DEATHS. OnWlcdt.ecday. tto iStbilast.,at Kirenechtree, Ladyf eron Maxwell, I i IHeron, in her Stith ycar. - n tie 22 th Febr2ary, t.n beard tbe Mlaion, at Eea,CommanderWVm , Fil, or the nrsrnD;avy,zed 4it : Oss the Ltb inst.. at flritford Vicseage, Salisbury. Mlary Anne, .ife o' the- Rev. I.- I IE liIl. and ouly daughter of the late Captain John . uf:i!XlsfSZ±rthc.et '.Ei,itia. O,brhe lthl*iir., at Pitter. Jcbn Randall, in the 91th year of his Or the ':t'h in't.. at Garden, StirlingsLire, James Stirling, Eeq, c-f G Caveen, irn I-s 4th year. (jn T;eday,thel'h inst., Mr. Henry Harris,elothier,Abingdon, lor-z. aged Se. C-1 li:C r tth,-st.. at AWerton Rectory, Suffolk, rorrowirllxrrctt, D 3. the; e. liaM AdCisgton -NortoD, M-A, Rtetor oiAlderCt-n ar.d IbYte, in thateseatty, or-t 61. On thoe 25th inst, at7 his re=dence. No. l, Wintenlow-placm, Vassallo_<l.Sortht Brixtvo, Johan Williasson. aq.. in the 73d 5ear of his age. cn the 2.:th ilst., at Ellesmere Lodge. Cheltenham, John Wilson, R-on late of Lucolrf's-inu, -arrister-at-law, aged 65. Cn tte25-h izt-s.. of paralysisof the brain, Charles Clements, aged 26, S°'.i ':on cf Tiomas Morgan, Esq., late of Rutland-gate. On tl:c '6thi inst.. at Clift 'n Villa, Southend. Streatham,of whooping cough, Editb. the infant daughter of &I6wd. Thos. Wilson, Esq., of the Collegiate School, Britton-hill, Surrey. Ou tlhe 26th lt., at 7, Bedford-terrace, Vpper Holloway Miss Elirabeth Eorrell, in her 655 year. I 'n the 2'th inst, at Brighton, Amelia Jane, youngest danghter of Capain Gowoan, late 9ith Regiment, aged tbreeyears. On the 26th inst., John Browzn, Rsq., of Oakland Lodge, Streatham. hi,l, and late of 2No.40, Lombard-Etreet, i. the '5th year of his age. On the 27th inst., at his residence. 1, Earle-street, Sloane-square. C.helea, 3r. FrancIs Vhite,in hii 76th year, deeplylamncntedbyalt who knew him. On the 27tl inst., at Starcress, Devon. in the eOth year oE her age, Sarah. wife of M1r. Bcnjamin Bensley, and daughter of the late Mr. John Foek, of Weymouhl. On the 27th inst., at Lee, Kent, Catherine Prior, the beloved wife of the Rev. R. D. Ilarris. On Saturday, reh 28th inst.. at No. 1. l;ilburr. Priory, Kilburm, Tbomas Dich-ins. Rgq., in the 75th year of lhis age, much respected.
- I _JIEi&ITY INTELLIGEYCE. ------ llqp- M-Vn,P7,? T--"n The University sermons were this day- preached-in tke morning by the President of St. John's CoUlege, and in tbe afterlioon by the Provost of Qaeen's College.. The following subject is proposed for the Stanhope Prize. forthe yearl187 " The Character and Place of Wickdiffe as a RaEformer." Any Undergraduate who shall not have exceeded in -Act Term, 1857, the sixteenth term from his x1atriculation is at liberty to compete for this prize, and is required to send his Exercise, under a sealed cover, to the Registrar of the University on or before the 29th day of April of tho same Tear. The auhor is required to conceal his name and to distinguish his composition by what motto he pleaws; sending a the same time his name, and the date of his matriculatio, sealed up under another cover, with the same motto i- scribed upon it. It is desired thas the Essays should not be of a greater length than would ocacpy 20 ninutea if they bhould 'e recited. The new Statates of Exeter, Corpus, and Lincoln Colleges have (with the exception of some unimportant clauses), re. ceived the sauction of the Queen in Council, andhavetlhereby come into full operation as the Statutes of the 4olleges in question. * CAliIMBRIDUE, Ju-n 28. A Congregation was held this day, when the followiei degrees were conferred:- BACHELoRS OF DmNirT. The Rev. Peter Elwvn Wrench, Christ's College. The Iev. Henry Spiigg, Qaeen's College. BACaFLOR OF MIEDICME. Robert Cameron Galton, Trinity College. M.USIEBS OF ARTS. Sidney Biddle, . Edmund. Wilson George William Horton, Frederic William Johnson, Lovelace Tomlinson Stamer, Trinity College. Henry Wilkinson, Joseph Lowre, Richard Stephen JohnsWilliams, Benjamin St. Johni Mathews, John Sutherland Clarke, Jolm James Tmrner, Arthur Coles Havilud, William Bebb, Thomas Sinclair Clarke, S John Brook Smith, St. John'e College. Edward lloyd Edwards, William Allen, John Audens, I Henry Alexander Carwardine, Richard Dovwson, C William Bevern Grix, pQueen's Cokl4e Arthur Haute Wyatt, Clare College. William Oke Cleave, Jesus College. L'urence Wilhien Riley, William Jay Bolton, Caius College. Tay Leaver, J Robert William Elliot, Corpus College. William Butler, Alfred Theophilus Lee, John Rooker, . Chris's College. Theodore Francis, James letcalfe, J Arthnr Bolland, Magdalene College. Hemy Leach, 7Emmanuel College. BzChELOR OF ARis. Joseph Nunin, St. John's College. Pre4ton John Williams, Trinity College, Dablin. SIr. Walker, of Trinity College, -was appointed Deputy Proctor in t;he absence of 31r. Wolfe.
DETECTIO2Y OF STRYCHNIiYE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE; TDIES. Sir,-In our last coimunication, publishedinThu e Tbissof thel3th inst.,w 'e forwardedyon a process by which strychnine can be detected in the liver, blood, tissues, and contents of stomachs in animals destroyed by that poison, and that even 12 months after intermnent. At that date -we wvere engagedwith somne experiments. npon the bones now completed, and as the results have irmportant bearings we beg to forward them. The scapuP. and large bones of the legs formed the subject of our experiment; thevertebrae, pelvis. and ribs formed the subject of a second experiment. As the presence of bone-earth rendered X- modification, of our process necessary we have enclosed the details. In the first experiment we did not obtain even the mninute quantity of strychnine necessary to give a trustworthyresult, but it isrightto state that on the applicatioai of the colour test there was an alppearance which led us to. believe that had -we operated on a larger quantity of bones the result would have been different. In the second experiment the presence of strychnine was clearly demonstrated. In this instance, however, it sbourd be understood that while there was double the quantity or bones taken, those bones -were of a more vascular character, and there were also contained in the vertebral canal the decomposed remains of the spinal cord. Thatstryclnine can be detectedunderthese circumstances is obviously of vast importance, as the bones would in all -probability furnish the poison after the complete decompoSition of all the other tissues. Without entering into details of the experiments, we would also state that w-e have found no difficulty in obtaiuing strychnine from the bodies and organs of animals to which antimony - ,,---- - -- --I .-.trrchnine, and that in those experiments the antimony was aLso detected; and that decomposition, so far fromn interfering with the separation of strychnine, rather facilitates it. It must be matter of great satisfaction to knowv that so deadly a poison cannot escape detection; for if after deeth the contents of the stomach are lost, the blood, liver, and other organs and tissues, even to the bones themselves, Wi furiush the proof of its having been taken, and it must be acknowledged that thc certain detection of a poison is the strongest preventative for its felonious administration. The experiments of Mr. Herapath, Drs. Letheby and Ogle, prove that it may be detected in one of the exretions of patients talding medicinal doses- experiments; wewould remark, that clearly disprove the theory that the quantity of strychnine that destroys life imdergoes suc'h a change as prevents its subse,nent detection- J. E. D. RODGERS, U. r. G1kWDOOD. Assistat-tSurgeon. rnadier- Gnards. Laboratory, St. George's School of Medicine. IJT une27. Lecturer on Chvminirv at the St. George's School of medicine. (i. P. GIRDWOOD kAssistant-Surgeon, GrenadierGxnn-ls. The modified process for the detection of strychnine in the bones is as follows:-Thebones, brolen into pieces of->a convenient size, are placed in a deep evaporating basi and covered wvith dilute hydrochloric acid (one part add and ten parts water), and digested over a warm bath until dissolved; w;hen cold thc liquid is filiered; to the filtered liquid sulphuric acid must he added as long as a precipitate iS produced; the liquid is again filtered; to the filtrate sulphate of mnagnessa muEt he added in the proportion of one ounce to everv pound of bones originally taken. Escess. of ammonia is nOW added and tlh liquid again filtered;. this liquid nbust now be agitated with about half an ounceof chloroform in a stoppered bottle, which, as before stated, separates the strychnine; after subsidence the chloroform is. to be drawvn off by a pipette and agitated in a capacious tube with distilled water; the chloroform must now be drawn off aud evaporated to dryness over a water-bath, the residuenmoistened with concentrated sulphuric acid and heatel over a water-bath half an hoor, diluted with distilled water and filtered into a tube; excess of animonia added and again agitated with about three draclmis of chloroform. This last operation requires repetition,-as the chlorofonn. solution will not yiel on evaporation strychnine in a ruffi-- cient state of purity for the ap; lication of the colour test. It ma.y be necessary to remnark thsat in the above procec advantage is taken of the solubility of strychnine;* for as te anunoniacal solution to which the chloroform is first added will generally equal an imperial pint in quantity, nearlyone. grain and a quarter of strychnine might be in solution netwithstanding the nrewancA nf ePvrp ef -'-; J. E. D. RODGEIS Lecturer on Chvrnihtrv at thn St. GeorEe's School of jMAIeIain
CoLoN-n FIIBRES FOB. 3MA2JFACTURUYG PUArOSES.-At a meeting in the Manchester Town-hal on Thursday cvening, MIr. Watts, mayor, rresiding, Mr. Young, a director of the recently formed Colonal Fibre Company, andh'r. Sharp, gave some interestgingomation relative to the attempts which have been made to obtain manufacturing fibres from tropical plants growing in British colonies. Mr. Sharp said tlho sheet-anchor of the Fibre Company's undertaking was the plantain-tree (Siusa paradisiaca), as the colonies included in their charter of British Guiana and Jamaica could furnish 500,000 to 700,000 bales of fibre, each bale being about 3cwt. In those two colokies this tree was universally cultivated, its fruit being there the chief article of food. Each tree, on arriving at pi-fection, bore from 201b. to GOlb. of fruit, and was thenleft to rot, as it never produced fruitagain. It was propagated by suckcrl, and did not require renewal for 12 or 15 yeas. The concentric rings of the outer nart of its trunk formed onie a7.nse of fibre, and fibres could be obtained even to the endoof the midrif of the leaf. It would be exported in the form of bandles of fibre. Mdr. Sharp described the process of converting this tree into fibre, and exhibited bunches of it; also pointing to fibres obtained from thc leaf of the Anerican aloe, and to a much finer and different quality, from the aloe vae icgata. These fibres were adapted to vatious textile purposes, one of the fabrics being of the cnaracter of silk, hut in some respects superior and wvorth 3Ad. to 4cl. per lb. Fine paper could be obtained from the fibire, and the mucilaginous centre of the plant yielded a material not nnlilec cotton. Mfr. Sharne said from these materials could be obtained articles rom thefineness of French cambric to the strength and thickness of a cable. The fibre could be dyed, and in. this country would se at not exceeding 2d. per lb., allowing a large profit. It was further stated that cloth could be manufactured from a mixture of fibre and wool; and that the plantain fibre, though somewhat inferior in strength to Russian hemp, resisted much better the action of salt -water. While,_on the average, an acre yielded 4ewt. of cotton, 4Jcwt. of far, or7cwt.rof hemp, it yielded 4&8wt. of plantain fibre, and there were manifest advantages from the plantain being perennial. In British Guiana, especially Demerara, the copanv had been offered nearly a million ready grown phate xt 2d. each; but in Jamaica, where there was neither ralway nor river, the company must cultivatefor thenaselvee. Mr. Young stated that such had been the depreciation of property in the West Indies that he aknew an e-tate, possessing buildings and machinery, which could be. bouegt for less 'than 4,000, while a few year3 ago it cost 7(i,M
IRELAND. (ixOx O1UR OWN CORXESPONDENT.1 DUBLIN, SATURDAY MOLNING. THE TIPPERARY BAXK. The unhappy contributories to the Tipperaxy :Bank swindle must by this time be pretty well convinced of the old saw which says that niisfortuhies seldom come singly. Yesterday the Master in ,Chancery issued another peremptory order adadressed to certain shareholders whose names are set forth in a schedule, caling for 401. per share to be paid in to the official manager on the 12th of the ensuing month of July. The following are the pairties named with the number of shares afixsed to each The Lei4ster EpJyress, alluding to the celebrated letter of John Sadleir and to his brother James's complicity in the monster fraud therein sketched out for his instruction, very truly remarks:- "'1In presence of this the frauds of Paul, Strahan, and Bates sink into insignificance; yet the man who carried out the plan of deception-wvho drew up and published the fraudulent statement, ascribing to the bank the most flourishing state at the very period when lie knew it was entireIy without stability, and was liable from the slightest breath of suspicion to bringruin upon its victims-thisman, James Sadleir, is still at large and is afforded every facility for evading the penalty due to his offence; and it is probable he is at this moment on his way to some secure retreat for swsindlers. Whlly this is the case, the Government will surely have to account. It wiU not be admitted that the awv c.an only enmesh the small fry of cet-purses and shoplifters, while the greater criminals are allowed to escape. It nmay he that daring some of M^tr. Sadleir's private examinations reacting the affairs of the bank lie may have been ermitted to pave the wvay to immunity through some of the numerous ch.annels in w hich the pursuit of justice so often is defeated. So far thle Master of the Rolls has faithfully discharged his duty in bringing the ruatter under the motice of the Amiuinistration; it nowv remains to be seen 'whether the Crown prosecutors will as efficiently discharge that part of the r-ole in this great drana that devolves on them." An application was made yesterday to the Master in Chancery, and leave obtained, to serve notices of appeal to the Lord Chancellor from the decision of the Rolls' Court in the matter of the English shareholders of the Tipperary Bank. Before the concusion of business,- " The Master sa.d that he desired to make a fewv observations in reference to the letter of the 31st Decemiiber, 1S55, referred to in the judginent of the Master of the Rolls in the case of the English shareholders, in consequence of several parties having made inquiries as to whether it was presented to him before the arguments in that case had taken place. It 'was right, as regarded himself and those who had the management of the case, to state publicly that that letter was not before him at the time the case was at hearing, and was rnot discovered until long after the argumcnts. The Master of the Rolls in his judgment remarked that that document was not referred to in the argun.ents before him (Master Murphy.) It -was not referred to, becauseithad not been discovered byany one until after the arguments took place, and he never saw it until he read it in the authorized report of the judgment -in the ELen lba iMIail. A few- days before the official manager discovered the letter, and most properly came to him and apprized him of its existence, and consulted with him about the propriety and necessity of laying it before heMaster of the Rolls. N~either the oflicial manager nor he (the Master) had a second opinion on the subject, and he directed the oficial manager to lay the matter before the Master of the Rolls. It was in that way, and at that time, and not until until then, that the letter, whatever might bave been its legal effect, wvas known to have existence, and. at the moment that it was discovered, by his directions and with his concurrence, it was submitted to the Master of the Rolls. He thought it right, asregarded the official manager and himself, that the pnblic shouild know that fact." THE MURDER OF MRS. =ELLY. It is reported that the case against Mlr. George Ztrevens, the nephew of the murdered woman, is so far incomplete that the Crown does not mean at present to press the matter further; consequently the bills vil not be sent up before the grand jury of Westmeath at the approaching assizes. The whole affilir is still wrapt in mystery, and there is no nearer clue now to the discovery of the assassins than there uas 24 hours after the commission of the nurder. The same remark applies to the case of the late MSIr. O'Callaghan, uvho was murdered 2-6 1-h,rs xIl cne county ort (iaway, lI«ugh it is said that the perpetrators have made no attempt to fly the country, and are quietly pursuing their ordinary avocations without hindrance on the part of their neighbours, many of wlhom are said to be (lulte competent to lay hands upon the guilty paI-ties. REZPRFSlXTTlOXN- OF TmPPEPARY. it is annoumced that the Hon. George O'Callaghan wiU positively be the Liberal candidate for Tipperary whenever the friends of MIr. James Sadleir think it becoming to announce that gentlemnan's resignation of his seat in Parliament. TIIE EN'CU5IBEREED ESTATES COURT. By the last official return supplied by the officer of the court it appears that during the month just closed the produce of sales amounted to 106,4671. ; total nrumnber of petitions presented, 3,884; total number of conveyances executed by the commissioners, 5,S9S ; net rental of estates posted for salein June, 3856, 26,4851. ls. 2d.; total produce of sales from the 21st of February, 1850 (the first sale day\, to the 24th of June, 1856, both days inclusive, 17,893,1241. 13s. Gd. THE YUNDS. ThreeperCent. Consols, for accounlt, July 8, 95 )t; 3litto, for new account, 95i; New Three per Cent. stock, .95 4' ; Ditto. for account, July S, 9-5' 4 I Ditto, for mew account, '51; Hibernian Bank, 31. Railways.-Cork and Bandon, lOE; Dublin and Wicklow, for account, 61Dundalk and Ennislillen, 1S3; Great Southern and Western, .54k; Ditto, eighths, B per cent. preference, 7T Irish Sonth-Eastern, 5 -; Killarney .Junction, lOt 'idland Great Western and Royal Canal, 52'; W,aterford and Xilkenny, 44-; Ditto, Nevw, G per cent., preference, 2J ; Waterford and Limerick, for account, 224 ; W aterford and Tramore, paid in full, 9.
3Tr. RnEs RocTs.-A lectuire was dejivered en Fsiday, the 27th, at the United Service Institution, WVhitehafyard, by Ir. William lHale, on the Theory af thc Fli,ht of Pockets; Admiral Sir T. Herbert, X.C.B., hM.P., in the chair. After some preliminary obserwations, the lecturer gave a description of the mechanical construction of the wvar rocket as first introduced by Sir William Congrevc, and proceeded to explain the cause of the rocket's motion-how that the elastic gas generated by the combustion of the composition gave propulsion to the rocket, andprovedthat the measure of thepower acting as the propelling force would he always as the pressure of the as upon the areal capacity of the rocket's vent multiplied mntothevelocity of t.he volune of gas that escapes. He noticed the errors and imperfections inseparable from the stick rocket, both in relation to the mechanical construction of the rocket itself and those peciliar to the use ef the stick, and went on to consider tlre consequences resulting from the resistance of the atmosphere ?as opposed to the force of gravitation. He then explained the war rocket knowvn by his name (and a great number of which have already been manufactured in the Government establishments), and showed, by a process of mathematical reasoning, iUustrated by diagrams, that from a simple and anerring device it contains wvithin itself a mechanical principle counteracting any tendenn.y to deviation, while, at the same time, it insures infallibly greater range. Three or four lateral and tangential orifices for the escane of a small portion of the pent up gas suffice to give the ro'cket a rotatory motion on its long axis, which coincides with its line of direction, giving it the precision of a Mini6 rifle ball. He next called attention to the fact that his rocket might 'oe nsed in places and under circutnstances where the use of the stick rocket vould be utterly impracticable, Proving. by models, that it could be fired from pits or ocver w.alls as convenientlv as from level ground. and stated that his rockets might be made (and conveniently fired) of considerably greater weiglt than any shot or shel thrown from a gun or mortar, with at muach certainty and much greater rapidity, while the effect produced far exceeded that of any known projectile. Finally, lie predicted that the rocket wonld no lonaer be a doubtful auxiliary to the artillery. but rival it in every particular of offensive and defensive warfare, nCeding comparatively none of the expensive apparatus belongingto eavyguns and mortars, and thathenceforth It would rank second to none of all tC destructive engines 'whichwar unhappily brings into operation. The lectuarer was well suppled with models of various kinds, each of which he explained, and also some full-sized rockets and g tubes, the ltter being also new, and of his own invenion. Among the rockets were some of lewt. each, and -one machine wai conspicuous for destructiveness, discharging A volleY of 13 12-pounders at one time. The enormnous size of the rockets-one of the largest of which will remain in the mjeum for inspectioiand the simplicity of the 3nethod bsy which ALr. Hale insures the accuiracy of their eight, attacted much attenationl fromn an audience able to understa=d the subject. Anong other distin"uished officers there were prewent, Gceneral Grant, GcneraY Ba old, the Hon. Colonel Bruxce; Colonel Adams, of the nova, 3ilitary College; Colonel Jatheson, Sir George Back. Captain W. lInasay, B.N.; ColoswlFitzmayer. Royal Artillery - Colonel Yceke, Colonel Edwards, the Hon. Colonel AM 'Crdn, Cdoloel Aiistruther, Colonel Twemulow, Cc. olone ChYA P .-O SH1LIIG DAY, Sa.turzlzy, June 2S.-Admissions on payement, 1V33; ditto
I LOBD OR.OMVS COLLECTION OF PICTURES. The Wolterton collection of pictures was dbiped of on. Satur&y by esrs. Christie and Manson, at their great! roo inZKing-street, St. James's-square. The sale of this spiendid collection excited the greatest interest, and the lage room was as crowded as it was during the memorable sale of the Rogers Collection. Many of the pictures, it *will be seen iroxn the subioined statemenxt, realized extraor- dinarily hibh prices:- i 124o-L Canaetti.-A courtyard in Venice, with fige in24o~ Cana by ~enmos.The staircase oIthl ingalleries supported byelms Tesarseo te Doe's Palace, with a Cardir.al and otherfigures. These two 'splendid ~pictres were painted by the great artist for Countj AlSIbero tt, of St. Fetersbm>. and purchased by the 1ate Lord Orford from the esecutors of the Count. 160 and 240 gumneas. 248. Opie.-Two Peasant Children; a girl standing poMting to a distant object, and a boy seated on the ground. Paintedin the true spirit of Gainsborough. A most agreeable specinien of the muaster. 310 guieas. 249. Zoffany.-Ainateurs acting the "M Merchant of Venice" before a party of noblemen, at Lord Mansfield's; MIr. Clarke as Antonio. Admirably painted.* A work of peculiar interest. 140 guineas. 250. Sir C. Eastlake, P.R.A.-A classical landscape, with Arcadian figures near a terminal statue; buildings and mountainous distance. A beautiful composition, painted at Rome in 1829. 170 guineas. 254 and 255. Canaletti.-St. Mark's-place, the Dogama, and the Grand Canal; a general view, with many figures. A work of high quality and brilliant effect. Also, the com- pnion picture, the front of St. Mark's Church, from the Piazza, with numerous figures. The same remarks apply to these tvo charming pictures as are made on the former by t.he same artist (240 and 241). 260 and 274 guineas. 258. 2Fra Fiaippo Lippi..-The Virgin, in a red and blue dress, seated;* her hand preSsig herbreast, with two angels, one of whom is presenting the -.nfant to her. This rare and interesting work is from Sir A. C&llcott's collection. 40 guneas. 2G4. Berghem.-An Italian landscape, with peasant in a red dress; tvo cows near a pcool of water; a man on a mule, and other figures on a rising road beneath a rock, with hilly distance. An exquisite work of tho highest quality, and a perfect specimen of the master. 470 guineas. 2G6. Weeiix.-A dead hare, suspended from a carved stone pedestal, on which is a monkey with fr'it; dead birds on the ground; a lake and palace in the backgroandupright. Very delicately finished. S)9 guineas. 267. Giovanni Lo Spagno. -The Glorification of the Virgin, who, in a red dress and blio drapery, is seated on the clouds with the infant in her lap and a lily branch in her hand. Angels are holding a jewelled crown of gold above her head; beneath are two children playing the violin and flute, seated on a stone pedestal. A church in the landscape background. This exquisite work of the great master, who was the fellow pupil of Rlafaelle, is in the original arched-top frame of the period, ornamented with pilasters of arabesque design. Perhaps the only work of thisrare artist in this country. 620 iiineas. 26S. Rembrandt.-The Converted Kw ; ho is represented in a yellowv dress, and black cloak, and wite and gold turban. lRe stands w;ith his hands clasped, an open Bible an atable before himn. Figures on mules seen in the background. Painted with magical effect; the figure most dignified. 140 guineas. 269. Ruysdael.-A grand sea piece-effect of storm. Two figures on a wvooden pier, at the end of which is a beacon. A wave is breaking on the pier head with fine effect; a fishing-boat is endeavouris g to make for the harbour, and other boats are seen tossedby the waves in the distance; a briUlianb light fa?ls on the centre from a partial opening in the grand cloudy sky. An example of the higlhest excellence. There is a similar picture in the Marquis of Lansdowne's coHection. 3Q0 guineas. 2701. A grand altarpiece-The Virgin, seated on a stone altar, with the infant in her arus. Dated MDXX [I. The ch71ef d'curre of the master; with the companion, Saints Adoring the Cross, which the Magdalen, kneeling, embraces. L andscape background. 52 and 46 guineas. 273. Velasquez.-The Duchess d'Ossuna, in a black dress and hood, white collar, fastened with bows of riband, holdinca fan. This admirable work is from Lord Radstock' collection. 170 gunineas. 274. hfathesusGrunenwald, of Asschaffenburg.-A grand altarpiece. A highly impotant and interesting example of the early German school. In perfect preservation. 130 guineas. 276. De Koningh.-A landscape; a grand extensive view over a vast extent of country in E[olland. An example of the highest quality. From the coUection of Count Pourtalis. 390 guineas. 277. Murillo.-Christ sinking nnder the weight of his Cross, his right hand resting on a stone; the Virgin, in a crimson dress and blue drapery, kneeling before him, her hands hanging down, her countenance expressive of intense grief; a hiUy landscape with buildings forins the back ground. This most important workis claracterized by deep religious feeling and pathos, and is highly commended by MaLame de Stael, although mistaken as to the name of the great artist in her work of "Corinne." 690 guineas. 278. Rubens.-The very celebrated Rainbovw Landscape. The subject of this splendid picture, acknowledged by all judges to be the finest landscape in the world, represents a party of peasants returning home at evening from harvest wock, soon after a shower, and various others engaged in farmning employments; a group of cattle watering and a brood of ducks hurrying to a pool display all the magic of Rubens's pencil. A mass of wood on the right forms a perspective, which is lost in a delightful distant landscape; a rainbow, with a grand sweep, unites the colouring of the wlhole in the richest harmony. This celebrated chefd'Wu ire, one of a pair which formerly adorned the Balbi Palace at Genoa, maybe safely pronounced one of the most glorious efforts of Rubens. It is from Mr. Watson Taylor's coDlection, and was purchased at his sale by Lord Orford for, we obelieve, 2,650 guineas. It was nowF put up at 2,750 guineas, and realized thehigh price of 4,5501. 279. Sasso Ferrato.-The Marriage of St. Catherine, who is ifi a red and yellow dress and loose drapery, kneeling before the infant, who is in the arms of the Virgin, seated on the clouds; two angels holding a crown and palm branch above; a sword and fragment of the wheel are on the ground in front. A grand chef-d'-aurre of the highest importance, the figures being of life size and whole length, so rarely seen in the works of this degant master. 1,025 guineas. Same purchaser. The 70 pictures-commencing with 90S of the general catalogue and ending with 2,9, twro being wrongl insertedpreduced upwrards of 11,oO01.
Tni- MASTlAmS n CHxweERY.-The death of Mir. John E. Blunt, on Saturday morning, one of the Masters in Chancery, leaves only four surviving or continuing Masters in Sonthampton-buildings, viz.-Sir George Rose, Mfr. Richards. ir. Tinney, and Mr. Humphry. Mr. Blunt graduated at Trinity CoUlege, Cambridge, and was called to the bar as a member of Lincoln's-inn in June, 1822. 3Mr. Blunt was formerly one of the Commissioners in Lunacy, and he succeeded the present Accountant-General as Junior Crown Counsel in Charities. On the elevation of Sir R. T. Kindersley to the Equity Bench Mr. Blunt was in 1849 appointed by Lord Cottennam as Master ii Ordinary. As an eqnity drauglhtsman his professional business had been considerable, and he was the author of two voluies of reports of cases in his court. His unexpected death will be lamented by a wide circle of private and political friends. RErORT OF THsE INSPECTrORS or PRisoNxs.-Th1e 19th report of the Inspectors of Prisons in the northern and eastern districts has just appeared. There is still a great want of uniformity both in the construction and discipline of these prisons. The system of separate confinement has been unanimously adopted by a committee of the magistrates of Lancashire as " the best and nost improved plan of prison discipline," and measures have been adopted for carrying out the idea. A great increase in the number of female prisoners is a deplorable feature in the report before us, whereas the number o' male prisoners has continuied to decrease in nearly all the prisons of the district. Near N{orwich five magistrates for the county have built a farmschool for 40 inmates, with 32 acres of land attached, which it is proposed to cultivate by spade husbandry. The original object was to provide moral and inidustrial training and employment for youths and boys unler 21 years of age on their discharge from gaol, but it has since been determined to bring the institution within the provisions of the act 17th and 15th Victoria, chap. 8G. Glancing over the "separate" prison reports a few points are noticeanle cn paeant. At Cambridge th^ separate systenm is highly approved, both at the town and county gaol. At -Visbeach an abswrd sacrifice of time is mnade by locking up the prisoners at dusk in unlighted cells. The consequence is that much time is passed in bed-hardly the best place for the correction of evils of which idleness is said to be the root. Opiium-eating is very prevalent in this district, and the use of the drug is often apparent in its effect on the morals and intellect of the prisoners. Chester Gaol stands in need of many sanitary improvements. In Derby Gaol the hopeless case of a young girl is noticed; she broke all the windows of her cell, ana has been constantly recommitted to the prison for various offences. Huitingdon Gaol boasts of a liter.ry tturnkey, who acts as schoolmaster to the prisoners, to the entire satisfaction of the chaplain: taskw'ork appears to be much disliked in this gaol. At Kirkdale county gaol an increase in the c*ommitmeuts of boys under 15 is remark-ed, and there have beenseveral recommittals. The separate stall system in the chapel of this prison has proved a -wofut failure, as it rathar favours,than prevents, communication between tbeprisoners. In Lancaster Castle an unfortunate debtor, like Mr. Dickens' " Chancery Prisoner" in the Fleet. obtained his "discharge" at last, -by the hand of death. The age of the person and the circamstznces of the case are not stated. Attempts by friends of prisoners to introduce spirits into the dungeon assigned to debtors are severelypunished at lancaster Castle. Indeed, the restrictions on debtors there appear to be unduly severe in comparison wvith other pnsons. Thuts, debtor d. C. is " locked up for smoking," and debtor W. A. has his ale stonped for tw O days for a similar indulgence in thle narcotic wveed. On one occasion a bailiff of the Liverpool County Court was found dead drunk outside the Castle-gates at half-past 12 o'clock at niglht, and with himn a muan who requested the warder of the gate to take charge of the said bailff. It turned out that this sober companion 'was actually a debtor in the custody of the inebriated catchpoll, who dleclined to avail himself of so excellent an opportunity for effecting his escape. On a second occasion both bailiff and debtor arrived at the prison considerably the worse for alcohol. The want of suitable asylums to receive juvenile offenders on discharge, " young in years but old in crime," is a remarkable feature in the report on tbe Liverpool borough gaol, where a prisoner v.as flogged for "feigning an attempt to hang himself." The system of overcrowding in this gaol is abominabie, and the inspector witnessed "a most painful and degrading sight." The chaplain of Salford New Bailey denounces the number of beershops and licensed singing saloons as the "chief incitements to crime, especially with boys." The inspector of the Folkingham (Lincolnashire) Gaol, suggests the addition to the library of a few books "not professedly of a religious character," as likely to be beneficiaL At Kirton-Lindsey the prisoners "pass too much time in bed." The same evil exists atSpilsby, where they are locked up in cells without li"ht or means of employment at 4 p.m., and rise at 7 am. -§o at Bury St. Edumund's and Ipswich. At Walsingham the use of the bath in winter is strongly deprecated, as "fraught with many evils." At Northallerton, the common lodging-houses are reported as botbedy pf iroe and f6c of mnoral coutamn.ation.
LYCE}UM THEATBE. - -- Of allthe plays yet performed in London, the Roamusa of Alfieri is the tragedy for Madame RistorL Nay, it reduces to insignificance every one that has preoeded it, for it makes us feel for the first time that the artist is worthily employed; that a realy great character, the creation of a great poet, is grandly acted. Medea and Pta del Tofossei were evidently written up to the level of stage display, and, well as they answered their purpose of showing what the actress could do, the poverty of the latt4r, and the artificial complexity of the former, could not be effectually prevented from obtruding themselves on the consciousness. More. over, the triumph of an artist in a part especially contrived for him differs in kind from that which he achieves in some classical work not of his own time, but belonging to a period when neither his idiosyncrasy northe circumstances by which he is influenced could have been foreseen by the author. A " Shaksperian actor" takes a position in this country which can never be attained by any performance, however admirable, in a modern production, and with all the popularity of Mademoiselle Rachel in Adrienne Lecourrucur, she would never have been rmounted on her present pedestal, had she not exhibited her powvers in the iecognized tragedies of Corneille and Eacine. Schiller'S Afaria Stuert was, of course, perfectly independent of any artist or any school of the present day, but then it was the play that least of all exhibited the powers of Madame Ristori. In the Bossmunda of Alfieri she is the interpre. tress of her national literature. Rosmunda, wife of the Lombard King, Alboin, chiefly lives in the modern mind by a particular tale of outrage and revenge which stands out as completely from the ordinary series of historical events as the moro remarkable episodes in the chronicles of the doomed houses of ancient Greece. Indeed, we may rest assuredthat if the sapper of Alboin had been given at Argos, or at Thebes, in the days of the iras-rpms-t jlaenesal, it would have firuished a subject to each of the three tragedians of Attica, who would havo vied with each other in rendering Rosmunda and Almachild as renowned as Clyteninestra and RgiEisthus. The story has a specialty of its owvn, which hinders it from being confounded with or represented by any other. At a banquet given shortly after the subjugation of Northern Italy dlboin, the Loumbard Kin, in the madness of debauchery, not only quail- wine outlof the skull of his wife llosmunda's father, but insists that the lady shall follow his example. The outrage is avenlged by another. Almachild, the King's 'armourer, and-so says Lombard scandal -the illicit lover of Rosmunda, murders the tyrant at the instigation of his mistress, and for a short tine power remains in the hands of the murderers. It is obvious that although the connexion with Almachild and the murder of Alboin make of Rosmunda a sort of Clytenmnestra, the peculiar outrage she has suffered and the feeling of filial piety by which she is actuated assimilate her in some degree to Electra. In fact, there is a combination of motives, which, though the motives themselves are of a thoroughly antique kind, is not to be found in the tragic cycle of antiquity. This well-known story, however, which served as a sub. tect for a five-act tragedy by Sir William Davenant, pub. lished in the 17th century, foraone-acttragedybyK. Latour de St. Ybars. brought out at Paris in 1854 with small success, and for a ballata by the Italian poet Prati-read the week before last at the Egyptian-hall by Signor Arrivabene-this well-known story does not form the plot of Alfieri's tragedy, but is to be assumed as its condition precedent. Borrowing a little from history, and much from his owa imaginatin, the great Italian dramatist has taken up the life of his heroine at a point w.here the old tale leaves off. Alboin has perished before the, curtain rises. As in the case of Afcdea. we will here follow together the progress of the play and of the actress. At the commence. ment Romilda, dauehter of the murdered Alboin, is discoveredapraying in the regal palace for the success of thl Lombard chief Clefis, who has raised the standard of rebelUion against the present disreputable governors of his race, However, before a word has passed her lips Rosmunda appears on a large gallery, which, with a staircase at each end, is the principal object on the stag3 throughout the piece. We have already spoken of the indescribable effect which Madame Ristori can prodluce by a mereentrance. Inthepresentinstance sho surpasses herseLf. There is in her aspect, as shewatches the praying girl, something so inexpressibly stately and at the same time s, inexpressibly malignant that she is the incarnation of al evil destiny. She checks the rebellious devotion of hehated stepdaughter, and a strong war of words is maintainel on both sides. Rosmunda, who would do anything to mortify Romilda, leas determined to give her in marriage to the barbarian Alaric, fiercely exulting at the misery she will endure in the marriage state. The peor little girl declares with spirit that her aw.ful stepmother might, with some show of consistency, order her to be murdered or tortured, but that she has no right thus to dispose of her hand against her will. She is answered with a sentence that is alike admirable for the condensed vigour of the writing and for the scorn with which it is uttered by the actress:- " Di morte PUnBsco lo quei ceb in nm pavenito e abborro; "Te, CtU nori temo. io vye punir di vita."- Mutual recriminations lead to a revival of the old story of the banquet and the skull, and marvellous is the power with which Madame Ristori revives the scene of horror, aad causes its frightful details to be once more present. The fervour with which she pours forth this narrative, and the access of rage by which it is followed, are suddenily stopped by thespeak-er herself, with the wrords, 4" Va; nd piu m'irritare." The young victim must depart on the following day, so Rosmunda wills it, and the proper vocation of Resmunda is not to bandy words, but to command. "Esci ; c t'appresta "As tuo rartire al nuovo di; riwpongo. On the "l'impongo" is laid a crushing weight of solid, immovable resolution. Left alone, Rosmunda initiates us somewhat more into the cause of her hatred for Roinilda. LTot only is the young princess the "Xi5ilia csecrata" of Alboin. but there is some reason to suspect that she is loved by Rosmunda's present husband, Almachild. The soliloquy in which this rovelation is made is delivered with surprising subtlety by Madame Ristori. The jealousy has scarcely taken a definable form ; it floats vaguely before her mind, and the state of doubt is depicted in the rapidly moving eye and restless countenance. The return of Almachild victorious from his contest -with Clefis dispels for a while her gloomy doubts, and in the first joy at her husband's safety she shows an amount of feminine tenderness which she never manifests again. Soon, however, the misgiving reawakens, for Rosmunda perceives that Ahnachild is opposed to the union of Romilda with Alarie. The second act opens with a dialogue between Almachild andi Ildovald, the latter, a Lombard chief, who has saved the life of the former in the recent battle. This dialogue merits more attention than it is likely to receive from those who think they are not bound to listen when the leading actress is absent from the stage, for the high tone taken by lldovald, who hates Alhachild as a tyrant and an usurper, but tlhiuks himself bound to defend him as the head of his nation, may be regarded a.s a good instance of that peculiar loftiness of sentiment which is characteristic of Afieri, as the eminently patrician republican. Being asked to name some rewvard for bis good service. Ildovald names the hand of Romilda, to the no small consternation of Almachild. Itosmunda, who besides Romilda, has joined the speakers, is now assailed by both the lovers to forego the proposed match with Alaric; but no progress is made, beyond an increase in her susoicions, and a determination on the part of Ildovald that he will raise a rebellion rather than suffer Romilda to be consigned to the arms of the barbalian. An interview between Aimachild and Rlomilda, in which the former openly declares his love, and the latter rejects the suit with abhorrence, opens the third act. Possmunda, breaking in upon the discussion, finds doubt changed to certainty, and pours tIme torrent of her wvrath on both parties alike, wvhen the wvhole aspect of affairs is changed by the vehement declaration of Romilda that she detests Almachild and loves lldovald. The flush of joy that passes over the face of Rosmunda as she hears this confession is a mamterpiece of by-play on the part of Mladame Ristori. When Rosmnunda and Almachild are left alone, and the lady upbraids her minion for his perfidy, in a speech commencing with the pyramid of epithets " Perfdio, i',faine, dif Cal, Bpergiuro"- (Sublimely heaped up by the actress)-the husband, completely at bay, retorts in a strain of sheer assurance. He owns not only that he loves Romilda, but that he glories in the passion, and boldly asks Rosmunda how she could have expected any real devotion from one who is only united to her as her partner in assassination- "Di vendetta alraro Lascia giurarsi amore :" Time guilty woman is wounded in her tenderest point. Her love for Almachild, as we have learned in the first act, was really a genuine feminine sentiment, and nowv she is reviled by the pitiful wretch whom she herself has raised to power we cannot refuse her our .sympathies, especially when the profundity of her wvondering grief is represented by such an artist as Mladamo Risteri. When she is left to brood on the new ontrage the actress ventures on one of ' those bold imaginations wsicheeseem peculiar to herself- - Nil io t'amai .7 NOen V'amo "D Ed edral tiL Iftrre, odio. gedosa " sabbia, .aperbo s(leg,o, e Inisti ffettU ruor ttitti, fuor del petto stio ! Tn sola *ieledi o vendetta; riedi. c ne riempi "Tut.a di tietto il nome tnoe, s'io sempre "Per pima e sola (leitit mia t' ebbs" eXclaims tCIO insuslted Queen, and she addresses " revenge" (vendetta) not as an abstract quality, perceivable by internal reflection ossly, but as a visible friend, to whichl her ra"e gives corporal existence, so that slse addresses it asshe would a human ally. Under the influience of this feeling she urges ldovald, who presently appears, to raise a rebel- lion against Almachils Hiere then the old story of Alboir's supper, which was apparently dieposed of before the play began, is revived in a new form, for we feel that the same Rosnmunda who prompted Almachild to n uider Alboin, is nowv, true to her own nature, prompting lldovald to overthrow. Abmeaclsld. The new friend retires to execute the suggested plan. Will, then, the terrible Rosmunda prove a sort of beneficent genius, to favour the cause of innocent love ? The lines with which she concludes the act, and which arc uttered with most ominous expression by Madame Ristori, leave us in painful doubt on the subject.:- Ma, jietr. "Far del sno amor vogl'io costet che abborro9 "Lieta? Nolseitua3ncora:-io vivo ancora," The import of these words is Ihlinly revealed in thi fourth act. The attempt of Ildovald proves a failure, an I he is led off the stage a prisoner, by order of Almachild, who not only renews his protestations of love to Romilda but offers to dethrone Rosmunda, and to place the lomiard crown on the head of its legitimate heiress. The young Prncess naturally looks to the Queen as her rotectress, and reveals the design of Almachild, but, far from inding a grate ful istener, she discovers that she has given newf cause forhatred. Ronnunda detests her more than ever, as the object of such intense love on the part of .Alahid, and from rise hruniiiating fee:ling that tho sclon of the hateful Alboin appears as a preserver of her throne " tanto I -ertes'imprende? Ochiseltul Qulimerto, * i grande m tel" This pas3age is uttered by Madame Ristori in a tone of the most contemptuous ferocity, and she makes her audience feel that it is a stronger addressing a weaker nature. The mnaliguity of Rosmunda has been largely conceived by Alfieri, and is largely interpreted by Madame Ristori. She will not be satisfied to get her rival easily out of the way by marrying her off comfortably. She bates 'with an unqualified hatred, and cannot endure the thought of conferring happiness on one she so deeply abhors. The fifth act is one terrific picture. Ildovald has beeii rescued by Rosmunda,and, at the head of his followers, has defeated Almachild, but the terrible Queen insults him for having omitted to slay her husbaud, and refusesto give up Romilda. The offspring of Alboin mnst still be a victim, slain to appease the old wrong, and, though Almauhild, returning, makes a common cause with his rival to rescue his beloved, Rosmunda dras'llerup one of the staircases, and tovwerng on the gallery like a sublime NTem esis, stabs her in the presence of both her adorers. Ildovald kills himself at the sight, and Rosmunda, who has assembled her guard around her, threatens hlmnachildl -with further vengeance. Never was an inaco of te.-ror more completely produced on the stage than in this scene. Madame Ristori, holding the young Princess (admirably played by Mademoiselle Picchiottino) with a crushing force that makes the poor little creaturewrithe beneath her grasp, presents one of those combinations of moral determination and pbysical power that we only associate with the zwful heroines of a pre-historical age. et us, before we conclude, express on,e hope-namely, that the wonderful exhibition of histrionic power on the part of the actress ill not causo the audience to overlook the.high merits of the author, or to regard his powerfully. constructed scenes andhisnobly concise language as mere means to a theatrical end. The London public has never witnessed a tragedy constructed with stch uncompromising severity. The French classical writers invariably had recourse to confidants, who merely existed for the purpose of beig talked to; the Greeks could not always get on without the aid of some long-winded pedagogue or messenger*; but here thc whole action is carried on by four speakers only, every one of whom is an essential figure in the plot; and yet there is not a weak scene throughmut.
ORCHESTRAL UNION. The last concert of the above society, whose admirable performances have hitherto been left unnoticed this season, not for want of vill, but for want of space, attracted a large assemblage of connoisseurs and amateurs of music to the flanover-square Rooms on Saturday afternoon. The pro. gramme is subjoined PART 1. Overture-" Euryanthe .Weber. Canzonet- Sbe nevertold her love" .. lyaydn. Serenade-Pianofortc .. .. .. eNudelssolm. Iccit. and Axia (DODGiovannil .. . orert. Overture-` Merry Wives of Windsor" .. 0. R Horley. PART IL GrandChor. Smaphony .Beethoven. Conductor, 11r. Alied tMellon. The introduetion forthe first time of Beethoven's 9th Symphony distinguishes this concert from any other that has been given by the Orchestral Union since it was fir,t instituted. It was a bold step to attempt so colossal a work ith an orchestra of o0 performners; hut the result showed that it had n,ot been undertaken without due consideration and a sufficient number of careful rehearsals. All our musical readers must remembertbatin the firstseason of theNew Philharmonic Society the Choral SymprEhony was given under the direction of AL Berlioz, and that this performance was justly pronounced the best that had ever been heard of Beethoven's Last and greatest contribution to the orchestra. When we state, then, that on Saturday, notwithstanding the serious disparity of numbers, the execution was clearer, more strict in the observance of details, and, consequently, more generally effective, we are aware that we are paying a high compliment to Mr. Alfred Mellon and his orchestra. But there is no reason whatever why the trutn should be suppressed; and since Mr. MIellon is an English mnsician, and a large majority of his players are English, we have the greater pleasure in recording that the finest performance of thaeChornl Symphony to which wve have ever listened was on the present occasion. Thebandof theOrchestral Unioniscom-parativey small, assuming the Conservatoire and Philharnonic standards to be correct; buteverymember is competent, and ten more stringed instruments would exactly realise the number of Beethoven's nodeL These ten must be added. The chorus on Saturday was not large, bat quite large enough for theHanover-square Rooms, more especially as there were no " black sheep" in the ranks-none whose hesitation or incorrect singing could niitate against the steady efforts of their comrades. The solo quartet consisted of Mademoiselle Xrall, Miss Dolby, Mr. Montem Smith, and Mr. W"T. Wynn, who not only- sang the difficult music allotted to them extremely well, but, owing to the careful manner in which the conductor kept the accomXpaniments subdued, wsere audible throughout-a proof, if proof be wanting, that Beethoven, when writing the choral parts of his symphony, did not (asrmany think who are disinclined to take more than ordinary trouble in preparing a great work) saisScalczdate his effcts. The result was altogether most gratifying. The audience paid marked attention to the symphony, and seemed to become more and more interested as it progressed. After every movement there was a burst of genuine applause, and at the conclusion 'Mr. Mellon was unanimously summoned forward and applauded by the whlole room. Miss ArabeHa Goddard has almady essayed Mendelssohn's brilliant serenade in public-at her own concert two Sears ago. Sheplayed it admirably then, but still hotter now. The opening romance in B minor, an exouisitely melodious movement; was given with a trulyrefined and unaffected expression; and the impetuous allcg,ro giojowo in D) (we can recall no other instance, by the way, of Mendelssohn's b=eginning a piece in one key and ending it in another) with a spirit, rapidity, delicacy of touch, and unfailing neatness of execution impossible to surpass. Mechanism and style, in short, were a like irreproachable in this performance, and MIiss Goddard auitted the orchestra amid enthusiastic and well-merited applause. The overture to Eurqantde, and that of Mr. C. Horsley to the Xcrry lVirces of Windsor, a clever and ingeniouis work, were both capitally executed. The last was conducted by the composer limiself, who was warmly received. Mademoiselle Krall sang " Non mi dir" remnarkably well, and Miss Dolby was deservedly encored in " She never told her love," for -which Mr. Mellon had writtei orchestral accompaniments, but vhiieh we prefer with the pianoforte, as the composer intended. By this concert the Orchestral Union-already previously established in the good opinion of the musical public-has placed itself on a level with tlie first societies.
JI. LEVASSOR. By a "Concert Boufib," given aqa the KIanover-square Rooms, this most genial and original of comic artists has manifested his presence in London, again delighting the British public with his inimital:le description of Robert le Diable, and his survey of modern dances, so rich in choregraphic iUustration. A professorial lecture on the three kingdoms-animal, vegetable, and mincral-delivered by a sarant with a cold in his head, is a new additioui to his budget, and creates roars of laughter from two distinct causes,-that is to say, as a burlesque on scientific charlatanism, and as an exquisite impersonation of a man who, wishing to address a large assembly, is in a constant struggle with his own tendency to sneeze. :No artist is more happy in ecpressing a great deal by the slightest facial movement than Id. Levassor, and his fight with the sneeze is really a grand achievement. Now the enemy takes him by suirprise, and he is thrsawn off his guard; now he meets it half way, now he chechs it before it can assert itself in any way beyond a twitch of the nasal mnscles, and then his look of satisfaction is sublime. But the most important of all his novelties is a coliC scene, recently produced at Paris, with the title Les D>scx A c-4 s. Costumed as a blind mendicant, with an ill-spelt inscription about his neck, a trombone under his arm. and an aged countenance, in which it is difficult to recognize the vivacious vocalist who has just sung with so much youthful buoyancy, he takes his seat on a chlair, supposed to stand on one of the Paris bridges, and, finding himself alone, quietly opens his eyes. This sudden revelation of the fact that the veteran who looked so respectable in his irfirmity is an impudent impostor after all is ludicrousin the extreme. When for some Ininutes he has played his trombono with the most solemn gravity another blihnd nendicanit, represented by IT. Jules Lefort, makes his appearance, armed with a guitar. The scenD that now ensues is. of course, an illustration of tho proverbial disagrcement between two of a trade, and is carried on partly in song, and partly in dialogue. ench of the contending individuals attempting to browbeat or overreach his adversary, withont betraying tbe falsity of his own blindness, or suspecting that his rival can see as well as himself. At last, as both chance to open their eyes at the same moment, they discover that they are ancient foes, and the scene terminates amid increased wrath. -A squabble, whether real or fictitious, is alu-ays amusing to the lookers-on,. when conducted with spirit, but a particular charm is given to this mendicant duel by the admirable manner inLvhich the characters are distinguishied. IA. Jules Lefort is the younger beggar, with a somewhat romantic beard, and plays on his guitar with a poetical air; AL TLevassor, on the other hand, is the close-shaven respectable mendicant-theveteran whom long-continued imposture has adorned with a certain anount of intellectual weight, the man of the world, who is master of himself, even whea in a rage, and can take a calm, deliberate viewv of life in generat There is, moreover, a solidity in his trombone, and well is he aware of it, as he shows, when, putting on an air of cool triumphs, he drowns with its ponderous tones the tinklings of the adverse instrument. M. Jules Lefort, who appears as the assistant of M. Lexassor, is a very clever -singer of French roniances, possessed of an excelent voice, which he uses with a great deal of eloquent expression. A description of a balloon-voyage, set to most characteristic music, is sung bv bim with a stron'g feeling for the poetical significance of the words, I nd the audience, thus being raised into the sbl'oime, are well prepared for a leap into the ridiculous, when MI. Levassor comes forward, and to precisely the same tune sings a ludicrous acconnt of another "1 voyage aerien," in which bhe feelings are of the most prosaic kinL
WVILLS ANrD ADMINISTPATION BILL. TO THE EDITOR OE THE TIMIES. Sir,-In Z7w Tintes of yesterday the Solicitor-General is ieported as stating amongotber facts, on movinogthe second reading of this bl,-"Tt wounld be necessary to provide for the custody of the whole body of wills by the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, for he had been told by Mr. Moore it vould be impossible to renew the Jease, and the state of these important documents was perilous." The Solicitor-General cannot rigbtly have undeDrstood Mr. I Moore, or your reporter cannot have corlectly reported that which the Solicitor-General did say. On the 13th of last month I wrote to Mr. Moore's solicitor, offering on lease for a term of 21 years the Prerogativeoffice and premises adjoining. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant- - liARRAP Solicitoi to the fTitees of srno1J's Chality. Docto&- commons Juane 28.
PAPLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF LORDS. Mo'N-iY. Jvux 3O. ORD.r,S OF TnE DAY AEXD VOTICr1 afnlrSiptcy icotnana) Bui lAnenOmuet8),-Thirdtreaing. Lord Somerhill,-To askwhether the sim of 500 lately subaenbed by the Chairman of Directors of the East India Company in aid of the sufferers by munudations in hrnee has been supplied by iroprietors of East India Stock or has been taken from the public revenues of Her ALijesty's possedssous in India; and, in the latter case, whether subscriptions, grants, or gratuities, not exceeding £00, taken from Indi;a revenues are snbject to the control of ParlUament or of Her Majesty's Geovernment, or nre ruiSted by any fixed regulation. JnScCompaniesBill Amedments)-Thir reading. Stock in Trade Esemption Bill-Second reading. nnuities' Rledlemnption BDIl-Third reading. Industrial and Provident Societies Bill,-lThird readling. Seamen's Savings-banks BD1l-Third reading. Snrvey of tireat Britain, &-c,BiD,.- Sceond reading. 1O;CSE 01F COMIMONS. 21O-.\ iY, JuNE 30. OnmrEI5s OF TlE DAY. Supply,-Committee. Grane Jury Assessments (Ireland) Bill,-Third reading. Burialground(s (Ireland) Bill. Committee. Exchequer-bils (,.O0.tO,CO ) Bll.,-Third reading. Church Building Commission Bill.-Committee. Corrupt Practices Prevention BPiI.-Seceudreading. Mercantile Law Amendment BiD,-Second reading. Mercantile Law (Scotland) AmendmentBiL-Committce. Vice-President of Committee of Coiicil on Education BIU,-Second reading. Partnership Amenidment (No. 2) Bill.-Committee. Leases and Sales of Settled Fstates BiDl,-Second reading. MEedical Profession Bill.-Committee. Pions (Ireland) Bill.-Committee. Appellate Jurisdiction (House 0o Lords),-Second reading. Baniruptcy and Insidvency (Ireland) (Salaries, kc.),-Committee thiercupon. Poor Law (Ireland ) B milelnourned debate on second reading Inatona Gasery Site Bill.a-Seondreadrng. Esnioage (Ireland) Bi,n-Thirda readineg. Parochial Schools (Scotland) BiU-Asamnended, to be considered Metropols Lnem Management fct Amendment (No. 2) cillaCommittee. MIarriage Law (Scotland) Amendment Biil,-Coinaitt.ce. WVays and Melans,- Committee. Ilntestates' Peronal Estates Bill,-Third reading. Vacination Bill.-Conunittee. Poor Law Amendiment (Scotland) Bill-Tcird reading. Oxford College Estate4 Bili,-Second reading. Distillation from Bice Bill.- Scond reading Dulblin lJniversity Biln, -Second readmng. Ads-owsoes BDL.-Committce. Dis-enters' MarriaesBill.- Third reading. Judges and Chincellors llilL-Committee. M;r. Hamilton,-To ask the Secretary of the Treasury whether he has any objection to lay onthe table of the house a copy of all t.nder, and ort r.l correspo ndence relating thereto, for the Australian postal service. Mr. Dav-isou.-To ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether any particular time has been yet fixed for the disembodiwsent of the Irish miltia, SIr. Bobsartes.-To inquire of the Under-Secretary for War why the Second Coiwallt iles are not included in the list of militia regiments vwhich volunbteered for fore`gn service during the latc war,, as the officers and men of that regajent unanimously expressed their readiness to serve Her bajesty wherever they could be of ue. Mfr. James St'Gregor.-To ask whether the Government are preparedto connmunicato to the House the correpondenec respectiog the relations between this country and Greece which has taken place subsequently to tht already laid before Parliament, extending to May, 1851. Mr. Gregson.-To ask the First Lord of the Treasury wlhether it is in the contemplation of the Government to propose any plan for the retirement of b:sbops on pensions similar to the arrangements for colonial Bishois, Lord Chaucellors Judges, and ainisters of State. Mr. Ktinnairu,-That, in the opinion of this House it is not expe(ient that any person in the service of the Crowrn shal henceforwarrd rive, or a&thorize to ba given, to any member of this House uay remuneration for profe sional or otlier ser-ices rendered to the Govrnament in relatioa to any bill or proxeedings in Parliament. Mr. ITL Chambers.-Address for retura in detail, of the total amount of the e.penncs incurred in the Ro3oal Arenrsl at Woolwich in the preparation of the fireworks for the Celebration of the peae, including the cost of materias, 'workmen's wages, and all exp-iments connected therewili. Mr. Grogau,-Address for return of the ttal number of officera and men in the army 'who have heen iiled in the Crimea; Lil-o retum of the tnumberrvounded ; And, return of the total number of horses belonging to the cavalr in the Crimea which have been killed, and the tdtl number which bave died from other causes, up tothe 1st day of Jnne, 3856, (in continuation of Parliamentary paper No. 201 of sersion IS5-5 l Mr. Pecl.-Bill to suspert the making of lists and thelballots for the nilitia of the united kiuigion. Mr. masaey,-Bill to continue certain Turpike Acts in Great Britain. MIr. W'ilron,-Eeesin:g Clviv Service Estimates (in Committee of Sup~~~~~~~~.ly),~o upl) M Ir. Peel ,-illiiitia Est'imnates (in C'omlmittee of Supply). lSir. MIoore.-Ou going into Committee of Sunpp'y, that the conluct of H3er-Majesty'sGovernment in the differences that have arisen betwecen them a nd the C:overmment of the United States on the question of enlistment has not entitled them to the approbation of this Houise. Colosel Duaae,-To a'sk the intentions of thc Government as to advising HIer Majesy to grant compensation to the army engaged in the siege for stores. &c*, taksen in Sebastopol. htIr. Rieb,-To as' the Under-Secretary for {War if it iq the intention of the Govemment to conti.nue tbe present charge of £155 a-year for the education of the sons of civilians at the Roy.sl X;ilitaryCollege. vrhen,as appears by the supplementaryAry 3stinnate,the total costof a cadet does not exceed ff55 a-year. Captain Leicester Vernon.-On militia estimates, to inquire of the IJi7der-Secretiry for War wrhether it is intended as a rule of promotion in the scientile corps of the ammY that no subaltern officer, howvcver he may bave distinguished himself in that rank. can be ads-ancea to a brevet majority mtil he shall have again subsequently distingiushed hinself in the rink of captain; and to cal attention to the inexpediency of melt a regulation. Mr. Serjeant O'lBricn,-To cal the attention of the Hoose to the case of the late paymasters of constabulary in Ireland. and to the coinsensation allowed to thema on the abolition of their office,
ThE Nxo-.\AL GALEny.-A document has just been printed by order of the House of Lords of the pictures in the National Gallery which have been exhibited, but do not now forn part of such exhibition; as also of the number of pictures bequeathed to or given, which are not now exhibited in the National Gallery. There are two pictures" leda," by M-. P. F. iUola, and "Serena, rescued by the Red Cross Knight Sir Calepine," by MIr. W. Eiltonwhich do not IIow form part of the exhibition. Both the pictures are damaged. The auimber of pictures bequeathed, or given to, or for the benefit of the nation which are not exhibited in the National Gallery, is 34. There are 362 pictures independently of drawings bequeathed to the nation by the late J. M. W. Turner, P.A. By the new act, noticed in Vec Times of Saturday, power is given to the trustees to dispose of pictures left to the nation which are not selected for exhibi.,ion. TES PARnioTic Fu-D.-i'-From a return to the House of Lords, lately issued, it appears that the sutaicontributed by the colonies and dependencies of the British Crown in aid of the Patriotic Fund from the 24th of July, 1855, is, 253132l.15g. 10d. [forthersuTos are expected frown tbe ;Qlonies, but it is imnptnsible to estimate thte amotmt.
THE NATIONAL GALLERY. TO TIHE EFDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It appears to me that among the argumcents in favour of retaining the national pictures in their present. excellent, because most convenment and central, site is the fact that since steam furnaces have been obliged to consume iheir smokc the atmuosphere is very much clearer and parer than it owas a few years ago, particulnrly in the vicinity of the river. A pleassig and strong confirmation of this may be witnessed in the Temple-gardens, where rose trees, which, asu the gardener assured me, have not bloomed for 20 years, arenow in Sower, and many other plants exhibit the vigour health of thosc in country gardens. I am, kSir, your obedient servant, C. }.. -WELD. Somerset-honse, June 28.
THE AusmA:Nr MAi.-The important subjocb. to which we adverted last week, the postal and passenger service between this country and the Australian colonies, has been brought to a practical conclusion in the course of. the -oresent wveek by the acceptance of a tender made by a powerful and respectable compary in Glasgow for the establishnment of a line of large steawers from Southampton. to Alexandria and from Suez by way of P(.int eic Ga.ile aud round Cape Levin to Melbourne and Sydney, performing. the passage monthly each way. In conMexioni with this ^ervice, of course amail through France, iitt Miarseilles, will be made up. Tie timne stipulated for i., fronkSouthampton. to .lexandrial2days and12hours, andto Suezldays; the time from Suez to -Melbourn oultvard 39 days, and frouL Melbourne to Suez homeward 3 5 days; so that, adding seven days for the journey through France, we shall have a postal and passenger service fromn London to Melbournie in 4G days, and fiom Melbourne to London in 42 days. Alowing four days(includingstoppageat.MLelbourne) each way more forSydney, the tine occupied will be 50 days outward and4(0 days homeward. The first boat to be employed in this service will sail from Southampton with passengers and a. snail in October, and will arrive at Melbourne in time to, commence the re-ular service to Suez is Januarv; the second boat will leave Kouthamptorn in November, the third in. December, and the fourth in January, all anrivinF in time to continue the service from Syducy and ;uelbourne, 3monthly, in regular succession after January. The first mail wil leave this country direct in the nmonth of Febrnary to arrive at Suez in time to be carried on by the January boat arriving from Melbourne, and in time asho to bring back the Australian mails brought by that boat. It is to behoped that an arrangement will be made by wYhich this new overland service vdll leave this country at dates intermediate with the present India mails, so that at. least as far as Point do Gale we shall have tho advantage of an additional mail every month to those which we now have; and we trust that it may be found practicable, to put on branch steamers from I'oint de Galle to Calcutta in connexion with this line, so that the additional monthly snail may be made available 'or india. The sumn to be pa:d for this service to the co-npany undertaking it isno less than 185,0001. a-year-one-hall of whiclh will be contributed by the colonies. This seems a very large sub.sidy, and can only be justified, first, by the great urgetcy of the service; and next, that the companywhich has been fortunatc tnough to obtain the contract were not only prepared t- commence it sooner than any other of the candidute.,'t but that they undertook to perform it quicker by several days, and that they gave the best assurance for tlee due perfornance of the service by unreservedly adopting the penalties which are made to apply to any failure in point of time. Ritherto penalties have been little better than a farce, because they have rarely been enforced; and 'vhare any discretion or doubt is left in such cases it is ilain that they will seldoii be acted upon. In the present instance the penalties will apply, front whatever cause delay niay arise. 'Time in no case more forcibly than with regard to postal arrangements can be said to he money: if the time proposed is faithfully kept, thc publicwill not begrudge the pricetohbe paid: if, on the other band, time is IoSt5 the cosrt t the public srill be reduced. So, on the other han d, no stronger inducensent could be held out to the comepany undertakin]g the service to sparc no cost in order to maitain the ternms of their contract thau the certainty of a large reduction in their subsidy in the event of delay, which money they will rather be indaiced to spend in order to prevent it. On the other hand, too, the Government proposes to give an additional sub-idy of 301. for every day within the stipulated tihe in which the Eerviceistobe performed. There is therefore, by this arrangement, rnot only the strongest indlucement held out to avoid a breach of the contract by loss of timue, but also to shorten tho time, should improvements in the construction of steanboats makc that Doesible. We learn that already there is in contemplation i plan of connecting Point do Galle bv telegraph, throngh the Indian system, with this cuutry, so that when that shall be acoomplished it will be possible to sen d aesacerc from London to Mlelbourne by telegraph to Point do Galle, and thence by steamboat, end receive a reply in ab>out ifty days.- 7cOimornMi.S,-
J!02 lY-MABRBTand CITY INTLLLIGENCO. Satutday Evening. The English funmds opened steadily this mornitg at an improvement of an eighth ou the advanced prices of yesterday, and subsequently exDerienced a =further ise, the market generally manifesLting much irmness, stimulated by the favourable weather for the crops and the tendency to reco very on the Patis Bourse. Consols were first quoted 9a5 to -1, and they left off at 95l to 1. The business of the day chiefly consisted of speculative purchases. BanL Stock closed 217 to 218; Reduced, 95af to .3i; Newv l'hree per Cents., 96;~ Exchequer-bonds, 991 to 100; and India-boonds and E:xchequer-bills, 12s. to 15s. premium1. In the discount-market this morn ing, owing to the paymtent of the instalment of 1,000,000 . on Consol Scrip>, there was 3 fair demiand; but it was supplied chiefly at rates below those of the Bank of En3gland, andthe applications at that establishment were few. In the Stock-Exchanlge the requirements caused by the settlement of the share account were occasionalIy heavy, but they were abundantly met at the current ternias. Foreign securities have been supported, but the 4operations were not extensive. TI`urkish, Buenos Ayres, and Russian were those which principally exhibited activity, purchases having generally increased. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, were negotiated at 10o, 105}s, and IUl0i;; the Four per Cents. GuaranteedI, for the account, lOG1. The -other business included-B3uenos A) rcs, for money, S2; for the account, 83; Danish Five per Cents; 103 ; Granada, New Active, 20; Guattemala, 43; 3e.xican, 23; Peruvian, for account, SO; the Three per Cents., 50(; Russian.Five per Cents, II o the Four-and-a-Haif per Cents., 100; Sardinian YFive per Cents., for money, 92; and 92; for the accoint, 93 and 921;SpanishNew Deferred, 25g and i; and Venezuela, 30. The final qulotatiosi of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 7 lf. 65c. for the end of the month, showing a further recovery of three-eighths per cent. Abouit 15,090!. in gold was sent to Paris to-day. The rate of exchange has fallen witlhin the last week or two, but not to a point that woould render specie remittances profitable as a distinct transaction. Short bills on Paris were scarce esterday, and the present shipment has most pi obably been to pay for some of the purchases recently muade here of FrenchRentes. The prospectuses have been issued to-day of three new undertakings:-The Thames Steanmtug and IDahterage Comnpany, with a capital of 200,000l.; the Indian MIercantile Agency, 'with a canitaLl of 1,000,0001. ; and the Societe Parisiemic for supplying English Coals to Paris and the Maritime Conveyance of Goods, with a capital of 800,000. The object of the Thames Steamtug and LighteraDe Company is to improve that portion of the goods tratlic on the river which, notwithstanding its growth during the last 30 years, is still conducted without the aid of steam and left dependent upon -the tides. Liglht-dranght iron steamers are to be construLcted for the rapid conveyance of suitable cargoes, and also tugboats for the to wage of barges aud craft. An agreement has been made wvvith Messrs. Keen and Blake to act as managers, and likew-ise for the transfer of their business to the company. The intention is to commence with a comparatively small fleet, and to increase it as may be found desirable. This plani is the proper one in all projects of the kind, and, wvhile it is certain that the undertaking is calculated to prove of great importance to the trade of the port of London, there is good reason to hope that its pecuniary results will be such as to lead to a constant expansion of its oDerations. The Indian ZMercantile Agency proposes to assist 'in meetingfl the denuand for British capital to be persuaneLtly employed in India. The mode of employmient contemplated is by advances upon goods and raw produce. At the same time agency business of .all kinds will be undertaken at the principal ports, and brancees will be opened at some of the chief marts of the interior, wrhich will facilitate the introduction and sale of British manufactures and also the ptirchase of native products. The question whether these ftunctions can be performed more safely and advantageously by a company than by private individuals or firms is one on which dlitlerence of opinion wvill prevail. Success must depend entirely on management, and therefore the diRposition of the pu'blic to subscribe must depend upon their faith in the prudence and experience of its directors and officers. The Societe Parisienne seems to be supported by northern coalowners. Its object is to take advantage of the modifications recently introduced by the French Government in respect to the importation of coal by establishing a fleet of screw propelless adapted to the navigation of the Seine, u-hich will proceed from the coal ports of England direct to Paris. The fleet is to consit of 20 vessels, to carry 800 tons each ; and it is assumed that, in addition to the profits of their outward freight, a considerable revenue will be derived from return cargocs. The railway meetings of the week have presented few facts of interest. The shareholders of the ;N!orth-W1estern Company have approved the bi2l to enable the directors to sell or grant a lease of the line, or amalgamate with the MIidland ..nd the Laneaster and Carlisle railways, or one of them. The shareholders of the Oswestry and Newtown1 ailway have approved a bill for the construction of a line from Shrewsbury to Welshpool. At the meeting of the Metropolitan Railway tle bill to enable the comupany t.o mia-e a branch from tlhe proposed main line to the Great Northern was agreed to. The dlividend declared at the Dutch Ithenish ineetlug was 211., or 3s. 4d. per share, making, with 4s. alreadly distributed, a total of 7s. 4d. per share for -The year. The results of traffic are satisfactory, and t is anticipated that they w-ill further improve -when a junction w;ith the Prussian line sh3all lave been eff'ected. The shareholder of the Aberdeen Company have sanctioned the application to Parliament for a branch line from Perth to Methuen. The report of the Namur and Liege and MAons and iMIanage Company has been adopted. It is stated that proposals for leasing the line have been received from more than one source, but that the terms cannot at present be disclosed. The arrivals of gold this wyeelk have not much exceeded 200,0001. The exports have been nearly limited to a small sum to Paris. The annexed informrtion with regard to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Aiinfug J'aur-al .- " There has not been much change to report in the aspect of the mining-market this week. A fair amount of business has been doing, without any material alteration in prices -except in a few heavy shares, which have been flat. At *West Caradon meeting the accounts showed a balance in favonr of adventurers of 1,2111. At St. Arstell Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 9491. At Wheal Charlotte meeting the accoulnts showed a balance -against adventurers of 1941. At Great Wheal Alfrrd meeting tlhe accounts showed a balance against adventurers of SW; a call of 3s. Gd. per share made. At Vhcal Guskus meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,9911.; a call of 2s. 6d. per sbare was nmade. At Cabert United neeting the accounts showved a bMancec a-ainst adventurers of 3081.; a cal of Is. Gd. per share was made. At Union Tinn mceting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 481.; a caU of 5s. per share was made. At Berriow Consols Ynecting the accounts salowed a balance against adventurers of 17s. ; a call of 11. per share vas made. At Wheal Jane (Kea) meeting the accc.unts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1a0I. At Wheal Agar meeting the accounts showed a halancll in ifavour of the mine. of 3841. ; a call of 5s. per share 'was made. At Slerllyn meeting the accotunts showed a balance of 4071. against the mine; a call of 2s. Gd. per share was made. At Northt Towy meeting the accounts shov.-ed a ba. lance against the adventurers of 1m1L; a call of 2s. per share was n:ade. At Garreg meeting the accounts showeia balance of 2151. against the mine; a call of 2s. per share was made. At Tavy Consols mecting the accounts showed a balance against the Lnine of 4321. At WYest Polberro meeting the accounts shov-ed a balance against the mine of 1,3201.; a call of 2s. 6d. per sbare was made. At West Iar Consols meeting the accounts showed a balanceof 30-.; Sa call of Is. pershare was made. At Wheal Zion meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 7031.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Devon Burrs Burrs meeting thc accounts showed a balance of 931.; a call of s. per share was made." With respect to foreign mini g, the following is the only paragraph of interest " At the Liberty meeting the accounts showed a balance .gainst the mine of $10,503. The financial statement showed a balance at bankers' of 901. The principal feature of the meeting was the report on the Vauchlse Aine. In order to carry out future operations, and pay the reinaining debts at the mine, it was resolved to isse 25,000 additional shares at $s. Gd. each. At Eort Boven meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of company of 1,8071. a resolution proposed for raising additional capital for the purpowe of working the mines by water power instead of steam, was negatived. The Linares Company have de- clared a dividend of Bs. per share. The directors have ad,vices to June 16. The managers calculated upon raising 400 tons 6f ore for June, and are.emnplo5ing 189 men in the asrious tutwork and tribute bargains." The leather trade during the past week has showni remarkable animation, andc a further advance is established upon all desriptions. Stocks of many articles are uearly exhausted, and the recent re- vival of the demand for boots and shoes for Ausfralia bas imparted a degrTee of adcivity greater than has been witnel-sed for a long period.
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Satartly Evening. The railway-market was influenced to-day by the arranigement of the account, and prices in some cases experienced a further considerable improvement. The average advance was from 11. to 31. per share, which, however, was scarcely maintained to the close. Great Western openedwith firmness and rose to 6CA, but this quotation was not supported, the final one being 63 to 63i. The transactions were extensive in London and North-Western, South-Western, Mlanchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire, North-Eastern, and South-Eastern. French and Belgian shares were rather firmer, and Indian descriptions attracted greater attention. North of Europe Steam advanced to par. The shares of the Australian land and banking companies have exchibited steadiness, but fewv transactions took place in those connected with miscellaneous adventure3. Ottoman Bank left off 2W to j pm.; Bank of Egypt, { to 10 pm.; W estem oL London, i dis. to .Ji pm.; lNational Discount, i to A, pm.; Euphrates Vaalley, f to i pmn.; Ceylon, 2 to 1 pm ; Lombardo-Venetian, 6gto 7 pm.; and Riga&&ail'a,V 3* to & pm.
TRADE REPORT. Saturday Evening. TALLOw.-The market is fat at 47s. on the spot, ana 47s. 6d. for delivery in the last three taonths. The delivery is 1,740 casks, and arrival 1,518. ROYAL COLLEGE OF SurGEOwS.-Thd following gentlemen having undergone the necessary exaaminations for the diploma were admitted members of the college at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 27th inst :-3essrs. Cornelius Hall, Henfield, Sussex; John Howard Woodforde, Great Titchfield-street; Jospeh Mortimer Granville, Bristol; Howard Sidney Chavasse, Bull-street, Bnmineham- Wfilliam IEoehe Rice, Abbeyodooney, Tralee; Charles 4eken Elwin, Broad-street-buildingS, city; Cornelius Edwin Garman, Bow, MiddlesexPh%neas John Kindrick, Birmingham; Henry Alexander 3PCombie, Hon. East India Company's service, Bombay; Frederick- Abercrombie Hope IRobson, Kensington- Francis Madden. Pointspass. Ireland; David Davies, h"nrwst, lNeoth Wales; and John Hughlings Jackson, Green Hanmectn,'Yorksbire.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, Tu.-z 26. The cloth-market continues to exhibit the symptoms of improvement noticed on Tuesdav, with a slightly increased firmness on the part of sellers. 'The demand is not large for any particuuar mirket, but it is rather of a general character; and the easier state of the money-market, with a growing confidence araong all classes of commercial men, I contrbutes to a healthier tone of business. The margin between the price of cotton and that of manufactures is still too narrow to admit of so remunerative a trade as ceild be desired, but produceg are in a better position this weekthanu for some time past. Domestics are in a very unsatisfactory I position as regards prices, but some descriptions are going. Cff better, givingpromise of an improvement in value, and goods suitable for the Levant ire more inquired for. lu printing-cloths there is a moderate demand, with steady prices. In 36-inch shirtings a moderate trade is reported, at steady rates, and 40-inch shirtings are selling at fall prices. For yarns spinners have been able to maintain the advance obtained on Tuesday, which in some cases is reported at ,'d. per lb. above the rates of last week; and, although tie amount of business is not extensive, it has been suficiently important to give an appearance of comparative activity to the trade, the buyers both for home consumption andfor export operating with more freedom. BIRMDNGHAM, JUNX 28. The accounts given of the iron trade at the meetng held at Stewponey on Thursday had the effect of dissipating those mnfavourble apprehensions entertained a fortnight previously, and, as stated in 27ie Times of this morning, last quarter's quotations werefirndly maintained. The demandfor best iron continues good, but that for second-classs and inferior makes is by no means abundant. The state of the money-market for the last few months has operated prejdiciy against the extension of business, while the slackness of orders from the United States, which are generally most numerous at this period of the year, has rendered ifins usually largely engaged in this trade comparatively -dull and inactive. There are, however, now goad orders on hand for bars for the North American market, and in August, should no untoward event occur to mar present prospects, a good Transatlantic trade is confidently preoicted. Already speculation is afloat as to the quantity of South Staffordshire iroR which will be required in the construction of railways in the north of Europe; and some persons indulge in moBt extravagant calculations. The stocks of mine pigs continue low; some large sales have been recently effected, and prices may be quoted at from 4l. to 41.10Os. per ton. In some of the old parts of the mcining districts the coal tade is dull, and little amendment can be expected during the summer w eather. The new mines, however, on Cannook are in full operation, and produce dailyimmense quantities of first-rate quality for household use. In the iron districts, or at least in some of them, the collieries are not doing full work, it being thought better to do less work than reduce the price of coaL The exports of articles in which the manufacturers and merchants of Birmingham are more particularly interested arel month by month improving, as evidenced by the Board of Trade returns, and this, too, in spite of our differences with the United States. Appearances at tho present time are still more encourang. The Australian trade withlthis town is decidedly recovering from its late depression, and bonafide orders, with cash, are arriving pretty freely. The German houses in the town represent the trade with the continent us only just beginnuig; but, judging from the quantities of goods which have already been exported, and the commissions open, the summer will witness a great trade with Germany and the northern States. The Canadian orders are good. The chief staple manufacture of this town-the brass foundry business-has this week been disturbed in its progressive course by a sudden and unexpected decline in the piof copper. The faU declared is 181. 10s. Selected rM 1291. to 1101. 10s., and tough cake from 1261. to 1071. lOs.; being at the rate of 2d. per lb. It is scarcely to be expected that, for the present at least, any alteration of discouots will take place in the brassfounders' or factors' lists. There is reason to hope, however, that ultimately .the fall in the price of copper, if it be only maintained, of which some persons entertain doubts, will lead to a great extension of Birmingham manufactures, and enable us the more successfully to compete with foreign manufacturers in the continental marLet. The manufacturing businesses of Birmingham are usually quiet about midsummer, and more particularly just previous to the occurrence of ironmasters' quarter-day orders by factors arenot freely given out to the manufacturers, but postponed until after th.e ensuing day of settlement. Taken as whole, the hardware t,rades generally may be said to be healthy, and, considering the season of the year, many of them are active. Some branches-such as the brass and pearl button manufactures-are depressed, but we understand that for the first of these articles good orders are expected from the EastIndiaCompany, and those now inhand for the colonies are very considerable. The scale-making business is thriving, as evidenced by recent extensivo additions to large establishments in which for years it has been successfully carried on. The commoner branches are not active, butfor the best descriptions of workthe demand ismuch better than it was at this period of last year. We last week mentioned that the glass enamel manufacture was at present mnore than ever extensively employed in the coating of firstclass hollow wares. Very large orders are in hand for public companies, and those from the factors for the general home-market are upon the increase. The ornamental glass manufactures, such as chandeliers and listres, are improving, and exportations for the Mediterranean trade have been far better, considering late circumstances, than could reasonably have been expected. The table glass trade is at a low ebb, but windowv glass is in bettr demand. The edged tool manufacturers continue active,buttheagriculturalimplement makers have scarcely beenso busy. Cooper utensils for sugar making in South America and thellest Indies are in considerable request. Large orders for planters' tools have also been received. In the Birmingham District Court of Bankraptcy, onl Thursday last, Mr. Commissioner Balguy, after delivering a judgment of some length, gave lr. Greene, the late banler of Lichfield, a second- class certificate, but suspended it for one year with protection. His Honour stated that he did not think Mr. Greene had been guilty of anv dishonest or dishonourable acts, although he considered that he ought to have stopped in 1850, when he knew he was hopelessly insolvent, and not continued to have lived at the rate of 2,%0oo. a-year, which he did for five years subsequently. The state of trade in Redditch, lKidderminster, Bromsgrove, and Coventry has undergone little change. NOTTINGHAM, JsmE 28. A good sprinkling of buyers have visited our warehouses this week to make purchases for the home summer trade, and, their selections having been considerable, we conclude that during the recent stocktaking they have discovered that their supplies are low. SeveralCanadians andGermianbuyers also are operating. Consequently, during the 'week, a large amount of busiaess has been done. The ddnandforplainnets is still considerable, and will continue largo so long as the existing fine summer weather is continued. Immense quantities of this article are now used for bonnet lining and curtains, as well as for other purposes. Silk edgings and blonde laces also are still greatly in request. We are happy to learn that the Americans, by their agents, continue to purchase considerable quantities of goods, particularly of plain nets. Although we have to report no material change in the condition of the hosiery trade, there is a little betterfeeling in the market, on account of increased orders for the home supply, and the lowered rates of discounts. Spinners,too, seem disposed to make concessions by lowering their prices to such a rate as, al things considered, will give them more stability, and create a feeling of confidence as to their remaining the same. Altogether the advance in yarns from the lowest point is very considerable, not less than from 25 to.30 per cent. since January last; yet, considering that spinners were undoubtedly losing money at that time, and that cotton has advanced fully 15 per cent. since then, it is not uinreasonable to suppose that prices will continue steady for some time to come. The difficulty now will be for manulfacturers to realize the advance, which between this and September they certainly cannot fail to do. Theprospectsof the market for hosiery are good. A revived demand is reported in Australia, and a good trade is anticipated with the United States and Canada, so that on the whole we may look forward with confidence to a more than average amount of business being done in the next nine months, especially if we have both money and food cheaper at home. Woollen yarns continue firm. Silk becomes dearer every week. MIerinos are stationary, at former rates. LEICESTER, Ju.NE 2$. There is very little alteration in the hosiery-trade. The orders for the United States are completed, and, as it is too early for the autumn orders for the home trade to be given out, many of tho branches are dulL At Hinckley and in the country districts trade continues dulL The wool market is rather firmer. Our annual -wool fair this week was well attended. There was more than an avera-e amount pitched, namely, 26,683 dLeeces, weighing 5,6J9 tods; the quantity sold was 5,611 teds; the highest price realized was 40s. per ted;- the low est price S3s., making an average of 3Gs. 3d. ,These prices are high, compared with those of last year. LE:EIS, Jutz 28. The woollen cloth trade has continued steady, but the amount of business in the warehouses has only been small, the representatives of some of the larger metropolitan and other houses, having purchased-cautiously. Nor are the shipping establishments doing much, but, the latest reports from America and Australia being of a moro favourable character, the export trade is expected to imprOve. The return of peace has already had some effect in extending business. 'The fne weather will, doubtless, -give rise to chc Tful hopes with respect to the harvest, and exercise a further beneficial infuence. I To-day's markets have been well attended; but the business transacted has scarcely been to the same extent as last week, though the difference is but slight, while the goods disposed of were nearly of the same description. A pretty confident opinion is entertained that more animation will be exhibited in the cloth-hals durnn the next month. No noticeable change has taken piace in the wool trade. A fair amount of business is doing in clothing wools, and prices are without alteration. The great bulk of the colomial wool purchased at the late sales in London is passing into the hands of the manufacturers for immediate consumption. A good deal of interest is felt as to the probible range at the forthcoming sales in the metropolis, at which it iS expected that upwards of 60,000 bales wil be offered. The reports of the Yorkshire wool fairs this week are as follows:- - " NORTHALLERTON, June 25.-A good, supply, bat a dull sale. Prices from Is. Id. to ls. 3d. per lb. " SCxny, June 28.-A small supply, which sold at-hogg, lS 6d. to 18s. 9d,; ewes, 16s. 6d. to 17s.; mLxed, 15s. to 16sj. pr141b. " June 26.-A large show and a numerous attendance. The very best descriptions of wool fetched as much as ls. anad 9s. 36d. per 1411b., and other sorts in, proper- The worsted trade at Bradrora and Halifax continues quiet, but within the last few days there bas been a little improvement in the demand for light fabrics for summer wear. DUBLIN, J1m 28 The tone of trade has been generaUy atiatactory, not. vitAAding hig prices The sugavuarlrko khii .rather.heavy,-but aninclination to easder rates in most of the other markets has, in some degree, encouraged demand, and, accordinigly, a little more animation has prevailed. Cattle and sheep were decidedly lower on Thursday, and, though the pronision-market did not yield to meet the views of buyers, a large nam'ces of sellers exhibited an aniety to cffect sales at late prices. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 15,2S9L~, against 22,973t. last week. BELFAST, JaxE 27.. 1DXN.-White goods suited to the markets beyond the Atlantic are in better request, and the orders by the last steamer evidence a more active feeling at the chief American seats of sale. Damask goods have been in brisk demand, and diapers meet ready sales. Brown markets were pretty well attended last week, and for some qualities high prices were marked. Yarns have had a good turn for the week. Spinners look out for higher prices, and the indications of markets seem favourable to their firmness. F.ax.-The supply much the same, with a brisk dermand at foll rates. The new crop of flax in this country, as well asin lHolland, looks well; aud, should the weather continue favourable, a large supply is expected. In foreignll ax there has been a dull trade. The quality of the recent arvals from Biga is favourably spoken of, and, were itnot for the supplies having come in quick succession, causing some holders to press sales, the market would wear a healthier appearance. CoTTroN.-The more favourable state of affairs -vith America has had a slight influence, but as yet no direct turn with respect to demand can be reported.
THE CORY TBADE. LIVERPOOL, JtmE 28. The returns of sales of Briitish wheat, as per "1Gazette, for the week ending the 21st inst.. are 105,387quarters at SSs.Id. per quarter; corresponding week 185, 83,925 qUUWrts at 6LBs 7d. per quarter; ditto, 1854 54,730 quarter, a6t 7Ts. 11d. Per quarter. Theweather has become very fine and warmn, and the cuttingof grass has coa_ menced very generally in this locality. At our Corn-Exchange pester. day there wnsa fair attendanxce of millers anid dealers, who, influenced by the fineness of the day, restricted their operations The general runs of Amnerican wheat declined a~bout 26. per busbel fromi Tuesaay. but fine qualities, from scarcity, were not to be bought iower. Flour Cd to Is. per barrel and sack easier. Indian corn, with a quziet demand, gave 'way 0x. to 96. per quarter on yrellow, and 9Otto be Doi quarter on -white. In oats, oatmeal, barley, beans, and peas no change wss observable. Continued fine weather to-day, and a quiet trade. KOTTINGH-AM, Jsurn 25. During the greter part of this week the weatherlea been fine and warm, and this change has told favourably upon the condition of general busines ; but there is a continuedI rise in the prices of grain. There was n. better supply of wheat at mnarket to-day, for which the grwiers asked qxtravsgant prices; but the milers boeght very cautiously at an advance of Is.,to 2s. Oats and beaus Is. dearer. The present quotations of wheatand flour in Kottiagliarm are as follow:WTheat, white. old, SO& to SS. per ldstone ; new, SDs.to S6s. ; redl, old, 74s. to Ms. ; 3new, 74s. toSis.; flour, super~,51s.toB2a.pcr 2D atcxone; fine, Ifs, to 56s. LEICEMTR, Ju-U.\ 23. We have been favoured with real summer weather, and the cropsr have greatly improved. Thereportsrespecttag tbe appearance of wheat from attost districis are favourable. In the neighbOurhoed of Mdelton Mowbray, wheat is lcoking remarkably promising. It is healthy and vigorous. In the districts aroundl Castle bonnington the wvheat crop is progressing moat favourably upon mast descriptions of soil, and what the farmer requires now is a continuation of the present fine weather Barley baa improlved; in some parts there is the appearance of a' slight smut, but there is nethiing at presenit to apprehend. Oats are looking better, anid beaus hiave flowered most luxuriantly. A. great quantity of hay has beenx secured. In another week the bulk-will be housed. Turnip sowing is progressing. In some 'places the plant is abiove ground, and has been partially affected by the Bly. The price ol fat stock is about the same aseast week-. At our own market,withna goed supply of beasts, a brisk- sale -was realised, beef fetching 7d. to Tjd. per lb. Sheep were numerous, and mutton made 76.to7 tiperlk At this market to-day wheat wran in moderate supply, and the trade ruled quiet, at an advance of Is. to 2s. per quarter. There wan little barley, which realised last week's rates. Beaus were scarce., at Is. to2s. dearer, good samples fetching5fis, per quarter. Of oats there was a short supply, at an advance of 2s. Prices :-WVhite wheat, SOsto S2s. ; red, TOe to 7Bs. ; oats, lBs. to Ifs. At ?MeltontMowbray, with a lseort supply, wheat -wsa Is. per quarter dearer. Barley rather higher. InhOats and beans the advahscolwan Is. At Market Harboroaigh there was an adv-anus of 2s. in wheat. - Oast were Is. per quaarter dearer, At Loughborough wheat was 2s. to Is. higher. Oats showed an advance of is. to 2s. Beans br-oughxt is. more mioney. DElRBY, Junsr 25. We have had a splendid change in the weather, and the crops geaeraly have improved. Wheat is look-ing stronig and healthy, and, should webefortunate in havinga esntinuatien of the present senason able temperature and sunshine fokr two or three weeksz longer, it will have flowered safely,- which wil be in came measure a guarantee of a prospective good harvest. In the neichbourhoDst of Spondon whleat is looking exceedingly well, and from other iparts of the county our accounts arej favourable.. Of the barley crop, there are conflicting opinions. 'Upon the whole, how,ever, the reparts are not discouragCing. Oaslhavemnuch improved. BeauishavefloweredweTlh Inthe southern districts of the county farmers are now engaed wilts the hey han-eat, which will, writhout doubt, be one of the must prolific for a number of years past. I[naUlparts the palte-tcrop is wellspok-en of. Little alteration haso occurred in the price of fat stock. At oair oem inarket beatsl were in moderate supPly, with a limaited demnand, at last I week-'s rates Sheep were numerous, with a limited demand, at late sates. Beef, 0Qd. to 76.; mutton, 76. ; lamb, Vi.1 to 3d per lb. AtBakewell fat beasts mnade 8s. zo Sa. 6a. paer atonie, and fat sheep, 76. to 7id, per lb. At Derby wool fate the best sorts ranged from Ifs. to SOs. Per totL The quantity on offervwasmere thaudoublelartseaes show,and the attendance of buyers numerous. At this cern-market to-day wheat sold at an advanoe Of 2s., the best 'white samples realizing MO., and red, 60s. per qiuarter. Barley wras scarce andumaltered in value. [n oastearisecoflis. to2s. iras reporteI. Beans is. dearer. I'cices:-WVhito wheat, S2s.toMCa; red, SOs.to SOs. per quarter; oats, 3sc, to S2s. perI2l stone. LL-ThtOI, Jus-Ec 28). The latter part of the weeak has beeni flue, and farmers are nowp busy securing the grass 3crops, wiclh are yielding abundantly. Wyheat, in moat districts, is looking well, the present weather beisg fEavourable. There are some places where It is feared too muich straw has boenmade, but on thiewhole the crop may, be said to presentzsatisfac- tory appearances. Barley is fast Improving, hut there is natro much coma as uassal. 'Oats are monie premnising, having improved sincesties warm wveather set in. Beans have blossmed satisfactorily, anid winl, it is t-houighit produce an excellent crop:l The reprts respecting the peas are favourabls. In the districts around Beaten wheat is looking remarkably heaithy, and spring corn is also doing well Tise hay Iarvest is prollule. F-rom the neighbourhood of ILonth accounts are hiighly favourable. We shall leave a very abaundant crop of hay, - and ePA the weather has durinlg the last few days been higlsly favourable, this han-eat is rapidly progressing. Flat stock- has thais wreek- reaIlzed advanced prices. At Boston. with a good supply of beasts, high rates wtvere made; mutton averaged I'd. per lb. At Pleterborough there was an. hxeellent supply of beasts and shieep, and a trifling advance upon last wreek's rates eras realized; beef, Ss. Per stone ; mutton, 76 per lb At our own catar'ket there ias asmall supply of beasts,which sold for Es. toSEs. 06. per stone ; mutton. Old. to M6. per lb. At this corn-market yesterday the supply of wheat was moderatefarmers aFked high rates, and succeeded in obtainiing an advanso of Z s. to 4s. Barlrywas in smiall supply, and is. dearer. Oats sold at an advance of Is. Beans, 'were fully be higher. Qnotaticons:-Wbite wh eat, SOs to SOs.. red, dOs. to 8ls. ; barley, -lOs. to 42s.&; end e ats, SOs. to SOs. At Galusborough wheat realized2s. to Is. advance, millers being hayers. Earleywas In. dearer. Oastes. to 2s. Atldarketflasin the &dvance in wheat was7s. Other descriptionsha.d anupward tendessj. Atlipalding wheat saidat a-rise of 2s. Beans were 2s.dearer;and oats showved anx advance of ls. to Is. At Lynn exorbitant prices wvere aske-,d, andbuiyers gave Os, to Ss. moreomoney. OstsadvancedIs.per quart-er. In beanisprices were in favour of the seller. At Kewark wvheat sold st an advance of Se. to 4s. per quarter. Oats and beaus were each Is. to Is. per quarter higher. At Loreth there wvas an ad- auce of3be.upon wheat. Barley and oats werelis. dearer. At Boston millers purehased wheat at an advance of Is. to 4s. Oats andbeana were each is. better. At Sleaford wheat realized an advance of 2s. to Is. Othier descriptions rdAther higher. CANMBRIDG-E, JTams- 28. We have had exceedingly fine weather, and the hay harvest, which was retarded by the rain, is noes progressing most favourably. The yieldisaparticularly heavy, end the after-crops ame promnising. In all parts tele whbeat is looking well, and less. is now heard of its having made too much straw. The reports respecting barley are various, and numerous black or false e-ars have shown themselves. In the neighlourhood of Trumpington this is more particularly the case, and at Etaplefordl black. cars ore also visible. This is a drawback, no douLbt, but still the accounts are favourable an te the appearance of the crop generally. Oasthave greatly improved during the last fortnighxt._Clover is abundant. Maugoldvierturzlbaasfailed in some districts. At thiscorm-maerketto-day there wmanatolerable supply of wheat,and the best samples of white made SOs., and ret 783. per quarter. In barley very little doing. OJats were the turni dearer. Whito wheat, Vfsa.toSO.; red,76C.tolfis.; barley, 48. tolis.; oats,24s.toIos- At Royston, there was an advanc of 2s. per load in wheat. All descriptions of spring tern were is. dearer. At fit. lyees, whieat was 2n. to3s, higher. Oats, brougSht an advance of is. At St. Xeoets, lwheat advanced be, to Is-. Barley was Is. bettor. DONCASTER JamsE 28. A most agreeable andl benefic'ial change has occurred ina the weather. The continued wet and cold had began to excite apprehension as to the crops both of grain and grass; but since Wednesday the improvement has been considerable. WVheat is sheeting into ear,and by the enclof next weelkall the crops in this district will have gott through this stage; the ears are, inathe great maajority of cases, of a full fair average sire notwithstanding the bulk of straw on the ground. A few days of the present bright weather wil do mnuch tostiffen the stem of the whreat plant, and lessen the chances of deterioration from any rahins.that may enuse. Continuous brightness wil arcelerato the period of harvest; hat itisthe general opinion that~ a rapid ripening after the late excess of moisture would beveryprejudicial to the yield, Here it is expected operations will commience about the first or second week inlAugast. Barley hasimproved in calour,thiough it continpsesto look,aickyin places.Beans are generally .inlower; the stakislong and the bloom bids fair to set thiclly. Peas am also in flower,and present a satisfactory appearance. Oats stood greatly in need of warmth, aLnd are now fast improving. Eye and blenaeorn are makidng good Progress. The ebangekould not have beenmerepro>pitious. frthehay harvest. The produce is very considera'ble, exceeding two tons per acre. Next week weashall.be in the thidck of the season, andwith a conLtinuance of fins weather, the largeAt crop of prass ever Imewn will be well secued. P1ototoes present a healthy and prolific aspect. A few complaints of the aPpearnee Of disease in somne of the carly' acts have been made. At this market to-day there wra a full supply of wheat. on the average ofexcellent quality. Although the attendance of buyers was encouraging. no great anxiety was evinced to do business. Holdets demanded an advance, but did not succeed in obtaining it, except In one or two instances. Only a partial clearance was effected at the clos. The supply of oats was asaal,. and theY commanded better prisus. Purchases of beans took place.a a slight advance. The followinkg aze the current prices :-Wheat, 20.. to I1ls per load of threa Imperial bushel%; fine, 3S.e to I1s. ; oats, l5Os. to 2Bs. Per quarter;' fLa, 31, to IS&L 6d.: .grindiug barley, 4Is. to 40r. ; malting barley, 455. The markets in this district have ngalnbeexn firm for mearly all kinds of grain. Wheat, in the -foreace paxt of the week, advard 2La to 3g., beet the trade baa since been leas excIlted, and busies has been checked. The cattle tra.ela(outinneee brisk, the demiand being in adsansoe of the supply, asgi-zpicca are maintained with firamness Atthe r thi fdwo ol -ail brhADd to-day, tkcr was an ex tensieT au'api~ Thedamndwag s4ln~ riser atfel pics. X e n ~eie 16s. 9d to ls. 6d. ; ditto, one-half to two-third, 17s al to sk 3L. per 14j1 ; Nottighamshireandyorlsbhire rather higher. KORTHAMP1ON, JusC ft We bare had brilliant sunmer weathere and the lbay arest is gressingrapidly. There is a great alteration in the appera of wheat which is becoming very luxuriane On nearly all desption of solasthe Plant is looking well, andgives excellent pros iT e Tho counts -ry withrespect to the appearane of bairle bat, on tber whole, they are favourable. Beas hbae lowered excigly well. and are progressng wrmerm are sery busy with the bay arve.st, which bids fair to be prolfic. Potatoes are strong and healthy. Fat stobkh-a crmanded good prices. At Boughton-ree tair. with a good supply, beet mnide 4s. Sd. to 5. per Sib. There nsa fair sWuS of sheep, which sold at good qutations. At this corn-market to-day wheat ras in tolerable tapply. -n&, the fineal samples of white sold for IMo. per quarter; good-rea made 7Ss .Very little .lteration iu the price of barley. Oats and bans were rather dearer. At Wellingborough wheat had an ¶Dpnrdeendency. Other descriptiousofgrainlrerethetumahigher. ALtDaventrywhfestsold for79a.perqua.er;bRrley, 40toits; oa4ts =ls.per quarter. -LOWO TEB, JuN 2a A moet glorious change in the weather has taken pla1e, mai the present isjust the tmperature to suit tbe farmer. The wheat bad begun to look yellow in nmany places, bat the few dry. sunny days hbve alrea worked an alteration. Thebeaushave not looked so wel formany-seasons. The hay harvest has progressed with apidity. ThereXisanunusually hevy mathe, and should tis weather last a fortnight all will be securedl in finest condition. The apple arld tear crop Will certainly turn out a failure, but two good ones in sucoesWiou canotbexpected. It wasfeuedthe corm harest vould belate;,but a continuance of bright, sunny days will make a, marked differenro. Thismarketto-daywasnotso firm_ Eglish white wheat, Its,76s, per quarter. and red, 7lL to 7Th.; EIglish malting barley, 42s tq jfs. amd grinding, 38e. toi4s. per quarter. Oats, new wvite rish 26ia Gd, to 21s. 6a.; second quality, 265 to27a. per 31'21b. In the neighboiring miarkets priceshave been well supported. At Cheltmhan , on Thurs. day, wheat was fuUy as dear. At Hereford, on wednesday. thero wsv anl average supply. Wheat advanced again is., and oats Is. to 2a.; beans and peas fully mauintaied late rates. ay is beginning tofalt in value, and 45 per ton is tho top price. WOROSTI JuDs 2M. The settingO in of fine weather and the improvement alreadv appa. rent in the crops bare had some effect upon the market, and the advaene has at last been checked. PrAtes to-day were barely -equal ta those obtainedlast Saturday for wheat, and other guin must be qnot,& Gd. perquartercheapbr. ighrfhswhitewbeat,S L&to lDIe_, amdred4 9t. 4d. to 9. 6d. per bushel; malting barley, 5s. to 5s 4d.; distiling 4s. 9a to fA. ; Ilg1ie oate, 4s. 2d to s. Sd. per 391b,, and Iriab, 3s, Sd to 4a 3dL The local marKets have been stedy. At Wolverhampton. On Wednesday, wheat was 2s. per quaTter higber; and att iddenninter, on Thursday, Is. At Brorageove an advane of 2d. per buhel was quioted in wheat. l'ershore- anmual fair was hold on lThursda and yesterday. The supply of fat stock of all kinds was large, and beef fetched 7d. to Sa; - m utton. 7d. to 7jd.; and lamb, sd. per lb. This is the great conntr3 horse fair of the year, and a very large number of animals was er_ hibited. GoDdadriculturalhorsesandl hacks fetchedhigh rateL At Bromegrove fair the supply of fat stock Was good, and prices slightly gaTe vay, beet end matton 61d. to 7Id.; and lamb, 71d. per lb.; stores cheaper, and pigs much lower tuhn of late. Thchop-marryetis advancing; anolpinionprevailsthbattheblight irs the yards vill prevent the possibility of a good crop. The yield or fruit promises to be as great a failure tlus year as it was productive isL NORWICH, Jus,z 2S. Theweather has been fine, with occasional showers. The wvrk ac cecuring thehay crop has madefavourable progress. Thu markets of the districthsvecontinuestoadvance, the rise in the price of wheat varying from lIs. to s. Other corn has also manifested annpwardten. deucy. The Sufolk marlketshave been characteized by the same fes'turcS. Reports of the cropa in the districts are satisfactory. In :thi mnarket to`-dy much higher prices were asked for wheae, but the miL lees vere not free buyers The advance established w;as about is tOr 2s. The priou of inferior descriptions are irregular, but the follo-oing ace the general rates C-White wheat, 7ls. to SW.; ditto, red, 7l2s ta l7s. ; barley, 3s. to 34s. per qtarter. At the last weekly sale at the ner milnsl lor went at 51s. 9d. to 52. per sack. COLORPTER, Jim-s 28. TLe supplies of wheat bare been short at the markets of the district and, the millers purchasing freelyhere to-day, prices bare expericencid a further advance. Wlixte wheat went up 76se to S°s; red, 70s. til 75s. Beans are dearer than of late, mazagan beiug 3Ss to Qsp White peas, 42s. to 46s. Yecterday, at Chehnsford, the small quantity of wheat on offer was quickly taken by the factclr and miPers, who pappeared to be short of stock, at an improvement of Si. per quarter. Thes best white wheat went up to Sis, andred was quoted Ss. to 'au-oats. peas, and beans were also all Is. dearer, and a fair trade was dorg at these Tates. The markets in the neighbouring parts ci Suffolk have shown a still greater advance in wheat. At Woodbridge the risewis fully 4s. per qluarter. In Hertfordshie the rise has also beer genera. On Thursday, at Bishop's Stortford, the farmers at first demnanaed a very heavy advance, and the buyers submitted to a rise of Ss. The corn flelds in the district are looking healthy, and a heavy crop of--hay is being got up in excellent order. . ,~~~~~~~~~2. READIMNG, Just 25.-' The pastweek has been one of b-illint sunshine, cad the farmers have been almost wholly absorbed in haymraking. The crops, particularly the dover, are luxuriant, and, although a considerable breadtih has been mown, therei Syet a great extent that eannot yetbe touched, oringtothepaucItyofhands. Inthecourseofafewdays the Royal lBerksM "itla wll be disembodied, and the Iarmers will no doubt be glad to obtain their services wihle the weather is fiec. A- great -lenprovement is visible in the wheat plant from the late beat. The.e3r5 have filed out well, and while alittle tiue ago there was evcry-irrespeetof the hlenest beingat leasta fortnight laterthan usual, with * ontinuance of the present favourable weather it is not lkely that reaping will be delayed beyondthe first weekint August. Ail kinds of r.6oving corn may be said to present a marked alteration - fe the better. Our Corn-Exchange to-day was not largely at. tended. in spite of this crcumstaincc thefew a- -liberal supply of wheat but only little was of irst-rate quality. The - trade was inactive, and, notwithStanding relDers gave way about is. perquarter, onlya rmallpmtion &Wd LtIsedof at thisdeeUne The best sorts of white wheat cold from SOte to Sis ; middling qunbl ties 74s. to 7&s. and S3s.; red wheat, bhet, 7Gs. to ls.; uceondar53a69, to 7s. The supply of barley wras short, and therewas a firm trade st prices ranging from 40s. to ie. Oats, although the show was lee exreceive,didnot undergoay change invalue. PineTartaryoWtsold nt 20s. to 265 ; and Poland, at 28s. to l per quarter. Beaus were in slor request, and prices wrere, for old (Enuglidb 4Ss. to fil. ; new; tin. to SOs. Thefour rane has shown an improvement, and millersharo obtained an advance of£2s Per sack; the pjrices are-householdsi, SOs.;~ seconds, 55s. DUBLI, Jere 27. 27- We had a Tery slow and depressed marlket at our Corn-Erehbane today, and we note wheat fully Is, and oats 3d to GdL cheapor tht om Tuesday, and even at these reductions transactions were coufuMd to iinmediate wants. Indt3r corn mUs alwo be noted rxL to is. Ioirrer and difficult of sale.
COMMfERCIAL INTBLLIG-ENC. I LIVERrOOL COTTON-MARICt. Jm,m 2 Un]re ass oeen a Speculative demand for cotton to.day, and the Eales amount to 10,000 bales one-balf forspecul.tionandfordxfort. Hlolders continue to supply the market at the full ratea previounls LIVEPOOL 'WOOIMARKE, Ju- v28. About 12,000 bales of low volonial and foreign rool wereoffered herer at auctioln& tb week, thereatcr part of wvhich Was diahibed of, but rather below tho prices of rho forinorsales. ilyprivate eontraut;kberIms also been a moderate bu&isne3& done, at bout previous rate3. Tha markret for acotch wool coutuues bare of stock, nud but fe%r sales bavs beeD reporte.< heusly 2..4..0.. .. . ..1 bogs. 8353 otl.... ..' ..S,97"- zersonsly .62 Total .707
Mfn. Arn os C AuiEs FOR CnIr SERVICeS.- On the 7th of June a select committee of the House of Commons was appointed to inquire into certain charge% made by Mr. Albano for services at Paris and Madrid, anc. other items includod in class 7 of the Civil Service Esti-. mates. The committee consisted of Sir B. Hail, Mr. G. A. Hamilton, Mr. Wise, Mr. L. Davies, and cr. Mxrioribnnks. Their report has just reached us. It iniforms the EousL that, after examination of Mr. Albano and the socretary to> the Board of Works, the committee considered that Mr. Albano's charges are such as he was fairly and professionallyf entitled to miake. Atthe same timethe CannotrTefra-nfrona. noticing the vast disproportion of his charges. S,217t. ls. 6d. to the cost of works execited,whis onlyU,76. But this. arises to some extent from the fact that Mr. Albano'presence Was Constantly required to counteract the - teiah¢ npotion which had previously prerallea an¢l -which lMhe admiaterially checked h igaeu ati disclohed that I pakis itjs impossibleto doeork tas England, by engaging a respectable contractor, the ystem. of extortion and fraud practised by the person em o renderingtheconsXadnt subpervision ofan agent of the.kgliss Gayemientindspnsale.In adrd,Mr. Albmow~ detained some time by the " revolution," and so in e additional expenses. The committee fuatber observe, that the votes now proposed to be taken ought to have beeni pre.. rented to Pasrliament when the accoants eame poyableThis v,as not done, but the irregulaity i not ikeyto recur. The inntes of evidence ae appended t tb feet of Christ," bYRube &ad 'Miinem."bY P.-k. - engaingof "Pauland Vir&Wiarouthe WP.0 mn1 Among the Etecarr contents wo-b Po i M7Awi*r ` (Tha.. h Id'S. (5llj5xllte1-beTifl8h55 of th&MIj1SeA*VbyU holt. Ililafrated-ThOt rnogrUOpnD2 by SIF t. *e Artat:teirSty1aaOarcstr.Io.16,J^£ M 1 I eai ^Cutof thl C Plw 'taed Qiter~~~~~~~~~Qr.~ ..
LONDON, A ONDAY, JUNE 30, 1856. What is the obvious and self-evident advantage of keeping the House for ever dumb on the American questions ? One would suppose there was some, from the pertinacious and systematic stopper which is put on the subject by Government; yet we cannot see -what this necessary advantage is. Premature discussions on subjects of foreign policy before informationt has spread are of course to be avoided. There are critical junctures, again, in every important line of diplomacy, when the affair is like treading on eggs, and the least word may crush the rising settlement of the question. At theise Junctures a discussion on the subject in the House, where withthe best intentions everybody cannot be expected to weigh the effect of every syllable of a speech, is not desirable. But when sufficient information is had, and when the question has suriuounted the chief difficulties, and when things are at last in the way of a final, settlement, why the Elouse should have its mouth closed is not so easy to see. If the House is ever to discuss a question of foreign policy, now is the time. A question is not discussed in the House generaUy after it is finished off, when the public is sick of hearing of it, when all interest in it has died away, and when some other question bas turned up and become the question of the day. The gravity and iwisdom of the British Senate do not make it superior to the laws of human nature, which require some slight relics of freshness in a subject in order to take to it with spirit. It is rather too hard. a discipline to wait patiently and philosophically while the sap and juice of a question are evaporating, and then, when that very objectionable quality of contemporaneousness is wholly gone, and a subject can be pronounced by a jury of bakers to be absolutely, completely, and finally stale, to take it lup for discussion, and devote to it a debate in which intrinsic wvisdom and truth w ill by no means compensate for the factitious initerest of novelty. The House of Conimons must a1l wear beards and white ones, and they must sit in solemn order, as the Roman senators did or are supposed to have, done, before they can wholly adopt this system. If a subject of foreign policy, then, is ever to be discussed, it must be in somewhere about the stage at which the American questions have now arrived, and not later; and therefore, if all discussion is prevented now, it is as good as saying that questions of foreign policy never ought to be discussed by the House of Commons; and we do not see how this can be maintained, except on the idea, which we think needlessly uncomplimentary to the House, that it will always treat such questions ill, display ignorance, asperity, anid intemperance, and do mischief by touching them. WVe must take the liberty, then, of remarking, with reference to Lord PAL3IERSTOZi'S answer to Mr. MOORE on Friday evening, that tho plea of "pending negotiations" has been a good deal abused. Discussion is staved off, first on one excuse and then on another. First, discussion is injurious because it inttrferes with pending negotiations; then discussion is injurious because it anticipates and forestalls future discussion. We are not to discuss the question now, because we are so soon going to discuss it. This convenient future disculssion, which is always coiming on, and always makes present discussion so Ml-timed, is a most ready answer to every awkward member who exhibits signs of curiosity, intelligence, or power of speech. Sir JoHN PiHnaX4To.i was rebuked by Sir GEORGE GREY the other evening because he was forestalling the discussion that wa3 approaching. Now the ground of future discussion is dropped, and we return to the plea of " pending negotiations" again. Lord PAL3wBxsroN" is sure that hon. gentlemen wiU excuse him " for saying that he is unwilling on the part of HER CC' AESTjY'S Government to assumc any respon" sibility, direct or indirect, in regard to a discus"sion on this question," and " is of opiniion that "the matters now pending between the two " countries should not be made the subject of " discussion in the House." So we go backwards and forwards from " pending negotiations' to " future discussion," from " future discussion" to "pending negotiations." But this suppression of the legitimate fuinctions of the HoLuse it neither becomes the Government to impose nor the Riouse of Commons to allow. Such a suppression is neitlher fair on the part of Government, nor, in the long run, politic. It is a very common remarlk that when an author writes he should have a reader in his eye. If he thinks only of himself, and only w,rites for himself to understand, lie uses any sort of slipshod and ambiguous stuff in the way of language, for any algebraical sign will do for you to note and indicate yolu own meaning to yourself. But, if he has a reader in his eye, he is obliged to cut good regular blocks out of the genuine quarry of language, end give his ideas that clear outline which constitutes the legitimate expression of them. In the same way it is a good thing for a Government to have a discussion in the House in its mind, and this in conducting a line of diplomacy as well as in any other business which falls to a Government to do. A Cabinet or a Government office is very apt in conducting a negotiation to attach itself to a particular view of its own, rely on particular arguments, and look at things in particular aspects, which satisfy itself, without reference to the question how such arguments and points of view would present themselves to others, and approve themselves to the world at large. There is thus a tendency in diplomatic correspondence and negotiations, while they are in the hands of one or two officials, to leave the broad and large field of common sense for private and narrow points of view. There is a tendency to slipshod argument and inaccurate statement, for men are satisfied with very little in support of their favourite impressions. A debate in the House is a natural correction to these tendencies. The prospect of such a public ordeal will compel men to enlarge and clear tlleir ground from the first, and look at the matter from the commencement with other eyes than their own. The broad masculine common sense of a ntunber of persons, who have no other object than matter of fact truth, will thus control as a guide even before it judgesas a critic. We are bound to add that it seems, at any rate, doubtful whether Government has conducted the negotiations on American matters with such unexceptionable wisdom and success as to leave all reference to the House superfluous in this particular case. Had earlier discussion been allowed in the House, perhaps it would not have been left to the American Government to dismiss Mxr CF.irrroN. The policy of a recaU from home might have been suggested, and mucih trouble and scandal saved. In common with the rest of the world, who were not let into State secrets, we protested from the first against foreign recruiting, but we were told that we knew nothing about the matter, and that we nmust attend to those who did. Well, we waited in patience to see what those who were in the secret, and who knew what they were about, did; and it appears to us, judging by the event, that they might have consulted Parliament wvithout disadvantage. And who knows where things may be drifting to? In the possible case of a war with America, is Parliament to be hurried up to an autumnal session, to discuss then and there for the ve-ry first time the American question?
Aie we at length approaching the period when we shall be delivered from the antiquated system of Ecclesiastical Courts, which, to the reproach of our civilization and the disgrace of our means of legislative action, has spread over the face of our land ? Are we really approaching that UJtopian period when registrars shall be appointed from persons having at' tained at least the mature age of 10 years, and when recordz can be kept for something less than 8,0001. a-year to the 7 sinecurist incumbent of the office of custodian? We woulc hope so; we wQuld fain believe so; but much experience and many reverses . have warned us to mingle hop with fear and belief with distrust. For some reason or another, traceable, we apprehend, to that complicated and discordant machinery which the present mechanism' of our Government provides for the elaboration of law reform, this bill has been protracted to a period of the session more than usually unreasonable, and now comes before us in a state of desJabille which shows only too plainly howv hastily it has been dressed to meet the public gaze. The speech which the SOLICITOR-GENERAL delivered on Thursday night was an invitation to the House to read a second time a bill which they had not seen, and which was in maly most important respects exactly the reverse of the bill which they had seen. The experiment was a bold and novel one, scarcely to be justified even by its success. It was, in truth, to the very utmost extent, that very favourite experiment of the age in which we live-a compromise. The proposition was for a central office; it is now 'for an office central and local. The proposition had been in folrmer years for making the proposed court a portion of the Court of Chancery; it is now for a court possessing co-ordinate and concurrent jurisdiction with Chancery. The prop9sition was for a procedure based upon the present procedure of courts of equity; it is nowv for a procedeure taklen from the courts of common law. The bil comes into Parliament based on centralization, and at a single touch of the wand of the mighty enchanter who gave it being it is suddenly converted into a local and decentralized measure. We must imitate the caution of Sir JA=cs GRAuim, and decline to commit ourselves til we see that whiclh is, instead of that which is not, intended to be the law. On one point, however, we require no time for consideration. Local or central, equitable or legal, we are thoroughly convinced that in the matter of appeal the new bill alters the law enormously for the worse. The new court is to be a kind of oppositioni and antagonist to the Court of Chancery. It is to leave Chancery all its jurisdiction, but it is to extend its own over a very large portion of that field hitherto mon6poliz;d by the absorbing and encroaching genius of the Equity Courts. Equity must be equitable indeed if it can look with impartial eyes on the proceedings of such an interloper, andyet it is to this rival jurisdiction that an appeal from the new testamentary court is to lie. STATIA might as well hope for justice from ROXNA, or HErxA. from HERMIAx, as the new court from its irritated and injured rival at LincoWl's-inn. Yet it is to the Lords Justices and the LoRD CmAwcxxon that the power of snubbing and discrediting the new court is iutrusted. Besides this, the appeal is to be an intermediate one, the ultimate resort being to the House of Lords. Now, we had thought it -was perfectly established that where an appeal is given it should be carried at once to that body in which the most confidence is reposed, and that in no case should the vexation be imposed on the suitor of appealing to one tribunal in order that he may gain the right of appealing to another. If the appellate tribunal is not competent there ought to be no appeal to it at all ; if it is, there can be no occasion to carry the appeal any further. But, worst of all, it is proposed to give the ulltimate appeal to the House of Lords. The suitor1 in the Ecclesiastical Courts has now, at any rate, this consolation-that he has access, in the ultimate resort, to a court by far the best that exists in this empirethe Judicial Conimittee of the Privy Council. This consolation the SOLIciTor_-G_N-aL deprives hiim of, and gives him instead the privilege of appealing to the House of Lords. What .is an appeal to the House of Lords? Is it an appeal to the House of Lords which is now or which shall be hereafter ? Under the irst supposition we are taking the' jurisdiction from the best Court in the counatry in order to give it to that wlhich, by its own solemnly recorded confession, is very little better than the wrorst. In the second case, we are launched on a sea of doubts and uncertainties, and intrust the destinies of our new testamentary court to a tribunal as new and untried as itself. If it is too much to allow the HIouse of Lords to retain the jurisdiction it already possesses, it is monstrous to give new jurisdiction to a court all we know of -which is that the present is uncertain and the fuiture dubious and utterly indeterminate. The proposition also of compensations to officers declared by two acts of Parliament to be entitled to no compensation at all, at the rate of 10,000. a-year, is so startling that we may welL doubt its ultimate acceptance. If this vast sum be absolutely necessary, not to pay a debt of justice, but to buy off interested opposition, the fact is a shameful comment on the want of public spirit in our Legislature, and the weakness of a system of government that is forced to buy back its own rights and those of its subjects. There is, however, one part of the proposition of the SoLIcXTo'-Gxa-GmiaERA which appears to us to merit the consideration of the House and of all real law reformners. For literature, for politics, for science, the printing press has done services incalculable; for law it has, done little, except the multiplication of reports to an extent ruinous to the pocket and perplexing to the brain. Yet, we believe it is in the power of the press to do for the la-w quite as much as it has already . effected for every other branch of knowledge and study. In the Court of Chancery the printing of pleadings has not merely saved the eyes and facilitated the reference of practitioners,-it has more improved their style tlhan all the r-ules and orders enjoining conciseness and perspicuiity. That which a man could wvrite without shuddering lie durst not lool npon when it seemned to speak to and reproach him from the paper he had defaced by columns of unnecessary print. The great excellence of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Coluncil we believe to have been very much caused by 'the fact that aU its proceedings are in print; reference is easy and detection of errors certain. It might be too much to require that deeds which are merely private transactions should be printed, but certainly whatever is registered and, enrolled -wills, deeds, records of courts of justice-whatever is thought worth preserving for the benefit of the public of the present day or the inspection of posterity, should be confided to paper and 'print, instead of manuscript and parchment. If the example were set 'to this extent, we do not d6ubt that it would be generally followecl by those who wished to preserve private instruments; andwemioht hope to see r' alized the pleasant vignette. sketched for us by the So0I(!iro-GEzs-xEx, of a portly country gentleman seated in his library on a raijay morning, reading a copy of his title-dee(ds, bound in gilt morocco, with ease and even with delight, while the last Qarteklr Reriet and a 'file of the county paper lay untouched before him.
The Turkish empire is certainly the most comprehensive in the world, with the exception, perhaps, of that which Britain has fouinded within the last century. The East and the West, antiquity and modern times, ara alike represented in the regions subject to the SuLTAN'S sway. From the frontier of Austria to the shores of the Persian Gulf, from Tunis to the confines of Georgia, meu of all the old races of the world are rnled more or less directly from the divans of Constantiliople. Half-caste Romans, Slaves, Albanians, Greeks, old indigenous Armenians and Chaldeans presenting-the very type of the Ninevite sculptures, pure-bloodedL Arabs, savage Kurds, coal-black Nubians, are the provincials of the great dominion -which now lies weak and. unwieldy over the finest territories of three continents. Stamboul may be considered even geographically as the centre of tLe western hemisphere, and it is no mere superstition which has spread abroad the notion that its possessors should be the rulers of the earth. The necessity of governing such extended regions and such various races of men has given the OrromA POBTE a character of its own. Turkey has never been a mere Mussulman Power, like Persia, Morocco, or the kingdoms which we have overthrown in India; and yet the habits of Asiatic despotism have flourished even to our own time, and the SuA-sq has been as much master of his people as the potentate of Bokhara or Herat. He has been a Tartar chieftain and a Byzantine Emperor in one. Turkey has had of necessity its diplomatists, its administrators, its politicians, after the European fashion, because it touches upon and is in constant relations with Europe, while its Orientalism is vindicated by the crowvd of women, eunuchs, and favourites of aU sorts who have constantly governed its succession of wrathful, capricious, or enervated Sovereigns. This mixture of East and West, of personal despotism and MIinisterial rule, may, we believe, be observed in full operation at the present moment. We all know that there are Ministries in Turkey with offices corresponding to those of European countries. But there is a kind of savageness even in the most respectable politicians. It is difficult to say whether such or such a Pasha is more of a satrap or a clerk. On the Bospholrts he is methodical, quiet, and polite; at Aleppo or Bagdad he would be just what his ancestors were tlvo centiries ago. The whole institution partalkes of this double character. NoLw there is, it seems, a political crisis at Constantinople. A Ministry is in, but is every day on the point of losing office. We are told it is probable that His LxpEniAL HIGSm'3s will accept the resignation of the present GRAND Viziz, and call upon another Pasha to form a Mlinistry. The diplomatic representatives of the allies will, perhaps, respectfully tender their advice on the occasion. All this, of course, looks very constitutional and respectable, and must be gratifying to the admirers of tlle Ottoman, as proving the working of a virtually responsible Government in the East. But there is, we have reason io believe, a secret chronicle, the events recorded in which do not easily reach Western ears. It is said that the SuTAN has almost reached the limit at which he can be no longer held responsible for his actions. The life which this -nhappy Sovereign has led from boyhood has made him at 33 years of age not only prematurely old in body, but almost prostrate in intellect. All energy of will is gone how long understanding will remain is a question which no one can answer. He is entirely ruled by a race which it would be an insult even to Naples and Madrid to call a camarilla. His wives, his eunluchs, his pipe-bearers, his daughters, do with him wvhatever they please. He has his fits of rage, his hours of despondency. He changes his mind as often as those -who surround him urge him to change it. Such is the Sovereign -who at this time of danger and transition governs the Turkish empire, just saved from the grasp of a hostile potentate, ancd still occupied by the armies of two powerful allies. ofw, an imbecile Monarch is no prodigy. In most Western States, even where wlhat are called Liberal principles have made little way, suich a Sovereign would find settled laws and customs by which the machine of State might work wvithout his personal superintendence. But in Turkey the Sovereign must not only superintend, but initiate. He is the real meer of the country which his ancestors won by the sword; he must decide for himself, and to practise on his weakness is the natural course of Ministers or dependents who wish to keep their positions. It is said that the present Ministry has not scrupled to resort to such expedients. FuAD PASHA, its animating spirit, has little to hope from the favour of the SuTANr or the goodwill of the people, either Turks or Christians. But he trusts to retain power by the assiMtance of the French, whom he fancies, rightly or wrongly, to be well disposed to him. The influence of the Flrench will, of course, be in the ascendant as long as they occupy the country with a large army. FUAD is therefore said to be desirous to prolong the occupation for an indefinite time. He has nothing, to hope from the SrTrLrA`S partiality, for ABDUL MEDJID lately sent his own daughter to REDSC1ID PASHA requesting him to take office, and on a recent occasion behaved in public with marked coldness to his present Ministers. He therefore endeavours, it is asserted, to work on the SUrT.&'s fears. The absolute necessity of an occupation on account of the recent concessions to the Christians is urged. The disturbances that have taken place are magnified. Some are invented wlhich have never happened, and it is even suggested that, if any take place hereafter, they may be attributed to the connivance, if not to the direct suggestion, of the SULTA-i's present advisers. Now, much of this may be presumed to be somewhat highly coloured. Such acts as the encouragement of the Pasha of EGYPTs ambition, the revolt of the Arabian fanatics, and the risings in Anatolia, are rather too desperate for a Stamboul Pasha, who generally loves peace and quietness, and would fill his coffers- by any means rather than by the risk of high treason. But there can be little doubt that the designs attlibuted to FUAD PAssA a-nd his colleagues are not without foundation. We fully believe that he and his friends are quite mistaken in their notion that a continued occupation by the allies woutld advance their interests. Even the most enlightened Oriental cannot understand the temper of European nations. Such men as Fu&D have been accustomed to see for years the contests of England, France, and Russia for preponderance at the PoRTE, and they believe that such diplomatic quarrels must be continued by the Governments and the respective peoples who have now made themselves acquainted - with Eastern affairs. We all feel how distant such suppositions are from the fact, and, though there is little chance of the Ottoman tenitory being occupied for a term of years, yet wve could contemplate such an event without believing either that an objectionable body of men would thus be kept at the head of affairs, or that the interests and just influence of England would suffer. It is certain that the great part which France has taken in the late war and the shortcomings of our owni militaTy chiefs have given for the present a subordinate place to England irr the minds of Orientals. The opinions of such men may not be worth much, but still they cannot be ignored, and they produce for a tine certain effects. But these will be of short duration. Turkey is just the country in which England is likely to display her peculiar faculties. A large, rich, neglected territory, with the finest geographical position in the world, commanding the MIediterranean, the ports of Southern Russi4, and the Indian Ocean, full of mineral wealth, intersected by great navigable rivers, andl inhabited by many millions of Christians, capaxble of and desirous for material progress, isjust the c.nuntry for English enterprise and capital. Lut *-ur foreign critics wait a few years and see what nation is taking the lead in Turkey; who will fill the ports of Constantinople and Smyrna with shipping, open up the routes which conduct to the extreme East, join the Danube and the BosDhorus, the l!editerranean and the Euphrates, with railways; send the telegraph through wilds for ages untrodden by civilized man on to the frontittrs of India, place their steamers on the rivers of Mesopotamia, and bring strange races and forgotten regions once more within the limits of civilization. There is certainly in store for the East a long British occupation, but not of regiments and line-of-battle ships. But before those times come what changes may talke place among the rulers in Stamboul I Few can believe that, even politically, the statuts qluo can be restored. If we have fought and suffered so long merely to prop up such a Govermnent as we have described, it may well be said that all is vanity.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (Br su .rBi &N-D B BriisH TREEOGAP-.) THE EAST. We have received the folloivijig telegraphic despatch from our MIarseilles correspondent:- "MARSEILLES, Sm?.iS-, JuxN 29, 115 Ar. " The Carmel has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 19th, and from the Crimea of the 17th. "Despatches left at 10 last night."
EGYPT. (7ROM ouit OWN COB SPONqDi-P' ALEXANDRIA, Ju\ 20. The transit through Egypt is assuming vast importance, which will be still further increased whon the comnunication with Australia is reopened, so that some steps should be taken to improve its present condition. The value of India and China cargoes, including specie, that passed through Egypt by-the two mails of May vwas 1,577,1497., and the freight on this large amount brings no inconsiderable amount of revenue into the coffers of the Viceroy. Not later than 1851 it was considered a remarkable fact that dtuing the preceding 1S months 2,500,00(l. wvorth of British property had passed through Egypt. The Peninsular and,Oriental Company showv every disposition to lose as little time as possible in Egypt, and the steamner Pera, which arrived here on the 3d and left again on her return voyage on the following day, lauded in that short space of time 2,139 packages of specie, 568 packages of carao for India, 150 tons of cargo for Alexandria, 261 packages of mails and 2(10 packages of baggage, andshipped at the same time 2,483 bales and cases-of China silks, 8S2 bales of Bengal silks, 117 packages of local cargo, 425 packages of baggage, 65 packages of mails, and 20U) tonS of coals. Yesterday the ex-Grand Vizier, Redschid Pasha, -arrived here from Constantmople in the Egyptain steam-yasht Faid Gihaad, -which was sent for the purpose. Said. Pasha treats his guest with the greatest possible consideration, and went on board the steamer to meet him. IRedschid Pasha is come here nominaUy to be -present at the great fetes which the Viceroy is about to give in commemoration of his accession to the government of Egypt, but there is no doubt that his 'visit is connected with the state of affais in the country, and it is to be hoped that some good will result from it. It is -aid that the principal points to be mooted -with Said Pasha -will be the exaggerated number of his army, his subversion of all administrations and coxicentration of all power and rule within himself, and his constant hostility, towards the Bedoiums. Kiamil Pasha, brother-in-law to Said Pasha, and ilinister of Commerce at Constantinople, has also come to Egypt with Redschid Pasha. Great numbers of Arabs from the coast of Barbarv have been recently pouring into Egypt, fleeing their country, vhere famine aid iisery prevail to an extraordinary extent. Ten of these poor people, who were shut up in the lazzaretto on account of some disease, died of actual starvation, and Said Pasha, on hearing of it- was highly indignant and removed the head of the 8anitaryDepartment from his post and severely reprimanded the governor of the town for al]owing such a thing to happen. The Viceroy has recently granted a great boon to the town by abolishig the octroi duties which were leviedonallarticlesof consumption brought inside the walls. General Sir James Outram, who arrived here by the last mail from India, was detained in Alexandria by ill-health for a fortnight, and proceeds to Trieste this day bythe Austrian steamer; he is still in a -very weak state. Trade continues very dull, there being no produce for shipmernt. The several screw steamers that call at this port are glad to get -ths of a penny per lb. for cotton, and 2s. 6d. per quarter for grain, while the sailing vessels, of which there are 48 in the harbour, can scarcely get anything at alL Our exchanges have again risen, and are now at 100 piastres per pounld sterling.
We are informed that the statement relative to the suspension of public works in lndia is altogether erroneous. The Court of Directors, as we are informed by authority, lhave senit out instruetions to prosecute these works on a large scale, and have appropriated to that purpose, for the ensuing year, 1856-57, the slum of a crore and 85 lacs of rupees. or nearly twv.o millions of English money. [This is, no doubt, correct; but there is also no doubt, as will be seen from oturCalcutta letter, that a contrary impression prevailed in India at the departure of the last mail, and we have had too mauch experience of point blank contradictions to place implicit faith in them.] N-TAofALGALLZY.-At the sale of the Orford collection at Messrs. Christie's, on Saturday last; an altarpiece by Lo Spagna, No. 2G7 in the catalogue of the sale, was purchased for the National Gallery at the price of 620 guneas. In the course of the week two pictures, purclased by the travelling agent in Yenice at the close of the last year, will be placed in the gallery-the Virgin and Child, by Giovartni Bellini, and a smallpicture, representing St. Jerome in a landscape, by MarcoBasaiti. A Cabinet Council waas held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The. Einisters present were Viscount Palmeraton, the Marquis of Lausdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, tho Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchelre, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanlev of Alderley, the l)uke of Argvll, and the ]Right Hon. M. T. Baijuez. The Council sat two hours and three-quarters. The Chancellor of the Exchequer aclnowledges the receipt of the second half -of a 51.-note fromi "X. Y. Z." on account gf income-tax. THE REvENu.-The returns of the revenue will mil be made up on Monday night for the quarter ending on that day. The accounts wil be published, showing the gross reventue instead of the net as heretofore. This is carryingout MIr. Gelustones act of 185;. Bant tfe usual comparisons will of counre be made upon the year and the quarter, by putting together the gross and net revenues of the respective quarters and years, endiD June 30, 1855, and JTune 30, 185G. The present retarns Q'be satisfactory as Compared vith those of 1855. Ia the great items of Customs and Excise particularly the resources of the country. will exhibit a steady sustainment. In spite of the adverse circamstances of the close of a costly war the Customs' receipts wil bear a fLvoarAble comparison with those of lst yearwhile in the Inland Reveuiie, the sure test of general prosperity and increasiog consuuiptijn, there will be an increaLe of almost half a million on tho quarter, chibflv in the Property and Incomie Tax, aud in the year of no less a suUn than four mfllionis. These are gratifying results, aud will aoon, wilth extended commerce and increased internal prosperity, makce up for all the drain that a necessarily heavy wvar expenditure has produced. Thore is no ether country whose fiscal system wrould bear such a large pressulre anld exchibit such buoyaney as this.-Obscr r ep WMe are requested to state that neither I,ady Craven, Lady Elizabeth Craven, nor LJord Craven were present at Lady WVestminster's ball of the 26th. CATHEDRAL A?fl COLLGIT CnvCsa.-A return obtained by 3ir. Ewart, M.P., shows that the total t.ayments made to the ELcclesiastical Commissioners for ungland on account of any srsn,ended stalls in the cathedral anld collegiate chulrches of Eug',and and Wales since the 20th of Jnunnsy, 1855e, .amount to 00,038!., including 12y1I5l5!. fromn Windsor, 9,S491. from Weostmninster, 4,X006. from Canterbury, !I,l(9?L from Durham. 3,22?.from Korwieb,6,780?. from WVinchester, aod (',2S1L. from Worcester.
AMTEICK (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. LIVERPOOL, SU NIDA G H7IT. By the Niagara advices have been received from New York, vid Halifax, to the 19th inist. Site brings $901,60. In the Congress Mr. Brown (Democrat), of Misais3ippi, had submitted a resolution , wvhich was adopted, calling on the President to conuniuiiicate 5 copy of the instructions to Mr. Buchanan on <C free ships making free goods," and Mr. i;uchanan's letter to Lord Clarendon on the same subject. Alr. Adams (Democrat), Michigan, had made a speech in support of his bill proposing to extend the term of naturalization to 21 years aiid exclude "'foreign criminals and paupers from voting, in order to prevent these and European serfs from controllingr elections, and thus periling their liberties." In the House of Representatives the Speaker had informed the House that the President had not received any official communicttiont from the leading Porers of Europe on the subject of privateering. The Anti-Fillmore Amierican Convention at New York had chosen, a Mr. Banks, jun., A;Msuchusetts, as their cadtlidate for the Presidenicy, and Mr. W. F. Johnston, of Pennsylvania, for the VicePresidency. During the proceedings the entire Newv Jersey deliegation, with a few other personis, quitted the conventioni, on the ground that it was becoming too decided in its partiality to slavery extension. They started. a separate convention, and noiminated Robert F. Stockton, of New Jersey, and Kenneth Rayner, of North Carolina, as their canjdidate. WSe have intelligence of the loss of the shin Pallas, Captain Spillane, from Cork for Quebec, with 120 passengers. She sighted the coast of Cape Breton on the morring of the 30th of May, and in the afternoon it was discovered that the compasses varied from one another, and the course of the vessel was then shaped between Cape North and St. Pau's. At 10 p.m. she struck on the breakers of St. Paul's and bilged, the sea washing over her. The passengers became panic-stricken, and rushed into the boats, which sank almost immediately. Seventy-two persons were drowned. In the morning the superintendent of the island senlt off boats and rescued the remaining passengers. A vessel had left to convey them to Quebec. The Hlew Yorl; Heralft publishes the following:"There is a plan in agitation here among the Soathern members of Congress to abandon the Central Amorican route to the Pacific, and to acquire thecession oftbeTehuantepee route from Mexico in exchange for guaranteeing her tcrritory against the threatened Spanish hostilities. It is understood that Colonel Robles favours the project, Government being much concerned at the expedition now fitting up in Spain. France and England have the same claims as Spain. Intelligence from Mexico indicates that much aIarm is felt by the Government respecting the Spanish expedition, and foreshadows an application for the protection of the United States. Southern members of Congress suggest the granting of protection on the condition of a cession to us of the Tehuantepec route, with the circumjaccatt territory." The Neuw York Journal of Commerce states that the America, the searching of which vessel by a British naval officer at Rio, on the supposition tha she 'was equipped as a privateer, was opposed by the United Statese Commodore, and which caused a good deal of indignation to be expressed before the concluslon of the war with Russia, was, on her arrival, reported in the San Francisco Shipping List as RPcssian property. On leaving Rio the United States' Commodore towed the America above 100 miles on her coiurse, so as to protect her from seizure. A correspondent of the St. Louis Republican, 'writing from Kansas city on the 12th inst., reports that comparative quiet reigned in the territory, the United States' troops having disbanded the unlawvful military bodlies, and in cases -where they reassembled taken their arms from them; consequently there was no. fighting going on. The New York journals contain vivid accounts of the atrocities committed by both parties. The latest advices from Nicaragua, iA N ew Orleans, represent General Walker as in the same posi. tion. Nothing about fighting, but much sickness among his troops. There -was a rumour that a revolution had broken out in Costa Rica. A very disastrous inundation had occurred at Jacmel. From Bermuda we learn that Her Majesty's :steamer Malacca, from Jamaica, arrived there on the 5th inst. with 35 cases of yellow fever on board. She had already lost 11 men during the passage, but no new cases had broken out for 48 hours previous to her arrival at Bermuda. Her iMajesty's steamer Buzzard had also arrived at Bermuda, on the same day, from St. Thomas's. She was to leave in a few days for England. Advices from Havannah state that the healtlh of the city -was good. Sugar had advanced a quarter to half a real. Later advices had been received from Mlexico ri4 Havannah. The struggle in the Assembly against the Governiment at Comonfort had terminated in favour of the latter. General Alvarez had resigned his seat and retired from the city in -disgust. The Spanish ItMinister had reached the city of lexico, but had not been recognized, and would not be recognized, it wvas said, while the Spanish fleet maintained its threatening attitude in the harharbour of Vera Cruz. As thA English steamer left Vera Cruz several Spanish wvar vessels wvere entering the offing. LA.TER VIIA HALIFAX. NEW YORK, Tswr.smky EVzstxcG, JUNE 19. European news per the America was -made public here yesterday at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Our cotton-market remains finn. FIour Is. to 2s. (currency) dearer, and wheat 5c. to 7c. The Republican party has nominated Colonel Fremont for the Presidency. NEW ORLEANS, JUNE 17. Sales, 1,500 bales. Rates unchanged, middling being (quoted 10-. - The New York commercial advices report that the money-market was unchanged. In the stockmarket the transactions had been large, with a decline in prices. At the close the feeling was dull. Sterling exchange continued firm at 1094 to l09D. Bills on Paris were quoted 5f. 1641. to 5f. 15c. Cotton had advanced .ic., owing to a speculative demand. In lour only limited buisiness doing. Prices of wheat had declined. In provisions no alteration of moment. Scotch pig iron was selling at $31 to $32, six months. Freights were without alteration. [A sunmiary of tllc following, received by electric telegraph, appeared in ouir second edition of Saturday:-] SOUTHAMPTON, Ju?I-E 28. By tlle UnifeWStates' mail steamship Washington, Captain Cavendy, which arrived off Cowes this morning en? rute from New York to Bremen, we receive intelligence to the 14th inst. The Washington brings 192 passengers, about i90,004) in specie, and the usual cargo. On the 19th inst, in lat 42 10, long. 48 30, she exchanged signals with the ship Quebec, bound to Quebec; 26th, in hat. 4030, long. 16 .53, spoke the American ship Sandbach, bound to the eastvard; also, in lat. 49 30, long. 11 47, spoke the Datch bark Rode ood, or Rted Rose, 131. days from the Sandwich IsIands; and in hat. 49 30, long. 10 13, exchanged signals with the American ship Sciola bound east. lThe mail steamers Arabia and Ericsson, from I verpool, arrived at Newv York on the 13th inst. The New York papers generally are silent on the difficulties between England and America. The intelligence by the Arabia and Ericsson ras trxsNioitsly ouo r r. The Herald teescribes the spoech of Lord Clarendon int the H.ouse of Lords in the debate on American atftirs, which grevr out of the motion of L)rd Hlgigi for the production of papers relative to the despatch of troops to the British North Americun provitnces, as "intere-sting and highly significant," and says:- "The general tone *f the discussion evinces the most | friendly feelings towards the United States. -Judging from the language used, no party in Enagland is desirous of court. ing difiicultiea with us. aud least of all lord Clarendon. His lordship is, ini fact, so anxious to settle the matters at issue that he expresses himself willing to meet Mr. Marcy on sonme island half wav between the two countries for their adjustment. This is all very pleasant and very satisfactory so far as it goes; hut w. fina. iu the saume speech certain other declarations wvhich coupled with the event which has since reached the kn.o'ledge of his lordship-the dismissal of Mr. Crampton-give an eutirOy different aspect to the conclusions which at first sight we *mlight be disposed to draw from it. Lord Clar. ndon's friendly tone and jocose proposition of a neiw Tilsit arraegeument between hinself aild blr. Marcy, were based, as will be seen, on the coivictiou that Englaud had done everything that could be reasonahlv expected of her to satisfy the wounded pride of the United States. 'There is nothing,' he says, ' wbich courlg be expecrtd from one nation towards another, froin onn. Lovt rament towards another, from one gentlerman toxvards another, that we have not done or offered to do, in order to £.1urd reparation to the United States for any offence, how,ever uniintentional on our part, which they can conceive has beeni commuitted ' We apprehend that the plausibleand ingenious letter of explanations with which AIr. Marcy accomllpanied MIr. Cramptuon's dismissal will not alter any of the convictions here expressed. It must certainly be said of the atonement offered by the British Cabinet that ic went to the very verge of self-hutuiliation ; and although it fell short of the requirements of our Uovermnent, there are not a few among us wIho thiuk that to demand more was both unreasonable anid ungenerous. Of the impression which prevails in England as to the ample character of this apology his lordship says :-' As far as I have been able to ascertain what are the inpressi us which that despatch has produced in this country I thii,k the genera1 opinion is that we have offered a comxplote satisfa4tion to the Government of the United States.' Aid, .as if to define the course which the Cabinet wnould feel bounjd to pursue in the event of the explanations offered snot heing deemued sufficient by the American Governm,ent, which it is evident, from the tone of his speech, he did not believe possible, his lordship adds :-'I think nobody vill require of us to sacrifice our agents, and to purcbase a conciliasti,n vith the United States by doing that wliich vould be both shabby and dishonourable.' After sueh sentisnente, we can conceive the effect which the news of Crtruptun's dismissal must have had, not only upon the Mitisstry, but the people of England. It musthave fallen like a thuliderbolt upon the public mind, which had evidently concluded that the question was definitively 4ettled by Lord Clarendoin's letter of explanations. It is ihspossible to read the sentenices above quoted without arriving at the convictioin that we are entering upon a stage of these difficulties fromu which it will require the greatest caution and forb. arance to extricate ourselves. By this time it is not iunlikely that Mr. Dallacl has received his dismissal; and this smeasure will, perhaps, be followed by the concentrationi of a large British naval force on the coast of Central America and ori our northern lakes and seaboard. In the speech fromn hich the extracts wo have just quoted are taken. Lord Clarendon states that sio answer had up to that time been received from our Government to his propo3ition of referring the Central American question to arbitration. SiDCe then, the reply, such as it is, has gone oult. It will be observed that Lord Clarendon reiterates the statement that. se} far was Sir Henry Bulwer from abandotting any portion of British territory or British interests, that he made a stringent provisiosm, which was acknowledged by Mr. Clayton, that the treaty should not touch Honduras or affect any of its dependencies. It was only on Mr. Buchanan's arrivatl in England, he says, that ho heard for the first tisiie that there was an entirely new interpretation put unon the treaty. The aspect of the two questions which it was hloped were in fair train of settlement, looks, it will be admitted, anything but reassuring. We are fast drifting into that phase of diplomatic complications where a single false step would immediately plunge us into war. And with this prospect before us we have at the helm men on whose capacity no reliance is to be placed. They have brought us to this pass by their foolish blundering and insane desire to make of the foreign policy of the country a stepping-stone to their personal initurests. Throwing into confusion the one. and failinig in the other, it is to be hoped that they will now point us out the means of extricating ourselves from the difficulties in which they have involved us. If they are unable to do so, let them make way for men who have the reqstisite experience and courage to face them. Affairslook squally." The steamship George Law had anived at New York from AspinevnUl, with dates to the 4th inst., and specie, value $1,951,721. The United States' sloop of war St. Mary's was at Panama. The British steamler Hermes was at Aspiuwall. From the South Pacific the news is interestmig. Peru was in a very disturbed state, and a revolutionary movement twas antiepated. Bolivia and Chili were quiet. In the latter State the Presidential election was close at hand, but no symptoms of popular agitation were visible. F@rom the copper mines there were very cheering accounts, and a flne trade was expected to spring up when the free trade treaty with the Argentine Republic was perfected. Intelligence from New Granada states that the Governor had addressed a circular to the foreignI consuls on the subject of a reported invasion of the Isthmus by filibusters. The hospitals of the Panama Railroad Company were nearly cleared of the sufferers by the riot of April 15 and the accident of May 6. The head agency quarters of the railroad company were to be removed from Panama to Calsao. In the Senate the Sumner assault was being discussed. The trial of the negro Wilson for the murder of Captain Palmer, of the schooner Eudora Imogene, had terminated in a verdict of G-iuilty. The anti-Fillmore American Nominating Convention had held its second day's session at New York. At the opening of proceedings a comnnimucation fromi the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Republican party was presented by Mvir. Colby, of New Hampshire, suggesting co-operation between the twvo parties. The presentation of this letter caused great excitement in the convention, and was particularly obnoxious to a larle crowcd of outsiders in the Fillmore interest, wh hissed it unstintedly. A motion was made to refer it to a committee composed of one from each State represented. The discussion of that question occupied the whole morning session, and the motion was ultimately agreed to. In the afternoon session there was considerable disturbance created by the outsiders, who would persist in cheering for Fillmore, but order was finally restored by the exertions of a force of police. A motion was made by MIr. Peek, of Connecticut, to proceed to an informal ballot for a candidate for the Presidency. The discussion of that motion brought out the names of Colonel Fremont, which was received with unbounded enthusiasm; of Judge M'Lean, which met with considerable favour; and of Live Oak George Law, which, was received with faint cheers on the part of half-a-dozen of his admirers. The mover of the motion then withdrew it. The Convention then adjourned. An explosion had taken place on board the Grand Trunk Railway ferryboat at Canada, by which 11 persons were killed, 40 wounded and scalded, and a large number missing. The captain was thrown intothe air, and alighted on his feet at a wharf situated about 150 yards distance. There were little hopes of his recovery. Ve have accounts from Utah to the 22d of April. Everything in the valley of the Great Salt Lako denoted an inusually prosperous season. The Hon. George A. Smith was on his way to Washington with the constitution of the new State of Deseret. A large immigration was expected this summer, and extensive preparations had een made for its reception. In the LNew York money-market money continued abundant, and discount rates were declining, foreign exchanges were dull, and little was done for the steamer. Bankers' bills for London, at 60 days, were quoted at 1091; Paris, 5f. l64-c. In the cotton market the sales during the week were light. The niunber of bales disposed of after the receipt of the Arabia's and Ericsson's news was about 2000,without change in quotations; flour declined about 10 cents per barrel; wheat from 2c. to 3c. per bushel. Corn| as heavy at about previous rates. Pork was firmer, with sales of mess madeat $19. Sugars were active, with sales of I,000 to 1,200 hhds., including Cuba and Porto Rico, at full prices. The advance within the past two days has been fully id. -The sales of coffee embraced aboutl,500 bags IaGuayra, at Ilic. I to 11ic. Freights were steady, with fair engage- | mentsfor Lverpool and London at steady prices.
Iirx's COLLEGE.-In our report of the distribution of prizes at King's College in our paper of Saturday, the name of Osbert rynes CHinton was omitted as Divinity prnzeman and Mathematical prizeman of the first year in the department of the mied an applied sciences. The names of thec prize m en for Na tuzral hilosophy rwere also, inadvertently, omitted. They are Mr. James Brown and Mr. Augustus T. Fleay. RoYAL CoLLli oF Pimsrcou s.-At the USUal quarterly meeting of the Comitia Majora, beld on Wednesday, the 25th inst.. the folowing gentlemen,having undergonethe necessary examinations, were admitted :-Dr.Ward, FinsPury-circus, a member of the College; Dr. Goddardt York-place, Brighton; Dr. James Keess, Ma2dras; Dr. Charles wMillar, Leamington;* and Dr. Merle, Oxford-street, Manchester, as extra IAicentiates. At the sarme Comitia Dr. Alderson, Dr. Guy, Dr. Black, and Dr. Pitman wreC electkd Censors for the ensTung year.
BANQY2P TO' GR,PAL WVILLIAMS AT THZE ARMf Y AND NAVY CLUB. The mnembers of the Army and Navy Clab took ocdiAioh on Saturdzy eveninig to testify their sympathy and cordial approbetiorn of the conduct of their gallant brother in armns, the hero of Ears. The ordinary proceedings of the West-end club,s are very properly regarded as private in their character, but on occasions like the present the proceedinDs become of public and general interest, and a very natural aDxiety cxists on the part of the public to learn sonlething of what so distinrguished an officer as General Williams uiay state in reply to the congratulations of his friends. Thu committee of the club very properly viewed the banxquet to General Williams in thi3 light, and departed fromn their ordinary rale of privacyin regard to thvir proceediugs. The arrangenuents were made by acormittee consisting of the following members of the club :-Colonel Danie31, Colonel L)'Arley, C ,lonel Hay, Captain Otviay, M.P., Captain Paul-on. l.Nt., and Elon. A Murray, R.N. novers were l.aid for 110, and thecompany sat down to dinner at a few minutes after S o'clock. The chair was taken by Colonel Daniell. On the right of the chairman sat the guest of the evening, Sir William Fenwick Williams, who wore the ir,signia of the Order of the Bath, the GrandCross of the Legion of Honour, and the Order of the hledjidi6 0 n thelmft of the chairman were Colonels Lake and Teesdale. the aides-de-camp of the gallant General. Oni entering the apartment Sir W. Williams was received with several rounds of cheering, the entire company standing till the gallaut Generai had taken his seat. The cloth having been reroved, Colonel DANTMLL (the chairman) proposed " The health of Her Majesty," which was drunk with great applause. The CniRatAN- next proposed " The health of His Majesty the Emperor of the French," and in doing so said,It mnust be fresh in the recollection of the members how, in former titues, His Majesty was good enough to make this club his honie. U(heers ) When I had the pleasure of seeing His Majesty at Paris, I can assure yoe he had not forgotten his former connexion with us, and spoke in terms of the highest praise of the cordial reception of this club, and mentioned nsany inehnbers of the club in terms such as could not fail to be highly gratifying to them. With respect to our guest, Sir Fenvwck Williams, who is seated near me, what has been the conduct of His MAjesty P It has been that of one who could quickly appreciate the merit of that gallant General. (Cheers.) Hardly had the news of the repunlse of the Russians before Kars arrived at Paris when he immediately despatched to him the order of the Begion d'Honneur. (Cheers.) They should admire this in His MAljesty. rememberinjg the ancient maxim "Bis dat qui oito dat " Beyond this, His Majesty, on the return of General Williams added to it the Grand Cross of the Ligion d'Honneur, accompanying it with allthose encomiums which the gallant General so richly deserved. (Cheers.) The toast was draunk with the most enthusiastic cordiality. The COmumi&sxA next proposed "The health of Prince Albert and the zest of the Royal Family," The toast was drurnk with great cheering. The CILUIRMIAN next proposed the toast of the evening, "The health of the gallant Sir WilliamFenwick Williams, Bart." I shall not attempt, said the gallant chairman, to sketch the history of the campaign inrthich ourgallant guest has been engaged. We have all felt a deep interest in the success of his oxertions, and have endeavouredto make ourselves acquainted with all that was done. The details which w.re walnting have been most ably supplied by one who I regret is not here to witness the ovation which we have given to the gaUant General-I mean Dr. Sandwith. (Cheers.) You are all aware that there never waa a man who was so much the model of. that Artillery service to which he belonged as General Williams, he was here, there, and everywhere. (Cheers.) A greater compliment could not be paid to our gallant guest than that which was paid to him by a noble Turk when he gave up Kars to tho Russians. The words he made use of were, "Williams Pasia is no end of a man." (Loud cheers.) He has been universally welcomed back to this country, and every heart in this room must beat auxiouslyat the mention of his name. (Cheers.) General Williams has won the esteem of his country, and the respect and admiration of all-I wiil not say of his enemies-but of his adversarics. (Cheers.) Honosrs have been showered upon him, rewards have been given him, but let the gant General be assured that if neither the one nor the other had been given to him he would have found here an outstretched hand, a cordial and hearty welcome, ard an appreciation of that merit which he has so gallantly displayed. Brothers-in-arms, I PropOSe to you "The health of the gallant defend.er of Kars, Sir William Fenwvick Williams." The toast vsas drunk with a display of enthusiasmi rarely i before manifested on any public occasion. Round after round of cheering followed in rapid succession, and was continued for several minutes. Silence having been at length restored, General WiLriatis rose amid a scene of great enthusiasm, and, when a partial cessation of the cheering perrmitted him a hearing, said,-Colonel Daniell, my comrades, andzbrother officers in both services,-In rising to return my most sincere thanks to you for the high honour you have done me, if I felt any apprehension of breaking down in the task which I have to perfornm in addressing to you a few words as a soldier, I should be sheeted and encouraged by seeing Colonel Daniel, an old and intimate friend of many years' standing, and many other old faces here around me. (Hear, hear.) And I may add that I am happy to see so many new and young faces-the heart's blood of the army-here to do sue honour to-night. (Cheers.) This reflection will cheer mewill buoy me up for the few minutes I am about to address you. ("Hear," and cheers.) The terms in which Colonel Daniell has oroposed my health and the manner in which yoa have respoided to this- proposition-the enthusiasm with which you have dunmk it-do, I assure you, demand my most sincere, my most hearty thanks. (Hear, hear.) When I look around this room, and witness this scene, and then call to mind that I was one of the original members of this club-that out of the 25 years I have been in the army I have passed 23 in foreign service, and that whenever I returned to England, either for recreation or on account of ill-healtb, this has been my home-that in this room I have breakfasted and dined day by day-I say to myself that if on the day I first put down my name as a member of this club, any man had told me thatlshouldlive to see such a day as this, I should have conceived that he was whispering nonsense to me. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I assure you that what I say I feel; but the honours and encomiums which have been passed on me must not be accepted by myself alone. My career-whatever it may have been-which has received so much honour-my history is associated with that of both my brother officers who are presenthere this evening. (Hear.) But I imust tell you there sits Colonel Lake (cheers) -there sits the man who was continually by my side working by day at the fortifications, and watchin unceasingly by them at night. (Cheers.} There, too, sits Teesdale. (Cheers.) Alas! Thompson is no more-I cannot present him to you, but I can assure you that they never would have lived until the eventful day of the 29th of September if I had not laid upon them the iron hand of discipline. For day by day they were engaged with the enemy, and it was only my stern word of command which preserved them up to thelast dayof the struggle. Loetme also point out to you amy young secletary-a youth whomItook with mefroin his mother, and who proceeded step by step in his career until the eventful day when, taking command of a battery, he did, I assure you, most essential service to our cause. (Cheers.) I wish to associate myself with these my gallant companions in arms, and to share with them the honour which you have bestowed upon me. (Cheers.) I have a sacred duty to perform, also, in brinning to your notice the constant encouragement whieh I received from the hlinister of State under whom I was particularly engaged-I mean Lord Clarendon. (Cheers.) His despatches when they arrived among us produced, as it were, a kind of electrical shock -which impelled us to go on. We were not at the time a melancholy crew, we were laughing, we were merry, we were like men that would not be extinguished. We were surrounded by very great difficulties, but whenever the despatches arrived they produced a most extraordinary effect upon us. Not only were these despatches rexd among us, but there were numerous private letters read from that nobleman, and if we had not, on the receipt of them, exerted ourselvestothe utmost of our power, and valued our lives at the worth of a straw, we should not have been worthy of the name of Englshmen. (Cheers.) I can assure you that the verysoldiers who servedwith3mewerereadytodie for him. (Cheers.) On a former occasion, at the banquet at the Trinity-house, I had an opportunity of returning my thanks to Lord Pal. merston, another nobleman with whom my career began, It was Lord Palmerston who sent me out to those countries. (Hear.) I had returned four or five times before I came under Lord Clarendon. I received from Lerd Palmerston the greatestkindnessand the greatest consideration, and to that kindness and that consideration I assure you I owe my p resent position. (Hear, hear.) This, entlemen is what I particularly wished to say with te rd to myself and the English army. I must now tell you abut the glory of the Turkish army (hear)-men who,when I caiethem, were starving, were without clothes, men without hope (hear, hear); but-such was their confidence in the efforts which I was able to make for them that they stood by me in the most gallant manner. No troops on earth could have behaved better than those men ; for instance, on one occasion, at the battle of the 29th September about which you have all read (loud cheers), they had, been working all day and watching all night at those fortifications; hut l wish to ,peak trosyo particularly abcout the 29th of September. he weenot on this occasion an unruly. undisciulined force behindwals, hut were disciplined soldiers, standig behind their entrenchments. Colonel Lake could tell you what they did, for no one could help admiring theircourage, their dircipinetheheir file fire, their rolling fire. I assure you that neither the Guards of teidon nor those of Paris could have surpassed them. From early dawntill an houraftermidday that fire continued-the noise of a thousand drums never ceased for a moment; therefore you may suppose what soldiers the were. When the enemy got into those intrenclments, whch, in consequence of the absolute necessity for protecting other points, were for the time unmanned, they were driven out again by those brave little fellows at the point of the bayonet. (En thusiastic applause.) There is also a sacred duty which I have to perform, because, when you recollect how much blood has been spilt for the defence of Turkey, we must all feel some gratification in knowing that there is still some vitality in thattcruntry (cheers), and that, if Turkey be true to herself, and if foreign nations will hold a high tone towards her, she is safe from the power of Russia. There is one point more to which I wish to allude before I sit down and that is, that although I was not serving with the army in the Crintea, I was attached to it, and received my instructions from that great and good man who unhappily did not live to see the result of the war. I mean LordRalan. (Cheers.) The last moments of that gallant nobleman were embittered, and greatly so, from the total w,ant of s-sstsm, which we experienced when we began the war. We had, in fact, been asleep for 40 years, and when we went into the war we were sent out half-awake. I cannot adeouately describo toyou the joy, the almost electrical shock wfich s caused by the arrival of the, news of the victories-of that gallant army in the Crimea w;hile wre were in the centre of Arme. nia. When the story of Alma, qf Inklermann, and after. wvards of the fall of Sebastopol, ws brought to us, nothing could exceed the enthusiasm of those fine Turks, and you may easily suppose what our joy and enthlusiasm were at hearing the welcome newvs of the glories achieved by that brave infantry which never yet turned its bhcI on a foe. (Loud cheers)3 Isay thatinfantry which never turned its hack, which from the days of Wolfe has been the fo'mda. tion of our t.eatness, whose Courage bathing can shake or overwill saba e. (Loud cheers.) In this respect I believe that onr army is second to none. (Cheers.) -You may imagne the emnotions w,hichi I feel. I could and would say many things nore, but Ithink that at the dinner-table there should he some limit to speeches. Ao vw me to propose a toast which I am sure you will drink with cordiality. We all witnesstheadmirable arrangements that have beeu made here. (Hear, hear.) I do not think I exaggerate when I say that this scene recalls to one's mind. some of those described in the Arabian NWggtu3. (Hear, hear.) Nothid" could exceed the arrangements, and £ am sure you will alt join me in drinking " The Chairman, the Committee, and the Secretary," who have carried them out. (IHear, hear.) The toast was duly honoured. Mr. OTXYAY, M.P., was about to propose a toast, which would, he was convinced, be received with great cordiality -it was "the health of those gallant and distinguished offlcers who had acted on the staff of General Wiliams during his Eastern campaign." (Hear, hear.) It had often been stated that the staff of an army were its " eyes and ears.' If that were the case then never had general been more fortunate in his staff than had been the galant officer whom they were all proud to entertain that evening. It would be idlo for him (Mr. Otway), after the speech they had heard from Sir William Williams, to detain themn by any lengthened observations on the achievements of that staff; but wherever the defence of Ears was spoken ofwherever the name of Williams was invoked-there, also, would the names of Lake, Teesdale, Thompson, and Sandwith bh remembered. (Loud cheers.} It was eustomary in the House of Commons for hon.r members to take very different views on almost every matter which came before them; but when the announcement of the honour conferred on General Williams was made to tho House, and Her Majesty's message, proposing his annui'y, wasread to them, there was one unanimous cheer from all sides, the loudest he (Mr. Otway) had ever heard there ; but scarcely less enthusiastic was the reception given to the proposition of an hon. member that a public recognition of the services of General Williams' staff should be made by Parliament. ("1 Hear, hear," and cheers.) He had, therefore, not the slightest doubt of the manner in which that company would drink the health of Colonel Lake, Colonel Teesdale, Mr. Churchill, and the other members of the staff of General Williams. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) Colonel LMAE, in returning thanks, said,-I have never experienced greater difficilty in my life than in returning thanks in the name of my gallant companions in arms for the great honour which you have done us. The terms in which my gallant friend has proposed our healths, although very undeserved, are still most gratifying to us. With such a commander before us as General Williams we should have been unworthy of the name of Englishmen if we had not done our utmost to support himn. (Cheers.) His example always animated us. After the speech which he has made it would ill become me to say anything further on that subject, and in conclusion I can only thank you for the honour which you have done us by proposiug and drinking our healths. (Cheers.) General WsILLIAMS then proposed "the health of the officers of the army of the Crimea," an army whose career, from the moment of their first landing in the Crimea until the moment of their return had been one constant scene of J abnegation of every comfort, and one brilliant display of courage, such as had never been surpassed by any army. It had never met the enemy in the field without worsting them, it had repulsed all the attaclks madeilpon it in the trenches, and after the completion of the trenches it had destroyed the impregnable fortress of SobastopoL The CHARnAN returned thanks for the toast, and in doing so paid a high compliment to the sister service, the navy, for the valuable assistance which it had rendered to the army in the Crimea. General PROCTOR. proposed "the health of General Mouravieff, the commanding officer of the Russian troops before -ars." The toasts which they had already received had referred to friends and countrymen. This toast was that of one who was our enemy. He trusted that there was no onepresent who would not be ready to estimatetrue merit wherever found, to do honour to a brave man and a soldier, whether friend or foe. He felt satisfied that the toast wonld stand well on its own merits, and he would simply propose "the heale, of General Mouravieff." The toast was drunk with extraordinary enthusiasm and with loud and prolonged cheering. General WILLnruts, in replying to the toast, said,-In rising to return thanks for the honour which youL have done to my friend, General Mouravieff, I can assure you that I never performed a dutyr more grateful to my heartt I believe that in the military profession-and I will not except any couLntry on the face of the earth-there is not one who adorns that profession more higzhly than Genieral Mouravieffi (Cheers.) He is a "man of the 6lden time." (Loud cheers.) He is one of the most upright, honest, brave, and kind men in existehce. From the very moment that we entered his camp, although we had inflicted very severe losses on his army, we were received with a charm, a frankness, and a delight which all gentlemen feel when they receive a friend. He received us in his camp as comrades, and from that time till the time we quitted the Russian dominions we were treated with the greatest kindness. It may be said that, to be sure, such chivalry was to he expected from such high quarters; bet when I tell you that he was equally kind and humane to the Turk,to the Turkish soldier, to the suffering starving host, who went out to deliver themselves up that day, then I think OmU wil give a cheerfor GeneralMouravieff. (Great cheering.) rom that moment every arrangement which humanity could suggest and which, the most txte.uive Cornmissairat could execute was carried out. (Hear.) They clothed and re-clothed the Turks. (Hear.) As chidren of the Desert some of these Turks solitheir clothes, not to buy drinlk, but to buy sugar or anything in that way. (Hear, hear.) They acted and were treated like children of the Desert. ("Hear, hear," and cheers.) I wish to say also a word respecting the army of General Mouravieff-that splendid army-that army of polished steel. I assure you it was magnificent. It was w.it the greatest devotion to the Sovereign that they came down upon us, from daydawn to sunset, for seven mortal hours; although they sutained the most severe losses, there was not a singlo moment of hesitation in the efforts and movements of that fine army. They came forward, attack after attack, in a roanner which would have gladdened the heart of every soldier to have seen. When they were assailed by a fire as well directed, asbeautifully directed as ever came from a position, they never recoiled until the moment when they were ordered to do so; and when the game was up they treated us like friends and brothers. They sacrificed themselves in the most splendid, most beautiful manner; they detached themselves from the flanks of the columns, and came forward and made walls of themselves in front of their batteries. When we came to mix among them only two months after this terrible infliction, as the 'Iurks would say, " there was not an evil eye among them," there was the eye of friendship and the hand of a comrade from one end of Russia to another. (Cheers.) That was the feeling as we went along through the country. Of the Sovereign of that empire I speak in the same strain, and, in fact, higher. I can assure you it would he quite impossible to exceed the kindness and consideration which I received from the Emperor. Here, again, you may say this would be expected from so high a quarter, but when I tell you that he is considered byEis subjects from one end of his country to the other as being really the spirit of benevolence, then I am sure you wi give a cheer for the Emperor of Russia. (Cheers.) In returning thanks for the honour you have done General Mouravieff, as I said at the commencement I shall say at the end, that I never felt more proud in my life, and again I have the pleasure of returning you a thousand thanks. Captain MURRAY here shouted out, "We have not had half enough of cheering; let us have one cheer more for Mouravief." (Laughter and renewed cheers.) Another officer immediately called for one cheer more for the Emperor of Russia, a call which was most heartily responded to by the company. The CEAnRuAN, in the course of somne remarks respecting the navy, adverted to the great kindness and attention exhibited by the naval officers towards allthe sickand wounded who were sent on board their ships during the campaign. After the toast of " Our next merry meeting" the company separated.
COURT CIRCULAR. Prince Frederick Willi=m of Prussia took leave of the Queen and Prince Albert on Saturday, on his return to Prussia. His Royal Eighness went in the afternoon to pay visits to his Royal Highness Prince Oscar of Sweden, at Clanidge's Hotel, and to the Duke and Duchess of Sutherland, the Duke and Duchess of Wellington, the Duke of Hamilton, and the Prussian Minister and Countess Bernstorf, at their respective residences. Later intheafternoon Prince Oscar of Sweden visited and took leave of Prince Frederick lilliam, at Buckiangham Palace. The Duke of Cambridge took leave of his Royal Highness on Friday Tvel &-nce quitted Buckingham Palace about ten zminutes before 8 o'clock in the evening, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Dr. Wepner, and also by Colonel Francis Seymour, Groom in Waiting to Prince Albert. The Royal party drove in two of the Queen's carriages to the London-bridge terminus, where the Prussian Minister, Count Bernstorff, attended and took leave of his Royal Highness. The Prince and his suite travelled in the Royal saloon carrage on the South-Eastern Railway to Dover, and went on board the Belgian packet for Ostend. Colonel F. Sevamour attended his Royal Highnees to the steampacket, and afterwards returned to London. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited Her MIajesty on Saturday morning at Buckinghain Palace. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort rode on horseback on Saturday, attended by Ca tin the Hon. D. de Rlos. The Prince of Wales visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester on Saturday at Glocester-house. His Royal Highness inspected Featon's Crimean photographs in Piccaldilly. On Saturday his Royal Highness Prince Alfred, acco npanied by Dr. Becker, again inspected the picture of Hier Majesty's firstvisit to the Crimea soldiers by 31r. Barrett, at the gallery, 162, Piccadilly; and on the samie occasion also iaspected Fenton's Crimean photographs. Prince Arthur and the Princesses HIelena and Louisa took a drive in an open carriage and four. Yesterday Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales, the Princess Alice, the Duchess of Kent, and the ladies and gentlemen of the Court and the domestic household, attended divine service in the chapel of Bucldngbam Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. Mr. John Wood, Chairman of the Board of Tnland Revenue, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday at his official residence in Downingstreet. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat on Saturday, present Sir J. Patteson, Sir William Maule, Dr. Lushington, and Sir Edward Ryan. The appeal from the Prerogative Court, " Dyke v. Barton" (partheard), was concluded. Despatches were sent to the Governor of the Cape of Good flope on Saturday from the Colonial-office.
FAT.AL Ali MILITARY INT. LLrGBXC The folowino ,c. )ii of the navaland military movemnents at Malta is fr,i tZe letter of our correspondent, dated June 22 "Her Majesty's screw steariit ' &,," the line Majestic Arrived from Spithe.um on the l1th, and lofdt r the Cimer al on the l2th. The James Watt, another Britlih Snrx" steam liner preceded her on the 10th, followed on the llth by the Exmouth and the Brunswick, also screw steamships of tthe line. "H er Majesty's steam frigate Retribution arrived on the 12th from Gibraltar, and proceeded to Balaklava on the samne day. "1 Her Majestys steam frigate Dragot arrived fromn Plymonth and Gibraltar on the 13th, aLnd left for Balaklava on the 15th. " Her Majesty's screw steam line of battle ship Ccnturion arrived from Plyuiouth aud Gibraltar ona the 1ith, and left for the Black Sea ou the 15th. "The steam transport Australian arred from Plymouth on the 13th. "Her iMajesty's screw steam line of battle ship A7gers arrived from Prtsne,uth on the 13th, and on the 1'th Her Mlajesty's screw steam line of battle ship Colossus, li;ewise fsom England. Both veosels left for the Black Sea on the 15th. "1The Spartan steam transport arrived from Liverpool on the 14th, and lfta for Constantinople on the same day. " The Royal George screw steamship of the line arrived on the 14th from Plymouth and Gibraltar, and on the 15th the Sanspareil, screw steam line of battle ship, from lgiers, tron which port, Gibraltar, and England, Her Mtajesty's se.sew steaml frigate Seahorse arrived on the same day. 'The R al Gferge danOdn Snsparelileft on the 15th fortheBlak Sa, ollwedon he 7thbythe Seahorse. "The Burliiigtoni sailing transport, from Woolwich, arvdon thel1Uth. "The Andes steam transport 'arrived from Portsmouth on the 17th, aud returned to England with troops on the 20th. ".Her Majesty's screw steam frigate Eurotas arrived on the 19th fromn lPortswouth, Gibraltar, and Algiers, and left for Balaklava oni the 21st. "1The Istaniboul and the Pioneer steam transports left for Constantinople on the 10th, followed by the Robert Lowe steam tranisport on the 12th. " The Pacific st,?au transport left for the Crimea on the 12th. The Noriuain steam transport left on the same day for Constantinople. "f Her Majesty's screw steamshipof theline Royal Albert, left for Constantinople on the 15th. Cnlc eto h "Her Majesty's screw steam sloop Conflict left on the 19t fo Tuis,coneyig te nwlyappointed ConsulGeneral thereat, Mr. Wood, and family.P "The Star of the South sailing transport left for Eng- "Her Majesty's screw steam line of battle ship St. Jean d'Acre left for Purtsmouth on the 11th. " The Wanderer transport sailing bark left for England on the 13th. "hThe Queen Victoria steam transport left for England v4th troops on the 20th. " The bark sailing transport Leonard Dobbin, with ammunition and stores, arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 12th,andleftfor Gibraltaronthe 4th. '9lhe Ottowa steam trausport arrived from Balallava and Canstantinople on the 12th. B The Gamont, sailing brig transport, with stores fromi Baiahlava for Spithead, arrived on the .12th and proceeded on the day following. " 1The Bahianaa ste-am transport arrived from Balaliava with 120 horses on the 12th, and left for England onA the 13th, having on board General Crawford, GrenadierGuards, other officers, and 303 non-commissioned officers and privatesof variousregiments; Captain Tower, Captain Niapier, Captain L-ord, the Rayv. 'Mr. Brown, and Lieuteniant Blwes, 7th. - I The Imperatrice English steam transport, with stores, arrived from Sebastopol and Constantinople on the 12th and after landing part of a patent slip, taken from the enemy, left for England on the 14th. "The Sarnia steamn transport arrived from Constantinople on the 13th, and left for London on the 14th. "The Earl of Aberdeen steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 13th,and leftfor Eruland on the 14th. "The fCharity steama transport, froni ConstantinepeI arrived on the 14th, and left for Constanttin pleon the 18th. "1The Albatross sailing tranlsport, with GovernmentI stores, from Constantinople, arrived on the 16th, and left for Corfu on the 17th. "The Libra sailing transport arrived front Constantinep lon he 6th an let fr Gbrataron the 18thi. "he George Rogers sailng transport arrived from Con- " The John MIastermea sailing transport, with gunapowder and other annunimtion, arrived from Constantinople on "The screw steam transport Peninsula arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 19th, and left for Gibraltar and Spithead on the 20th. "The London sailng transporL arrived from Constantinople on the 19th, and left for England on the 20th. " The Adelaide steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 20th, and left for England on the same day.. "IThe Victoria steamn transprt arrived from Balaklava on,the 20th, andleft for Spithead on the folowing day. " The Plrince Arthnr steam transport arrivedl front Balaklava on the 20thi, and left for Sliithead on the following day.Th "The Ayrshire sailing transport arrived from Constantinople on the 21st with stores. I" The Goldeii Fleece steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 21st. "The James Watt sailing-vessel, with Government stores from Constantinople, passed Malta or the 21stboundto England. "The Orinoco steam transport left for Corfu on the 11th. "The City of London steam tansport arrived from Genoa on the 20th. " The Jean Bart, French screw steam line of battle ship, left for the Crimea on the 1OLh " The Caledonia steam transport, in the French service, having in tow the Oromocto sailing transport, arrived from Marseilles on the 14th. Both vesseTh left for Iamiesch on the 15th. - "The Athenian steam transport, having in tow the Amercan ship Edgar P. Stringer, arrived on thel5th from Marseilles. Both vessels left on the same day for Kamiesch. " The San6, French steam frigate, arrived from Marseilles on the 19th, and left for Constantinople en the samae day, "The English sbip Delta, in the French transport service, arrived from Sebastepol on the 11th. The French screw steamship of the line Prince Jerome arrived fromKaniiesch on thel3th, and leftforMarseilles on the 14th, " The French steam transport Frangois Arage arrived from Constantinople. on the 14th, havin- in tow the Allewanean American ship transport. Boti vessels left for Marseilles on the 15th. "The Columbian, English steam transport in the French service, wiith 2,131 offlcers, non-commuissioned officers and privates, and having in tow the American ship Great Rcepublic, with 2,802 officers, non-commissioned officers, and srivates, arrived from Constantinople on the15th. BDth these vessels left for Marseilles on the same evening, "The Birkenhead sailimn transport in the French service left for Marseilles on the 10th. "The French steani corvette Tisiphone, frona the Pirsius, arrived orx the 15th, having in tow the Jupiter French ship of the line from Eamiesch with 1,098 officers, rank and file, Both vessels left on the same evening for Marseilles. "The Passepartout French Government despatch steamer arrived from ripoli on the 20th. h" The American ship Haitley arrived from Kamniesch oct the 21st. "The French screw steam line of battle ship Eleurns arrived on the 21st from anamiesch, bringing General Varelle, 55 other officers, and 1,250 non-commissioned officers and privates. " The Sardinian steam frigate Governolo arrived fromn Genoa on the 21st, having on board his Excelency Count Mosi, the newv Sardnian Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte, and left for Constantinople on the 22d. The English schooner yacht Czarina arrived froin Constantinople on the loth, and sailed on the 18th for Gibraltar. "H Ifer Majesty's despatch steamer Caradoc, which arrived from Marseilles on the 6th, for the purpose of conveying to Enjland the daughters of Lord Stratford do Redcliffe, left again on the 10th, with the Misses Canning, Mrs. Rose, Captain Webster, and Major-General Shirley, who arrived at Malta on the same day, in the Harbinger steam-transport, from Constantinople. "Her Majesty's despatch steamer Banshee arrived from Constantinople on the 21st, bringing General Lord Gough, returning from his mission to the French army in the Crimea, accompanied by Major-General Sir W. H. Barnard, Colonel Bates, CaptainBaiie, and Captain Barnard, who left in the same vessel for MIarseilles. "The Indus, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from Southampton and Gibraltar on the 14th. TheIndusleftfor Alexandriaonthe 15th. H Her Majesty's steampacket Triton left for Corfa and Zante on the 15th. "The Valetta, Perninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from 3Earsefles on the 15th, vith the overland London mails of the 10th. "The Simois and the Danube, French postal steamners, arrived on the 15th from Marseilles. The Simois left for Alexandria, and the Denube for Sra, Smyrna, and Constantinople, on the same evening. " The Arcadia, screw steamer, from Liverpool, arrived on the 14th. She left for Syra and Constantinople on the 14th. " The Tage, French steamer, Arrived on the 17th from Marseilles, andleft for Alexandria on the same day. - " The Jason, Lady Russell, and Orinoco transports, and Her Majesty's ships London, Rodney, and Queen, Odin, Furious, and Terrible have also arrived front the East, all troop laden, homeward bound." The followinng vessels pas>sed the Bosphorns on passage to En'land and Mlalta on the 24th, 25th, and 26th inst - 9he Osprey, wFith 250 men Royal Artillery.I The PacHi¢i, for Malta, w ith the 71st Highlanders. The Scinde, for Malta, 'with two companies of the 7lst Regiment. Her Majesty's ship Centurion, with the head-quarters of the 20th eent, and 400 of thq Royal Artllery. Saturday last being the anniversary of Her MIajestys coronation, the fleet at Portsmouth dresed ship at 8 o'clock, and the Royal standard was hoisted on all the Government establishments, the piers, King's P.avelin and Rooms, &-c., and at noon a general Royal salute was fired by the ships' and garrison guns, and merxy peals from the parish church bels were rung out in honour of the day. To-day business vill be suspended in the borough and dockyard, and a general holyday will be observed in accordance with aunual custom. - The steam-transport Medway, No. 226, arrived at Spithead on Saturday. morening, from the East, witlh Lieutenant-Colonel Marriott, Major Hoste, C.B., Captains Leslie, Clarke, and -Brabazon, Lieutenants Keate, Downes, and Bazalgette, Assisant-Snrgeon- Webb, Veteuinary Surgeon Saunders, 117 men and 193 hoises of Royal ArtiUery (the H and -Batteries); -Lieutenant Dawson, 17 men, and 15 horses of the 6th rEnniskiUen) Dragoons; Deputy Assistant-Commissaxy-Generals Ramsden, Cunming, and Moore, the Rev. W. Hobson,'Paymaster JRowe,. InMostyn, R.N., andAssistant-Sargeon khillipps, artillery gans, waggons, &c. '1jialaAtrxnsport Jara, No. 14, arrived at Spithead from the East oil Sturday evening. 'She' Ieft Balallava June 11; Constantinople 13; MAlta, 17, and Gibraltar, 23. She brongh Mj3ior-Generd Lawrenoe, C.B., Of the Riide Brigade, and Captain etse, AJD.C. ;_ Mlajor Newton, Captains Counill, .Pigou, and Stratt, Lieutenanfs Blakiston, Shakerley, and Law, Ik). Manley, aad Veterinary-Sargeon Hing-all of the Royal Artillery; Lieutenant Robartson, of the 88th; Lieutenants SamPso1, Greave3, Villiers, and St. Cro,ir, of the 31th; Liezeenants Morgani and Knox, of the 19th; Lieutenants Kerr, Moeson, O'Brien, Courtney, Foster, and Tibeaudo, of the 7th Royal Fusileers; the Rer. xessrs. Sykes, Boudier, and WMillshire, army chaplains; Bandmaster Carew, of the 62d, and family; 167 men of the X battery, 14-i horses ditto; 63 men, and 54 horses of the Bali Cartridge Brigade; 33 officerse servants, 20 horses, &' On the 24th inst., off Capt St. Vinoent, the Jura passed Her Majesty's ship Medusa, with Her Majesty's ship Apollo intow, forSpithead. The Alster,. Harbinger, and Itnperatriz transports landed their troops at Portsmouth dockyard on Saturday, and they were promptly moved off to their respectiYe quarters by railway. The Qaeen, 116, Captain Robert F. Stopford, on arrival from the Crimea, is ordered to be paid off at Plymouth. The transport Diligence was towed from Hatnoase into Plymouth Sound on Friday, and sailed on the same day, vwith M1r. Madge, Master of the Royal William, and a party of riggers, for Pembroke. whence they will return with the screw steam-sloop Cordelia, 8, recently launched. The paddlewheel steaia-frigate Vulture, 6, Captain Frederickl H. H. Glasse, was undocked at Keyham, Plymouth, on Fr.day, and placed at her sailing moorings. The paddlewheel steamvessel Avon, 3, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Friday. The following offlcers returned from the Crimea by the screw steam-transport Holyrood, No. 77, Captain Fudge which touched at Plymouth on 'riday:-Lieutenat. Colonel Grant, Mfajor Sutton, Staff-Surgeon Wolseley, Surgeon Dickenson, and Mr. Morel, of the Turkish Con tingent; Captain Beresford, 49th Regiment, and lady; Surgeon Robertson, lUedical Staff; Major Talbot, British German Legion; Assistant-Conmmissary-General Thompson, Captain Allen, Surgeon(3regor, Assistant-SargeonHogan, and the Rev. Theophilus Pauline. Captain Lovell's No. 3 company of the 7th battalion Royal Artillery having been under orders for some months past for Western Australia, during which time they have gone through a cour-se of ordnance instructions, will sail to-day for their destination from Woolwich. They were inspected on Saturday on the Royal Artillery parade by Lieutenant-General Whinyates, Commandant of the garrison, and, having beon medically attested, were passed for foreign service. Some detachments, likewise of the Royal Artillery, are about to leave head-quarters, Woolwich, for the Cape of Good Hope. The freight ship Charity has arrived off Woolwich for the purpose of embarking ordnance stores for Gibraltar. The Hannah Fovnes, freight ship, 896 tons register, Captain J. Robertson, is ordered down to Woolwich fron the docks to ship war stores for Sydney. Invitations tomeet Major-General SirW. F. Williamsthenewly-appointed Commandant of Woolwich garrison, at the mess dinner of the Royal Atillery, at Woolidch,-tO take place on the 3d of July, were i3sued on Thursday last. In consequence of the departure of a number of offieers for Australia and the Cape, and the absence of others on leave, covers will be laid for not exceeding 156 persons, consisting of the officers of the mess committee, a portion of the Staff officers of Horse Guards, General Williams's own immediate Staff, and the heads of departments at Woolwicsh The Elk, 12-gun sloop, Captain C. Hamilton, arrived at Sheerness on Saturday from Chatham, and anchored -at Blackltakes, to take in her ammunition, shell, &c.. She will leave to-morrow for Plymouth, where she will receive her orders for her future destination. The destination of the Niger, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, is the West Indies, instead of the East Indies and China. Her Majesty has been pleased, on tl7.1 recommeddation of the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief, to give her sanction for granting annuities to each of the following noncommissioned officers belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners at Chatham, for meritorious military service, viz.- Colour-Sergeant H. M'Don0ld, an annuity of 207., for dixtinguished service and gallant conduct in the field.; Qaarteimaster-SergeiztJH_ Brown, the annuity 6f 10L, relintquished.by Quartermaster Connolly on his promotion to be Quartermaster; Colour-Sergeant J. Donelan, the annuity of 101., relinquished by Quartermaster Bradford on his promotion to be Quartermaster. Her Majesty bas also been graciously pleased to order that silver medals, with gratuities, be awarded to each of the following noncbmmissioned officers and men for distinguished service and gallant conduct in the field :-Colour-Sergeant A. x- M'Leod, gratuity of 16L.; Corporals J. J. Stanton, S. Cole, J. Paul, W. Trimble, lOl.; Corporals J. T. Collins, W. Jenkins, and C. Rinky, Privates W. Harrey, W. Orr, W,. Bruce, A. M'Caughey, J. Moncur, N. M'Innes, and A. Fairservice, 51. The following have also been awarded medals and gratuities for long service and good conduct --SergeantMajor J. Poole, Staff-Sergeant R. Leonard, Colour-gergeants B. Darley and J. Silllfant, and Sergeant E. Lynn, each 151.; Sergeants S. Mann, H. Doc;erby, andJ, Ponton, each 101.; Privates-W. Farquhar, E. Isaac, and T. Marsh, each 5L. Colo;ar-Sergeant J. Lewis has been granted the gratuity of 151., together with a silver medal, rclinquisheo by Quartermaster-Sergeant H. Brown, on beinggranted the annuity of 101. Mr. Geogge Russell Dartrell, Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals, is nnder orders to proceed to Barbadoes, for the purpose of assuming the command of that station. On Thursday a message was received in Cork from the Lords of the Admiralty, directing that the unrigging of the Conway should not be proceeded with. It is the intention of the Admiralty to continue the Conway at Qxecnstown as a training ship. Last week ani interesting trial was made in tho streets and on the beach at Gosport of a transporting lifeboat carriage, invented by Mr. H. D. P. Cunnzingham, 11 ., the inventor of the deck-reefing patent topsails. This carriage is an improvement on the plan of lifeboat carriage suocessfully applied by the samne officer some years ago to the surf lifebeat at Table-bay, Cape of Good Hope, and has been constructed at the request of the Royal Natioal Lifeboat Institute for their lifeboat at Penzanece. THE MILITIA. The 2d Somerset Militia was reviewed on Thursday, on Claverton Down, near Bath, by Colonel Pinney, prior to the disbanding of the regiment, which took place on Saturday. In the order for the disembodiment of the regiment, issued by Lord Panmure, and addressed to Colonel Pinney, his lordship sayS, "I cannot conclude this letter without expressiuE, through you, the satisfaction which I feel in having the honour -of signifying, on the present occsion, Her Majesty's gracious approbation of tho services of the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men belonging to the regiment under your command.' Colonel Pinney announced that the men would be entitled to a gratuity of a fortnight's pay, half of which they would receive zt once, and the remainder in May next. He also promised them marching money to their respective places of enrolment. The Regiment of Royal RadnorPifleswas notincluded in the return of the regiments of militia in the united kingdom that volunteered for service during tho late war. The regiment, however, volunteered in a body for any service on the 11th of May, 1854
TrE OFFIcERS oF GREzOtIwzcu HosPalm-11e have received copies of a memorial from thc captains, coarmanders, lieutenants, and masters of Greenwvich Hospital to the Board of Admiralty, dated the 28th nit. The memorialists entreated the reconsideration of their cae, as determined last Januayy by Mr. 0aoorne's letter, wherein it 'as stated that the Government did not deem it advisable to Rgrant thcn! their half-pay in addition to the v-arious e.moluments en)yed by them as Governors of Greenwich Elospital. The memorialiatc, for several reasons assigned, humbly prayed the Lords of the Admiralty to pzermit thenm to avail themselres of the order in Coannil of the 30th of July, 1819, and to draw their half-pay in the same manner as other officers in civil employment. On the 2dinst. it was intimated by the Admiralty that the request of the memonalists could not be couplied with. TnE CHAitrTY CommmioSrOXs.-Two bills have been brought frouz the Iords for confirming the sehemes of the hon. the Charity Commissioners for the Endowed School at oultorn (Lincolnshire), aDd the St. MarY'MAgdalen Hospital, near Bath. Tbe existing corporations of each'charity are dissolved, and their mansgement vested in governors and trasteea BuxIiL Aur' AmEmD2YT BaL.-A bill, pre- sented by Lord Portman to the House of Lords, enacts that the 30thsection of the Act 15th and lGth of-Victoria, chap. 85, except such part as relates to the setting apart of X portion of burialagrouds not consecrated, shall erepealed. Any burial board may lay out and embellish butialgrounds in such manner as may be fit and proper, and erect A suit, able building thereon for the perform..nco of tbe funeral service. IV en the burialground is completed the Swir. tary of State will certify the same in writing, stnD.this certificafe will render it obligat4)ry on the biahop ef the diocess to consecrate the ground sithin 21 days:-ilat is to say, if he refuse the archbishop of the pro iinto will dis. charge the duty - in the stead *f the recalcitrant prAat. Bunrialgrounds thus certified will be deedled he 'ke.TI! of the parish foi vvhich provided.
. THE OVERLAND MAIL. -D INDI A. We hate received our private correspondence and paper from Bonmbay to the 27th of May, and Calcutta to the 17th of May. Our Bombay corraspondent, writing on the 2i th of May, says "I t may be remembered that lately, in default of more certain information regardinig the proceedings of the Ameer Dost Mahomed at Candahar and his relations with the Shahzadah, or prince, Yusuf, at Herat, it was rumoured that the Dost and the usurping prince were actually at war with each other, and that a desperate engagement had taken place near a town called Furah. This report, though put forward with some confidence, and obtaining, as may be supposed, very general circulation, found 3ittle credit with those who coollyreflected upon the position of the Ameer at Candabar. To them it appeared impossible to conceive that within so short a time after the difficulties and perils to which he was exposed in his attempts to lo maintain himself in the principality of his brbthers had become patent to all, he should have so far succeeded in eluding or conciliating, or repressing his enemies, and in consolidating his cower, as to venture to denude Candahar of his adherents, a=d, at their head, to tndertake an expedition full of danger and of most uncertain issue. They who thus judged of the Dost and his proceedings judged, as now with certainty appears, quite correctly. Initelligence doown to the 21st of March las reached us from Candahar, and is by no means devoid of interest. It is perfectly clear that Dost 3fahomed has far too much on his hands at present to thiik of moving against Herat. If he ever entertained designs against that town and Prince Yusuf, they mutst be indefinitely abanidoned. Persia, on her side however, chooses to suppose that this is not the case. In a sort of semi-official article appearing in the Jozirnal de Tlzecran, and thence extracted by the Jourtal de Constasiinople, after a mention of the death of the late chief of Candabar, Kohuntdil Xhan, of the arrival at that city of the Ameer (whose relationship to Kohulndil is ignored), of his taking possession of the place, and of the receipt by the Persian Govern3nent of a petitioii for aid against him by the family of the late chief, there occurs the following passage "'Andafterbhavirg seized Candahar the Ameer Dost 3Iahomed Khan resolved to march against HIerat. which the IPrince hMahomed Yusuf, governor of the country, and the other chief men and ulemas, brought to the notice of the Mlinister by petition, earnestly entreating that this proceeding might be prevented, as tending to reverse the order of affairs established a' Herat. " 'On the other side, the Sirdar of Seishtan, AU Ehan wrote to the Mlinister that Dost Mahomed had given order to one of his sons to pillage and devasta'e Seishtan and B3eloochistaa. " ' The Government, seeing that by this conduct, destractive to the public peace, the Ameer Dost MIahomed Khan -was about to overthrow the whole country of Khorassan, sent its troops to Herat, with orders that the Ameer should confine himself to Cabal, that he should relinquish hii intention of marching upon Herat, and should not meddle wvith the alairs of that place or of Candahar; and that, irn fine, the troops were to defend Herat and to prevent all disorders in Khorassan." " I am not aware of any intelligence from Teheran direct or from the Persian Gulf having reached ombay since I last wvrote. -Another steam corvette has been despatched to the Guilf, but merely to relieve one of those at present on the station. Her departure, however, has not failed to attract the attention of those persons-and they form a tolerably numerous class-wvho still believe that the Jncian Government wil have to send an army to the Gulf to occupy the ports, and possibly to advance upon the capital of the Persian empire. "But, to return to the Ameer at Candahar. I cenfess to feeling an interest in the struggles of the oRd chief, unsclrupulousandambitiousas he maybe, in which probably but few English readers will participate; yet s17rely the ultimate fat-and probably the last scene of his eventfull life is not far distant-. of a man of unquestioned ability and address, who -was once our foe, and a daring and gallant onethen for a w;hile our prisoner, till set free to return to a capital in which lire and desolation had fearfully avenged the blood of our fallen countrymen, andvwho is now our ally-annot be unwiorthy of presage and of observation. He wrould appear .to have been, at the date of the last accounts, in a situation whlich w ould task to the utttermost that astute and fertile intellect, and that ;vatchful and ready eye w-hich have carried hwim safely through the many perils of his long and chequered existence. The strife betwveen himself and his nephewvs,w-ho had all managed to escape from Candahar, wfas daily becon ing more and mereen.bittered, a nd was likely at no0 great interval of time to break out into open warfare. The members of the dispossessed fanmily- mecst of Mwhom had originally fled to H:erat and theI Persian_-hadi returncd to thc neighbourhood of C'andahar. Thzere they were successfully bulsy in exciting thle tribes to rise agJainst the Ameer of Cabul. Rsahusodil IKhan, the survivinog chief of Candahar, M-ho had hithlerto been detained in surveillance iy his brother, the Dost, while his sons ansd nephewvs got awvay, had effcted his escape, and, though closaly pressed, had reached tl~ country of tLe Ghilzy-es, and had soeffectually raised the population as to render the road to (Jhlunee almost impa.ssable for adherents of the Ameer, thuls interfering with the march of succour-s from Cabul. At that capital itself there w;ere symptoms of disaffection, 3nd there wvas no very friendly or cordial feeling betwveen the Governor and NAahomed Ameer, the 1)o3t's son, left in charge of his father's interests. :Nor, as a matter of course, among so many stimulants to insulrrection, wrere those of religion and fanaticisma wanting. The English alliance is throwvn in the teeth of the Dost. by the MIollaha of Candaliar. He is the friend of the infidel, and, as such, dowin with him. H-e is more than their friend, he is their obtedient slave, and defiles himself by listening to and acting upon their interested and ever-tohe loathced advice. It is they that have urged him upon Candakar, and when he shall have brought under his rule all the hills and valleys of Affghanlistan, it is they that will press him for-ward to the rulin of his people against Herat and the mig,ht of Persia. " To meet tlhe internecine warfare which appeared inevitable the Dost was preparing himself as best he could. Associated with him at Candahar were his favou:rite suns, Hyder IkLan (his Envoy to us last year) and idahomed Aslum Khan. To augment their forces he and Hiyder had reviewfed the troops of the late chief of Candahar, and selected for their owsn service such men as they deemed likely to be most serviceable and most trusty. MIoreover, the Governor of Cabul had received orders (1 shoulld mention that the news from Cabul comnesdown to the .^0th of April) to raise from among the tribes *of KEohistan 5,000 men, and tosendthemto Candahar. Froms each of two other districts he was required to obtain 2,000 men, and not to besparirig of force, if necessary, in getting recruits. " But it is not only against an open enemy in the field that the IDost has to prepare himself; the danger of assassination has also to be provided against. Another plot ag,ainst his life, and that a g,unpowvder plot, had been lately detected and evaded. One of his nephewfs-a son of the late chlief-had, apparently in the most friendly w ay, placed a palace at the disposal of his uncle. WNhen. the house had received witbin its walls the Ameer, his sons, and his principal followers, it was to be lblown into the air with gunpowder. But the old ief 's intelligen.ce was good, and he heard, in time to avoid it, of the plot that was laid for his destruc- tion. Three of the principal conspirators, amona whom w ere the nephew and ringleader, were secured, and placed in close confinement. "This danger the Dost happily escaped, but he .as fearful that his enemies having failed in overt attacks upon his life might have recourse to the insidious method of poisoninghis food. So appre- hensive was he of this species of peril that hewas £aid to have nominated -iyder Khan to superintend the coolking of his meals, and Mahomed Ashem to furnish him with water. It can be no matter of wonder if the effect of these acctmuulated anxieties at his advanced age has been seriously to damaae big-health. By the accounts from Cabtl he had Leen very ill, and the peaceful section of the people wee regarding w;ith the greatest apprehension the p yof his decease. The latest report at Pabul- reg3rdive up ra 7 that he Fwas wl- and retire with - £ns o hs o cit, ~rovdedthe Can4a3iar chiefs ill pay him annually a ribute equivalent to five lacs of rupees. This proposition, if made, was, perhaps, the result of | failing health, physical and intellectual. But here, and in the midst of his perplexities, the intelliglence for the present leaves him. I" On the Ptunjab fronitier all is still, and froni the lNorth-West Provinces generally there is no news of importance. At the capital of Gholab Singh, in Cashmere, a very considerable amount of valuable property, consistin. chiefly of shawls and jewels, has been destroye'd by fire-an event chiefly remarkable for the meth1od by which the Sovereign proposes to reimburse hiimself. Every one of his subjects. is to coztribiite towards making good the King's loss. The landholders are to pay various sunis according to tlhir holdings, and every public servant of whatever rank is to be mulcted in 20 per cent. of his pay. Bv this arbitrary and ingenious operation the MAhnraixjah will, it is said, though it seems incredible, plit a cool 50 lacs of rupees. (5>,000,000 steding) into his pocket. "There is no newsII'S from Vude, and it is probably as well that thcre is liot, according to the maxim or paradox, " lWappy is the people whose annals are vacant." AIr. Covcrley Jackson, of the Revenue Suddur Board of *Agra, has been appointed to act as chief commissioner during the absence of Sir James Outram. The ex-King has arrived at Calcutta, btit l hether he will proceed further on his way to the Court of St. Jaines's and the Parliament of England seems at presenit uncertain. " We are told that there is some little reason to apprehend further disturbances among the Santals dturin the coming riains; but they must he few in Inr.umber and insignificant in character if the accounts received romn the district are to be depended upon. I am speaking now of a corTespondent of the D)e7hi Gazette. According to this writer it is true that there are a fewv of the most notorious ringleaders of the insurrection still at large, with prices on their heads-desperate. men who, if cauglht, have nothing but the -galows to expect, plundering and marauding whenever they can gcet an opportunity are only to be looked for at their hands; but the race of Santals as a bodv have had quite enough, and a little too muclh, of rebellion. WVages are low, rice frightfully dear. They have no seed, no grain, no money, no cattle to plough with-in slhort, years must pass before they have recovered the losses they have brouight upon themselves. The writer has spoken to hundreds of labourers, who, while freely admittiDg that they were out in the '5,5 (to adopt the old Jacobite phrase), declare that ten tiRies the plunder they obtained would not cover the least of their losses. They denythat there was anything worthy of the name of organization abotut the miovement, and are loud in derision of the intense cowardice of the Bengalees-in fact, wmeribe the spread aud protracted duration of the revolt to that single characteristic of the inhabitants of the plainis. WVith the exception of the few persons abovementioned, all the ringleaders are in custody. inciluing the murderers of Irs. Thomas, MIiss Pell, and other Eiropeans. "The Assaye, steam-frigate,whose departure from this port for the Malabar coast to pick up Moplah convicts I mentioned in my last, has done herwork and has distributed her criminal freight at the various gaols upon the coast. Some she took round to lladras, and when she arrived there her conmmanding officer found that his coming was most opportune, and that his vessel would be immediately made use of as a transport. The 31st Native Infantry were at once put on board, and the Assaye sailed; but whither, it is difficult to say. All that the MNadras papers have been able to discover is, that there is a slight disturbance in the northern divisioii of the Presidency, in the neighbourhood of Vizagapatam. From the arsenal at the last-named station 100,000 rounds of ammunition had been forwarded to the troops in the vicinity, and detachments of those regiments quartered in the neighbourhood had taken the field. By the time I write again probably Eomething more may have become known respecting this mysterious movement. "The first sod of the Bombay, Baroda, and Central IndiaRailway was thrned on the 1st inst at Surat by Mir. Davies, of the civil service Mr. Ford, the engincer in charge, officiating. "Hero the wveather is the chief topic of conversation. All over India have been storms, andlwe, with the south-west monsoon inpending, have not escaped them. You will hear from another pen of the gale or cyclone that has visited Calcutta, and, besides more serious damage, cost the lives of upwards of 1,500 crows. Here our storms have not been accompanied by much wind, but have rolled down in thunder from the hills. But the weatherwise do not expect the real monsoon till the next spring tides, or about the 2d proximo. By great care, and by the energetic and early measures taken by Government, the water famine that we had so much reason to dread has been staved ofi, and there is not mtuch sickness in the Bazaar. Every day now, hon-ever, is of moment. The Water Committee have lost a valuable member, and the Government an estima.ble servant intheperson of Mlajor Cruikshank, of the Engineers, who (lied on Saturday of apoplexy following upon a clholeraic affection. He was a most excellent officer, distinguished for ability, probity, and courtesy, and is universally regretted. " The coasting trade has not yet closed, and the state of the Bombay markets has not materially altered. Money continues easy, and exchange has declined. The rate to-day is 2s. ld." Our Calcutta corresponclent, writing on the 17th of iMay, says:- "Public works are stopped. That is the announcement of the day, though it must not be interpreted so widely as some similar announcements have been. The Government has suddenly reined up. All new worlks, costing more than 10,000 rupees, or 1,0001., have been prohibited pending a reference to the Court of Directors. This measure does not procecd so much from financial distress as from the determination of Lord Canning- to place the system upon a new and more rational basis. An account has just been transmitted home of oiur financial position. It displays a large, and, as far as human foresight can be trusted, a permanent surplus. But the enormous expenditure on new public works creates an apparent deficit. To charge these works to the account of revenue is as ridiculous as to place the cost of draining a farm to the working expenditure of one year. The money is, in fact, a siun raised by mortgage to be devoted to the improvement of the estate. The interest only, therefore, should be carried to the annual account ; our brilliant financiers have hitherto carried the principal, to the hopeless bewilderment of al men except themselves. If the Government is resolved to make these improvements it must borrow money forthem. The works aremostof them preductive, and the only question to be considered is the expediency and prudence of enteringl ito such speculations. This is the point submitted for the final consideration of the home Government. " In this couintry opinion is much divided as to the policy to be pursued. One party-which includes every official in Madras and a few in Bengal -holds that the British Government owes a debt to the people. It has built few roads, and no aqueducts. It has left rivers uncleared and harhours runop)ened. The Msadras Presidency has not at this moment one tolerably convenient harbour. lThey would' therefore spend-say, 40 milions in rrmedying this grievance, and trust to the reteras of railways and the increased wealth of the country for the interest on that_money. This party has been strongly backed by England and by a cry from all Europeans in the interior. Another section, becoming gradually more, powerful, hold that this expenditure is a mistake as yet. They say that a good police is more important than a canal, an honest judiciary than anewroad, public education than any extent of harbotr room. They would therefore liniit the expenditure on public works to the surplus left when these great reforms have been attained. " A third party, with whom I myself most cordially concur, reject, both these extreme opinions. They hold that social iniprovements are more important than any puhlic works, except such as tend to improve communication. They would, therefore, suspend all works of irrigation, harbours, or public buildings, maid devote all available resources to the cow:i,3'etion of a complete network of railwvys. That ivork once done will pay as no public work has es er paid. It vill treble the military strength of the empire. It will enable us to rid ourselves of t he svhbordinate Governments, who now act as drags to the progress of the central autholity. Above al, it villi do for us what a similar system has done for th-to United States,-render the physicalvastne:ss of time country an advantage, instead of the hea-viest drawback. For the rest, all undertakinas shsould be suspended in favour of a ! reformed police, speedly justice, and, above all, popular edulcation. II I see you remark strongly on the absurd delays in the production of Indian accounts. The evil is Ia most grave one. The accounts are not published here till Parliament has discussed them, and conse-. quently the only public which really understands and can check them is fairly baffled. The fault is I that of the House of Commons, which submits to I such tardiness. It is tulld that the accounts arae difficult to make up, that they must be received from 200 collectorates, that the ! Indian system preclu.ies speed. This defence is really nonsensicaL The Government selndcs houte punctually to the day what it is pleased to call-a sketch estimate of the preceding year. That accoiunt is in reality most elaborate, liable, doubtless, to partial error, but not more so than the budget of a Chancellor of the Exchequer. Our financial year ends on the 30th of April. There is no reason whatever-I say it after years' study of the sub. ject-why a reasonably accurate account of tlie revenue, and expendituire should not be before the House of Commons by the 15th of July. There will be no permanent reform in our blundering system of finance until it is so published. The delay takesall heartout of reformers. Lord Canning yfor instance, may succeed in placing this public works' question upon a rational basis. That. great feat will not even be known to the English people for three years. c; One more word at the risk of wearying your readers. You, Sir, have remarked on the enormous proportion borne by the expenses of collection to the revenue received. The public accounts bear oiut your statement; but those accounts are known by every one in India to be delusive. It is not in the power of any man, or anv board, to say where the expenses of collection in India begin and erld. The deduction serves only to conceal the magunitude of our financial operations. The true way of makuig up Indian accounts is that long since adopted by men of business. Place all the receipts on one side, and all the expenses, including those for collection, for pensions, for enanis, for temples, and for kinglets on the other, and compel the Government to abandon the sicca rupee, and the accounts will be intelligiblo at a glance. " Matters connected with education have Of late attracted considerable attention. You will remember that the Court of Directors recently issued a despatch laying down wide and excellent principles of national education. A newf department was consequently organized; a directorgeneral was appointed, and large salaries were assigned to him and the inspectors. Committees were appointed to consider the plan of an Indian University, and a system of vernacular instruction was again conmnenced. Above all, the principle of grants-in-aid to schools, whatever their religious teaching, was established. The latter plan was, of course, the key of the whole, as the only one which could encourage private eforts and reconcile the prejudices of the three great creeds. The system has now been in operation for a year. It w as lately announced that the sum allotted for grants-in-aid was e-! hausted. This sounded well, until it was suddenly discovered that this 'slum' amounted to julst 3,3300. a-year. The salary of the directorgeneral is 3,0001. The amount will doubtless be increased, but the whole expenditure on education in Bengal turns ouit to be less than 80,0001. a-year. Our population may be roug,hly estimated at 40,000,000. That is, we have as yet allowed for. the education of the people a little less than two farthings a- head a-year. The average cost of vernacular education is about lOs. a-head a-year. It might be reduced, perhaps, to 6s., but certainly not lower. There are S,000,000 boys-for as yet we cannot educate the other 6,000,000-to be taught, and the coat therefore must be at the lowest 1,000,0001. sterling a-year. That sum is perhaps impossible, but w.e do not yet spend-and, lunless the home authorities ag,ain inter-- fere in it, we are not going to spend-a tithe of that amount. In the midst of this the chief engineer of the Presidency, Colonel Goodwyn, who recently prepared an estimate for building a bridge over the Hoogbly, but calculated only the expense above the water line, has submitted a plan for a Universityi building which will cost 200,0001. It will be rejected; but the fact, for which I can vouch, illustrates the present defect in all our schemes of education. The work is scarcely begun, and the Government is still unable to perceive that, if done at all, it must be on a scale comnmensurate wvith the necessities of the country. " Few occurrences of domestic interest have transpired writhin the fortnight. The lKing of Oude hat. arrived in Calcutta, but we do not lionize dethroned Princes. " The Legislative Council has admnitted reporters, but that change-a great one in any other country -does not greatly interest Anglo-Indians." CHINA. We have received our private correspondence and files of papers from Hongkong to the 10th of | May. Our correspondent says,-l "The London mail of the 10tlh of March arrived here on tl3e 27thl of April per steamcr Singapore. TFhe departure of thle outwvard mails is fixed for the; 10th of each month during the prevalence of the I south-west monsoon, and the steamer Singapore| leaves again to-day.I "Political intelligence is rather unsatisfactory, and the pro ,ress of the insurgents in various quarters gives rise to alarm. In ii(iangsi they. have captured the larg e and imnportant city of :Kinchong- foo, and their progximity to the tea districts of Fah- i qtien gives just ground for ansiety lest the tea destined for Foochow should ho intercepted or destroyed. To the northward also they have been successful, and the capture of the city of Yangehow, to the north-west of Shanghai, thrcatens tranquill7ity in that quarter. A party of gentlemen from Shanghai who lately visite;l Nanin found the rebels in great security there. "Rear-Admiral Sir Michael Seymour arrived here in Her MIajesty's steamer Encounter on the Gth inst., and has hoisted his flag on board Her Majesty's ship WVinchester. WVe understand it is his intention to proceed northwvard very shortly, to visit all the ports. Her Majesty's steamer Encounter leaves for Shanghai on the 12t minst. " Of the squadron in the north we have no intelligence. The United States' steamer Vandalia left on the 3d inst., homeward bound. "Lieutenant-Colonel Graham, commanding the garrison, goes by this mail, and Mir. Hillier proceeds on his way to Siam as Her Miajesty's Consul there.. " Sir John Bowring is said to be very anxious to visit Japan for diplomatic purposes. "A quarrel arose last month between some of the privates of Her Majesty's 59th Regiment and the gun-Lascas attached to the Royal ArtiUlery, and during the' scuffle a drummer-boy of the b9th was strack on the head with a stone, and died shortly afterwards. The giun-Lascars have been sent on board Her Majesty's hulk Hercules to prevent further collision, wwhich, in the excited -state of the garrison, appeared highly probable, and but for the decision and energy displayed by Lieutenant-Colonel Graham must have taken place. "The import trade at Canton has been very active during the past month, and prospects appear favourable, provided the rebels do not interfere. "Longeloths adcotton yarn havebeenindemand, and have been freely parted with both for cash and in barter. Prices show no very material change. MWney is easior, and exchange has given way very suiddenly. Rice is abundant, and the growing crops are said to be luxuriant. " In tea only a moderate business has been done. Dealers are firmer in their demands, in consequence of reports from the interior, and the news from England is depressing to the buyer. Prices remain with litte alteration. Settlements comprise 19 cliops new and 10 clhops old congoln. Silk continues in demand, but there -is no Nankin silk in the Canton market. The present steamer carries a large quantity. Sugar has advanced in price, and there have been no transactions of importance. Freights are lower, and tonnage abundant. "Shanghai advices are to the 1st inst.. The London mail of the 11th of February had b3en re- ceived. The businesstransacted during the month had not been large, the movements of the rebels causing a want of confidence among the Chiiiese. There has been only a small demand for imports'at lower prices. Exchange had advanced. Silk alone had been active, and transactions to a considerable extent have taken place at advanced rates. : " Foochlow dates are to the 29th of ApriL One vessel had sailed for Eugland, and one remained 'oi the berth. The new season's teas are expected !to arrive in about a month. Troops had been despatcliel to the frontiers of the province. - - "Ainoy letters are to the 30th of April. Maaufactures and cotton yarn had been disposed of pretty freely, but at lower prices. " Manila intelligence reaches to the 5th 4inst. Exchange on lI,ndon, 4s. 7Id. to~ 4s. Sd. for six months sight bills. Moderate transactions ae re- , ported in sugar at former prices. We learnthat the Dutch bark Johanna 3aria, from Shields for Hongkong, has been totily lost in Mindera Straits. The captain alone was drowned. "Ourlatest dates are fromLondonto the 10th of MIarch; Calcutta, March 18; Bombay, April 4; Singapore, April 2D; Manifla, May 5; Sydney, M Sarch 19; Shangohai, MIay. 1. " Exchangeat Canto; 4s. 10d.; at Shanghai, COMIERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. CALCUTTA, MAY 17. The fifth opium sale of the season was held on the 12th inst., when 3,435 chests realized 32,23,225 Company's rs., or two lacs less than the April sale. The Peninular and Oriental Company are makingamnove in op position to the private steamers in the China trade, and have now reduced their freights on opiumnfrom 23 rs. to 20 rs. per chest ; or, rather, they charge 22 rs. and return 2 rs. to the shipper (a very questionablepractice on the part of so respectable a company); at this rate they have secured about 1,500 chests for the Pekin, to leave in a few days. In our produce-market we have only to report a continued state of inactivity. The advice of a rise in Manchester prices has made importers of piece goods firm, aid a deficiency of steam tonnage available for the upper provinces curtails business for that quarter, so that, although prospects continue good, the transactions since our last have not been upon a very large scale. In twist the business has been to a moderate extent, but with no improvement in value. Metals still. dull, and prices heavy. Salt in fair request, at full prices. Money-market.-We are unable to report a much easier state of the bazaar;; discounts still rule high for piece goods, chitties as well as hoondies, and the same indisposition to speculate continues. The excessive heat of the weather does uot induce to exertion, and, in addition tothe large amount still lockled up in opium, the bazaar is just now called on for. about 20 lacs for the salt trade; still we think, on the whole, that matters do promise improvement; the diftculty with capitalists all lies in the one important question of .what the Government intend doing; it is now publicly stated that the expenditure on public works is being very considerablyreduced,-a proof that our,views asto the ability of the Indian Treasury to bear the large outlay previously sanctioned are not far from correct; but the main point rests upon the intention of the Court of Directors to carry out their notice of the 28th of Februarv last, that they willrequiroto draw 4,000.0001. durin 'theyear185657; andthat apparentlyin addition to the 1,500,0001. yet to draw on account of 1855-56, to complete the 2,500,000,. previously notified as required for that official year. Freights are perfectly stagnant, and we hardly know how to quote rates fairly; ships arrive from Alyab umder charter, and will have their lading, which the charterer, unable to procure but at an enormous sacrifice, avails of all the lay days the charter gives, in hopes of a turn however slight in his favour. flader these circumstances we hear of vessels being offered and refusing 2,0001. to cancel their charters; one captain, having compromised with his chart>erer, has accepted 10 for a full cargoto Boston, to which port the quotedrates are $12 to $>13, but with little doing ;nd seeking vessels constantly arriving. CANTON MARKET REPORT. HONGKONG, MAY 10. There have been extensive transactions in imports at Canton during the month. Gray shirtings are somewhat lower. The higher numbers of yarns are dearer. The low numbers have declined. Cotton.-Inferior kinds are lower, while the better descriptions have advanced. Bombay quoted Ts.5 9 to Ts.7 8; Bengal Ts.6 6 to Ts.7 3. Cotton Yarn.-The sales have been 800 bales. Nos. 16 to 24, $24 to $26A - Nos. 2Sto 32, $26 to 28i; and Nos. 38 to 42, $2 to$31L ~ Lo4gcloths.-tAbot 5S,000 pieces in all have been sold. * rays quoted $8 7 to $2 60;* whites, i$2 25 to $3 20. From Amoy we have advices to the 30th of April. There had been large importations of shirtings, yarn, and cotton. Sales of shirtings and yarn had been made to some extent, but at lower rates. Woollens.-Spanish stripes, $1 to 1 9 assorted; long ells, assorted,,S7 10 to $8 ; camlets, $15 to $19 75. Metals.-Iron nail rod, $4 10 to $4 40 ; bar square, $310 to$340; flat, $390to $440; round, $390to$640; iron vwire,l$i15; tin plates,. $950 to $9 75; lead, $950 to $i9 70. Rico is again quoted at a decline on previous rates. Turkey opium, 400 dollars. CochineaL.-.le.xican, 125 to 175 dollars; Java, 95 to 100 dollars. Tea.-The rumours of the reappearance of the rebels in the Hohow and Kisow districts have induced dealers to be firmer in their demands, while the accounts from home deter foreigners from purchasing except at easy rates. Settlements have consequently been limited, consisting of 29 chops of congou, 19 new and 10 old, at about previous rates. Country greens have been only in moderate request. Foochow dates are to the 29th of April. One vessel had sailed for England, and one vessel was on the berth. Export from Canton, from 1st of July, 1855 to 8tl of Mfay, 1856 .2.,50..00 Shanguai, from 1st of July, I8S5, to Ist of 3lay, lS56 ..1 .. .. . . . 31,40,O00 Foochow, from Ist of July, 1855, to 29th of April, 156 .21,600.000 Total .. 79,so.0o0 Canton, from 1st of July, 1858, to Sth of May. 1855 .14,310,600 Shanghai, from lst of July, 1854. to 1st of may, S .... . 42,500,000 Foochowv. from Ist of July. 1814, to April 185 .. .. .. .. .. .. 17,200,000 TolW . .. .. .. .. .. .. 74,o00o0oo Freights to England, 41. Exchange on England for six months bills has declined to 4s. lO to 4s. 1O1d. ; on India, 226 to 228r. per $100.3 Shanghai advices are to the 1st inst. The reported successes of the rebels in the neighboarhood had influenced the market, and transactions in imports had been moderate. Sil; was dearer. The business in tea was limited. Longeloths.-The deliveries had been 125,OO0 in all. Grays quoted $1 36 to $2 ; whites. $1 60 to $2. Tea.-Transactions had beento a smaaU extent at previous rates for black tea, but greens were lt. to 2t. lower. Silk.-The news by the February mail of high prices rulinlg at honie caused a corresponding advance at Shanghai, and settlements amount to 5,000 bales. Latterly not much had been, done. Tsatlees, No. 3, $305 to $310; inferior, $260 to S.2iEi; Taysaamus,ifair to good, $230 to $260;* common, s210 to $220.; thrown, $240 to $295. I Excharge on England had advanced to 6s. Sd. to 6s. SAld.; on India Company's accepted paper, 303ir. to 307r. F reights to England-31 for tea and 51. for silk- SHIPPING I NTELLIGENTCE. HONGKONG, MLW 10. ARF;IVAIS FROM GREAKT BmRTrM . At llongkong.-May 1, the Patna, from LIverpool; May 3, the Architect, from London; May 9, the Vision, from Liverpool. At Shangbai.-April 21, tlhe Julia, from Liverpool. * DnpALTUxpES TO GREAT BRITARr. From Eongkong.-April 16, the Affghan, for London; April 19, the Caroline Agnes, for London. TronmWhampoa.-April 20, the Beatrix (Danish),, for London; April 23, the Leopard, for Liverpool; April29, the Orkniey Lass, for LiverpcoL - From Foochow.-April 14, the West Kapelle (Danish), for London. From Shanghai.-April S, the Star of the East, for London; April 15, the Mencius, for Liverpool; April 16, the Lady Hogdkinson, for London. SHIPS OF WA. At Hongkong.-Her Majesty's ships Winchester and Naukin, 11cr MIajesty's steamers Encounter and Coromandel. and the Spanish steamer Eeina de Castilla. At Micao. f-Tle Portuguese corvette Don JoaoIL At lVhampoa.-Hec MIajesty's brig Bittern. At Foo:hiow.-Her Majesty's steamer Racehorse. At Shanghai.-Her Majesty's sloop Hornet.
THE SITE OF THE A TIONAL GALLERY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMEES. Sir,-As yoil have taken an active interest intheNational Gallery question, perhaps you will -indly find a place in your. columns for the enclosed letter from Lord Ellesmere, which I read in the House of Commons on Friday, nbt which has not appeared in any of the reports? I am anxious that it should be made public, as no man is entitled to speak with greater authority upon these subjects than Lord Ellesmere, who was a trustee of the National Gallery, and is one of the Royal Commissioners of the E-xhibition of 1851, and therefore a party to the purchase of the Kensington-gore estate. - I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, LLCHO. St. James's-place, June 29. "My dearTlelio,-Onr conversation, yesterday, set me thinking, and the result of my reflections is that the time is arrived wlhen the whole subject is ripe for the consideration of a conmissionj but not for, immediate action. There are many tjucstons whbich seem to me to deserve mature consideration before a brick is laid for a National Gallery, or for any pernmanent'bulildig. The said 'National Gallery is the pivot round which allUthese questions may naturally be made to turn.: "There are at least two primary points reispecting which rational men mn.y aud probably do differ. What will you pit into it? and, whre 1w you place it? The settlement of the first niay much -Mfluence the decision on the second. Will you confine it-to a place of exhibition for the choice collection of old masters oTw iii Trafalgar-square, and its contingent accessions of the stme ind'- which may be considerable, I ut Will never be enormous, i.c., if anything like a highstandardof meritistobeprese^rved? Willyou adjointoit the proposed portrait gallery, drawings, ac. ? " Sculpture 7f so, will you make any distinction be-. tweenwowrks of excellence as modls inau artistic sense, and those in wlhich antiquarian and historic considerations predominate,-between Greece aud Rome, and Egypt and N~ineveh? - "Will you relieve the Museum at all, either in this wAy orby'removing to some cheaper (?), but better lighted and mbre suitable building, the natural history, or any special branch. of the same, such as fossil bones ? . $-favingseen-yourway through these questionw, will you - bep- yur ~allty wereit i is,loding he cademy elsewheregour moveit?To KenSsinlgton Palace? To Gore ouse site? 7 To the Botanic Gardens, PRegent's Park? "I do not think tber~e is one 'of these questions wthich does not deserse consideration, and which has yet suffi-' ciently received it. " "ove for a commission. "Your, "EGERTON ELLES38=z,"
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE (rox OUR over oE .) [A portion of the foUowing appeared in our xaad OiE Uon of Satnrday :-] PARIS, FRIDAY, JIflE 27, 6 P.m The rumous of a protest of the Count de Paris on the subject of the "sfusion" are contradictory. Some affirm that the protest really exists, others that it only exists et rktat de projets, and is not yet put into shape or form. The following private letter from a friend at Brussels alludes to the subject:-- "Xhe protest of the Count de Padis against the fusion which was formed a few years since between the Doke de I Nemours and the Count de Chambord has, I am assured, been well received in France, without, however, producing the slightest sensation. The young Prince is praised for having brok-en an alliance contracted under the influence of the chiefs of the Doctrinaire party. In order to understand the signification of these alliances and of the-e dissensions, it is well to consider what in reality is the Orleanist party. Notwithstanding all that has been said, thoPrinces of that house aiever solicitccd the erown of France; they simply held themselves at the disposal of. the nation; in 1830 ILouis Philippe allowed himself to be named King only when he saw that Charles :XL and his family were imlpossible; and it was well understood that he was accepted in spite of his being a Bourbon, not because he was a Bourbon. It was in that his strength lay; it was that which maintained him 18 years in spite of the enormous faults he committed. That was the indelible character of his dynasty, it was that which,rendered it popular, quite as much as the eminent qualities of several of the Princes of that house. As to the Orleanist party in France, it resentbles in nothing any other party. Indeed, the term pae.ty is not applicable to a body so passive and so stilL But if historians have been reproached for having written rather the history of princes than that of peoples, the same ca be said of facts. In the elections, inthe debates of the Chambers aud onthepress,therealquestion was one of active and stirring pArties. It would be an error, however, to suppose that France is really represented by the various parties that dispute the government with each other. The immense majority of the French people have too much real love for their country to have imuch to spare for any particalar form of government or for individuals. Thus, putting aside certain antipathies and sympathies, and a distrust of certain persons, France accepts all governments, as we have had occ3a siontosee. Thegreat majorityof theFrenchpeoplehavemuch antipathy to the principle of legitimacy. They have still much more fear of the Republican form of government; and, as people act in political matters much more under the influence of repalsion than by election, the masses were disposed to receive equally well the Bonapartes and the Orleanists. In 1852 the people said, with much 2znarvaand they believed it-that the President of the Republic ought to marry the Duchess of Orleans. It follows, then, that the masses who have not only accepted, but who supportthe Empire, would not be sorry to have something in reserve, in case of emergency. The Emperor, the most rational among them say, may remain on the throne as long as he pleases, for in France, whatever be said to the contrary, it is always the Sovereign who brings about his own Zruin. It wiU thus be easily understood that what is called the Orleanist party is more numerous than is supposed, but it is at the same time very passive, and consequently would oppose any attempt tending to dis. turb the tranquility of the country. The Prince who represents such a party has therefore a very easy part to play; he has only to abide, without f9inching, by the principles of his family, which have been so well expressed in the will of his father. lie has only to abstain from putting himself forward as a Pretender, or from making it appear that he believes he has rights, but rather to consider himself as one of the rights of France, and that it his duty to hold himself at her disposal. The Orleanists are not the enemies of the Empire, which the French may maintain as long as they think proper. They are stil less the enemies of the Count de Chambord, for if it pleases the French people to restore this Prince to the throne they would then become his first subjects, and his successors. Such is the position they ought ever to occupy; by doing so they maintain their dignity, and preserve the affection of the French people. Such, in fact, is the line of conduct which the Count de Paris, on attaining his majority, declares that heis determined to follow. As to the singular alliance, called 'the fusion,' entered into by the Duke de Nemour', which is insulting to the memory of his father, whose principles he repudiates and whose acts he stigmatizes, and which has done him so much injury in the ninds of the French people, it can only be explained by the baneful influence of the Doctrinaire party, whose pohcy has been always so restless and so mischievous. That party, with its chiefs, has become so muac in contempt that one is surprised how the Emaperor Napoleon could have adopted any of its principles in his foreign policy, or should have mnade war or peace subordinate to the Philippist inspirations of AL St. Mfarc Girardin." The Internatiornal Commission for opening the canal across the isthmus of Suez has adopted a number of resolutions, of which the following is an abstract " 1. The Commission has rejected the system of the in. direct line across Egypt, and adopted the principle of tho direct communication between Suez and the Meediterranean. " 2. It likewise rejected the plan proposed for supplying the maritime canal with the water of the Nile, and decided that it should be fed from the sea. "S. The Commission discussed the advantages and incon venienecs of a canal, with banks, continued from one sea to the other, and ultimuately decided that the canal should have nobanks in its passage through the Sait Lakes. "4. The interposition of the Salt Lakes, left open, having for its effect to weaken the currents of the tide, the Commission was of -opinion that sluices at the two extremities of the canal, at Suez and at Pelusium, were not indis' pensable. They might, however, be established at a futnle day, if considered necessary. " 5. The Commission maintained the width of 100 metres at the surface of the water to a distance of 20 kldometres, which is to be metalled, between Suez and the Salt Lnkes; and it reduced tLe width of the remainder of the canal to S0 metres. "G. The outline sketch of the first project, prepared by the engineer of the Viceroy, was moreover maintained. " 7. Entrance on the hMediterranean side by Port Said. The Commission adopted for Port Said the system of piers proposed by the membeis who repaired to Egypt, with this difference-that the width of the channel is to be reduced from 50 to 400 metres, and that a dock- is to be added in the rear. " 8. Entrance on the Red Sea side by the port of Suez. The Commission adoptedthe line and direction of the Channel. Its width, however, isto be reduced from 400 to 300 metres, and a dock is to be constructed in the rear. The piers will extend into the sea, until they arrive at a depth of six metres at low water, and a broad channel in the direction of the piers vwill be dredged to the depth of nine metres. " t. The Commission declares that the establishment of proper lighthouses at every landfall along the coasts of Egypt and of the Red Sea ought to be the necessary consequence of the opening of the canaL "1 0. A port for revictnalling, refitting, and repairing is to be construsted in Lake Tinmsah. "Il.'As respects the aurxiiary canals offresh water, derived from the Nile, the Commission, guided by considerations of art, would have preferred its being supplied by the canal of Z3gazig, near Belbeis, but has declared its wiLlingness to leave the choice of the best mode of execution to the appreciation of the engineers who are to direct the works. "12. Finally, it appeared from the information given by the naval ofecerm, members of the Commission, that the navigation of the Red Sea is as safe as that of the Mediter. ranean and Adriatic. This is the opinion in particular of Captain Hariis, whohas performed 70 voyages between Suez and the East Indies." It is rumoured that the Bishop of Arras, whose pastoral address to his clergy I noticed the day before yesterday, as giving suich an Areadian descrintion of the innocence and hapDiness of the people of the Romian States, thereby showing that foreign occupation was an expensive superlluity, intend-s to visit England and Ireland, with the view of exeiting the sympathies of the Catholic Bishops in t,hose oCUiltrieS for the maintenance of the Pope's temporal power. It was the same optimist preLate Isho, at a late meeting of the Bishops in Paris, obtained the rejection of the proposition of Cardinal Bonald for an address to the Emperor as the defender of the faith and therestorer of religion. The Ei-nperor's suspected sympathy in favour of the Italian people explains the opposition of the Bishop of Arrs. A fete chcrmp&re, in honour of the Duk-e Reoent of Baden, is given to-day by the Emperor at Villenseuve d'Etang, a property which belongs to the E3mperor, and is situated near St. Clould. The party dine under tents. The Emperor leaves on Tuesday for Plombieres. Re will previously review two regiments of the Inperial GOuard-the Greniadiers and the Chamseurs. The :rench troops are arriving very rapidly from the Crimnea, and in one ship alone, the Gieat Britain, 2,300 Ivse been conveyed home. Apr'opos of the Crimea, it is Eaid that th oelebrated General Jomini is wrting a hiaory of that peninsula, which he ifitends to bring down to the conclusion of the late war. Vice-Admirals Dapetit-Thouars and LePredour, members of the Co-dncil of the Admiralty, whose term of service has expired, have been reappointed for three years. General M'Mahon has arrived iq. Paris, as has General de Bazaine, who, it may' i >rememberid, was lately commandant of Sebaatoi- General de Beville, who has been sent -by the Emperor to visit the sufferers by the inundations of the Cher and the Loire, is pursuing his journey of investigation. During the early part of the preent weel;, after stopping a day at Roanne, Se went up the Loire and visited the difFerent par£s which had been ravaged by that river, and stoppeA in particular at the dike of Pnay, Ewhich he examined with the greatest attention. The amount of the French subscriptions in aid of the sufferers by the inundatios, as far as have yet been published, has reached the sum of 4,033,590f. The receipts of the Orleans Railway durin r the week ended on the 16th inst. were 597,35S8f., or 505,701f. Iess than during the corresponding week of 855. The gross receiptssince the 1st of January amounted to 20,881,600f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 202,073f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 30e. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f. 40c. ; and the New Loan at 71f. 35c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 3,370f.; Great Northern, 1,127f. 50c.; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares, 860f..; Paris and Lyons, 1,480£.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, L705f.; Western of France, 935£.; Bordeaux and Cette, 752f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 653f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 797f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mlobilier, 1,565£.; Austrian Railways, 202!. 50c. (7ours Au adiquf-FPAs, June 27.-Cash Pr!oemFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbwusable for 10 years), 92f. 25c. 92f. 92f. o0c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 5Oc.; Three per Cents., 71£ 30c. 20z. 25e. lOc. 15c. 3'S. 25c. 20c. 30c.; ditto aecond Ioan of 1S55 (GO pBr cent. pada), 71! 15c. 30ye. ditto Certificates (Cor ent. paid), 71f 15e. 30c.; Bank o Fr;nce, 4,015. - t Foncier, 687f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of oOOf, Four per Cents., 445f;. ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., 77£f 5Oc. SOf. ; Credit Robilier, 1,50of. 1,562f. 50e L565f.; Disconnt Bano 680f.; 1'iednonytePe Five per Cents., 92E.; Austrian Five per Cents., 89 Weomans, 86; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 25k; ditto Thr'ee ner ents., 4hf; ditto VIterior Debt, 401 # 41. Evxcheg oou Londor, at sght, money, 25. 32Ac.; ee months, mone, 25!. .,C. SAvulu)y, JUNE 28, 6 P.sr. His Mfajesty, accompanied by the Prince Regent of Baden and a brilliant suite, went on'Vednesday to the :Fort of Mont Vale'rien, and reviewred the FEoot Chasseurs of the Imperial Guard. The Emperor distibuted on the occasion several crosses of the Legion of Honour and military medals. 'The Senate sat yesterday, the chair being occupied by President Troplong. 21. de Mazenod, Bishop of Marseilles, who has been recently named senator, took the oath and his seat. M. Lefebvre Duruf[6 read a report on the bill relative to the duties on French colonial sugar. The bill was immediately taken into consideration, and the Senate declared that it saw no reason to oppose the promulgationof the mieasure. M. Dumas read areport on the preservation and arrangement of the mineral' springs in France; and M. de Thorigny one on the right of dividing and disposing of sheets of waterin the Sn. TlheSenate, having approved of a nrmber of local bills, disposed of some reports on petitions, and the proceedings terminated. The Legislative Body met yesterday, M. Schneider, one of the vice-presidents, in the chair. MI. Taillefer, lI. Veron, and Viscount Anatole Lemercier obtained permission to print the observations which they had made on the bill empowering the department of the Seine to contract a loan 'of 50,0t0,Q00E. Viscount Clary presented a report on the bill the object of which is to inscribe a sum of 600,000f. Rente in favour of the Duchess of Saxe Cow burg Gotha, and of the heirs of the Qneen of the Belgians and of the Dnchess of Wurtemberg ; also It. ae Voize, a report on the bill relative to the concession of railways to connect Grenoble with Lyons and V"alence. The Drainage Bil was brought forward for consideration, and after observations from Id. Levavasseur, Baron Laugier de Chartrouse, I. Choque, M. Rigand, MI. Girou de Buzareingues, 1M. Desmolles, Al. Delapalme, M. Favart, Count do }3ryas, A. Roques-Salvaza, and ML MIillet, the discussion was adjourned to the next day. The sitting was then brought to a close. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-lialf per Cents. at 93f.; and the New Loan at 71l. 60c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,372f. 50c.; Great Northern. 1,125f.; Strasburg, 9l0f.; New Shares, SMOf.; Paxis and Lyons. 1,485f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,710f.; Western of France, 947f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 755f.; Great Central oL Fce, 656f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; BRank of Credit Mobilier, 1,575f.; Austian Railways, 907f. 50c. Cours Aazintiquc.-?Js, JTune 28.-Caslh Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimnbursable for 10 years), 93f£ 92f. 75c. 93.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 75c. * ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 7oe.; Three per Cents., 71f. 35c. 25c. 35c. 40c. 50c. G0e. 55c.; ditto second LoDm of 1855 r60 per cent. paid), 71f. 60c. 55C.- ditto Certificates (G0 per cent. paid), 71f. 50c. 55e.; Bank of France, 4,eSOf. 4,075f. 4,1001.; Cradit Foncier, GS6f. 50c. eLdix,; Crddit Mobilier, 1,570f.1,575f.; Discount Banlk, 6801.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 221.92f. 50c.; ustdrian Five per Cents, S9; Belgian, Four- and-a-Half per Cents., 97@-; flomans, 86.i; Spanish Three per Cents., 464; ditto mnterior Debt, 40A '. 13xichange on London, at sight, money, 26f. 32 Ac.; three months, money, 25f. 20c. RIUSSIA. (JROI OUlR BERLEU- CoRnSPONDENT.) BERLINT, Jim; 26. Almost every budget of Russian news that I hLve sent you for a long time past has contained the aniouncement of thorough reforms having been instituted into one branclh or the other of the Addministration. To-day I have to report that the Government has ordered a careful revision of all the Imperial industrial establishmraents, and has intrusted. the task to a man who is described as not only po.sessingf the requisite knowledge Fand firmness, but also the necessary integrity, to perform it satisfactorily. The statement which is to be drawn up on the subject is to contain not only a thorough inventory of the buildings, plant, stock, &c., but also the cost of erection of the buildings and of the production of goods, together with the amount of production. A n account of profit and loss is of course out of the question, since it is notorious that these establishments are kept going only by dint of subsidies from the Government, and therefore the general conclusion is that this investigation is but the precursor of a scheme for turning over these establishments to private enterprise. In the opinion of well-informed Russian manufacturers the money these establishments have cost has not been thrown away by the State; they have formed a pattern for other establislments erected by privatepersons, and they have constituted a nucleus for the manufacturiug energies of the nation, 'and now that, according to their view, Russian manufacturers are firm enough on their legs to be allowed to go alone, these Imperial establishments would be better done away with. It is singularly indicative of the new direction lately given to the popular mind inRussia, that its press, with the XoTrterm Bee at its head, just now contains animated discussions on the relative merits of prohibitive duties, protective duties, duties with a view to revenue, and free trade: side by side with thee we find animated controversies going on as to whether Russia's trae interest is to be found in manufacture or agriculture; whether she shall wait for railroads to be built, and locomotives to run on them, or content herself with first obtaining traTaroads for horse-power; the comparative value of roads and canals, land and water carriage, &c. An extensive manufacturer, employing 1,000 hands, informsThe readers of the]odt.her,n Bee that the manufacturers of Russia have now reached such a point that they can do without the helping hand of the Government, which has hitherto been in the habit of lending manufacturers capital to set themn up; that they can even afford to have the import duties on manufactures reduced; that, in fact, the development of manufactnres has reached a point wvhich makies a diminution of. the protec- tive duties necessary, as a spur to further ipprovement. Free trade, on the other hand, is pointed at as a state of things that Russia is not yet fit for. England, the present advocate of free trade, it is said, only espoused that system after having attained an acknowledged superiority of manufactures during a period of protective duties,-which succeeded a war that precluded all competition with her in all markets accessible by sea only. It is affirmed, however, thatb Russia only requires a further period of protective, not prohibitive duties, to be devoted to the study of the various technical arts, and the will then be able to compete with all the world in free trade, Alredy it is itated Russia *work
2'HE EXHIBITIONY OF ART TREASURES IN1857. The designs for the Exhibition building, which have now been finally adopted by the Executive Committee, promise to afford a most fitting receptade for the interesting and nmost valuable colection of art treasures which it is to be hoped the liberality of possessors will place at the disposal of the promoters of this national undertaking. The main hall, upmards of 700 feet long and 100 feet wide, covers (including the transept) an area of nearly 80,000 square feet, and from the imposing height of the central arched roof, of about 70 fect, will have the finest effect. LThe picture galleries will bh quite unrivalled in extentand convenience of arrang-ement. They are upsvards of 1,300 feet in length, with an uniform width of 48 feet, and atre ingeniously divided into spacious saloons, so as to admit of the suibdivision of the pictures into the several schools of art, vwithout interrupting the attraction of a lengthened perspective. The site selected for the erection of the building is to the west of Manchester, distant about two miles from the centre of the city, and in an open and elevated part of the country,. .
TEE ILK.LEYI MNtiEit.-It has already been stated in Tke Times that a man nained George Holmes, a farm labourer, is detained in custody, at Otley, on suspicion of h.^ving been concerned in the murder of krs. 'Ianight at Illey. Holmes at present stands committed, on very clear evidence, for trial at the ensuing Yorksbire Assizes, onl the charge of robbing a young girl under the following circunistances :-On Friday, the 20th inst., four davs after the murder of Mrs. R'Knight, Martha Aishby, aged 14 years, residing at Ilkley, was proceeding from Ilkley to Barley on foot about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon. When near the Ben 1:hydding lodge the prisorer overtook nad entered into conversation wvith her. Havinig wvalked about a mile on the road togetlher the prisoner asked her if she had any money; to which she replied that she did not carry money with her when passing along the road. Prisoner then said he would kiss her, and afterwards pulled her up a bye-lane or occrpation-road between 2lonnt Stead and the toll-bar. She attempted to scream, and ho knocked her down, placed one hand over her mouth, and with the other grasped her throat, until she became insensible. How long she remained in a state of unconsciouscness she conld not tell, but when she recovered prisoner let her get up, and he then ran away across some fields. She then found that her pocket had been turned inside out, and the contents, Is. /d. in silver and od. in copper, gone. She hastened to the tollbar, and told the keeper of the outrage commit:ed upon her. Information wvas speedily conveyed to M1r. Smith, superintendent constable of Otley, who received from the girl a minute description of the ruffian. From that description Mr. Smith at once suspected Holmes, who has long borne a bad character. Mr. Smith procee Aed tp Hlawkeawiorth, and took the prisoner into custody the same evening. When confron'ed with the prisoner, Martha Ashby at onice recognized him as her assailant, who now, as before stated, stands committed fortrial for robbing her. Certain suspicions arose in thecourse of the cross-exanuinationinthe above case, which tended to implicate the prisoner in the kIley nmurder. It was clearly proved that he had been seen in the vicinity of the Cow Pasture about the time of the lady's nmurder. In answer to several questions on this point the prisoner first positively swore that he was in Bradford on that day; he afterwvards corrected himself, and acknowledged that ie -was near 1Ikley; but he did not further criuwinato himself.. A nan, who has worked wvith Holmes, stated that he saw him in the CowPastures at Ilkley on the day of the death of Mrs. 31¶Enigst, and that when he approached him the prisoner turned away his head to avoid being recognized. Mrs. 1'Knight, before sbe left Ben Rhyddmng on that morning, had received several letters, which she placed in her dress pocket. After her body had been discovered, and after Holmes had been seen proceeding towards Ben Rhydding, the envelopes of those letters were found scattered upon the footpath. The chain of evidence against the prisoner on the charge of murdering Mrs. M'night is still far from being complete, hcut these attendant circusastances have some little eight in the scale o f evidence. Mrs. MKnight's purse has 'ceen traced to a neighbouiing town;* and it is expected that before the ne-t examination the parties in whose hands it has bceen deposited-willhave bceen induced to part with it for the consideration Of the reward. In the meantime it might defeat the ends of jutice to state further particulars. The detective oflicer sent from London to investigate the case at Ilkley has left in search of a gang of gipsies who were near that toown on the day of the murder.
JU2ZCIAc; COMMIYTTEER Op PrIy CouMCi.L, I Saturday, June 28. F.- . DYKE, MSQ., QUEEaN'S PROCTOR, V. BARTON. (Before Dr. LIT;SGTON, Sir EDWARD RYAn, Sir JOEx PATssox, and Sir WmiA XL }3AuLEJ This was an appeai from a decree of the Judge ot the Ererogative Court of Canterbury, whereby he pronounced for 1he validity of the last will and te-taruent, dated the 27th l f Mlarch, 1854, of Mr. John Roberta Maing. late of Southampton-street, St. Pancras. The testator died on the tIth of Aprilin thesamegyear, a. widower, without issue, and ille8stinate. Under the wVills of his parents he became enttled to personal property valued at upwards of 4,0001., vhich he had reduced befere his death, which took place at the ageof 2:5, to about l,601. He was represented as having leen a boy of idle habits, following no regular occupation or pDrsuit. and e.arly becoming and Continuing to be addicted to drinking. He married, in July, 1853, a woman vith vhom he had previously cohabited, and whom he stated he had seduced. She also, it vas said, habitually drank to excess, and died about a month before him. By his will he gave the whole of his-property, with the exception of a few small legacies, to Anna and Caroline Barton, the one being the nothier and the other tbe sister of his late wife. The will was propunded by Mrs. Barton, as one of the residuary legatees, and opposed by the Queen's Proctor, on the ground that the deceased was not of sound mind vwhen he executed it. There were several natural relations. The Queen's-Advocate and Dr. Jenner appeared for tho appellanr; Mr. Rolt, Dr. Bayford, and Mr. It. A. Pritchard for the respondent. Dr. Lusiu SGToN delivered the judgment of their Lordships, and said it appeared to them that tbis was a case of fluctuatingcapacity. There was no doubt that when the will w;as executed the deceased w es perfectly competent to the act. The judgment of the Court below nmust be aflirined with costs.
LAW REPORT. COUIRT OF CHANCERY. WEn3ftnSTER. TJN-x 2S. 1S RE ROYAL BANK OF AUSTRALTA.-EX rARTE ROBLN- SON S FXECUTORS. (Before the LoRD CHASCELLOR, ate LORDS JUSTICES Of APPEAL, M-. Justice CRESSWE.L, and Mr. Baron ?IIARTLN.) This was an appeal from an order of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, assisted by Mr. Justice Erle, and involved the im. portant question whether a caU made by the Master, under the Winding-up Acts of 1M48 and 1849, was a specialty. debt, or merely a simple contract one. The facts were, that the testator in the case, Joseph Phel REobinson, in the year 1840 became a director of te abovementioned bank, and as a qualification for that office took and paid the deposit on 20 shares. At a nmeeting of the directors of the company beld on the 7th of August, 1840, it wvas resolved that each of the directors should render himself responsible-to take, either by himself o-r through his friends, a certain number of additional shares. Thetestatort en his part ag,reed to take 100 additional shares, and in pursuance of this arrangement he, on the same day, signed a letter which wvas addressed to the directors of the Royal Bank of Australia, by which he bound himselF, at such time or times within four years from thedateof the deed of settlement as should boniest convenient to him, to pay the deposits and calls on such 100 shares, vith interest thereon at 5oL per cent. peranumu from the time appointed for the payment of the same until such caUs and deposits should be paid by him. Robinson executed the company's deed of settlem ent,which was dated the 3d of August, 1840, and which was made between the several parties who should execute it of the first part, and two covenantees of the second part; and the parties thereto of the first part covenanted wvith the parties of the second part in manner after mentioned-that is to say, " that the capital of the company sbaU be 1,000,0001. divided into 20,000 shares of 501. each, and the proprietor of each share shall bring in and pay to the company the fuU sum of 501. in respect of such share as and when called upon so to do in manner hereinafter provided, the sum of money previbusly brought in or paid in respect of the same being allowed as part of such sum of 501., and the capital for the time being paid and brought in shall bh used and employed in the business of the company and each of the proprietors shall be entitled to the profits, and liable to the Posses of the company in proportion to his sharcs." A subsequent clause of the deed provided for the mode in which the directors should make calls, not exceeding in the whole for each share the sum of 501. Robinson died in August, 1848. In 1850 an order for winding up the affairs of the company under the Joint-stock Companies Windingup Acts was made, and Robinson's executors were placed on the list of contributories, not only in respect of the 20 shares originally taken by the testator, but also in respect of the 100 additional shares which he on the 7th of August, 1840, agreed to take. After the winding-up order had been obtained, but before the call in question was made, the execut tors had distributed their testator's assets in payment of his specialty and simple contract debts, and had reclaimed a portion of his assets in respect of a sinple contract debt due to them by the testator. The executors had, by consent, passed their executorship accounts before the Master, and a balance of about 3501. remained in their hands. The Master, in takin suIch accounts, held that a caU of 1001. a- share on 120 shares held by the testator, made in pursuance of the winding up order, was a specialty debt, and overrode the set-off claimed by the executors in respect of simple contract creditors. An appeal from the Master's order was then brought before Vice-Chancellor Stuarb, who called in the aesistance of Mr. Justice Erle, and the result was that the order of the Master was reversed, and the cal held to be only a simple contract debt. The case was then brought by way of appeal before the full court of appeal, and, after a lengthened argument, stood over for judgment. Their Lordships, however, having felt some difficulty in thesase, the Lord Chancellor directed it to be reargued by one counsel on each side, and called in the assistance of the common law judges abovementioned. Ilr. 3Lxus (Mr. Roxburgh with him), for the official manager, contended that if the call had been made by the directors under the deed, without question it would have been a specialty debt, as it was an obligation by Robinson, under his hand and seal, to pay certain sums of money. The Winding- p Act did not alter the liability of parties, but only furnished a machinery for facilitating the arrangement of such liabilities, and therefore the call by the Master was as much a specialty debt as if it had been made by the directors. Mr. BAcox (Mlr. Stiffe with him) argued thattheliability of Robinson's estate for the losses of the company was not a specialty debt, inasuuch as the official manager could not have brought an action at law on the covenant in the deed. The caU of the Master was something tlt-ra the deed, and depended upon Robinson's liability under the common rule laid dowvn as to partnerships, and amounted to nothing more than a simple contract debt. Mr. MALNIs having replied, Tlteir LouDsrars reserved their judgment.
VCTE-CPRAWCT,LOR9' COTTR9R- JTrn 9R COLVIN V. LORD. (Bcfore ut-ChanceUor Sir R. T. ImnrntSLEY.) -itUs is one ot many s uts winlch nave been pending for some years relative to the estates of the late Dr. Cochrane, the fund now in court being nearly 250,000f. On the 21st of December, 1853, his Honour granted commiisions to France and Scotland relative to the question of domicile, the testator having resided in both those countries, and also in India, but, inasmuch as every possible information had been obtained with regard to the residence in India, his Honour refused a commission to that country. It appeared thatthe testator, while in India. had resided with an Indian lady, to whom it was alleged he was married, and by whom he had two children, one of whom was a party to the stuit and, subsequently, to the application for the commission. A gentleman in India had made an aflidavit to prove the marriage, and an application was made in Chambers to admit such affidavit, notwithstanding that the evidence in the cause, which consisted of 6,000 folios, had closed, on the ground that, owing to the proceedings under the two commissions to France and Scotland, it was impossible to obtain it sooner; and that application was now renewed in court. Mr. GLASSE and MIr. WELFORD appeared in support of the application. Mr. ANDERsoN and Mr. E. F. SnIITr opposed it on the ground that due dih'gence had not been used, that the a£i. davit was not material, and the application. was not entitled to indolgence. Mr. C. P. Cooper and Mr. W. Morris appeared for other parties. The VICE-CHANCELLOR thought that, with every wish to grant the indulgence asked, which was a matter of course if it would further the ends of justice, he could not grant this application, because the affidavit contained nothing more than he had before him on the former occasion, and, moreover, the effect would be that he must grant commissions to India to any parties desirous of such. which was in direct contradiction to his own decision. The application must therefore be refused. (Before F?cc-CceneRor SYr W. P. WOOD.) IN ThIE MATTER OF THE CARTON LIFE INSURANCE COMIFAIY. The VICE-CILHACELLOR made an order for winding up this company under the acts. Mr. Roxburgh and Mr. Smale appeared upon thepetition.
COURT OF OTJE'R BE.NcT (.iT)TTv.f A T.T. .TJV YATTnlCs aV T rrr._ (Sittings at Nii.s6 P2ius, beforc Lord CAm.niLEuL and Gommon ThiAt Alr. iferjeant Thomas and Mlr. J. A. Russell appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Parry and Mi. X. A. Fisher for for the defendant. This was an action in which thelplaintiffsought to recover damages from the defendant for an ex;cessive distress. It appeared that the plaintiff an ironmonger, had taken the shop of the defendant's house, No. 29, Dnkc-street, Grosvenor-squlare, and on the 25th of December last he owed the defendant 44l. for rent. Some communication took place between the parties as to the payment of the rent, in the course of which the defendant was informed that the plaintiff was about to have a sale of his stock in trade. The rent not being paid before the sale was advertised the defendant authorized his broker to levy a distress for the rent. The broker levied for 52?. 10s., which was now admitted to be more than was due, and he also seized on certain specified goods "for and in the name of the whole," so that, in pnint of fact, he seized upon all the plaintiff's goods, which were of the value of oO0I. and upwards. Evidence was given to show that at the sale some difficulty arose from the unwillingness of the broker to part with some portion of the goods before the rent was paid, and it was stated that this had an effect upon the prices obtained for the goods. Lord C.Ux3sELL, in smnming up the evidence, said the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict for the 12?. Ils., for which the defendant had levied beyond what was actually dne; jnd his Lordship thought the evidence was strong to show that the broker had made an excessive distress, in levying the specified goods "for and in the name of the whole." His lordship strongly condemed the practice of making a levy in that form, and when it was stated that the formu was a printed one, and in common use, his Lordship said that only made the matter worse. The jury found for the plaintiff-damages 201. beyond the amount due on the money count. Mfr. RusSELt said that would-be 201. on the first and second counts, and 12&. 19s. on the third count, Terdict for plaintifffor 321.10s. STRATFORD V. LEGGE, Mr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. J. Brown appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Parry for the defendant. This was a similar action to the last, arnd terminated in a verdict for the plaintiff, with 251. damages. BRUNSDEN V. XENEDY. MIr. Jacobs appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. :Laxton for the defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff, a cab proprietor, sought to recover damanes from the defendant for the breach of a warranty of alorse. The defendant denied the warranty. It appeared from the plaintiff's statement, that on the 22d of February last he purchased the horse in questtion o. the defendant for the sum of 31. 15s., the defendant having warranted it a good worker, suitable for a cab, and that it would trot eight or nine miles an hour. The plaintiff having paid the money and got his horse at once put it inhis cab and went on the stand. He soon got a fare, and engaged to take four persons to the Princess's Theatre for 8s. ; but he soon found that he had but little chance of getting to his journey's end, for the horse stopped short, turned awry, and at length went backwards. After a long struggle the plaintiff found himself with his cab and fare near AIdgate Pump, but his fare then left him and got into another cab. The plaintiff took the horse hack to the defendant the same night and demanded his money, but the defendantrefused the request, and the horse was left tied to the defendant's van. Nothing more Wa; seen of the horse, but it was surmised that, if it had noe been taken to the knacker's, it was in the charge of ths police in the greenyardL Mr. LAXToN, for the defence, said, he thounht this was one of the most impudent actions which had ever been brought, and he called several witnesses who were presen' when the money was paid, and they all said the defendant, so far from giving any v.warranty, wished the plaintiff to try the horse before paying the mnoney; but the plaintiff declined, saying he was quite satisfied. It was also proved that, at the time ivhen the plaintiff bought the horse it had a "quitter" on one of its fore feet, which was at that time hound un wvith rae. Lord CAMPDBELL said, it was much to be regretted, for the sake of both parties, that this action had been brought;* but the jury must say whether or not there had been any warranty given; which, nnder the circumstance; his Lordship thought vwas 7highly improbable.l The jury inmiediately found a verdict for the defendant. STYLES V. 35ROWN. Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Jacobs appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edward James, Q.C., for tue defendant. 1'he plaintiff in this action, William Styles, was a coppersmith, in Lisle-street, Leicester-square, and the defendant, Alfred Brown, was a ship and commission agent, of 31. Clifton-street, Finsbury-square. The actior was brought against the defendant, as the acceptor of a bill of exchange, drawn upon him by a person named Lee, and endorsed by Lee to the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded that the bill was given to Lee to get it discounted, and to give half the proceeds to the defendant but that he failed to execute that purpose, and endorsed it to the plaintif without consideration. It appeared that Lee was the projector of the Irish China, Ciay, Porcelain, Brick, Tile, and Drain Pipe Company, of which the defendant was the secretary; that though the scheme was pronsionaly registered, it proved abortive. The defendant and Lee had had some transactions wzith one another, and in the course of them the bill in question was -given to Lee to get discounted. The defendant and the manager of the company were exanmined in support of the defence. The defendant admitted that he had accepted the bill, " payable at the Royal British Bank, Lothbury," thougha he had no account there. The plaintiff, W. Styles, was then called, and proved that he had received the bill from Lee in payment of a debt of 1Ot. that was owing to him, and that he gave him cash and checks for the balance. Lee was not in attendance. Lord C,MsPELL, in summing up, said the plaintiff was entitled to the verdict, unless the jury were satisfied by the evidence given by the defendant, that he (the plaintiff) had conspired with Lee to defraud the defendant. The jury found for the plaintiff for the amount claimed, 511. Lord CAMPBELL then expressed his opinion, that the defence was a most scandalous one and supported by gross perjury. OLET A'SD WIFE V. BIRUCE. 11r. H. T. Cole appeated for the plaintififs, and Mr. T. Atkinson for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action sought to recover damages fromthe defendant forfalse imprisonment. It appeared that the defendant, James Bruce, who was a clerk in a Governinent offiee, had let his first floor to the plaintiff, an attorney's clerk. After some time a dispute arose about the locks and keys, and the plaintiffs left the apartments, the wife at the same time taking away the keys. The defendant folowed them in the street, and gave them both in charge to a policeman for felony; the alleged felony being that they had stolen four keys belonging to the defendant. At the station the keys were returned and the charge dismissed. The plaintiff then served the defendantwith a writ, at the same time telling him that he would be satisfied if an apology were.; made but as this offer was not accepted the action proceeded. The defendant had now pleaded a justification, alleging that some keys had been stolen, and that he had reasonable groundsfor suspecting the plaintiffs. Lord CAMLPBELL several times inquired whether the defendent really meant to justify putting the criminal law in force under such circumstances, but without any result for some time. At length the defendant was inducedby his counsel to submit to a verdict for 51, with a certificate for costs, a result which was forced on the reluctant defendaut by the evident opinion of everybody in court that his conduct was indefensible. Lord CAMNPBELL said, he thought the defendant was very luc6-y, and wvas much indebted to the other side, for if the case had gone to the jury he believed the damages would have beenmuch higher, a sentiment to which the juryseemed heartily to recpond. Verdict for the nlaintiff.-damasres 51.
COTTR OF CO%r?fON PLE.AS GITTMTATL JtuXE 2S. ATPRICK A-ND -NOTHER V. REYNOLDS. (Before Mr. Jttstice WiLES and a SpecialJ iury.) 311r. tontagu Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiffs,; Mr. Serjeant Byles and Air. James 'Wilde, Q.C., for the defendant. The action was brought bythe plaintiffs, who are builders, against the defendant as the deputy-chairman and director of the Wandle Water and Sewage Company, which had been projected ir the year 1851, but eventually abandoned in its progress before the Parliamentay committee of the following year. The object of the scheme was for the supply of water from the River Wandle, and the company engaged to purifythe water bya peculiarprocess of filtration for which a patent had been obtained by a person named Thompson. It appeared that the scheme had originally been promoted by Thompson, who was an engineer, mn conjunction with a solicitor named Mullins (since dead), and, according to the evidence for the plaintiffs-it being necessary to satisfy the committee of the House of Commons of the efficiency of the improved method of filtration a machine, embodying the various improvements, was erected by the plaintiffs, at the desire of Thompson, who had been appointed engineer to the company; and this " order," they contended, hadbeen ratified bythe defendant, who had given permissiontohavethemachineerectedandthe trial of itmade onhis owngroundsat Carshalton. Itappeared also that the defendant was constantly present superintending the operations and giVi2g directions about the work. IJpon the part of the defedant witnsses were called to Prove that upon several occasions verbal resolutions had been come to by the board that the directors were not to be personally liable ; and a written agreemnent wvas also pmin, by which the serv.ants of the company bound themselves to hold the directors harmless until the company was fairly launched; but this agreement, it appeared, was made preri ously to the year 1852. As usual in cases of this nature there was much conflict of evidence between the partiesone contention among others being, that the engineer and solicitors only guaranteed the expenses which had been incurred up to the time of the agreement in question. The amount claimed by the plaintiffs consisted of two sums amounting to 661. The learned judge summed up, explaininD the law as applicable to persons taksing part in the promoton of undertakings of the sort, and the juy returned a verdict for the plaintiff. The trial occupied the whole of the day.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, SATURDAY, JU2E 28. Satznngs in lien co.) The Court satto-day, pursuant to notice, for the purpose of delivering judgment. STORES V. COX This was an actio n a fire policy, and tho question on which the cause turned was whether, under the peculiar circumstances of the property insured, the policy was vitiated by the introduction of a steam-engine by the plaintif, which did not exist at the date of the insurance. Mir. Baron BRAIWwELL Was of opinion that the policy was not affected by this circumstance, and that the rule for a nonsuit, which had been granted pursuanttoleave reserved at the trial, ought to be discharged. Mr. Baron lLueTn, who delivered judgment on behalf of the Chief Baron as well as himself, was of a contrary opinion, holding that the introduction of the steam-engiae afected the risk of the assurers and that the rule ought to be made absolute to enter a nonsuit. Judgment for the defendants accordingly. HIUGGLETON V. BARNEr. This was a special case argued before the Chief Baron and Barons Martin and Bramwefl, who again differed from the two first named judges. Judgment for the plaintiff. BLAGRAVE V. THE BRISTOIL WATERWORKS CO3PAN-Y. Judgment for the plaintiff. VERN'EDE V. WEBBER. Baron ALDERSON in this case delivered judgment for the defendant. LLEWELLYN V. THE SWANSE. NAVIGATION COMPANY. _ Baroi ALDERsON also delivered judgment in this case on behalf of himself and Baron Bramwell for the defendants. The question involved in the cause aroseon the construction of a lease, and did not present any features of public interest. The learned Baron in delivering iudgment stated thaMr. Baron Martin, who had also heard the argument, did mot altogether agree with the judgment now delivered on one point, but did not deem it, necessary to deliver any formal judgment. Judgment for the defendants. It is a matter of gratification that we are enabled to state that, with the exception of one case, which still stands over for consideration, and a few rules which have been deferre I at the desire of the parties, the judgments to-day delivered dispose of ei ery case of every description in the Court of Exchequer. _ [Advertisement.]-Tbe new novel "Evelyn Marston," by the author of "hEmiliaW5dham,7 k4 in 3 vol3, may be had at all the braris The anther baannade m Evelyn Mfarston? a conddeTable advance over her later fictions. She has chosen a new field for the tiblect of her tale, and conceived her principal actors with her WutiDe skill as well as executed them witb her pristine nish.7bpeetstr. There in I Evelyn 3farton' such a loftiness of purpose. Euch a thorough hertiness of socidal anddoestc feeDng, and such an opposition to false and morbid sentiment, as entite this work to rank amongthebest pro-nctionsof the autbor.n-Jobn Bul. "A tale of pieat iaterest."-Messenger. A A natural, domestic, and touching story.-Press.
I XBIrRMI2aAM DISTRICT COURT OP BANK. iRUPT.CY?Ji 27. - - -= THE LICUrD I - RTACD GRXP (R fr: -- :40 R I -7 fBeAvor 1 Yk d'1n-. Imm>?n P a T Jis lto-lotm this maorning delivered judgment upon the - applcation for a certificate a nd: said,-" I Ainunow called upon to perform the vost aitxlous ardlfrequentlythe mostpainful duty that belongs to -3nyoffice, as Commissioner ef the Court of Bankraptcy. The -bankrupt, it appears, wis in partriership originally 'with Mr. Scott- and Mr. Palmer. the whole formning that banking establishment which existed in ichfeld for somne years previous to 1850. Mr. Scott was the father-in-law of MiLr. Greene, and upon his death Mr. Palmer was the senior and leading partner of the firm, and, bemng theolder man, therefore exercised perhaps, the greater authority inthe estbablishment. In 1850 Mr. Palmer died, and upon his death Mr. Greene, with great propriety, overhauled the accounts of the hanl. The result was the discovery that the firm vas hopelessly insolvent; and Mr. Greene, with that strict regard to truth 'which has extended through a lengthened examination, had the candour to admit that not - only was the establishment hopelessly insolvent, but that he had no expectations of being able to redeem his position during his Efetime. In this conditionof affaire tookDthe advice of friends. Nowv, it is a very good thing soraetimes to consult a friend, if all friends would do that which they ought to do-exercise a proper amount of moral courage ingiving their counsel; for if they do not do so they betray the individual advised. I am rather inclaned to think, however, that in this case, if we could dive into the breasts of those part-es, it would be found that Mr. Greene, if left entirely himself-and it would perhaps have been well for him if he had been so leftwould have resolved to wind up the affairs of the bank, and I think it would have been-best for himu, as well as for the public, if this had been done. However, he listened to the counsel of persons who instead of giving wise advice, probably gave that which they thought would be most palatable. Perhaps I am doiug them injustice, but certainly that advice was given, and the result was that he continued to carry on the bank. It appears that at that time the debts owing by the bank were 239,000, There. vas a very heavy amount of debt owing by. Palmer to thepartnership ; there was also an amount of debt owing by Greene to the partnership; bat I am bound to say that with regard to the debt he owed, he wasperfectly competent to discharge it, leaving him with a surplus - so that he was ina state to do more justicetothefirmthanthe otherpartner. But his debt was not disclarged, and there is about 15,0001. still against him on that account. Mr. Greene thus went on up to the period, of his becoming bankrupt. Il certainly was wrong in not winding up the concerns of the bank in 1850, and is open to some reproach on that account. Hle certainly did injure the conceruy going on, because I find that, though the present amount of debts is 188,0037., whi7e theamount of debtvhen51r. Paluar died was239,0301. still I regret to add thatthe assets arediminished, therebeing now 118,000., while in 1850 they amounted to 169,000. The bank, however, seems to be left in pretty nearly the same. state as it was then. In 1850 they were 70,00W. abort, and now they are short a'.out the same amount. I new come to' the mode in which he carried on his business. It was objected by Mr. Reece that he had been guilty of a fraudulent preference to Mlm Hussey with respectto the sumnof 1,0001. I amn of opinion that was no fraudulent nreference at all. She had a large balance in the hands of the bank-, and it was stated by Mr. Greene that if sbe had drawn a check for l,0001., instead of giving the directions she did to have thait amount invested in Exchequer-bills, he would have immediately paid her that sum. It appears Mrs. Hussey sent him a letter, directinghim to place the amount in question in the hands of afriend she namnedfor investment. Mr. Greene wrote her a letter, mentioning that he did that sort of business, and would invest it for her. She was quite willing 'that this should be done, and he then took 1,0001. in coin from the strong box, and set it aside for Airs. Hussey's use. I consiaer thattantamount to the honouring of Mrs. Hussey's check if she had gone into the bank and received the money from his hands. MIr. Greene turned the money into bank notes, 'which were to he sent up to London at the earliest opportunity. There is no offer on the part of Mr. Greene, such as, 'Your balance is large, and you had better have it reduced, as I am in tottering circumstances.' Tbat would have been traudulent, as a preference implied an offer from him who is in insolvent circumstances to a person specially favoured because he happens to be largely in his debt. There was nothing of the sort in the case before me. I think the taking of the 1,0001. was a dedication of that money to her in tho mode suggested by herself, and that it cannot therefore be called a fraudulent preference. Mr. Greene went from Lichfield to London on the Sunday. He couldcnot get at thebosto obtain the notesto put aside in consequence of the clerk who had the key being away, and therefore he left directions with a clerk who was there, desiring him to send up the money by the earliest conveyance the followinog morning. It was sent up, and about 11 o'clock that muorning the money was invested in Exchequer-biUs for the use of Mrs. Hussey. Mr. Greene certainly went to London for the. purpose of asking and obtaining assistance from his London correspondents, hfessrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith. He wanted accommo- dation. He saw the bankers at 12 o'clock, and they refused. him any unless he could give them security. It is important to observe, that on winding up all transactions between Smith, Payne, and Smith, and Mr. Greene, it was found they held securities producing a surplus of about 18.0001, and, therefore, he very properly said "No." Here he showed the moral courage he ought to have shown in 1850, for he resolved not to comply wvith the terms souzht to be imposed upon him by the bank, and telegrapbed tohis clerk at Lichfield, directing him to close the han. I think that 'was a very proper act on the part of Mr. Greene, and goes in some way to redeem the want of firmness he had showvn in 1850. It is not immaterial to observe, but is indeed very important as regards the view I take of Mr. Greene's conduct, that he had at the time he stopped a very considerable amount of unencumbered property. There can be no doubt that if he had employed that property in taking a slice of it now and then for the purpose of enabling him to obtain money from his correspondents in London, he might have gone staggering on during the remainder of his life, and then left his creditors without a shilling, whereas, by stopping at the time he did, he secured them a very considerable amount of assets, so much Eo, that I am told there is every probability of the estate being able topay a dividend of lOs in the pound. There is another circumstance which I think materiaL I remember it operated on my mind in a case where I had judgment to give, when the bankrupt gave me a very extraordinary answer to an observation I had made as to the bank 'with 'which he was connected having been paymng an inordinate amount of interest. I said at the time, "How can. this ever end in anything but bankruptcy " It was an un- doubted fraud. It was holding out a temptation to poor people to invest their money where common prudence ought to have told them that the very offer to give five per cent. for deposits was a hint that they ought to have nothing to do with the man who made it. Mr. Greene is not open to any imputation of that sort, and I think it is to his credit that be, at the head of a concern which bad been tottering for many years, did not resort to the fraudulent expedient of tempting people to invest their money with him in order that he might have the adv.ntage resulting from the possession of large deposits, for it does not appear that he gave more than the ordinary amount of banker's interest. I think it is a circumstance verv much in his favour that, notwithstanding his failing circumstances, he did nothing that can be called dishonourable. The only thing I find fault with is that he did not stop in 1850; and I cannot pass the large amount of private expenditure without saying that this must have its effect with nie when I pronotuce judgment. Mfr. Greene said he triedtoreducebis expenses, but foundhe couldnotdoso. Ican understand whathemeant, asIcaneasilybelieveheconsidered that any material curtailment of his expenses would attract observation, and in all probabilitv entail ruin upon the bank. I think he ought not to have been deterred by any consideration of that kind. I see that his expenses for the last five or six years amount to something like 17.0001. It was said on his behalf by Ur. Huddleston that there was a life policy for which he paid 3001. a-year, that he had a son at the university to whom he paid 2001.a-year, and that he had daughters -whom he was educating to take a certain position in society, entailing a considerable encumbrance upon his mneans. But learned counsel mentioned a fact very much to the credit of the bankrupt-namely, that when the daughters ,sore mnarried he did not take oie shilling from the a-sets of the bank for the purpose of providing for them. 2Many a man in his circumstances would have had no such scrutple. It was very hononrable to him, and I think he is entitled to that credit which every mban onght to have when he influences his conduct by high motives of honesty and integrity. Upon the whole, theni, talaing a case which has two sides, one very favourable and the other not so favourable, my judgnment is that the baukrupt shall have a second-class certificate, but that it shaU be suspended for one year." Mr. KEIG1T rose and said, he was desirous of making a few observations with reference to a remark he nmade at tle last hearingrespecting the conduct of MIessrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith. In advising Mr. Greene to continue in business after the death of M1r. Palmer in 1S50, those gentlemen hadassured him that they didn't know thepoiition in which Br. Palmer had left his estate. They only -knew that he had a very large estate at one tinme, and were not a ware that it was nearly all disposed of. Under these circumstances it was that they gave Mr. Greene the advice which had been animadverted upon both by himself and the learned commissioner. Mr. REECE asked, for the satisfaction of the creditors, rwhether the assignees intended to take any steps to test the validity of lMessrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith's title to the 20,0001. vworth of securities placed in their hands shortly before the bankruptcv ? MIr. Kniosir, in reply, said, the only thing he could pledge himseEf to would he that he should do his duty by the assignees, and should endeavour not to leave a single suxpence unrealized for the benefit of the estate, 'whether it lay in the hands of Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, or any one else. 31r. EECE.-That is no answver. Mr. KNIGHT.-I am really surprised how my friend, himself a solicitor, can ask me, another solicitor, in an open court, arid within hearing of every one, to pledge myself to any particular line of conduct. I am an officerr of this court, and am bound to do my duty. Mr. Nelson, solicitor, of London, here begged leave to inform his Honour that at the time of Mr. Palmer's death his firm were not creditors of the Lichfield bank, but, on the contrary, had a balance in their hands. Mr. T. S. JUESs applied that the bankruipt migh3t have protection during the year, mentioning that it was necessaiy for the estate that he should have it. The COaD0Srssmo-Ng-Without that consideration you should have it. The certificate was then granted withthe desiredprotection. [AdvertisementI.-The Sixth l'housand of Mrs. C. Hall's new volume" Popular Tales and SketcfieN,. is Dow read'. edutamni Scarming talcsby thisoest-l.pDlarati-horess, now fstcollvcted for the "Amunsing Library." Mrs. Hallas name has acquired to great a celebittybothat oeueand abroad that this nlume carnotbut prove a iveraal faveuste. - Ls a gifts book it is unsrpassed. It is beautifullY psinted ani esbelibed; price ouni 2s. fancy boards or in eleatloth. 2s- G. Also at the eaame *rices. "The Lion MiIer , by Jules GeCard;: . near edition of tbis f-fm.ed twork is now readr. Am eriinfertbcmillional,oonasIe. prie only is. Iambert aud-o., 45i2, 2'ew (}xfoed-streci, sad at every railwa3y.
PoLIER. Gun ALL.-Williasn g aorge- Vilson, of - 39, Beechstreet, Barbican, milliner,and John. WIlson, of Clare-street,I Lincoln's-imn-fields, draper, were chirged withbeingun.| lawfutlly in possesisiOn of about 7Ot.-worth of Petersham and lutestringunbandx tt had been- recently stolen from the piemises of Mr. Hutchins, of 25, Wood-street, Cheapside. - Mr. Wontner appeared for the prisoners. thattheproOn the former examinaltion it was shown ht h r pertiy in guestior, was found intheprisoners' shops, and that hey could arol give n satisfactory account of how they be-" came possessed of it, -which led- to their being appre. =bended on- the above charge. A. remand was granted- -to. enable the offices to trace, if possible, more of the missng property, upwards of 6001.-worth having been stolen. John MarkBnll, 15L corroborated the evidence of Sergeant Fou]ger on tak-ing WVilliam George Vilson into custody, and added that, when he ask;ed that prisoner when he bought the ribands, he said, "~ So re mont1s ago." He thent said, " Why;. they have not been stolen a month," ind then he said. "That was the time X bought them." Edward Iewlett, 2-3M, corroborated the evidence given by the officer Knight on the last examination, and sated that when he asked John Wilson if he got the ribands from Inis brother he declined to answer the question, anad when. asked if he had seen them at his brother s shop, he said he had seen the patterns there, but declned to say whether he had bought them there or not. The prisoners reserved their defence, and were fully com.nitted for triaL WoRsEap-sTrimr._Joseph Whitty, recognized by the gaoler as a ticket-of-leave man, was charged with the folaowing audacious robbery. A lady namedFrancesJohnson, residing in Charles-street, Commercial-road-east, stated, that while walking by herself through Ash-grove, Hackney, on the afternoon of the 5th inst., a man, -whom she believed to be the prisoner, and who was a few steps in advance of her, suddenly stopped, turned round, and, maldng a grasp at her face, whipped off her gold spectacles, worth 50g., and took to his heels. She purstied him for some distance, calling "Stop, thief," but the prisoner got clear away, and she saw no more of him til she- foud him in custody. The spectacles were snatched from her face with such violence that one of the glasses was jerked out, and she picked it up on the exact spot where she was robbed. A hairdresser named Watts stated, that while engaged in his business on the afternoon in question he heard the cries of " Stop thief," and on hastening ouit found the prisoner, of whom he had some previous knovwledge, pursued by the lady, who -was much alarmed and excited, and descrihedlher assailant, and the mauner in which she had beenx robbed. -The next mnorning the prisoner again passed his house, and the witnes3 remarked to him the dexterous way in w-hich the Tobbery had been committed, but the prisoner observed that it was - not. after all, so much worth his troWble,asthe spectacles were only washed, not gold, and he had only been able to get 5s. for them. On finding the fact so confirmed, he informed the police, and gave an accurate description of the thief. An-officer deposed to tracing the prisoner to a notorious court - in Whitechapel. and that, on telling him the nature of the charge, he coolly observed, 'lFWeIL some of my friends must have been very kind to me." Francis, a detective'of the N division, proved being pre sent at the Central Criminal Court in the year 1848, when the prisoner, who then passed by the name of Jackson, was tried for felony, convicted, and sentenced to transportation for 10 years. The prisoner, who had impudently cross-examined the prbsecutrix as to her ability to swear to him; which the lady sidmitted she could not after the loss of her glasses, protested his entire innocence, and declared that the person referred to by the officer as having been transported was his brother; but the magistrate considered the evidence too conclusive to admit of any doubt, and the prisoner was -fully commuitted for trial. L-AnnsuT.-The extraordmiary interest created and sympathy elcited on behalf of the poor blind man, Thomas 3cholfield, by the report in 'The Tihns of the 10th inst. of his application to Mr. ELLIOTT, have not only led to the contribution of a large sum of money to the poor fellow's use, but an extensive correspondence between the magistrates, the Hon. G. C. ITorton and Mr. Ellintt, and'several benevolent ladies and gentlemen respecting the poor man, and it will, no doubt, be gratifying to every one who felt any interest in the case to learn that the &haracter of Scholfield is found to be such as to entitle him to the sympathies exerted in his behalf. Mr. ELLIoTT hoped that those ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly offered their assistance if the case was a genuine and deserving one, now that they found it in his opiion to be so, would come forward and by their united exertions place thepoor fellowin some asylum where he *mght be able to obtain that which he appeared most to iesire,-namely, a k-nowledge of a trade that would .enable him to support himself by his owgn industry, and not be maintained assa pauper. Mr. George Caston, for two years a confidential clerk and occasional collector to Messrs. Cowell and Co., brewers, in St. George's-road,- Sonthwark, was finally examinecd before Mr. ELLilorT on various charges of applying to his own uses various sums of money received on account of his employers. Three clear cases were selected by Mr. MIartin, solicitor to the prosecutors, and on these the prisoner was fully committed to take his trial at the next Surrey sessions. M1r. John Wills, a proctor, residing at No. 5, Great Carter-lane, Doctor's-commons, appeared to answer to a summons charging him with assaulting William MA'Adam. The complainant said, he was employed as waiter at the - Crystal Palace on last Weednesday week, on the occasion of Ter Majesty's visit, and had directions with all the other vwaiters not -to let -any of the chairs be taken from the tables. He srw.the defendant taking away two chairs from the department in-which he -was employed, and agreeablp to his instructions he stopped him, and said he could not allow him to take them away. The defendant replied that he had remunerated some one for their use; but lie (witness) repeated that he could not allow him to take them away, and laid hold of one of them, upon which the defendant struck him a violent blow on the right eye with an opera glass which he held in his hand, and got away. The witness said he had a severe black eye, and the injuy he received was still visaole. Another waiter, named Read, corroborated the complainant's statement, and Police-constable 333 P said, he was called on to talke the defendant into custody, but did not do so on his giving his address. nreply to the charge, Mr. Wlls admitted the assault, but said he committed it in self-defence. The fact, he said, was that since Mr. Staples had taken the refreshment contract for the Palace he monopolized everything there, so that the only seats left for the visitors to seat themselves on were heavy benches. Requiring two chairs on the occasion referred to, he certainly took them, but not without giving a gratuity to one of the waiters, and while going towards hs party he was assailed by DO less than four waiters, the complainant and three others, who pushed him about, so that in striking the complainant he only acted on the defensive. He begged to add, however, that he had forgotten that he had the opera glass in his hand at the time, or he should not have struck with it. us. ELfthe i. -As far as I am able to judge, the comnplainant and his witnesses have given their evidence with great moderation and fairness, and I cannot help expressin mya surprise that a person in your position in life should have conducted h:mseif as those persons have described. It must appear quite icar to any one that the chairs are intended for persons having refreshments, and not for the use of te public generaoly, for if the public were allowed indiscriminately to carry them away those for who-e use they are especially provided would be left wholly withlout the accomumodation they afford. It is important, particularly in a place conducted with such decorum as the Crystal Palace undoubtedly is, that conduct like yours should be prevented; and the sentence upon you, therefore, is, that you pavy a penalty of 57. for thisassault, or be imprisoned for one calendar month. Mr. Wills, the defendant, at once paid the penalty, and was discharged.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In 27ie Times of yesterday I observed a paragrapch to the effect that the progress of the woxks in the new street in Spitalfields, undertaken bv the Commissioners of Wooas and Forests, is stooed for the want of some 20,000!. Had it been a sin private company thus stopped for the want of that sum I should have felt no surprise, but that a body like the Woods and Forests, which underta3;es works costing half-a-milion of money, should allow their operations tobe suspended in the above district for the sum mentioned is beyocl nay comprehension, especially -when money is as plentiful as at present. If that body is really so weak in its resources I am tempted to ask why it should have adopted an underkidng some 14 years ago for which they. had not adequate means, and in which they must have been aware they would meet with many stoppages, and defer its completion for half a generation 2 Many of the houses of that parish (I believe upwards of 100) -ere pulled down and their inhabitants dispersed, and scarcely a houne has as yet been built in their room, their sites having for years remained like a desolate waste. The parish of Spitalfields being but small, as may be imagined, the removal of the respectable inhabitants of so many demolished houses somewhat suddenly from it caused the trade of the immediate neighbourbood to languish and die. 3lany of the tradesmen have thereby been ruined, and many of the houses and shops are now shut up, where trade had formerly flourished in a pilentiful degree. Thus, those whbo remain and have endeavoured to weather the storm are suffering fearfully from the present satet of things, psrdchial rates-before heavy enough-being nearly double what they wvere before the so-called improvements were commenced, and those who are not hound by circmnstances to that precise locality are actually removing into other parishes to emcape the almost insupportable burden of parochial taxation, thus increasing the load for those who remainand leaving landlords with tenantless houses. I Inow not if the Commissioners of Woods and Forets are fuly aware of the serious mischief caused by their delay in completing what they have begun. If they are not, may I cherish the hope that the publicity given to these facts through your kindness will stimulate them to exertion, so that their activity in the ,ftnre shall in some measure compensate for the supineness of the nast ? G.,D.
" CUAMPBELL V. CORILEY." I TO THE EDITOR OF TH3 TDIES. Sir,-In" The Timoes of to-day 2s a speech-by Dr. Jenner at trivr Council-for John Corley, barrister, refcring to a woman "S. 81 Tlecireumstanoo vas forgiven me bytheletters, &c., ofthedeceased. But Dr. Jenner, with evideneeb fore him, suppressed thesecre' letter of John Corley to " S. 81..t" dated 1 and i ebruary. 1849, wbich lettershonld havebeen read to the Com*tby Dr. Jecner with the other evideslce and my rffdavits thereon. I bave givn notiees for tbo rehearingbr the Court of the case with evidence. adt I shall r,etit{on P.arhmlla t for a iur, to tr it. A 1. CAM3WISElb, of 1S13. Tx MAIuS.-The Royal mail steamship Africa sailed from Liverpool on Saturday, for New York, with 90 paisengers besides a large cargo and the 2nails.
PAI='s JuIJy.-The 12 tradesmen -who formedl Pahmer's jury have memorialized the 1,ords of the Treasury for some compensation bemng allowed them for the loss they sustained in being kept away from their respective businesses during the protraeted thi: 1of Palmrer at the Central Criminal Court.-O6serre;. CONFESSION OF P.atZBt.-A t the ordinary meeting of the visiting justices of Stafford Gaol, on Thursday, the the Rev. Mr. Goodacre, the chaplain of the prison, pre. sented a report respecting his interview with the late conviet 'William Palmer. The report is made up of extracts from the diary of the rev. gentleman. No order has beengiven respecting the publishing of it. We understand. that the chaplain found P'almer not unfrequently suffering intense mental agony. He was particularly so on the Thursday morning previous to his execution. The icr. gentleman gave him the best advice he could, showing the distinction between prnvate sins and public crimes, and pointed out that the latter demanded a confession before man. Palmer seemed to feel the force of the chaplain's remarks, and made use of the remarkable words:-"f it is necessary for my soul's sake to confess this aurder, I ought also to confess the others," adding, after a sfiort pause, '-Imeaniy wifeandimy brother," Be thenthrew himself on the -%.alet in the cell, and buried his face in- th6 clothes. The ciiaplain proceeded to ask him whether no was guilty of the murder of his wife? Palmer made no. reply. The rev. gentleman then asked him whether ke was guilty of the murder of his brother? A significant silence again betokened the prisoner's gauilt ? and when the chaplain could not forbearuttering tbe ejaculatory3prayer"The Lord have mercy on you !" he responded with a deep sigh. Ee shortly afterwards somewhatralied,andevidently callng to mind what had passed, obgerved to the chaplain that be m;ust not take advantage of what he had said, for he had neither denied noradmitted his guilt. An applicationi has been to the chaplain for permission to publish the report or some of the extracts.- Otsrrer. FaGnATrox FptOm Lw nrcrooL.-I,457 esuigrantg have left the port of Liverpool during the past mcnth, more than two-thirds of whom, or upwards of 8,600, have proceeded to.the United States. Of these nearly 6,000 were Irish, a little more than 2,000 Englisb, the remainder being about equally divided between Scotch and Germans. The mumber of emigrants who have sailed to Quebec during the month was L489, of whom 201. were English, 169 Scotch, 895 Irish, and 224 natives of other countries. To Australia there have sailed, in five ships, 1,518 emigrsnt, net ' all of whom have rooeeded to Melbourne; 952 were Engis, 94 Scotch, 390 Irish, and 82 natives of other touttries. .The returns for the quarter ending thu month have mot yet been made up; but, including short slips, it will not very much exceed 43,560, against 44,292 in the conreepoodlgk quarter of 1=.
t!HE COLDSTREAMS AT ALDERSffOTT. Conimon report Attributea to the Queen the intention of Qiem.,nz the troops at Aldershott on Stmurday, and the rumour, which the fineness of the-weather-for it was quite a "lQaeen's day"-seemed to sanction, attracted a great zumber of visitors, who, on arriving at the camp, had the uortifiation of learting that the troops were notb nder arms, and lad not received any intimation of Her Majesty's desire to inspect them. But those who had made the journey wtere not -without their reward, for, though there was no teview, the day -was as full of adventure and pleasant txetemenb as any that has occurred since Aldershott was zeclaimed from solitude, andconverted into a great military station. The sun shone forth in unclouded splendour, the country looked beautiful, and the landscape aUl around the camp presented those infinite varieties of form and colour. of Eound and fragrance, which are so delightfully characteristic of a midsummer day in England. It was one of Yature's holydays. The strains of martial music, the contrast of costumes, and the mank strikint incidents of camp life enhanced the interest of the scene; and when the Coldstream Guards arrived, after an absence of nearly twoyears and ahalf from their native land, and marched into quarters amid the enthusiastic acclamations of the troops already encamped, the picture was remarkably brilliant and animated. The regiment was conveyed from Portsmouth in special trains, and reached the camp about 1 o'clock. The rank and file were dressed in their new tunics, but many of the officers wore the tail-coats and epaulettes in which they quitted England. All were in heavy marching order-the heaviest they had marched in since they went where glory led them. fut seldom were they seen in such gallant guise. They had bunches of roses in the muzzles of their firelocks, and in their hands bouquets presented to them by the ladies of Portsmouth. Nor was it uninteresting, as indicating character, to observe the strange soutvenirs which many of the men brought home with them from the scene of their advenures. Sonme had Russian dogs, some had Turkish goats, one had a pet singing bird, another a black hen, and a third-a veteran warrior, with a beard worthy of Esau-fosidled in his bosom a little 'white kitten. A ragge& old dog, which answers to the name of " Joss," is an object of fond solicitude to every man in the battalion, and very naturally so, for this ekien du s egiezcat smelt powder at the Alma and Balaklava, and felt it, to his sorrowv, at Inkermann, where he was shot through the leg. The faithful creature foUowed the regiment through the whole campaign, and deserves a medal of more precious metal than the base pewter suspended from his neek. The tenderness with which these petanimals are treated proves that there is no moral affinity between the heads andthe head-dresses ofthe men, and that t may be said of the *'Coldstreams" as truly as it was observed of that rugged philanthropist, Dr. Johnson, that they have " nothing of the bear but the skin." After the troops had had time to rest themselves the men fell into rank. The band of the Rifles, wlhich was in waiting for them at the station, struck up "Home, sweet Rome "' and to that tender and pathetic nielody the Coldstreams marched into camp. The troops turned out to cheer them as they passed, and the villagers, who were scattered in various groups alorig the dusty road from Farnborough to Aldershott, welcomed them enthusiasticaUly. The present representatives of this fausous battalion are young, stalvart, sinewy men; but it must not be supposed that they are in the main, or even in a large proportion, the identical Guardsmen who left London in the dim dawn of a raw MLarchl morning in 13.54. Of the 8.50 who followed the drum on that memorable occasion only 112 have returned, and even these are so strangely altered that, as Sheridan w.ittily remarked of the change in his own appearance,, ",their oldest creditors would not knoow them." The regiment is at present 1, 100 strong, and, though not a few of the men joined so recently that they have never been in action, they are fine soldierly fellows, and it is not to be doubted that they vill worthily sustain the glorv of their colours.
- AJIEStMCY VUJ U JDi U ?EISS. TO THE EDITOR OF TE[E TIMES. Sir,-There is a proverb, wbhich (like a good mnany other things) is both English and American, which tells us that " one swallow does not make a summer;" and, by analogy, it is fair to assume that " one American does not make a nation whether he be a " President" at Washington, seeking votes from the Irish-American mob (who give the casting vote in one-half of the American elections), by so nearly insulting the English Government as to endanger the peace of the world, or a " citizen" in London, eager to share in the ceremonial of a Royal levee, but displaying his contempt for all such pomps and vanities by refusing to pay that attention to his dress wvithout whichb-he would not think of presenting himself at even a private " party" in his ow;-n country. And I protest against the charge of ill-breeding, which yoeL level at the whole American peoplc, because in an isolated instance one American has been found capable of the bad taste and want of common courtesy, evinced by a proceeding which is either a deliberate impertinence, or an incredibly egotistical attempt to make the Queen of England, while receiving him as a guest, wave, in his individual favour, regulations with vhich the "citizens" of other countries are content either to comiiply, or to adopt the obvious alternative of forbearing to take part in a ceremo. nial, to some of the essential formalities of which they have an objection, and for permission to attend which they are indebted to the courtesy of the Sovereign, accorded in compliance withl their owvn formal request. Can it be pretended that under such circumstances the Sovereign has not the most absolute right to impose any conditions of costuie or of ceremony that she may think fit; those " conditions" being, in fact, tacitly subscribed to by the very act of soliciting the " presentation," to which they are notoriously attached? It would be as sensible to deny the Queen's right to name the hour and ILx the place for these receptions. It may be very well to concede to a diplomatic representa tive of the United States .the exceptional liberty of attend ing Court in a dress which exposes hini to be mistaken for a " servant out of livery,"'for his official station renders his attendance a matter of necessity, and his Government objects to his wearing any official costumne. But surely this concession to a functionary, whose duty calls hini to Court, and who, is of course, to be pitied for doing sucl violence to lsis conscience as is involved in thus " bow ing in the temple of .inomon," thus showing espPeat to "PRoyalty," on anY terms-this concession, cannot be held to confer any right to a similar induilgence upon those lvho voluntarily debas3 themseles and humiliate their country by actually asking pemii,sion to share in an act of deliberate homage to tha; "institution" of Iloyalty agaiust which those uncomipro. mising Republicans, who find "aristocracy" in a bit of gold lace, and " mnoniarchy" in a row of gilt buttons, ought rather to take up their testimony on all occasions. But, scriously, Sir, I pray you to believe, that among the majority of my countrymnen this escapcmde of our " fellowcitizen" wviU be regarded as a display of ignorance, rudeness, and egotistical folly; and their only regret will be, that a man who could thus belie the ordinary good sense and good breeding of his compatriots has paid no ot'her penalty than tlhat of losing the " sight," wlhich lie was, no doubt, eager to behold-the "live Queen," surrounded by "live lords and ladies." And more than this, pray assure yourself, that the majority of my countrymen contemn the affectation of " republican simplicity" displayed by ouir Government in reference to the costume of onr diplomatic agents. The idea of making it a question of political principle is preposterous; while as a imatter of taste surely notbing is so offensive or so conspicuous as singularity, and there is often more real vanity and ostentation in the Quaker custom of rendering simplicity conspicuous than in the genuine uenobtrusiveness of dressing " like other people." And this " purism" of republican severity, which finds aristocratic tendencies in the cut of a coat, is altogether modern, and has increased ie exact proportion to the decline among us of political principlc and public morality. Those men who are remembered under the names of TWashington, Adams, Jefferson, and the like-the veritable "fathers of the Republic"-were as far above any such wretched quackery of anti-anstocracy as from thinking rep'blicanism identical wvith dleiiiocracy, or a representativO Government nccessarily the organ of mob-law and the slave of every popular impulse. And be it understood, that every Administration from the first down to the present ("dowvn," indeed!) has not only sanctioned the use of a distinctive dress by our Diplomatic Corps, but actually speeiflpd (in its printed "instructions," issued to each Minister when appointed) the dress whlich might be worn, wvhere the regulations of the Court to which the agent might be accredited should leave him free to choose; thus recognizin.g (by the way) the right of every Court to inipose its own regulations in matters of cezemony upon persons volunstarily coimeing within its sphere. Aind it is notorious that Washington and his immediate successors_ il the Presidency always appeared in full dress at their "receptions" (small clothes, silk stockingp, dress coat, asid sword); and also that 1Washington not only deemed it becoming to his high station to lend the aid of dress to the singular dignity of his personal bearing, but that he would as soon have cut off his hand as eave gone through the sycophantic form adopted by modern Presidents of tendering it to be "shaken" by every one who might appro.chh Ii,ii-even by the thousands assembled at a D-il'lhic criebratuon-a proceeding fitly piralleled by forbiddii'g our dipbL-nutists to wear their adc.stoined dress, lest they slhoild kee1n to assert. tome supe- -,,rity over those whom that -distinguished " republican Maximilien Robespierre, called "the poor and virtuous people." But, in truth, although eager for power, and proud of office, the modern American demagogue thinks it politic to flatter the vanity of the mob by pretending to be their humble " servant," while in truth he aspires to be only the more completely their master. Washington and his contemporaries did not pay this profound reverence-to the aforesaid " poor and virtuous ;" and doubtless, therefore, were not such pare and disinterested patriots as their present successors,who at least seem to have a becoming consciousness of their own unwofthiuess. If Washington and his contemporaries were less humble than is now the fashion, perhaps they had less reason to be so. And as to this question of costume, I do not obtrude upon you my individual opinion, but views in which hosts of my countrymen coincide most completely. But although I venture to speak plainly of " citizens"' who do us discredit by ostentatious folly, or demagogues who degradg republicanism by making it identical with mob law, I am not the less sincerely attached to my own country and its institutions; nor the less honestly an admirer of those institutions because they are liable to abuse. Nor am I, because I censure the faults of my countrymen, at all. ashamed of my nationality, or one whit the less ready to subscribe myself, vour obedient servant. AN AMLERICAN.
THE SHIP WBIGHTS' STRIKE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It is with reluctance we ask to intrude our names onl your columns, but the public interest manifested in the differences unhappily subsisting between our workmen and ourselves, and the manner in which the question has been noticed and commented on by the universal metropolitan press, render it a duty, irrespective of all personal considerations, to take care that the substantial facts of the case are correctly known. With the general tone of the published remarks on the subject we at least have abundant reason to be satisfied,-they have uniformly approved the " regulations" for which we contend, and have rendered ample justice to our motives in introducing themr; but on one important point an error appears to prevail. W^7hile it is admitted that the changes we propose are eminently calculated to improve the moral and social condition of the workmen it is justly contended that in the endeavour to effect such improvements the wishes and feelings of the working classes themselves should be consulted, and it is hastily inferred from the fact of the opposition we encounter that we are obstinately insisting on forcing on the shipwrights changes which, however adapted to promote their welfare, they are not sufficiently advancedin inowledge to appreciate, and are, at all events, entitled to accept or reject, at their absolute volition. Sir, we are not such theoretical pseudo-philanthropists. Had the case stood thus, we should long ago, regretting the failure of a well-intended effort, have spared ourselves the unspeakable trials of such a conflict, and yielded to the desire of the workmen we employ. But the facts are directly the reverse. Large bodies of shipwrights in the port of London and throughout the country cordially approve our regulations, declare our terms to be liberal, and are anxious to enter into our employ. Why, then, it will be asked, do they not do so? The answer, ineredible as it may seem, in this free aud enlightened coiultry, is plainly this :-Because they are prevented and controlled by the dictation and machinations of a secret, powerful, and irresponsible tribunal, e.xtending, by means of correspondence with affiliated societies, its authority through every corner of the 'United Kingdom, and sabjecting the freedom of individual will to a slavery as abject and as terrible as that of the Inquisition. We could prove incidents that have recently occiurred, illustrative of these truths, which would startle the public, but we forbear. A-l we are anxious to establish is that we are contending, not for the promotion of our own selfish interest, not for the dogged maintenance of our individual opinions, not to force our peculiar notions on honest and independent, even if misguided workmnen; but in defence of the sacred and indefeasible principle of the right of every man in a free country, so long as he acts in obedience to the laws, to pursue such a course as, in the exercise of an unfettered conscience and an independent judgment, he considers best adapted to advance his individual welfare; free alike from the arbitras-y control of his employers and the tyrannical dictation of his fellow-workmen. WVe are fighting, therefore, the real battle of the workmen themselves, and in this fight we invoke the aid of impartial public opinion, as we know we have the sympathy of large numbers of the best portion of the working shipwrights of the country. If we are alone in the effort it iS only because, opposing as unjust and mischievous the combination of the.shipwrights, we will not fal into the inconsistency of cndeavouring to formr a conmbination of shipbuilders. We are, Sir, Your faithful and obedient servants. YOUNNG, SON AS.D MAGN Y. .xnmenoune vocyaxac, june zi.
PROPOSED MoNruxTENv to SIR XV. WALLACE AT STIRLxlNG,-On Tuesday afternoon a great open-air meeting was held in the King's Park, Stirling, for the purpose of taking measures to raise a national monument to the memory of Sir William WaUace, to be erected on the summit of the Abbey Craig near that city. Besiness was entirely suspended in Stirling on the occasion, and at least 10,000 persons were present in the park. The Earl of Elgin camze down from London by express for the purpose of presiding at the meeting, and several other noblemen and members of Parliament would have been present, had not their duties at Westminster detained them in the metropolis. The report of the speeches, if given at length, would occupy several columns, and our readers muse, therefore, be content with a digest of the proceedings. The Earl of Elgin opened the business of the day by stating that, altlough he had come doNvn to attend the meeting at great personal inconvenience to himself, he felt that the honour more than repaid him for the sacrifice. The noble earl would not (he said) dwell on the claims of Walace to the admiration and gratitude of Scotebmen, or on the superiority of the Abbey Craig to any other site for a monument. That task he left to his successors on the platform. After commending the projectors of the meeting for holding it on the anniversory of the battle of Basnockburn the noble earl remarked -I think, if time permitted, I wvould undertake to show thrtit is owing to the successful struggle carried on under Bruce and Vallace that the union between Scotland and England has not only been honourable to the former country, but profitable to the latter. (Cheers.) And a comparison of the results wliicls have attended the connexion between England and Scotland and England and Ireland will go very far to show hovw little a nation gains wlhich succeeds in forcing its own foreign institutions, foreign laws, and foreign religion upon a reluctant and high. spirited people. (Applause.) I fear. I greatly fear, that we have not yet read that most valuablehbuit luost painful lesson to its close; for, rely upon it, that, if ever a collision takes place between those two great branches of the Anglolitxon race which dwell on opposite shores of the broad Atlantic, that calamity-the most grievous that can befall cither country--will be attributable to the humiliations which in bygone tines England has sought to impose on Ireland. (Hiear, hear.) I believe, tlerefore, if the whole truth were to be told on this matter, we might show that what England owes to WaUace and Bruce is only second to the debt of obligation which Scotland herself owes to them. (Cheers.) The noble earl delicately hibted his own sense of the propriet- of erecting on the Craig a joint monument to Wallace and Robert Bruce, but e.xpressed his acquiescence in the present arrangement, and his readiness to co-operate heart and soul in doing honour to the name of Wallace. The Lord Provost of Edinburgh proposed the first resolution, as folows :-" Recognizing the clainis of Sir William Wallace to the immortal gratitude of Scotsmen, as the successfuil defender of the independence and liberiy of Scotland, at a period when the kinigdom was subjected to the dormination of a foreign Power, through the imbecility of the monarch, and the servility of the rulers; and tracing to his courageous enterprise in war and prudent administration in peace the first genii of that civil and religious liberty which w.-e now enjoy, it is resolved to erect a national monunment to his memory." This was seconded by Mr. Sheriff Robertson, and carried by acclamation. Sheriff Bell next moved that the monument be raised on the Abbey Craig in a long anl purely historical speech. Wallace, lie observed, was a man of excelling personal appearance. In the 15th century King James I. met with an old lady who remembered Wallace and Bruce, and he inquired eagerly about their personal appearance. She told him that Bruce was a man of noble, adnmirable appearance, and that no man of his day could compete with him in strengthl. Bet, she added, that so far as Bruce excelled all the other men of his time, so far did WYallace exfcel Brucein strength. fle was a man, also, who never for a moment lost sight of the great truth that liberty was to Iiis couxntry all in alL Mx. Campbell, of MoDzie, seconded the resolution, and alluded, in racy termns, to the spirit of Wallace having inspired the Scots Grays in their noble charge, and the thin red ine of Highlanders in their gallant repulse of the Russians at Balaklava. The resolution was agreed to noem. diss. The Rev. Dr. GiOan then rose andinoved that subscriptions be forthwith collected in all parts of the kingdom and the colonies for the carrying out of this great (Scottish) national enterprise. In the course of his speech the rev. gentlemnan alliided to the present state of tbe continent of Europe, alsowing that civil and religious liberty went always hand in hand, and obselving that, as a defender of religious toleramice, lie stood up for civil liberty. As an uphlolder of the chirch of Christ, he must have HTis people free; and he could not help hionouring Wallace the nore when he learnt that Boniface (the wretched Pope of that day) turned anything but a "bonny face" to him, and that hefairly excommunicated Bruce and his follo.ers for daring to fight for their country. Committees w-ere afterwards appointed Lfor carrying out the resolutions. The decigq for the I monument is to be submitted to public corppetition among native artists. In the evening a grand dinner took place at the Golden Lion Hotel, to which S) gentlemen sat down, Sheriff Bai]lie occupying the presideptipi chair; and thus terminated this great national demonstration.
SHIP NZWS. LiVERPOOL. JUNE 29. lIY FLCflto TELELXLU'U.I 'Wind hs.W. Sailed June 28.-The Parliament. for Fernandina-the Nonparell, for Leghorn-the Vesper, for New York-the Westnorelarsnd. for Pbisdelphia-theSkiddav,for Caldera-the Nlary, for Altandriathe Floating Zepher, for Rio Janeiro-the Julia,for Bilbo-ttho Levant. for Archangel-the Zohosh, for Melbovurue. Operations are in progress to isuprov:o the entraLnce to New York Harbour by the removal of Diamond R.eef and rome s uccessful blastings have been made. Great quantities of fish: are sleslroped bY the explosions. The operatiena are expected to be com pleted by Sep- NEVw Yoes, .7ne 16.-The bark Blake, vlhirls was abandoned on the 29th of March,inlat. 42 N.. long. 23 W., was passedlon the 16tl ult. in lat. 40. long. 23. The Champion. loaidinig fior Europe, wavs capsized and filledothe 9th inst. in the Bay of Itavanusth duriug a heavy squall, aud two or three lighters of sugar, Iyillg aloDgside were aunk by her falling over on thens Juice 28. Wind, N. Arrived.-The Joseph Howe, from Londonderry. The Pandora, hence, has errived at Esantrs. The Persian, of thin porc, has arrived in the Bosphoras. The Antis Sssstin, hence, has arrived at Cros,stsdt. The Fortuns, hence, has arrived at Ssrinvnunde. The Isabella mid 5Catherine, hence, has arrived at Pillau. The Julia, hence, and the Benjamin Hcape, from Melboerne, have arrived at Shanghali. The Ano sailed from Genoa on the 16th inst., aud the Rataxeys on the 19th, for this port. Sailed.-The flebe, for Rotterdam-the Christiana, for Iceland-the Africa and the Conist.ntine, for New York-the Susan Howland, for aCahao-the Itaffe;lina, for Genoa-the Orwell, for Groningen-tho British Qouecn. for Smyra-the Industry, for Quebec. The Alije Pronk, hence for Cronsinadt, has arrived at Elsinore, -with damage to foremast. ; The Senator, henc, has arrived at Cronstadi, iithdamsge, and 'must ha hos e downB, havin,g been aground. ,The Agenoria, w.ith brimstono,.put back to Palermo onthefth mast., havung sprsng a leak, was dischlarging onthe 17th. LosDos-, June 28.-Wind at noon, INW.; lighlt, peasant, and Cloudy. BEIsaTO. June 28.-Wind, N.f., light. -Arrived, the Regalia, from Aberyatwith-the Jane, from Tenby the Beresford, from Swanseathe Sarah. from Cardigan-the Juverna, from Cork-the Priness Royal, from Bideford. Sailed, the Eugenie, for Genoa-the Harbinger, for Cronstadt-tho Naas, for Rotterdam. June 19.-Wind, N.E., light, fine-Aryed, the Pioneer, from Londou-the Neath Abbey, from Nath. Saied, the Flora Mlary, for Swansea-the Emily, for IJanehly-tho HIero, for Barnstaple-tiso Anelia, for Liverpool. FAosrn, June 26.-Arrived. the 8ylph, ftnfm Dublin. June 27.-WVind, variable.-- Sailed, the Sylph, for London the Bcele for Liverplool.-.the Eclipse, for Dublin the Genus WlvislhInsin,for Cork-the Mfaid of the Mdill for Ratford the Arnandus, the Schade, and the Gros Herrg von 6ldessborg, for WVatonford, GRAVESEND. JuNE 29. (BY SUBXAimeS AxRm Bamstu TEEoRaA&ru.) (From Ioyd's.) 4 p.m.-Wind, northerly; tide 4 housr' ebb; fine. Arrived&-The Jessie, from Mmsnel-the Stadt Dordrctclst, from Dordt-the Concordia, from Rotterdasm-the Sir E. Banks, from Calais -theDiana, from Rotterdam-the City of London, from Dmmkirkthe Henpkedina, from Leci-thc Ann EUizabeth, from Randers-the Stiringshlure, from Rotterdam-the Auguste Frederick, from ElbingtheFauny, from Frederickstadt-the Theodom, from Wykoping-the Hertha, from .Fohr-the Prosperity, from Ghent-the Elna. from Ros. toek-the Stadt and the Iornelia, from WVorcem-the Fomica, from Hoyer-the Elsine, from Ualborg-the Charrnides, from marstrand, the Dolphii, from Hamburg. Saled.-Thc Progress, for Constantinople-the Elbe, for Hamburgthe Magnet, for Amstordam-the Deamark, for ltavre-the larlingen, for Harliagen-the City of Rotterdam, for Dankirk-the Magdalne, for Ilteosina-the Lord J. Russell and the Batavier, for Rotterdam-the Albion. from Boslogrne-tho Triton, for Calsis-the Baron Cay, for Antwerp-the Prince Albert, for Hudson's Bay-the Plymouth Rock, for New York. JUXE 2& 9 30 a.m.-Wind, caloi; tide, high-wvater; fine. Arrived.-The Caroline, from MIaskers-the Elizabeth, from Thisted-tle Caledonia, from Hamburg-tho Panther, from Boulogne-the Belgimn, from Ostend-the Telegraph, from Antwerp. the Catherine Elizabeth, from Groningen-the Frienduchaft, from Hooekaiel. Sailed.-Tle Orient, for Adelaide-the Time and Truth, for Port Phillip-the St.. Vincent for Hobart Town-the Valiant. forKonigsberg. 1 p.m.-Wtind, calm; tide, 4 hours' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Dover, from Dramu-the Ann and the Standard, from Dantsic-tboForwarts, from Aalborg. Saled.-The Johanua, for Bremen-the Holand, for Ostend-the City of Hamburg, for Rotterdam. 3 p.m.-Tfnd, calm; tide, 2 hours' ebb; fine. Sailed.-The Era, for Cortu. 4 p.m-Arrived.-the Emma and '.the Vanguard, from Dantsic-the Sylph, from Boulogne-the West Friesland, from Harligen. Sailed.-The Lotus, for Hud3on'6sBay-the Johanna, for St. Peter.. burg-the Carolne, for Leghorn. 730 p.m.-Wind, N.W. ; tide, 3 hours' flood; weather, fine. Arrived.-Tlse City of Norwich, from Tonning-the Brenda, from Ceonstantinople-the Ida. from Praistoe-the Ansnette, from Nykobing -the Hoffnung. from Thisted-the Apollo, from Bandholm. Sailed.-The Ariel, for Valparasso' Arrived on the 27th.-The Anus, from Rostock-the Penelope, from Skien-the Sutton, from Rossen-tho Stephen Watson, from Dantsic -the Freden, from NVordkoping-the Harmonia, from Rigs-the Newceastle, from Ametordasm-the Emm a, from Sines-the UJnion, and t-hemBHalms, frgom Esudenl-tse Dolphin, from Ronen-tho Othello, DOEALe, Juic 29. (By SumnusE A.SD BrrITsIr TELEoiLPin.) (From Lloyd's.) 5 p.m.-tWind, S.E1; moderate and fine. Arrived and Passed.-The Harbinger end the City of Carlisle. from the westvard, for London-the Abeona, from Montevideo for London -the Yankee Blade, from Newcastle, for Toulon-the Sewvall, for Swansea-the Orient, for Adelaide-the Tiute and Truth, for Port Phillip-the Caroline, for Leghom-the Flora I MDonald, for Glasgow -the Sappho, for Dernerara-the Aun Falcon, for Quebec-the Era, for Mista-all from London. Arrived and Anchored.-The Sslffolk, from London for Cardiff. JUNE 28. 9 a.m.-Wind, N.N.E. ; moderato, with thick fog. Passd. - -The Rambler, from London for Rio Gradle. Sailed.-The Strathmore, thio Radiant the Antiodes, and the Cowlitz, outward bound. Remahis.-The Samuel Lawreneu, the Kileber, and the Damblatthe latter saiting repairs of rudder. Noon.-Wind, N.E.; light and fine. Passed.-the Giovanni de Arce, from Newcastle for Genoa-tlc Taurus, from Lonlon for Quebec. 2pjm.-WInd, S.E.; liglst and flue. Passed.-Tlle Harry Brig, for aMes3ina-the Sir H. Pottinger, for Carthagena-both from Shields. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, S., light. Arrived assd Anchored--The St. Vincent, from London for Hobart Tow. Salled.-The wvhole of the outward-hound, except the Damblat. Paseod off South Foreland on the 27th.-The Mathilda, from Constantinople forBremen. Passed in the Clsainel on the 26th.-The Baum, from Dantsie for St. Nazaire-the Kenderwy, from Hamburg for Batavia-the Charlotte von Revel. from Middlesborossgh, for Lisbon. The Nora, from Scaham for Sonthampton, with coals, got on the Goodwin Sands dluring a thick fog. but was towed off by ateamntug on the flood. VissaLs SosPOEN WrIs. The General de Thicers, from WYaterford for Hongkong. June 20, in lat. 47NX., long. 8W. The Clyde, from London for Sydney, May 14, in 1at. 6 X. lonig. 24 VW. The Pactolus,for Malta, June14. The Earl of Leicester, off Cape Syu. Jsme 16. The -Mary Ann, Jmne 1S, in lat. 86 N., long. 3W. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Mornming .. 0 min. after 0 i Afternoon .. 4 min. after 12
FiR x 'Nr THn CInY.-Yesterday (Siunday) morning a fire attended with the destruction of much property happened in the extensive range of premises in the occupancy of Mr. J. Lacey, a printer's jomer, at No. 45, Little Bartholomew-close, a thoroughfare about midway between West Smithfield and Aldersgate-street. IVarious other buildings surrounding the one on fire at each point, it becanie manifest to Police-constable Chapman, No. 2.57, who first discovered the fire, that unless the occupants were at once aroused they would be burnt to death ; that officer, therefore, without loss of time sent for proper assistance, and in the course of a few minutes Inspectors Hamilton and MitcheU, with ActiDg-Inspector Kilby, arrived, bringing with them a powerful body of the city police. The officers were at once sent round to the adjoining streets to arouse the inmates, but so fiercely did the flames, progress that before any of them were enabled to get out of bed the fire rushed into several houses in Middlesex-passage (commonly termed the Devil's passage), as well as into two or three others in Little Bartholomew-close. The inmates of the houses in Middlesex-passage-each house containing three or four families-had barely time toritsh out in safety, some of the parties being in their night clothes, and none of them had time to save an article of furniture. Fortunately the mains of the New River Company, upon being drawn, yielded au abundant supply of water, from which the firemen, under the superintendence of the head officers, went to work in an admirable manner, and lengths of hose were carried througlh the passages of the surrounding buildings, by which the brigades were enabled to pour continuous streams of water upon the flames, but in spite of this not fewer than eight or aune large buildings were in a blaze at one time. The flames were not entirely extinguished until a vast amount of property was destroyed, soine idea of which can be formed fromn the fillowing official report of the damage done :-No. 45, Little Bartholomew-close, Mr. J. Lacey, printer's joiner; the premises burnt down, the furniture consumed, the stock-an-trade, machuiery, &-c., destroyed-cause of fire, the escape of gas. The loss is partially covered by insurances in the Royal Exchange and AnchorFire-offices. No. 46, ditto, Mr. J. H. Beringer, wood turner; premises and contents totally destroyed; insured in the British Empire Uutual Fire-office. No. 46 A, ditto, Mir. 3 Williamson (private), premises and contents consumed; insurance unk-own. No. 47, R. Cook, printer's roller manufacturer, side windows burnt out and part of reof much damaged; insurance unknowvn. No. 54, ditto, Mr. S. Vanderplank, furniture and back part of dwelling very seriously damaged by fire, and roof burnt oft; furniture not insured, building in the Globe. No. fO, ditto, Messrs. Evans, Lescher, and Evans, wholesale druggists; roof of laboratoryand contents miuch damiiaged by fire; contents and building insured in the Royal Liverpool Fire-office. No. 1, Middlesex-passage, Mr. B. White, private, contents and bmilding seriously damaged by fire; contents not insured, the building unknown. No. 2, ditto), Mr. J. Chalton, premises and contents nearly destroyed; uninsured. wNo. S. ditto, Mr. C. Etheridge; contents and buildings seriously damaged by fire; inot insured. No. 44, Little Bartholomew-close, Mr. J. Cockerill, bricklayer; back sheds extensively damaged by fire and the windows broken; not insured. No. 40, ditto, Mr. J. Stanborough, fringe maker; premises burnt outn; contents not insured, buildin- unknown. During the raging of the fire Mr. Hodsoll, the surveyor to various fire-offices; M.r White, of the County Fire-office; -1r. Bradley, of the Anchor; and Mr. T. Loader, of the IUnity Fire-office, attended to look after the salvage. QUEns's COLLEGEIS (IRLAND) Br,L.-An I-isb Government bill extends the provisions of the existing act by enmjowering the president and euurcil of each of the Queens Colleges to appoint three miiedical officers, who, with the ordinary medical officer of the wvoirkhouse hospital of the town, may visit and prescribe for the patients in the wards of that hospital, 'whereto the mediedl students have access. Boards of guardians nimy give the medical students of the three colleges access to workh- use hospitals. Clinical lectures must be given a-nually by the mqdical officers appointed umder this act to the students attending the worhouse hospitals; and the medical officers may charge fees, subject to the approval of the Lord-Lieutens,nt of Ireland.
NEW NOVEL,by the Author of " Alice Wentworth:"-Now reair at all the lbraries, 3 vols. - TIANA WYNYARD. By the Author of " Alice D Wnetworth,",g. HurstandBlacbett, pualisheras,ueEsorst IHenry Colburn, IS, Great 3arlborough-street. Just published, in 2 vols, witl Illustrations, 2:s., HE HOLY PLACES: a Narrative of Tlvo Years' T. R'eidenco in Jerusalem and Palestine. By HALNKMER L, DUPUIS. *With Notes on the Dispersed' Vauaanite Tribes. By Joseph Dupu4 late British Vice-Consul in Tripoli and Tunis. Hlurat and Blackett. publisbem, 13, Great MIarlbi rough-treet. NEW NOVEL, by the Author of ' The Wife's Tnal&Y-Now reads at all the libraries, in 3 vols.. V EILED HEARTS. By the Author of "The lVife'3 Trials." " 'Veited HEea' will be widely read and im. uornsehy Ddmired."-fiamday Timecs. " The story is artistically conitructed, the incidents aroetriking the scenespowerf! a.ywrouuht, and the characters delc.ateby and silf ully delin eatedy-John Bu.L Hurst and Bl.acke;t, publishers. successors to Henry Colburn, Now ready, iu two voes., withIlloutrati.us, 2IK bound, EASTERN HIOSPITALSasd ENGLISH NURSES: the Narrative of Twelve lonths' Experience in the Hospitals of XoulaliandiScutaxi. ByaLADYVOLUNTEER. '-T1estoryofthe noble deods done by Miss Nightingale and her devoted sisterhood will never be more effectively told than in the beautiful narrative contaiued. in these volumesmY-Joba Bull. "A work doing honour to humanity." -Examiner. Hurst and Bhackett, 13. Great atralbn,r,ugb.street. Cheap edition, complete in eight vols., with Portraits of every Queen, price 7s. Gd. each bound L IVES of the QUEENS of ENGLAND. By AGNES STRICKLAID. "Miss Strickland han given a most raluable contributioni to the history of England. and we have no heiitation in affirming tha tno one can be said to possess an accurate knowledge of the history of the country who h%s not studied this truy national work."-lHerald. HEurat and Blackett, publiehers. suceasors to Henry Colburn. 12th edition, now ready. with 15 illustratirss, 6s. bound EHE CRESCENT and the CrioSS. By ELIOT uTWARBURTON, " Independently of its value as an original narrative, and its useful and interesting information, this work is re. markable for the colourig power and play of fancy with which its descriptions are enlivened. Among its greatest and most lastinC chsrms is its reverent and serious spirit."-Quarterly Review. Hurst and Bllackett, publishers, succemsrsto Henry ColburD, 13,lGreat Marl. borough-street. MISS J,EWSBUIR`'r NEW NOVEL.-Nowereatly, in2vols,. r HE SORROWS of GENTILITY.. By Miss XJEWSBIJUY. "A remarkably good novel, well nritten, amusing, sensible, and firm to its purpose "-Examiner. " In a tale extremely simple in idea and perfectly natural in ex caltion, Miss Jewabury has contrived to exhibit a choice moral with her accustomed grace and power. We advise ourreaders to sendfor the 'Sorrows of Gentility.-' -Athesiem. Hurst and Blackett. publishers, suczezsors to Henry Colburn. To be bad at all the libraries, in 3 vols. i,rODERN SOCIETYin ROME. By J. R. BESTE, 1JL Esq., author of "The Wabash," " This work is singularly interesting. It contains strikng narratives of most of the principal events that occurred from the accession of Pio Nono to the occupation of Rtome by the French, with spirited and truthful sketches of the leading characters who took part in the politics of tbat memorable period."- Literary Ga7ette.-Hurst and Blackett, pubishers, 13, Great Marl. borough-street. Now ready at all the libraries, in3 vols, ,jrARGARET and her BRIDESMAIDS. By the Ak Author of " Woman's Devotion." " We recommend al vwho are in searh of a fascinating novel to read this work; they wivl find it well worth their while. There is a freshness and originality about it quite charming, and there is a certain nobleness inthe treatment, both of sentiment aud incident, which is not ,ftenfound. The story isvery interesting."-Athenmumr. HurstandBlackett publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Starlborough-strest. Now ready, in twvo vols. Svo., vith Portraits ErEMOIRS of theCOURT of theEGENY From M Original Family Documents. By the Duke of BUCIgINGHA?E and CHANDOS, X.G. "These volumes cover a completeepoch-the period of the Regency-a period of large and stirring English history To the Duke of Buckingham, who thus out of his family archives places within our reach authentic and exceedingly minute pictures of the governors of Ensland, we owe grateful aeck.owledgment. His papers abound in fresh lights on old topies, and in new illustratiocs and anecdotes. The intrinsic value of the letters is enhanced by the judicious setting of the explanatory comnient that accompanies them which is put together with much care and honesty."-Examiner. Huroand Blacteti, publishera, 13. Great Marlborough-street. Nowv ready, in two vols, 21s. bound, pEVELATIONS of PRISON LIFE. By GEORGE LI,LAVAL CHESTERTON, 25 years Governor of the Houase of Correction at Coldbath-fields. Principal contents:-The Prison, its Original Character and Tardy Reforination-Criminals, their Calings, Lnguage, and Perversity-Prison Reformers-the itfagistracy-tho New Police-Corrupt Functionaries-Abuses-Pxrison Labour-Plans to Escape-Political Prisoners-Gentlemen Priso.ers-Talented Prisoners-Snveterate Impostor-Sauctimonious Reprobates-The Hopeful and the Hopeless-Female Prisoners-Vagrants-Ticket-of-Leave : en-TIansportation-Escapes-Socldes-Pleas of lunocenco- orporal Punishment-Systems of Prison Discipline-Juvenile Reformatories, Mettray, &c. Hurst and BLack-ett, publishers, 13, Great Marlboroughi-street. Lately publihed, in crown rvo., price s, 6d. IHE LAST of the OLD SQUIRES : a Sketch. By a CEDRIC OlDACRE, Esq,of Sao-Normaubhiy, sometimeof Christ Church, Oxon. London, Longman and Co. Justpublisbed, in crown Sve, price 7s. 6d YQHE DOCTRISE of INSPRATION: beina an Inquiry concerning thoI IufaiuboiLtns rn i siratioup lndsAu rity of HoloyWrit. By tehoRev. JOHN S IAChAUtGHT, M.A, Oxen., Incumbent of St. Chrysostom's Church, Everton, Liverpool. london, I.ongmau snd Co. I ateir pisblshel, in Svo.. price lSss. TJEHE BRITISH COwMMONWEALTH:* a Commnen- tarp on the Institutions and Principles of Britisls Government. By HO.MEISHAMi COY, MSA.. Fellow of the Cambridge Philosophical Society, Barrister. London, Longman and Co. The SUNDAY QUEhTION.-New Edition, with Appendix, in 16mo. price ha. HREE LETTERS to a FRIEND on the SUXn T DAY QUESTION, Viewed chiefly in Relation to its Social and olitical AsPects. WYith a Parliamentary Speech which wi not be foundin any o£fthe )ebates. By N.TL P. LFondon, Longulan andCoD NEW AFRICAN TRAVELS by Captain BURTON.-In rvo., vith _Mas and Coloured Plates, price Its. cloth. 1jIRST F3OTSTEPS in EAST AFRICA; or, F lan Exploration of Harar. By RtICHAD F. BURTON, Bombay Army, Author of a "Pilgrimage no t ldina and Mecca." &c. London, Longman and Co. Just published, in Svo., prioe Ss, TVHE CHRISTIAN SYSTEM; or, Teachings of the JLNavwTestament. A Treatise on, and Boof of Quotation or Refo- rence to, every Doctrinal Passage from Matthew to Jude. arranged according to the subjects. By BEANIS FARRAND. London, Long. man. Brown, and Co. Just published, in Svo., prioo Is ^N CALCULO US DISEASE aand its CONSE. y QttENCES: being the Croonina L ectures for the year 1856. delered beforethe Royal College Physicians. ByG. OWVEN REES, ID., F.RS., Fellowv of the Collego, Phycician to Guy's IHospital Examier on lcateria Medics in the Urniversity of London. London Mr. HUNT's NEW WORK en STAMMrEIING is published this day, _ TREAT p~rico 3s. 6d.; bY plo,Rst. 10 ld.. A TREATISE on the CURE of STAMMERING, .L3 withaNotice of the Life of the lato Thomas Hunt, and an Account of the different Systems for the Cmre of Impediments in Speech. By JAMES HUNT, MIS.L.., oe. London, Lougman and Co.; and by post from the Author, at his Institution for the Cure of Stammering, S, New Burlington-street. Regent-street. Just published, IORLDS N OT RE A LIZED. By Mrs. ALFRED V V GATTY, Author of " Parables from Nature." &c. 32mo cloth, price 2s. " The book is nicely witten. and much useful informa3tion almost isnptrceptibly given, by its ssilful introdfuction into the history and interest of the characters thcmselves."-The Literary Churchman. London, Bolt aed Daldy, Fleet-6treet. Just publishbed, third edition pARABLES from NATURE. By Mrs. AIJFRED JL GATTY, BAnthor of " Worlds not Realized." 32mo., cloth, price Is. 6d. London, Bell and Daldy, Fleot-street. ' Just published, Svo. sewed, price ls. A LETTERto the Right Hon. theEarllof SHAFTES- B,President of to British and Foreign Bible Society, on the lantheistic and on the Budidhistio Tendency of the Chinese aud of the MOu ;ohan Versions of the Bible published by that Society. By the Re,. S.6. MIALAN, M.A, o£ Balhot College, Oxford, and Vicar of Broadwndror, Dasei. London, Bell and Daldy, F ileet-street. Price 4s. Gd., nFVO INTRODUCTORY LECTURES on the X STUDY of the EARLY FATHERS, delivered in the Unirersity of Cambridge. By the Rev. J. J. BLUNT, B.D., -largaret Professor of Divinity. Second edition, with a brief Menmoir of tbe Autbor, and Table of Lectures delivered during his profeseorshlp. "Of the value of theso lectures, already so wel-known, siths needies to speak. They bring together in a short compass the chief and most oabious reasons for stB. ing the Fathers,Bandstatethevalue,an directuand indirect authority, of their wraitings with force, sobriety. and good sesase."-Literary Chur-chmans. Cambridge, Deighton, Bell, and Lo.; Leaden, Bell to,adExample of Christ, and the Punishment of Sin. Five Semos p. ;Wreache beorvethe Univeartsity of ECaambridge, March 1816. Fellow of St. Johm's Colege, Cambridge. "The sermons are effective, without being pretentious. They touch upon the most necessary and aensonablo topics with a combination of originelity and soberness. Thsy unite a competent knowledge of£theology, and atoneof reasoning both sound and phulosophieal, with a full and honest appeal to scripture, and, in short. were well adapted both to lead an intelligent and educated audiencle to sober and caltholic views end to bring such home to their hearts."-Iaterary Churchman. Cambridge, Deighton, Bell and Co.; London, Bell and Daldy. P'rice 2s. Gd.. SATURDAY and SUNDAY. "Ftll of profound thoughts and important trutha.'-Tho Vitness. "Therelsmuch pure and healthyphilosophy in tais work."-Tait., Hamilton. Adams, and Co., Paternoster-row. Now ready, price Is., by post Is. 3d., A PAM!;IPHLET on the SBSTOPOL CLASP, ..C3. dedicated to the Begimestat Omficers of the Infantry, of the sigle Train of the Royal Artillery, of the Engineers, and of the Naval Brigade, who served in the Trenches before Sebastopl. By ONE OF .HEMISELyE3. Edinburgh, Adam and Charles Black. Mr. S. W. FULL WsNEWNOVEL.-Niow ready,at al the libraries in 3 vols., with Illustrations on Steel by John Leach iTHE MAN of the WORLD; or, Vanities of the JLDay. By S. W. FULLOM, Author of "The Great Highway," "It isa Mad World, my master." Charles J. Skeet, King WlUliam-street, Chiaring-cross. R Jusipubliehed. prIce is. Gd.. hypostl. Id., pEPORT of the EXAMINATION for APPOINT- MENTSto te ROYL AR it',ltl end PRACTICAL CLASS of£the ROYAL PLrFITAIY ACA^DEMY at VOOLWICH; held at BurlingtonHouse, London, on the 21stof January, 1855. With COpieS of the Examination Papers. London, llarrison, S9, Pall- Just published, with large Mfap and Plaous C"OGHLAN's NORTHEMM ITALY. 5s. Cogbhan's Switzerlaud. With Two Maps and Plans, s. Coghlan's Rhine, North and South Germauy. 3s. Coghlan'sParis. Large Map aud Views 2s.d. ,16th edition. Talent and Alleu, 21. Paternoster-row. Now ready, in one vol., crown 8vo., v,ith Ialustrations, price lOs 6d. SIVMERR orSmyrna and its British Hospitalin 155. .n.sy .u. "A ar S? !naraie feets twlltewdeyra with inkterest, hut at the present time it. ought to be chiefly valued as a record Of Practical exPerience that may be tuned t useful account in tbermanent organiamtion for femalenurts gwhich is now projected." -Literary Garette. JameslMadden, 8, uosehall-street, Mr. KIGSLEI.a NEW OOK fr the BA-sit 7-mi5day, fpIr , coth, fifth thfousaod,awitha Frontitpie price l3P 6d., edition. Lonely Hou i ors deon of thhea Shore. Bo EL. "Thoe ms. imchnto she on fan bie! liscoast tat we sem of ntbeautoo gan cotefuale pu r.ingly oforen hist Giscmns-endutanTIIXM rSON, late Carohlne Gtifard lethbridge. A new and enlarged ed . Jon Hon s isdono the mostpeaigollectio n s of to the favourabe notice of the puWodEn-Observer. " Mrse Phltipso3 appears to have Gthe ever-eadycpower of stringino vtogethe ny umerm Cheroluebery' arI tabl to Lieatlarge lassof randArts.- Vnol, Ties Jo nItxn _ adxsre,Rgn-teet.=nBa Just ps.hlished, price 2s. d. Part IL of PartE LIfE and WORKSle of ex.riBeRTBU NS .Latuyes Hy oE the H RUSl ; . WibrasyodithnM Eleantlynd Irintor indem Ivutrton,Th wteeh Wodanravping s. Tohbe complte in be conpltely Pais art formd.iach forne fadour handsome.vlms Sb 'Chambers'sI= Jpbouaf PoplaTr Litraterse oiene, and Arhts Vo Partion. WorJuwith anpp lenCambes and In d Price Sd. rChlambpeo.es'rit6orylo6the.ussinoWa. WnI2oth Maps,& Polan.6n TePictorial lutaionl. Thei thenOdadWi etaetoodn Edtion.WithoSuppemVentaryitNotesbanDrWo tod nrn. Vow omlete price la.ppercovers,eels, Gd. cloth. Iimnbyvlms ThePicoral ibl, ein th Od ad Nw estmess Wacrdin to te Auhorzed erson. ithNote byDr. itt. Ne coPliet infouvols, prie £f85.,handsmelybu Ainbcloth. This day is published, in pot Svo., lOs. 6d., EXPOSITION of the TYPES and ANTITYPES of thaOLDandNEWTESTAMENT. BythebHon. LadySCOrr. London. Richad Bentley.ublisherin ordinury to HerMajesty. The HEROES of KAES.-Justrrady, iupost Svo.,vrithaPortraitof General Williams. 10s. 6li. "UR CAPTIVITY.in RUSSIA. With an Account of the Siege of Kars, By CoL LAKE, O.B. Lundon, .ichard Bentley. publisher in ordinary to Her Majesty. Tis day is lpublshed, chesper edition, in post 8vo.. with nem 20 lIllustrations 7.6 IISof 1NUREMBRG and RAMBLES PL in the TIIAS and VALLEYS of FRANCONIA. By H. J. WfITLNG, Esq. London. Richard Bentley, publsher in ordinary to tIer Majesty. Nowlaeadv. atall the libraries inl ols., P'H OLID GREY CaHURCH: a NoveL Bythe J LAutbor of" Trevelya" "'Marriage iu igh Life." "It is written in a gentle, touchingstyle. whlch hu a peculiar charm of its own. We prefer it to any work we hare reen by the samue asstborese -Athem.eum. London. Richard Bentley. lNew Burliupton-street. This day is published, in pos Svo., 1ts. 6., S ALADfortheSOCIAL. BytheAutbhorof"'Saladfor k-the Soltary." Thc Ingredients:-Bool-crft-The Uodern Moloch -The Toilet and its Devotees-The Mysteries of Medicine-The Cyole of the Seasons-The Hum,oura of Law-lbe Mute Crmation-Pnjpit PeWuiarities-The Larcenies of Literature-A Stray Lea. London, Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. The NEW ROMAICE by Mar. ARCIISBATD BOYD.-Nowready at all the librariee, in 3 vols., 7TH CROWN1 WARD: a Story of the Days of K King James I. By ARCHIBALD BiIYD, Author of " Tho Duchess" and" The Cardinal." "It represents that free ,aLd buoyant spirit of adventure vhich is the charm of Scott's narratives. It is in constant and sustained adventure that Mr. Boyd D akes good a claimto be classed with Scott."- Press. London, Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. Tbis dlay is published,in post See. with four illusr r-tions. lOs. 6d. TANDERIINGSAZ5IINGtIIeHIGH ALPS. by VT ALFRE}D WILLS, Esq., of the Middle Temple, Barrister-at. Law. "Bythose Alpine travellers who wish to leave the beaten track of tourists these anuerings will be perused with advantage and plea. sure. 3Mr. lElis' experience vwill be especially valuable to pedestrians and to these who combine scientificreearch with admiration of the gnd and picturesque in scenery."-Literary Gazette. London Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. RUN and READ LIBRAFRY.-New Volunme, ls. 6d. A DONIJAH : a Tale of the Jewish Di,persion. An entirelynewwork,byAlissJ. bL STRICKLAND. hbimplinuand Co.; and all booksellers and raiEway stalls. Just published, isp. 8vo., 15 Illustrations, price Sa. A TRIP to the GERMAN SPAS and to VICHY; with an Essay on the Nature and Uses of Mineral Watersa &h. By. JOHN ALDRIDGE, MLD., X.LI A. Dublin, M'Glasban and Gill 50. Upper Sackville-street London, Simpkin, Mar.-hall, andCo. Regina v. Palmer."-On the idth of July will be published, in 12mo., bds., 2s. Cd.. mEEPAADOXOLOGY of POISONING and T rPU'DDLNG in a LNTSE]IN. By GEO. FREDERICK COLLIER. "For the truth, the Crown, the Commonwealth, and poeterity." SimplinandCo. Nrnth edition. handsomely bound, pp. 600. price 5s.. I) B PORQUETs FRENCH and ENGLISH and D ENGLISH and PRENCH POCKET DICTIONARY, vrith Idioms, Proverbs, ae. Large clear type. London, Simpkin, Marshlfl, and Co. Pricee 2s. Cd. boards, COBBETrs HISTORY of the PROTESTANT REFORMlATIONiEMNGLAAND andIRELAND; alsoasecond Vol. being a Idst of the Confiscated Relioien Establishments, also 23.6d. boards. Simplin and MacshaU, Paternoster-row, London. Priee3s.-boards C OBBETT's ENGLISH GRAMIAR, in Letters JAddressed to his Son, for the Use of Schools'and of Young Persons in General. By WILLIAMI COBBETI. Simpkin and Marshall, Paternoster-row, London. oOBBETT's FRENCH GRABMMAR or, Plain In- C stractions for the Learning of French, in a Series of Letters tDlis Son. By the late WML COBBEFT. Simpkim and Marshall, Paternoster-row, london. Plrice 3r 6id. eacb. TDE PORQUJET' LB TREDSOR, Parisian Granmnar, LJComplfmcntdu Tresor, Exercises for Conversation, Trnductenr 6Sceretaire Parisien, Histoiro d'Anglsterre, History of Englsand, Con. versations Paristeunes, Voyage en rrance, It3alan Tresot, Italan Con. yereations, liondon. 6impkin, Masall, and Co. TTHE SAC]RED GARLND; -or, the Christian's Daily Delight. ythe Authorof "Pearls of GreatPrice." Als, same size and price, Pearlsof Great Price, chowing howv the Christian is blessed wivtl all sphireual blessings inheavenly places in Christ Jesus. London. Simpkn and Marshall; HIalifas, MlInerandSowerby. Se_ond edition. crown 8vo., price fs. cloth, C ON[SIDERATIONS on TACTICS and STRA- TEGY. By Colonel GEORGE TWfEM10OW. This work wl be found favourably noticed in the Spectateur Aluitsire of the 15th Junem 1855. and inNo. CCCX. of the UJnited Service Magazine and Na and Military Gazette. London, Slmpkin, Marshall, and Co.; and all booknslers, NATIONAL ILLUSTRATED LIBRA-RY llITIOX.-Crown 8vo., Ss., cloth; or 3s. Gd., cloth extra, gilt edges; or7a.6d, inmorocco B Ul4YA's PILGRI!'fs PROGRESS. New edi- tion, with a MLemoir by J. 3 HARE. The Allegory ilustrated with Outline Engrravings, drawnby J. R. Clayton. and the Biographical Sketch illustrated witht;Dgrams of interesting Reim and Recollections of Bunyan. from drawings by J. L. WVilliams. (Nhational Illustrated Isbrary Edihtion.) Lonldon, tSimplim, 3IarshalL, and Co. NEW VOLUIME. _nRAITHWAITE's RETROSPECT of 2EDI- JL_ OINR January to June. 1858. On July 1. price 6s., the 33d Volume of this Vork, containing an Anab sia of the most Practical Papers, Lectures, and Transactions of Societies, published in the medical journals within the last clx months. With on Alphabetical List of Diseases, and the most recenlt Suggestions of Treatment, Edited by W. BItAITHWAITE, Lecturer on Obstetric Medicine in the Leeds School of Medicine, &c. N[.B.A limited number of Sets. Vols. L to XV., have been made up, and are offered at the reduced price of £4. in cloth. Separate vols. at the original Prices, viz, Vets. IL to TrT., 4s. Gd, each. Vols, 1V. to XI. lu. 66d each. Veols. 11. to I XXII., Cs, each. London. Simphin, Marshall, and Co.;- Edinbmrgh, Oliver and lloyd; Dublin, H odges and Smith. -This day, 2vola,foep. Svo., price9s., COMPENSATION: a Story of Real Life Thirty Years Ago. London, John W. Parker and Son, WVest Strand This day, foolscap Svo.. Us., TIHE ESPOUSALS; being the Second Part of the Angel in the House. Also, the liret Part, Cs., ef The Angelin the House. Loudon, JohnW. Parker and Son, West Strand. TURNING inall itsBRANCEMS.-A complete and practical Guide to this beautiful science, entitled TrH-E EANDBO OK of TURNIxNG, vwith numerous J, plates. Price 7-. Gd, bound ad peost free. Saunders and Otley, publishers, Conduit-street. MODERN BOOKS at ItEDUCED PRICES.-Notice.-Now ready, INTS to BOOK-BUYERS, by which a saving of H about one-half may be effected in the purchase of modernbookls. Sent post free to order, enclosing two stamps, addressed to Saunders and Otley, publisbers, Conduit street, lmanover-square. Nfow ready. Grats and post free. , SELECT LISTof NEWandPOPULAR WORKS A recently added to the Britieh and Foreign Public Library, Conduit-street, Hanover-square. Conducted by Messrs. Saunders and Otley, (late Colburn, Saunders. aud'Otley I containing an imnense collection of the best bool;s in the English, fench. Italian. and German languages, The whole exclusively appropriated tothe use of subsribers in town aud country. Terms on application, orsert post free. In post Svo., price 7s. 66d., AGONISTES; or, Philosophical Strictures, sugt- gested by Opinions chiefy of contemporary writers. By ALFRED L,YAL, ll.A., Rector of Harbledownu, Kent. lnthis work theopinions of the follow ing authors (among Others) are discussed. viz .-ArchblsbopX Whately. When-cell, Chalmers. Grote, Lord Brougham, Sydney Smith, Jeffrey, Mtill, Browvn, Paley, Ma3caulay, Baden Powrell, J. H. Newinuan MIackintosh, audSitr WY. Hlamlitn. Rivinglono, Waterloo-place. New and Cheaper Edition.-In aifew days, in 3 vols. small SVO., price 24s.. the Second Edition. revised, of H7HE HISTORY of the CHURCH of ENGLAND T in the COLONIES and FOREIGN ZDEPE DENCIES of the BRITIISH EMIPIRE. By the Rev. JAMES S. A1L ANDERSON, ALA., Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen, Preacher of Lincoln's-inn, Rector of Tormarton, and Honorary Canon of Bristol. A few copies of the second and third volumes may be had to complete the former edition. RlvingtonsWaterloo-plsae. ADAMS's SEQUEL to the CHERRY STONES.-In small S.o., price Is. Gd. TT¶HE FIRST of JUNE; or Schoolboy Rivalry. A TLSccond Tale of Charlton SchooL By the eev. H. . ADiAS, MA, late Fellow. gf MIagdalcn College, (xlbrd, Editor of "The Cherry Stones." ivigtons, VatsripIace ; ofwhom may behad- 1.The Cherry Stones; or, the Force of Conscience. A Tale of CharltonSehooL Fourth edition, Is. fid. 2. Tales of Charlton School; containing the above tales bound totether. 6s. 6d. In cloth crown 8vo., price Ts 6d. ilY POCKET LYRE: the Accompanimnent of a iW" Traveller's Evenings on the ContiLent." and " The Rook of Xice," With copions Historical .nd Topozrnphiml Notes, Bysthe oev. J. W. TOIMlISOX. London, Judd an d Glass, Gray's-irmnroaA, and21, raternoster-row. Just out. Svo., cloth limp. ls. 6d. .2THE EDUCATOR>s INSTRUJMIENTS: Hints on G. G DREW, M aster of the Mfodel Training School, Romeron College. *"A invaluable aid for aLl engaged in the tuition of youth." Teachers will receive a copy, post free.by sending5stamps toauthororpubi-her. ,London, Judd and Glass, Gray's-inn-read, and 21s Paternoster.rov . 32Pp. in Wrapper. price 3d., rmonthly, ,2THEE CONGREGATIONAL PULPIT: containing T t2wo or more Sermons from the MrSS. of Disseuting Ministers, together with a separately paged department for Reviews of Biblical Literature. The No.forJuly contains Sermionsbythe 1ev GE.W. CONDER, Leeds, and Rev. H. BEST, Bolto2n Volume L, cloth, 3s6d., contains 21 Sermons from the MiSS. of Baldvin Brown, Newman Hai. Dr. Lelfebhild Dr. Hoppus, and the meet eminient Nonconformist Ministers. London, Judd andGlass, Gray's-inn-road, and 21, Paternoster-row. Price dcl., set post free, (nDELL'sSHORT-HAND. Forty-five editions have been sold of this excellent system or short-band, which may be acquired in a few hourswithoutthe aid of a master. Order Odeds SYstem of Short-Hand, publshed by Groombridge and Sons, 5, Paternoster-row. Price4d.. post free, new edition. wvith Additions. OIONIMON BLUNTDERS made in SPEAKING and CVWRITINGCORRECI'ED. DyC. W.SMT. "Itoughttobe on everxytable.-Britaia Alo. 6d. pot free, French in a Fortnight Without a laster. London, Groombridge and Scns, 5, Fatrnoester-rvw, and overyvhere Price is. 6d.. post free. Ilustrated, BIE SEA-SIDE LESSON BOOK on the COM- MON TSINGS of the SEA-COAST. By IL G. ADAMS. " A charming little volume, just the thing for the lfidsummser holydays on the oast."-Ilustrated fagazine. "A pleasant leesou-book for young people."-Literary Gazette. "Most useful and interesting."-Engllsh Journalof EAucation. Groombridge and Sons, publishers, S, Paternoster-row. PARLOUR LIBlR&RY-Vcl. 145. for J,Lly, price Is. RI., TETTICE ARNOLD. By the Author of "Emilla A Wyndham." Also, bythe e Author, in this Series Castle Avon. iL. Gd. Norman's Bridge. In . Gd. Angela. 2s. B Mount Serel. Is. 6d- MordantHal is. o g. Tales. f Woods an.d Gelds. Ism. youne in. By Lady Evelyn. Is. Cd. Wilmnigon Is. eC h, by Feiet. Translated. To Old a.B Men's T .C.Palesl is. 6d Iondon. Thomas odgson, 13, Pateroster-row. PAtLOURP LIBRARY.-Vol. 144, price Is.. containing F LKE SEI.By Mr-s. hHELLEY. ,Also, Phantom Regiment. B3y Jas. Grant. is. 6d. Heilrsa of ruinges. By T. C.Grattan. 2s. Younger Son. By Captain Trelawney. 2s. Jack Tier. By Fenimnore Cooper, Is. Gd. BrambletyelHouse. By Horace Smitb. Is. Cd. Onutaw By Mrs. S. C. Hall Is. Mc. London, Thomas HoS,Gon, 13, Patermnoter-row. Just published. rod cloth p"ice ah.. QCRIPTURE and SCIENItCE NOTat VARIANCEj S or, the Historical Character and Plenary Inspiration of the Earli e Chapters of Genesis Unaffected by the Di*oe- en of Scienoe By JOHN H. PRiATT, aLA, Archdacomn of Calcutta, Author of the Maheatical Principles of Mechanical Philosophy." 'London, T. fltchr 7 S, Piccadilly. 1~LMENARYARIHMEIC.By EDWARD .32 SAG. .BS.E, Athr o "lfeAssurance and Annuity Tabes, "ANewGenralheoy o th Tethof Wheels," &o. This trentseisntenedtopplyae~tdesieratum of an intellectual. inseadof rotin corseof nstuctonin sritbhnetie. William ckwed nd ons 45 Gergestret,Ediburh,and 37, Paternes- P Justr~~ublise,adt ebdsallibraries, PERVERSION - or, the Causs and Consequaences of Inddelity. ATalfe for theTinme. InSvoIls "'A ore writtenl w*ith astronkg-ense both of wbat iamusinga dwbat is righit. It its a'eigou noelfre fomdula*ss"-samne. "The character Are sh a~lyand lealy, houh soewat mighl dra-n;the tone iff good "Th stry ata tuchng ntres, wichligers with the reader attr be lsa losd te bok."Athnsnn. Toeabiee', novel that bwa apperedfor anya dyY-Lterry Gzete. Perversion is powerful as a ompostion;an unlaggig enegy net 'In the riterfro irst t T~~'IiEd NteR , By HAMI TON 32. IDR L ud(on, ChaPmzn and Hall. 193, Pioeadly, 2 YW s. Pus~t lvr.,.w th llus irsti ons I os.&L.~ ("N FOOT THRUH YO. BY WALTEP. WHITE. ut,ro'L dner`aWaIk t0aLnd's Rd." London. Chaman and Hl,11 icdly 8vo., cloth, 21s.. Ell! I MARTINS Of CR0' MIARTIN. ESy: TondoAnL, LEVElt. W-ith 40 Itiustratione, by H, I. Browne. Lno,Chapm n and Hell, 193, Piccadilly. S VOILsSco., 28s., rp ER SII EMIPIRE: its People. Institutions, "Trauacaucasia." &o. Translated and issued unader the immediatoe sanctionof the author. London, ChapmRn and Hall.93. Piccasllj.. Post 8ivo.. ls. 63d., ri¶HE BORDER LANDS of' SPAIN: with an - JLAccount of a Vi-it to the Republic of .&ndorr~e. London, chap~. imn and Hall, 193. Piccadilly. Tills day. in2 Yolsp. ps r. I. rPHE SUBA.LPINE KINGDOt- renean J1 Studies hin Savoy, Piedmont, anLd Genoa. B3y BAL S.JON Author of " Purple Tints of Paxis." London,ChpanndHl,13 PiccadiIly. A FEw WORDS octeSUDDUES. Jamnes LO DsThis day, otSo.26t FVH LOD'SDAY. v BYATR FIQR On June 6, in vost Svm.. cloth rc ed. HfERTHA. By FREDRIKARME Arthlur NEWI WVORNi by the lRev. JOHN CUMMING, 13.1., ~RSE-z W L ~~~~June 6, in fcap. cloth, price Ca., mth LAST of thea PATRIAXOHS ; or, Lemsons fstrrom. th Life of JoEePh, Axthux Hall, Virtue, and Co., Pater-. ~HE EELAGIjERE HEART:&aNovel. Lon- LdonCDoman,(31 Ne Bord-ereet an2l,Paternoster.row. ofthe UNITEI). This day. B BAANCORT'sHISTORY of the WARS. Masaefromtho French, S.ULw,oan,and Co., 47, Lndgae- This day is pzblished, price Go., with l9lutrtoa fonPo., -olly THE C ANNE IS2~2iZ S~Jesey,Guernse. T)EFOM atA-NY PRICE: a Question about tha LI, ondn Crpoctio ur andthe Oommioaiouers?Report. 3BF HENRYCONINTON,Of Llncoln'c.inn, London, Richardscn, Now publiElhing pric-e Is. HIE POLICIES in LITIGATIO)N.-See InDIS- LPUTXAEI,ITY DISPIITEJD: a IReview of thelProfession and. Plractices of Certain Modem IAfe Offices. By- a TltMPLAR. RFlng. bamn Wilson, 11, RoyalExehange. Just published, free by poet.3d., in o. A DULTERATION. An Abstract lof he Evidenco XLgiven before the House of Commona respecting Adulteration and Shitcation of Drugs, Chyrmicals, and Medicines. By and for the, GeinerlApothecaries' Company [Limited).-49,Berners-street. Nows ready, price 7s. G3d., 192 pager, demyvdso., ~HE OSTRUTIVE andtheKAN; or, the' Forcesanlute,17 otavoEuopa,e.s~ihPowtintheonummawotion adCosoftSihear oDfTdAghl-utinnaPlzpic. okLIntedrat,)rcention LA~onItrv's LIFon-Thoal,ano-dipExcy-tioni-Tof eoILe -TeLTeAce PAciety TheAlternatieancethops Choice.Boo diary; lorces andmthe ofuture ofjuropnde.vWit Chartiua ardspendixg Sthernfor, , hasngcrss, afhe,etnd l ooksellers. iildet. ot Coplt in1lm,19o tavonpge, with Potat,advewo h ifrroftoCor,te du,ringth Tril; rined noterbatim, isjcicx.. tion may be had sparate,priceld, London, W. M, Clark, 16 andI17, Warwick-lane. In 6 vols. 4t0.. price 27a.. or in 3 vos. prc O.(d., C ASSELL's POPULAR EDUCTR is a com- k. plete Euryclopadia of uBeful knowledge, suitable for all classes As a. hoolk of reference for schools end families it is invaluable. Edited by Professor WALLACE, A.M. of the University of Glasow and Collegiate Tutor of the University of London. Vets. 1, 2. and S, common paper edition, are s tint to bebsad in numbers, Id. paris, Pdl. n d;ad vole. 3s. 6d.each;c-r complete in 1 ol., Os. L.Iondon, ,WMKn and Co..5 land 52, Pateimoster.row, and all bookelisera-. Slr. Serjeaut MANNINT1G on the MAR-tIAGE QUESTION.yJust- published, price 2s. 63d., second edition, dedficaLted (by permission) to Lord Lyndhurst. OBSERVATIONS on the DEBATE in the HOUSE Oof LORDS Gn the 25th of February. 1851, upon the'Motion of thet Earl of St. Germians for the Second Rteadinc of a Bill to Mtake Lawful Marriages within certain of the Prohibited Degrees of AffinitY ; and ort the Debate in the House of CommoDns on the .'lar-riages BUil. dourmg the Session of 1955 with Obssrvations on the Rteport of Comrmissioners Appointed to Inquire into the Law of Divorce Sly JAMES~ MANNING, Her Majesty's Ancient Serjeant-at-Law, Retorder of Oxford. London, W. G. Benning and Co., 43. Fleet-street.. lifE. MEADOWS's ACCOUNT of the CHINISE, Just published, in I thick vOlume, Sye., with' Maps, p rice ISo., cloth, THIE CHINESE and their REBELL LONS. Withi In an E-ssay on Civiliztion. By THOMTAS TAY-LOR MEADOWS. ' this hook in a vast amount of valuable informnation respecting Chia, ndthesttemnt itcotais earonthem thoface of truth. is swn roa-eat i evry ago"-Ahen?un.." work- invaluable forretreno o al mater petaiingto hesocial, political, ana relgios caraterof hin."-itesryGaztte. London, Smithi Nows ready, the 3d edition, feap. Smo., cloth. Csa. (3d., AMAN7U AL o f P HO TO GR AP HIC C HYM I STRY, Aincluding the Practice of the Collodion Plrocess. B3y T. 1RED~ HABI)WICHS.late Demo,nstrator of Chymistry, Ring'sCollege. London. John Churchill, New Burllngton-street. Dr. ROWE on UNDIGESTION.-1t dtin rc2s. (3d., NE RVUS DIEASES Live andStomach Comlants Lw irts Geerl ebiit, nd Disease-sof Wa=n edition, Scon On Dieasesof F mae, ith.important Cases. Lodn .Churchill, New Burlington-street. Just published. f p. Bco.. cloth, 3s.. ~N LOCAL REATMENTof thei MUCOUS ByB'ASRIADItE, ,LD.,F.R.CS. "W havereceived several, hint ofpraticl vlueandwoud rcomenditspersalto those who, TRARSLEY on DISEArES of the THROAT.-This day is published sixth esltlion, with Pinltes price 5. yot9.4. Mir. VERRAL on the SPI NE.-5th edition, price Is. (3d., by postl2s., T ATERAL CURVATURE of the SPINE; with a Li- New Mecthod of Treatment for Securing its EffTectuial Removal without theoneces-sity of cons-tantly lying down. By CHARLES VEStRAL. Eso.. Surgeon to the SpinalHosp)it. London. Author of" TheSpine' its Curvatures and other Diseases." de, Londlon, John Churchill, N ew Burlington-street, and all booksellers Just published, post Byo., cloth, lta. (3d, TIGESTION and its DERANGEMEBNTS. By DJT.K. CHAMBERIS, INLD., Physician te St. Mary's Hosypital, andL Lecturer on Medicine at tt.M.ary's Medfical SchooL. 'Thistineocommon ublcaton, o b taen u an ibownasade, but the result off deepstud an patsotinvetigtion N.person can isie from tha pocs-a ofthi scentficscok wthot afeeingof eepanddesearved "Thre s cmusn snseandsond hilsopy i th viwstaken b Dr. aamers'-Mdicl Ties nd azete,Londo,Jh Jutpublisbed. cloth. Bra., S IA .ASTN on .DISEASES of bthRECTUMr. We iind in it more information thjan is, to be ob tained front nabysingle volumeoyetpublished on the sublctY'-TheILonret. "'We know ofno workinthe EngIlsh language soocomplete and,practicaL't." Medical Circular. "~Itis theinosteomplefe of atliiwiorkLs 5tpresntuinder cousideration.'k-New York Journal of MNedicine. "Mr. Asihtons wrk s b a an ho evidlently knowrs his subject practically." Medicawl rT,imes and Gwazette. London, John Churchil1l,1_,New Burlington.street. a Just puhIished, Sro., ClotL is i..b as i. Oil,, _TRICTURE of the URETH A it Complications,' KJ7 Symiptomns, and Treatment. safo adclcu Mode of Tres' its more intractable Forms, With Cae.B OERt' WADE, F.R.C,S., Surgeon to thelVestmintrDspnay Mr. Tiado baa Paid great atte-ntion, to tho subject, nua sdsrel looked upon' a& an anthortyinthisatter."~-MedirJTm "hwholeovolume is full f prcticl andimpotantinformain"Rnn' Abstract orf the edial cienes.Lonon.J. Churchll, New Burlington-street. Second edition, price 2s. (3d.. by post of tho Author for S30stamnps. F EMALE PHYSIOLOGY: A Guide in all the FAilments and Emergencies of Women. D-y .J. STIJRT,XMD., 57, Margaret-street, Cavendish-sqfiare, Accoucheurto tholWestLondon Lying-in Institution,. J.Gilbert,rPatemoeter-row. Also, DomesticHygiene; or. Health for theMillion. By pat.7 s!amps. ,Justpublished, 4th edition, iMpruTed. pic Cs., DOMESTIC PRACTICE of HYDRPmATY, i 190 Diseases of Adults and Children. ByED)VARIDJOHNSON, IrLI., Author of "Life, Health, and Disease," late of Unml'crsladc-haDll no0w of Great Malvern, London, Simpkin and Marshall; JpEwich. J. M. Burton and Co. IMPORTANT toWO~i[EN-Third edition prc ws,psfre-E,Is. Id. DR. ILLI1~V JON S'sESSA onsome of the APPEOTION of WOME ,' it Case aLnd of aNove Invntio furtheir Preventiont remdyineroulusdisass conumtin ncuded), Ceaesafee (~N NRVOU DISRDER; esecially whea arisng romFuntionl Dranemet of theb IvTer, Stomach Hear, Ueru, Kdnes, o Oter r'as 0 from the Effects oR Troica Clmaes,Intmprane1 o.~j'3r.MADOL'K, forzmerl Phyicanto heStllig unticAslu. C. Simpkin, Manall and o.,Siaiones'-oer: H Bailhte, 19.Reirent.-street. Third EdfitIon, prceSe. by poet 56 stamps fEBILITY and IrIRITABILITY induiced by SPEIUN RR .'A the Symptom', Effects, and Rationat Treatment. B3y T. H, YEOR&R, M.D.. Phy-sician to the Geoeral Post-ofiBce Letter Carriers'Providen3tInstitution, de Londoni,EftinghlainWilson, 11, RoyalExchange; atid by posto'ily, from the author. 25, Lloyd-square. Mr. MACILWAIN.-I'rice 2c. TPH UNITY of the BODY as illustrated by the ,L facs of Bodily anad Mental S3-mpat6i with ani Analysis of what iscalled" "Catching Cold," the Action of ide m, do. The whole In aid of improving the Constitutional Trcatmeut o1 Local Diseases. Bi GEO. MACILNVAIN1 P,.&C.S, Author of "MBedicine and SurgaryOne Inductire Science."' Diseases of the Mucouas Canals of the Body." Le. Renahaw, tad Eleven additional Cases of Core. ('ONSUMPTION (MTr. GEG. THOS. CONGREVE's 10TREATISE), post free for five stamps The Sd edition, ixtout, contains an extra supplement. writh faithful and interesting recoord of! recent cases.-Il. Hanover-street, Poebham, Just published, price 4d,..psfe ClOD LIVER. OIL: its mediclne, in;at varieties; curative effects in consupin rnhts sha gout. rheumatism, sciaties, neuralgiah, skin diess natl n eesal debUi7iy, and al scrofelons affectiouS. WtnueoscesSUCe cessfnUly treated by eminent foreign and Biihmdclpattoes London, Ansar, Harford. aLnd Ga.. 77. Stad GRAY on the TEE1'IL-Fct0e U,. elotn, aLridased iftiochIL, 13RESERVATION of the TE ETHE indispensable tc; A COMEFORT and APPEAR&NCE. fealth and Loevity; being a new edition of "Dental Practice." By JOEHN GRA. Consulting Dentist, Member of the Royal Colle gef Sureon in London, aw. This amall volume wrill be found interestin andusaul to every 'nedi. calpratitone, te hadsof amiies a Ditoe who have the eas of eblfirn whleperon wh bys os tethwill be 3madep aware of the aus, an enbledojuge fr temsevesof the ratlonle of the pricipespoite ou fr tei ralaomet,and pweservatioaof the remande." Philhed y Curchll,U. ew urlington-street; , bokelr;a doJh- Ato,k.OdRdiitnare,Rgn-t '?N the it PilProlapsu; &c.a U Without th?Operatiosa of the Kn?fe: i?1a Bhostratlvs Oases. BI&J. TAN BUTCEEI.L,B?A??. Being an .L)sIdg uia,t of the Anibos's Work entitled" Facts and Obseavatloes," &e, "Webaveread this work with great ieterest."-glbm.ch and State ?aa, Ii, Bimpeon, Isubliaher, 10, Ring William-street, Charing-croes.
SALES BY AUCTION. M ESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Castle Tavern, Mark-lane, T3IfS DAY. June 30, at 2 for 3lprecisely, in lots, lI,Sbarrels AMERICAN FLOUR, sunds-y marks, ex Southampton. frora New York, lying at Messrs. Addis and Sons, Freeman's-wvharf aTnd East-lano. To be viewed in bulk till thu sale, and samples seen at the auctioneers' offices, 13, Billiter-street. Catalogues may beohad at the wharfs; at the Castle; and at Mtezsr. Foller and Horsey s, Biliter-street. city. '~5fESRS.Heets and Middicsex.~ ESSRS. PAGE and OAMIRROW have been ±VLfavoured with instruttions to SELL by AUCTIO-N, at the Mart, on Friday, July11, at 12, (unless previously disposed of by private contract, of which due notice wil he ~iven,) a valuable PART FREEIOLD andI PART COPYHOLD ESTATA, Insoirn as Marians, situate in a healthy neighbourhoo,d, near the vDilage of Elstree and having fdne views of the beautiful surrounding country, only 11 mi les from Hyde-park-corner, and within an easy distance of Stations on the Leandon and Norths-Western and Great Northern Railways. It comprises a desirable residence etandieng in its own ornamental grounds. with kdtchen garden. orchard, detached stabling, coach-house and other out-buildings, and about 50 anets of superior park-like meadow laud, with four cottages, and farm homestead, the wliolo lying very comeact andina ring fence. Tho residence may be viewed by cards, to be obtainedof the auctioneers' and particiuars and condiions of sale, with plans annexed, had (10 Lays prior to sale) of Messrs. Meredfith, Rearse, and Co., solicitors, 8, New-square, Lincoln's-imn; at the Mart: and o'f Messtrs Page and Cameron, land agents and surveyors, 64, Old Broadstreet, and St. Alban's, and Barnet, fierst. First-rate Freehold Investmen,Drehi. PESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL have ieceived insltr-uctions to submit for SALE, by AUCTION, in onie or six lute, at Garraway'a, on Thursday, July 10, at 12, unless an acceptable offer be in the meantime made b3 pnivate treaty a tithe-communted FRLEE. HOLD ESTATE, consisting of three very desirble farms, a water corn mdill anad cottages and gardens, containing in a ring fence 503 aces 2 roods, 3 Doles, situate ia the several parishes of South PerroRt, Che. dingten,Broadwusor, and Benminster together with the mauor or reputed manor of Pickett, let to highy rtspectable and responsible tellnantsio roducing an annual rent of 4825, Independent of thnd anta. t EonsnwcDntdsin hand. Capital roads. Piarticular ane pla may bobtained at the hotels, Beamrister,Erid ort, Crewkerne. Win. terbonceAbbas, Dorchester; ' T.nWhittaker,a,Lq Eields; andI of Messrs. Brook6s and Beal, 209, Piceadh~, Licon'-in Cainden-towm---To Cabinet andPaoot aes oesuies carpen and othes, MR. LEREW will SEL by AUCTION the Premises. Stanmore plc a redntt G e t near WIDES R P W.~ BoArn and MaHo AY 303 nelrow pnen and sp TIc plnks deal andbatens, 2,00ufet oFam nuartesig, 10 sqaesnof forng, dry cut stff FURkeNIThE,su binclds,ngs hond,sold rvalnge, cltfovdes,slate nc cistrn,soe tubae, wao.utoubesviewd onhatuda provre to thsal a loviewe maydbe a dontheprem; and;of the t auctioneer,Cardmt eo-sitryeet H artbeiad- de. and cl entmorde r and handsome unioue ture,nearlynew. 'U R. EARTis wintuctdt SELL by AUCTIN.a Mthe M.rtTHS Preise JountW Farm1, inea Asot, onRE eeant- day,Jul 2 t I ydiccteno' Mr G.Fis orm.th, whleaftren on-roady chefoiec, eo ndcar tble, alnt oucesand chai frs, cvred esion ruselscarets herthrug, R., a trineble enamelled irone MESSRS~ ~ ~~~~~~to- Newington-graen_ bdtase ndf tb thed turgaride othe-pear uhm bertant appendages, maogany diin talsadcairtns, Geaes, fhneire-ron,% kiahnd Effpcts rae, trha b iwd n bytAloUesIhad on the Premises; ando teaucb nerotvi e posItor. at 2bican.setie,o ThisDay-Abslue Sl.Thlots thegn Villas tw pretty Ctagnd anteTr ac oue Nesstnpa,Stioke a eods raingtnan roo.vvihrurtin frkhre ,iil., 0D jcai withRM~ wl SL bylaUCTla IObNl, a fet pLL th lr,HI A.Jn 30da ,ing talots, THEEer elegaont1 sei-deacedg ILA, dith o gardess andTornaenta Plasure- ha anfu,rnredi-oa Vlasndch Cefredts -rMayb k,prduig 20 .a ea,and thel futor neeroas' aRdtwm prtt see-roe,Hd CtaeadatraeMoe fri And Oc MRood.en- raracyldebne-strae, Hadetock-hre, whith poveni-g slo SS;edfRS:2 anWr earse. Melay besviewed,adprticlr. hda th ActonMat;and a F.r. ermnHAs V ofices,45,Bedordrow UnUView No 15, oetheir-largenRom, 1ydeMarylebonestrect. molde soirere, brIllVEIaNt t Chirey-glses a Pocke Gand Pianoforte byEe plegrsnuoldanfewvauberPaitings, golansiCadlers,haindbrootets Etusiii3gs.earEDpeRIcK a.ewpunsLLErTT his fao5e widthe miaUnstructos tofecSEL byi AUTiONew h reiea Tove,mo-morrow,th July theur,ot,erat 12ocok rcsetm,o a0ceUpnt Chroftthe-numbereof Itzot-qa,rte-moder UNT n th peielRESuDENCE, c3oueompF~iriigte uuibdcan rsrebyodrof a uprio W ecrpimbamsood iawn room suiteincr iedims nstabrut,ith curtains 'ferthrem winows, lt o, Opedsasdbad setO of Wextending dining atablpecs. melwy. onth 12re dining r60m chaiers indlgingeditreto, Btrusselsuaand turey woearpte us furanituere,bind,rHins,E gLasskichN rITREs, andeffects. Maybeu viewedlCataogues that on SLEo the premie;mandtantth aucindeer's PROPERTYin wiUbtak-place yepatrkheqMart,T-orw. Tedv. atI antrelts,rethe bglyatrcivcelland valuronerty. P ES ESSoRTS-MWRd . LEANUSK ; wopiillth SELb A-and . an F. N. th thei large Rootnms,o 19, i 5aryleOnere. Golen cptlAXEOUn PRompERTY, consstin of %. als quaeVntity-of prisrded pledes in gold iwod,anddilprastcurgoldand,slver thauiiinsbtedhspi pstuains Tearirins, pencil cases:afes pounds ositvaeryn choiean ne chavoured cigars, china,fframed and glaredtenravings, wooritngdesks, wndithiafer micelaeos. Teffects.e Onb viewed andaaploguestiontothad m0.nUpper Chdarlotte'stre, w'ithrpoy may e. hednate CastJlye2 aote12 reserve, by order oford Mr. Weruheam. mises 00, pper s' -ltte-sreet,Fitlo-squ re, thes whole icftheose Tc-nmorrow.-A compact Leasehold Estate, Islington. A JIESSRS. PRICE and CLARK willSELL by TIA -TON, at Garraw 's To-mnorrow, July 1, at 12 for 1. fNI-'E semall LEA-SEEaOLD ~IWELLIING-HOUSES. situate, and I eing No. 7, George-street, and 1 to S. Induday Cottages, Rotherfieldsireec, Islirgton; let at rentals amonniltig to £100 per annum, and I e'd uipon lease for a long term, at a ground rent of £35 per annu-m. ,Le 1-ropery may be vilewed onL application, and particulars had It en.14u0 r, j1 socio 3' srniral's-isnm; at Garraway's ; and X Monow.-An. elegant Residence, eligible for investment or occupa- ~ SE.tion, situate in the Regent's-park.- AlESR.PRICE and CLARK have receive I inT IstrustOna to SIML by AUCTION at Garrway's, To morrowo. ,sy1,at 12 for 1, the very desirble RiS1DENCE, being No. , sa aal vlueof £70 eranum.Heldby easefora long terma at a n odrst grendren. Te rsidnceis n ecelentrepair. both sub- T-orrow.- eetapak-rtcls LeehdInsmn, pro- ducing arental ofZ15e, ls per annum. .1IE SSRS. PRIlCE and CLARK are dliretctd to ± ..SELL bY AUCTION, To-morrow, July 1, at 12 for 1. at GarraWr-i, the Buperior detached VILLA RESIENCIA designated Avenxue Houss, with large walledgarden). conservatories, greenhous,e. 5thbling and3coach-house, most undeniably situate on the east side of Upper Avenue-ioad, Iegent's-park. let onlease to abhighlyre-spectable tii,aant,at £1571Os. per aunnu,andhbeld for along termn,at the very Itw ground rent of 418 peranoum. The, attention of capitalists seek,. it g good leasehold investments is directed to tbis Property, as it canbba u commended with the greatest coruldence. 'rhe residence may be s.ifewedby permnission of the tenant0 and particulars, slith conditions, Olta1ned ofAMesses. GarIon and Hayes, solicitors, palace-chambers, St. James's-streett; and at Messrs. Prieand Clarke's, 48, Chancerylone. To-mnorrow.-Log aeodr, Chele andula. 1fESSRs. PRIC an LAR will SELL by IVJ AUCTION, atGaaw ', To-mnorrow, Juyly] at12 forl, a capital brirck-balt DWELNGH ES ituate No. 62, Sydneystreet, Chelsea, let at a rental of £45 Per annum, and held for a lon term at a ground rent of zeG per annum. Also a Pair of semni-detache Br sidences, known as Hermitage Vilflas, Richmond-road, leading fromEarl's Cousrt to North-end, ualham, now on hand, but of the estiB ated annual value of £118 ; held'for a long term, at amoderate Proundrent. May he viewed and particulars bad, of S. Hughes, Eoq., solicitor, 15. Bedford-street, Covent-garden: at theplace of Wea; and at Messrs. Price and Clark's offioes 4s, Chanery-lane. To-momow.--Parl-village east.-A esrbeSemij-detache dresdence. -By Order of the Trustees unde a Deed of Settlement. 1IFSSRS. PRICE and CAKwl ELb iTJ.AUCTION at Garraway's omro,Jly,a 2fr1 very comfortable ItlSU)EiCE, en asm lcaeknw Ved e chamers an god dmesic ffies.Itienr iaum the Ocupaion f may e vewe by enossin ofthetennt,and Particuilars had of J. sue. In Bankcruptcy.-The Stock and Machinery ofs a Marble Masson. 1AESSRS. PRICE andl CLARK will SELL by M4) AUCTION, at 34 Brook-atreet,' New-road, near To'ttenham- sor-,road,( on TIhur~sday YulY 3 at 12 for 1, by ordier of the AssigneesofJ Z. Rbinson, MAlt'BLE SLABS, blocks, chimney jarobsz, shelves, six lhandsome mantel-plieces, two sawing machines, drilintg, cutting, aunt Polishing mlachines, steel tools, ironwork.a steam engine and beler, with piping, shutf s, and apparatus, and various useful effects. May be viewed the day prior andL morning of sale, andlcatalogues bad of EL H. Stansfilld, Esq, 510 Basiughall-street; of6 Messrs. Issurance, Plows, and lieyer, -io Olht Jewry-chambers;~ and at the auctioneer's offices,.4S-Cliancery-lane. L,,xrtsey, Burrey.-The Furniture, Stock in Trade, ad ~Effects of the Swan Inni. 1JESSRS. PRICE and CLARIK will SELL by 3AUCT'ION, oni the Promises, as above, on Taesday, July 8, at 11 lor 12, the FITTINGS of the bed chatmbers, ball room, parlours rdiAdomestic offices; china and glass, tabla and bed linen,he stocij a' ine en epits copriingfin ol Pot,pale and brown brandy, v. isky.gin As; inewel-kownboses aclever-actioned pony, a Ciancery-lane. ~ ~ ~ a Foiir capital Dwelln-oue,Baiepoo eington,by dirction of the orggee,wihp erosa. it,fESSRS.PRC andCLR will SELL by JJAUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday. July 23, at 12 for]1, in one lot. FOUR substantinlly erecte d DWELLD?G-110USE% delightfully situate, in a highiy improving neighbourhood, being Noa. 22,'23, 24, and 25, St. Paul's-place, Ball's-pond, Isilagton ; in the occupation of respectable tenants, at rents producing about £160 per annum, and held for a long term at a moderate ground rent. Tlhe property may be viewed by permission of the tenauts; and particulars had of IL, Cowlard, Esq., solicitor, 14, Lincoln's-inn-fields; and at the offices of Al roses. Price and Clarke, A5 Chancery-lane. In Chancery:- Deinay v. Cross.-Hamsuersmith.-A Freehold Estate. lroducing a rental of £314 per annuma, in lots suitable to the small capitalist. IESSRS. PRICE and CLARK wMl SELL by AUCTION, at Garrawray's, on Tuesday, July 22, at 1.2 foci1, nuder the direction of the Itight Hoe, theV~asterc;f the Rolls, a desir- ile FREEHOLD ESTATE, c-onsisting of four home-s wvith shops. and 22 small dwelling-hrouses, Eitrate andbeing in Qusen-etreet, Broadw.ay, Hammermnith niear to the church, and in the county of Middierex. May be voiOvQ, and particulars obtained, 10 days preceding the sale. of Messes. Thsorndile and Smith, solicitors, 11, Staple-inn, Hotbern; C. F. Phillps, Eon,, solicitor. 44, Lincoln'e-inn-fields; at Garraway's; and of Messr. Price and Clark, 45. Chancry-lane. In Ubancery.-" Cholins v. Cheffins?."-Enfield, Middiezex-Ai-able and BuildingLad Cottages, Stabling, &c., held for a term of 455 years. - jESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by Alt AUCTION. at Garraway's, on Tuesday, July 22, at 12 for 1, in three lots, by order of bin Honour the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart, n. 16p. of ARABLE LAND, situate near the Fallow Back, Enfoeld-chase, with frontage to the road, in the Occupation. of Mrs. Holmes, at the tow rent of £10O per aunumn five cott-ages, stabling. and buildings, situiate a t Goat-lane, Forty-hill, in the occupation of Sir. John Ilalam and others; also a plot,of building land,-s-ith frontage, in Prsoagelan, Bker-tret, nfod, earthe Old Serpent Publichous. Te popery my b vieed,andparticulars had 14 days precdin th sae, t te ofics o II D.Rushbury. Fsq., solicitor :bernet, Herta.-Absolute Sle.-Valuable Freehold and part Copyhold Eatate: a dlelightful Family Residence, withi Pleasure Grounds, and about six. acres of fine Meadow Land, in one lot. _ Mar onx Thursday. July 3, at 12, in one lot, the very desirable -,du-bie PREEafLD andI PART COFYHOLD XSrTASE,-comPrisinig an excellent Familly Residence, with coach-house. stabling,p lawn. pieasare grounds, and about six acres of fine meadow land, situate in the preferable part of Wood-street, Barnet, close to the chuch,anditinoernloadahaMof herailway staion, embra- singbeldautfu viewsoerhthe surouse ndin country.Thremwhoes letu~ on esse(hosaereostrearsWlorh aroueprd t lCh fraresGodso,Eq, atodthen ver5lo preAntnom£8 per annum Lot e iwd yes.ulnoh tAt. Plartico Tulrs,dwit July% had i atx lthepinia innsooinn vathe nbeghbanhod atgi the Mart; ofI esr.Stvn and SatOL hIOUell, sohci topes,ldhQuseenrdsop o 31 lg-street, Shorededaniatth autineersrlycs,8 opurn-ow,tUpper-streeout,aingts Ra oppSatosit Tetat;on-etranet. Loea,yholdhandseasdehold Hoss9n Bu-tre,Sines Prkemiss, situatleae at Itinli-sreudent,ShrodTch; Old-stret,dbo St.tuhes;hoackNey-fielads Bisa,opoaarte-street; Wacworey; and Bletaclt riogroand, rodcnt,g5 abrele anneligildhuesCOPwHOlD andps E12,andE13 thllepaae~ ~~~~~~~~~~zLLeaseholdduoad hp l-tee,S.ouus eto ese,a £15 grundren £9 Tw ~laseoldhou es, i tl shps Nwole73and holdhoues,Not 42and 1, atfeldstret,Stamfordl-street, Blackfrias-rad,let t £0; roud ret £0 ls. ay be viewed by per. misson o thetenats. artilasoad athe art; of Ifemars. Stevens andSathel. olcitrs,8,Quen-tret, hepeie;and at the auctioeer ofice, , Curc-ro, Upe-steet Isingon(opposite The- F,reehold.-Istington.-Liverpool-road.-CapitallBusitness Premises. ~R. NEWBON w%ill SELL by AUCTION, at the m Er.oiThrsday, July 24, at 12, the very eligibly situate FREEHOLD HOUhE, with plate-glass frnt shop, No. 31. Felixterrce,Livrpol-rad,Islngtn (he oatimpovig part of this excelentbusnes throuhfae, hic isnex inimportancea to the Hrigh. stret) intheoccpaton f M. Vncet,cabinetmaker, at the very low entof 38,butwort £4 pe anum.May be viewed. Particuars ad a theMart of essr. Jauesand Layton, solicitors, Islinston. opposite Thoberton-sr-sreett Geaveseud, lient.-An improved Ground Rent of £60 per annum. MR. CHARLESJOHNSON has recei'ved inistruic- tin rmthe Executors of Mrs. E.Jns deceased, to SELLS by ACTIO, atthe ew In, Gavesnd,on Wedatesday, July 2, at S exct ime animprvedGROND ENTof £60 per annum, for Gravesendl, Rent.-A F'ree Licensed Tavern-. MR. CHARLES JOHINSON has received instriac- Mtions from the Executors of Mrs. E. Jones, deceased, to SELL by AUCTIO.N, at thaNew Inn, Gravesend, on Wetlnezday, Juily 2, at 3 exact time, a FREE. LICENSED HOUSE, known as the Shipwrlghts' Arms, vest-teet, buRtenthe-mos ulesubstanitialimanner and ot rahem R.ual bHArRfittingsSwillaberinclued instesl.Hedfratermuo6 atigulas andromdthon ofesale of- Almngdon, de.,solicitor,3 SLaw recblae A C heTIOeN Lndn at the placn.Gme en of sae;dned. ofly Charle 3Johnson, eaucttionee, valueMr, adTste agnt FREEHOLDBumer- NGo GAravt 4 esetd. and-To Builet rs,Capi3tait,ndotheD rs.y-od u iLl. tons frm the xecutos of M. B frJnes, 30ceass t to SELL bAUCTION.use, atoutheNe rInn. GromLeesen, on Wednesday.wJuly 2.ath 3 'coc nexacty time, HRE beLOTS orightEnOand TobridgeYeI- LAuDwthl 40afeet Mandion0 feet6 fcresontagestediBlrnicy-roand, and feet. admimbly ~ ~ ~ enton adapted forthcrtinodeaedvls,bngnte renc-lae, heasid, Lndo; a th plce f sae; _ ande o ofMr ucie na lvtdbtwl hlee oiin, and commanding fnviw oftho highly picturesque scenery of the surrounding country, standing in the midst of its pleasurgrounds and gardems,with Productire orchard, land surrounided ey about 68acresof park-like land somen of the best in the county, bounded by the estates of the late Lora builkrpool, with capital sambling and out-offlces, and all necessary farm- bidings, the whoic forming a meet perfect and deEirable property, eligible alike for investment or occupatitn. The residence contains entrance and inner halls, handsome drawfing, dining, breakfast, and mornng ooms lirar, an stong lost, ath room, principal oak starae,orshir bet-Vanube eod secnday ted o chambrsy ,1fourservns'e rdims,dad capm, ithalmomesatic-ofice; coach-houseforefourncarriages, igarr awpar' Cmilanof Mery1cessr. Grtecen,etate ofgtentemainduc lUliSSES. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- ceived instructions to BELL by AUCT10OI5,at Garraway'sn Wednesday, August 6, at 12 (if not in the mean time disposed of, It valuable and important FIIEEtIOLD ESTATE, situate in the Parishies off St. Weonards, Garway, and Orcop, m the county of Hereford, eight miles froym Roes, eight miles isom idoumouth. and within five and a half hours of London, comprising a handsome cEtne-built residence NorthgateHouae, newlyand expensively built, of moderate esie, but easily capable of extension, standing in the midst of well-timbered Park-like land, and surrounded by the capital farms known as Rhydfcar, Mreverannon. Oldfield, MUoat, end Tomlin's Yield, in all comprchending nearly 1,100 acres of rich meadow, pasture ar-able, orehard. and wood land, with excellent farm-houses and homesteads, water corn grs MM, .cottages, &c. II his estate possesses many advantages, the) land lying with southern aspect, sandy soil, ex-z cellent climeatie, and the situation is eze of the best in this very picturesque and beautiful county. The reidence and home farm of 178 acres (of which nearly 10 acres are park)belogretained in hand,witheveryfaoility for immediate possession, the:propertyprescats itself as a capital estate for inexpensive'residence combined wuth a first-rate investment, the residue of the lands being In the occupation of highly respectable tenants, and the whole presenting an estimated rental of upwards of £1,260 per annum. The estate is intersected by the Garron. a capital trouat stream, and an outlyng portion compriing about 24 acres as semantCally situate opposite to the Craig-hill, an~ descending to the valley of the Monnow, affording half-a-mile of first-rate isbieg in that ce,ebrated trout river. This portio 3of the estate presenla asinigulfirly elegible site for the ercino n rlesfsigvillas, and is within twomils nd hlf f he entils Saton,onthe Hereford and A vaeuable Collertion of Greek and Roman Coins the rroperty of a di-tiugu-iehedt traveller. M,ESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN lI wnIMSOX. auctioneers of litera rYoPerty and works thuas. tr.tive of the fine arLse wfil SELL by ADC ION, attheir House, 3, Woliznoton-street, Strajd, on. Wednesday, July 2. and following dy at] ~ecie a I e vaaluable- andl select. COLLECTION of GREEEIo ana OM A CO S. in gold, siuver, and copper, the piroperty of aus enwineut and distinguished traveller, a well-known collector, now re. sident in-Faris. Mlay be ojeied twodays prior,and aAouelait in the counitry oa receipt of two stamps. A valuable Collection of Historical, Theological, To~poraphies,Anit rare, Book1s. M IESSRS. S. LEIGH. SOTHEBY and JOHN WVILKINSON~, auctieneers of himrezrarorperty andworkslmiuslrative of the fino arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at their House 3, Wellington-street, Strand. oit Wednesday, July 2 and fiLlowinig day, at I precisely, a valuaLble COLLECTION of H11l'6RICAL, Theological, sad T'opographical and care BOOKS,; including a fins Copy of the history of Cheshire, by Ormerod, very scerce; Iroli-phili Hypueroto. mnachia, ilUnstrated withL wood engravings, Aldus, 1199 ; the Shiyp of Folys, by Brant, Pynson, 1500: Treatyses Perteynynge to Hawleynge atd Huntynge, woodcut, very rare,Wyntyn do Worde, 1196; Schueren, I ocabularius, extremely rare, printed at Cologne by Arnold ThorBlornen, 14171; avTery curisus CJollection of Tracts Itelaintiuto the Protsnder; the Generali Historie of Virginia, by Captain Smith, a choice C py, weth all the plates, extreinely rare, an Iliustrantedi Copy of the Xist o GergeIV.toOxfrd,154; achoceCopy of the Stafford Galery th Alamba, llutraed y OenJones, beaiutifully ilumi- sate; Sothad, onueentl E oigesro Greatl Brtan lrg apr The valuable Library of the late RoetVnbe.Eq,of Hitehin-, Herts. :IJESSRS. S. LE-IGH SOTHEM,BY and JOHN LWILKN SON, auctioLeers of lltenryr- property and works illustrative of the fine arts, will SELL hy AUCIO. Rtheir Hesse-, 3, Wellington-street., Strand, on Feiday. July 4, and four following days, at I preIsely. the valuiable LIBRARY of the late Robert Venables, Esqi., of Hlitchin, Herts ; including mnany curoiois and rare astrological and matthemaetical treatises (printed aud meannuscript), theological puiblicationis, weorks of history, belles lettres, and general literature. MEay be viewed two days prior, and catalogues had, If in tbe country on receipt of twvo stamnps. p5The valuable Collection of Cenformedb James Bird, Esq., lLD._ M4 ESSRS. S. LEIGHE SOiEY and JOHNZ I.VI ILKIN.SON, aicetioneers of- literary property and works~ hiss. tratiye of the fine arts. will SELL bi .AUCTIo1O, at their House 3, Wellington-street, Strand, on WVednesday. July 9, at 1 precisely, teremnainingportion of the selfect and valuable COLLECTION of Greek-, Rtoman, Arsacidan, hassanian, Akrioparthian. Saxon, English, and Scotch COINS. in gold and silver, formed by James Bird, Esq., M.-D., including many rare andsomeuniique.specimenisfromn the late Captain Casninchiam's collection. Slay be viewed twollays prior, andcAatlogues had: if in the cossletry on receip)t of two stamps. The Library eadvaluableGCiletion of Orenta Menssi e omd while in India. by Jame% Bred.Ei. LD 1uESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEYadJH AILWILKINSON, auctioneers of literary Propet und works lieutrative of the fine arts, wTill SELL byAU IO,athiHos,3 Wellington-street, Strnud, on Thursa. Jl 0 a rciey h ORIEENTAL and HISTORICAL LIBRAt,adterr n au atble Collectioni of Oriental Manusacripts,inasrt,CeicAai, and Persian, on histor,eoap,pety and mihln y ih e Plictures, formed, whil enida yJ sBird, Eq,].. rols resigned such litery suisfrthradprofessioapusi.My be viewed two days piranctloeshad;, iinthecutyo rceeipt of two stamps. A valuable Portion of the Toepograh i cal Lirr of JonNi ch-ols,6 sq.,~ iiESSS.S. LE IGH SOTHEBY and JOHNW WIKISN. auctioneers of literary propertyandi%vorks thustratsveofthedlnearts, will SELL by AUOTION, attheirHfousc, 3. Wellington-street, Strand, on F'riday, July 11, and following day, at 1 o'clock prezlsely, a valuable LPORTION of thle TOPOGRAPHICAL 'LIBRitRY of John Nichols, Faq., F.S.A., &e.; containing a fine and complete coply of Nichols's Leicestershire, S vein.;. thu Sepulchral Monuments of Great Britain. by Gough, very rare fine ande complete cop; the HIistory of DorActshire, by Hutohius, 4 sets. ; a fine copy sof Edondson7s Heraldry. large paper, russia; the History and Antiquities of Essex, by Morant. large Paler, rare z Clutterbuck-, IHitory and Antiquities of Hertfordshsire, 3 vain; the History and T,spograL,hical Suirvey of Rent, by Hasted, 4 vole., fins uncut copy:- the best edition of Stow's London, a good copy ; the History of the Counjty of Surrey, by Mannin g and Bray, a choice and complete copy on large paper, with additional plates; flee Cathedral Antiqucities of (Gceat Britain, by John Britton ; the History of Western Sussex, by Dalliway and Cartwright, very rare; Histery of Ashridge, by Todd, &c. Besidds the aboveirnportant works there wil be fsund publicat-ionslius-tmting the history and antiquities of almost every coaunty in lingland and Wales, antiquarian and bibliographical brochures. &c. Mitay be viewed two days pro. vious, and catalogues least ; if In the country, on receipt of two stamps 1Pine Wines. Fruits in Brandy. Liqueurs, Jewellery, Plated C --ds&c. I' MUJRRELL willf SELL by AUOTION~, at the iti. Mart, on Wednesday, July 2, at 12, a STOCK of W_NS, La. ; cowprising 16 eases of fine old Claret. Sherres white -nines, liqueurs, and n19 cases of fruits in brandy, consisting of cherries, apricots, primes, &c. ; eJectro-plated goods in tea anid coffee sets, gold hunting watch, valuable jewelery, and numerous items. The wndes may be samnple in the dockzs, on application to the auctioneer, 'who will give the n3ecessary orders. Catalogues and samples may alsobelebad of Mr. Musre-l, 1. Walbrookc, city. 'V &luable Freehold Ground Rents, amounting to upwards of £400D per annlum, amply siecured upon '5 large houses. MU R. MURRELL is favoured with instructions to T SELL by A'UCTION 1, at Garraway's en Thursday, July 10, en 12 lots,, highly impiortant anld valurble l?iEREiOL-D GROUNID RIENTS, well secmaed and offering the safest investments for trust and other moneys, where the certainty of income is indispenrsable. The gross amount exceeds £401 per annuma, and in secured upo 13 god ouse atKensngtn, te rck rntsof which are abut SeverallFreelioldHouses.-Fiusbury and Crlpplegate.-By order ofthie Devlzees in Trost of the late Mr. Ruben ZiBes.-Seecmd Portion. lIR. MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION at .ILGarraway's on Thursday. July 10, at 1 . the following LEEHOLD ESTAT2S, viz., two houses, Nos. S and 9, Tylpe-street; three houses, Nos. 55, 86. and S7, Milton-street ; the Binakrsow Publichouse, MillIon-street, let uipon lease at £00 per annutm, for which a premium of several hundred pounds was paid; the whole of Croam-courtt and Iutte Crown-court, forming a large square of property, the grounda bein ofconsderble xtet. Te husesaremostly,let toyearly and weely enats rducngin he hoe £00 erannumn. The estate wil-b apotioedinsutabe ot, nd s onidntly recommeadedwa worty te atenionof apialits,Theproperty may be viewved. Stork of a West-end Upholsterer, consisting of Ceepets, Heartbrugs Curtains. Utrecht Velvet, Dlamasks Table Covers, &e.. 'withoutthee least resorts. AUESSRS. OXENHA)q andl SONS will SELL by .LLAUCTIION,T at their Rooams, 353, Oxford-streetm esar thelPan. theon. To-morrow. at 12 for 1 punctually, the STOCK of a Westend UPHOLSTERER, consisting of about 60.00 y7ards of velvet pile, patent tapest B]russels and Kddlerminster carpets, ;hearthrugs, pieces of damask and 'trechst velvet of various colours, very elegant danmsk, chintz, muslin, and leee cartabinsTournay velvet and other table corers, &e. May be viewed on Monday and morning of sale, and catalogues had. Small Leacehold Investment, Bewc-tet Oxford-street. AIESSRS. OXENHAiq, andcON wil SELL by 1T.AUCTION,attheirRooms, 35, Oxfordsre,eatPnho, To-morrow, Julyl1st, at 12 for lpunctuly y re fth Eeu trix of the late Mr. George Weeksed ml ESHL N ford-s ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Ofodtreet, ihwrsosi.h er e oasetbotnns Unredeemned Pledges. 7~IESSRS PRIST ad LARENC Will SELL Excellent Household Furniture, removed from Chandos-street. - 1IJrSSR. PRESTand AWRNCE, will SELL ..Ltby UCTON,at heirspaiou Roms,UPPer St. Martin'-lane, onWdneday Juy 2at 2 fci 'clck,a lrgeassortment of excellent HOUSEOLD FRNITUE, coprisigtheUSIal requhitos for the dinig an drwingroo, palou, be rom,nd office, and miscel- F.000 Pieces of Paperhangings.-To Builders, Decorators, and ethers.- M ESSR. PRIST andLAWRECE Vill SELL by AUCION. a theirspacios Boos, p,Iper S9t. Martin's. lan, o Fida. Jly4, t 2 fr 1o'loc, .009 P CE of excellent PAPEIIANINGS comrisig rih flcks.geld and satin drawing room diingroom palou, be rom, tatcaze, andleall papers, in noxton.-The Earl of Durham, the corner of Murray-street and Bs-iianoia-terrace, directly leading to the City-road. M%jESSRS. FIELD andl FAITHFULL are instruct. Ledbytbo Proprietor, MA-. Thornton, to SELL by AUCTION, at Glacrway's, To-norrow, July 1, at 12, (unless an acceptabsle offer be in the intenimamade byprivate treaty,) te valuableLEllA Zexceeding S5 yars attheneoerao rnt f £0, ithposesson,of the above higiyresecabe ad ostdeirblePULiCROSEand WNED and SIRITVAULS. Te prmise arecomnmandinly situate, in an mmnsey opuatd nigbouhod, ndsmTurrnad by houses of sucha chracer a mut atalltime en urea extensive and very Marylebone, on the Portland-Estate.-The Crow~n end Sceptre, the corner of Foley-street, and Groat Titchbdeid-strcet, doing a full'-priced genuine trade, exceeding: £300 per month. MESSRS. FIELD and FAITiHFULL are directedl T by Mr. Mtaxwell, the Proprietor, to SELL by AUCTION, at Garmarway's, To-mnorrow, July], at 12, (unlesa eetbeofrb in the meantime mnade by prsvate coutrackithe vaube A ES, e- ceeding 35 years -it a mods-rata rent, of th abv diest-rate andadrably sItuate WIVg aud SPIRIT EbTS IU LT The premises are in most substantial and ornamentsl repair, man hundreds of pounds having been judiciously expended upon them during the lat theree years. They have extensive and very commanding frontage in Foley-street, and are in all respects well asdapted for efficiently carrying on a retail counter trade to any extent, and it may be fairly sad chat the presenit retueisa would be greatly increased if this house were in the hands of an energetic and ceapetent men of business. The consumption of malt liquors is veryonDsiderable. 'May ho viewed 10 days prior to the sale, when par ticulars may be had on the premiese; of Mr. George Cratter. solicitor. 1I5 Black-friars-road - at Garraway's; and of the auctioneers, comner ofOsau-pee New-rood. Modern Household- Furniture, Piccolo Pianoforte, Arthitect's Drawing Table, and Effects, removed fromn Golden-squamre and Clement's-inn. lIR. E. THIOMLAS will SELL by AUCTION, at M1 his Gallery, 35. Leicester-square, THIS EVENKING, June,30. at 6, HOUSElIOLD-FURNITUJRB; comprising Parisian and Araqian bedteas, rondito,matreses,bed. ad eddinig, marble-tap wAsostans, hess o drwer, wrdrbes daaskcurtasins large chinmney andp cr lases hndsmepater Brsslo arets. roeewood chairs conhes an eay cair, rsewod heloper. plate-glass hack and Genuine an erl e ousehold Funtr,manufactured to order, by he minnt irmof Johustoec and Jeanes of New Band-street., '~WW L1JCKING is favouredI with instruc- ona th Prprieor,whois leaving Englmnd, to SELL by AUTONan the Prmss ,Wndsor-terrace. Vauxhall-bridlgeroadl, on Today, Jl1,a12o'clock. the very superior and nearly dinig rom apendges,supriorcabiet inn suites in rosewood sao. Moleswortb, Huntingdon.-Valuable FreeholdI Property, land-tax and tithe free, consisting of pastere and a-niete land. at Aiolesworslh, midway between Thrap-iton, 10imbobton, and Spoadiick, -By ,Mr. WTrIAMIf SMITH, at the Crass KeysIun. at 3iolecwortb, on Fri. day, ties 1th day of July, 1036, at 41 o'clock- in the afternoon in th e following or such Iota as may be agreed upau ait the time of salte. Lot 1, A Rich Piece of superior Pasture Landl, well watered by aneve*falingbrok, cntaning45.2r. S0p., called Pan-close. 2. clse f sperormeaow aud stlioaig the above, containing Os.Or.lip, clld Clve-cles 3.A coseofarable land, oontaminig Or.Op, clle Caworle-illcloe. orall further particulars appl toMesrs. rstn ad Mlls,aelritrs.1, Graj-'s-inn-sauare, Lo)ndon an toMr.J.B. andrso, oalandtimermerchant, Welliaborugh an Mr Wi. Sith autioeer Thapeon,Northumn- Dorset and Devone.-By Mr. JOHN J-ERRARD, at the Lion Hotel, Lyme Regis, July 18, at 2 in the afternoon, TI'IAT delightfuel Villet Residence, knowNm ast Colway T1Lodge, containing dining, drawing, and bureakfast rooms, study, seven bed reams, withi the usual olibes, coach-hones, atableef, and men servants' rooms over. The house stands linabout 19 acres, laid out in lawn, shrubbery, wall and pleasure gardens, within 10 minutes' walk of I~meRegs ad te sa. Aso,thenewbuit Residence for a gentlemans fmil, clle SintMar's,sitateatplyme, Devon, about threemile fro Lyme aidtwo rom x . nsercontaining threro slttngromsadseen edroms,withcaptalwalled gardens, also abot 7 ars o plntaion cose,araic,and pasture land. Tin.M reridnce s adirabl adated ee sprtte an the river Axe, repltte three miles of Saitary's, and six miles of CoiwyLde n h Rrldport Railway,mwthin eight miles of both residne,-llhopni the cousse ot the nea t year, affording sed onusainwt h Mletropolis. Apply to Messrs. RaddinsadC. aibr;o h Messr. Hum01an, Lymne ReeiE.-Datt, Ie Jn 1 Acton-vreen-lea-hol,jd Estate of Cottage P-roperty, witb amall Brewery. &c. IVJESSPRS. EVERSFIELD ancl RORiNX are in- strCTedOyNte ttees iunder power of sale, to SELL hi AUCTIOX&theXart~onednesday,July 9. at1, a emailLltAM. HOLD BSTA!I, consistng Gf tWo brick-built cottages roducin 526 a'year. andthe AcoenBreweryandTavern,the.~ lter p arty conveoted into two cottages ana the brew-house. -which is substantially, builit Etands uponisuffirientgroundodr the erection of three mora cottages, if it was thought desirable to convert it, and by which a rental of LIII ayearmnightbe obtained. Itis fitte,dwith aplantof about three andpaSRttuar.o EVMr ELaD Jenndgs olciOR,12 are Boa- w sll-cout, ibcheoln's-nn;easo of MrAdovmerof,Trshale S-Er.eT.ba AUTheOMrt antofthe laurtienWedersd40, P urlyretS.tr.aeet, sirisarl semi. detachel VILLA, being No. 1, Lansdowne-road north, Nettinghill, containing on the upper, foors six large bed chambers writh dressing room and servant's Close-t; on the g;osmd floor, a lo~fty di-iog rooma 24 fe-et long. s abandsome drawing rDom and spacious eutrumee hall;there in also a morningroom opening into theo garden, ant the reqaiste domaestic offices intine basemenit; an extensive pleagure ground urnsmnentally Planted is in the rear, with access sTruma Zhe garden, Maintaine at a annul exiense to e~ach tenant of onlzy two guines at present let to - Bond. lasti. (Wrhose tenancy expiresaut Michasimaa) at £5 ayear IMay be viewedby permission, and partienlars had of Mr. dward Jengs soiitr 12. New Boswell-coort. Lincoln's inn; at the Mat; andf the utineers, 40, Parliameat-rt,etint, P1inaito.-3ifrble Chisencieces. , ESSR. EERSFELDandHORNE whllveLLe by AUCTIN, at te Show otom'.tBograve- by f. Pmlro on .,loday,Jul 7, t I a SLECION of TuesdayLE CUSE..a 1 ston an albaser onuseo', ablts.de aybe dviewed two aday preiou; ad ctalgus hd o tb prmies;andf teaactonees 40. arlisnen-stret. estmnste. an Coa-eWeange To arbeble Ma,btSonfs, Wuilerris, SGutrs and others.o~ 1/ESSRS. EVTERSFIELD and HaORNE hare ioiV tructiedbinsrestin fre(woniMs. FantibrirttitosELL fhiby uschuieN, Latb hishaf onaedes-bank.IY .a Pimico o tuesday, Jly8 Ptr12 togof tauar, rin Siilan,blak nd ol, andadove,ginnblock aad Rsoteyand Hosal.Exrhange.-V ESSRS. EVERSFIELD and areEae n Ehonuctedb wir. intructi(Wonis dison tinin thispaers rofti brsi-- nesh Hspia to SELL WAyAUTI,ON, tthePemes Fowre-stret,near then ch urch,labt,oWensay, July 229,1 fr1 qantity in utus aSTOErnonpect-ey,g afbout 30wOoTS, conts aistingtof anew tra ggando rwr~ several othes, sieneragswherries, funaes, arelndwager boAts omeoftichs watrbonts,ildgetd antrongfum-aedskniff,ethreeo1-feeti eskifs, wo as t tnr oarednuttrsf, trssan eihtoapre to, aelonginop to carryo-2a Dpartmont,.c alotesottsbrcr.May be viewred one deek previous, and saoushda h fioaf caetalgesward,ant the aplc raof Wae,i and of theacinrs, ucionr, P4r0a Prament-street, or Coal Exchange. Nt.Teporeo otne i bus oal Hspal l.U FreehowdDair Famting and other StorCies. er TjESSRS. WVRIGHT ndLSO and SOLL byAUCe wihIOspitalt teMroi ELyUCndon, anTtheurssrday,JBo.art 12t, non. tuesday Julyv2, slt1 fisorse, af byuantityo usefulct aTRS con-ue siesmingofbu woolle coasts,e waistcoats, an trousers,bl drawros,stock inges,tienags, fandUnels,aryhatsfsding%sitrpeuats,i tohetPaicshO watebeets,woldkmeta, anduta numileeroms mlChiebneostr articles;mbleo farmnanit al ofethewr,~brs and iscooeprr, bheloighodlaing to the Works epatent. Mab viwhedheonte dayrebeous,dand cataogus. hadfot the purposes ofth the Swardnad trmheincie teforsoyffWords; eand fteauciltyior eprt,40 sarliaet-street; oalactsrColEetchandoge. c oMems W b n hussex._-Valuabie Freebold Dably Farm, swituae os tou ChieherteCh ,%ESSRS. WRIGHT and SON WMl SELL, by AUCLJTION, at the Mart. in London, on Thursrday, July 3, aLt 1 'loat atnoon. unless peNvisusly disposed of by prsvate contract, al vrrt valuabl blFREEHOLDA Y FARM. compdBasrisng arm,utontainirngup 2statute measure)tuof riheastureojrmaabe land, wih cmfotalfrmoue at lign, i thecountyke aof uts a hie fompChcheatd er.sim esrble farm,tghe lieb athetogeotaher,fandmscouse-tth high ruldoad lheecadingto totherexcellen arineae t twno Chichedstefar,iwher anredy pitrsaleisalwysntainead forn produca whethero thefaurm-beursedr cros,te fo Oth ustiatose of thez eorfurthe ruand pinted partuicuars,nwithpln aply to Mens.n maohnsnand Cicetaer, srolicihtitr;Msrs Birchant Dabotory=les, and Drake 2aictors.f 46,earSamet- ostre, Rondoa; suitg btoa Beso-t WdihtaD ard Sone autoneerus afodnd estteraens Pacltlon t,Ciheeesa obiprodu so auee.Vanbl reehold FilrableleLind Fonarm,n within 6 foaur e mieasuofC cleLyWoclheste,and te asyrista of Faotrtsmonuth.oveinty situae,eaSrthehIGhodChT adestOr. ForflrSeraLdprintd ,tiolaxsN atth MarLdt.x winh lan,PlYt Ms.Jhon d Raper,sojcors, ciest1evione lymBrca,Dairsp3aeadDraei Sip.nsatuctioemersue ond esrime amben, Paland, situastera nnlgtn rigfec. iNtSonit ofaich ancldepicturesqTuesdunrLayd's ALE good ly,ateo the Ct fourctou Rseosstemof GrDcultiatin.st loet easyadr oenAUOGdAtecTommuicaIonwith The%wl knownhmrkextu aitChoutester, romwihiesdsatabu ermls.n s witin tsyeahf Porltsmut Genthry. MrcantswauadoadthemB-a thMfRm,tu afOrdNgO eveifailt forLa the saeoCisrotyc A lsto- caldRyoods Fiel, inaotheuprihshreof FontWenedo,adgJuy2 conveientl C-situt,Near Thehg (proa ChichAegster, Fojurthe a dprofInTAdLIAMiuARsL andAndTtoAs A Ith plNAn, apply tof beaurs f lohnsonsan itaer,Soicior, CiRete J.Soleomrn, abairupt Dlyml,adrae soAios 0 Pariamntstret S ndon; and intutodb theesA.Wighanees So, nautioeer andv es6tate agens,I balat AIChIOcheA bsler. .OM e Shop Fixtures. Ad a -l handsoe MA'HQANY-OP SHO COU beIt inwd otherfdEucee,mt To he obiity Getry Mechats,and Aothers. T_13 O SIGNET bprshyAgeia Ajs arieh f A iAs M RBLErnd A8,LeaBASeha-OrNAeNTSil, To-beautiru esgs fromthou Aetique, at constentra, FloeneriBomern oterL ll" i incBludingUHobo w Ers ofromnnltheautemagnenct ce st fei t on h3oeigh,otattomrs,ngroineso fdigure, tzpane, funains, A aes & Tadapte forudninarinn, ande drrawiums room sandconhgseraty LIwho Elandtoegypnt, aldabTaster, agatle,gis adila edtiPao andustlat otiherTsca3ignmrbles.Mayboenview.th day pevious admong ofd saale.gCtaioguehad at the rooms, n f.J t 'rcs it JCh Slomona, aGl nrut inRtheabov EStat to SELL by AUCTION, at hitlr oom F FIeeBicefiHs-oad, Ceto-morrTo-ow.rJuy 1 Jul'c alorp or2p, aun-i Ite. thesae aoowndgcatalouabes ando taply eicaiole H H.StasD FR-fld reRe., o ourwei-buassignee.e1e,ideinhal-teet beMntg.e Loes9,10and, s olictoreer,st.relen's-pace Basisopabearto orfo the autownon,Cect.- Alsoa comfor*tabetS Cases oghfine tlind lemisesloan IltProryterathuip toepctbean mre,oxvthe nmoelics urbomogh ad orn.cdnD inghos adR. nls IoGAV 2wil SreLt by AdUtrctON Th t whlele plYace Rootihms, 2,Latdtenhal-atreeofs city T-of .D rrowcJsl 1. asoli. cithout Ceserae. ai cosinmn Fof Esuperi.ormetLArd,T aondon MaRBLfte auCtoeLUters Ch robm theceinetsui fBr,o FHorunslo; comrnin fitne Aboran,2 FAcueoapit,and Lrand,netaxr th vtases,founains Hobnsowotr, uheeArns,andCsarcoph-agus,a apluddsollAtr Elantone fonit, anehodanvriety romelegantandusflardticeax yar. t FM R. PAndSONY willI SELL by AUCTION, at t'he- FlA ee HAotel,n CHeunlown.aoTo-morrow,July 35, at%1 foro, in si Tlou,te olwngvlale FE and truly dcnistg fab OPYottg P11d0theR re-Pdne awell-built pf rivaeCiharenes, bein anod4 T ,1y ano nd St, intyroa,ounerslows a bfshionabe airtemfthabeftornof-wheteu'sm, Alof ah coforetwhabltwingtheousey and is amiraes,adpte f4Psory.tearket gardenspeiteie andlmsovin egnigheufr buodin ;ro anda vaietlweading inad-(houeland Premises,uNo.d50, Grea pubirwcad-lret The whode fret th tle o t hecionMothLondo,nwiof M hesss rchndeto tearigobe,ieproprsiet-r. citor, itChesuamedH D. Frnis,eer acv alw. inument-yard, London; Sfaottainer-rad,=onso, threeitares in Cranford-lane, and Htone~Acr Rae itutnnthe Sut,freeoldandr teef latithe add taewolx. h on beliAwR byILE pemsionlo tSeL byans aUCLpatiOWn, i tttheMat o Red Lionl Inn.. ensow,ontI ; ofsday, Juyatt, atq2, InAos pa. vialubetFsreet;a hOL CbESAE crns,Wistraguofnbcotag Rechmod.n wiethfaoutd5 acre ofmfirsmt-ratehar Georlndgelln sirthuate,adlonin Atheresidencet andgrud of M r. Cee,Harlns iloyadwe. orh of hefinstwhati te cuny,andisadmralyadatmedtfonrkto garens itis lsover elgibe fr bIldng urodes, andis atleaoding rAd (whch i mush Leurehteplic)ca esailymdefo teSaxtueld toteBt-oa,withth congen oftwohr pbroptrs wh,itiurgesumd,wllgiee errfciiy; lo excllsentMed ofabotdheearon , Gell siut,hnCayesrd-a nellar Hstnan conainncaualk rc erh n aonesapiata meadownfaoun Mabe viwe b ewissiono thes tenr,antscatandlogesh" t h tart; of H.fFa neli Fq. Iloorh;of t, H Wyatt. Fa. w22 ParBratorn and Hrmammes,3,irycroaith ea the Gereandswurthumerl oni Armus, Ie2 rh and of. Mr.an PeOxe,fordow Ilaofrt, ai o mdAY hbasceia e nunetructont thAUCmse.ToInorro,onuth Premses Sotowneyrd, Odatet CuNaNiTy of STONE, c oomprsing AatlING-Hof mbbockaof otad mise. Caaloues ad;and f th autioner.Cietyrad.f hsomhl Sde f ictre an DawIgsby odm atits,th orgi Precious Stones, 3lounted Daiamonds,and Jewehlerr.- MIjESSIRS. BLOGG and MVAR.TIN -vwill BELL by. L IAUCTION, at the itoom 2s,tS Old Broad-gret, To-morroww andlWednesday, July 1 and 5, a v a& ale sasortmnent of PXCgouJs SOTONES, comprisling runbmes, sappirs P'Anama. and Blombay pearls. some parcels of extraordinary ne carhuncles and cut g.arnets, ewef-, hog and cutting rough rabies an invoioe of Ruseim turq-oise, andl Score atones and settingpears the stock of a retirod manufacturer Also fie od montedimons iea-ng; a Utiara with emerxlds, Ubr.Zchs, an ohereonaet, andrth contentsu t Rhrof&ak ankdy'jwe tcas, comprisie ng Richmojcsofd tatvrueiorsB chrce ToG taIt arndwrk JAnKSOip. Maybhe viewedi Thesday, p .S .revi o iesdmnrailk tof ae lots, by order of the proprietor: TOT I ig a thoroulghly well-buflt and singulalyr LA attractive detached Villa Residence in the Italian styleW ear.chi-. lecture, andI of elegant desig, called Derby Villa, 'Upjsr East Sheen, staniding on en elevated lawn, with tastfully lald out roctndr, meidow- lanid, pleasure andI kitchen gardens, withi lodge entrance, eontaininthree roomsF, V_. comrprising about 31 acrs The house contai3s, on the uipper floor, 10 capital well-arranged bed rooea. two. - -in rooms (which have recently been newly decorated nsh 5tO wit-h marble mantlepicoes and stoves), large nurser bath oceu,. and two water-closets on the osrund floor, an entraos bell witx elegact double -3taircaseis, a suite of three baridaosn reception rsomr, communicating or dividing at pleasure, nounek.eper' room, well fitted offio es,t., sta.bing, ec-io sud, a alutoffices, mnoderately estIimated at £20 per annum, Lot 5. A. -valuable Plot of Bud-ding Iad, ICa frontage of 38 feIon to he Upper Road, with a depth of Ste feeat, and containing aboutV 2s ares thne road to -which is made-, from ito highL and heathy atuation, in aC & first-claes character for building purposes being a litht loSmy well on a stratum of gravel. The land tax on both Iota is redeemed, and there is a aluable right of common on all the comnions CC 'Wisbi6don Manor. of which manor botht lots are bolderi Zvar'-faclllty or wer. furitrema betaenbythexarcaar T vlahion, The prwaum& grahieeleatin ad goun pln o th etate, lbe bad at the MasL
