DEATHS. On Frid-y. the 18th ult.. in Yow YorL hMr. John S. eIengough. of Ltondon, and of the firm or Exheguren, Quintana, and Co., IMazatlan Mle3co. On the 2dthslt.. at S. StoneSeld-shncet, Islington, afterashort 511ness 3fr. John Rolls. formerly of 160, Alders-ate-street, aged 63. On the DIth lt., at Gresford, aged 7, Mrs. Davies, relict of the late Edward Davies, of Eyton. Denbighhire. and mother of Thos. Davies, £sq., Mrarlborough-place, St. Jo'n's-wood. On Monday. the 5th inst., at his residence, Witney, R. Early, deeply ycgretted, aged 61. On Tuesxday, the 6th inst., at Bassett Down Houise. Swindon, Anne Elizabeth Cunningham. eldest daughter of the late Rear-Admiral Sir Charles Cumningham, K.C.H., aged 63. On the 6th inst.. at Forest-hill, Kent. Eiss Eiizabeth Maria Burbey, formerly of Portsmouth. On the 7th inst.. at 20, Lanedown-place, Cheltenham, Mary Anm, the beloved wife of RPoert Zorris, Esq. On the 7th inst., at 6. Petham-place. Brompton, 3Mrs. Symons, widow of the late Isaac Symons, E-q., of 26, Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square, aged 57. On the 7th inst.. Rev. John llitmt. of Brixton. formerly minister of Union Chapel. and Secretary to the Protestant Union, in his 62d year. On the 7th inst., at Southlwood Lodge, Cheltenham, Joseph Camps. aged 57 years. On the 5th inzt., at her homse. in Green-park-buildings. Batb, aged 76, Lady Berry, widow of the late Bear-Admiral Sir Edward Berry, Eart.. x.C.Tl. On the 7th inst.. at Park-street. Grosvenor-square, aged 36, Margaret Elizabeth, the beloved wife of George RMainy, Esq., of Raasay, North Brit3in. and daughter of the late Rev. Gee. Efaygarth, vicar of nooe and SWivelAfield, Sausex. On the 5ih inst.. at 16. Somerset-street, Portman-square, in his 20th year, John EThton, eldest son of the late William Henry Perry, Esq., of Shrewsbury. On the Sth inst.. at Rines Lynn. Lucy, aged 29. the beloved wi;e of Tvilliam I;iptou, E.sq., and youngest (laughter of Williams Haselwood, Esq., Hodlesdon, Herts. On the Sth iist at the residence of her brother-in-law, Mrr. Joseph NVhite. Portland-place, Istmrton blary, the relct of MrrNT. P.TW. Welsforl, late of Brunswick-place, Ball's-pond. in her 69th year.
~~HERANDS UGARREFINERY.-The th NNA GEERANY-SeTeral .iholeso sci behedrtiAicatesri npmi themuenicatons the rnequeontednEstayin the distist..e atmbproofsl 1h sclocs helda, and,rs to Mhch-areebl to A.t. eiofltye solctatutes, hibtioo oftbiars.Cmaybrbgvntce htte aeal COAMu thBarholdesofzerl rholderstobpcrid etofcthea i tae aboverComnyoabefodteiousto cyo-opeatnexwthiia hleso nheCermrsonitioesar-erequestedonstatting the diotinctive n amers oCthozerupieonthesharholdeo nof pa hL adi alo per shr,tbepi torte Cothr- 30 days after thze 10th 'of May next will be absolutely forfeited. The form to make the payment will be delivered upon application at the office, and the certificates muatbe lodgedsat the same time, tohave thepa,mentendorsedthereon. 138, roade-street-buildin,gs. &Lrch 7.1056. TPHIE CHANCELLORSVILLE FREEHOLD5 U, G40LD MINING COMOPAI4Y.-The Directors of the Chancellorsstie Freehold Gold Mining Company, while preparing to lay before the shareholders an elaborate Report deemn it desirable, as much delay has unavoidably occurred, to put forward a few seneral facte with reference to their proceedings since their last statement. The 3)irectoss are bappy to be able to say that the stability and permanent ssuccess of this undertaking are niow placed beyond doubt and uncertainty. -Some months have elapsed since the Director-s reeived considerable pCrnsiguments of the ore, in consequence of their determaination that its reduction and the extraction of the gold and silver It was known to containL should take place in England. rather than on the estate itself, away from their more direct control. Repeated assays of the ore thus. received, made by the most eminent analytical chymists, at once conframed the original reports of its value. The great difficulty with which the Directors bad to contend, a diffichaty which is now entirely overcome, arose from the non-existence of any machinery by which postive results could be arrived at on a scale xuitticiatl~y lagI t rtb an average, and at a remunerative cost. madeby entlmenwhobelivedtha the posesed te mansof arA ren<ton f th or ha bee mae uon aquatit solarge as fo estalis a airaveage wih sch yild f gld,andat ucha cost of redctin, s mre ha tojusifyallaniciatins,andtorender the In he eanim th Diectrsaremakngarrangements for the reguar rannisson of the ore, and for its reuto na scale commensuae with the exTtent of the undlertaking. They will be able, in the more full Report they will shortly publish. to state tie exact expenses anid the average profit. The Directors save also the satisfaction to a(dd, that there will be no niecessity for asy inicrease of the capital of she Coimpany, which is qulte suffcient for the purpoces of the undertaking. By order. IV. S. TROTTER, Secretary. N'o. !, Great Winchester-street, Mlay S, 1816. T-TNSR'sOLFrANTGAS COMPANY JL.J (Lmitd).Capial 650000 in5.000 shares of £10 each, with power to increase. ProvisionallyRIeciatered. DIRECTIOPtS. George Slncllr Brodie, EsA., late of Melbourne. Victoria Arthur Hathaway, Esez*, Mladras Civil Service, Wimbledon. Surey Archibald 31acnaaught, Req., (3,lacnaught, Thomas, Robertson, and CO., Brikaid. Sothwak. ad ru do onat Parts Rngner-Sr.Jams aldMaton 3, Bonfled-trct,Westbourne- trrace. Cons-ulting Chymist-P'hflip Burnard Ayres, MsA.. 21T., late Professor of Chymistry, Chariing-cross Hospital, 6, Upper Portland-place, Wandawvorti-read. Sellcitors--Messrs. Atchison sad.Hatha-way, 35. Linooln's-inn-fields. Bankers-The Unltri Bank of London, This Company has been formed under the provUsorus of the Limited Liability Act, 1515, for thLe purpose of carrying out, on a hi-hly remunerative rcale. M1r. Hfammo's Patented Improvemenats in the Idanufacture of lltuminating Gas fromn Oleaginous Substances. Arrangements of a satisfactory nature have been provisionally cezneluded for grantsng licenses for the manufacture and Wae of Ilansor's ent apparatus in different parts of the country. Large returns s be thus at once secured, without any conresponding outlay of the capital of the Company, which wil be principally employed ini the manufacture and sn ply of the oleaginousn material from which the ens is manufactured iSteps have been also taken for the introduction of the invention into the colo'9es and forelign countries, where coal is scarce, and oleaginous prouct miab0 fo th maufatur otgasuPon Hansoe's principle A eosi ofLIls, er har wiibepaybleon the allotment of the shae: ridthereminer f te c~iti aitmay be required, in calls Applications for shares to be wmade to 'Messrs. Eykyn, Brothers, 22, Change-eshier: or at the Company's offices, 38 Lincoln's-hin-Sields,, London, where prospeetuses coders to Eee the ihght, full particular of the invention., and all other- information as tothe proceedings of the Company, may be obtained- ?1'~XEROYAL AVAL. ILITARY, EAST BONMUS ME1UETiNG, 1015 TONDON MlUTUAL LIFE andl GUARAN~TEE ~L,SOCIETYZ, 63. lloorgato-sreet.-At the division of profits on the 2d of July. a BONUS was DECLARED averaging 29.t per cent, on premisuss paid, era - eduction of 27 per cent, from the annual presniums unitil next bonus. GEORGE 'WISON. Chairman, TNDIPUTBLE IFEPOLCY COMPANY. L72 Lobad-sree; 4~ onnugt-tn-ae,Edgewaro-road; cnd Viscunt ORRIGTON Charman. The urpoe o lif asurane isabstutssecrity, to be Obtstzrsd by ALP~ ROBERTSON, Manager. THE GENERAL LIFE and FIRE ASSURA-NCE COOZPAN-Y. Established 1057. Empowered by specia Art of Parliament-62, King Wiiliam-sirvsd London. Low rates, and the payment of poFicies guaranteed by aexpiltal of £1,00D,000. Loans from £4100 to £1,000 advanced on personal securft.g and the deposit of a life policy ; such loans repay-able in three year, by hAalfyearly mtarlalarest. THOIAS PRICE, Secretary, SPECIA&L NOTICE. f'ILERICAL, MlEDICAL, and GE-NERAL LIFE q/ASSUBAN.Cli SOCIETY, 99, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, London. Sixth Divison of Profits,-A.21 persons who assure on-the particiting s'a5e before June 30. will1 be en titled to a share ol the sixth lanun. swaZchwill be declared in-January. 1857. P`ropounils should be forwardc-d to the ofrice be5aor the Ie, June next. TheYxd~rty-flrst Annual Repa1t can now be obtained ,are)l of the Societ?o agents, or of GEORGE H, PINCEARD, Resident Secretary. E-steblished 1815 -XIT-1C0RIA LIFE ASSURANCE COINPANY, v No. 13. King WitEarn-street, Manslon-house, city. Life a.wurainces of every dcracription effected. Half 1b,s annual premium may be paid duriag the first five years, One-thlid may remain on credit during the whole of lia. Endasvment assurances, pcyable at 50. 55. 60, s.c. Means to assurers on personal or other security. SO pLnrcent, of profits go to assurers on the bonuis scale, Thelaist bonus averaged 53 per cent, Os' the premiumc paid. WILLIALM RATItAY, Actuary. W ATERLOO LW3E ASSURANCE COMNPANY. Llvcorporated by Act of Parliamient. 1051. Subscrbed capital Ze400.t0. Bead office, 355. Strand. London. Thi5 ofiEce offers the benefit of mutual assurance witbaut its liability, and 'sill be fouind bighly eligible for every descriptions or life assurance. Alloiliesindspuabe. lats o prmimomderate., Assurances hig-ryfiepr cet.of t- prfit dviddamong the assured every Ters o pegosl ad eeryinfrmaionon application to the T. G WILIAM, in,.Manager and Secretary. IJ NITY GENERIAL ASSURANC0E ASSOCIA- TION. Chief ofices, Unity-buildin3gs, Cannon-street,city.-The Direct,or of this Associatienu aredesirousoixeseiving-APPLICATlO.Nf for LOANS, varying fram £S100 to zM300tO -an eligible per-sonal or other secu.-Wie-3, in connexion osLitt: ie assura nce. Thle considerations wvhich guidethe Directors are:- ~ ~ ~ fo III lIe pr cnt,I= annuJm interest. Apiietosfrpopces,frs of progosal, and all other in- T-HOMAS H. BAYLIS, 'ManagingrDirector. N OIIC-The ANUAL GNERAL EETING offie qUIABL FIE ISURNC COMPANY will e heldin ie Cmpay's dor in annn-steetweet, on Wedniesday, A Iepot o th afais o th Cmpay, or 00, will be submitted to he harhoder, ad he g~~erl bsinssof the Company trams- The felinwing Directors-2iD?s C. Seton, William H.Piace. Fredericlk Itoii~s, and Elnmond S. Sy-res, go oiit of ollice by rotation: and Stiles C. ScIou, WI'illiam H, Place, an-i Edmond S. Symes offer themselves for re-elecuaon, Also, thie present Auditors Psazfes7or Wheatstone, F,RS.. andI John Symes, Esoq. whose period of offila u-il expire, hut who are eligible for re-election, wil offer themselve-s accordingly. By order of the Court of Directors 'W. HOWVELL PRESTON, Secretary. 4) OCX LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE 15, New JLt, Bridge-street. Bl1ackfriars. Lre?don.-The JANURA] GENERAL COURT of the Proprietors of tliie Gonipany will be holdlen on Wednes(lay, the 21st inst.. at 12 o'clock precisely, at the Company's House. an above, to receive ia Report of receipts and disbursements of the ComPany's acestisot during tho preceding y'ear. annL to Elect Four Directors and one Amliorint tue place of thor-s u-ho aTce then to go oiit of office by rotation, cacti respectively according to lbs dleed of settlennent. Notice hasL been giveLn, in pursuance of the deed of settlement, by the following Propr-ietors, of their intention to be-ome candidates, each zcsectively on the ozeasion, virz.:-To be Directors,- Robert Buchanan Dunlop, Esq. Tamies Gadesden, Esq. George Arthur Fuller. Eat-. I Thomas Francis Wiso~n, Fa-q. To be Auditor.-Wliffam Cassart, Esq. By7 Order of the Court of Directors, .ILa.y 9,1015, JOHN GODD-ARD, Actuary, HESOTTISH LNATIONAL INSURANWCE T 3]CO,`.NY (established It-ill 69, Lomibard-street, LondenClalaoa,LONDON BOARD of DIRECTORS. Geore Hy Doaldon. eq.(Mesrs.Donadso, Lambert, and Co.) J~p q~eeTen' Ea- (esss. oodendand Young) Pro-m" fo lfe essnne mde efoe he 15th of May niext wil enti2~pztis t shre i th sith iviionof prolitz to be declared in Octoecflowig, lthugholy neyar'spreiummay have been re- samples unider new Table of Rates recently issued. Annual Premkiums for First Year for an Agan Assurance of £500. 2n £681206 so 10 13 April, 1MG. -WB. P. CLIREIIUGIH. Sec YTAW FIRE INSURANCE,zSOCIETY Ala, 1856. JA Notice is hereby given, that the ANSNUAL ALIMIRETING of the Shareholders of the Law Fire Insurance Society will be holdern at tJie Society's ofilces. Nos' Sand 6 Chancery-lane,on Tuesday, the 27th day of Slay inst., to elect eight bDirctors in the room of the like number of Directors who go out by relation, and who are reeligible ; and also to elect three Auditors in the room of the like number of Auditors whio go out, by rotation. and are re-eligible, and for -Scneral purposes -And that an Extraordinary General Mleeting of the Shareholdlers will likeivse oe held at the place aforesaid, for the election of a Director in the ztead of William Chilaholme, REq., deceased,1 and for the election of an Auditor in- the rosin of James Beaumont, lIst,, who lise resigned. 'The badsness of such last-mentioned Zfeeting- t-o tat-o place immediately zftertise ternmination of the business of the Amnnual General Meeting. Thbe Febair will be taken atthoAnesuaIGenerami Meting-atlobteock prcci'e'y. By order of the Board of Directors. E, BLAIOESBEAL. Sec. The Accounts and Balance Sheet of the Society, wiith the Auditors' report; tlieston. may be inspected by the Shareholderu at the offices of tue Society. fec 14: days previously to the Annual Meeting, andI during one monthL thereafter. LIFE ASSURANCE, TflH.E BRITISH M1UTUAL LIFE ASS-URANCE JS OCIETY entertain proposals of any description iLnyolving the contingency of hnman lie. DRCOS Her Currey Rgq. John SV Feline, Esq. Fred fDonulo. Es, John V. Gooch, Resq. Rimv. W, , Ellis I Hon. William Gore Ralph twall,Req. j Thomas Ilamber Regq The. Eans Es,, ID. GeogeIlfrd Walker, Rsq. Pr-emiums to Assure £~100, pybetec~ Age niext A33nualIy. ( ith rofitsurtely Birthday, afyary uatry £210 £113 £0~~M10 1 21-19 18 014 4 4 1 7 219 11 4 The public are invited toeaiefrthemseles the advantages gaIned for assurers bythplnowic policies are grated by this Thepolcie ar inisptabe, xcet i caesof palpable fraud. CHAL~S~JAlE5THIVER, Seaetar.
Fron thC LONDON GAZETrE of FrTda, Maiy 9. LORD CHAMERLAIN'S OYFICE. ABRm 29. Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a Drawing-room at St. James's Palace on Thursday, the 29tl of Mlay next, at 2 o'clock, to celebrate Her Majesty's birthday. N.B. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear in their Collars at the Drawing-room on the 29th of May next. BUCKINGHLA PALACE, MAy 8. This day had audience of Her Majesty:- His Highness Aali Pasha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Em ire, to deliver to Her Majesty a letter from the Sultan. T e Grand Vizier was accompanied to this audience by his Excellency M, Mluairns, knbassador traordi and Pleripotentiary from the Sublime Porte; and his Highness was ntroduced by the Earl of CLarendon, MG., Her Mtajesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, andecanducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir EdwardCost, K.C.H. Her Majesty's Mtaster of the Ceremonies. FOREIGN-OFFICE, MAY, 6. The Queen has been pleased to approve Mr. George A. Everitt as Consul at Birmingham for His Majesty the ,ing of the Be]gians. The Queen has also been pleased to approve of M£r. Luis Y. Santamariaas Consul at Liverpool for the Republic of New Granada. k HITEHALL, MAY 7. The Queen has been pleased to present the Rev. William Charles Middleton Grant to the church and parish of Durness, in the gresbyteryof Tongue, and county of Sutherland, vacant by the death of the Rev. Alexander I'CoD, late minister thereof. CROWN-OFEICE, MAY 9. MsIEMIER returned to serve in the present PARLIA- MENT. Borough of Cheltenham. Francis Wiliam Fitahardinge Berkeley, Esq., Captain in Her Majesty's Regiment of Horse Guards, in the Room of Grenville Charles Lennox Berkeley, Esq., who has accepted the offlce of Steeward of Her Majesty's Chiltern Hundreds, COMInSSIONERS FOR BUILDING CHURCHES. By an order in Council, dated April 28 last past, Her Majesty has approved a representation, with a map thereunto annexed, for the assignment of a district chapelry to the church of St. Thomas, in the parish of Llandwrog, in the diocess of Bangor. And by another order in Council, of the same date, Her Majesty has approved a representation of the said commissioners for the assignment of a district chapw]ry to the church of St. AIban, in the parish of Rochdale, in the diocess of Manchester. And by another order in Council, Her Majesty has approved a representation of the commissioners for the asslgnment of a particular district to the church of St. John, at Hooe, in the parish of Plymotock, in the diocess of Exeter. BOARD OF TRADE. The Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received a copy of a despatch, enclosin" a copy of a French Imperial decree, regulating the import duties upon cocoa (in the bean and husk)-viz., from the French colonies from countries west of Cape Horn, and from elscwhere out of Europe-present duties. From entrup6t,s, in French ships 6f. ; in foreign ships 75f. per 100 kilogrammes; and also another decree fixing the import duty on iron tubes at 30f. per 100 kilograuines. RATES OF POSTAGE. By a Treasury warrant, dated May the C0th inst., it is directed that for every lctter transmitted by post between West.-n Australia and any of Her Majesty's colonies or any forei0n country throughl the united kingdom, notexceeding poz. ai weight, there shaell. be paid a postage of 6d. ; exceeding _oz. and not exceeding loz., ls.; not exceeding 2oz., 2s.; not exceeding 3oz., t-s. ;hot exceeding 4oz., 4s. * and fcr every ounce above 4oz. two additional rates of postage. it is*n uther directed that, so far as respects letters poffed in the united kingdom addressed to WVestern Australia the warrant shall came into operation from the 1st of o.liy next; and, so far as respects letters posted in Wes6ern Australia, fron the 1st of October nexi. WAR DEPARTAMENT, PALL-MALL, Mvz-.% 6th Dragoon Guards.-Comet Samnel Wentworth Stevensn haS been permitteldio resign his commission. 7th Dragoor -Guards.-Licut. A. G. Mlontgomery Moore -te ico Capt., bypurchase. v"ce Brevet-Major Alacartney. vho retires -Cornmetand Adlt. DavidScotland, to have the rank of Lieut. ;Coruet.joxzes Vance Cleland to or LAeut., by purchase, vice Moore. 7th Lidgl Dragoons.-Lient. David Philip Brown .o -sa Capt., by purchase, 'Vroe SirLydston Newman,Bart.,ivho retires:; Comet William Hurny Seyinour to be LIet., by purchase, vice EBroe,sc 15th Light Dragoons.-Lieut. George Travers Macatney o be Capt., by purchase, vice Brett, who retires; Come,t Charecs WWiam Bell to he Lieut., by purchase, vice Macartney. Roy-aliEngineers.-The sumname of the Lieut. viipolired on the 7th of Apri, 1856, in the " Gazottei-of the 29th it., .is":Home," and noet "Herne," as previously stated. 7tklErot.-The fist Christianzane of Ensign Folldttts "lIarding2," and not - Harding," as previoRsly stated. ]fhihl?oot.-The seconoddiristian name of Ensgnkiune, appointed Onctbe- 1th of April, iSSO6, 'is -Jones." 20th Foot.-MajLor SaH ul Wells torb Bicnt.tCol e ithot ypurchase, vicesHrange, who retires upon full paY; Br.vat-ilajor George {olt to FhaMaoEr. without purchaie, vice lls; Lent. Astlcy Camr,bel Sm'ith to be Capt., wit-bout-purchase, vice Holt.; nsigrn Richard toss tote I,ieut., vithout purocase, vice Smith; nsign Raymond South Pain from the 4th Middlese MiLlitia, to be Ensigs,wvithoutpusrhase, vreIoss. 50th Foot.-Lieut. HIenr C. Wortlingtonto be-aApt., by purEhase vre Eiuey, who retires. .2d Foot.-EnsignJlatba we M T. Crane to bei eut., by purch&eu, *vice Powrer promoted.. 6ith Foot.-Ensign Wo'odLford Wright Sherlock to be ,ienlt., by pur'bhase, viceDFlndsuo who etires; Lichardet asens,Cgent., tobe 2 tnsign by purchase, vice Sherlock. '50th Foot.-1ient. Robert Ch~arles Geff -torse Adi't., vice Ensign 'Giordon, who resigno ihcAdiutancy only. 53d Foot.-Ensigqn Jobs, Miaxwell Mlarnoilhito be Licnt.,vit.heut pur-chase, vice Followe. -deceased; L.ent. Joseph -C. Smytlee, from the Perthahiro Mlilitia, to be Ensign, without ,ourebese, vice Macnail. 57th Foot.-iiert. Bliake Gohle hasbec5crnsittedto,retire from the -service by the sale of hiscommission. 60th Foot. To Ie I:xZUvTExNA-TS, bhyprchase. Ensign Frederick Austin, vice Adderley, who has retixedL Ensign Edward C. Airslie, viceRobertson-promoted. Ensign James S. H. Algar, vice Fox, pronmated. Ensign E R. King-Harman, vice Elis, gremoted. Ensign Joseph Bradehaw, vice Liddell, premoted. To be E2NSIGNS, by puiehase. George Henry Mcckeruie, gent., vice KCini-Harman. Richard Jephson Verchoyle, gent,, vice d3vaishaw. 6d Foot.-Lieut. F. V. hL Raynes has becn permitted teo etire from the service by the sale ot his commission. The appointment of Quarterxnaster-Sergeait TJames iLinford to thu Quartermastership-to bear date 28th December, 1855, instead of LSth January, 1856, as proviously stated. 69th Foot.-Ensign Peter Shuttleworth, f.crn the Sligo.hlitia, to be 'Ensign, without purchase. 70th Foot.-Liert. CharmssWilliam Quin,finmtlhe .2th Foot, to be lieut., vice Wvilso, *.h e" changes, Sld Foot.-Ensign Ed.ward Diclson Ricard, from -the 1S.b Foot, to be Leut., by purchase, vice Fitzroy, promoted ito the 6Sd -Fot; Braith- .uaite Chanley, ge3t.u to be Ensign, by purchase, in suceesailoc to Lieut. .Meade, promoted in the S0TailFoot. .Sith Foot.-EnAign WiVlia Poole, to be ILeut.. without purchase, vice KIenny, deceased: Ensigm Hugh Pearson, fsrom the s-th Foot, to be Ensign, without purchas, vice Poole. 85th Foot.-1ieut. Williani Heniry Drage, from the Esser, ilitia, to .be-Ensign, vithout purchase. -91th Foot.-Lieut. Falconer Wilson, from the 0th Foot, *tobe ieut., -vice 4luin, wvho exchanges. °2d West India Regimeut.-Lfeit. George James Ivey, to Ise Capt., .vithout purchase, vice Harger, deceased; Ensign Edmiond rederick Tarte, tobe Lient., wvithout purchase, vice Ivey - Lieut Charles Bury -Cradack, froni the 6th Lancashire Militia, to be rsga, -wthut pur-chase, vice Tarte. HOSPITAL STAFF. Assist.-Surg. Henry Titterton, MLD., from the 89th Foot, to be Assist.-Surg. to the Forces, vice Browne, who resigns. Steff-Surg. of the Second Class George Villiam Powell bae been piaced.npon half-pay for one year for the recovery of i's health. BREVET. Lieut,Col. Henry Francis Strange, retired fuol pay 25th Foot-, to be Col. in trcc arniy, the rank being honorary only. Brevet-Lieit-Col. Henry Fre(lerick Hawker, retired fuUUiay (t-aff OfEicer of Pensioners), to be CoL in the army, the rank beinc honotary only. The promotion of Dr. Bruce, to be Staff-Surg., Osmanli Irregular Cavalry. to bear date the 19th of October, 105, instead of tie let of May, ,,I-,S, se previously stated. COMISSIONS. Signed by the o15iD-LTEV`rEy-ANT of tlice County of EIERTFOP.D. South Herts Yeomanry Cavalry.-Comnet Abel Smith. to be Lieut. vice Sir Henr>' PeDy, Bart., resigned; Robert Smith, Esq.. to be Cornet, viceA:oel Smith, promoted, By the Lor.D-LiruTEssAsr of the County of W.tawscic. Warwickshire Yeomanry Cavalry.-The Hon. Edward Chandos Leigh, to be Capt., vi-c Capt. Lord Leigh, resigned. By the Lor. LrEur-rEx.vsrT of the County of GL&MOILIrt'Z. Royal Glamorgan LigLht Infantry 2Militia.-olui villiam NeviDle IBiDingsly Parry, Esq., iate Lieut. in the Royal Beelmocke Riesilit,a, to be Capt. By the LonnD-Lem-wUANTr of the County of EsEEx. The Essex Rifles.-Bcrtram Aynsley James Mlitford, gent., to be Ensign, vice Bcmnet, removed to the line. By the LoRD-t-LiaUr.sAsr of the County of MERnosee. Merionethishire Militia.-Rice HuIgh Anvryl, Ecf., to be Snrg., vice 'Thomas Parry, Esq., piaced on the retired list. ' is " Gazette" contains notices that the following places have been dulyregistered for the solemnization of marriages therein.- Roman Catholic Cnapel, Deal. ,2ftthel, MerthyrTydvil. St. Mary's and St. John's Catholic Church, Wolverhampton. PARTNEBMIPS DISSOLVED. ILt P. Friend ane J. S. Friend, Pon(.-yard, Bankside, timber merchantg.-fMoncy and Baxter, Owen's-row. Clerkenwell, manufacturing jewellerc.-Perkins and Co., Goulston-street, lVhitechapel, boot mansefacturere.-T. Petling, T. T. Gray, and T. G. Peatling, Wisbeach, St. Ive's, and Bedford, wine mercbants.-J. Byrns anid J. Hipwood, Glcester, shi"r1g4s.-i a-F. T. and G. IL Goodall, Manchester, account- ants.-,. 4;Nspirl aunl Co., Huhnme, liancashiro, iTn(cj coTfcoinr. Margerison, I;ort, and Co., Savage-gardens, wine merchants.-Whlte and Co., bMesbrough, Yorksdire, coal masters.-T. C. Hinde and Co., Birmingham. iron merebants.-Hobson and Hindle, Leeds, estate agents.-J. and G. Curtis, Portsea and Wymering, corn merchants.- J. Scott and J. Hall, Charlotte.street, Blackfriars.road. printers.- Gladstone and Co., Liverpool. merclants; as far as regards G. Grant. -J. and H. Smnderland, Birminghan,. voollen warehousememL-Storry and Walker, Hfuddersfield. grocra.-O. Smith and J. J. iCing, Portman-place, Edgwarc-road, dyers.-T. Stevenson and T. crookes Sheheld, hrasstounders.-Braithwvaite and Co., Warriungton, tobacco pipse man,facturer tt-J. Bakerand Co., Dswsbnry. cloth-washer mannfacturers,-T. O.LI agard and C. J. Towanley, MSanchester, insurance agents.-Ovveu, Hlazel,. ar.dCo., St. MSary-a.xe, and Soath ampton, ship brok;ers.-J. }lushforth and Co., 3readioed. Yor's-sblse, ironfounders.- W. Righy. N. Rigoy, and J. lees. Rtochdale anldManchestex-, fire-brick mannfacturers,-J. Steemeon and W. Hill, I-fucknali.under-Hnlth. wvaite, framuesmnith's setters-np,-Barry and Parsenage, Sheffield, wine merchente. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. D. E. D.vies, Pontypridd, grocer-final div. of Id., any Wednesday, at Mr. Acraman's, Bristol. J. Jones, Llanelly. coal merchant-final div. of 2d., any Wednesday, at Mr. Acraman's, Bristol. T. H. Hodsoin, Peckferton. near Beeston, Cheshire, cattle dealerfirst div. of Os. 7id., any Wednesday, at Mfr. Morgan's, Liverpool. G.W ilson, Salford, ironfonuder-firet div. of 211., Tuesday, IMay 20, or on any sulbequent Tuesday, at M1r. POtt',, Mmnchester. Willam ord,ChipingLanboine Brkshre,innikeeper, to surrender May21, a2wthalf-pastS'claock, une 3at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitors, Mfessrs. Bishop and Son. ,New Bridge-street, hlr. Asticy, Hongerford: of ficial assignee. Mfr. Graham. Wlliiam As;ta jun. Stoney lane. TwoleY-street. carrier, Mfay 16, at 1 o'clock June 1§. atl°, at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitors, Messrs. Bothasnl'y and Freeman, Colemani-3treet: of ficial a5signee, Mfir. Graham. afeld Honey, ireid,s.tne, g;ro5cOeir,Mta>y 17 and June 2S. at 12 o'clck,at he ankupt' Cort;solcitrs,Mesrs.Lefty, Potter, and Son Kia--street, Cheapside: official aseignee, Mlr. Pennell, Gnlldbal.cham"bers. Hfenry Charles Broer3, East India-chambers, Leadenhall-etreet, lanidowne-terracc, Efackney, metal merchant, Ma.y 24, at half.pastllI e'clpvk, June 27, at 13, aS the lianlcupte' Court; Eqhiciters, ?Mesrs, Walter and Pemberton, Southamton-treeb, Blocmsbury: offidal assignee, M1r. Cnnan, Aldermanbury. Uriah Giscrd, King'sLyun, cabinetmaker,May 24 and June 27. at lo'clock at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitors, Messs. Cloowes. Son, and HIdey, Kine's Bench-walk, Temple, Air. Jeffery, King's Lynn: official aswignee. Mr. Whitmore, Basingball-street. Benjamin Wilson, Gresham-street, money scrivener. Mlay 20, at halfpast2 oclock, and June 17, at 12, at BannkruptsW Court; solidtora. Messrs. Lawrance, Plews and Boyer, Old Jewry Chambers; official assignee, Mr. Lee, Aldermanbury. George Frederick Owen. Lewisham. butcher, Mfay20, atbalfPast2 'clock, and June17, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court; solctor, Mr. Stubby, Moorgate-street; offiial assignee, -Mr. Edwarlsd Sambrook' court, BasinDhall-street. Wili.am Fryer, Nottingham, wholesale draper, May 27 and June 17, at half-past 10 o'mclck. at the Birminghaim District Court of Bankruptcy, at Nottingham'- solicitor, M. Sykes, Nottingham; officia assignee, BMr. Harris, 1sottinghsm. George Harding, Shepton M31siett, Innkeeper, Ma3y. 20 and JUne 17, at 11 o'clock, at the Bristol District Court of B>ank;ruptcy; soliditors., M Ar. lNalder, SheptonMIalett, andMressrs.Edwvards and Nalder, Bristol; official ansignee, M31r. Acraman, Bristol. !John Jerkineon, Kingston-upon-Hul. china dealer, June 4 and 25, at 12 o'lock, at the Leeds District Court of Bakruptcy, at Kingston' upon-Pull; solicitor, Mir. Rolilt, HuUl; official assignee, Mr. Carrick, Peter Peth Buck, Jervaux Abbey,-Yorkshire, cattle denIer, May26, at 1 o'clock. and June23, sa tthe LeedsDistrictCourt of Bankruptcy; solicitors. tessrs. Band andBarwick, and Mr. HIacks,Leeds olliclal assignee, Mr. Hope, Leeds ThomasD3avies, Liverpool. merchant, may 28 and June 16, at 11 o'clock, at the Liverpool District Court of B onkruptcy; solicitors, esIss. Bagshav. and Son, Manchester; official assignee, Mfr. Carenove, Liverpool. Patrick MeDu,nneDli Manchester, cabinetmaker, MIay 19aend June 18. at 12 o'clock, at the Mtanchester District Court of Bankru tcy; solidtor, Mr. Taylor, Manchester; official assiguee, Mr. Pott, Etan. chester DIVIDENDS. Ma3y30. E. Ludd, Cambridge, daper.-May 30, W. Thomas Catbermne street. Strand, publisher.-June 19, P. Fredic:ks, Crichihowell, benleer.-June &, T. BiSggs, North Shields, grocer.-MIay 30. Bt. Clark. Liverpcool. m~iiler.-Nsy 11, B. Greene, Lichtield, bankrer.-Jnne 2, G. Newiey, Birneinglism, gcocer.--MSay 20, G. 3Kay, York, bootmaker.- .June9, T. Bameden and Wr. B. Baster, B^aiiffe-bridge, Yorkshiure, worsted spinners. CERTIFICATE3 to be granted unless cause be shown to the contrary on the day of meeting. -May 29, R. Blore. Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, picture dealer. -May 29, L. Laldman, Chancery-lane, and Cobora New-road, Bow, stationer.-May£0, G. PD, Welford, scrivener.-'May 30. H. AlMatim and S. Foot, Battersea-park Brewery, Battersea-fields, brewersea-%ay 30, J Searle, March, Isle of Ely, bulder.-June 2, Al. Boyd, New Bank buidings, sharebroker.-Jmme 2, B. Cooper, Frome Selvwood, clothier.- Juno 4. T'. Bmsnet, Biaydou, Durham. glass bottle manufacturer.- Mfay30, l. MtcCormick. Manchester. builder.-June 2, J. Richardson, liverpool, timberrnerchant.-June 12, w. Clewts, WFedumesbury, baker. -June12 M. Muir aJ. A hitousmBbe, xigdhdermitnsiter, carpet mannWood, Sheffield, boilermaker.-lday 31, A. M1arks and N[. Salamnon, Sheffeldd, merchants. SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIOINS8. H. N. J. Goldie, Glasgow, manafacturer, 3ay 19, at 12 o'clock, at the Globe Hotel, Glasgow. D. Stewvart, Dalkeith, merchant, May 19, at 2 o'clock, at Dowelis and Lyon's Rooms, Edinburgh. J. Leggat. Turriff, sadlUer, May 19,at 12 o'clock, at the Sheriff Courthouse, Abrdeen. THE CORN AVeRAGES. General Weeldy Average received in the week ended May 3,1856:- The Average Priceof Srown or'Iusovado Sugar, computed from the returns mede in the week ending the 6th of 'Say, exclusive of Cu3toas' dtites paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof Into Gret Britain. RmromttzeBiitishpossessions lAmeric . 27 0. per cwt. Prom the Mauritius .27 S FromtheEastIndies 28 4, The average price of tho three foregoing de- tpionsofsugar.jointly computedasabove Mpexclusivo of duty .. .. .. .. 27 Xg By authority of ParUament, nrsiy BxcErrm.x, Clerk of the Grocers' Compa. LGrocem-hall. May 9.
STREET MIU&C. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTmBS. Sir,-At pagc6, columnfive,zir 71wTimnzes of t*is day, Sir RichardMeyne is represented to have stated, "That the law does not give the police authority to take into custody street mnusicianzs, nor to prevent their playing organs, &c., in the street.?' A few yeats ago the act applcable to street musicians was pointed out in your paper-to w"it, 2 and 3 Victoria, c. 47:-" eA shall be lawfud for any householder within the metropolitan district, personally or by his servant, or by any police-constable, to require any street musician to depart from the neighbourhood of the house of such householder 'on account of the illness of any smnate of such house, -or for other reasonable cause ; and every person wsh shall sound or play upon any musical instrument in any thoraughfare near any hmise, after being so required to depart, s-all be liable to a penalty of notn more than 40s." At general police or-der was also issued, March 21, 1851viz.:-" The police wuld be justified in stopping music playing in the streets,:und, if necessary, removingthe parties an eases wfhere, froma the loud noise or other circumustances, danger is caused to passengers in the streets, horses frighlt'ened, or the thoroughfares obstructed. 1-am. Sir. yours zrosnectfallv. H. F4 -
: E BISHOP' IO- BAxNGon AGAW.-It hansbecome known to the Bishop o£ 3langor that the Dev. 1Bulkeley Jones, Warden of Ruthli, Denbighshire, had invited several of the clergy in the deanery of Dyffryn Clwyd to join the movement for more scrvices, the Bishop writes to that gentleman'an the 16th of 'ebruary :-" T give you ull credit for daving been seduced into this act -of insub-ordination by puerile ignorance- d vanity; *but ignorance -and vainity are no-scuse for criminal misbeiviour. You 'have even had'tlse presumption -and folly to solidit my dear 'and venerable fricend, the Archdeacon of MXerioneth, -one of those chief ministers of the chiurfa to whom the -charge and government overyou is committed, -to concur 'with you inrthiseot of undutifulness and irreverenee to your -Ordinary. I now-till upon youto retrace your steps, to take the same pains 'n undeceiving the clergy of your deanery -as you have in -soliciting their concurrence (though :1 am quite confident-that you havececeived no encouragement rom any one ofthem), and to make an amalo apology for 'your misbehaviou. I shal, -unless youalee the subrais--sions I require, mprosecute you in the iocesan Cort." To the above a-termperate reply was returned by the warden .= the 18th, in v5:ch he says-" I beg to assure your-lord-Kaip that nothing was furtherirom my intention than disrespect towards your person or office. A plain but-deferuntial exxpression of opinion.upon a question of vital iLi4 ypo-tance to the church of Christ does not deserve, I thirnk, to be so interpreted, especiallynrZ-sen it emanates from the -faithful laity of youL-ordship's! tiocess-nien who have freely given their substan^e to build or restore the chlurches of ftis couantry, and from the most zealous and dervoted of youz Lordship's clergy, some of them eminent for their literary attainments; and e31 alike unaocustomed to limit the pub. ie *services of the 'Church to dtElat measure which car. legally be demanded of them. Ithink I cannot be mistaken in s-opposing that *;our Lordship would have but a mean opinon of your clegy were they to refradn from avowing tus rhonest convictions in matters appe-taining to the public-vwelfare of the Chureh. But if, in so doing, they ilave wounded your Lordship's feelings, or so acted as to have appeared to have parbicipated n persosal disrespect, I, as one of -thevery numerous bady whoentert-ainthesentimentsenuncianted 5n this petition, beg to express iay sincere regret at our dha.ing clothed our thoughts im langage which has given-offence to our &ocesan." Of the above the Bishop subsequently says-" You have sent me a sheet of foolscap paper, full of such nonsensical and impertinent trash as might be expected from a young man of your calibre. Tt is to be regretted that this shest of foolscap cannot be applied to its orspinaluse; that you cannot be sent with a fool's cap on your head and a {oo's rod at yourbreech, to be whipped through the precincts of Christ's Hospital and the main sk-eet of the town of P.uthin. WhtheUeryon, or tr. P. C. Ellis, or -some other birda of the same feather, who have flocked tqgether with you, are not only 'the mostzealous and devoted of any clergy, but eminent for their literary attainments.' I maU not venture to guess. Certainly, 1 wasunut aware that such burning lights of literature were living within a short distance of me. The fact is that you and Mr. P. C. Eirs, and those unnamed birds, have been in the habit of meeting and complimendting one another, lamenting the sad state of the Church, andthe igraorance and negligence of their bishop, till you have fancied yourselves, after the example of the three tailors of Tooley-street, the representatives of aU the wisdom and virtue of the clergy of the diocese; and, like those worthy tailors, bid fair to become a byword and a larugin-gstock." In answer to another sumsnons to retrace hisnteps on pain of prosecution, the warden -vwites on the 21st:--" As to retracing my steps, in coms- liance with your L;ordship's suggesion, such a course in =-possible, nor, if prssible, will an honourable man disavow his convictions, whatever the pressure may be to which he is subjected. It only remaing for me to repeat my regret that a repre.-etation subscribea to in a respectful spirit should be diffexently interpreted." Subsequently the Sishop gave the vwrden till the Oth of March to make his submission, at which time the latter wrote," I as willing to assure your Lordship that neither by any act of mine, nor by my writ6en language, did [ contemplate undue interference with your prerogative as bishop of the diocess, nor meditate intentinnal disrespect tourards your Lordship's person or office." The bishop terminates the correspondence by writing from London during the month just passed to the warden,-" Before I left B angor I informed your father that he might dismiss all fears of my prosecuting you in the Court of Arches, since, on reflection, [ thought it would give too much importance to a silly and ignorant, and self-conceited young man; and that I should content myself with sending you such a reprimand as shall make you regret that you did not make your submission in the way that I had required; and that I should take care that it should be well known to the clergy and laity of the deanery of Dyf&yn Ciwyd. Since it is quite impossible you should in future have any influence over your parishloners, I grive you notice that at the expiration of three months I shall revoke your license." HUMBLED Russca.-AS to Russia, she has been taught the great fallacy in which her weak;ness lay. She has been shown that a purely military policy is unequal to carry out military designs5 andf hat vast armies anda navies are as notling wnen the means of using and recruiting them are not on hand. Indeed, from the concessions the Emperor has made it would appear that he had wakened to this convicton, and that the old Muscovite ideas will no longer reign. Russia wants railvays, capital, and commerce-m a word, the sinews of war-wealth. After all her expensive military preparations she fmids that a despotic nation can never contend against a free and enlightened people. Within two years she lhas seen half a mifion of soldiers, a huge fleet, her most impregnable fortress, and all her means of transport gone. It is evident she feels this, and wUll now devote her energies to laying down iron roads through her vast territories and bringing the utmost oints of her empire-the Crimea and St. Petersburg-wit in a few days' distance. If Russia in suds a course favours eucaticn, the growth of a mercantle cmarine, and the development of her industrial resources, she may be in 50 years four times more powerful than she is now, and have to bless the war which led her to such a career of redemption.-Neae Yor2: Times. We are requested to state that Lieutenant-General Bunbray was presented at the last levee, on his appointment to the 0om0mpd of the lst battalion of the 60th Rifles.
TE BITISH ANiD FOBEIGN SCHOOL SOCIETY. Yesterday the annual general meeting of the British and Foreign School Society, founded upwards of half a century ago for the promotion of the daily istruction of the chil- dren of the labouring poor and for the training of teachers,: was held in the larre school-room of the society, in the Borough-road. The meeting was preceded by the usual examination of the pupils, about 1,000 in number, at' the central model schools. The chair was occupied by Lord John Russell, and among the gentlemen on the platform were Lord Robert Grosvenor, ILP. ; Lord Ebrington, 3LP.; MIr. Slaney, M.P. ; Baron Andre, the Haytian Minister, a gentleman of colour; the Rev. T. Binney, the Dean of Hereford, Lord James Stuart, Mr. M. J. Briscoe, and Mr. Wlliam Tooke. Mr. Duc-, the secretary, read the report for the past year, which stated that 293 yourg persons had attended the classes in the normal colleges of the society, U16 had been appointed to schools, 2 had died, 24, from various causes, had withdrawn, and 145 remained under instruction; 80 teachers obtained certificates of merit at the Government examination out of 94 presented, a proportion not surpassed by any other coUege ; 25 obtained prizes for drawing and design from the Board of Trade; 37 teachers trained in former years also obtained certificates of merit; of the whole number 55 were Queen's scholars. 997 children had been in daily attendance during the year at the centralmodel schools, and 31 pupil teachers had been apprenticed. School inspectionhad been aried on toagreat extent; 5 school inspectors had been employed and 627 schools inspected; 519 towns and viUages visited, in order to nromote education ; 82 public meetings held, and 6S uKlic examinations of schools attended; 51 new schools had been establisbed, providing for upwards of 5,000 additional clildren; 116 grants had been made-35 to schools in the colomes; the receipts for the year amounted to 14,9071. and the expenditure to 14,8671. On the motion of Lord EnRa;GTON, ALP., seconded by the Dean of HYaREFORD, both of whom briefly addressed the meeting on the general question of education, -thereport was adopted, as was also, on the motion of the Rev. H1. AnaLOc, seconded by the Rev. J. H. J,UsEs, a resolution affirming the principle that the Scriptural education of the labouring classes, on which the society proceeded, was one of the primary obligations of civilized so^iety. The thanks of the meeting were unanimously accorded to Her Majesty and the Piince Consort for the continuance of their Royal patronage and support to the society, on the motion of lord J,.w'S STUART, seconded by Mr. SLANEY, and supported bythe Minister from Hayti. A similarcomplimesithaving been paid to the Duke of Bedford, thepresident, for a munificent subscription, and to the noble lord the member for the city of London for presiding over the meeting, Lord JomN RUssELL, who on rising was loudly cheered, said, although he had often had the honour of presiding at meetings of the British and Foreign School Society, yet he had never done so with more satisfaction than on the present occasion. IHe could not but reflect with pleasure that the society still kept up its ancient character-that it united men who belonged to various religious denominations, but who yet united there in teaching the Bible and in bringing the youth of this country to one common school for education. (Cheers.) He could not but reflect upon the many men of virtue and of eminence whom he had seen on the platform of Exeter-hall and of the Borough-road School who had taken part in the society's proceedings. Among those none was more ilustrious than the late Wiiam Wilberforce (cheers)-a man of whom they must have been especially renimded that day when they had heard the MInister ot the empire of Hayti realizing before them that which was the task of Mr. WIlberforce's life-that no difference of colour ought to make a difference in our treatment of men who were, like ourselves, the creatures of the same Lord, and who were ready to worship at the same altars-that no pretence of their inability to bear their part 3ustified the foul institution of slavery, or justified us in keeping up that brand of our then society. (Cheers.) They must have heard from the Minister of the empir of Hayti sentiments which showed how unjust those calumnies were t1hat made that difference of race and of colour a ground for disqualification and disability, or pretended to xaise one set of men to be the masters and tyrants of another. (Cheers.) Upon that platform they used to see the late Bishop Stanley, of Norwich, who while, even upon those occasions, he was always anxious to show his attachment to his own church, and to maintain its superiority, as he thought, over others, yet at the same time did it in such a kindly and benevolent spirit that evry one was pleased to ILten to him, and ready to join int his eloquent sentiments. (Hear, hear.) Among -ether and different communities of Christians was his late frinted Wiliam AUen (cheers), whose whole life was spent in the practice of benevolence, and who, while he considred this a British society, always recollected, at the same time, that it wa-s a foreign one, aid whether in France, Spain, or Raissia, attempted to spread the truths of the Christian religion overthe world. He (Lord J. Russell) thought it was a great proof of the excellence of this society thate such men, diffeiing in many particulars, should have com,bined in its support. He thought aowlikevise, after 5C years of experienoe, that all that had gone by showed the wisdom and the benevolence of the leading principle of the society, and that, although it had not prevailed in England as 1m could have wished it had, yet if fi had prevailed man3 *disensions and much M-blood would have been spared, an( ! we shueld not see so many of these dissensions which al piesent prevented the full and complete diffusion of education. In this socieiy they had never consented to the sepaation ef religion f.om education. (Cheers.) It had ^Deen always maintained, and rightly maintained, that if they educated enly the intellectual part of mau they commnitted a grievouserror. Inthe first place they only gave instruction, instead of education; they instructed a pars, instead of educating the whole. In the next place they were muet with this practical difficulty, that it uwas imn ossible altogether to separate the moral nature from the ^ntel;ectual, and if they did attempt to separate them they 'would find immediately that that moral nature could not be kept in abeyance; that passions would not be kept in -oheek, and appetites would not be allowed to slumber. But, then, on what principles were they to teach that moral nature? If they attempted to do so only on general grounds they would fail, as all philosophers of all ages, even of heathen nations, had acknowledged, along with Christian philosophers and Christian divines. If they e.xcluded the Bible from that teaching they separated it entirely from Christianity, which amounted, as Dr. Arnold had justly said, to a denial of that which they omitted. (Hear, hear.) It was almost an admaision in the face of the youth of this land that Christian principles were not those in which youth ought to be educated. (Hear.) In the first place, then, it was the principle of the society that the religious nature of man should be acknowledged and recognized, and that religious instruction should be given. But, in the next place, it had been, and was still, their principle that the Bible only should be taught, aid that using the words of the Bible, and giving only a plain exposition of those words, they would then leave the children to belong towhatever religious denominationtheir parents and teachers should tlhnk the best. (Hear, hear) That he believed ikewise to have been a wise determination, because, although Christian sects had separated from time to time, they had generally separatedupon solne controvers that raged at the time, and the Catechism or forniulary that had been adopted had been adopted in order to showv that those who adopted it took one side of that controversy, and embraced one opinion rather than the other He was far from saying it was not wise, perhaps even necessary, to adopt those fonuularies from time to time; but as ages passed by those coitroversies vanished, those dissensions disappeared, other differences of opinion arose, and otlser questions required the consideration and delibetion, and perhaps the decision of the religious bodies. The interest of those former dissensions was abated, and therefore when they made it'absolutely necessary to adopt a Catechismn, or formnulary, in the schools, they insisted not onily on the eternal text, but they bound to it the perishable conmmentary. (Cheers.) For those reasons he believed the British and Foreign School Society had taken the right course, and took halfa century ago the right course on ths subject, and he hoped that, however different denominations, thi establislhed church among the rest, might tlink it right to teach, their different formularies, tlhey would at least allow this much of religious liberty, if they would not refuse the teaching of 'he Bible, to those -whose parents did not allow thesis to receive any other religious instruction. (Cheers.) Some gentleman had alluded to decisions-the one taken some tisme ago with respect to a proposal of Sir James Graham, and another taken very recently with respectto the proposals of his own. He was not going into any matter of dispute with respect to those proposals; but he wished to enforce that which had been already said to them, that if it was not right that the Legislature should by any legislative act interfere in the question of education, it became more inciunbent on them ali to endeavour to sread t hat education, and to make it as universal as the number of children who were of the age to require instruction. (Cheers. ) Do notlet tbem decive theiselves by thinking that enough, or nearly enough, had been done on that subject. Not only was there a great portion of the children of the poor running about in the st-rects, or work- ing in tho fields, -without instruction, but much of that which was given as instruction was exceedingly imperfect. No one who would make any inquiries with regard to any of our great towns, or with regard to this metropolis, or the rural districts, could fail to be of that persuasion. A rev. gentleman who had laboured hard on that subject, the Rev. 'Mr. Rogers, of St. Thomas, Charterhouse, and had -written an excellent pamphlet about it, had shown from experience in his Christian ministrations in a district chiefly inhabited bh costermongers how difficult it was to impress on the mnina of a costermonger the necessity for education. ., laugh ) If they went, on the other hand, to any of the rural districts they would find many of the farmers saying that the labourers' sons should not be educated-that they sawN nothing but mischief in it, and in some. instances they insisted that the labourers should not serid their sons to school, but allow them to come to hoe in the turnip field, frighten away the birds, or follow some other occupation which would not lead themn to any very da ngerous degree of knowledge. (A laugh.) Such being the case,-he could hardly ask the question,-was it not their duby to do everything in their power to improve that state of things? It was not the fault of the labourers. WUhen they told him that parents ought to take care that their children should be educated, he asked, with regard to anarish inwhich there was no school, how could the- expect that the labourers out of their small weekly wages could build a school? (Hear, hear.) Wherever it happened that there was a good school in a rural neighbourllood he knew of no instance where the ;artisans or labourers were not willing to send their children to school, and cheerfully subscribe their pence for the education they thus obtained. They wserenot ignorant of the importance of instruction-how much it was for their own benefit that their children should be obedient and well-behaved, and how much their future citeer in life would be advanced by their progress at school, Such beinm the cas-, he (Lord J. Russell) looked a littTe to the contributions and assistance that -were given by the Committee of Council on Education.- Some years ago, in 1839, Lord Iansiowne and himself, being persuaded thae the mere grants by the Treasury were not safficient, established that Committee of Council; and rules had since been framed and contributions given, which, so far as their principle went, had met with general approval, applicable astheyweretothe schoolsofallreligiousdenomination-,which -uilt a school. Bat with respect to the schools to which those contributions went, there had not been yet that gene- rality, that prevalence of those grants, that one conldwigh, if there was to be no general system of education establishedhy the Legislature. (Hear, bear.) fL'they were to have in every parish, by obligation of law, a school, that, school would be conducted of course in accordance with the wishes of the inhabitants of the parish, and the education wo uld be universal; but there were many of those parishes in vhich at present the schools were of a very imperfect nature, so that they did not come up to the requirements of the Committee of Council on Education; and many pereons had told him that they had a tolerably good school; that they asked for the assistance of the Committee of Council on Education, which was granted to them; but that in accepting that aid they had been obliged to lay out as large a sum as they had received from the committee, in order to come up to its requirements. (Flear, hear.) He did not think it was unwise, in endeavouring to establish agood systemof education in this country, to make those requirements, to see that there was a safficient numnber of pupil-teachers, or that, in other matters, the conditions of the Committee of Council had been complied with but, if it was to be said-as now seemed to be the case-that they were to despair of any general system of education, he thought the Committee of Conncil, in cases where they could not procure the erection and maintenance of school of that superior class, ought to be content to have a secondary or inferior class of schools, which in many of the worst and poorest parts of our great townus, and in many parisheswherecthe population was scattered, although farblow the education we should like to see, would still give aneeducationfar superior to the present state ofthingg. (Cheers.) He was struck by the remark of a preceding speaker, who said if, even at a small dame school, it could be shown that the children received good instruction, although the knowledge they obtained at it might not be very extensive or profound, or be mnade the ground for a, certificate, he would have the work which was done made the subject of some fair recompense or acknowledgment. (Hear, hear.) He believed, if they were to depend on grants-as it seemed in future they were very much to depend on them-that nearly all of the religions denominations in this country were wiling to accept tha aid of the State, provided their religious instruction werenot interfered with. (Hear, hear.) Iifthat were to be the case, and they were to look to grants from the State for the improvement of education, he trusted that in that direction. much more would be done than had been hithertk. done. (Hear, hear.) He Vwas convinced himself-he held quite the American persuasion on that subject-that where they had a free country, whera the people were in the enjoyment of great privileges, their national institutions were in danger unless tnose who exercised those privileges were well instructed, and not only knew their rights, but also knew their duties, and would perform the great and responsible task which devolved onx every citizen of a free country -with the consciousness that they had-to answer it to the nation at present, and to their God hereafter. (Lond cheers.) The meeting wasalso brieflyaddressed by Lord R. Grosvenor, iL P., ^Mr. Briscoe, MIr. Wiliam Tooke, andaI. (tl l,nstcur) Verrue. The subscri)tions, to the society during the past year amounted to 1,sC51, of which Her Majesty contributed 1QOI., and the Duke of Bedford 100I.
THE BAND IN THE P.ARKS The following answer has been returned by Sir Benjamin Hall to a maemorial lately presented to him:- " Office of Works, &c., May 9. " Sir,-I am directed by Sir Benjamin Hall to acknowledge the receipt of a memorial to which your signature is attached, and in which a desire is expressed that he should review the whole subject of a band being permitted to play in the Parks on Sundays, and that he will not authorize the renewal of such erformances. "Sir B. Hall had already anticipated the desire of the memoriahsts,-the result of -which has been to confirm him in the conviction that temperate and innocent recreations during some part of each Sunday are most desirable, and are calculated to counteract the rapid increase of drunkenness and the dreadful crimes consequent upon that vice. "' Sir B. Hall begs to remind the memorialists that he is actuated by the same desire as themselves to benefit the real cause of sincere religion and morality, and that, though the memorialists and himself may differ, be has the same legitimate right to his own opinions as themselves, and that it is not impossible that his views of the means to that end may be correct. He has purposely selected such hours for the band to play as need not prevent persons desirous of hearig it from attending divine service twice or even three times onSunday. None are obligedto hear it who do not desire to do so. "The memorialists seem to consider that all who ro to hear the band on Sunday mustbe steeped in sin, and delight only in iniquity. If such is the case they mnst, indeed, have a very bad opinion of their fellow-inhabitants of this -metropolis, when they are informed that no less than 147,352 persons assembled last Sunday in Kensington-gardens and the Regent's Park, and soberly, peaceably, and hap pily enjoyedthem-selves. These numbers formed onetenth of the whole population north of the Thames, and represented all classes of society, from the highest peer of the realm to the hardworking mechanic. "I have, c., "A. D. BERRIMTGTOIJ."-
A HXTN FOR LORD CARDIGAN, TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TMIfES. Sir,-At the present moment, when the Military Ckomiission assembled atChelsea is engaged in sifting the evidencein snpportof theallegedmismanagement ofourCavalry Brigades during the memorable winter of 1854 and 1855, and -Ven the condition of our Light Cavalry after the reconnaissance under Lord Cardigan to the Dobrudscha is still fresh in our recollection, it may be interesting to your numerous readers to be made acquainted with the following facts:- A regiment of Tnrkish Light Cavalry has very lately been added to the cavalry division of the Turkish Contingent, at present quartered at Bnjuk-Tchekmedje in this neighbourhood, and, after a imarch of 41 days, this was its effectiva state on joining head-quarters. In a total strength of 859 horses there was but one sore back, no lanie or sick horse, and only seven sick, mnen; and neither horse nor man left behind on the line of march! This, let me add, isa regiment that has been actively employed during the last 12 months at Eupatoria, wvhence it only landed at Sizeboli in February last, since which time it has been to Tultscha, on the Danube, and has twvice crossed the Balkan in the months of February and March. Its condition, both in regard to nen and horses on reaching Bujuk--Tchekmedge after this long and harassing march was admirable, tnough it had come from Adrianople by forced marches, and had not been balted for a day's rest on the road. These facts speak for themselves, and may serve to convince "Jacob Omnium" that we have a good deal to learn from our Tnrkish allies. I remain, Sir, your faithful servant, HUsSA-. I Uonstantinople, April 2G. I - enciose my card, Wilich Will safficiently Vouch for myI statement.
WASNT OF RURAL POLTCE I- THE WVEST IlDIXcI. -It would he very difficult to make out a case of need if that of t'he West X ding be not one at present. As well might it be said of a house on fire that there is no need of water to put it out. W'hat is the real state of the case7 Is there a night without a robbery, orsome grievous effence. not in one place only, but in a dozen, within a radius of 12 miles ? Sacrilege, arson, house-breaking, horse stealing, hand-grenade-flinging, highway robbery, pigeon-stealing,. shoplifting, sheep-killing, henroost picking, potato-filching, &C., come to us as regular as night and darkness come. On one occasion nine or ten nocturnal visitants with black crape masks and list slippers are fonnd in a house. On another four or five with hca_y bludgeons are descried. At the bed-side in a third house "two only'r present themselves with pistols and oaths. " Five or six, and a dog or two" are discovered in another place. " A light cart withl three men in it" is the modus oprrandi on7 another occasion. But in the generality of cases the opera. tors come and depart unseen, but not unfelt, leavinz behind them painful and costly traces of their presence ana activity. And all this Mr. Ienison, our member, seems to consider the normal state of our neighbourhood !-ono which should not suprise us, should not make us uncomfortable, or nervous, or even angry, but which we should accept as we do the changes of the weather, the keen east wind, or the nipping frost, because there is no remedy against them! "At least," says he, "Sonth Yorkshire 3s not wvorse off than other counties." if this be so, we can only feel for them as we do for ourselves (if we tolerate any longer such a state of things)-pity mningled largely with contempt. But no man svho can see beyond his nose, or above his eyes, will be tongue-tied by such an answcr, even supposing it to be true. To us, -who are nightly disturbed or despoiled, it matters but little howv sleep the fanners in the fens of Lincolnshire, or on the sards of Nottingham. Even the assurance that the hen-roosts of Lancashire -were unsafe, and that cotton-twist avs in danger would afford no consolation. Vielv it in this light:-Aman comes in breathless haste to an emninent physician, crying, " Eir, there are 20 persons in our village dying of cholera; pray come and help us." The doctor answers, " Never mind, my good fellowv; you are no worse off than yovr neighbmirs;, there are 24 dying in the next village." Would it not be difficult to persuade the suppliaut, that whatever the general merits of the physician nmight be, he was anything but useless in such an emergency? With aL deference to our member, we say that it is mere childishness to offer us the very doubtful consolation that we are no worse off than our neighbours. Wi'houit going into the metaphysics of the case, we may say that man never lived, in modern days at least, who did not wisb to be better off than his neighbours. Nor are we in the position of mea -who deserve no he3p because they will not help themselve5, We have done all that we can do. In every village there has been an armed watch; farmers and farmers' servants, clergymen and squires, h&ve been on the qsui vire. But what can they do? 'What canallthe energy and activity of a country parish avail against the apathy and ignoranMce and Ecmnetimes cowardice, of its official Dogberry ind Verges? It is little to say that such officers do not catch thieves-it is true to assert that they do not even hinder them-it is no libel to suspect that they practically assist them. Yet we are, according to the doctrine of our member, to have no other official guardians; because -we are not worms off fhan other counties, and because we can't afford it-*. c, we can afford to lose all, but we cannot afford to pay a smalI price for its protection and our comfort-Donenri;er CG'a .
PABLIAI ETEN_y rnTELLIGEiVCE. EOUSE OF LOIS, FuAY, rTAY 9. The LORD C}J-jCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 Q'CIock. The Erl_ of SHAFTESBURY Presented petitions from Wokdngeam, Reading, and Free Chu rch, Inverness, for dis- ,Edo0w',nient of Maynoetl:; from congregation of Indepen- i den'.s, Liddewell, oagunst compulsory education; fromn 2Prrochial Board of Rnstherglen, against the system of "w ee -awns ' and from Ballyniena, for closing publichouses in fIrelan during Div ne service. EarlFITZWlILLTM! presented a pe'ition fromCambridge, in favour of the Oath of Abjuration BilL Lord WYNFORD Presented petitions from parishes in 1Incolnshire, against the Oath of Abjiration Bill, opening public places of amusement on Sunday, and the abolition of church-rates Lord BROUGHAM presented petitions from the provost and magistrtes of Dundee, against any change in the system of education in Scotland *without a previous and full inquiry into the vhole subject; from the Chamber of Com- i merce of Leeds, obiecting to some parts of the Mercantile Lav Anendment Bill; from the Chamber of Ctommerce of Bristol, in favour of the County Courts Act Amendment Bill; and from Liverpool, against certain clauses in that bill, but praying their lordships to pass it with amendments. The noble and learned lord observed that theirlordships hadl passed a measure for the better collection of agricultural statistics. and he thought it still more important that zrovision should be made for the regular collection of a body oif judicial statistics which would show the operation of the law. He hoped his noble and learned friend (the Lord Chancellor) would take the subject into consideration, and bring in a measure providing for the collection of judi. cial statistics. GENTERA&L WILLIAM-S. Theps Ryesterdalby message hich waxpreseingted to their lorkl- desire that provision should be miade for securing to Sir William Fenwick Williamls a pension of 1O000l. per annum, having been read by the clerk at the tabl e, Earl GRATNVILLE said,-3Iy lords, in pursuance of the notice which I gave yesterday, I rise to perform a very agreeable duty-to submit to youir lordships a proposition which will, I believe, meet with your entire and unanimou concurrence-namely, that we should thank Her Majesty for the gracious message which has just been read, and that we should assure Her Majesty of our readiness to concur in enabling Her Majesty to make provision for securing to Sir William Fenwrick Williams a pen- ion of 1,000?. per annum for the tern of his natural life. I stated yesterday, after giving notice of this motion, that Her Majesty had also been graciously pleased to announce her intention of conferring upon General Williams a baronetcy under the style and title of Sir William Fenwick Williams of Kiars. (Hear, hear.) I believe your lordships are aware that General Williams is an artillery officer in Her Majesty's service. I understand that he was placed in the Royal Artillery Academy at Woolwich by the late Dulke of Kent, and, wsithout being able to specify exact dates, I may state that he was sent out on special service to Ceylon' where for about nine years lie discharged the duties of an engineer. In 1S43 General Williams was appointed, by the noble earl on the benches belowr me, a commissioner for examining into the boundary between the Turkish and Persian territories, a work of very great hardship and difficulty, in which he was occupied about nine years,four of wvlich were actually passed under canvxss. During that time the life of General Williams was frequently in great danger, and he was also exposed to the deadly diseases whiclh are peculiar to the climate. A noble friend of mine, who is not now in the house, told me the other day Nwith some pride-pride which I could easily understand-that his gallant father, Lord Vivian, was the person who selected Captain Williams, as he then was, tc be sent out to instruct the Turks in artillery practice,-an arm in which thiey have shown, duing the Late war, that they have rot neglected the lessons of their European instructors. General Williams, fronm the peculiar experience he had gained, was selected by the noble earl near me and by the Secretary of State for ForeignAffairs to go out ai Her Majesty's commissioner to the Turkish army in Asia, and I think the event has proved that a more fit appointment has scarcely ever been made. General Williams appears to have arrived at Erzeroum in September, 1854, and a few days afterwards he reached K-ars. The events of the memorable siege of Kars are well known to yolu lordships, and although the military operations at Kars and at Silistria cannot fail to give us the highest satisfaction on account of the valuable services which were rendered at both places byEnglish officers, yet painful occurrences took place during the 14 months of General Williams's command at Kars which I shall not recall to your lordships' recollection. Such a retrospect would, I think, be most inappropriate on the present occasion, and I am the better enabled to avoid that retrospecl because the whole question relating to those occurrences, and the parties to whom blame attached, has been incidentally discussed in this house, and has beer debated in the other house on a specific motior upon which a vote was taken. I am, therefore, re lieved from the necessity of entering into ouesticn< relating to the British Government or to the British amb.as sador; and still more should I think it unbecoming to ponn out any deficiencies -which may have been thought to exis on the part of our allies, the Turks. With regard to thZ merits of General Williams himself, I have felt very strorg' the danger of exaggeratingthose merits, Even during the last twoyear-,When exaggeratedblamnehasbeen attachedto person. both living and dead, we have seen reaction in proportion te the previous exaggeration; and, in the case of a person whc happens to be a popular idol for the moment, any exaggera. tion of praise maybe followed by a corresponding and still more painful reaction. Having consulted all the evidence to which it was in my power to refer-the official letters of General Williams, the book of Dr. Sandwith, one of his associates, and the popular accounts of the siege contained in the press-I am bound to say that I have failed to discover an ground for that sort of discriminating criticism which might give additional -weight to the praise I wish to bestow. At the commencement of General Wvilliams's correspondence there appears tobe a tone which, if -we had not knowvn that it was so completely justified by subsequent events, might have appeared a little querulous. Those events put any such criticism completely out of the question. There is only one point with respect to which I conceive that General Williams has - not exhibited the greatest nuaities of a general, and that is entirely owing to his not having had the opportunity of showimn what are his powers of manocuvring a large army in the hfeld. W% ith regard to every condition required from a general, Sir W. Williams appears to have fulfilled them alL I remember a celebrated passage in the work of a great historian of war in another country, which has been quoted as applicable to the most distinguished soldier o' whom this country can boast, and which describes the qualities that ought to be possessed by a great general. If I recollect rightly the principal points mentioned are theze -that not only ought a general to be an engineer, not only ought he to be a geographer, not only ought he to be learned in human nature and adroit in manazing men, not only ought he to possess qualities which would' enable him almost to fulfil the duties of a Minister of State, but he should be able to descend to the more humble, but not less necessary, duties of a commissary or a clerk. Now, going through a!l these conditions, it appears to me that they have been fulfilled by General Williams. I have mentioned his services at Ceylon, where, in a tropical climate, he discharged the duties of an engineer. I have stated that Isis services as a geographer were great and eminent. It is impossible to read his despatches, which were written under considerable pressure; it is impossible to observe th- manner in which he dealt with persons who were placea in authority; it is impossible to notice the vigorous measures which, when he had the power, he adopted for reorganizing the whole defences of Kars and for provisioni- the town-objects which he accomplished in an incredibTy shortspace of time-without feeliuig that he pos. sesses some of the most important qualities of a Minister of State. WhNen I remember, also, that the only European aid lie had was, I believe, the very able assistance of 51r. Churchill, it is clear that he mnst often have descended to act as a commissary and a clerk. Then, with regard to a knowledge of human nature and of how to manage men, I do not believe it possible to find an instance in which, considering the difficulties of his position and the different grades and religions of those with whom he had to deal, any one has showvn himself superior to General Williams. His principle seems to have been this -VWhen he discovered a man in whom he could safely trust he reposed implicit confidence in him, and did not restrict his action by any jealous or petty interference. For the wellbeing of the masses whose interests he was bound to regard he displayed the highest degree of generous philanthropy, while, on the other hand, he possessed the no less valuable quality of being as inflexible as iron to those whom ho found incapable of good. By his rare tact and wonderful moral and intellectual energy he was able to effect a junction between Clristians and Mussulmans never beforewitnessed. This circumstance istliomoregratifyingas at is an auspicious omen of the happy results likely to flow from the recent hatti-aheriff which the Sultan has so liberally grontedto his Christian subjects. (Hear, hear.) If anytn g were wanted to complete our senise of the high reputationof General Wiliams, it would be the respect which hass been shown to him by a magnanimous foe. My noble friend the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, at the banquet in the city of London the other night, read a letter from General Williams, warmly describing the kindness which he and his party received from the Russian comnma.nder, and bearing grateful testimony to the exceeding huma nity with w hicL General 2louravieff treated not only the English, but the Txrkish portion of the garrison of Kars. My lords, I hardly know anything more cal- culated to engender -- k rindly -faing between this country and the great nation with zwbidh we have ceased to be at war than this example of one of dhe men whose actions have won for him the highest distinci.on in our recent military history receiving these mark.s Gi respect from the Russian co mmander who has been the most fortunate of a ll the Ru-ssian generals e mploye in tle intL struggle. (Hear, hear.) I am sure, mny lords, it would not ho becoming-nor svonud it be the wish of General Williamslthat I abould ,f this occasion omit all alusion to the galant menu who 3rEidered him their valuable co-oper-ationa Ha,ha- ,ong them none has exhibiMd greater the or (ner,y tha'kio Colonel Lake (cheers), the] system of fO esignation toh'te bsy fbhom, I am informed by those well qualified to ,speak on such a point, was of the most admirable 121d effective description. 1 understandI that the fort named afer this talented officer was perfectiv impregable whie te oters ereso ingemiously7 construtedby bns hatnoneof hemcould be atttac'ked ~Jsot exosig th asailats o the miost destructive~ Sogrea, ideed wastheengineering sklln of Coloel Ikg tat h ha recivedthe engation of "1the ~rodtlben o ~ ~ea~ her.) A9thepofficer detery. ing of great commendation is M'jor Thompson, who was seriousLy wounded in the first campaign, and who returned to his native country in ill-health, after an absence of -10 years. He remained here orly 10 days, or hardly longEnough to do morethanembracelhismother, when he immediately started for Kars, which he reached in a crippled-. state, and conducted himsdf in defence of that fortress with a gallantry beyond all praise. (Hear, hear.) Another name that will live in the annals of English military discipline is that of Major Teesdale. (Hear, hear.) This gallant gentlemsa-n being only 23 years old, and of very boyish appearance there would have been somethir,g almost ridiculous were it rot for the high testimony borne to his merits, in seeing him acting in the absence of General Williams, and daily consulted on matters aEke of the greatest importance and the minutest detail. by all the gray-headed generals of the Turkish army. (Hear, hear.) y lords, I know nothino tending more to illustrate the usual characteristics of lEnglish offices-courage, modesty,I and humanity-than the incid'ent mentioned in Dr. Sand- ' with's interesting book-viz, that the writer and his com. panions learnt for the first time from thelRussians that they| ad seen Major Teesdale ump from the walls of the fort in wvhich he wvas st< tioned amid a shower of bullets to rescue a wounded officer of the enemy. (Hear, hear.) Next in' sucoession comes Dr. Sandwith, and I am glad to includo acivilian among the other heroes of this scene. (Hear:) This gentlenian foLund the hospitals destitute of every requisite for an army in the field, and, in spite of enormous drificulties, placed them insshtt of order which would docredit to hospitals nearer home; while, by the peculiar talent w.-hich appears to have belonged to him in common with all his Enslish comspanions, he also obtained an influence over the 'Ijirkish assistants which stood him in good stead. I am not surprised to hear that Dr. Sandwith exposed hiniself in the field under a most severe fire, in orderto discharge the duties of his profession, because we have been accustomed to the same devotion on the part of all the distinguished medical men attached to the army in the Crimea - liut I think it reflects infmite credit on him that-i notwithstanding the ample excuse afforded him by his multifarious civil occupations for declining to undertake ainy other duty-during the avholo of those clreary nionths spent by our brave countrymen in Kars, he never shrank from the fearful night work amid which no exposed part of the fortifications was ever allowed to be left for an instant without a European eye to watch it; and this, too, at a period when the cold wvas so intense that even the running streams assing through that town were converted into soli ice. (Cheers.) I have nowv mentioned to your lordships some incidents -which go to prove that, while men may make themselves glorious with the s-word, it yet requires a pen in other bands to make them famous. (Hear, hear.) These brave gentlemen will no doubt, reap the reward of their gallant conduct while continuing to pursue the path of honour and utility in their several callings; yet I feel convinced that theywillregardthe eoaplimentnowpaidto General WNiilliams as reflecting some of its lustre on themselves. (Hear, hear.) Before I sit down I cannot forbear from saying a wvordalthough it forms no part of my present task-in recogniition of the aid rendered to our countrymien by the foreigners with whom they were associated. Great praise is due to General Kmety, wshom, as he is not likely to be recompensed by his ow n country, I should be the more loth to omit to name on this occasion. (Hear.) I have already observed that there are reasons w hy I should refrain from adverting to the conduct of the Turkish Government- but no such considerations of delicacy need prevent me, from exepressing what I believe to be the unanimous opinion of your lordahips in regard to the behaviour of the Turk-ish soldiers, than w hom no troops have evinced in a higher degree the military -virtues of courage, patience, sobriety, and frugality. (HJear.) A striking evidence of this was seen in the fact that in the midst of famine these brave men guarded the provisions of the al-my under the enemy's fire, and rather than touch the food intrnsted to their charge p referred to die of hunger at their posts. (Cheers.) My lords having briefly stated the reasons whly I trust you -will unanimously concur in this motion, I have nowt only to move that,- " That a humble address be presented to Her Majesty to return Her lMajesty' the thanks of this }3euse for Her Majesty's most gracious message informing this Hfouse that Her Majesty is desirous of conferring a signal mar'k of her favour and approbation on Major-General Sir William Fenv;zck Williams, .C.B., for the eminent aznd distinguished services rendered by him as Her Majesty's Commissioner at the head-quarters of the Turkish armey in Asia, and particularly in the gallant defence of liars, and to assure H[er Majesty that this HIouse will cheerfully concut in enabling Her Mlajesty to mak:e provision for seemling to Sir William Fenw,ick WYilliams a pension of 1,0001. per annum for the term of his natural life." The motion w,as agreed to nessz. con. ORDER jOE BUSIN=ESS. Lord REDESDALEmoved that this House wil not read any bill a second time after Tuesday, the 22d day of July, except bills of aid or supply, or any biUlin relation to wShich the House shallhave resolved, before the second reading is moved, that the circumstances which render legislation on the subject of the same expedient are either of such recent occurrence or real urgency as to render the immediate cons!deration of the same necessary. itThe Marquis of CLANEICARDE, while admitting that itwas desirable to avoid as much as possible all hasty and ill-considered legislation, expressed a hope that the resolution would be interpreted in a liberal spirit, and that it would not be permitted to imped'e the progress of reaLly important measures wvhich required to be passed without delay. The Earl of DERBY hoped that a distinction w ould be draw;n between " importanice" and "unrgency," for a measure mip,ht be ulrgent sithout being important, and important without being urgent. (Hear, hear.) It might be that the more important a bill was, the greater the necessity that it should be brought forw-ard at a sufficiently early pecried to allow of its receiving mature deliberation. Their Iordshipsweuld do wellto make it a rule not hastily to accept bills, however important, unless it could be shown that there was anl urgent necessity for passing them without delay. (Hear.) Earl GREY concurred in this opinion, and observed that the distinction in question had been lost sight of last year, wvhen their lordships consented, on the plea of "imp ortance," to pass at a very late period of the session a bill so imper-feet in its provisions that the first thing the Government did on the re-assembling of Parliament was to introduce another measure to subvert it altogether. (Hear.) The resolution under consideration was ewxcellent in principle, and it was incumbent on independent memnbers on both sides of the house to take care that it was adhered to in the spirit in which it had been proposed. IEarl GRA?ILLE, admitting that the resolution was justifiable in principle and well calculated to have a salutary effect in both HIouss of Parliaent, yet hoped that there would be no very stringent application of it (hear, hear); for they could not blind themselves to the fact that arguments might he nrged against it, and that an unpleasant feeling might arise in the other house if their lordships should declare that, come what might, they would " strike worki" on a certain day, and refuse to entertain measures the immediate enactment of which might he imperatively demanded by the public interests. Such a course would be unprecedented, and scarcely constitutional. At the same time he folly acknowledged the value of the distinction between "imnportance" and "urgency," and onlyp retested against too strict and unbending an adherence to the letter of the resolution. Its spirit he would rehigiously respect, though reserving to the Government the right of exiercising a discretions as to the particular measures that should be regarded as "uargent." The Earl of MALIESBURY observed that, after what had fallen from the noble lord, there seemed but too much reason to apprehend that the G;overnment meant to act this session inthiesamemsanneras last, andto introduce important measures at a very late period. If so, the independent members wsould have to take the matter into their own hands. E3arl GRANVIILE objected te any such interpretation of his words. He had protested against too stringent an application of the rule, hut had accompanied his protest with a declaration of his intention to act in the spirit of the resolution. (Hear, hear.) Lord PREDESDALE replied, observing that, so far from there being any unplesant feeEin6 between the two Houses on the subject of the resolation, the Commons were eminently favourable to it. The resolution was agreed to. CAPITAL PUNISHMlENT. The Bishop of OXFOa D rose to move for a select committee on the present mode of carrying into effect capital panishments. He did not ask their lordships to express any opinionwhether ornotweshould maintaing the present system of carrying into expecationcapital punishment, but only so far to agree that it was a matter on which there miaht be two good opinions as to refer the consideration of the quesion to a select committee, Re thought it would take very little argunment to showv that there was so fairsa presumption that a considerable alteration might with advantage be made in the mode in which these punishments were carried out, that it was not aureasonable to ask their lordships to inquire into the matter. The great question for considera- tion was not whether executions should be public or private,-for private executions, in the proper sense of that word, would be altogether intolerable in this country-but whatshould be themeasureand thenature of the publicity attending them. (Hear, hear.) Upon inquiry he thought it would appear that the present system provided publicity in the sense that it made these executions a public spectacle. That was an evil; and if it were possible to devise a plan by which the present deter- ring inl;uence which attended an execution should be preserved, while the demoralizing influences which must necessarily accompany the makingof the violent death of a fellow-creature a public spectacle should be avoided, he thought their lordships would be of opinion that such a change would be a wholesome and desirable one. He need not argue that great evils arose from the present system. 'Whether it was attended by a corresponding good was another question. The great moralist, Fielding, whose opinion was founded aza his experience as a police magistrate, had declaredmthat he had come to the conclusion that one of the main causes of the increase of crime in the metropolis, especially of robberies, was the moral effect of the spectacle of a public execution, and the way in which among the world a man was, if he died what they called "game," elevated to the rank of a hero. Dramatists, when they wished to produce a moral effect by the death of one of their characters, did not exhibit that death upon the stage, but relied rather uwon a narration of t he circumstance attending it than upon the actual exhibitic, n of the termination of lfe Nor did he believe that any v-f their lordships would seed their son to a public exe- cution with the view of deterrig himn from the commission of crime. In America, where the English system at first prevailed, there bad been substituted for it a mode of carrying ex~ccuttils into effect before prescribed witnesses, with a sufflcsnbt shovig of the man who was to sruffer and~ aaffic,ejt pFlroh for thsz- ~ku n gthat he actually suffbred death - and he (the Bishop of Oxford) had been informed by an eminent citizen of the United States ihat, although there was at first much prejudice against this system, he did not believe that there was at present in America a single person who would wish to return to that which it had superseded. A similar system had for many yearn been pursued in Prussia, and there was at present before the Lower Chamber of the idngdom of Bavaria a measure proposed by the Ministers for the introduction of such a system into that country. If public executions were a means of deterring from crime, their horrors oupht to be exhibited to the fullest extent; but so far was this from being the case, that the whole course of recent legislation had been to diminish the horror attending them. These facts showed that there was a probable reason for believing that ichangemight beimade vhich would secure all the benefits of a public execution, withoat the evils of thc present system. These evils were not confined to so hardening men that they came to regard the death of a fel-- low creature as the occasion on which he should exhibit a miserable spirit of obduracy and hardness. Therewas a wholly different class of evils attending the present system, and arising from the fact that it every year became more difficult to carry into effect the last sentence of the lawv in cases in which it ought to be carTied out. This was a most important consideration. There could be no greater evil in *,riminal legislation than to have severe penalties fitfully cxrried into effect. The more you ,educed punishnientEto a cert.ainty the greater w ould be its deterring influence. As a matter of fact there had of late years been very few execations of wvomen even for the very highest offences. It was not for either House of Parlianent to examine in detail the cases in which the Royal prerogative of mercy had been extended to criminals. It was of greatrmoment that that prerogative should be reserved truly and really as an attribute of the Crown, to be exercised, of course, upon the advice of the responsible Minister; but ho must notice that where in a string of cases of murder, accompanied vwith every aggravation, mercy was, for no reason which met the public eye, extended to the offender, there must necessarily be held out to the classes disposed to offend in the greatest degree the expectation of escaping the last sentence of the law. (Hear, hear.) Their lordships wouldknow that it was not without reason that he noticed this. (Hlear, hear.) He would not in the leastquestion the exercise of the Royal prerogative, but he must say that he was wholly unable to see whyin some cases mercy had been extended to the offender. (Hear, hear.) When a -woman appointed a child of five years old to meet her at a certain place and there dyed her ow n hand in its blood, wvith the deliberate malicious intention of thereby inflicting a wound upon the mind of its father, lie could hardly conceive a stronger case for the forfeiture of life, if life were in any case to be forfeited to the law. The object of punishment was to deter from crime, but this could not bc done unless we declared that by the ordinance of God civil society was to punish the criminal in His behalf. The very foundations of civil society rested upon the declaration that it was God's institution, and our right to punish vas based on the same foundation. The civil magistrate bore the sword on God's behalf. If the necessity of making the last penalty of the lawv a mere spectacle created great difficulty in carrying the sentence into effect in cases where it ought plainly to be carried out, their lordships would make themselves responsible for that accidental removal and accessory to the fitful execution of the law, unless they inquired into the nature and extent of that necessity. Another question might arise-w hether the present mode of execution was the best; but that -would be merely incidentaL. The right rev, prelate concluded by moving for a select coummittee on the present mode of carrying into effect capital punishment. Lord CA3IPBELL concurred entirely in the sentiments of the right rev. prelate. He had long felt the great evils of public executions. They had been described by Fielding and another novelist not inferior to him, Mr. Charles Dickens, and he hoped the efforts of the right rev. prelate to mitigate those evils would be crowned with success. StiU very great evils might arise from privat executions. There was a strong feeling against them in th public mind. He remembered, when in the House of Commons that a proposal to substitute private for public executions was brought forward by Mr. Rich, wvho thereby incurred great obloquy. It was said that he wished to smother the criminal or to poison him-in fact, that he would open new scenes of horror which would excite the universal indignation of the country. The proposal met with no sort of support. No doubt there had since been a great alteration ir. public feeling. Private executions had been introduced into America with good effect. He was not prepared at present to give any distinct opinion of his ownr upon the subject, but he thought there ought to be an inquir, and it might, perhaps, turn out that means could be eysed to obviate the great objections which were at present made to private executions. It was said that the public would never be convinced, if executions were private, that sentences had been carried into effect. In the case of Governor Wall, the governor of Goree, who was convicted-improperly convicted in his opinion-of the murder of a soldier, the public feeing was ferociously strong against him, and, as the Government were reluctant to carry the sentence into effect, it was said that if executions had been private some device would have been resorted to, and that he never would have been executed. If the committee had been moved for with the intention of substituting some other instrument of punishment-the guillotine for instance-he should not have supported it. Lord REDESDALE said that, though fully aware of the great evils of public executions, he was not so completely convinced by the right rev, prelate's argument as to admit the necessity of a change. It would be extremely difficult, for instance, to substitute private for public executions an political offences. luch, however, might be done to lessen that feeling of morbid excitement which the spectacle seemed to excite in certain low minds. Means might be taken to conceal the struggles of the criminal from the view of the spectators, and to shorten those struggles when they were likely to be long. The effect of the non-execution of women for the murder of their children, and the consequent encouragement in the minds of a certain class of women, that this was an offence: which would not be punished by the last sentence of the law, could not have escaped the attention of any one who was in the habit of reading the daily papers. Scarcelya day passed but there was an account of some woman having murderedher offspring in one part of the country or the other. He believed this arose in a great degree from the desire evinced by judges, juries, and all concerned in the trial to get these women off upon some subterfuge, and from the fact that there had not been a single instance, he believed, for the last few years of the e.xecution of a woman for this offence, even when of the most aggravated description. The Marquis of LAINSDOWNE said that, speaking for himself, he should not consent to the appointment of the committee if he understood the right rev. prelate as contemplating the substitution of what might be called strictly private executions for public executions. At the same time he must observe, in answer to the argument that pu.blic executions rendered it certain to the people that the real criminal had been executed, that the tumreult, mobbing, and disgraceful proceedings attending public executions someties created a doubt among the lower or ders whether the e.xecution of the proper person had taken place; and he remembered that, with respect to a very celebrated person, Dr. Dodd, a belef prevailed at the time, to a considerable extent, that he had not been executed at all. He thought the publc ought to feel very much indebted to the right rev, prelate for directing the attention of Parlament to this subject, for he believed that a more becoming and decorous mode of carrying executions into effect might be adopted than that which at present existed. Lord DINGAI7NON said that recent events showed that public executions, instead of operating to deter from crime, had rendered the vulgar mind hardened and callous; but it did not follow if the present public e.xhibitions were abolished, that the executions must be altogether secret. The noble lord then referred to some recent commutations of the capital punishment, and said that he concurred in what had fallen from a noble lord, that the great number of child murders was to be attributed to the very few executions which had followed such offences. The Bishop of OXFORD, in reference to what had fallen from the noble marquis (Lansdowne), mentioned the case of the Duke of MIonmouth, as an additional instance of the uncertainty as to the death of the proper person which existed even under the system of public executions. In consequence of what had fallen from the noble and learned lord, he wished it to be understood that he exceedin;ly objected to the adoption of any mode of execution which would cause the shedding of blood. The motion for the appointment of a select committee was then agreed to. BANKRUPTCY (SCOTLAND) BILL. The LORD CHI ANCELLOR moved the second reading of this bill, observing that it had been introduced into the House of Commons by the Lord-Advocate. The bill consolidated existing statutes and made also certain amendments in the law. It did away with the distinction in!Scotland between insolvency and bankruptcy, thus enabling a compulsory distribution of the property of any insolvent person, whether trader or not, to take place. It also proposed that a banlkrupt in England should be deemed a bankrunpt in Scotland; that the Sheriff's Court should have co-ordinate jurisdiction with the Court of Session in the adjudication of bankruptcy; and that an officer or accountant should be appointed to control and examine the accounts of the trustees in whom, by tho practice of Scotland, the administration of the effects of insolvents was vested. The bill was then read a second time. The Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up Acts Amendment Bill was read a third time, with certain amendments, T ICET-OF-LEAVE SYSTE.L Viscount DUNGANNON, who had a motion on the paper condemnatory of the ticket-of-leave system, said, he appeared before their lordships under some difficulty, because, since he gave notice of his resolution, the subjec had been discussed at considerable length, and a noble earl had intimated his intention to move for a comnmittee of inquiry. He believed that the system of granting tickets of leave was a serious and growing eviL Its bad effects had been experienced in all parts of the country. Some sup- osed that giving a man a ticket of leave was conferring a eoon upon him; but the very reverse was the fact. He was regarded as a man atliberty upon sufferance merely, liable at any time to undergo the remainder of his sentence; he was taunted by his felows, and could get no employment. If criminals were to be released after a short period of imprisonment it would be much better to send them forth as free men altogether, without any ticket of leave; let them consider themselves absolved from the rest of their sentence, and, although they might remain known to and under the vigilance of the pole, the community would imagine thatthey had received a full pardon for their goed conduct. Unless some decided steps were spceedily adopted the session would pass away without anytbiu g being done; but he should not press his resolution if he wvere assured that a select committee would soon be appointed to whom the question could be referred. It was obsolutely essential for the public good that some change should be made. He had received a retarn from the head constable of Liverpool, which showed that during the last 16 months, out of 6S persons who had obtained tickets of leave, and who were known to the police of that town, no fewer than 66 had again been convicted for trial, iSnch was one ins'aWAce olut of many of the evil conse. I quences of the present system He hoped, therefore, that some member of the Government would give him an assurance that no delay would talke place inte appointment of a committee of aquiry; if not, ho should considerith duty to press the resolution of which he. had given notice. Lord BERNERS believed that the ticket-of-leave system had riroduced great moral and social evils, and ought to be abolished. In the county of Leicester many ticket-of-leave men had relapsed into crime. The system, in short, had proved a complete failure, and the sooner it was got rid of the better. The Duk-e of ARGYLL assured the noble viscount that there was no disposition on the part of the Government to throw any obstacles in the way of an inquiry into the. operation of the tiket-of-leave system. The question was nOw in the hands of E3arl Stanhope, who had postponed for a'certain time the nomination of his COmnmittee, the appointment of which was notoonly not opposed, but even urged upon him by members of 'the Government as wellas by other noble lords, because a precisely similar inquiry was nowin progress before a select committee of the otherElouse. But the noble earl intended to proceed with his committee.I andcertanlytheGovernmentwould offernooppositiontohim The noble marquis opposite had complained the other day that he (the Duke of Argyll) had quoted a report which was not in the hands of the other members of the louse; but the maps and tabular statements were fast approaching completion, and the report would speedilybe placed in their lordships' hands. He must, however, remmnd the noble marquis that reports which showed the working of the ticketof-leave system from its introduction in 1853 to the end of 18a4 w^ere before the House, and they proved that, in the four or fve prisons to which they related, the proportion of recommittals to that of convicts released on tickets of leave was very small. In many cases satisfactory information had been received that ticket-of-leave men were obtaining honest aud industrious livelihoods, and there was evidence to show that in some instances they had relapsed into crime in consequsnce of the difficulty they experienced in obtaming employment. It appeared from a return which had' been laid upon the table of the House of Comnmons and which would be embodied in Colonel- Jebb's report, that the total number of convicts liberated on ticlkets of leave since the commencement of the system was upwards of 5,000, while the number of recommitments had only been 420. He did not mean to say that it was not desirable, so far as the people of this country were concerned, that convicts should be sent to distant colonies; but at present such an arrangement was impracticable, and they must therefore do their best with convicts at home. IThe Marquis of SALISBURY was understood to say that the results or Colonel Jebb's reports, which had been published in the newspapers, scarcely bore out the statement of the noble dule, ^and that he thought it was rather unfair that the noble dike should take credit for the success of a system upon the authority of documents which were not upon their lordships' table. He believed that the evils of, the system would be considerably lessened if notice was given to the police when ticket-of-leave men were sent back to the country. It was said that such a systemi would prevent these men from obtainig employment, but he complained that no attempt had been made on the part of the Government to provide persons in such a situation with work if they were unable to obtain it in any other way. The consequence was, that it was impossible to take up a newspaper without finding accounts of tick-et-of-leave men being charged with crimes; and the effect of the ticket-of-leave system was to create an impression throughout the country that sentences passed by lthe judges would not be carried out, a^nd that crime might d wmmttivthout danger of punishment. He feared !that if his noble friend (Lord Dnnganron) forbore to press his motion nothing would be done wvith reference to this subject during the present session. The Duke of ARGYIL said that the blue-books already upon the table showed the workig of the ticket-of-leave i system for upwards of a year. It appeared that at Portland p prisoners had been discharged with licences to the end of 1854, of whlom only four were returned to the prison with their hicences revoked. At Dartmnoor prison, up to the same period, 467 prisoners were liberated on tickets of leave, and only three of these convicts were !sent back to the prison inI consequence of their ' licences having been revoked. The chaplain stated i that he had heard of five more who had become inmates of I prisons, but that he was daily receiving letters stating that Imen who had been discharged on tickets of leave were doing well, and were obtaining an honest livelihood. Froma Portsmouth prison 358 convicts had been discharged on tickets of leave, only one of whom had been returned to the prison vith his licence revoked, and satisfactory accounts had been received, directly or indirectly, of the condauct of many of the released prisoners. 3i[e (the Duke of Argyli) had never asserted that the ticket* f-leave system had been entirely successful, for a sufficient X time had not elapsed since its introdluction to justify any conclusion as to its efficiency, but, so far as the experiment had been tried, there was every reason to hope that it would E ultimately succeed. L lord DUNG;1NtON said that, if the noble duke would cause inquiries to be made of magistrates in agricultural districts and in populous manufacturing towns, he would find that the results of the ticket-of-leave system were of the most fearful and mischievous character. He hoped that an inquiry would be instituted on the subject without any unnecessary delay, and that a committee would be named soon after the lVhitsuntide recess. If such a course was not taken he should deem it his duty to agitate the question until it received the consideration to wvhich he thought it was entitled, and which the public security demanded. For the present, however, he was content to withdraiw the motion of which he had given notice. Their lordships then adjoumed till Monday, the 19th inst.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, itiDAY, MAY 9. The SrEAr=n took the chair at 4 o'clock. NEW MIEMBER& Captain BErKELEY took the oatlhs and his seat for Cheltenham. The Scottish Drainage and Improvement Company Bill war read a third thee and passed. Petitions against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill were presented, by Mr. DEEDES, from the board of guardians of the Dover union; by Mr. GREC.soY, from the ILaucaster board of guardians; by Mr. Enuc, from the guardians of the Newsy Union; by M1r. F. SCULLY, from the board of guardians of the Clogeen and Tipperary Unions; by Mr. MonNxRAy, from the guardians of the poor of Houghton-le-Spring Union, in the county of Durham; by Mr. WICKHAm, from the guardians of the Bradford Union, in the county of York; by Sir W. CLAY from the guardians of the Stepney Union; by Mr. PEEL, from the guardians of the Bury Union, Lancashire; by Mr. T. DuxCO=BE, from Clerkenwell; and by Colonel GILPLmr, from the guardians of the Leighton-Buzzard Union in the county of Bedford. Petitions against the endowment of Maynooth were presented, by Mn. CRAUFurD, from the miimister and elders of the Free Church of Ochiltreo, Ayrshire; by Mr. M. SarTIr, from Tunbridge; by Sir H. DAnE, from Lauder; by Sir 3. ANDE.RSON, from the Free Presbytery of Stirling; by Sir J. MATSLESON, from Ailness, Rossshire; by Mr. WICsiAr, from the inthabitants of the townships of Mnnninghasn and Stanningley, in the West Riding of Yorkshire; and by Mr. ROBERTSON, from Newenden, Kent. Petitions were also presented in favour of the Wills and Administration Bill by Mr. DEEDES, from attorneys and solicitors of Ashford, Kent; by Mr. M Sxtim, from the attorneys and solicitors practising at Gravesend; by Sir B. Fnr, from attorieys and solicitors practising at Tenterden, in the county of Kent; and by Mr. BrocrcAy, from theattorneys and solicitors practising at lFolkestone; in favour of decimal coinage, &c., by Mr. BROwN, from watch and clockmakers in the employ of Mr. Roskell, Liverpool, aud from lock-makers in the employ of Messrs. Hobbs, Ashley, and Co., London; andby ir. Knlsx, from Keady ; against the arrestment of worknen's wages for debt, by Mr. BLACKBURN, from Deansdon, Stirlingshire; by Sir J. ANDERSON, from upwards of 1,000 persons in the employment of Messrs. D. and J. Macdonald and Co., Glasgow; and by Mr. Du.-Lor, from the St. Rol Flax-milis, Glasgow; against the Church-rate Bill, by Mr. hi. Sania, from Tunbridge, and by Mr. D PRAE, from Westbury, Taplow, and Great Horwood ; by Sir JumEs ANDERsoN, of Stirlin, from the United Presbyterian congregation of Inverkeithing, against all grants for religious teaching in Ireland; byMr. G. DUNCAN, from the Presbytery of Dundee, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; from the directors of the Public Seminaries of the Royal burgh of Dundee, in favour of the bill ; aud fromthedirectorsof thePublic Seminaries of the Royal burgh of Dundee, in favour of the Burgh School (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. HADFIELD, from the members of the Baptist chapel at Millwvood, Yorkshire, against the amendments proposed by Government to the Churchrate Bill, and for the total abolition of church-rates; by Mxr. COWA, from the workers with Robert Fulton and Co., Glenlield, in the county of Renfrew, praying the House to pass an act to limit the hours of labour in bleachworks and to regulate the heating of stoves, &c. ; by Mr. BL,CKBURN, from the parochial board, Polmond, against the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill; by Dr. W. MIaOIELL, from the inhabitants of Brighton, against the Medical Bill; also from Dr. W. Forbes Laurie, ELD.E., of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, from inhabitants of Brighton, and from Dr. Howard Johnson, Finchley, against the Vaccina. tion Bill; byMr. ALcoos, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropoh complaining of the gross fraud in the hay and straw trade by Mr. WJ. Fox, from ladies resiang at Brighton, for a rectification of tle laws relating to the property of married women ; by Sir ML S. STEWART, from the Kirk Session of Newark, and fron the minister and elders of St. George's, Paisley, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) mBin- and from the magistrates of Neilston in fovour of the Bleaching Bill; by General ARBacTnunor, from two parishes, against the Removal of Nuisances Bill; and trom the parish of Bewer against the Parish Schools Bill (Scotland); by Mr. Musny, from Etvall, in Derbyshire, against the abolition of church-rates withont an equivalent; and from the clergy of the deanery of Budbourn, complaining of the unequal mode of assessing tithe-rent charge; by Mr. G. DUNDAS, from the Kirk Session of Boness. and from Torpichen, county of Linlithgow, aginst the Lord-Advocate's Education Bill; by Mr. FLOYRE, from Puddletown, Dorset, against the abolition of church-rates; by Mr. BAILEY, from certain colliery proprietors and others in the counties of Glocester, Moxnmouth, and Glamorgan, in favour of the extension of the Bailwvay and Canal Prfic Act, 1854, with certai qualifications-* by Mr. WRN31ER, from Norwich, for the separation of church and .State in Ireland; by Sir G. B3. PECHIELL, from the directors and guardians of the pooria the parish of Brighton, under the powers of a local act,com. plaining of the provisions in the bill before the House ostensibly for the relief of the poor, but proposing that the Gilbert incorporation should be dissolved by the Poor-law Board withont the consent of the guardians, as provided by the statute 4th and oth of William IV., which recognises their independence; and as the position of parishes under local acts andof Gilbert's Act are, in some respects, snnilar the petitioners are naturaly apprehensive that a similar attempt may be made in respect of parishes lik Bighton baving local acts ;- they therefore -prayed that the clauses in the bill might be expmigea-*hich htve'for their object the dissolution of the G=lbert incorporatios without the consent of theguardians, is provided yhibe,Poornlaw Act 4th and 5th of Wiliam IV.; by Sir W. CLAY, from the friend5 of religious liberty at-Alfreton, Wingfield, and the inhabitants-' of Eccleshall, for the abolitionsof church-rates- also frorn the inhabitants of Whitechapel; against the Metropolis' Local Management Bill; by Mr. BELI, from Tunbridge.c Wells, against church-rates; by Mlr. STneIPG, fromn theinahabitants of Cromarty, Tobermory, the Presbytery of F6rfar, and the Kirk Session of Moufai, against the Tarochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; -by'r. MLLS, from Totness, for a reduction of the ' duty on fire assurance; by hr. T. DuNco=a_, from .Islington;- against the Settled Estates Bill; also from Glasgow, against the Scotch Publichouse Bill; by Mr. CeikrnAsr, from the inhabitants of Denton, Lancashire, against the Oaths of Abjuration Bill; by Mr. XKUMAIRD, from the members, elders, and deacons of the Free Middle Church, against the desecration of Sunday; by Mr. H. BERLCEY, fromn the city and county of Bristol and Rochester, in favour of the vote by ballot; and by Mr. PELTTr, from a numerously attended public meeting of the inhabitants of Southwark to secure to the open vestries their ancient rights of electirg churchwardens, &c. Mr. PELLATT gave notice that immediately after the holydays he should ask leave to bring in a bill to amend the laws of imprisonment for debt. SMUGGLING. MLr. ST1=LNG asked the Secretary to the Treasury if the withdrawal of the Coast Guard for employment in the navy in 1854 and 1S55 had been followed by any appreciable i ncrease of susugging and loss of revenue;* and if he could state, ini aPpprxiniate terns the difference of expense between the Coast Gulard and the temporary substitute vwhich replaced it 9 M Mr. WILSON said that a considerable number of the Coast Guard hadbeen 'withdrawn for the navy in 1S54, and that their places had been supplied by the employment of other officers. He had no Teason to believe that anyincrease of smuggling had arisen in conseqnenee, since the: revenue from tobacco-which wvas the principal article that the Coast Guard were employed in'watching, had increased from 4,751,0001 in 1853, to 4,871,0001. in 1855. He believed that the arrangement in question had not occasioned any additional expense. CERTIFICATES OF CON\FYRATION. Mr. J. A. SMITH rose to ai the Under-Secretary for _War whether all candidates for commissions in the army were required by the authorities of the Horse Guards to produce certificates of confirmatio n as a condition of their admission into the militay service? M3r. PEEL said, that the practice was to require a certificate of good character, and, in the case of Protestants, a certificate of confirmation, with the view of affording some proof that the members of the church of England had been brought up in the reEgion which.they professed. THE SALE OF REFRESHMENTS IN TEE PARKS ON SUNDAYS. Mr. T. CAMBERS wished to ask the First Commrioner of Works if he had taken the opinion of the law officers oL the Crown as to whether the sale of refres1nnents on Sunday in the booths about to be erected in the public parks would expose the vendors to the penalties imposed by the act 29th ,of Charles IL, chap. 7 ? Sir B. HT ALL had not thought it necessary to do so, bacause what existed at present in Kensington Gardens and Victoria Park was merelyan extension of that which existed before, and more particularly in Victoria Park. If the case came within the provisions of that act the hon. and learned gentlemau was aware that any one could proceed against the persons infringring it. The act was of a very stringent character, and, if strictly enforced, every confectioner's shop would have to be losed (hear, hear) and every railway or steam) oat would have to discontinue its traffic. (Hear, hear.) THE FOREIGN LEGION. In reply to Colonel DuNum, Ar. PEEL said that the returns of the pay and allowance to the Foreign Legion ,which had been laid upon the table were perfectly correct. When thatforce was disbanded the officers would be entitled to three months' pay, and the men to pay for a year. METROPOLIS LOCAL 3ANAGE NT BILI, In reply to Mr. T. Du-comirE, Sir B. HALL stated that it was the intention of his hon. and learned friend to withdraw the Metropolis Local Management Bill, and to introduce a new bill upon the subject after Whitutide. ASSAULT ON A LADY BY A POLICE-CONSTABLE. In reply to Mr. Bowyii, Sir G. GREY said, he had received information that a charge had been made against a police-constable of assaulting a lady on the day of the proclamation of peace. The case had been heard before a magistrate, who had felt satisfied from the evidence that the young lady was mistaken in the identity of the officer, and had therefore dismissed the case, and no complaint of that decision had been made to the Home-office. There was no doubt that an assault had been committed of a severe character, and he had given directions that every means should be employed to discover the offending party. (Hear, hear.) Mir. T. DUN COMBE asLed how it was that the recommendation of the commission which sat to inquire into the conduct of the police in Hyde Park, that the numbers on the collars of the police should be increased in size, had not been attended to ? Had it been, the young lady in this case would have been able to identify her assailant. Sir G. GREY thought that the recommendation of the committee had been attended to (" No, no :"), but he would inquire into the matter. RAGGED SCHOOLS IN DUBLIN. Mr. DE VERB said that he had received an advertisement, stating that a bazaar would be held for the benefit of certain ragged schools which had been established for the purpose of proselytizing the children of the poor, and it was stated that that bazaar would be held under the patronage of the Lord-Lieutenant. He wished, therefore, to ask the Secretary for Ireland if there was any truth in that announcement? Mr. 1HOR.SMAN stated that there was not the slightest foundation for believing that the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland in any way countenanced the placard to which he (Mr. de Vere) had alluded. The principle which the LordLieutenant laid down for his own conduct, and wlich he impressed on all those officially employed under him in Irelandwas that they shouldnot associate themselves, directly orindirectly, withanyreligious societythe proceedings of which were calculated to give pain or offence to any of those whom he was sent to govern. The facts of the case were these-there were in Dublin ragged schools established both by Roman Catholics and Protestants. Early in the year the Lord-Lieutenant received a communication from the managers of the Roman Catholic ragged schools, stating that they were going to open a bazaar for the benefit of the schools, and requesting hispatronage. He replied that he would willingly give his name, but could not attend in person. Very recently he had a similar application for a hazaar from the Protestant managers, and he returned the same answer in the same terms. But the latter society, in advertising the bazaar, placed the Lord-Lieutenant's niame very conspicuously at the head of the placard, the rest of which (and it was a -very lengthy one) was filled with extracts fromn documents of a controversial nature on the subject of roselytism, and calculated to give offence to the Romaan Catholie of Dublin. He (Mr. Horsman) would only assure his hon. friend that the association of the LordLieutenant's name with the offensive matter in that placard was without his knowledge, and certanly did not meet with his approval. WILLS AND ADIINISTRATIONS BILL. In answer to a question by Mr. HAr nnnD, The SOLICITOR-GENERAL hoped it would be consistent with the engagements of those hon. gentlemen -who took a particular mterest in the subject if he fixed the Wednesday morning sitting, immediately after the recess, for the second reading of the bill. Mfr. MA-LINS asked the Solicitor-GCeneral whether he was serious in fixing Wednesday moningfor the discussion of a bill which peeclarly interested merchants and lawyers, and who it was impossible could attend the house at that hour of the day. The SOLICITOR-GElNiERAL thought he had spoken seriously enough. (A laugh.) At all events, his hon. and learned friend was wrong in supposing that the first Wednesday after the recess would be an inconvenient day for the lawyers, as no court would be sitting on that day; and he certainly had selected it as being a day most likely to suit the convenience of hon. mermbers of the profession. (Laughter.) CLAIMS ON THE PORTUGUESE GOVERNMENT. Mr. T. CHAMBERS rsked the First Lord of the Treasury what communications haa passed between the Foreignoffice and the Portuguese Governnient on the subject of the claims of Yuille, Shortridge, and Co., upon that country for breach of ireaty, since a select committee of this House reported on those claims; and whether he had any objection to lay the correspondence on the t-able 9 Lord PALERSTON' said, that his noble friend at the head of the Foreign department had instructed the British Charg6d'AffairesatLisbontomakedemandr o nthe Portuguese Government in conformity with the recommendation of the committee. A note was in conse.quence addressed to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Lisbon in June, and no answer having been received, another note was addressed to that Minister in Jannary. He was sorry to say that those applications had not been Attended with the desired result. If the hon. and learned gentleman thought proper to move for a copy of the instructions sent by Lord Clarendon to the BritishCharg d'Affaires, and of copies of the notes addressed by him to the Portuguese Government, he (Lord Palmerston) had no objection whiatever to their being laid on thu table. In answer to Colonel GR.a'VIii, lilr. HORSh>N statea that, on the seconclreading of the Irish Reformatories Bill, he had stated his intention of proposing certain amendments which were to be introduced in committee. He bad now given in those amendments to the clerk at the table, and they would b printed with the votes to morrow morning. He would fix *ronday, the 19th, for going into committee on the bill, but would only propose going into committee pro fornZ' on that evening, for the urpose of introducing those amendments and having the ti reprinted, and he would ther name a fature day, on which a full discussion might be taken on going into committee on the bill. THIE CRIMEAN MTEDALS. Mr. OTWAY asked, whether it was intended to grant the Crimean medals to the Sardinian atmy as well as to the French army ? I-r. PEEL said, that it was the intention to grant the medals not only to the Sardinian army, but also to the Turkish army, and arrangements had been already made to send the medals out to the troops of those two nations. LWHITSUN HOLYDAYS. LorPAtLMERSTON moved, that the House at its rising, should adjourn to Monday the 19thinst. (Hear, hear.) Mfany hon, members having expressed an anxiety to have the Fiday as a holsday, and the Governanent being always desirous of adapting the course of busimess to th5 wishes and convenience of the House, they had decided upon>adjourning to Monday -eek instead of to Friday next. Bnt,as the Goverriment, in order to meet the views of lion. gentlemen who did not wish to return from the country tilL Monday-had given ip the riday, and had thereby lost, t least eight hours for the public service, lie did not thik hli-was trespassing too much on the indulgence of the House:to ask that the Government should be aUowed after the recesgs to make tp those eight lost bours by being permitted td cany onpublic business after 12 oclock at night. (Generz expressions of dissent.) P1EADON OF POLTICAL OFFENDERS. M1r. T. DUNCOMEBE rose, in prsunuce of notice, to ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether, in consequence o£the numerous memorials presented at diferent times im favour of a full and free pardon to Messrs Frost, W Jones, Smith O'Brien, and other poltical prisouers, whoze conduct during exdle has been without reproach, it is the in_' tention of Her Majesty's Governmnent, on the celebration of: peace, to advise Her Majesty to comply with the prayer o6f those memorials, and thereby enable those exiles to returi to their native land. The hon. member said he perceived. by a notice in a morning paper to-day that the Governmaethad anticipated his notice, and that Her Majesty would: gracdously extend pardon to all political offenders. (Hear, hoar.) 1e confessed that after the dild and generous ma-: ner in which the notice was received a week ago he expected Her majesty's Ministers would not hesitate to grant this amnesty. The French Government had offered a simi. lax amnesty to political offenders, and an amnesty was of.. feredby an article of the Treaty of Paris to all persons compromised in the late war, even deserters Surely, if' there were a set of miscreants vho deserved no sympathy or pardon it must be those who abandoned the cause which. 'they were paid to support, and, by treacherously furnishing information to the enemy, imperilled the lives of those companions in arms with whom it should have been their pridea to share al the dangers of the campaign. (Eear, hear.) He confessed he thought it impossible any Govemnment could, under these circumstances, resist giving an amnesty to men who had conducted themselves as Frost, Williams, and Jones, and also Smith O'Brien. There was a class oE7 political offenders who deserved no consideration-thosee. who had broken their parole and fled to a foreign country; and he understGod those pernons would not be included in this pardon. But he trusted all other political offenders. would be included in the amnesty, and he vwas quite satis. fied Her Majesty's Government eould do nothing more aAceptable to the industrious classes, both of Ireland and England, and particularly of the large towns, than pardon Frost, Williams, and Jones, and also Smith O'Brien and others convicted with him, because, whether rightly orvwongly, the great mass of the industrious population did believe that these misguided men were suffering from their over zeal in endeavouring to ameliorate the condition and. extend the political rights of their fellow-countrymen. .(Hear.) Some years ago he continually felt it his duty to ask in that honse for the amnesty of those very men. It must be a gratification to those gentlemen, some of wbhoni now belonged to Her Majesty's Government, who voted with him. It must be a gratiiication to the hon. member for Buekingiamshire, who, to hiis honour, voted in. favour of the pardon of Frost, William s, and Jones. But there was an individual to whom it must be: a still greater gratification, as to him were those men indebted, principally and cntirely, for their very existence-he meant Lord Brougham. It would be in the recollection of many members that two of the judges who, tried Frost, Williams, and Jones were in favour of an aenittal, and were of opinion that the objection of Sir Ercdesick Pollock was good. An appeal was maade. Nine, to six of the judges were agreed that the objection was. good; but nine to six came to the conclusion that it wag mnade too late. Notwithstanding the great minority, the Administration of Lord MIelboure determined to execute these men. At the eleventh hour, when the scaffold waRS waiting for its victims, when the axe was actually in the hands of the executioner, Lord Brougham, by his reanonstrances and entreatie-, succeeded in obtaining a relaxation. of the sentence; and an order for respite was despatched. It must be gratifying to Lord Brougham to find, not only that they survived, but that in their exile they had conducted themselves in a manner -which entitled them to the Royal clemency. To no act of his life, whether as a vindication of the lawr, or as an effort of humanity, would that d~ktis'nguished man look back wvith more cordial satisfaction. (Hear.) He rejoiced that this amnesty wasto talke place upont the anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday. The joy of all classes at pardon being extended to political offenders would not detract from, but rather addto,the brillianicyandlustre of !the demonstration which they were told was to be made on that day in celebration of the peace-a peaces which, though many di'Sered as to some of the tms, all were agreed the desire that it should last for many succeeding genera. tions, and tend to promote the civiation of every natiosi throughout the world. (Cheers.) It wvas hardlynecessary to put the question of which he hadt given notice, but he hoped the noble I ord would confilrm what they had all with so much pleasure. (Hear, hear.) lord PALMERSTON said he must request the indulgence of the House, as it was against rule for him to speak again after moving the adjournment. (Hear, hear.) Hehad great pleasure in stating to his hon. friend and to the House that the announcement which had appeared in the. papers this morning wasentirely and perfectly true. (Hear, hear.) Her Majesty, following the impulses and dictates o- those generous feelings by which she was so eminently disg tinguished, had determined to take advantage of the return of peace, and of the unexampled loyalty which prevailed. from one end of her dominions to the other, to do an act of grace and clemencv towards all persons under sentence for political offences, with the exception of those unhappy mer who had broken all the ties of honour and fled from their place of banishment. (Hear, hear.) The amnestywould be general, and would include Mr. Smith O'Brien, Mfr. Martin, and those vwith whom they were associated. (Hlear, hear.) TflE IBISEH lITIA. Mr. H. HERBERT said, if ramours were correct, it was the intention of the Government immediately to discmbody the Irish militia. The period between May and the middle of July was a period of the year when the greatest difficulty vwould exist in Ireland in absorbing such an amount of extra. labour. The noble lord last night complimented the militia, but there was an old adage, " fair words butter no parsnips ;" and hewas sure, if dis.embodied immediately, a. great number of the Irish militia would be -unable to procure even the vegetable wvhich complimentary wiords w ere) said not to make more palatable. l;ic fully subscribed to the doctrine that the militiawere not to be employed longer than was actually required ; but, in fairness, those gallnt men should not be dismissed at the moment whenthey were least able to return to their regular employments. The consideration of a few weeks' pay ought not to induce the Government to inflict a great and grievous hardship. He would also appeal to the Govemrment to consider the claims of subaltems, and especially of the surgeons and assistant-surgeons, of the mlitia. (Hear, bear.) Any ungenerous treatment of surgeons or assistant-surgeons. would have the effect upon any future crisis tnat might arise of rendering themless willing to afford their assistance than they had shown themselves to be during the past war. Ho would, therefore,wish to ask the hon. gentlemanwhetherthe Government had considered whether the present wasthe best moment to disembody theIrish militia, andalso whether they had fully considered the position of the subaltern officers? Colonel DUNNE, before the questions were answerec. wished to draw the attention of the hon. gentleman tPseveral points connected with the Irish militia, and firsf, suggestea that, if commanding officers of militia regiments. wereallowed to discharge men according as they obtained employment, the force would be sp)eedily reduced withont any serious inconvenience. He aLo thought the case of the subaltern officers ought to be considered. The qualificatiom necessary for holding commissions inthe militia having bees abolished, it hadfollowed thata class of officers hadarisen wlho were not able to give their services without compensation. In respect to future arrangements he hoped that some more efficient plan of maintaining the staffsof tho militia regimentswouldbe adoptedthan had hitherto existed. He should. also 'wish to know whether sene of the barracks recently erected at large expense in Ireand could not be transferred to the counties for the purpose of being used as stores for the arms and accoutrements of the nilitia ' One other point which he would mention referred to the clothing of the men about to be discharged. Thosemen had been recruitedfronL a class not over rich in clothing, and many had scarcely any at alL (A laugb.) Those men on their discharge would nuot have the means of purchasing clothes, and although by a rule of the service a soldier's clothing became his own after a year, yet he (Colonel Dumme) suspected that after IZ months' wear it would not be worth much, and therefore he hoped the Government would consider tnat subject. Colonel GILPIN wanted to know why paymasters had' been omitted from the officers to whom compensation was. to be made? He had from experience known the difficulty of obtaining such an officer, and he thought that paymasters should at least be placed upon the same footing as surgeons; and assistant-surgeons. lMr. PEEIs in reply to the hon. member for Kerry (Mr. H. Herbert), said the Government had considered that in whatever way the militia of Scotland and England were dealt with, that of Ireland should be dealt with in the same way. He had not been awtre of any disinction bbetween the countries in respect to the demand for labour at that; particular time, but, undoubtedly, the statements of his hon. friend were entitled to consideration, and he would taWe care to bring them under the notice of the noble lord. the Minister for War 'lHear.) The hon. and gallant member for Bedfordshire (Colonel Gilpin) would be glad to hear that paymasters were to be dealt with in the same manner as sualterns. At the close of the Last war subaltern officers. of the militia were placed upon reduced or half-pay, but the justification for that course was that the militia regiments had been embodied for a very long time, and would not apbly to the present instance, whero the embodiment had. ony lasted somne 12 or IS months- With respect to the observations of the hon. and gallant member for Portarlington (Colonel Dunne), all he could at present say was that theyshould receive consideration. ST. JAMESS PARS. lord EBRINGTON rose to ask the Secretary of State'for the Home Department why, pending the proposed demolition of the German Chapel, and completion of a new entrance into St. James'sPark, thepublicis not permitted provisionally to drive to and from Belgravia through one or both of the existing carriage ways on either of idhhon. friend, because he considered that some security ought ceitainly to be pxovided in order that the publiEc mnoney should be expetlded in a proper =er.' He thought, howevcr, that when the inspectors made an adverse report the persons.interested in the report ought to have the power of answering it. , ' I Sir F. BARING considered that, in cases w^here the reoDrt of the inspectors was unfavourable, it would only be fair that the parties concerned should have the opportuity, not only by the equity of the Secretary of tate, but 'by the law of the land, of maldng an answer to it. Sir J. TROLLOPE said that although he had in the committee on this bill differed from the majority, ayet, as the House had affirmed the principle of the bill,' he thought it his duty to make the measure as good asit was ible to make it. If the principle of a compulsory contribution to the polce was to le established!, it was necessary that there hould be an ispectorshp;- and, if so, there mustbereports from the inspectors in order to show that the whole police system was working upon a uniform principle throughout MIr. HE NLEY said that one great objection to this clause was, that counties and boroughs would have nothing to guide them as to what the views of the inspectors would be with regard to the number of police to be maintained. He thought it important that the Government should consent to fix a iinimum of the-force. He admitted that the Government oughtto havethe powerof inspection; butboth the number and discipline of the police ought to be placed upon fLxed and definite rules, and not be leftto the capncious judgment o' differentGovernment i tors. The Secretary of State would necessarily know not g, except from the reports of the inspectors; he would therefore be liable to take an ex partz view of the case. This rendered it the more necessary that a rninimum of the police force should be fixed. He was also of opinion that the report of the inspector should be sent in the first instance to the authorites of the police, so that they might have an opportunity of being heard before the Secretary of State gave hirs final judgment upon the maatter. Lord IOVANE did not conceive that the Secretary of Sate would act im roperly in withholding the grants to counties and boroughs, seeing that he would be responsible to Parliamuent, and that all the reports of the inspectors would be laid on the table of the house; he should, therefore, vote for the clause as it stood. XT. KNIGHT thought the clause went further than was necessary. BoT the number and disciplEne ought to be fixed; if they were not, the numbers might hoe doubled, and the discipline might be wrought up by the inspectors' to a pitch that would convert the men into an army, instead of their beinJ a civil force. Mri. BENTENCKl thought that the Governmnent would bo neglecting their duty if thsey did not insist upnon the right of ispection. He admitted that some difficulty would arise upon the question of nmmbers- but that was a reason-why the amendment of which he had given notice should be adopted. SirW. HEEATHCOTE attached more importance than the Home Secretary to the argument that parties affected by the reports of the inspectors should have an opportunity of seeing and replymng to the accusations against them. If a county or borough persisted in maintaining its police in an inefficient state, whether as regarded numbers or discipline, that would be a good reason for the Government to refuse its nid. MIr. B. DENISON acknowledged that the bill completely puzzled him. He admitted that if the Government granted pecuniary aid it was bound to see that the mnoney was properly applied; but what he could not understand was, that vhile the first clause compelled magistrates to adopt an efficient police, by the clause now under consideration the only penaty attached to non-compliance was therefusal of a Government grant. Mr. RICE was satisfied that if the bill passed in its present shape an efficient police would be established in all counties. MIr. MMIL.g regarded it as an absolute necessity that the reports of the inspectors should be submitted to those whom they accused. He did not think that a certificate should be refesed in the first year after the passmg of the bill, because in districts where a police was adopted for the first time it could hardly fail to be defective in numbers and discipline; but, if any deficiency took place afterwards, he saw no reason why the reports of thee inspectors to that effect should not be acted upon by the Government. Sir G. GREY said, it was difficult te fix a general sainimum, because the population varied so much in counties, but, in deference to the feeling of the committee, he would propose to introduce these words:-" That, before any such certificate shall be finally vithheld with respect to the police in any county or borough, the report of the insnector relating thereto shall be sent to thejustices of the county or to the watch committee ofthe borough, and theymay address uy statement to the Secretary of State in every case where the certificate is withheld, and the grounds upon which the Secretary of State refuses such certificate, together with any such statement, shall be laid before Parliament." A statement from the justices or watch committee might remove objections, but if the Secretary of State persisted in withholding the certificate the statement and the grounds upon which the Secretary acted would be laid before Parliament. Sir J. PAINGTON expressed himsef satisfied with the proviso. Sir W. JOLLEFFE said, his objections were to a great extent removed by the parties, suffering from the certificate being withheld, having an opportunity of being heard. He still thought the clause very difficult to carry out, but he would not trouble the committee to divide. The amendrment was withdrawn. The amendment proposed by Sir G. Grey vas then agreea Sir H. WILLOUGHBY proposed in that section of the Aaluse which provides that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall pay such sum towards the expenses of the police " as shall not exceed one-fourth of the charge for their pay %nd clothing," to substitute the -words "one-half" for "one-fourth." In his view the object of this bill -was to establish a compulsory system of police imEngnland and Wales, and he thought the proposed contribution from the Treasury of one-fourth of the cost of such force 'wasnot sufficient. He might remind the committee that a very large sum of money was now paid by the State for police purposes. A great portion of the Irish molice, a certainproportion of the metropolitan police, and the stipendiary magistrates of London and Dublin were maintained by a charge upon the consolidated fund amounting to nearly S00,0001. annually. It must be remembered that the ratepayers of England and Wales contributed their proportion to the taxation from which that charge was defrayed (hear, hear); and he maintaned thatp if i police force was established compulsorily, it was not consistent with principles of equity and justice to throw three-fourths of the cost of such police upon the ratepayers. The ratepayers of Engioand and Wales constituted a very small proportionnot more than one-sixteenth-of the whole population, and the property upon which they were rated did not comprise more than one-fifth of the property existing in those districts of the kingdoai. Was at right=, then, to charge three-fourths of the expense of maintaining the new police force upon one-sixteenth of the population and upon one-fifth of the property of the kingdomn (Hear, hear.) The rateable property of England and Wales was estimated at 63,000,0001. or 64,000,0031., upon which, in the shape of poor-rates, county rates, aid other similar taxation, a pro- pertytaxof 10 or 12 per cent. was levied. (Hear, hear.) ndec, the local taxation amounted to a charge of 1G or 18 per cent, uponrateable property, and from such charge the whole personal property of the country, which was precisely that description of property requiring the protection of police (hear, hear), was entirely exempted, It was a difficult matter to ascertain accurately the amount of personal property in England and Wales, but it was estimated by Mr. Porter and other eminent statisticians at 2,500,000,0001. It was indisputable that there was an enormous mass of property which did not contribute a single shilling to any of the local rates, and he asked what right they had to impose the new burden proposed by this bill upon the rat_payers who were owners of a particular description of propert He would ask the comomittee to consider who were the ratepayers of this country. If they took 1001. of rate, it would 5ce found that 4-lOths of it were levied upon men occupying houses and villas, who were just above positive want, but who were struggling for a livelihood (hear, hear) ; 5-lOths were levied upon persons engaged in agricaltural pursuits, who were rated according to the amount of their produce; and the remaining 1-10th was imposed upon mines and other descriptions of property. How, then, could the right hon. Home Secretary justify his proposition that the owners of a particular class of property should be called upon to provide for the protection of life and pronerty, wehich was an obligation resting upon the nationv 1 (ear, hear.) Heuhoped those principles of justice which uniformly influenced the house in dealing with auestions of taxation would induce the committee to adopt his amendment. Sir G. GRlEYsaia,thebon. baronet seemed to suppose that the object of this clause was to impose a direct buren upon all the rateable property of the country, whereas its object was to exempt rateable proserty from chsrges to which it was now legally liable, and to defray those charges partially from the consolidated fund. The lion. baronet raised the wvhole question of local taxation, and asked the committee to agree. to his amendment, on the ground that a great portion of the propet of the country ws altogether exempted from such taxation. meat cruestion had been freguently discussed in the house; and i (Sir G. Grey) beheved they had, by general consent, arrived at the conclusion that it was impossible to subject personal property to the taxation which wras applied to real property. The hon. gentleman had shown no good reason for substituting one-half for one-fourth, and the Government, after consideration, were of opinion that the proposition thejy recommended was fair and liberal. The hon gentleman s argument, indeed, wrold go to throw the whole of the local taxation of the oatry on the general revenue. With regard to the police rata he thought it would be found that the personal property protected by the police was g'anerally connected either with houses' or ith land. The, Government thought one-fourth a fair proportion for thri relief of local taxatio)4, and they hoped the committee would sustain them in this pzoposal. If, however, the comm:,ttee should adopt the amendment of the honL gentleman, the Government wouidhave to consider whetler they wf re justified in pToceedinguwiththebillornot. (Criesof "-Ohf') Mr. N'IGHT thought it ,ious that 'the great proportionofthepropertystolen was person.7 property. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BIENTIICK could not think t;hat the right hon. gentileman had met the argument of his hon. friend (Sir H. Wiloughby). The right hon. geo tleman had told the committee that if they nsopted thp, amendment the Governmerit would be obliged to withO_waw the bill. [Sir G. Grey. -lTo, I did not say that. T'ne right hon. baronetsaid that the hon. gentlemar, had fail'4d to adduce any argument in favour of his motioa, but neither had the right hon. gentlelman given a sp ono onfor adopting the proposition he had recommended, ILi.deed, taking the figures of his hon. friend, it seewed dor:otful whether the proportion borne by the consoliSie4 WlA'd should not be four-fifths or l5-l6tis of the whlAe. The VAb1C:iLLOlt of th'e EBXOHQ uER said, that *Mth%,vLItJW k,on. ge,tjeman's amendment only went to sub stitute oneohalt or one-fourth, his princ.ple, it carried out, would abolishthe eniifa stem of local txation. (Criesof " No !") The hon, gentleman not only said that thepolce rate ought not to be an excluIire chauge upon real property, but that the poor-rate (hear), the oounty rate (hear, hear) and the borouga rate ought also not to be exclusively borne by real property. He could only say that, if that principle were adopted, the House -would find itself under the necessity of aading 15,000,0007. to the annual ways and means to be voted by the House. (ear.) Se did not knowv the hon. gentlemans authority for the statement, that the ratepayers were only one-sixteenth bf the population, and that they held only one-fifth part of the property of the country. sut it was clear that theratlepayers were by far a more numerous class than any elas§ that was liable to direct taxation. They were nlot io numerous, of course, as those who paid indirect taxaties, because the indirect taxes were paid by the whole popula tion. But every occupier of land or houses, however small, was bylaw rateable, and he could only escape the rate by being strack off by -the magistrate on the ground of poverty. bThe question, then, was whether they would transfer these 14,00,.000 or 15,000,001.from the ritepayers to the Queens tes. What would the House think if it were proposed to add 10,000,0001. to the income-tax? The income-tax was now at the rate of DL 13s. 4d. per cent., and to raise it 10,000,0001. the House must increase it by 10d. in the pound, each penny in the pound raising it about 1,000,0001. Would any hon. gentleman contend that if the income-tax were raised to this amount, it would be a less grievous burden than the local rates which were distributed over so large a portion of the ponulation ? Let any Chancellor of the Exchequer try to Xonble or treble the assessed taxes, the house-tax, the taxes on tea, coffee, ani sugar. Let him try to impose a tax on sat, or taxes froma any other source, and he would find that the commutation of taxation recommended by the hon. gentleman was any. thing but a relief. [Sir H Willoughby.-I recommended no such thing.] But if the principle laid down by the hor. gentleman were carried into effect it would be anything but an advantage to the country. The Government had been asked why they had taken one-fourth rather than one-half ? The Government had taken the example of the Metropolitan Police Act, where the rate was fixed at * maimum of Ed. in the pound, of which 6d. was paid by the parishes and 2d. by the Government. That arrangement ad been 'cquieseed in by the parishes since 1829. If one:. fourth were a fair proportion to be borne by the parihes in the case of the metropolis, whero the police were employed in attending upon the Houses of Parliament, great ceremonials, and similar public purposes, it could not be said to be an unreasonable proportion to be paid by the county rate. He trusted that the committee would not agree to vote a larger sum than, 200,000L out of the consolidated fund for this purpose His right hon. friend the Home Secretary had stated that ief the motion of the hon. baronet were adopted, it would be. come a serious question with the Government -whether they ought to proceed any further vwith this bill; but he had not said that they bad come to any positive determination onthe subject. What hisright hon. friend had declared was thatthe Government regardedthisas an important part of their measure, which had been proposed after mature deliberation, and that if this amendment were carried it would be a matter of grave doubt with them whether they ought to persevere any longer withthe bill. Mr. B. DElIISON said, the real question before the committee was, whether it was reasonable to add 200,0001. a- year to the sum which the Chancellor of the Exchequer was' ready to award to the counties. A larger amount than that wouldbe saved tothe Government by the suspension of - tinsrtation-the risk consequent upon which measure woulrbe thrown upon the public; and therefore it would be only fair that an allowance of 50 instead of 25 per cent. should be made to the counties. The Govermment would be 'aners, in a pecuniary sense, by such an arrangement. sEancellors of the Excheoner-were naturally very jealous guardians of the conso]idated fund; but it was unjust to press so severely as was done upon the real property Df the country, which financiers seemed to view as an excellent mnch cow, to be drawn upon to whatever -xtent their convenience or their fancymight dictate. Land was now burdened with 14,000,0001. of local taxation, in addition to vwhich its owners had to contribute in common: withallotherclassestothe impostsonarticlesof consumption; - md beyond all questionitwasworse used than any other kind if property in the kingdom. All he asked foi real estate was justice, not encouragement; and the same principle which warranted the concession of 25 per cent. was equally good Cor conceding 50. (Hear, hear.) The rural pohieeofLan*ashire cost 40,000L a-year, and yet it was not better looked fter than Yorkshire. whichpossessed no such force. If Parliament, however, insisted on the general adoption of roral police, the proportion of the exnense borne by the consolidated fund could not in equity be less than 50 per cent. Viscount EBRINGTON expressed his gratitude to the ,hancellor of the Exchequer for making out a triumphant ase in favour of relieving the ratepayers of the metropolis Af a larger proportion of the cost of their police than oneiuarter. Sir P. BAlIN'Greferred tothe evidence given by Captain NI'lardy and Sir W. Heathcote beforo the committee. Captain IrHardy was of opinion that the adoption of a aystem of rural polce had not cost the counties one farthing, and the committee, upon that evidence, came to the concluion that the system had proved highly advantageous not inly in a social and moral but also in an economncal point if view. (Hear, hear.) Then, Sir W. Heathcote said that be would give more for a property in a county .where there was a police force than in one where there was not. (Hear, hear.) He did not understand why gentlemen aiked for 5C percent. out of the pubEic revenue as compensation for a system wvhich was not only economical in itself but also increased the value of their property. (Hear, hear.) 3Mr. KENDALL, having had much practical experience n the transaction of county business, could state that he sad frequently been obliged t;o fight against the sungestions )f inspcectors, who had little or no practical know'edge of oheir business, buit merely w-ished to exercise theirauthority. Ee objected to giving them powver to enforce their s-ugyestions. by enabling tem to exercise a control over the7 ?aymaent of these charges. 3fr. ROEBUCK was opposed to the payment of one-, ;ourth of the expenses by the Treasury, as it was founded on: i bad principle. (Hear, hear.) The hon. baronet's proposal wvas merely a concealed system of commuiisin; he wished, in effect, to p lace a large sum in the mniddle of the table,. snd let everybodygrasp at it. ("HEear,hear,"andalaughj The promised contribution from the consolidated fund was a "sop" to propitiate the county members, who otherwise would have offered such reistance to the measare as would have insured its rejection. Nevertheless it might well be questioned whether it had rendered the bill more worthy the acceptance of the House. The proposal to send down to the counties and boroughs a Government inspector, on w-hose fRat the grant shouda depend, was highly objectionable. (Hear, hear.) The inspector wrould be to all intents and purposes the commander of the police (hear, hear), and his interference would be most detrimental as depriving the resident gentryof the inducement they at present possessed to look after the public interests of their respective localities. (Hear, hear. It vwas a fatal argument against the bill that it would militate against that principle of self-government to which the English race in all parts of the vorld were sodevotedlyattached, and which had been of such inestimable value to them in forming their national character and fitting them for the enjoyment of the rights and liberties they so dearly prized. All encroachments on that principle were to be viewed with grave alarm. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER observed that the hon. member for the West Biding (Mr. . B Denison), was mistaken in supposing that the contribution from the consolidated fund was to be justifiedon the grounld of a saving occasioned to the Government by the abolition of transportation. True, there had been, consequent on that measure, a savmig of colonial expenditure, but the advantage thus acquired -was counterbalauced by the increased outlay for prisons and convict establishments athome. Sir WV. HEATHCOTE. explained, with reference to the extract from his evidenee read by the right hon. bronat the member for Portsmoutl, that what he bad moant to convey was, notthat the market value ef land was enhanced by the presence of an effitive police in the locality, but tlat. for his own part, and with a view to residence, he would give more than the market value for land so circumstanocd. (Eear, hear.) It was to be hoped th*at the Government would not abandon the principle of a grant from the Treasury, but proceed at once to determine the anount. Ih'z. 3iUNTZ supported the amendment of the lon. baronet the member for 13veshaam, observing that, if any portion of the police expenditure were to be defraved from the national Exchequer, he deemed it the simpler ind inore equitable arrangement that the- Government grat should cover one-half of the whole disbursement. Mr. HENLEY observed that the Govenment being pledged to the pri-nIfpe of a oonstitntion from theTreasury the only question to bie decded was that of amount. Prcedent justified a' grant equivalent to one haf of the whole expenditure. The case eE the rish poI, was strictly in point. (in the institutior o l that force the Governmenvt contributed in the proportioa of onehalf of the- expense incuenr fHear, hear.) Ia gaols, although not ominally, yet reelly the Government paid one-kalfiofthe cost of tat slass of psners for whom they paiiat-alL Tie oknly reason whfic had been assigned for f3ing:tbe propetiBn by this bil at one-fourth was, that that was-the propaetihn of the cost of the metropolitan polce which-was paid by the Government. After afow: -worcs froa Mr. BAnnow and Captain Sco]3ELZ, who both supported the amendment, the committee divibd, when the numbers were - lFor the amendment... ... ... ... 106 Against it ... ... ... 160 M ajority ... ... ... 5 The amendment was consequently lost. Sir J. WALMSLEY then m oved the addition of tha-fol'lowing proviso:-"Provided alwayhs, that the polimcorca for any county or borough shall be deemed efficient inpont of num bers n all cases where there shall be ono-poice. constable for such county or borough to every 1,5 of the j population, aceording tothe last census then made.- Mr. STEEF objected to the proviso. There were m anr counties inw hich sach an arrangement would cause cnn- siderable additional expense. The matter hai better -4 left to the justices of the peace, -who were th-e most competentjudges of what police were required. Sir G. GREY said, ib was quite impossible to fix anY ininimum , and, even if it were,, 1 in 1,50G- of the 'Popul4tio° - would be quite inadequate in ve ry mny boroUghs to Sax nothing of counties After a short conversation, the proviso wss SgAatii'ed without a division. On the question that the clause be added to the bill, lEr. ROEBUCK moveed the oomission of the clause. Isg objection to the clause was, that it placed the supervision oE the whole police of the.couny in theAdministtiOn of the day. It would as-e the C:oiernment the spy of the whole country, and would give it apower,which would have emamo mischievous effect. The Home Secretary wouldbeasecond Fuch. He called upon the Irouse to determine by:ita decision O li on. h4x-12sQ whet-lle or itot thQ cqomtr ,hIOAl
TuaE CorT-our.-The following members were in the House of Conimons on Thursday night when it was counted out, namely :-Lord Duncan, Sir G. Grey, Sir J. Walmsley, Sir J. Duke, Sir J. Anderson, Colonel Dunne, Ressrs. Craufurd, M. Chambers, G. Duncan, W. J. Fox, 5obbett, W. Williarns, A. Wyse, T. Baines, C. Lewis, A. Black, MinUigan, Baxter, Lowe, W. Ewart, Cheetham, fsaac Butt, unlop, hloore, B. Desnison, Hastie (GIasgow), Pugh, Gore Langton, Crook, Pellatt, Crossley, V. Smith, Hutchins, an;d Mlagtiire. TsrE NEV,- D¢rLniusy HOsBf .-SoUTHA31p'roN , May 9.-Her Majesty the Queen has, through Colonel Phipps, informed the Mayor and town council of this port that she will be graciously pleased to receive an address from that body upon her visit to lay the foundation stone of the new Mrilitary Hospital which is to be erected on the Hampshire coast, between Netley Abbey and the village of Ramble. In consequence of the requisite arrangements not being completed, the ceremony wiU not take place on Monday next, as previously intended. No day, however, has yet been ixed; but as it is Her Majestys intention to nolourn at Osborne-house for nine or ten days after to. 3morrow, there is no doubt that it will talke place during that time. The corporation of Southampton, owing to the inclemency of the weather and other reasons, have altered their intentions to illuminate the ruins of Netley Abbey, and instead it is suggested to confer that distinction upon the Audit-house in the High-street, and to have a grand banquet in honour of the occasion. The members for the town are invited to be resent. The followfng is a copy of the address. "We, the Mfayor, Aldermen, and Burgear,cs of town and county of the town of Southampton, avail ourselves of the opportunity affordedI us by your Majestys gracious visit to -this neighbourhood to give renewed ex,presmon to our loyal and unalterable attachment tOYOur-MaJesty'sthrone,person, family, and government. We desire also to olffer our ncere andi earty congratulations toYourMajestyupon the aPPyotermination of thewar and the re-establsahment of peace upon conditions honourabIe to your Majesty's Crown, and which fuly realine the great objects for which the war w eundertahen. It isgunder thsgratifbing andfanspicious Circumstances that your M1ajesty has appeared among us to. day for the purpose of inauguLrating one of those great woriks of mercy and charity that are ever dear to yotur -Majestys. heart, and the promotion of which by yo; Majesty asnd your Royal Consort will ever reRlec the highest lustre :UPOn Your MTajesty's reign. The establishmnt of ya nniodtarv hospital for the relief of your Maje:stys sick nd wounded soldiers is a most graceful and appropriate conclusion to a wa army bas maintained, with its histor-ic rnwn,c undeBritihe Most tvyir privations, the nonour and character of its country " ernit us, in conclusion, to exprs u ans Lsopo that the peace which haas jus beenrs ouril ernestoe 3may, undler the favour of Divine Providenhapplyn restorued to she ta blessings over EuroPe, and that your Majesty's life mnay be long preserved to witne t futflefet inpromoting that friendshs ,n Gos andtfu effc. tercourse amOng nations wMc afford thernbest sectto the futuxre welfare and happiness Of m1an1ri seurtyfo THE PROYAL SOCsITY.-We nre requestedlt tt that on Whit Tuesday, a o'clOck in the toreon state 3Lord Bishop of Oxfrdwi ceoforhenon trathel wil inpuruanc ofthetrut thel parsh hurh f S. Ieonrds, horditb.The subject willbe n th "Wndeful ork ofGod in the - -]~J,ISOLSUGAX.MARKET, FridlaY, 'Way 9.-Very aseclyt~s woleof he roerysugrsbrought forward this ~ istin princially f new arbadoes, have sold ~t ~uU ices. esu~pl ratarket is limited the uea~~~ast dueindspreventing- the lesaels no The markt closes with great
METROPOLITANPOLICE.OF,ICEl.-FOUND in thetOeession of a receiver of stolen property a large STEEL BEAD PURSE, made with scarlet sdlk * four tasels ;t one end. Application to bemnado at the Police Station, Marylobone-lane, Oxford"tre5t, D Division. LOST X L.DYs mall GOLD WYATCHI, on Friday. L ST;,& LAD' NJ about 5 o'clock p.m.. betw een the Camden-road RailwTay Station and GIocester-gate, Regsntaprk. Edge scalloped, face white Whoerer willbringthe ace to 9. Cambridge-terrace, Eegent'ipark shall reweive TWO POUNDS REwAIW. I-ITY of MLBOU i LOA,ictoria.-The Union BanL- of Australia will PAY, ou or after the Ist proximo the HALF-YEAR's INTEBEST dno on the slt of May, 1816, on the Debenturei issued by the Corporation of the city of Melbourno, under the authority of "The Melboure Improrement Act, 1814." and "The Melbourne Improvement Act. 1855 ;" also the princpal ams of such of the Debentures a shell then become due. Parties ented to receive thoeaame are requested to ledge their securities at this office. with a list setting forth the numbers, dates, ant amosmt, in order that they may obtain payment in three cear das after the day of uch lodgment. H. W. D. sIA DEIs, Secretry S8, Old Broad-street, London, April 11, 186. 1TDRURY-LvAXE.-Ertgliah Operi.-Verdi's grand L~opera, IL TEOVATORs.. or The Gips's3 Vengeance. wrill to repeated (for the le3t time) THIS EwENING: cucy Eocott, Miss Eanny Iuddart; Eessrl. Durand, Genri Drayuton, anduAugustLa Prahlam, After which, t be famon3 American artistpe, Mr. na eer, W. J. Florence, whose performances have created roars of laughter and tumultuous aMi lauseT vill appesrin their nowentertainment THE KNOCK }IOUSXoKEEPER, repext lb, v their a bulmes melodies,d Folyu,m,on twhohtry m aatr and " ing mameican appea=co in UnddIobbng roud. ROYEALRi ROYAL, AYMSET.-TsIS ING 49th time of the new comedy of THE EVIL GE RIUS. Tom A ipEtone (the Evil Genius), hr Buclkstoaef Lad EingwTood, hlis3 Reynold. ASter Ahich, the rIsowUd Spanish dancerl Perca Nena, with blanuel Perez and a complete Cornpan of Spanish Coryphles, in the brilliant ballet pantomime of EL GAhIRUSINO; or. The Mexican Goldaseker. With GRIS~anW, BiAGSlAW, AND BRADSHAWY. in which Mr. Bueck5tone will sustain his original character and Mliss Tolhot Yll appear. ConcludinvRith THE POST- AN.S KhNOCK. On bMonday next will bo revived the burlesque tragedy of Tom Thumb, in whbich MWaster Bundy will snai;e his first appearance inWLondon. R OYAL PRINCESS's THIEATRE. -THIS EV'ENING wfill be presented Shaksoeare'a Dlayof THIE WIPNTEII'S TAI Precedes by THE VICTOR VA?.QUrISEED. rnHEATRE ROYAL, A1DELPHI.-nique Novelty .1 and Dramatic Effects.-Tha highly enceecsll newr Adelphi drama (as performed before Her Malesty) called iJke and Unlike, every evenaE: Mvr. B. Webster, of r. Wright. aud tahame Celeste.-Urgent THrivate AffaisN at GeconLd p Rice.-TaIS EvENI the popular nedy Adeloibe drama called IaE AND lNc IKE: by hlr. B. Webster, mr. Wn rght, ir. P. Bedford. Mr. C. Selby. Mladae Celeste. and Miss Wyndhsam. With (at seccond price) URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS:Dentay Dott of Mr. Wright. And HOW'S YOUeb UtCrE? .r Richard WYiggs, MIr. Wright, ALOYAL OILYMPIC THEATRE.-Lnt nNight of . a. STILL WATERS RUIN DEEP. John Illwidmay, M. Alfred Wigan: Mrs. Sterilold. Mrs. Stirling. On Whit-Msonday wll bo produced a newand originalromantic drama of nodege lifoein foractss tjIYaEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'l-W;ELsS.-Last Seven Nihig.s of Charles Dfillon and the Dramatic SeasnTHIES EVENI2NNG, BELPHEGOR andi THE WaONDEI . On Meonday, Don Gesar de Bazan. In all of which bIr. and Mrs. .a Dillon, cM JamesTogers. and Mdle. Bertha E sIGmer will appear. Saturday, Mrayo17. oPnefit of MEr. GeorgEo A. Webter. US:DoI, Ramiro, EL Sigo .-Eolri Dn Mgnifi s hO pe .Sieg eno Zu i; a ht DMn SMnl orM Gleoer whicthe.-ationalssrs. 8ims Rceves, Mitanda, Dedavanti, Iflier, Binge, and Weiss; MeaAs.S Benedict. Anachne. Howtard Glover. and Balfec asdadme. SVus Reevs, Weiss, Julia Bleaden. Eanny Bland. and hPiss Polde.-Opening Nlight. Mtonday, May 19: Belfe's BOHEMUlIAN GIRL,. w1ith adde tional new. music, conducted by the composer (ins first appearance in Enl and these four YearS) liii ., Opra,illcomenc a YLm Nih ofL/onoOy HIER M[AJBSTS THEATRE. MadameAlbons (her first appearance these five years). TheTheatre wil oPen THIS EVENNNG (Saturday. hlaylO) with Rossini's opera. LA CEN'ERENTOLA, Angelina, Madame Albonr r Don Enmiro, Signor Calzol3ri; Den Magnifico>,Signor Zuceni; and, Dandini, Signor Belletti. After wvhich, the h,ational Anthem, Toconclude with a nevf ballet divertissemen' LES QUATRE SAISOS'O 1d'dles. Bellon, Bosehitti, Lisereau. Pierron. Katinka. and r. Vaudris, Pas de Deux, MEdlle, Bosehetti and IL Vaudris. Pan, NdUe,. Kiatinlia, accompanied by Mdlle. Pierron u.nd Ceyphfes, Pan. Midlle. isereao and Corps de Badlet. Baa do Bacc'hante, Mdlie. A, Bellon. Pas de Deux.Mdlde. Bellon and 5. Vandrls, Finale. hMdliesBellon.Boschetti. iserean, liatink3, and Corps deBallet. The opera will commence at S o'cloci _ __ _ _ __ _ _ ROYA ITAIAN OPERA, ISYCESL Fiust e niht of ea Como Ory y. THIS EVEN`IGG (Saturday, May 10) will be erformed (for the first time this season) Itossini's celebrated opera, L1B COMTE OIlY. La Contessa, MLadme BFosn o H rtgondar Mdlle. Didiuee I301iero, Mdlle. Mrarai; L'Aio. M10na. Zelger; Baimbaldo, Signor T agliaiico; Un Cavaliere. Signor Soldi; and 1 Conte Ory, Signor Gardoni. Conductor-Mr. Costa. To conclude with the new divertUssEP ent, LES HAADRYADES. The bo-ofice is inide the granD entrance, under the potico, in Weliington-street. DRURY-LANK-EGLISH OPERA Under the Management of Mes J. H;L Tully and F. Kingbur. THIS EVENING, IL TROVATOREU Lucy Eecoit Miss Fannye uddart; Msessrse Hnli Drayton, Dmuand, and MLr. Augustus BrahAm To conclude withTHE r YAKEE HOUISE EEPER. THETR ROYAL, HSYbAREPT. Under the NMnagement of Mtr. Buckheone, TEHS EIVEhIpG, TdHE EVIL GENRUS. By Meses. uckat.ner Compton, Misses Reynolds, Swanboroudh.&e, Alter which. Perea hNena and the Spanish Dancers. To bo followred by ORlDISHAW, BAGSHIAW, AND) BEtAD3HW. To conclude with TH POSTMNS KOCiK. ROYAL PRNCESSS TEATRE. UJnder the Management of Mtr. Chorlsa Kean. aIS EVENG wil be presented THE VICTOR VANQUle SHE. D. Alterehich. Shaka esrs play of THE WIE TEr'S TALE. Leontes, by Mr. a. IKe; HTrmion e,by hr. 0. Roean. THEATRE ROYAL, ADEl,PJL Propthetor MNr. B Webeter: Directreas Madame Cebiste. THiS EVENING, LIK;E Ah'D ELKE: M 'essrs. B. Webter, Wrigh. P. Bedford. Selby, Garden: Me, dames Celeste, Wyndhiam, ac URGENT PrIVATEM AFFAIrBS: Messs.MWright. r.tBedford; Misses }Ceeley, THden WOc. And DOW'S YOUR UNMCIE? Mr. Wright Comtmenace st l. ROYAL OLRRYPI THEATRE. THIS EVEN`ING. R HELt nighe of STILm WATERS R DEEP(als performedbeforetheQueenat WindsornCatle). 5Mildgmy, r. Alred W gan: MS Ster hold, HMrs.Sirinm. T LHAnd ATC .nG A. MERMAu D. Ttru3 Tkrdins, r. F. .obson. TAT RE ROYAL, SADIERT-WE S. Under the Management of Mr. George Alfred Webster. THS EVENINGtaIh BE wPEEGO. ThE MrOUNEBAK BZEDheor 3E. haresDillon; Mladeline, Mirs. C. Dillon; Fanfarounsle, ANDE THE R LDa OSlaEorka BalUet: by rdele. Bersha Cats iSar. Toclude w ith THE WONDE. DonHFelS I M r. Chrles DilA n; Viol3nte, Mrs. Charles Dilo. Commence at7. B OYA1 SURREY THEAeTRE, GrandE:xtra Night. THIS EVEINwIG. RICHEIIEU:, Messrs Crewiek, Rickards, Vollaire, Calvert; Mise Ma3rriott. Sarah Themne. M'rs. Wellidge TETWO BOL.TS ; Peter Pelt, H. Widdtcomnb. TUJFELHAVSEN, Tufelbausen, 31r. Rickards. ASTEYS ROYA AMPHITHETRE, Lessee audManager, Mr.WlihliamCooke. THIS EVECNIN;G de~ la1st week). the grand spectacle of MAZEPPA AhD THE WILD iIORSE: supported by premiers; artles. Sue. ceeded by a splendid selection of Scenes in the Circle. To conclude wvith ENGLItIYS HRVEST HlObtE: AllD NATIONAL, STEEPLECHIASE._____ ______ TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. Is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp afflxed. Under the amended reguilations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmisaible by poet to British colonies and foreign countles without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communIcatIons. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. SW The Dublication of THE Tnsxs commenced at 5 o'clock yestdeday morning, and fnished at h3af-paat3.
LOiYDON, SATUBDAY, MsAY 10, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The message from the CRoWN, communicating the grant of a pension of 1,0001. a-year to General WiYm.uxms, was read at the table. Earl GrANvULE then moved that the thanks of the House be voted to HER MAJEsTY for her gracious message, and that the House should assure HxxR AJESTY it would concur in the measures necessary for carrying it into effect. He then described the career of General WmiAms, who was placed in the Artillery Academy at Woolwich by the late Duke of KEN-T; was afterwards employed as an officer of Engineers in Ceylon for a period of nine years, and in 1843 was sent as com- issioner to examine the boundary betwreen Turkey and Persia; he was then selected to instruct the Turkish troops in the use of artillery. From his intimate knowledge of the country he was appointed by Lord CLARENDow, at the beginning of the war, to act as English Com_mssioner with the Turkish army in Asia Minor. What he had proved himself in this situation was well known. He had not had the opportunity of showing whether he had the ability of a great General in manceuvring large masses of troops, but every other quality of a great commnander he had certainly exhibited during the siege of Kars. Earl GRA1NVLE then spoke in the highest terms of praise of General WmtiA3Is's companions in labour and peril, Colonel LAxE, Major TEESDALE, Dr. SANDwrrn, and General KmETY; he mentioned the lastnamed officer because he would receive no meed of praise in his own country. The motion was agreed to. On the motion of Lord REDESDALE the House adopted a resolution to the effect, that it will not read any bill a second time after the 22df of July, except bilis of aid or supply, or such other bills with respect to which the House may come to a special decision. The iBishop of OX;FORD moved for a select committee to inquire into the present mode of carrying capital punishment into effect. It was a question on which there was a sufficient difference of opintion to justify inquiry. At present an execution was made a great public spectacle; this was an evil; all evidence proved that such a spectacle was demoralizing. He thought all the influences it contained deterring to crime might be preserved and those of a demoralizing nature avoided. In America the last penaltyof the lawwas nowinflicted only before authorised witnesses; the change was made there against the same arguments urged against it in this country, yet no man in the United States would now be willing to sanction a return to the old system. In Prussia, also, executions were private, and the change was now under, consideration in the Legislature of Bavaria. The whole tendency of our own legislation had been to deprive the punishment of death of its unnecessary horrors. The present miode of inflicting, death on the criminal had a bad effect on the administration of justice. Great criminals escaped punishment to evade the evils of a public execution; this was especially the case when the criminals were women. In recent instances the mercy of the CROWN had been extended to women, for which no other reason could be imagined, if the punishment of death was to continue to exist as a rentence at all. Lord CA1PIBELL thought there were Bome objectionsto private executions; cases had occurred in which, had the criminals been executed privately, the public would not have believed they had been executed at alL. He cited the case of Governor WAL as an illustration. But these objections might perhaps be obviated, and he thought it was a question that ought to be examined. Lord REDESDALE believed private executions would be improper in the case of great political criminals; and it would not be advisable to make a distinction in this respect between one class of crimes and another. He thought the leniency shown to women had produced very injurious consequences ' The Marquis of LANSDOWNE could not consent to the appointment of the committee, if it was proposed to substitute strictly private executions for the present practice. After a few words from Lord DUxGANNO, the motion was agreed to. Lord DNGANxoN withdrew Iiis motion relative to the system of granting tickets of leave. The orders of the day were disposed of, and the House adjourned tiRl the 19th of MAy. Ln the House of Conmnons, on the motion by Lord PAL=ERsTor that the House at its rising do adjourn until Monday, the 19th inst., MIr. T. DuNco3xBE inquired whether it was the intention of the Government to advise HEn IAjEsTr to pardon Messrs. Frost, Williams, Jones, Smith O'Brien, and other political prisoners, whose conduct during exile had been without reproach. Lord PArinEBrsTox replied that the statement in the papers of that morning was perfectly true; that EEr MAJESTY had been advised to take advantage of the return of peace and of the state of general tranquillity by an act of grace and clemency to grant an amnesty to al such persons, excent those who had broken the ties of honour. Mr. JA&S MAcGitEGoR, after some observations upon the state of Greece, acknowledged in a proto. col of the Conference at Paris tobe abnormal, aaked Lord PArmERSTON for a declaration, on the part of the Government, of the poliey which the protecting Powers intended to pursue with reference to that kingdom, and whether the present period shold not be taken advantage of for bringing about a more satisfactory state of thing"s in Greece. Mfr. GL.DsroNE, interposihg, protested against tfhe licentious use made of the privileges of the Houise, in endeavouring to rafie a dissussion upon one of the gravest problems. of European policy upon a questioni that the House do adjourn. Mr. SrooNzEB, while he justified tlis.specific inqairy, admitted that the practice of raising discussiems in this manner ought to be eheeked. As Lord PAtsrox had already spoken upon the question before the House-namely, the adjou.rnment-noreplywas given tcr. AeGRZGoR's inquiry. Sir R PZRRY asked the Presidet of the Board of Control whether his attention had been called to the legality of the power claimed by the East India I Company to confer annuities ou[t of the revenues of India on persons not in the serviec of the East India Company, and whether, under the present constitution of the Home Government o£ India, sur2h annuities, in his opinion ought to be granted without the sanction of Parliament. He (SirEMxsxmubelieved that no such power existed. Mr. V. S-rnI1 said he thought it was not at all extraordinary that the Court of Directors of the East India Company should be desirous ol granting sene special reward for services such as had been rendered by the Marquis of DALHous;x. With respect to the doubts expressed by Sir E PERRY as to the power claimed by tie Court oe Directors, having, he said, had his attention called to the subject, it appeared to him that there w-as nothing in the Act of 1853 which altered the positimu and power of the Court of Directors as to bestowing pensions. He did not, however, wish to pledge himself upon the point one way or the other. Mr. M3TuINs inquired of the CnH?rcELLoR of the EX;CHEQUERp whether, seeing that the bullion in the Bank of England continued to diminish, it was the intention of the Government to allow the present session of Parliament to expire without taking any measure to relax the strictness of the provisions of the Act of 1844 which regulates the issue of bank notes. The CHAwoELmoR of the EXCHEQUER replied that the bullion in the Bank of England in the week ending the 5th of January last was 10,537,000I., and in the week ending the 3d of May it was 9,S07,0001., the whole diminution since the first week of the year being 730,0001.; and, under the circumstances, it was more likely that the amount would increase than diminish. HER MAJSTS Government had, therefore, no present intention to propose to Parliament any measure for altering the B3ank Act of 1844.D Mr. KusNirY called attention to certain circumstances connected with the trial and conviction of THosrAs DuxmE, undor sentence of execution for inciting JrATs MuRPnY and PATRICK BANoNN to murder Miss CHARLo=rr Hm-ns, and to the refusal of the ATToRwNY-GENERAL for Ireland to grant his fiat for a writ of error. Mr. J. D. FirzGimALD explained very fully the circumstances, insisting that the prisoner had nothing to complain of; that he had had a most impartial trial; that al precautions were observed that could advertise him of his rights, and that he (Mr. FrrzGERx.D) had not a shade of doubt that no I valid objection could be raised against his refusal of his fiat. The ATIoRNEY-GENXRAL had not the slightest doubt that Mr. FiTzGEinAD had exercised a wise and sound discretion. There was, he said, no error upon the record; the objection was a technical one, and ought to have been taken upon the trial. Mr. W TrrEslDE, Mr. NAPim=, DMr. BArNES, and other members of the legal profession vere of opintion that the ATTORNEY-GENERAL for Ireland had acted rig,htly, Mr. M'MAHrON, MIr. I. BUTT, and Mr. Serjeant Sens exipressing a- contrary opinion. Sir B. WAsir put a question as to the probable period of the evacuation of the Crimea by the British troops, prefacing his inquiry by a speech. Sir C. WOOD replied that the embarcation had already commenced; that a portion of the troops left the Crimea a fortnight ago, and that, although it was impossible to fix the precise period when the evacuation would be completed, the great mass of the army would be home early in the month of December. Mr. WmXrNsoN, remarking that four hours and a half had been occupied i discussing a great variety of miscellaneous topics upon the question of adjournment, put it to the House whether its business could be satisfactorily carried on if this practice were continued. The motion for adjournment was then agreed to. The House having resolved itself into a committee on the Message from HER MAJESTY respecting General WLTA31S, Ljord PAVNrERSToN, in moving a resolution for settling an annuity of 1,0001. upon the General for his natural life, dwelt upon his distinguished and brilliant services, remarking that, as Sir WirsLau was a native of Nova Scotia, it would be satisfactorv to the House to think that our fellowcountrymen in North America would be partakers, in his person, of his distinguished services. Sir J. PAKnqoToN- cordially concurred in the resolution, which would receive, he was sure, the sanction and support out of doors of every subject of HxE MAJESTY. In Sir W. WILLIAMS, he said, were united the highest characteristics of an Englishman with the gallantry and skill of an English General. The resolution was agreed to nenm. con. The House then went into comnaittee upon the remaining clauises of the Police (Coumties and Boroughs) Bill and the new clauses. Some discussion took place upon the proposal t6 postpone the committee on;the Church Rates Abo. lition Bill until the 19th. The otherordershavingbeen dispo3ed of,theHouse. adjourned at 2 o?Clock until Monday, the 19th.
The occasion on which Lords PA.NuiwRE and PALMtSTON addressed the two Houses of Parliament on Thursday night was suggestive of mixed emotions, in which we readily admit those of a pleasurable nature predominated. A vote of thanks to a great army-is a rare event now-a-days. Vast expeditions and grand achievements are neither the occurTence nor the daydream of the present age. Since the pea- of 1815 till the last two years we have heard little of war, save its distant mutterings from the banks of the- Sutlej or the river of Canton. At one period, indeed, a small portion-perhaps an interested portionof our cormunity acknowledged an unusual fear of the dangers which menaced our huge empire in the East. But the slight alarm was soon dispelled, and made way for the much more general enthusiasm which greeted the triumph of the veteralns wyho, at short intervals of timae, had routed the fierce tiibes of the Silhs at Sobraon and Guzerat. And though the few who knew the value of the prize that had been contested there, and the valour which had conquered against such desperate odds, .recognized the justice of the panegyric pronounced in either House of Parliament, it mav be questioned whether the heart of the whole nation was deeply touched by a prowess which, however great, was displayed on a remote scene and for a distant object. Now the case is changed. On no obscure or far-off theatre-for no inconsiderable or indifferent object-in no selfish or unworthy cause-against no contemptible or unwarlike foe-have the armies and navies of England fought, triumphed, and won an honourable peace. True, our triumph might have been more brilliant, our success more perfect, our pride more satisfied, our glory more enhanced, the humiliation of the enemy more complete. True that every letter from the Crimea tells us of opportunities overlooked or foregone which would, if seized, have crowned the campaign with greater lustre and higher renown; true that in the conduct of the war mistakes have been committed both on our side and that of our allies, which have filched from us and them some of those advantages which Englishmen had ventured to anticipate as the fruits of national enterprise and patriotic devotion; true that there have been mismanagement, bad organization, and the sad results of both. Yet, still, when all is measured and cast up, there is a large balance to the credit of the achievements and the explsits of our forces, which speaks intLelligibly and fo>rcibly to all who appreciate the woreh of national character and the grandeur of national enterprise. That army, 7C,000 strong, grew out of the naucleus of 10,00 men whom our- rulers sent on " a military pronmnade!' in Bulg;ia. It is the remnant and the successor of that high-hearted force which in sucessive battalions sailed to the Crimea in the summer and autnmn of 1854. Arriving on the scene of their service in a period far shorter than wouId have sufficed to tonvey them half the distance thirty years ago, our soldiers ha-ve concentrated into one campaign of two years the trials, the labours, the losses, and the results of ten years. Battle, pestilence, famine, death in the field, and deatl in the hospital h4ve been their lot. And well have they done their duty, and well have they braved their lot in every crisis of the war. In the first flash of the ardour that bore them, hitherto untried, against the strong position of the Alma, they showed that the muscle and the "pluck" which Talavera and Vitteria had seen were still unweakened and undegenerated. It was then, as in the days of the Peninsula, "no sudden outburst of " undisciplined enthusiasm," which would grow cold as the battle wvaxed hotter-no ardour which would pale as the contest and the danger thickened around them, buit the irresistible might of British courage, gathering strength and impulse from the clash and collision of the fray, that impelled our soldiers. And, again, when the novelty of the war had ceased-when its illusions had darkened into realities, and the bright sun and clear skies had been dimmed by the rains and snows of the Crimean lNovember-not less stern and stubborn was the composure which welded fragments of shattered regiments iu terrible resistance against overwhelming hosts at Inkermani than the plains of Spain and Belgium had witnessed in olden days. And, if military science censured the fatal charge of Balaldava, the survivors and the friends of the fallen may find some, though inadequate, consolation in the admiration which that daring death-ride won from our allies and extorted from our foes. And if to those gallant regiments, which so well supported the traditionary honour of their time-worn colours-if to the brave officers who fought round CATHcART, SMAeGWAYS, TORRENS, and YEA-if to them were denied the crowning honours of the supreme struggle, still the one failure should not deaden the memories of Englishmen to all they had done and suffered before. As Lord PATRiiSTON well observed, the praise of bravery we claim in common with other nations. The English soldier is brave in the heat of battle-in the bayonet or the sabre charge. But so are the soldiers of other nations ; this, though an indispensable and an eminent attribute, is not his highest quality. It is not for that alone that Parliament has thanked, that England will thank, her soldiers when they set foot again on the shores which they left with such high hopes and such exulting hearts two years ago. It is for the courage with which they bore up against the combined assaults of cold, famine, and disease; for the discipline which kept them to their duty so long as, and even after, strength remained; which resisted every privation, and which did not desert those who were fated to die in the trench or the camp. And how many of those who went out in the confidence and vigour of youth, health, courage, and strength-whose manly cheers echoed along the river's crowded banks in answer to the loud hurrahs of farewell-how many of those will return to receive the country's thanks for the peace which their own and their comrades' blood has won? The mortality of war has its statistics no less than that of peace. It is known that in the two years of the siege 19,000 men and 276 officers have died. Statisticians will tell us that this is not much-not more than an outbreak of destructive cholera carried off simultaneously in two small colonies, one an Eastern and the other a West Indian colony, during the siunner of 1854. But how many a home has this loss saddened! How large a hecatomb of youth, valour, and spirit has been offered to the exacting Genius of War Wlhen that brilliant army, now reckoning 70,000 men, which by i the bravery of its equipments, the solidity of its cdiscipline, and the unequalled conditionof its health, excites so much praise and admiration, disembarks at Portsmouth, Gravesend, and Southampton, how many an eye will turn fiom that gorgeous array, dimmed with the recollection of those who should be there, but who have not returned with the returning peace ! How many; a humble hearth will then miss its best support! how many a high and noble house will recall, amid tlhe pageantry of national joy, that form which, with its 275 fellows, lies entombed on Cathcart's-hill or the cemetery of Scuitari ! Thene and other reflections maingle with the restoration of peace and the return of the army. -They are the " amari ali-aTO' which embitters the flowing cup of a people's exultation. But they are inseparable from the conditions both of our 'glory and our joy.. It is the sacrifice of the home affections, the power ~of subordinating the ties and the sentiments of family to national exigencies and public duties, that constitutes the strength and solidity of national greatness. And when it is remembered that the army which fought at Alma and Inkermann, or died in the trenches, and that which wiU return under General CODRUNGTON in a few weeks, were each- fiUled with volunteers; that no conscription and no ballot have been employed to recruit it; that, v when its numbers were reduced by the contingencies of war, the Militia, itself al volunteer, supplied voluntary recruits, and, in many instances, performed the duties of foreign service, Englishnnen may feel proud of a force which carries the seeds of liberty in its first organization, and spontaneously responds to the necessities of the empire. If we say less of the Fleet than of the Army, it is not because less is substantially due to the former than to the latter. Without that Fleet the Armiy would have been of no effect. It would have been a small contingent, hemmed in by a large and increasing hostile force, to which in time it must have helplessly surrendered. It is owing to the services-un-brilliant though they were-of the Navy that the Army could turn the siege of Sebastopol into the one great act of the war. It was the arm which stretched out from England to the Crimea, bringing stores, provisions, subsidies. It made England andFrance nearer to the allies than Mfoscow to the besieged Russians. It neutralized, in fact, most of the advantages which the enemyderived from his free communication with the interior. It brought more than 400,000 men to the theatre of war, besides driving the enemy's fleet to inaction and furnishing men and batteries on shore. At Sebastopol its co-operation was most precious to the land forces; while in the naval services of the Black Sea and the Baltic Kinburn, Bomarsund, and Sweaborg testify its power and influence on the fortLies of the war. This gigantic armament, which now numbers near 600 vessels, is the creation of the same spontaneous energy which has filled the ranks of the army. On this occasion we forbear to mix censure with. eulogy and admiration. But what Englishman, when he sees these costly armaments reposing in peace, can be indifferent to the management and supervision which may be required to recall them into efficient activity, to organize them with promptitude and skill, and save them unnecessary loss, when the interests or honour of the country shall again proclaim the deplorable necessity of war ?
The CHmcErLon of the ExCHEQUER is either a hopeful financier or he has sounded the depths of our war expenditure more quicl-ay than other people. His loan of 5,000,0001., spread over more than four months, and it would seem not to be followed by another till next year, if then, indicates that the. bill of the war will be soon and easily paid. No doubt, the heaNiest and least controllable part of the expense is now over. Contracts to British shipbuilders, engineers, and iron founders, serious as they may be, are yet definite things compared vfith the frantic scouring of Oriental markets, where nation has to bid against nation, and one eomniissariat officer against another, for articles already bought up by Jews, Greeks, and Armenians. We know what we do ourselves at home, but not what is done for us 3,000 mniles off. In fact, there isnolonger any hurry, nor even much competition. Our position is that of the tourist wIho, havinga started with 1001. in his pocket, discovers at Vienna or some other terminus equally remote that he has only 101. left, and is agreeably surprised to find that it will bring him home without either desperate hurry or excessive privation. So, at least, we hope it is in this instance, and the CBH.NCeLLon of the EXCHEQUER encourages that hope. About a fortnight ago we quoted a calculation that, even if we could reduce our extraordinary expenditure by one-half, there would still remain abouat 12,000,0001. to be provided for byloan, orin some other way. Thus far there is nothing to indicate that our extraordinary expenditure will be reduced to that very great extent; yet the CmaN=CLLoR of the ExcBmQuzEn asks only for 5,000,0001. The calculation to which we refer is simple enough. The excess of expenditure over income in the last financial year was about 24,000,0001. ; for the previous year, about 6,000,0001.; the two adding to the national debt 30,000,0001. The excess of the expenditure in the last year corresponded with the increase in the " supply services," those for the year ending the 31st of MIarch, 1855, being, in round numbers, 36,000,0001.; those for the year ending 3March 31, 1856, 00,000,0001., showing an increase of 24,000,0001. in the latter year. Thlis increase, be it remembered, upon a considerable increase in the previous year, was met last year by loans; one for 16,000,0001., and the other for 8,000,0001., including in the latter loan the option of exchanging Exchequer-bills for Consols. Supposing, then, our expenditure to go on at the rate of last year, we should have to borrow 24,000,0001. There appears to be no intention on the part of Government, and as little wish on the part of the people, to reduce the taxation for the present; so the only alteration will be in expenditure and loans. With the cessation of war we will adopt the supposition of our expenditure being reduced by one-half. This jwi'l give 12,000,0001. to be met, as stated above. As the CHAWCELLOp. of the ExcuEQuxa appears to be satisfied with a much less sum, he must find our expenditure falling below half the rate of last year. We will confess not to have been prepared for this. The immense fleet and army in the East mnst stll be a great drain on the Exchequer. So also the numerous men-of-war and innumerable small craft assembled for the Naval Review. It is true we do not this year send a fleet to the Baltic, but up to this time our naval armament is still at its greatest, the expenses are going on, a large proportion of the contracts and other bills must still be unpaid, and we find it difficult to understand how the extraordinary expenditure of this year can be les3 than half that of last year, as the amount of the present loan would lead one to imagine. The revised Navy Estimates certainly do not countenance the belief that we are to reduce the extraordinary expenditure by more than one-half, or even so much as one-half; for, the total amount of the original estimate3 being 19,876,6651., the revised estimates are- still 16,568,6141., the difference between which figures is little more than 3,000,000?. The total expenditure of the war can only be estimated on such suppositions as we may choose to adopt for the purpose. One calculator may throw into. the total our increased expenditure on the national defences' for the next ten years, and another may take the same latitude in a contrary direction. Supposing three loans of 16,000,000?., 8,000,0001., 5,000,000?., and a " clear" ing" loan of 5,000,0001. more when all the bills are in, anid, say, 6,000,0001. added to our unfunded debt, and then an additional taxation to the amount of 3,000,0001. the first year of the war; 8,000,0001. tlle second; the same this year and the- next, we have then 40,000,0001. added to thle national debt, and 27,000,000?.paid by addi- tional taxes, making a~total of 67,000,0007. for the cost of the war to the end of the next fmancial year. This, of course, is a very loose estimate, as all estimates must be. On the one hand, it does not proceed on the actual cost of the war-that is, on the addition to the estimates in consequence of the war; and, on the other hand, it does not take into account that, but for the war, we should now be taking off taxes every session, instead of laying them on. Neither does it take into account that every 1007. borrowed by the CH"cmrrou of the ExcHnEQu has cost the addition of 11SI., or thereabouts, to the debt, supposing Consols at par. All things considered, we doubt whether the cost of the war, from first to last, vill be much under 100,000,0001.-au inmense sum, but evidently not an intolerable one, when it is considered that it fals very much under the expenditure of this country in the one closing year of the last great war.
It is possible to have too much pleasure in one day, especially when pleasure assumes the form of hurrying to and fro with the impetuosity which characterizes ladies and gentlemen too late for a railroad train. Were the human frame entirely unassailable by fatigue, were muscles and nerves but as the cogs and wheels of some iron engine, it might, indeed, be possible to spend sixteen or seventeen consecutive hours without discomfort, somewhat in the following manner :-At 5 a.m. rise, dress, and brealkfast, as a man rises, dresse6, aud breakfasts about four or five hours before his usual time, when he has only contrived to doze off for thirty-seven minutes before the dreadful alarun at his door. At 6.45 a.m., Waterloo station, gymnastics, and disappointment, logical exercitations with the police. At v.30, off to Windsor, if fortunate, and arrive at that abode of Royalty at 9.15,-again, if fortunate. At 10, Long-walk and Parlk, with review of Crimean soldiers. If wvife, sister, mother, or daughter of any of the red-coated heroes, emotions must be undergone the intensity of which may be taken as relieved by minatoryprancings of the sable chargers of the Horse Guards Blue, and the flourishing of the truncheons of the police. It is not in our power to state with official precision the hour at which the review will terminate-let us at a venture say at noon, because there is much to be done em night. We vill also assume that the ladies and gentlemen who may have attended the review, and who are desirous of attending the Drawingroom, by desperate exertions contlive to reach London by 2 p.m. and St. James's Palace at 3. Now, attendance at a Drawing-room is not the lightest of all human labours, as those persons who are in the habit of paying their respects to thle QuErN on such occasions are well aware. The amount of labour, however, -which a delicate woman will, without wincing, undergo upon such occasions would startle a gentleman trained to wild-duck shooting on the Dorsetshire coast. We will presunme the Drawing-room to be over, and the costumed crowd to be delivered at their own abodes somewhere between 5 and 6 p.m. Then, to be sure, there are a few hours of relUche for dinner and repose; but soon the jaded pleasure-seekers must gird up their loins for yet severer struggles. To them night does not bring darkness and friendly quiet, but rather an aggravation of the gaieties of the day. The illuminations and the fireworks with awful glare and hiss await them. They must and will see all; some from a noble determination of spirit, others because they ara like the old yellow post-chaises which are whirled from stage to stage by relays of fresh post-horses. The Crimean brother must be seen by one fair member of the family-hence Windsor; another mnust be taaken to the Drawing-room-who that had been presented would be so disloyal as not to do personal homage to her SovEREiG. on such a day ? -hence St. James's; the younger representatives of the name and honours of DOWIGGI:n have for many weeks past been speaking and dreaming but of rockets, Catherine wheels, Roman. candles, &c., and so the Parks and. the illu;ninations follow as a matter of course. Will any one say that the condition of the heads of such a family as this one about 1 a.m. on the day following the great day of pleasure would not be calculated to inspire the most painful feelings into any person of benevolent mind.2 Such, however, is a programme of the day's proceedings as we have them announced for the 29th proxino. We venture, with all due deference to the persons who are charged with the arrangements of such solemnities, to suggest that by endeavouring to crowcd too many acts into one play they will spoil all. Of course, it will be replied that the same persons who attend the review at Windsor will not, in all probability, make their appearance at the Drawing-room, nor, perhaps, even trouble themselves with the pyrotechnic display at night. As involving a question of fact, we doubt the value of the denial. On the contrary, we very strongly believe that the very ladies who will be most anxious to get a peep at Crimean relatives and friends in their military splendonr will be just the very persons who would be most likely to attend the Drawingroom, and -who would not unnaturaly nmake an effort to see the illuminations and fireworks at night as well. Take another class of persons. There are many thousands of the QuEEN's subjects in this metropolis who would be most anxious to see the review of the Crimean troops at WVindsor, but who never thinkl of attending a Drawing-room. Want of position or want of inclination keeps them a-way. The illuminations and firewvorks constitute a spectacle, however, on which they may be well inclined to gaze, for it is to be hoped no similar show will recur in our time. In their case we eliminate the Drawing-room, but even the Windsor review and the London fireworks are more than ordinary people can accomplish in a day, even if they can accomplish it at all. It seems a pity that the people who have made such desperate sacrifices to carry on the war should not have the gratification of witnessing the first parade of the first returned Crimeans. There cannot be any object in running all these various spectacles together, save that of showing what can be accomplished as a tour-de-forcc by the SOvEREIG, who has, as is perfectly right, at her command every means for passing with the utmost celerity from one spot to another, and. by whose movements the whole proceedings of the day are regulated. It is, of course, inteligible enough that the QuE-N should. review the troops at windsor betimes in the forenoon; step into a railway carriage, which will convey her to London in time to hold the DrLawing-room; receive at a State dinner afterwards those persons who have been honoured by the Royal command; and later in the evening walk to a window in the Palace and wvitness the display of fireworlks which will take place in St. James's Park. The fatigue of such a day must be severe enough even under such circumstances, but what will it be to those who are obliged to hurry about from spot to spot, subject to all the dangera and delays of the rail and the road, the crowded thoroughfares and the struggling mob ? The consequences of such umwise haste were sadly discernible in the history of the day's adventures at Portsmouth on the occasion of the Naval Review. The fact is that the QuEEN, with an express-train, to which everything must give way, and a steama yacht of first-rate power At her disposal, can at any time leave her poor subjects, like laggards, far behinuld. The operations of a public day, however, should not be calculated on the speed which may be
In both Houses of Parliament last night the message from the Quzsm- recommending a pension of 1,0001. a-year to Sir WILLmIA Wmu+r 3S was taken into consideration and unanimously adopted. Never were rewards more honourably earned. The name of Sir WILLIAM WILLIAMS, OF KAMs, will ever stand among the foremost in lionour in his native country. Upon this subject we need say no more. It is, however, not a little singular that, according to the practice of the British army, precisely that officer who has zhown himself to possess higher military qualities than auy other gentleman who has borne the QuEEx's conimission throughout the late war can never be employed again in high command. The fact is, that General Wrmr.-us is an Artillery officer. In the few words we are about to say we do not conceive that we are asking for any additional reward or distinction for this gallant soldier. It is our own cause, as Englishmen, we are pleading, not the cause of General WILLA3IS. Is it not strange that if we should be involved in fresh hostilities we must, from regard to military etiquette, 'be deprived of the services of our best officers in those posts where they would be most useful because they belong tothe Artiilery? )ve should have presumed ta priori that, according to the development of mod-ernwarfare, the skill of theArtilleryor Engineer officerwould probablybe more decisive in a campaign than that of an infantry General. It is a reasonable question to ask why the most highly-skilled officers in the Biitish service are by the rule of that service debarredl from high and from the highest command? If no satisfactory answer can be given to this question, then the rulc, for the sake of the public interest, should be altered at once. It rests, we believe, entirely upon the old aristocratic traditions of the army. In the exceptional case of General Wrn1Aws this officer has proved himself to possess talents for important military command of so very high an order that it would be but prudent for our -own sakes to place him in a position in which we could at once use him, in case of need. ¶lhe country would see with great satisfaction the name of General WiLmrxIs placed on the list of Lieutenant-Generals. This would solve all ques-tions of military etiquette at a future period.
COUBRT CIRCULAR. The Queen and Prince Albert were conducted, about 12 o'clock on Thursday night, by Earl Spencer, Lord Steward, to the new banqueting-room, where supper was served. The Royal Family, and afterwards the general company, followed Eer Majesty to the banqueting-room. The Queen returned to the Ball and Concert Room, and afterwards danced in a quadrille vith the DuL-e of Buccleuch, the Prince Consort, the Princess Royal, the Princess Mary of Cambridge, the Dflke of Cam'eridge, and Prince Edward -of Saxe Weimar dancing in the same set. The Queen's piper played a reel during the evening, in -which members of the Scotch nobility joined. Her Majesty and Prince Albert left the State rooms about 2 o'clock, the band playing the National Anthem. Dancing then ceased. The Queen and Prince Albert wvent yesterday afternoon to honour with their presence the Peace Celebration Fete at the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. Her Mlajesty and his Roval Highness were accompanied by the Prince of Wales, the Princes, R.oyal, Prince Alfred, and the Princess Alice, and were attended by the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting; Lady Caroline Barrington, Lady Superintendent; the Hon. Mary Seymour, Maid of Honour; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; the Dnlke of Wellington, Mtaster of the Hone; the M!arquis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness; the Earl of Caithness, Lord in Waiting; Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse; Mlr. B. Ormsby Gore, Groom in Waiting; Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), Groom in Waiting to his Royal Hghness; MajorGeneral the Hon. Charles Grey, Equerry in Waiting; Captain fu Plat, Eguerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness; 3ilr. G;ibbs, and Lieutenant CowelI. The Royal party left Buckingham Palace at 20 minutes 'before 3 'clock in seven carriages and four, escorted by a dettachmentof the 3d Light Dragoons, and returned soon Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort bonoured the Haymarket Theatre with their presence in the evening. In attendance were the Hon. Mary lSeymour, the Teon. Eily Cathcart, the Earl of Caitlmess. Maj or-General the Hon. Chtarles Grey, and Captain Du Plst. Sir Alexonder Spearman had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downing-street. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission have been held at No. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster, on bMonday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday during this week. Present, the Earl of Ellesmere, the Earl of HiarroTwby, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the hon. Edward Twisleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. Despatchcs were sent yesterday from the Colonial-office to the Governors of the N orth American Provinces. A deputation from the justices of the city of Manchester, eonsisting of Alderman Sir John Potter and Alderman Neil!, had an interviewr with Sir George Grey yesterday at thle Homne-office. .~ ~ ~ ~ r
THE 3Lxis.-SoVT1IA_r.NON, May 9.-The Royal mail steamship Tay. Captain Strntt, sailed this afternoon, with the mails for Lisbon, MIadeira, St. Vincent's, Pernamlbuco, Bahia, Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo, and Buenos Ayres, S8 passengers, among whom is Baron Pedro, 67,0001. in specie, 14,000. in jewelry, and a full general cargo. The Avon, Captain Pevett. wsith tho homewvard portion of the Brazilian and R*ver Plate mails, is looked for about Tuesday next. The Mragdalena, Captain Abbott, will leave with e West India and Pacific ma;ls on the 17th inst. The Parana, Captain Bayntun, with the next homnewardportion of the mails from the Wvest Indies and Pacific, is expected aboutthe l(th inst. The Peninsular and Oriental Conpany's screw steamer Sultan, Captain Cook, is e.xpected to arrive with the mails from Vigo, Oporto, Lisbaon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, on the 14th inst. The .Xadriii, Captain Bradshaw, will convey the next outwar' mails to these ports on the 17th inst. The United Stk.tes' mail steamer Arago, Captain Lines, with the French 'and English. mails from New York, is lookeed for about Thursday or Friday next. The first of the Vanderbilt line of steamships for the season wil be the North Star. This fine vessel will leave New York for Southampton and Bremen to-morrow, and therefore may be expected about the 22d mnst. The North Star, together with other vessels which are to followv in connexion with this line, vwiU come direct to Southampton Docks, botlh coming from and returning to New York-, for the purpose of embarking and disembarhing themails, passengers, and cargo. Fromthe perfectarrange:ments which have been made for the carrying out of this additional line of commaunication between New York and Southampton there IS e:cry probability oE the enterprise being successful. L ast yc...r the Vanderbilt steamers only toulched off Soulthampton going to and returningfrom flavre; the operations now, however, are tobe altered, and S,outhamupton made the head-quarters of the lin.e. ArOTmcAIFS'-muLL--The following are the names of gentlemen who pas<sed their examnination in the science and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, the 8th of MaLy :-osepha Turtan, StaveleF, Windermerc; Thomnas Fawth'rop, Halifax; W*l BarEn eny Hatfield, orth Bierley, nearBradtford;Biga Tou1t Lesamon, Tavistckl, Devon.
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. BELGIUM. (A portion of the following appeared in our second edition of yesterday :-1 Jun the sitting of -the Belgian Chambers of Wednesday, the 7th inst., A. Orts, in accordance with a previous notice, put the following questions to the Belgian M1inister of Foreign Affhirs relative to the allusion made to Belgium in the 22d Protocol of the Paris Congress. He spoke as follows.- " M. Orts.-It would be a denial of evidence to call in question the considerable emotion created throughout the country by the publication of an important diplomatic document, known to us all, which each of us has been enabled to appreciate, now that it has been offi cialy, authentically, and fully -published. Public feeling has been excited, in consequence of this explanation (explicotito), in a double point of view. Serious accusations have been brought against Belgium and the Belgian press. Those accusations, the exaggeration of which it will be easy for me to prove to the Chamber (and this proof would be needless, if I only spoke for the Chamber), have offendedthe national feeling and dignity as every unjust accusation must offend, even when it is, as Ifain would believe it is in the present instance, but the result of an error of the accuser. Public feeling has been excited in a second point of view in con sequence of this accusation, and a future foll of appre. hensions looms before us; words which, perhaps, we do not rightly understand, to which, perhaps, we attach more importance than was meant to be given to them by him who spoke them, have appeared as words of menace against that which each of you, which every Belgian citizen holds most dear-against that which he considers as hi3 most legitimate property, as the most sacred of our constitutional institutions. The Belgian press, it has been said, attacks social order andlforeign Governments. The legislation of that country assures to those who make so evident an abuse of the liberty of the press an impunity which the good intentions of the Govermnent, 'which the support of all good citizens of that country, are unable to curb. I do not deny that some journals in Belgium have substituted for the use the abuse of liberty of the press; that on some occasions-too frequently, according to my wishes, as to the wishes of you all-instead of an honest, calm, and dignified criticism, they have made use of lan' guage which every good citizen condemns and disapproves, and which cannot be inspired by any tiue Belgian sentiment, or emanate from any patriotic impulse. (General applause.) It is not, therefore, to deny in an absolute manner the truth of this grave accusation that I now address you, but what I deny is, that the facts which have given rise to it should have acquired with us that general character attributed to them, that those facts enjoy an impunity here which cannot be remedied without attack. ing our Constitution. What I challenge is, that those at tacks bear a hostile character exclusively against one Go vernment- that they are, in short, to speak plainly, inspired exclusively by an anti-French feeling, by an idea hos tile to France-that, moreover, these abuses, pointed out in the use of our constitutional liberty of the press, are abuses of which, it is said, Belgium offers the solitary example. Is it just to proclaim this general accusation against the whole press of our country? Is this a just appreciation of facts which are taking place around us, and -which we can all easily control? Yes, doubtless, all honest men among us cannot confine themselves to deploring these misdemean. otus; they must condemn them and put a stop to them. But are they the work of all those who make use of the liberty of the press, consecrated by our fundamental pact ? To put the question to you, gentlemen, who live by the side of the Belgian press,-to put the question to you is to solve it at once, and I do not think that there can exist in Belgium two opinions as regards the truth of these accusations. The few organs of the press that abuse its liberty-you are aware what is the influence they enjoy with us; you know how little they harmonize with public opinion. Have we guaranteed impunity? Is the law a dead letter? Do the judges refuse sys. tematicaUy to enforce it? Does impunity arise from any of these causes? The law a dead letter! Why, our legislation was strengthened and completed but recently to satisfy an international duty. Offences against foreign sovereigns, offences against the heads of foreign Govern ments, are they not liable to punishment with us, in virtue of a law which we passed precisely to provide for that duty towards Europe, to which I have just alluded ? If more than offences-inore than wicked attacks against the authority of foreign Governments-took place with us; if more serious facts-if greater acts of hostility- occurred on our soil, our code of law is not powerless to reach themour Government is not without arms. Is it a question of conspiracy in our territory for overthrowing a foreign Government, or for assassinating a foreign Sovereign? Our penal code is there, Government can invoke itWould there be a judge or jury in Belgium who would refuse to apply it under an equitable and just appeal, Moreover, a peremptory reply may be given to this accusation. If Belgium had been called upon to defend herself when accused, a reply would doubtless have been given. The Governments of Elurope showed themselves satisfied; they gave, in this respect, unequivocalmarks of satisfaction after the passing of the law of 1852. And who was constituted judge in consequence of the law of 1852 of the question to know whetherwickedattacksdirectedragainst foreign Governments were produced in Belgium or not? Foreign Governments themselves. And where is the foreign Government which, since 1852, has invoked, without finding an echo in Belgium, in the law -which the whole of Elurope declared satisfactory? Where are the complaints that have not been attended to? Where are the facts denounced that have not been investigated? Where the judgments that have refused here to give satisfaction to just complaints ? These attacks, it has been said, have a character exclu sively hostile to every European Government, to the Go. vernment of a great neighbouring nation, with which our interests and our sympathies command us to entertain friendly relatons. Has this accusation any better foundation than the others? Is it not just as easy to set it right ? Have the abuses of the Belgian press never hurt the feelings of other European Governments, and has the press alone in Belgium been guilty of these outbursts of language against foreign Governments ? NLot only in the press, but in this very tribune, in the very public meetings which are allowed in Belgium, for a long period of time, to the knowledge and in presence of the Government, I have heard words uttered of a far more violent character than those published in our journals; and these words were addressed to a Sovereign who did not seek a quarrel with us Dn that account, and whose representatives on the occasion to which I allude showed for Belgium and her cause a sym. pathy for which she publicly expresses her gratitude. Does the Belgian press alone deserve the accusation brought against it? Read the journals publishedin French in other foreign countries except France. Do not those journals contain attacks as violent as those with which some few orgaans of the Belgian press .are reproached? Read theFrench journals published in Switzerland, in Piedmont, and in England, and you will find articles not only such as have appeared in Belgian journals, whose position and influence I have already characterized, but articles which the Belgian press was wrong only in reproducing. Finally, has not Belgium accepted the legislation, said to be insufficient, for the defence of her own Constitution, of her Government, of the universally and so justly revered person of her Sovereign ? Attacks against foreign Governments come under the samne law as attacks against the Government of Belgium. Let it inot be said, by thus assimilating foreign Governments aud Princes with the Government and the Princes of Belgium, that Belgium encourages attacks beyond our frontiers which do not occur with us. It is known that attacks have been made against our free institutions and against the Prince called upon to preside over them-against that Prince who put on a crown, freely offered, and who for five and twenty years has assured to our country the happiness, order, and liberty, the glorious and magnificent anniversary of which we purpose shortly to celebrate-I say glorious and magnificent, because, in truth, it is a rare thing this anniversary, which all Belgiulm hails with gratitude-which is something more than an anniversary, because it appears as the dawn of happy and numerous days, for which Belgium will be indebted for a long time to this Prince and honest man, which it so willingly styles its well-beloved King. (Applause.) I said that these accusations, the exaggeration of which I have endeavoured to state to you as briefly as possible, must be attributed to an imperfect knowledge of men and things in cur coantry. I perfectly understand this imperfect knowledge on the part of a foreign diplomatist who is deceived, or has perhaps been deceived; I understand it the more that it is sad to state that nothing is done in Belgium to make the country known in presence of such serious dangers to the stranger who thinks he has a right to complain; but I am wrong when I say nothing is done; it is worse than that, our country is represented as a nation which leaves its citizens without any protection against the attacks of a savage press; they go further, they attack the Belgian press, they represent the attacks which emanate from a few journals which they dare not name, which they must knowbetter than any one, as the expression of the ideas of the whole press of BcIgium, and in support of an accuation which no one believes a false evidence is brought forward. For it is false evidenice, gentlevien, to say to a stranger, after quoting violent passagea trom journals of so little in. portance that they daro not even utter their uame, that such is the language of all the jor.nals of Belgium. I therefore ask the Government-and it is the- firstof the questions which I take the liberty of. putting in obedience to what I consider as an imperious duty in the present state of the public mind,-I ask the Government whether any steps have been takei to make lnown, either to the French Government or to the Govermments represented at the Paris Conferences, the protests of Belgium against the accusations of which she has been the object, and 'which I have just qualified. Another accusation. We have been reproached with not having fulfilled our international duties; we have been declared incapable of doing All that those duties prescribe to us in remaining as we are. Before examining this new accusation, allow me to call to mind how often Belgium, since her existence as an independent nation, has given proof of her respect for even the rigorous fulfilment of all imposed upon her as an internationalduty. Atthree different epochs since 1830 Belgium, who, it is said,. does not understand her duties towards Europo, has nevertheless made inuportantsacrificesforher-sacrificoywhi-hmust havewounded more than one heart, and Europe ought to keep it in account; she will doubtless do so when the facts are better known. In 1830 we entered the career of independence. We were stil young. We possessed all the warmth of youth and all the enthusiasm of a triumphant revolution. At that epoch we were reminded of our international duties; in the name of Europe we were asked not to extend the effects of our revolution beyond very restricted limits. Well; when we were asked al that in the name of European interests, and as the first pledge of the independence which we had conquered, we resistedthe temptation of carrying our revolutionary flag, our triumplhant flag, to the banks of the Scheldt and to sloerdyck! In 1839 we were again asked, in the name of Europe, to sacrifice 400,000 of our brethren who had given us their powerful assistance in achieving that independence, and in enfranchising our territory. We consented. In 1848, -shall I recall the attitude of Belgium and the service which that attitude rendered to Europe, by assuring the tranquillity of our frontiers ?-in 1848, strong in that Constitution which to-day appears to be the object oi regrets, even of threats-strong in our institutions, we were, I repeat it with pride-for pride is allowable in a defencewe were the barrier which stopped the tide of revolution, and the European Governments-great Governments as they were-would not have been very sure of maintaining that tranquillity if they had been left to themselves. This is what Belgium did when called upon to fulfil her international duties. And now, what is required of her? Is not that past a guarantee of the future-is not that past a guarantee of what shc inteilds to do hereafter ? Do they wish for aught else 9 Do they wish for another Belgium than that one whose Constitution was known when all the Powers of Europe recognized her independence and her neutrality? Mention is made in the document to which I have alluded of necessary reforms, indispensable for the quiet and tranqulilityof European States-reforms which the Governmnent, in concert with the great majority of the country, could not introduce among us. What are those reforms? They are, at least we are justified in supposing it, reforms in the Constitution, as forlegal reforms a legislative majority saffices. Considering these words, I am authorized to ask from the Cabinet a distinct reply to the following question:Has the French Government or any Government that took part in the Paris Congress, and in the sitting of the 8th of April, asked the Belgian Government to introduce into our Constitution any reform whatsoever? And, should a request of that nature be one day put to the Cabinet-I ask for a reply at once, would it bo inclined to comply with such request? These are the three questions which, with a view to re-assure and justify the country, I feel it my duty toput to the Cabinet." (Cheers.) Amid deep silence PiL Vilain XIV., Minister of Foreign Affairs, replied as follows:- " Gentlemen,-I have the honour to reply in a very few words to the three questions put to me by the hon. nember, M. Orts. He asked me, in the first instance, whether the Cabinet had made a reply to the French Government, or to one of the Govermnents represented at the Paris Congress, since the publication of the pro. tocol of the 8th of April. When I read that protocol, in tho newspapers I thought it my duty, though having daties of a sad nature to perform at the time, to prepare, in case either the French Government or any other Government represented at the Congress should officially forward the treaty of peace and the protocols to the Brassels Cabinet, the draught of an eventual reply which might be communicated to all the Governments forming part of the Congress. I finished that draught of reply four days since, and it is ready, and, if I were allowed to read it here, perhaps the Chamber might find that it contains some of the considerations which M. Orts has just pointed out to our attention. (Hear, hear.) All that is wanting to this document, which, as I said before, has been ready for four days, is my signature. My idea was to present it only on the morrow of the day upon which one of the Powers represented at the Congress of Paris should think fit to make an official notification of the treaty of Paris with the protocols. Secondly, 1s Orts wishes to know whether any one of the Governments represented at the Congress has asked the Belgian Government to propose any modification in the Constitution? None of them has made such a proposition. The hon. member desires, finally, to know whether tho Cabinet, in case such a request should be made, is disposed to propose to tho Chamber any change in the constitution? Never !" (Loud and reiterated applause.) This last word (says the reporter of the Ind4pendance Bekge, from which we take the above) was prenounced in a firm voice by the M\inister, and was received with loud and prolonged cheers from the Left, the Centre, and from some mehnbers of the Right, and was joined in by the galleries. M. Orts thea rose and said:- " I thank the Minister for the reply he has just made to my questions. Afterthereceptionthatreply has met with from the Chamber I have but one sentiment to expressthe pride I feel at having heard that reply from the mouth of an old member of the National Congress." (Re. newed applause.) The President then rose and said "After the patriotic words of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and the sentiments expressed by 1A Orts, which are those of tho whole Chamber, I think I may say that the incident has terminated." Considerable emotion was visible in thea ssembly, which adjourned without any further business being 'ransacted.
FRANCE. (1FOM O1URs OWN CORRESPONDINT.) PARIS, TInURSDAY, MAY 8, 6 P.mr A week or two ago the Journal des DMbats ex-ited universal alarm throughout Spain, and no small apprehension elsewhere, by the interpretation it gave to the visit of General Espartero to various cities of the provinces. The D6bats seldom hazards direct charges: it is too prudent, or too timid, for that; it deals rather in hints an6 surmises. While uttering its plaintive forebodings, it generally breathes a pious prayer that they may not be realized; and while it vaunts the excellence of the sources from which it draws its information, it seldom ends without a hope that it may be exaggerated. It rarely tries to produce a bad effect without leaving some little aperture to creep out of in case of the results turning out contrary to its anticipations. It is the profound sagacity of the Vicar of Wakefield" Heaven grant we may be all the better for it this day three months." If the predictions of the Dibats are realized they are regarded as a prophecy; if the contrary, it is a pious wish fulfilled. Be this as it may, any one who read the article in question must have felt convinced that General Espartero left Madrid fully intent on treasonable projects, and that as he traversed the country the flame of insurrection would be lighted up in every town, and blaze on every mountain. Such has not been the case ; the "pious wish"' is fulfilled, and no doubt the Debats is highly gratified that the alarm was a false one. Its correspondents-for its articles on such occasions are given as the summary of various communications-tell us now a far different story from what they did before Espartero quitted Madrid. The Debats is unfortunate when it touches on Spanish affairs, and never more so than on the present occasion. It now says- " The Queen had reserved to herself to preside in person at the solemnities on the opening of the railroad works of the line from Madrid to Valladolid, or onthat oftheMadrid and Saragossa line. She charged Espartere, President of her Council of Mdinisters, to represent her at Valladolid, and it was in obedience to te orvera of Her Majesty that the Marshal quitted Marid for Old Castile. This explanation of the journey of Marshal Espartero, tranmitted to us toc day by our correspondent, puts an end to all the suspiCions that some persons had conceived, al the rumours that had circulated, and which we repeated on the faith of informna tion whichhada certainappearanceof correctness,though -ro took care to say, while giving them, that ' they would, probably be contradicted by the events themselves.' " Aftor describing the enthusiastic recei2tion he met 'i-th everywhere, the Debats says:- " Every one remarked the anxious caro -with which the Marshal referred his mission to the Queen, of whom he Was merely tho representative AiA ,h=e 4slXate; 'nis attention in rendering to her on every occasion the homage of a faithful and dovoted subjece, to remincd incessantly the populations, the national guard, and the army, of aUthat Spain owvestothe young Queen, who desires to renew the face of Spain by developing the material prosperity of tho country." There is a good deal more of the same kind; but the whole proves once more the prudence of the advice long since given to the D1bats, to put less trust in what emanates from Malmaison sources. Permit me a word or two more on the subject of the " Fusion." It appears that there was another cause besides the one I have mentioned for the dissolution of that "family compact," and which of itself would have been sufficient. You are aware that the personage who was most opposed to the act of submnission made by the Orleans family was the Duchess of Orleans. This exemplary and spirited lady persisted in refusing to sacrifice what she considers the rights of her son. She had been often and sorely pressed on the matter, but she still resisted, and declared that when her son attained his majority he alone should decide, and by his decision she wouldabide. This importantperiodis approaching, and it was suggested by the leading Fusionists here that the Count do Paris should, on his coming of age, issue a manifesto by which France should learn that he adhered to the act of submnission and allegiance 6ffered by his family to the head of the house of Bourbon. The young Prince, whois teliderly attached to his mother, and who reveres and loves the memory of his father, proved much less yielding than was supposed. He is said to have agreed to issue a manifesto, but at the same time to have declared that he adhered in every respect to the will of his late father ;-that he adhered to the principles of 1789,to the principles assertedby therevolution of July,andtothatof thesovereigntyofthepeople. Such was the manifesto he vould issue, and none other. You may suppose that the repentant revolutionists of 1830 were anything but pleased wvith this resolution and w'ould not accept an act which is so opposed to their new legitimacy. Efforts were made to overcome the " obstinacy " of the young Prince, but in vain; and Orleanists and Legitimnists remain as they were. As for the white flag, which also figured in the affair, some of the Orleanist Fusionists were, it is said, not unwilling to give up that point. " Why not leave him that rieut. ch-iffii, if he wishes it?" was tho rather irreverent remark of one or two of the most hotheaded among them. Henri V., however, will have the vieucx chiffn, and will repudiate any principle that interferes,with his imprescriptible right to the crown of France and Navarre. The Fusionists are indignant at the resistance of the young Count de Paris. If the Empress's health, which is still delicate, permnits, the baptismn of the Imperial Prince will take place on the 14thJune, the anniversary of the battles of Marengo and of Friedland. People here are so fond of anniversaries. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " BERLIN, Mart- 7. "The health of the Empress Dowager has improved. "The Grand Dukes Alexander, Nicholas, and Vladimir have been appointed to command regiments in the Caucasus." "1 TURIN, MAY 7, EvxsnG. "The discussion on the interpellations to the Government has been continued to-day. I. Mamiani delivered a brilliant speech in favour of the Government. Count de Cavour read the note which had been delivered to the alied Powers on the affairs of Italy, and added that the Cabinet of Turin persisted in its policy towards the Court of Rome. The deputies of the R ight and Left offered their support to the Government, if circumstances should require it. The Chamber adopted an order of the day approving of the conduct of Count de Cavour." The following is the expose des motifs of the bill presented yesterday to the Legislative Body relative to the baptism of the Prince Imperial:- " Gentlemen,-The baptism of the Prince who has just been given to France wivl be celebrated on the - June, in the Cathedral of Notre Dame; and we bring you, gentlemen, a bill destined to cover the expenses of that august ceremony. It appears to us that, when we speak to an assembly which has given sach striking proofs of patriotism and of devotedness to the Emperor, it is useless to insist on the character of that fete, at the same time religious and national. *. BOINVILTIERS, President of the Section of Finance, Reporter. "C AILLE GODELLE, Councillor of State. "GASC, Councillor of State." A letter from Brussels states that Prince Oscar, Duke of Ostrogothia, second son of the King of Sweden, is expected in that city on his way to Paris. The Prince travels incognito, accompanied by three o9ficers. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f 40c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 60c.; and the New Loan at 75f. ooc. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,435f.; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 1,002f. 50c.; New Shares, 920f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,465f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 957f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 820f.; Great Central of France, 75Sf.; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bnkr of Oidit Mobilier, 1,845f. ; Austrian Railways, 942f. 50c. Ceurs Authentiu.-PAnRS, May S.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 years), 94f. 93f 75c.; Four per Cents., 86f. 50c. ; Three per Cents., 74f. 70c. 80c. 90O.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 75f.; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 75f ; Bank of France, 3,950f. ; Credit Foncier, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto, Tenths, Three Per Cents., 95f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,840f. i,835f. 1,840f. 1,845f.; Discount Bank, 695f. 700f.; Piedmontesa Five per Cents., 93f.; Austrian Five Per Cents., 90f.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97f. R Eomans, 91f.; Spamish Deferred Converted, 25 ; ditto, Interior Debt, 41. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f 37tc.; three months, money, 25f. AUSTRTA. (FROoI OUR OWN COnnESPONDz:NT.) VIENNA, MLY.v 5. Some time since, wlhen there was such a serious misunderstanding between the Western Powers and Naples, the Archduke Albrecht, in the name of the lEmperor Francis Joseph, strongly advised His Neapolitan Majesty to make the concessions required of him, and it is credibly stated that Austria has now counselled him to make those reforms which the great European Powers consider necessary to the welfare of his own subjects, and to the peace and quiet of the inhabitants of the other Italian States. That the Imperial Govermment has also urg,ed the Pope to satisfy the "reasonable" wishes of his subjects is certain; but it by no means follows that the counsel of His Apostolic Majesty will be taken by the haughty ecclesiastical advisers of His Holiness. The German papers state that the Emperor of Austria has himself written both to the King of Naples and to the Pope. According to the Coayierc Mercantile, which is published at Genoa, the Neapolitan Government has pardoned all those persons who had been condemned to banishment for political offences ; but the news obtains little credit here, where the singularly harsh and stubborn character of the King of Naples is duly appreciated. A general amnesty for political offenders is also spoken of; but this Austria cannot venture to advise, for, if she did so, the King of Naples would naturally reply to her, - "Example first, and precept afterwards." An extreme disinclination to the interference of England in Rome and Naples is still manifested here, but it is by no means clear why the Power which was one of the Pope's advisers in 1832 or 1833 should not be so now. As has already been said, the Austrian Government is endeavour- ing to persuade the Emperor Napoleon that the affairs of Italy only directly concern the two great Catholic Powers, and I hear that astute Monarch is not unwilling to allow himself to be persuaded. The Papal See is extremely anxious to bring the negotiations for a concordat wiith Tuscany to a conclusion; but the linisterPresident and two of his colleagues are said to counsel the Grand Duke to maintain things in the state in which they were left bea tween GO and T0 years ago by the Grand Duke Leopold. That the advice of the three Ministers will not be taken is pretty certain, for Austria has set the fashion of concordats, and a younger branch of the samehtouse cannot venture to refuse to follow it. For manv a lonlg year Tuscany has-comparatively speaking-been the political paradise of Italy, but it once the priesthood get the upper hand it will soon be brought down to a ievel with the Papal States. The official Gaaetta di Painna denies all that has been said by the foreign press respecting the oocv.. pation of Pontremoli, Bardi, &c., by Austian troops, and assures us that the Austriarn commander has nothing whatever to do -with the civil administration of the duchy. We are also.told that neither of the Ministers has tendered his resignation,, and that the Duchess has never entertained any idea of quitting the country. The auithorities in Parma would havq done well hadc they tonsulted the Austian GoYaorliment before they pubished the articlo from which the foregoing newis has been taken, for some of the statements do not tally with i the authentic information which you received from me onthe subject about a fortnight since. An Austrian picket was sent from Farma to reinforce the Gendarmerie at Pontremoli, and an Austrian director of police officiated, if he does not still officiate, in the capital of the little duchy. At first it was not denied that Austrian troops had advanced to the Sardinian frontier, and the reason given for the movement was-" Sardinian troopspreviously approached thefrontierof Parma." As has been stated in a previous letter, no more than si Austrian companies are in Parma, General Crenneville having replied to a telegraphic despatch which he received from the Supreme lilitary Commando, "that he needed no reinforcement." In confirmation of my statement, I subjoin a trauslation of. a letter received by the Militar Zeitfnt9 from Parma *In consequence of a want of troops, the Government of Parma was obliged to leave almost unoccupied two important places, Fort Bardi, in the valley of the Ceno, and the fortified Castle of Compiano, in the valley of the Taro. Tho military commanders of the places in question were therefore obliged. to remain passive. In the present state of things, however, moli, and im ble to neglect Bardi, Compiano, and Pontre- dthose plces are kept in correspondence -with arina on the one side, and with Piacenza on the other, by means of small moveable detachments. The patrols are necessary to the maintenance of public peace and order, and to the consolidation of the power of the authorities. The Imperial Royal troops, though hard worked, have not been reinforced. as before e 21st Iegmeat of the line (between 4,000 and 5,000 men) is in Piacenza, and the third battalion of tho Kaiseriiger (Emperor's Chasseurs) in Parma. Major-General Count Crennevile commands as Brigadier in the last-mentioned city, and Field-Marshal-Lieutenant von Singer,as Generalof Division, in Piacenza. Detachments of the above-mentioned troops have recently been moved here and there." For many a long day the Venetian port of M3aamocco was so filled with sand that only small vessels could enter it, but large piers are no-w being constructed at the entrance to the harbour, and the water has formed a natural channel through the bar of such a depth that on the 7th of April the Lombard, an American ship of 1,083 tons, was able to enter with her whole cargo on board. The depth of the water was above 20 English. feet. On Saturday, the 3d of May, the fast steamer Progreso left Trieste for Constantinople, which port she will, should all go well, reach in the afternoon of Thursday, the 8th of May. The balance-sheet of the National Bank for April, 1856, has been published, and by it we see that theI metallic stock of that institution is but 2,500,000f1. larger than it was in the preceding month. The bank-notes in circulation amount to 370,273,094fils., which is almost 4,500,000fis. more than inMarch. Drumhead law has been republished in the Hungarian (Comitats of Veszprim and Barany, and rewards offered for information which shall lead to the capture of robbers, incendiaries, and murderers. 101. will be paid for a common highway robber, 301. for a particularly- dangerous robber, 501. for the captain of a band, and 1001. for the whole gang, or ten of its members; 1,0001. is offered for the capture of Rosa Sandor, the most renowned of Hungarian bandits, who was one of Kossuth's right hand men during the revolution. During the last week the Vienna Exchange was in a better humour than usual; but for some cause or other the National Loan could not get beyond 86, a ridiculously low price for a 5 per cent. paper, the interest of which is paid in silver. Either Austria is insolvent or the reverse. If insolvent, 86 is too high a price; but if she is solvent, it is far too low. It is worthy of remark, that the cautious Dutch are the only foreigners who speculate largely in the Austrian National Loan and MIetallics.
THB BRITISH ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (From the London Gawtec of Fxiday, May 9.) War Department, May 9. Lord Panmiire has received a despatch aind its enclosure, of which the following are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir Wiliam Codrington, K.C.B. "Sebastopol, April 22. "' My Lord,-Enclosed I do myself the honour to forward to your Lordship the weekly report of the Inspector-General of Hospitals. "hv,&:c., Is W. J. COMMIlGTONS, General Conunanding. 5C The Lord Panmure, &c." (Enclosure.) Head-quarters, Camp Crimea, April 2L "'Sir,-The health of the army serving in the Crimea, as shown by the accompanying return of sick, has been remarkably good, better even than could have been anticipated at this season of the year; for in place of increase there has been an actnal decrease both in the sickness and mortality this week, which is more favounrable, I own, than I expected4 and we cannot reasonably look for a further decreaso as the admissions to strength are only 1-56 per cent.; deaths to strength 001 percent.; sick to well 3-72 per cent. " ' The cavalry on the Bosphorus andtbe troops at Kertch have been equaly healthy, and no death had occurred at either place during the week ending the 6th of April. " ',The Land Transport continues to have a larger proportion of sick than any part of the army; but even the health ofthat corps has steadily improved of late,though, I amsorry to say, three deaths, all from typhoid fever, occurred this week in the hospitals atthe head-quarters of that corps, and one in the hospital of the battalion attached to the 2d Division from disease of tne heart. "5 'This reduces the mortality in the regular army to six, and of these one died from the direct effects of drunkennesa. "'In the Swiss Legion at Smyrna I notice an increase of sickness, and I should myself be apprehensive of that station as a summer residence for troops; but as yet the army is not suffering very much from disease, either there or at any other place, for, taling aU the stations and aU the hospitals, both general and regimental, into account, the admissions to strength, of all classes entitled to medical aid, have only been 1-96 per cent., the deaths to strength 0O02 per cent., and the sick to well 5-26 per cent. " 'I have, &c., "'T. HMLL, Inspector-General of Hospitals. "'General Sir Wiliam J. Codrington, K.C.B., Commanding-in-Chief."'
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. MAAV 9. The University sermons on Sunday next are appointed to be preached in the morning by the Bishop of Lincoln, and in the afternoon by the Provost of Qaeen's College. The sermon on Whit-Monday will be oreached by the Rev. C. W. Boase, of Exeter College, and that on Whit-Tuesday by the Rev. A. A. Hnnt, of the same college. There vill be Latin sermon and Litany at St. Mars on Wednesday, the preacher being the Rev. G. H. Curteis, of Exeter College. There will be an election to two Fellowships (open) at University College, on Tuesday, June 10. Candidates are reqneeted to send in their names to the Master, with certi- icates of their baptism, and testimnonials from their Colleges or Halls, on a before Monday, June 2. There will he an election of a Scholar at Worcester College, on the foundation of Dr. Clarke, on Saturday, June 7. Candidates must present in person to the Provost certificates proving that they are born of English parents in the province of Canterbury or York, together with testimonials of moral and religious character. Apreference cuteris paribus is given to the orphans of clergymen of the Church of En"land. The decrees voting additional sums of money towards the new museam will be proposed to Convocation on Saturday, May17, at 2 o'clock. The sums to be proposed are- For increased accommodation for the Professor of £ Chymistry ... ... ... ... ... ... 700 For improvements in the arcades round the central court ..0. ... ... ... .. .. 35 For vaulting nuder the 'door of the corridor and making a doorway-........... . . - .. ... . 250 For oak doors in the place of deal -. . . 250 For oak floors, skirting, and window sashes-.... 450 For improvemnents in the glass roof - 5 . . 00 For procuring seasoned ti nber for the internal fitting's 5,000 Total ... ... ... ... £7,500 The various sunms will, we believe, be proposed in separate votes. -
THE Ffl1SnmRY DIsPENsAnY.-The auniversary festival of the Fuisbury Dispensary (situate at Woodbridge. house, Clerkenwell), was celebrated last even' at the Albion Tavern, dersgte.street. Mr.Samuel%Fhitbread, M.P., most ably 1led the chair, and the list of stewards inc,luded the namnes oalarge number of influenLtialinbabitants of the borough, among whom may be mentioned iIr. W. lSliclaoon and lMr. W. 1F. White (vice-presidents), l.r. Under-Sheriti Burebell, Mr. P. Philips, Mr. Valentine lKnight, Dr. Thompson, Mr. W. N. Wortley, Mr. T. Wood, Mr. James Paget, F.R.S., Mlr. Rivington, Mr. B. W. Starkey, Dr. Griffith, Mr. G. Angell, Mr. R. Moreland, &c. The chaitman proposed the toast of the evening, "Prosperity to the Finsbury Dispensary" in a very able and practical speech, The hon. gentleman observea that there was great danger in these days of multitudinous charities oE a good institution being pused by unnoticed, but he Cid most earnestly hope that the public would suppor esta. blshed hospitals, especially such institations as the F tsbury Dispensary, before resorting to more " theoretf-ia" means of benefiting their fellow-crestures. He adver',ka to the report, and appealed most powerfully to the Qneeting, as well as to the coininurity at large, notto allo;,v an old and useful institution liko this *o perish for -fant of timely support. This and other elox-sent appeal , were respon4 t by a tA.° 7ubscription of __ear _. e,p
I-PEACB FETE AT TH.E COBSTAI PALACE. As all the world-at least the London world-has made up its mind that the trumpery exhibition which took place in the metropolitan street# oz Taesday week, is to be regarded as a pompous nothing, we may fairly say that the real " procla. mation of peace " was 3nade yesterday at the Sydenham Palace, when Baron Marochetti's "ScutaeL Mlonument" and "Peace Trophy" were inaugarated in the presence of Her aajesty and the RoyalFamily. Here was an imposing ceremoay worthy of an important event. The "M Monument" and the " Trophy" had been placed-by the labour of a few days only-in the nave of the Palace, the former on the south, the latter on the north side of the Great Transept. When the doors were opened, at 11 o'clock, two mysterious veils signified to the visitors who began to pour into the building even at this early hour the site of bothlthese works of art. A dals alsohad been erected in the centre of the Great Transept, with seats for the Royal visitors, and Baron 3arochetti's equestrian statues of Richard Cceur de Lion and Her Majesty had been placed each in front of one of theveils. Inthe vicnity of the dals a number of benches had been ranged for the accommodation of spectators, wbhile the nearest galleries were devoted to the peers and members of the Hoise of Cormmons. Shortly after 1 o'clock, when all the seats appropriated to spectators were already occupied, and the visitors had been for some time amused by miscellaneous musical performances of the military bands assembled, considerable excitement was created by the entrance of the detachments of Crimean soldiers, who gradually drew up in fr3nt of the dais. They were loudly cheered from alL parts of the building. Punctually at the time appointed-naamely, at half-past 3-the Royal party, comprising Her Majesty, the Duchess of Kent, Prince Albert, the Pirince of Wales, the Princess Royal, the junior members of the family, the Duke of Wellington, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Marquis of ]Breadalbane, Lord Spencer, General Grey, General Phillips, and Sir G. Wetherall, arrived at the Palace, anld, entering bythe N'orth Tranlsept, passed to the dais, where they took their seats amid enthusiastic cheers, which were gracefully acknowledged by Her Majesty, the bands all uniting in the execution of the national anthem. Before the arrival of the party three sides of the square, of which the dais was the centre, were occupied by the Crimean soldiers. The business of the day now commenced, and the veil on the south side of the transept being lowered, the miodel of the "Scutari Monument," made in imitation of granite, with four weeping figures of angels at each cormer, was discovered. "Here are buried soldiers and officers who fellin the defence of Turkey, in the years 1854-5-6, in the reign of Queen Victoria'-such was the inscription on the lofty monument presented to the gaze of the spectators. The following words, by Mir. H. F. Chorley, were then sung to a " Russian air" by the vocalists in ah orchestra which had been constructed for the oecasion near the dais:- "God, the al-terrible! King, -who ordainest * Great winds Thy clalions, the lightnings Thysword; " Shav forth Thy pity on high where Thou reignest: " Give to us peace in our tinme,O L ord! "God, the all-merciful! earth hath forsaken " Thy ways of blessedness, slighted Thy word; " Bid not Thy wrath in its terrors awaken: " Give to us peace in our tibne, O Lord! " So shall Thy children, in thankful devotion, " Laud Hinm who saved them fromperil abhorr'd, " Singing in chorus from ocean to ocean, "' Peace to the nations, and praise to the Lord !' Now came the unveilifig of the " Peace Trophy," and a large allegorical figure of Peace, clad in silver and gold, with a real olive-branch in the right hand, was discovered on a fantastic pedestal, decorated with garlands, and surrounded by smaller figures, gilt in a similar manner. Loud cheers followed this exhibition, which foreshadowed the blessings of tranquillity, whereas the "Monument," previouslyunveiled, had denoted the sad consequences of war. The soldiers present, comprising detachments of the Coldstream Guards, of the Scots Fusileers, of the Grenadiers, and Artillery, and of almost every regiment of the Line, then defiled round the dais, the bands playing French and Sardiniau airs, which were followed by "Rule Britannia:" This manceuvre was executed at the suggestion of Her Majesty, who, during the performance of the national air, descenided from the dais withherparty, and retired to the north end of the building. Before her departLure she was presented by !L Negretti, the photographer, with a stereotypic representation of the ceremony, taken a few minutes previously from one of the upper galleries, in spite of the gloominess of the day. All the soldiers who appeared on the occasiom were decorated with Crimean medals. A medal was also struck by the machine estab-ished on the premises, bearing on one side the trophies of tha allies, with the circumscription, " Fall of Seb3stopol, September 8th, 1855 ," and on the other the inscription, " The Allies give Peace to Europe, March 30th, 1853." The musical arrangements, on the whole, were very satisfactory. Previous to the ceremony, anc for some considerable time after its termination, the bands of the Coldstream Guards and Royal Artillery, in tums, enlivened the scene with strains of military harmony-li Trovatore, Lucrcia BJorqia, Seniramidc, and other popular works, supplied attractive pieces, while the Royal Artillery provided even a stiU greater treat in lMozart's fine overture to Zautblite. This-although. played rather slowly and sedately-was decidedly effective, and offered, besides, an agrefe,able contrast to Verdi's eternal "M3-Iiserere," which was introclueed on two occasions. The band of the Crystal Palae, under the direetito of Herr Manns, also did efficient service; and in the covered orchestra lately erected for its accommodation sounded to much more advantage than we had anticipated. The addition of stringed inmstrments (suLggested, we iuderstand, by the new cooductor) has proved a happy innovation. The unchanging monotony of the wind bad. alon& must always, in the end, become tiresome. The best performance of the day was the ixtaccompanied qira-rtet from MIr. Costa's Li, "We bless you in the name of the Lord," which was suag prior to the -unveiling of the " Scuta Monumen t' with admirabIe precision by Madame Rildersdceff, rs. Lockey, Messrs. Lockey and Thomas. Of the slowmovement from the wEroic e would rather not speak. Something muight swrely have been chosen which would easier bear curtailment. The symphonies of Beethoven were not made tD be treated witlh as little ceremony as conunon interludes; nor could tho unveiling ot the monument have been rendered less imposing by its association w"ith music of appropriate gravity and elevation. The mar&h and chorus from J,ids Macwb&mus (including " See the conquerinc her comes") did not go well; but the duet from tksame oratorio-" Oh lovely peace" was impressivey given by Madame Ruidersdorff and Mrs. Lockey, whose rich and fulltoned contalto voice w'as heard to signal advantage. The hymn, "God, the all terrible," setk to "a Russian national air -the solo verseak in which were decla ieed w pith emphasis by MIadame Riidersdorff-soay be found (both tiji tune and words) in VroL I of Hzutah's firt Somigs. The melody ih; flowing and rhythr4Dal enough, but the last. phrase is nearly identical i the "11Blue Bells of &otland." It is estimated that the visitors who attenmi on the occasion were :early I2,0O( in number. llis is a large figure, bh'A. not the slightest prewwse or inconvenience 'was experienced; and tog, much praise cannot lie givsi to the Syderhm,m authorities for tht uccommodation they affcn&-a to so many specors,. all of whom could vl at their ease the impressiv ceremony that took iace before them. 'te foli ng is the return .:--A mission on payneCof 3?3s. 6d., 1,492; ditto by wewon tiekets, l0,2Nj tckal visitors, 11,788. 'MErROPOLITAN TOLLS.-A deputation, consistin& bf the representatives of the variou,s metropolitan pariskC3 waited uprn the Commnssioners of Tolls yesterday at ithIr offices in Whitehall-place, for the purpose of 3nemosal5bg the commissioners on the subject of the removal of tlE. metropolitan tolls. The iavrl of Ltnsdzle, the Cha3=r ofthe cqgmission, presided. mr. l3radfield, wlho said ]ike ireprew sented five districts, presented a meniorial prsqi, the removal of the tolls, and made various stateuus,ts to prove their injurious effect. Other gentlemen ad4o"g the comln missioners in support of the object in vibf. The chairjFiaz after hearing tlese s-t.ements, said t%h tbo repreiseliMionx of the mesoridllsts would receive a.,tentiom -Qf com)piui.ls.nriI - -
MONE.Y-MARBKE,Tand CITYINTBLLIGENCB. te Friday Evening. The uncertainty as to the fnancial requirements of the Government was terminated this morning by the announcement of a new loan in Consols for 5,000,0001. sterling, the amount originally stated as that to which it was expected to be limited. The contract is to be made on the morning of Mlonday, the 19th instant, on the evening of which day the Chancellor of the Exchequer is to bring forward his budget. As the loan is to be for five millions in money, the amount of stock to be created will be about five millions and a-half. A deposit of 10 per cent. is to be paid on the 22d instant, and the sulbsequent instalments are spread over four months, ending the 18th of September. Two of 20 per cent. each, however, are to fall due in June. The stock is to bear interest fron the commencement of the present year, and no dliscount is to be allowred for prepayment. The pressure of this loan upon the mark-et durinig the time for its being paid up will be considerably less than that exercised by the two previous ones. fhe loan of 16,000,0001. last year was called up at the average rate of 1,000,0001. a-fortnight, and that oE 5,000,0001. in February last at the rate of 1,250,0001. In the present instalce it will be at the rate of only 625,0001. a-fortnight. Although when the twl'o last loans were announced the termination of the war was doubtful, the state of the market is not now materially differert. Just before the loan of 1,000,01., in April, 1S55, Consols were at 92, and just before the last one for 5,000,0001. they were exactly at a similar pace. As a half-yearly dividend is now more nearly approaching, and Consols are only at 92s, the prices of the respective periods are almost identical. It is inferred that the present loan will meet every anticipated want, since it cannot be stipposed that the Chancellor of the Exchequer woould allow the probability of any future claims to hang over the market, and disturb the ordinary operatious of commeree after everything has adjusted itself to a settled state of peace. To some persons the present position of Exchequer-bills seems to indicate -that when the June descriptions become payable an increase of interest, which would be highly inexpedient in the face of a new loan, must be resorted -to, or that a portion of them must be funded, to restore the remainder to a price at which they will float. The belief is, however, that the condition of the Exchequer-bill market has constituted one of the immediate causes which led to the new loan being decided upon, and that the instalments will -be looked to to supply funds to enable the Government to meet any of these securities that may be sent in for payment. The probability that the market will be lightened by these means caused Exchequer-bils to be slightly firmer to-day. The general efect of the announcement of the loan at the opening of buisiness this morning was rather to give steadiness to the quotations of the English funds, but towards the afternoon there was a decline of a quarter per cent. Consols for money opened at the closing quotation of yesterday, and -were well maintained until late in the day, when they receded to 92% to 1, from which there was no recovery. The fall was attributed to the closing of accounts by persons who have lately been paying high rates of interest to carry forward speculative purchases, as well as to the fact that the public -who, whenever a loan is announced, generally come i in as buyers, under the impression that, as soon as it is completed there will be a rise, have not yet had time to act. For the 4th of June the final quotation was 93 to l. Bank Stock left off at 210 to 211; Reduced, 91l to ; New Three per Cents., 919' to 92; Annuities, 30 years, 17 1-16; India Stock, 226 to 229; India-bonds, Gs. to 2s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 981- to I ; and Exche- quer-bils, Mlarclh, Is. discount to 2s. premium; ; June, 3s. clicount to par. It is presumed that, as on the last occasion, the various capitalists will send in their applications for the loan through Bessrs. Rothschild. A preliminary meeting has been fixed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Tuesday next, at the Treasury, for the convenience of any capitalists desirous of faurther information. Money to-day in all quarters was in active demancl at full rates. Foreign securities exhibited some little heavineqs, and prices generally were lower at the termination of business. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 971, , , and i, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 101A, and c. Mexican was steady, the operations having been at 2, :3, and 1. The other business comprisedB3razilian, for account, 100; the New, 99; Danish Five per Cents., 101A ; Russian Four-and-a-Ralf per 2ents., 95 and 95as ; Spanish New Deferred, -25o and 244;- Passive, 7 and 6a.; Spanish Certificates, 5a and ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 6 d and tiS-; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 94' and)rb ln the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no alteration of importance from the rates of last post. The corn-market was steady to-day at the prices of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the -week shows dulness, and an occasional decline of ,d. per lb. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 9ac. for noney and 75f. 20c. for the end of the month, showing a fractional improvement in the former case, and a decline of an eighth in the latter. 'I'he statement of the Bank of France for the past month is again satisfactory, and fully accounts for the increase of ease in the discount-market and of animation on the Bourse. The bullion, which in the previotis return showed an augmentation of 2,165,0001., presents a further improvement of -,24,000l., and has now recovered to a total of 11,465,0001. At the same time the deposits of the public have increased1,290,0001., while the discounts 'have diminished 344,0001. The note circulation has been enlarged 34,0001., and this, together with the a-cumulated means obtained from the running off of discounts, has been employed to sustain the stock and share market, there being an increase of 920,C001. in the advances on Rentes, and of 280,0001. in those on shares. In the Treasury balances there is a faUing off of 355,0001. The rates of exchange at all the principal places on the continent continue to exhibit gareat firmness. .A.t Hamburg money has again become extremely scarce, the rate of discount being 7 per cent. A dvices from St. Petersburg of the 30th of April state that the ice in the Neva had broken up on that day, and that it was expected there would be open water at Cronstadt in about fortnight. Accounts have been received from Riga of the 3d of May, to the effect that the arrangements between the Riga Exchange Committee and the promoters of the Riga Railwav in London have been fully confirmed. It is added that a convention, all the principal points of which are agreed to, is being drawn up, by which the interests of the English shareholders will be secured by the absolute control of the expenditure and of the construction of the line baing left in their hands. MTe prospectus has been issued of the Societd 06n&rie des Clippers Frangais, with a capital of W00,0001. in 41. shares. This is the company by whom the large ships of the General Screw tompany have been purchased, and the intention is to establish a line from Havre to Calcutta, touching at the island of Bourbon. They also intend to open a coramunication with Brazil and Trid Brazil with -the Cape of Good Hope. The first vessel for Calcutta is expected to sail in August. Al of them will call at Southampton for goods and passengers. The company is to be en comrmandite, with a council in Paris and a committee of supervision in London, which includes merchants interested in the trade of India, Brazil, and the Cape. At a meeting of the Copiapo Mining Company, held to-day, adividend of 10s. per share was declared, and the report was adopted. It appears that the progrcs8 the he urdertaking has been satisfac- ptory the balance available for the half-year endin rDcember 51st amounting to ,1861. The retur-ns i from the Checho mine show favourable results, and aothers are being gadually developed. It has been nresolved to ab.don those which have proved unproductive. A project is under consideration for mconstructin the Copiapo and Chanarcillo Railway, l which the directors will individnally support, since iotes l ot improve th value of their general pro. perty, and afford facilities for the conveyance of ovres. Te proposal emanates 'from er. lWheel an whose local experieella js favourably rfg arded. Tin the colonial producpmarkets during the week a steady business hasrbeen transacted, and quotations are in some instances firter. Sugar was in good demand at the commencement, and full to advanced Irates were paid. Subsequently flatness ensued, and importers, not being willng to realize, except at high terms, the operations were restrictedr; but at to- day's sales mulch spirit wvas mlanifested, and an advance of Gd. on last week's rates was established. Twvo floatingr cargoes have beensold,-one of Cuba for an outport, and one of Bahia, just arrived, for transstapment to a near port on the Continent, On the spot several parcels of Manila and ciavannai have been disposed of at the full enhancement. The good and superior kinds of coffee are in larger request, and some of these classes of 'plantation Ceylon have been taken, wsith brisk competitiots at very extreme quotations. 'The inferior kinds hove gone at a reduction. The, fact of the French' Governlment having lowered the import duties on cocoa created a good demand, followed by an advance of 2s. to 3s. per cwt. Rice has been in moderate inquiry at previous prices. There are no buyers of saltpetre, unless at rates so low that holders would refuse to entertain them. For some descriptions of tea there has been a little more inquiry, and the market, being well supplied out of the late arrivals, a fair amount of business has taken place. The return from the BanLk of England for the week ending the 3d of Alay gives the following results when compared with the previous week:- Public deposits ... . .. ;3,871,799 ... Decrease £136,272 Other deposits ... ... 10,S06,000 ...Decrease 230.703 XIest. ... ... 3207,670 ...Increase 31,679 On the other side of. the account:- Government securities... £13,755,083 ... Incremso £385 000 Other securities... 15,446,266 ... Decresse 528.923 Notes unempluyed ... 3,430,875 ... Decreaso 201,530 The amount of notes in circulation is 20,225,5651., being an increase of 301,3451.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 9,806,8801., showing an increase of 83,7501., when compared with the preceding zeturn.
!IHE IErV LOAN OF FIVE MILLIONYS. [The following appeared in our second edition of yes. terday :-] The followving Treasury notice has been communicated to the Stock Exchange (COPY.) " DOWNMlG-STREET, THURSDAYE- E_-iG, MAY 8, 1S56. "'Gentlemen,-I request that you will make it k-nown in the usual manner that Her Majesty's Government propose to contract on Alonday, the 119th of May, 1856, for a loan of 5,000,0001. sterling, Lo be raised in Consolidated 31. per Cent. Annuities. " For every 1001. subscribed in money the contractors will receive 31. per Cent. Consolidated Annmities. The biddings to be made in sach Annuities. "T'he interest on the 31. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities will commence from the 5th of January, 1856. "The days of payment, and the proportions of fhe contributions to be paid, wll be as follows:- " On Thursday, May 22, 1856, a deposit of 101. per cent. "c On Thursday, June 12,S1856, a payment of 201. er cent. "On Saturday, June 28, 1850, a payment of 201. er cent. "On Thursday, July 24, 1850, a payment of '01. per cent. "On Thursday, Augtst 28, 1856, a payment of L01. per cent. "On Thursday, September 18, 1850, a payment f 201. per cent. "For eaeh instalment after the deposit a propor;ional amount of stock will be created for the conributors. The stock for the deposit w iL be created Lt the same time with that which will be due on *ayment of the last instalment. " No discount wilL be allowed for prompt ayment. " Scrip receipts will be issued by the Bank in the isual manner. "c The biddings to be made at the Treasury on Nlonday morning, the 19th inst., at 10 o'clock. The biddings to be for the entire sum. " Lord Palmerston and I will be ready to receive, at a preliminary meeting at the Treasury, at 1 o'clock on Tuesday next, the 13th instant, any gentlemen who may be desirous of obtaiinig further information on the subject. "I am, Gentlemen, "Your obedient servant, " G. C. LEWIS." "The Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England."
' P 1YThWdtf-"V-MININSHARES. -. I I --- ---- b Fziday Evenlng. The railway-market opened. with firmness, but on the announcement of a loan there was a partial decElie which was not subsequently fully recovered. Further sales of Belgian caused heaviness in that department, but French descriptions were on the aiverage fairly supported. No great variation occurred 'in miscellatieous securities, although quotations were not quite so well maintained as yesterday. Riga Railway left off I& to - pm.; Ottoman Baink, L 1 to 1- pm. ;Bank of Egypt, ft to i pm.; Western Iof London, 41 to 3} dis.; London an~d Paris, 3* to 2ft dis.; NEational Discount Company, ft to i- di,.; Lombardo-Venetian, S to i pm.; and Bank of Swiatzerland, 1 pm. ORDD!NAnY SHARVS A1D STOCRa.
A[Advertisdment.1-Cheap and elegant books for presents &c-1. "Sea Stories, an entirelynew colection,containing a variety of startling tsofadventure, peril; and ercape, many of them , uite unknown; beautifulengravinzg, 2s 2. * Talts of Hlnnour,"varied; mirthful. andharnless, 2s- 3. "ItomncmtcTales of Great hlen-Mozt D'Aimbose, Corregio,''c., 2. 4. -'Talesof theCity aud the'Plain-a .barming vol. for sammer reading, ls. 6d. 5. "T The, War of the Feat ants:" a tale of the-Days of Terror, 2s. 6d. 6. "The Gipsy Lbvers' cr Gems-of Spanish-3o0nance." Is. 6l. 7. "The Surprising AX- entures of a Riuhnaiay; or the history of Jean PaulChoppast;" atale fult of interest and humour, vwith many cuts, 2s 6d.-Iamuert and Co., '62 NewOxford-street, anda lrasviwayg. , Advertiement.]-"Travels in Persia, Georgia, Koornii , the Caucasus," &c., by Dr. loritz Wagner, 3 vols., just, Ipb. l lhed. 'Thiswork ii replete with infornmation respecting the history. the present condition, and the prospects of the countries of which it 'treats. Thefdart part is deToted tothe Uo.osa-ts and the Caueasus, the second to Georgia; Mingrelia, and.Imeritia, and the third to Persiaand the Xoords. Lezidezservini the rtaderas a guide to akunowledge of the countries visited by the author, the hoolk is replete with classcalreferences and historical reminiccences, wldch greatly enhance its attraction. Nor does it lose isght of tbe political questionawith which the names of those countries and provinces are pregnant. Mure especially the autbor speals his miid freely as to the probability or a collision between Eugland and Russia on the northern frontiers of BritishYldi3. Tliearns gad aud su.getiou Ahere thxwn-out , e h xed with singular tiitsest.-John Bull,
-- '- RA IL WA-- "rTMTTELIW24CE'. TRA=C BETUMNS. I sThe foUowing am tne receipts of raiway3 for the p&A :> * i OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERHAMPTON. The adjourned meeting of this company ]was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Lieuitenant-Colonel Rushout, M.P., in the chair. The CHAIRMAN commenced the proceedings by stating that there were two points in the committee's renort on the affairs of the company in which the directors agreed; one related to the doctrine of peace and the establishment of amicable relations with other companies, and the other to the exercise of strict economy in every department,and he believed that had always been their poEcy. In order to avoid any further contests -with the Great Weetern, the directors had agteed to expend 150,0001., as they were bound to do, in the completion of the broad gauge over their line. There could be no doubt that by doing so they wvould throw the money awvay, as it was the general opinion that the broad gauge would be of no use to them, because theirs was, in fact, a narrow gauge line and traffic. They also ag-eed with the committee as to the expediency of having a junction with the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate line at Reading, with a view to send traffic over it to Dover. The committee recommnended the aising0of 350,0001. to complete the undertaking, and the shareholders would recollect that that was a measure which the directors had proposed some tine prior to the appointmontof the committee. He was glad they agreed in that point. The report of Mr. 3I'Conneli would show the state of theirrolling-stockon beingdeliveredto them by the contractor, and which stock would require considerable l abour and expense to put it in a good and perfect condition. lIe believed with Sir L ~Peto that their poEcy in future should be to keep the working of their line in their own hands. The report also recommended thel re-constitution of the board, on account of alleged differences of opinion cn certain subjects; hebelieved there were some lega difficulties in the way of appointing new directors, but as for himself he had no objection to resign. The question would come before them at a special meeting, and it would be for the shareholders to elect whom they pleased to represent them at the board. He had no other interest to serve at the board than the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton proprietors. If they re-elected him lie would do his best to pro.mote their interests, and, if not, he would gladly retire. Sir M. PEETo moved a formal resolution to the effect that the report of the committee be adopted and acted upon, with the exception of such resolutions therein as had been varied at fte last meeting. Mlr. Fr'=TO?t seconded the motion. AMr. BIGG.r thought they should have some explanation with regard to the position aud views of the directors before they adopted the report. They should know what the differences were that existed at the board, aud the opinions of each on the great questions affecting the company. They proposed to spend 150,0001. on the broad gauge, which it was said would be of no use to the company when completed. He could not seevwhythe London traffic should not go over the Great Western line, nor why the Oxford Company should not carry out the spirit of the agreement of 1846 with the Great Wcsterm Company. By an arrangement thev might have the time extended for the completion of the broad gauge for four years or more. Ie believed that if they removed adverse parties from the board and came to a speedy arraugement with the Great Wlestern Companythere wouldbe no necessity to expendthel50,0001. for mlany years to come. The CEL\IRs ? said hevwas notprejudiced aganmst either g-auge, but he could not shut his eyes to the evidence given before the committee that the broad gauge would be of no use to them in developing their traffic. There were now 1,312 narrow gauge waggons on their line, andthere was no evidence to show that they would have any broad gauge waggons on it. Air. TAuToNsTO suggested that the evidence given before the committee should be read to the meeting. M1r. Dixis objected to the directors being called upon to state their vieNvs individually relating to the affairs of the company, oi the ground that the company was in Parliament, and use might be made of it against them by their opponents. A PRorsnrrEoR thought it would be useless to enter into arrangements with the Great Western, as they had violated every pledge they had given the company. Mr. SDLMONDS, a director of the Great Western, said he felt bound to say that, so far frpm violating every pledge, the Great Western had most scrupulously kept to every engagement they had made. M_r. Cox objected to the adoption of that part of the report which related to tLe resignation of the directors. The committee should have explained the reasons for that recommendation, and stated what were the differences at the board, or the nature of them. Sir M. PETo said it would have been very inconvenient to have stated in what the differences at the board consisted; no good could have resulted from it. Such a course would be uijust, as the statements were given in confidence to the committee. It was sufficient to know that differences existed, and, unless they had a united board, the officers would never knowhow togo on. He hadthehiggest opinion of the honour and integrity of every member of the hoard, but, as differences existed on important points, and as there were six directors representing another interest, it was imperative that the ten directors representing the Oxford and Wolverhampton proprietors should be united and work together harmoniously. Mr. HGzIFiLD> would have no objection to have his evidence read or published. 3r. J. x Pn,P.SOXs thought the committee had acted properly with regard to the evidence of the directors, as a great portion of it had been given for the information of the committee, and was confidentiaL Mr. STOCKS considered that it would be most unfair to publish the evidence of the directors with regard to the affairs of the company. It would amount to a breach of faith, and would be of no benefit to the shareholders. Mr;TMA-JTOMN thought the information should be given before they were asked to adopt the report. He objected strongly to exclusive policy, and he thought they should have some explanation vith regard to an exclusive agreement that had been in operation so long. Mr. Tioirr, a director, thoughtit right to say a few words before the resolution was put which called upon the directors to resign their seats. The great question for them to consider was not one of broad or narrow gauge policy, but how they could increase their traffic. The great ditficulty of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Company had arisen from having expended 3,700,0001., and havinl' had only a net income of 81,0001. last year, which was not quite 2 per cent. on the sum expended. The interest on loans absorbed oO,OOOl., and the remainder was not sufficient to meet the preference charges. The question for them to consider was howv they couldincrease the income and reducetheir expenses. Theyhad anagreementwith theLondonandNorthWestern, which had been temporarily entered into on conEtion that they w;ould aid the Oxford Company to obtain a short and direct lnefrom Oxford to London, hut they had -iot assisted them. If they could get the direct line to London their troubles wouldl be at an end. He had no object but that of promoting the interests of the railway, and he was of opinion that if an amrangement could be made with the Great W,estern Company to lay down the narrow gauge on their line from Oxford to Paddington, it would be the duty of the directors at once to come to terms with the Great Western Company for bringing the London traffic over that line, as they would then avoid the present circuitous route by Bletchley to London, which now prevented them from obtaining the Wolverhampton traffic. lr. Cox moved an amendment to the effect that the report be adopted, with the exception of the clauses in it recommending the resignation of the directors. :Mr. Txus,ToN seconded the amendment. ?ir. PX1\GTON regretted thathis friend hIr. Thorp had thought it necessary to refer to the agreement with the London and North-Western Company. It was a wide question, and reqmired much consideration. That agreejmeat -W been- of great advantalge to the Oxford and WoVBer, kampton Company. After some further olservations, the amendment was nesatived, and the original motionwas carried. Sirrx PMO moved a resolution to the effect thit the meeting be adjourned to tho 30th inst., at 12, that a listof candidates for the dircon be made for the shareholdeis ta select out of such list members for a new board, and that the present directors be reqxested to elect such candidates as the meeing may approve. A discussion then ensued, in which Mr. Serjeant Gaselee Mr. Parson, and other proprietors took pawt, in the course of which the directors present exuressed their readiness -to retire subjeci to re-election. It -was agreed that the ndw directors when appointed by the shareholders would h elected by the old board. It was also agreed that the meet. ing should not be an adjourned one. but a special one, in order to enable all the shareholders in person or by -proxy to voteon.the question of new directors. The propYet6rs desirous of becoming candidates would inform the secre. tary prior to the 20th inst., on which day the list woulIbe closea and published. The CHAIRAIi announced that the preamble of the bil1 had been proved, and the cowmittee had given them four years to complete the broaa gauge and rworks on their line. Itvwas arranged that meetings of all classes of share. holders should be held on Saturday next to consider the provisions in the bill;* ands vote of thanls to the cluairman concluded the proceedings.
THE CORY TRADE. CORBN-BEXCHNGZ, IFAMAZ, ILk 9. Thero bha beens no great increas in the arirals and the trade eon. tinnes quiet, without matera ailration in prices. Wheat is stead. Barley and oats are rather flat. Other descriptions present acar,er any change. aUrrA I& WAREFILD. 3rky 9. Thereis a good sho uof wheat her eto-day for the season of theyear: the marlket is quiet, ard millers buy cautiously, and are enabled to sup. ply their ivants at last 9Tiday's rates. Barley Is. per quarter lower. eans steads. uInoatsand Ehelling nomaterial change. OIl. New. heper quarter of 8 bushels, C01b.- S. X. 1. tI Essx,Suffolkl and Kent. white .. 73 to 77 72o 73 Bed .. .. . 6 - 72 63-71 cIrfolkand a&mbridge, Whiste.. . 70 - 74 6-73 Red .. .. 67 -71 62-6S Lincolushire and YorVj ire, Vhita .. 70 - 74, C3-73 R~ed .. .67-71 62 - 6 Dantsic and Konigsberg * 70 - 75 - - Baltic and Haburg,ed.. . 64 - 6S - - Burley, per quarter of 8 bushels.- loriolk and Suffolk: Imperial .. .. - _ _ 41 - 42 Yorlcshire and Lincolbshire, SSlb. per bushel .... - - - 42-44 Beans, per quarter of S bushels, 631b.- Eulish, old . 46 - 4S to 50 helv . . ,,,.,,41 -44 Foreign, ne .. . 39 41 to 42 Egyptian .. .. .. .. .. 34 - 35 Oats. perstone- English * .12;1-33ld. 14W. Scotch.. 13c-14d. 14S. Sheging ioer load ofGl1hb.. , 33 34 Walt, per load of six imperlalbusbels .5 54 _ 56 AVERAGE IMICES FOP. T5IE 'VEK ER%aDDZO atTA: l16. LIVERPPOOL, Ffl)AV ,MAYO9 The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise during tho pmt two days have ben trifiing. From foreign ports, however, we have received 9,790 quarters whtat ltof which 3,520 quarters are EgyptiAn), 8,13i quarter& Indian corn, 4,105 sacks and 2,552 barrelg lour. The experts in the same time comDrise 1.256 qua-ters wheat, 5.247 qurters dian crn, 1.230 sacks and 741 barrels flour. There has heen little doing int the trade since Tuesday; however, holders of wheat and flour shvw great fin ess. White Indian corn h13beenin demaud at rather better prices, but yelow and mixed have met vith little attention although offered on easierterms. Tne weather continues extremely cold and dry, and both hebat and moistre .ae nowmuchwante,L At this day's nrket there was only a small attendance of buyer, and the basiness done in wheat. and tour was entirely confned to small purchases for immediate consumption; however, prices were wel maintained; in some cases rather more noney was paid for fine samples of each, which are becomnig exceedingly scarce. Oats consminded late rates in the sales made: and oatmeal bronght Gd. per load more money. 13nrley and pens rmained as last quoteid Beaus wvere the turn dearer. Indian corn met wv.ith a fair sale at 2°s. G1_ per quarter for prime yellor and mixed, and 30s. to Sts. for prime -white.
LIVERPOOL COTOXO-MARXET. ITVEtPOOT. IT. Q EaleL-This wveek, 5,490; total this year, 1,182,920; same period in 1855,, 1,21,640 Im oteL-This veek, 2°,733; total this year. 1,003,005: uame period in 1855, 934,039; total imuported in lSSS 2.18i31. 50 ort0ved.-Tins year. 6L31,48 same pleriod in lSSS, S3,097. Computed Stores.-l'is day. 539,750; sam4e period in 1855. SS7,110. Taken for Consuinption.-This year, 532,900; samse period in 1535. 13.lee. Tal-en on specalatiou tbis year. .275,520 Same in 1S .. .. 3'0,155 Stock in Liverpool, December 31,3S55 .. 428,8l0 Same in. .. 1.4.551,340 Increase of import this year, comPared with tbh zame date let year. 6. Increase ofexport ..251 Decrease of stocl .. .. 472-610 Increase of quantity taken for consunption .. .. 12,1GO Our market has presented ony a quiet appearance this wreelk, tbhe trade buying cautiously. and, holders beinF iviling to met. tbe demend, a good supply has been offering, gsving busers rather better choice. 'rices of American cotton are in consequence barely Elpported, and in commoner qualitics a concession has occasionally beren madeto ffect sales, 3.t hardly amounting to a quotable decline. In Sea Islands the business done has been only moderat2, and at previons prices. The demsad for Egyptians has been of an average amrnant, -v.ithout any apparent change in their Talue. Erazils bave not been much inquired for, and numaitv without alteration in price. A fair amount of transactions has taken pl.ce in Surats, yet lest week's rates are obtained with difficulty. To-day 'we have only a moderate domanil, and the marlket is iell supplied and closes rather tamely, tho sales aol. exceeeding 6,000 bales, ncar1yaU totbe trade. 9,SM American. 35j0 Egyptians. 70 Perau, 200 Bahia, and 2,300 Surat are reported on spcction; 5910 American and 3.80D Ssrat for export. There lias been a limited demand for cotton to-day, and the sale3 do not exceedS6,000 balos-1.000 en sp>eculation and for export. A. list market. Prices unaltered.
COLLECTION OP THE LATE SAMUEL 1.OGF.RS ELEvTNTn DAV_ The sale oF yesterday was entirely confined to engravings; many of them, especially those of the old schools, fetched high prices. 1423. Tivoli, after Turner, by Goodadl, proof before letters, 101. 5s. 1424. Ancient Italy, after Turner, proof before letters, 12.A guineas. 149L La Foi, I'Esp6rance, et La Charit6, after Raffaelle, by Desnoyer, 11. IOs. 1494. The Lunettes of the Vatican, by R. Mtorghen and Volpato, some proofs, 201. 1547. 2S Schon.-The Tenptation of St. Anthony, very fine and rare, S. vs. A. DURER. 1549. The SL Hibert, very fine, 171. 1550. Melancholy, 91. 1551. The Knight of Death, extr fine, 38l.-Evans. 1553. Les Ogesd'inUr, and a lady ona horseback, 81. 5s. o558. The Coat of Arms, with the Cockr, 81. RM"eRANrDT. 15G7. EBp]iiu Bonus, veryfine, illl. is. 156S. The M , G61. 10s. 1569. The Three Trees, fine, 191. 10s MARC N'T0NIO. 1574. David and Goliah, proof before the tablet, extra fine and rare, 26 guineas. 1577. The Murder of the Innocents, very fine, 221.- Colnaghi. 1578-9. Christ in the lonse of the Pharisee, and the Descent from the Cross, very fine, 11l. 10s. 1580. The Virgin and Child, from the Madonna del Folgno, very fine, 20 guineas. 1581-3. The Virgin and Child, very fine and rare; La Vierge anu ercean, very fine; and the Virgin, writh the armi covered, 191. 1,587. The Choice of Paris, very fine, 32 guineasColnaghi. 1,589. Mount Parnassus, very fine, 91. 1,590. The An_les of Ghigi Palace, 251 gumneasColnaghi. 1,594. Philosophy, very fine, 12 guinexs-Colnaghi. 1,595. Poetry-, before the inscription on the Uablet, ex. tremelv rare, 50 guineas-Evans. 1,597-8. The Young Mother, and tho Woman in Iledita. tion, fino-From Sir ? Lely's collection, 10' 1,599. Portrait of lRaffaelle, very rare, 381. 1,600. Statue of M. Aurelins, very rare, 91. 1,609. A Veneziano, the Stregozzo, veryfine, S. 5s. 1,615. G. Ghisi.-The5rophet Joel, after ichaelAngeIo a uniue unfinished proof, 20 ginleas. 1,615cc. A very choice collecsion of 167 Italian woodcuts, formed by MIr. Rogers, and bound together in one volume, folio, rus3ia. Many autograph notes by Mlr. Rtogers are inserted inthis interestir,gvolune, 61 guineas-Radcllyffie. .Anount of the day's sale, 8301. C1ARTE-HOUSE SC]EOOL.-The senior priz_eaEho larship, open to competition, on the ancient foundation of this school was awarded on Thursday last to M1r. Girdlestone, eldest son of the Rev. Edward Girdlestone, canon of BristoL The junior prize scholarship was awaz&d to. Mr. Jeblx Both of the successful cauid7.ies wet. U Le %ixth foaa.
- APPEALS, OUSE-O LOREDsYv 9. -Their LorddJhias_st_his morning foi.the purpose of heia;i lnigappeals. Theanoble Lords present were tbe Lord Chan. olior, Lord.Brougham; and thecBish6p of Bath and Wells. SANERY V. RICHARD AND JOHN KING. -Thiswasan appeal from a decreeof the Vice-Chance?lor S'tart, made in a suit instituted by the respondent Richard Riin" against the appellant, and the respoiident John King, lMs?at&er, to set~ aside as against the reslpondent Richard Ring a mortgage, dated the 8th of April, 1835, and, so far as it affected his interest only, aconveyance by deed, dated the 21st ana 2-2d of March, 1839, of an estate in the county of Devon called Fowelscombe, to which the xespondent Richard bec?me entitled in fee in remainder upon the death'of his father; and to obtain a reconveyance of such remainder infee discharged from the mortgage. If the Court were of opinion that the mortgage was valid, then that there should be a reconveyance of such remainder, subject to the mortgage, or repayment of 3,0COI. and interest. The decree appealed from -set side the mortgage as against the zespondent Richard King, and set aside the sale of the estate not antirely,,bhut only as regarded the respondent Richard's interest therein. It appeared that the title of therespondents to the Foweiscombe estate vas derived under the wliU of Richard King, an uncle of the respondent John King, by 'which he devised the Fowelscombe and other estates to the use of the respondent John KCing for life, with remainder to his sons successively in tail male, with remainder to R. King, the brother of the respondent Jobn King, and his heirs male, -with remainders over. The testator dying in 1811, the estate came into the possession of John King. On the 7th of May, 1835, the respondent Richard King attained his majority, previously to which period John King kad become indebted to the appelant in various sums, amounting together to abont 19,6671. lGs. Sd., secured by mortgages on his life estate in the devised estates, and also ,by policies of insurance on his life, amonnting in the wvhole to 8,7001., the premiums on which, amounting to 3091. ISs. 7d. per annum, were payable by John Kiing A few days after Richard King attained his majority he signed certain disentailing deeds, and the 7th and 5th of April, also in that year, he and his father executed a mortgage to the appeLant on the estates for 10,0001., with 4 per cent. interest, instead of 5 per cent., as had been previously paid to the appellant. Several other sums of money being subsequently raised upon fresh mortgages upon the estates, it was ultimately agreed that Fowelscombe should be sold, and theappellant purchased it for 23,7001. in November, 1S82, when 3,0001. was p aid over to the respondent Richard in consideration of his having cut off the entaiL The life policies were also to become the property of Richard on the death of his father. The groiunds upon which the bill in question w.as filed were contained in the following allegat.ons :-First, thatthc concurrence of the said RichardKing, as well in the mortgages as in the sale, was procured by an undue exercise of the parental influence of his father; thin, that such influence w as exerted at the suggestion of whe ap vho had been and was the family solicitor; thatth spondent, Richard, acted in ignorance of his rights;* and that the 3,0 . p.aid to the respondent out of the purchase-money of the estate w. as an inadequate price for his rernainderin fee. On the cause being argued before the Vice-Chancellor Stuart, he had made the decree now appe,aled against. - This cause was argued before their Lordships at the beginning of this session, wvhen judgment was postponed. The LORD CILUCELLOR, in giving judgment, said, it was the duty of the appellant to show that the respondent, Richard, had not acted under the undue influence of either his father or himself, whicb, in his opinion, had not been proved. The mortgage had been executed within a few days of Richard attaining his majority, whil he was under his fathefs roof; and, therefore, theyrequireda strict proof that he had had the advice of competent persons before signing away his estate for a very small consideration in favour of his father. he (thejLord Chancellor) wvastlerefore of opinion that the mortgage was invalid. With respect to the sale of the estate he was of the same opinion, as, it having been representedto the respondent that he was liable for the mortgage, when, in truth, he was not, he had parted with his remainder for a much smaller suns than he would otherwise have done. 'Under these circumstances tlhe decree would be affirmed, with the exception that the interest on the life policies and on the estate purchased in Hampshire must be paid to the appellant, as well as of the 30,001. The other Lords having concurred, The decree was affirmed accordingly, with the exceptions as stated.
7ANTED TO KNOW7. TO THE EDMIOR OF THE TiMES. Sir,-The British public just now are in the same prediunment as " M1r. Arthur Clennam" wvhen he " wanted to know.' 'We want to know if there is to he a general holyday on the 29th of May-if we are to prepare our windows for a general illumination. As we cannot go in a body to the " Circumlocution-office" and interrogate the " Barnacles," peradventure a " Barnacle" may peep out of his shell and, in Barnacle phraseology, exclaim-" I say, look here ! here's a fellow wants to know something about illuminations, and that sort of thing " and perhaps the "Barnacles" would not object to satisfy A FLO-W WH0 YWANTS TO KNOW. Dalston, Miay 9
MAIPRIAGE VITH A DECEASED WIFES SISTER. [Advortisement.] TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The Committee of the Marriage Law Reform Association are desirous, through your columns, of congratulating their supporters on the result of the recent debate on the Marriages' B}l in the Hlouse of Lords, the majority against the Bill having, in 1851, been 34, in a house of 98, including pairs; and in 1856, only 19, in a house of 141. On the recent division, 61 Peers recorded their advocacy of thes measure. Confirmed by every fresh discussion in their conviction of the justice of their cause and its firm hold on the public mind, and encouraged by the good 'wishes of a large portion of the clergy of the Metropolis, they assure their supporters of their determination not to relax in their efforts to obtain for all marriages with a deceased vife's sister the validitv which, with the consent of the Bishops, was accorded to those contracted previously to 18:35: a consent which has convinced the people of this country that such marriages are not contrary to God's word. As they continue to receive numerous applications from persons desirous of contracting such marriages in countries w-here they are lawful, they agaain refer to the following judicial opinion by Lord Stowell: "English decisions have established this ruie, that a foreign marriage, good according to the law of the place where celebrated, is good everywhere else." They refer also, with satisfaction, to the recent decision of Lord Ardmillan in the Scottish Court of Session, by wihich the nephew of Sir T. Livingstone, whose father had married his wife's sister, in England, inherits his paternal property in Scotland; the judge accompanying his decision by a distinct expression of opinion that marriage with a deceased wife's sister is not contrarv to Scripture, or to the statute law of Scotland. They talre this opportunity of directing attention to certain inaccurate statements reported to have been made auring the recent debate. T The Bishop of Oxford quoted digaori as asserting, and the ChuLTchl of Rome as sanctioning and adopting the doctrine, that the Pope might dispense, in matrimonial prohibitions, with the lav of God. Liguori, indeed, refers to that doctrine, but only to condemn it, thus showing that, by granting dispensations for the marriages now under con sideration, the Church of Rome did not regard them as for' bidden by the law of God. Liguori's words are:-" Queritur, an Papa possit aliquando dispensare in iupedimentis de jure divino5 " "Triplex est sententia." "Tertiasententia demiim commiunior, et probabilior dicit, nunquam posse Papam dissensare in iis qu-e sunt de absoluto jure divino." In connexion with the subject of dispensation, it is worthy of notice, that the Bench of Bishops gave their sanction to the Act of 1S55, which operated as a dispensation to all previous marriages of affinity; and as it cannot be pretended that the Bishops claim an authority not conceded to he Pope, of dispensing with the law of God, the conclusion ,s irresistible, that the marriages the Legislature then had in view were not held to be prohibited, jto c divino. The Bishop is also reported to have asseited that the marriage of cousins was not forbidden till the time of St. Augustine. As it was forbidden in the Canons caUed Apostolical, side by side with marriage with a wife's sister, and wi'h the marriage of the clergv, the Bishop would appear to concede that these oft-quoted Canons are not assignable to a period earlier that the fifth century. Lord Campbell is reported to have declared, as of his own knowledge, that the feeling of the people of this country was against the measure before the House. To this the Committee will only reply that nearly 2,000 clergymen of the Established Church, including 412 clergymen of the rmetropolis, and more than 2-50 Irish clergymen, have advocated the repeal of the existing law; while the petitions o£ the Laity show above 700,000 signatures in favour of an alteration of the lar, and less than 65,000 signatures against it. The Bishop of Exeter asserted, upon the authority of a conjectural s,tatement in the eport of the Commissioners on the Law of Marriage, that such marriages were lawful in enlyonn canton of Switzerland; the correctstatementbeing, that in 20 cantons and half a canton the r.arriage is5 permitted, while it is prohibited only in the canton of Vaud, and halE the canton of Berne. The Committee also think it necessary to state that the condemnatory language used by Lord Thurlow, and quoted by the Bishop of Exeter, did not in any way refer to marriage with a deceased wife's sister. They strongly urge their friends to promote, on all suitable occaSiOns, temperate discussion on the subject, that having been hitherto the chief means of the, radual hut steady progress of their cause, as it doubtless will be, at no distant period, the means of its ultimate success. I have the honour to be. Sir- your obedie.nt i.rv,,, JOSEPH STANSURY. M. -,.. Ton ., Comraittee.room, 26, Parliament-street, May 5, 1856.
" IY RE STAHANY AND CO." TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. -Sir,-In an appEcation made in the Rolls' Court on Wednesday last by the Cattle Insurance Company for an injunction to stay proceedings against then by the assignees of 3Wessrm. Strahan, I fnd it stated that a bond executed by them for 2,0001. and a promissory note for the same sum had "found their 'wayinto the possession of Catherine Erances Gore.". As this expression is liable to misconstruction, I take the liberty of stating that these bonds, with others to the amount ot about 5,O00 "., were deposited with myaolicitor by Strahan and Co. -s sc rit ors-oe f in appropriated to the uase ofthe by srust-money the John Dean Paul, who diedin 12.my trust I have the honour to be, Sir, vowr obedient bumble servant, V. F. GORE.
AW BREPORT. COURT OF QiEES BENCH, WMsAMnsTE, MAY 9. BOX V. SIR ISAAC LYON CGOLDSMD.- BxiBt. (S",7ngs at Yi.i Pr;us, befoare Lord CAMPIBELL and c6mman Jurics.1 Mr. hI. Chambers, Q.C., and MIr. Holl appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Bovill, Q.C., and mr. Holland for the defendant. -The plaintiff in this action, Thomas Box, wvas the keeper of the Egremont Arms Hotel, in Brighton, and he sued the defendant, Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, Bart., to recover the sum of 10GI. Ss. 6d., being the amount of the plaintiff's bill for board and lodging, &-ci, supplied to Mr. and M3rs. Moses Goldsmid, in the latter part of thae year 13954. The defendant pleaded the general Lsslie, denysmg his liability. Mr. CmuIsBERs, in opening the case, said Mr. and Mrs. Moses Goldsmid came to the plaintiff's hotel in September, 1854, and stayed for five days. The bill was then sent up, but when Mr. Moses Goldsmid WRas aDplied to for tie moiey, he said he had none, and referred to the defendant. Mr. Moses Goldsmid had been taken ill while at the hotel, and Mr. Cridland was called in, and also Dr. W"ardell. A Ur. Scott also came from the Baroness, and when Mr. Cridland saw the Baron at the request of Mr. Moses Goldsmid, the Baron desired that his brother-in-law should have everything that was necessary and comfortable. The plaintiff, acting under the conviction that the Baron was to pay, supplied what was necessary, and thus the bill, which amounted to 1061. Ss. 6d., had been incurred. The learned counsel then called the plaintiff's wvife. Mrs. Box &aid,-I anm the plaintiff's wife. hMy husband keeps the Egresnont HoteL. On the 13th of September, 1854, MIr. Moses Goldsmid and his wife came to our hoteL TheylivedwelL. About five or as-xdays afterthe bill was sent in to MUr. Goldsmid. Hesaid hehad not the money to pay. He was taken ill and could not leave. On the 23d of September Mr. Scott called. I had a conversation with him. He inquired as to whether Mr. Goldasmid was in the house. I told him that Mr. Goldsmid and his wife were there. I told Mr. Scott what had taken place with respect to the bilL Mr. Moses Goldsmid and his w,ife remained in the hotel after that interview for eight weeks. M4r. Cridland was called in to attend him. M1r. Cridland, after some time, made a communication tome about Mr. Goldssnid. The items in the bill were supplied to Mr. Goldsamiid. Mr. Wardell called the Sunday after Ir. Scott called. Cross-exainined by Mr.BovanL.-The hotel is in Norfolcsquare. i did not know that the woman who was with Mr. Goldsmid was not his wife. My potboy has not distributed placards against Baron Goldsmid. I never saw a placard like the one produced. I did not know Mr. Moses Goldsmidwas publishing suchiplacards against the Baron. They told me they weve publisning a book about the French revolution. I don't remember telling a policeman I did not know how I should getmymoney. Idon't remember saying that toWbite. Mr. Moses Goldsmid did not say he would make the Baron pay. They did not speak against the Baron. I had no conversation with them, except sending the things up. Ho was ill all the time he was there, attended by Mr. Cridland. The two bottles of claret a-day were drunk by Mr. and Mrs. Moses Goldsmid, r suppose. I don't know who drank the rum, brandy, and champagne. The claret was ordered by the doctor. (The learned counsel here read a large portion of thebill, showing that two bottles of claret were, for the most part, supplied daily, with frequent bottles of rum, brandy; and champagne, occasionally relieved by a bottle of sodawater.) The lady gave me her card as " Mm. Moses Goldsmid." I let hin tlle apartments for four days, and he fell ill. Mr. Scott came nine days after. Mrs. Goldsmid asked me to lend her money. I did not. She did not say they had no money, and that if they could not get the money out of the Baron they could not pay me. Mr. Scott had been in the habit of frequenting my house. Scott was discharged from the sen-ice of the Baron. He continued to come to our house sometimes after that. He did not sit with us in the bar. He sat in the coffeeroom. Mr. Cridland said,-I am a medical man at the Old Steyne, Brighton. I was called in to attend Mr. Moses Goldsmid at the Egremont Arms Hotel. It was about the 15th of September. I attended him till the 25th of .November. I saw the Baron at the middle or latter end of October, at the request of Mr. Moses Goldsmid, who is a brother of the Baroness. I said I lvaited on him at the express desire of Mr. Moses Goldsmid, and that he wanted pecuniary relief to the extent of from 4001. to 7001. The Baron said, " I can't let him have the money." He said, " If I relieve him now, he'll come to mc again." He inquired as to the cause of his illness and the state of his health. He also said, "Has he all he requires; has he every comfort S" I said, "I believe ho has. He said, "You see he is taken care of, and that he has all necessary comforts." Mr. BovaLL here interposed, and said Baron Goldsmid had desired that Mr. Moses Goldsmid, who was his brotherin-law, should have everything that was necessary for him in his illness. Medical attendance had been obtained and paid for, and what was necessary for him as a sick man was ordered, but no brandy, champagne, or claret for the person who was living with him. A Portion of the things, no doubt, had been supplied, and the Baron was not disposed to criticize the bill -with great nicety. 'Under the circumstances, he was willing to give the plaintiff 60!. Lord CAMPBELL said he thought the Baron had behaved very handsomely. Mr. CuLsnxBEPts said Mr. and Mrs. Moses Goldsmid came to the plaintiff's hotel, and, there being nothing to excite suspicion, the articles had been supplied. He thought the roposal made was a fair arrangement, and he (Mr. Chambers) was silhlng to take the 601. Lord CAIPBELL said it was very kind of the Baron to order what was necessary for his brother-in-law in his sickness, but beyond that he was not liable. Mr. BO,InL said Mrs. Box had denied that she had been any party to issuing the pamphlets, or the Baron would not have paid one farthing. Verdict for the plaintiff for 60C. PARSONS V. BLUNDELL. Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. Dowdesvell appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. D. D. Keane for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Henry Parsons, was a coal merchant and carman in Gun-lane, Limehouse, and he sued the defendant, John Blundell, who was a coppersmith in the same neighbourhood, to recover damages for slaisderous words spoken of the plaintiff by the defendant. The declaration alleged as special damage thatMessrs. Aspinall and Mack-enzie, sugar refiners and merchants, had in consequence of the slander refused to employ the plaintiff. The slander complained of was that the defendant had told Messrs. Aspinall and Mackenzie that the plaintiff had said that they (the Messrs. Aspinall and Co.) were on the verge of bankruptcy. BLr. Aspinall was called, and said he had discharged the plaintiff in consequence of whatheheard fromthe defendant hut that he had been for some time contemplating that step. He gave as a reason that he had sustained great lossesinthe weig ht of his sugar, which he could not account for; and that he suspected the plaintiff (Parsons) had not dealt righily by him. Ultimately the plaintiff consented to be nonsuited. lord Csaxrssxns. having tried one other cause, said he had some important business of a public nature to attend to, and adjourned the Court.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. WESTaNSTEP.. 3MAY 9. (;:;ttings at Hisi P-ius, before Mrr. Justice WILLES.) This was the first day of the sittings after term. The cause list contains an entry of 23 causes, two of which are marked for special juries. SP.IGG V. ,TTTEXNOROUGH. This was an action of trover, to recover the value of a large quantity of books improperly pledged with the defendant. Mr. Reating, Q-C., and ljIr. Parry appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Byls and Mr. Prentice for the defendant. The plaintifE it appeared, is a book and printseller, carrying en business in Great Russell-street, and in 18-54 he had in his employment, as his agent, a man named WiDiams whose duty it was to carry out books, &c., to take and obtain orders for books, for the sale of which he was allowed 10 per cent. Williams represented that he had orders for a large quantity of books from various customers, and under that representation the books were intrusted to him to deliver. These books were debited to the persons to whom they were represented to be sold, and Wiliams was intrusted to collect the amount for which they were sold. It turned out, however, that he had pledged them to Mx. Attenbor6ugh, the defendant, who isan extensive pawnbroker in London. For these pledges Williams had received 2581. ; but the books pledged were worth at cost price 60S1., and at the selling price between 8001. and 9001. Wiliams was afterwards prosecuted for obtaining the books by false pretences and convicted, and it was now sought to recover from the defendant the value of the books ledged with him, they having been sold by him at Messrs. febenham and Storr's. For the defendant it was contended that Williams was intrusted with the books to sell them to anybody he could, and the convict Williams was called to prove this, and it was submitted that under the Factors Act (5th and 6th Victoria, c. 39, ss. 1-5) Wiliams had authority to dispose of the goods, and that the goods were bond flde pledged, and the property in them passed under the contracts entered into. The learned JUDGE, in summing up, left it to the jury to say whether the advances made on the books were made bond fde, and under the notion that they were made to the owner of thegoods, so as to bring thistransaction under the Factors Act; for, if not, Williams, who pledgedthe books, could give no better title tQ them to the defendant than he had himself. And. with reference to the terms under which Wiliams was employed by the plaintiff, he should ask the jury to say- first, whether Williams was intrusted with the possession of books to sell to such persons as he could find to buy them, or only to deliver them to such persons as he represented had bought them; and, secondly, the same question as to the particular books pledged. The jury found that the advances were not bead jUte made;* that the books were enly intrusted to Williams to deliver to the personsvwho ordered them, and so of the particular books. UJpon this finding his LoaRnsnsr directed a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount agreed upon-500l.
COURT OF EXCEQUER. TnHuEsAY, MAy S. Thisbeingthe last day of term, the Court vas chiefly engaged only on eases involving disputed matters of fact of an ordinary description, and rose at an early hour. The followving was the onlyr case which presented any point of public or professional interest:- rOOLE V. GOULD. This was a rule to set aside the service of a writ of summons, on the double ground that it was effected on the defendant while attending as a party and a witness on the trial of a cause in the Court of Queen's Bench, and that the service consistedsimplyof the delivery of a closed envelope containg the copy of the writ by a lad, who immediately, and without explaninig his errand or the contents of the en. velope, disappeared. hlr. PrmTZsnostr now showed cause on affidavits which flatly contradicted the defendant as to the mode in which service had been effected; and, as to the objection that it took place in court, the learnedcounsel contendedthat there was no weight to be attached to it, inasmuch as, though it might be desirable to serve process eLsewhere than in a court of justice, there was nothing absolutely illegl in it so as to render it void. He was then stoppei and - Mr, PAL;a being called On to support tfle rule, admittedI as to the one point that hc*ak w ot Mf eourt, but argued, as to the other, that service on-a party and witness in a cause in open court was void, on the ground that the-practice had a tendency to :create confusion and disorder in a place where all parties present ought tobe exempt from such disturbin!causes In support of his argument the learned cueceTaylor on Eisdence- ansd AChld'JS Practice,. both of which writers so laid it down on the authority of two old cases reported in "2d Strange," pages ,094, aad A "Andrews," wheyr it was held thit an attorney was guilty of contempt for-serving a writ - in court, and made to waive the seryice, in order to avert the consequences of his conduct. In one bf these cases the Court, in giving judgment, was`reported to have assigned as areason for discountenancing the practice that it led to "- terror and distraction," and they threatened if it recurrel to "lay the bailiff by the heels." M1r. Baron ALzDnRsoN.-We have heard of the wisdom of our ancestors; but I don't think these cases go to prove it There can be no objection to this service. 'Nhen I -was at the bar I remember taking an objection in a case of biganmy that the prosecution ought to prove the Scotch law (svhit h my client had brought a Scotch advocate to prove, if necessary), and the other side, seeing our witness in court, at once subpcenaed him. No terror or distraction ensued, and I cannot see what evil consequences can follow from a lawyer's clerk putting a paper in a man's hand in open court, which politely invites him to appear to a writ within live days.- The CEsmr BARON.-I this supposed rule of pCratice were to premait, a court of justice would be a sanctuary, while sittinzr, within which the process of the law would not run. As the time is approaching when we may hope for warm weather, I should be sorry to lay down as a rule of law that every one attending this COUrt would he excempt from service. The fact is that, though the *service may be objectionable on some grounds, yet, being effected it is valid-feri non dehet, factiln r:atet. Rule discharged, and with costs. (Sittings at Hi-Si Prius, before Mfr. Baron 1TLsnm.) RENXIKFU V. rnraPSs. Mr. Serjeant Pigott was counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Joyce appeared for the defendant. This was an action to recover 131., being half a-year's rent for No. 1, Heatheock-court, Strand, and 2fft., being one year's rent in respect of NWo. 2, in thie same place. The defendant admitted his liability to the smaller sumi, but disputed it as to the Larger,. the question betwveen him and the plaintiff befing whether the two houses had been taken by him under one holding or under two. In -the former viewv the defendant would he liable notwiithstanding a notice to quit No 2. In the latter the notice would be operative. It appeared that this action in so far as this point wasco6ncerned was an a ppeal by the plaintiff from the decision of the learned Judge of the Westminster County Court, who had given a judgment for the defendant some months ago. On this occasion the plaintiff was equally unsuccessful as on the farmer, for the jury only awarded hiun 131.; whereupon Mr. Baron MAtRTeN refused to certify for costs, as lie considered that the defendant had succeeded on tlhe main question in the cause. Verdict for the plaintiff 131, without costs, accordingly. :EXCHEQUSER CHAMBER. Sittings in Ei-ror.-('Present. the LORD CEuIIE JUSTICE of the Court of Cosnaioi Pleas, the LORD CEIIEF BARON, Mrfs. Baron ALPERSON, Ui:- Just*ce CoLE.munozE Mr. Ju.st ice WIOG11TblAN, Mrs. Justice ELE, dlr. Jzrs ice CuossrroN, Mr: Justice CRowDEEu, anld Mr.: Baron CARSON V. ARALI. -Their LonnsmrIs, in de]iverisg judgment in this ease, said the action was brought by the aefendant in error, the plaintiff in the court belowv, on twvo -policies of insurance for 9,000!., whichl had been effected in 1851, on 2,(i88 bags of linseed on average from Calcutta to London. The vessel having met wvith a hurricane on her voyage home, 1,023 bags wvere throvwn overheard so as to lighten her; hut she was ultimately compelled to put into p)ort in a leaLy state, when it was found that 1,023 of toe bags of linseed were dsamaged; and it was in respect of the injury done to this latter number of bags that the action was brought. The policy applied to all the seed on hoard the vessel, which was " warranted free of a particular average," and the fact of the cargo having been in hag rendered it necessary to insure each bag separately. This had not been done, and it did not appear that the policy was intended to apply to each particular bag. They were of opinion that the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench should be reversed and should he given in favour of the plaintiff in error. Judgment reversed. COOPRsa V. SLADE, Q.0. The plaintiff in this casevwas the town-clerk for thebho. rough of Camnbridge, and this was an action the declaration in which contained no less than 80 counts, under 79 of which the plaintiff sought to recover penalties amounting to 7,0001. for the alleged infringement of the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, by the defendant, a member of the har, w;ho, together w,ith Lord Mlaidatone, had at the late election contested the borough of Cambridge on the Conservative interest. After the election the plaintiff sent in his bill for professional services connected with the conduct of the election, some trifling items inwhEich werestruck off byMr. Slade, who refused to pay them. The plaintiff, however, considering that he was entitled to payment, commenced proceedings to recover therejecteditemes, andalso;for small penalties awarded by the statute for the breach of certain acts with reference to the statements of the auditor's accounts. So matters stood until the auditor published the accounts, and it there appearing that Mr. Slade's agent had paid through the auditor the travelling expenses of 15 voters, the p resent action was brought to recover the penalties, altogether amounting to 7,000l. It was proved at the trial, which toolk place at Cambridge; before Lord Wlensleydale (then M[r. Baron Parke), at the summer assizes of 1865, that money had in some cases been paid to voters to defray their travelling expenses, and that application bad been made beforehand promising that such expenses should he paid, and that such payments had been determined on at a committee when Mr. blade w as present, who bad pronounced such payments to be legal, on the authority of the decision of Lord Chief Justice T'indaL. The learned Judge at the trial gave it as his opinion that under the 2d clause of the 17th and 18th Victoria, c. 102, such payments amounted to bribery, but suggested that a sveeial case should be framed for the opinion of the Court. 'l his course, however, w as not adopted, but a bill of exceptions wvas tendered to the ruling of the learned Judge, and a verdict was found by consent for the plaintiff on the 7th count, which charged the defendant wvith giving and promising to give certain moneys to one RWichard Carter, to induce himto v ote for the defendant, and the 8th count charged that the defendant corruptly gave moneys to the -said Carter on account of his havnag voted for him. The case accordingly came on for argument before the Judgtes composing the Courts of Exchequer and Commnon Pleas during tie sittings after last Hilary Term, wrhen it was contended on behalf of the defendant that the direction of the learned baron was WrOng, on the ground that travelling expenses were legal expenses, and that it oughtto have been left to the jury to say whether the money had been paid corruptly. On the other hand it was urged that any money given to procure a vote was corrupt, and that the paymnent of travelling expenses was in direct contravention of the set. Mr. Baron ADERsoN, in now deLivering the judgment of the Court, which was unanimous with the exception of Mr. Justice Williams, who was t,he only dissentient, said they were not called on to enter into any general consideration of the case; what they had to decide was the proper construcetion which was to be p laced upon the act of Parliament (the 17th and 18th Vrictoria, c. 102), which rendered the promising money to a voter to induce him to vote illegal. It was quite manifest that the defendant had not previously contemplated paying the travelling expenaca of the voters with the niew of inducing them to poll for Lord Maidatone and himself, so as to brinrg him within the meaning of the statute. It was most certainly not a promise to a voter to induce him to tote. It was a diftieult matter to place a proper construction upon the sections of the act and to distinguish the difference between the promising to give and the giving of refreshments, which w as legal, and the promising to pay and the paying of travelling expenses, which was not legal. It would beuan alarming doctrine to lay down that a candidate who conveyed a voter to the poll in his carriage wats guilty of a misdemeanour. Some of the learned Juldges and some of the cosmmittees on elections had held that the p.aymeat of travelling expenses was illegal, whereas others had held that it was legal. Those decisions w ere, doubtless, arrived at from the surrounding circumstances connected with the various cases, and their Judgment in this ease turned upon the circumstances connected with it. The statute was. dircectedazainst, and applied solely to, the payment of money for illegal expenses. TEh letter of the 12th of August was not, in their opinion, evidence withinthe statute of a promise made to a voter to induce him to vote. The question for their consideration was whether the money had been paid corruptly. They were clearly of opinion that it had not, and that the honest bondZi fdeepayment to a voter of his travelling expenses did not bring the person paying the money within the operation of the act. F or these reasons the defendant was entitled to their judgment. MIr. Justice Williamns not being in attendance, Mr. Baron BRAMWRVLL read his judgment, whlich differed from the decision of the majority of the Court. The learned Judge e.xpressed his opinion to the effect that there was evidence to show that the defendant bed promised the railway fare to Carter for the purpose of induefag himn to vote. He was quite awvare that the statute, considered as he had con- strued it, would act harshly; but he thought the payment, or promise of payment, of travelling expenses to a voter was within the meaning of the act a corrupt payment. The majority of the Court being of opinion that the judgment of the Court below was wrong, it was reversed. Judgment reversed accordingly. The learned Judges of the Court of Common Pleas having retired, cases in error from that court were proceeded with. GOLDHAMI, CLERK, V. EDWARDS, CLERK. This case came before the Court upon a writ of error from the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas. It was a demurrer to the defendant's pleas, and the Court below had given their decision in favour of the defendant, holding that the pleas were good. This was an action by an incoming against an outgoing incumbent for dilapidations to the parsonage-house and premises. The seventh plea stated that while the defendant was rector of C'aldecot and vicar of Newnham, he agreed with the plaitiff, who was chaplain of the Central London School, to exchange their respective livings " in their then state and condition," and that the plaintiff was not to call upon the defendant to pay for the repairs; that the said exchange was carried int effect; and that the plaintiff became the successor to the defendant in the vicarage. The ninth plea stated that be fore the breaches- complained of the defendant was ab- solved, exoneratedjland discharged from all claim for dilapidations. The plaintif demurred to the seventh plea, upon which the case chiefly turned, alleging that the terms of exchange were simoniacal and consequently the agreement was void. 31r. UsaNTm%N appeared in support of the demurrer, and said that the seventh plea had been argued before the Court below, on a motion for judgment non obstante reredico, the plaintiff having proceeded, in pursuance of the 80th section of the Common law Procedure Act, 1852,which held the ple, sufficient, as it did not " necessarily" disclose a simionijcil contrict:_ a 31st f U`l:iabeth, c. 6C, sec. e> rwhich dealt with exchangesand-Lesignations, laid down, bQwever, that if any -incumbenit should rexchange. any benefice, the r donor should 'o isubject:to forfeiture and hnoe; therefore, it becae=i -llMI. He c6tended' that the pleas were bad, and that-the contract was sinoniaca.l-- 3fr. S. Chambers appeared on the, other side, but wa3 not called'on. Their LoBDMMP.S, in deliveringiudgment,said they were of opinion that the decisioi of the Court below should be affirmed The seventh plea was' open to a reasonable and liberal interpretation, the substance of wiich was that the Vaintiff and defiendant agreed to exchange their respective iving in their Tespective conditions. Such an agreement was by no- means sirnoniacal; but, on the contrary, there were circumstances which might have rendered it a most proper one, and one which was neither' " necessarily" nor reasonably simoniacal. -The judgment of the Court below must therefore be affirmed. .Judgment affirmed accordingly. RUSME5S OF THE COU1T. This Court will not, as had previously been announeed, sit to-morrow (this day), as there were only two cases remiuning on the list, which have been 6rdered to stand over till - next term.
PREROGATIVE COURT, FRIDAY. ITY 9. lVIDRBORE ASND BRIDGES V. BISHOP. 1lleforC Sir J. DODSON.) tSir J. DODsOl- delivered judgment in this case, the facts of which have been reported in Tute Times. Mrs. Lydia Wilson, he said, the deceased in the cause, died on the 13th of April, 1S54, aged 83. She -was a widow, and her next of kin consisted of three cousins-german, once removed, one of whom was Mrs. Bishop; the party in this cause. The personal jproperty of which she died possessed appeared to be about 30,0001. There was no - proof tnat there was any real property. She executed the will propoundedin December, 1S47, and a cbdicil thereto in Xay, 1850, by which she gave very numerous legacies to private friends and to charitable and religious institutions, and fially disposed of the residue in favour of the British and Forei-n Bible Society. The probate was opposed by Mrs. Bishop, who appeared i2fornz 7pauspe-is. The question which the Court was called upon to-determine was whether ornot-the deceased -was of sound mind at the time she executed the papers- The learned judge then examined very minuitely the eisiknce givth in support of. incapacity, and said that ,without gding further, he shouldbe justifiedin pronouncing for the will and -codicil. The testimonm,, however, given on the other sidewasoverwhelming, and culdleavenodoubt whatever that both papers emanated from the testatrix and were executed by her with a perfect knowledge of their contents. MTrs. Bishop might have been produced as a witness in her own cause, but she could have given no evidence bearing onthe question, for she was not in the-habitof visiting the deceased. When Mrs. Bishop and her husband, proposed 'to call upon her she declined to receive them. Probate of both papers must be decreed to the executers. PARK -V. asML. This was a business of granting probate of the last will and testament, with a codicil thereto, of Mr. H. IL Fowler, late of Stoke Newington, dated- respectively the 27th of July, 1848, and the 19th-of March, 1849. The papers were propounded by Mr. Park, the executor named in the codicil, probate being opposed by Mr. Mill, the cousin-german and only next ofkin of the deceased. The name of the deceased wsas struck through with a pen, and the -question for the decision of the Court was whether that was a good cancellation under the Wills Act. Dr. ADDUTIS contended that it was not, and cited in support of his view "Stephens v. Taprell," 12 Curt., 446). Dr. HALG GARD was about to address the Court in support of the cancellation, but, The learned JUDGE said that both his predecessor and himself had decided that the testator at ghis naine through with a pen could not revoke a will He must pronounce, therefore, for the will and codicil, and would decree the costs of all parties out of the estate. FARMIAR V. BROCL This was a question as to the validity of the will of Mr. Mehew, late of Walcot-place, bearing date the 25th of July, 1854. The suit was promoted by Mr. Farmar, the sole executor named in the will, against Mr. Brock, the residuary legatee named in a former will, dated the 14th of January, 1853. The will was propounded in a short allegation pleading its due execution and the capacity of the deceased, upon which the two attesting witnesses only were exaniined. No counter-plea was given in by Mr. Brock, but an exceptive allegation was tendered to the testimony of one of the witnesses, the object of which was to show that his deposition iD chief did not contain a true account as to the presence of the attesting witnesses when the will was executed. The point in dispute was whether or not the requisites of the statute had been complied with in the execution of the Wil. Dr. JmrN\ER and Dr. DEA6NE were heard in support of the will; Dr. BAYPORD and the ADrNEmALTY ADVOCATE against it. The COURT reserved its judgment.
COUBT OF BzE PToY, Basingqhall--stre, ilay 9 Ult RE A!mIBIOSE ELLIS. (Beforc 3fr. Commissionfer GouIBsuF.) The bankrupt was a warehouseman of Milk-street, Cheapside. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Bagley appeared for the assignees, Mr. Lawrance for the bankrupt. It appeared that the bankrnpt's trading, extending over a period of about two and a-half years, commenced with a capital of 1821., in addition to 1,0001. borrowed from Messrs. Mliddleton and Ainsworth (9301. of which is still due). His sales had been 46,1191.; gross' profits 2,7211. He now owedto unsecured creditors 4,2821.; to other creditors 2,303T., as partially secured to the extent of 49GI; and there are liabilities to the further amount of 2,1921. on bills of eschange. It was alleged that he had given preferences to the amount of 1651. on the eve of bankruptcy to Mr. Brine, of Canterbury, and a Mr. Brady, and a similar preference to Messrs. Bailey, Brother; of Philpot-lane (with whom he had had mutnal accommodation-bill transactions, and who have since failed), to the amount of 9001. Brine and Brady had given up the property, but an action brought by the assignees against Bailey Brothers had resulted in a verdict for the defendant. The CommiassiosER said, it vas his first impression that this action could not be sustained. The learned counsel subsequently engaged in it (Mr. Bagley) was also of that opinion. They had been =ubsequently importuned, and statements had been made in respect to prospects of success which turned out to be worse than nothing. In exercising the discretion with which it was intrusted as to bringing actions, the Court was compelled to place great confidence in the statements of solicitors. The result of this action had greatly annoyed him, and it would operate as a caution in the exercise of his authority. It was a grievous thing that vhefi there was only a little for creditors that little should be wasted. Mr. BAMGLEY said, Brine and Brady had given up the propety, and there had been better reasons than the Court wouldappear to suppose that a verdict might have been obtained as against Bailey Brothers. The Cownn&iwsssmR.-The bankrupt has now been without a certificate 13 months, and unless you can make out a strong case I shall feel that it may now be granted. The attention of the Court having been called to the circumstance that a portion of the property given to Bailey Brothers consisted of champagne-an article foreign to the bankrupt's trade, but which he had received in payment of a debt; and that he had received goods to the amount of 1,3831. in the month of his failure, his solicitor, on the 9th of that month, having recommended him to stop payment until he had, by means of employing an accountant, ascer. tained the state of his position, Mr. Lawrence said some of the goods so received had been ordered some time previously. MIr. BAGLEY said, goods were received after the 9th of March, which clearlyought not to have been taken into stock or handed over to others. His HONOUR said, there was a great deal in the bankrapt's conduct that called for disapprobation, but the justice of the case had been satisfied by the 13 months that had already elapsed since the bankruptcy. The bankrupt might now take a third-class certificate. It was favourable to the bankrupt that he had given up property which was alleged to h.ave cost 4,0001., and whic-h had realized more than 2,001)1. There would thus he a dividend of 2s. Gd. in the pound, and which, but for the large amount of costs consequent upon the action, would have been of larger amount. Mrr. LAWEAX CE trusted the certificate might be of the second class. His HoxouR.-No. The bardrupt disposed of property to the large amounot of 9001. when he was in a state of perfeet and hopeless insolvency. If I baadjudicated uron the certificate 12 months ago I should probably have wathheld protection for a limited period. Ainan has no right to go deliberately and hand over to one person goods that he has received from another. Third-class certificate accordingly. (Before Mr. Commissioner FANE.) IN RE Wms. ItECHNEY. The bankrupt is described as late of Santa Crux, and of Honduras, and now of PLaistow, Essex, merchant. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. A. Tumer, for the as- T~he CoaDfssIatER The bankrupt may take a third. class certificate. Mr. CarnLLY (for the bankrupt).-I trust it may be of the second class. The bankrupt left property in Honduras upon which thero has been a great loss. The assets consist chiefly of cash. His HONOuR.-Well; you may take a certificate of the second class. Certificate accordingly.
[Advertisement.]-" John Cassell's Educational Coourse (mark the title!) is an entirely new work. No. 1, prioe 1lid., is this day publisbed, to be continued weekly. Each number consists of 32 puges, denmy octavo, with diagrams. The series commences with Science Popularly Explained." or 4,o00 question npon isrious useful hranches of science, vith 4,0f0 easily comprehende answers. Thus, for the sum of 2s., a tbick volume may be obtained, communicating an elementary knovlcdgc of general science. The work is admirably suited for young people, it being hoth interesting and instructive. London, SV. KZent and Co., Paternoster-row, and all booksellers. Advertisement.]-" John Ha1ifa~r, Gentleman," by the ant orof "Te Hea of Te Famly," Olive, &e. is no radyho at° all'the librCaries.f "t'brJohn Halifax, Gen,tleman.' is sniff ,iently commended by the bare announcement that it isfromthepen of the authoress of Olive.' That v,ill insure its being read by all Borel readers, for she has given so many proofs of her ability, that uytbidve from her hand will be accepted f ith pleasure. 'John Ha1ifax is more than worthy of her reputation. WVe con ider, indeed, that is her best vork. Tere are in it many paTes of beau Liul wiritinz. Thc aosino soenes are deeps y nathetic, and few will lay rovin the hbok wvithout tearful eyes. 'John uHalifax'ei a picture. reraws with a masterly hand, of one of nature's gentlemen. Everybody eho over reads a novel should read ibis oneY-The Critic. Hurst and Blaceit, publishers, succesdors to Huenry Colburn. d ildvestisement ;-A new edition of m-. S. Wd Eello'nst "'l'heflaug.hter of Night;- a tale ofthebeMies and theLIoom,n is puhlihedrthisdeax innewnillustraed cover, price ls. ed. Thi stcry of Ellgeh life, qhich has obtained such an eLtensivesale, in thuts chtt rarieriniebyt e '-RevuedevaDenx londes":-rt'ouvrage dMue allom repose curr une denuee tres simple; ce n'est, ah vrai dire, quo rodyasco d'une icurne itile orr,heLine aCe an fond d'une mine do charbon. Do la son nlom do '-F:iL'e do la 4uit,' do Lii wusati sen originaalite. Ama milieu do dC-tais inairnienlt euriena en eux-memes, ot de plus servant iA merveiL'e aux indidens du drames. cette pauvre Millicenta je ne lams quele grace qul vans chrrme. lord-cit do IdFulloma tan1t d'attraite, lea incidens sent si emnUVans. qu'on gardera tou,ours le souu'enir do Millicent lIennel de sa beaut; de ses infortunes, et de Wl intfre-asnte aestiav,'t-werd aud Lock, lN8, Fleet-street.
I .:- -POL E- , -MALBOEUGH-sTiEET.Z-George Freddrick Egg, of Brown's lodge, Wood-vale, FdreSt.hill, was charged with biting the finger of Emma Phillips, landlady of the Hotel de Paris, Haymarket. The case having been stated by the complainant's profes. sional adviser, llrs. Philips stated that the defendant and two friends, about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 26th of April, entered the hotel and had some refreshment.: The defendant was not sober at the time, and in consequence of his condition he was alowed to remain on the sofa, in the bar parlour, and after sleeping there for Eome time he became very sick.. Having partly recovered from his intoxication, a request was made to-him to pay his bill, which amounted to 7s. 6d. The defendant refused to pay, and said they might summon him. Ashe vwas leaving the house he fook up her hand, as she believed, in a friendly manner, and deliberately put one of her fingers into his mouth and bit it to the bone. The defendant was then given into custody, but he was discharged the next morning, as she was not able to attend to make her complaint. She had suffered very much from the bite, and had been under medical treatment, . Two waiters proved that the defendant bit the fniner of th6ir'mistreds, and that they went to her defence and very' roughnly handled him. ' The defendant, a mere st±ipling, said, he went with his tro friends into the Hotel de Paris very drunk, and had some oysters, but nothing to drink. He was -very sick while in the house, and when a demand for half a guinea w,as made upon him for what he had had in the house he refused payment, on the ground of the demandbeing extortionate, and was about to leave the plaee when Mrs. Phillips took up both-her fists and attacked him by striking him on the face. The waiters fell upon him and beat him, and in the mcle he did catch hold of the complainant's finger and bite it. The policeman could prove the condition in which he was when given into custodv. His nose was bleeding, his eyes were blaclkened, his lips were cut and swollen, and his clothes were nearly torn from his back. As no one appeared against hium the next morning, he was liberated. Shortlyafter this he was visited by Sergeant Ryan, who said he came from Mrs. Phillips, and he should advise him to settle the matter, whichmight be done for 121. or 141. paid to the complainant. He t'Id the constable he rould not compromise the business, as he conceived that he was-the most in jured party. The constable replied, " Well then, I supposel must tell Mfrs. PhiUlips I could not find you,' and, after receiving 4s., he went awray; ' The policeman who took the defendant into custody said, he did not notice that the defendant wras much beaten. Mis lip was bleeding, but that was alL A friend of the defendant said, he saw the defendant's condition, and could state that he was much injured about the face and bruised about the body. lMr. BNGIaI would take it for granted that the defendant was roughly handled, and perhaps properly so. But he confessed he had great doubts about the case. He could not believe that any one would deliberately bite the finger of any person, especially the finger of a woman, if no provocation had previously oecurred. He ass inclined to believe that a contest did occur and that the bite was given during the affray. The defendant alleged self-defence, but he had used an excess of violence in defence that could uot be-justified. At the same time, he must think that tle complainant might have avoided the injury she had sustained by refusing to admit drunken persons into her house, which being a a ni"ht-house was more exposed to the visits of drunk-en and isorderly characters. For the excess of violence he should inflict a fine of 51. WWEsD=sTER.-George Edmondson and John Abbott, ticket-of-leave men, who are suspected of having committed several burglaries of late, were brought up for final examination, charged with being found in the yard of a gentleman named Noble, at Onslow-place, Brompton, with an intent to commit a felony. The circumstances are briefly these :-A respectable married woman, residing at Chelsea, was returniDg home late a few nights ago, and on passing near Pelham-crescent was attracted by observingthe prisoners lurking about in a very suspicious manner. She thought they intended some mischief, and, having determined to watch their movements, secreted herself in a doorway, from which she could command a view of them unobserved. After remaining there a few moments she saw them climb over a wall in the rear of the houses in the crescent, and as soon as they had disappeared acqu.ainted the police with the circumstance, who, upon quietly follovwing in the directionthey had taken found one prisoner down on his knees, listening at the hoack door of Ur. Noble's house, while the other was endeavouring to raise the kitchen window. On seeing the police the fellows endeavoured to effect their escape, but were pursued over several walls and ultimatelycaptured; and in the next yard to MIr. Noble's a " jemmy" and other housebreaking implements were discovered. MNr P.zYNTER inquired whether the apprehension of persons of the prisonera description was communicated to the Home office? The police replied in the affirmative. Mr. ''Y?ER said, there could be no doubt that their intention was to commit a felony, which had been prevented by the praiseworthy conduct of the woman -who bad given evidence. They were committed for three months to hard labour in the House of Correction.
r7(dvertisement.1-Will vou dine with us today? The -'Wife's Owvn Book of Cookrery' tells wrhatto provide aml how best to dree and Lay on the table a dinner for two or more in any style, either cbeaorcostly. and adapted to any income, small or large. This useful book contains above L500 original receipts for disbes that can be got up in any household, and is illustrated with 250 descriptive engravings.. "Elegant Arts for lafdies" giver plain instructions in every elegant art and graceful aocomplishment. Price 3s. Sd eacb. Should be in everylad's keeping. Bechstein's " Hndbook of Chamber and Cage Birds" (2s. d.), " Treasures in Needlework," by Ms. Warren end Mr Pullan (8s 6d.), awe the best books on their sabsects. Superbly illustrated. Ward and Lock, 15S. fleet-street. [Advertisement.]-The cessation of strife abroad opens the way for the peaceful triumphs of philanthropic enterpriso at home. Though victory bas crowned our arms with success, in the beautiful language of Milton, " Yet much remains to conquer stil l pesce hath her victories, no less renowned than vwar. The I eopleo this country will have the greatest support ever yet received in their noble struggle in the cause of self-education by the publication of division I of " Cassell's Popular Fducator. p rice s.. wvhich will be ready Mlay15. It is edited by Professor Wallace, and wil contain a course of lessons in history, grammar, mnthematics, arithmetic, Fach, must; physiology, Latin, botany, and biography. Had Milton hvedto seethisday hewould have admittedthat oneTietorywa6at least achieved, worthy of his Terse and of his praise. London, W. K ent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-row. publishers of Caseell's educatiena1 works and the "Illustrated Family Paper; and'may be had of all book;sellers. fAdvertisoment.I-Provincial ewpper Society. -"At the anmual meeting o the society on the 7th , a candelabeem, of very elegaut workmanship, the production of Mes Elkiugton. of Moorgate-street, was Presented to Mr. Robert Faulder White, of 33, fleet-street, in acknowvledgment of his srvices to the roeiety during many yearm and as an expression of the respect and esteem of the members. The candelabrum is convertible atplcasureinto an epergue with richly cut glasse, and stands nearly 3 eet high-Dally}ie, May 9
SHIP NZW& zavEp-vwT. -A, - Wvin, northerly. Axrived.-The Agatrias, fron Galatz-the Mary Ann, from 3Revin. adH-the Frederick Guetav and the mma Heyn, from Dantsic. Off the Fort. -The Arran. Saied.-The Mary ALn, for St. Thomas-the Jaden, forP io Janecho-the Irene, ferfBuctochiL - - MAY).- Sailed.-The Pactohut, for Barbadoes-the Union, for Ostend-the Jacoba Alida,for Nacna-the Sarah Ellen, for Gibraltar-the Chance, for Caleutta-the Seallower, for Boston-the Peverilofthe Peak, for Ccutta-tbe Braganza steamer, for Lisbon. - - losNos, May S.-Wind at noon, W4.; strong breeze and dull harJ weather. FAnsourn. May 7-S;iled, the Queen Victoria ani theaalder, ft london. Arrived off the port, the Dutch bark Calypso, from Snrinam. for Amsterdan, out44 days-the }French brig Prernambnco, from rara, for Bavre de Grace, out S6 daya.- st&-Wvind, N '.E., strong gale. Sailed, the Jane Loudor, for Quebec-the Coml, for Korigsberg-the Meduim. for Hambig-the Elise, for Antwerp-the Ni;ht. ingale, for Hull-the Intrepido and the lferida7 for London. KBRLST6L, MIy 9.-Wmd, N.3iL, ielh A= d-TheTom, froan WVatchett-the Athlete, from L,iverpDol-the Jahe Back; froraAfie ---the Phtenix, from Swvansea-the Princess Rloyal, from3Sidefbrd. - Sile&.-The Calypso, for Deblin-the William Penn, for Waterford-Z the Neath Abbey, for Neath. Yais>oumse, Boayd-The schooner 3iatona, of Wbitby, cane.ashore list night at the back of the pier, wvith bowvs stove,loes of towojuit, be.t,- WnurswrABn May 8.-The Good Intent, of Whitby, has parted her cable, and drien on the main. B r.suDLGro:;, May &-Wind, NX.E a gle. Arrived, the New Darlngtn, from Seaham, for London, very lea3;y. GsuinnkA, April 30.-A brigantine of about 150 tons buiden7 painted green inside, apparently French, waterlogged, on ber tesni ends,ant down on her larboard side to the water's edge, andappa reatly only recently ran into, was passed on the 25th of Apnril, about 35 miles east of the roe- by the Unrestricted, arrived at Gibraltar, SrRnAsuvoanD, Mray 6.-The schooner Sonay, from the Clyde, strut' eoa Angus rock, at the entrance oE the lough, this morning, and it i5 feared wsll becomea wreck. Crewcaved. - Dusn May 8.-About 600 passengers have been landed at Ark- - low by the fishing-smacks from the Racer, from Laverpool for New York, ashore on the banks there. 3iLA E~ocrrsss, May 7--The Ebmma Ernestine, of Boyan, from tNew,pest for Bordeaux, which was stranded and sank at noon on the A\ntioth rocks in the night of the 30th of April, has broken up, bat; .thecargo (calls) has been landed at St. Deals, Island of Oleron . -- Liownarory, Mlay8.-The Hull, of 31alden, ashore on the maine -wa bound from London for Sunderland; she psrtedirom her anchors last nig,ht, drove foul of the Stanford ,ight, an made so much-water that she was& obliged to be beached. Eatwausen, May 8.-The Charlotte Maria, of andfrom Fowvey, for Newcastle, was abandoned on the 6th inst., off the Kentish Knock, with lo3 of foremast, mainmast, and bowsprit, b, having been ran into by a brig of about500tons, with while painted streks and black podts: crewsazved. GRKYE SEND. MAY & (BY BSUEMAPJSE AIn BImse TxrzaMnL) From IJord's.) Arrived.-TheCountess of Lonsdale steamer, from Hamburg. Sailded-TheNereide, for Jamaica. MAty 9. 9 30 am.-Wnd, 3EN.E.; fresh and fine; tide, last houfs ebb. AriTived.-The Dorothea Catharina, from Skilve-the Frisma, from Emden-the Bilda. from Stockholm-the Barbara, from Nykiobing. * Sailed.-The Siren Princess, for Christiania-the Panther steamer, for Boulogne-the Govemnor Morton, for rort Phi;ip-tbe City of ,Norwich, for Deakirk. 1 pm.-Wind, N.E; fresh; tide, 2 bhours' flood. Arivef.-The VrowAngel from Leer-the Jeanne, from Groniagen -the Christian, from 3ieer-the Giovainna, the FrederickWilliam, and the roll, from Dantsic-the Robert Henry, from Landscrona-the Herta, from Memel-the Auguste, from Dantsic-the Europa, fro Slien-the Funf Gebroeder, from HEooksiel. 3 pm.-Wind, N.E.; tide, 4 hours' dood; cloudy. A.rived.-The MIetta Mrgaretha, from Xertch- the Juventus, from 3Memel. 7Z30 p.m.-Wid, N.E.; tide, floures ebb; weather cloudy. Arrived.-The Abel Dina, from Groningen-the Merchant, froan Dantsic-the Union, from Nykiobing-thcEHavannab, from Dun}irkthe Jn]us, from Thisted-the Undine, from Liebau-the Antic schooner, from Leer. Sa:led.-The KarenRicket, forAlgoa-bay-theBromleys, forTrie.se, DEAL, MAY & (By SusmAInsz AY,D }ETan TxisO ) (Ffro floyds.) Passed.-The LImena, from Shields for Caldera-31er MEajeEty's e-amer Hecla, from Sheerness for Portsmouth, MAX 9. 9 am.-Wimd, N.KfE. * strong. Passed.-Her Majesty's steamer Black Eagle, fromrPortsmouth for the River-the TallY-Heo from London for Constantinople. Noon.-Wind N.E. by N. fresh. Passed.-Tho Planter, from Lonidon for Tobago-the Burkar, from London for the Cape of Good HopO-the Prometheus, from London for Ferrol-the Chalmers, from Iondon for SanFranrice.- the Queen steamer, from london for Oporto-the Chzrles Dean, from London for ,New York-the Edouard Marie, from London for Adelaide-the Merito, from London for Genoa-the Lady Grey, from London, for Sym-the Alice and Ann, from London for Quebee- the Maria G.. and the Benjamin Haxter, from London for Cardiff-the Herd, from Londonfor Jamaica. 2 p.m.-Wind, N.N.E. ; fresh. Paseed.-The Foyle stcamer, from the Westward for London-the Bosphorus, from London for Valparaiso-the Seraphina, from LnDdon for Liverpool-the Neriede, from London for Jamaica-the Bennington, from London for Port Philip-the Eliza Barrio and the cercator, from Lendon for.Newport. 7.30 p.m.-Wmd, N.E. by N. ; fresh. Arrived and Passed.-The Oscar steamer, from the Westward for London-theMalvina steamer, from Lndon forBelfast-the Adelaijdc, from London for Demerara-the PResa, from London for Bahia-the English Bose, from london for Cardiff-the Ellm, from Leadon fox Adelaide. Vzssna srons Wir The Sheridan (supposed), bound 5., April 28, in lat. 41 N., long. 65 W. The Ranhin, boumd N.E., lay l, in lat. 41 N., long. 50 W. The Samaritan, bound R., same day. The Carolne. bound V., May2, in lat. 45 N., lng. 39 W. TheCyrs,May4, inlat.47 S..long. 31W. The Etwvel Joe, from Baltimore for Liverpool, April 18, in 2at. 37 N.. loagS 0WV. The Chanticeer (steam-transport), steering southward, May 5, in 1st. 16 N., long. SW.46 X. log. 0W TheBedfocdt(Amaerican ship). March°3, in1at. 46M., long. 40W. The No. 1,23t 3d distinguishig pendant (arryat's Esicals, Etalwvart), from Lisverpool for P'hiladelphzia, April 9, in lat. 41 X., long, 67WV. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-B1RIDGE. This day. To-morrow. Morning 36 mm. after 5 I Morning 2S mis. after C Afternoon .. 1 m"i. after 6 (Afternoon .. 57 min. after P
KEN7T MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY f [Adveetisement.] Qu4een-Mtred-ptace, NezW Cannon-strcd; and 39, &t Jamees-strect, London. The Annual General Meeting of this Society was beld at the London Tavern on the 6th inst., and was very numerously and inJiuentially attended. Mr. J. T. ing, the Chairman, took the chair; and a Report, fromv-hich the following are extracts, ws read amd -nani-ously adopted. RrsntxS-195-5. "351 newpollciesavring been isued in the year this day cldeff representing new prmiiumsamiounting to X6,401 -is. ML's, and the gras premiums "eing thus inereased to the large sum of X24.531, 1s. l3d., your Directors do not hesitate to anticirate that you will join in tbeir gratification at sueb a result. The new business of tbh last year exceeds considerably er-en the Tery satisfactory result attained jn the previons year; and the year now closed has, in every view. been by fax the most successful which the Society has yet expedienced." " TheDirectors have, at the ane time, distinctlyto state that, instead of relaxing in tbeireare asto the reception of members, theyand their medical officers have, on the contrary, given their most earnes attention to aD the circunmstances of every proposal-and they conceive that this is evident from the circumstance of so many proposals having bhem declined." "Further proposals, to alarge amount, are stiU awaitIng payment., "The following tabular statement exhibits the 'progrecivc advance of your Society's business:- "2 ALAecr SSnEr. The yearly statements of receipts and expenditure up to tlb 25th of March last, and of the assets and liabilites as at that date, dulyframed and audited, aro bid before you, exhibiting tranactions ora very large extent. andabowing assets amounting to £48,408 Sc Ld" 'Ass=rs A,D IaLA IEs *The assets and liabilities hare been valued most scrupuloudy, andt amuchlarger amount of realized aets is in handthan is actually neoesgary for the discharge Of claimLs, withoiut anticpating the profitd of thefiture * and this after the paymcentof every prelimina y expense in establishingthe Society., without the aid ofproprietors e.ulpital, imi the consequent detraction on that head from profits, which, inr this Sodety, are exclusively theproperty o' the members." Thte retiring Directors and Auditors 'were re-electedl, 2ad votes of thanks were entihenistically tendered to the Mtdical Office, the Actuary (Mr. Hillman), and the 3anager (Mlr. Cunmning, and to the Chairman, for his conduct in the chair. Inthe eyeningthe Directors entertained a party of the surporteem of the Society at the tavern. which was honoured by the presence, amon oters,of ir JmesDnl:, Brt2 lP Leutenant-General Sir John Durgoyne, Bart, cuG..B.Gen-rl sWvySldpe,C.B., Thomas Critelney, s,lV William Fergusson, Eq., F.B.S., E.RS1.E, Dr. James Bird, Ri Till, Faq., A. t. Cutbill, aiq., Captain 3laejriger, Rev. Dr. acguise,&c. The entire course of the proceedings v;as meet barmenione and grtifyng, and promised well for the funture operaticr,s of the Society. ______________ ROYAL COLTEGE or SURGEoNs.-The following gentlemen having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma were admitted members of the college at the meeting of the Courb of Examiners on the 9th inst.:Messrs, John Stokes, Leintwardine, Herefordashire; Roderick Waller Merchant, British GuiTna; John Edward Barnes, Clare, Suffolk; Jobn Caparn, Enderby, leicestershire; Smel Oliver, Guldfordstreet, Bussell-sqn Thomas Henry Trney, Ovenden, near Halifax; J,oseph Treldlis Hingeton, Plymouth Frederick Fisher, Norwvich; iEeerich Hunter, Geelong, ~outh h.s.alia; alnd Janes LImbnr, lAverpoG],
TUREY. Ulme following appeared la our second edition of -es. termlav:-- - (FROM OIM OWN CORRESMOINDh.) CONSTAlNTINOPL2, APPLm 28. Yesterday the Greek Easter was c6lebrated with the =ual noise and entertainments. In Europe religious festivals have entirely assumed the sober character of our age, while in the East most religious festivals of the present day, whether Christian or MIahomedan, seem only the continuation of old. Pagan traditions inder a new form. A spirit of wild excitement pervades them, reminding one of the "sacred ftury" of the ancieRts. Among the Greek festivals none exhibits it more than E-aster. It is essentially a day of joy, so frantic, so demonstrative, that the profane altogether drowns the sacred part of it; but it bears besides the character of a religiouis demonstration, and more so at Constantinople than anywhere else. In the original finnan given by MIahomed II. to Gennadius, the Patriarch of Constantinople, after the captuire of the towvn, the last article promising the maintenance of the principles and rites of the Greek Church makes special mention of Easter, which the Greeks are allowed to celebrate with entire freedom, for which purpose the gates of the Fanar, the Greek quarters at Constantinople, have to remain open for three nights. The professors of the Greek religion avail themselves of this freedom to makeas much noise as possible. For three days and nights there is nothing but pistol-firing, drumns, fifes, and bagpipes, singing and (lancing. Already on Saturday night the beginning was made. As the service celebrating the Resurrection takes place at 4 o'clock on the Sunday morning, at midnight the streets are filled with people hasteningto the church, when they have to walt in the yar.d for several hours until the doors are opened, and where they try to pass their time in giving vent to their joy in anticipation. Early in the morning of yesterday a stream of people_tbegan to pour through the Grand Rue de Pera to-wards the Grand Champ des Morts, which is the Champs Elys6es of Pera, and the scene of all rejoicings. One could have made a study of the costumes of the Ottoman empire, for the Iiahomedan part of the population was likewise carried away by the stream. Persians with their pointed fur caps and long robes, Arabs in their cloaks and the yellowv kepi tied round their heads, KLurds in their beehive-like turbans, Anatolians in their tights, Circassians with noble features, monstrously big caps, and stores of arms, like so many walking arsenals,-all these were sprinkled among the baggy-breeched Greeks' and goodnatured Bulgarians in drab, who formedthe mass. Scarcely a batch of these passed without having some kind of instrument, the Bulgarians their wailing bagpipe, and the Greeks small reed fifes and drtuns of everv size, most of -which seemned to have been once fig-boxes. At every corner they stopped to perform their national dances for the benefit of the numerous lou:gers as well as for their own pleasure. Those who had no music tried to supply the want by singing, and many a strange air from the mountains of Albania and from the forests of Bosniamade the narrow streets re-echo its melancholy notes. The Grand Champ des Morts which received this stream had been some days ago prepared for its reception. Tents of every size, shape, age, and colour had been erected, some rigged out as coffeehouses, witha collection of narghiles, little stools, plenty of water, a small brazier, and a few cups; others appropriated for all kindls of tlheatrical performances, to suit every taste. Those who were comically disposed were invited by the picture in front representing old Punch going through a number of antics; others wvho had a taste for the tragic could find it in the next tent, where the pictLue outside promised fearful bloodshed and mysterious crimes; those who loved the heroic and martial conld go to another tent, where a lacly was depicted haranguing a row of grim-lookingv warriors, armed to the teeth. Nor were athletic performances wanting, and if one could have believed the performers who invoked the crowd the age of Hercules was in a fair way of coming back again. Besides the pretentious tents, -with their entrances shut up by pieces of carpet, there was the ambutlant showman, with his box, eclipsed by the superior splendour of his rivals, and waiting patiently for any member of the rising generation who should choose to remember an old friend. For those who preferred performing themselves, instead of seeing others perform, there was a row of swings and rounclabouts, which were in such requisition that, like Don Quixote's vwindmills, they never ceased waving their arms. On every open space, -where time and promenaders had wtorn away the tombstones and levelled the ground, groups of dancers were going through the measuredpaces of the " Holo" (supposed to be the old Pyrrhic dance), forming a circle, and bowing and turninig and waving the inclispensable handkerchief about their heacls; while on every tombstone which had been left standing roulette, with its painted tables, representing stars, bands, serpents, birds, and other fanciful figures, provided the crowds of eager gamblers with a different but not less engrossing excitement. Indeed, this last amusement, with tombstones for gambling tables, seemed to attract most votaries, to the infinite disgust of the Moslem, who, smoking his chibouk in silent meditation, thought the amusement of the infidel a sacrilege. But the gamblers were careless of the dead uncler them and about them, and were scarcely for amoment distLurbed wvhen the nasal chant of their priests resoimded amid the din and tumult, paying the last tribute to some new inmates w-ho wvere laid under ground, accompanied by the noise of the Saturnalia arotnd. The most striking thing for a European in this jubilee of dust, joy, music, and dancing wras that not a single man wvas to be seen drunk. I refer, of coiurse, to natives, for of staggering and noddling E1uropeans there were enough. In a European festival of the kind the main part of the booths would have been wine, beer, and spirit shops; here I saw not a single one. Bread, yaourd (cream), Easter eggs, lemonade, oranges, and, above all, water, were the dainties offered. Instead of exciting liquors, the crowvd seemed to desire calming dralghts. iBut, in spite of noise and excitement, no excesses -whatever occurred, and it -was difficult to see a betterbehaved crowd. There wvere indeed, for the sake of precaution, a good number of patrnatillcs and zccbtics on the spot, and during the night before they wvere marching about the streets, together with a detach ment of English troops from Gialata Serai, which, on the requisition of the .anbassador, was tiined out for the purpose. But even on the Grand Champ, -where all the din took place, they had notiiing else Io do but to enjoy the sight, lile other spectators. Easter is annually a time of dIread and apprehenkon here; as regularly as Easter approaches repatis are sent in by Con-suls fula of dreadful inzsginary dangers. This was espeeiialy the ease thiz year, on nccoimt of the publication of the YIatti-Hiumayoun, whiich it was feared would cause some collisioit on the first opportunity, such as the puW :c celebration of aCristian religioua festival. 'The repeesentations from Salonica seem to have teen the strongest in this respect, for Her Majasty's ship Ciu-aW4a- was sent there a few days ago. :n there is a good deal of excitement and an -ureas7 feeling prevailing throughout the country thare can be no douibt. For the last week all kinds of ruouros of actial outbreaks have been circulating here. Ir: spite of tlhe official declarations of tne Government in the daiDy papers that "no official miewq has hitherto been reetived of an rotual out- ,reak at Nablous," everybody believes in it. ButI this movement, as I explaiined in one of my former letters, is altogether distinct from those which are apprehended in other parts-it is altogether of a political nature, in which Christian as well as Mfahomedan Arabs are concerned. Not so in other provinces. It would be premature to flatter ourselves that because two months have passed away quietly after the publication of the Hatti-Humayoun every danger has passed. The result will only show itself when the principles laid down in it shall be acted upon, and hitherto the docutment itself has scarcely been read everywhere in the empire. Besides this, it would be a mistake to suppose that resistance will show itself immediately. Eastern people are slow in their excitement, and the reaction against any unpopular measure does not manifest itself till some time after. Thuis the reforms of Sultan 3Mahmouid seemed to make scarcely any impression in the provinces at first. The massacre of the Janissaries produced its corresponding reaction in the provinces only in 1829, and the new recruiting system as late as 1847-9. Any disturbances which may therefore take place now wvll be only isolated outbreaks of popular feeling, leading very likely to excesses, but not likely to become serious movements. In the meantime, the Pasha of Smyrna has had to go to Magnesia wvith troops, in consequence of disturbances having broken out after the reading of the Hatti-Humayoun. I have seen several letters from the interior, according to wvhich it seems that the excitement is fomented by mysterious agents who employ the Christians as tlheil tools for getting up disturbances which are certainly not in their interest. A little attention to this feature, which begins to manifest itself, will clear uip many d7oubtful errors in the sequel. The Circassian deputation, which, as you know, arrived some time ago, bearing an address to the Sultan, the Enperor of the French, and the Queen of England, presented on Thursday last their acldress to the Kiaimakan of the Grand Vizier, in three copies. According to the Journal de Constauttizople their adclress is as follows "To HIs LIPERIAL MAJESTY TIIE SULT.W, .ko. "Prayers addressed to God for the Life and Prosperity of the Sultan. "Although you are at all times our Padishah, our light, the source of our prosperity and our refuge,-yet the invasion of the cursed Russian has thrown us under his tyrannical dominion, and has caused us great evils. Nevertheless, in the same way as when the sun sets it is certain that he will rise again, thus we have neither been seduced by his persuasions and intrigues, nor corrupted by his gold, although we have had much to suffer from his tyranny. We have never ceased to oppose to his forces our lives, our goods, and our children, and, by the aid of God, we have been fighting up to this day, as everybody knows. " Thanks to God, the light of the Imperial Sun, for which we wished so much, has at last spread its rays over all Mussulbans, and especially over the Circassians. May Godthe Almighty, in consideration of our holy Prophet, preserve your Imperial Majesty from all the evils of this world, and give you a complete victory over your enemies. "A n old proverb says, ' One must always keep up old customs.' According to those of our country, according to our imperishable laws, after having taken an oath before God, we have set to work. 29 or 30 years ago, your servant ZanzadiMehmed Bey having chosenfrom12 Circassian tribes 12 delegates, provided with letters of credence, he sent them to your Imperial Porte to declare that the Padishab, our only light, and the only cause of our prosperity, being our only Sovereign Lord, we would never separate from him. " Since that time, alavays faithful to the true religion and to the State, we have waited, when we saw arrive at Anapa an c?npl?oy charged with a mission in Circassia, and provided with your Lmperial firman. Your Sovereignty was established in Circassia, and we rejoiced, and our children sang hymns to demand from Heaven the prolongation of the life of our Padishah and his triumph over his eniemies, and we swore before the Mmighty that we wouldnever up to the day of judgment recognize any other master. " When this war broke out, where our Padishah has fought with his two allies amainst the Russian, your undersigned servants have also fought, as far as it w-as in their power, under the orders of Sefer Pasha; but, as rumnours of peace have arrived, and that there is no question of Circassia, this petition, drawn up by the different Circassian tribes, declaring that Iwe wsill never separate from ouir Padishah, has been intrusted to 350 Circassian depuities, chosen aniong those tribes, and, according to the maxim that everything returns to its source, we have turned towards you, and we beg your Majesty, kissing the dust of your feet, to order that we may be placed for ever under the majestic shade of your ILperial Throne." On Thursday last, about noon, a fire broke out at Raidar Pasha, which reduced the main bocly of the palace, in less than an hoLur, to a heap of ashes. Like all the rest of the building this part was built of wood, and although help -was immediately at hand it was impossible to save any of it. The building, formerly destined for a hospital for cavalry officers, has lately been appropriated as quiaLters to the 5th Dragoon Guards and the Eniiskillens, who were thus deprived of their domicile. Folrunately, two huts had been previously erected onthegrassplotbefore the palace, destined one for a Roman Catholic Chapel, and the other for Protestant service. These two huts were allotted to the officers as their quarters, and marquees were put up for divine service. An inquiry has been set on foot to ascertain the cause of the fire, but it has led to no result; and the opinion of the committee is that it was impossible to say where the fire had originated, the wood of which the house wvas built being so seasoned and covered over inside witlh oil paint that the slightest stray spark falling between the boards -would have caused the disaster. Every precaution had been taken in consequence of the first fire, which destroyed some time ago the outer kioslk on the roadside. All the stoves were removed, and every vigilance observed, but, accustomed to more solid houses, foreigners never acquire that instinctive caution which these easily combustible houses require, and they may be said to form the incendiaries of Constantinople. The French and Sardinian troops are -still daily passing throtugh, without stopping. Of the latter up to yesterday as many as (,000 had passed; of the former 22,000 are said to have gone. No Englishs have as yet come do-wn from the Crimea, only guns and shot and Army lorks Corps and land transport material. The 8th Hussars and the 17th Lancers have gone from Ismid. The 10th Hussars are coming by land up to Scutari, where they will be encamped on a piece of ground near the Lighthouse. A steamer will be sent to Ismid for their heavy baggage. You will reniember that 10 surgeons (five military and as many civril) were attached to the French hospitals. They have been recalled, as no more are requiired. The Freiich Commander has addressed a very handsomc letter of thanks for the services rendered by them. The civil suirgeons attached to the 1British hospital have already received an intimation that they may consider their services at an end.
EAST IND1A COOM5ANY'S SE5RVICE.-The Rev. J. C. M. Bellow, Bengal ecclesiastical establishment, has been permitted to resign. Captain J. C. Fitzmaurice, Bengal 17th Nstive Infantry, has-been allowed to retire from the scrvice. Captain John Wood, Mradras, and Lieutenant Arthur Lanbert, Bengal Artillery, have been allowed to retire from the service. Mr. F. S. Danvers, clerk in the office of the official agent to the Administrator-General in India, has been permitted to retire from the service. Mr. WVilliam Bcaid has been appointed second-class schoolmaster on the Bengal establishment. Mlr. Clarence Henry Colbeck (now abroad) has been appointed a cadet ,of infantry, subject to the usual conditions, on the M-adras establishment. Mr. Walter Woodioffe has been appointed a, volunteer for the pilot service Gn the Bengal establishment. Messrs. R. Carey, C. lorster, and W. Collinawood (mateg), and Mr. T. C. Conolly, purser, Bombay navaT esta_ blishbean, have been permitted to return to their duties, and appointed officers of the hon. Company's steamvessel Coromandel, on her voyage to M1adras. Ar. Henry Thomas Eaton, las boeer a ppointed captain's clerk, Indian navy, on the Boinbay establishment. M r. W. H. James, -who passed his examihaation at the competition for assistant.surgeons in January last, has been appointed to tlhp hon. Company's steamer Coromandel oil her voyagq to r-Airas-.Sm.th aznd Oro-taxut AtFe ii.
NAYAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGBNOE. The Parthian and Growler, 2-gunboats, weretowedupon Thursday evening to Woolwich, from Messrs. Pitcher's, Northfieet, and -were yesterday maorning taken into the fitting basin to be completed. The Government freightship Rainbow, Captain Bartlett, has arrived at Woolwich with a heavy cargo of mahogany, eight weeks from Honduras. She has been hauled into the outer basin to discharge. The iron transport Jura, 2,600 tons' burden, Captain Moodie, left Woolwich yesterday morning under orders to proceed to Deptford, and have her horse fittings removed. She is then to return to Balaklava and embark the Guards for England. His Swedish Miajesty's corvette Lagerbjelke, Captain Lilliehook, from Brest for Carlscrona, arrived at Spithead last night. She saluted on arrival the garrison and admiral, |and the salutes were duly returned by the battery and Her Majesty's ship Victory. The captain was afterwards introduced to the authorities by Mr. L. A. Vandenbergh, the Swedish and Norwegian Vice-Consul. A large number of the prepared fireworks froni Woolwich have been packed in preparation for transport to London. The duties of the laboratory department will now become somewhat light, and it is the intention of the authorities to commence a considerable reduction by discharging all the hands not absolutely required. The actual number has no; been immediately decided on, but Lord Pafimure suggested, on his visit to Voolwich on the 7th, the necessity of a sweeping reduction in the Arsenal establish. ments. Captain D. Blythe, Captain C. J. Ellis, First-Lieutenants W. Taylor, 0. W. Carrington, J. F. Hawkey, S. G. S. Milreux, with 4 sergeants, 10 corporals, and 200 privates of the Royal Marine Corps, have joined head-quarters, Wool. wich, for the purpose of undertaking the guard duties of the dockyard, which will commence on Monday next. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-James Pyper, to be Master to the London; William Hickman, to be Paymaster to the Hogue; Thomas J. Woodward and John Hay, to be Assistant-Paymasters to the Fisguard; Henry Tucker, to be Assistant-Paymaster in charge to tho Scorpion; W. H. Blayney, to be Clerk to the London; J. E. C. SulliNan, to be Clerk to the Aril ; John G. Francklyn, to be Acting-Clerk to the Hogue; John H. F. AIston, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Hogue. The depot of the Medical Staff Corps at St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham, is shortly to be broken up, and the men belonging to that corps drauglhted to the General Hospital, Fort Pitt, and the several military hospitals which are not yet provided with hospital orderlies. A large number of men have already been sent away from the depst, and at the present time there are only about 120 attached to the headquarters. 71 Crimean invalids were yesterday inspected by a Chelsea board of offlcers at Chatham, and ordered to hold themselves in readiness to receive their discharge, the whole of them being unfit for further service.
THE iIfUTIN Y OF THE GELrAN LEGION. PLYMOUTH, FRIDiY. The duties of the court-martial, which commenced at 6 o'clock yesterday evening, did not close until midnight. This morning the South Devon Artillery, the Royal Marines, the dep6ts of the 66th and 94th Regiments, and the South Devon, Limerick, and Warwickshire Regiments of Militia having formed open square on the parade in tho Citadel, Gustav Shulze, a Prussian by birth, and one of No. 6 company, received 50 lashes from two men belonging to the 94th. The prisoner is said to have insulted his colour-sergeant at Bovisand, and, being ordered to be placed under arrest, called upon his comrades to resist, wvhen they all refused to obey orders. This company is confined to their barrack-rooms with a guard over them, and the Citadel continues closed against civilians. En noticing this case of gross insubordination at Plymouth, it is desirable that it should be well known that the men who compose this battalion were raised in America, and have no connexidon whatever with the force at Shorncliff. and at Scutari, recruited in Germany by Baron Stutterheim.
MR. Wn wonTns's RIJSED CAxN-ox.-The Maichcstcr Guardian of Wednesday gives some interesting details of the recent experiments made on the north shore, near Liverpool, for the purpose of determining the range of the projectiles invented by Mr. WVhlitworth, when fired from his rifled cannon, with charges of powder somewhat more nearly approaching the ordinary charges employed in the artillery service than those which could be used on the limited range at his command, where his former experiments were made. The first shot fired was a 24-ponnder, with a charge of one pound of powder, at an elevation of eight degrees. As nearly as could be ascertained the shot grazed the sand at a distance of about 1,250 yards from the gun, and after several rockets reached an ultimate range of rather smore than 2,000 yards. The third shot (a 24pounder) fired dwith two pounds of pounder, struck the sand and was thence considerably diverted to the right, towards the Waterloo houses, against the iron palisade in front of one of which it finally struck. The last shot (a 24-pounder), which was fired at an elevation of 8 degrees, with the increased charge of two pounds and a-half of powder, exhibited in a very striking manner both the extraordinary pow.-ers of the new projectiles, and the risk that may attend an incautious use of them in places not suited for the purpose. The course of the shot was marked with considerably more accuracy than that of any of its predecessors. It first struck the sand at the distance of 2,800 yardsfrom the gun (a very extraordinary flight, as our readers wiU find hereafter); and, after several rebounds, each tending to divert it more and more to the right of the line of fire, it eventually passed through a bay-wvindow into the draving-room of a house belonging to Mr. Horton, at a place called Brighton, andsituate several hundred yards to the northward of Waterloo. After passing through the plate-glass of the window, it struck alady'sworL-table standing near it, which it smashed to pieces, and drove across the room, and then fell on the carpet without doing any further mischief, except that of causing great and wellfounded alarm to the lady who was seated by the fire. We have stated that the first range of this shot-that is, its flight before touching the ground-was very extraordinary, as wiUl appear from an examination of the ranges of guns of different calibres, and with different charges of powder, given in Sir Howard Douglas's Ti-catise on, Naval Gunner,y, the standard worlk on subjects of this nature. It appears from a table of " ranges wvith sea-sen-ice iron ordnance, single-shotted, obtained on board Her NMajesty's slhip Excellent, that the average clear range of a 241b. gun, 7 feet 0 inches long, weighing 40 owt., with a load of eightpounds of powder, ardfired at an elevation of eight degrees, was only 2,200 yards, or 600 yards less than that of Ir. Whitworth's 241b. projectile, fired at an elevation of 84, degrees, with two and a-half pounds of powder, from agun 4 feet G inches long, and weighing only 12 ow.,; a superiority in the range of the latter which is very remarkable. Lest it should be supposed that the difference of a quarter of a degree gave an undue advantage to Mr. Whitworth's projectile, we may state that the average ranges of the 24-pounders on the Excellent, with the charge of Slb. of powder as above-mentioned, and fired at 9 and 10 degrees of elevation, were 2,400 and 2,000 yards respectively ; being in the one case 400, and in the other 200, yards less than the range of Mr. Whlitworth's gun at 84 degrees. It is necessary to explain, however, that there are peculiarities in the flight of projectiles shaped like those of Mr. Whitworth's, whichwill require careful attention whenever they are brought into use. It has been ascertained by a large nuinber of careful observations with rifles of various sizes and forms, that a ball which is rifled from left to right always deviates to the right of the true line of fire, while one rifled the contrary way deviates in the contrary direction. These deviations, however, so long as tlle ball merely passes through the air, appear to be subjcot to constant and regular laws, and can be owed for by a due adjustment of the sights on the gun. There is another deviation, however, leading to the rather alarming results detailed above, which does not appr to be amenable to any ready means of correction. Wrether the extraordinary deviation observed on Tuesday last, amounting in one case apparently to nearly 45 degrees from the true direction, was in any manner due to the loose sand on which the experiments were made, we are unzable to say. So far as we could judge, no traces of any such deviation were perceptible in the ricochet firing in MIr. Whitworth's grounds. In that case the elevation of the gun was only two degrees, which may have caused some difference in the results. We find, however, that the tendency of projectiles analogous to the Mini6 ball to deviate from the true lIe of fire, on striking the earth, was well known to Sir Howard Douglas, and is explained in the ap endix to his book. Speaking of the Miniu ball, he says, ith an elevation of five degrees the shot is said to make good ricochets; but the grazes, instead of being in the direction of the previous flight, would, in consequence of the elongated form of the shot, be greatly and irregularly deflected." Of course this objection would not aNply to long shots, fred with greater elevation than eight degrees, and for such practice Ir. Wbitworth'a gun and projectile seem, from their great range, to be peculiarly adapted. We understand that Mr. WVhitworth'sexperiments are likely to be resamed on an early day. SlxGtuwx Ah FATAL COAI,PIT AOIDEST..-Yestfrday an inqest was held by Mr. W. S. Rutter, one of the coronts of the county of Lancaster, on the body of William Syddal, collier, aged 30, who lost his life on Tuesday last at the Bradford Colhery, near Manchester. On Tuesday morning Syddal and three others, having arrived at the mouth of the coalpit at 20 minutes before 6 o'clock, desired the engineer to lower them into the pit, w ithout waiting for the banL-kman. This was done, and they all descended to the bottom of the shaft, 160 vards deep, in safety. Three of the colliers left the cage imiimediately, and proceeded to the workings, expecting Syddal to follow, but it is supposed thht the rope was lowered more than was necessary, and that the chain at its extremity attached to the cage fell in coils about the nieck of the unfortunate man. The result was, that the engineer, reversing the engine to withdraw the cage, Syddal was drawn to tlle top of the mine suspended by the neck. The men who had gone down with him had no suspicion of his fate: but on his arrival at the top the banksman (who had by that time arrived) at once sawz his perilous position, and lost no time in getting assist, ance to release hin. He was, howvever, quite dead, his neck being much bruised by the .action of the chain. Two witnew-es were ex;amined as to the eause of the occurrence, and were of opinion that a bonnet, or covering over the cage, would have prevented the chlain coiling round the msn'st neck, huit tey could not, in fact, say whether the coilinevlwas accidental or not, and the jury returned a verdict, merel setting forth the circumAr5.nces under which the unfortunate man was found.
I EIBLAND. (n~o,. O1im OWN, CORBESPO.NDEN-T.') DUBUN, IDAY mA MoplNmG, TE MtJRDI OF MIS. KELLY. It was not until late in the afternoon of yesterday that the applicaiion was made in the Queen's Bench to admit to bail Mr. George Strevens, who was charged with conspiring to murder Mrs. Sarah Kelly. The motion was resisted by the SolicitorGeneral on behalf of the Crown, and also by counsel on the part of Dr. Bailey, a nephew and residuaWy legatee of the deceased. The arguments pro and con. did not close until past 4 o'clock,when the Court decided on admitting Mri. Strevens to ball in twto sureties of 1,00()l. each-48 hours' notice to be given to the Crown solicitor for Westmeath, and the resident magistrate at Mullingar to takse the bail. In pronouncing the judgment of the Coulrt the ILord Chief Justice said- "The principles upon which the Court acts in applications of this kind are perfectly wvell settled and understood. We have heard a very luminous and, at the same time, condensed and pointed statement of all the circumstances from which it is supposed that what is caUled a suspicion-a strong suspicion-might arise. But clearly it is not sufficient that it should he possible, by the talent and ingenuity of counsel to educe, from the combination of some of the circumstances in the case, a possibility of suspicion. That is not a ground upon which the Court can possibly act. The crime imputed is a conspiracy; not a possibility of suspicion of conspiracy, hut a conspiracy in point of fact-a conspiracy entered into to commit the murder. Now, wYhat strong fact has been stated amounting to evidence tending to show and to establish the fact of conspiracy 9 At vast number of collateral and independent circumstances have been adverted to, and the circumstance of the account wvhich the accused gave, which varied in some respects with respect to the transaction itself from the account which the girl gave. But it must he recollected in what material portions her evidence corroborated him, in whatever circumstance they may have varied in giving the account ofthesame transaction. It wasvery candidly and properly adnittedthat some of the circumst.ances adverted to as raising suspicion might be w,ell accounted for by the cireumstancesunderwhichthe accusedwas, the terror and confusion, and the fact of hiswanting the heroism to interpose aud expose himself to danger at the moment. Perhaps, I ought not even to gzo so far into the case, Bant I undertake to say th.at the Court, in order to deprive a party of his liberty, must feel that there is some evidence-andthe cases referred to say strong evidence, but it must be that w,hich is reasonable evidence-in point of fact tending to show that the party iS gulty of t e crime of vwhich he is accused, not the raising of a suspicion that he may have been. It must be evidence to establish that the crime itself has been comnmitted by him, or that he was a participator. We have not had that evidence on which, if we were sitting as gzand jurors, we would think we had ground upon which to find a bill. What may have excited so great an impression was, that so many irrelevant and independent circumstances were brought togetherto affect the character of the accused;and that may have excited a suspicion-upon which, however, we cannot act-and it should not be a ground to refuse the party to be admitted to bail. We are not discharging him-that is not the application. The crime was, indeed, a serious one; but that CutS both ways; for the sUSpiCiOn of a heinous crime of this sort is not to be lightly entertained, as if there are reasonable and substantial grounds that it shouldhe considered. We are of opinion that this party should be admitted to bail-substantial bail in relation to the circumstances of the party." THE FtJNDS. Three per cent. Consols, 915 * ditto, for new account, June 9, j2 ; Newv Three p3er dent. Stock, .91~ ;li* ditto, for new account, Jutne 9, 92g i- Hibernian Bank of Ireland (251. paid), 318; Royal B~ank of Ireland (.101. paid), l9>2- Railvways.-I)ublm and-Drogheda, (7al. [paid), 63; EDublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 5l; ditto, for account, 5s; Dundalk and Ennisklcien (301. paid), for account, 1il,; Great Southern and Western (50I. paid), 511 ; ditto, for account, SlA; ditto eighths, 6 per cent. pref. (di. 5s. paid), 71; ditto, 4 per cent. pref£ (127. paid), 101 * ditto, 4 per cent. pref., (paid in full, 201.), 18a; Midland Great Wvestern and Royal Canal (50l. paid), for account, 51; Waterford and Kilenny (201. paid), 4A; W aterford and Limerick (50?. paid), 221. (BY Er~Eomrc TsLoxxRrr.) DUJBLIN, FRIDAY EVENrsG. TiE RAILAY FOIiGERIE5. This day, at the head Police-office James Montgomery Kinightingr was broulght up on a wrlit of habecs corputs, for the purpose of having preferred ag,ainst him a series of charges in relation to the forg,eries of railway shares' transfers. There w,ere altogether eigrht fresh charges of forgeries; and, a ntumber of witnesses having been examined for the prosecution, the prisoner wa,s fully committed for trial at the next commission on the eighthl charge proved to-day, and which, in addition to the charges already broug,ht under the public notices, make the aggregate amount of forgeries 14,170l.
MR. SMIITH O'BBRIiV. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIS. Sir,-I takle the liberty of requesting that you will be good enough to give insertion to the following copy of a letter which I had the honour of addressing to Lord Palmerston on the 10th of last April on the part of those friends of Mr. Smith O'Brien to whom the noble lord had granted an interviewv a month previously. It explains the reason why the hon. members with whom I had the privilege to act did not press his lordship for an immediate reply, and their motive in encouraging as long a delay as possible in arriving at the decision in the case of Mr. O'Brien. That decision has been announced in your columns of to-day; and that it has been so favourable-in fact, all that Mr. O'Brien himself could hope for-is, I believe, in no small degree owing to the powerful support which you gave to the application of the memorialists, and which at the time afforded them considerable confidence in the resuilt. Sir, I have the honour to be, Your obedient servant, JOHN FRANCIS ZTAGUJThE. Iiiouse of Commons, May 9. "H House of Commons, Thursday night, April 10. "My Lord,-That I have not up to this time availed myself of the pernmission accorded to me by your Lordship, at the interview of last month, to learn from vour Lordship personally the decision of the Cabinet on t'he application then made in behalf of Mr. Smith O'Brien, is entirely attributable to the anxiety which his friends and myself feel as to the nature of that decision, and our wish to afford your Lordship and your colleagues of the Cabinet the advantage of the still more favourable occasion for the exercise of generous pardon and oblivion which the ratification of heace is soon about to offer. It is at such a moment that even despotic Governments take pride in the exhibition of clemency and for iveness-that free and unconditional pardon is granted by them to all political offenders. So fully is your Lordship conversant with recent and remarkable illustrations of this most merciful and wise custorm, that I shall not attempt to quote cases in point, however striking in themselves, or forcible in the way of example. But your Lordship will pardon me if I express an opinion, shared in by every reflecting mind of the community, that there is no country in the world in which a generous and merciful policy can be more safely exercised, or in which its exercise would be attended with happier results, than in this. By acceding to the prayer of the memorial presented to your Lordship in 1855, and again urged by the deputation of last month, your Lordship may feel assured that you do an act to which no class of the public in Ireland-indeed in England-would now make the slightest objection, and -which would be received with the liveliest gratitude by the great bulk- of Mr. O'Brien's countrymen. 'ublic opinion, wherever and wbenever it has had an opportunity of expression, has been strongly in favour of full, free, and unreserved pardon-of restoration to all the rights of citizenship, which rights are incompatible with exile from one's native land. to which the heart of even the coldest man turns with yearning tenderness. Your Lordship is acquainted with the high and honourable charaeter, the unselfish and ardent nature of the long-suffering gentleman, in whose behalf you have been appealed to; and you may well understand how intense and passionate is his longing to be restored to his home and country, to which his attachment is so-strong and earnest. Wntmg in the name, not merely of the deputation which I now have the honour to represent, but of an expectant public, I appeal with confidence to your Lordship, as one m whose known generosity of character and independence of judgment great reliance is placed at this moment, and implore your Lordship not to dash the hopes of Mr. O'Brien's family and friends to the ground; but to show to the world that you, who would be one of the first to counsel other Governments to a policy of wise and magnanimous forgetfulness and pardon, are ready, when a fitting opportunity presents itself, to fortify such counsel by the weight of your own example. " In the hope,then, of a favourable issule to OurZ respectful application, I shall refrain horn seekng an answer orom your Lordship until an early day after the ratification of the peace has been publicly proclaimed; and remain your Lordship's obedient servant, "<JOHN FRANCIS MAGUtmE." "Right Hon. Viscount Palmerston."
SovioroN, Mlay 9.-The telegraphic com- munication between Hurst Castle and this port, which was closed some months since in consequence of the com. paratively small support it received, has Ieen re-opened. Owigto thegreat facilities which this line of telegraph affords to the various mail steam companies, the Customs authorities, and the numerous mercantile establishments at Southampton, the Royal Mail Company, the Peninsular and Oriental and the Ocean Steam Navigation companies, and other minor associations, have agreed to subscribe a certain amount yearly for the purpose of continuing the line. The Board of Customs, however, have refused to contribute their share of the expense. The amount required from them is 201., which is a mere nominal sum compared with the outlay in that Governmental department in the absence of the telegraphic communication from Hurst Castle. Fior some days be fore the arrival of a mail or pas. senger-ship it is considered necessary te employ from two to three persons on the "look out," whereas the facilities afforded by the telegraph wonld enable every Customs official to retire to hlis home, and upon the receipt of the informstiosi from Hiurst of the arrival of a steamshi^p furnishb him with sufflcient time to resume his duties. This it is calculated ,would effect a considerable sa-ving to the public exchequer, but the existence of " routine" will not permit the Customs authorities to deviat from their ontiary practice.
THE CIRCBCSSASNS AND THE PEACBE. TO THE EDITOR OF THEI TIMES. 7 Sir,-It is so congenial to the temper of an Englishman, to side with the -weaker party in a quarrel, without stopping to inquire into the merits of the case, that no one ought to wonder at the regret which has been expressed for the exclusion of the Caucasian mountaineers from all mention in the treaty of peace. But the fact is that, when we get on the subject of " Circassia," we are very apt to give the imagination play at the expense of facts. We group together under one name a number of clans who really have little in common with one another except a daring spihit, and very loose notions on the subject of property in flocks and herds, horses, and female children. They axe of different blood, speak different languages, and are by no means accordant even in religion. In the western part of the range-the part towhich your Constantinopolitan correspondent of to-day would appropriate the name of Circassiathere is a considerable mixture of Slavonic, and also of Nogay Tartar blood; there are also, together with the general prevalence of a liberal Mahomedan creed, many remains of fetish-worship grafted upon a degenerated Christianity; while, in the eastern part (Schamyl's country) descendants of the subjects of Sadir Shahareunitedtogetherbythe bond of Islamiism in its most intolerant form. Between these are Ingushes, :B:abardians, and Ossetians, more or less under Rlssian influence,, and some altogether Christianized. Yet all these are, in popular language, supposed to belong to one nation, and called " Circassians." Eistorica i parallels alwvays require some allowance; but a tolerably correct general notion of the political developmnent of these people will be formed by comparing them to the Iebrew tribes during the era described in the Book of Judges, or to the Swiss mountaineers before the confederation of the three old cantons. If the pressure of external pe.il were withdrawn the greater part would speedily resume the character which they have maintained for more than 2,000 yearsthat of robbers by land and pirates by sea. No doubt they are brave, generous, and endowed with a high physical and mental organization. But so are the African Caflres, the Asiatic Kurds, and the Bedouin Arabs. All are noble specimens of the barbarian, and nothing more. That an important impulse may be given to the social development of the Circassians on the Black Sea by means of commercial intercourse with Western Europe we may fairly hope, and also that no greater interference 'vith them may be necessary, than what is involved in a strong police for the secuxitv of traders. afore than this a discreet Government will be very slow to attempt, anld vwe may be thankful that the task of attempting more has not been forced upon us. If the protectorate of the eastern coast of the E1uxine is the only thing wanting to make Englishmen hail the present peace withjoy, let them be assured that they are lucky enough to have got the pot of ointment without the fly in it. I am, Sir. vour obedient servant. A BERTFORDSHnRE I NTCmBElNT.
THE, BELGIAVE PRE,.SSPBO A FRENCH IPOZT OF VIBW.* LE xOi,ITEU1.-Government organ. Circulation 500 copies. I2LxDnrNDAcEs BELGE.-Favourable to the Belgian Government. Pubishes several editions, of -which one (that does not circulate in France) is not favourable to the French Government, although the journal is said to receive a subvention from Paris. 31. Berard, representing a society, is the proprietor. Among its Parisian correspondents are M311. L. Faucher, Jules Lecompte, and Cavailhac, and an employc in one of the foreign embassies. Circulation, 6,000. LE TELEGR APIIE.-Opposition journal, representing the Centre Gauche. Is in communication vwith some of the more moderate French refugees, and offers a steady opposition to the French emupire. 3. Briavoine is the proprietor, and 31. Enyant is one of the contributors. The French correspondence is furnished bythe proprietor's son and by an Englishman. Circulation, ,000c L'ECHlo DE BuxR-ELs.-The anti-Catholic organ; contains little original matter. Proprietor, x Briavoine. Circulation, 14,000. LiE BELGE.-A socialist and republican organ, opposed to the French Government. Froprietor, M. Labarre; contributors, 3MM1. D'Olvier and Madier de 31oujean. L'OBsEnvATEu'n.-Opposition journal, representing the Left, and under theinfluence of the more moderate refugess. Proprietor, 3M. Herits. Contributors, one of 3. Madier de Mouijean's brothers and other refugees. Has two Paris correspondents, one a Frenchman, and the second a German. Circulation, 1,200. L'EToILE BELGE.-A republican and socialist organ. Opposes the French Government, and is nuder the influence of the furious zefugees. Proprietor, 1.L Faure, a Frenchman, and the founder of the Incipendcancc. Circulation, 7,000 copies. L.A :N.TIOX.-A furious socialist iournal ; the most exaggerated of the Belgian Opposition -ournals. The organ of La 3Marianne. Although it has only 700 rerlar subscribers, it prints G,000 and 7,000 copies according to the nature of the filth it contains. Proprietors, 3L Labarre and Company. Two Parisian correspondents des plus c.alt6s. LE NThTION;kL.-A moderate democratic organ. Proprietor, M 31ascart. Circulation, 1,500 copies. LE SANCHO.-A journal for industrial puffs, and in -which are publthed at times scandalous biographies. Proprietor, 31. Joly. Circulation, 200 copies. LECHARnIVAR1-A journal publishing obscene engravings, and articles as extravagant as those of La Nation. Generally caricatures the French Government. Proprietor, 31. -D'Olivier; contributor, 3r. 31uset. Circulation, 500 coffe. CrSocoDiLE.-A journal in the style of the last, and anti-religious. Parodies daily the debates of the Belgian Parliament. Proprietor, 31 DYOhvier; contributor, 3. Muset. Circulation, 500 copies, 3MEr3sToPItELEs.-A journal which is the receptacle for the wvritings of authors of the wvorst taste. A uNbEc insulter-eproducing all the infamous wvritings of the demagogues. Ctirculation, 400 copies. LA PRESSE BELGE'-An Opposition organ. Proprietor, 31. HTaymann. Circulation, 3o0 copies. L'Eaixxcir xrros ASD L'Ecnan.-The organs of the Rlight; are said to be inI the pay of the French Government. Proprietor, 31. Coomans. *The former has a circulation of 1,00-0 copies; the latter prints (100 copies, LE ?ZOsux-A Rkussian organ, published nt the expense of its Government. Represented by 31. Cappelmans. Circulation, 1,200 copies. LE JOUNAL DE BR1JXEL1ES.-The orgTan of the CathoEc paRty; the excellent friend of the French Government. Proprietor, 31. Keuve. Circulation, 2,000 copies. The epithets used as descriptive of the several journals are those employed by the Irench officials, not ours.
SuPPLY or AVnHxr.-The coLntries from which we derive our supplies of foreign vheat are the United States, British North America, Russia, Denmark, Germany, Holland, .rance, Spain, Italy, Egypt, Turkley, the Danubian Principalities, and some others. Of these sources America, Russia, and Germany are the principal, although France has largely exported on some occasions. With respect to the first, although a tolerably abundant harvest was experienced by our Trans .-slantic cousins last year, the grain was of an inferior quality, so much so as to have given rise to loutd, complaints in Nlew York. A ccording to the last advices, corn and flour were very dull there, and there is little reason to doubt that there is farinaceous food enough, such as it is, in America to prevent Europe famishing for the next three or four months. Prussia and the other States of Germany have doubtless already taken full advantago of the var, and retain no great surplus of grain for exportation. The price of wheat in Western Europe has been tempting enough to drain their stores since last harvest, and no doubt they have been nretty liberally dramwn upon. Spain, Egypt, and the Italian states are believed to have gone to the utmost extent of their exporting power. France, we have already said, is still an importing country. Thereremains Russia. Last year we obtained from Russia exactly six quarters of wheat. Eer yearly exportations of that grain to Great Britain duriu the previous seven years ranged from 100,000 to 300,00 quarters. Has she anything to send now? The Sound hist contains the names of a good many ships that have passed the Belt with grain for this country, but these are, perhaps, entirely speculative cargoes, and afford no reliable indication of the exporting condition of Russia. Upon the whole it seems very doubtful whether that State has much eatable wheat to spare. Although she seems to have kept the last harvest to herself, she had need enouglh of it, seeing th(e large waste and. destruction infiicted on her granaries as well by the recllessness of her own officials as by the hands of her'enemies. Moreover, Prussia afforded a convenient outlet for any stocks available for exportation last year, and these circumstances, together with the large drain the war musthavemade upon the rural population of Russia, aU tend to discourage the opinion that she can render us much aid before the next harvest. The conclusion from this reasoning then is, that, exceptthe wheat crop of 1855 was uncommonly prolific, or, at least, more so than that of the average crops of the last 10 years, it will fail to upply us upto next harvest as abundantly as it has done hitherto. The price of wheat since last September to the present time has ranged from 70s. to S0s. per quarter, being a much higher rate than was maintained for many years previous, with one ortwo exceptions. This of itself has been temptation enoagh to holders to realize, but added to the expectations of peacewhich have prevailed with more or less credence since December last it has been quite sfficient to account for that excess of deliveries which the above figures appear to prove, and for those rumours of exhausted stackyards which we have no means of disproving. We do not make these statements with any desire to bolster up prices-we have, indeed, aslittle inclination as interest to do so. Our object simply is to throw out a timely hint, in order that it there be any deficiency it may be supplied from any source that may be open to us, and, if none such are available, then that we mayhegia to economize consumption at once in orderto avoid an inordinate enhancement of price at lac~t.-Doaca.sQr Chronicle. We are requested to statethat Lieutenant-Cojonej Pearce, MEE, Mayor of Brecon, was presented at her Malesty's levee by Sir (, A. Wetherall, K.C.B.
OAR] andRESIENCEfora gentlenma during summrmotbs,in rurl lcaliy, our miles from the Mrl Slalinlfrqnsed Aply o r.Odnel,64.031ordaee. &c. 19 Trrir'tn-quare.-Respectamble ~eqirrg te bov wii metwit)% superior acemmoda- OA D nd LODGING (Entire or Partial), for Al igegentleman, in the beat and moet convenient part of St. Jons-od Ol ne taken. For addresi appiy to A. B., Mir. Blacbur's,staionr, 11. Park,-terrace Regent's-prk. ADand. RESIDENCE REQ UIRED, by a medite nighourhod.Terms (not including wine, to.) £10 per anu.Refcrencearequired. Address C.D. F, post office,Bath. ROARD nd REIDENCE(withor without educaA2tonlmaybe btanedin resectbleestablishment on the south coea. Trms odeate.By he mnthor yar.For further particuars andrefrencs, ddrss A K,Mr. eak's,2, Bedford-street, BOAID, r Prtia Bord nd odging, WA-NTED tndi. Te wst nd refrred Tems nd efeenc tobe addressed 1o C G. cae o Meers G.W. healeyand Co., 150. Leadenball- OA~RDndREIENCE, Partial or Entire.-A private family. restin in a first-class residence. delightfaoiy sitate vsh o ecevea G'NTLEMIAN us reside with them. The famaily are social and musical. Terms from a uinmea a week. Apply to A., 1S, Deinsuere-terrace. Harrow-road, Paddinegon. OARD and ESIDENCE(Partial or Entire) is ana, residing in the best part of StL John's-wood. Omnibuses Pasm coeb.Domestfc comfort and agreeable society will be m*t with. =ddres 0. P., Bird's library. Blenheimr-terrace, St. John's-wood. 140A D.-Wles.Oneor two LADIES will be -9Preceived In a gentleman's family in a pretty towniin Wales. (beod socicty and a cheerful home assured. For terms and particulars address by letter to A. Z.. to the care of 0.3J. Holmes, Esq., solicitor, 118 Fenchurch-etreet, London. tlema wit threyongcil an yoineahgl rspectable upihous.- OAndceRfu family ID NC, a few miles from tecy,oaliefrilway o Bomnibus,wheGreath childre woldreceiA maternal, careul and hattpy lion; o would Taer comfrt ofd la hue with OnyEone ettin up houye- ee daug.hLieralo termstofered.y Addesstom a.d bis wiber, Bofther' highest respectablity, residing in a large and well furnished house of their own, delightfully situate, with good gardeni and eyery coisTemlence- A carriaze kept. The Times newspaper taken eyery day. 'Xerms-for one. LIOpe an m.r140 for two,- wine, ftc included. Address L. Z E. D.. 31.ostf 0r', 5. H ariceer-~pla'c,ej;teents -p wk-r,l. P ARTIAL BOARDERE WANTED, in a pleasant JLcolttae (withL large garden), situate in the Claphamn-roadl, about three miniitesg walk from Kenninegton-gate, where there are no other lodgfers or children. Apply at Mr.lWard's, estate agent, 19, Clpbamn xusdrL.nea KeninronChuch.A personal application preferred7 ASmaU private FA-MILY, moving in stood society, A a tdoaig a large and handsome house, in a fahjionable part of the west end, wish to maeet with a GEXTLEMA2N to RESIDE with them. Hraving mnany advantages to offer, proportionate terms are exPeeled. Address to Rt., Messrs Taylores, -4. Vere-street. Cavendish-sq. AGENTLEMAN, ens-agd in business is desirous to curea coforable R% ENCE, with par?al board, ina famaily of undoubted respectabiltr. References exchanged. The morthern districts (beyond the Asigcel) preferred. Address, stating te-nms, with full particulars, to 365, Young Men's Christian Association, AldersgAte-streeet. city. S EA-SID.-A YOUN LADYwil be RECEIVED int th failyof prvat getlean,residing on the south coast of Dvon whre coforabl an hihlyresectblehome is offered. To lay dpried f atenalcar, o whseparents are abroad, this willoffr mny dvatage asa prmaenthomae. The highest refernce gver an rquied.Tems 80 erannum. AddressaB. A., Prf.Chnnob, ookeler.5, romtonpine,Brompton. Middlesex. SueirHOMNE, -aith all the advantages of a well A Suerioraedaul cheerful household, is OFFERED to a gentleman, in afamily of the highest res pecability, mvningo. sottyn residing mo one of the modt convenient and fashionable parts of Belgrayia. The house islarge and handsomely furnished. Tenomsmoderate. 'Unexceptionable references given and required. Address to Almna, at Dawson and Sons, 7-4, Cannon-street, city. Partial board if preferred. A PARTMNENTS to be LET, in Regent-street ; well X3_adapted for gentlemen sevirnng rooms near the clubhouses. Inqluire at OP, Quadfrant. Regent-street. A PART3IENTS, Fuirnished, near Bedford-square IL-a drawing room and bed room communicating. No other ledger or children. Suitable for an elderly lady or gentleman of quiet and retiredbabits. Apply at 37, Stor-e-street.Bedford-squar. APARTMYENTS, Furnished, Picoadilly.-DRAW-V A3 ING RLOOM FLOOR, commanding an extensive and cheerfuil view. Exctraroom if required. A permianent tenantpreferred. Apply to William Higgs, chy mist. 35. Piccadilly. A PARTMHENTS, uinfurmished, to he LET, InI L3 Br-ompton crescent-drawing room and bed room, with one ortwo extra bed rooms. Terms, incLuding attendance 6 er p lily to ldr- Roberts, 1I, Proinpton-row. ,£3ayerAp APRTMENTS, with Partial Board, to be LET, in ABrAompton-crescent.-A gentleman or twvo friends can be received in a1prirate famil; bed rooms, breakfasts, and private sitting room, with dinner onSundays if required. Terms il.Gd.a week, Apply to~ MNr. Bober'ts, 17. Broinpton-row. A ARTINIEN-TS, or the w-hole of a large and comX_modious House, to n LET, handsomely Furnished, in the beet ran of Bromp tan, pleasantIy situate, offering superior accommodation. TheaLrtments desirable for ,-entlemen or afamily ofposition, Apply fo D. D., 40.3Brompton-cresceuit. Brompton. A PARTMENTS WVANTED, within a mile west of 4Mthe Temple. by a married proffsselunal man, without family, to consist of sittingl, bed, and dressinig room, neatly furnished, on dint or second floor : if comfortable, for six months. Replies statin if othe lodgers are takeni, andI termis. (whichL must be moderte, an includer attendance and all domestic requisites of every description,) will 3lon0 be noticed. Address Messr. laus and Lam., 14, John-street, AdeLphL- NISCEDBEDR0 2q,at s.-pe wek.Apply L'RNSEED A.PARTMENTSfOr Gentlemen, Fu' a`t4. A'Iam's-terrace. Hampstead-roaei, Camden-town. URNIHEDAPARTM'~ENTS- 11,- Gower-street F 'norNth.sEHustEon-square-two or three rooms, with attendance. F R ISElED PART of a pleasantly situate semidcuetRacLhed VILLA to be LET, near the York and Albany. For cards to, view apply to H1. P., 312, Oxford-street. F URNISHED APARTMIENTS to be LET, for the -I'menth of 3May-two elegant drawing roomis, two large and wellfu-rnished bedrooms, wvith mere ifrequireYd. Good servants, and every, attention paid.-E. Nf., 48, Upper Gower-itreet, RedfoTd-square. F URNISHED APARTMNENTS.-To he LET, Isuitable for a single gentlemann, a comfortable SITTING ROOM1 and BED ROOM,11 situate in Ludgate-street, near St. Paul's where themreai- no other loelgors. Apply to H. and W. Mumford, 1, Milk. street. Cheapaide. FURNLISHED APARTMlENTS.-To he LET, in J'Glorester-pLace. Portman-square,spacious and handsome APARTMELN-TS,.for two or three months, replete with every comfort. Apply to Messr. .Barker and Son, house.agente. Lower Seymour-street, Port. man-squvare. F URNISHED APARTMENTS, in the host part of J'Putney, near the station and omnibus, inL the house of a wridow lady. where there are no lodgers or children. They are well suited to a geutlemannengaged during the day. The most resetable reference given and requi-ed. Address, post paid,tosf. B.. 37, Cheapaide. ISAPA APATM NINTS, Warwick-square, -one or two single gentlemen of regula.rhabits. Fares to the weat end and city 4-i and Md. For address apply tol Wilson and St. Quintin, 30, Royal Exchange. LIRIS HED APARTM-ENTS.-Country, 12 miles F fruomiTNown. and near a, Station.-A gentleman is desirous of LET. 'PIG PART of his HOUSjE, which is well Furnished and detahed, with good garden and grounds-with or without board, Stablig, ft. if required. Apply. by letter to A. ILi, 4, Lower Calthompe-street, Gray's. san-roan. F URN~ISHED APARTI'eIENTS--Camden-town, 12near the Railway Station.-Oue or more gentlemen (or married ,couple) can be comfortably accommodated, on very low terms, witha a front PIRLOUR and double or single-bedded SLEEPINGIAPARTBIENT, just racated by a gentleman who has occuPied them seven miontbs, to whom reference is permitted. Address E. B., care of MEr. Barry, stationer. 65, Great College-street. Caraden-town. fT3NFURNLISIlED APARTMEINTS to be LETI., &irs and second floors, at S, Albion-place, Hyde-park-square, either S3eparately or both floors together. rflO he LET, THREE ROOMS and CELLAR, at 12, JLPancras-lane, city. For Particulars apply to the housekeeper, on the premilses. ll A-NOVER-SQUARE.-To be LET, at a fixed JLLrental, free of taxes and ra nLEASE for 7, 14, or 21 Years;,the prncipal PART of aActN elsie o ie r private dL-mly. For particulars apply at 229. Regent-street (first floor). A FIRST FLOOR SITTING ROOMN Bed Roo~m, R and Use of Kitchen, to be LET : furnished. gs. per week : n- furnished, 6.s. 6d. Three miles from town. No other lodgers or children. Ominibuses every half-hour. Address BE at Pezrior's, stonemason, Hammeismlth N ew-road. C1OUNTRY A.PARTMENTS to be LET, Furnished, in a Pleasant Part of Highgate, consisting of sitting room and one 'Or two bed roomis, suitable for a lady and gentleman, or two single gentlemEn. Terms very moderate, and near the omnibuses. For address, Sec,, apply to MIrs. Crouch, 13, Union-court. Old Broad-it., city. U INSTONL Su-rrey.-T-o be LET, Furnished, gen. .J .eeAPARTITElfTs of two sitting andi one or two goocibed TCOMs. with attendance, within a mile and a half of Hampton Coest or railway station. WithL omnibuses thereto fre-quently, and also direct to London. ADPply to ires and Son, upholsterers, to., Heathen-street, Kinii2ton, or 23, Wigmore-street, Lonidon. f' FOIES to be LET, at No. 13, Gresham-strect, XJ dnlhatL Rent £110 Apply to Mr. D. Hughes. on the premises. O FFCESto e L T, los to'Change-one, easily divded a 33 Cnno-stee. crnr olung Wmiia-street cit, aver lage,llgt. nd irs-clss dic. ith trong room ana evey acomodaion thee t 3, GeatWinheser-tret.BroadApply to the Housekeepers.Uers _1~ANK orASSURANCE PREMISES and UIEtobe LET, at 25, rouitry.-The plan of these promiemay be had by pplcationL to Mr. ID. Hughes, solicItor, 13, ~r_eiiham-street. Guidali. flIROUND FLOOR OFFICES to be LET, with a k sidefrontage to Fleet-street, well adapted for any publiragency; also a Srite on an upper dloor. inquire on the premises, EastTemple-chambers, 2, Whitefriarg,street. Fleet-street. rUO EEOUSEAGENTS anLd others.-WVANTED, to wiRET.vthin 10 minutes' walk, of St. Paul's, unfurnished zoom., three bed rom,adkthi drmby letter only, to 470. .zising fnll particulars asto size, condition, rent per annum, at 165, Aldersr.,te-street, city,_ ADo~hed HOUSE WANTED, containngnot less tha 10roos, hirs mst e lrgeandlofty, with cwch-house, A GENTLETNIAff of high standini- int the city, -Lxwlihes to p PR~, oay mut FRE%OLDorLEAISE~HOLD PROPET,tob ad o yannuiy Proshaving good pvroperty (nt wel)anwihgtoincres tericmsand avoid the troubeoof maneet a edparticlr tW. D5, eacon's .Newn Rooms, Lednalsre.Frtclass rfenswIl be given, and the stritest secesy maintained. FURNIHED OUSE ANTE.-A small conistngof hre mmbes.REQUIRE a genteel dotachedUltNlHED RUSE, ith grden,stabring, and carriagehour. Imediae pssesion.Fora fe mouhs.It must be within rtgh mies f Casig-coss,Tooing Wibleon.Finchiey, or Hen-elewond sit. ppl bylettr, tatng trmsandfoil particulars, to F RISHED COUNTRY HOUSE WA-NTED wm ithin 30 miles of London, and two miles of a railway station, F rnust have 14 bed rooms, three or four good reception rooms, and the 41SUal accommodations for a gentleman's family, including large kiatchen and Pleasure gardens, and stabling for six horses. Terms nd ful patiulr to to forwarded to V. G., Esq., care of Samuel BCar, eteagnt. 4, New Ca~vendish-street,PortLan-place. flOCKS.-Premises WVanted.-WANTED, to RENT Lyinthe neighbourhood of the D)ocks, a W AREHOUSE, er a build. iag conrertilble into a warehouse, of moderate dimensions With land adjacent, suitable for rope ground, haTing not less than Z4o yards in length, by 30 or 40 in width, or land having such) dimensions without -ny bulWding upon it. Address, with particulars and rent required, to .Messr. TaYlor, Oiuson, anid Woodward, 25, Great James-street, :Bedford-read. 4C 0UN TRY RE SI DE NCE,A F 1u-nish cd. WAN TED, to RNT,for 2 mnths wih th opion of taldng for a longer ter, awel FRNSRE CUNTY ESIENE00th Soth 10HAPEL WAN-TED, to sit about 500. Apply by %-/letter to S. X., 8, Milton-terrace. Miton-road, Stoke Niewington. C ELLAR WA-NTED, in the city, for the wine and X-/beer trae'e. Address; stating full particulars, to M. P., 88, Hant W Ilim-street, city. .WTAREl1QV*E.-WAWTED, a largge ROOM3 for VY a eaodzlutbcitK. tfrom £20to£30. Ad. dres G.. 63ro of John. Janson Croft, 1 2, L-esenhans.-treet, CITY.-WA-NTED, on LEASE, a roomy HOUSE, or two or three houses adjoining. Would be taken on a repairing lease if for a,long term. as tbe expenditure would probably be large. Apply toO0. P. Q.. care of Nissen and Parker, stationer, 43, Mark-lane. FURNISHED COTTAGE.-WAiNTED, westward Fof London. a. small FUR.NISEHED ROU SE or COTTAGE, for a termn not exceedig 12 months. Bent must be maoderate. Address to D, 5., 15. Clvlandc-square. Paddington. WELL FURNISHED APARTMENTS, consist- ing f drawing rooms and one or two bed rooms, with good attendance "If taken for a permanency moderate termas will be socepied. Cards f addrees apply to Mr.-MeEwen, 24, Marchmontstreet. BrnwIksquare. T'Obe LET, at Sutton. a DRAWING and DINING T R,OOMf with THREE BED ROOM1S. The house is genteelly furnished. and delight"usly situate, five minutes' walk from the station, Twrenty-two trains to and from London-bridge daily. Apply toj.C. H., Iodine Villa. Sutton, Surrey. LEGANITLY FURNISHED and very superior 32. APARTME-NTS, in a, gentleman's mansion, overlooking HydePark, to be LET by the year. and suitable for a lay or gentleman of rank seeking an elig-ible residence without the trouble of housekeeping. Peor terms and cards to view apply to Mr. Giogan, estate and housa agent. Cs, Park-street, Grosvenor-squaro. DARK-LANE.-WANTED, to PURCHASZE or XLRENT. in this'nelghbourbood. a smailunfarmished HOUSE, Coach-house and stabling preferred. Particulars to be sent to Messs.. Baker and Co., 52. lAnooln's-inn-fields, OUSE WVANTED, in the neighbourhood of Bays. H water, Hammersmnith, &-a., tocontain at least six bed rooms. Rent £40 to £80. Easy access by omnibus to the city indispensable. Addessby ettr o H H.G.,Mr.Clmen's,staionr,Weed-street, city. RO ERTY, of any description, and in aniy part of L ndo, AN TED, by an. estate agent, on repairing lseasq, or esatstomnag oni commission. Weekly property dilapidated, or otherwise take atits full value. Excellent references. Address A., care of G. ID. C.. 2. Ireland-row. Mlile-end. ( LAPHATN, Streathans, &c.-FURNISHED RESICDENCE WANTED. on the Surrey side: six to eight bed rooms, and suitable accommodation for a moderate-sized family. Required for sbout two months, with the option of continuing. Address, with particulars, naming terms, to S.. 15. Glocoster-gardens, Hyde-park, M%IR. MESSITER's LIST of FREEHOLD LeaseiLbold. Copyhold, Landed, and House PEOPRRTZ' Ground Rents, &c., for sale, also furnishetd and unfurnished houses, business pseniss, areouss,offices. &c., to be let. is NOWY READY, and may behad gratis at his auction, 1usd, and estate office, 24, Aclon-place, Xingsland-road, nearthe bridge.__ caltie, t LE, fr te saso orothrwie. ullparticulars and cards to viw maybe obainedat th Cour Gui eandetate agency otlices, Mi,ESSRS. GREEN, Estate Agents and Auctioneers IL28. Old loi.d-street, beg to announce that their N-EW RRGISTFhu of ESTATES for DISPOSAI, and of Country R-esidences to be Let is now published, andmay be obtained gratuitouisly on application or wfil be forwarded free by post. These registers are published and. circulated by Messrs. Green, entirely at their own expense, and detail the leading features (without identity) of Use numerous uprorties en. trusted to thetragenry, manof which are illustrated by fathfully exe. custed cosmoransia views,whics 'Messrs. Green respectfully invite in. snewtion of. at theirgzalkry andofices. 28, Old P..uzd.street, rpO OWITERS of HIOUSE PROPERTY, &c., hous, an thr ponety butdwhate terime sint ful ocuid. soiTdsO anTould e`eL hnappytraudetakeSO, eithrthe moentireMlaAGfMEnt, wihor COLLEtIh oft thehue orE So rprt enspectable Pt OPERadtY,o resnble LTers RFerencsed g avn eighet-rusesofmed sHOreUStaE, forwhomth cadh-ouertidserbhas mneagted foursevera yersto. Addresz, J. W., careofiGilber, Bcrothers, rintioner, IS,uraerery-trt 0be LET, fon moderat tearm, ina wood par 1-ofme RegentSAwtre vetniryaconvenSHOP, withi modemputa g alas ofrot with o-prkwthu the houshe oeraprmnts. Appl Docetratc85 Quadfrant T be LET, Furnished, ane eight-roomedi Ho US nFker Tath coah-oueniand stablE, ineare Usedae hurch,borixood Address sq.ares,Npthat-ic.Are-lane, Terixton,eSrrtey. Apyyetro TObe LET, for3 £F5OaSESar, ee modern -r&oomed T Oesidncs with every convenience, es wihnd fiv femnts wralkagof suRe;t orp ef r a hnum. Inquireson-sthepes s 0 vnhr-teet,Banf T be LET, arNised theNISoleorpa USE o fraomod and s My wi~eueth HoUSE rcpinx theomm,nediatenihourhoo coftihoue adstuarles, Rihtendanve. Tierms moerateel. Applyr by lettnerntoa,B. toder lira ry, 15, Wserarwickstreet. PiiofM .Her,1Cae-trce 710 be LET, chap F ROUH D OSES-ete seven-roomed Tfr Reidnces, cetith evryscoveiece galeas, andt perofect adraina sag. Reont £20s pt orannu. Ienquitpre onteem.Adr- 1 F, H,3 a neUar Cthe rdHoland Foreevoshir-steet 0r be LET, a COeTAGFURNIesHEDl situateia throns, kitcMay, wilcoac-odcpiese roomse, cordnseratory, cacres-hofs anidstbe. Rent iv~e ginars perahis week. Inquir at2, rInvernihees. taende Perhester-ardas ro r.Hny ,Crvntrae 0 Obe LET, a wl FURNISHED OUE eightrooms, f OrSE siinicetuain2, PorstalPaldtrace, Rgnot'sfarlf, andawiwythitirts cose athndo. Terms mos,derawe k.Ade.B . ,Pr Vill be CafoET,od Forest-h ill. it pseson ` T FEd IN ERt Y COTTAG-ES, pleasantly sthrughate, ding an goodreay-i picturdesqu ouzentry,oneartWre-,Hes. k ntrae,gaa cas~ix om, ien , coah-ous, tale,grdn andl two BSaacres of ground Rent 2&- ths7-row Hbahan eyrand C.,2,ore-iet Cavendish-square.~ ~ ~~~gea T be -LET, auriwellrununihd FURNSHE L0-roome HOUSE,- situate 22, Portlyan,ad-erracle Regen's-ark andithi atwo minuates'nwalk ofwn erontr ,ance sre,commandingan uninterupted vie ofarthe pArkb, Hd- and within thehintsalkf tnheu' drive rout sttion all patsh o London.an Noth-erstmoernatdGe. totenRalas h hoodv red-ontaseyntradce.hl House, and shopwintureos, stocken tradea Margaret-street, Goldsmito'-the,rHackney-road O be LET Furnished by the m nth orelen forderalnge LUono-tet BeIAdIng S. Tob DIPSDO,pi in athoroug repair,t-with CO immeditate psssion, Thea phremis faes t high e4nso drsoilinga healthyX0 situation, n ears tto, adcompriseso dwtelln,trensio. Tepoprchaord, fatrmind stablesyards, cosdealouse,o., viuey. Ahde-nonA. Mt., onn earywios acrs. iclsecure59.No Axoddsresst.T. TLreNirEdTE.Lfor Aneo merelyears adesirable RESIDATE, plea.d sa sitde teein its own grOunDs by ate Bistro.Hacts. II iles from0 the. Metoa rbeArhHyeparrngla.t ndxwithi alof an5 hour'sum drive of sation den dutheionn andep Nroprth-WetexFrn panGreatulorthe Raplways. othe souse Ontain etanc-al dAInin and seidrtawing rom,sVenLbe Touse, stable, ' plasuelaw andm ithenCysa garden,i eln re and Selltsocke, Thensistuation f isr healthymsn the extreome.Aeclln twp-of goodhns water thcessroad goodfnf acahiasstrgc wafelgoodasueLn d.in rioi ngofenerudthe reiec, thc om Sir. J.. DOakley, 8,Waterloro pace, gntet T abntae O A I aLdothe-To bequ DISP OSEDOF pri-s -Tob vaTel, Larh Nointh-raster COCRN,aituayTerminus tEbsttoroughare,vr u Lndon doig bewee £1,00 ad £8000ac yeaor, anducapale oFi I HVESTMENTGAExcellen lteFreHrLD ESa TEn lnd Tax-reeemed Etabihd1 er-o be SOL y riat nt ati Prie £5,000 sub jesiba epIrigles aRAD aHP rental gofd2 pranu,earyme ofeall bo rUO be SOLD, aPAIR of semi-et achd evILLAS,r on tain,ConsIsTAIngToff uribd eroos, twRarlwao arirs, rek astnoo Twoktchens adnceit y of fcn.Vlubes withga xtensfoivenFREacLqaD waOTead on, PROrtD,iono the l puiale-m onbeyLE morean appULDIto LEASE. Drande.a reldere-r.a egrud, Upe norwoo esieoft, e o MeSODA pruFACtURERa, PranrofortemakHrsh T orofCabihtakiers, and others requirin roomIhy T.emisee-To b LEt,tneapr eNoratio-noftheVRilwCayTeurmns, Ehtn-square, vherydg toewmodourt PREisES conseisatinged of lare SworuHop,nwly builet, tHareesorieuhgh, abth ounty 1,80 sqaefetet in Tesacyflo (utabe ddaofo waehuses,15 at clounting-house, yad & ie. an g woo entrac to theti sa me. Forpaticuar Applyhat brik .tHngatn's offie, 1, tahpeter-L rare,o Groese-at owdi, Reen'-arkr to Mr.ke Herewru, c,nCaringinfon- patry to cHeElasE houGeS, an o-ltegrders, andw Portnenup. -BeenfAir Esacbidlshe 18 yearly-T ben LET, at th8er wesa Lt en, adjoiing. lare hansomey fitedsoffwith eamelledn slab butter JAILES FLIJEER, Plaintiff's Solicitor. 10. Symonda'-inn, London. T be SOLD, pursuant to a Decree of the High TCourt of Chancery, made in the cause of "Jackson versus Foster," writhi tho app.robation of the Judge to whose court the cauise is atttached, hIs Mr. JON NICHOLLS, the auctioneer appointed, to sell the sam a the George Inn, in Leadenbam, in the county of Lincoln, on TuesdY. the 13th dlay of Miay. 181. at 5 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, all these TWO FREEHOLD CLOSES or PARCEL-S of LAND, situate in Use Low Field, in Fulberk, in the county of Lincoln, called Bottom Breach and Top Breach,adjoining each other, containin tegether. by survey, lOa. 2r. 1Ip., bounded on the east and part of the southi by lands of Colonel Fans, west and remaining p rt of the south by Lordehip of Fenton, and north by lands of Sir Glynne Earle Welb. Ba. Th tennt,MI onatan Cpp.wBil, On aDPplication, showheprpery. Pintd paticlarsandcondlitions of sale maybe obtine (ratalon ppicaio inLodonofMessrs Scott, Tahourdiu, andShw, olcitrs 11 Lncon'-in-feld ;and in the country of 25th day of April, 1108.sWri bTx RICHARD B ofAM ChiefD therk SCOTT, TAHOURDIN -m HW I,Lnuns-u-lls Middlesex,Agn for iss.Fsean ogrsSeard LincolnAhre Paintiw' Solicitors. T be SOLD, pursuant to a Decree of the HFe-hTCourt of Ch-mneery made in a cause " Dale v. Hayes" bearing date the 24th day of JFebrmary, 1854, at Garraway's coffee-house, Chaune-alley, Corulhill, London. on Tuesday, the 3d day of June. 1516, at 1 o clock in the afternoon precisely,.b Mr. HEN-RY CRA-WTER, junior, the person appointed to SELLz the same. a FREEHOLD PIECE of LAND, called Loggerhead, containing by estimation 6a. 2Up., situate at Plais'tow, in the county of Essex, in the occupation of MNr. John Cooke, of Wisitechapel, salesmau, ends F reehold Piece of Garden Grouand, containing sa. 3r. llp., situate in the parish Of St. John the Baptist, in the Nsl of Thanet. adjoining to the grounds of Chapel-hiill Hoase, and on the high road leading from Ramsgate to Margate, and the road leading from Nash-court Farm to Macgate, in the occupation of Mlr. Malta. as yearly tenant. To view the property at Plaistow apply to Chasi-es Yco, marsh bailiff, Plaistow, and the property at Margate, to Mr. William Maltali, the tenant, Pricres-cresrent, M argate. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had of Messrs. FewandCo. slictor, 2 HnrittastretCovent-garden, London of r.T. . enfld soictor 4, Mckeninrh-suae, onon T110GROCERS and ITAt1A1NWAREHIo-USPBEMEN JL-A smaill but profitable BUSINESS for immediate DISPOSA'L. It ivill reqire from 4400 to z00to take to and carz-it on. Apply by letter only, to A. W. B.. Mr. R. Dell's. Tachbrook-street, Pimlico. rpo0 AUCTIONfEERS andl others.-To be LET, old. J established SALE ROOMS, in avery populous and rapidly increasing neighbourhood, with dwelling and every accommodation for Carryinig on theluisinese. Apply to Mr. Bray, 16a. King's-road, Bedford-row. rI1O IRONAMONGBERS-To be SOLD, a small ,,IlUSINE-33 in the aboav4 iii-- within 10 miles of London. in a thoroughfare i6vffl. For particulars' ap;~ by letter to A.BI., 47, St. Paul's churchyard. T 0 be DISPOSED OF, cheap,i cneun ft-he T.decease of the proprietor, a BUST-EMS, eestsableis hed upwards of 60 years. n thebhoot and oboe trade. Apply to Mrs. Selves, 181,1Bricklane. Spitalfields. TOFARMERS, Cowkeepers, Dairymen, and others. T-To he SOLD, a very superior old-established FAMILY MfILK BUSINESS. ProeSts about £700 a year. Easily managed. Delightful and open situation, and very respectable. Terms moderate.-B. IliumSaied, 13, UGpper North-place, Gray"s-iun-road. near Guildford-street. rIpo CHYMivSTS and DRUGGISTS.-Kent.-In a .1.large town, an improving BUSINESS.for DISPOSAL. Returns nearly£400. Excellentcoarner prenmises,held at alow rent. Purchase, including furniture, about £100. For farther particulars apply to Mr. Jacobson, iNo. 38, Walbrook. city. TObe SOLD, the une-xpired LEASE, of 67 years, of a nine-roomed HOUSE. situate at Camden-town and in the main roo,held under the Marquis of Camden. at a ground rent of £G per annum. Przice £310. For cardsa to view apply to T. M., 48, Frattstreet. COsuiden-town. rib D APERS Groers o anybusiness requirg rib CHYMISTS and DRUGGISTS.-In NottinaT hamshire.-For DISPOSAL, an established CHYMISTUs BUS'1NESS. returns now between £400 and £100, capable of increase. Purchase, includlng stock.;fixturcs, &e.. only ;&A0. Convenient reeldence and goed garden, at a moderate renxt. For further particulars apply to MTr. Jacobson, 38, Walbrookc. city. rr,oIROMONERS,Sanths&c.-To be DIS- 0u ARTISTS.-To be LET, in 'St. John's.woodT3.read, a moot desirable RE.SIDENTCE. together with a large studio. for a term of three yeare; admirably adapted to the requireraentn of an historical painter or sculptor. Terms moderate. For particulars aDPply to Mes3srs. Kingsbury and Whitmore, 14, Ta6vistock-street, Covent-garden. TTb be SOLD, or LET for a term, an exceedingly deT.sirable VILLA RESIDENCE, situate at Reading. containing 17 Tooms, with coach-house, stablo, and domestic buildings attached, a ,well-stocked garden, greenhouse, and pNadded:, v,iih avenue of dine ielms. Further particulars may hb bah and a view seen at Messrs. Lander and Bedells, surveyors, 4. Great James-street. Bedford-row. T O AKER .-Acapial vryod-established BUSINESr, ding eary 20sacs wekiy atfull price, besides a gcoDd fanc trde.&s. toto LT. he omiginforlease fixtures, fittings 710 EiNGINEERS &c.-To be SOLD, by Private T Contract, the IEAS1R Goodwill and Plant of a complete ENGINEKERING ESTABLISHMENT (wrater-side), in London, beld under a term of 35 rears unexpired. Amply fitted with all requ-Isit and modemntools. In perfect wordngorder, and with immediate pos. session. For particuLrs apply to M. Thorma Ger-as Robinson, 10, Old Jewry-chnmbems FPreOr ofAPCONCEN,SinS larek an mporitaontroinil mar. sequethnc of athrm engagefmeints tor woldsnt objc aniito tk orkticng Paortner on eqitablehd terms.abFyrsituate,inla moto Mtr.esqu. Smith auchttioneerot andett agrent.ly adpedfre-treet coeain'-on Lofamndion,.o ati vffc rinlwes-tre. Bnuieoston r.Aspt Conc mer thaNT40EaReS, titheofgrainphermisto and rStocatio n drs TAFPIINTING and IaTHOGRAPHIC OFFICE to bODISPOSED T be SOLD, by Private Contract, the £238 a-year TGROUND RENT for, and the F'reehold and Reversion of the Holly-bush Tavern, Upper Niorwood. The rent is paid quarterly by Mfessrs. Elliott, Watney, -sod Co., of the Stag Brewery, Pimilico. under leases of the pr perty no* vested in them, of which toere are nearly 96 years unexpired Apply to Mr. Ovecend, solicitor, 11, Dorst-place north. Claphiam-road. T O AVERKEEPRS ad oters-To be DIS5. POSEDOF th LEAE Goowill,andFossession, of an excel- lentcompct T'VEIN ad WIE VALTS,mostadvnt.-Agcester The preises ar in firt-rate condition,sn elo ablong ter at a TTbO HATELa EEERS,P roprieAToRsEfReS.Ta-e .3. rnS,O CfD. a n o d otblher IA Foreign EtBUSoinnt.-doingter goodtade,threpiltalfOcEIGN HoTE ofl8ea LETo -at a very modsratesacorrental, a ndbihotpemium;orthe sonly condiions beingtoctke teapporit furniturofloue andb fitures at a fair valuation. FuTher ptar.an ticuls;tor bheira softr.sC Ferber apl, Warwick-c ,ourt,wGray'-rinn;eo rofaM. LBnoshn. lfr-tat Bn-tet of thAT WandCAPot u -te StUACtURERS.-To be LT't helthyD and old-uestabised I HseeaT eace and CPB SINES.doigd saiLAs,facory reasonlis can b=egieforts dispsl. Tel fixtures,stork. cuipals orpl thei Hollyte usneed appl, at 17 ad=`11rd, StWarbndswe-h TOfRtHe AndawortAD aDorkineySttin-To be LET, in ti LEASE. a detached FA3IILY RESDENCE. containing two narlours. measuring, respectively 22 ft. rby 13 ft. 2, and 11 ft. by 13 ft. four bed rooms,1l2ft.byl3ft. 6.10 ft. by lOft. 6.13 ft. 6byl.20f.6, an 12 ft. by 10 ft. ; two atticr. 12 ft. by li ft, and 12 ft. by 13 ft. ; kItchen, seuliery,-wocd-honse, stable, and good garden. For terms andtoview apply toMessrs. WhiteoandSons, anctionaersandcest-teagents, Dorking. AYSWATR.-To e LET, a well FURNISHED ing room, five bed rooms, anid a dressing room, two water-closetg, and ag~ood supply ofexcellent water. It isvery pleasantly situate, close to K7enshigton-gardens. Garden back and front. Terms 10guineas a month. No objection tolet p art of the house. Parties of respectability can applyat 14, Chepstow-place, Bayawater. HEELMS, Tottenham.-To Public Compnes or TH.otEhers Requiring a good Family Mansion, with Land.-This vaILOabIeFREEHOLD ESTATEto be SOLD by Mr. Wlybro,consisting of 15 rooms, coach-houses, stables, loose box, Man's room, pleasure and kitchen garden, paddock, &c. ;also a Plot of valuable Building Gron adjoining. For particulars and cards to view apply to Mlr.Whro estate agent, Tottenham-gren. 1)EIGATE-HILL Reigate.-A first-rate HOUSE Eli to be LET or SOL13, with occupation at Mlidsummer next. in this desirble and he-althy locality, within five minuates' walk of the Beigate Town Station. The house consists of large and lofty drawing rooms, dinin r oom, library, nine b-ed rooms, and dressing room, Ititchen, and scullery, wvith housekeeper's room, butler's room, pantry, cellars, &c. sabling and coach-house, and large garden. For terms apply to John F. Mathews, Reigate-hill, Reigate. LINDEN-GROVE, Nunhead-road, Peckham-rye.-- LTo be LET, for the very moderate rent Of £50 per annum, a detached VILLA. RESIDENCE, standing in a large garden. and containing 13 rooms. The situation Is remark-ably pleasant and healthy. There are omnibuses to alt parts of the city. Apply on the premises, No. 10. as above ; to M-essr. P'almer. Palmer, and Bull, 24, Bedford. row, Hfolbom; or to Mr. W. Thompson, -architect, 2, Conduit-street, Westbourne-terrace. WATFORD.-Close to the Railway Station and WCaseiobury-park.-To be LiET, Furnished, for three or four months (or longer), a genteel detahed HOUSE, consistilng of two sitting rooms and four bed rooms nmaking up five bedol, with kitchen, larder, wash-house (separate from the house), and other convenliences. A nice enclosed garden. 13eing afirst-classstation, numerous trains stop there during the day. Apply to J. F., M1r. Earless library, Castle-street east, Oxford-street. .TRNHAXLOG, Llangollen.-To be LET, Fur. .Bunoished, for the summer months, or if required a term of years this delightful ITALIAN VILLA. The rooms are large and commodiouF, and include three reception rooms, sI bed rooms, kitchens &o, The terraced gardens command splendidvieCws'of theriver Dee an far famed valley ofLlangolien. Therein good utaibng. The Chester anud Shrewabury Raliway is disant about four miles, and the village of Llasgollen one mile and a half. Mlay be catered immediately. Apply to Mr. J. T. Jones, Blronhanflog, Llangollen. T?JRIGHTON.-To be LET on reasonable terms, or .3.1 the Lease and Furniture of a hlOUSEO, most eligibly situate, to be Sold. The house in in perfect order, writh a sea. view, and the fur.niture of a superior daesription, anid suitable for a family requiring luxury and comfort. This property in worthy the attention of any party requiring ahouze in thisfaabionablelocahity, either as a residence or to re-let, when a considerable profit may be realized. Flor particulars apply to Mir. Pearmainl, 123, King's-road, Brzighton. P INNER Middlesex,within 300yards of the station. -To bo IEii or SOLD, several elegat semi-detached VILLA RESIENCE, met jdiciuslyarragedand tastefully decorated, andSt ortheimediterecptin f rspctalefamilies. The reDat var frm 11 o 65,hihinlnesairs-cassfre pssby heNorth- S TANHOPE LODG~ e Upper Avenue-road.-To be L]ETK HR onLAE thigene morderaesired HOUpshie.-dTod wit exuibe L Tat, ththted lat MArSONrietfor theae, oconataionin on thbemgrond flor capietaletmac flro hallne anboutamie dawng realfomswt foldingia dors.aniood dtaioning roewetrre capia bedromsad smalltwnwih x dresig rom sevat~ofice blow wth otandlthd pIwategrobahunds B ERKSHIRE on the borders of e H enampshire.-T be LT, Frni~ed,a MNSIO, ft fo th occupatio of abv acres of grasslnd will bo letwith te ,adtetnn mayl thre inodeimproemene. Fopam-tculas andardat vieapplytoSnellI street.~~~~~~~~~S. aeei U PPER NOR OOD (the best prt.Fr SAE by Pivae Cotrat, aFAMLY REIECE,cotinn dinng,drain, beakas.,andsix ed roos delightfull situate, withi 2'0'mintes walko the rsa Palce sand emrain avery extensive and uninterrupted view of the Sure a.ntd Kernt hils It is Plcdetrl wthin wngruns erete in the mos substantial mannr. nd wth veryregrd t cofortandconvenience. It is a preaced b a cariag drie, th domsticoffices are well arranged fuly ispse. Ter isanabudat sppy. raiwte,ad ae laid n frm Thaes Dttn.Appl peronalyt Mesrs. Bakanl Little Tower-streetDr,te city.To T)RIXTON-HILL.-To bre SODthhES e o aIntrmaof eas,ofa etchedrab,leY MAN=re shiON, stnd ing in abut ano acr and auaThero garzou,ndritaeontaneractuebyth propretorforbisaontocupatieson. theexterio elevation hin indth Italansyle.it cotisuande entrlancetalliand, prinipaletiretsn thoer adinn roome 21ayr7deet. wIth as ibrrybeid thteer saccmemonathe firta foafaUofdsicin and secodtsoris thee resevnnedroos,tw dressngroms a bth oomcomletly ittd ip, oumabe'd room,belr.e delssing thebesmen foorconiss o th usalroos,tndeveyrqiieC veiece te tbl ofies i n ncosd ar,coprsea oul coah-hus, lrg loseboxs,ahaes rom,andwlvnros FTI1NISHEiD HOU53, No.-S4, Carndon-roal- Fu NiUa, ,Cameden--o-n, mto be LET. -APPlY-aaboye. LIREEHOLD BUILDING LAND.-Holloway.-_ To be SOLDor RI,about18ACRES, in small or largo plots. A- to .Mr. 'eeshq, 17, Salibury-aquse EI USE to be LET, Furnished, eontain threa e AIre bad rooms, parlour, kitchen, with all otber convee incr. AVppy 1s, PenDces-comrt, Storey's gate. flAMERIDGE.lEHOUSA, Piccadilly.-This noiTe ~) MNSIO tobe L'ET, unfurmibeil For terms apply at the Sutton Estate offico,5, uoltoA-street, PiccadiUly. (10 UNTRY HOUCSE to be LET, anid Furniture to ,be Dlspseel. Of, within haf an hour of London (south-west) by rsil. ipply tW. ti. hD., Mr. Adams' 9, Parliament-gt. Westminster. IITY BUJSINESS PREMISES. -Excellent PRE- nISES, ua great leading thoroughfare, near tho Bank of England. may be obtaiued. Address to Messrs. Hoppa and Boyle, nolicitorm, 3. un-court, CornhilL. t'IHURCH in WELLCLOSE-SQUARE, St. Georges in theEsst -TobeLET'. tbo above large and commodious BUILDNIG ou moderate terms. For particulars apply to M&esrs. J. and IV. Sheflield, solicitors, 68, Old Broad-street. city. W1N LEASE, capital BUSINESS PREmISES, in OJt'he hearL of the city. nz.. a nine-roomed House. *ith an excelent shop. jstundergone a thorough s-epair. Bent only £50 perannum. Apply to T. Green and Son. 18. Hatton-garden. 'ITORTH NOTICE.-M. TOBACCONIST's BUSI- TV NESS to be DISPOSBED OF. ituate 40, Silver-treet, Goldensqure. Price, business and fixtures, £12. For particulars apply as SEMI-DETACHED VILLA to be LET, in X T M-ItgrtEe, Surbiton-hill, Kingston, witl garden, coachr.X eq tabdle. iRent zM 3. Apply on the premises. F!urnished, if ATT'RACTIVE SHOP and PREMIISES, in the best part of Oxford-street, to be DISPOSED OF. Particulars to Wriucipals only, on application to Mr. T. Tims. estate agent, &c., 54, pper Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, or 98, Regent-street. TREEHOLD.-To be SOLD or LET, a respectable AR seven-roomed HOUSE: close to Anerley Station, and within 10 minutes' of an entrance to the Crystal Palace grounds. Apply at I Oakfleld-torra ce, Orab6eld-ruad, Bongo, cl oses to the An erley Station. jiwAI and SHOOTING to be LET, within one I.' hour's rail of London and one mile from a first-class station. For patrticulars apply by letter, post paid, to Z., 1. Union-street, South- F OR SALE, a GROUND RENT of £70 a year, nearly equal to freehold, hebld by one lease from Sir 1V. W. F. iddleto. Part., for 99 years from Christmas, 18s4, at a peppercorn rent. Apply to 3tIr. D. fHughes. solicitor, 13, Gresham-street, Guildhal. BERLIN WOOL and EMlBROIDERY.-To be SOLD, an old-eEtablisbW.B3USINESS, vith an extensive and fashionable connexion, situate in one of the most select and leading thoroughfares at tho west end . the owner retiring from the business. Apply to Mersrs. Faudell and Plullips., Newgate-street. JOAIPACT, semi-detached, eight-roomed HOUSE, s repleteforoccupation, to be IET. docrablysltuate, in ac uietbut eadin- thoroughfare; the address, 24, Whitehead's-grove. Chelsea; frontage south. 25 feet; well enclosed gardens. Rent£13. Usefui furniture may be bought a bargain. H OUSES to beLET.-Brixton.-Several HOUSES vwith good gardens, in excellent condition, well supplied with bard and soft wfater, ivithin'an easy walidng distance of town; omnibuses passing near throughout the day. Rent moderate. To view apply at 14. VassaIl iflas, Hlolland-road, Brixton. g1 ENERAL SHOP, Beer-house or any Fancy Business.-For SALE, a bargain, the wASE, with immediate possession, of a smaU corner HOUSE, for nearly3 ar, at a moder3terent. To view apply to Mrs. Buck, , Marlborough-street Newout, Lambeth. I VESTME1NT in FREEHOLD and other PRO- PERTY.-A private gentleman, having several houses and lots of valuable property for sale, would be glad to meet any one looking for a safe investment and liberal interest, either as puresaseroran mortgagee. Address P. R., 61, Old Broad-street, city. TA-DIES' SCHOOL.-No Preminum.-Scven day Ljpupils, with an established connexton, with four roomsof furnture, two excellent piauofortes, with fixtures, &a., for £65, the present lady being obliged to leave London immediately. Address Alpha, 7, Trinity-row, Upper-street, Islington. jlJEDICAL.-For imrmediate DISPOSAL,, the 1M E LE ASE, Surgery Fixtures, &c., of an exceUent MEDICAL RESIDENCE, most advantageousi situate in the best part of a reatlyiimproving suburb:vrest of Lndon. Apply personallyat 12, Sydney-place, B3rompton. TOOK FARM, of either 350 acres or 430 acres, to S be LET. from haueaelmas next. with a good residence and superior farm buildings, vithin three miles of a railway station, on toe Great Westemn Railway For particulars apply to G. H. H., post-office, High WVycembe. Bucks. LLIGIBLE INVESTAIENT.-To be SOLD _E SEVEN LEASEHOLD HOUSES. 94 years unexpired. newly and weeU built, with good closets and drainage ground rent, each house, £3. To besold to pay£12 per cent. Apply by letter,post-paid, to H. G., 22, Bell-street. Edgeware-road. 4'IANCY BUSINESS to be DISPOSED OF in a fashionable watering-place, on the south coast-an excellent opportunity for anyone desirous of entering into business and at the same time enjoying all the advantages of a sea-side residence. Apply to Bosher and Vernon, 14, Goswell-road. ti ROUND RENTS.-A gentleman, interested for 'X younger children, wishes to INVEST z£13,(lDO in the PURCHASE of FcEEEHOLD and LEASEHOLD GROUND RENTS, secured on first-class property. Particulars to be sent to Mr. Clarke, 183, Strand, corner of Arudel-street. S TATIONER's and TOBACCONISTs, with or w withouit a Library, to be DISPOSED OF, pleassntly situate, in a high road, two miles aud a half from town. Double front, side entranee and garden. For the price of fixtures and stock apply to J. C, 1, Johnplace, CamberweU New-road, Eennington. C A be SOID, to pay 10per cent.-Mr. Henry Webbe g is instructed to n an imdmediate PUCASER for THEE substantial, well-built L.EASEHEOLD FAIdIY RESID:ENCfES. Term 75 years-nexpired. Lowestprice £S00 each. They are all let to good tenants, at £53 each per annum-Estate office, 2, LLpps-street, Belgrave-read. LAPITAL INVESTTfENT.--eMr Wenry lVebbe toi z SELL, together or separately, FOUR wel-built LESEHOLD HOUSES, held direct from the MNare,uis of Westminster, at a low gound it, f unexpired term ofbSyearsu annual value £40 each, move3 pce E30,of which £500 can remnain on mortgage.-Estato offEc e. 2 , Lnpus-street, Belgrave-roasd, Pimibco. SAEINVtESTMENT.-M!r. Henr Webbe is an- thorrzed to SELf, a substantial-built L.EASEHOLD HOUSE, in good. repair ; t.erm 73years unexpired ;annual value £51. Low est urice X26O.-Estate office, 2, Lupus-etreet, Belgrave-road, near Vauthallbridge. fDETACHED COTTAGE to be LET, Furnished, containing four bed and two sitting rooms, Iitchen, pantry, ccllar, and out-offices, wit a beautiful lawn and good gardeu. Situate in the best part of Kent' * bout an heur's journey from lLondon, near a mark:et town, and wit'hin 10 minutes? walk of a railway station. Apply to A. X., pest-office, Tanbridge. ~C HOLASTIC.-To be DISPOSED OF, in an im- proving neighbourhood, five mrles from London, with or without a lg house, at a moderate rent, a LADIES' DAN SCOOL. Between 10 and 40 pupils Terms moderate. A good opening for a boarding schooL Satisfactory reasons given for parting with it. Letters to be addres3ed to Y. Z.. Mlac Mtichael's library, King's-road, Chelsea. Cl ROCER's and CHEESEMONGER's or first-rate GENERAL SHOP, doing £138 erweek; with separate accommodationforthogreengroceryandcoaltrade, which could be added to advantage. No reasonable offer 7efuEed, as t'he present proprietor has entered into a larger concern inthe country. Apply to Mr. Mio, candie manufacturer . Kingaland-road. A CLERGYMAN, possessing pecuniary means, may A im}neriately SUCCEED a brother clergyman, retiring from iU health, as PRINCIPAL of a COLLEGIATE SCHOOL, many years establisbedL undermost influential patronage, in the most desirable art of London. Minimum income £200 per annum. Apply to Ur. erc Smitm , clencalregistry, 36. Southampton-street, Strand. ALADY, in town for the season, whose elegantly AFUBNISHliD RESIDE31CE at a beautiful vv3terin Fplaco in Eampshire, is consequently vacant, offers it ibamediately, either in apartments or otherwise. Terms moderate, with or without board, aud the use of five servants, harp, piano, &c. Address J. R, M£r. Warner's, 11, Cursitor-street, Chancery-ane. G OOD INVESTMENT.-To be LET or SOLD, witbin a few minute' wvalk of the Kingoland RailwayStation, a comfortable HOUSE. and large piece of Ground at the rear, 90 feet by 60 feet, suitable for building cottages. For further particulars apply to John Seard, BEx., 2, North-crescent, Bedford-square; orto sr. C. DeCries,,14. sloundeditch. FREE PUJBLIC HOUSE and GIN-SHOP, with a Bgood business. hease. fixturce, and effects, £250. First-rate promises, in a commanding situation, plate-glass front, and double entrance. Apply to Mlr. Mlorley, 1, Sidmouth-atreet, Gray's-inn-r oaLad ' plUBLIC-HOUSE, at Hatfield, the property of a liberal brewer, free for spirits. The preises comprise al that is requisite. Bent £20. No premium. Valuation about £120. No useless articles to be taken. Apply to Mr. Morley, l, Sidmouth-street, Gray's-inn-road. FREE COUNTRY INN and BARKET-HOUSE, Fwith 13 acres of meadow land, roomy stabling, and garden. Reut £50; let off £120. The above is a commodious house, possessing the best accommodation, is well rupported, being opposite the Corn Exchange, sitlato in Hertfordshire, one mile from a station. Terms to suit a smaUl capital. Apply to 31r. Morley, ], Sidmouth-street, Gray'sinn-road. LREEHOL.D HOUSE, in the City.-To be SOLD, niin consesuenco of the death of the owner, a large substantiallybuilt FREEHOLD HlOUSE, close to Bishopagate-street, producing a weekly4 rental of l9s., but can be let to yearly tenant, at the rental of £e42. F9or further particulars apply to Mr. J. Denham, at the Cambridee coffee-house, near New-street, Bisbopegate-atreet. 4OR DISPOSAL a genuine established BABY IL' LINEN and LADIES'NDhiR LOTHINEGBUSUINESS, situate in a leading business thoroughfare. Rent moderate, and nearly covered by letting. Stock not lasge, and well assorted, and in good condition. Could be managed by one or two ladies. Apply to Mr. Rogers, 1, Welliorton-street, London-bridge. L ODGING-HOUSE to be LET, with immediate pessessien, well situate, in South Be]gravia. and contiguous to the WVestminster omnisuses and bcatsto the city. The furnituro is appropriate, and tbe whole t o be bad upon advantageous terms. Any partyv with a smalin dependence, or holding asitution, wl idu this very desirable. Satisfactoryv reasons given for parting withit. Apply to hSr. Clark; 180, Cambridge-street, WarwiCk-square, Piimlaco. F ANCY REPOSITORY and CIRCULATING aNIBRARY for DISPOSAL,. House and business of the first class, with every convenience for domestic comfort and requisite for trade, which has been successfully carried on by the present proprietor for the last 10 years Price £210, including lease, library, goodwill fixtures, &c. Inquire for particulars of Messrs. Hutton and Co., 6 Newgate-street. A BARGAIN.-To be DISPOSED OF, the sgenuine CONC ERN of a BOORBEiLER, Stationer, News an Library, and Tobacconist, establshed lyea. Parted with solely through iM(' ness. Bent 10 guineas can let off 20. Price for stoclc. fixtures, fittir,ga,and library of good lending books, 5 gufineas only. Apply on the prennees, 90, LomAubeth-walk. LATmbeth (Kenmaigint^-roasi end). AParties in want of a businees will find this ra b'a filte concern. NRo ag^ent need rapply OR SAE, by Priv.ate Contract, a valuable MIANOR FA1^AM, called Grevat FaArthingloee sabo^t on,e mile fro,m Dover, with a6 capital resdence, requiisite 1uiigs, and about 476 acres of amble, pasture, and woodland, stretching io the sea shore, held under the usual renewable lease from the See of Canterbury. Possession may be had atMichaelmas next Forparticularsinquire of 5Ir. Benjamin Taylor, Langdon Court, near Dover; or at the offces of 'Messrs. Knocker, solicitors, Castle-hill, Dover. ESIDENCES to be SOLD, in conseo,uence of a fi 6 death.-TWO excellent FA T BBSIDENOEs, cOntainin 10 and 12 rooms, with good gardens. They are in excellent re air. Beld by separate leases, and situate within a short distance of th0 ralway station. King's-cross. Would readily let at £55 and £70 per annum. Term 50 years, at a ground mat. Apply on the premnises 19, egent- square; and at MIr. Savage's, grocer, 35, Sidmouth-teet, Gray's-inn. read. IHEAP RENTED HOIJSE3 close to the High-street, Peckhm.-To be LE:T, a genteel 1OUSE. of good elevation containingLx rooms, with smeall front and back garden, well drainea and wiell suppEiedwvith wvater, and in excellent repair, being 3, Park:-terrace, MTarlborough-road, High-street. The rent to a respectable tenant is £18 per annumn, or if preferred it wrouldbe let at 8s. per week, the landlordPaYtcg taxes and repairs. Mr. Crnckett, wvhoresidesat 4, wiill show it and gi-ve auy explanations whbich muay be required. FARI, with the Shooting, in a beautiful country, four miles from Hatfield, Herts, and only 20 miles from London. -To be LET, on LEASE 231 acres of LAND, witlicommiodious Residence and necessaryBuildings, lying in a ring fence, and bounded on three sides bythe high road. Arrangements will be mae to drain the land. Permission will be given to break no pasture and grub fences, and every facility afforded to an enterprising and improving tenant. Particulars and orders to view may be obtained of Messrs. Davis and Vigerm, landagents, 3, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry, city. C AVEI)ISHI-SQUARE (close to).-Halndsomely and newly FURNIHED HIOUSE to be LET, contauinig brea - fast and las-go dining roomns, twvo spacious drawing rooms cemmnUiiiCat ing with folding doors, bed and dressing roomns making ulp 10beds, and suitabe domestic offices;* drainage exellent. Term3s moderate. Apply at 78. Wimnole-street. AMILIES REMOVING will find the BEDFORD FPANTECHNICON, 19, Tottenbam.court-road, is the best and cheapest wfarehouse for storing furniture, pianos, luggage, and every description of valuableproperty. A competent person wfin attendto give estimatesfor packing anfiremoving with.irn 10miles free of expense. For terms and prospetuses apply to the proprietor, Mir. P., COLES. upon thc pren ises. N.E. Contacla faor towrn and country removals in covered rans upon moderate terms, 'yR EEHOLD GROTND RE~T3 ot ~2135 per ,__anm.m 174 r) anum t~ be SOLD, to pey 4 per cent. Prey to r sohmis, I4. penxsqiuare Elso.Xbury. ~ ~7JATE SIDEPREMIES tobd LET. avith or - QtLGoutGsteam power.U ppl at Ithe fsaw mill,,l', w hr road. Caledonian-roa&i to. be LET orSG itblfrulcn*tEr,oe o V-A- factorle&. Apply hose oI.Dibe.13 rbaOeb \;O iS nPS Orchard-st.reet., O.xford*street, ] L ,to ba e lighted, and wish convenient side entrnce and gateP- Apply to Mr Lb amar S. Orchard-street, VU,RNISHED.-A capital RESIDENCE, in a Jjhealthy bLd pleEasat localitto bo IEr, containing dinun, drawng,breakfast,andsixbedrooms, for six weeks ortwsmonths. I Aplly to Mr Murrel. auctioneer. 1. Wabroo1 , city. TATER POWEi:R and FACTORY Mitcham- * common, near the HaldloWry Station. to be LIT. consistiug of three buildings, water-wheel, yard, &c. Apply to Mr. Wade. Mitcham; or to TIr. Parish, Crosby-hall-chnbers, ishopeg,aLe-street, London. 1lNEDICAL.-To be DISPOSED OF, a PRAC- ±tLTICE, of £300 per annum, in a large agricultural village (mlaland). The cent of house, with stabling and an acre of garden, is eo per annum. Entrance £t5O,includingsurgery. ApPlrto2&.Ordde, 30. Bucklersbury. GWATERSIDE PREiISES road, City-road). to be LET, situate in a central part of Iondon, on the Eegent'l CanaL, The buildings are moat substantial erections, and very spacious. There ace four lofty chimney ahaf in, and a 20-horae,Dowvr steam boiler. For fercher particulars apply to Messr.n Pulraa1oreey, Bhi ler-atreet, city. iSCHOLASTIC.-For TRANSFER a BOYS' 'BOAhDING and DAY SCHOOL in the west end of London. Terms for boarders 40 guineas, for day pupils 12 guineas. To be di;pored of for a small premit;m in consequence of the death of the proprietor. Als the cioodwiilof a L adies' SchooL. ,Cmpbelland Co.'s, lericalabndacholssticagency'. l4. ing's-road, Gra-inn. - r ANvTDED IKTVESTME NT.-To be SOLD, to pay L A the purchaser upvwards of 3' per cent., an ESTATE producug a rental of £387 per annunm, in d uie agricultural district, near a raillway station and good markets, and surrounded by excellent roads in an directions. For further particulars address C., care of Messrs. -Waltera and Son, solicitors, 30, Basimghall-street, city. CIAPITAL FREEHIOLD HOUJSE for SALE, at Camnbers,ws, containing S rooms, handsome chimney-pieces, register stoves, LasMge closets, banging presss mahogaony ssde hoards, larder, coal vaults, cellar, two water-losets, bLinds, sand every convenience, for £400, or alease for 00 years for £230.at agroundrent. Welllet toa drst-rate tenant. Inquire of J. Hayes, papcerhanger, 7, Southampton-street, CamberwveiL
SALES BY AT1CTION. Great Booldhm, Surrey.-The truly Taluable and compact Freehold IEsate, o about 50 acres, with a substant'al Re ldenee, lnown as MIillfield-house, surrounded by beautiul ardens, and well-timbered r andparkmlike grounds. 1/jR. F E DERICI JONES is instructedto SELL .iNLbyi AUCTION, atGalrraway's, on Wednesday, May21, *tl2, lunlees previously disposed of by Private Contract.) the anov'e desirable PRtOPE:RTY, ofwhichprintedpartieulsrswithavew and plan of thea etate are now ready Ior distribution, and may be bad ol Samuel Staniland,Resq., solictor. 22, Bouverle-etrsee Fleet-street; Mfr. Jssnz Jonm, estate agent, 27, Mil-street, Chcapsid; and oS the auctioneer. By Mr. JAES PruRCHON, by order of the Tlstee under a deed of assignment, on the premises latelt occupied by Mr. William Hemrn James, in the Commercial-buildings, 1 on Wednesday, May 14, at U forenoon, A LL the va1uable Stock-in-Trade of a Lithog- pher, consisting of seven preabes, rollers, stands, lithographic stones, and other implements belonging to the trade of a lithogrApnor.- one of Milner's patent safes,alaxgo quantity of paper,cards, desk, offics furaiture, gas fittings, and other property three of the preeses were made by Mnessrs. Greig, of Edinburgh. Ior permissiou to view the property,Zevious to the sale, andior catalogue, application to be ma:so to Il. WiUiama fMarshall, accomuntant, 40, Albion-street, ds. Full-compass Pianofortes, by Broadwood, Stodart, Gange, Broad bridge, Daly, Tomkidson, Percussion Harmonitmis by Alexandre. Seraphine by Green, double-action Harpa by Erard, Violins, Coruopeans, Guitars, Drum, Prench Horns, Trump_ts, Twro ChFrogyua- E3SSRS. EELLY and Co. will SELL by AUC- 1TI2ON0, at 21, Old Bond-street, on W.ednesdy ne,-t, Ms,y14, atI for 2. by order of Messrs. Earvey, writhout resterve, their entire 8TOC}i in TADE, comprising SO square, piccolo, cottage, cabinet, and grand Pianofortes,and a general stork of musical insttruments Msit' he viewed the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had at the rooms ; or of the aucetioneers, 7, Piigh-sttreet, Kensington, Freehold and long Leasehold Property at HoDk and long L iKton. urrey. 7IfR. W. A. PRICMER has received instructions .lY from the Mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at the Griffin Inn, Kingston. on Thursday, May15, at3. a compAct well-built REFHOLD DWELLG-HOUSE situate at Lower Hooc Surrey, erected within the last three yeatrs or a publir-house, containing four good bedx rooms, twro front parleure wvith haywtindows, kitchen, sculles, spcious lean-to erection, anid garden; also Two wvell-built four-roomed Cottagest adoining, with cardenris The above-described property, which is freehold, and of the estimated annul value of £33. will be sold in onc lot, lsIo a Pair of wellbuilt semi-delached Leasehold Dwellinghouses, situate in Prospect plce, Long Ditton, umTey. each oontg two sitting roams, three bed rooms and dressing room, litchen,a Eeullery, wiith good gardens, both let to resetable tenants5 at rents amoutnting to .£31 4s per annum. 'This property is held direct frons, the freeholder for aterm of 92 year, from MIdisummer, 1852, at an amnnal ground rent of £617ie fd,, writh power to purchase freehold vithin one year from 13th of November, 1855. May be Tiewed at aus time previous to sale, Particulars had on the premises; Of Ca Walter, Ese, solictor, Kingston; and of the auctioneer, Trownsend, Kinpston, Surrey. DomDpact Freehold Estate, near Ascot, Sunninh, Berks.-By Mr.W. WEBB, at the Star and Garter Inn, Tindsor, on Thursday, May 22. at 2 for 3 predseley, in one lot, unless previoualydispoed of byPrivate Contract, of whicn due notioe will be given, A LL those Two Freehold brick-built Cottages or Tenements, with slated roofs, situate on Queen's-hil- in the parih of Surnnghill, in the omunty of Berks: the first of which tenements is known as the Reform Beerhouse, containing 10 roornh, i-th a EiX and a nine bushel oven, capital stabling, outhouses, and piggery, with excellent garden; let at the low rent of £25 per annum. The tecond tenement is knowni asProspect Cottage, containing eight rooms. a pony chalsehouse, stable, and piggery. with a superior garden wef stocked with productive fruit trees; there is a carnage way or avenue from the London and Reading road of near 400 feet, and let at the low rent of £22 per annum, Eaah of the cottages has separate s assigned them in the parish church, which Is at an eary distaaee. The property is situsto within five minutesC walk of Ascot4heath racecourse, two miles from Virsni Water, i from Windsor. eight froma Salnes seven from Wokohn. and abeut 10 minutes' walk from the intendednew; railwvaystation. Mfaybe view ed bylIeve of the respective tenants, and printed particulars and conditions may be obtained, one week previous to thesle,attheAngelandCro tamen; Catherine WheeL, Eghan; Railway HoteL,Wokingham; the Wells Iun, Sunninghil ; the place of sale, of George , Starland, Esq. solictor. Gravesend, Kent; and of te"auctioeer, appraiser, and esateagent of the same place, Suffolk. -i/FR ABB3OTT wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the [I Swan Inn, Lavenbam, on Tuesday. June 3, at 3 o'clock in tho afternoon. in 20 lots, POT's F3A I and WOOD, with a good houe and homestead, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas tichardeon, in the parishes of layham, Hadleigh. and Shelly, contiining 220 acres; tao Priory Farm and accommodation land, with a large family hosc, garden, yards, and extensive farn buildings, in the occupation of Ms. joseph Richardson anL Mr. Stutters, containing 103 acres; a mansionhouse, pleasure grounds, gardens, paddock, aud offices, in the ocCup,%tion o F.J. Barkway. IaQ.; 40 dweling-houses, shops, sndtenements, in prominent situations, at Lavenham; and asfarm, in the occupation of Sr,. John Amos, called WVatennere River Fann, witll homse and homestaD,. in the perishes of ThorPie.MorlcOX. Preston. and ILavenham, containing 56 acres:. the wahole estate, at the old moderate rental, inciuding the wvood, produces £700 a year. lt is intonded to colmnenee the sale w,ith the aDotmeuts of me^adowv land at ShcDly. andto proceed wsith Pott's Farm, at Laybam. the PrioE Farm, rt Lve-enum the accommodation land there. W-term River Frm. at Thorpe koricur, the mansion-house and groumds, at Lavenham. the property in Bear-lane. High-street, WaistrStTO ld-street, t Market-hil, Bolton-street, and to dCaog With thatu iSlsng-streot, Printedpartieulare and conditions of sale, with plans annex ay he had of Mean-a, Parker, RooL-e, and Parker, solicitors. ho. 17, Bedsfordrowr*t tho Mart;* at the pio of srlo; of the tenantsof the Ansast the Swran Inn, Lavesabam; White Lion, P;adiei4h -h - ose ante Cronp, Sudhun; Bull, Long Mlehord; Angel, Suyb -ml' SRutland Arms, h ewmark;et; Cups, Celchester; 'White Horse, Ipawich; nud of Mrr. Abbott, 26, Bedford-fe, spo iDdon, and Bynfaburs', 81l. Root's, Huntingdonsaiire,
