DEATHS. At CalcLtta, of the effects of cholera, in his 45th year, brajor Frederick Raleigh, of the Ist Regiment Bengal Native Infantry, and ComnLandastof the lst Local ltegiment, or Calcutta Militia. On tho 17th ult., of disease of the heart, at the house of his sister 11. Alexeanhder-s ruare, Bromu}ton. Lieut.-Clonel W. T. Cockburn, late of the 6thil Rifles, in the 5.5th year of his age. On Thursday, the 5th inst,, at Newport, Salop, Mr. Thurntans, solicuter, aged 66. LOnthe 17th inst, atHeronden near Tenterden, Rent, William Peel Croughton, Esq., in his 15th year. On the 12th nstl. the Rev. Gibbes Walker Jordan, rector of Waterstock, Oxon, aged 56. On the 16th inst., at Sydenham, aged 75, Elizabeth, wife of Mr. t-eorge Longridge. On the 16th inst.. while on a visit to her niece, Julla Sale Howard, 2, HaddintongVillas, Ilford-road, WFest Ham, Miss Sarah Elizabeth Sale, aged 54. On the 1Sth inrt.. Mr. Thomas Fraser Betts, in his 55th year, for many years a clerk at the Indemnity Assurance Ofice. 0n the 5th lear, at Sparsheot Vicaage near Wineheiter in her 17th 3-ear, Emily Susan, the second daughter of the 1Rcr. Eetmsnla Stewart. On the 15th hut, Miss Mary Burr, of Lee-road, Blacskieath, formerly of Duenstable. On the 15th inst., of congestion of the brain, after ten weeks' illness, Ada Jessie, aged six months, the ornly daughter of H. Goodeve Piowra, Bq., surgeon, of Brooke Lodge. De Beauvoir-road, Kingsland.
RBILWAY INTELLIGENCE. LOND1ON, BRIGHTO2N, AD SOUTE COASR A special meeting of this company was held yesterda- at the Bridge-house Hotelto consider two hills now before iaaliament, in compliance -with the standing orders of the House of Lords; Mr. L. Schuster inthe chair. MIr Sucwr, the secretary, read the notice convening the The L:rnnsta stated that the first bill he had to submit in compliance with the WharnEliffe standing order related to the Westend and CrystalPalace Railway, contaiing clauses for enabling the arrangements between the Brighton Company and the West-end of London Company to be tegayU arried into effect. These arrangements were sanctioned bythe proprietors at the general meeting of the 26th of January, 1854 There was nothing new in the arrangement. The Solicitor read the heads of the bill for authorizing traffic arrangements between the West-end of London and Crystal Palace and the London, Brighton, and South Coast, the South-Eastern, and the London and South-Western companies, for sale or lease of the West-end of London and Crystal Palace Railway, the regulation and increase of rother purposes. The clauses in the bill rel he Bnhton Company were for working, fixing, and apportioning the tra3fficbetween theBrightonandWestend companies. The agreement was not to be binding without the approval of the Board of Trade and the sanction of three-fifths of the shareholders of the company represented at a meeting to be specially convened for the purpose. Mr. HERAPTrH said that on such occasions and, in fact, on every occasion of their meeting a large map should be hung up in the room so as to enable the shareholders to understand the position of all the lines in connexion with their railway. Mr. MA'wVsLEY wished to know whether the West-end Company was in a position to carry out the agreement with the Brighton Company. The Csmnoesx exolained that plans of the line and West-end station had been designed by their own engineer, and when the work-swer completed the West-end Company would be entitled torzeceive a toll of 8,00. a-year from the Brighten Company for their long trains running over the WVest-end line to the station at Battersea, which was to be calledthe Sloane-street terminus. The shorttraffic fromooth lines was to be dividedin certain proportionsbetween the two companies. The Brighton Company were to work the Westend Railway traffic for 421 per cent. of the grossreceipts, exclusive of Government futy. The West-end line formed a junction with the Brighton Railway at a point between the'lNorwood station and Croydon. The Sloane-street station would be on the Surrey side of the river. After some observations, a formalresolution approving the bill was carried unanimously. The CmAIrscir said, the other bi1l he had to submit was a bill for authorizing a lease of the Wimbledon and Croydon Railway, and for authorizing the purchase of additional laids, and the raising of additional capital by the Wimbledon and Croydon Company. The Brighton Company had nothinato do with the purchase of land, or raising the additionai capital ; the only matter that concerned them was leasing the line. It was originally proposed to be leased by the Brighton and South-Western Railway compauies, each company having 2;- miles of the line, the total length of it being 5. miles. The shareholders of the Brighton Company agreed to the proposition of leasing their half for 8501., but the South-Western Company rejected it. In the original bill it was'sroposed to lease the line to Mr. Bidder, but the Brighton Company opposed the bill, and, after some negotiation, it had en agreed to lease the vhole of the line to the Brighton Company for 1,S201. a-year, which was 4 per cent. on its cost (45,5001.). Since that had been agreed to the South-Western had applied to be allowed to participate in the lease, and the Brighton Company, wishing to continue on friendly terms with them, had agreed to allow them to participate in the lease, which, he believed, would be mutually advantageous, so that the matter would stand as originally contemplated. Mr. HEH-PATI remarked that if the traffic on the line paid per se, it would be advantageous to both companies to work it, as traffic would pass to and from that branch over their main lines. The Solicitor having read the heads of the bill, The CHAmmLiN then moved a formal resolution approving the bill, which was carried unanimously. In reply to an observation of a shareholder, The CnttB& said, he beEeved they should encourage landowners to make branch lines in all cases, and to foster suchundertalings as much aspossible, because he was quite sure that was the only way the directors could consolidate the interests of the company in respect to branch lines. The proceedings terminated with a -vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. SEVERN VALLEY. A special meeting of this company was held yesterday at the offices in Parliament-street, to consider a bill in compliance with the Wharncliffe standing order; Sir S. f. Peto in the chair. Mr.REED, the secretary,having read the notice convening the meeting, Mr. TooGooD, the solicitor, read the heads of the bill for authorizing deviations from the authorized line, extending the time for the purchase of landl and completion of works; and making further provision with respect to the share capitalto facilitte the completion of the undertakrng. The CHAThMAXu-, in moving a formal resolution approving the bill, said that a general meeting of the company would be held next month, and he would then be in a position to make a full statement with regard to their affairs. The resolution was seconded and carried unanimously. The meeting then separated. THAISES HAVEN\. A special meeting of this company was held on Wednesday, at the London!Tavern, to consider a bill now before Parliamnent, Mr. J. D. Lowden in the chair. The Secretary having read the advertisement convening the meting, The Cmuslzxw read the marginal notes of the company's bill for making a dock and works at Thames Haven and for other pm-poses, and concluded by moving a formal resolution approving the bilL. Mr. IIEN?iErIJ seconded the motion, and it was declared carried, Mr. Hand and Mr. Xoberts dissenting. On an explanation from the ClmnAs with respect to the Tilbury stock, Mr. Hand withdrew his opposition, and the jiroccedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the Charrmau. ROYAL DA?lSH. The report of the directors of this company states that, on the 17th of May last, the bridges across the Eyder, forming thejunction between the Royal Danish and lNeumlmnster Railways, were opened. A most comprehensive system of steam communication has been organized by the North of Europe Steam NavigationCompany, by which the greatest facilities are afforded for the conveyance of passengers as well asmnerchandise, not only from this country to Denmark, but also from FPensburgto the ports intheBaltic. Passengers are booked direct by the Royal Danish Railvay from this country to St. Petersburg. Meetings have been held by the representatives of all the lines in connexion with the Royal Danish Railway, in order to perfect the system of through bookig. The accounts are of a very simple form, as the guaranteed interest at the rate of 6 per cent., from the 25th of October, 1854, to the 25th of April, 1856, has been paid to the shareholders, and, such amount of interest having exceeded the net revenue, the balance has been paid to the company by the lessees, in accordance with theterms of the lease, as shown in the accounts certHfied bythe auditors. The grantee fund of 100,0001. alluded to in the last report remains invested in the names of the trustees. The capital account showed that 581,8311. had been received and expended to the 25th of April. The guaranteed interesi account to the 25th of April showed that 48,3000. had been received from revenue aud from the lessees, in accordance with the terms of the lease, and paid to the shareholders, and 4,7151. reeeived from the lessees and paid for manage ment .erpenses. TRAFEIC RETURNS. Iltiles Pea- 3er Tota, To Railways. opec. engecm. chandise. 1826. 1535. X. A. Z. AF W'ee2 eding June 6. Dublin anI Kingstown .. 6 . ... 3,002 Week ending June 7. Aberdeen and Scottish .4id- land Jumction .. .. 115 - - - .. - . -,4 . - 3,2S Week ending June S. BristolandExeter .. .. 117 7-. - .. - .. 72S3 -- &521 London, Tilbrzy, and South- end Extension a - .. - . 1,356 - 161 .. 1,5I7 93. - S4 East Anglian . . 8 - . . - . - . . s S S857 Dundalk anid Enniskillen 5. 3935 _ .. - . . 3S- 273 Week ceding June 14. North-Eastern . . . . 7031 -. - . .. - 31,2SS .. 32,S14 DublinandWiclldow 34 -. - . 60 - 6D 806. 352 WaterfordandKilkenny -- 31 -. - -- .. 267 191 Waterford and Limerick 77 1,362 951 Londonderry and Coleraine 3S G - 217 . . 137 . 354 210 Londoeiderry and Einnisdllen 60 .. 26S 9. 401 . 670 633 Sanbre and rcuse..ro- .. 6S -- - .. - .. 1,219 2. 1,3i4 Great Southern andWeitem (Ireland) - 2031,- - 7 . - .. 7,746 . 6,094 Irish South-Easter .. 25 . - . -. - . . 293 . - 231 Killazney Junction -. .. 41 .. - . . - .. 474 * 281 Dublin and Wickglow 0. 341.. - . . - -. S5 352 -. Weel ending June 18. Great Western .. .. - .. - .. - .. 31.1 . 26,383 Midland . . . .. 43.. - - 29,142 -- 26.207 Bancashire and Y orkshire.. 28k. . . ..23,173 . . 20,935 Eastern Counties, Norfolk, and Eastern Union . 417 .. - .. - .. 23,83a -. 22,654 East Lancashiro .. .. 53 .. - .. - -.6.0S7 5.. .217 LondonandBlackwall ., - . . 1,454 75 . 2. 1529 . 1,4S7 lidland Great WVestern (Ire- land).- .. - .. - .. 3,552 -. 2,8S4 ChesterandlHolyhead .. - .. - .. - .. 5,182 . 4,505 Oxford,Worcester, andlVol- verhampton. 94 X603 . 1,650.. 3,453 .. '405 Shropahire Union 2.. . 2-.. - . - .. 1,020 .. LQ02 North British.. 149 .2,050.. 2,72 . 4,778 .. 4,87 Newport Abergavenny, and Hereford .. .. 4 .. - - .. 1,10 .. 728 Edinburgh, Perth, andDim- dee, and Scottish Central - .. - .. - . 6,838 .. 5,848 Dnblin and Belfast Junction 56 .. - . . - .. 1,241 1,015 Dublin and Drogheda .. 63 . - .- ..- 1,513 1,413 * This amount includes the Liverpool, Croeby, and Southport trafic, which is no included in the corresponding period.
STATE OF TRADE.-M-A2wiSTm R, June 19.-The market remains quite firm, and in yaMs a moderate business has been done at the fmU advance of Id. per lb. secured on Taesday. In cloth prices are firm, but there is still but little business dom TAdvertisement.}-"Pottleton Legacy," by Albert Smith, pnce 2s., is the new volmne of Routledge's cheap aedes also, lately blabhied, price Is. 6dL each, Whom to 3fn7, by tie Brotbers iayhew-Pallisees Solitary Hunter.-erstsecker's Wild tnorts .Angua tchs Clemeat lorimer-oeopers rHeidenmeurm Wyandotte, Satanstoe, Afrat and Ashore, Prairie, led Rorer, Waterwitch: and, pnce is. each. Mica Edgeworls^ Vivian. eManceuring. Absentee, Roamu, Rose Clark, My Broirer's Xieeper, Rath Hal Vicar of Walkefield, Life of Nelsen, Wellicston, sir Robert Peeli Boutledge's cheap eeries now containsl39 volme,, all meltable for call way andhome readinz. Lists gratis on application. London, George wuoUtedge and C5o, Rosrinedon-Etreet.
AUS2:zrA2Q AluwAYa rAdveirum.entfl Wioe results attending the Gener-al Assemblyeof the Austrian Comnpany f theGovermentRailwys hae benomet impatientlY ex- acontof tie tatementy lfai bentofore theshreolers. 48s0bjct th Tirs patou the Report Govtrnmaen knolwny,thn cirumtnce- a whirh,th companyuat cofstitutreediang the, ratse cthon btied b shuc ratsiOno lhude am:- nudetke y h .Th oprthe frnth Governmenst Rilwofai Bohemia,o The Provihnceof BoaenatMentn Railway, in Hunv- gaonyl Dctin ativty in length.. ..-. . 4 is 3. T-heRailayermenTenadeswrtomtSegdi;nuobTeme- war,letacotheHuaingoathr peadu g ine , dwithe con- tucinstof which hat beeon uxpnde,tain lntry the Compam, borgto the formieratn Cofpan subidybo length00 .,in lngt 4.Thei'rotalngth of thanallway gtlines beliigi toth ComTepainwy frn ompTemeswaro he a9b wi9 completes thee amungartianviney endwh0hteC56 paingi constructinga athe s w expense,o h invrlengt. 9s is 0.The Praceilw aylin froms haTenn to grantdtshean nyli toote on, o Deoenbert o1te9 rme omay7fRa TeCompany then, comries.r1,359 epeu! roretr 19 Of Thechtheufactrinafseam ngnesmyiena ,106ic 5D 8o Biieienginsmyb construceda te txensdo therGovearnmn. 13 The orecemingawylies hfBadldave o bEendnedo. tnBhemOina. nyab The Co mporany has,e moreover, beeyet u rprieorkdnea Tof-ti 1. Thel madufaory ofm eanines in thienna, in whichll8oplaceo. 2. The ronalmnes cofpe Borkness ond ofe B lannat nB. eian 6.cAnietyfPague, icuing foil atieGvity, aondcmpida 1,828pertcntare 3.An',O imortalt minea of lgie as4 hetaunw,ofkd nearh Tccp6tr in iw p.ropely andiro mIn-es inar themBanae, infoil opeatin.9D ecaf foreet land, the remaining, partonly bring.ing into theCompany certain,. locat dues. The purchase of the lines and of the lande. which onstitutes sacomplicat-edanoperation, through the multiplictty of the particulars tobe entered into, lasted up to the day previous of the meeting of the General Assemibly. It is eonseqiaentiy bta short timre since the0Coia- EsnY is in fuil posession, and row it has gone through a period or' boiuoraition it in prepared to enter into one of improrementand development. The Company has found in the storehouse of the raiwaty lines. which have been grantedl0.55,1601.'worth of stores. In cosequece o whic,lth sum emnplosed in the purchase of the railway linsbies s,woks and estates, including the railway of Raab andit engine factory, aLmounts .to something less zhan, 20D.900,t*X1 The Renort enters into the particulars of the expenses which itmaight be necWessaryT to inciua, in order to impart to the whole opemraion the gzradual development it may demand, and values the samne at 151.000,00f. The CoDmpany, in consequence of the agreement made with the.- Government at the time of the concession, is entitled to form the jimction of the Hungarian line with that of Rtaub to Vienna, by throwing a bridge over the Danube, and to give to the same a direct entrance into the capital; ithbas moreover the right to effect the june- tron byestablishingalinetothatpurpose of thetwolines of Bohemis. and Hungary, and thus to form a continuous railway. crossing the rhele monarey from one frontier to the other, in a full and unsnterrxuptedlength of 1.200 kilometers, without, as is aow thecae,-takimr the course of the Northern line. After having exposed the maiterial situation of the Company, theItejort makeisknown the financia masureszwhich have been tken b them orwhih tey avesubitte tothesantio oftheGenera)t Thequetio oftherihtsof he ounersha been settled most favuraly or he omanys iterstsbythe creation of anuuaber The Company thus realizs a sumn of 22.200,000!., at more favourable conditions than mnighthavebeen obtained by Issuing bonds, sinoo the interest is at 5 per cent, and the refunding takes place without any premium, hut, above all, it recovers an independence most useful fon ts future development. As may be imagined, alt extension of the enterprise wouldl have benefitted the founders,whovwouldbhave reaped the protits occasioned bythe employment of a mnore considerble capital, and who -would have been called in to enjoy, in caue of a fusion, the advantages con[raeled with the combinied enterlrises. This last onusideratcion has beenthestartangpoint of the propositionsubmittedtothe assembly,i anidadopt-ed by italmost uanimously, The part of the Report which refers to the results ot the workisg of the line is subjoined: "At the beginning of the year 1S55the Company had found in activity on the Northernline alengthof480O65kilometer.s; on the SouthEastern lie. 444 99 kfloxhcters; on the railway fromVieona to Brick and Rtaab, 41 72lkilometers; inuall alength of 967 36 kilometers. " Onthe.24thof December, lIM, was openedthe stationfrom Brick to Raab i of thelatterliiueit comprres alemgth of 2775 kilometers The following sums in france chow the results of the working ofihe lines an allowance being made for the expenses of the oentral administration in proportion to the dilferent lengths:- Northern South-Eastern Line of Toehr Received i francc..L-ine. lAne. pI egeher 33ceivd i frnce14,292,945 16,1823.759 514,805 30.991,50 Spent in ditto .. ,180476 8,885,510 421,682 16,494,688 Remain. ..7,106.469 7,297.2229 513.123 14,49G,821 "If one calculate, aocerdingto the above fgures, the given lengths of the line in kilometers, one wind- Norher South-Eastern Lin of Received per kit, in Lu. 2n- Iab Sfranca .. 5.9,355 36,368 12,556 39047 Spent in ditto .. 14,2l0 19,930 10,205 17,059 Comp. EXPAto ec.. 50.2sop.c. 54910 p.ec. 83,750 p~c. 5i,SOp.c. "The average proportion of about 53 per cent, between the expenass and the receipts must be considered as satisfactory for a period of transition, before any improvement have taken Place, under the unfavourable circumstance of a stock requiring considerable repairs an' d the dead weight of which is great. RECPITL&TON 1? HE EVENUES. As he iffren prducs ae rsumd, herevenues, all expenses by the Government .. .. .. ~~. 14,403,697 Totalsum.1,4, "The different previous deductiong being eff'ected according to the statutes, the sum which ,rsa3d bass been distribmiit o Sd , holders an dividends would have amounted to 10,783,t7lft. thus Thecomcilof dmiisraton aspopoedto the Assembly, whiah hav aceptdth sae. o crryto he undof reserve. notwith- sThnin thenea sebhsfxduo 2Z per cent, of the suecednthntprduc e.xa ceeding the net produce, as the allowance mdae by the statutes to the manages,incluin ' presence fees. " as also confirmed the pro-isional nomination of twomanagersGenermlRousseaud`'Happonmonrt,in,besteadof Baron Wallterdekivs, w'hobhasresigned, and arn Simnou Stung, in the steAd of Baron ueorarc Sina, his father, cne of the principal founders of the Company, -ho, by his imPortant financial position, was naturally enutlted to the presidency Of the Board.' The last Paft of the Report is intended to make known to the share. holders the participation which has heen reserved for them in a,new conce.sson, and is reproduced at fuil length. "We. theDlirestors, havenowcompletedouirtask;1ut, before ending, ,we are bound to inform Yon of the undertaking of a new Operation, ira whih, hrughoursoiciatins th shreolders of the Austrian "Larg omphatIdes. on icont ofde thegirucs,hve aotW vAemexentisinaura crdit byre hich they bprecome eminentlyfitted ofo nhe undertakings I tl af thwesrwveys evealone acknolowledges, tdwline ofVenable the fasband New Tzoeny, would have been directed through StUbliveisenbourg and Mrohalis, towards Eeel,-, and thenwe have attained the Turkish frontier at Semlin Belgrade. that is to say, at a pein; wbere 0001~O the PrinciPal arteries of Tzurkeynmustend. 'This line wouldhavcecrossoda very rich country oathserightborder of the Danube; it would havebeen conisectedwith the coal country of Filnf1irehear, and would have passed aLt one of the most ieutn navi"natings"pots of theDanube anduits a39nuents " ut thu. lie wan at the time the object of the solicitat ion of a company of1lunwarlanimagnates. Different surveys were beirng ade by othr cessame ontherigt brde ofth Danube, aa far as the SouternRailay.It as ben houht pope tounite all these We hve easn tohop tht thn oeraionwill be considered worty o theImprialsantion an thtitwill sacn coma to a, The railwas net we -a-re siealin.g of serves tbesvhole country includled between the Darnube on the east, the Southern Railway on the. west and the Drave ona the south. Vienna is at one of its exraeuties ana Semhlin Begrade at the other,CS "The country to be crossed by this line, and for which tle new ComPany would be snecially privileged, is one of the nichest of the whole monarchy; considerable nuclei of population are to be met with, and the new Company have formed a demand bor special grants conniected with the iminerul riches contained in. the country and the vash tracks of land to be drainedl. "Two branches of the net would serve to johu Trieste wiith Eastern and Western Hungary. "WIe thus believe that this new operation has the meoet favourable chance of succeeding. "u.We have given our assent to it rather than sue alone I or the above mconticor.ed grant, and we believe we have acted in the beet possilble manner for the interests of the C-ompany by making sure, in the new enterPrise. Of the continuation of ouir lines end the Participation of our shaLrehiolders The said Participation aMounts to 40.00'J,CWa. which sum wil allow each shareholder to subscribe for a share of five share of teAutria Copan as oonas te nw udertaking will have Suc or te rsuts f ur irs yar' aminstatin.We hopeo the genra asebl wllfid he stifatoy,but tekanowieagewe hav acuied f ur iferet psssoios ina reaermeaur than, Suchi is the opinion of the public at large., and, altough ciertain advantages may have beten exaggerated, for instance, those we mAy now deriv'e from Our mines and cesates, we feel and e:xpress our fuill confdunc in the fuiture welfare of cur enterprise. Our succes is not only a benefit to our sharehoiders; it has, moreove, gea iflene n oraringal idutralopraios ncos
ARRIVAL OF TROOPS FRO.U ITI3 CIu3M& IN CAU-MDA. -The mammoth man-of-war steamshin Mimalaya, Comnmnander B. P. Pxiest, arrived in our heautiful harbour yesterday at 8 3l0 am., after an unparalleled run of 16 days from Malta, and 11W days from the Old Rock, having on board those gallant g'iments, the 62d and 63d, comprising about 1,400 men. The former regiment greatly distinguished itself in the hard fought battles of India, but h*d niot the good fortune to be present at Alma or Inkermann, having arrived in the Crimea in 18555, in the siege duties of which year it took a glorious part, up to the termination of hostilities, and lost in kdlled andwounded not a few officers and men. The gallant 63d served the whole of the Eastern campaign, including the battles of theAlma and Inkermann, the siege, the assaults on the 18th of June and the 8th of Sept., 1855, the expedition to Kertcb, and the bombardment and capture of KInburn. At Inkerimann, in a glorious charge in line with the 21st North British Fasileers;, they sAffered severely, having bad about 15 officers killed and wounded, nearly the same number of rergeants, and upwards of 100 men, while during the siege numbers of all ranks were placed .7ros de c4*1bat. In two or three hours after the Himalaya anchored the 76th Foot marched out of the South Barracks, and took up their nuarters in cam p at Point Pleasant. At 4 o'clock pnm. the unew comers landed at the dockyard, and, headed by the fine band of the 76th, playing the soldiers' tune, "Annie laurie," marched through the city. These bravefellows were escorted from the dockyard by several thousands of citizens, who gave them a right royal weloome, cheering, con amore, the whole way. The band of the 63d tried to play " Cheer, boys, cheer," ubut, like every other, corps coming off actual war service, the music was sadly out of tune, and, sooth to say, the cornopean pyer had it all his own way. The drnns, however, 'were more effective. The 62d have taken up their quarters in the Citadel -the 63d in the South Barrac1-. Medals and clasps, to the number of two, three, and even four, were visible on the breasts of those Crimean heroes, who, for the most part, are sturdy, healthy, athletic men, whose beards are certainly on the war estab luent,while a roughness of exterior tells unmistal;eably of the camp. *o unprejudiced person could look upon their serried ranks as they marched into uawrters without failing'to-see that it would hate been ediffcult to find more dangerous characters in a fair stand-up£ght in the heig hts before SebastopoL-Hatifas )for!nsg Chronicle, June3.
MO2"-MfARKETand CITY INTELLIGEN C. Thursday Evening. The English funds opened steadily this morning at the improved quotations of yesterday, but subsequently became rather less firm. Consols were first quoted 944 to i ex. dividend, vhence they declinedc until foramoment thereweresellers at 4. The final price, however, was 94i to i, and the general tone of the maFrket was good. The slight reaction in the morning appears to have been attributable to little else than dull weather and an absence of business, the transactions of the day ha-ing been altogether limited. Consol Scrip left off at 3 to I piemium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94 toe; NeIw Three per Cents., 95; and Annuities, 30 years, 17 9. Owing to the expectations of increasing ease in the money-market the unfunded securities are in inproved demand. India-bonds were well maintained at 10s. to 14s. premium; and Exchequer-bills have advanced to Os. to 12s. premium. Exchequerbonds likewise showr an improvement, the last quotation being 999 to . - Money still finds ready employment in the StockExchange, but in the discount-market it is obtainable at a fraction below the Bank terms, and there are consequently few applications at that establishment. Foreign securities exhibited firmness. Large operations have again taken place in Turkish, and the Six per Cents. were rather higher. The purchases for the account were at 101.z, i, 1021, 102, and 102{t. In the Four -er Cents. Guaranteed the bargains were at 104 for money, and 104R, 105, and 1044 for the account. Brazilian New Five per Cents., 101 ; Buenos Ayres, for account, 78ll; Mexican, for account, 22k, 23k, and 22>-; Russian Five per Cents., for account, 108 and 108X; the Four-an2-a-Half per Cents., 98O and i; SardinianFive per Cents., for the account, 91i; Spanish Three per Cents., 47; Spanish MNew Deferred, for account, 25g and -; the Certificates, 6's; Venezuela, for accoint, 30; and Dutch Twoand a-Half per Cents., 66. The dosing quotations from the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive, but transactions took place shortly after the opening at 71f. 15c., showing a fractional decline. At Amsterdam the markets remain iinactive, and at Vienna they manifest a tendency to heaviness. The French rate of exchange has been less favourable during the last day or two, in consequence of the demand for money, -which is very active for commercial purposes, although the extreme pressure on the Bourse has been in some degree mitigated. At Hamburg the discount-market is still very inadequately supplied, and the charge continues at 7 per cent. The Mledway and the MIorning Star have arrived from Port Phillip, with S3,336oz. of gold and 110,000 sovereigns, valued at 443,3441. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ava amount to 190,2341., of which 10,0001. is gold for Alexandria, and JS0,2341. silver for Bombay, WMadras, and Calcutta. The commercial advices from New York to-day report little change in the money or stock markets. Quotations generally -were steady, but it was not expected that any considerable movement would be witnessed until the arrival of intelligence as to the course to be adopted by the English Giovernnient on the dismissal of M31r. Crampton. The anticipations respecting it were greatly divided, and it consequently exercised considerable influence in checking any disposition to buoyancy; but every one felt convinced that if Lord Palmrerston should decide in fhvour of DiIr. Dallas being' allowed to remain, a great and permanent rise would be wvitnessed in all descriptions of securities. According to some accounts the existing uncertainty on the subject constitutedl the sole reliance of the speculators for lower prices, but it is evident that the civil war in Kansas between the pro-slavery and the free soil settlers on that territory constitutes, together wvith the incidental outrages that arise out of it in Congress, the question that reallyabsorbs the interest of the entire population of the Union. WNTith respect to the nonination of the Democratic candidate for the presidency, the opinion of the commercial commiunity appears to be that it is safer for the choice to have fallen upon MIr. Bu11Ium,- thin upon either Mr. Pierce, MIr. Douglas, or MIr. Cass; although no great reliance is placed on the friendly sentiments of any representative of the party towards England or France. As far as could be judged, the success of Mr. Buchanan was considered likely; but in the present state of the coumtry the political probabilities of the interval up to November, when the election takes place, are too vague to allow of any strong calculaTion. The candidate on the opposite side remains yet to boe selected, and it is supposed the choice will lie betwveen ex-President Filmore and Colonel Fremont. The amount of gold by this steamer is only 32,(001., but the Africa on Monday next wvill bring a largersum. The disbursements of specie from the vaults of the Federal Treasury in liquidation of the Texas indemnity had commenced, and the total which would thus be set free would be 1,500,0001. The imports of European manufactulres continued on a large scale. For the month of Mlay they amounted to 3,245,0001., against 2,200,0001. in the corresponding period of last year, -while for the 11 months of the United States' fiscal year, which closes at Midsummer, the total had been :36,050,0001., against 28,500,000!. in the corresponding months of the precedling year. They 'were not, however, greatly in excess of the prosperous year of 1854. Erie Railway was quoted 5 7i-; Reading, 91; Panama, 100Q-; and Illinois Central Bonds, 874-. The lands lately granted by Congress to individual States in aid of the construction of railways are estimated at an aggregate of 25,000,000 of acres. Of these 4,000,ouO were to Iowa, 2,000,000 WNisconsin, 2,500,000 Mlinnesota, 4,000,000 Alabama, 1,500,000 Louisiana, 1,500,000 Florida, 4,000,000 Arkansas, and 2,000,000 Mlichigan. The last three States are among those who are branded with repudiation. There was nothing later from California, Nicar.agua, or Mexico. From Hayti accounts had been received of the outburst of the revolutionary mo,vement at Aux Cayes against the Emperor Soulouque, but they furnish no means of judging as to its probable termination. The adjudication on the tenders lately sent in for an Australian mail service is expected to be announced in a day or hvo. It is understood that a company has sent in an offier for an independent line from Southampton xid Suez and Point de Galle. The annexed relates to the arrangement just concluded in Montevideo for securing the re-imbursement of the advances macle in 1845 by British subjecs to the Government of that.State - " June 1S. "Sir,-It may be interesting to you to know that the arrangent made by Mr. Thornton, HerMajesty's Charg6 d'Affaires at Montevideo, with the Government of that country for the liguidation of the debt due to British subJects and others on account of a loan they made in 1845, under the diplomatic guarantee of Sir WVilliam Gore Ouselcy, enbehalf of our Government, as mentioned by your ontevdiea= correspondent in T7c TZones of the 22d of Mlay and the 14thl inst., has been agreed to byythe shareholders in England. It only remains for Lord Clarendon, to whose persevermgpersistence we are much indebted, to furnish Mr. Thornton with ample instructions to, if necessary, en,force the mairtenance of the arrangement, and it is not likely to be disturbed. The judicious observations -with which you have accompanied your correspondent's communications have our most sincere thanks, although you have only been doing what is an everyday occurrence wi.h youadvocating the cause of jus ice. "A SHitREHRODEt IN THE MONTEVIDEAN GUARANTEED LOAIN.,
RAILWAY AND MIYING SHARES Thursday Evening. Business was active in the railway-market, and in some cases there was a tendency to further improvement. The highest quotations were, however, not altogether maintained at the close. French and Belgian exhibited heaviness, but East Indian continue to be supported. In Australian land and banking shares the operations were limited. Canada Iwere nominally quoted 133 to 135. Miscellaneous shares attracted little attention, but prices exhibited j firmness. GttomanBank-leftoffl to2pm.; Bank I of Egypt, I to -' pm.; Riga Railway, 22 to g pm.i,. Pernambuco Railway, 1i to i pm.; National Discount Company, t to 3 pm.; Eulphrates Valley Railwvay, @ to i pm.; Bank of Switzerland, k dis. to t pm.; Lombardo Venetian 5 to ' pm.; London and Paris, 4 to 3 dis.; and Western of London, par tol1pm. f)T,A C-AR A giq
TRADE REPOBT. Thursday Evening. SIJGAR.-The public sales to-day comprised 793 hhds., 100 tierces, and 275 barrels l'orto Rico, and 30 chests, 100 bags Bahia. Nesrly the whole sold,-the Porto Rico at 42s. to 45s. for low to middling soft gray, and 45s. 6d. to 47s. 6d. for middling to good bright yellow; the Bahia at 44s. for soft white, and 41s. to 42s. for brown. Owing to the small show, only 547 hhds. WSest India have been disposed of. The market remains very firm, and privately a cargo of Havannak has been sold at 31s. per cwt., lNo. 12, for this port regular floating terms,aswell as one of 5,000 bags brown Pernambuco, insured free of particular average, at 27s. 6d. per cwt., landed. On the spot, about 1,500 bags Mauritius and 500 bags grainy Madras at 48s. COFFEE.-There was a good competition for the colonry sorts, and the greater portion of 350 casks and 716 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon were disposed of at very full prices; middling to fine blue, 65s. to 76s. 6d.; and bne fine ordinary grayish to low middling coloury, 59s. to 63s. 6d. per cwt. RIC1.-Of 4,557 bags Bengal, 3,050 bags yellow rice were withdrawn; the small quantity sold was broken at 9s. 9d. ypr cwt.; good pearly Bengal was taken in at 13s. 9d. per cwt. Privately 250 tons Ballam are reported at 9s. per cwt., landed, and about 10,000 bags on the spot, chiefly old white and of the new crop, at full rates. SALTrETRE firm, and rather more inquiry. COCNE'E,.-Of 82 bags Teneriffe in auction, ordinary to good silver sold 3s. 10d. to 3s. lid.; black, 4s. to 4s. 3d.; 35 bags Mexican were chiefly bought in at 3s. Gd. to 3s. 10d. for low to good silver; and black, 3s. 10d. to 4s. 7d. per lb. TA,LLOW.-There is a much firmer market to-day ; 46s. is paid on the spot, and at the close of business 47s. was paid or the last three months.
THE AhRuqIss OF DALhousI A.N)D IS L'Dq N AD3nins;TvArnoN.-The following is the resolution (by ballot) of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, passed on Friday, the 25th of April, relative to the ad. ministration in India of the Marquis of Dalhousie, whose interesting " Minute" has recently been reviewed in our columns at some length. The Directors resolved as follows:-" That on a review of the administration of the affairs of India by the Marquis of Dalhousie, MT., during the eight years of his Lordship's tenure of the office of Governor-General, this Court desire to record their deep sense of the great ability, of the extraordinary zeal, and untiring energy displayed by that distinguished nobleman in all departments of the Indian Government. That the Court desire more particularly to acknowledge the eminent merits of that Statesman, as manifested in the conduct of the war which was forced upon the British authorities by the unprovokedoutbreak ofthe Sikh Sirdars, andtheirmilitaryfolowers in the Punjab. In the system of administration framed by him for the territories acquired at the conclusion of that war, a system grounded on the most enlightened principles, incorporating the best and most recent improvements in Indian administration, and which has already produced the most striking results in the increased prosperity of those territories. In superintending and directing the measures taken during and consequent on the war with Burmah. In the arrangemants made by him for the good government of the territories of Nagpore, after their lapse to the British Government. In placing the Government of Oude upon a basis calculated to insure peace and prosperity to the inhabitants of that important territory, in which for so long a period anarchy and insecurity of life and property prevailed. In his measures for tbe developement of the resources of Indiabythe encouragement of railways, the construction of useful public works, the introduction of the electric telegraph, the irmprovement of the post-office system, and for the moral and intellectual advancement of the natives of India by extended means of education. That as a special mark of the sense entertained by the East India Company of the eminent services thus rendered by the Marquis of Dalhousie, an annuity of 5,OOOf., commencing from the day when he resigned the office of Governor-General, be granted to his lordship, subject to the sanction of the General Court of Proprietors, and the approbation and confirmation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs India." At a General Court of the East India Company held on the 14th of May, it was resolved,-"That thic Court spprove the resolution of the Court of Directors of the 25th nlt., granting to the Marquis of Dalhousie, IMT., late Governor-General of India, an annuity of 5,000!. upon thegrounds therein stated, subject to the confirmation of another General Court." On the 21st of the same month another General Court conflrmed the resolution of the preceding week, and it has sirce been approved by the BoarJ of Control.
PARLIAM-ENTA1Y IrTELLIGENCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, THBDAY, JIE 19. D The LoP. CsqCELnLOR took his sat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock.- Lord COLVILLE, in the absence of the Mtarquis of DOWNsHSRE, presented a petition from the mayor, - aldermen, and burgesses of Reading, in favour of a bill to enable tenants in tai to sell property. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH presented a petitioh from the inhabitants of Glocester and its vicinity, praying their lordships to take the opportumty afforded by the apre sent vacancy in the see of Glocester and Bristol to dissolve the union between those dioceses. The noble earl ex pressed his belief that the whole district comprised in the united dioceses, containing a population of 500,000, wa4 unanimously in favour of the prayer of the petition. - i Lord CAMPBELL desired to state that he had received a great number of petitions against the abolition of church7 rates without an adequate equivalent, but, as the 'whole of them referred to a bill-now pending in the other hbusek it would be contrary to the rules of their lordships' House to present them until that measure came up from the Comr mons. At the same time he might state that he cordially concurred in the prayer of the petitions ;and if the bill for the abolition of church-rates should come before their lordships-he hoped it would not-he would give ithisniost strenuous opposition. . . j The Earl of ST. GERMANS presented a petition 'from Saltash, Cornwall, against the Oath of Abjuration Bill. - OATH OF ABJURATION. The Earl of DERBY laid on the table and moved the first eading of a bill to amend the oLth of abjuration, by striking out all the words which referred to the descendants of James IL He would not ask their lordships to proceed further with the bill until the result was known of the debate, which had been fixed for Monday next, on ths abolition bill brought up from the other house. If their lordships should resolve to adopt the latter he would: of course withdraw his bill; if not, he would ask them to give it a second reading on an early day. Lord CAMPBELL asked the noble earlwhether he intended to continue the words "upon the true faith of a Christian?' The Earl of DERBY replied that his bil was confined to the object he had stated-viz., the amendment of the oath of abjuration by striking out the words referring to the Stuarts. ; Lord CAMPBELL suggested to the noble earl that he might effect his object, which was a very laudable one, by. means of the bill from the other house. The Earl of DERBY thanked the noble and learned lord for his suggestion, but he did nob think it would be either prudent or politic to adopt it. (A laugh.) The bill was then read a first time. FACTORIES BILL The Earl of DERBY said that, in asking their lordships to give a second reading to this bil, which had already passed the House of Commons, and which had there received the sarction of Her Majesty's Government, the more important clauses having, he believed, been framed under the direction of the Home Secretary, it would not be necessary for him to occupy much of their lordships' time while he explainad the main principles of the measure. The main object of the bill was to releve the manufacturers from the consequences which would result from a constraction recently put upon the Factory Amendment Act of 1844-a construction which, carried to its full extent, would in some casef render the operation of the bill absolutely impracticable, and in otherswould involve an amount af expenditure, inconvenience, and annoyance for which no corresponding advantage could be derived. The bill proposed to give effectto what he believed were the original intentions of the act of lS44,andtoplacemachineryandsmiU gearing, whichwere now dealt with separately under that act, precisely under the same conditions. He would remind their lordships that the original act of 1833 and the amendment act of 1844 were intended for the protection of children and yonng persons in factories. The were roteoted against over-work, overhours, against beig taken in unLder a proper age, and against the various hardships to which they were exposed. After the act of 1833 came into operation, the factory inspectors continued to report upon the danger which these children ran owing to portions of the machinery not being properly fenced. Many of the manufacturers had of their own accord boxed off the upright shafts and al those portions of the machinery likely to endanger children .nd young persons, and by the act of 1S44 that was made compulsory. There was another provision in the nct to this effect-that if the factory inspectors considered any portion of the machinery to be dangerous to the workmen they should have an opportunity of giving notice to the mill-owner, and the mill-owner, if he thought the requirement of the inspector was unjust, had the option of calling for an arbitration to decide whether or not the inspector's notice should be cancelled. In order to show that the manufacturers did not wish to make this provision a means of escape from the operntion of the bill, he might mention that arbitration had only been resorted to in 17 instances, and in 14 out of those 17 cases a decision had been given against the manufacturer. Now, the same clause which required the fencing of all portions of the machinery with which young persons were likely to come into contact provided that al the mil gearing should be fenced, and mill gearing was, in point of fact, interpreted in the act to mean all the motive power-that vas to say, every shaft, every drum and pulley appertaining to the process of manufacture. It was clearly the intention of the framers of the act that the same principle should be applied to mill gearin, as was applied to machinery-namely, that that with which the operatives came immediately into contact should be absolutely fenced, but that in cases where there was any doubt about the danger manufacturers were to have the power of calling in arbitrators. By the terms of the act, however, it was provided that all mill gearing should be absolutely fenced. So far was this from being the construction put on he act by the manufacturers and inspectors that, in a ase which was carried into one of the law courts, Mr. cJustice Cresswell ruled that where a horizontal shaft, being part of the mill gearing, was at the height of nine or 10 feet from the ground, the very position of that shaft gave it the secure fencing required by the act. The Court of Queen's Bench, however, decided that that was, in point of fact, repealing the act of Parliament, and that, according to the act, it was necessary for all the mill gearing, whether in a dangerous position or not, to be securely fenced. In some cases such fencing was admitted by the factory inspectors to be impossible, and he might mention that there were cases in which the horizontal shafts extended for eight or nine miles, and at a height of nine or 10 feet from the ground-a height which precluded the possibility of danger except from straps. Under such circumstances, he would ask their lordships whether it was reasonable to enforce such an enormous expenditure as would be rendered necessary by the boxing-off of that machinery. But the manufacturers did not ask Parliament to exempt this mill gearing from being fenced. All they wished was, that mill gearing should be put precisely on the same footing as machinery, namely-that where its position was a dangerous one to children and young persons there its fencing should be absolutely required, but that in other cases the arbitration applicable to machinery should be applicable to mill gearing. That was, in point of fact, the whole object of the bill so far as the protection of the manufacturer was concerned. But there was an omission in the act of 1844 which this bil was meant to sauply. It was remarkable that, though that act required all miU gearing to be securely fenced, there was no specific penalty for the neglect of this precaution. There was a penalty of from 51. to 201. for neglect to enclose dangerous machinery, and there was also a penalty for neglect to enclose that portion to which the attention of the manufacturer had been specially;directed by the factory inspector, in the event of an arbitration going against the millowner, but this was only after some accident had arisen from that neglect. The only clause which applied a penalty to the non-fencing of the mill gearing was a subsequent clause, by which it was enacted that, in the case of any offence left unprovided for in the former portion of the act, a penalty of not less than 21. and not more than 5!. was to be inflicted. Practically, therefore, the penalty attaching to the most important offence was the east in amount, and this penalty was only inflicted incidentally. The present bill was intended to supply that omission. He had already stated that, unless some accident occurred from the neglect of the manufacturer to comply with the recommendations of the inspector after an arbitration had gone againsthim, no specific penalty was provided. By this lilit would be enacted that if, within a reasonable tinie after the arbitration had goneagainst the manufacturer he failed to comply with the requirements of the inspector, no matter whether an accident had occurred or not, he should be liable to the same penalty as if an accident really had resulted from his neglect. These were the provisions proposed. The bill in no way infringed upon the protection at present afforded to the operatives; on the contrary, it practically rendered that protection more efficient than before; but it released the manufacturer from a construction of the act which the inspectors themselves admitted it would be impossible in all cases to act up to. He trusted that,.after the explanations he had given, their lordships would not hesitate to give the bill a second reading. (Hear, hear.) Lord CAMPBELL said, the measure met with his entire approbation. The language in the act of 184, whiclh the Court of Queen's Bench was called upon to interpret, as alluded to by the noble lord, appeared to them so plain that they could entertain no doubt about it. The Court decided upon the meaning of the Legislature as contained in the act, although he did not betieve that was the meaning -f the framers of the act. The Earl of SHAFTESB1JRY would not oppose the second readine of the measure, but there were certain matters of detail which would require alteration in committee. The biU wsas read a secondtime. THE SARDINIANN LOAN. On the order of the day for taking into consideration the message from the Crown on the subiect of the Sardinian loan, The Earl of CLARIENDON said,-In rising, my lords, to ask your lordshipstoagree toa humbleaddress to be presented to Her Majesty m reply to her gracious message,Ihaveto s'ate that the convention which was laid upon your lordships' table on Monday last had for its object to fulnl, not perhaps tho letter, but certainly the ,'t of the treaty concluded between Great intM and Sardinia in 1855. With regard to that treaty, there was an accident for which the Sardinian Government was in no way responsible in the exchange of ratifica- tions, and consequently it was found impossible to brin in a billto give effect to it before the Easter of last year. A-bill was brought in after Easter, to which Her Majesty's assent was given on the 26th of ApriL The terms of that convention were, that within 12 months of the first instalment 1.000,000l. should be paid to Sardinia, and, in the event of the war continuing, that a like sum should be paid in the succeeding year. The first instalment of thatloanwas applied foronthe 26th of April, and was paid on the 3d of May. The treaty of peace wit Russia wassigned onthe27thof prilthat is, a year and a day after the Royal assent was given to, that bill, anda year and a day after the frst instalmentwas applied for by the SardinianGoverament. Af, therefore, that instament had been paid on the dayupon which it -as appliedforthe honour and good faith of the oountry would nav been-plgedgedby theletter-of thetreaty top the second stinf 1,000,000. W a. aiyattur of &coure, Yout lordships-are wellaware that the1loeh was advared to Sari -dinia for-the-sole-and-exclusive purpose of carsing on the war in which we ,were -then -engaged,- and -your- lordahips also dow well- -how -'gret &and noble 'were the e:;eztions inade bythat country.- (Heir, hear-}) Sardini -h&d also-made-the-necessary arrangeinents--and_- hid- iin curred the expense of 'preparation for another campaimi in the event of the continnance of the war. It vas only ts other day, in Paris, that Count:Cavo-r, being desirous that ould be no dise or concealment about- the mat'ser, but that full .inlormation should be afforded to Her Majesty'ss Government-with regard to the application of this-money, placed ininy hands an official statement of the expense ich )sad been incurred by'Sardinil,'ad which amountedto 7,0 00,0000-thatisto say, toi,000,0 ODO more than this country will have advanced. Ithink; tEYere; fore, that Ineed say no more in order to induce~ your lordships to ratify the apirit of the contract: which -we-entered into with an ally whose foreign and domestic policyha5 recommended Itself to all classes, and bas excited universai sympathy and admiration. (Loud-cheers.) The noble earl concluded by moving an address to the Crown which was an echo of Her Majests gracious message. The Earl of DERBY.-I rise, my lords, to express my entire concurrence in the address moved by the noble earL If it be the case-and it appears that it is the cise-that according to the letter of the engagement into which we have entered with Sardinia, we might escape the payment of this money, still I think- that, under the circuastances of the case, it is perfectly clear that by the spirit of that engagement the honour and good faith of the country are pledged to this advance. I quite concur with the noble earl in thinling that if there is one country in the world with which we are bound more than with another observe the most scrupulous good faith, it is a countr which, at some risk to herself, came forward in the nobl! msaner in which Sardinia did to take part in the struggle int which we have been engaged (cheers), and which, having thus come forward, behaved with the utmost loyalty and good faith and rendered most valuable service. (Cheers') I must also say that, although such considerations ought not to actuate us in our foreign policy, it is impossiblenot to feel the deepest interest in the prosperity and wellbeing of Sardinia. (Hear, hear.) Situated in a position of great difficulty, she has known how to introduce a system of government hitherto unmknown in Italy, and has establiahe'd and sustained a representative system and a modified constitutional government which stand out in bright and striking contrast with the despotism which prevails in some parts of Italy, and with the anarchy and revolutionary spirit in others. (Hear, hear.) I should regret much to see added to the embarrassment of Sardinia a pecuniary embarrassment caused by the failure on the part of this country to discharge to the uttermost, and in the mnost extended spirit, any obligation into whichwehaveentered. (Loud cheers.) The address was then agreed to. POLICE (COUTIES AND BOROUGHS) BIEL. Their lordships then went into committee on this biJL On clause 1, The Earl of llLLEN'BOROUGH said, he trusted thatthe effect of the measure would be to establish a permanent and uniform system of police throughout the country. For many years he had impressed upon the Government the necessity of such a measure, and he had urged it more especially at the commencement of the late war; because he was confident that the establishment of a police of the description contemplated by the bill and that of a militia force were two measures which ought to be considered together, and which, so considered, would afford the best source for the recruitment of the army. Lord PANHURE expressed his general concurrence in the observations which had fallen from the noble earl, especially with reference to the importance of establishing a uniform system of police throughout the country. LordDlUN,GANNONtrusted, if advantagewere not taken of this bill by the counties generally, that a compulsory measure would be introduced on the subject. Lord CAMPBELL said that the measure was compulsory, and that the counties must and should obey the law. (Cheers) The clause was agreed to, as were also clauses np to 12. Upon clause 13, The Earl of ELLEN'BOROUGH drew attention to the wording of the clause. Inspectors were " to inquire into the state of efficiency of the police," while in the succeeding clause those inspectors were directed to report whether " the police had been maintained in a state of efficiency in point of numbers and discipline." Lord PANT4URE justified the wording of the clause, the object of which was different from that of the 14th clause, which describedl under what circumstances grants on account of the borough and county police should be made from the pablic fimds, and those grants were not to be be made unless the Home Secretary was satisfied that the numbers of police maintained were sufficient for the requirements of the district. After a few words from Earl FoRTEs9CUE and the Earl of DERBY, the clause was amended by the addition of the words " numbers and discipline," and was then agreed to. On clause 14, The Earl of ELLEN2BOROUGH said, they had been told by a noblo and learned lord that this bill was compulsory, but he should like to know in what manner counties could be compelled to carry it out. This clause did not appear to him to be compulsory, but held out an inducement. Did they expect that any county would incur a great expnse merely on account of the inducement here eld out of one-fourth being paid from another source ? Lord CAMPBELL, in reply to the noble earl had onlyto say that if the justices neglected to do a certain act which they were commanded to do by Farliament, and if the noble earl would apply to the Court of Queen's Bench on the subject, the court would grant a rnendaisus, and if they disobeyed that, then it would send them al to Glocester gaol. (A laugh.) The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH.-You could compel them to form a police, but you could not compel them even by this bribe of one-fourth to make an efficient police. (Hear.) The clausewas then agreed to, as were the remaining clauses, and the bill was ordered to be reported to the House. SHELBlURNE HOSPITAL BILL. The LORD CHANCELLOR moved that this bill be referred to a select committee. The Bishop of OXFORD said that, as this was the first instance in which a religious hospital had been dealt with under the provisions of the new act, he thought it was most desirablethat the principles upon which Parlhament intended to proceed should be clearly ascertained, and he concurred in the motion. The LORD CHALNCELLOR observed that the commissioners considered there was no class of sufferers who were more deserving objects of charity than persons labouring under what were called incurable chronic diseases, who were not admissible into the London hospitals, and they thought such an application of the funds of this charity as they proposed would be perfectly legitimate. The subject would, however, be fully discussed in the select committee. The motion for referring the bill to a select committee was then agreed to. The Elndowed School at Moulton Bill, the 31agdalen Hospital (Bath) Bill, and the Stoke Poges Hospital Bill went through committee. On the motion of Lord AsH-BuRrON, the Industrial and Provident Societies Bill was read a second time. On the order of the day for the report of the amiendments to the Reformatory and Industrial Schools Bill, The Bishop of OXFORD moved the insertion of words in the 5th clause which would enable magistrates to send juvenile offenders to reformatories without previously committingthem to prison for 15 days, Lord RAVENSWORTH suggested that an amendsnent of so much importance should not be proposed without notice; and The Bishop of OXFORD withdrew the amendment, intimating that he would propose it on thethirdreading of the bill. The Excise Bill and the Insurance of Lives (Abatement of Income-tax) Continuance Bil went through committee. SIR W. FENWICK WILLEAXS'S A2INTIITY BILIL- DEATH OF CAPTAIN THOMPSON. On the order of the day for the third reading of this bill, The Earl of MAL SB1JRY said, -My lords, I wish to say a few -words on a subject that will not, I am sure, be regarded as wholly alien to the bill which is about to be passed with unanimity in this house and satisfaction to the coiuntry. I desire to draw your lordships' attention to a lamentable event which has occurred within the last Weekl I allude to the death of one of the three gallant British officers who assisted General Williams in the ever memorable defence of Ears-namely, MaJor Teesdale, Colonel Lake, and Captain Thompson. (Hear, hear.) The last of these brave offlcers, Captain Thompson, after distinguishing himself in India, where he served for 10 years, and was vounded in the Burmese war, repaired to Asia Minor, and, as -we all know, afforded most material aid in the defence of Ears, and especially in the great victory of the 29th of September. He retmuned with Colonel Lake to this country about a week ago, expecting, doubtless, to reap all those honours which Parliament is always ready to bestow, and to be received in the bosom of his family with the proud satisfaction which his fame could not fail to awalken. It did not, however, please the Almighty thathe shc.uld be thus rewarded, for within four days ot nis arrival in London he died in his mother's arms. My lords, I think I never heard of a more afflicting misfortune than that which hasbefallen Ms. Thompson. I believe that if that bereaved lady could have had her choice, she would have preferred to hear that her brave son had fallen on the field of battle rather than that he should have expired, as he has done, at themoment when her maternal pride and happinets wereabout to be consummated by his return to his native land. But, my lords, it is not to ask you to deplore the loss of this lamented officer that I have risen to address'you. Indeed, I am not sure that an early and even a premature death need excite deep regret for the sake of the deceased himself when such an event has closed a life of honour; but I have learnt with great concern that his mother is not possessed of a fortune that can secure for her those comforts -which all must' desire that she should enjoy; and if your lordships wil1 excuse my reading a letter which I have received from an intimate frend of the family, it will explain in a few words the matter which-I Wii to r1ng under *ouir soQeThis gentlemawites to ne'M Sf011 I -: ' -J -V_! i "lfeel convincet, lInowing the itraitened -circi'uai of his widowed mothar, tbatat-let.01one qrteruof hLa,n-' nual income-il- bewillowednup in meeting.the6c1hxge -a;ttendant-upon theollnew,LanerfaLnof alamne andIcanassure your lordshipthat solfixed_is herincoi'e, and so partitioned out to meet the Yealy erpenseesof a 11rge -family,-that it is with the utmost diiclc that f nds5 be provided toienablelefr t&go tothe' seaside, iminmsatyafter her son's 'funeral (whihtaha4- place to-morrowipon, the phy-ai-an's recommendation, who says he will nobt answer for-her life,so plunged--grief is she, if she doee not get change of air and scene.'- (Eaear, hear.) My lords, I am not authorized to app tothis House or to the Governmentfor anything like charitable assistance forMrs. Thompson-I do 3iot evenkcowt wlether ornot such a thing would be acceptable to her o: her family; but I could not refrain froin taling this oppor6jnity to apprize the Government of the circrumstan which this unfortunate lady is pkuced (Hear, hear ) 2 The Marquis of LAXSDOWNME.-In the absence of a:ny-previous knowledge of the circumstamnces to which my nob}s friend has just adverted,I am not prepared on then'rtloE the Government to give any assurance on the subject7to> which he has referredL t the same time, I am exceedingly sorry that such a statement should hive ben made-to this House in terms so just and with a feeling so honourable 'as; that evinced by my noble friend without ita being possile. to give to it an immediate response; neither I, nor these with whom I have the honour to act, being aware of the position of a lady whose affliction must elicit for her the lively sympathy of every one of your lordships and of the public. (Hear, hear.) My noble frieid. has done justioe on this sad occasion to the merits of that eminent man, General Williame, who, unmerthe peculiar circumstances inw wich he was placed, hae 'ad_ the good- fortune, and the glory I may say, to found a militaryschooL (Hearhar.) His assistants and pupils have all equally distinguished themselves in their short -br brilLiant career; and they are therefore entitled'to 'the, admiration and respect of the country, as well as oe favourable consideration of the Government. (Hear, 'hear.) Further ihan this I cannot go now; and I can only nndertake that the circulmstances to which my noble friend has& directed attention shall be made known in the proere quarter. (Hear, hear.) The bill was then read a third time and passed. - The West India Loans Bill was read a second time. ISOUTH-WESTEN RAILWAy. TheEarl of MALMESB E.Ysaid,'it wasnow moreth.ana a month since he had called the attention of the President of: the Board of Trade tothe covenant entered into with Parliament by the South-Western Railway Company to douhlen their Dorchester line when the receipts attained the £giire of 195,0001. in three years. He had beenrequested bv a body of noblemen and gentlemen connected with Dorsetsahire aUd. Hampshire to present to the Board of Trade a memori' on. this subject, representing that the time had come when the company should be required to fulfil its engagement. The Board of Trade had to apply to the company to ascertain whether the statements of the memorialists were correct; and, after considerable delay, an answer was returied to that department, statinXg that the receipts had not. reached the pOint at which the covenant was to takle effect, He did not deny the accuracy of the company's accounts ;. but he had in his possession returns made by the treasurerof the company to one of the directors for the yearslSS3 and. 1854, and the difference between the figures given in those retuns and the figures fumnished for thesameperiod to the Board of Trade was no less than 2,467. in favour of the company and against the calculations of the memorialists. Unless Parliament compelled the railway companies to fulfil their engagements the publie would be entirely at the mercy of these powerfubodies. The South-Western Railwvav Company, he was. sorry to say, had broken faith with Parliament in xeard, to its promise to continue the coast line fromi D)orchester to Exeter. It 'vas now embarking in several new and costly speculations; and among others it. had a bill before -hat House for carrying a railway tfroul Yeovil to Exeter, by -which it was proposed to make. the' public travel over no less a distance than 120 miles iipon. a single line of rails-an arrangement that must be. attended with imminent danger. He wished therefore' to ask his noble friend the President of the Board. of Trade whether he could explain the principle on 'which. the company had drawn up its accounts, and why they differed from those presented to lMr. Mills, one of the directors, by the treasurer two years ago; also, what, as far ashis noble friend Inew, were the real intentions of the company v Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY said that, the Board of Trade having received a statepment from the noble earl, asking why the South-Westerallailway Companysbouldnot be required to execute the agreement bygwhich ithad bound itself, that department, without loss of time, communicated with the company, and requested it to report. whether it took any exception to the accuracy of the; representatons that had tbeen made to the Govemment. In reply to that communication, he received, after the lapse of a considerable time, a report which did not materially differ from the statement sentto him by the noble earl. There was no discrepancy in 1853 and 1854, and for 1855 noreturn was forwarded tobim byhis noble friend. Bit thecompany made deductions from the gross receipts which he thought they were fairly entitled to make. .They made a- deduction for three-quarters of a mile of rail up to the town of Southampton, the earings of wbich did not properly belong to the main line between Dorchester and Southampton. Other deductions 'were made for overcharges and returned payments. The whole amount sodeducted was not large, butthe result undoubtedlywas, that the return of income thus amended fell short by a verzy sml sum-something like 901.-of that which was necesEary to enablethe Board of Trade to compel the company too execute a double line of rails. (A laugh.) He then entered into some further correspondence with them, and. eventuAlly he received a letter in which they stated that, although they were not in a position to be forced to make a. double line, yet it was their intention forthwith to commnence the construction of double rails along 20 miles of the, line at different convenient points between Dorchester and Southampton. They assured him that the course of theline was so serpentine and inconvenient that it would be impolitic to compel them to lay down double rails.- along the w3ioJ length of the railway; whilo in order to obtain 'power to make the necessary deviations it would, be requisite to come again to Parliament, which they were not prepared to do at present; but they pledged themselvesto commenceandcomplete20mileswithirs the year, on the understanding that they should not be asked to continue the double rails further until twelve months. after the opening of the first portion of the line. He did. not intend, oa the part of the Board of Trade, to depart from the orginal engagement with the company, but, at the same time, considering the di'diculties with which they had to contend, he thought it 'was reasonable that they should be. allowed a yearto furnish 20 miles of the line with double; rails before they 'were called upon to completc the whole. Lord WYRFORD said, the noble lord could not be acquainted with the inconvenience e qperiencel by the people' living in the neighbourhood of the line, or hc would havecompelled the company to lay down= double rails along itS. 'whole extent. The receipts of the company were large enough to enable them to mak-e a double line, and theproper accommodation of the public required that they should do so. At the same time, Imowing that they w,ere at present involved in many engagements, he did not wish to press too hard upon theno, but he could not refrain from mentioning the fact that they had not executed a singlebranch without compulsion. The Earl of AMTALT.ESBUTRY a4cepted the proposition of the company as an instalment, but hoped the Board of Trade. would not rest until the whole of the line had been supplied'with double rails, which he thought might bh done in three years. It was of the utmost importance in a military point. of view, and such 'was the opinion of the late Duke of Wellington, that the line should be continued along the coast from Dorchester to Exeter, and he trusted the Secretary for War would not lose sight of that matter. The shares of the company 'were now above par, so that they could not plead poverty as an excuse for the non-fulfilment. of their engagements. 'The subject then dropped. COOKIING KITCHENS. In reply to a question from Earl FoiREscu7, Lord PMANfURE stated that the cooking kitchens invented by Captain Grant, and now generally in use at tbeL camp atAldershott, had fully answered their purpose. They effected a great saving of fuel and had been found extremelyhealthy. Their lordships then, at a-quarter past 7 o'clockl, adjourned. until Monday next.
HOrSE OF COOMMONS, THmSDAY, Jusi, 1Q. The SPEA=. took the chair at 12 'clock. NEW MEMBER. Mr. BIGGS too' the oaths and his seat for the borough of Leicester, in the room of 2dr. GAnDNEr, deceased. PBIVATE BUSDN1SS. The following bills were read a third time and passed Aberdeen, Peterhead, and Fraserburgh Rlailway; DorsceCentral Railway;- Glastonbury and Biruton aRailway, Isle of Wig,ht Steaml-bridge and approaches; Renfrewsliirer Roads; and Severn Valley RAailwvay. UNIVEPRSITY OF ABERDEEN. Mr. BAILLIE ask-ed the Lord-Advocate for Scotland whether he intended, during the present session, to pass a. biU for the union of the colleges of Aberdeen with the Thniveriaity, or, whether ho only purposed to lay the bill on. the tab]e. It was a question in which his constituents took a great interest, and he thought it would be impossible forany bill on the subject to receive due consideration this. session. The LORD-ADVOCAiTE said it had been consideredc that the subject had reached that point in which it w. ripe for legislation. At the same time, if any material. opposition should be offered to the measure being proceeded. ith, ne certainly should not attempt to pass it this session. REGISTRATION OF VOTERS (SCOT-A\TD) BIL1. The order of the day for the House going into committee on this bill having been read, Mr. G. DUNDAS said there had been no discusaion on the principle of the bilL The bill itrelf had been drawvn up in a very hasty and clumsy manner, and, if it werepassed into law, it would have a very pemnicious and mischievons tendency. Ie entertained several objections to. the bill-frat, as it affected the rights of parties to their property, in virtue of which they claimed to vote. It wan an aniom in the Scotch law that no man could prove his. ownership in property uless he could pro1 ue docanentay
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. FRmDAY. JUNE 20. Cambridge Ulniversity BiL, -As amended to be considered. Lunatic Asylumns (Ireland) (No. 2) Biu.-Committee. P'eacePreservation (Ireahnd) Bill,-Third reading. Joint Stock C,ompaties Winding-up Acts Amendment Bill,-Adjourned debate on second reading. Agricultural Statistics Bill,-Second reading. Hospitala (Dublin) BiU,-Second reading. Juvenile Offenders (Irelandj Bill,-Comniittee. Supply,-Report. Supply.-Uonimittee. Drainage (Ireland) Admances.-Committee. Sardinian Loan Bill,-Secord reading. Dublin Metropolitan Police Bill,-Adjourned debate on second reading. Education (Sco'land) Bill-Adjourned debateon second reading. Vice-PreEident of Committee of Council on Education Bill,-Second reading. Ways and MeSans.-Committee. Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill.-Committee. Graud Jury Assessments (Ireland) Bill-Third reading. Church-rates Abolition Bill.-Committee. Formation, &c., of Parishes BiDl,-Committee. Poor Law Amendmenit (Scotland) Bill,-As amended, to be considered. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland) Bi22,-As amended, to be considered. Dissenters' Marriages B1311,-As amended, to be considered. Gao2s, Uo. Bill,-Seconu reading. ISOTIICB O0F XOTIO1N5 Mr. Otway,-Retarn ofthe law expenses incurred by the East India Company in opposing the Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill before a committee of the House: distingut'hing the fees paid to each of thb counsel in the case. Lord Rt Grosrenor.-Return of the length of highways in various psartihes. not be'eg part of the metropolis roads; the amount of the Last assessment to the poor ; and the amount of rate in the pound 2evied for highwray rste during the last Year. hSr. Bowyeor,-To ask, wvhether there i3nat the BUnme Office, or wfith the Commissioners of Police, any report or other papers regarding the escape of Foschini, for wfhose apprehension a reward w;as lately offered: san, ii so, whEether Government will lay such report or other paliers on thetable ? Mr. Colier -To ask, what course Government intend to take with respect to the Testamentary Bil7 Lord 2Uotham,-To ask the Under-Secretary for War to explain in what manner it is proposed to carry into effect the intended reduction of officers in those regiments whose *stablishments were increased in consequence of the late war ? Mr. H. Baring,-To ask whether there would be any objection to direct that the entry of the Brigade of Guards into London. on their return from the Crimea, shall be exed at such an hour of the day that the public may bave an opportunity of testifying the sense they entertain of the services of those troops ? Mr. O'Elahexty.-To ask the uhief Secretary forIreland. whether it is his intention to introduce a bUl during the present session to regulate the saaries of clerks of petty sessions in Ireland; and if so, when surch bil maybe expected to be placed on the table of the house ? M. Grogan.-Return showiing the names of the barracktuster and of all other officers employed in the management and supervision of barracks in Iceland. Mr. Locke King,-BUl for the uniform admbiistration of intestates' estates, Air. Adderley, -Copy of a provisional agreement made between the Government and the Ceylon R%ilvway Company, which has been sent out for the approval of the loia Governient of Ceylon. Mlr. Tite.-Address for return of the sums paid by the Board of Health for the West of Iondon and Westminster Cemetery, including the cost of the arbitration under which it was purchased, and the cost ot the conveyance; tho amount received since its purchase for vaults, graves burial services, c. Mr. Tite.-Address respecting local boards of health. hlr. MlI. Gihson.-Return showing the number of chidren between three years and 15 years of age, who shal be chargeable to the poorrates of the several parishes and unions in England and Wales, but who sbaU not be iermates of workhouses, or of any schools for pauper chDdren, on tho 1st of July, 1i56.
TE STRiXE oF RAmWAY PorTmRS AND CLEKS.- Yesterday afternoon a deputation from the porters and clerks belonging to the goods department of the London and North-Western Railway Company, at Liverpool, had an interview with the directors at the Lime-street Station in that town. On the board were the Marauis of Chandos (in the chair), Mr. Alderman Moon, of London, Mr. Grant, one of the local directors. &c. Mr. Booth, secretary at Liverpool, was also in attendance. The menstatedthattheobjectof their visit was to ascertain the reply of the directors to a memorial from a meeting of the turnouts, stating the causes of the strike, and requesting to be placed on a footing which would ensure an immediate return to their duties. One object contemplated by the movement was the dismissal of Mr. Carter, the new goods manager, who is accused of carrying out a system of economy which tends to a depreciation of the men's wages and to the introduction of youths to supply the places ofefficienthands. They urged4 also, that the committee were the first to break faith, havinx reduced the wages of some of the porters below the tariff'(24s. a-week), mutually agreed upoa at thelast strike. They now applied to have a uniform rate of payment of 24s. a-week. or to be paid at the rate of 3s. 6d. a day from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., and 6d. an hour overtime. The Marquis of Chandos replied that the men had thrown themselves out of work by their own act; that steps had now been taken to supply their places; and that they must consider their engagements with the company to have terminated, the men having taken the law into their own bands. A porter named Solan (a principal leader in the strike) told his Lordship that the men the dizecters were getting to do the duty of those on strike, judging from their appearance, were the lowest outcasts of society; that they were not worth as much as is. 6d. a-day, and that it would require 12 months of hard drill to make them efficient. The Marquis of Chandos admitted that it might require some time to make them as useful as those who had been accustomed to the duties; but that would not deter the directors from tak ing prompt measures for the purpose of resisting the dictation of the porters. Upwvards of 800 men thu; suddenly find themselves deprived of the means of obtaining a livelihood, for ther e can he no doubt the company wvill not this time relent. The two principal goods stations, Wapping and Waterloo, which were standing on WVednes-, day, were yesterday ini partial working, a number of men) mhaving been weeded from L,ondon, Mlanchester, and other~ places where they could be best spared. Bills have also' been posted, requiing porters, and a large number of men are offering themselves. It is feared, however, that the struggle will nut terminlate vwithout a disturbance, which it may require the strong arm of the law to subdue.
LONDON, FRIDAY, JUNB 20, 1856. In the House of Lords last niuht, The Earl of DERBY laid on the table a bill to amend the Oath of Abjurntion. After some discussion, the bill was read a fizst time. The Factories Bill and the Sardinian Loan Bill were read a second time. The House then went into committee on the Police Bill, and, the several clauses having been agreed to, the bill was ordered to be reported. When the order of the day was read for the third reading of General W=Ams's Annuity Bill, Lord MAImrssnuImy called the attention of the House to the irreparable loss which the family of Major THoersox had sustained by the death of that gallant officer, who had been its chief support. The Marquis of LANSDOWNr: could only say onthe part of the Government that the services of Major ThoirsoN were worthy of the admiration of the country, and that the circumstances mentioned by Lord MATTsBuRy should be made known in the proper quarter. Some other business was then despatched, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, at the morning sitting, on the order for going into committee upon the Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bill, Mr. G. DuN-DAs complained that there had been no discassion of the principle of the bill, to which he urged various objections, and moved to defer the committee for six months. The LORD-ADvocATE observed that these objections might be considered in the committee, and declined entering into them at that stage. After some further discission, the amendment, upon a division, was negatived by 102 to 49, and the House went into committee upon the bill, the clauses of which were agreed to. The report on the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill was agreed to. In the evening, Mr. WALPoxa inquired what course the Government intended to take with reference to any motion for rescinding the ? ddr s to the CRowv on the subject of National Education in Ireland, voted by the House on 'Tuesday. Lord PAnsiTo-N replied that, assuming the motion of MAr. C. Fowxnicuz to appear to the Goi vernment to be otherwise unobjectionable, they should support any motion tending to reverse that decision. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Captain L. VEnRo2r moved a resolution that it woould be to the advantage of the service to employ General officers from the scientific corps on the Staff of the army, enumerating the many distinguished commanders in the British and foreign services who had been officers of Engineers. Mir. F. Pzx said he entirely agreed in the principle of the resolution, and that it would be an advantage to the Government to have the power of employing Engineers in the command of a mixed body of troops; but it would be of no advantaoe for the House to adopt this resolution. The Exeecutive should be left perfectly free to make its selection, and it would be made without regard to the arm of the service. The resolution, after a few words from Captain S. KEox, was negatived, and the House went into Committee of Supply upon the remaining army estimates, which underwent a long debate. On the order for the second reading of the Coalwhippers (Port of London) Bill, Air. Lows moved that the order be discharged, upon an engagement on the part of the coalowners and shipowners of the north of England that they would make arrangements which would render the continunce of the measure, introduced for the relief of the coalwhippers, and which had had a good effect, unnecessary. Mr. FzsNwicx and ir. INoGaxr gave assurance3 to that effect. Mr. GLADSTONE thought this matter should not be dealt with off-hand, and proposed that tlle assurances from the coalowners and shipowners should belaidin writinguponthetable. Hemoved that the second reading be deferred for a fortnight. bIr. Lows said he was satisfied with the assurances ,he bad received, but he had no objection to lay on the table such a document as woulc lie satisfactory to the coalwbipper. He did not oppose theainend. ment of Mr. GLADSTONE. This amendment, after some remarks by lr. LIDDuLL, hlr. RDLEiy, and Mr. J. Fobml, was agreed to. The Seamen's Savings' BakBillwasreadaeond time. The Stock-in-Trade Exemption Bill Was read a third time and passed. The remaining busiesa having been dispoi of, the House adjourned at2§ minutes past 1ceclock-
In the phraseology of the New World, the Convention at Cincinnati having " reaffmed the Balti" more Platformn' in a manifesto, adds thereto some resolutions, which will be found in our columns. They are not very pleasant reading, either as to their style, which is very much what the giant GAIGAwTuA would have employed forhis least amiable occasions, or for their tone, which is that of selfwill, as opposed to all the doubts that international right or any other consideration might suggest. At present, however, we are not in the mood to quarrel either with the tone any more than with the style. We are prepared to make things pleasant for our rather quarrelsome cousins, and, if pomsible, would not leave to M5r. BucaAs.A, in the event of his election, the trouble of discovering some new doctrine, of the MoNnoE class, for the settlement of the remaining differences between us. It is true that on a perusal of the resolutions before us, and of other documents of the same description, we are tempted to go a good deal further than Mr. BUcHrsANA in that peculiarity of vision which he has applied to these affairs. He does not see what there is to arbitrate upon in the Cmrox -BuLwan Treaty. But will Mr. Buoa&xAN, or any gentleman in his behalf, be so good as to say what there was to have a treaty upon;-what occasion there was for any conference at all; -what subject-matter for any agreement ? If the Democrats of Cincinnati and fr. BUCHANs-, and even the Pnrsmnaxr, have any clear idea on the subject, it must be that the British Government went through the pompous ceremony of sending a Plenipotentiary to America to declare, that whereas it had nothing, it would acquire nothing, and pretend to nothing, in Central America. In all soberness and sincerity we always suspected there was something very amiss about that affair, for the simple reason that our people here seemed to think they had made a very great cozp. We do not believe in diplomatic coUps. When nations are well beaten out of a position they submit to it with as good grace as they can. They give way when they don't think a point worth fighting for, or when there happens to be some national feeling or interest concerned. But no nation ever was bound by a mere form of words, and it was not to be expected that the United States would ever be bound by a phrase. Evidently they know as little about thr, CL&TrowBuVwEwx Treaty as 9,999 out of 10,000 do in this country. They think they have a natural right to Central America, if they can get it, and all that stands in their way they set down as moonshine. A word, however, with our gigantic progenythese grandsons and second cousins, who are so insufferably insolent and so intensely disagreeable, chiefly because they are so like ourselves. There is an old proverb, " Most haste, least speed." If the matter is such plain sailing as they say it is, if their own destiny is so paramount, if nature has settled matters so agreeably and certainly for the extension of their empire, and so forth, they need be in no particular hurry, and, above all, have no occasion to beard the nation from whom they have the honour or the dishonour to be naturally born. We beg to assure them that nobody in England takes a natural and spontaneous interest in Central America. NTobody here, except some of the steadiest old officials, or M.P.'s of preternaturally businessike qualities, have read, or can be induced to read, the bluebooks on the subject. The names obtruded upon us by the progress of the controversy are generally as strange andunreal to us as those in the Arabian Nights' Birtainments or a book of travels in Central Africa. The people of England, as the good citizens of Cincinnati may see from the declaration of the Mlanchester Chamber of Commerce, and many other expressionS of the popular feeling, have no wish to deny the United States a " preponderance" in the adjustment of Central American questions, so far as they are questions of interest and convenience, and do not compromise honour, duty, and right. For our part, we can look with great resignation, and even pleasure, to the future day when the United States may embrace the whole continent between British America and the Isthmus of Panama. We could even go further; but it is not necessary, nor do we see any likelihood of more. We are willing to admit that the United States have a fair right to expect an " ascendancy in the Gulf " of Iexico," supposing affairs there to be so unsettled as to require an " ascendancy" of any sort, and to be in a natural process of further development. But-and for the Bake of all parties we beg these castle-building widesympathizing, ascendancy-hunting, state-annexing citizens to take heed that there is a "but" in the affair-we trust they will remember there are ccrtain places where the British flag is hoisted; there are certain British ships, under the command of British Admirals, who sail with certain orders, more or less definite, whereof we know but little. There ale also certain British subjects with property rather in the way of collision. Of course, if the Americans wish to win honour and. glory from the country of their ancestors, they may perhaps desire a collision. We do not desire it. We have nothing to gain by it. We don't wish to kill and slay our flesh and blood; and we well know that many whom we should kill and slay in such a quarrel would, according to our law, be our own fellowsubjects. But if the Americans carry everywhere with them the tone of the resolutions before us, then we must say they will run imminent risk of a collision, the consequences of which no man can venture to predicate. Should a collision ever take place, there vill not be much opportunity for setting matters right. Our fleets and armies will be four thousand miles from home, and will return blow for blow. Our Ministers -Will negotiate for peace as tardily as they have negotiated for a settlement of our present differences. The war will rage on, simply because there is no stopping it; against the interests, against the feelings, against the fervent prayers of both countries. The most irrepara'ble mischief will be done to both, far more than can be measured by any amount of property and any number of lives. And when impartial history comes to ask who were the authors of the wideapread calamity, it will inquire into existing rights and into the meaning of treaties rather more closely, wO supect, than the ardent citizens of C ncinnati. Turning to our ownGovernment, we cannot hlelp urcing them to devote a little more time and take more direct and conclusive means to settle t.hese questions for good and for ever. It wi be a great thing to finish them off during the existing Presidency, and withdraw them as soon as possible out of the-excitement of the approachingcontest. Any sacrifice in reason is better than a' collision, which would put the matter out of the. reach of statesmen, of wisdom, of humanity-' of the two countries themselves, were they ever so desirous of peace. For our part,
A thoughtful reader of history -will observe one great fallacy underlying many of the wars of past times. It was this-that small questions were great ones, because they happened to arise between great Powers. That forward and delusive faculty, the imagination, transferred the idea of greatness from the disputants to the dispute, and a molehiU of questions made a mountain the instant a great Power touched it. Even now it is difficult to keep people to reason. As soon as ever a question mrises between two great Powers the whole world pricks up its ears, and everybody thinks; that what everybody is thinking about must be something very important. But everybody must Inow, on the slightest reflection, that great Powers may have small matters of dispute, and the intelligent part of the world is beginning to draw the distinCtion in the proper quarter, and to see that nations need not fight simply because they are great, but should only fight on great questions. Of the two questions which compose the Central American dispute-the Mosquito question and the auestion relating to the Bay Islands-the former is already virtually settled. Great Britain has expressed herself all along as not wishing to xetain any exclusive protectorate over the Mosquito territory, including Greytown. She is willing that the latter should be a sort of Hanseatic Town, ,under the joint protectorate of herself and the United States, or to make any other similar arrangement. The question of tne Bay Islands still remains, and this is a question which an hour's conference between two intelligent persons would easily settle, and we should not care much which way it was settled. Central America and the seas and islands adjacent formed, till within comparatively recent tines, part of the great Spanish empire. As part of this empire they came, in the year 1783, under the operation of a treaty between Spain and this country. The country between the rivers Wallis, or Belize, and Rio Honda was rich in logwood or -wood for dyeing, and we obtained by this treaty from the Spanish CRowx the rig,ht for our settlers to cutt logwood in this district. The boundaries of this district were accurately marked, however, and there was an express stipulation that this right "was not to be considered as dero"C gating in anywise from his" (the Spanish Monarch's) " rights of sovereignty." The treaty of 17183 was confirmed by another in 1786, which made particular mention of " the islands adjacent" to the Central American coast, which we were required to evacuate. What these two treaties, then, appear to show is, that Central America and the islands adjacent had been, and were at that time, a regular part of the Spanish American dominions. Tle treaty gives us that which a sovereign Power alone can give,-the " useful `domain," as publicists call it, or usufruct of a certain portion of it, and in giving it expressly reserves its sovereignty even over that portion. The Spanish sovereignty is implied and supposed over the mainland and the adjacent islands, and forms the substratum of the whole treaty; and, what is particularly to the purpose, the continuance of this sovereignty, even over the district of the English settlement of Belize, was recognized by act of Parliament in the year 181 7, passed "for the more effectual punishment " of murders and manslaughters committed in "places i/.t within His :NAiRsT's dominions." The first section of this act recites, that- " Whereas grievous murders and manslaughters haveDeen committed at the settlement in tho Bay of Honduras, in SouthlAmerica. the same being a settlement for certain purposes, in the possession and under the protection of His Majesty, but not within the territory and dominion of His Lfajesty . . . ati such murders and manslaughters . . . . shall and maybe tried and punished in any of H6s Majesty's islands, &c." But this act could not be carried into effect, because it was found that there was " no island "there in the dominion of His MAJESTy to which " the Kmsxos commission could be directed ," and consequently an amendatory act was passed in 1819, substituting a special tribunal at Belize for trial of such offences, " because of the great " delay and difficulty in removing offenders in "cHonduras for trial in England." These statutes, then, must certainly be admitted to prove that so late as 1819 the English Parliament recognized the sovereignty of the Spanish CROWN over the mainland of Central America; and the adjacent islands appear to go along with the mainland, and to be considered as uLnder the same sovereignty, as tley are evidently one in the two treaties of 1783 and 1786. Up to tlis point, then, the Spanish CRowN is in possession of the sovereignty over Central America and the adiacent islands. But between the years 1821 and 1824 the whole of Central Amelica threw off the Spanish dominion, and the five provinces wlhich had constituted the old kingdom or viceroyalty of Guatemala became five republics, with a federal constitution, aud established theta- selves as the United States of Central America, a union which was afterwards dissolved. Each of these States then claimed in its new and independent condition all the territory which had attached' to it in its former state of dependency; and, among the rest, the Republic of Honduras lays claim to the Bay Islands as islands which attached to the old province of Honduras, and were, along with that province, under the sovereignty of the Spanish CROWN. These islands are about 30 miles distant from the coast of Honduras. The question, then, which an arbiter would have to settle would be whether Honduras, on its separation from the Spanish CROWN, succeeded legitimately to all the rights and territories attaching to it while a dependency of the Spanish CROWN. The Committee of the Senate of the United States appointed in the beginning of 1853 to examine the case of the British proclamation for the colonization of the Bay Islands, and draw up a report, lays it down as an undoubted principle, "that, when one political community separates 'itself from another by successful revolt, assumes "the form and declares itself to the world as a "separate and independent Power or State, " and so maintains itself, such Power or State "thereby becomes a Sovereign within its lawful "or prescribed limits; and, by the established " usage of nations, such pre-existent sovereignty is "to be recognized by othernations as a common "duty, whenever the new Power shall have exhibited satisfactory proof that it is, in fact, "independent, and is capable of so sustaining itself." We apprehend that there could be no difficulty in settling such a question as this. There are, of course, known rules and precedents which would apply to it, and a moderate acquaintance with international law would supply the proper data for the decision. It would be, of course, for ani arbiter to say whether our war with Spain, subsequent to the treaties of 1783 and 1786, at all affected the conclusion to be drawn from those treaties, or whether the appeal to treaties in the present case is simply historical, for the purpose of ascertaining how the facts of the case stood, and is therefore not affected by any subsequent war with Spain. It would also be for an arbiter to say whether any temporary British occupations of the Bay Islands interfere with the Spanish and the Honduras title. Such questions as these would be very easily decided one way or another, and, whichever way they were decided, neither side would have any disgrace to suffer. It is merely a matter of law, and in a civilized state of things there is no discredit in bowing to law; only, let the question be settled soon, and not continue to disturb any longer the peaceful relations of the two countries.
It can scarcely be expected that English readers should take a very vital interest in all the details of the controversy relating to the Nawabee of Surat. Under the tedious particulars of this dispute, however, lies hid a principle of the utmost importance to the conservation of our Indian empire-namely, that of keeping inviolate any promise which has once been made by the English Government to our Indian fellow-subjects.- Let us not deceive ourselves,-the supremacy of Great Britain in India rests absolutely on good faith. It is the trust which the natives of India repose in the plighted faith of the British Government which k;eeps so many thousands of Sepoys, so many chivalrous Moslem horsemen, true to our banners, from the Himalayas and the Punjab even to the southern extremity of India and Ceylon. The Sepoy soldier is well aware that although for the moment splendid offers may be made to hii1 if he will but desert his colours, yetas soon as the necessity for procuring his treason is at an end he will be cast aside and left to perish in the dusky jungle or on the bleak mountain side. He kiows that, although his emoluments under the British flag may not be very splendid, yet that from the moment he has engaged in our service a provision is secured to him in sickness or in health, in manhood or in old age. Character, then, to us in British India is all in all, if we argue the point upon the narrowest grounds of selfish policy. But not only musL we keep faith inviolate directly with the Sepoys and others in our employment, but our reputation for honesty and straightforward dealing with the natives of India and the Indian Princqs generally must be sustained at any cost. There can be little doubt that within the next halfcentury, or less, every native State will be absorbed under British rule,-we cannot, if we would, avoid the result. It must, however, be brought about without violence, fraud, or dishonesty. From one end of British India to the other it must be clearly understood that the British Government will neither be guilty of deception itself nor tolerate it in others. Upon this system alone can our Indian supremacy be preserved. We need not, therefore, think it necessary to give way to every idle claim which the nimble brain of a Hindoo can conjure into existence. If we are but scrupulously honest we can afford to be fiTn. Now, if the case of the Nawabee of Surat be considered from this point of view, it will be found that the decision at which the House arrived on Wednesday was well calculated to sustain the honour and good name of the nation, at the same time tnat it rejected all the idle pretensions which the astuteness of Indian claimants might endeavour to fix upon a Government scrupulous to do justice, and rather inclined in dubious cases to decide against itself. The case -of MEER JTAFFR ALI, of Surat, as stated by himself-and the statement appears to be substantially true-is as follows :-Lord Wn;LESLEY, in the year 1800, commissioned Mr. DcAwCA, the Governor of Bombay, to take possession of the government of Surat. No choice was left to the Nawab in the matter. He was coerced in the affair. In return for the cession of his armies, his fleet, and his territories, the East India Company agreed to pay to the Nawab and his heirs a pension of 15,0001. per annum. The Nawab demurred a little at the time, but was at length induced to sign, on the distinct 'and positive assurance that, according to English ideas and English law, the operative words " to a man and his heirs" meant for ever, or until the stoclk was exhausted. The cession was not the result of successful hostilities on the part of the Company. They gained-so says MX:ER JA.FiFRr AL-in territory and influence far more than they paid in the forn of a pension to the NTawab and his heirs. The annuity was paid with perfect regularity to the Nawab and his heirs during his life, which was protracted until 1817. His son and successor,-the father-in-law of MEER JE'Rrsa AI,-the present claimant, also received payment until his death, in 1843. Then it was the dispute arose. The East India Company contended that the treaty applied to the heirs and successors, being Nawabs, of the Nawab with whom the treaty was made. Now, if we understand axight Sir JAMES HOGo'S argument of the other night, he maintains that the term " Nawab," as used in the treaty, does not carry with it the rights of individuals, but applies to the tenants of an offlce. " There was not a syllable in the treaty to show "that it was ever intended to limit the " Nawabship or the annuity to the heirs " natural of the person with whom the treaty " was made." According to Sir JA=es's view, upon the death of the original Nawab, in 1817, the East India Company might have appointed any other man than his son to be Nawab in his place, and then clearly the son so passed over, hi5 de- cendants, and d fortiorii 'M JAFFiER .Al, who married one of Iis daughters, would have had no claim at all. lVe can only say, if this be so, the treaty; is onie of the' most singular State docu-- ments upon record. There is no reason, under such a system of interpretation, -why, upon the death of the first annuitant, the East IndiaCompany should not have declined to appoint to the office, and -so discontinued' the pension altogether. The pension was to go with the Nawabship,' but, failing the Nawabship, dropped. Now, herein are involved a question of. interpretation and a question of fact. Sir JArs HOGG says it was clearly explained by Lord WI sLExLEY's direction to the Nawab in 1800 that the provision made for the Nawab was not a provision for the individual and his family, but for the maintenance of the State and office. Such is the question of fact, which can scarcely be settled at this distance of time by a dry reference to a' letter under Lord WELIESLEYBS hand written more than half-a-century back. The point of interpretation remnains; and certainly, according, to all notions of law which we have imbibed, the use of the term "to a man and his " heirs" would certainly seem to point to the heirs of his body. Nor can we readily believe that any English Court upon a mere suggestion by' a party to the contract highly interested in defeating its objects that the term " heiri' meant " successors," would consent to substitute the' latter for the first expression. Nor can we altogether forget the fact that when, in 1800, the: then Nawabof Surat expressed certain apprehensions that the words "to him and his heirs" would not carry with them perpetuity, he was assured by the Governor of Bombay that the words really meant " for ever," or until the heirs became extinct. From our recollections of the Indian history of the time, we feel well assured that MEER JAFFIER ALI ridiculously overstates his case when he speaks of the Government of British India and of the Nawab of Surat in 1800 as of high contracting parties negotiating upon a basis of equality. The idea is preposterous; but no matter how complete may have been the prostration of the Nawab, no matter how entirely he and his office may have: been at the mercy of the British Government of that time, what we contracted with him we are bound to perform. Now, according to all common sense interpretation of the words we have already so often quoted, we contracted to pay a certain pension to the heirs of the Nawab, until such heirs should fail. We are not bound to admit Hindoo forma of adoption, or any other which may overstep the obvious limitations of the treaty, but simply to stand to onr plighted words. MIEEP JAFFIEiR ALi has married the granddaughter of the original Nawab, and therefore his claim in right of his wife for a distributive share would seem to be sound enough. Who are the right heirs? That is the question for decision, and we believe the House of Commons has decided it justly in favour of the Nawab.
We have reason to believe that Her Majesty wvill be advised by Lord Palmerston to raise Sir EdmnunAd Lyons to the Peerage, in consideration of his services while in command of the fleet inthe Black Sea. This will be the only Peerage conferred for military or naval service rendered during the last war. Sir Edmund Lyons, notwithstanding the new dignity it is proposed to confer upon him, will retain the command of the Mediterranean fleet. It is also, we are informed, intended to confer upon Sir Baldwin Walker the honour of a baronetcy, in recognition of the great ability and unwearied assiduity with which he has fulfilled his laborious duties as Surveyor of the Navy. We are requested to state that Sir Harry and lady Verney were prevented attending Her Majesty's ball on the 17th inst. by a recent domestic calamity. TEE AusTRsLmr MAIS.-The Golden Era, belonging to ?4essrs. Pllkdngton and Wilson's White Star line of mail- packets, sails to-day (Friday) from Liverpool for Melbourne witnthe semi-monthly maiL Yesterday the Beemah, belonging to Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., sailed from the same port for Melbourne with upwards of 300 passengers and a fair cargo. SraI-nDTD DwE=mNGs E AmgiRiA.-The mania for building splendid dwelling-houses, which was so prevalent a short time ago, has sensibly abated, and this spring but litile building of this character is going on. There is promise, however, of a partial revival next autumn, when gentlemen have returned from their travels, to which time several very heavy contracts are postponed, As affording some idea of the extent to which the 'merchant princes" of New York have invested in private mansions (a description of property not celebrated for its dividend-paying qualities). it may be stated that there are at least a dozen houses mnthe city which cost from $100,000 to $150,000-rivalling in magnificence almost any of the Royal palaces of Europe, and ferior only in point of magnitude. early all these have been recently erected. Nothing, it strikes us, can be more absurd than the erection of these enormous and expensive establishments for private dwellings. Inno countrybutthisdoprivategentlementhink it necessaryor ingoodtaste toseetheirfriends iu an aTment costing $25,000 or $30,000, or to sleep in a chanber upon which money enough has been expended to endow a hospital, a church, or a professorship in a college. TnEurope aU these lavish expcenditures are reserved for public buildings, paid for out of the national treasury, and kept for show rather than use. In some of the famous old seats of the higher nobility, vast sums are spent upon the erection and adorning of dwelings; but this is only where they are certain to remain in the same families for hundreds of years, and where it is equally certain that the possessors of them will be rich enough to keep up a suitable establishment. The laws of England favour such arrangements by making the eldest son the sole heir of the paternal estate. But in this country where primogeniture does not obtain, the property of our wealthiest men, upon their death, must be Nvided among all their children. Few men here are rich enough to bequeath to one of several children a private dwelling worth $200,000, and at least as much more for the purorse of living in the style which such a mansion would rendr necessary. The chances are, that upon the death of the original owner, and the division of his estate, his house must be sold-for less than half its lcostand converted into a boarding-house. This has been the fate of many such establishments in this city, and the wonder is that thc lesson thus conveyed is not more widely learnt. The man who spends $200,000 or 300,000 upon his dwelling doesit simply for hisownindulgence, and thus wastes unprofitably what he ought to keep for his children, if he does not choose to devote it to some useful purpose. But, besides this direct waste of property, there are many incidental evils to which such expenditures give rise. Children are accustomed to a style of living which it is certain they cannot, in after life, maintain for themselves. It is always hard for any one to be compelled to descend to an inferior station, but it is cruel and unjust for parens to educate their children to a style of luxury which they know perfectly well they cannot always maintain. We should be very glad, therefore, if the abatement in this "mania," which the Journal of Commerce notes, might prove to be permanent.-.Vew York; Times. Aw ANsRIcAN TAL.-A very curious instance of confusion occurred the other day in a family at Albany. A mother and a daughter were both confined on the same day, each having a little son. In the bustle of the moment both infants were placed in a cradle together, and, to the confusion of the mothers, when the youngsters were taken from the cradle, they were unable to tel which was the mother's and which the daughter's son-a matter which, of course, must ever remain amystery. The family isin great distress over the affair. NoTrT .WAiES CAAT FARs.-The fair just closed in North Wales show a marked increase in the value of horned cattle, varying from 30s. to 40s. per head. The show of cattle has been good, and the demand so gat that few have been left unsold. Cows in calf were as high as 161. Barrens of quality realized high rates, and were in great request. Fat sheep realized full quotations, and the show has been small. In hormes good useful animals wero much in demand at late rates. TH " CouNciL oF WAt."-A picture of great historical interest has recently been finished by Mr. Augusts Egg, and is now to be seen in the rooms of Messs. Graves of Pall-malL It represents Lord R Jan, Mashal Peissier, and Omar Pasha holding the Council of War on the morning of the 7th of June, 1855, prior to the storming of the Mamelon. Lord Raglan, who is seated at the table, resting on his compasses, and withthe well-known scarf-enveloped hat on his head, is quietly pondering on the subject under discussion. Marshal Felissier, 'who stands opposite, has risen from his chair, and is eagerly 3making a suggestion, which is listened to with vivacious attention by Omar iasha, who, sitting in the centre, watches the countenanoe of the speaker. The portraits are all from photographs, taken on the spot by Mr. Fenton, and the subject has been most sldlfully treated by Mr. Egg, who has availed himself of the diversity of costume and character presented in the three figures, to produce out of simple elements a highly effectivo composition. Even Lord Raglan's hat, whi;ch is an almost ludicrouts object in itself, he has turned to good account, by maidng it the fcus of light to the entire picture. An exngraving is alreajdy announced by Messrs. Agnew. EuRATUmI-Tho specie brought by the Baltic was $162,047, not $l,M,O04T, as erroneously trasmittnd by the telegrph clersk.
ITHE DEMOCRATIC CoNMNTION AT CINCINNATI. MOe following appeared in our second edition pf yestexday :-] (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) The following is the manifesto in which the Convention at Cincinnati reaffirms the Baltimore Platform of 1852, adding to it the followin_ resolutions - "And whereas, since the foregoing declaration was uniforinly adopted by our predecessors in national conventions, an adverse political and religions test has been secretly organized by a party claiming to be exclusively Americans, and it is proper that theAmerican democracy should clearly define its relations thereto, therefore, "First, resolved that the foundation of this union of States having been laid in its prosperity, expansion, and pre-eminent example, in free government, built upon entire freedom of matters of religions concern and no respect of persons in regard to rank or place of birth, no party can justly be deemed national, constitutional, or in accordance with American principles which bases its exclusive organization upon religious opinions and accidental birthplace. "Second, that we reiterate with renewed energy of purpose the well-considered declarations of former conventions upon the sectional issue of domestic slavery, and concerming the reserved rights of the States, that we may the more distinctly meet the issue on which a sectional party, subsisting exclusively on slavery agitation, now relies to test the fidelity of the people, north and south, to the constitution and the Union. Third, resolved that, claiming fellowship with, and desiring the co-operation of, all who regard the preservation of the Union under the constitution as the paramount issue, ancd repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concerning domestic slavery which seek to embroil the States and incite to treason and armed resistance to law in' the territories, and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must end in civil war and disunion, the American democracy recognize and adopt the principles contained in the organic laws establishing the territories of Kansas and Nebraska as embodying the only sound and safe solution of the slavery questionupon whichthegreat national idea of the people of this whole country can repose in its determined conservatism of the Union,-non-interference by Congress with slavery in States and territories; that this was the basis of the compromises of 1850, confirmed by both the Democratic and Whig parties in national conventions, ratified by the people in the election of 1852, and rightly applied to the organization of territories in 1854; that by the uniform application of this democratic. principle to the organization of territories, and the admission of new States with or without domestic slavery, as they may elect, the equal rights of all the States will be preserved intact, the original compacts of the constitution maintained inviolate, and the perpetuation and expansion of this Union insured to its utmost capacity of embracing in peace and harmony everyfutureAmericanState that may be constituted or annexed with a republican form of government. "Fourth, resolved, that we recognize the right of the people of all the territories, including Kans and Nebraska, acting through the fairly-expressed will of the majority of actual residents, and whenever the number of their inhabitants justifies it to form a constitution, with or without domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect equality with the other States. " ifth, resolved, that the Democratic party recognizesthe great importance, in a political and commercial point of view, of a safe and speedy communication within our own territory between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of this Union; and it is the duty of the Federal Government to exercise promptly all its proper constitutional powers for the attainment of that object. * "Sixth, resolved, finally, that the condition of popular institutions in the Old World, and the dangerous tendencies to sectional agitation, combined with the attempt to enforce civil and religious disabilities against the rights of acquiring and enjoying citizenship in our own land, a high and sacred duty has devolved, with increased responsibility, upon the Democratic party of this country, as the party of the Union, to uphold and maintain the rights of every State, and thereby the union of the States, and to sustain the advance among us of constitutional liberty, by continuing to resist all monopolies and exclusive legislation for the benefit of the few at the expense of the many; and by vigilant and constant adherence to those principles and compromises of the constitution which are broad and strong enough -to embrace and uphold the Union as it was, and the Union as it shall be, in the fulU expansion of the energies- and -capacity of this great and progressive people. " Seventh, resolved, that the questions connected with'the for6ign policy of the country are inferior to no domestic question whatever. The time has come for the people of the United States to declare themselves in favour of free seaS and progressive free trade throughout the world, and by solemn manifestations place their moral influence by the side of their successful example. " Eighth, resolved, that our geographical and political position in reference to other States on this continent, no less than the interest of our commerce and the development of our growing power, requires that we hold sacred the principles involved in the Monroe doctrine and their binding import, which admits of no misconstruction, and should be applied with unbending rigidity. " Nmth, resolved, that that which the great highway of nature, as wel as the assent of the States most immediately interested in its maintenance, has marked out for free communication between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans constitutes one of the most important achievements realized by the spirit of modern times and the unconquerable energy of our people. That result should be secured by timely efficient exertion and control with the Government of the States within whose dominions it lies. We can under no circumstances surrender our preponderance in the adjustment of all questions arisin& out of it. "Tenth, resolved, that in view of such commandinginterest the people of the United States cannot but sympathize with the efforts which are being made by the people of Central America to regenerate that portion of the continent which covers a passage across the oceanic isthmus. "Eleventh, resolved, that the Democratic party wil expect of the next Administration that every effort be made to insure an ascendancy in the Gulf of Mexico, to maintain a permanent protection of the great outlets through which is emptied into its waters the products raised upon our soil, and the commodities created by the industry of the people in our western valleys and the Union at large." The Knownothiing National Council, holding a session at New York, had decided to abolish secrecy in their mneetings.
AUSTRALIA. ARRIVAL OF THE MORING STAR. :BRISTOL, TuRsD.iY Ar=%xoox. As stated in the telegraphicSinteOigeHRc of 27. Vw esof this morning, the Morning Star, Captain Allen, was telegraphed off Pill yesterday evening at 8 15, and camo up to Bristol by this morning's tide. She left Melbourne on the 20th of March, and, consequently, her commercial advices have been anticipated by the overland 3mail. The Morning Star brought a mail, which was delivered this afternoon, and 91 first and second-cabin and 53 steerage passengers. Her cargo comprised 44,682oZ. of gold and 60,000 sovoreigns, principally consigned to the Bank of England; 1,941 bales of wool, 6,027 salted hides, hides and calfskins, besides hones, tallow, tin ore, colonial wine, sheepskins without wool, rags, auriferous quartz, mimosa bark, and general merchandise. The Morning Star crossed the moridian of Melbourne on the 28th of March, and has made the passage thence In 80 days. On May 1 she fell in with the wreck of the Chimborazo, of Liverpool, in a sinking state, in lat. 39 47 S., jong. 3815 W-16 of the crew were taken off by the Morning Star; May9, exchanged signals with the American ship National Eagle, bound South, in lat. S 20 S., long. 30 40 W.; MIay 20, exchanged numbers with the bark Rival, bound South, in lat. 4 30 S., long. 30 15 W.; June 14, spoke the bark Emily, bound West, in lat. 47 44 N., long. 20 27 W.; June 15, the ship Harmony, from New Orleans for Liverpool, in lat. 48 N., long. 20 W.; June 16, the ship St. Andrew, from Africa for Liverpool, in lat. 49 30 N., long. 12 40 W. The George Marshall, for London, sailed on the same day from Melbourne as the Morning Star, and some considerable bets were depending on the first arrival at port. The passengers by the Morning Star inatend giving a dinner to Captain Allen at the White Lion, Bristol, this evening.
BILLAMn . BRCKARDS. TO TM EDITOR OF THE TIEMES. Sir,-As solicitor tothe defendants in this action, I think it right to call upon youx sense of justceeto place one of the witnesns, MIr. John Viclers, subpcnaed on the part of the defendants, in the poEition from which your report of the trhlappearsto have dispLaoedhim. te h kers has not diappeared; on thecontrTy, he u eourt durir,g tbe'whole tr!al, and ready to appear as a witnee, -led not the evidence of the plaintiff himself and hAs witaeeses decided the qulestion. G. K. POLLOOK. - s set B &,-g,Jn 9
I- -1-- I THEU2U7ITBDf STATES. - (FRom OtWi oW& CORzSPONDMq+ E . NEW YORE, Jua 7 The proDgaintial nomination on the9part, of the Demonrats, whic,'- I predicted three months since in 2'ze Times, was mae-k yesterday at Cincinnati. The machinery of Presiicnym^t in America is some- what complicated. l ro- the mantude of the country and the variety of its interets, it X impossible for a party to agree upon the candidate who shall receive its support, unless by the help of some previously concerted action. It has consequently become an established custom, as well established as the election itself, for the several parties to send from their States or congressional districts delegates to a national convention, who are intrusted with the selection of a candidate. This convention has just closed its work in Cincinnati by the selection of Mr. James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, late Minister at London, as its candidate for the Presidency, and Mr. Breckenridge, of Kentucky, as its candidate for the Vice-Presidency. Mr. Buchanan is personally known to many of the readers of Vile Times. He was in early life a Federalist, and, as such, represented a strong Feederal district in Congress more than 30 years ago. When these party distinctions were annihilated by the election of Mr. Adams, Mr. Buchanan joined the Opposition which supported General Jackson, and, subsequently, Mr. Van Buren, for the Presidency. At one time he represented this country in Russia; but afterwards returned and became one of the leading supPorters of Mr. Van lBure$'s Administration in the Senate. The election of General Harrison threw him into the Opposition. On Mr. Polk's election he left the Senate to become the Secretary for Foreign Affairs (who is the head of the Cabinet). While he was at the head of the Foreign-office the Oregon treaty was negotiated, the Mexican war begun and ended and California annexed. The free-trade tariff 1846 was also passed, and the Sub-Treasury Bill became a permanent law. On the election of Mr. Pierce, Mr. Buchanan was appointed to the English mnission, where he was principally occupied with the discussion of the Central American and the enlistment questions. Eis decided views as to the former shut the door for some months against the arbitration which has now been proffered by this Government. On the enlistment question he left room (to say the least) for a deduction that he was satisfied with Lord Clarendon's explanation of July last, although he disclaims any intention to convey such a meaning. Mr. BrecL-enridge is a young gentleman from Kentucky,who has represented the district in which Mir. Clay lived with satisfaction to the Democratic party. The nomination of these gentlemen is regarded as a condemnation of the present Administration by the Democratic party. Mr. Pierce was a candidate for re-election, and on the first ballot receiv~ed a plurality of the votes. Mr. Douglass. the author of of the Kansas-Nebraska Billwas 'the other principal candidate for the nomination. Both were passed by, and MIr. Buchanan put in nomination by the Conservative part of the party, to avoid the directness of the issue on the Nebrasla Bill. In my opinion this nomination has much the best chances for success. Two months ago I should not have supposed that there could be a possible doubt. But the state of things in Kansas, aud the violence upon Mr. Sumner, supported as it is by the Southern press, have added greatly to the Republican strength; and if the current moves on as it has been running for the last three weeks, Ishould think the result of the election dloubtfuL But there must be a great change in Pennsylvania, as well as a strengthening of the Republican party in some other States, before the Democratic ticket will be in any serious dan-ger, n mny opinion. The views of the Democratic party upon the foreign policy of the country may be gathered from the five resolutions passed by the Convention upon that subject. You will find them in the published proceedings of the Convention. They deserve attention as indicating a full endorsement of the later action of the Cabinet at Washington. They were not acceptable to the seaboard slave States, but were finally swallowed, and must now be considered as the proposed policy of the next Administration if the Democratic party succeed. Mr. Buchanan himself, it will be remembered, was the, principal member of the Ostend Conference. On the other hand, you will also remember that the same party in 1844, before the election, took ground for all of Oregon as well as Texas; and President Polk, after his election, put forth the doctrine that was expressed in the slaug of the day by " fifty-fourforty or fight." Mr. Buchanan was the Secretary of State when this was done, and was the same Secretary who afterwards negotiated the Oregon treaty, with the parallel of 49z for the boundary. And this, by-the-by, reminds me that that boundary lne has never yet been run, although the settlements are approaching it rapidly. Public attention has been so much occupied with the Convention and the Kansas troubles that not much has been said about the dismissal of Mr. Crampton. I fear it is impossible to make you undlerstand how these local matters override everything. The merchants of Boston and New York regard the Cincinnati Convention as a Conservative movement, and hope that it will prevent an interruption of diDlomatic relations between the two countries. It is the universal wish of all reflecting and influential persons that harmony may continue. The Central American difficulties are regardod as' the most difficudt to deal waith; and it is felt here that the instructions to Mr. Dallas open the way for a complete and satisfactory settlement; while, should the British Government decline negotiations and supend diplomatic intercourse, and should Mr. Buchanan, with his known views that " there is nothing to arbitrate," come intopower, it is believed that a settlement would be more difficult. I give you these, not as my own, but as the views entertained by most of the people with whom I have talked since the nomination. The Anti-Fillmore Know-nothing Convention meets in New York on the 12th, and the Republican Convention in Philadelphia on the 17th of this month.
1TALAN. LiTL%ATuRE. - The second and last lecture of Signor .Arrivabene, which was delivered yesterday afternoon, was, according to promise, chiefly occupied with remarks on Alfieri, and "readings,"from his works. The leeturer explained the humble condition of the Italian E drama in the middle of thela3st century, whenALferi was born, and the only tragedies that were placed by the side of the sweet hut effeminate effessons of Metastasio were the Arcropc of Maffei and the &fonisba of Trissino. He explained the influence of the French classical school upon the great Italan tragedian, and his desire to imitate theancient models, and by way of illustrating that extreme conciseness which is one of Alfieri's chief characteristics and sometimes degenerates into baldness, he xead a few lines from the Pitippo, where the king in the fewest possible words conveys his suspicions to his confident Gomez. The more important extracts 'were two scenes from the &rul and the Oitar5a, which 'were admirably declaimed. As a sort of substitutefor the tragedy Bo&smundd Signor Arrivabene read a "h bulata" by G.rzation the famoLs supper ofAlboin, in'which, asin the drama, the Clytemnestra of I,on,bard history is the - principal figre. He then introduced a fewr observations on the genius of Madame Ristori, which, he said, is the more remarkable, as Italy offers but few opportunities for a dramatic talent that is not liL-ewis operatic. By an easy transition he passed to the state of his country, 'her claims on Europe, as the leader in modern civilization, and the hopes she placed in Piedmont as the focas of her future regeneration. This patriotic conclusion. was usttered in a strain of manly and fervid eloquence that completely took the audience by surprise; for, thonh they had already acknowledged the talent of Signor Arrvabene asa- spirited declaimer of the 'writing of others, they had weto learn that hewas a msterly orator, 'with words of his own. They took leave of h3m with the strongest marlee of .apprbtrien.ilx
7OUBT CIRrCZAR. - Thex Queen, attended by the Duchess of A&tholl and Lord Charles -Fitzray, v~Ied her Poyal Highness the Duchess of Glocester yesterday afte.Yn at Glocester-house. Her'Mjesty afterwarad tool- a drive ?rithPnince A-Mthur and one of th,ounger Princesses. Pr i hne Consort, with the Prince of 'W ig ai l j&tr T he Regent of adeden pad Ptince FredeofkGlocester, theDachess honoured tbe Duke and Duchesfa Of Sutherlansd with a visit at StaBTordh-house yeerday Ponceg. Psind C Albertaterwardswentto- the industri&a Exhbition of articles made in thne at adrfgof the united 3cingdoin; at lissrcn:inPreet, Fred Royal Higlhene, ottendea by Colonel the Hons. C. B.-thipps and Captain the Hon. r. do Rds, left Brukinghanm Palace EoDn ater Z o'clock- in the afternoon to. Mesiddo at the annual nieeting Of the Windsor Royal Awocia,tion in the Home Fisk, and to distribute the eo . of The Prince traveled by the South-WestrrColo a. The Regent of Baden paid visits to take leave yesterday to their ioya.l Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, theDuches of Glocester, the Dches of Cambridge, and theof Dake off Cambridge, at their respective residences The Duk-e of Cambridge visited the Prince Regent at Buckiughain PIalace, and Count Esrnstorf, the Prussiay Miniser, paid' his ri-spects to his RoyRl Highness. Prinee Frederick Willaux of Prussia, attended by Baron. soltke and Colonel Francis Seymour,- visited the British Institution in Pall Mall, and also inspected the Gallery of the New Society of Painters an Water Colours. The Qaeen had dinner varty in the evenng. The eompany includedtheir Roya ghinesse theDuchess ofeKent, thePrlincessRoyaltheRegentofBaden.andPiin.eFrederjc- William of Prussia; the Duk. e and Da.hess of Argyll. the Marquis and Marchioness of Abercorn,.Lady River MajorGeneral Sir Williani Fenwic. Williams, General Sir Hew D). Ross, General Sir GeorgeBrown, Major-General Wylde, Lady Anna Maria Dawson. Baroness de Spueth, and the Hon. Mortimer SackviIle West. The band of, the Grenadier Guards was in attendanof and played during dinner. Her Xajesty' private handl performed in the evening thLe following compositions Oyertr,e. Nero. X eIrcder. DMxetto, "Zora" . .1,D a1. 1 Selection, " Ls TraviW rate.l.. viale, .an ie .. ". . ( ierolf t A deputation- onstheisgbjocthof folloa1web2ers of th had an interview wiith Lord Stanley of Alderley yesterday at the Board of Trade. The depntation consisted of the Hon.oI G. Liddell, MrP., Mer. Ingham,nL)P., Mr.Ather.n ton, ALP., Mr. John Forster, M.P., Mr. lalowbray, Do.P.. Lord A. Vane Tempest, MEr. Ridley. fd.P., Mr. Beaumont, LP., MD . Shafto, gher, Mr. Farrer. MlP., lord 0s--slun. ?sLP., Mr. Fenwich-, hLP., Mr. D). Jonassohu, Mr. N. wood, t un., Mr. William Page, nr. William tilnes, Mr. J. T. Wawn (carman of the Shipowners' Society Off South. Shields), and Mr. J. T. Alcock (chairman of the Ship., owners' Society of Sunderland). A deputation, consisting of the following members of the Board of Mansgement of the Central London District School-viz., Mr. Wehiteside (Vice-Chairman), T r. hbornt ton, M r. Conder, Mr. Lane, Mr. g nlay, Mr. Dedd, andS Mr. Dalton, together -with M. Rowlell, the Clerk, -had anrinterviewth the Pthtoor law Boamrd in witeha,l on the subject of the proposed new school buildings. The Committee of the lords of the Privy Counie l l et yesterday toth consider 1the reportothe Oxford statutes. Presenutath Enighte Hon. Sr We.re Grey, T. P,embertot. igh, MP., T i. lames,Dr. lu too M, and SPence. J. CP day withci the ommght eeHon.tWilliam y Council sat yesterodaye;o the Geearalnoar of Heath WhitioehLngai', with deputationwa consisted, ofd Mr. W. Brown,h MP,Mr.ro3.tC day; the hearing ofevdfo the petitiGovernor of Ceylor yesterday at the Colonial-office.
WxsraySTER SCHOOL CRBN MEMORIAMBYesterday a crowded meetin' of noblemen and gentlemem educated at Westminster School was held to consider what memorial should be. raised to Old Westminnsters who died in their country's service during the late war-namely, Field-Marshal Lord Raglan, G.C.B.,Lieutenant-General Markham, C.B. ; Captain F. H. Dymock, 95& Regiment; Lieutenant W. . jordan, 34tk Regiment; lieutenant E. H. Somerville, 23d Fusileers; Lieutenant F. Borough, Rifle Brigade; Charles Madan, midshipman, Her MajesWs ship Sanspareil; and Deputy Assistant-Commissary F. Heuty. The meeting took place in the School-room, Deau's-yard. Field-Mar Lord Combermere presided, and thero were present the MarqIs of Westminster, Lord Barrington, MP., lora Charles Russell, the Bishop of St. Asaph, the Bishop of Moray znd Ross, Xr. Granville Vernon, M.P., Mr. B. B. Cabbell, MP., Sir W. Wynn, Bart M P., Sir Walter Stirling, Sir F. Roe, Mr. Mowbray, li.P., Sir G. Osborne, Bart., the Rev. Dr. Herbert Xynaston, High Master of St Paul's, Mr. Slade. Q.C., the Rev. Messrs. C.B. Scott, Head Master of Westminster, C. W. Page, T. W. Weare, A. Bor. radaile, &c. From the Marquis of Lanadowne and the Earl of Stafford apologies for absence were received. After as appropriate tibute from the chairman to the gallat officers who had fallen during the late .war it iwas agreed, on the motion of the Bishop of St. Asaph, seconded by Viscount Barrington, that there should be a memorial to them. A committee was then appointed to consider of the most appropriate mnemorial which could be adopted, The following gentlemen form the committee:The Duke of Richmond, lord C. Russell, Mhr. S. Banks Stanhope, M.P., the Bishop of Ripon, the Bishop of St. Asaph, Lord George Paget, the Duke of Bedford, Lord John Russell, Ml.., the Marquis of Westminster, Mr. Justice Williams. Lord Barrington, the Rev. C. Page, the Earl of Strafford, Viscount Combermere, Mr. J. G. PhUlimore, M..P.,Mr.G. Vernon, MP., Archdeacon Bentinclr, Sir H. Rowe, the Earl of Shelburne, the Dean of Christ. church, Mr. S. Cocks, M.P., the Rev. C B. Soott, &c. RAtxRnxrOOn.-A singular accident, fortunately unattended-with fatal consequences, occurred to a labouring man in Hartlepool on Tueeday. The man, named Johlr Douthy, was engaged at the excavation for the main sewer running through the centre of the marLet-place. The sewer at this spot is about 12ft. deep, lOft. being con.- posed of sand-the sea having- in former times covered the spot. The sides of the sewer were supported by horizontal battens, with a few inches space between each, evidently not sufficiently secure for the dangerous nature of the ground. About 20 minutes past 5 o'clock a portion of the shoring planks gave way, owing to their insuflici6ft nature and to the weight of a large quantity of the excavated sand lying upon the edge of the sewer, The man Douthy was completely entombed beneatiL the sand and earth that fell in, and his destruction was deemed inevitable. As speedily at possible a n ber of labourers were set to work to removethedebrlj,' and in a short time they had the satisfaction of heaing thet poor fellow speak to them, though he could not be seen by them. In about half an hour his head was cleared, and some spirit poured into his mouth. By this time the news had spread like wildfire through the town, and some thou.- sands of people pressed around the spotr opsiderablyincrek~ ilg the danger of a further fall of earth, and taxing the utmost energies of the police in keeping a clear spae. B dint of great exertions, in the midst of which three or four slipis of earth took place, a ouantity of shoring pla iks-wad drven into te ground to keep the earth from pressing upop the man, whose body oas relased from its paonful positiow about 7 o'clock, hut one foot remained entangled under a portion of the wvoodwvork, and defied the immense exertions made for its release. Fresh shores were driven in, and lqar levers employed to relieve the pressure, but all wvaaunav.I ing-,and it was proposed, as a. last resource, to cut awy' large portion of the earth immediately behind the shorungwhich prerented the removal of the foot, and cause the unpleasant grospect of spending a whole "night in the trenches." This idea was, however,- abandoned, and, a fresh attemptbeing made, the poor fellow-was released, apparentl little the worse for his long incarceration, at about half-et 10 o'clock, having passed fire weary hours in his unconfort. able position. M. AGum 'S CONCxaT.-M Ag-Uilars conoerA was held yesterday afternoon at the Hanover-square Itoomg. The programme was well selected, and the music -rers choice. Madame Viardot Garcia was in excellent voice, and her interpretation of the various styles of music in which she sang, as usual, faultless. Ernst played his exonisite allegrctto and neuurno. Of . Aguil's own delic of touch we cannot speak too highly, and his trio, was performed for the first time, was received with ret applaFuse. The concert wras fashionablyand fuilly attedea. DAxnSG ]3UnOLAIY.-At about 3 o'cloc'k on Tuesday morning Prestonfield-house, near Edinburgh, the seat of Sir W. Dick Cunyngham, s entered by three mep, who had evidently obtained acceby brealing a window in the portico, and, through it, opening the front door. fii ranging through the house, tbeir movements startled one of the ladies, who, in the reflectionof anmirroronhertoilettable, observed one of them come and carry off a gold watch, which was lying on a table in an antechamber. The lady, with remarkable preeence of mind, arose quiclly and dressed, and, finding assistance no neaer at hand-the male inmates of the house being from home-proceoded to the house of the eo.chman, and, returning with him, they observed one of the thieves leave the house. The coachman immediately grappled him; but, takiDng a life preserrer from his breast, the burglar struck him so -severey on tbo face that he was obliged to let go his hold, and -the delinquent having givenl the signal to his two associatee, they-<R eseaped. One of the latter was pussuedby the butler, wben he naped a pistol in his face. The property stolen was of inconssderable value, excepting the gold wfatch. -The samie night twro houses in the -immediate neighbourthood were -attempted to be er,tered, blt uscce3ssfly. V
FOBEIGN INTELLIGBNCE. FRANCE. (IOX OUxL OWN OORReO1rXD=s.1 [A portion f the foUowig &ppeAed 1u our second edition of eardA&r-l PARTS, WzDn-EsDAY, Juszi 18, 6 p.m. The general opinion here is, that the American question will lead to no further difference of any serious kind between the United States and England,if it ought not rather to be considered as nearly -ettled, unless the party to gain whose applause President Pierce is said to have acted as he has done folow up its victcry and administer a still ruder esson. 'fhe term saffront" or "humiliation" may be thought too strong, accompanied as the dismissal o! our Minister is by assurances of goodwill towards the British people, and respect to the Sovereign; but it is imxozsib!e to affirm that the expulsion of the person who was the representative of that Sovereign is a thing to be over-proud of, in what terms soever it be disguised. It is true that the proceeding of the American Government towards 3fr. Cgampton is not of the outrageous kind prect:sed towards Sir Henry Bulwer by the Spanish Government in 1848. It is exactly eight years since this last "affront" was offered to the Queen of England in the person of her representative; and two such experiments on a nation, before half the second lus!rzem is completed, are quite sufficient to trst its patience or its prudence. Let us hope that the third tiial wil come from the hands of the King of the Two Sicilies, and that he may be tempted, in a fit of liveliness, to imitate his betters, and some fine morning send Sir W. Temple his 1-assports, as we might then make some one expiate the sins of General Narvaez and Dlr. Marcy,. totether with his own. You will easily. suppose that this affair has furnished a topic of much interest among the various circles in 1'aris. The arguments lnvo and con. are discussed with as much fairless as one could expect on such an occasion. The complainits of the Americans themselves (and this is not the first time they are heard) seem by persons who are by no means unfavourable to us to be not entirely wsithout foundation. The Americans complain that while they take care to send the very best men they can get to represent the Great Republic at London and Paris, England and France almost invariably select men of inferior capacity and official standing, whom they would hardly venture to accredit to any Court in Europe which pretends to a rank among first-rate States. They maintain that America has a right to claim that title, and, though utterly inditlerent to silly questions of etiquette, 'which not rarely occur in the diplomacy of the old Courts, they expect that men of serious character, and possessing due weight in public life, should be sent to them. They complain that proper care is not always taken by either England or France m this respect; they say they cannot be expected to have much respect for a mere trifler, and they think they should not be obliged to receive persons who, from one cause or the other, would be objected to by the more important Courts of Europe. Such complaints were heard before the unfortunate occurrence in which Mr. Crampton is concerned. Then, again, we aretold how much better it would be had the British Government spared itself this unpleasant incident by recalling Mir. Crampton before matters had been carried to an extremity. We are reminded that Lord Clarendon has up to almost the last moment done for that gentleman what Lord Palmerston did in 1848 for Sir Henry Buldwer; that he defended him throughout, though he must have been aware of the whole of the circun2stances, not excepting those which are now considered strong enough to mitigate-I will not say justify-the harsh measure of expulsion. The Americans say, that even supposing they deserve the charges about their aggressive spirit and their disregard of the rights of others which are brought against them, yet they constitute nevertheless a powerful nation, and are quite as much entitled to respect from other Governments in these matters, as for instance Russia, who is not characterized by disinterestedness or moderation in her relations with her weaker neighbours, but towards whom there is shovwn no such indifference in the selection of diplomatic agents. Howy far these complaints are well founded you can judge better tihan I can ; but it is well that they should not- be passed over in silence. Tlhey have probably been brought to the knowledge of our Government before this, and may have a proper effect in the selection of a successor to Mr. Crampton. In the case of .L Isturitz, who represented Spain in England at the period of Sir Henry Bulwer's c.mpulsory departure from Madrid, that gentleman was, I believe, merelv informed by Lord Palmerstoin that he might leave England as soon as he thought proper, but I doubt whether his passports were sent to him unasked. The Spanish Govern- er.t condescended to send Count Mirasol, atthe same time that Sir H. Bulwer left Madrid, with documents purporting to establish the charges brought against him, and, of course, to justify the very sunmary proceeding practised towards him. Lord Palmerston positively refused to look at the documents or to receive the bearer, and the Spanish Government persisted in refusing to receive backthe agent they had expelled, and contented themselves with giving assurances of goodwill, respect, &c., just as the Cabinet of Washington now does. With aU this, it is the opinion, even of our friends, that it would be well, if England mean to retain the pcsition she has long occupied in the estimation of fole`gn nations, that such thin-gs slhould not too often occur. They believe that even England can h ardly afford to have her representatives frequently dismissed by foreign Governments after such a fsshion, -whether that dismissal be softened down by a courteous mode of procedure, as in the present instance, or whether it be aggravated by insult in manner and in language, as in the other case. The Rornanus si'm was not alone for the benefit of Don Pacifico. It records a noble privilege, and, vhen used by a British Minister, the analogy it suggests ouoht to remind British subjects rather of the Rcrmans of old than of their degenerate descendants. The following are the remarks of our old Fusionist friend the Assenmblie.Nationale on the dismissal oE Mr. Crampton:- "Scarcely has Mr. Crampton set foot on British soil than he is openly disavowed by those to whom he has intrasted the defence of his public character and of his honour, tarnished in a cause which was that of his country. He is accused of levity, he is declared to be incapable of the functions intrusted to his management, and he has returned to london in order to he present at the triumph of Mr. Dallas. These accusations are not only strange in existing circumstances; they appear to us (we may be permitted to say en 2assant) supremely unjust. In mixing himself up with this miserable question of recruits Mr. Crampton only followed the instructions of his Government, as the whole world knows. It was not only in America that England directed her agents and consuls to procure for her men who were willing to exchange their blood for her guineas. The same instructions were given to her agents in Italy and Germany, and we have witnessed their results. Mr. Crampton only followed the general instructions given. This was declared solemnly by the English Government a3 long as there existed hope of his remaining in Washington. To-day Mr. Crampton is only a compromised instrument, which it is desirable to get rid of. 'H e is an unsteady man, all of whose acts cannot be justified.' With reepect to the affront offered him, after all that has been written and said in his defence by the 3inis. ters of Her Majesty, the insult does not, it is true, affect him alone; it rebounds on the Governinent and the country which he represented. But then it was offered with so many forms, and was accompanied with advantageous offers Everything can therefore be arranged for the best. Banchester will not be short of cotton, and here exists, beyond mistake, the whole secret. England is under the dependency of the United States, and 'Rnle Britannia' is forgotten when it is neces sary to procure the article indispensable for the life of its population ! It is far from our intention to blame the prudence, the circumspection, and even the hwmiLty of the Government and statesmen of Englandwhich are commanded in the name of sdch great interests. Int nevertheless we will permit ourselves to remark that the spectacle offered by the British Administration by no * means corresponds with the idea. we had formed of a great Government. This moderation, this patience, pushed to the limits of abnegation, in the presence of a cool and prem=editated insult; this desertion of an agent who was declared up to the last moment worthy of responsibility ; this ,aciIity of turning and of viewing matters in their best ligbt, astonishes us above alL But, after all, the honour at Etake is not our own, and it is not for us to take it under on protection-" I have already mentioned that a project of law on the Regency was yesterday communicated to the Senate. The Senaate is a body whose deliberations ste, as you are aware, conducted with closed doors. 3uficient has transpired, however, to enable me to u that the project in question proposes the Era- press as Regent, in case of the Emperor's demise, assisted by a Council of Regency, named by the Emnperor in a letter wYhich is to remain closed until that event. In case of the Empresis's demise the nearest relative of the Emperor is tobe Regent, but only until such time as the Senate shall have nameda Council of Regency; but the Emperor still reservesthe right of a previous nomination, which will supersede that of the Senate. The Co7nstituiio4mel has the following on thesubject.- " Sinoe the period of Anne of Austria France has kciown only one regency. This was not confided to a woman; it reposed neither on the heart of a mother nor on the devotion of a wife; it was exercised by a Prince of the bloodit was that of the Dluke of Orleans during the minority of Louis XV. The traces it left in history are remembered. It will certainly not be such reminisences or examples that will lead to a preference of regencies of men over regencies of women. Beyond a doubt, some of the latter have been full of daugers and intrigues; they have been often exposed to trials and struggles. But was not that a consequence of the fact that they protected the legitimacy of the throne and the authority of the King? Whatever maybe the opinion respecting Catherine de Medicis, can it be believed that the person of her son would have been in safer hands if intrusted to the Duke de Guise? Since the forgotten time of Aix de Charapagne to the period illustrated by Anne of Austria, all the mothers governing in the names of their sons have encountered the hostility of the powerful nobility or of the Princes of the b'ood. Is not this hostility the most eloquent plea in favour of female regencies ? When it is seen that lower had so great an attraction in the eyes of Princes of the blood and of those nobles that they threw themselves into revolt in order to obtain possession of it by violence, who could assert that they ,would not have been led by an irresistible ambition to transform their regencies into an actual possession of the throne ? Events of a lasting nature are only the manifestations of genuine sentiments. The first Kimgs of France. derived from nature itself the motives which deternined them to intrust the protection of the sacred in, terests of the son to the sagacity or love of the mother. Who would show more vigilance in defending the interests which are her own than the mother acting under the inspiration of a boundless devotion? Who better than the mother, listening to the dictates of her heat, guided by her tenderness, can labour to shield the throne of - her son from all perils by endeavouring to maintain for him at the same time the integrity of power and the affection of his people? Custom alone consecrated the principle of the old mcnarchy, which intrusted the regency to the hands of the mether who-governed the State during the minority of theson. Bnt if this custom has had, during centuries charac. tes ized by so many changes and struggles, all tho strength -of. a national law, it is in consequence of its being justified. by. the highest considerations of State." General Niel, Colonel Labadie, and Doctor Bandens have returned to Marseilles from the Crimea in the Sinai steampacket. A battalion of the 21st Regiment of the Line, another of the 26th, 1,200, artfillerymen, and other military passengers, formingt together 2,200 mnen, have arrived at Marseilles fromthe East, in the war steamer Veloce, the steampackets Sinai and Normandie, and the American three-master Celestial Breeze. The liner Tourvile with 1,266 troops, the steam frigate Vauban with 9,6, the English three-master Balance, and the Atstrian vessel Zia MtIaria, with 992 men and 78. horses, also entered Mlarseilles, coming from. anamiesch, on the 15th and 16th inst. The Patbie publishes the following, dated Hamburg, 18th inst. "The Sarah Briant, the first American vessel which has' entered Elsinore, coming from the Baltic and on her way to7 New York, was obliged to pay the Sound dues. Captain Jefferson officially protested." The following pr.vate telegraphic despatches have been received -1 MABSR.TTJ T , Tu-,- 17.- "The Indus bas just arrived, -with accounts from Con,tantinople to the 9th. "The JournaZ de Constantinople states, but without guaranteeing the fact, that the Russians before giving uy Bayazid destroyed the fortifications of that place. "The Council of State, with regard to the recruiting of the Christians, has decreed that a sum of money may be3 paid in lieu of serving, in order to relieve the penury the Treasury. "The evacuation was going on with great activity. Bala-- klava was to be completely clear by the 15th. " Letters from Tenedos state that the young son of the French Consul had been assassinated by some of the inhabitants.' "ATHENS, Jbx-N 11. "In qonsequence of the late acts of brigandage comniitted on the road from the Pireus, the Government has ordered a rigid inquiry, which has put the authorities on the trace of relations which appear to exist between the brigands and different personages at Athens. The Ministry have ex-. pressed their determination to punish the guilty. " The lMoniteur Grec denies the account published by tne Morning Post, that Lord Palmerston. had been burnt in effigy, and states that this is not the first time that journal bas been led into error by its correspondent." Cardinal Patrizzi, the Pope's Legate, received at 11 o'clock yesterday morning in his apartments at the Palace of the Tuileries visits from the body of Archbishops and Bishops of France. Cardinal de Bonald, Archbishop of Lyons, in the name of his colleagues, expressed the attachment and devotion of the French clergo to the Holy See and to the successor of St. Peter. After some compliments had passed, Cardinal Bonald begged his Eminence to lay at the feet of Bis Holiness the unanimous wishes of the Archbishops and Bishops of France relative to the celebration of the fete of the Sacre Cceur and the beatification ofthevenerable religievse of Paray-le-Monial, who had specially contributed to the institution of that fete. The Legate replied that he wrould report faithfully to the Pope the wishes of the French Bishops, and also the marks of veneration and affection vhich they had shown towards His Holiness, and expressed his conviction that the HolyFather would be deeply touched at it, his heart being so full of sympathy for the clergy of France. The preceding day the Legate, accompanied by N. Feuillet des Conches, had visited the Cardinals and several members of the French Cabinet. The sums received up to this time by the Prefect of Police and the different journals for the sufferers by the inmundations amount to 2,334,020f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 15c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 25c. ; and the New Loan at 71f. 40c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,365f.; Great Northern, 1,110f.; Strasburg, 937f. 50c. ; Now Shares, 850f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,470f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1.f675f. ; Westernof France, 925f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 760f.; Great Central of France, 64-5f. Lyons and Geneva, 780f.; Bank of Crddit Mlobilier, 1,755f.; Austrian Railways, 885f. Cours Aiuthentigm-PApLs, June 18.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto not reimbursable for 10 years, 93f. 93f. 2.5c. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (C0 per cent. paid), 93f.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 93f.; Three per Cents., 70f. SOc. 71f. lOc.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. Naid), 70f£ 90c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 70. 90c.; Bank of France, 4,050f. ; Credit Foncier, 6SOf. 690f. ex. div. ; ditto Obliga. tions of 500£, Four per Cents., 445f. ; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., 82f. 50c. SOf. ; Proni. Obligations of 1,000£, Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,745f. 1,755f.; Discount Bank, 696f.- Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 92f 50c. * Belgian Four-and. a-Half per Cents., 96 i; Romans, S5t ; SpanishDeferred Converted, 2Sj, a; ditto Interior Debt. 411 . Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c.; three months, money, 2af. 2',c. R3USSIA. (FRO'A OUlR nEznr COnzSrONDENET.) BERLIN, Ju.NE 17. In confirmation of some information which I forwarded you the day before yesterday as to the attention the Russian Government is now devoting to the development of its naval resources on the Siberian coast of the Pacific Ocean, we receive to-: day the intimation from St. Petersburg, that "for the purpose of furthering and developing the Rtissian naval power in the Pacific Ocean, the administration, building, armament, and fitting out of the fleet and harbours there, are confided to the independent control of the Governor-General of Eastern Siberia." Admiral-General Prince Menschikoff, who had retired into private life and quiet at an estate he possesses near MIoscow, has been unexpectedly summoned to St. Petersburg by command of the Grand Duke Constantine, and arrived there on the 10th inst. He has since then had several audiences of the Grand Duke, and it is believed that these conferences have reference to a mrilitary expedition soon about to be undertaken. The management of the affairs of the kingdom of Poland, which for so mnany years past had been confided to the zeal and energy of the Minister Turkull, who within the last few days has died in Warsaw, will in al probability be divided in fuiture and committed to two or more officers of State; hat portion of the business which has no reference to he internal administration of the kingdom wil probably remain in the hands of Count GolenischtscheffKutusoff, to whom it was intrusted, astheMinistee's 1ocum tenes, during his journey to Warsaw in at-t tendance on the Emperor. In St. Petersburg it has not escaped obser ation that the Poles are by no means satisfied with the very small amount of favour and acts of grace that the present Emperor has as yet exhibited towards them; the high and' over-sangume expectations they had formed at: the time of his accession as to what he would do fot. them had, it istrue,hadampletimetocooldownbefore his long looked-for visit to Warsaw took place; but they were by no means prepared for the minkmum of Imperial favour manifested in the so-called, amnesty. In Government circles attention is beings turned therefore to the discovery of such cheap, marks of Imperial goodwill as can be shown to the Poles without infringing on the principles which; the Government has for so long a time past been1l consistently acting upon. Among these pro-? jects for assuaging the disappointment of the nation is the plan of creating a Polish division of the Guard. This plan was already on a former" occasion realized, under the auspices of Alexander I., which doubtless has furnished the precedent anad the suggestion on the present occasion; and very possibly, also, the very speedy disbanding of the; COrp3 under the same monarch will also furnish another precedent for a similar course under' Alexander I.L The Chancellerie of the Governor-General of St.' Petersburg has just notified to all persons who may be desirous of travelling abroad, that it has been observed that the applications for passports, however n-amerous, are always made by some few persons applying in the name of many others; that this .has given rise to the inference that these persons get their living by representing the obtaining a passport as a matter of great difficulty, and then getting, themselves intrusted with the commission to overcome these difficulties for a consideration. The public is therefore informed that passports are to be had every day, except holydays, on the day of application; the applicants arerequested to appear in person, unless prevented by illness; the passport costs onlythe amount of the dutyonpassportsand50copecs f'or the printed form. This duty on passports has to be paid by all Russian subjects, with the exception of merchants, members of the Imperial Academy of Arts, and invalided military men, with their families and servants; foreigners of all sorts are also exempted from the payment of this duty. It is expressly stated that there are no other chargea over and above these two. 'This notification will of course, stand grievously in the way of the passport brokers, who have so long practised on the credulity of their countrymen. It would' appear, however, that passports are not on: all occasions to be obtained for mere application; they are sometimes withheld altogether, sometimes accompanied by restrictions; as, for instance, the'passport lately issuedto amercha.nt of Revel, " good. for Antwerp," where it was his intention to open' a branch establishment, wvith the restriction, "butnot for frequent travelling to and fro between Antwerp and Russia." In co;mmercial letters from Russia it frequently occurs now that men in business advise their, friends here to send thither their sons or other': youthful relations to make themselves acquainted with the course of business in that country, with a view to the proeoetion and profit of the parties sending them. This is-more particularly inculcated on all persons intending to open commercial relations' in any ports of the Black Sea or Sea of Azoff." A knowledge of the local arrangements-in short, what is called a knowledge of the place, is described to be- mora necessary there than elsewhere; where this ' knowledge does not exist it is found that the difficulties and' hin-. drances thrown in -the way of trade 'are 'sonumerous, the costs 'and commission charaedby the various agents so enormous, that the, best conceived speculation can hardly produce & profit. The only course that offers any chance of: I advantage is to have a confidential agent out there, to whom consignments can be made. The Emperor returned to St. Petersburg in 'the evening of the 11th instant, 'on board the steamerj Alexandra. On his landing at the English Quay' he was received very enthusiastically by the multitude assembled. SARDINIA. (ROJM OUR OWN 6ORBlsi,Ol4DENT.) TURIN, JUNE 15. To-day there has been a grand review in Turin of all the troops returned from the Critnea, in order that they might receive from the hands of King Victor Emmanuel the medals sent them by the Queen of England, and deposit inthe Royal Armoury the ensigns given to the provisional regiments that were formed for the Crimean expedition by draughts from each regiment in the service. At an early: hour the troops were assembled on the Place d'Armes from different parts of' the kingdom, to the number, as I was understood, of 15,000 men of all arms-Engineers, Artillery, Cavalry, Infantry, Sailors, and Marines-the whole being under the command of General della Marmora. On one side of the Place d'Armes an amphitheatre had been erected, having a chapel in the centre, and a' series of pavilions extending on either side for the accommodation of the Royal family, the Ministers, the diplomatic and other bodies, and for the public in general. They were all tastefully adorned with appropriate emblems and devices, and embellished 'wifli the united flags of the allies and various ensigns of the House of Savoy. Facing this the troops were drawn up in-fourhlines, and when His M;ajesty came on the ground, about 9 o'clock, he first passed down each line of troops, and then, followed by a brilliant cortge, placed himself in front of the chapel, but without dismounting. In the suite of the King were the French, English, and Turkish Ministers, and the. latter, not' being aware that it is His' Majesty's custom to ride 'fast up to his point, and then pull up dead short, was unprepared for so suidden a termination to his canter, and consequently, when the King halted about 20 yards from the chapel, the Turkish Minister was seen, to the astonishment of most people, and the no. smaU amusement of the King himself, to shoot past Royalty, and apparently land his horse an easy w-inner by a couple of lengths for this grand :nilitary steeplechase. At the conclusion of the Mass, which was followed by the chaunting of the Ambrosian Hymn, accompanied by a salute of 21 guns from a neighbouring battery, the King proceeded to where the troops were by this time formed in close columns, and read them the following speech "Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Soldiers.- It is scarcely a year~ since I took leave of you with regret at not being able to bear you company in your memorable expedition. Now I rejoice to see you again, and tell you you have deserved well of the country. 4CYou have worthily answered my expectations and the hopes of the country; you have kept your word to our powerful allies, who to-day give you a solenui testimonial of it. Firm under the calamities which afflicted some of you, intrepid in the trials of war, always disciplined, you have increased the power and the fame of this strong and beloved part of 'Italy. "I take again the colours which I consigned to you, and which you have brought back victorious from the East. I will preserve them as records of your fatigues, and as aI *sacred pledge, that whenever honour and the interest of the nation oblige me to return them to you, they will be by yau. -as ever, on the field of battle, both equally well defended and illustrated by new glories.", After the King's speech His Majesty distributed the medals to the superior officers of each regiment, and they were by them distributed to the junior 'officers and soldiers, and then the whole defiled past the King, continuing their march afterwards to the' Piazza Castello, where the whole, with the exception of the waggop train, artillery waggons, and am- balance corps, were massed to witness the depo- I sition of the colours. When the ceremony- of depositing the colours was concluded the troops returned by a different route (so that the public might have a better opportunity of seeing them) to the Place d'Armes, where they bivouacked, and had provisions served out' to them by the! municipality of Turin, while the officers were entertained by the same body in a large tent, and j by 6 o'clock in the evening all the regiments not I destined for garrison duty were on the way to their! respective quarters. ' -'I A militaryfesta here is qcuite a difflerent iffair from any display of the kind in England. ItWIDuufd be absurd, perhaps, to say. the people' are1more warlike, because no civilized 3iatidn probablyis-. posi*tively fond of war, thoughli nbone are averw .PO-its pomp and circumstance biut the habits and &e'linags of the people-'are traditionally of a military turn, and the. coisoiption:and- National-Guard not only' tend to develope those feelng, but unite the citizen and the soldier by ties unfelt in countries where men only adopt the profession of arms by choice, instead of assuming. it as a birthright. It is no exaggeration to say, therefore, that from this niilitary organization every man in Piedmont feels foi the regular army as if he belonged to it, wh-etherhe :does se .or. not, and that the sympathies of the whole, nation are identified with the sColdiery. The effect of this fellow-feeling was fully exemplified to-day in the reception of the Crimean army in tho capital of the kingdom. Every house along the line of march of the troops through the town was decorated with flags or tapestry, or whatever else the inhabitants could bring forth to do honour to the occasion, and every window was occupied by persons-chiefly of the fairer sex, of course-who were well supplied with bouquets, which they threw to the soldiers as they *ent by. The cheering and clapping of hands as each detachment passed Was most enthusiastic, and none came in for a larger share of applausethan the, sailors and marines. Of, the appearance of the army it is unnecessary to say more than that, it completely sustained its feputation for every soldierlike quality, and, fortu- iately, the English public is now aware, through the means of your correspondence from the Crimea, of the real merits of these gallant troops. As to the medals distributed to-day, they appear have been thoroughly appreciated, if one may judge from the remarks publicly expressed by both soldiersandcivilians, andcertainly, from my own experience, in walking through the bivouack after the review, I can say that every man seemed proud of his decoration, and was generally surrounded by. a knot of admiring acquaintances, who seemed equally gratified an& nmuch struck with its intrinsic 2as well as moral value. Both officers and men speak ih glowing terms of their English allies, and the kindness they received from them in the Crimea and on board ship. andcthey look, on these honours from our Queen as an additional bond of union betweenthe two armies. BELGIUM. The printer of the Brussels jounal La Natont has been sentenced to one year's imprisonment, 1,000f. fiie, and costs, for a libellous article agoainst her Imperial and Royal Highness the Duchess of Brabant.
THE GUARDS IN THE CRIEA.I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-EI the letter of your correspondent of the 3d ofi June, which-yobu ublish to'day, he makes some remarks,' wel deserved, I tinrk, upon the distinguished services of the Brigade of:Guards' dmrung the war in the Crimea. But i "he nakes a veir importint omission, which, if left hunsup- I plied, would much detract from those services; and I am: .smnprised that one usually 'o well informed should have left' 'ins accqunt so imperfect in this instance. He says that; after hikermann "the brigade was so exhausted that it: was unable to carry on the duty in the trenches, and could' -oby furniqshthe pickets along thle Thkermaunridge." After* describing their sufferings from sickness during the winter, he says :-" At last the brigade was threatened vith annihi]ation; the remnant wlhich was left was moved down to -Basklava,. and there it remained till after June 1S, &6.' This- account would' lead 'the public to imagine that the Bricde of Guards did lijO trench -duty from after the battle of Inkermann ,tiU after the 18th bf June, 185. The fact: is that as soop as the draughts, which were sent out from England imnmediatey on the heavy losses in that'battle' being known, arrived in the Crimea, the brigade again be-' :gan to furnish men forthe service in the trenches in the ,tamLeproportionito&its stiength as was done by the rest Iof; --the array, and-continued .t6 do so till the 23d of February, *4wiensthe inen fit:for duty being reduced to abolit l0, it w9S"moved- down -to -Balaklava; as' your correspondent .'relatesr-Uheterriblesickness and mortality whichsore. duce4 it-tookpIace i4ttlat time, chiefly ambng the draughts: .wliicharriir6dinDbec&onber, and wlhich fromthe exigenciesk 4of,tie-lrse eteent&-e'rathe-trenches in the severest put' .of tbe;interfrnd,-bei - inacclimated, sank undet the ex- posreMndhara *ork to an extent'which all the care and erertions bestved upiori them failed to arrest. I ho1ejyou.trill fz^ud rooni for this lettet at your earliest ci ienc 'e- . - - . ..- i i: T .n ; rann-_ nhsAt,n4. t o t contr - - . A GUAEDZAN. June 18.
APPEALS I-HOUSE OF LORDS. Ju.x 19. THE CALXDOlNTAN AID D'DMIBARTONSHED ISAILWAy COM0 PAhY V. TEE HLElNSBURGHI HARBOUP. TRWSTER3 AyI SITP J-4mr:q covoTnT1TO- This was an appealagainst certain judgrments of the Court of Session in Scotland, pronounced in an action wherein the town-council of flelensburgh and Sir James Colquhoun were the plaintiffs, and the Caledonian and Dambartonghire Isilwvay Companies were the defendants. It appeared that m 1845 the present appellants, in opposition to another railway company, were anxious to obtain a bill for maidng a line through Dnmbirtonslire to Helensbargh, a town situated on the Firth of Clyde, and of which Sir James Colquhoun was the- superior. The rival companies -were each desirous of securing the co-operation of Sir James Colquhonn and the authorities of Helensburgh and thus avoid a Parliamentary opposition on their part. The formation of a pier was an object of importance both to the inhabitants of the town and to the xailway company, and an agreement was accordingly entered into between the appe)lants and the respondents, by -which it was arranged that the company was to pay the costs and expenses already incurred in forming a quay, and to erect a new pier, at an expense of 6,000i, and all future expenses which might be incurred in obtaining a bil in Parliament for carrying out the contemplated improvements of the harbonr. The appellants then obtained their bill, thus defeating their rivais, mainly, as was alleged, by the cooperation and assistance of the respondents. The authorijties of Helensbur"h also obtained a bill in the same session 'for caroying oat the harbour improvements, and they subsequently applied to the company for the smn which thelatter hid agreedptogiva towards the works. After some delay and negotiations, all that they cold obtain from thea elant was 4,000., whichnsum, it was alleged, wasinsucanaient 'fr the execution of the works. The action was then brought to enforce the agreement the appellants had entered jinto. Theappellants had resisted the claimoin the coart bemlorg, on the gboand that they had never recognized the agreemrent as bnding upon them, and that such an agree:ment would have exceeded their powvers, the fact being that it was only a basis uof neotiation upon which arrangements migRht, if found to be wfithin their powers, have been ultimiately effected,:and to which the sanction of the I.egislatare might have been asked. The Court of Session decided ;in favoar of the respondents, and held that the aLgreement was obligatory apon the appellants. The present appeal 'was then brought. The Lont COHACELOn, in -vi]g judgment, said that, in his opinion,' no cbmpany coild enter into a contract for purposes other than those for which it was originally formed, and therefore the contract the present appellants had enteredinto, being foreign to the objects of the company, was void, and could not be enforced. The decision of the Court below would therefore be reversed, and the present appeal allowed. Appeal allowed.
U JVDICIAL- COMMITTEE OF PRIVY COUNCIL, Thutrsday, June 19. LONGMUD'S PATENT ALKALI. (Befor a Mr. PmMEm;ToN EIGHl, Sir ED-VAMD RYAN, Sir JON PAT=ESON. anld Sir WTLL-kr IL -ALilunLR. I llUs was an appncatmon ror the prolongation or a patent granted to Mr. William Longmaid in October, 182. The 'invention consisted in treating ores and minerals containing sulphur with such proportions of common salt that the ores were-deprived of their salphar, or nearly so, and the metallicproducts resulting from such process wererendered more suitable for subsequent processes for obtaining the metals' therefrom, while at the same time the act of so treating-them produced much larger quantities of sulphate of soda than had heretofore been obtained. The ores andr minerals selected were particularly mundics, or iron pyrites,' copper, le'ad, tin, and zinc. A transferwasmade of the patent to the Plymouth Alkali Company, Mr. Longnaid retaining thr6e 12th shares. Licenses were granted by the patentees to the St. Helen's Patent Alkali Company and to Rlssrs. Alen, of Newcastle, on the payment of certain royalties. The extension of the patent-was opposed by the licensees. On the part of the patentees it was said that by this process -sulphate of soda could be produced at a cost of less than one-half the ordinary mode of manutfactiire, and.that if -it were iuniversally adopted there would be a saving to the community of 268,0001. per annum. On-behalf of the licenstes it was alleged, on the contrary, that the sulphate of soda produced by the patented process was not cheapez than by the oxdinary method, while it was inferior in Suality; that there was neith-r novelty nor dttility in the mivehtion; that the St. Helen's Company had lost upwards of? 30,9000. imi working the patent, and Messrs. Allen 4,a001. in the manufacture, in addition to which they had'expended 13,0001. onthe plant. It was admitted, however. that it the royalties ceased, which, of course, would be the case on the termination of the patent, further efforts would he made tbocarry on the works. A great number of scientific and other gentlemen were examined in snpport of the itatementsWof the respective parties. Mr.Grove,Mr,Collier, and Mr.Webster appeared for the applicant' Mr. Watson and lMr. Hindmnarsh for the St. Helen's (:omnany; and Mr. Atherton for Messrs. Alien.' -Sir W. H. MAtrx, in delivering the judgment of their Lordships, saidtheywere of opinion thattherewassome merit in the invention, but they were far from satisfied as to its utility. It was the duty of the applicant to substantiatethat fact. -Heehadniot doie so, and therefore their iordships coilld not recommend the extension of the patent. DIMES V. DIDES AN D3MIES. This was an appeal from the Prerogative Court of Canters bury as to the validity of the will, with a codicil thereto of Mr.-Thomas Dimes, late of Bread-street. The case was only partly heard when-their Lordships rose.
LA- REPOBT. d-,TTRT OF CMANTIR1PP 1.T7ATx¶":.Th .Trr's 10 IN RE ASHWORTHL (Bef6;w oecloRBDs JUSTICEs of APFL.) :Ins came on upon. two appeal motions from an order made by Vice-Chancellor Stuart, and both zelated to the proper place of residence of two orphan children of the respective ages of 13 and 10 years, or some few months less in each case.' The father; the late Mr. Ashworth, died intestate in the month of Augnst, .1841, and in May, 1846, the uother died, having soon after the death of her husband given birth to the younger child. fluring the lifetime of the fathef the elder child was very much in the care of her poaternal aunt, lss Ashworth (now EMrs. Patrick); and after his death the same course waspursued, and the younger from its birth had the same advantage. When xr. Ashworth was on his deithbed h'e epressed great anxiety that his child should have the benefit of his sister's care, but he made, no' appointment of guardians. When Mrs. Ashworth was in her last illness she stated her reluctance that her children should go to. school before they should attain 13 years of age; and. h7aving expressed a wish that her brother, Mrr. Howorth, and Mr. Munn, who had married her,sister, should act as their guardians, and they having assented, she made a will (believing that, as a parent, she had power" to dlo so, which in point of law she eould not) appointiug them guardians of her children during their infancy. The fortune of the two children amounts to 'about 6001. i-year between them. From the aeath- of their mother they have lived vwith their paternal aunt, with the cnsent of all parties. That lady a few months ago married Mr. Patrick, a sub-inspector of factories, at a salary of 3001. a-year, she having herself an. ample fortune. In the month of March Mr. Howorth and Mfr; Maunn being informed by Mrs. Patrick that she' intended' to send the children to Worthing on a visit for six months to Mrs. James, her husband's aunt, one bf whose daughters had undertaken to see to their education, some dLspute arose in consequence, and the plan was abandoned. MIr. Woorth and Mr. Munn being found on inquiry nbt to be legally appointed guardians, an app'acation to the Court was determined on, and Vice-Chancellor Stuart appointed Mr. Howorth and his wife and M1r. Slater' and his wife (another aunt) of the children their guardians, and directed that they should reside with Mr. and Adrs. Howorth.: It was against this order of residence that the appeal was presented. iMr. Malins aild 'Mr. BaggaMlny appeared for the appeal of Mr. and 3Mrs. Patrick. ' r.'BACON and Mr. PIGGorr, for mr. and mrs. Slater, -supp6rted-thiat uppea considering the residence vith Mr. and' Mrs. Patrick the best for the infants. '*r. CAIRNss-and MIr. ASPHLETT appeared for Mr. and 'Mrs. oworth and Mr. Miunn, and supported the decision of the Vice-Chancellor, so far as residence was concerned, but snbmitted the question of guardianship wholly to the Court, satisfied that it would'be entirely guided by its anxiety for the .beiiefit of the infants. 3Ir. Jolliffe appeared for Mr. Hargreaves, a truee. Their LosiDSnnIs expressed great gratification at the temperate manner 'in which the matter had been discussed on all sides,- and their-conviction that every one was anxious for the benefit of the children. They were satisfied that t'he female children, of the respective ages of j13 and 10 ,Seaks, ought not-to be' separated by being sent to school, and that, ,after such-a length of time of happiness and care ;der the roof of their aunt; Mrs. Patrick, it would 'be a strong course to take them away. It was plain that a good understanding between the families of. Mr. Howorth 'a4ld hIr;MuInm and the'children would be most beneficial Wtothe latter, and it was to be hoped that it would be establishe&4 The -order would be that they should reside with Mr. and Ms. Patrick until further order, have a gover"iitss'ana be subiectto the supervision of their guardians; arid theirILordships tiusted that all parties would foster the best possible understanaiuig between the families of Mr. Eoworth and Mr. Munn, their wives and children on the one hand, and these children, who had the nisfortune to lose boththeir parents, on the otber.
ROILS' COURT. CÆTAElTV.T.A' .TTTY-V 1z1 - &EDLEMELI V. DRUCE. - I.. ,L - (Bcforc V&C MASTIR of the ROLLs.) - Mr BR.TOWETni moved in this causo that the Clerk of Records:and Writs mnight be at liberty to Mie certain affidavits under the following circumnstances :-The plaintiffs in the suit are residing at Emden, in Hanover. The affidavitf in queBtion were sworn before a Judge of one of the courts of ii2stice at Einden, and the British Consul certified that the person before whom they were so sworn was a person who, according to' the laws in force in Hanover, Was- eititled -to admni'ister an oath. The affidavits were- 'written in u English on ono side of each sbeet, and in Germ5ni on the other; bat there was no-eidence that the English was a correct translation of the German. It was, however, stated by the counsel in sup*port of the.motion thit. hehad examined the afficdavits, and that the Englishvwas a correct translation. The defendants consented to the affidavits being filed. HisRloxoui rnade ai order, directing the Clerk of IRecords -and'Writs;to file the- aflidavits, but authorized office copiea only bf tlie-English-paits thereof to be given.
' VICE:-OTANCTLItORS' COURTS. JIJ 19. ' v - ALCOCK V. KEMrSON. fB,rc- Yic-Chancdlor Sir B. T. XnDMSLZY.) l-n-thls stut,an orcter-liaa Deen mnaeto dvideafund ,araneig cortMm'inmus; all of whom, except oueywho was in AnustrAi, wre pale of receiving their aes in parsonl Mr. RAsci now applied to t;e Court for an oraer forpaymeat of the shair of theatseat party to the solicitor of; the others, on ins Ludertaking to aroaont for it to the partT_ fntitled. The ViC 2-CHANc=s.oR thouight that on the productioteof a letter from the party it Australia, expre3sing his wishto the effoct asked, the order might ba mide. Xt ;DBERRY V. BROOME, -This was a bil for re1emption of a mortgage, and a pra- - liminary objec:ion was taken thVt the plaintiff had no right to sue, by reason of his being insolvent, and ws 3 argued upon that objection. A vesting order in insolvenc ws obtained in 1811, founded on a judgment in outlawry. which had been reversed. The bill wasifiled in 1855, and ' in 156 a second vesting order in insolvency was obtained,; but no schedula had ever been filed, and there was only one.r creditor, whose claim was not exi3ting, and there had been no adjudication. The second vesting order was obtained afterthe case was in the paper for hearing, and a sippid- mental order was made under the new practice, whereby - the assignee in insolvency was brought before the Court as ' defendant, and the only detaining creditor was dead. The: mortgagees admitted that they had been paid, and the quea-, tion was whether, tnder these circumstances, the plaintifF could sne. - Mr. WELFOSiD end Mr. OsDonsx, for the defendants, argued that the vesting order of 1841 mus'. be discharged by application to the Insolvent Court, to revest the estate ini the plaintiff before he could sue. Mr. BAiLY and-Mr. F. S. WILLLax, for the plainti.ff. contended that there was great difficulty in getting thevestingorder discharged, and the plaintiff had never had the benefit of the act and was not protectedfrom creditors; for,. there being none, he could not obtain their consent. The VICl-CIIANCELLOR thought that all the property ofthe plaintiff havingpassed to the rovisional assignee, that' property must pass out of him and revest in the plaintiff *before he could have a right to sue. If the vesting order' was irregular, the Court where it was made mnst have jurisdiction to discharge it.; if it was regular, that would prevent. the property revesting. Therefore the plaintiff had no right. to sne, and the supplemental order mnust be discharged and, the bill dismissed awith coats. (Before V2cc-Cdncedor Sir J. STUART.) RE DOVZE, HASTDNGS, AND BRIGHTON JUNCTION R.4L- WAY COZPNA-Y, EX PARTE A!]3ECKI, SY2IPSON, AND) PRANCE. This was a motion on behalf of Messrs. A'Beckett, Symp-. son, and Vaughan Prance, to discharge an order of RasterlRichards, dated in May last, refusing an application by, them that the official manager might be ordered to pay tothem, out of the amount received from a call made on the contributories of the above company under an order dated: in Februarylast, the sum'of 1,0521. 14s. 7d., due to themfor costs, and directed by an order dated in July, 1850, to: be paid to them, or that a call might be 'ordered on the coOn-* tributories for the payment of such sum. The facts out -of' which the present motion arose were briefly as follow - MYessrs. A'Beckett5 Sympson, and. Vaughan Prance having' acted as the solicitors of the above company, they were in pos:' session of the papers and documents relating tothe formation, of the company, and upon the appointment of Mr. Norris as official manager, he applied to them to deliver ulp top him a]l the papers and documents in their 'ossession relating to the company, which they refu todo unless'some provision or guarantee was made or given to them for the payment- of their coats. An applcationtas: therefore made to the Master, who in July, 1850, made the o'rder before alluded to for the payment to them of the sum' of 1,0521. 14s. 7d. for costs, and the papers and documents relating to the company were handed over to the official' manager. Mr. BACON and Mr. TERRELL, in support of the motion,said that the claim had been filed and admitted, but that' payment of it had not been pressed for out of regard for the' convenience of the contributories. Mr. Chichester appeared for the official manager, and .Mr. Mackeson and Mr. Roxburgh for certain contribatories. TheVICE-CRANCFLLOR said that the case was one in vhich he could not interfere. The order which itwas now sought to have enforced was made in July, 1850, and the effect of it was that the solicitors on delivering up certain documents should be paid the sum of 1,0521. 14s. 7d. by the' offical manager, out of the flunds of the company, which should first come to hbis bands. It had been argued' that, on the construction of the order, the solicitors, having delivered up theo docume;nts, becamne entitled to have a call made to reimburse them. Considering that nearly six yeas had now elapsed since the date of the order sought to be enforded, and that the solicitors had never until latelymade any demand to have their claim satisfied by means of a call; he should decline to make any order on the motion. He,' also, should make no order as to the acts of the official a- mager, -who had presented to the Court a defective record 'of the proceedings of the company, which it was his duty-to. keep perfect. (Before e-Uce-Ch4en or Sir W. P. WOOD.) SLACK V. BRIC T. Mr. WiLLcoCx and Mr. DoRiA moved on behalf of tha plaintiffs, who are furnishing ironmongers, carrying on business in the Strand, for an injunction to restrain the defendant, who is a printer, at Newington-butts, fronk printing, publishing, or circulating, selling, or exposiang for sale, any copies of an almanack caUed " WValmesly's Almanack, 1855." containing impressions, fac-uimi'cs- or copies of the blocks or stereotype plates or engravings mentioned in the bill belonging to the plaintiffs, or of any of the plates or engravings contained in -the plaintiff catalogue, caUed "Richard and John Slack's Illustrated Catalogue," or any plate or engraving. series of plates or engravings, copy or copies of stereotypes, or castings similar thereto, or by arrangement, contrivance, or otlisrwise merely colourably differing therefromi, and also from printin, icc., any other almanacks or ilustrated, catalogues, any part or parts of which are copied from, or are fcc-a-imiles or imitations with a colonrable dif - ference merely, of the " llUnstrated Catalogue" of the plain-~ The case of t4e plaintiffs was that they had employed an engraver to engrave upon wooden blocks various patterns or designs illustrative of tne wares and goods manufactured or sold by them in the course of their business. The plaintiffs delvered to the defendant these blocks, togethei with letterpresslists of prices, k-c., to be arranged and set up in type as an " Illustrated Catalogue," the duty of the defendant being to cause the plates, blocks, and types 'when so arranged and set up to be stereotyped on behalf of the plaintiffs. This catalogue was printed and published, pnd the plaintiffs, as the proprietors, claimed the exclusive copyright therein. The defendant had in March last rinted and published -for Benjamin Wailmsley, of the Londoil-road, burrey, an iUustrated catalogue or almanack, containing, as the plaintiffs' alleged, engravings or designs which were exact copies of those published in the plaintiffs' catalogue; and printed for the most part from the blocks and stereotype plates belonging to the plaintiffs, and in the poassession of the. defendant. Mr. Wahusley bad, upon the falst application -by the plaintiffs, stated has ignorance of any infringement of the plaintiffs' *right by the defendant, his printer, and discontinued offering the alna. nacl;s for sale. The defendant not having- acted in 'thei same spirit, the plaintiffs had filed their bill, and now moved for an-injunction in the terms above stated. Mr. M H\DE PAA.UER and Mr. WELFORD for the de: fendant contendedl that the plaintiffs had no exclusive property in the greater portion of the engravings, which had been in constant use in the trade for mnany years past, and that the plaintiffs- could not now at the bar be allowed to disclaim the large amount of protection claimed by. their bill and notice of motion, which in this respect could not be sustained. They produced va' rious catalogues of different iroumongering firms, for the purpose of showing that the catalogue of the plaintiff. was m effect a copy of these, one of which (Messrs. Rippon andBurton's) had boon published in lS20. The learned counsel for the defendant asked, at all events, that the motion might stand over, leaving the plaintiff to brinu his action to try so very doubtful a r ight. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said he could only grant the injunction so far as it went to restrain the defendant from puinting, circulating, selling, or exposing for sale copies of Walisaley's Almanuack for 156," containing impressions frem the blocks, stereotype plates, or engravints, the propesty of the plaintiff, or from any castings of any such blkeks, pltes, or engravings. The real question was, inde. pendenUy of the copyright, whether a printer, being employed by a party to print from blocks which he has ?roduced at his own expense, had a right to the use of taoso blocks for any other person than his employer, or whether they must not be deemed to have been left in the custody of the printer entirely in confidence for his employer. Aperson was put to an expense to prepare a catalogue and to have blocks aid stereotype plates made for it, and it would be a gross breach of duty for the printer employed to allow another party to have the benefit of such blocks and plates. The expense of bringing out a catalogue was, nio doubt, as much an expense as any other incurred im carrying on a man's trade. No other person had a right to derive benefit to himself from the expense incurred for the same object by another. The question the Court had to try was whether it was satisfied, notwithstanding the defendant's denial that he had made use -of the identical blocks of the plaintiff. Looldngat many of the engravings and comparing them minrutely, it was impossible to 'acconut for the exact similarity in mattais which were admitted to be flaws in the impression, and this extended to the shading of several of the forms. Whether the impressions had been produced from the idenitical blocks themselves, or from gutta percha or other castings, it was not easy to say. The detection of imitations in some cases led to- suspicions as to many more. He must. therefore grant the injunction in the terms he had mentioned.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCS WEs-n-STz1- JUNE19 STEVENSON' AND WMWE V. rALIER. (Sitings at Nisi Prius, before Lord CAmFIPELL and a SnrtrJ] .r-,, I 3lr. Hiawkins and Mr. 1. James appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Macnamara for the defendant. The plaintiffs in this action were George Stevenwon and his wife, living at No. 14, Devonshire-terrace, Kensington, and they sued the defendant, Mlatilda Lucretia Palraer, tC recover damiges for giving thcm into custodynpon a charge of stealing certain goods the proprty of the defendant's mother, an old lady who fornierly had lodgings in tho plaiptifM's house. The defendant pleaded, in justification, that whilo Mrs. Palmer vas the plaintiffs' lodger her storeroom had been broken open and robbed, and that the defendant having subsequently found a portion of the stolen property in the plaintiffs' possession, and reasonably believing that they had stolen it, gave them into custody -Upon the charge. It appeared from the evidence given by m Stevenson that in the month of July, 1854, Mrs. Palmer took the plaantiffs' two parlours and a third room on the same floor, which she occupied as alumber room. In the courso of the autumn she one day vwent into her store-room, and dis. covered that she had been robbed. She complained that some one had taken away a hamper lu of china, and als>o zome other things, *-hich she could not at the time particu:iarize. A policemau was xent for, and a reward offered, but no clue to the zobery was discovered, there being no appearance of iolence, e2xcept a mark on the windowsil , Thepolicemu.aztdc0aUedeveraltimes,ba
COURIT OF C03MION PLEAS. WEsi-ifNs= . Srn\ 19. lOFWST Y- ATA'MM'VIF.V (Sitings at Nisi Prtis, efore cr Juslie WILLES and In this case, which was alluded to in our report of yesterday, the jury, at a late hour in the evening, returned a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 40s. hlr. .SerjeantByles, iMr. Serjeant Pigott, and lr. M'Oubrey were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. 31. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Scotland appeared for the defendant. The point in dispute was whether or not the plaintiff had the eac naive right to ferry passengers and theirgoodsacross the Thames fromn the Isle of Dogs to Greenwich, at that portion of tho river known as " Potter's-ferry." The plaintiff derived his title from a grant made in the year 1675 to a society of watermen of the right to ferry not only passengers, but also goods, merchandise, and cattle; butin lS12 an act of Parliament was passed which gave powers to " the Poplar and Greenwich Ferry Company," materially curtailing those possessed by the above ocieety, and this action, which is, we believe, the fourth -which has been tried involving- similar questions, was brought to determine, if possible, the rights of the contendin" nartics. l he jury, in answer to queries put to them by the learned Judge, said that they thought the lessors of the plaintiff had made out their right to ferry passengers between the Isle of Dogs and Greenwich, and that even if it only extended to a particular portion of the river the defendant had infringed such right. A certificate was granted to entitle the plaintiff to costs including those of a special jury. CHESTER V. VORTLEY AND ANOTHER. 1r. M. Chambers, Q.C., and M1r. Lush appeared for the plaintiff; and Mir. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Skinner for the defendants. This was an action brought to recover possession of certain land and houses at Norwood, of which the defendarts were lessees, and which, as was contended by the plaintiff, had been forfeited by reeson of the breach of certain conditions in the lease under which the property was held. On behalf ef the plaintiffit was said that the defendants had neglected to insure ; that a ditch and pond, which they ought to have cleansed, were in an inhealthy state, and, in fact, noisome and a nuisance; and that the houses which had been built on the land leased were in a bad state of repair, contrary to the covenants of the lease. Ultimately the main question proved to be whether or not the houses were in such a condition as to avoid the forfeiture of the lease by breach of covenant. The trial lasted during the whole day, and the jury eventually found a verdict for the defendants.
COTJXT OF TxOflE m TST1TRVTE.tv .Tr>: in ]ITRD V. TS GRALT XOPfTTTV PA TT.A'V Pt'InM AV. (Sittizgs att 1fiZEi Prius, efo e the LOsD CH1X BARITOX - - - c. .. . 1. \ -Mr. Overend and Mr. Lush were counsel for the plaintiffMIr. Mellor and Mr. Wordsworth appeared for the comPany. The plaintiff in this cmse commanded a vessel in the employ of the Hudson's-bay Fnr Company. It appearedtbat in June last Trs. Hird accorapanied her husband as far as the Orkneys, on board his sh-ip; she returned to Aberdeen. On the 13th of July she tooR' a second-class ticket, and pro. ceeded towards london by the mail-train. About a mile andca-half from Doncaster the train ran into some carriageg which had become uncoupled and remained on the line. Mrs. Hird at that moment vwas si.tting with her back to the engine, and her feet resting on the opposite seat; the coacssaon lurled her against the opposat Eide with great force, causing severe injuries to her aide. It was at first tfli'oXuh when she was remnoved from the carriage that the injuries were not of a severe nature. On her return to town s}he sAe was prematurely confxned; her nervous system had received a great shock numbness seized upon her right side, and ultimately she iost the sight of her right eye. The action was brought to recover compensation in damages for these injuries. Ms. Hird was called, and deposed to the facts as stated, a nd appeared sfill to be suffering from the effects of the injuries. The company tried to compromise the matter, and offered at first 101and then 30L, this the plaintiffrefused, and demanded betv.een i50!. and 60!. Some medical witnesses were called, and stated that the illnessof the plaintiff resulted from the injuries which she received at the time of the accident. Mr. 3!ELOR. addressed the jury in mitigation of da- mThe LORD CHiE BARso told the jury that the only question they had to consider was what amount of damage the plaintiff was entitled to for the injuries she had received. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 20(1. MOORE V. REA. Mr. Digby Seymour appeared for the plaintiff, and zr. Sergeant arry was counsel for the defendant. This was a horse cause of such a complicated nature that it ended in the withdrawal of a juror. BARRY V. CAUNVT. Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Prentice werecounsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. WV. G. Harison appeared for the defendant. T'his.was an action for assault and false imprisonment by the plaintiff, a pugilist, against the defendant, another prizefighter and landlord of a publichouse in St. Martin's-lane. It appeared that an altercation took place between the parties in front of the bar of a publichouse, kept by a Mr. .langham, also a pugilist, in the immediate vicinity of Leicester-square. It was stated that the plaintiff was standing in front of the bar when the defendant abused, and struck, and charged him with stealing five sovereigns from his pocket. The plaintiff was called, and when he appeared in the witness-box he was covered with bandages and plaister. It a ppeared from his statement that he was set upon by three or four men yesterday morning, and cruelly thrashed. As he was suffermg severely from what the learned Judge termed this " brutal and cowardly assault," he was permitted to sit down wrhile giving his evidence. He stated that Caunt was standing in Langham's bar parlour, and that t.hey were pretty friendly together, and as he turnedto'go out some one pushed him against Gaunt, who immniediately struck him, anD charged him with putting his hand into his pocket. Caunt caused him to be taken into custody, and he was charged then simply with an assault, but afterwards Caunt gave him in charge for stealing five sovereigns. Several witnesses were called, and Mr. Serjeant Br.- TINE rose to address the jury, when The LORD CHiEF BARON intimated that it would be' better for the interests of all parties concerned if somne arrangement could be made. a After a brief consultation between the learned counsel and the parties, it was agreed that the defendant should pay 501. damnages and 501. costs.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Bazinghuall-8treet, June 19. IN RE W TTN'iFV. qp (7?0&rp. ir- . - 'k 'l'he bankrupt was the proprietor of the Pantechnicou, 194, Tottenbiam-court-road. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Bagley opposed for the assignees, and Mrr. Chidley for creditors,; Mr. Link;later supported. The statement of the banlaupt's affairs by Messrs. Young has been already published in e.vtenso in 27ie Times. It is sufficient, therefore, to state that the accounts commence June 13, 1S66, with a capital of 23,935Z., including cash, 10,3241. at bankers, and close, after about seven months' trading,withdebtsandliabilities46,0711.andassetsofconsiderable amount. Thebankrupt's transactions as a bill discounter had resulted in a net profit of S001., but he had had very large transactions with Messrs. Rowland and Evans, builders, which had resulted in considerable loss. Of the liabilities 22,2A61. are on account of mortgages. The Coanssiox.oR.-It is material that the case of Rowland and Evans shoald be more fully investigated before the Court proceeds to adjudicate unon the question of dIr. Tingey's certificate. At present it is not possible to say which party is realy to blame. Mr. IANxLrTFlR-owland and Evans's case may not be ripe for adjudication for a considerable time. The Co5DnssIo.NER.-The two cases are so blended and made up together, that until they are both more fully investigated it is impossible to say which party is right and which wrong. tr. LN;KLATcR.-Rowland and Evans are giving their services to the assignees in respect to property of the alleged value of 60,0001. It would appear as probable that their ease will be ripe for adjudication in October, 1857, as in October, 1856. The assignees of Mr. Tingey have abandoned their claim upon mortgagees to the amount of S0,0001., in connexion w-ith Rowland and Evans's estate, on an undertaking that they shall receive 4, 0001. The transactions may be said to have been thus brought to a close, and I trust there may be no delay in respect to my Cient's certificate. His HoNtour. said, much would depend upon whether therc was little or much for the creditors. Realization in bankruptcy was too often found to be like the panorama that looked well in the distance. A case seldom occurred in which so much money had changed hands so rapidly, At present he would give no opinion whatever. There would be an adjournment to the 20th of October, the day appointed for Rowland and Evans's certificate.
lNSOLVEVT DEBTORS COUBT, June 19. N'E JOn"; BENTIEY. (Before 3112r. CoZ Lbton2r PMTTT.TPR I Xhis msolvent, who described himself as a general agent, was opposed by the executor and executrix of a Mr. Lintott, to whose estate he was a debtorto the extent of upwards of 400!1. It appeared that the late Mr. Lintott had advanced 6001. to a respectable firme, which was zepaid through the insolvent, who swore that he was allowed by 31r. Lintott to retain 267!. for his own use upon giving a note of hand for the amnount. Ile also swore that Mrx. Lintott had offered to sell him the whole debt of 600!. at .5s. in the pound, an offer which he declined, having ascertained that the debt would be paid in full. The daughter of the late Mr. I4ntott was examined, and swore that she was present when her father allowed the insolvent to retain 267!., upon the representation of the latter that he had a good mortgage in view, andl required 2001. to make up the amount. Mr. Lintott subsequently advanded a further sum of 2001. ; andl the insolvent had, since that gentleman's death, told the witness that he had lost the money by an unfortunate speculation. The insolvent contradicted Miss Lintott, and declared that the money had been lent to him without any representation on hiis part, and he had applied it in payment of a debt due to a Mr. Lowther. Mr. Commissionier PnLIrnS placed implicit faith in the evidence of Miss Iintott, and was clearly of opinion that the insolvent had contracted the debt by means of fraud, and upon that ground he could not be discharged until the expiration of five calendar months from the date of the vesting order.
CENTRAZ CMMIN7ALl COUBT, June 19. OLD COTRT. (Before Mr. Juitice COLEP.IDGE and! MrI. Justice CROwnnDER.) lWilliam Lewes, 25, a tall, determined-looking man, was indicted for feloniously attempting to induce a seaman to revolt and piratically to take possession of a ship, and the goods and property contained in the said ship. Mr. Bodl;in and Mir. Poland conducted the prosecution; tec prisoner was defended by lIr. Giffard. MIr. BODI}cs, in opening the case for the prosecution, said that the inquiry the jury -were about to enter upon was one of a most grave and important character. The indictment against the prisoner was framed under an old act of Parliament of the 11th and 12th of William mI., and by the 9th section it was enacted that any person who should endeavourtoinducethe commander or any seaman employed on board a vessel to desert his trust, and endeavour to take possession of the vessel, or to turn pirate or rebel, should be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death upon conviction of the offence. The humanity of the Legislature had recently taken away the capital punishment, but the offence was still regarded as one of the most serious kind, and the jutry would, no doubt, consider the evidence that would be adduced in support of the charge with great attention. The learned counsel then proceeded to give a brief narrative of the facts, and said that the charge against the prisoner was that, having shipped himself as seaman on board a vessel called the Stebonheath, which was laden with gold of the value of 250,000., he had deliberately proposed to murder the officers and seize the ship, and thus possess himself of the valuable cargo she contained; and he was afraid that when they had heard the evidence he should lay before them they would entertain no doubt that the prisoner was guilty of the offence imputed to him. The following witnesses were then examined i Walter Bolitho said,-I was a seaman on board the Stebonheath. I joined the vessel at Melbourne. She was an English ship, and belonged to the port of London. The prisoner was also a seaman on board. He also joined at Melbourne, but I had never seen him until that time. He came on board in the beginning of February in the present year, and the ship sailed on the 17th. The crew consisted of 32 persons, and there were about 25 passengers, some of whom were women. It was said there were two tons and a-half of gold on board. On the 18th I was at the wheel, and the prisoner came on the poop to do some work, and he asked me howI should like "this here," meaning, I suppose, to be master of the vessel. He said nothing more then. The next day he spoke to me again, and asked if I had ever been on the coast of Peru. Itold him Ihadnot. He then said he had been a long time knocking about there for the Peruvian Government at the time they were at war with the Chilians, and he made a - fine thing of it, for they bad eight and forty hours' plunder after they took the town. He then said that they had been expected to join the Chilian army, and they were promised high pay, but they would not do so, and joined the Peruvian army again, and went on boazd sne of their steamboats; bnt, as thp soldiers on board -were mostly Chilians, they- oolok-the stboatfrm..th The prisoner afterwards said that he -got below and awoke the crew and proposed to get the ship back again. They wanted to. know how it was to be managed, and he said they hwd got plenty of Ammunition, azd he rndertook to shoot the sentinel aft, and he said that when they heard the report they were to shoot the sentinel forward. The prsoner told me that be then found the Chilias in the act of plundering the vessel, and they hadot possession of the captain's desk, and it fel down, and 14 onnces of gold feUl out of it, and he got seven of them. He said that he then shot the sentinel who was aft, and the other sentinel was fired at, but they missed him. He and the crew were then taken on shore, but they broke out of 'the prison in which they had been placed and took possession of a schooner, and thea succeeded in getting out to sea, and.fell in with two small craft, and boarded them and took theirmoneyandsunkthevessels. He said thatttheywent on to the coast of California, thinldng to meet some of the money vessels coming from that coast, and were there tnree weeks before they fel in with one. They boarded her and found she had 7,000 ounces of gold on board, and they took possession of the gold and sunk the vessel. They afterwards lost the schooner at Callao and shipped for England, and he came out to Port I Philip. The prisoner then asked me how I should like to be at that game ; and I said it would do very well it I could alwaysget clear. He then asked me if I would go, auid he said the vessel would be a - fine prize, as she Ihad two tons and a half of gold, and I should have a share. I said I should like it very well, but it would never come to pass. He said it could be done very easily, and if I would stick to him they would have her in eightand-forty hours, and he had come-on board on purpose. I told him I did not think it could be done. and he replied, " Who is there here that we care about ? There is none here hut a lot of old - who ought to have been out of this world long ago." He then said there was not a man who was on the forecastle who would refuse a glass -of gtog, and he would give them a dose and keep them quiet. ,e then proposed that the man on the lookout should be thrown overboard, and the first mate and the other officers weae to be called forward aud thrown overboard. He asked me if I wasafraid to take alife, and lie said there was no 'one to care about but the boatswain and the carpenter, ind a. small bit of steel would settle them. I told him I had never yet taken a life, and he said he would not ask me to do that; he would do that all himself. He next askedme if there was any one else on board who would be likely to assist, and I pitched on a man named Whittington because it was his aext lookout. The prisoner then said that after the captain and mate were out of the way they would go aft and haul up the ladder, and lay it across the hatch so that no one could come up from below. The armchest was then to be secured, and the passengers were to be told that the shin was in the hands of the crew. Thecaptain and the mate were both to be got out of the way by shooting them, and the prisoner said he should have 12 shots left after they were shot. I asked him if he would kIll the women too, and he replied, " Only the old ones ; we will keep the young ones till we get on the coast of Peru, and when we have got the gold out we will scuttle the ship and let the women go down in her." He then said that they should go to the Salt Lake. and get on board the steamer for Panama, and it was only a bold stroke, and the vessel was theirs. During this conversation the prisoner gave me brandy twice from a keg he had with him in the forecastle. Four bells then struck, and Whittington came to relieve me. The prisoner addressed him,and said, "WVeshall be afine prize forthe Russians, Tom;i would you like to have a' share 2" He then gave him someo brandy, and when he drank it it made him sick. The prisoner then said there was a way for us to get the gold, and if they were honest to him hc would sign the contract with his heart's blood." Hecthen said, "'What do you say to that; will you joinu' The prisoner then said that if the captainand mate were out of the way he would have charge of the ship in two minutes. Theprisoner then repeated to Wbittmngton what he had said to me about givngthe sailors a dose that would keep them quiet, and hittington asked me whatI thought of it, and e said I did not think it could be managed. le then asked 'Whittington if there was any one on board he thought he could depend on, and he said not one. The prisoner then said thatfhalf a dozen menwould be sufficient, and the ship should neve: carry him round the a orn or to London, and ho added that he should load his revolvers, and he should not unload them until they had done esecution; and he at the same time said to Whittington, " You need not beafraid of a pistol, having been in the Ballarat riots." 'Whittington told him he w.10 no more frig-htened of a pistol than he was; and he said he knew that, and that was why he put it to him. He then repeated to Whittington what he had told him about taking the gold and scuttling the ship. On the following morning I and Whittington were on the dock together, and we conversed upon what the prisoner had said; and when we were off 'the watch I saw the prisoner down below, and he beckoned to me, and I went to his bunk, and he took out two sixbarreled revolvers, and asked me what I thought of them. He then took out two single-barreled pistols and two daggers. In reply to the prisoner's question I said I thought thev were "stunners," and I saw hewaswell preared. The prisoner replied, "By God, they never deceived me yet, and they are not going to do it neither. I am a dead shot with either of the pistols." He showed me how the pistol work-ed, and said he could discharge every barrel as quickly as he could work his fingers. The prisoner then loaded both the revolvers, and puat them into the bunk, where he slept on a bag. Theprisoner also showed me some bottles, and I asked him what was in them, and he said, "You can jndge." The bottles contained some liquid. On the same day one of the crew went to the boatswain for some spare yarn, and the boatswvain told him to be careful of it, as they must soon begin to make some. The prisoner then said to me, " Do you hear that? If he everhves to see any spare yarn made, I am deceived." The next day after this, as I was coming from the vwheel, the prisoner told me he was frightened that Whittington -would have nothing to do with it, but he would get his revolver, and that he did not care whether he joined or not. He i then proposed that we should talk it over in the next watch, and he said he would settle Whittington, and asked me if I did not think he and I could manage it. I told him I did not, and he then said I he would go and secure another seaman who went by the narne of Jonathan, and he went away, as he said, for that purpose, and when he returned he said, "It is all right; he has struck, and I don't care now whether i Whittington joins or not." He then said to me, "WVhat do you think of to-morrow night? we are far enough to the southward, she is just under the canvass I want, and will do till we get to the coast of Peru; there cannot be a better time, as they are all sick in the cabin." He then said, " If I can depend upon you, we will have it to-morrow night." I told him that I did not ' funk " any, and he said he would get evervthing ready. He told me at the same time that when he was at the diggings he had stood before four armed men with his revolver, and had made them deliver up all they had got, and they were glad to get away with their lives. I then again asked him what he had in the bottles, and he said it was laudanum and some other stuff I forget the name of, and he said he would put it in the brandy, and it would make all hands quiet enough. He also said that he was going to have a birthday with the brandy, and he intended to give some of the crew an extra dose, in order to make sure of them. On the following day I was on the lookout on the forecastle from 6 to S in the evening, and the prisoner came up to me and said, " Well, my chief officer, what do you think of 'it now,' I replied, "As much as ever I did." He then asked me what I thought of doing it that night, and I replied that I thought he had better leave it alone altogether. Le then said that hewould as soon go down and shoot himself as not, and he added that it was Whittington who had been persuading me off it. I told him I did not want any persuasion for that. He then said that all hewas sorry for was that he had ever spoken to a soul on board, and that if he could depend on Whittington and me the ship should be in his hands before Saturday morning at4 o'clock, or else he would be a corpse in the cabin. The next morning I made a disclosure to the captain and mate of -what had [taken place. Whittington had seen the captain before, and we were both called in together to the captain's cabin. Cross-examined.-I joined the ship about a fortnight before the prisoner. The gold was not put on board until two or three days before the ship sailed. I knew there was a great deal of gold on board, but I did not know the actual quantity. The prisoner was an entire stranger to me. I had sailed in a gold ship before this occasion. The prisoner bega conversing with me on the day after the ship sailed. swvear I did not tell the prisoner that I had run away with 7001. worth of jewelry from a ship in which I once sailed. I was,of course,very much shocked at the idea of murdering so many people and running away with the ship and turmng pirate. 1 knew very well that this was what he proposed to do. When the prisoner asked me if I was ready I told him that I did not "funk," but was quite ready. There were a good many seamen on board who had been at the diggings. Sonic of them had revolvers. I had been myself at the diggings. I was at Mount BlacLkwood, Victoria, and Bendigo. T'he eye-blight and dysentery were very common disorders among the gold-diggers, but I ami not aware that they are in the habit of carrying laudanum for the purpose of treating those maladies. -Re-examined.-I should have gone to the captain immediately, butI wished to know what means the prisoner had of carrying out his object. Thomas Whittington said,-I was a saman on board the Stebonheath, and I joined the vessel the day before Bolitho. He was a stranger to me. We sailed on Sunday, the 17th of February, and on the following day I relieved Bolitho at the watch. Lewes was present when I came up, andhe said the ship would be a fine prize for the Russians to fall in with; and he said also, "'T ere is a nice pull here; how would you like your share of it?" He at the same time told me to hold out my panniken, and take a nobbler, and he poured some brandy into it, and I drank it, and it made me sick. I said it was brandy, sure enough, and the prisoner said it was the right sort. He then said there were two tonsj on board, and if we would stick to him he would sign a contract with his heart's blood. I asked Bolitho what he thought of it, and he said he did not think it could be done. I told him I must see clearly before I went on, and Bolitho said we were not strong enough. The prisoner then asked how many we wanted, and I said, "1 Half-adozen." He then said he had come on board prepared to do it, and it was to be done. He said he could do it by himself, but it was too much for one. He added, " By --, I would be master of that cabin in five minutes." The prisoner then asked me to have some more brandy to raise my spirits, and I said I must have some water with it. When I had drnunk ithe asked me whatlthought of it, and I said I shonld like it if I could see how it was to be done. The prisoner then said there never was abetter ship for the purpose sailed out of Hobson's Bay; there was not a single sailor -who would refuse a glass of grog, and he shonlJ dose them with the brandy, and they would not recover vezy soon. He then proposed that I should stand in one gangway with a revolver and "'Waddy" (Bolitho) on the other, and if any ono stirred we were to shoot them. I inquired what was to become of the lookout, and he said he would soon settle him. He also said that the mate must be thrown overboard, and he added that he would go down below and settle themn quietIy, as they ought to have been in hell long ago, and then the passengers were to be told that thesbhip was in the hands of t4e crew. - He said that he should then haVe the conimand. of ia, adh i"-oblcr save them and scuttle the ship., 'They could easily ran down to the coasb of- Peru--get-on-shore, and bury the gold inthe sand. Waddy then said they should want a good scholar to work the ship, and I said. rcould run her dowsn tliere. The prisoner then wanted to know if I would join, and I said I wonldle. liin' know on'the- ncxt-watch. The pnsoner then told-me, 'as l;ad been in the Ballarat riots, I ought not to he afraid of a-pistol.; and, I. told him I was no more afraid of one thanhewas',- and ho said he knew that, and that was why he put it to mne. The prisoner then -toldane that it was to come off on the following night, in the middle watch. I had a revolver in my chest, and the prisoner toldme to load it, but to clean it first. On the following day I and Bolitho had some conversation, and I soon afterwards saw the prisoner down below, and told hiin that what he proposed could not be done unless we had more assistance. He asked me how many men I wanted, and I said that six would be little enough. He replied that I had no pluck, and he had pluck enough for a dozen, and he wished he could shove some of it into me. He also said that he had heard shoq iflying about his head like music; and he told metothink of it and he wouldspeak to meaain. -H' then said that hehad spoken to Hugh Kemp, and thathewas a firn; and I told him that he must taker cor that he did not sell himself, and that if he had spoken to enemp it would go " aft," meaning that it would comne to the ears o the captain. t e Cross-examined.-I have been at the di Aga in Australia. Iwas .at Prier's' Creek, Avoca, Barat, and the eyrenees. I went out in; 1853, and was two years at the diggings. I was atthe Ballarat riots. I swear I did xiot tell the pnisoner that I had set fire to a house upoon that coca., sion. I was present when a house asa burnt down, but I had nthigto,do with it. I had a revolver on hoard the Stebonheath. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tht oca Hugh :Eemp said,-I was a seaman on board the Stebonheath. I remember on Wednesday morning, the 20th of February, tbe prisoner came to me and asLed me to have tome brandy. He then said, " There's a fine chance here." I said, "'Which way?" and he replied, "Why, there's plenty of gold here." He then said that there was nothing to do but to fasten up the hatchways and take possession of the ship. I asked him how many men he had got,; and he said four. I told him that was not enough, and he said there were four more that he could rely upon. At this moment 'Vaittington came' up, and he had some conversation with the prisoner... ' ; - Mr. James Connell, the chief mate of the Stebonheath, said that on the 224 of February, in consequence of instructions he received from Mr. Sergeant, the captain of tlie vessel, he arrested the prisoner while he was at the wheeL He asked what he waswanted for, andhe told him that he would know by and bye. Mr. John Sergeant, the captain of the Stebonbeath, deposed that she was a vessel of 1,104 tons burden. The crew consisted of a6 persons, and there were about 22 passengers on board, eightof whom were women. There wax a large quantity of gold on board, about61,000ounces, the value of which would be tween 240,0001. and 230,0001 The prisoner, Bolitho, Kemp, and Wlittington, were all shipped at Melbourne, and they were entire strqngers to him up to that. time. On the 22d of February, in consequence of a communication that was made to him by the chief mate, he sent for Bolitho and WhitEington, and after hearing their statements he directed that theprisonershould be secured, and he was brought to England in custody upon the present charge. Inspector White, of the Thames Police, then produced the articles that were found in the prisoner's berth. They consisted oftwo six-barreled Colt's revolvers, thewhole of the barrels being loaded, and some containing a double charge; two single-barreled pistols, also loaded ; two bowie-knives, a flask full of gunpowder, a bag full of bullets, between 60 and 70 bullets loose, several boxes of percussion caps, and a bottle full of laudanum. Inspector Shean, of the Thames Police, proved that when he bad charge of the prisoner at Gravesend he said, "W ell, they have done it for me; but 'Whittington ought to be in my place. I suppose I shall have it for life, and it's no use saying anything about it." Mr. GIFFAIID then made a most able address to the jury for the defence. He said he should not attempt to deny that a most horrible conspiracy was attempted to be camed out on hoard this ship, involving a scheme of plunder certainly, and in all probability murder ; but the question -which, he said, upon his instructions he had to put to the jury was whether it was not more probable, upon the facts, that the men who had given evidence againstthe prisoner were the really guilty parties, and thlatthey now endeavoured to make the prisoner the scapegoat.- He then commented upon the improbability of the story told by the witnees, and their extraordinary statements that he had at once broached such a horrible proposition to persons to wvhom he was a perfect stranger. Mr. Justice CoIERIDGE having summed up the whole of the evidence with very great minuteness, thejury expressed a wish to retire and deliberate upon their verdict. They were absent only a very short time, when they returned into court and gave a verdict of Guilty.' The learned JIJDGE, in passing sentence, said that the jury, who had heard the case, after a long inquiry, and giving great attention to the able, ingenious, and many of them wel-founded observations of the learned counsel who had defended him, had found the prisoner guilty of the offence with which he was charged, and he felt bound to say that he entirely concurred in that verdict. 'Whatever share, or in whatever manner, the witnesses who had given the material evidence against bim had been concerned in the matter, it appeared to him there could be no doubt that they were speasing the truth on the present occasion, and that he had been properly convicted of the crime with which ho was charged. That crime was formerly capital, and, looking at the guilt involved in it, and the dreadful consequences that might result. he could not say that capital punishment was too heavy for the offence. It was clear from the evidence that in order to secure the tempting prize that he thought was almost within his grasp he had not scrupled to suggest not only the destruction ofthe vessel and all her fittings, which must have been of very large value, but also the destruction of the lives of those on board, and from the distinction he had made between the young and the old women who were on board, it also appeared that he had an intention to gratify other passions also, and thatwhenthey had been gritifiedhe proposed to consign those unhappy women to the bottom of the sea. If for the taking of a single life, therefore, the life of an offender was forfeited, he thought it was not too muchthat for such an offence as this life should also be forfeited. It was gratifying, however, that, owing to the hnmanity of the Legislature, they were not called upon on the present occasion to pass such a sentence, but the punishment was one of the most severe description short of that of death, which the law awarded, but which it appeared to him it was his imperative duty to inflict in the present case. He then sentenced the prisoner to be transported for life. At the sitting of the Court George Ochiltree Webb, who had pleaded " Guilty " to a charge of stealing a post letter, containing mnoney, was brought up for sentence. The prisoner put in a whining petition, in which be admitted he bad been very sinful, and promised that if he had a lenient sentence he would pray to Cod to reform him and make him a good member of society. Mr. BouRsy, the counsel for the Post-office, informed the Court that during a period of 14 days, in the district where the prisoner was engaged as a let.ter carrier, letters containing property to the amount of 9001. had been stolen. 'he prisoner was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. John Ingram Owen, Edward Owen, and George Smith Owen, who pleaded " Guilty" on Wednesday to several charges of forgery, were also brought up for judgment. The prisoner George was sentenced to be transported for 14 years, John to be kept in penal servitude for four years, and Edward was ordered to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 months. MEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER) Spearman Lusick, 66, sailor, was indicted for stabbing Catherine Mead, with intent to do bodily harm. Mr. W. J. Payne prosecuted, and Mr. Sleigh defended. It appeared that the prisoner, who is a Prussian seaman, was in the habit of living with the prosecutrix when on shore, and some time early in May he accused a sister of the prosecutriX of robbing him of 31., and had her taken to thepolice-court, where she was discharged. The prisoner upon this was much enraged, and threatened to do for the prosecutrix if she had any communication with her sister. On the afternoon of the 14th of Mfay the prisoner, with another seaman, was at the Cock and Nteptune, East Smithfield, where he expressed his intention to have satisfaction out of the women for the loss of his money. At a later hour in the evening the prosecutrix was standing at the door of the Cock and Neptune, and, seeing the prisoner coming along the street, she, fearing some violence, endeavoured to ran up the stairs, but slipped, and fell at the bottom. The prisoner, who ha rushed at her, then stooped down, and, drawing a knife from his belt, made a stab at the right side of her body. She instantly put up her arm, and, having on a loose dress, the force of the blow was averted, and fortunately only wounded her right arm. Some of the bystanders then secured the prisoner as he was about repeating the blow, and the knife, a new one, evidently just purchased, was taken from him. It was a small bowie knife, with a mgtto upon theblade, "A Americans shall rule America." The jury found the prisoner Guilty of unlawfully woundman _ -The RECOIRDER sentenced the prisoner to IS months' imprisonmnent and bard labour. lJpon the grand jury being discharged the foreman complained of the facilities which pawnbrokers and marinestore dealers afforded thieves for disposing of plunder, and expressed an opinion that it would tend to diminish crime if the LEegislature would adopt stringent means to exercise a more vigilant control over this class of tradespeople. THIRD COURT. (Before the ComOX-SERJnFnA.) Frederick Phillips, 41, labourer, and William Jacobs, 50, clerk, were incdicted for obtaining by false pretences a qurantty of hay Mr. Xobinson prosecuted, and M3r. Metcalfe and Mr. Tindal Atkinson defended. The prosecutor, Mr. Mutton, a confectioner at Brighton, who also has a farm at Ruspert stated that early in the present year, having some hay for sale, he put an advertisement into some of the country papers to that effect. Shortly aftervards the prosecutor received a letter purporting to come from a Mr. Arnold, No. 8, Arnold'splace, Newington-butts, requesting that some samples of hay might be sent there. Prosecutor, upon this, sent his bailiff up to town, and upon his going to Arnold's-place he saw PhiDlips, who said he was getting the house in order for Arnold, whom he stated to be an army clothier and contractor, living at Blalham-hill, Surrey, and that he had not yet ome to that house. The prosecutor, deeming it to he correct, upon the 24th of April sent, in accordance with an order which came by post, and purported to be from Arnold, some clover and seed hay. It was directed to be sent to the 'Willowr-walk station, upon the Brighton line, where It would be fetched, and tha. the money would be sent dowvn. This, howvever, was nzot done; and upon the 2d of MIay the prosecutor came to townv and went to Arnold's-place. The hiouse was shut uzp and apparently untenanted'. The next day he saw Phillips there, who told him that Arnold had gone down to himi at Brigh-. ton, Upon thue the prosecutor cormmunicated 'with the police and then returned to Brighton; an*d upon hi retarn =Xereeeived another letter-reqIietinz hLinfoseiid--all-the hay he could between that aJa .Thur'day,las he (Arnold) had a contract fo complete, and that he would sette all when-he came dow. lil was tobe forwarded as beo This was sent to the Willowwvlk -station,- and prosecutor *and the oice -were upon the watch. After waiting all day, they-saw the twe pnsoners come-with avaei an fetch awaythe hay. They were foLo6wed a short distance, and then taken into custody. The houlse in Arnold's-place had *he~nobtained by a person nam-ed Dean, under false pretences. - The jury found them both Gtuilty. They had'each. been before convicted,-one for -obtaining -goodsbyvfalsepretences, andtheotherforbigainy. Adiary found upon Jacobs proved that their operations had been ' npon a most extensive scale. i They had belonged to the gang of wrhich the notorious-blind swsindler Rickaby, now a. convict, was a nieyber. They were each sentenced to four years' penal servitude. The prosecution was at the instance of the Society for the Protection of Trade.
PO.LICE. * MA.5S5O D;oVsE- OemryStevenis,aperson about45 years of age, was broughtbefore Sir P?TERIATunu, inthe custody of Foiulger, the detective officer, charged with having cornmitted a most audaious robbery m the, sboo of Mr. Cockayne, a jeweller in Marl-lane. The case excited t] interest in consequence'of the formidable conduct of tht accused, whose head -was plastered, the resistance he made having caused a violent fertaliation upon the part of one of the persons who secured him. 3Ir. Thomas Cockayne, of 43, 3fark-lane, jeweller, said, 'i py the shop only, and do not sleep upon the premises. L ast nsight, at about a auarter to 6 o'clock, the prisonet, accompanied by another mnan, caine tomny shop. 1 was alone in the ahop at the time. The other man asked to ho shown. some shirt studs, and. I opened the glass case int the shop window to show him the articles of which he spokse,and in order to do so Ilhad to come from behind the counter intothat part of the shop in which the prisoner and the other man were. I went to open the glass case, and the moment I did so the;prisoner's companion caught me round the throatwithbothhis hands, and the prisoner immediately put his hands into the window andtook hold of a watch and other valuable articles which -were debpoited there. I was thenstruggling with-the otherman, who.-hit me with his fist several times. I called out "Police I" "Murder ." and gotiay hand loome and struck the other manin the face, and just at that moment the prisonerwas-going out at the door. The prisoner got outside as I got free from the other man,; and 1 rushed at the prisoner and caught hold of him. He struck me several times in- the face while I was holding him, andhe threwawaysome of the gold chains andbracelets produced by the officer. The prisoner was by this tine about 100 yards from my shop. I saw nothing of the other man afterwards. While I was struggling with the prisoner, Mr. Williams, who is here to give evidence, camne up and assisted me, and also picked up some of the jewelry; and in a few minutes an officer came up and the prisoner was taken into custody. I have examined the articles produced by the officer-viz., gold guard chains, Albert chains, keys, bracelets, shirt studs, lockets, sc. They are all my property, and were safe in my possession when- the prisoner came into my premises. On returnin- to my shop I examined my stock, and missed two gold: watches and two half-hoop briliant rings. About 10. 3minutes before the prisoner and the other man came into my shop I had seen them both looking in at the window, where they stood in conversation together. Neither of them had spoken a word to me after the other man had asked for the studs. Joseph Williams, ship's carpenter, of St. George's -street St. George's-in-the-East, said-Ycsterday, between 5 and 6 o'clock, I was in Mark-lane, talking to a young woman, and I saw the prisoner running dow n the lane -towards Towerstreet, followed by the last witness, who took hold of hin, and whose face was bleeding. I saw that the prisoner had ot a lot of jewelry in his hand, aud I caught hold of him by the breast, and he gave himself a " slew" round, -and threw the chains and other articles behind him ; so I picked up the things and puLt them in my coat pocket, stillholding the prisoner. I said " Callfor a policeman!" and I took the prisoner back to the shop. The prisoner then seized me by the neckerchief. I tried to get away from him, and I told the lIst witness to go for a policeman, and that I would guard the prisoner; and then the officer came in, and I took the jewelry out of my pock-et and handed it to him, and some other policemen came in and took the prisoner to the stationhouse. Sir P. lixrs,E-Did you see anything of ihe prisoner's ss -I did not. Sir P. I&UaRI.-I see the prisoner has a wound on his face,-did you strike him? Witness.-When I seized him by the throat I might have struck him, for I had a strong scuffe with him to get him quiet. The prisoner.-3Iy lord, the wtness talks coldly and deli'orately about the business, as if I did everything without provocatioiL.I assure you that I have been very sharply Foulger, 5GS, said, " Shortly before 6 o'clock I was passing the shop of the prosecutor, and I saw the prisoner struggling intheshop violently withthelast witness andMr. Cockayne. I saw that Mr. Cock-ayne was bleeding from the face, and I asked what was the matter? Mr. Cockayive said, " This man has robbed me of some chains." I said I was a constable, and laid hold of the p,risoner, who immediately turned round and tried to bite me. He kicked me several times about the leea.and struck me on the body. I saw Mr. WVilUiams strikelhe prisoner while they were strugglig. Igot the assistaice of other officers then, and took the prisoner to the- stationihoure. I received the chains and bracelets produced fromiM-r. Wiiams. At the stationhouse I attempted to search the prisoner, but his conduct was so violent, in fact he Vras more like a wild beast than a man, and kicked, in the most desperate manner four of our officers, that Iwas obliged-to strap his legs and handcuff him before I could accomplish that object. I then searched him, and found on him the sum of 1i. Os. id. I then went back to Mr. Cockayne's shop, and upon examining it found that the plate-glass of a case was broLen and scattered about the floor, and I also found on the floor a finger ring, a piece of a gold brooch, two lockets, and six shirt studs. The prisoner.-Had you not me in custody when thevwitness (Williams) struck me9 Witness.-I had. The prisoner.-I have been desperately treated among you. Foulger.-The prisoner speaks of having been roughly treated. No idea can be formed of the terrible violence of his conduct. One of the policemen on duty at the stationhouse went into the apartment where he was confined, and the prisoner struck the man a desperate blow on the mouth, and.knocked out two of his teeth. The prisoner.-I was knocked about by several men. Sir 1. LUtURIE.-Is this man well known to the police? Several members of the metropolitan and the city police stated that they knew him to be a -nost atrocious robber; that he bad been upon one occasion imprisoned two years forrobbery with violence, and upon many occasions for shorter terms. They did not know whether he was a returned convict, but they hoped the alderman would remand him in order that particular inquiries might be made into his past career, as well as for other reasons. Sir P. Liiuxm said, the robbery was one of those terrible examples which might be expected from the mawk-ish treatment of desperate criminals, to be kind and gentle to whom, petitions were so often showered in upon the Secretary of State. He was of opinion that the report of the case would be very likely to raise a feeling which would interfere with such absurd tenderness. The prisoner was then remanded for a week. GuTnDHAL-George Parry, a sailor, was placed at the bar, and a gentleman of high respectability in the citywhose name for obvious reasons we omit-appeared in discharge of his bail, on remand before Alderman RuAn'snaY and Sir }L 1W. CARDExn-the former charged with assaulting the police, and thelatter with resisting them in the execution of their duty. The evidence given on the former occasion by police constable 2S0 was that about half-past 0 o'clock on Saturday night he saw acrowd of people at the bottom of lKingstreet, some of whom wvere ill-treating a brother officer. ie went to the spot and assisted in taking the ,prisoner into custody. The defendant then approached him and said, "You villain! you have hilled the sailor." iEe went to the station for some handcuffs when the defendant followed saying, "You rascal! youaviain! you have hilled the sailor. You had no business to strike him." Witness said he didnot strike him, anddefendantreplied, "You villain 'yon did." At the station the officer Andrews gave him in custody for using language likely to cause a rescue of the prison,,er. Police-constable William Hall, 280, was now cross-examined, and said he took out his staff, but did not use it. He did not see the defendant strike anybody. Henry Andrews, 289, said,-About half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday evening he saw the prisoner Parry sitting down on the pavement in Skiner-street, and he vwent to him, roused hun up, and told him to go away. He was drank-, and immediately rose up and struck him. A sailor, who was with the prisoner, took him forcibly across the road, and witness followed at a short distance until they got to the bottom of the hill, beyond vwhich he would not go. He went up to the prisoner, and asked him to go quietly, or he would lock him up. Parry thenstruck-witness thee or four times in the face, and wben ho arrested him both the prisoner and his companion got him down on the ground and beat and ldcked hum severely. Parry kicked him in the eye while he was on the ground, and he was obliced to go to the hospital after booking the charge, and left it only last night. Wbile they were all on the ground together the defendant and another person rescued the prisoner from his grasp, but his brother constable came up and took him again. Thley then threw him down on the pavement until they got assistance from the SmithfJield station, when they removed him to that place. WVith regard to the other defendant, he caine to witness when he first saw the prisoner and said, " Go away, policeman, and they wil be all right, for you have no right to interfere with them." He said he did not wish to interfere with them if they would go quietly away. While he was following the men the defendant kept annoying him, and took his number. He then said that he hoped the prisoner w ould give him a good hiding, for he deserved it, and when lie got him down the defendant said, "Give it to the - well," two or three times. He subsequently unclenched his hold of theprisoner and liberated him. He was positive the defendant used those words. in his cross-examination he said, -when the defendant first spoke to him it was in a tone of kindness on behalf of the prsoner andasif he wanted to keep the peace. He saw the defendant speak to the men, but did not kear what -as said. When he came back he said to witness, " They live up that wvay, and you should not lockthem up, but let them go home." There was a great crowd there, and he cculd not swear to the defendaLt's dress. He did not know tbat he went to the station-house to make a complaint against police constable 280. Alderman EHu.wiEP.Y .aid. he thought with the defendant that if the constableh ad let the sailors go tibere would have been no disturbance. There was no doubt he was angry as being struck, and lie followed s-he!., The defendant then stated that he had never interfered with the constable at all, but he had observed him excaed-. ioag-hi&-duty, -And -el adaised him. to desist. Se had rever gone into the. crowd.. at the bottonm,r King-street, Snow-hill, norad he evermad* nse of tba* filthy expressions thd o}EcffiuU-attributed to him. That those,;words were used by some people in the crowrd he -as well ware,but they wnot,sed byuii. The police hb -exasperated the bystanders by their crmelty to the sailo- -and Part of the ill-usage they received was fromn the crowd The brtality of police-constablek2_ was so great that he *took his number, and.wentwith some other gentlemen oE the greatest respectability to lodge a cormplint agamist }im "at the station, when the officers.theretookc him bythe shoul. ders-and turned Lim out. Re, however, went a second time, and then, for the pumpose of weake-mug his complant they trumped up this charge against 'him for wich there .Was not the shadow of a foundation. se was then taken into custody and kept in durance vile for three hou:s during which time he was submitted to the indignity of being searhed, an idignitythat should not be put upn himn wvith impunity, for the iatter should not rest here. .e would call hs witnesses, who would prove the truth of all he stated. Sir R. W. CARE.N said, he could not believeth%t ht hd maade use of the language attributed to him. Defendant sada, he could prove he had not. Alderman: HumrRy said there was a large crowd of persons, and itwas very easy for the offioer to mistake the defendant in the excited state he must have been in.. He could not help thinlkng that if the offioer had not followed the manhe would have avoided the disturbance altogether. Re should dismiss the complaint against the defendant, blit fine the prisonerParry 40s., or one montb's imprisonmeht The line was paid. BOW-STLRsm.-Christopher Ward, described as a naic engraver, in the employ of Mfr. Goodwin, of Upper -Wellington-street, Strand, was summoned before Mr. HENRY, under the new ILeformstorr Act, to show cause wyhyMe should not contribute tothe support of his son, John Waid, aged 12 years, who was convicted of felony at the IWds qaarter sessions in Mlarch Last. The complaint was conducted by Mn W. Morg4n,- of Birmingham, solicitor to the Home-office in the natter of reformatories, and wras understood to be the first case under the 18th and 19th of Victori, chap. 8-" the Youthful Offenders Act." Mfr. Morgan explained to the defendant that his child, having been tried and convicted of felon, was committed to a short term of inprisonment, and, subsequently, to Sve years detention in the reformatoryvsehool at Cdaderfarm, near Merweld, Yorkashire; nd that the object of the present summons was to requirehimto contribute a sumnot exceeding 5s. per week towards the eipense of train' - and edaucating the child, by which i was hope he would- be reclaimed from vicious habits and a life of crime. The defendant stated that he could not afford 5s. per week, for his earnings very frequently did not amount to niore than that. }e had the boy in London last year, and procured a situation for him at a printer's in WVood-street; -but he stopped out late at nights and only kept his place a few months, after which he left him (defendant) and retarined to his mother, who had been cohabiting with anotEib man at teeds and caused the boy to be what he wa ie had done his best to bring the boy up respectably, but it was of no use. He sH = ted from iS vwife ten years ago at Edinburgh, and made her an allowance, which he kept up till he found she had formed other oonnexions. Mr. Morgan said, the allusion which-defendant had made to his wife justified him in stating some particulars that had come to his knowledge respecting the man himself, and his Worffip would see that thiswsjiust one of thosecaseswhich the promoters of the act had in view. The father and the mother had been separated for many years, their three young children being consigned to the care of the latter. moth the parents livediu adultery afterwards-the wife at Leeds, and the father in London, where, he believed, he was still living with another woman. Both, he feared, vere dissipated characters, and thus, through the neglect andimmoral conduct of his parents,- had this young child fallen into an evil cours-e of life. The justices of the Leeds Quarter Sessions, before whom he was convicted of felony, considered that the boyrmghtbe saved by being placed at once in a reformatory an he was accordingly sent to the excellent establishment under Mr. Wheatley, at Calder-farm, in the West Riding, where he'was progressing favourably. One of the wholesome provisions of the new law was, that the parents of chladren thus tossed about the world, homeless and uncared for, shouald be made to bear a fair proportion of the money expended in the benevolent efforts to provide for them the careful training and education -which they (the parents) had been nwi2ling or unable, from indolent or vicious habits, to'provide themselves. In the p resent instance it had been ascertained that the father had ben earning upwards of 30s. per week until recently, when he lost his situatiojn in consequence of his own misconduct. Re was now earning 1V. week. the defendant said, his present earnings were irregular He did line-rulingwhen M&r. Goodwin had it to do, and while Jenny Lind was in London the demand was enough to keen him fully employed; but, at other times, he ordy did job and errand work, and this only prodauced ss. or lOs1 per weekl All his trouble -was brought upon him originally by his wife, and he begged the magistrate to read a letter fromn aMIr. D)arby, at Leeds, to, show what a character she was. It was she who enticed the boy away from, him and made him a thief. The letter referred to was written in March, 1852, and the writer, after referring to the dissipated character of the wife, advised defendant not to send her any more money, as it would zll go to the ginshop. His worship considered the letter a very sensible one, but it turned out, to the surprise and amusement of the court, that the writer himself (Darby) bad been summoned before the Leeds magistrates by defendant's vife to support a child -which she had sorn to him. It transpired also that the defendant until then had regularly contributed lOs. a-week towards the maintenance of his wife and three children, in ignorance of the fact that two of his own children had died, and that she had had two others, resulting from adulterous connexions with different men. xr. RxyxY, consideringthat the abandoned character of the wife was, probably, the chief cause of the boy's mifortunes, and that the father's present circumstances were very precarious, reduced the order to 2s. 6d. per week, which the defendanfs master promised to deduct fronn his weekSly earnings. A middle-aged man, named Thomas Spong, a cellarman in the employ of MIessrs. Ca-osse and BLackwel1, was charged with indecently exposing himself to twro young women in the service of a gentlemuan residing in Woharn-square. The magistrate committed him for twro months. LA-UET}L-Benjamin Brown, a middlc-aged man, of respectable appearance and plausible mauners, was placed at the bar, before the Ron. G. C. AFosToN, on two charges of gross fraud, the first, with having obtained nearly 5001. from 3r. Nesbitt, and the second, SOL in cash and property consisting of plate and other articles, to a considerable amount, from Mr-. Charlotte Porter, a poor old woman, nearly 70 years of age, by fraud and false nretences. Mr. NORTON remanded the prisoner to Wednesday next.
Atsaac_rN PoLrxscs.-The main question is, what are the prospects of the Presidential campaign v We anticipate one of the most exciting, tumultuous, and revolutionary political contests in all the history of the republic. Many of our hopeful democratic fellow-citizers affect to believe that there will hardly be a fight-that Mr. Buchanan, with scarcely a show of resistance, will walk over the course. We have only to say, looking calmly over the whole field, that for all such as entertain the belief that there will be no struggle, the doors of some lunatic asylum had better be opened at once. We have no doubt of the fact that a vast majority of the American people, in the present distracted condition of the country, are opposed to the democratic party, as debauched and demoralized under the malign infuences of this Pierce administration; and ve believe that there -wouldstill exist a majority of the American people opposed to the rat fication of the debaucheries of thiscorrupted party, even iE they should nominate as their reprsenStative an angel from heaven. This is our conviction and ourbelief. Grant that, as an hbnest man and a statesman, MIr. BucLanan is a fair nomination, and that he is immeasuarably superior to men of such small calibre and paltry expedients as Pierce and his Forney Kitchen Cabinet, the impressive evidences are yet all around us of an impending revolution. Louis XV1. was an amiable, respectable, and worthy man, and sincerely laboured fortho good of hispeople; yet inthe terrible storm raised by his imoecile and corrupt predecessors he vwas swept away. We anticipate nothing so frightful in this enlightened day; yet we say that Pierce has raised a stormvwhich even Buchanan cannot peremptorily command to be stilL It is drifting to a great popular revolution. We shall have a revolution-we must have a revolution; for a sweeping revolution is as necessary at times to purify the political atmosphere as is a aumamer thunder gust to clear away the miasma and corrupting exhalations of a long sickly siege of the dogdays. We say that there is a majority of the American people throughout the 'Union opposed to the democratic party, as demoralized under the wicked and imbecile administration of MIdr.Pierce. Whether the various and incongruous elements, active and passive, vihich enter into the composition of this majority, can be fnsed into a pra^tical shape for political action at this time, remains to be seen. TheNorthern anti-Fillmore Know-nothing Convention which meets here on the 12th instant, and the Seward Coalition anti-Slavery Convention which meets at Philadelphia on the 17th, will have, for this contest, the solution of the problem in their hands. Alarmed at the self-evident wveakness of a pure nigger-worshipping experiment, the leading organ of W. H. Seward has come out, and flatly setting him aside advocates the nomination of a man possessing the essentials for an earnestbattlewith the demoralizedhbutstill formidable democracy. This Seward organ wants a new man, fresh and full of daring exploits and romantic achievements in the Roclqy Mountains-a man, too, whose birth and rudiments of political education belong to South Carolina. Brilliant idea that of running a Seuth Carolinian as the anti-slavery candidate for the Presidency. .But upon him, it is believed, the mass of the antidemocratic elements of the north, Free Soil, and - Knownothing and Conservative may be fused. We await the results of the two conventions tnat are to settle the question. 31eantime 1r. Fillmore, with all his respectable antecedents and fair character foating about him like the white garments of some believing saint awaiting the conung of the New Jerusalem, will contest the disputed States of the South against lir. Buchanan. Let the two Northern, conventions we have indicated concentrate theirforces-npon some fresh and popular name, not connected with border ruffianism one way or the other, nor with the nigger drivers or nigger worshippers-some such fresh and generally popular name, in a word, as will fuse into a solid mass the floating opposition materials of the North-and we should not be surprised to see llr. Buchanan reducod to the ordeal of the most severely contested, exciting, and, doubtful struggle of the last 50 years. When tbe hostile forces shall have taken their posihons in the field, -we shall be better enabled to judge ofte issues of the battle. In the interval, it were absurd to suypose that an easy victory is secured for the Cincinnati nominee, before either the plans, the leadezr, or tbe forces of the enemy are ascertained.-New York Hcraid. [Advertisement4-The "Weeldy Dispatch" of Sunday nexe, June 22. ill cont5in an Esey, enltitled *-AUl Work and 'wo P?lay"-}-Itters on IThe Vicicaof the IriFb ChurOeb oIris F<1D_ cation"t by Publicola"- Truee with America' byZ ('Dtic"Towntallk-Arival of Genera Williams-Strike on tbe North5certera Iiailray, &c. Offlce, lIt. Fltet-ata;eet.
NAVAL; AN:D 3LTARY INTBLLITGBNC. A. eular was issued from the War Department yesteraay, stating that thefollowing vessels passed the Bosphorus, ,n passage to England, on the 14th, 16th, and 17th inst. - Marley Hill, 14th, with 320 men Army Works Corps; Golden Fleece, 16th, with 38 men Royal Artillery; Alhbar, 16th, with 180 men Royal Artillery; Priace -Arthur, 16th, with 34th Regiment; Adelaide, 16th, -with 2d battalion of Royals; Candia, 16th, with 100 men Royal Artillery; Victoria, 17th, with 79th Regiment; Jason, 17th, with 260 men Royal Artillery; lady Russell, -7th, with 164 men Royal ArtiUery. Her Majesty's steam mortar ship Forth, 12, Captain lord John Hay, 0X., will leave Spithead for Plymouth in a day-or two. Her Majesty's screw sloop Harier, 17, Commander Derri- man, having refitted and readjusted her compasses, left Plymouth harbour and anchored at Spithead, to await sailing orders, on Wednesday night. Her Majesty's ships Shannon, Liffey, kc., are being prepared for the pendant in al respects, but they will not be put in commission unless necessity should call for their services. Her Majesty's steamship Himalaya, Commander Priest, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon to take * in coal and await orders. Her Majesty's steam despatch gunvessel Flying Fish, Commander Dew, was undocked yesterday at Portsmouth, after having been lengthened a little on the keel, and a little more blade added to her screw. The steam-transport Britannia, No. 2, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from Corfu, with the 3d West Middlesex Militia on board. The Sir Robert Sale, East Anglian, and Melbourne transports left Portsmouth on Wednesday evening and yesterday morning for the Thames. The Mfermaid convict ship arrived at Spithead yesterday from the Thames, to embark other prisoners. The Mercury cutter, Lieutenant Robinson, sailed from Portsmouth for the Channel Islands yesterday. Yesterday the Gavanbahry, a Turkish frigate, mounting 30 guns, Captain Mustapha Bey, arrived at Liverpool from Constantinople, for the purpose of being fitted with a screw propeller and the requisite machinery. The steamship Great Britain will sail from Liverpool for Malta with troops to-morrow. She wil then proceed to the Crimea and bring home troops. On the same day the Cleopatra is expected at Liverpool, from KBingstown, with an English militia regiment. She wiU sail on the same evening for Dublin with a field battery of five officers, 1S4 men, 122 horses, 6 guns, and 11 carriages. On the 26th inst. the Assistance steamer will sail for Malta with detachasents of the 1st, 14th, 21st, 47th, 57th, 68th, and 71st Regiments of Foot. Yesterday the screw corvette Scylla, of 21 guns, was launched at Sheerness. She is of the following dimensions:Length between perpendiculars, 200 ft.; length of keel for tonnage, 171 ft. 9Oin.; breadth (extreme), 40 ft. 41 in. ditto for tonnage, 40ft.0 iin.; ditto moulded, 39ft. 4i in.; depth in hold, 23 ft. ll in.; burden in tons, 1,466 55-94; horse power of engines, 400. She was christened by Miss Tucker, daughter of Captain Super. intendent John Jervis Tucker, of HIer Majesty's dockyard at Sheerness. The Scylla has been built under the directions of Mr. Samuel Read, master shipwright. The Rhadamanthus, 4 guns, paddlewheel steam-transport, Master-commander Edmund P. Cole, from Woolwich, has been taken into the basin at Sheerness, having landed the spare store boilers for the MIiranda, and the screw propeller for the Scylla. She is to be put out of the basin this day, and returns to Woolwich. Three hundred labourers, from the carriage department of Woolwich Arsenal, and a like number from the Labora. tory, have received notice that their services wiU not be required after the 30th instant. Some interesting trials took place yesterday morning in the outer basin of Woolwich dockyard, with Mr. Francis's patent metalUic lifeboats, and one of his metallic army waggons. Commodore Shepherd, superintendent of that docLyard; Mr. M'Donald, master attendant; and Mr. Rice, the master shipwright; were the official spectators from the department, the showery state of the weather having prevented the attendance, as arranged, of the Lords of the Admiralty. Colonel Tuloh, R.A., director of the carriage department of Woolwich Arsenal; Colonel Sand&sam, commandingRooyalEngineers atChatham; MajorEyre, F.R.G.S., Bengal ArtiUery; and Captain Clerk, R.A., were likewise in attendance to report on the experiments, with a view of superseding the use of wooden boats, and also of introducimg the metallic waggons into general army use. After proving in various ways the difficulty of capsizingthe boats even by more than ordinary means, a strong man, with a large long-bandied axe, struck some 20 blows in one spot -with all the strength he could muster without being able to make so much as an indentation. One of the smallest boats was then put on shore, and rolled and tossed about on the pavement; then lifted up many times on its end and suffered to fall with great violence on the stones. Only a few trifling indentations were produced on the sides, but these -were speedily set to rights by a few blows of a hammer. It was then launched into the water, and rowed many times against the stone pier, end on, with all the power of four men and one to steer, aU of which did not injure the boat for cause her to leak. The mnetallic waggon was likewise placed in the water, vwith the whole of its running gear attached, including the pole; the weight was 17cwt. 411. A number of men then got in, -which brought the waggon down to within a foot from thewater's edge. Attempts were then made to upset it by the whole of the men bearing down, first on one side and then on the other, but without effect. The upper edge of the waggon could not be brought below the water. The next trial was with the body alone, the running gear being detached and allowed to sink in the basin; exeertions were then made to upset it, but with the same result. It was then loaded with planks and two men, weighing about 34 cwt., but neither m this case could any roUing bring the upper edge under water, the whole of the experiments turning out successfuL Colonel Strange, with the officers and gunners, and their horses, composing the Royal HXorse Artillery battery, landed en Tuesday from the transport Brandon, arrived yesterday evening at Woolwicb, and were admitted to head-quarters, The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty *- Lieutenant G. C. Sinclair, to the LIpregnable; Lieutenant H. G. Silverlock, to the Victory; lieutenant Robert Pitman, to the Victory. Sir Charles Wood, as First Lord of the Admiralty, had a levee yesterday afternoon at the Admiralty, when the following officers attended :-Rear-Addmiral Talbot, RearAdniral Bethune, Captain W. A. Willis, Captain A. H. Ingram. Captain J. Hayes, Captain a. D. Prevost, Captain J. W. 3acxwel, Captain J. Miller, Captain T. H. Binstead, Captair W. Forbes. Captain Jones, Captain Newell, Commander B. Haines, Commander A. Heseltine, Commander F. Davies, Commander C. Gayton, Commander F. Cannon, Commander Lord Francis Iussell, Commander L. W. Hlire Commander G. F. Westbrook, Commander G. L. Norcock, Commander B. Jenner, Commander C. Phayre, Commander J. H. Chads, Commander H. B. King, Commander W. Taylor, Commander Drury, Commander Gennys, and Lieutenant W. Boyce. The depot of the 5th Dragoon Guards have left Dablin for Scotland. Two sergeants, 147 rank and file, G3M depOt, left Birr on Monday for Cork, to sail to Halifax to join the service companies. The draught of the 9th depot in Limerick have left for Cork, to embark for Quebec to join the service companies; also a draught of the 17th and 23th depots. The officers are -9th Re't ,Ensign J.MiZassy; 17th, Ensign Thomas R. Hunt; 3'Jtls, Ensign Foyson. THE MILITIT. We stated inu Te Tines of Mlonday that theWorcestershire Mfiltia had been disbanded. A meeting of gentlemen connected with the city and county of Worcester has been held this week at Worcester, ut which, on the motion of the Mayor of Worcester, Eeconded by Sir Charles Hastings, it was resolved:-" That it is due to the militia force of the county and city of Worcester, recently disembodied, that tneir conduct and services should be publicly acknowledged by the county and city. That fr rsuch purpose it will be proper to invite the officers of the regiment to a public dXinner, and to requreit the Lord-Lieutenant (Lord Lyttelton) to take the chair." A committee was appointed, and the Mfayors of Use several corporate towns in the county wore invited to contcur in th'e objects of the reso- luton. The West York Rifle R egissent of Militia have returned from Ireland to the head-quarte-s, at i'ontefract, Yorkshire previously to being disembodied, but nd orders for dismissal have yet arrived. The 2d West York Regiment of Militia have retured to York, after doing garrison duty in the Mediterranean, and are Waiting the o-ders for disembodiment. A return of the regiments of militia in the united kingdom that volunteered for service abroad dtring the lae war, printed with the Parliamentary papers yesterday, shows that the following regiments had thus volunteered their services to Hfer Mlajesty :_ Enlish.-Royal Berks, Royal Breeknock, Cambridge, Royal Cornwalland DevonMinersArtilery Royal Denbigh Sotah Devon, Devon Artillery, Dorset, Essex Rifles,Wt :Eesex, East Kent, Kent Artrilery, let Royal Lancahire 3d i,Royal Lancashire, 4th Royal Lancashire, 0th Lancashire, Royl out Lncon,3d oyl Mddese, thRoyal Mid- Tcc&h.-Damfries, Forf-a, Royal Renfrow, and Stir lrish~.-Royal Antrim, Armagh, North Cork, South Cork, Royal South Down, Royali Dublin City, Fermanagh. Limerick City, 1-ongford, Roscomnmon, South Tipperary, and Westm~tbh. ThLe Oxfordshire Militia returned from Corfu on Friday lat, the 13th, and the whole regiment is now in Oxford. To welcome their return the noblemen and gentlemen of the county have invif"i ti' "M-"rs to a public dinner at the County-hall on WU 24th mSLS and the non-commissioned omEers and men will be enteraned on a subsequent day.
THE INUNDA2 oNs IN FRANCE. The foUowip;g letter from the Prefect of the Seine has be-,va received by the Lord Mlayor. the committe- were yesterday able to authorize the trnar5nr 0sion of another sum of o00,000f. to Pans, and& subscrintions are still coming in most liberally. The East Iidia Company have sent 5001. "Cabinet du Prefet de la Seine, Paris, le 18 Juiu. "My Lord,-Si je n'ai pas encore repondu a la lettre que votre Seigneurie m'a fait l'honneur de m'ecrire pour rannoncer un premier versement de cent mile francs i valoir sur les premiers fonds de la souseription Anglaise en faveur des inond6s de France, c'est quo j'at'endais d'avoir pu f.aire recevoir cetto somme de 3E de Rothschild, qui Pa mise a ma disposition, et que l'interruption caus6e par les f8tes du bapteme dans le service des caisses municipales m'en a empkchU jusqu'!& pr6sent. Mais j'ai eu soin de faire publier ce premier envoi. Je remplis aujourd'hui an agr6able devoir en remerciant votre Seigneurie des excellentes nouvelles contenues dans sfS deux lettres des 13 et 17 de cemois, et en lui exprimantcombien je snis touch6 de sa cooperation cordiale, et rejoui desdetails si pleins d'intAret qu'elle veut bien me donner sur la inarche de la souscription Anglaise. La France apprendra avec une vive reconnaissance que S.M1. Ia Reine d'Angleterre et S.AJR. le Prince Alberty ont daign6 prendre part pour des sommes tres importantes. " Ces dispositions g6n6reuses vont recevoir la publicite qu'elles m6ritent et qui temoignera de nitre profonde gratitude. "Veuillez agr6er, my Lord, l'assurance de ma haute consideration et de mes sentiments d6vou6s. " Baron HAUSSMA"N, le Pr6fet de la Seine. " sa Seigneurie le trcs Honorable Lord MLaire de la Cit6 de Londres." TOWN'S MEETING IN LIVERPOOL. A town's meeting, convened by the Mayor, Mr. J. Stewart, was held yesterday in the Old Sessions-house, Chapel-street, Liverpool, for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers by the recent inundations in France, and organizing a subscription in the town in aid of thefund for their relief. The MAYOR, in stating the object of the meeting, expressed a hope that the alliance between the two nations, which hadbeen commenced in war, would be perpetuated in peace. The Rev. Rector CA3rPDELLn moved the first resolution:"That the inhabitants of Liverpcol deeply sympathize with those of our fiiends and allies in France who have lately been subjected, under Providence, to severe affliction by the inundation which has destroyed so large a portion of their property, and reduced many thousands to extreme distress." As a minister of that great peace society, the Church of England, he rejoiced to have the priviloge of co-operating in this work of peace. Mfr. AsrrsnI,, barristerj(andaReoman CathoEic),seconded the resolution, which was unanimously adopteod. Mr. W. RxnsBo.YEz moved the second resolution: " That this meeting desires to expresssincere sympathy with the sufferings of the French people, and will most cordially assist in the efforts now being made for the asleviation of their distress." He advocated inunediate and substantial aid in eloquent turms, describing the calamity in powerful colours, and expressing his admiration of the kind and fatherly conduct of the Emperor, who by his presence and personal condolence, and still more by the tears of pity he had shed, had done much to ondear himself to his soffering subjects. He hoped Liverpool would manifest those sympathies which were the strong bonds that bound brother to brother, and nation to nation. MEr. Alderman S. HoLusE, in seconding the resolution, combated the selfish argument of some that France was in a Position to attend to its own sufferings. Benevolence was not geographical-was not resticted by mountains and rivers, or the conventional boundaries of the ocean. True benevolence taught them that wherever calamity existed in the world it was a duty and a privilege to fly to its alleviation. The proposition was unanimously adopted. The Rev. HUGH STOwxEra BRowxmoved the thirdresolution:- " That the clergy and ministers of religion of all denominations in this toown be requested to give their valuable aid and assistance in carrying out the object of this meeting.), He argued the question on the broad principle of Chris. tian charity, which, in the definition of its founder, " never faileth," and not on that of human charity, which, according to an old proverb he hoped would now explode, that ";Charity begins at home." Charity had been beginning at home so long that she had become so weak that she had better go abroad. That charity beginning at home was a piece of hollow, hypocritical cant. Ask its professors for aid for Ireland, and they would say " Charity begins at home ;" for England, and " Charity begins at home ;" for their own town, and " Charity begins at home ," for their own ward, and still "Charity begins at home;" and they might go on further until they found the wretches had no charity at all. (Cheers.) Mlr. HENRY DxAsoN, as representing the trading classes, said they would not be found behindhand with the commercial part of the community in their desire to assist the suffering peoole of France. The resolution was adonted unanimously, as also another, moved by Mr. HArTTo (a magistrate), of the firm of Brown, Shipley, and Co., and seconded by Mr. BEAs Ansu&nn, appointing a committee for organizing the subscription. Among the subscriptions announced to have been already raised at Liverpel was a contribution of 2001., by Messrs. D. and C. 'Iver, which had been transmitted through their agent at Havre. A vote of thanks to the Mayor terminated the proceed- ings. ,
PRUxCE NATOILEON'S VISIT TO THE NORTH.- SlIoELDS, June 18.-A few lines which were despatched from this place at noon to-day announced the unexpected arrival of Prince Napoleon off the Tyne this morning in the yacht La Xeine Hortense. The Imperial visitor landed at 6 o'clock in the morning, accompanied by several French scientific gentlemen, and in a very quiet and unostenttious manner took the first train to Newcastle. It was thought that the Imperial party would visit some of the large works in the neighbourhood of that town, but they did not do so; for, after an interview wvith Le Comte de Mericourt, the French Consul, and after breakfasting at the Queen's Head Hotel, the Imperial party proceeded to Seghill Pit in the Hartley steam coal field, which they descended in company with Mr. John Carr, jun., one of the proprietors, and Mfr. Friar the viewer. They spent some time in exploring this extensive mine, and after coming to the surface again visited Hartley Colliery, which is now kept clear of water by one of the largest engines in the kingdom, Seaton Sluice, and other places in this interesting locality. The party rdached Tynemouth again about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and inimediately embarked, a Royal salute being fired from the Castle. La Reine Hortense will sail to night for Leith, and, after visiting Edinburgh and its locality, we understand it is the intention of the Prince and his party to proceed to Iceland, to make some scientific observations. THsE CRYSTAL PALACE WVnTIt-TowsRs.-The water-towers are among the most extraordinary, if not the most extraordinary, engineering works of the present day. Some idea of their strength and nmagnitude may be formed from the fact that each have to support, at a height of nearly 300 feet above the ground, a body of water of not less than 2,000 tons weight, and that this vast mass of fluid is constantly in motion, caused by the entry into the huge tank of the supply and the rushing out of the waters into the lower basins. The towers are polygonal in their construction, and are 46 feet in diameter from centre to centre of the columns. They are constructed, to a great extent, upon the same plan as the Crystal Palace-namely, of a series of cast iron columns and girders; and the whole of the height is divided into tiers or galleries, each of which, to the uppermost one, may be reached by a winding staircase. The total height of the towers, from the first floor or tier to the top of the chisaney-eap. is 279 feet, being 77 feet more than the entire height of the Monument of the fire of London ; 107 feet higher than the Nelson Column in Trafalgar-square; and l55 feet above that of the Duke of York, in Carlton-place. It is hardly necessary to say that from the summit of these lofty towers a most magnificent view may be obtained of the surrounding country, and on a clear day, and with the aid of a good glass, portions of the Channel can be distinctly seen. The tank on each tower supplies but one jet of water to the lower series of fountains, but this is a jet. The pressure on the mouth of this jet to the square inch is no less than 2621b., and the water rises, when undisturbed by wind, to a height of 280 feet. When the tank of the water tower is full, as was the case on Wednesday, the total weight resting on the foundation of the tower is something alarming, especially when we consider that the soil is clayey and the site upon the side of a steep hilL The weight on the foundation is-water in tank, 2,000 tons; wrought iron in tower, 240 tons ; cast ironin tower, 038 tons; glass, timber, lead, kc.; 200 tons ;-total weight of each tower, 3,078 tons. From the base of these towers iron pipes are laid conducting the water to all the fountains of the npper and lower series. For this purpose upwards of ten miles of iron pipes are required. Through the smaliest of these pipes a person could easily crawl; the largest would accommodate several in its huge diameter. All form a gigantic network, spreading in every direction under the rich green turf and brilliant parterres of the grounds round the Palace. A SUnI of money as l.arge, we believe, as that expended on the whole of the Crystal Palace and its internal decorations and works of at has been expended in completing this magnificent system of water display. The magnitude of the undertaking may be conceived from the circumstance that when all the fountains are in full operation there are no less than 11,78S jets playing at once, through which 120,000 gallons of water pass per minute.-Globc. CRYSTAL PALLACE.-ONE SHITLLwNo DAY, ThuVrsday, June 19.-Admissions on payment, 4,441; ditto by season tickets, 325i; total visitors, 4,760. IURDERS NEAR MELTON MAOWERAY.-Ear1y yezterday morning (Thursday) the keeper of the Thorpe tollgate (a mile out of Melton, on the Grantham read), named Edward Woodcock, 70 years old, and his grandson, James Woodeeck, aged 10, were discovered barbarously murdered in their dwelling. The poor old man lay welteriag in his blood onl the house floor, with his throat cut, a buellet wound through his body; and at least a dozen stabs; and the little boylaydead in bed, with his head half severed, and his body also frightfully gashed. At the inquest imediately held before Mr. W. Latham, deputy-coroner, and a highly respectable jury, sufficient evidence was given to cnst strong supspisons upon a returned convict, namled Brown, of the neiqhbouring village of Scalford, who was inquiring the habits of Wvoodcock on the previous evening, and is now missing. This man is now being carefully searched for, and the inquest is adjourned.
IRELAND. (IFRO3 OURP OWN CORRESPVANMIWM I DUBLIN, THUR3SDAY RORIX'G. THB LAST GOVE.N3IENT DEFEAT. The unlucky mismanagement which permitted a repetition of the Maynooth victory on Tuesday last has greatly mortified the friends of mixed education at this side of the Channel, while it has in a proportionate degree exalted the horn of the party which, after ten years' hard knocking at the gates of the Legislature, has at length gained a temporary. entrance. TEE TIPP}RARY BANK. Judgment in the case of John Ginger-which decides the fate of the 54 English shareholders, dupes of the Sadleir swindle-will positively be given on Friday by the Master of the Rolls. In legal circles the impression seems to be all but general that the decision of the MIaster in Chancery will be reversed, and that the claims for exemption put in on behalf of those parties will be allowed. CURIous wILL. An advertisement from the Court of Chancery has been going the rounds of the Irish papers, in which it is stated that by an order of the Lord Eigh Chancellor, made in reference to the will of Thomas Charlton, deceased, a marriage portion of 61. 6a. to each couple wil be given on the occasion of the marriage of the sons of day labourers resident in the King's county, and the counties of Louth, Dublin, Kildare, Weatmeath, and Leitrim, with the daughters of day labourers resident in the counties of MIeath and Longford. The order further states that there is a considerable accumulation of funds for this purpose, and that it is to dispose of this that I the privilegeahasbeenextendedbeyond the boundaries of M,eath and Longford. The marriage resources of these counties appear to have been exhauisted under the consumption stimulated by the 61. 6s. marriage portion. It is now the business of the lads of the privileged counties to make the pilgrimage of Coelebs, and to repair to Mehrh and Longford, bent on matrimonial purposes and the realization of the 61. 6s. as a dowry. THE RALWAY FORGERIES. The Commission Grand Jury yesterday found true biUs on ten indictments in the case of Mr. James Montgomery Knighting, formerly a confidlential clerk of the Great Southern and Western Railway Company, the foreman stating that, in one of the cases, the witness had not attended. The further hearing of the matter was fixed for Friday (to-morrow). THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols (shut), 94 ; Three per Cents., for account, 8th of July, 94 ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 94g A ; ditto, for account, 8th of July, 94 ; Dublin and Kingstown Railway Debentures, 4 per cent. of 1001., 9S; National Bank, 35; Mining Company ot Ireland, for account, 15. Railways.-Cork and Bandon, for account, 9i Dublin and iingstown half-shares, 27 - Dublin and Wicklow, an; Great Southern and Western iEighths, Four per Cent. Preference, U1; Iish South-Eastern, for account, ; * lillarney Junction, 9 x. d.;* Midland Great lWesen Half-shares, 25A.; Waterford and lKilkenny, 4i.
SUSPICIOUS DEATH OP A LADY. A good deal of excitement has prevailed for tho last two or three days in a part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, occasioned by the, sudden and mysterious death of a lady near the village of Ilkley, a place well known for its wells and its hydropathic establishments. The facts are thus given in the Leeds .Mercmry of yesterday (Thursday):- " For some weeks past Mr. M'Xnight, a gentleman of considerable property in Dumifriesshire, has been staying at Ben Rhydding hydropathic establishment, near Ill;ey, under the care of Dr. Macleod. He was accompanied by his wife, an amiable and most lady-like person, 45 years of age. Having been restored to health, Mr. M¶Pnight made arrangements to leave Ben Rhydding on Wednesday, to visit a son at Cambridge University. About 10 o'clock on MIonday morning Mrs. MI'lnight left Ben Rhydding alone, for the purpose of walking into llkley, seeing her dressmaker, and making some trilling purchases. Vhen she left she had a purse containing a sovereign and half-sovereign in gold, and was in the enjoyment of perfect health. Shesaw her dressmaker and transacted some business with her, including the payment of a bill amounting to about 20s. Thence she proceeded to one or two shops and made some small purchases. About 12 o'clock, as near as we can ascertai, she left flkley to return to Ben Rhydding, taking the road across what is called the Cow Pastures. This road extends along the hiU side from Illey to Ben Rhydding, a distance of little more than a mile. From the moment of leaving llkdey she was never seen alive. "Between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon two persons passing along the Cow Pastures had their attention attracted to something lying nearly at the bottom of a ravite which is skirted by the footpath from Ben Rhydding to Ilkley ; and Upon approaching the spot they found it to be the body of a lady. She was lying upon her side, with her arms on ier chest and stomach, her legs crossed, and quite dead. qlse dress was not at all disordered or soiled,-in fact, the body looked as if it had been carefully laid where it was foand. An alarm was immediately raised, and a messenger despatched to Ben Rhydding, where the prolonged absence of Mrs. M'Knight had attracted attention. Dr. Macleod, MIr. 'Knight, and another gentleman hastened to the place, and the bodywas recognized as that of Mrs. M¶Inight, thouo^h the features were much changed. *'The first impression of Dr. Macleod and Mr. Ritchie, assistant to Mr. Spence, surgeon (the latter of whom had been brought to the spot upon the discovery of the body), was that death had arisen from disease of the heart. Upon examining her dress, however, it was discovered that she was without either purse or pocket handkerchief-a fact which at once gave rise to the gravest suspicions. Dr. Macleod and Mr. Ritchie examined the body externally, and found a mark upon the knee, as though the deceased had fallen upon it. 1he neck exhibited marks of external pressure, such as would produce strangulation; above the left eye there was a mark of violence; the eye itself was bloodshot- the wrists exhibited every appearance of having been tightly grasped; the veil was over the face, and covered with blood and broth; and that part of the bonmet which was upon the top of the head was indented, as if from a blow. " On Tuesday, Dr. Macleod and Mr. Ritchie made a post snorltesn? examination, and found the heart, the brain, and, indeed, all the organs, perfectly healthy. The vessels at the apex of the brain, however, were congested. The same day an inquest was held upon the body, before Mr. T. Brown, coroner, at the Wheatsheaf Inn, IlkIey. After hearing tLe evidence relating to the discovery of the body, &c., and the opinion of Mr. Ritchie, that the deceased had expired from congestion of the brain, the jury returned a verdict to that effect. With this verdict Dr. Macleod does not, we believe, at all agree. Unfortunately, he was not a witness at the inquest, or he would have stated his opinion that, although the deceased may have died of congestion of the brain, that congestion was, in all human probability, caused by strangulation. The deceased was as healthy as the most robust child; and there was, he states, nothing whatever in the post mortem appearances to justify the conclusion thlat death had arisen from natural causes. "- Dr. Macleod, whose experience in rost mortem examinations has been very extensive, expresses a strong opinion that the unfortunate lady was waylaid and garotted, and her body removed to the place where it was found, a distance of fully 20 yards from the road. This opinion receives no inconsiderable corroboration from some of the surrounding facts. There appears to be no doubt whatever, that when the deceased left Ilk;ey she vw as in possession oE her purse, though the contents could not have amounted to more than a few shillings. When the body was found the purse was missing, as well as her handkerchief, and her dress pocket (in which she carried both) was almost turned inside out. For some time previous to Monday a party of gipsies had been encamped in the immediate neighbourhood, and, within an hour of the time when the deceased was last seen alive, the camp was broken Up, the whole party suddenly disappeared from the locality, and their present whereabouts is unknown. Moreover, Dr. MIacleod has received a letter from a respectable resident of Ilkley, stating that a few minutes before 12 o'clock four fellows, of most suspicious appearance, were seen lurking about the neighbourhood. " These and other facts have led several persons to conclude that the unfortunate lady was waylaid and murdered, the object of her murderers being plunder. But against such a supposition there are some facts which it is important to remember. It is scarcely conceivable that a murder could have been committed in such a place and at such an hour without the murderers being seen, or the cries of their victim heard. There do not appear, moreover, to havebeen any marks of a struggle either in the road or at the spot where the bodywas found; and it is notat all animprobable assumption that, if the deceased was seized with suden illness, and rolled down the bank, the blow upon the head may have arisen from the fall, and the mark upon the throat been caused by the strings of the bonnet and veil being drawn tightly round the neck. Another consideration ;hich militates against the supposition of murder is, that the body was left in a place where it was so readily discovered, whereas it might, with scarcely more trouble, have been concealed effectually. Again, if murder had been committed for the purpose of plunder, it is not at all likely that the murderers would have been content to carry off a nurse containing only a few shillings, and leave upon the hands and arms of their victim rings and other jewelry of great valuae."1
TO THE EDITOR 0F THE T.MES. Sir,-Would you allow mue to correct a little inaccuracy in your report of the roceedings dt the India-house on the 18th on Lady AI'Caski l's case, whichl mlay perhaps prejudice the cause or wound the feelings of the claimant, whose cause I brought before the Courts Your reporter says that this case I had repeatedly been i;efore the CourI" The error arse frona my having moved at the Last quarterly Court for tEe papPrs which assigned the reasons for the z2fusal of Sirl. 2I'Ctskill's pay, which motion was lost. Tkis was the first time the subject had been before the proprietors. The el&ls, diaough supported by motves of geuerosity, 'was based o. atsrity. T had no authority to speak of Lady hI'Caskldll pecunnry zesources, nor did L The chairman at dirst reased:to discuss tue question,~ bB±, on the remonsrance of oneof the proprietors, didproduce sme of the reasons. As the qjueson is still nndecidsa!, if I±.st you 5SiJl 450W these O3creoions to be supplied. - ,J,O qolwJ0S 338, Strn.
HOBTICULTURAL GARDENS, CHISWICK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTMRS. Sir,-I appeal through you to the public in behalf of an object, to abolish which, I know, would, by many foreigners as well as by my fellow-countrymen, be considered a national disgrace. The Horticultural Gardens at Chiswick, after having conferred incalculable benefits upon gardening for the last 34 years, are to be sold, unless 5,000l-more than 3,0001. of which has already been subscribed-can be raised before the 24th of this mionth of June. Independently of a large number of valuable specimens of rare trees, these gardens contain the most perfect collection of fruit trees in the world, got together and classified at great trouble and expense, grafts of any variety of which may be obtained on application through a Fellow of the society. Here the merits of any novelties in seeds or plants are, under the most skilful management, fairly brought to the test; and if anything is proved to be valuable it is propagated, and multiplied, and distributed also through the same means. The Chiswick Gardens are, in fact, most justly looked upon, both at home and on the continent, as the standard authority upon all matters of horticulture. The expenses of these gardens have been defrayed by the subscriptions of the Fellows and by the well-known exhibitions of flowers and fruit; aud although the profits of these exhibitions have been ample in former years, yet for the LXst two seasons, owing to the war, some singularly unpropitious weather, and the rivalry of other associations,*a loss has been incurred, and a large debt, which up to that time was in regular course of liquidation, has been increased. Under these circumstances the council have p20posed that the gardens should be sold; but the Fellows, naturally most anxious to preserve so important an establshment, have resolved to appeal to the public, which has so largely benefited by the society, and have opened a subscription for 5,0001., with which the council are wilng to try to carry on the gardens, as the report says, "with a view to experimental horticulture, the continued distribution of new plants, seeds, and fruit trees; the trial of new methods of cultivation ; and also for placing the corporation on a more popular basis." Nwew and more active members of council have been appointed, and there is little doubt that, with the patronage of the public and under new management, full success vrill be obtained. To the exertions of the Horticultural Society and to its gardens is mainly due-a fact not now sufficiently recognized-the very high rank to which gardening in the united kingdom has at present attained. I appeal to the noblemen andthewealthyof the land, who revel in all the luxuries that hothouses and conservatories can afford ; to the more modest owner of a greenhouse and beds of annuals; to the country clergyman, almost invariably a gardener; and, above all, to tbme ladies, those spirits of the garden, from Her Gracious Majesty downwards; in fact, to aU who love a garden-and who does not 7-in gratitude to the Horticultural Society, to come forward in this weei and add their mite to save the Chiswick-gardens from destruction ! To prove how they are valued on the continent, one German gentleman has offered 100. to the subscription, and throngs more would follow if the case were better knowvn. Only about 1,7001.-a mere trifle in such a wealthy land as this-is asked for to complete the smun required. With your help, Sir, that sumn wil surely be forthcoming before the 24th. T nvn.^ R;r, ^^aAAArnr AOLDISH F.B.S. June 17. PoLICE TEszvrum\m&.-Mr. Shaw, who for ma-y years acted as an inspector of the metropolitan detective police, has recontly been pensioned off by the Government, and on Tuesday his late brother ofFicers invited himnt the Beiford Hotel, Bedford-street, Covent-garden, and prasented him witha testiinoeal as a mark of respect for the mnanner in which-he had conducted himself while one of their colleagnes. The testinaonial consisted of a splendid gold watch, worth 301.k ;'± .a_handsome gold chai and sea]. 4
I r ':LOCAL CHABG!ES UPON HIPPIXG. HOTISE OF nmrnTm I'he committee met yesterday in room No. 18, Mr. LowE in the chair. Mr. SHUTIEWORIssU in continuation of his evidence, referred to various entries made by the corporation of Liverpool in their records, showing what they considered to be the boundary of the town and port in 1671, vwhen the lease for 1,000 years was grAnted to the corporation. After alluding to the purchases of land between the corporation and the dock trustees, which Mr. Shuttleworth said were 1 invariably settled by a jury and the price approved by the Lords of the Treasury, he went on to explain the course pursued by the corporation when complaints were made of the pressure ofthetown dues on salt, iron, coal, &c. in such cases the corporation had accepted a comrn-ition in lieu of the tolls legally due, this being the oil mode in -which, as they were advised, they could legally grant relief. This was first done in 1825, and compositions were made for five years, which were afterwards renewed for another five years. By the 92d section of the Municipal Corworation Act, which was pased in 1835, corporations were prohibited from Maing reductions mi tolls and dues of this descriotionbut, owing to an opzion which was taLen, the To-vwDaes Committeee, in July, 1838, agreed to a report continuing the smaller scale of tols as reduced by composition. Referring to the trade of Runcorn, Mr. Shuttleworth said that the number of ships entered at that rt in 1836 was 1,172; in 18462,474; andin 1855 3,182; sboiv a large increase in the trade. He had also a return of the tonnage of ships at Runcorn for a number of years past, commencing in 1819, the first year in which the corporation of Liverpool, kept a separate receiver there and separate entries were allowed to 'be made at the outer ports. In 1819 the toniage of sfips at Runcorn was 10,852; in i830 37,000; in 1840 93,000; in 1850 153,000; and in 1855 180,000 thus showing that, notwithstanding the establishmnent of railways, &c., the trade at Runcorn had greatly increased. It had been stated by Mr. Heron, Town Clerk of Manchester, that no town dues were levied there ; but this was not so in 1849-50, for he (Mr. Shuttleworth) found, on referring to the accounts, that a sum of 4191. 3s. 4d, had been recoived by Manchester for town dues for the year ending June, 1850. They also received market tolls to the amount of 15,000!. a-year, and these tolls were similar to the Liverpool town dues. Mr. Shuttleworth then read at length the opinions given by Sir Robert Peel, Lord John Russell, Lord Stanley, the Attorney-General Mr. Robinson, and others, on the debato at the passing of the Municipal Corporation Act, showing that it was considered that such tolls and dues as those in question ought notto be interfered with. He also quoted various cases, and, among others, " The Attorney-General v. the Corporation of Newcastle," and "TheAttormey-Generiv. the Corporation of Leicester," to prove that the new corporations nunder the Municipal Corporation Act wvere held to be in the same position as the old corporatons. Referring to the question of compensation, witness read the act passed in April, 1803, granting compensation to tho port of Southampton for the abolition of the petty customs, groundage, and anchorage tolls; also the act passed June 1847, awarding a compensation of 5001. a year to the port of Leith, on similar grounds; the act of June 1853, granting the port of Teignmouth 3,0001. in lieu of the town dues; the act of 180, to compensate the Duchy of Cornwall for the abolition of the duties on tin and lastly the act for the abolition of the harbour tolls of Dandee, and awarding compensation instead. Mr. Shuttleworth then explained the circumstances under which the corporation of Liverpool had built and endowed certain churches, which he said was made obligatory by an act passed since the Municipal Corporation Act. The average rates in Liverpool, since 1847, were 301,577!., exclusive of the poor rates. By the CHsAULYjT&-RThe corporation of Liverpool claimed to receivo the town dues upon all goods imported into, or exported from the port, from the Red Stone to the mouth of the River Riddle, to Frodsham-bridge and Warrington and Hoylake. They did not claim the right to increase the rates and dues, but they did to mal;e deductions in the shape of compositions, but not permanently to decrease them. They claimed the right to enforce these tolls by action at law. not by the forfeiture of goods or the imposition of fnes. :Freemen were exempt from all the dues except the anchorage, and this exemption appliedto the freemen of London, Bristol, Waterford, and Wexford; and the evidence on which the claim of the corporation rested was, as before stated, that Charles L, in 16, was in possession of these dues; that being so in possession he granted them to the city of London, who ass'igned them to Lord Molyneux, who, iL turn, conveyed them to the corporation of Liverpool, After a longer examination, to ascertain the evidence upon which the boundary of the prt of Liverpool was fixed by the corporaton, the room was cleared, and the committee decided that they would not take any other evidence this session than that referring to the case of LiverpooL The committee then adjourned mt1 lMonday next at 12
CA2.ADIAN VIEW OF THE AERICAi PEOPLE. (From the Afontr-fAdvertfser, May3L) 'While the American Government is doing its best to provoke a war with England, a state of anarchy, sufficient. to. engage all its energies, exists in its own dominions. Congressmen commit murders, senators are all but beaten to death in her Legidative Chambers, and bands of armed ruffians desolate the territory, assassinate the citizens, and fire the buildings in Kansas. The North sendsmen, money, and arms to the invaded territory, aud the South accepts the challenge by similar demonstrations. One thing only prevents a war with England; one only stays a civil war in kansas. The American eagle is a half-breed between a carrion vulture and a dunghill rooster. He lacks the courage necessary for fair combat, andhe crows the loudest vhen fnrthestfrom his enemy. The men of the Revolution are dead; their inferior children of 1812 are in their dotage the present generation, raised on hot cakes and sweet fisins, end stimulated with tobacco juice, is all talk and no cider, as destitute of the stamina on which courage is founded as its mothers are of flesh. Look at the women-charming at 16, faded at 20, toothless at 25, hideous at 30, dividing their time between their rockingchairs and their beds, incapable of exertion, incompetent to exercise, ever ailing, listless, lazy, straight up and down, ike an old-fashioned clothespin, making up the deficiency of theirdevelopmentswith whalebone, cotton, and branare these the things to suckle heroes? The racehas deteriorated and is dwindling away, and, but for the constant introduction of new and healthy blood from immigration, would disappear in a century. The moral deficiencies of the people are equal to the physical. The boys slang each other, but never fighb t the men assassinate, but never come to blows; they tJk terriblo things in public meetings, and confine their terrible doings to a concealed shot or a sudden stab at an unprepared enemly. Ministers of the Gospel advise bloodshed and take up subscriptions for rifles; everything necessary for a combat is sent to the scene of contention hut pluck; the men are whitelivered and afraid of each other, and if one party advances the other runs away, bouses are plundered and burnt and unarmed people butchered; if the assaulted pick up courage and advance again. the assailants run in their turn, and like scenes follow their footsteps. Indiguation meetings are held in all the cities of all the States, mnoney is subscribed for arms and ammunition, for food and clothing, patriotic orations thunder from the roshtum, and incendiary declamations from the pulpit; the North is about to vindicate its liberties, the East to fly to the assistance of its children; outraged liberty is to be appeased with the blood of the marauders, the freedom of the soil of Kansas to be reheved from the op.robrious despotism of its invaders. Now, surely there will be fighting. No, gentlemen, not a bit of it; it is still all talk-, very tall and superlative talk-, but still voaz ce pr wtccrsa nikiZ. For a year we have heard of civil war in Kansas, its territory invaded, its polls mobbed, its Legislature overthrows and usurped by ruffians, records of monstrous outr-aes,ofvioatinsof property. and of civil and nlitical unhsbeoeTheard of in a civilized country. 5T cvwere told the day of retribution WS coming-that the free-soil men were in arms, the whole territory was a huge-camp, intrenchments were thrown up, and caunon bristled on them; rifles were there, and tons of powder and leadL Terrible things were these rifles; they fired 20 times in a minute, and kldled their man at a mile. Thencame further wrongs. The President had conspired against the freedom of Kansas; United States'troops were sent in to disarm the true citizens, and to leave them at the mercy of individual rnfflans. Now then comes thetug of War; the law-abiding people have borne the last ontrage inow ansas will avenge herself. The women make cartridges, and practise with revolvers, the men flourish their weapons and talk of inker-hill. The invaders arrive, a sheriff with a dozen of men marches into the stronghold of the desperate freemen, and, lo ! the war spirit is extinguished like a farthingrushlight in-a tub of water; the bravest fly like sbeep without striking a blow, or daring to fire their long range rifles, even at a mile, and the rest sarrender their arms, and herd, cowering, with their women and children, while their dwellings are buned, their property plundered, and themselves threatened by heroes like themselves. Oh, shade of Washington! Oh, apple sarce and punkin pie ! Oh, 'asses sweetnin' and chicken fiins ! that the star-spangled banner should float over such a pack of coward braggarts ! And these are better than fair specimens of the people who talk of going to war with England in the same way as they do of conquering Nicaragua-who propose to make a week's excursion for the conquest of Canada, and would have been glad of the job of taking Sebastopol in a fort- nc do not think there is much occasion to be afraid of them, whether there be war or peace. A contest in which there are more hard knocks to be got than plunder is exactly the one in which our degenerate cousins have the least desire to engage. Let them hold Kansas meetings and summer meetings and Crampton indignation meetings if they please; talk is their peculiar vocation, a national institution, and one of the most innocent. With a population which, eager and ready to invade the rights and property of others, is without the courage to protect its own; with an army made up of the congregated scoundrels of all nations, and a fleet manned feebly, as it is, with such a set of riff-raff that while the one-half of the crews are in irons, guard boats, while in harbour, have to watch day and nig t to prevent the desertion of the others, and the service so unpopular that a single steamer has taken months after it was commissioned to obtain a crew-there is no more to be dreaded from war vponring, or the reality of it from the United States, than from similar gasconade, or actual action, on the part of his Serene Majesty the Emperor of Timbuctoo. It is simply ridiculous, and should be treated like another burlesque. THli& CALS 2 m RED SEA.-During the Peninsularand Oriental deamer BentinCk's passage up the Red Sea thic time with the Indian mails, a theatrical performance wa got upfor the,enefit of the NightingaleFund. Varied and highly succemsfailwere the pieces presented, and the financial auits of the ,evening amounted to some hunldreds of rupees. *mong itee company present, were Major-General bir James Ontrizsa KC.nB., the late Commissioner at Onde, Major-Genel isd Mrs. Lowe, MajorGenera! Brooke, Coiosne1Tucker, the kie Adjutant-General, Colonel .&astrtheij C,D,, Mr. Easa C; S3. &c
SALES BY AICTION. In~ Chancesy.-`Armstrong T. Stouna-T-ianaica. -ILrESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and ThIST it e oinform the public that tho SALE. of the above PRO. 1'fRY.avertised to take place This Day, at 1Z is POSTPONED At thle AMat Thius Day. MI~ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST beg .Y.-to inform the pubLc that &be various PROPERTIES advertises for SALE, at the Mast, THIS DAY, at .12, wfil be offered in the following order:- 1. Sinaresbrook, Esrex-L.ease of a semni-detaclied Eesideence, situa~te close to the forest and the railway station 2. Clapham, Surrey-Thxee Freehold Residences, situate Lear Ciaphanm New-park and CIaphain-commnon: in three lots 3. In the counties of Warwick and Worcester-The Barrels Fstate, containing about 3,040 acres, and the Freehold Rent Charge, Ullenhall in lii lots. Old Broad-street. Pall-mall-Parisian and Oriental China, Clocks, &c. *liTESRS FOTE an SN wllSELL by AUC±YL ION attheGalery 51 Pal-mll.THIDAY, June 20, at 3, an impotatin ofORIETAL HINA incudig several pairs of large Pariian nd erma ornmens, vsesand igurs, nd afewclocks, WsVltoa-on-Thame.s.-Capital Household Furniture. Borderel. Goose feather Beds -Mattresses. Chests of Drawers Wash-stand. Chairs, five-Motion Beer Engine, with metal pipe, Pots, gl1asses, &-c. J Pem ae, hitker- armit. Walton-on kii-Thms,oratudayJn 1.at 2,japnnd Fenc bdstad wh.tahds glastees, capes dearouer,blakets shets chna, las, csks spiri Pars,mlases. 1 mesares andnumrousothr itms. May be viewedthsday,and morning of sale. Sr-s-S ~ ~ ofD. E Coachnake's Pemiss an Stok-inTrad . ado PorMMtpTo is instCructgesad bIlatesTus ee o ceeh arietoSEL y UCI,,ORNE thef PrmSEs,L MISES als theremaiing tockin-T ate a e vieweds Lkat any time,and prticuars hd in ue coaeYo ath premises;tof D.le Austn, sq, soicior,12,Coptallcout. dhro exron-triet, asndgof theaucioner,cariag haaaa, ng-tret, oresan-edcbarse. he Portpool-lane.-Csetsaofscand harness. by ACTIN, n th prmiss o thelat Mesrs ofcthe and'Vsa .PotoltnGaysinteTHSAYat. fter tesl o.1, North-buildings, Finsbury.-Genuine Household Friture and effocts,-Unrescrved Sale. R. PETER BROAD vdil SELL by AUCTION, AI.. on the Premises. on Mlonday next, the 23d iust,, at 12, the useful HOUSEHIOLD FURNITURE, consisting of mahogany four-past and other bedsteads, clean bedding, chests of drawers, set of mahogany chwairs leo. card, and other tables, carpete, chimney glass, valu:4ble original oil painting, "The Judgment of Paris, ,water-colourdOhawlings prints, mahogany book-case and books, the usual ilrchen furniture, and various effects,.O vaview morning ofsale. Catalogues on the premises; and of the auictionuer, 28. Poultry. In Bankruiptcy-Erith, l(ent.-A complete and modern BreweryPlant - Furniture, &c.-By order of the Assignees. R GE .ROBINSON will SELL, on the Pro- M Rmies the Hop Pole Brewery High-street. on M.onday next, June.23. at 12. the PLALNT, which comprises an 18Sbarrel copper, a Barode's efigerto, cppe bahs,a mshtea, a wort pump, coolers A capItalreoldfrae Tiath-usrl.- 20tasts, siutewoiothingcrs a dray, aencob,i thadPonithespeir3 of Er.EdwardS. John. ,Sam BurokLacourt, Eaing-h county of i.orthampton.-By Mqr. THOMAUS REVIS, early in the month of August next. ~lIE stateconsits ofa Fa u-houe, situate in the I vllae o Crnfed, ithcanenint omesteads and farm-prorni~s, nd copac fam, ontinig aout167 acres of very superior turip,cor. ae pstue lnd,nowin heoccupation of a higly respetabe tnan. Dtaied artculrs illapparin future advertisenent. ad futherinfrmaton mybeobtanedon application to - Grass.-Greenwich Mlarshes, KCent. EI4SSRS. PRICKETT andI SONS will SELL, by J1AUCTION, at the Ship and Billet, Old Woolwich-road, Greenwich on Monday, June 23. at 4 in the afternoon, in four lots, the excelent rowin' CRPS o GRAS, upn 18acres of land, situate ini Grenwch iIrs~es nos'theShp ad illt,and'opposito Blackwall, togtethrdit thsex.Laterep tofac atFmiyHue x the 29hfSetebr.Mab vIewd tVagsea, near the Shi ad aile r tt.l oolmisch-rIadatteou Shriptan gCFancy Stationsery. and Toys.-By M1r. G. R. NOBLE, upon the Premires, onL Tuesday, June 24. at 12 ; rFRE IResidence cipie netrance hAil dining. drawingm. arsng breakfas rooms,es bed rchms kewteown, acllry andai othertdometicapartment,chaise-hoduse,taree-tallfstable,andr ow house, goo gade COthIgReehouse Thceifurniturectonsts fofmed sted and beddtg.ees,tsof draers bAUTables and cheairs, chna and dlays, Jl'atn 1 indry effets;asml uantity o faUncy stationery,oshow eases, and tos, Ma ber viewed, anurd cataogues-- dwbtainetonutespo anLreaises;ins inthae ineiHbourhom;tull, Arodgatoeet and HatM.Nble's ra.Old Kent-road.-Frehoedprounpentys, aouecntin eeton £231 lsetd.pe aunumarding frome lesesflsoss at Harofnatha Neiew-tow, caned A plair ofnacottagessiue Residentch teet, producing a rental of £34 a y -ear. V R. Cole. J. CoLLItesr hsreeve iecinsfo th_ oiaes,t ELb AUCTION, at the Mfart, on Tuusa,Jn 2,IW oes-o duayle, July is. at12in Slots, FEippHOLD ovitgRsoUND4ad IEN fromonfnivremis0 esstate in bHaetgtheram-utr250 Crsssteet, ahid wanehaiscrcead.Od caenEt-rend.y Threortyddo istofbrecentarection, Sendrleto leaes ofcorc term craving abt fo out r years to sevn, Thear grond rotents averagen abou Crofts, permhoster, andntemprpety'il h oldes ineslots acothrdsinger ;thre leases;loapi of Potwneat resienclotes, callped Alha cQtarles. frsituatind Saohns st0 dzret, poduceing aSrenty, ofn£34adyear Particula rsw maCeobanvedn o Mhesrrs. Brdges, Mason lae, and Brdgs solictors.23, Bd 'Lin-squre, bornsatlte sMa t;hand ofhMr CormauCollier.rce ciPoo ware-sroat.-Eeai oo untr R.rEGEORGEFULERISandg toSE willnc SELLtby TAl USELLb,atuthe ArCtI, on Thurisday,.June24at26, 0doren o (ciaelys as,O acond Sons shippuiag of vintags, ofe 1C4O NdFNSo 112 o rooved toU10Ear in bottle, togethrer abouat Ar0adian, Thistas winehi dmsca frrce r andcnb btronglygrcommlended fo rroitshig candoer, Sevra Thomprs.onbl and Sirgl t's-hurmesters andeman'thFarblestop's and p PoPither shipprs fthepipes tdtof Patowine, reetalyeotle, sieplthippedaby Quars,-1 Horsss, adrwnd Sees; 380 t doin ofnu sueroroher, including cas dozmen Rcelas Shamps,les mhayibe hand at canytime byeh paement. wthe wineees are lyrtingt wincelar,w2, Toke ndouse-ardona thbe sol custodyeo obein viaewe ahndtsed ind oth-er celarss on rich gilt praevos, afthe Hosvcv. Rilhitrr-.treet, estOil Conaugt-trrae, orcarerea.-Eegat mder Furnitue n-o euIng C ancDrawin Roomp Sit in Do ner.walnutawood lafie-toned Cot-s HutgePinfr-treein haundsomaich- China and Glaviiss, Enttgrh;avngs and Pcointiss BledmandTbleLnn.PrradSery n Rtes R X. CHLEWI begs toeiec announcethanstoh Awll o SLby puli GaUCTION, on Tedy June 24.i athe 12ts oureseayt ton a dccun of the nUhCumbr of lots,y mdein the CONENT of i 2 oomed HOSE Coonsr'istinho thre approatint Araia bhedsigteas withe Macstr of future Road beddingc complethe, wardrobes antchd, hest foflwn draers, doluable andPEsIngES viah-hAnd-taweitghomarbe tosand ap-ies rprat uexchineta tigr oudiretto, toilet. tab les,ase pato cheva andua drentilog glaes A mdrneawngproom ses sintwante wNood, incsluding chaise lostingehi. easd chars lady's8 chair, ande1chirsd in Utreehtimvelvt witha cohree Aleelsaofurt;ain owndows,o card andvoccsourh-art othstables,cmoe isrilia pae chjineyind othe r glamestione preichgltfaes, adwiclsaine tonedcottage le pinfrt, helegn Doresdt enrchina xird and Ote lraents onarveds maogan sidebwoar,e of tsi ter,lesophre dinn abls, bookasre,ta o2 chais i leaher eas coic ad cuch.Sueoundpaintig, prints,arnch chica dinerand essrt srvie, rch ert ass Bsesanothertm eartpets andnumeous ttecs. T bo iswe gon ortarand ruoerrugof tioneer. 13. Fore-street. city.te InChancery.-3n CoopemFr vuturoe, 2'-Vulula LeasenhIold Staites, fHuc ter-utreet, BrTwikeo biei ant-osd Qowtavela Cottang-hPilandfre RJ R.T.LEBUCHILDE has recCeived instructions t MoffErLforAUCTOE, attGsrrRwoms, onJne2, iuen-sthreelts, Chursnnui two adecree fofmh Hg Cnousret.et ofTHancerY,md iunte ousth of C2ooper v. Creoope fr,wt the approbaionc of ae the Righet HonUth Musotherbof stheaRoll, rtohoscourtasthe auseprinmttched,gothefollowin bery-n( valuagnblePRETIS vizgeA adweing-housey wandipreussbes sitatd No.gl w, huhnte-streeswt. masrwicktosquaned fppopriabote chin yearihs unexired taIes grun-entz of £28erso. iets one please atthe annua drentrel-fa £5c. Ac reiec andrarengsrs, suitae ino. wLinntwod,own-vuinga with utaingsllh for abou w3iyears unorexpired, sofi theostimatd Iocannua valu,eof £8. Atarlehose and premodes, sriintupate ciney land 3,iBry court, ctaldermanorbury and aloted undivie folurt-at 'ofd thes stalesan DnEremsdenshn andjoingther last-mentione plbraemises,rand wahiohgaid wareboun.set afndotbles areEoeae hedorabu 10 tabes, unexpired, aindet wnggoase f2carsi or towoeof lethemderm, finn thre daytts, atoo aprentalo ch2na dinn.er annum whss srichs, atridedcuctin glsd-rentselevs, jaunet prUostrenal oftdo £10ters andnumeforuth remainder Tof the tierm. Paticulars whrof maye bc hadofgMessrs. b Hobainedaworthean Trerms,and sofiitraW.. Ledury and Gaucawan'er and ofluMr. Le64il, St. Goorgaes-rd City,-Elstgant modernt Funture, Mortudn.rwn omSisi due alnu WOoI To billint-tned ocave CttgPinfre andEfleets.nnunesheba 12 ocloc. (rmove forthe onveiencnof Tru, ofthe exeln lat- vonl Frada,te 27th, day of June unulesa an acceptable offer be Ce- _imymd b nsPuate Contract), at the Fox Tavern, StowmarU-t, tho following ESTATE.S in loin :-Let1.TeLdeFr.ith parishes of Thorudon and Rishaneles,I Thentaondge Fa.rm. ip. the capital amable and Pastore land, with farm-houseaind buildings,1now on he occupation of Mr. Wmn. Ketry. let 2. Hbue atdlbyilrensFarm, inth psarishes of Thomnden and PsAhanile, consstinygreof FIa. rm in p. of good arable and Pasture land, with farm-honise and buildings, in the occupation of 11,sm Cook L~3 h a RHisbangleff otherwise Risangles and ,VortbLham h Bao of Let 4. The alieksleld Farm, situate in the pa wisthvo Mkitmembers. Debenbam, containing 152a. Is', lIp, of very finc hrber ofantfd pandur Iand,Vwith farm-house and buildings,' new in lb cupto o r Rlobert Simpsn. Lot 5. The Aspal Stonham Farmccuslonsit of M g6a Dr. 22p. of ter3 sfuperior arable anl tore laa YM lng of bmuildiscs,in the occupation of Mfr. W -a lliee Le6Th Stowupland Farm, comprising 142a. 2r. 19p. of esetr.i Lrab" The line old pasture land. with farm-house and bui:dig. inathe acrabto an of Mrs~. Tman. Possesson of the above esates can be had at Idiebeelms neil., with the exception of lot I, whic is under lease that expires at michaelmas, 115. arasticulars and conditions of sae with plans of the seTeral estates, are in preparation, aud will be rja~y for dist,ribution three weeks prior to the sae. Applications to be made t.o M. S~jurlig, Shotley,nesr lpswicb,and to Mdescr. Capron), Brabant, 40aDf Il aad Da1ton, a &VDI tCNW Barlioa-otrett, ILeadoD, Surplus TAnds of the South-Eastern RaUlway, at Canterbury, R.MARSH has been fAvoured with 'in-.Vjpns from the Directors of thre S3outh-Eastern liAL)way Corn ery to S13EL by AUCTION, at the Fountain HoUl atruy To-morrow. the a1t day of June, at 2 f- 3 o_',OCk. in 37 lots, very valuable and im~portant FREEHOLD sUILDIZIG LAND In plots, of about half an amc each, adatgoAyztae ad~inig te rllwy satin, tatbleaerthe erection of vila re - is Houm% situate of egen'smoad. t. Tom aren groadund. Stn tiuustrteaboveoad, tea5 eligible dge Etheperetioyf.ot haybeviwe, a4 ashw J' w"ithd ionstitions tofae obSiEdL at the Arius aIOWa- stthne Mat.he princial hoxtel iunte neighbourIng ltows; ef ibe, lAaNG LEg suveo tOL FR hERY Cmptany at Stuepoies, coPiKn fr oss Noait. 4M95051 Mandhla Regien,2 ~lt's-road,. 18louacs. NO i7tuao IZ nclusgen t's-romad. o , i thoea'read, and stre house6 aoL 9, oa 1, nea107 th an 1-bdg, 81 nsteputrody. a 1~AR. ~H has received netrutionse to prELLe by ..13 AUCION,at te Mat, o Monay lext Juno23 ater 12, in Hoots, eliiblaedlONG LSEHOLD PR-A T,niut attav rehl Itesidne, cdompising tve houeaS. gNouncs. 45,f the 51, ge and dyReget's-oa, and honius,Nous, to 12.rawa nlsIte.ti.n ithoa's-rodn,te sindte roar aondsen. houses, ION.91, at 1h, Mart, 1on a Mnday18, SJ ustne'23road1, (nlear the7Canal-bdidge,e hodf welPrivate Cothec ahl etluated tREprOLDuc rEnTAlTo aiboetf£100perlannum tanrdee heldongluashedfo astr Hofley years frcompladyta gnleanst atemoderate grond rhenotaes.yMa. haviewda goitend ticpect, weithodtionsy oftuale obanei n the pars fremte, ; atIethell abgent' thrern mnuesark fhrompterstyatin The Martlof Medsan. Martens,a Tehomas andhibl iHollant, aeing itn Coimercia comsleioois, Minchn-lae; metondz thateMring Mashsoces, on Chelouttero, cos.ansionhetofsE, ga h os otistre rnia e om n droeysw Vilm,andtodll surre.anW attrom,ractiue Freeoom .openinco. adjonmmoy ining treplesur broundoft them DowgrnLad rootm, lband. contiGuoust tahoue railwaysetatous, within3 minevnutes sieofr London an al. necesHw domstl receiv coihhnstrutind two-stalle stbye andweltIoN,e gresi alatbthe art,eo on aynest ue2. eatn 12, duney tirevioslyr dvilposedo by rvthe Cris; ontracthe Baluthl-FEterHOLd BSTiTg,tith Coree andes land laxredeemead, dlopistingurithed,asHoope Vlill,d compfletey gentlean' resIdencaye ia nb the otrneaser avn at sauaonthernd aspet,helight!orl iut isevng the pariahofuiate. atmRedditaes atRedhiol margly 'Paprtantlar being wb indie tacmmnicatione wihthee o r.Metroplsh, t he rloate-rigpaces Mon theouthcs s,an-h wetKfengland.thhoun containos thre porincipaldbedaroos. n dRe.in roM,AndH two secvne'ibed rootms,eraiongsomopnn toSELb aosrAUTIOry, dining Mroo , bre dakys room, mornen roomt1, lbyraery baith rhoom avnakehouseystae and wahhue,ngith mantsferant'srorace ove and alstnecessofyEdolesticuoffices, enach-hous eiand n tw-salledy siabe an Nel-tcedr gtheoCrs-inall Pabout, tyehreacres Seasnt ad. a tike 'arvailAbleb thes tracieinssfbthacthen tothEasL and Brihto ompanieLD TheIDexCEllen anoaprpriate furniture,, 7sup-an pinted reweity byontMesss Gitowa mriaye bed-en byh i otheucaer aotage valuatiobe anctd. asThe proprihetdor is leavigte neighbouyerhood iate-o gateuposentio mayl beedhaud.particulars maythaow bditaionedatlte, oamicesnof Ma.d Math W.Mrsofce,2 Charlotte-row.Mansao-house KeSinton,pcon-tiguusto LombrdHollan'ak IVIR.ARISH has received instructions to SELL by LIAlu-CTION,.at the MVart. Mn'onday next, June 23. at 12, by lorde of- thi-e Sutgached RnSMtNCFalnewsytreteda bhrick-bita REfrDENCe, wihropd andvantagseously sitopusatea,an beinig 4,s Watta9ield-traned on. theestmosiadeoflarl' Scourt-rpoa,Kn-sitone, beming~ m,b arpily esimprovingo nphoducerhentats presentiungectoeabout 1pestiateduto produc ahentlo,pranu,£),adhl upon lease,ffrra term of 37 years ueprd taSudrn. fromb Sieptember,m11s2,oa af gtoun repet ife tenanper annd Maytichor vee,adpriuaswith conditions of sale, obtained on the ore-ss; tte iklyj Amirs; atuthe amtnsret ;of Wesr. Dawvisan Bryan, solicitor,5,.rudeford-so, anu ;ad at Mir. MAlrsh's oiffices, 2. Charlotte-row, Mansion-hu, earha i the CryalSatiago Palace, Coypanya. Koent. onn MR. MARSH has reeifvedonsruc wtions toaSELLrby CI.atteMr.Mondlay next. June 23. at 12wtot eev , in 1 lot . f1 be ah 67SLHALEASEHL Rf0eSIDECES,15a come adprisin ine that6,mp8r and 9nd Welluisington-terraceels-road, SoydenSantialgo, pieceno groupnd, ground rent Muay beodo vfiewe, and prarticlrs,t-bithcoditios. ofPartcle,s ma eobtained at the tatofMesrs.; PathTrker and Sone Companyr, Lewirsad ham,rent-bids; and at Md. MaLrsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansusnhouse. rw efra(ldo pEain Ssigon-autampt on-stretCambehodnellmnts 1 IUR ARSH has received instructions to SELL b KItAUCTION, at the MNart, on Monday next, June 21. at 12, ini lot losI, semi-detached REASEIESTAES, siuteasomrtistance from thesr rad,e lanesd enclsed bys iro palisdes3, beming os.d7 Villas, elgatbdk Weitmeresidnd-lces,1,Sout3haptnd stffreet, anbrwdl the whol esti-3 Rmatent-roaducew brentals amounting-thaoute £140 per anum and 3 Aovrms,reSouthamcpitanstet;o Wu.n PTavis5,2,-i., soiio, 5, AruandelMtreet, trnac,and;I anat Mr. Marsh'solaces, 2,Charltt-rowd, MansoioningSaesi the Royaatlemankti;ao dMining-Compa,ny. , foreiedfornoan-pce NeY rth-roARS hasvoi beenk favouresdeue,Ns wit Binstrction anI234 from the Diretorsato SEL bye caUCtalbiON,buat thesiMarte, on Monday14 net,Jne2, atu1 Welingwi-thotreserv, liinet)sof10 sthareseach,a isand ofabCuba (Lond. ofIces2, anS1. Sbreadum-street-buldngs.) Particklar stetbuiltdinMg-osesan atoM. 2arh' offices2,2, ad2, Charlottey-grow,ean Thewhlougtelon-aub long Les t oerasehgold unvestents. ayb Djf. ARSH has received instructions to SELL ARLy AUCTION, at the Mart,o Monday nest June 23. at 12, in 32 vlots,bte vaLuabl LEfSEHOLD ESTLANDadtES, codemprisingttwohesr ablee -advarndaeoces,y situa. i2 larnd33.roadngod Villaset eighte brck buil raesdeHncvers,t1,e2, K,endt4,h-torned-foar an 10r of, 12, eand1, Rtmoeman-road;tw brick-ull dwthhellpiong-ofusehadingtops 2rando3, Doner-stret adathgeou cptalms Mailnes preises,2we 7,9 and 10tuIr, wt arkeitioterr ace. obaindead 2,th Markt-plc, of Gedong san-oad adsoin ingrlothe-new Clattle-market wlighue N.,Cldna-lc ing'-cros; dyedwellng-ouss.2i2n2728 nd20iSut-sret NewNoThIo..ad; sheve brckbut resindeynes. Jnos2. at12 ride-strot,,c-and2,3,4 aOnd 5, LAxuneHL-pD h caOPiRTal brick-uilten residnces 1 1,2, 13,1,5, and 16 Welinto-street, Motigil,lser-sqheuate. Thre whouses and t rsteblange tnos.nt12 atrndal am erounte-gtoreetpe and uix brick Tewoeheld u on les ong l omof9easesunxie, at moderatelo groundret.Myb viewed by10permisinu. the respecivewtenat, and particulars, withcni codtions of sale, obtainedIo h r s at the Mart; of W. D.Clioandllor Es.msoptonsur, ,Aedlstet tad; and at SIr. Marsh's offices, 2 hrot-o,Mnin Chrot-o,Mulnhouse. MeAsdo Buileding Landeem-Kenuriah-tGow in . os flJJsAUAO il E-Lb TION, at theMatModynx,ue23at1 i2 loinbyormer ofd theadortgagee, undter parpowe of salle,several very valabl PLTSof UILINGLAD,andta GredeemedRAndSith en mst avantgeou tems. ay b vieed, nd martclas withb 3, Ramond-uildigs, ray'sInn; nd atMr. arsh' ofics 2,r Calo tte-rw e, Mansonhosex. of Plte ad Plted rticettCing-hill.s 1uR. MARSH hasrecie ntutost SELL byAU TO ,ath 1,2 M,autnd4Famsre, Ne tton'ing-hill, cdlesex tonth gae.dTesdy whole letan toowriptbl teants atr2enach damouting thof of pher apprum,iand hld UpoNITlease foetr fya icudnexpired, at r the veryawigro rentuor £10 perningoms.Mayd Lbervewe, teappndpartceas ofithe condition ofsaleObtinedon he pemies;atph artmns; ofhW Deavis Esci. slsctor 5,Aunlelstret,Strnd;andoat a. Mash' dozies.th Charlotte-row, Mansion-house.d ot-dos Nesaden, Mildlesfen.-Mihlydlimporuturant Growexeningal rops.h ~/R. MlARSH will SELL by AUCTION, at the neaboyextara,June 25,sdaty, abut 130 acre foflGowin G GRys a SS, co stadin; o th aovefana. he n an d r requstd to'meet G mined; also at then(Iheiers principal nsi h nihorod;ada a Marsh's offices. 2, Charlotte-row.aMansion-house Greehous Plnts,andehouet.Freod R.M RHwil SELL by AUCTION, at theILL ansin, Nardnst, Wilerde, aMidlEsexOnD WDnVEsdy,Jly_ FURNIURE nd ~Limehouse includingXmitesfrate rawin. ,r of wnes,of te coicet chracer ~, cotainriongstraboua110doznh serice ofplae ad patd atices,chia,tlas, alpaintins,line, oos an teoSes,t caoriges, -haress gEe.smholse polans, n utdu Willeriden-roaddeset.-Legbly Importatmand, exteucnsiv zsale6fthe J ORN HARSH wil SELL by AUCTION, at Garha " way'sfams on Tuesday . July2, t15, and followigty,t FIVE LorkF eilrachday, thamotn n valuab lepoto gon ivtte rand deadticFaxsarG riheadigree.io 6o0fficeste 32 and outheetDownshe, 40mmecalrtdoeas,t60 pis,wllgtaold mado hay, mntodemts farin impEdLemns waOgen carth, sharnes, 1o.07 hand elpGoldmth'ryw,1aackneofrbarid, anda miclla-o neousdi efets.Sahe via, ewe ath3er dayprior ans,adwmorningshofusae, and ctalogues abtaineddat thetfarms,fandat,Ma. SCanno'sstreeces, , cuomlottea-rowd. asinhue Lisnohose.-Fr eh Huo hldFuntue TORNHINDwillSEL by UCTIN atGay frame dining tables, secretaire bookcase, noble chimney glarses, suites of curtains, a rosewood drawing room mite in tabaret. exoeBelet cham- ber fittWeings,onobesqaemi-hngedwaroderobe maoany egand Hmhpewold glrasses e, . alsortamehall fittin s, doetcan kiothen raequstes Baouotdnooreffedcts,eiro gardenrlle, varses an arositm.Syb viewed,O and caaoushd NntepeIsesHan hate Mr.ecevdwr Lueys ofies 17 CanErLy- ulan,c.E AUThIs desiabl Rhesidoenc withcoachoue sab ung e an fui, flower, andwoIo ktchen garderaud,e Funiur, ndrsnsnt ffects,UR and-ctv cabieTS Piaoforte in rsewod aseby inyl Prisewo, &covrde.at nU hg IlL istrucions o SELdbytPblecicneAUCTIONe,uponr theaboves andgimdol, i cavedand gut frames. dining room andL study faorsuture so mhogan ,yr,sideboard, with plate-glass back, expanding dinng abl. csycair, i leather, chairs coveredL en suite withn curtain, iombssemrestvevet anottoman bed in leather, Bros. eel an Ohercapet ad cgs ga candeliers in or-monluandbronre taoge otand nth peiss;sd tthe oSALce of the auc-11 Thisbl DS.TheK Fourt Portio oftevlal tc f srows.adCo Barownesad o University-st reet , HI inldnD mrlsArozsYo JuLne, to clear the premises by Midsume-a,adwl nld mnany valuable groups, 16gures, andbutinmrl;egtabe statues of Italian Poets andL painters, sz of life ; tte,gop vases, &a., in marble and stone, dpe for pleaueeonsn gardens ; a few choic-e ta-onres. rareMsi and other tbetp,fn specimnens of scagLoioa in pedesa rcete, &C.; beautflsaur andric frein mrbe cimny-iecs dsinedwt ra atn Extensive Stock of Chased andAntiquso Dlate, comprsing 3,0003 ounces, Jeweller, Watches Cautery. ant milscellaneouis Fanoy Goods of Mr., H. If. Faierg. deceased. 34. Ludgate-hilL a5U L nstd SON resipectfully announce that the B,. are instructed by the Executrix of Mr. Falems deceased, to SELl byAUOFION, on the Pre ies 34, Ludgate-hiU,on MonO,y, Jim.23: Tuesdlay June 24 : and Thursday, June 26, at 12, the elegant STOCK ot modern,AWELLERY. comp,iang haindsome gold neck anid guard chatr,, stone ard fancy ringg, brooches, ear-1 lons, braoeetste pin, lockets, studs pencilcaces, =snufboxes zeals and keys scent bottles, gold and sliver watcbes, about 3,600 ounces of CIA:sed and antAque plate. Inclading rich cups -and tankards. vwaters c-orner dishes cu tureens, canadelabra king's paittern and other SliOOns and forks, band som te an cofeeseriec, tbleanddesertknaves and forks, cake basets kn 30dresin sd jwelcass, lageassortment of pen ind pocet nivs, asos, cisor, atohercutery sell combs, fans, tea- ofgilt andsblac t work,to,:aldo th househomld fuenA~Tuo Handtade D3ULLEN and SON are directed to SELL by XUGJLTIONoathe Premises. on ThursdLy, June 2& at 10 forl in, laota, allth vauale UIDI7G ATRIAS ndFIXTUR}SOf TWO HOUSS. oe.San 6,Orsaam-tret wst,Wood-street ; comp3 tI . soun brikwor, pun ad pa ties, ak ad r timber, in roofs an~ door, glredcaris, oom,doo hoads,chopfrots, eadgutters, Freehold Houses and Shops, Bteech-street, Barbicn prouig£ per annum, and offerin-g an excellent opportunitfo inivetet DULLEN and SON are directed to SL yAC L TEON. at the M,art. on Wednesday, Jn 5 t1,i w os vexy desirable FREEHOLD ESTATE,cmrsnAh usatal built business premises, shops, and dLwelighue,avnaon situateNoo. 30.31, and 32. Beech-etreet,the corner of Wiere-tet tmsesnarontage of 100 feet to thuce importaLt toogfrs n Eat5he midst of a populous and business neighbourhodb o.3 n 32 are let on lease ior 21 years from 1845, at the very low rent of£0pe annum, and No. 30 is let for an unexpired term of three years, a te e rent of£55 perannum. MNay beviewed by leave ofthteas.Ptculars bad of Messr. Tyrrell, Paine, and Laytonsocir,Chcpassage, Guildhall; at the Mart; and ofPlenadSn80Fostreet, Cripplegate. Watling-street, close to New Cannon-btreet.---CaPital long FLeasebold Investment, in the heart of the city, prodUCing a secure rental of £60 ' nu,wth prepetive advantoges. fuLLnand SONhave r eceived instructions from the Executors to BELL hy AUCTION, at the fart, on WVednesday. June 25, atl12, amost eligible long LEASEiOLD ESTATE; consistinig of the excellent dwelling-house, warehouse, and husinesp- mies 48, Watling-street. within a few paces of Queen-street, and n nonsteetwet lt n las (ganed efrethe formation of the new held ferom St.e ThombsusHospital iford0iyar Materalgroun reent ofa£15 Residences, to clear the site for the Royal London Militia Depot. -DULLEN and SON are honoured with instructions, JLfromn ler Majesty's Commissioners of Lieuteinaney for the City of London, to SELLbyAUOTION, on the peemnises, on Mondlay. June30. and Mfollowing day. at 12, in lots, the whole of the exoellentBllILDIN~G MlATERIAL, fictures and fittings-up of seven residences, of an sinusually superior description. Noe. 19 to 25 inclusive, in Artillery-place, adijoining the Artillery-ground, comprising 8t0,000 capital stock bricks. prime o - said fir timber, in large and useful scantings, CO square of elates and elating boards, 12 tons of lead in gutters, dlata, cisterns, sand ipe3, 200 pair glazed sashee, with shutters, modem doors, Dartitions, handsome marble chimnney pieces and interior fittings up, 360 square of capitol boarded and timberfboors. stone paving and steps, coping and cWls, iron balconies and verandahs, 300 feet run of iron railing, 103 modem stoves and ranges, coppers, force pumaps, large iron hookeafes, gas fittings, and all the expensive house and office fixtuLres May be viewed on Friday and Saturday previous. Catalogues had of Henley Smith. Esoq., clerk to the Lieutenancy, 4, Warnford-comrt: of Joseph Jennings Esq,. Architect, 3, Foley-place ; and of Poallen and Son, SO, Fore-street, Cnipplegate, Lower Tottenham,-Frchold Houses and Ground Rents, Union-row, 'Union-square. and ina firont of the high cord, producing £115 per annum, with Reversion to the Rtack B ents at the expiration of the existing leases. P11ULEN and SON are favouredl with instructions ,Lfrom the Trustees and Executers of Mrs. MEary Robfinson, deceased, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuezday, July 22, at 12, in three lots, valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES, comprising 25 houses in Unton-equase, and inci'ading the whole of Union-row, with two houses and shops (in the occupation of Messrs Allard and Barton), fronting the high road, Lower Tottenhami, Middlesex, opposite the Independent Chapel, Let on leases which expire in 1560. 1871. and 1876, at the several ground and reserved retsi of £80. £17. £22, and £16G. May be viewed by leave of the tenants; particulars had of Messrs. Tyrrell, Paine. and Layton, solicitors. Church-passage Guildhall- at the Mart; and of Pollen and Son, SO, Fore-street, Cripplegate. Wite Hart-lane Tottenham,-Valuable Freehold Ground Rents and BuligLn,with eariy reversion; also a FReehold Cottage Ranideuce known as the White-cottage, pleasantly situate the corner of Wht art-lane. DULLEN an SON respectfealIy announce that they aredircte bytheTrustees and Executors of Mrs. Mary Robinson.o SEL byAUCTON,at the Mart, on Tuesday, July 22, at 12, FREEHOD GIttyND RIIS,anmounting to £17 1Is. per annum, arisng roma vauabe peceor parcel of land, with 10 dweliing Houses erce thron itaeo h north side of%White Hart-lane. Totted. ham near th omee ulchue ith avaluable Plot of Freeholdand dtomg,thwhl letat groundrentsamounting te£1713g. perannm, n lase whchexpire in 1872 and 18%0when the urchaser willcomeintopossssio ofthe reversionary increasedI uo of the a eibeFreehold detached Rocidenre, called the cherfuly ituteat the corner of White Hart-lane, let o M. linlonuntil November 1857 at the very low rent of £6 pe anum. ay b viwed ayIeae of the tenants, Particlar hd o Mesr. Trrel.Paie, ndLayton, solicitors, Churchpassa"egudhl;ate rMr:ado ullen end Son, SO, Forestreet,.~rppeao Freehold Houses, Cock-lane, Smithfield, prouig£5pranm P ULL'EN and SON a-re directedbyteTuesan Executor2 of Mrs. Mary Robinson decae,to SL yAC TION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, July 22, at 2 an eiil RE HOLD INVESTMENT, in the city of London, ossigo.he itHe occu-platinc Mse . ae Rx n Renmts, old tenans., at-n netrent, amouantigtd 7 peranu.Mye viewe Truseveof thd LExecuts,Prtiuars a ofM M essrs R yrobi Pane by LAyCTION. soli ctoeMrs,oChurc-pssage, Gulydai 22 and of, PllEnHanDSn 80R OreRHolloway-pacentsing ton,F10seter Groin aundaRntly of £3ulrs, abn-w daitlantl seu redsta Twncpal HolW-otse uslersya( and shops. it Iargegarens andth rear aosteldirecyuted b'ose Trste and 5 oiwy place, in front of the high road at Holloway, near the gate, in the occupation of Metssrs. Telling anid Cotching;, let on two leases, expiring in 13O1. at ground renta amounting toSId lOs. per annum. Mlay be viewed by leave of the tenants. Particulars had cc 'Messrs. Tysrell, Paine. and Layton. sollcitors Church-psesege, Guildhall ; and of Pollen and Smn, 30, Fore-street, Cripplegat. Serle's-place, Temnple-bar.-Freehold Ground Rents, IDULLEN and SON are instructed by~ the Trustees -L1 and Executors of Mrs. Mary Robinson to SELL bay AUCTION, at the Mfart on Tuesday, July the 22d, at 1.2 o'clock. FREE1HOLD GROUND iIEtS f£1 n £6 Cs. per annum, amply secured upo two substantiza dwelling-houses and promises, in IAttle Shire-lane, Fleet-street, near Temple-bar, and the dwelling-house, shop, and promises, 16, Lwer Serie's-place, adjoining the Duke of York publichous-e; let on leases which expire in 1506. May beviewed by leave of the tenants. Particulars hadi of Messrs. Tyrrell, Paine, and Laytoe solicitors, Church-passage. Guilidhall ; at the Mlart ; iahd of Pollen an~d Son, 80, Fore-street, Cripplegate. Beech-street. Cripplegateo-Freeholdlnvesimn ntecto odn PULLEN and SON are directed byteTuesan Executers of Mrs. Mfary Rtobinson to SELbAUTO,a the Mlart, on Tuesday, July122, at 12, all- thatPIC ofFE OL GROUN1,,D, with the shop or building thereuponi ereced. situate on the south side of Beeeh-st'uet, Cripplegate. the corner of Redcross-street, containing next Beechi-si,reet 48ft. 10 in. The premises are thrown into and formspart of theshop of 62, Redoross-street, with the frontagen3ext Beech-street, and axe let on lease for a term of 45 years from 1817, at a clear net rent of £18124. per annum. May be viewed by leave of the tenant. Plarticulars had of Messrs Tyrrell, Patine. and jAyton, solicitors Church-passage, Guildhall; at the Mart; and of Plluen and Son, 50. Fore-street, Cripplegate. To Brewers and others.-Valuable Freehold Public-house and five Houses adjoining, Mint-street, Borough. PULLEN andI SON are directed by the Trustees and Executors of Mrs. Mlary Robinson, deceased, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Tuesday, July 22, at 12. an important FREEH OLD INVEST-MENTT; compresing the Old Justice publichouse and well-known wino and spirit establishment, in Mint-streot, Borough, the corner of Harrow-street ; also the dwelling-house and shop adaomnmg, and four tenements behind, in Old Justice-court ; the whole let on le-ase to Mr. Job Spurgin for 31 years, from 1865. at a clear net rent of £550O per annum. Mlay be viewed by leave of the tenants, Part'icilars bad of Messrs. Tyrrell, Paine, and Layton, solicitors, Church-passage Guildhall; at the Mart; and of Plluen and Son, 30, Fore-street. Criplegate. 'Useful Pito and Articles of Jewellery of gentleman, deceased. It will SELL by AUCTION, at on ednsda nxt,Jun 2, a I or2. modem peal oansnts &c Tobe ib ed n Tesdy,and catalogues hda Removed from Threadneedie-streBrot. The Land-tax of £6 3s. 4d., clhargeable upo the Coopers' Company's Estate. Broad-street, R?tdliff; and a zel Share in the Barking-road. ~jR. C. WARTON is directed by the Trustees to ML~SELLbyA1iCTION, attbe Mart, on Wednesday, Juno 25, at 12 the LAND-TAX of ze8 3s. 4d. per annum, abundantly secured upon several houses in Broad-street Reateliff, and Barlington-buildings, the property of the Worshipful dompany of Coopers - 2d, a £100 Share in the Road from B3arking to Tilbur Fort. Particu~aemaybe had at the Mar -o Mesr. Warto an Saunders. solicitors, 5, laurence Pountney- an; and of 3fr C. Wartoin, 7, Uniont-coturt, Old Broadstreet (removed from IS, Threadneedle-strcet. Ceyol n Laeold ~Investments, at Stepney, Hioron, Shawell and Limehouse, Producing £130O per annum. .0. W R O is directed by the Trustees to IM"RSELL by AUCTION, at the Mat on Wednesday. June 25, at 12. in five loin-I. A substantial COPYHOL]D FAMILY DWELLING 15, Stcpney-canseway lt to Mr. Farrell. solicitor, at the low rent of £-m per annum. 2, A leshold Dwelling.house and Premises 14, Brldport-place, New North-road in the occupation of Mr. Norwoid, at £24 per annum. 3. A Leasehold lhouse, 142, High-street, Shadwell, let to Mr. Saunderson, at £632 per annumi. 4. A Leaschold House. 9, Richard-street,Iimehouse, let to Mr. Rattersby, at £16 12s. per annum. BMaybeviewedandparticulsrnshadattho0rt; theSturt'sArn2sHoxton; the Britannia, Ijmehouse ; C. J. Smith, Esq., solicitor, King's Arms- Ey;blsmWarton and Saunders solicitors. 5, Laurence Pountney- e;and of Mr. C. Warton, 7, Uionx-court, Old Bread-street (remnoved from TAhreadneedle-sineet). Stins,Midlse, itinone horo the citybhyraliaU adwti a drive of iriaWae.Wns-pr,&C. R. C. isdiected by the Mo c M prmtrily toSELb AUCTION, at the AMart, on edn9es. day, June 25, at 12 (unless an acceptable offer be previously imade), a commodious FREEHOLD VILLA, at Staines known as ShortwoDd, adapted for a young family, and roLtaining seven bed and dressing rooms, dining and drawing rooms, library, outer and inner hall. servans'olOes ou-biling, ablng an furacres of meadow land, lyin copac, ad auttng n te hgh oadto Bedfont, Particuliars mayb ha atthe ushHotl, Sains; heCstle, Windsor; King's Paintings audHousehold Furniture, Brompton-read, iWR. LOUND will SELL by AUCTION, on the -1- Premises, 37, Michacl's-plae Brompton-road, on Mionday, June 23, at 12, in lots, some well executed OIL PAINTINGS, household furniture, and effects. May be viewed, and catalogues had on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 60, Chancery-lane. Brompton-road.-Leasehold Residence, for investmentor Occupation. IRE. LOUND will SELL by AUCTION, on the AVJPremises on Monday,June 23, at 1, a desiable compact LEASEHOLD RESIbENCE, situate and being No. 37, Michaers-place, Brompton-road, held on lease for 16 years, at the low rent of £e32 per annum. Maybe viewved, alt particulars had on the premise3; and of the auctioneers, 60, Chancery-lane. Prelimary Annoumement of Sale by Auction of Stock and Imp!e. ments in Trade of a wholesale manufacturing confectioner. ESSItS. PUGH and Co. are instruceted by MIr. .LVLBobson, of Great Dover-street, Southiwark, to SELL by public AUCTION, on the Premises, early in July, the whole of hin remainiug STOCK, in consequence of his retiement irom business; comprising large quantities of gum arable, English juice, jams, At The plant consilsof eight-horse steam engine, 10-horse boiler, large iron tank, steam pipes, lozenge racks, trays, marble slabs, benches, comfit pans, shaftier gearing, juice pans with corresponding gearing, stampers, sifting and droi machines, and aU the other customary requisitea of an expcr and wholesale confectioner. The convenient manufacturimg premises, adapted for any trade requiring publlcity of position, with great accessibility, together with the residence. may be had at a low rent, and the fixed plant taken at a aluation. Particulars of Messrs. Pughand Co., auctioneer, 6, Blackman-street, Southwark. Erith, in the county of Kent.-A Pair of well-built remi-detscoed Residences, within two minutee' walk of the Station. n T. DANN has been favoured with instructions -pt to SIL by AUCTION, at the Crown Hotel, Erith, on Thinsdsp, June 26, at 3, (unless an acceptable offer be made by private contrOtgTWO exceedingly eible and substantially-built LEASEEOLD tESWENCES, in the occupation of hig.ly respectable tenants, producimg rentals amounting to £72 per anumn, with ample accommoda.tion for moderate-sized families, fitted up regardless of expense, offerlug a Permanent and safe investment, property in this locality being arch in rtquest, o,ith an easy acce3s to heh metropolis; fitted up with coppers, ranges, stoves, closets, bells, to,; and held for an unexpired term of 5 years, subject toea groundrent of £7; abundantly supplied with springand soft water. May be viewved byleave of the tenants five daysprnor to the sale, when particularsmaybe had of Wm. Roscue Faq., 14, King-street, Finebury, Leaden; of Mr. C. Beadle, house agent, }:ith: at all the principal inns in the neighbourhood; jwdof the auctioneer and estsbe agent, Beuicy, Kent. TIrISSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are instructed by J.Tthe Assignees of Mr. ispe, to MEL by AUCTION, onx the piemiises, To-morrow. June 21, at II, the benedcial LEASE, with J-ediate poesession. of a FISHMONGER's SHOP, 6. St. Martia's-court, Ludgate-hill, established for 25years and now in the occupationoflMr. Nise, baying an unexpired tennef14l years Also, at thiesamoetime wiM be sold the fixturea6 fitting, end household furnilture. May be viewed, andp~Artculsrs and catalogues bad an the premnises: of E. 3Bronghton, s. 4~ Faleon-aQuaire; ancd at the auctioneers' offices, 3. Freeriks,piace, Old Jewry. MESSRS. DAVIS andV wil SELL by AUCTION. at the Maryt on Wednesday, July 2, at 12 for , ian two los, TWOO0I'TAE EE~IENC No. 6arid, Brunswickterace Greveor.ark ner t Canbewel-gae, ellbuit,and let wil begrateddirctfro th frshoderoran unexpirdtr of 61 year frm Crismas 185 atmodrat grundrents. Particulars Tc nha-gre Leaseholds foc ne(ut 1LISSRS. DAVIS andI VIGER are instructedl to LSIE:LL byy AUCT]ION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, July 2, at 12 for I in one lot, FIVE UMESSUAGES end SIIOPS, being Nos. I to 5, iiwn.terrAoe, Turoham-green, oni the bigh road from London to Breatford, Produning an aggregate rental of £097 per annum,. end held by lease for two trm stwhich 33 yearswillbe unexpired atMid- summier next, at a gronim rent of 475e. per aninum. The property m3ay be viewed by permission of the tenants, Particilars and conditions of sae may be bad of Messrs, J. and C. Rogers solicitors, Manchester-buildinge,Westninstex; at the Fackborse, Turuham-green; the Mart; and the auctioneers' offlces, 3. F:rederick's-place, Old Jewsy. leaseholdls. for Investment.-Tottenham, Middlesex.- 1IrSSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are directed by the IT.Lmortgagee to SELLby AtUCTION, aLt the Mart. on Wedne "a, July 2 at 12 for i, in four lots. EIGHT semi-detached RESIDENXCE S,, being. !No;.Stoll inclus~ive, Willouaghby terrce,Northumberland-park, Tottenham, clos to the Park Station on the Nortnerm and Eastern itatway SiieafomLndo. eninertothevillage of Tottenham, havng ontan aces t th cty y mniusand railway; heldfor a £8 Os,o&d.perlanum each,eachnlot tmbenundr acseparteo leaen M,ESSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are instructedl to Jj.SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, in Jufly. a.FREE HOLD~ detached FAMILY RESIENCE No. 13, Laura-place, Clapton, comprising seven bed rooms, dining roam, 20ft. by l6ft.: drawing room 20ff. by 16ft. ; breakfast room and store rooms, goad hall, and handsome staircase, approached by a portico and flights of stone steps; two kitehen., butler's pantry, capital wine cellar, larder, &c. - a forecout, nclsedby hadsoe ion enc, edswalled garden behind, withtwostal sabl an coch-ous, wth oftover, in one detached brirbnidin, eclosd is pvedyard wih etrace from the ro3d. The hol inperectsubsantal pd rnaental repair. May be viewd ad prtiulas an coditonsof alehad of P. West, EsQ,, solcitr,5, harote-rw:at he ffcesofthe Rent Guarantee Socitn 3 Chrlote-rw; aehe art andtheauctioneers'officcs, 3, To Contractors, Builders, Carpnterand otherm 3'ESSRS. DAVIS and VIE S are instruicted to SELL by AUCTION, on the 1'remieee. Cherry-tree-yard, BoDwling-greeni-lane. Clerkenweli. on Thursday. July 3, and following day, at 12 forlIeachday, the well-seasoned STOCK~ of -MAHOGANY and FIR TIMBER comprising 2,000 pine planks and deals, 600 yellow and white deals. 1,200 yellow and white battens, 100 squarcs of prepared flooring and match boardmng, 5,000 feet of prepared mouldings, 12.010 feet of Spanxish aud Honduras mahogany, cut from 18 months to three years; oak staves, American ash, beech, elm, and other planks, scantlig, pantilolaths, and sundry useful stuLff. Maybeviewed the dayporevious and morning of sale andecataloguesabad onuthe premises; and at the auctioneers? otficmA 3, hErederick's-place, Old Jearry. The Grapes Retail Wine and Spirit Establishment (for upwards of 2' yea-rs in the occupation of the late Mr. Thomas Gumney;, celebrated as No. 45, on the south side of the Strand, near Charing-cross, a firstrate situation in this excellent locality. J'J ESSRS. FIELD) and. FAITHFULL have receivedl instractions from ITT. Mewaher the freeholder and present occupier, to SELL by AUCTION, at 6larraway's on Thursday, June 26. at 12 (unless an acceptable offer be in the meantime made by rivae cotrathutb above old-established HOUSE, a. lease of which or5 er Mbe granted direct from the freeholder, at the very moderate rent of 100 guineas per annum, with immediate possession. The premises called the Grapes, but better known as No. 45. Strand, are of great depth, end ar situate at the west-end of that immeme thoyourhfare nearly opposite the Lowvther Arcade, and it is fairly presumed that by a judicious, but comparatively small outlay en the ground-floor, they offer to an enterprising mau of business rawe advantages for establishin g not only anL extensive trade, but o-ne of the very best and most profitable description, there being no other house of its kind within a considerable, distance. There is en unusual ex-tent of cellarage, with spacious arched vault, enLtered from York-place, immiedIately in the rear, affording great facilities for a wholesale trade. May be viewed and particulars had on the premises; also of M1r. Holt, solicitor, 13, Bledford-row ' at Garraway's; end of the auctioneers, corner of Osnaburg-place, w-ad Hoxton.-The Earl of Durham, the corner of Murray-street end_ Britannia-ten-ace, directly leading to the City-road. M ESSRS. FIELD anad FAITIIFULL ar-e instiruct- edby.the Proprietor, Mr. Thornton. toSELL byAUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, July 1, at 12, (unles an accptable offer be inthe interim made by private treaty.) thevalnabi eTSIA exceedfing 65 ear, a th moerae rnt f £0. ithposesson,of the above higiyre~tbl ad os deirbl PBLC-OUEand WINE end SIRITVAULS. Th preisesare ommandingly situate, in an imenelypoplatd neghburhod,andsurround ed by haouses of sucha carateras ust t al tmesensrean extensive and very AMarylebone. on the Portland-Estate.-The Crown end Sceptre, the corner of Foley-street. end Great Titebdield-street, doing a full-priced genuine trade, exceedin £10 pe oth. 1~ESSRS. FIEIL6 andFPARITFULL are directea .LLby Mr. Maxwelll, the Proprietor, to SELL by A'UCTION, at Gasrraway's, on Tuiesday. July 1, at 12, (unless an acceptable offer be in the meantimne miade by private contract,; the raluable LEASES, exceeding .35 years, at amoderate renit, of the above first-rate and admnirablyesituate WI~NEand SP,IRIT ESTAB3LISHMEN-T. Thepusemises are in most substantial and ornamental repair, many bundreds of g~unds having been judiciously expended upon them during the T he yw.lhey. have ext-ensive and very commanding frontage in Foley-street, and ame in all respects wel adapted for efficiently carrying on a retail counter trade to any extent, end it may be fairly sai that the present retun would be greatly increased if this house were in the bandls of en energetic and competent man of business. The consumption of malt llquorsisavery considerable. May be viewed 10 days prior to the sale, when 'partenulsrs may be had on the premises; of Mr. George Crafter. solicitor, 168, lllackfrmars-road ; atew-a rowad ,5 e;nd oft the auctioneers, corner ofrsaugpae To Theatrical Managere. Plroprietors of Publie Exhibitions. &C. MESRS.OXENHAM1 and SONS -will SELL by AUOTION, at their Rooms, 353, Oxford-street, near the Pan- theon, THITS DAY, at 3 Mactusll, without the least reserTe, the DIORAMNIA of the GANG beautifully painted bvy the eminent artist Mr. T. 0. Dibdin, the figures end animals by Mir. R. W. Buss, from sketches by J. Fergusson, Esq., made durinr his residence in India, together with theo machinery gasa fittings, and apparatus, offering to any spIrited end enterprising unrson the realization of a very large profit, by the exhibition of the above highly interestiog diorama in London andthe provinces. Maybeoview edndecatalogues had. Excellent second-hand Furniture, Paintings. Engravings, Piauofortn, Chimaney-glasses. Ornamental Items, .20 dozen of C-hamnpagne, and numherous useful Miscellanies ESE.OXENaAX and SONS will SELL by MAECTON. at their Rooms, 353, Oxford-street, near the Pan- theon, THIIS DAY, at 1.1 for 12 o'ldock punctually, a very large ASSEMBLAGE of capital second-hand FURNIlTURE; including iron, four-post Arabian, end French bedsteads and hangings, with thle aispropriate bedding, mahogany anid ~anaed ditto, winged and plain wardrobes, drawers washistands, dressing tables, ha.; walnut-tree, rocewood, and mahogany chairs sofas, couches, end easy chairs, curtains, leo, card, occasional, and fancy tables cabinets, chimney and pie glasses, sets of dining tables, bookcaes, ha; pianoifortes of every kid, byv eminent makers, paintings, engravings after Landseer, &c. ; chi as gn&. decorative items, 20 dozen of Champagne, rind numerous usefu and ornamental eff6~ta. May be viewed, end catalogues had. Leicestershire.-A most desirable Freehold Estate, in the best part of the county, in the centre of the first heatteg districts, with capital Famil Resience.irmedist W "eesIoo which may be had. 1IESSRS. OXENHk and SNS have received jY instructions firom the Executor of the into Thomas Vowe, Req., to SE1LL by AUCTION, at the Three Swans Inn. Mark-et HEarborougb, on Tuesdlay. June 24, at 5 punctually, in three lots, a singularly deair. able FREEHOLD ESTATE, tithe firee, situate in the parish of Hall aton, about fourmniles from Uppingham and seven from Market Harborough, it is also distant about three miles from the idedbournebridge Station on the Rugby and Stamford Railway, and six from the Proposed station onthe Leicester and HitchinEawy.hcwleco. pleted, will bring it 20 miles nearer the mnetroli.Teyrprycm prises the manor-house, a very handsome soebitrsdnei h Gothic style, with capital stabling, loose boxes enlfrhres a erected by the into Mlr. Vowe, within the last few yai,tnotlyf several thousand pounds ; together with the vlalmnrargas and about 190 aces of some of the best pastureladithcony The favourite meets of the Quoen, Pytchiey, andCtesoohud are within en easy distance thuis rendering it singual desirable to a gentlemanc fend of hunting ; there is also a capitfecortnth estate. rartioulars, with plan of the estate, may be otie,-4dy porto the sale, at the Manor-house, and Fox In altn h The Swanalan, Mlark-et Harborough, the FalconIn,Upghm the Bell end the Three C~rowns Hote . Licester:alofMess Torkinston, solicitors-, at the office of the late Mr. Duls,Mre Harborough ; and, in London, of Mess ldae Cak.adFnh solicitors, 43, Craven-street, Steend;a h uto at da Messms Oxenban's ofrices, 353,Cxrdsre'nathPnho. Genuine Household EfcsPeusio Double Gun, and seine capital modemr untreonh best foreign manusacture. ]~jSSRS.BU L C wil SELL, at their great 211. Hom igh Holborn. To-morrow, at n1 for 1A an assemblageafudweadwll-made FURNITURE, including rosewoodaend mahgan Fenc an Aabin bduead an bd romappendages beauifulwalnt en reswoeddrawng rom tblesandchairs, btuhi cabnes, srapin i aninaidroewod as. pccloand cabinet pinos vlve pleen Brsslscapet, ealynew curtan and car- Long LoesehoIds, Upper Thamnes-street, liold unLder the Dean an_d Chapter of St. Paul's, at £4 per annum ground rent. .3 [SR .BULLOCK are directed by the MVortgagee to SIU at the Mart, on Wednesday, July -, at 12 foci, a well secured IMPROVED RENTAL. of £51 per annum, derived from warehouses and prem ises Iu-ae UPPer Thames-street, Partunderlet for thewlbole term,L I ears unexpired ) at £5 groundrent, and the remainder to Air. Rebert Hutchinson, W z£6 per annum on lease, baringlli yearstorcan,after which period an increased rent or apre3mium mnay be expected for the remaining term of lOt years. Particulars maybe hadeshortly of Messrs. Smith and Shepgerdl, solicitors, 15, Goldenqeiuare ; at tho Mart ; and of the auctioneers, 211, Highi Holborm. To Small Capitals.-wn-fv Cote, at Stceatbaza-common, 1uR. RICHADMSSwl ELL by AUCTION, £T. at the Mtart, onFrdy June 27, at 12, in two lots, a COMpare E-STATE, of 25 cottages,fomn Greyhounad-square, immediately behind the Greyhound Inn, at Stethmcmmnabu ix ies from London, on the road to Croydon ; also, abe-hp on a good trade. The whole is held outease, ateamodert grud et,ad s turns aery cosiderale incme for emailinvestent ofcapitaL Mlay The Funtan In St.Leonad's,Hastngs,el to the entrance of the St. eonad's ailay Satio, wth pssesionif desired. Tj~JR ICHAR MOSShas rceived instructions V.J T rom tiie Mortagnee under a polver of amle, to BELI- by AUcTION, at the Mart, on Friday. June 27, at 12, in one lot, the capital l:N or PUBLIC-HOUSE, known by the sign of the Fountain, occupying a prominent position oppoite the sea, and close to the St. Leonard's Station of the South Coast and South-Eastern RaidlwaYs, being one of the most improving situations in this fashionable watering-place, The houme contains bar, bar parlom. emoking room, kitchen, club room, and eight bed rooms, with Cellars in the basemont; good yard, with staled stabling for six horses, coach-house, loft, andmen'srooms; also a cottage adjoining, with a blacksmith's shop behmin. The whole has been erected within a few years, and Rresents an uanusually favourable opportunity to an active man for estab lshinga flour5shing and lucrative bunness, as possession may be had if required. May be viewed by permission of the occupier. and particulars had on the premises: of Messrs. Hoper, Greene end Hunt, at Lewes; at the Star and Garter Hotel, lsighton- and in 1ondon of J. B. Lowndes, E 2q., 2, New-inn, Strand; at the Mart; and of Mr. Richard Moss, 12, Elg5William-etreet, city. Goldings, Loughton, Esoex.-By Mr. CHAM'1PESS, upon the Pre- mises, on Tuesday and Wednesday June 24 and 25, at 10 for II each day, punctually, on accunt of thi number of lots, by direction of the Executors of the late Mrs. Goodenough, A LL the genuine, valuable, genteeL and substantial A lHousehold Furniture; a nearly new horizontal harp-shaped grand pianoforte minrosewood, by Broadwvood and Son, a double-barrel gun byJ. Munton,t40 dozen of excellent Port, Sherry, and Madeira wires, china, glassa,andteffects, Catalogues maybeadat is each (the money to oe returned to purchasers,) at the Ceck Inn. Epping; Ring's Head, Loaghton, Bull Inn, iUd6ate; Harvey's printing 068cc, Remford: and at the offc the the audTioneer. Abridge end Romford, E ssex. M ay be viewed this day, between the hours of and 4- epholstery and Cabietmahgery' Stockd-in conseqaence of a Dissolu- tion of Par.nensipnr 1IAR1. CHALES J. BAKER has been instructed by Mesi tIsrs. Wtokie and Cheran e to SELL by AUCION, ant he of nufactory, 20, Nasssu-street,1'iiddieacxsHospitsj, onTuesday. June21. at 12 foc l, in conEeqUenCe of a dissolution of parinership and re-arrangement of the firm, thie ANUI'A5iTSJEl STOCRc of this well-know;n firm; comnprising iron, mahogany, Arabian, French, end feur-post bedsteads andfurnatures, maogany end birch marble-top washing and dressing tables, toilet and cheval glaeses, bed table, and chest of drawera, 8&feet mahogany, 6-feet, and other wardrobes, three sts of dinig room camirs imn morocco, a 7-feet 6 mahogany pedestal sideboard withnoblep?late Fsassbac'k.mahoganydinnerwrageons.Sutberlandtables, etssy chairs inleather, a9feet6malveinahoganylibrarytable.ronewooa and walnut 100, cacd, and occasionalrtables, walnut cheffoaier, work tables, teapay. devouport, twvo laze 7-feet stuffed over conversation sofas in silk and tapestry, twrodrawing-roam suites in ilk. rosewood and wTalnut drawingroom chairs,drawngroom easy chairs, ettee3. couches hac, and other items, a be viewed twvo daysprior, and catS2 logues had at the factory; and of the auctioer, at hfis ofiBces, 21, Mollotombsr, 3elb 'e qure The latea Mr. Wflllama' Stock of valuable Stuffed Birds and Animai. Skins of rare Foreiga 3irds, in fine state, Shop Pixtuom &c. MR. PHILLIP is instructedl by the Execatrim of the deceased to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises No - Oxford-stre-et, (near to Vere-stroet.) THIS DAY. 20h inst, at I 'pree cisely. Cm consequence of the premisea having been dispose Of,) the valuable STOCK of FOBEIGIs and ENGLISH BERDS, stuffed iu theo Tery best mn- er andarrangtd.with taste uider shade-s -also a large Quantity of skins of :many of the srest birds of plumage, Peculiar to the coumtics; a number of stuffed animals, auntlr horns, eggs "e Also, the shop fixtures workinig materials, items of msefal household fruriture, kc. The stock may be viewed on Thin lay receding the ale, and catalogues then hbdon the premises ; and tW Puie oMfies, 73. New Bond-street. A~ Colcino fghcaImd ngihitrs rM the coutry 1WI. PIIILLIPS begs 1eATe to anllOnoileethat he wil kY.SELl by AUCTIOi aLt his Rooms, New Bond-street on TuesasY. the 24th int., at i Precisely. a COLLECT[oN of highly interesting and valuable modern PICTURES, 3clected with greatftate and liberality, by a gentlemuan, Princir"ally-fro the e3xhibitioos. and the artists, includWin works by the following distinguishald vnglish W.P-Frth,lL.J.B.PAne Atabole,AR.A. rgh.1zyPA A charming Landscape by Gainsborough.~ ~PHI LIPSis istrutedto SE-LL by AUCTeIr.OUb.u and h oisGley o B ond-sTreto T~ureEsda, te t g _fted ma terhay bhey iwed iatrCtd by and Asondayrvos tof Mthe Strahan. Paul. and Bates, and with the conc-urrence of the Mfortgagaees to SELL bovA1CTION, atGarraway's, THIS DAY, June 20th, atI2, the important and ornamental ESTATE,known as A11huns, othervise High ABhiurat with its beautiful vila residence, late the seat of Mr. Strabsan, delgitfully situate in a most picturesque country, aboutt five miles from],rm, and threefromDforking, Surrey. The etat i freehold, nearly alland-tax redeemed, and a Portion free from great tithes, and comprises 6 sacresofarable, meadow.wood.and otheros,. mentalIand. Thlere are 2 complete farm homesteadB inmost subetantial repair, and a third used for the gamnekeeper's quarters The r-esidenice stands upon the brow of a hill, shelterad from the north and east. and, although at a gra lvto,i p ed by an easy trotting road, Thea-ic0raiodains affordd r 24 ppalsndscndarcha5Mb dressing roomis and nurseries, ladies& boudoiroeigot deihtu conservatory, a gentleman's study, a Tery unique drawing room corn. municatinguvith the library, a spacious halt atnd billiasd room, and * lofty dining room; the domestic oficoes are of a mnost complete cha. raeter, end contain every appointment requisite for andblemauanrgen. tlemansiaaeat; at the rearof the domestic offices -are the stabling, coach. houzses launLdry, end other out-offices. The ladies' consercatory opens upon the flower garden, beautifully lad out in partecres end teiraces, commuanding most extensiTe and delightfu viewrs over this picturesque portionOft0SurreY. Theresrealso orangeries and grpecies, and a ro ductiTe kitchien garden, The whole ofthepeopertv teinhand, nd is like moat of the neighbouring ectatels, farmead omnamentally by the pro. Erietor. Particularsareinocourse of preparationa nd3say be obtained by aPPlicatiOn. to WMialla Bell, Esq,, official assignee, 3, Colenma. street-buildings; of J. T. Coolimey, Esq solicitor, 5, Loamb's Conduit. Place I of Messrs Lausrance, Plews,andEoyer, s0licitors, 14, Old Jesery. chambers. London; of G. Carter Mornison, Es. olctr Reigate; at Garrawa's ; and of the auctioneers, 63. Mark-lane, London, Eligible Loasebolds, for Investruent,--Southwark. a desirable LEASEHOLD) ESTATE;copingtooue.ih sho S, SRo. ad9 ChurchSte, otwr,and JiObic-bil exsruodat bdydy Int. M bwee oiwe by pemssoofhh enn LugTe-seetat t rr GarrawaTI DAYJnd ef,teacines,6,Mr-ae TIES,amounting to £13 unumpaya le dsn hjitn eea lives Of two Persons, aged fIend 53 respectively. Priuasmyb obtaned at the Mart'- of Win Bell Esq., ofca sine ,Clmn street-'buildings, of t,ieeer. Fraser adMy oiios en street, Soho; at Garraway's; andofthauioes,6,Mr-n. Messrs. Strelian and Coit's Bankruptcy. ME SSSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE are in- EtrEctodhby the Assignees to SELL by AUCTION, at the Ashmat. AMausien, nearDlorking, Surrey, on Monday,June 23. and following days, atlIIfor12 each day, the w'hole of the excellent FuRNITURE and other costly APPOINTME3\TS of MSr. Strahan's late residence, comPrising theO comPlete equipments of 24 principal and secondary chamibers:-Mabogany dlininand drawing room suites-, elaborate car-. vingsinwood byogere, late billiard table. hallciock,bandsomevelvet, Brses n otercarpets, darnik and chintz draperIes,brilliantplate chimn-ey and pier glasses, a collection of valuable paintings sad wate-Li colour drawings by Ostade. Morlasid, Hunt, and other esteemed masters also an extensive well-selected library of books, including some. very rare and scarce- editioxs, 1,00 ounce of Plate, consisting of an elegnntgpre. and a ServiCe of threadled-pattern table plate, an assortmen'tomf Stres and Dresden china, rich cuxt-glass, 150 dozen of choice wines: the fittings of tao domestic office; greenhouse plants, garden titensils, end minoelaneous effects. May be viewed three days C;mAg .1 andcatalogues, Is. each, to be obtained on applicationi FaimBeLEq., Official assignee, 3. Coleman-street-buildinss, Idoorgate-street' Messrs. Laweranes, Pleows, and Boyer, solicitors 14, Old Jcwry-ca~es London; at the 'White Hos, rlg;ado tho auctioneers M3 Mark-lane, London. eDokn;a df NoticitFeehldFamily Residence, with Stabligkz e,c5lapham- SSS .common, with possesson, SSS r BROWN and T. A.. ROBERTS beg, J3.to notify that the dletsach RSI-DENCE of the late Mrs. 6)lavering, situate in Nfightingale-lane, a,few paces from Claphamn-com. mon. was NOT SOLEs at the recent auctson, and they ar prepared to DISPOSE OPF the same by private treaty.-22, Tbrogmnorton-sereet, rentonville-hilL-Two DwlIn-ossadSp. MESSRb. H. BROWN andl T. A. ROBERTS will BE- yAUCTION, at the MEart, on Maonday, june350 at 12. [ntolt,by order of the Mortgageeof TW.DELIGeHorgei 3atnd ShPSe,d 19and 20, opleasn-row, Petone -bwill,on leth house.r ontandM sJefrey at£1and perann-hume, and held fordeabouthe rear,o tnexpiredmat£6per annum, adprinted atpuars muay b had of EWardhiJennings, FaQ, solictr 12, NeGoIewen-otret; and of Mesrs H. Bron and P. A, toet,22, Throginorton-street.ciy Stke n' Wiiugton-1wit Freehold Dwmellnghouses wihgardens. lt h MSSRS. H. BROWN andl T. A. ROBERTS, will ,ArleleisratoBt SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, onMna,Juen t2 inIYtwo lote, bylorde of thcepTuteese offer. Geo revinonsl Pick, dheand 14,O estwper-ofd Smtoke Hal N wbing Ech hoplasusey contuaiens seve rooms and wash-house endh gbouttod mardes inomtherear,fothe estimate wanna vtalueof, £27 chmhouse. ml Possssontawlle ganiven Mfay bae viewd,k orandprntedl paticulare,shad cofnothbsinghto bed chambrs drsoligitoo,ms, Coemvan-sreet;msn fou Meses.io Browns ofgod propor tiobetes, con hrogtorytob-lstreet cimoty. ey xeenoesi ffcs capital PleastoneHand wit tefrfmedo gardens,.agiwo,wt lterrthewalre- sartY aPnd e ancefor ears9 the rtlmusesidece f ioren- atlsoe Fa. vlalfalso anitl Farmho-c, Cottaes,ad sundr piteces ofr land i aothe0 acres of ilanmin hgton. vtin;aot 8arsarlne wiIjUESRS. h .ps BRwll1OWNexlene and T.A.RO ERhTS, hajve c7mmandeteIivedbestpriceiinathel, bmarkCt,N atssso th e gart, in vluablie esat ofl Wilmingtnd ri Hall,wihaantaton situate innh th"e o borders)O of D airifo ugah aboutt19woe mileso frovte brikbftfordtail-, way Sntatison, and compries an most ooMfprtaborlmansi-nhf awmodepaddock,ol aoulandtaxl tibred,emand containseigh bed chambrsgol, tions,it printerdty billilard romaornureBrly,hxeletdofmesticBownies capiT.Al Roberts, and walledgaorden-s,rebangingto,wihy ra.w s sThbeg lotDr boxeirs, Cilcio house enteranelode and Gogiall nDe- a-y Appur thenCancesora gcentifemBo's, esartablshment Calso a. eli reqisigete buidins3, baiiffsthouee, laourers cttgages, end Din l commnded0 Rthe higest picei th e IXmarket possRessonwLl be given; lidkewisega smalFam end foruitb pataton sitate in. thevillage ofM aimington,c acntaiuny sarcue1 acrsd as fi vefwlsfo b ri.k-bu iCotaes,i is freeholdandlu-taxOO S redeemred, To bentvirewe y ad onlTeay, which wi,th1 preinted, particularsayben sortFly AdNofMsISr H RoAXDI TheRA inoDrAerdeis Cuvollecin o ieas and Geologicalume frecinaous. Also, the Cea bints p cctioofteBaiclio an imppartatus,f ho: Thea hieuck greatBoms 3P,bing-h,Tolstreet, Coventgarde, aTHIS June 2, atl cisey, th COLECIONofMI eRA lS fsils, and eoloimi pec hen fomd-iibyaoro the late Dr Meerjames to Camongrwhiclar Smany scrceadfe fcoue inthe f irom t thr.oMatehCabint, afew fadrpres thll,adthe erm natualc ite. spcmes niESweS-mad WaIogBY,ok and paintEd cabeinets;smr auabledt booeks, incl2udnlSoerbpyosl diiisplsMneralof b ,at uchion's Sulartae Systabem Gray' fonra temof BiGs Dobeday andheo rentwoodf Gec oitl Diural Lpidoter, Jornalof te G o noia Socet Ran 'oad frve- day prior, and catalogues ad undrhgd. his reatBoom 38 Rin-stret.Covet-gaden onr Tueda, SLORA JAmerid.ermnaoolandey Sure,nacrihu lrs,fo aa aloThe rnqemaini gngprinothBrsnimotinofIlas Cattbeyas 'wich, asprsaeofn 1t-h is.Myh iwdoh onn of ale,c and cantalofu hd.s The Eropebuck, Frpee ulchue olysre,Suhak e pacold es. fr_ Lodo-bide _d rilaytemii [R. QUALLETT ham been honoured with ,L. instructions from the executors of the late Jesse Curling. Faq., of Bermondsey. to SELL by AUCTIO'N, at the Rc-~zns, 21, Old Bondstreet, on Friday. July 11, at 1, this well-known and exceedingly valuable COLLECTION of PICTU-RES, by that celebrated English artist, George Morland, executed at a period when his best efforts so iustly obtained for himn a world-wide fame; among which will be found specimens of every variet-y of subject, treated in his own peclialy harctristie anid masterly ma:nner, including the Horse Thather, te Hrd argin,the Gipsies, Innoceace Alared,PhesantShotin, th MusleGaterers the Laud Storm theProosa, Sa Castby oonigh, aseres of bunting subjeeti: Brompton.-Handsomne MoenFurniture, itegofaDnst (Sur"ry Paintins raet,Bos'c iVIthe0 Premises ,Sde-tet uhmra,TI A,Jn 20, at 12 for 1 o'clokthFRITR an FTINSfte abDovePRESI:DENCE;consisting of anexpensive walntwo rwn room sutte, covered in liclily flowered Frenet dlamakhndoemr queterie centre table, elegautwinged chefronier, costly suit,us of window curtains, large chimney glasses, new velvet pile and Bruisel carpets, twvo sets of rosewood drawing room chairs, neat dining room fusrature iSpnsh aoay ofa set ortelescope frameed diigtables,pedestal sidboad, etsof hair~a capital revolving top library table, a superior opeatig cair detis'slathe, he,; paintings, prints, ornamental ites,ho.; he ppndaesfor the bed chambers consist of handsome Spansh ahoany ariianand four-post bedsteads, prime beddings chess o drwers mabletonwash-stands, cheval and toilet glasses, andallthenasl rqusits, hefttigsof hall and staircase, contents of erant' ffies an nmeruseffects. May beTviewed,and catalogus ha onthe remies,and at the auction offices, in Warwick' Baaingball-street.-To Arit,Clre.Lthogaphers and others. ?VI R ll SELL by A-UCTION, on thePreniss. 4,Basinchall-street, city, To-muorrow (Saturday), Jue2.a 2for 1, the STOCK in TRADE of the above, inicluding about 70 lb. of bronze powder, an aswrtmeseit of expensive colour in every variety, 4 cwt. oE ultramarine, fiG lithographic soWnes in sizes, eounting-honse and warehouse fixtures, and numerous effects, May be.viewe asiddcatalogues had on the premises and at the auction offices, inr Warwirk-court, rysin ,rinCgLoof a first-class quality. MESSR¶NTSwil SELL by AUCTION, at theAucio Mat,city, THIS DAY, at 12, OLD FOREIGN CIGAS, f vry ecelentquality and in the finest, condition - lotted and ~sampe herof ech oened or lspecion ad tating 1,500 VOIs. Of Tlaluable Books, zo Coloured E., (trained an-- glzd,a Powerfol-toned 61-octave IIaaorortei ,1t'jm,dot Effcts r,emoved for eesvenwece of Sa ne,ad te U. J. J. CLEAIBIA1iS Will SELL by AUCTIoN £Lupon the Premises 2, UlI-agtire. Binhopatesre, ie; 2eeday, Juone 25, St il, 1,500 To1 Of BOOKS. *osg Cfrt ancientWad romanoes. sadrariuns otiersrubjects, or emine nt atos the,futmf lar_ 0 ae mixinhogany' Arabia bedstoeas, feather bed., aiaq bedding, chest or dmraers, two maboga bokMsas dmingtab )se, earpeta. and othet effects, May be viewed dyreoodin ancd morn. tu fsle, and catalogizes had on the premises - xd of Xic J. X. aenieans aetinecer. survyor, ac,, Hlolywell.row, kGbury-syesce, HaoxtoiL-Safe and eligible ialsl laesme in 1iaaeholdl Weekig MUR. J. J. VLEMMANS h.s reoeyecl intructions toSELL by AUCTION. at Mr. Xitgmos, BirthL Tree Tavern Gres.t James-treet, Hoxton, an Tuesday, June 54 at g in the evei;g, In two loits. SIX mearl nlew brick-built 3EOsSUAesES sitate2gos. 1,2 22A2 24. and 2.Tamuer-sauare, Hoxton, let iogood weekld treants at rents MOMuntn to £911Per year;1lemeeabout ;33years,a -£l' Ifs per year for the whole. MST be Tiewed by eansenta of th tenants. and partculars nd oonditioos of 'alebhLd at the tyeru of Cajionbnsy-park.-Valuable leasehold Villa Rsdne,pdcn rental of -235 Per Year for 30 years JJ.CLEMLLAN'S has received instructions 3-Pfir-OMthe sMrtgaqes to SELL by AUCTION, at Gxraw&Y's, on Wednesday. Judy 2, in five lots, at 12, FIVE substantial. well-bunlt, modemn VILLA RESMDENCES, situate gMos ,1 2. and 3. Torntovillae, and Nos, I snd 2. Herace-villas St. Panl's-road, Cannonbury. perK, within fire minutes' walk of the Htiebbury EAliway Stationi: jet to highly respectable tenanats. May be viewred by Permission of the tenants and particulars had of Messrs. Jenkinson, Sweeting. and Jeninuson. solicitors. Clement's-lane. Lembard-street; and at the auctiem and estaLte offices Holywell-rowr. Finsbury. Kennineion Park.-For Investment or Occupatlon.-mEgbl eae holdEFstate. producing £292 per year for 39 years _3rR. J.3J. CLEMMA1NS wil SELL by AUCTION.' LLat Garraway's, on Wedniesday, July 2. at 1I, in three lo's THFRE desirable brick-bauit RESIDENCES, with forecoourts and deep gardens behind. situate Nos. W5A. 239A, and 40A, Doddingct.. grove. St. Mfary's, Newingtrn. let to respectable yearly tenants, MsI be viewed by pennission of the tenants, and particulars ha d of Messrs Jenkinxon, Sweeting. and Jenkinsn, solicitors. Clement's. lane, 1ombard-street; at thefRoal George. New-street, Kenningtono, road; aLt Garraway's; andI of Si. J. J. Clemmnans, auctioneer and surveyor. Holyweli.-ow. Fisbmrnv-susre. Dalston-To Small Capitalists, Building Societies, and others-Comn. troct Leasehold Estate. producing £50 p)er year for 47 reare ~jR. 3. i. O LEMANS has been instr-ueted by t'he EPxecutors to SELL by AUCTION, at Garewav's, on 'WiVneaday, July 2, at 12, TWO zubstantial brick-bul1t' -Z1WLLIIG. HOUSES. Nos. 22 and 23, Forest-row, Dalstan, let to good teniants.. May be viewed by consent of the respective tenants, and particnllarc bad at the lamb, Kingsland; at Garraway's; ofC.. Davis, Beg.. Charlesl-square. Hoxton ; and at Mr. J. J. Clecumans's auctionan estate offices, Holywell-roat-, Finsbury. Long-acre.-Long.L-easeold Shop and Dwelling-house. et autzm Sper year for 71. years APR-J. J. CLEMMANIS lias received instructions mortage to ELLby ACTIn.etGraas,m Wedneday, uly at 1, a bick-bnt letLN-OUf n Mtesars.J ns, Swe tin,andey JEknsq.,socir,Ceen-ln Finsbury. na 'sofcs T RHIS SDAY . at 12-By ED WI N BX tteMr,i u EAEHOLD) Residences, N~o. 17 nd6, id -stgewreet-roadesoucng ,5fo ocuato y anr el etet,Pri auddcin atculars at the Mfart: of W ,Saiy iq oiio,7 isnsre solinabry; and almet M.E-wine Fox' ofict 41. Coemn-teeinla TDASatA. atIR-yI I FX loheats, LJer dgfr nestenrerod brduing £50ralt yea cla fground rn n all deutions Partculs,ars ttuMr:o esr.ElsadC. soicto1rs, 12, Coemsoflos-in;ada r d Bxsofcs 1 oe THISAY, t 1. brDWI FOX attheMIart,hintwoiot, LJ rctercomrisigl omprisin g orc ostre.Wa135,13r,e137d faetsrt ; of Messrs. Wares and Ware.12 solicintors,ln Kigln-; andrt-& Aid atMro dwnFxs offices , 1 41,ausret Coean-sre, ak Lelvacter,comrisiga12houR4saesne vihorac-steet, Waltrocsptree,ono OPLI, SO andHARIt)NG wil SELL by ie ifZ o Thurida. July3, at I punctuAlly. sa order of the Maxcenter of the late M1r. J. Waouseamo, a EIMSEK I HOUSE. beinghe Ro SIEN7 E Bihrdretiverpoo ln-groad, o the-raInsof £24 pher annum;vlu fSM n held for414 years at £6pranm ab vruT1iewe, Iay e iwe,an articularsoWmwp Bagd solictor, Greates o Yamout aTothe Mart, and ofheauctioneers, 10, St.l' aur 'schuarchyrd Peck RA VINGSDtahe Residnce afuthegrdn por ocption of h E st-ock of invetment tonsofLInsr, S ~ad H R IGwl ELb oreleraofthe Encgrli tes aehrJ arn tafr, LAE Fishernd S H,soiior,12 lhtdrgaeS. et a.ct th ie,Mr:ado Topis,Son an eadng,m 16S.Pu'se chuchyrd an te eeme Flet-street,e this pcuevenmping, eamatO b roie a&aU furterseg Barlomofth Tophstoc of ttMesses,Sandfo.esld J onrdqence f. dissolutaiognofpatndershp),comprisin atn s room s of the best predueotuonero lAndseer,Tunr Eastake, Wtrble.Macllse,& May, n l h bothewd ceertdEgihmses a evee,and catalogues had, BySOUTHnATE anndd BAtoREIful atotpass aofomts, by, I'etBroewt, dobeaton Monarp y nExti, Jurmne22,at 1 furl,n ~titERof-CV OLstr URts bengteaw Dkings i Prainie s arid too Engravings, rnungf th ecdainsectogi-fnshd spcies by U M 'ai'C. il EL yA AllTeN, t2 CaldowdstetJPoy B.y TaWdueayler t Buen2. tleyor Jenok,inwws O P30new n woodlard,PLA Poole, A.It-. Meatin Lierseeie Bal er o SSoSph.m C Gattrm le CoSwnfie SE ordvAUna Th Tnga InS Dinclud e specien of precmelof the FURNITUREiofa0 ture r. esidsener ; Eamtras,int rhalingrooa m scac. Mate vinoeweDd. Spedidin Granmdit and Piccolofulldromumtr compas infre yBoseniwaod dounArbleacin Haipotbyr reads, Hafewfneus enrviulns-,chnda, uan tiaty ofand plstrumentds, bein the Sktockhin Trae ofii Messes cutianry utoo,llof Wortbe viewordero the da riraendcore. go sl.Catage ]ESSIIS. WC?LLFOR an d Co. willSSE L Lby Ub iii.. TION, aTHI2 DY,OldBod-tret2, Pcadt ly for2 Wocedneua lynet Jnobe2 bti-for-o'locke, upwards corf 30d cbnewtns,eooatd-haite.P, oa FOTE, ncl h udningatull ompassdnij roeod copriccolopanitsh leant grands pinfourtes, andAabiyanew bydBreadsod,Ma bedn,wrobs, viebed h dayproandimornaing,of sale. Cataogues hana the remise, and of the auctioneers, 74,1High-sureet,oKe nsingtoNewCuc-tet hMlold. Furnitue anSdbEfect, SufCottagne Panfote Sacoiners'wo 1%IFSSRS. WB NDEN andCo SQIREL are favured BateSLLbLUTION, ToSDn ue2, t1peiey the BURNes TUelfofdba the abevehefreience omprisngtal, drawingt elroo uthearinlosewood diingttroomsdttm mahncogny, rwhebeadlroom chathrevaorieso mhoa-. hoganArabtn andotherbedstas afew doneengravluings china, olas,plat an plted ood, ad te ua Deciptchenretuisgtes andeninsa utensis, Mayeviewe the ayriorad mornngefhalbe.casingthrae on th premses, nd attheofcso the a uctioneers, Subuy Weingtonk. roaS. Johuen'-wood,t Mand12 anovxer-lactmdrnPiiue, Parkcuad No. 7 Uppe Porcesterstree, andoteprk-Efrecen.-Ts eun DiFSR A WLDSON i indtrco.edill SELL by T Ul CTEOand ontb sinem2, TH atD12 furl,0 a1 modrnFURt'. ECSen HOScOmpLDn aULMR dawng roomCTSuiei comprwoI rosewoydchair,diningtables,ncuchesof chairs,ma.;tebegndinntro m ciprizs ur-ostandAraban edsead, bddig wardrobe, marcble.n day andmorningb ofe pesle CntaltgeeTon Sthaprmies, and. Cofhthous autiners,r44, gesVllurn-gr tov ur nd raNew Churchswt,ree with LN asrcevc instructions foteExcorofhelte SirLyd Parer EAsCTItONSL by GaUCTION, on Friae Premise, Mtel2ford-hain aforesai, lTMUOandtsigts reservOUE.So stuesay.Jue in1 atmbhalfpilast 12 sin thefr;eno onpunctully, alowin tiomewf oruthaivagtlortee fisttall nsfroa Loun,donfNrwchandthLeooswover, tCLvolet ofmther.aro wandr chice CEla S of WINachES, slectdb the manslatnobpe proprietown thregard:leassefcs.cmrsn about 600doyn,encldin fi ne oeld ata drn -o.i e dra,nu Perth, Sherry,v Cart,X Lapter Hock, Ieh.;fII 6, dulrsan f of fne old. tioansalof s00 mtybeharsd botte Darwy'esripiv caalgese adWilolbe cidtrcuato 1(1rays r erol n the soale Oaand maynbe hadby lenosin Hthre postage stamps on appliatio to. thne auctioneers5, ondaury.tSuffolk 1rxno.1, uee-street ryer-xeln mode r ntr,wl n Buitaotred Vand. in Glas,China, anditothrEfet. ESSKA LD0WS instructe toil SELL by AUIX CTION. on the Premises TNSoA. Jun3ed 2.et2fordotg Barrine diecllenofthOUSEHeuoLD, teFUNITUIIE and EFECTS, comprsn andriningadaIg room chirs,wanu troeewtble and whatnot, damucheso and ecasyichai alse,chimngey,cedl anmmdlet ghcuclasse, gir-adlae, bahdognr andilestres. ironch oreleasn and excellentabedding,emarblentopining stomandspchns,aglass,n aoand ytchenreqis ite,n lewoodr cotagea pants. Toobeviweate adayoks Areviosand mourningso, salde,nche lcatalogue.z mayehoadny the iremises; 'andbeddi theuauctoner a1thisF oices 12,ho Toaivey-sanmable-keeprs gand ote a-ertobla, and nica"n-hous~ M R. REELII~G Los received nstrica'tionus hadon SEL Villa, Basaraer; fve o eac ideof te pme s,iotaien threean stals,coah-hus, lft,andthre oom ovr, lost,draiNe, and watr cn elad n t eah tabe.theman sppl ppe owng ow gtates, comPrisn a n1.ewlyerected an comorableA Itesiduace." standing~ ~~~~~iaplaatstainwthcm let omtal all in go repair ad 130 aceIf exeln rbic end PatrLndsiue bythe prorito. Thu abovec liswell for occpaten ben ntrtei sporting end oudl. 2 an Mitaeiasnex. Prtculrs wih cndtios o sle ndlitheraphie, sale ofT, Knney, sg.,25,iraneryln; andof ta auctroneers. No6.Fetsee et6dtY.-Extraordll3arY Sae of Pictures, upwaras of 2,0001 luet e lae Oftepr0trremnfotbc businss C LOUIS KELL~ has beenhonoured with Miess cien frm heProprietors (who are retirig from the buei-. ness)to SLL b AUCION.on the Premises as abv, THIS DAY. June0 ad T-svo,a12for I. the third portion of the choice and valuble o CLET ON f PAINTINGS, lire -whole selected. withtbe greatest careand juget from the Italian, Spanish, Flemish, Dutch, Flrench, and Enrle scol,soeo high speculative chitheYoiag'Walton nsbyCntabe Vs of BlowersbyVan Huyseum - Head of.the$aviour, byuEbens ;a pleasin Landscape and Figuares, by A. NayEmith : Figure and Cattle on'tire Banks Off a R'iver, by CUYF Portrait of a Gentleman, by Helbein ' View of Rome from tbe Tiber by Oliver; nxaRi-(-tiad- bErbm and esteemnd and chuocc{examplen of the following eudother eininntrnnster5:_. Berghem DO Heem TCnlers Sir Joshua Reynolds Wilson Canaletto Rembrandt Vandlyko Rubens B3rauwer Carlo Dolcd Gainsborough. Oniwwoasrior. Catalogues on the premises 03. Bleet-streeti and at theoffices of the auctioneer, 15. BelgraTD-EL-Cet south, Pinsliso. On View. a Collection of veryfinel Pitrs eetalr.71, Regent. street 1IU.GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, as above, IJ.THISDAY (Frday), June 20 and To-maorrow at 1. avery N. Poussin Rubens Beygharn Sir J. Reynolds Velasquez Mrlilo Coyn Rembrandt Guio C Maatt Scedoe D. Teir,= . On vie, and atalogus at te Galley. 71.Recen t-sre
