- DEATHS. - Ine 27th itnst atINo1, Grafton-strect, Catherine, Countess of Peibrlegbk in her Bi year. dei the $1 of' oTember, 15 at Swan River, Weste Australia. ac. CideuflMrydrawned, William Apht ino Cmpbell, eldest n of Manor Cabell, of Queen's-gardens, Hydepark. O Iftlk5hd De&emb6r. atliobitit Town, inhbis 24th iear rgire Hiors di-ner, redfica- 8tttdeot, Kineicngsollege, London, t son Gurdincri C.thtbBriaeol o p: On the 2th inst., aged SI RI Wd e o l teSron General in the Artlery an youngsen of the la 16ea, Ioln Roberts, Archde dioesf B r On, the Sbt inst., at the lalne, Trowbridge, Wilts, J au- a Eliza, yOntgest daughter of1 W W a.is, Esq., aged15years. On the 12th inst., in the 68th year of his age, Johnh A. P. Rachan, Ba., of Hamnbur& Germany,. for many years a resident of Madeira, and latterly of dteew York. On Sunday, the 234 inst.. at eld Charlton, Sophia, widow of the late Major Da Verneto of the Royal Arti;lery, aged 85. On the 24th list., at the residence of her son, Ralph Oal-den, Rag., of Goudhurst, Kent, ML's. Elizabeth Robinsoni, aged 85. On the 2ith inst., at Hoopet, near Exaeter. Wingfield, daughter of tre nteo Jdn Cautler, Bsg., of Upton House, Torbay, formerly of Silk-C stone, in the county of YorLi On the 25th inst., at his house, in Southwell, in his 82d rear, Lie Grant. dig., formerly of Little Grimsby Hall, in the county of Lincoln. o OnTuesday, the25e thinst., most deepyregrette Mrs. LA, ewson, themuclhiesteemedhostess of the ThrleeCuapsHotel, Oxford,previously of the George Hotel, Reading, aged 36. On the 26th inst., at 21, Welington-road. St. John's.wood, Frances Caroline, relict of Captain James RItniell. On the 26th inst., at Bath, George Robert Skinner, Esg., AssistantSurgeon H.RLTC.&., Bengal, in the 51st year of his ago. On thue 26th inst., Sin Grafton-street east, Amne, the wile of Mr. Jronas HIIlL On the 26th inst., Susannah, relict of the late Philip iChasemore, of Horsham, Sausex, aged 90, deeply regretted by her survivIng family, On the fSthmist., at Guernsey, Martha Amelia, wife of John Ozanne, Faq., M.D., and daughter of the 16ev. Win. J. Chpepnll, rector of St. Sampson's, Guernsey, in the Slat year of her age. On the 27;h inst., at No. 3, Teales-terrace. Hackniey-road, in her 62d year, Elizabeth, the beloved wife of Mfr. John Forrester, for manYcars officer attached to the Mansion House, city. On the 26th inst., at his residence, St. Pleter's, Thanetk Isaac NWhte, REsq, deeply lamenLted. On the 26th inst., at Floore, Thomas Hickman, Bsg., aged 66. On the 25th inst., at 1, Woodlands-terrac, Black-heath,Agnes Cathesie onest daughter of John Alldin Moore, Esg., aged two years anfd naryfour months. On the 28th inst., after years of rtacted suffering, Anne Maria, wife of J. Hl. Ansel, 'of the Sam of Lams, Mfedley, and A&nsell, Faringdon and.1Wantage, bankers. ILI-.. On the 26th inst., at Hove, B3righton, Herbert Edward, youngest childI of J. EL Sebrildor, Esq., aged 18 months. On ridy. he25t int. athisresdeee.No., T2homas's-terraee Chuch-tret, ld entrod, f crbucle JaesWelch, Esqg., iage On the,28thinst., atES'. South Audley-street,Augusta Diana, the wife of Frederilck MortimertLewin, Faq. On the 26thinst., attlanvorda, in the county of Salop, the Right HEon. SirHenryWa,tkin WVillamnsW%Ynn I.CCB.,G(IC.H., formerly Her Bri6tannic Ma,jesty's EnvoyEx-traordinryand Ministerrteuipotentiarzy a6t the Court of Copenhagen, aged 73, On Saturday, the 29th inst., of scarletina. after only three days' illnesa, Charlotte Maria. the only child of Thoma3 Little, Faq., 36, Northumberlanud-street, Si. M1arylebone, in her 17th year. At his residence, Borcham, near Warminiter. 'Wilts,after a ahortl3hess Mr. Thomas Reddrop, in the 60th year of his sge. At the StarandGarter, at Putney, after an illnessof five dams of avoeySir Rupert Dennis George. Bi.. C.Bl, born 9th of October, lIV,e SeMcretary of the Golesyof NovaScotfa.
PARLIAMENTARy NOTICES. EOITSE 01o TmmzT9 'RTT.T.q AP' sM- .-- TheEasl of Ahbemarlc,-To move that a humble address be prsented to Her Majesty for- A copy of an order, dated 5th of July. 1855. from 0. L Shubrick,Eaq. collector and magistrate of Chingleput. to Streevausee vow, Tebsildar fnative coUeetor) of Pariapollium, a distTict in that colleetorato. directing hiu, under penalty of a "severe order.' to collect the Government loomu-tax from certain weavers ia his district, "Mwithout leaving any part whateverunrealized;" A copy ofpetitions, dated Ist of August, 185i, to C. I. Shubrick, Esq., in nhis tsalc capacity, of sever.1 weavers of Pariapolliuln, -setting forth the cruel tortures to whicn they were subjected by the native coilecor, SireevansoE Row, on the 27th and 28th days of July. for the non-paynient of thc Goverrnmeut loom-tax, praying for a respite from payment on account of their poverty, and in consequence of many of their inhabitants having absconded from their viUage A copyof the depositions taken before the aforesaid C. I. Shubrick, Esq., in his capacity of magistrate, on the 23rd of August, 1855, of 14 weavers, respectuig the tortures inflicted upon themu by the aforesaid Streovatsee vow, on the 27th aud 28th days of July. I855, iu order to realize the whole of the Government loom-tax; wtich evidence led to the conviction of that ofirer; Acopy of the opinion if such should have been given, by the Governor and Ceuncil of kiadras, or the Court of Fou,idaree Adawlut, or other superior authorities, in respect to the decision of C. I bbubrick, BEq., joint cob'ector and magistrate of Chiugleput, in the case of the aforesaid 1_ weavers of PariapoLius, by which the Tebsildar Streovansee Row was sentenoed to ray a fine of only 5 rupees (or I1s.) for having collected the Govemrsent tax ou looms by the instrumentality of torture from the weaver in queAtion; And to cal the attention of the House to the nature of the tax called "Moturpha," of which the loolm-tax is a part. (Thurs-day, the 3rd of April). Agricultural Statistics Bill,-Comnmittee on Friday, the .4th of *irrage LwA Amendment Bill.-Secont reading on Tnesday, the 5th of ApriL The Earl of Albemarle,-To present a petition from certain inhabitants of the Presidency of Mbfadras, complaining of the inttiction of torture by the officers of overnment; attributing the practice to weight in the assessment of the Government revenue; and praying for protection: Also, To move to resolve,-That by a report lately laid on tbe table it is proved to the entire conviction of the House that torture, or the inliction of pain, for the purpose of confession or extortion, has long been practised, and still coutinues to be practised, by the native officers "of Government, in the realization of the publc revenues and the administration of- cimiual laLw, toa greaterorless extent, throughout all the 20 provinces constituting the Government of Madras; That the aforeeaid torture, although clandestine and unauthorized, has been for many -ears kuowen and admitted by the constituted authorities at home and in India, as showns by the public recordss; That this House views the aforesaid pr8itice of torture, affecting so many milions of Ber Maesty's subjects, whether as an instrument for the realization of the publi¢ revenues or the administration of criminal law. or for any other _Uurpose whatsoever, a. repugnant to natural justice, abhorrentfrom ifu-anity, and highlydisgraceful to the character of this nation; That this House hereby pledges itself to pursue the speediest and most effectual measures within Its power for the annihilation of the odiousandbarbarous practioeof tortue within the above-mentioned Government and Presdency of Madras. (Monday the lth of April.) Vicount Dlungannon,-To move to resolve, that experience has proved the present system of granting tickets of leave to convicts tobe injurious tothemterestsof society, dangerous to the security of property, andtendingto the increaserather than thedimninution of crine; it Is, therefore, most important and desirable that HeIMajesety'sGovemmentshouldtake the matter into theirseriousconr sideration. and devise some means, either by providing employment for convicts so released at home or in the colonies, or otherwise, of relievingthepublicandthecountry from amostfearfulandgrowing evil (Friday, the 3d of Mlay) Tke Earl of Malmesbury, To call the attention of the House to the correspondence upon the military operations in Asiatic Turkey ad the defence of Kar. (On an early day after the recess at Easter.) Lord Monteagle,-To move for copies of any order or regulation issued since the establishment of the office of Secretary of State for War to provide for the discharge of the financial duties of the Commissariat and the administration of the Commis3ariat Chest Accoumt. (After the recess at Easter.) Lord Ardrossan.-To call-the attention of Eer Majesty's Government to the expediency of Issuing a Royal Commission to inquire into the operation of the lawsw hich regulate the currency of the united 1king dom. (On an early day alterthe recessat Easter.) XOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, MARCH 3L OnlDxRS OP T DAY. Supply-Committoe, Supply,-Beport. Ways and veans,-Committee. Vaccination Bill, -Second reading. Prisons (Irelnd) Bill,-Committee. Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Bill.-Second reading. Courts of Common I 1wand) Bill,-Second reading. Juries (Ireland) Bill-Second reading. Judgments Execution, gc. Bill,-Second renring d Joint-Stock ComPam.sBill,-tmmittee. Nuisances Bemontiw, lie. (Scotland) Bit,-.Seeond rending. Bankniptcy(Scotland) Bill,-ommittee. Mafrried W0omen's Ieverdionary Interest Bill,-Committee. Public Works, &t,-Ittport thereupon, .NOrICes OF 'Txo0s8c. lr. Olivelra.-To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether the Governmentwill sanction (in such cases as may be desired by the holdersja registration of the bonds of the Imperial iOtoman Loan of £500000t 185S, under,the jointg6uacantee of England and France. Mfr. xdImlinge,-To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whaether, in the event of the additional duty imposed upon malt in 1858 ceasing on the 5th day of July next, the Govermnent wild give an assurance hat acorresponding drawback willbe made on stocksof malt then in hand. Mr. Attorney-General,-Bill to amend the law relating to the Criminal Appropriation of Trust Property held by persons as trustees or bailees. Mr.Solicitor-GenieralforIreland,-To nominatetheSdectCommittee on the Juvenle Convict Prison (Ireland) Bill:-Viscount Mfonck, Mfr. Horsman, Mlr. Solicitor-General for Wrland, -Mr. James Heam Hamilton, Colonel Taylor, Mr. George Alexander Hlamilton, and five membersto be added to the Comnuttee of Selection. Five to bethequorun. Mr. Tite.-Address for returns of persons -who are at present confinedforcontempt of courtin allyof Her hMajesty's gaols in Great Britainand Ireland, under proof issuaing out of aU courts civil sand ecclesiastical (excepting cases of committal by county courts and courts of conscience for non-payment of debts and costs): stating the time at which, and bywhat court, each personYwas committed, and the cause of committal; - . Of aUpersons who were in confnement for contempt of court in March, 1842 Of all personswhohlave been imprisoned for contempt of court in those gaols in each year since 1842 (excepting persona committed by County Couts and courts of conscience for non-payment of debts ada csts); stating the name of each prison. the cause or grounds of imprisonment, thesamountof debt orcostsfor which imprisoned, and the dale of discharge (in continuation of Parlamentary paper No. 278, of SessiouI8l8); Of the total number of hm3atic in respect of whom commissions of lunacy are now inforce,-and of the total amount of their annual incomes, and the total amount of the sums allowed for their maintenance; For each year; from 1880 to 1855, inclusive, of thenumber of hlnatics in respect of whom commissions issued, diatingulehingthose in respect of whom commissions 3re now in force; Of the total amount of their annual incomes, and the total amount of tbe same allowed for their maintenance; distisguishingthe number of persons, and amount of income, audthe allowance for maintenance of those who have individuallylessthan£l00 per annum;. those Vwho have more than £100 andless than £200 per anmum; those who have more tban 200 and less than£400 per annum; those who have more than£40andlessthair400Wper aunum; those who have maore than> 600 and less than £;I000 per annum, and those who have more than £1,000 per annum, with the amount of their income, (in continuataon of Parhamentary paper No. 505, of Session 18i1); Of the amounts of percentage paid ia each year, from the 8th day of January, IBi tothe 8th day of January, lSSN on lunsatics' incomes, andofthepayments made thereon in each year during the same peiod, tiner the provisons of the act 3d and 4th Wiliam IV.. chap. 856 (in continuation of Parliamentary Paper No. 508, of Session And of the nulnber of criminal lunatics now under confinement, specifying the name and sex of each person, the place of confinement, whethtr in lunatic asylums, licensed houses. or gaols; the nature of the offence committed, and the period at whichthe confinement tommenced (in continuation of Parliamentary Paper No. 195, of Session 1844). Sir Stafford Xorthcote,-BilU to amend the made of committing criminal and vagrant children to reformatory and industrial schools. Mr. Einnaird-.teturn specfying the quantity of coals supplied to the steamvessels of Her Maesty's navy during 155, and the cost of such coaL Viscount Ebrington,-Eeturn, so far as the same can be given, of the deaths, and th cansesof death, in the year 151, in the barracks of the united kingdom, w,ith an account of the average number of noncammiassoned of ficers and privates quarered in each duing the same year. And of the number of deaths and invalidedl during the same year,. in each regiment of the HouseholdBrigade, and the Brigade of Guards, -vnlyout DTmcan,-To nominate the Select Commaittee on Ordnance Survey of Scotland:-Viscount Duncan, the LordAdvocate, Wr. ETelyn Denison, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Iloyd Davies, Lord Elcho, Mfr. Stirvimg Mr. ILaffan, .r. Baxter, Mfr. Dunlop, Mr. E. Etlicee Mr.W. Lockhart, Mr. SmoUett, Mr. Leicester Vemon, and the Mas quisofStafford. Five tobethequorum. -Mr. Wilson,-Civil Service Estinates (in Committee of SuPplj. Mfr. Cowan,-On going into Committee of Supply, to move, that in the opinion of this House, the practice of blileting soldiers of the militia and of the line in Scotland upon private families is injurious to the comfort and disciplineof the men as well as,oppressive to the people; andthatit is the dutyof the Government to take means permanently to abolish the grievance. Mr. Macartney,-On going into Committee of Supply. to move address for copies of aU communications oetweenthe OVdnance and WarDepartments andtheEnclosnieCommwissioners, respecting theaequhring and purchasing of certain extensive tracts of common lands in the panshes of Aldershott, Ash, &c., for military purposes: Returns of the amoumt of valuation, and detailed schedule of all sims awarded to parties clanihng any right or interest in said lands, with copies of any reports made by the valuator namaed under the provisions of the General Enclosure Acts 8th and9thof Victoria, clap. 18, 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 67, and 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. llZ; ands map showing the quantity of land prhased, the roads and pathways proposed to be stopped, and those intended to be substituted, tinder the provisions of a bill (Aldevihott Camp Bill) nowt pending in Parliament; And, of almoneysgrantedbyParliament since thelstdayof January, 1884. and any furtherrum new estimated for completing the purchase of said lanmds, the forming a camp atAl7dersholt. and ezrecting pemar neat anld temporary baracks, wiith naU other buildings and roads necesssry thereto..
LODGUG-sOIJos., VAUXHALL-ROW, LA,-BE.-, While we would lay bare the miserable condition of the' dwelling places to which the poor of the metropolis are in too many instances condemned, and make evident the evils resulting from it, we at the same time gladly record the I endeavours which are being made in various quarters to provide some remedy for the eviL About 'two years since there stood upon the site whereon these new lodging-houses havebeenerected 20 houses, each floor of which was occupied by weekly tenants; and in some cases whole families were crowded into a single room ; there was no drainage, and the basement storeys were little better than cellars. So soon as the Duchy of Cornwall obtained possession of this property it was determined thoroughly to repair and re-model the whole; but upon a careful survey being made it was found that its state was not such as to justify any Large expenditure upon it, as the object which the duchy bad in viewviz., the improvement of the dwellings of the poor in that densely populated locality, would even then not have been accomplished, and it was, therefore determined to clear the site and erect upon it a range of buildings which would afford the worldng classes habitations of a character more saitable to their wants, due regard being had to drainage, ventilation, and other social necessities. 'The entire frontage of the property is 320 feet. The new dwellings have been ' arranged in flats, and of various sizes, so as to meetthe means and re uireraents of tenants. The buildings are ffreproof, according to Messrs. Fox andBarreWs principle. The total number of dweDings is 54, and the cost of the whole was under 12,0001. The plans and specifications were .prepared by Messrs. Hunt and Stephenson, under whose superintendence the works have been executed by Mr. Grimsdell. The outlay altogether, including the value of the site, has been aboult 16,000g, and it is at present uncertain what rental *willbeobtained; but, as the Duchy ofCornwall has a large property in Vauxhall and Xeunington, the object has been not so much to seek an vestment as to take the lead in improving the dwellings of the poor, in the hope that other owners of property will be induced to follow the example. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, as President of the Councilof the Dachy, has shown alivelyinterest in the progress of the scheme, and suggested many -valuable improvements upon the original desigu.-Thle Builer. THE OPEiA AT BRIussE1s;-The Th6ftre de la Monnaie, thenationalopera-houseof theBelgians-whichwas burnt to tha ground in-185{ with muh the same suddenness and rapidity as Covent-garden lTheatre-was reopened a few 3ays since with great ceremony. The house was rebuilt at the expense of the townspeople; and unanimous praise has been accorded to the architect, x Poelaert, who in a very short time has restored the edifice to even more than its ancient sjlendour. The inhabitants of Brassels have now once again an opera-house of which any capital might iustly be proud. The opera selected for the reopening w Halevy's Jgaguarita 'Inrdiennte-the same in which Madame Marie Cabel was so successful at the ThUtre Lyrique in Paris. The crowd was immense, and the audience were enraptured with the theatre. CRYSTAL PAXCE.-FrV SmxG DAY, March 29-Admissions on payment, 170;. ditto by maon tickets, l,729; toQtAl'iiv J1~
STATE O-V rVADE. MANCH1ESTEP, MAWR.c 29. The m.arket has been quieter in tone during the last few days, but the activity at the commencemnent of the *eek irt cloths suitable for India, including 40-inch shirtings, madapollams,and iacconots, has placed manufacturers again considerably under contracts for future delivery, and prices aire sustained at the extreme rates of last week. There is also a fair business repolted in printing cloths and 36-inch shirt'ugs. Although the market has been quieter since WVednesday, the statements put forth to-day, to the effect that stronger anticipations are now entertained of the conclusion of a peace, have led to a maore cheerful feeling, and in some instances to a greater disposition to do businezs. In yarns the inarket has not been so weU sustained as in cloths, especially for lower counts of twist ; but 40's to 60's mule twist and double yarns continue in fair request and at very faUl prices. The home trade houses continue to be well supplied with orders from retailers and middlermen, and all kinds of £ancy goods go offwell. Prnuts are very firim in price, owing to the full rates having to be paid for the f;bric. in the gray state. BIRMLIGHAM, MA.RCH 29. The resolution adopted by the ironmasters at their meeting on Thursday has allayed any apprehensions which might previously have been entertained with respect to an immnedinte reduction of prices, and from all *ve hear the decision meets with the coruial approbation of the' principal members of the trade (who were not present) in the East Worcestershire and South Staffordshire district. There is now every reason to believe that orders which for some time past have been withheld in expectation of a fall, will find their way into the market, and the trade be thus placed in a better position than it otherwise would during the present comparative suspension of the American demand. It is satisfactory, however, to know that advices which have been received in Birmingham and the neighbourhood since Thursday hold out hopes of a speedy revival of the iron trade with that country, and that already Liverpool houses are in possession of considerable commissions for South Staffordshire bars and rails Frea speidfications have also been issued by the railway comjanes at home, and altogether prospects are more cheering than they have been for the last two months. It is said that the large tract of mine in Shropshire, and upon which are situated the Stirchley furnaces and the well-known Old Park ironworks, and occupied for a long time by the late Mr. Botfield, have passed into the hands of highly-practical men, who will carry on the wrought-iron works together with thefurnaces, and from the quality of the materials to be obtained on the spot be able to compete with the first makers in the adjoining districts. The other Shropshire firis, especially the makers of best pigs are well employed, and prices generally are looking up. An advance upon some descriptions has taken place. Stocks are extremely low, and with ironstone at present rates no reduction can be expected. 'There is little alteration in the coal trade, except a slight indication of the instability of present prices. Some of the large proprietors are advertising best coals at a considerable reduction, and in all probability the matter will 'undergo discussion at the approaching quarterly meeting to be held at Stourbridge. Tinplates maintain the last advance, and, notwithstanding, the demand for tin wares suffers no diminution. There is little new to report with regard to the general manufactures of Birmingham. They are for the most part languid, although some branches are fairly employed. The uncertainty of the prices of rawimaterials which has recently prevailed has prevented masters manufacturing for stock, and, unlike former times, employment is only required for the execution of orders immediately required. This result has been particularly observable in the brassfoundry business, in which, at least in the smaller establishments, goods are only made from "hand to mouth," This system leads occasionally to' a sudden demand for mechanical laboutr, which cannot ontheinstantbe convenieutlyobta'med, and factors consequently complain of the 'non-execution of their orders. The brassfoundry which at the present time are least regularly employed are those engaged in cabinet work or greatly dependent upon the budng trade - the heavier departments, such as the brass bedstead manufactulre business, is not over active. One or two large establishments, of acknowledged reputation, and who have good foreign cennexions, are busy; but those engaged in the. make of the hiumbler descriptions of this article are compa-. ratively dull, and only partally employed. There is little or no abatement inthe demand for copper tubes required for marine purposes, large quantities of whichhave recently been supplied to the Governmnent dockyards and the shipbuilders of LiverpooL. The wire-drawers of the to-wn; iron and copper, have some good orders on hand; but there haslately been a falling off in the call for electric wire. Several of our manufacturers of heavy brass and copper goods continue to complain of the restrictions wich Government regulations have imposed upon their trade with the contiLent, and anticipate upon their removal an unprecedsentedly large trade with northern Europe; 'gThe letters from Australia in the early part of the week contained a fair sprinelaing of orders for Birmingham manufacturers, They consisted of general hardware tequirements;and the correspondents of houses in thistown in that colono speak rather favourably than otherwise of the prospects of oisr Iocal trade. Their representattons are much more encoaing than those conveyed by the last packets. The colonists, from the last letters received in IBirmingham, appear to anticdpate agood reciprocal trade with this country, lt has been the custom of certain houses in Mtelbourne to consign to some of our mnufactusrers large quantities of wool, in return for their exports of local p,roducts. The exchange this year is likely to be in favour of the Australianls, inasmuch as the price of wool is much higher in this country than for the last two or three seasons. ' The factors of the town,or at least a portion of them, speak hopefully of the home trade in Birmiingham manufactures. Spring orders are said to be improving, but as yet, as we have already intimated, 'they have produced little effect in the workshops of our manufacturers. The papier mache business, carriedj onain this tow n to a great extent, is generally much depressed, but Messrs. Jennens and Betteridgehave severalgoodcommnissions in course of completion, aswellforRoyalty as for marine purposes. Among other attractions in this establishment, a set of patent gem enamelled vases, for PrinceAlbert, have durng the present week beengreatly admired by visitors. The lower deprt ments of the japannery business are, however, at a very low ebb, and by the inferior articles which they produce infict a serious injury upon the higher branches of the manufacture. Within the last few years the introduction of men into the trade equally destitute of capital and taste has really damaged this important source of artistic employment. The same observations, to a certain extent, apply to electroplating. Tho manufacture has become so common, and an inferior article, of the quality of which the public generally are no judges, so low in price, and worthless, that even the choicest and most meritorious productions of our best electroplaters are ignorantly subjected to the popular sneers with which in olden times Birmingham manufactures were indiscriminately and rdely assailed. It is 'unnecessary to say that the distinction which Birmingham electroplating won in the Hyde Park and Paris exhibitions has, notwithstanding the 'degradation to which some branches have fallen, obtained for certain well-known houses an European reputation. The jewelry business is scarcely so brisk as it was a few weels ago. Some of our makers, although not ranked amongthe first establishments, are soliciting orders from merchants and manufactarers, and that is by no means a proof that the manufacture is very active. The foreign markets have been glutted with common Jewelry, and thepresent times arenotfavourablefor the sale of the best qualities. Large quiantities have within thelastfewyears been e.xported to Australia, for agreat portion of w;hich only a profitless retun, it is feared, will be made. The edged-tool business continues busy, and most of our manufacturers in the town and neighbourhood are well employed. The stove and grate manufacture, as might be expected, is comparatively still, as well from the season as from the scanty building operations now in progress. There sill, however, continues to be a great demand for patent locks and safes, and-what is stillmore remarkable-of late many of these have been exportedto North America. The common door lock business is slacck, but the military lock trade remains very active; the locks can scarcely be sup- lied with sufficient quickness for the gunfitters now busily employed upon ,the Government contracts. The latter are progressing satisfactorily; although the heavy iron-foundry businesses in the neighbourhood of Dudley and Smethwick are not quite so active as two years ago, there is still a large amount of work in progress in both localities. At Woodside heavy contracts are on hand, and, if we may judge from the display which has been made during the present week, there can be little lack of employment inthat establishment. There are the great iron bridge over the Medway at Rochester; the new iron landing-stage at Liverpeol; heavy contracts for the Melbourne Waterworks; the same for the Copenhagen Waterworks and Gasworks; and, lastly, the piping for the South Staffordshire Waterworks, to which we have pre'viously alludedL These may be nauned only as among the 'many heavy contracts for foundry at this time in course of execution in the neighbouring iron districts of East Worcestershire and South Staffordshire. At Westbromwich we are informed that the hollow-ware manufacture is improving, and th'at considerable shipments have recently been made to the British colonies. The demands of the factors for the home market are likewise in- creasing, and now tho price of iron is pretty firmly settled, vwthout any probability of an alteration for some weeks or months to come, orders will no doubt be given more freely than they have of late. Quarter-day turned, and a start in the trade maybe expected. Throughout the town and district the 3Easter holldays in the early part of the week were very generally and apparently, very joyously observed. Birmngham streets Were crowded with well-dressed artisans (some of whom had aived by trip trainsl from morning tonight. The working population of the Midland Counties, indeed, never exhilbited more satisfactory- evidence of welldoing,'if no£ of absolute prosperity. The retail tradesmen of Birmingham, however, complain of the shortness of their receipts, and intimate that, notwithstanding the gaiety displayed by the holyday-makers of the district, they were but indifferently provided with cash. The pottery muafacturers in srorth Staffordshire 'are taking up the subject of a free trade with France with great spirt their belief being that a mutual abolition of duties by both countries vwouli enormously increase the exports of their crockery wares to France. The leading members of the trade in the pottery districts have entered heart aud soul into the matter, and they are apparently zealously supported by several influential members of Parliament connected and unconnected with the Potteries. It has been resolved to petition Parliament for the free admission of French wines into this country, with the hope of obtaining from the French Government the abolition of duties imposed upon English manufactures exported to France. The question does not seem at present to excite much interest in Birmingham or the immediate neighbourhood- but the question in all probability -will be brought before tie Chamber of Commerce. NOTlNGHA1, MAX 29. There has been rather a quieter feeling in the hosiery trade this week, owing to the continuance of cold weather, which materially checks the sle of goods suitable to the home supply; and the lge advae which has taken Place in the pnce of yarns hasha a further tendency to dater fxoi~ perlix~ 's5t th fredo chy otherwise would do. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, however the whole of the machinery in the trade is fully employed, and in every branch. The pantaloon hands have demanded an advance of from 9Ld. to Is. &-dozen, and. -threaten-that- if it be not.given.to them on Monday next. they will strike; but it is hoped that somne compromse may be effected which will prevent the necessity of that threat.. being carriedout. A few orders have already arrivedfort'he American faU trade, and it'is believed that others to a very large extent would be placed immediately if the advances which have been made in prices were not so consi. derable. Since the Americans were here, in December last,. for their spring purchases, cotton yarns have advanced about 2s. a-bundle; spun silks, 6a. to Is. a-pound; silks, 2s. a-pound; and merinos, cashmeres, and wooUens. 2d. to 4d. per lb. These advances tell very heavily upon the Price of finished goods. n the lace branches also a quieter feeling has prevailed. sinceour2last2report, occasioned in asome measure by thek holydays, but this may partly be attributed to the fact that.W the season opened earlier than usuaaL The aniety so long manifested rsecting the safety oE the Pacific steamer seems to have. settled down into a sad. conviction that she will be heard of no more. She had onx board, as previously noticed here, several eminent AngloAmerican merchants, largely engaged in the le andhosier trades, .aud very large quantitiesof goods from Nottiaghaa sand loughborough. We have learnt that the strike in the latter town, of which much has been said, was occasioned by the placing of orders to supply the missing goods or orders anticipated. It now transpires that some of the Loughborough hands really did visit Nottinghsm to seek worl, aud had an interview with one manufacturer. Ther urged that their employers were in a fix, owing to the nonarrival of the Pacific in the United States; that goods were> urgently wanted there; and that they would remove tot Nottingham if the gentlem-n to whomu they were speaking would give them considerably higher wsages than their present employers were paying them. The reply, very properly, was, that though mien were urgently wanted here, and almost any num ber of them, the applicants ought to be ashamedfor wishingto change under sucheircumstances, and it woulv d be a disgrace to any Nottingham manufacturer whoimight engage them. He further lectared them as to the relations of employers and employed, and, the malcon- nUts returned to Loughborough. There being a settled conviction that the war is over, anul that we are entering upon a new period of commercial pros3perty, bsimness of all kinds seems to be worling intco life.KBuilding operations, which haveneverceasedduringthe, war, are being conducted on a large scale. Several grat. contracts have lust been let, and many others are in preparation and prospect. The quantity of land bein2g leased or purchased for the erection of dwvel]ing]houses and business prermses never before was so considerable. And yet all seems sound and legitimate enterprise or investment. There is not the least appearance of w21dness or speculation The next sale of land by the General Euclosure Commisioners, fixed for the 15th of April, is lookea forward to -with considerable interest, as furnishing sites for most purooses under peculiar advantages, and as showing the market 'ilue of lands in the possession of other proprietors. The expectation of the Baltic ports being open this spring has caused a slight fall in the value of timber. Bricks, however, are, scarce, and adraacing in price Is. to 2s. per 1,000, the market having been cleared and orders planted which will take many mnonths of favourable weather to complete. This branch of industry, which the building of a new town has rendered considerable in Nottingham, hs been nuch depressed during the last two years, notwithstanding a large consumption, owingto great and almost reckless competition among the makers. LEICESTEP, ILARcu 29. This week, in consequence of the Easter holydays, business has to some extent been impeded; the cold weather operates unfavourably in some departmnents of our trade, In lowv cotton goods there is a very tolerable demand, fully equal to the average of formner seasons. For worsted hosiery there is very little minqiry, and this zemark my also apply to woollen hosieryv. The orders wihich have been received fromthe wholesalehouses are at the old prioes. Thegeneral aspect of trade here is by no means satisfacory. In yarns there is an advance of a halfpenny per lb. Wools are selling: at the late advance; but, as manufacturers are tolerably well supplied, the sales are but limited; indeed, the extreme> prices asked have a tendency to cheek sales. I.EEDS, RAXCH 29. The markets in the cloth-halls to-day have been steady ;as to the demand for seasonable goods andfirm as to price; but, the stocks in the halls being comparatively small, buyers have not so much to choose from as they had a month ago, and hence the quantity of cloth sold inthe public markets to-day has been rather less than on the two or threepreceding Saturdays. A good deal of clothis maanufacturinp to order, and aMibrauches of the manufacture, dyeing, andt finishing, are active. Atthe same time, from causes which. have more than once been explained, the stocks have rather accamulated in the hands of the merchants during thelasi; few weeks. Should the,occurrence of peace not be followed by an increased dernand for woollen fabrirs for exportation, as well as by an addition for home consumption, it; is feared by some that the tnresent rate of activity in thea staple trade of this large district will not be maintained. Probably the same amount of business may not be done, until peace and the new order of things consequentupon it, are fairly inaugurated9 but there isnot the slightest gro2nd. to look for any stgnation or panic, much caution hnaving generally been usedto donothing but a tend fide trade, and ,ot to encourage production beyond a healthful and legitimate demand. The joyous wayin which the mass of the manufang population of the West Riding have spentthe Easter holy^ days, coupled with their new and fashionable appare3, though from the early occurrence of the festival manyhave deemed it prudent to postpone purchasing spring or summer dresses till Whitauntide, and their generally sober and becoming conduct, afford an undoubted proof that they are well employed at satisfactory wages. The worsted trade at Bradford and Halifax remains much; the same as last week. There is a fair demand for yarns and piece goods, and prices have improved in a ratio commensurate with the increase in those of wools. To-day's Halifax market is reported to bein all respects firm. There is no change in the local wool trade sinoe last week The occurrence of the holydays at Easter has tended to limit. operations. DIIBLIN, 2IIACfl 29. Trade continues exceedingly durlthroughout the country in all its branches; and even the certanty of an early treaty of peace, of which now there can be no doubt, seems to impart no symptoms of auimation to business operations. Though prices, generally speaking, range very moderate, thefneo spring weather now prevailing promises . well for the prospects of the country, and there is a downward tendency in the corn-markets, which are circumstances which might well be expected to encourage and promote a fair business in the produce-markets, the condition of those markets has not been much more dreary for a long time past. The sugarmarket is slack as regards business, bat prices are weUl maintained. At Smithfield on Thursday there was a very wel supplied market; but, in spite of a fair demand, the prioes of the preceding market-day were barely maintaned, and to effect quick sales a slightreduction had to be submitted to. In the provision-market there was rvery little businesa transacted, and prices unchanged. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 16,469L., against 15,2991. last week. The following is an abstract of dulties received at the porH; of Dublin for the week endine 3Bfarch 22: aTne oerations on the Stock-Exchange have not been mtarke by any noteworthy feature during the week. The funds continued firm, and shares sastained with frmness recent prices. Towardsthclose of the weekmining companies evinced a decided upward tendency, and the holders of this stock speak confidently of its being only in the beginning of the imrovemuent, which they seem toD think will be considerable. mong the improvements which the directors are actively cing out at Bailycorl s are two new smnelting furnaces on the double reverbatory principle, vshich are in course of erectiOn, ander the immediate superintendence of Mfr. Alfred Jenkin, the inventor and patentee of the improved fce; so that this esta. blishment, which had been heretofore a loss to the proprietors and an eyesore and a reproach to the country, promises to'become a profitable concern for the company, as well as. generally creditable as an important manufactory, of which, unhappily, there are far too few of any kind in this. country. BEULFAST, MAlcn 28. 1inen.-The linen trade, which had held rather a quief position for several weeks after the close of the past year, has been very steady, and the prospects of a stirring season 's business are now pretty certain. Orders from foreign houses are giving activity to the lawn handkerchief department; and for so far in the present year that branch has had a fair share of prosperity. Light goods apear likely to take a good place in the general businesso the next three months; and the styles which are most in demand at -the continental markets are more in favour. Printitig goods have been a moderate sale; and now that the olive branch is about to wave on the Russian frontiers * very considerable increase in that trade nay be anticipated. Brown markets were largely .upplied with goods for the week. The holydayseason caused weavers to workmore than usually hard, and the result was a turn out of goods. considerably above the ordinary amount shown at the several seats of sale. Axmagh and Tandragee were fully attended. Lurgan, on Thursday, had a full show of fine goods; lawns were moved off on'better terms, and ilL damasks the turn-over was pretty large; diapers not so easily disposed of. Our market on Friday, chiefly confinet to very coarse fabrics, did not exhibit great activity. Ballymena was well attended and several of the buyers took large lots of goods. A good business was alone effected in yarns. - Flax.-The fine weither at this season of the year has sooccuied the attention of the farmers in getting oats plt iv that m some of the markets held since our last only a few loads of flax made their appearance. The demand still keeps up for good hand and mill scutched flax at lat-week's prices. In Cootehill, Ballibay, Monaghan, and A-ughnadoy about 75 tons appeared. InArmagh, Cookstovz, Tandragee, and Rathfriland about 30 tons appeared. Prices :-Hand, 5s. to 8s. ; and milled, 7s. to 2s. 6d. per stone of l16lb. The higher marks of Riga flax are in good demand. Cotton.-Our local trade has been more active; the turn4 however, is very slight, and only to be noted on account of its movement in the right direction. The present month, as a whole, has rather increased the stock of goods, thoquantities that come in from the bleachJLelds and from. work-ersbeingmuch aboovo the aggrate of sales. Our deposits from Icashire are satisactor, and mus tend to stir up business on this side the channeL The fancy trade has been quiet for the lastthree or four weelks, and demra for labcour less active. [Advertisement.-_"Dia ry of the Crimean War, fronl theDeparture of the Guards to the Captre of Sebadtoool bDr. ltbinson. Ardstani8urseon to the Fusileer Guar, is pblibed this day, in Svo, 1.. with a portrat of the Duke of Cambridge, and d<dicated to his soya Hiishnes. this is. writheut coerkio the aut. work that records experiences from thie.lsning in the Crimea to the glorieus 5th of September. tThe descrdption of tkspZtle 9t lnhrnuer ltas~iukdly the IhvS tact baa ye; Xpcael
ONRY-3AR,BTB.Tand GITY % 7'aP,LLI GBNCS, Saturday Evening. The time having arrived for public attention to be turned definitively to the new order of commercial and financial affairs consequent upon peace, the El o, funds opened this morning with great steadimess, and, after having experienced a further slight advance, left off with a very favourable appearance. Consols for money were first quoted 92 to-*, and the final prices were 92i to Ifor money, and 921 to J for the 10th of ApriL India Bo'nds closed at 10s. to 5s. discount; Exchequer Bonds, 98k to i; and Xxchequer-bills (March) 2s. to 4s. premium, (June) ls. discount to Is. prenuum. The heavy payment of 2,150,0001. on the loan today was effected- without the slightest sign of inconvenient pressure. In the Stock-Exchange money -was obtainable at 6 per cent. Foreign securities were generallyfirmer, and quota'ions in some cases exhibited a further advance. 1-urceases of Turkish took place at an- improvement of about one per cent., which was fairly supported to the close. The operations in the Six per Cents. were at 97k, j, and 98i for money,- and 984, i, and 9)9 for the account. In the Four per Cent. Guazanteed Stock there were bargains for money at 1(;4, and for the account at 101j, i, 101, and 101. The general business included,-Brazilian, 102; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14.; Provisional Ikand Warrant, 44; Grenada New Active, 211 and 22k; the Deferred, 6;- BrazEilian, 102;Portuguese Five per Cents.,53; the Four perCents., 49; Spanish Three rer Cents., 45- and i; theNew Defeirred, for mnoney, 24§; for the account, 25 and 25k; Vene2uela, 28; the Deferred, 12; and Dutch Four per Cents. Certiiicates, 96 and 9Q The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were I 3f. Z0c. for money, and 73f. 40c. for the account, :showing a further improvement of a quarter per cent. The falDing off of 180,8541. in the Bank bullion, shown in yesterday's return, produced no adverse effect on the stock-market, the increased remittances qon account of the Turkish loan and for disburse-ments in the East, which are likely to be large in winding up the wai,being sufficient to account for it. The indications of commerce are all in favour of a steady infilux, which, when it shall have decidedly ocommenced, will probably prove of long continuance. From Paris to-day the accounts ofj the money3narket are favourable. Bulion continues to flow into the Bank of France, and the amount held is now supposed to have recovered to nearly 10,000,0001. The speculators on the Bourse are looking for a reduction in the rate of discount, and a rumour has already been circulated that it will shortlybeloweredto5percent. Onthisside, also, it is thoug,ht a slight relaxation willnot be long delayed, the first stp anticipated being that the Bank of :England wrill equalize their rate by putting it at 6 peer cent, for three months' bills. The chief interest of the further ad-ices received to-dav from New York consists in the extraordinary excitement produced on the stock-market by the announcement of General Walker, at Nicaragua, 1aving decreed the abolition of the privileges of the Wicaragua Transit Company and seized some of their steamers on the river and lake. On the 20th inst. a description was given in 1te Times of the relations of this companv with the political movements in Central America during the last seven years, and it was then mentioned that the company -were believed to have taken an active part in reandering covert assistance to WalkVer, and that one of his first acts of power was to confirm them in their existing privileges. It now appears that a change has latelytaken place in the management of the company -which has led to dissension, and that Walker has 'taken the side of the dismissed officials. His chief pleas are,| that the |company have failed to pay a certainannual percentage due to the;State; that they :have neglected to carry out the works originally contemplated; and that they have recently entered into a combination with the proprietors of the rival route ita Panama, to damage, for speculative pur1poses, the Nicaragua traffic. The company not only meet these charges with a denial, but assert- that there is actually a balance due to them from Nicara-ua for the conveyance of " emigrants" thither from 1{ewYork and California-these emigrants, it isto be assumed, being the band which Walker originally gathered round him. The whole affair seems one of those ruptures inevitable sooner or later among persons who associate together for questionable ends, and will most Ekely be compromised for the -moment by the discovery on each side that they are ]ikely to accomplish nothing by inviting the world to discuss their movements. Meanwhile, however, the effect on Nicaragua stock has been such as to absorb the entire attention of the New York speculators. A £ew davs previously to the news the price was about 23, wlhence there was an immediate drop to 12, at vhich large amounts were offered. From this the -only reaction had been to 13 or 14, and, as the depreciation thus sustained was equal on the whole amount of stock to something between a quarter and half a million sterling, the holders were clamorous for Government aid to sustain their rights. Urgent representationswereaccordinglybeing-made at Washington for this purpose, the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty of 1850, between the United States and Great 3ritain, containing, among its principal clauses, an -engagement to maintain the neutrality of the route -and to protect the company in the proper prosecution -of their enterprise. Great Britain, indeed, is as much bound to interfere as the Government of the United States, and a leading New York paper expresses a hope that one result of the existing state -of circumstances may be to induce a resumption of -that mutual co-operation betweenthe two countries, in the welfare of Nicaragua, which, but for the course adopted by those wvho were originally appealed to on this side, might probably never have been .interrupted. The arrivals of specie this week have amounted -to 500,0001. The exports are estimated at about 400,0001. The report of the Postmaster-General for 1855, just issued, states, with regard to the inland service, that 525 post-offices have been added, making the total present number 10,498. The experiment of pillar letter-boxes has fully succeeded, and the number, especially in London, is to be largely increased. Mleasures are in progress for accelerating the first delivery in the metropolis, so that it may be effected by 9 a.m., and !also for securing a more speedy transmission of letters between one part of london and another. For this latter object 10 centires of distribution are to bo established, and hourly deliveries will then take place. Both plans involve such important alterations asto requiregreat eare, but the difficulties will be lessened by the public ,ddin- to the direction of their letters the initials -of theodistrict for which they are intended, in accord-ance wit, instructions which wiU be given. A substitution of new names for streets, when there are two or more of the same in adistrict, will, if it be adopted in accordance with a previous recommendation, likewise prove advantageous. During the past year a vast number of accelerations have been -effected on the most important lines. The total number of letters was 456,000,000, showing a projpotion of about 19 letters for every individual in i3ngland, 7 in Ireland, and 15 in Scotland. The number of newspapers posted has undergone a dimi- munton oI about one-fourth since the ablition of the zstamp, and the loss of revenue from that source has 'been aboLut one-half. The transmission of book;iackets has experienced during 1855 the enormous 3ncrease of 273 per cent., and the number is now 1,400,000 per annum. The Tailway meetings during the week have not been numerous, but they have presented some features of interest. The dividend of the Newcastle and Carlisle Company, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annumi, has been confirmed, and the report hasbeen adopted. The shareholders of the Stirlin(r and Dunfermline meeting have received the accounts prepared by the directors. It is stated that the YEdinburgh and Glasgow Company still resist asettlesinent of their claim for rent, and further legal proceedings wil be necessay. An arrangement has been made to lease the South NWales mineral line to the Glyncorwg Coal Company, oll terms to yield a dividend at the rate of 5W per cent. per annum. At the Glasgow, Dumbarton, and Helenaburg meeting -the report was adopted. It was also agreed to sanction the proceedings of the directors for the enforcement -of calls, their payment being absolutely necessary -to facilitate arrangements with the Edinburgh and 4GIasgow Railway. The resolutions of the directors of the North British Company have been carried by a majority, and they will therefore proceed with their Parliamentary measures. A considerable number of the class A shareholders of the St. Andrew's and Quebec Railway have accepted a prooition for the transfer of their rights and privileges to a company now in course of formation to pro- mote tbe construction of the line to Woodsto;. The dividend of the Caledonian Company has b5E confirmed at the rate of 2 perIcent. for the past half-year, and the discussion principally related to future management. Resolutions in favour of a comnnittee of investigation and a discontinuance of Sunday traffic were brought under consideration, but were rejected. At the Horncastle and Kirkstead Junction meeting the report was received as. s1atisfactory, and the traffic, it appears, is being gradually developed. The dividend of the Midland Great Western is at the rate of 5 per cent. free from income-tax, a. surplus of 4,1001. being carried forward to the credit of the next account. The works on the Cavan branch are nearly completed, and the line will be shortly opened for traffic. The directors of the St. Andrew's Junction Company have declared a dividend at the rate of * per cent. per annum, and the general condition of the line is reported to be favourable. The annexed inforniation with regard to the progress of English miningadventure is condensed from the Mining Journa *- In the mining market this week the operationg have not been extensive, but prices continue to be fairly supported. At South Caradon meeting the accounts showed, a balance in favour of adventurers of 2,604.; a dividend of S. per share was declared. At Hingston Dovn Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,3511.; a dividend of 4s. per share was declared. At Holmbush meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1,5591. At Rolyford meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 5821. At Carnyorth meeting the accounts showed a profit of 3931., and a dividend of 3s. per share was declared, leaving a balance in hand of 229. At SpearneConsols meeting the accounts showed a balance to next account of 175, to meet w;hich a call of 3s. per sshare was made. At TrumpetConsolsmeeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2821. At West Polberro meeting the accounts showved a balance in favour of the mine of 21. At Iorth Tovy meeting theaccounts showed abalance of 881.in favour of the mine. At Wheal Grenville meeting the accounts showed a balance of assets overilabilities of 61. A call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Esgair Mwyn meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1381. At Boriagdon Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 491.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Wheal Guskus meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 2,2971. At Oola mining meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 4101.; acall of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Boiling Well meetingt the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 8121.; a call of 11. per share was made. At VWheal Kitty (St. Agnes) meeting the accounts showed a balance in favourof adventurers of 2891. At Rorrington meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 169l.; a call of Is. per share was made. At Clijah and Wentworth meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventarers of .6421.; a call of 15s. per share was made. At Wheal Zion meeting the audit showed a balance against the mine of 3051. at East Goldscope meeting the accounts showed a balance in favor ofthe mineof 60l.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Combmartin Consols meeting the accounts showed debts and liabilities against the adventurers amounting to 2271.; acallof Is. 3d. per share was made. At Wheal Union (Wendron) meeting the accounts showed an unfavourble balance of 1,1741.; all operations are suspended, and the engiae and materialsvwill be offered for sale. At West Collacombe meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3941. At Caegwian meeting the accounts showed abalance infavoar ofthe mine ofl}4i.; a smaillcalI was made. With regard to foreign mining there is nothing worthy of extract. The Emigration Coniuissioners have advertised for a vessel to carry emigrants to Adelaide, to be ready for passengers between the 12th and 19th of May.
THE NEw Br Gcni G Woixs Bru.-AS we have already intimated, the provisions of the bill now before Parliament are more extensive in their application, and threaten to be far more injurious in their consequences, than those of the formermeasure. The operation of thatbill was confined to bleach work&; but the restrictions of the bill now before Parliament would, as it stands at Dresent, extend not only to establishments for the special purposes of bleaching, sizing, calendering, finishing, or making up, but to every warehouse in the foreign or home trade, where finishing, making up, or packing carried en-that is to say, to every warehouso of any magnitude, not only in Manchester, but in every manufacturing town in the united kingdom. Though the biU, by its title and preamble, seems conaned to bleaching and other similar works, its clauses give it a far more extended signification. By the second, the interpretation, clause it is provided that the term "bleach works" shaU be taken to mean (among many other things) any " making-up and packing room, and warehouse, or any other premises or place whatsoever, -whether opened, enclosed, or covered, used for the purpose of carrying on the process, occupation, trade, or business of a bleacher, dyer, or fiasher, maker-up and packer, or any employment connected with such trades or businesses beforementioned, or any of them." Our readers will perceive that the proposed restrictions, whatever may be thought of their prndence orpracticability,have,atallevents,themeritof strict Impartiality. They are not confined, as previous restrictions have been, to the cotton, woollen, linen, and silk manufactories, but extend to all places where the processes of making up and packing are carried on. As the clause stands, they would interfere just as much with the makingup and pacldng of pins and needles, of Sheffield hardware, of Birgha buttons and jewelry, and of Staffordshire earthenware, as of the incessantly persecuted manufactures of cotton. We congratulate the persons engaged in the above trades on the agreeable prospect now before them of being regularly overhauled by Mr. Horner and his assistants, and of being compelled to observe all the complicated forms and keep all the accounts which are found so pleasant in spinning and weaving mills. What wwould be the probable effect of the proposed measure, if it should pass into a law, upon the business of the large shipping warehouses in this torwn and elsewheare we shall probably consider hereafter.-Menchestcr Gwjrdlks AN OBTiUSE CHsrtcHswAiD ,-Tho Biahop of Oxford has sent round to the churchwardens in his diocess a circular of inquixies, among which was:-"Does your oficiating clergynman preach the Gospel, and ae his conversation and carriage consistent therewith?'-A churchwarden near Wallingford replied, "He preaches the Gospel, but only keeps a gig."
BWLWA Y AND MI,,ZIAG SH4I2ES. iS3ted&y Evening. I The railwtay-markzet opened wifirmnes, and 'there was subsequently; a general advanc6e in prices. F Belgian and Indian descriptions were well supeorted. Thlnne shares of the new banks were favouzably influenced by purchases. Ottoman Bank left ofIr 1 to i pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1.ttot pm.; Western ot London, 3i to 2p discount; London and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; tAlliance, 1X to Sdiscount ; and National Discount Company, i to 4 diicount; mining and other shares exhibited little alteration; London and County Blank shares were dealt in at 31 and 29.
AILWA Y INTELLIGENCE. I SCOTTISH EMDLAND TUNflhNv the report of the directors of this company states that the |expenditure on capital account during the half-year amounts to 8,3491., of which 3,065a. has been paid for rolling stock, a further amount of which is still required. The average rate of interest on debentures is nearly 41. per cent., being a little above the rate paid last year. The revenue account is made up in terms of the agreement between the Midland and Aberdeen Railway Company; and 3-lOths of the gross revenue falls to the share of the Scottish Midland Company, amountingto25,7201., and for thecorrespondin. period of the ,receding year to 23,8867.- showing an increase of 1,8341. 1romn the receipts (25,7201.) for the half-year ending the 31st of January last 15,1891. is deducted for expenses, and 10,2851. for the proposed dividend of 3A per cent., leaving 2461., which, added to 4,8661., the balance from the pse ceding half-year, leaves a surplus for the next halfyear of 5,1121. The directors recommend a dividend at the rate of 31 per cent., which, although it is no increase on thaf paid for the previous six months, is a-half per cent. above the dividend for the corresponding period of last year. The working expenses have been considerably increased, consequent upon the transition state of the joirt companies in carrying out the necessary arrangements for working their lines with their ovn plant. The united engine power of the two companies was insufficient for the traffic, and until new engines could 'e procured, which had now been done, the companies had to hire locomotives to some extent from other companies. The contractor's accounts for the branches are nearly settled, but there are still some land claims to discharge. The working agreement with thue Dunkeld Company has been approved by the Board of Trade, and that line is to be opened on the 31st inst. In consequence of the Dundee and Arbroath shareholders repudiating the agreement entered into for leasing their line, that bill has been withdrawn but the bill for carrying out the agreement between the Aberdeen and Midland is expected to be in committee in a few weeks. The directors recommend a soibscription o' 7,0001. towards a proposed railway to Methven, andwhichis intendedto join the Scottish Midland line about two miles from Perth. The length of the proposed line is six miles, and the directors recommend that an arrangement be entered into for workingl the line, should an act be obtained authorizing its construction. The capital account shows that 745.8511. had been received to the 31st of January last, and 737,8701. expended, including 52,84M. expended on branch lines, leaving a balance of 7,92E. The revenue account for the half-year ending the 31st of January showved that 25,720L had been received and 13,6S91. expended on working the line, 1,099. interest on debentares, and 4001. interest on account of the Perth station, leaving 10,5311. for dividend. BLIDPORT. The second half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Bridport on Thursday, Mr. Joseph Gundry, the chairman, presiding. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in nhe Tinxs, was taken as read. The CnArnmAN, on moving the adoption of the report, said the pleasure he felt in meeting the shareholders on this occasion was much enhanced by the satisfactory progres of the undertalkng. Some circumstances had turned out more favourably than they expected, and some less, but no insuperable obstacles had arisen. Slight difficulties had arisen in the purchase of land, some landowners not meeting the directors so liberaMly as could hav¢obeen wished ; but others had mianifested a fair andfniendlydisposition towards the company. MIr. REAADER asked on whom would devolve the expense of the difficulties that had occurred at Witherstone. The C nuuA,s replied that the expense would fall on the contractor. He might mention that nothing could be more admirable than the punctuality with which the calls had been paid up. Upon the whole amount of calls made only 3S01. remained unpaid. Still, although the funds were in a healthy condition, the large outlay required between this and the next meeting would render it desirable that the company should exercise its borrowing powers, in order to prevent their pressingtoo hard on the shareholders. He was happy to be able to state that the company had made all its payments with the greatest punctuality, the rails, &c.,being all paid for as they arrived on the ground. Mr. NionoLmS seconded the motion for the adoption of the report, which was carried unanimously. The CHnArms?i then moved that the directors be authorized to borrow, on bond or mortgage, any sum or sums. not exceeding 21,6001. at such times and in such a manner as they might think fit. Mr. H. TZ3IPAR seconded the. motion. The explanatious had been lucid and satisfactory; they convinced him that their best course would be to grant the powers asked 'by the directors. The resolution was carried unanimously. *Mr. Williams, the retiring auditor, was re-elected. Mr. W. Smith, Mr. G. Edmunds, MIr. J. H. Needell, Er. J. Pope, Mr. W. Swatridge, and Mr. S. W. Whetham were proposed as directors, and seconded. A show of andshaving been taken for each, the chairman declared the result to be in favour of Messrs. TNeedell, Swatridge, Smith, and Edmunds. A oll was demanded on behalf of M1r. Pope and Mr. S. W. Whetham. The poll commenced hmmediately after the other business of the meeting, and closed on Friday afternoon vwith the following result :-Mr. leedell, 1,140 votes; Mr. Swatridge, I 1,029; MEr. Smith, 858; Mr. Edmnunds, o824; MIr. Pope, 10; antd Mr. Whetham, 380. The first four, therefore, EASTERN UITION. The works on this company's branch line to Woodbridge have been commenced, the first sod having been turned a few days since, at Woodbridge. This branch is to form a junction with the East Suffolk line, at Woodbridge, so as to shorten the communication by railway bet*een Yarmouth, Iowestoft, and the metropolis. The works on the lino to Woodbridge are expected to be completed by July, 1857, at which time it is also expected that the line from Halesworth to Woodbridge will be opened for public traffic. TRAFFIC RETURNS. les Pas- Mer- Total, Total, Itiwaya. open. senger chandlee. 1856. 1855. Weec endalaManh 7 .. £. £. GreLt Westem ofCsnsa..~ 283 3,9D1.. 4,651..8,~5S 2 7.485 Week endint March 26. Mons and Manage .. .. 21 ,. 119.. 781. 9GO,. SZ Week ending March 1T. Northern of Pranc.. . - . .10.325.. 22,209.. 22,59i .. 31,520 (Advertisement.]-Notice to Lbrarians.-" Th Old VMaace anw nvel in3,oz..by rs.Hubb%ek (niece of Kims Analen), athore norfel,Tnh3e Wdife'sy. SsterLife and its. esmonzE' '-lay and December," l, is now ready; and, as the fist cedtion is nearly out of print, it in requisite that intended orders for the work should he Seanamitted. immediately, otherwise a delay a'id disappointment in their execution will p.-obably occur. Char:es J. Skeet, 10. King WYillamtrecl, Charan-ecros
THE COBK MADE. LIVERPom. MAiRa1n , The returns of sales of British -wheat saper "!Gazette," for the Week ending the 224 inst., are 77,410 quarters, at 67a; 54. per Quarter-. F orrespooding week.I, 155 98653 quarters at COs. 6d. per quarter; ditto, W4,46,739 quarters, at VOs. 44.per quirter. Welhave fair importsith lasg thre days-namnely, from the 'United States 9,635 quarters of ,wheat; 14/791 barrels of flour, and 24,551 quarters of Indian earn. Prom other sources we have received about 5,300 quarters of wrheat, 4,800 barrels of flour (1,400 barrels of which are froma Havre, and 3,500 barrls from Muo JT3nerc3, 2,780 quarters of Indlian corn, 1,3D0 quarters of beans, and 3587 enrtear1Pf oats. The weather this week has been blealb and frogty-at $lgbtj, 4'ping vegetation. There was a good attendance at yeaterday!s matoslc .&A fair businesawas transacted in wheat and floUr for consumption at qlteP as good prices asprevailed eDn Tuesday last. All select qualities cos,Zmauded extreme rates. WShere was aslig-htrebound Ifronmthe point of tiePression aweek ago, for each Other article of thLetrade; indeed, asregsn2Indianrcorn aand Eg'YPtian beans, a recovery of fully Ia. Per Quarter has been made. Peicesto-daywae fully sustained, but thietransactions axefew, NOflTIfGHhsf, Masre 29., The weather has again been fine, and highly favourable to the -Operations of planting and aowing& Vontinuedeaster!ywindsandfrosty mights, however, cheek the growth of vegetation. We had a mnoderate supply of.wheat at ourmarket to-kiny, with a 0od nmany buyers ; for choice samples they had to give rather more ranney, and the same Price as lastweek-foroather sorts.~ Barley main, * dined its value; there was'abettei sho*than lastweekr. frosts and beans there was no alteration. ThLe Preet price of grain and flour inNottinghans are as follows:Wheat, white, old, fts. to SOs. per 3$ atone ; new, 7Oe. to S33. ; red, old, '769. to 78a. ; new, 6Ts. to 75s. ; barley, foe malting, 483. to tea. per .quaterfor grinding, 36g. to 37a. per 30 stone;osat, 283. to 33s. per 2l ~StOne ; beans, old, 5Os. to SOs. per 38 stone; now, t0e, to 4Is. ; flour, *ipor, 53s. to ODs. per 20 stone; dufe, 4tOe, to 52s. ElROrSTElt MArteH 29. We hear com1plaints from the farmers that the Protracted cold weather isat~arvin- the yotng *heat. which is look-ing thin and umbrathy. The lambing season has Progressed tolerably. In the price of fat stock there hasbeen an improvement. At ournmarket, with agood supply of beasts,beef relizedf6jd.to 7id.per Th. There was anaverage show of shbeep, which realizeda 64 to 714d. per lb. At our corn-mnarket this morning the attendance of farmers was niumerous and the supply of wheat an average one. Wheat realized a fair deman21d, at an advance of Is. Per quarter upon the quLotations of last week. Oats were scarce, at last week's price. Barley was in tolerable inquirY, at an advance upon last week's currencies of Is. Per qluarter. lesnainulimited demand,at the pricesof last week. White wheat, 73g. to 75s. ; red, VOs,to 72s. ;bsrley, 36a.to 45s. oats, 26G.to 37s, ; beans, 423. to MSs Per quarter, flue flour, MO. ; seonds, 5Os.; thirds. 52a. per sack. At Melton Mowbray there wa san excellent show pf wheat, and muillers would not purchase except at a reduction of 3a. per quarter upon last weekes prices, which farmers submitted to. Barley maintained lastweek'spricea. In oats and beans the prices were unaltered, Whitewheat, 7llstD72s.; red, Ga. toVOg.;bakrley, 37s,totOs.; oats, 28a to SOs. ; beaus, t0e, to 5Og. per quarter. At MLarket Harborougia the quotations were :-White wheat, V0s. to 73a.; red, Gsa. toTOs,; barley, 26s. to SSe,; oats, 23s, to 283.; beans, 433. toSOs. per quarter. At Ioughborough the show of wheat was smnall, and farmers succeeded in obtaining an advance of Is. per quarter upon last weekes PriCce BarleY Wasis. per quarter dearer. Oats andbesns were scarce, and in eachi of these articles there was an advance of ls. per quarter. At EHiuckey the average Prices were:-'Wbeat, U4s.; Oats, 29s. per quarter, wit-ha small supply at market. LINOLN, MAnors 29. We have had another week of intens;ely cojd weather, and the blighttug winds from the north and north-east are acting very unfavourably uPon the young wheat, which isbloolcing, ink many districts, sicklya thin. The continued cold and lack of moisture causes thepastuage tobookvTerYbare. Agricultural servants' wagesare high. Therehas this wee~kbeen aslight advance in the price of fatstock.- At Sbeaford fair the immense number of10,000 sheep were penned-Sos. toO7s. per head were realized, Beasts, which were in good supp)ly,sold readiy at good prices. At Newark beef realized Vs. 6d. to Ss. per stone; muttoo. a4 to 7d. per lb. At Our corn-market Yesterday the show of wheat was an average one, with a good attendance of farmers and merchants. The wheat trade ruled rather inactve, and bestsamples of wbite wheatrealized 76& ta 763;. per quarter. Barley in good inquiry, without much alteration inL Price.- Oats mai ntained late prices, and in beans there was no alters tion. White wheat. 74s. to.78s. ; red, 72.s. to V4s. ; barley, SOs, to 1425,; Oats, 27g. to 32a. ; beans, 4Oe, to.'We. per Quarter. DERBY, MknRcis 29. Since ourlanst-report the weather has been unseasonably cold. The Young wheat in manY districts is looking unhealthy end starved, There bas been no alterationuinthieprices of fat stock during tbeweek. At RiPley fair the show of catle was small, and -very speedily changed hands at good Prices. Pigswere also niumitea suPply,bhut soon found buyers. At our own market there was a good show of stock, and formner prices were maintained, beef realizing6, Ito 634.perlb. The supply of sheep iwa small, and the best sortsa were quickly disposed of, at 7d. to 73d. per lb. At Oar corn-mark'et yesterday the supply of wheat was tolerable. The attendance of farmers was rather numerous, and thxey succeedled in obtaining the Prices of last week- for wheat. At these prices, however, not much business was done. Brliey was well inquired for. and extremne cuter of the last week were obtained, There was a good demand for seed wheat. Oats realized last week's prices. In beans there was no alteration, White wheat, 733. to 7Ss. ; red, Via. to 74., per quarter. Malting barley 42s. to 45s. per imperia measure ; grinding barley, 363. to 37s. per 30 stone. Old oats, 32s. to 333. ; n3ew, 2rs. to 2S& per 24 stone. Old beans, 5OD. to 52s. ; new, 423. to M4s. per 35 stone, flour, 52s. to 53& ; ditto, super, 55s.to 56s. per sac At Worksoip the supply of wheat was an average one, hut the trade ruled dull at the prices of last week. Barley a fair show, and umalteredin value. Oatsand beansmaeintainediate rates, DONCASTER, HLAlter 29. The change in the weather which occurred at the latter end of last week was of brief duration. the wind on Sunday retunMing to its old quarter in the east. Atfour mark-et this morningwe bad only amoderate sutpply of wheat, the lambing and sowing seasns keeping the farmers pretty actively engagedlatbome,and the markodtendencytoDwards adecline in value at several of the leading mark-ets during the week- indisposing them to thrash out their stack-s more freely at present. Notwithstanding the mnoral certainty of peace which now prevails, both buy-ers and s-ellers continue to bold the sam e undecided attitude they bave so long maintained towards each other. The farmners are convinced they have the trade in their own bands, and are holding off at this moment to coDunteract the depressing influenc6iatileipated from the proclamation of peace. bUlers and factors, on the contrary, are confidently looking for a fall. and it is no secret that they are quite bare of stocks, having been dealing on short supplies ever since the Conferences at Plarts cornmenced. Disappointment was again e-xperienced this morning at the alsmice of any official intelligence from France, and holders of wrheat took advantAge of this circumstance, as well as of the small cuPPly%u offer, t,odemand higherxrates.. Althoug tere a no lackof buyers, tfhey declined to gomuchlbeyond the rates of last week, upon which faermers contented themselves with an improrement of 6d. per load (Is. 44. per quarter), and, in a few instances, Is. per load (2s. 84per quarter ; and afair trade was done on those terms, though the demand slack-ened towards the close of the market. There were only a few samples of best white wheat on the stands but the condition of the inferior sorts was doeidedly better than it was a, few weeks ago. The highest Price obtained wasKsle 64. perload (84. per quarter). The barley stands showed a falling off inpoint of quantity, but the quality of bothithemaltingandseedsampleswas quite up to theaverage. Thetrade v-as rather slow upon thewhole, sellers asking455. for thebest qualities, and evincingno disposition to give way on theinferior sorts. We-cannot quote any alteration in prices. The demand for oats was somewhat brisk. and anythiing suitable for seed commanded good prices Beans also were more active than last week, and fully rnaintainedtheir previous rates. The demand for seeds for grass continues pretty active' and prices are firm. The shortness of feed for stock, arising from the scarcty of turnips and the backwardness of pastures, has given a fartIher impetus to the demand for linse-ed eske, the best qualities of wrhich were to-day quoted at £C12 10a. per ton. The following are onQuotations to-dayv -New wheat, 25a. to 27a. per load of three ImPeria bushels; fine, 263. to 31s. 64.; old wheat,- 263, to 283.: flue, 30s. to 31s. 64 .; blendoron, 22s. to 233. ; fine, 265, ; rye, 17s, to 19s.; new beans, l6s. toi1ls.; fle, Is. ; old beasot 19s. to Mis.; fine, 21s.; peas, 17s. to 20s.; new oats, flOs. to 27s. Per quarter;, fine, 29s. to 325, ; old oats, 263. to 29s3.; fine, 3Os. to 3sr. ; grinding barley, S9s. to 4ie. ; maitiag barley, t2s. to azL; fine. 41s. to M4s. 64. Official averages ince this day week :-Wheat,i,002quartets 2 bushels, at VOs. 3d. per quarter, £6,10 4a. 34.; barley. 554 quarters, at 4De. iFI per quarter, £1,111. Os. 64.; oats, 305 quarters, at 275,14d. per quarter, £413 23. 64.; beans 47s. 3d. per quarter; peas. 42s.84M The corn-markets in this district again show some fluctuations during the week. On Monday, at Selby market, wheat was stationary; oats, Is. Gd. less, with a large show; barley unaltered. At PickieringL on the same day, but little was done in any kidnd of grain. offers on bath sides being very wide of each other. At HulL, on Tuesday, wheat declined 2s. to 3s., the markiet being firm atthe close ; other kinds nualtered. At Leeds wheat declined Is.; in other sorts no change. At NYewasatle wheat was difficuflt to sell it previous rates; harley and oats rather dearer. At Sheffield wheat fell s. to .Is.6.per load (2s. 4d.1to4s. perquartor); other articles as before. At Stock-ton-onTees, on Wednesday, wheat-was 2s. lowervwith a largesapply ; with the exception of a slight improvement in beans, there was no change in other sorts. Atlfuaresborough there was a simila fall in wheat; barley a4vanced Is. to 2s. At Northallertont only a small trade was done, without much change in prices. Akt Bamsiey -wheat was Os. to 3s. per Quarter lower; barleyfully.sa dear; beans,. 64. per load less. At Hovinglsm-irwhestrecedecl 4s. per Quarter; barter-and oatta in goodi demand. At Guisborougha whes,twent down Se. to 4s. per quarter, all being, pretty 'well cleared off; in other sorts. noG cbange. At Market Weighton wheat was Is, to 2s. lower ; barley unaltered ; oats at MIt rates. At Scarborough, on Thursday, very little was done in wheat and other grain, farmers being unwilliag to take lower prices, At Ripen, on the same day. hiolders of wheat were firm at the rates of last week; ittle doing inother articles. AtWetherby amoderate trade was done, wethout mauch variation in prices, At Otley wheat sold at 62s. to 845, per quarter. At Wakerield, on Friday, witha good axririals of wheat, there was a steady sale atlastweek'srates; inferior sorts rather cheaper; barley more plentiful and sightly reduced; beans Is. lower. The cattletrade has not undergono much alteration this weekl At Rotherham. on Monday, beef sold at 7. to 7s,9d. perstone . mutton' 61d. to 7d. per lb.; in wool, 7d. to Sd. At Pickering beef and mutton were quoted at6d. to 71-per lb. At Newcastle beef was5s. to 7a. 3d per stone; matton, 6d. to 74d. per lb.; por, 6s. to 75, per stone. At Doncaster, on Tuesday. beef was Os. 9d. to 7s. 64. perstone; mutton, clipped, 6. to ld. per lb.;in wool, 7d. to Sd. perlb. At Wakefield. on Wednesday, beef was 7s. to 7s. 9d. Per stone; mutton, clipped, 64. per lb. ; in wool, 7d.; a few prime wedders made 74d. At Scarborough, on Thursday, beef was 7d. to 8d per lb.; mutton, 74. to Sd.; Teal, 7d. to 9d.; baon and pork, 7s. to 7s. 6. per stone. At Wetherby beef was 6s. 9a to 7s. 34 per stone ; mutton,6U-d to 71d. per lb. GLOCESTEB, M oRs 29. There is a more decided decline in the marlkot here to-day than last wcek. but the attendance of farmers] was not large, and business Was limlited, Englis white wheat, 69s. tD 7OS. per quarter, -and red, 67a. to B9s. Foreign:-Choioe Danube, 74s to 77r.; Iorsila, 66a. to Vis.; Spanish, 67s. to 71s.; and Ancons, 71s. to 733. per 43l0b. English matting barley, 35L to 37s. per quarter, and grinding, 33a. to 3s5 ;,English beans, 42& to- t4 per qxsarter for new, and 46s. to 4SL for old; Egyptian, 38s. to 40s; Irish oats, 24-k to 25. per 3121:b. blaek, 23s. 0d. to 24s. : and tarney, 24s 04. to 25s. Peas, 52. to 50s. per quarter; and linseod cal;e, 13 to £13 lO. for English: and £12 to £12 10s. per ton for foreign. MSost of the markets of the county have been depressed, At Cireanocater, on Monday, wheat declined about Is. per quarter, but other grain aslast veek. At Cheltenhatn, on Thursday, the decline vas 2s., and at Stow-on-the-Wold wheat averaged £3 12s.; 64., and barley i 13s per imperial qurtor. -At Tewkesbery market, on Wednesday, old wleat fetehed Bt. 6L - to 9s. 4d., and new, 8s. to 9s. per bushel; aalting barley, 4s. 9d. to I., and grinding, 4s. to Is. 3d, per bushel; English oats6, 1 6&. to 3s. Oa., and Irish s. to3S. 3d:; nEglish boens, 5s. 4. to 5s.10d. for new, and Ss. a to 5s. 44. for old; foreitn, .4s. 64, tDos. 94. ; poas unaltered. Thero was a fair attendance at Hereford nmarket on Wednesday. but the whoat trade was Yery dull, and to efoct sales a rxletlotito Qt to s. per quarter had to be aubdllked to. Eaglish white Wh.at, 83. 64 J togSs _d. per 62 lb., and red, Bs. t Ss. S ; barley and oats a dun le a lIat week's rates, 4s to 45, 6d. for the former, and 3i 6d. to 4L d for thelatter; beasand peiunalterdd; old beans, 6s.;to Gs. 9.,and new Es 6&Lto Gs.per bushel; hay, £5 to £5 10i. per ton ] ~~~woF'as3Ts,-] 31CXI 29. ' ;Wehlse had another wceek of cold, dry, easterly vidA lrith some rigbt frosts, ad to-day the m m shinesbrilliantl)y,butthend is co I and briskc. Themarket ws wll attend, and wheat dedined again Is. to 2s. per quarter, Noew Tglisb white wheat, S& 64 to 9s. 25. per 62lb, and Is. to ta. 4d. for old; new rod, 8s. 2L. to S.- &, sad old, &e. l0d. to 9a. per 6°1b. 3Lting barley, 4U. 6 to 5s per 491b, and 1distlling, 4L d.to 4L 8d.; ne EngliLsh beam, E, SL to 6s., and old, 1 6a. to 6&. Peer busheL nlib oss, 4 to4 6d., and Iribh, 3&9d I to 4s. 3d. per 39ib.; white pea, 6 to G9. 2d., and gray, s 6d. to 6e per bushel; vetche, a,7s 6d. to Se 6d, per busheL last Worcesr averages-Wheat, £5 5d.; `brley, Il6e 6d.;beans, £2 4s,2jd peas, .£2 4a 6. ,and oats, £Li 6 d. s per imperial quarter. The neighbourin markets are lower. At Kldderminster, on Thursday, there was but a abort supply, and prices were a trifle below the ratesoflastweelk Barley in dend at lte prices, and otber grain dull of sale, but not lower. At Wolverhampton little business was dope, and prices ranged much as last quoted. Erebharc market was lower on Monday. There ws ery little doing at Acester on Tuesday, the attendance being limited. The average price given for wheat wan 2S3. 6d. per bha of thrae buAbels; barley, firm, at from 343. to 5s. per quarte; and new beans, 193, to 17i, per bag- NORWICH, MX&cn 29. Keen ezsteriy vinds have preTailed during the eekj but there has been an absence ofrain. The decline in wheat whichcommenced at this Exchange ths day s'nnigbt was shared in, to some extent, by 31ark-lane; and at King' Lynn, on Tuesday, a large supply was brought forward, which solt slowly at a fal of 43 to 6C per quarter. At Great Tarmouth, on Wednesday, there was also a reduction of is. to 2s. pm quarter:; ad at Bury St. Edmund's, on the same day, prices were3s, to 4& per quarter lower. At Bungay, on ThurKday, the supply being in better conditionx relized nearly lat week's rAtes, The barley season is drawing to a close, and the quantity brought forward is consequentlymuch smaUer. At Kinegs 13nn prices were fully as dear a last week, and at Bury St. Edmrud' an advance of Is. Per quarter was noted At Great Yrmouth there was a short supply, and late rates were fuly maintained. At i3ungay prices werr Is per quarter lower. Oats, beans, and peas have generally met a slow sale, and hare been the tarn cheaper. At to-day's marRet here the wheat trade recovered somewhat from the depression of the last few days, and lat week's prices were generally maintained. and, in aome instances, exceeded by is. per quarter. Barley was aIso flly as dear. Little passing in oats, peas. and beans. The prices of inferior descriptions are extremely irreglar, but the following are the generalprices of-wheat and barley :,-heat, white, (weigbiug 621b. to 531b. per imperial bushel), 7TO to 76k; ditto, red (weighing 601b. to 631b.), Mas. to 70Dm; barley, malting (weighing 521b. to 53ib.). 3SL to 42s. ditto, distilling (weighing 50lb. to 51ilb.), 3m. to 33si per quarter. latest Averages:-Wheat, 3.r,31 quarters, 71s. 5dL (against 3,3311 quarters, 683 5a., corresponding period last year); barley, 2,081l quarters, 39ss, d. (against 2,863 qnarters, 25,_ lid. corresponding period lst year); beans, 69 quter, 46e. 25. COCIO3TER, AYcnr 29. There hasbcen afurther deCine in the price of -wheat here to-day, the miliers refusing to talke even the finest samles unless at a reduc tion of 2s. per quarer, and for other qualities an abatement of 3S. wag submitted to where sales were effected. Good barley was in request, Is. dearer beans rather improved white wheat, 75s. to h-.; red, 603. to 70k. malting barley, 36s. to 44s, Yesterday, at Chelmsford, the trade waS very heavy, epciaDy at the opening of the market, and a reduction toolk place invvheat o Ils to 2. for the best, and 2s. to 3s. for other qualities; some business was done at these rates. The quotation for malting barley was advanced Is.; white wheat, 59s. to 7s.; red. 5s. to 70s. barley, 30s to 37s; chevalier, 33s. to 4s.; grinding, 2Si to 35s.; white peas, 40i. to 47s, mazagan beans, 3s. to 36s. READ;G, MiMc 29. The supply of wheat in our Exchange to-day was again ratherlarge, butthleinferiorqualitiespredominated. Thearticlesin "The Times' the past few days having prepared the public mindforthe adjustment of the Easten question, and that an official annonmcement would be made to-day or to-morrow of the signing of the treaty of peace it was supposed by most factors that the market -would undergo one of those violent changes usual upon an event of so muoh importance to the general interests and business of the country. Most of the holders of com baving hitherto realizedbeavy sums for their produce appeared to be inclined to abide the course of events, and hence it vras that businessopenedbytheirseelingto obtainthe faUterms current aweek ago. Although the millers' stocL-s are much reduced, and. they would buy largely if the figurcs demanded were lower and more proportionate to those prevailing in their four-market; yet, as they anticipate a fmuther reduction inflour on the declaration of peace eing made, they were extremely careful intheir transactionsto-day, and thetrade must be reported as having been very slow. The deuand was chiefly for dry and good parcels, and these were disposed of at the fxll terms of our last market. Inferior qualities were rather neglected, and salea could orlybe effected at a reduction of l. to 2s. per quarter. Mora towards the close of the day pricer gave 'way even further than that. White wheat sold at 68s to 9Os., aasfsome beautifuly flue pacels were on offer at s. to ls per quarter. Wheprice forred-wheat ruledfromt 693. to 76s. per quarter. The show of barley was moderte, but the best or malting qualities were scarce. For the latter the inquiry wa active,'and this enabled dealers in some instances to obtainan advance of ls. per qusrter. Tho distilling sorts wrere butlittle sought for, but grindinglots went off pretty freely at the full figures of this day scnnight. Malting barley sold at 3S&tob42s., distilling at 36to- 3sit, and grinding at 39s. to34s. and 35 per quarter. Therem w a dulness in the market for oat, ofwhich the supply was again good, and the turn was in favourofthebuyer. Tartary oats sal stris. to and Poland at 26a to 31W. por quarter. Beans cotinue to come to hand in large quantittes. and the chief portion of the parcels was extremely fine and good, Salesere but slowly effected, and although our quotations will be rather higher both for old and new beans, stiL taidngintd consideraton the fine quality of the article. they are not'reallydenrer. Old English beaus sold at 48s. to 5l1, and some as high-as 53s.; newr ditto, 3Ss. to 4b. ant 48s. Egyptians were slowlydispowed of at 36s.to3 s.for whole, and at 25s. to 2s,. forthe split. We had a fair lot of peas of all sorts on sa3e, but there vas little disposition shov;ntobuy, and our lst qnotationsdid not varytoanyimportant extent. They were, for-white or boilngpeas, 4s, to Ws, and some bright lots as muchas 50,s, maple, 42s. to4th. ;ginding, 33S. to 39u, ; and some other lotsas high as40s. to 4s - Xorgrassseedsthetrade wasdull,Dut priceswerefiram Taressod at Ts. 6d. to & 6d. per busheL The high price of com is a checl to nxch beini done in the flour trade, and therefore it is Tery inanimate. Households seU at 565s. and seconds at S2s. per sack of 20t1b. The ITnand Revenue return for the last week proves a largelyincreasing se of wheat, and that the supply in thispart of the country is not quite so low e s some persons expected. The quantity of wheat sold last Saturday was 1,101 quarters 3 bushels, being S0O'quarters above the previous week; the amount realized was, £3,695 2- 6., or an average of 75s. 10)4L per quarter, being an alvanre on the former market of Is 2L per quarter. Barley also sold to a greater extent, the quantity being S09 quarters 4 bushels, and the money obtained wvas £,170 2&, or an average of 36g. 1,d., showing an'advance of _' 4d. per quarter. Our country markets this last week have unmistakably sbown the growdng belief in the certainty of peace, forprices haveunndergone considerable reduction. On Monday, at Abingdon, the wheat trade was dull at 2s. to 3s. per quarter less, bat barlcy andother corn did not materiallyalter. Wheatsoldat6S, to76s perquarter. OnTuesday, at Wokingham, wheat fel So. to 4s., and barley, oats, beans, and peas. Is. per quarter. On the same day, at Faringdon, aL corn wa&lower in price, but more particularly wheat. At Basingetoke, on Wednesday, the w%heat trade was dull at a declne of Ss..to 4s, and prices obtained ranged from 62a to 76T ; barley maintained ful terms. bu' oats, beans, and peas were aL Is. per quarter c'eaper. AtWantage, on the same day, the trade for wheat ruled dull, and prices declined seyeral shillings per quarer. 31aidenhead market alse, on that day, partook of the depression -which had been shown ina other places, and no sales could be made but at lower prices. At Hungerford wheat was cheaper. On Thursday, at ewbury, a good deal of wlseat wa sold, at about the terms of the previous week, the active demand enabling farmers to obtais thusmuch. Wbeat sold at 60s. to B9s. per quarter. Barley and other com were ratherfirm in price. On Friday, atWycombe, wheatwas's2to S3. lower; ansdbarley, oats, and othercomrslightlyreduoedin.price. AtWalliuntord, onthe same day, there was a decline of Is. to 2Is ievhwea, and the highest quotation was 73 per quarter. Barley, threbe5t sorts, fetched Is. per quarter advance; oats were Is. lower, and beas and pe adighty cheaper. DUBLIN. S.Aro 2t We had a steady market at our Com-laxchange to-Say. The prices of Tuesday were gencrally supported, andin somerases an advance of Cd. to Is. on the best samples of white wheat. Indian com a -en' dt:U sale, and the reduced currencies of Tuesdayirwe soarcely sunwrted.
DECIDEDLY R aGIOflGu .AD n VERY (;OD] HEALTEI."~-We assure our retders that the following extra. ordinay document is a literal transcript of the rejly of the mistress of a boarding school to the application of a young lady for the appointment of a governess:-"Madam,-I this evening received your note, through the medium of Mr. L., and begin, to reply, to-give you some articulars of tl o situation in question. I am in want of a lady from 25 to 30 years of age, of decidedly religious character, to devote herself entirely and excluvely to the schoolroom from a quarter before 7 in t-he morning until after the yoang ladies are m bed of a night, during which time she is no' at liberty -to do anything for herself. She is to rise at G throughout the year, and take the entire chare and responsibility of the young ladies and of everything beloDging and relating to them; and, in additionto the duties ofthe schooloom, has to 'rite notes and letters at the end of each half. year. Whoever filIs this situation must have very good health, the carriage, mnanners, habits as of a gentlewoman, and be fully competent to teach elder pupils in the Eng1isb andFrenchlanguages writing, arithmaetic, hiitory, blogralhy, chronology, compostion, theory of the globesand astronomy and must have a sufricient knowledge of music to give lessous on the piano for the firstfew eas. Iappointand arrangc everything, and assist in the schoolroom .part of the dayv Salary 30S, or g>uineas, accordin3 to circumstances, per annum, andthe coach fare outsideto thesituation paid. Iian also nwant of ayongpersou todo anything and everyth;s which I might require of her The duties of this sitain are multifarious, and include, in some dgree, those of an' under teacher, companion, needlewoman,- ladyb-mad waiting-maid, uppernuse, housekeeper. The position in the family is that of an under teacher, while the duties ar6 uany of them those of an upper servant. The youngperso with whom I engge .must have very good health, be capable of enduring much fatigue, free from any particular deFeot 02 infirmity, anxious to please, competent to assist in f schoolroom. and to give music lessons to theyoingerpapils clever at needlework, careful, thoughtful, attentive, indus trious, active, and humble; a;lso veryt clean, neat in all he: habits and ways. It is oF no use for any one to apply wh, could not be trusted to do thinf thorouiy and properly and to act properly on all occaslonr. The young person wh, £11s thisuituation is to rise at 6 throuhut tho yer, and i is generaRy half-past 10 before she can get to bed. Sl.ar' 10 guineas per sanum, and tho coaob far oittaiqie to tF; situation tobho paid. Should- on consider either of in situahions likely to suit 9ou, I sbaul be happT to Live you a further pa3rticulars; but ihould you iot w1aI to obtai either, there will bo Ito ocoQass to rivto.-I aim, b!s,j iyourc obediently."
TOARD and RESIDENCE.-Any lady or gentle. ,32 man, or maried couple,seeklnga comfortable HOME with good, etec and musicalsociety. caihearof the abyoe >by aplying to bL E. 8. aePhtipps%, 3°. Store-street, Bedford-square. 1OAXD.-A ad and gentlemani, without family, ." ocupying a retize% genteel residence, near a church, about four anais equitdiutantfrom Cheltenbam Gloceaer, and Tewkesbury, would accoenmdaIe a "sd and gentleman or two'ladieswith,BOABo vow_oKe terms. ieorperticulapapp,yto.Ifesar YOimo and GiUirg, aouse agents. Cheltenham: or Mfr. Jiruion. house agent, tlocester. BRIGETOX.-iBOD and RESIDENCE, with B or without a private Sittiz Rorom are OFFER E:D by a lady a-hose faiy maU. She can rtceive a lady or two isterswhowoaR oocupy the same bed room, and hacoDmmodatioufora ermntif requira. Termsmoderate. Referecesgivenandrequired. Addrets .L B.. cae of Mrs. Roe, musical repitory, Wetem-road, Hove, Brighten,. PREN'TS anda GUARDIANS.-A desirable _ opportunty is offered of PLAC'G one or two L I BOYS roenhome. Teru odere. Theh esf ece given. Addrss to E! 514 Mr. Dutt4 ',, pdinter, Chelirusford, Essex. IUSJSLL-b OE-AlHME, replete with every comfort. is OFEREBD tga gentleman or two brotshers willing en give terms adequate to the adv ntages in the family of lady of the highest respectability, Address Galawy. 10, King-, Holborn. pliACiEEA5w.-w gentlitlilen can be acconi- m wtedith BOARDand lODGNG,a highly respectable wamlp, without cbhldren. For partilars appl to Z. care of Mr. Bans 62, Coleman-street. city. IpART%IAIs iBOA1tT-13rom iorcrewoent.-One or two GENTLEMEN can be BECE ED in A genteel prinate fa- roomr, breakfas and ptivate sitting room. terms 12s:.6d. twrer. Dinneron Sundays if required. For cards apply to MSr. beets, 1T. Brompton-row; or Mr. Clark. 132. Jeruyn-treet. A IEOME in a clerwman's fainily in a remarkably healthful spot west o -de ark. affor g, with every domestic comfort, an ineting sphere (l desrable) of Christian unefulness. Apply by letter only, M. L. B., Mr. Sherwood's, 3d, Ludgate-bill, St. A LADY wishes to BOARD in a private family M itTanlOorl2mlesof London, on the west side. Agoodbea com. and the use ofa piano occasiooally, required. Young children objected to. Terms i50 per annum BeAt references given. Addres 1...C potffloe. Chuston-street. Pimlico. D EVONSHIRE.-Comlortable SBOARD and RESI- ,DCE, with good society, in a highly srepectable farm-houn wheee there are now three rooms vaat. Railway coe,vement. Wm funuahed. Good garden and entrance. Farm olsices completely de,tachied. £1 5s. per wreek. References to formner imuster. Address to II. P.. post-offce, Tivrerton. APROFESSIONAIJ GENTLEMAN, occupying a superior and moet comfortable residence. within a few miles of ef. WVindsor, the Ropl Military College at Sandhust, andhalf an ions's ride(by rail) of the camp at Aldershott, istesirous of meeting with agentleman and his wife, or two ladies to RESIDE, with his family. 'The roomiarelarge, lofty, and elegant, and open by windows to s well laid out lAwn aud pleasure grounds, with conservatory and greenhouse. There is accommodation for carriage. servants, and a pair of hores if wished The situation is rost beautiful as well as healthy. Nione butliberal tert a wil be entertained. Address G. P., 7. Orchard. street, Portm an-sisuare. i,ALOP.-To Invalids.--A married physician, without children, RECEIVES respectable PATIENTS into his ouse. Terms moderate, according to requirements. Addres ALMD., care of Hughes and Butler. publishess, 35, Sa. Martin's-Ie-Grand. TlO MIEDICALI MEN.-WANTED for a gentleman -.Ls sbect to epilepsy but not an invalid, and his man servant, a comfortable HOME, in a respectable family, where there is a lady at the head of the houee but no cbildrel. The situation must be in a chcerful town about as hour's ride by rail from London. A lsrge airy double beddae room is essential The gentleman is a Dissenter, butis only ansiousto bein a famiZy where the Sabbath is observed. Direct ,AY_ .lost-oflice. 13rilton-hill, Surrey. NJERVOUS.-The widow of a medical gentlemat, J. receiving a lmited number, basa VACANCYIoran INVALIb lADY. The establishment is conducted on the principle of aprivate family; every comnfort guaranteedL The house is spacious, command- ing, and in a healthr situation, with eXtensive gardens, &c. TheI highet references given rndrequire AddresaML D., Mr. Fieldx, 12, Quren's-buildings, Jlrompton, Middlesex. TNSANITY.-A physician, connected with a private asylum, and rdesiig -in a aubriouspart of the suburbs of London. can RECEIVE a QUIET PATI&NT into his house. Addrees }LD., M[r. blumod's, cbhmist and drugist, 5, Bathur t-tres, Hydeziak. tIM) the INIFiRAMof MlD.-H. BOOKER be to JL inform the relatives of such that he hae a VACNY for 0 , or a invalid. where every case and kindnes will bs shown Any reference required can be given to the relatives of the last that wa ainderhiscare. Directl.and3L Booler, Logian Vila, luath-oa, Hounlowa. ITDROPATHIC ESTABLISHMNT, Br.dge of AllanStirlingahire. Forterms, an, apply to Dr. Balbirpe. X ATER CURE.-Briglston Hyrpa-o sa W iajent.-Pbyaiclan. Dr. HORACE JoIiNSOII. who may al be CONSULTED for HOMCEOPATILY. The petabliabment is on the Esplanade. facing th sea, andthe water is extremelypure.-4 Orectal-terrace, Brighton, between Bedford and Norfolk Hotels. PRTMIENTS, Furnished, suitable for a nobleman A or Member of Parliament.-5, Vigo-street, Regent-street. A PART~NTS, Furnished, for one or two single gentlemen, about three minutes alk from Tottenam Station. .&ddrrss Mrs. Andrews, Patrick'a Cottages, Tottenhainhale APARTMENTS to be LET, Furnished, at 46 A Upper Rerkeley-street, Poeman-square, consistig of two drawIng rooms withfour or ftire dQ rooooms it required. Good coon and attendance. Trms To oderate. References x- ChAnged. APARTMIENT, Unfurnished, in Brompton-cres. cent: two drawing'rooms, and one or two exa bed rooms if req1uired. with attendance of servanta. Rent from £40. Attendance ±I. Apply to Mr. Roberts, 17, Beompton-row; or Mr. Cick, 132, Jermyn-street. A PART TS to be LET, handsomely Furnished, ..C3.z 2asemi-detached villa, half aahouzrbyriSway or omnibus from the city; consisting of two drawing rooms, two good-sied bed rooms and dre room, wth an extra bed room if required. Terms mode. ate. App at 42, St. Augustins-read next Camden square. A PARTMENTS Fr ed..-One or two gentle- men may have a rettily FUR SE SITTINGand ONE or I TOnceEDROM on inoderate terms, in the house of a private family, reiding in ahealthy, open. ond pleasautneighbourhoc-L For caas of address apply to Mr. Coote, baker; or by letter to A. W., care cafz*e. 16. Strahan-place, Balarspond-roa&IsUngon. A ARTMIEh'TS WANTED, by a gentleman en- age n thel cri drig th a sig rot and bed ro o l ettrt ,Dtelta, Thomar Daves and Co.'s adyertiig offices, 1, ichlyftndane. city.amc.,ealthy situation. on very moderate terms. Apply at 6, Richmondroad;' Islington. ~11RNISHx1) A3ARTMENTS.-To be LET, a -IL SITPNG ROOM1 and BE.D ROOM, situate in. the best part of ht. John's-ood. Terms for a genteman out during the day, 10s, pr wade. ddress 6, Wfaverley-piace. opposite theI Literary and Scienttd. T¶iURNISHEn APARTMElTS, with Partial -W Boardif required, for asingle gentleman or two brothers, in,he Wellin n-road, Stoke Newirgton-road. 40 minutes' walk from the city. eemsmoderate. OmnibusespassthedoortotheRank Apply to fr. Hewlett, florist. Downs Cottage, West Hackney. R g JNlJlIS E AP h:.N'Qroe1E 1iBUNISHE]D APARTMENTS, neare Port,m J'o sduare. etobo ET, constngo 3Petwo rooms ontafhwe groun. ad flor,and two otherdit,frigamselgbeoprniyfrainlorro fessional,manhering aWermanenesienea, ti extreml low. For aee Poetman-equare. 1FUR1'SHED APARTME:NTS. Pabra-l of sIS HE APMNl TOST FUNIHE beR6-T beT 5 UNIIE ST 1 ET ILJ t o-END 1eRc , an Faisies visiting tofn treq uinguirs clssaclo daoton wbl uind atl o., Ceci-stree aStrnd,anreleant a ora ISTRDRAWING Rd BED ROOMS eambracing Nothe mtsbe of homlae=dTcot cithoodaendne or eot. Jnsomialwedrms toIY.i aeb haiewndoe Sittng omadfe om eogn to the Brthsums^20ra ewio proprietor, at 5?lodgPVWll-mmll. jaSEODFLO,cossin fa ut ofyhre rooms linrary TPiFRNISH-ED CEAPRTENTS to be LET, for in I..J-Bayswa5erm na higly espectabl prvte house,epir., a, drain children. Unexceptionable references given and required. N ddresl TTNFUNISHD - PARTENTR WANVO~TED UJ- foralady~ miheonasthe i o;addmgao orgeSt. Jonswoo, with th tehamsOfe ld, wiOth n Oter lodgers-three goodtloms,and h attendance required.witddresl by letter to S. G.A.,Wallingf Mirary at- eat, Qu eng,err -ace.-St probes-ionao enlmn.Ocpyn l3ALgeL-osetALerqires woldb happyto LET` -is DRAW T JOO FLOORt and TW bED ROOyea, with atmtend hance. somchldNren.hFor trsApply at Sssx otag,Pak-ilag as,egnts goo atedace,wil hotl beREIJIor b a gentleman. Thet kos Dstb lre. wellsitatek.tinrhlfm milof thequeMArble Adams. 9, l'arlismentortrerto rpo be LET, URNISHED StwoN aendlmn BEDfo s-terrace. St. Jo.hnrs-wood. Furnished.ApplyF.i.2. Pst-madl TTO beIiLET, Furnzished, TWO convenient SUITES 2(wyunae'~ e, iut nea Cae ih aqusr e Te m ode' A nComfort3ble SITGIG and iB]fD ROOM, for aa U a r a v .~~~obrt enravr 56, Rupert- ytom$diningrotu.anvery modeate if takn sfoeur a spera neny. o ohilrn ortherldrem, hltrr6e Jl ldsr ._OtNTRY APARTMeN WANE frno two mont'hs about 10 miles from London, and near astation,-a & oomand throe ed ooms,twith attendance. o A dress, stating terms p e,to A. B., care of Straker and Co., 76qa, E. nhanlstreet. CAV4DIS P-SQoUARtm~APArT EN.TS, bahnd- Felyurnished, comprising two dawint roomL, thre beo bero rooms, dinin roomand stccommodation for serasnt ofr eonred.plt Apr. to es. Johnstm and Jeans, upholsterer, 6,Bd-stre -HfORNSEY.-Fiurnishecl Or unfurnished A-PART- JEP oS to be LET, pleasantly situae, and near the station. s nihed,nea P ' nd te 3rh. ontanin du 4 and r ,Aws iceand churcbh Apply to Er. S Nole , Railway stavrn, EOEO-ESTREET, Hasrover'square..-The PRIN-X CI?Ar, PART of an elegantly FUR-NISHE HOUSPI or ApatM s, tobeLET,with the attenance ofwoserants Addrean Ntonn poe-gce. Brook-street. Haover-square. i?1A.ERigSTREET, Portmnan-square.-~To be LET, I15 ellYurniahed,the whole UPPER PAST,consisting of12 rooms, Of one of ptJebeus HOUSES inthisinngtho,roughfare, withspacious entrance halL rtone stairs, &c.f for the seasn or year. Aptly to rBw. 14MsX, auctioneer. Leho , 8. Ochari-street, Povtman-squsre. trXE UPPERP PART of a HOUSE to be LET, FurTIniTho, nar Pictadilly and the parks, containin dining aiad drawing rooms, two best bed m ngroom,with bath closet, and servnt' rom, pz,lto he eevntinchage,No.15, Down-street, Piocadiilly LADY,*ithan income sncl some furniture, andl a Wises to meet with a LADY to JOIN her and share expenses. The houe is pleasantly situate in the high road, and Could be taken for a 1os=r0erod if desired. Address, with full particulars, to F- A. B., ao-oceHigh -stre St. John's-od 'DARIS-PURNsHED PARTMNTS to be F IMt-s ndtwHErvnD sepn chamBERS, ktcho do lefors ,Lmcts.Term*,moderat. Applytotheb h 6skepr , Johnt Areet, Adelphi,
'NTOTICE is hereb gvn, that the ORDINARY .L%HALF-YE.ARLY ME&cCIG of the Shareholders of the ELEC. ..TEIUPQl'WER LIGHT and COLOUR COMPAN,Y willbe held atthe, offices, 31, PAl:malJ.ors WednaadajF lith9i;h y of A'riI,lM 188.t1t 0i'clckpma. And notice Iberebylurther givem, that immediatelyaf tee theclo5e ofthe paoceedings suchOrdinar-yMeetingwill be mde ScIal, forthe purpose of determining upon thecourseto be tsken with rfe-l rence to andcoaseqMsent uponi the Iteport of the Committee of Inveatl. pation, received adopted at the last Special Mfeeting of the ShirehlesftDOMinpay. ByorderoftbeBoard. , SN O~~cosof WILLIAM H. HARRISO,Scea ("e fttElectric Power Light aud. Colaur Coeps.ny, 31, Pall-mall, London, 29th March, 1856. plyig pivae failis ad esablshmntswith foreign wineis an spiris, i larg or mallquantities, at really wholesale 'rices, that is, fro 25o 0 prcet,under those of wine maerchants., Examples I- Thefinsthaipage-at £8 Its, the thre-dozen case instead of £10ifs; Cares, inet Cateau 'rEnea Cautenso or Raussaii Margux, t £ 3g. Inseadof £12 12s.1 Sherries, at 28g., 38g., snd44s., lopacsof 6g,-4., nd58g.; Foeta, same ratio; and the finest RAOe or brow Cogna, 26s,per gallon. Apy to T. W. Stapleton. Eoq. Secretary .n aae,5,En-te~ Regent-street forprobpectmase and detaild prc it.Teprincpal clubs In iedori supplied, AUl wines sent ou napovlrsmples forwarded first if deeired. Teeas, CPAdoreenc. ..Ad at 6,Boulevard des Italieus.Paris N?TIONA-L FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY.- AAccount for Week ending March 27. £ s. d. Ran s S. d Cash, March 20 . 5,430 0 1 'DpeisWthrw 2,5215 2 4 Membera' Deposits. 2,079 17 5 DittgreWidfo wrLnsr Members' Advanceogtbymmes u193 18 Il Repaid .. I 375 5 5 Advanceato MembUr 60 0 a Other Advances lIe- OtherAdvances .. 157 13 3 paid . 156 7 11 Dividends and Corn- ees . . 7 14 mission *. . 21 1911 SuridyExpnses 17 5 1 Cash . . 5,068 16I1 £8.014 12 8 £8,644 12 8 Liabililties.Ase. Momnbesa'Capltal * 373,227 5 0 Mrembere~ Securities 83,824 3 5 Short Loans. .. 4,087 18 7 OtherSecurities . 296,19 182 Dividends. Commins. Sundry Effects . 698 11 0 sion,anIUndividod Cash . s 1ts Profit .. ..8,296 2 1 £385,611 5 8 £385611 58 RI M. J2RMYN, Accountant. 14, lloorgate-street, Marchn 91956. VOES for SOUTH ESSEX.-Thie ALLOTM3E2{T of the MALDON ESTATE, South Essex, will take place atths~ offices of the Conservative Land Society, 33, Norfolk-street, Strand, London, on Thursday, April 3. The borough and port town of Maidon is picturesquely situate on a commanding eminence, rising from the Blackwater river, which expands into a broad estuary a short distancee below the town. There is a railwvay station in the town, by which London may be reached in two hours, the distance being 44 miles and 37Tbythehbigh road. It is 12 miles from the sea, 9 from Chelmsford. and from Witham, The rising watering-place of Soutbend is within ~plesaant drive froin MkaIden. The estate Is on the south side of the upper Town. on a gentle slope inclining towards the S.S.W., and commands delightful viewsofthenueighb>o hils ad the estuso the Blackwrater. The land. is situtateo h ihrat FaM=rige in the upper town field,adjoining the fair field and cricket ground,in the parish of St. Peter. thus giving votes for the county and borough,. The plots are adminiblyadapted for vilas and houe faaueo clwas,which arenow muchwanted at Maiden. The laud IsdiviJ on~ the la oftheestte nto35 plots, two of whichuwil cost £978 7s. aeach; ISplts ae picedat52 4a6d ; and 15 plotseat £41 15g. Gd. each. Thee rics ncldeall fees and every cost of conveyanc. Plans of thett,pied,and7d.lfsentbh sk,ma bead of CIIARLS LFA , GRU ISEN, Secretary. TOTES for EAST SUSSEX and BRIGHTON.- TTheConservative Land Socet .The THIRD PORTION of the picturesue ROUND-HILL PAR -ESTATE, in Brighton, wil be OFFERED forALLOTMENT. on Thursday. April 3, at the otlfices, No. ,,2 Norfolk-street, Stranid, London, The contiuuous improvements in the town of Brighton render every inch of available building '-rund within the preclucts of the borough of daily increasing 'calne. ~h on-hill Par Estate is situate within hamfa mile of tlie railway station, just beyond the Lovel at the end of the Steyne. On the two portions already allotted 24 houses are built and bnuiding. Of thges eight wiUlbe nowfdtfer habitation, and will command rentsfromr-xWS to £60 per aununum The remaining-houses are in a forward state, two of whichL pay a ground rent of ifS for each £60 plot per anntum; one £e50 a £l5 ground rent; three £P12 Its each-' four, under a sub-liease of £7 each two,X £- one £10 - and twvo,l £1019. 'Six of the £37 INg. ?lotsin the Ditchllngrroad on this estate, have been let on building easesaaeach.In addition to these most advantageous operations, Lots 180, 191, 182, and 193 have just been taken by a builder on an agreemnentfor alease of 99years, at the rent ofX6 per annuma, corn. mencing fromnMicbaelmas,1896-the lesse having the option toepurchase each ground rent at 20 yearsl purchasw. These lots will therefore be offered to the holders of rights. The Dricesof thes leased plots will be as follows :-Lots 180,181,182,183, £712. These prices include fees, costs of conveyance, and cost of a, separate lease for each lot; and the purchasers, or holders of rights, choosing the above plots, must pay up the whole purchase-money within one month from the day f alotmnt.The third allotment will comprise the Plot No. 159, wttlhre eac tat Vr ivilege o f the hotel or pub li c-hous3e. at M 17 It6s. next to the hiouses now building; one Plot at £1I56 13.s. 6d., 65 Plots at £104 9s. each, onz the Richmnond-road ; two Plots at £78 Ps, and seven Plots, adjoining the Crescent, at £62 4s. -d each Th reaiin plt obe offered en the estate are Iota 135 toll3S inctuatve,-four a £502t 41Gd. ; Lots 126 to 132, seven at £652 4s. 6d., on the Cecn-od Lot 152, one at £32 4. 6dt. Prsinces-crescent;- Lots 171 o19 iea £52 4s. 6d., Ditching-road; and Lots 184 to 197. 14 Plot,a£24s , each. On all these plots, with the exception of thelesdpo,th borrowing power of syeve-eighths of the purcha-mnyoechpt will be allowed by thle Society. Plans of estates(pieG,or7.ifsn byPoft t b hd y.CHARLES LEWIS GRUNfEISEN. Secrtary. ATOTICE to CRLEDITORS.-AI ersons haiing L DEMANDS on Mlr. WILIM IAR. ofBihtnad Wooclmancote, Sussex, are requested to send the particulars of the same to Mewsse,Freeman, Comfoyd, Black, and Freeman, solicitors, 18. Ship-street, Brighton.-Bnigbtoln, March 27, 181G. .tE1TFER.Y SMITH, Esq-, deceased.-All Peso-ns 3 hvigay LI or DEMA6eND uothe ESTATEof the lte JEPPERY SM1TH, of No. 4, Belmont=Vlls Lowisham-roadl, REQ., (who died on the 2d of January last.) are requested to transmit particulars thereof to the undersigned, to whoma all persons Indebted to the same Estate are reqluested forthwithL to Day the amounts due from them respectively.-Dated this 29th of Mfarch, 1856. JONES and ARKCOLL, Solicitors to the Executor, 190, Toodey-street, Southwark. V~REDER-ICK CATHER WOOD deodewed,-A3 .32 prsons bavin any CLAIM on the ESTATR' of the late.F.REDE1510 CAHER~'OO, o Chrlessqure.Hoxton. in the county of Middesex andof Nw Yok. Bston andSan Francisco, in thte Unied tats o Amria, rchtec an ciilengineer, aadwho at the imeof is eat, inSepembr, 854 waa Passenger on boLrd the Ameicn mrcantstamshi Acti,ndleest at sea, are reoese CIH.ARLES HOUBLON ~~~GROIE E&f, ~deceased.- Allperon hain an CAIMorDEAND upon the ESTA2Rf th lat CHRLESIIOULONGROVE, of Chancery-lane andof ppe Semou-steetwest, Portinan-square Fsq., barrist er-atlaw,(whodie on he th of Mlarch inst.,) am reqluested to transmit paricuarstheeoftoMessrs. Lowis, Woodl, and Street, of No. 6, Raymon-buldigs,Gra's-nn,solicitors, to whom all persns indebted to thesam esat ar reuesedforthwith to pa the amounts due from thnsesctvely.Daeths2dar,186 ,EWIS,.OD n TEE,Slctr to the Elxecutoms IDURSUANWT to a Decree of the High Court Of JLChancery, made in a causo " George Bailey Pearson plaIntiff, aguns Thomas Pearsn aud others, defendants," the CREIO RSo TRIMOTHY BAILEY, late o9f No. 132, Regent-street, LAmbt-aki thLe parish of Lambetb. in the county of S5urrey gent lenian,deas, (who died in or about the month of April, 18S(e)are, by theirsoitr, on or before Thursday, the Ist day of May, 1816 to come inanprv ther dbtsandclamsat he hamersof heVice-Chanceltor i Tb Sturt atNo12,Ol-sqar, Lncln'-in,Middlesex; or, i default therof,theywil be ereptorly xclued romthe benefit of the said decre. Mnday the5th ay o May 181, at12 o'clock at nooni, at thesai chmbes, s apoitedforheaingandadjuidicating upon the ROT .BRAKE, Chief Clerk. TENNANTand BEALANDS,4. Raymond-buildings, Gy'-n.Plaintf' Solicitors. DU-RSiTANT to a Decree of the High Court7of --Chancery, made in a cause "1George Bailey Pearson. rlsintUtf ag ainst Thomas Pearsn and others defendants," the NET of KIM of TIMOTHLY BAILEY. late of 132, Itegent-street, Lamnbethl-walk, in the pariah of L%mbeth, in the county of Surrey. gzentleman, deceased, who died ini or about the mnonth of April, 1865,) are, by their solicitors on or bafor Thursday. the Ist day of May, 1816, to coma in and grove their ctaima at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir John tur,1,Old-square, Lincoln's-inn, Mfiddlesex; or, inx default thereof, theywill beperemotrily excluded fromthe benefiotofthesaid decree. Monday, the 5th day of Mlay, 1856, at 12 o'clock noo,. at the said chambem, in appointe for hearing and adjudicating upon the ClSims.-Dated this- day of March, 1856. B. W. PEAiHE, Chief Clqtrk. TENNANT and BR,1A.LN-DS. 4, Raymond-buildings, Gray's-inn, Plaintifi's Solicitors. D3URSUANT to a Decree of the High Court~ of .1. Chancery, mnade in'b cause "1Watliagton against Prideaux," theI CREDITORS of WILLIAM WATLINGTON, late of Reading, inI the county of Barkcs, grocer, (who died in or about the -molith of Angust, 1812.) are, by their solicitors, on or befuor the 24th day of A~ Ita, to come in andprv their debts at the chanabers of the Vice. Chancellor Sir RichardTorbvn Kindersley, 3, Stone-buildings, Lincoln'sinn, Middlesex; or, in defaullt thereof, they wil be peremptorily ex- 14th day of March, 1816.e CA.P'UGH, Chief Clerk. JAMESCOOPR, 3 Bedfrd-rw, Aentfor PURSUANT to a Decree of the High Court Of JL Cacr,made in a cause "Burn against Thomnaley," the CREDITORS of SA.MUEL THORNALLY. late of Wainfleet, St. May's, in the county of Lincoln (who died tieor about the month of January 1814) are, by their solictors on or before the 3d day of Aprl,l~6, o em inan, prove their debts, at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sirltichar Torin Kindereley, No. 3, Stone-buildings Lincolns-inn, Middlesex ; or, in default thereof, they will be peranip- t3rilecudedfro the benefit e of the sadDc he WdCourytheot -ILCaofeAriy, 18de6, atl oclockI Jatesnoon,athsidnbamoters,iapin pOiteafo htearing and adjudicating upon DThecliS.-Dof thLInM ?~STXdaySof Febru Bary, 1856. oais f rynth oito Borov entema (woEdedKi.r bu E theWmoDS, Chie Ocloerk.841 foerb Bonnier ulbds solicitosonrbeors, the 1rd, LanofArlashIre. t co RSUmandp Tv toerdet at Ordercabr of the,VHj e-hCourt1lof SirnWellya made Wod,ato.U.e 'Naewsquaredwin ln? other agindst Wmiiam Stvns deandt tereo. theh Mb eemCptD toBriof exlLdeIfrm the efi lte of tesaywid ire. enedy the parahdfBay,i the county of Bark12 gentlemkatno(who didiaraot the sadcabmipointhdofotober,182n are, bydicthirnolctos u on th r befor.aedthe s 17th day of XAprchi,86.t SirWilia Pge oo, a N. f, ew-quce ELinolnAsnn MOiddle-k .3,). WILAMS,.Guildhall-cliambers, astghail-street, Lndon,' Agent for James Smaith, Mlaidenhead, Rerks-, Plaintiffs' Solicitor. N OTICE is hereby given, that WILLIA!I CRA- TOBNE of Bishopwearmouth, in the county of Durham, gro er andflour ealer, hath, by indenture of assignment, bearing date the 24th da of 1arch. 1856, and made between the said WilliamCrathoree of the irst part. Edward Capper RoleMn; of Bitshopwearmonth aforesaid, miller, and Charles Browvn, of North Shields, in the county of Northumat:erland, miller, of the second part. and the several prsons whose names are thereunto subscribed and seals aftixed being respectively creditors of the said William Crathorne. of tEie third pert, GRANTED andASSIGNEDallbis REALandPERSONAL ESTATE and EFFECTS to the said Edward Capper Robson and Charles Brown, intrust,fortheequalbenefitof such of thecreditorsof thosaidWil. liam Crathorue as shae assent to and execute the said indenture of aasignmentwithin three months from the dato thereof. Thesaid indenture of assignment was duly executed by the said Wiiam Crathorue on the said 24th day of March instant, in the presence of and attested by William Joseph Young, of Biehopswearmouth aforesaid, nttorney-at-1b, samdthe same indeuture was dulyexecuted bythe said 35dward Capper Robson and Charles Brown, on the 26th day of the said month ofMarch, inthepresenceof andattested bythesmaidWilliam Jooeph Young. T?AN} ING, Mining, and Railway SHARES, Foreign B and English Stocks, OUGHT and SOLD, on the moet advantageons terms. for cash or account. Advances procured thereon, and every informatiot on the subject of investment or speculation, ray be obtained on application. by letter or personaUy, to LEWIS JACKSON andCo, hare-broker& 9, Pinners'-ball, Old Broad-street Country com. munications have prompt attention. 1?ANs NOTES.-The full value given in cash for diamonds, pearis, oldgold and silver, tdandaiverlas, nd English and foreign coins, at SE,IE DEAN and CO.', 9, 0orenter. street, liester-square. Irish, Scotch, andforeignnotes. exenanged, N.B. A harge assortment of lewrelles, plate, and plated goods to bes aold atvery reduced prices. Gold watches, £6415s ailver dito, £2125,, wawntsd, Draft granted on Paris . iLTAINED GLFASS WINDOWS for the MILIION. IC -Instead ofstaiing the glass we stanatranprnt materia easl apptied by any person. By thisinethod, with equal permnxaency, we obtaIn superiorfinsh, richness, and brilliancy, atatithe of the coot, Eccesiastilcal, Gothi4, arniorial, and Frrench designs for br4hU or conservatory windows. ball lamps0, window pictures, &c. Deti books, &l1. fres,-WHITi and DALTGNQ. 5Y~. E5thhone-plac,. Cl LASS BOTTL.E COMIPA:NY, ScotlaiEd-yard, J respectfully solicit the attention of wrinS and beer boters, exporters, ltc., to their extensive STOCK of superiorGI AS8SROTT8, BRASS BEDSTEAD WANTED, second-hand,i good condition, vwith furniture and bed jing preferred, Ajo, Brussels carpet. 17 by 14, wfith rug to mawtch, and hangingsfor ta drawring room-windows, nearly new. Address, with full Etlc la of qulity,1se, and l)rice, to X, I., Burkelt's, Dewvender, eucea-road1, grdse pics B DAOX Doder,Sotan az, bndn SCR1?, of th,e STATE of TEXAS.-HfoIders of this Scrip ought to ta6ke me&sures to present it for redeinption at Wsbington, U.S., before the end of April. Parties sedding scrip to the -aidleriged by-te 10th of April willbavea it forwardedluiiapeoper form. G.. A. THOMS ON aud Co.. 212, old Broad-street, London. 'd ANADA BONDS. - GOVERNMENT of C_J ANADA SIX per CENT..DEBENTUR.ES.Jaimsed under the authority of the Consolidatted Municipal Loan Fund Acts (l6VIc., cap. 22, and 18 Vic.. cap. 1.3); interest 51 per cent, per annumt, payable . f-yearly, in January and July, atthe offic- of theEeceiv,er-General; redeemabIe 1875.-The undersiged has in his hands for negotiation a Iimltedamount of the aboveBONDS. and is prepared to receive appli.. catrotos for the same, at £80 sterling per £100O currency, at which rate' they wi-Llpay rather more.than 6per cent,.per annum. ThelBonds,sre in *nor*nts of £100 and £800 currency ec. L. HOPX 4, Bihop6gate-churchyard. Losdon. TbUTCHPOtJRper CNT. ad all other foreigna .3)'COITON, de Aril , ae nw bingPAID on presentstion at higestrats. lsodrata raned n Prtsand other icontinental cites,atourodi~,21.Corhil, p~~th Royal Exchange.- SAMUL an M0N~GU Bullon erchntsand Foreign Biankere 3)OYAL ITALIAN OPERA.-Mr. GYE begs .iLa most respectfully to announce that he wfll, durin the preBent season. giye the OPE-RA akt the, ROYAL LYOLRUM THTEATRE, and trusts that his arrangements, affected as they are by the late sudden and dreadful catasstobe, may meet with the kind and indulgent con. sideration of the subscribers andL the public. It has been Mr. Glye's chief aim to keep intact the oDmpany of great artistes whichi he had atlready engagodfor the Royal'ItalaAn Opera, Covent Garden, and hie has succeeded in doing so. The eng2emenU for the prae Mifadame Grisl, MEadame JennyL Ney. Mldlle. Didi6e, BiloMe 1f. Macs Madamne Tagliadcoo and Madams Bosioe: Signor 3Mario, Signor Tamberlik (for a few nights only previous to his departure for Rio fico, Signor Polonini, Signor Zelger, Signor Soldi, Signor Mcei, Herr Formes Signor Rmoconi, and Signor LAblache. Director of the Muaic, Composer, and Conductor Mfr Costs. For theDivertissements.-Mdlile. Mr. Mdlle. Cousb dilwe. E'mma, Mdile. Jena, MonsfDesplaces. and e.Crt."To the above, ladies and gentlemen Mr. Glye feels he ought thus publirly to express hins 3most grateful thanks, for they. one- and all, in the mosft kidnd,. the medg unhesitating, and in, the mnost generous maniner made modifications in their engagements forthi yer,bot peuniryandothrwie,without which it would havebee imossblefor im o hve ive anopera Su ported by suchi artiisunso malathetre Theoliwinopraswciil he performed durig te sesonyin Rigleto. L GaeL]dra, Otello, ll Trova- orhetr ad houswllbesute t tesie f hethate and be cmnposed of the best prformers. Subscriptir-sthe ccoimuodation in the Lyceuma Theatre is necessarily v-ery limiie, Mr. Gye would feel greatly obliged if those ladies and gentlemen wishing to subscribe would at oucekindly slgnlfy theirinterntion to hlim, in order that be nyapoton the boxes and stals with as little d'tlay as possible. The susrpinwill be, for 40 nights, commencing on Tuesday. April 15, Boes,£0 anzd upwards; Stauis, AZ5 Ful particulars wil be duly announced. Mr. Glye begs to state that it is his intention to build a New Opera-house, with Concext-hall and other acessories, and that he will shortly have the honour of submitting his plans for public inspection. F'hRU Y-LAN .-Engish Oera.-Signin- of the Anthemn, rartant poeir la Sy.and other national nice, by h hl of the comapany, strengthene by ara the available tale~i themto p)olis. Mlanaging Directors, Messrs. J1. H. Tully an. i uy In consequence of the unprecedented furore cre-ated by the euto of Verdi's grand opera IL TEOVATORE, orthie Gi's Veneace this opera wlllbe repeated this eveningr (Monday), and xon Wdedy Friday. and Saturdy. with the following powerful cast:;Lt soi Miss Fanny Huddart, Mr. Augustus Brahain, M1r. Henri Datn r Farquharsn. he. Mir. Henry Haigh (the new tenor) wlhaethe honour of snaking his first appearance at this national theatre Tomorrow fZuesday) in Balfe?s opera, The Bohemian Girl, which will [he also repeated on Thursday. Reduced prices as usual- stalls, 4s ; dress-circle, Zs. ; first circle and pit, 2s.; upper circle and amphitheatre. Is. ;gallery, 6d. ; private boxes, 10s. "d. El Is.. and £2 2s. - T HEARE ROAL,1AYMARKET.-THISELVEANITNRG (MonRdaoy), andLduring the week, the new comedy of THE EVIL GENIUS. The newballet antorsine of EL GA2I%MUSINO. or The M1exican Guldseeker, with ase, music by Edward riltzwilluam and scenery by W.-Callcott, in which. the renowsned Spanish Dancer, Senora Plersa Nens, with Manuel Perer, ani a new and complete Cem no Spanish Dancers will appear. 'With LEND ME FIVE SHILLINGS.Mr. Goligbtlyhi oigial charac-ter), Mar. Buckatone. To conclude with A DAUGHTE TO M1ARRY. JD OYA-L PRINCESS's THEATRE. -THIS EVEIN, ndon riay A WOIIIRULWOANI FAUT Af 0MAGUEITE ad APRICEFOR AN HOUR: To-orrw (uesay) Th Fist riner;The Victor Vanquished; andA Pinc fr a Hor.Wedesdy,Louis XI.; The Victo TTHE.ATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Begia at '7 and EIT terminate at IL.-Continuaed and Glorious Succes-Return of Mir. Wright, and Urgent Private Afraims-78th N-ight of the mogt successful Buirlesqe and Comic Pantomnime ever produced.-THIS EVENING, thFarce of MOTHER AND) CHILD) ARtE DOING WELL. Felix FIuffy, Mlr. Wright. W-ith the Comic Piec of UR1GENiT PRIVATE AFFAIRS. Dotts, Mr. Wright. And the grad uresue ndcoicpanommeofJACK AND THE BRAN E,TLK o, areqinan Mthr loseatHome Again Jackand Harlqui, MaameCelete;Mothr Goseand Colunibine, Miss T HEATRE ROYAL,.- SADLER's-WELLS.- -LUnder the Management of Mr. George A. Welister.-Coatinued Success and Last Six Nights of that wunivalled artiste Mir. Leigh Murray.-Crowded houses to PlanchiFs best Fairy Extravaganza, suppo"by MissesHarriet Gordon. M. Oliver, Cuthbert. Bartlett. Jenny bVMessrs. Barrtt, Edgar, Swan, George A. WVebster, and tha betblet and dramatic company in London. The eminent tragt-dienne bUs Cusbman wil apTpear on Monday next, April?7. I)OYAL SURREY THEATRE.-Lessme lessrs. LR Shepherd and Creswick,-Greatest Hit of the Day.-VHOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON in to be seen and learnt at the above Theatre more effectually than by the ablest description of the most gifted writer. The combined efforts of pen and pencil have succeeded in producing a true and real picture of London life so perf ect that it hsbee erenounced by the pres and the thousands who have already witnesedit unparalleled inmoderntimes. Acting ManagerMr. C. A. Calvert. - A STLEY's EASTER PHALANX. - GREAT It3.SPRING 3ENIING and NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, in which the extraordinary performances of Mir. William Cooke's new studof high-mettledracehocseeandtronpe of fearlessjockreys render the peurinnyal of this national sprt a perfect picture of life-like reality, the audience, each eveunin actually ricing, en masse, transported with breatbless excitement at the varied and vivid scenes passing before them; together with the Grand Spctacle; Scenes in the Circle; the Doule igh Roe tises th BE w Equestria Act or the Postimar?s Xnoclc; and other entertainments-every evenling. G BET NTIOAL TANARDTHEATRE.- Propieto. Mr Joh Donlaae-Eniaceent of Mliss Glyni, Mr. H. Matn,agmnd o Miss Reca Stirling.-THtIS EVENNG, thed playno H ase(of the TheatreRoa.aferosyWll. Sale'swels FAR thER LayLONstne, TMis DGlyrTsIO. Upad f20aThses wil ble emp rloed.Mishs eecas beeas willd aforfvnihsol,adwl appear in opera.f Ari t-IIY o LONON.THETRE.AOprE.-nde theenlamMr t. ofyn Mr. P. oti r .ugTI EoENING aDoul duanng the wesek,LS, £M0r0. Co oOeTHS ATTHEG SAir. Wu. ILei Bal ofitl Theaa tre Royal.Saler'sf Wells. TH AfehIRY THER FLOWE THERA DUptaB POTILIchatr.Thore inimitabley CArle Mathew hS. Eewn. engge forfive nigtsa ony And wil appAR on tlihe the ofl Aprit (, 'IIY of ONDON THpeaTer E.-O ea.mndSp 'Ucndertho MaaemenING I eIsRTANH. TMyad Ff. Kan,gsb. ucy. WTiMS, LEMG.S. ly, IL . P. CT Eorn, Mr. B iowlr Dobengeand., Condactor err byLcMe ot, s .Udar,adMs yer Lutesr. G ARRTCK THEATR, LAnMA-sReET,.hthpl -Lesee Lr opr T I VENING HE M r G WIU. H ipo wilssAintefaatrfIol.Ater which, LGM3 SN; r h THiea EGGAsek-rS OPERA. Captain Maheth LMr. MEog Lee; PSy. I,Gss ayS Edi.To conclude with A DAYUINPATIR in whchthRRY. rae MisPrsotnader h willrgepeat her 3imrsihrlatn ofKiean. een chares aVNd in which she hapreaeted so grNEatFaLsesation DRUYVENNGwilAbe preented S M O PHER AND. P UOnGWer h Manag ementofMesar.WrJg.tH .BTel ad f.r ingsbuy. bfz .A.uBray, & , Hfenr wicDah. aMGNd PFLATqh A FFAIRS To conclude w ithx JA dANDGUER E B aN 3TLegen or, Lovle.ui THEATR ROLYI, HAYMATRKU. lnerstee Mangeen olfre Mrga.Bu-soe THSE ISGwllEVrENInG. d THEEILLWGENI RUS. EP Tondmy belfolAored b Vigan51 MEs HIeaW SHILLNGSl.Mm Strig To conclude with AH DAUGHTR TO MARRNES. Fi ROYALR PRINCESS' THDEAR'NEL. Under the Mianagement of M1r. CharlesA Wesear. THI EENNG will be p resented AEL WOURIOF LYWOMNS. Al Oterwhc. FAUSton Altr b)h MRUITHE. UephIStpIBLEs by M. Calleat. To conclude withAothrINEFterantHOUR Poieo. Mr. n.aWbser; DirecTres. Payndae -els THIS EVENING wil be presentted MOTHIES N CHUILD After DOINGBEIiL. Characters by MedaesTa right. P Boedfrda Weeeih, Brs.nneMrra, and . Jamestoerswic. TowGENTilb P aTded aFFraIRS.Ue DTismt.To conclude with JC N THE BEANI OFLK Nor, Harequi ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Messms Shepherd and Creawicic. THIS EVENING will be praeseted HOW WE, LIV IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CharactersbyMesirs. Shepherd, C. A. Calvert, S. H. Richards, Ngiddicormb, fc.; Misses Marriott, K Sanders, &c. Alter which, TUPELHAUSEN ;or The Lawyee's Legend. To conxclude with COBBLER AND TAIL6R. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lewsee and Manager, blr. W. Cooke. TMHS EVEN'ING will be _presented THE ARtAB OF THE DESZERT AND HIS FAILTHFUL STEED. Alter which, the Scenes lin theo Cirole. To conclude with an English Steeplechase. 'TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of Thes Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impmesed stamp e,ffixed. UTnder the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60). The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countriea Without an impressd stamp. No notioe can be taken of anonymous. communlcations. Wha;tever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the nsoeand addressof the writer; not necessariy for publication, but as a guaratee of his good faitla. We cAunno unaertts& to retors rejectedl communications. aS'The IaUetionofTnxc Triers commenced at 5 o'clock on Saturday morning,~ and finished at a, quarter past 9.
E I LONDON, MONDAY, MARCH 31, 15. At 1 o'clock yesterday the Plenipotentiaries of the European Powers assembled in Paris signed tlhe Treaty of Peaee. War was proclaimed on the 27th of March,- 1854, aad has terminated just two -years and two days from the perioil of its comImencement. The treaty is, we are informed, to tfke effect from the date of its signatuize, and a%t u usual, frora the date oftits ratification; so that we, have actuallypassed into a condition of peacewithout being in the least aware of the gradations-through which it was'to be obtained. Even while we write the guns of the Tower are announcing the re- tumn of that condition -which,; if once lost sight, of, robs war of all its honour, reduces it to an ignoble conflict between the enemies of manikind, and renders it utterly unworthy of a Clristian State. It is vain to speculate on the-precise conditions upon wlich peace has been concluded. They are not yet known to us, and probably may not be so for some days, though they can hardly be concealed during the whole period requisite for the exchange of the ratifications. We have little doubt that in their rsubstance they are already known to the English public, and, if so, though they do not contain all upon which we might have thought ourselves entitled to insist, they nevertheless give us substantial reason to believe that we have not concluded a hollow truce, but a finvl and honourable reconciliation. And now, placed on the vantage ground afforded by this critical moment of time, which links together the war from which wehave emerged andthe peace on which we are entering, we cannot forbear a comparison of our present situation and prospects witn those of the memorable 27th of Yrch, 1854. Much as we have done, we have learnt more. The stern realityof war has dissipated manyillusions and shown many things to us in their true shapes the aspect of which was before vitiated by prejudice, by our over-appreciation of ourselves, by a contemptuous and insular miscalculation of the forces of others, and by a mistaken estimate of the overwhelming advantages of mere physical power. When we entered into the war we believedas we had a rig,ht to believe-that our Generals were skldful and enterprising, and that our costly military system, so often and so emphaticaUly honoured with the approbation of the great Duke of WE}NiaGTow, would be found equal to every emergency. These hallucinations were rapidly dissipated by the progress of the war, and we awoke to the melancholy conviction that, of all those things in which we trusted, none, except the brilant valour and endurance of our army, was worthy of our confidence. One legacy, therefore, that the war has left us is distrust of our military system, and a firm determination to place that system on a footing which, if it cannot comraand success for us, may, at any rate, secure our deserving it better for the future. France, on the other hand, profiting by the state of constant preparation in which she has been living ever since the peace of 1815, has gloriously asserted her right to be ranked among the first of military nations, and has acted in a manner calculated to raise her reputation as a great military Power, and to add new pages to the long catalogue of the triumnphs she has won by the shill of her officers and the trained and organized enthusiasm of her soldiers. The two Powers have learnt to place reliance in each other's naval and military strength ; ancd they have also proved to each other and the world that they are capable, from the most disinterested motives, of forming and preserving a great alliance, and maintai,ing its good faith inviolate, under circumstances the most arduous and discouraging, despite of all the arts which an enemy equa'ly skilful and unscripulous could employ in order to undermine their good understanding. Independently, therefore, of the exact conditions of peace, which we do not yet know, the war has been glorious and prosperous for the Western Powers, by demonstrating the purity of their motives, the extent of their resources, their dauntless courage, their inviolable good faith, and that stem and steadfast resolution which seems able to control even Fortune herself, and to bend to its will the most adverse and threatening circumstances. It were invidious to enter too critically into the share of merit to be awarded to either party. The brunt of the struggle at Alma and Inkermann was borne by the English; the best approaches to Sebastopol and the finally successful assault were the work of the French; and, if we have abundant reasons to complain of our Generals, France has as little reason to be satisfied with the want of vigour which neutralized her great success of the 8th of September. The English army suffered most at the beginning, the French at the end of the war; and, if France has shown most skill in the conduct of hostilities, England was better able to continue them, for her resources were only beginning to be developed at the very moment when those of the other belligerents had perceptibly diminished. In a military point of view the losses of Russia have been signal and overwhelming. Half a million of valiant soldiers, a vast fleet, arsenals of bolundless abundance, her whole means of internal transport, have vanished in the course of two brief years, and the Power which would not condescend to return any answer to our remonstrances in 1854 is glad to seek for peace, with an admission of its absolute necessity, in 1856. Her unjust claims are abandoned, her haughty tone is lowered; she has felt in her own vitals that consmming flame of war with which she has so often infested the repose of 'weaker States, and she has learnt that there is a Power as superior to her in that physical force to which she has ever been ready to appeal as in that justice and moderation which her neighbour3 have so often sought from her in vain. But at this heavy price Russia has undoubtedly purchased great advantages. She has awoke from the delusion of universal conquest-from the dream that a Power resting purely on a military basis can for a moment successfully compete with those which add to military strength a highly developed internal organization, and, as it would seem, she has turned her attention to the development of her internal resources, with the view, possibly, of renewing the conflict at some future date, but with the certamty that by raising up an internal material prosperity she will be enlisting her own interests most powerfully against the warlike spirit, which flourishes only among nations that believe they have more to gain by plunder than by commerce. Of the States of Germany we have left ourselves little room to speak; but a certain poeticaljustice does not seem to have been wanting in their case. While the belligerent Powers, victorious and vanquished, retire from the contest with no inconsiderable share of military honour, to play a firstrate part - in the European drama, Austria and Prussia, the poor-spirited supporters, of either side alternately, and of neither effectuaLly, have suffered grievously since the commencement of hostilities. The former was allowed to act as gob6tween in bringing about the peace, but, instead o' being the arbiter of Europe, was, if we. are correctly informed, condemned to play the part of little more than spectator at the Conferences of Paris. March has destroyed the illusions of January, and proved once again that, at least in modern days, it is vain for empires to think- of winning by the pen that for which they 'will not strike ivith the sword. Prussia has been permitted to affix her signature to the treaty, but her voice was not allowed to be beard in council, ar.d her Ambassador was only admitted when everything essential had been decided. It may turn out that the Powers which did not engage in this war have lost by it more than those who manfully stood forward, and that its permanent -effects will. be felt miost severely, not in Ru&ssia, but in Germany-.I Fleets mnay. be rebuilt, armiea, may be "renewed, treasure be- -aoeujuub-k~ again; but the confidence of mnanklnd in the great Powers of Germanly, their confidence in -themselves-and in each other, is gone. And who shall say what is the process by which it can be restored ? Let Germany look to it, for evil is before her. For us and for our gallant allies peace comes as a blessing, for it comes with honour. It has been dearly won. Iet us hope it will be long enjoyed.
We must own to a r.trange revulsion of sentiment. As a journal cannot often confess to a mistake, we will out with the matter. It is the speech of a distinguished American senator, occupying no little -space in our Saturday's columns, that draws from us this unaccustomed confession. We certainly did think that the American Government was disposed to ride the high horse -with us; as far as we could construe their words, they declined to allow any arbitration between us; they would maintain their own view against the law and judgment of the whole uniferse besides; they would either have their way or see which was the stronger. Misguided beings as we are, these were the suggestions of Old-World malice and British pride. INo; if America dislikes arbitration, it is because the very thought is an insult to her pacific intentions. What arbitration should there be between sisters,-what can express the cause of a lamb better than its own innocent bleatings? With Mr. CASS for a peacemaker, the United States needs no foreign umpire. It must be our fault if we hold out on the smallest point wien he pleads to ourbrotherlylove, our many affinities, and our common history. Mr. Ciss recoils with virtuous horror from the charge of a " bellicose disposition" brought against him, even by a friend from Tennessee. All that he desires is that his country should be spared " humiliating concessions." He and his own countrymen desire no war with England. At his time of life his only hope is to die at peace with us and all mankind. It is because he trembles for this one hope that he so earnestly inculcates a better feecling on the press of this country. Re only asks that the States of the Old World may regard the American Government as one Christian regards another-that it may not be tabooed and declared a political leper, and excluded from the company of the Sovereign Powers of the world. Was there ever a more moderate request ? The whole tone of his speech is that of the lamb when it has first heard the snarl and seen the teeth of its ugly comrade at the brook. Re reads with unfeigned dismay the threat that the commerce of the United States is to be swept from the ocean, their seaboard devastated, their cities plundered and destroyed, and their national independence annihilated. Li;ke a neighbour long estranged, he trusts that we shall know and love hispeople better. Re desires no injustice to us, and even appreciates all that England has done for the intellectual advancement of mankind, for morality and civilization. But he will not yield to the " formidable array" which we assume towards America. He is not one of those who believe that danger is to be averted by shutting the eyes to it. The suibject has hitherto been treated quite " deli" cately," even " gingerly," Air. CAss says, in the Senate; but it isbetterto call things by their right names. Re sincerely trusts there will be no war. When he considers the condition of the two countries, and the calamitous effects of a war upon both, he can hardly believe that English statesmen will push the difference to that extremity, though certainly there are oniinous portents above the horizon -to warn his countrymen that a storm is not far off. Re dreads the "ulterior objects" of the mallest movement on our part. Re sees no need for arbitration, because it is only a question of word, and who can understand the language of peace better than the Americans ? Entreating us, therefore, to be modest and gentle, to spare the feelings of the American public, and to trust to their kind intentions, and in particular to their philological accuracy in the interpretation of diplomatic language, the dove-like MIr. CAss sits down, and leaves to us the odiotus task of rejecting the- olive branch, if we choose to do so. There is only one thing wanting to the effect of this most Christian homily, and that is, that the preacher should practise the virtue he inculcates. One grain of example is worth a cartload of precept, but we are truly concerned to say we cannot discover even that muchx of the precious metal in the whole of Mr. CAss's persuasions to peace. The American dove must be a very odd bird; the American olive very unliLe the Attic species, if these are fair specimens. The dove has a crooked beak and talons; the olive stings lilke a nettle. The much-injured Mrs. CAuDLE; herself. never scolded so much as Mr. CAss. His " curtain " lectures' to his dear fellow-Saxons in these isles are made up of the most nnpleasant materials a perverse ingenuity could string together. Re begins with assuring the Senate that England has been taught by recent experience to yield to the suggestions of prudence what she mnight refuse to the dictates of justice; that she has come out of the past struggle with the loss of military prestge, with disappointed hopes, and wounded national vanity, arising from the greater success of her rival. In the face of this "comparative humilia" tion," our " bluster" has become more violent. It is downright " arrogance" in us to feel annoyed at the tone of the American Congress, and savours of that "spirit of assumption so often displayed " in our history." Mr. CAss cannot find, he says, one single example, either formerly or recently, in English history, of such careful attention to the feelings of other nations as would be shown by a desire to discuss differences in an inoffensive manner. He charges the people and press of England with violent denunciations of the United States and their position, and vith such a lavish employment of abuse as to have attained a sort of climax in the present discussion.' Re calls the articles of our leading journals precious exhibitions of good taste ancd good feeling; and, as the particular articles he quotes are written with a union of mnoderation and firmness, the moderation he ascribes to our being cowed by disasters, the firmness he caUls mere bullying. He speaks of " the. deeprooted sentiment of " aversion which animates the public mind of this " country towards the United States." Of course, he does not omit the opportunity for bringing up, the surrender of BunGovx's army, and our occasional loss of a frigate to the United States' navy. He chuckles over what he pronounces our utter failure to accomplish our objects in the war with Russia. Re charges us with in- cessant wars of aggrandizement, and with designs upon the United States, which, however, the Americans cau defeat by the very simple process of putting what construction they please on every treaty between the two nations, and interpreting with the rHie the ambiguities of the pen. On a comparison of these flowers of American rhetoric, it appears that in no way can we esca-pe being at the same time the most insolent, the most tyrannical, the most dangerous, the most cowardly, the most contemptible, the most designing, the most ignorant, the most shortsighted, the most obstinate, the most yielding, the most blustering, and at the same time the most craven people in the world. And this description of ua forms the staple of an argument for peace, taking credit for the oppoisite qualities in the citikens of the Unito1 States, and representing the present differenoes as coaxing entirely out of the-had tono of feeling on Uais side the AtlaitiQl We have wntentea ouz-! selves -with simply stating the fact, -with quoting f.om Mr. CAss's homily hib exhortations to brotherly love, and his own exemplification of that virte. The only comentm-weimake ia to ask theAmerican public-which, on our word, we believe fo be -very liLe the British public-whether Mr. CAss is a genmine specimen of the American doVe, and his speech is a true sprig from the American olive ? We have too much respect for the Unitea States to believe that Mr. eAss is anything but Mr. CAssa very intemperate, and very foul-mouthed old fellow. To the general question, apart from the a,reeable episodes imported into it by this amicable peacemak-er, we have only to caUl the attention of the Americans to two or three points which- they may talke on our word. The British people bear no ill will whatever to the Americans; they have no designs whatever against them, and tak-e quite as much pleasure inhearing of the unbounded extension of the Anglo-Saxon family, language, commerce, religion, and law-s in the New World as the Americans can possibly do tlhemselves. They don't think it worth while to rake up the histories of the American wars, and are almost to a man of opinion that the Americans were in the right to assert their independence, and deserved all their success. They would certainly feel a war with the lUnited States to be an mnnatural, discreditable, and inevitably unfortunate one, inasmiuch as neither side could gain honour by it, nor any advantage which peace will not 'bring spontaneously in time, They are of op'ion that two such great, populous, wealthy, and energetic States could not possibly go to war without inflicting great lo-ses upon one another, and that, such is our cormMon interest in peace, that the triumphs and the disasters of either side would be almost indifferently disasters to the other. They would much prefer that neither side should suffer any loss of honour; they are, however, bound to look after themselves; and are only desirous to make no greater concessions to the United States than they would to any great European State. The gentleman whose speech we have com-mented on above says that the public press, and we in particular, are faithful exponents of public opinion in this country. On his- own showing, then, we appeal to the American public to accept our assurance that we have no other wish whatever than to get out of these questions without improper and needless humilia-tion; but that we certainly shall think it due to our character and position not to make greater concessions to the United States than we should to any other Power in the vorld.
There is no lesson which so much tries the patience, if not the faith of nations, no Iess than. of individuals, as that which teaches the sweet uses of adversity and the corrective influence of suffering. Not that, in the abstract, 'we are personally or gregariously disposed to doubt its truth, any more than we are to dispense with its inculcation. Few men ever yet heard the application of a needy friend, with a borrowing manifesto written on his face, without returning a ready homily on the excellence of the discipline 'which Pnovmm;cF was administering, or a cheerful comment on the pmuroses to which it might ba directed, and no schoolboy ever composed his 20 lines of theme on the virtue of men or of States without an illustration borrowed from the Oak of Alg,idus or the poverty of Sparta. But in this, as in other eases, there is all the difference in the world between the recipient and the author of the advice. Men in their separate or aggregate capacities are not very well disposed to smooth the pang of present pain 'by the lniment of the most elegant moral or the stimulus of the most flatteriag prediction; and the truisms -with which they would fain palliate the miseries of others serve rather to exasperate than assuage their., own. It is only a .few years since the state of Ireland was the darkest blot of English statesmanship and the pet sore of hostile irritation. Was there - ever such a state of things known since the sun of Reaven shone upon the earth ? Was there any other country in the world where rags were the normal clothing, potatoes the ordinary food, discord the social relation, and assass-mation the favourite diversion of the majority of the people? Yet, with only partil exaggeration, this might have been said, and was said, of three-fourths of Ireland; and, without any exaggeration what-- ever, might have been predicated of the whole of two or three counties in Ireland. Property forgetful of its duties and defrauded of its rights-law dormant and cowled before the appalling tyranny of a rude sense- of seeming "justice"-the traditionary imagini gs of au unreal past, fostering dreams of an impossible future-religion, with its heart torn out and its essential charities exorcised, paraded as a fell and ghastly symbol of war between conflicting creeds; then the horrible trilogy of famine, fever, and mortality, not less horrible for the supervening antics of an abortive civil war ;-such was the condition of Ireland-a burden and almost a curse to the empire-a blot on Europe-a theme of contumelious triumph to our worst enemies. Yet, at the saddest and darkest moments of that murky period there was not wanting consolation of the kdnd to which we have alluded-consolation onl\; to be appreciated when the trials which evoked ;r. have passed away, and the former sufferings areT forgotten in the present change. It was then said, "Things must become worse before they can be "better. The plague, the famine, and the wide"spread deaths are the natural consequences and "the natural avengers of certain conditions, which " must disappear before Ireland can be either re" generated or revivified." The doctrine sounded harshly on men's ears at that dismal time. It was a hard thing to see a population not dwindling, but rotting away in masses, at the root and the branch-its old age and its infancy blighted by one fell swoop of the Destroying A2gel, and yet to say and feel that such a destiny mnst be fulfilled before the material health of the country could be restored or its fature prosperity secured. But, hard though the saying and the thought may have been, they were true,-true so far as facts substantiate any human prediction. Lookto the result of that great and terrible infliction. Compare the Ireland of. 1846, 1847 1848, or of any number of preceding years, with the Ireland of 1855 and 1856. Does it seem lia- the same country? Do the people seeu like the same people? Is the agriculture the samet If the people's food the same? Are the conditions of the landlord and tenant, of the proprietor and the- labourer, the same ? Are not rents paid regularly without the intervention of the process-server, the pistol, and the sithe I Are not field labourers earning their ls. or ls. Wd. a-day instead of the ancient 4d. And do not the changes already effected augur othersn still to follow ? Has not land in Ixeland now becoae a regular money investment with the muiddle class Irish capitalist ? Anxd is he noF. investing his money in it with the ordinary coDncreial prospect of getting a profitable return lor his outlay by the only recognized mode of a'tccessfult spe-. culation-viz., improved husbandry Is not there so much employment for the labourer now that the - complaint no longeir is of a reduamicy, buit of an. insuficienoy of ]ands? AMe not th, oorhoses,so fatally thronged in 1846 and 1844, nowv coMP-n r3tively empty; alnd-notaRe sytuptoem-is n.ck. the i Qupation of the reetuitiiig osellnt, i.t c?W
COUBT CIRCULAB. .0 WI1TDSOR, MAnCE 29. The dinner party yesterday included His hMajesty the Eing of the Belgians, her Royal Highness the Dachess of 'Rent, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, the Belgian Mfinister, M. Van de Weyer, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, tady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Speth, Sir George Conper, -Colonel Williams, Commanding Officer 2d Life Guards, -Colonel de Moerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Dr. Rieken. The band of the Grenadier Guards played during dinner. The Queen's private band afterwards performed in the 'Catle the following selection:- Overture-" Emeline. Herold. GrandeFantaisie Originale Hongroise .. .. E. Itemlni. Selection-' In Conte Ory} . ROSi4i. His3MajestytheKingof the Belgians, attended by X. Van do Weyer (the Belgian Minister at the British Court), -Colonel de Moerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Dr. Rieken, left Windsor by a special train of the SoUth-Western Railway -at 25 minates before 10 o'clock this morning for London, -en roue to Brussels. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort accompanied his lajesty to the railway station, where a guard of honour of -the Grenadier Guards, -with the band of the regiment, was :stationed, and paid the usual hononrs to the King. Lord Dufferin, Lord in Waiting to Her Majesty, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, Equerry in Waiting to the Prince, attended Hishlajesty tofDover. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Royal and Princess Alice, drove out in an open carriage this afternoon, attended by Lady Macdonald, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, and Major-General Buckdey. There was no addition to the Royal dinner party. MLARCH 30. The Queen and Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princes Royal, Prince Alfred, Princess Alice, and the Duchess of Kent, the Ladies and Gentlemien of the Court -and the domestic household, attended Divine Service this ;morning in the chapel of the Castle. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. Viscount Palmerston arrived in town with Viscountess Palmerston on Saturday morning from his seat, Broadlands, -Hants. The Chancellor of the Exchequer arrived in London on .Saturday, to attend the Cabinet Council, from Harptoncourt, aington. Lord Panmure has returned to town from the north. The Marqais of lAnsdowne arrived in London on Satur. -day from Brighton.
BOBBEBY BY A OOVERNINENT CLERK. :PORTSMOUT1I. SATURDAY. A bold robbery of cash, the property of the Government .was effected in this town yesterday afternoon by a clerk on -the establishment of the Gun-wharf (or " War Department" .of this port), named George Joseph Nathaniel Charlier, a -young man, aged abour 25, who has been nine years in the 'department. It has been the custom for the Ordnance :storekeeper (Mr. Stewart) to draw a check on the branch 3ank of England weekly for the amount of wages to be -pid to the persons employed in the Gun-wharf and depen*aencies. This sum has sometimes been as small as 901., and seIdom exceeded 1501.; but once a quarter the salaries of .officers, pensions, and other calls are added, and these, on :the 28th inst., made the amount ordered to be paid 1,,301. Charlier, the absconded clerk, had the confidential duty -ever since he joined the Portsmouth establishment of drawing these sums from the bank; in fact, the check drawn was worded " Pay Mr. Charlier," &c., who was invariably attended by a confidential messenger named Sheppard with obags to contain and carry the cash from the bank to the Gnn-wharf. On Friday midday the two were sent as usual to the bank, but when opposite, Cha,rlier suddenly said to Sheppard, " Oh! Sheppard, run down to Nance's office, and tel them to send in their quarterly account to-day if losible"l to which the messenger replied, "Shall I come c to you at the bank?" "No,' said Charlier, "you nieedn't come all tho way back; you go round by the walls and meet me; if I'm therebefore you I'll waitforyou, and if you are there firstyou canvwaitfor me-' Suspectingnothing 'dishonest in this order of his superior, Sheppard went on his er-and and Charlier went into the bank, where he obtained for the check6001. in sovereigns, 301. in half-sovereigns, -201. in silver, and 4801. in notes (the numbers of which are all known and stopped), and made off. That he bad contemplated the robbery for some time is suspected from the fact of his having been to a hairdresser's in High-street, andasked him what would best disguise him-a subject he repeatedly recurred to, and about ten days ago he took away a formidable pair of whiskers and moustache of dark hair, which would certainly disguise him if wel adjusted, for he is a a3nall made young man of thin features and scmt stature. Eis family is very respectable, he is married, and has two children; his salary was190. per annum and a house rent free in the Gun-wharf, and he rankod as second-class clerk. He had with him a woman, formerly his servant, and who is now missing. The police, under Superintendent Leggatt, immediately started an pursuit of the delinquent, for whose apprehension the Government offer a reward of 1001. (By ELECT.PIC TELEGRArirL) SUN-DAY, 10 P.Mr. Mr. Superintendent Leggatt has a-rived by the SouthWetern train, just in, 'with the prionner Charlier, whom he captured dressed as a widowrin "weeds," and has lodged bins in Portsmouth Saol, teogether with the woman Jones, 'who was hiacompanson, and with whom he cohabited. They 'were taken in London this day, and upwards of 1,1001. was found upon the male prisoner. A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternioon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The 3linisters present were-Viscount Palmerston, the Iord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, Earl 4ranville, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, 3r. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Paniuire, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, and the Dtuke of ArgylL The Council sat three hours and a half.
a o X a L IJ S IO X - -I OF PE A CE. (BY SUBMAR[ E AND BRr!SH TELGRAJH) We have received the followling telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent "PARIS, SuNDAY, MARCo 30. "At half past 2 o'clock to-day the Prefect of Police had the following announcement placarded:- "' I CONGRESS OF PARIS, MARnoE 30. " 'Peace was rigned to-day, at 1 o'clock, at the Miniiry of Foreig Affairs. "'The Plenipotentiaries of France, of Austria, of Great Britain, of Prussia, of Russia, of Sardiuia, and of Turkely affixed their signatures to the treaty which puts an end to the present war, and which, in settling the Eastern question, places the peace of Europe upon a firm and durable basis. "'PIETRI, Prefect of Police."' The Manileur of yesterday publishes the following -4- " The Emperor has sent General Ney, his Aide- de-Camp, to LIord Clarendon, to Count Cavour, and' to Count Orloff to express his thanks for the salvos of artillery and illuminations by which the birth of the Prince Imperial was celebrated in the Crimea."
THE OVERLAND ML. INDIA AND CIINA. (BY SUB:AR.NM AND BRIISH TELGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from Trieste:- " TRIESTE, SATIUJDAY, MARCH 29. "The steamer Bombay arrived this morning at 145 a.m., in 139 hours from Alexandria, which port she left on the 23d of March. " The lndian and China mails were to leave Alexandria on the 24th of March, with advices from Calcutta of the 23d of February; Bombay, the 6th of March; Hongkong, the 15th of February; Shanghai, the 7th of February; and Canton, the 13th of February. " The annexation of Oude had been completed. without disturbance. " Lord Canning reached Calcutta on the 29th of February, and was sworn in as Governor-General on the 1st of March. " Lord Dalhousie was to have left Calcutta for Suez on the 6th of March. "The Santal districts are quiet for the present. "From the scantiness of rain a scarcity is apprehended throughout India. " At Bombay trade has improved. The moneymarket was easier. "At Calcutta trade was inanimate. "Indigo has been steadily maintained. "The import-market has improved. "Exchange at Calcutta., 2s. 21d.; at Bombay, 2s. 241d. " The revenue and expenditure of Hlongkong show a surplus. "The insurrection in China is subsiding. "Exchange at Canton, 5S.; at Shanghai, 6s. 7Ad. "The Alhambra, with the Marseilles mail, had not arrived at Alexandria."
WEST COAST RF AFRICA. o- _ (BY EIOTRIC TR.EaG.ArE.) PORTSMOUTIH, SUNDAY NImHT. Her majesty's steam vezsel Antelope, Lieutenant C. A. Young, arrirve at Spithead to-night from the West Coast of Africa -with a mail; she left Sierra Leone on the 23d of February and touched at Goree and Teneriffe. She brings home volunteers for the Baltic fleet from the African squadron; also 15 distressed seamen from the bark Columbus, condemned at Teneriffe. The squadron for the suppression of the slave trade on the Coast of Africa, when she left, was distributed as follows - Commodore Adams, in the Salamander steamsloop, left for Ascension on the 20th nIt. The Linnet and the Plumper were off the River Congo. The Dolphin was at Kabenda. The EIecate, the Childers and the Bloodhound were in the Bights of Benin; the Philomel was at the Banana Islands; the Teazer was off the iver Pongos; the Myrmidon was at Mfonrovia; the Aleeto was at Cape Coast Castle; and the Minx was expected at Sierra Leone from Ascension. The coast is very healthy. The Antelope has been in commission since the 24th of February, 1852, but has taken no prize since she has been cruising. She will now be paid off.
THE PEA CB. At 10 o'clock last night a Royal salute was fired both at the Hlorse Guards and the Tower in honour of the conclusion of a treaty of peace, the news of which had been received from Paris by the Government in the course of the day. At the first booming of the guns from the Horse Guards crowds of people, to whom this was the first signal of the event, tuimned out into the streets to receive a confimation of their anticipations, and the joy which the intelligence inspired was manifest and general. Every avenue to the esplanade behind the Hforse Guards and the Mall was thronged by an eager concourse of persons desirous of participating in the rejoicing, but it wasonly those who at that hour approached by the Duke of York's column that were able to obtain admission; others who were excluded lingered about in great numbers in front of the Horse Guards, along Whitehall, at Charing-cross, and in Pall-mall, till after 11 o'clock. The bells of St. Martin's Church, St. Bride's, and several of the city churches, also rang a series of merry peals, in celebration of the joyous occasion, at intervals until midnight.
THE OiMiEAw BOARD OF I2QumY.-The hesitation with which we announced the reported opening of this inquiry on Saturday last was justified by the event, and the date of the commencement of the proceedings is still uncertain, although this day (Monday) is mentioned. CHSS BY ELECTRIc TETEGRAPH.-The first chess match played by electric telegraph took place on Friday night between the Manchester and Liverpool clubs. After a contest lasting eight hours, the Manchester gentlemen proposed "a draw" at the 24th move, which was accepted y the Liverpool club. The Rev. Henry Melvill is stated to have resigned the Golden Lectureshiu in consequence of having receivatt the appointment of Canon of St. Paul's. Dr. croly and Mr. Molyneux, of the Lock Chapel, are among the coadidates for the lectureship. GmiNmu WmLIAS.-A letter from the Crimea, dated March 12, states that a staff-surgeon has bee-a ordered to proceed forthwith to Trebizonde, and thence tk THiBs, tv, attend Bnigader-General Willia2u3, the defender of l;ars. hlr. Bucliley has been appointed hy Sir John Ball to 'accompany t ,e slgeon as his asVstant. Shoula these ieJtlemxen rea, ~is in safety, it is~ probable (adds the .etter) that they 'will return dji-J to £ng'.aud with leneral WiUi~, .
, SECOND EDITION. I- TE TIH ESOFFICE, MonayMorni&y.; -T HE PEACE. (From the Londoo Gazette Extraordinary.) FOREIGH-OFFICE, MARCH 31, 1856. A despatch has been this morning received from the Earl of Clarendon, Her Majesty'a Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, dated Paris, March 30, announcing the Signature of Peace at 2 o'clock on that day, at the Foreign-offlce, in Paris. The Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, of Austria, of France, of Prussia, of Russia, of Sardinia, and of Turkey, have affixed their signatures to! the Treaty which puts an end to the war; and which, while definitively settling the Eastern question, establishes the tranquillity of Europe on solid and durable bases. The exchange of the ratifications will takeplaceat Paris in four weeks, or sooner if possible; until that time the stipulations of the Treaty caunot be made public. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of ourParis correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- The great question that has kept all Europe in suspense for weeks past is at last resolved. The treaty of peace with Russia was signed between 1 and 2 o'clock this day, at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The guns of the Invalides have announced the fact to the population of Paris, and before the hour at which I am now writingthe tidings will have been borne on the electric wires to the remotest part of the French territory. I telegraphed to you at midday that within an hour or two peace would be signed; and again when the intelligence was communicated in a supplement to the M, oniteur. A Council of Ministers was held at the Tuileries at half-past 11 o'clock, and remained sitting till a quarter-past 12. The Emperor presided, and gave his last instructions, and Count Walewski returned to his official residence to receive the Plenipotentiaries. They appeared in full uniform, and wore all their orders and decorations. They assembled in the Salle des Conafrenes before half-past 12, and after the treaty was read over proceeded to sign it in the same alphabetical order in which they have been wont to take their places during the Conferences. Crowds of people had been out from an early hour, as it was known that something important was to occur, and numerous groups of spectators gathered on the quays opposite and close to the Foreign-office to see the Plenipotentiaries enter and issue from it. These were received, both o'nL going and returning,fwith marks of great respect from the people. Everything took place as Ihad mentioned. The moment the signatures were completed, the expected signal was given, and the cannon from the Esplanade of the Invalides proclaimed the news before the Plenipotentiaries had quitted the hall. Soon after the following notice was posted up on the walls of Paris "CONGRESS OF PARIS, MlI;cH 30, 1856. "Peace hAs been signed this day at 1 o'clock, at the Minstry of Foreign Affairs. " ThePlenipotentiarie3 of France, Austria, GretBEritain, Prussia, Russia, Sardinia, and Turkey, have afxed their signatures to the Treaty which puts an end to the present war, and which, by settling the question of the East, establishes the repose of Europe on solid and durable bases." The notice was signed by the Prefect of Police, and, I need hardly say, was read by thousands with intense curiosity, and with great satisfaction. Soon after appeared a supplement to the Honiteur, containing the same announcement. The effect produced is of course all that could be imagined, and the feeling would very probably have been much more strongly expressed, were it not that for two or three days past the conclusion was confidently expected for this day. The weather is fine, the sky serene, the sun warm and undimmed, and all the thoroughfares are thronged with people. Already preparations are made for the illuminations of to-night, which, it is expected, will rival the display on the birth of the Imperial Prince. I may not omit the coincidence that Countess Walewski, wife of the Minister for Foreign Affairs and President of the Congress, was delivered of a girl this morning at 9 o'clock, only three or four hours before her husband affixed his signature to the treaty of peace. ThePlenipotentiaries will continue to meet during the present week, as before, for the settlement of other matters, not of a light or unimportant character, which have not yet been settled. They and the resident members of the diplomatic corps dine, in full uniform, with the M1inister of Foreign Affairs to-morrow. The treaty wil not be made public until the exchange of ratifications, and as Constantinople and St. Petersburg are distant from Paris, the Plenipotentiaries remain still bound by their obligation of silence for two or three weeks to ><me. The so-much-discussed treaty of peace, then, is aignedat last,andsignedonthe anniversary of agreat event. On this day 42 years was fought the battle of Paris, the last act of the great drama of which Europe was the theatre; and on the following day the Russians entered the capital, and dictated terms of peace where now their Ambassadors supplicated it. In that tremendous struggle between the mighty conqueror and his foes, which was watched with intense anxiety by thousands and thousands, through the volumes of smoke which were rolling round the heights of Montmartre, the allies lost not less than 9,000 men before they could master even the remnant of the force that still fought in the cause of their idoL On the following day, which many still remember as cold, sombre, and cheerless, the allies entered Paris. That France is now able to dictate, in concert with her allies, peace to Russia may be considered as full satisfaction for the past, and I am not quite sure that it is not by design that the 30th of March vwas selected for the occasion. These and other circumstances of coincidence ares as is the custom, dwelt on with much interest. Orders have been sent to the transpQrt squadron at Toulon to be ready to proceed to the Black Sea to bring home the troops. At the review, which is to be held on Tuesiay, places will be reserved for such of the diplomatic corps as do notwish to follow the Emperor onlhorse. back. I alluded some time since to an idea long imiliar to the Emperor, of a Congress. in Paris cn the general state of Europe,, with a view to cerhin modifications. The real o3ect, perhaps, is ts efface in some measure the Congress of Vienna. I believe it has been communicated to the English Governnet, but has been coldly received. The Maperor's ienam city iD. such matters is well known, aAd though the plan may be postponed, I doubt whether it is entire'y abandoned. Another Congress is soken of wUth another object, but on this I must niot say r7nything at present; all will come in good time. I mentioned in a recent letter that among other facts reported to me relative to the proceedings of the Congress, a clause favourable to Sardinia vas~ or would b;, inserted in the protocols. This elus3, if I may credit my informant, has reference to the commercial interests of Piedmont in c6nnenim with the Danube. Count Caour is said to he vxpos,d, in an aflimated and forcible address, the claimr of his Governmen, to participate in the advantages accruing from the.throping. open the mouths and freeing the-navigation of that river. He demanded, it is said, that Sardinian vessels should- at- entering or quitting, at ascending or descending, the Danub9 suffer no impediments unnecessary of any kind. Count Buol is described3shavingofferedsomeopposition to the denmand of the Sardinian Govern3ment for those immunities, wlhich *ere also supported by the Marquis'de Villa Marina, the resident Sardinian Minister in Paris. They were favouiably - viewed by England and France, and even by Russia, who does not omit any opportunity of showing her resentment to her former friend. 'The conclusion of the discussion was, therefore, favourable to Sardinia. This, I. believe, occurred at the close of the last, or the beginning of the present week ' But another and more serious topic was, 1 am told, subsequently brought forward by the Sardinian Plenipotentiary, namely, the state of Italy. M. Cavour drew the attention of the Congress to the present condition of ' that country. Ee entered into details, dwelt on the danger of leaving so important a question undecided, and declared that the Congress ought not to separate without coming to some decision on the question. Count Buol expressed his surprise that such a subject shouldbe brought before Plenipotentiaries assembled in Congress on the Eastern question, and not on the Italian, and maintained that it was not within their attributions. Count Cavour disputed that opinion; he denied that the question was less Italian than European, and that, as they were there met on matters relating zo the general interest and welfare of Europe at large, Italy was a perfectly legitimate subject for their consideration. He declared that, if something was not now done, another Congress would have to assemble soon again. Count Buol disputed the right of Count Cavour to speak in the 3Ame of Italy; he (Count Cavour) was in Paris simply as the Plenipotentiary of the Piedmontese Government, and he had no authority to speak in the name of the Pope, the King of Naples, oi the Grand Duke of Tuscany. - Count Cavour replied, that he was there as an Italian, and that his right to speak for Italy was not less than that assumed by Count Buol, who spoke throughout in the name of Germany, whereas Austria was but a single member of the Confederation. Count Buol denied the analogy sought to be established between the two countries; the States of Italy had no resemblance to the Germanic Confederation; Austria was the most important member of that Confederation-as such she presided at the Diet, and therefore wherever Germanic interests were discussed, the Plenipotentiary of Austria was perfectly entitled, where no other Germanic representative was present, to speak in the name of the whole; but such was not the case with Sardinia. With respect to the occupation of part of Italy by foreign troops, which, he presumed, was one of the grievances, it hardly becme the Congress to discuss that point, seeing that one of the first effects of the resolution adopted by the Congress would be the occupation of part of the Sultan!s dominions by French, English, and, if need be, by Sardinian troops. HEe again questioned the propriety of introducing a topic with which in no wise the present Congress had anything to do. Count Cavour said that the object for which the allied troops were to occupy the Sultan's dominions was -very diHferent from the occupation of Italy by foreign troops. The allies had made war in defence of the independence and integrity of Tark-ey, that independence and integrity having been endangered by Russia. The situation of Turkey as it was, and the peculiar condition of the subjects of the Suitans, were among the causes of that danger. The obligation imposed on the allies was to protect the Porte not merely from immediate but from future peril, and the way to do so was by the removal of the cau, - which led to it. The.allies were not only bound- to aid Turkey in her resistance to Russia, but also to aid her in preventing the recurrence of aggLression. This prevention. was by - means of the reformEs in the internal administration of the country, which the Ottonlan Government had resolved on adopting; amd the occupatioii of Turkey by the troops of the Powcrs in aliance with her- was only -with the view, of enabling the Sultan to carry out these reforms. The Italian occupation was for a different object; it was for the protection of Governments w ho refused to introduce any reforms. M. Cavour also denied that the introduction of the Italian question was inopportune, or that it took the Congress by surprise. The observations which, he contended, he had a right to make, were nothing more than the development of a memoranda which had been drawn up by the Sardinian Government, at the request of the Emperor Napoleon, and presented to Mis Majesty. He made some further observations in the same sense, and again entreated the Congress to take the question into consideration, as if they did not, he feared that before two years passed away, the Italian question would force itself on the attention of Europe. The proceedings of the Congress have been generally kept so carefully secret that no one will be expected to vouch for any statement of what passed. Nevertheless, my information comes from so respectable a source, that I think I may venture to say that if not the exact words as those related were spoken by the parties, something of the kind took place, and I believe that, at allJ events, the substance of the report is exact. I cannot say whether the disciusion on Italy wil be found to occupy a place - in the minutes of 'the sittings. It is said, that the animated conversation which took place on the- admission of the Prussian Plenipotentiaries on Saturday, and which occasioned so unpleasant an interruption to the Conferences, Will, by common consent be also omitted. No resolution probably has been come to by the Congress on the question brought forward by Count Cavour, and T am unable to say whether it will be one of those which still remain to be settled by the Plenipotentiaries after the signing of the treaty of peaee. The memorandum said to have been aluded to by Count Cavour was. asked by the Emperor frmthe Kiing of Sardinia the day before the departre of the latter from Pars on his return to his own States, and it was the result of several conversations between the two Sovereigns on the affairs of MItaly. The troops about to be embarked& for Algeria are. drawn from the army of Lyons. A lettar from MarseillesN of the 29th inst., states that they were hourly expected there, and that they wouldx immediately take passage on board the Empress, Fiance> Jacques Arago, and. several other laxge, steseera, lying in th eport of La Joliette. A. detachment of 300 engineers, and another of the 68th Regiment of the line, both on their way to AL-ria, had aleady arrived at Marseilles. The Moniteur publislzu the returns of the corr. tradein the different maskets of France, from wihrSh it appears that, during the last week of February and the first fortnight oa iarch, the average price ,f the hectolitre of wheat was 28f. 68c. at Toulouse,' Gray, Lyons, and Marseilles; 29f. 72c. at Marans and Bordeaux; 29f. 90c. at St. Laurent and 'Le Grand Lempa ; 28f. 1Oe. at Mulhouse andI Strasburg ; 31f. 85c. at Bergues,. Arras, Ro-ye, Soissons, Paris, and Rouen ; 28f. 54c,. at Saumur and Nantes; 29f. Wc. at Met,, Verdun, and *Oharleville; and 28f. 47c. at St. Lo, Paimpol, Quimper, and Hennebon. Tb:e lowest price of the hectolitre in the second week -of March was 26f. 50o.- at. Gray, and the highest 33, 6c. at Bdrgues. A. letter from- 'ard,of tihe 2%$h instant, an. nounces that the Board of Directors of the Spanisr Cr6dit Mobilier Company was conrposed as followa: M2essrs. Jose Luis Abarca, Ernest Aa,r4 Alexandre jBido, Carlos MIanuel Calderon, Eugmne Duclera, JBegnbit Fould,.Comit._.de.orny,jthe Thzke of Albn I and Berwick, Ignacio Olea, the, Duke deo Rivas, Emile and Isaas -Pereire, Enrique O'Shea,' and Josa de Osna. Those apoEitments are made fdr five. years, bt will have to be. ratified by the aharsholders at their #rst general meeting. The Board .will elect its:PresidentcViice.President. The rt- ter adds thatM Isaac Periere inagurated lis ar; rival at Madrid by causigabundant alms to be dS tributed among 1he inair evpoor' eery parish of' that capital on Good Friday. THE 3fFDITE 1WA-Ww (FBOX OUB OWNr CORRYS IPONDBNr 3UAS?IUEES . &GB 29. Travellers from the-East wilTbar withp?eawure that the French Government hat commaned that the practice of sending invalid soRlers by the mail steam packets from Constantinopie- to -arseilles shall be discontinued. The Sina}e which awrived this morning with the Criean mailkofthe IS8tT and those from Constantinopler of the- 20th jiist. - was immediately admitted topratique. 'General wVian and Colonel Wetherall, who- arrived Eere- fromi the East by the Gange on Wednesday luht,. ufierec the inconvenience of being sent-withIthe-ship,to the quarantine station at the Frioul, iniconsequenceof two of the passengers having fallen ill on the-voy^- age. They were not, however, lbng detained;L When: the sick were conveyed to the hospitat audi theGange was fumigated all the passengers were- permitted to land. Two medical inspectors arrivedi here from Paris a few days since;with-instructions, it is said, to modify the sanitary'regulations if expedient. As allthe precautions adopte& bythe-board of health have been approved by: the medical. inspectors, it is supposed that no further relaxation will be permitted. Two steamersj. -which, arrived from Kamiesch with invalid soldiers -within'the last few days, were commanded to land the worst.cases. at the Frioul, and to proceed with the remainder, one to Port Vendres, and the other to Cette. TheMinister of Marine is said to disapprove of, the transport of invalid soldiers in ships of war;. in consequence of the number of seamen who- have fallen victims to the Crimean fever, and;to recorn, mend that a number of hospital ships shall be fitted up for bringing home the sick soldiers- from the East. Fever declared itself among theo crew of the steam corvette San6, which brought Aali Pasha to Marseilles. The Sane was placed in quarantine- at Toulon, and 40 of her crew died there. The mortality has been sogreat among the crew of the-steam frigate Andromaque, which left Marseilles-some time since with stores for the army in the Crimea3 that it was found necessary to send a number of fresh hands from Toulon to join her at Mlessina. Sbarcely any of the British steamers chartered by the French Government, which arrive here with, invalids from the Crimea, but have more or less of their crews sick of fever. The sailing transport -Kossuth, which arrived from Kamiesch some days since, wasforced to land six of her crew at the Quarantine Hospital in the FriouL Fortunately the disease has not spread much in the town, and altogetherthe sanitary condition of the place is better than. it was. Troops for foreign service are again beginning to arrive at Maseilles. A detachment of the gendar-- merie of the Imperial Guard and a company of the 71st Regiment of Infantry reached yesterday.. The captains of the few steamers in the port of the Joliette, chartered by the French Government, have received orders to prepare to embark troops for Algeria. There are few towns in France in which so many local improvemcnts ar being carried into execution as Marseilles. Among.i he public buildings in process of construction, I may -mention an -Imperial palace in honour of Louis Napoleon-a cathedralan exchange. A new boulevard is being opened in front of the port- of the Joliette, which.will command a fine view of the Mediterranean., and!will be from its extent and position one of the most splendid promenades in France. It is further contemplatedto construct a gigantic breakwateron the planiof-that at Cherbourg, for the protection of the port and shipping at Marseilles against an enemy's fleet.. - The corn-market has been particularly qpiet this week. Purchasers are few, and holders. of grain are unwilling to reduce their prices. A letter from Toulon, dated this morning, announces that the captains of the ships-of, war in that port have received orders to hold -themselves in readiness to sail at a moment's notice. ATISTRIA. (FRom O1R owV:o coarEro.sNDr,); VIENNIA, lWacH 27. A semi-official article in the Wiene-- Zefitng of this morning fully confirms information mecently received from me relative to the Synodwhich is to meet in this city in the course of next month. The Austrian pub]ie is told that there ,canube no questionof a conflict between Church;andjState. The assembly of bishops wiIl not have the -character of a " National Council," and the Cf.dinal Pronuncio Viale Preli- will naturally preside over it as it will be his duty to communicate to the church dignitaries the intentions and wishes of Ris Holiness the Pope. " However," continues the Wiener l-Zeifang, " thereare various matters on which the bishops will berequired to give information, andu explanation tcv the Imperial Government, and ithasu-been arranged between the Papal Chair and;His Miijsty that when,ever such is the case, their Etainencei the Cardinals of Prague, Gran, and Vienna shall preside over tie episcopalassembly." You some days duacelearnedfrom me that both Church and State werrlikely to make, concessions, and it is evident. fem the foregGing that they have already done * so.. The Pope convokes the Bishops, and his,representative openwhe Assembly, but Austrianz subjects,ave to preside ever it whene7er its memlSers have- to discuss mntters which cocern the State as.well as the Churchi. A circumstance which recently- occurred inst one of the, principal towns of. Styi proves that the clergy are resolved(. to stretvh-the authorit'given them. by the: Con cordat t to. the very utmct: in the pcovinc es -the ple are su.tziod to receis-e some preparatory reliaous istruckion before they go to confess at Eas*r,. bu lie!majority of t3e. higherand middle classs are ae.ustomed to settlu4he mat. ter, with the pwish,cl!r]-, who, for a: confi4eration, ca generally m anage-to procure a certBicate'that -the necessary ainunit of rzeigious instrsietion lia. been receive(. Owe. of ithe elders oSi the tosvn above aludeato. haI> alwlsys obtaineda his certifte. I from the pr tbintelf and he a weelkor two.sipce. sent as usid to- etch it. The Concoijat,ha,however, roused b the zeal o£ his reverencz,, and munihi to. his astonishlent the itizen was tgld that iE he wanted. a. certificate he must cons and fetch. it. A seond apgication, by m;e enger,. to the priest was made, ba t he seemed 2zs.solved towAhe. up for his former laxity, and sentuack -wod) that. he would have the impenitent Ckistian ethea bsr a gensdarme if he did not appew --without loss oi time. The citizen, who is a man ekofte in tlha place, wont at once to the priest, but i.%as only- to inform him that he need not trouble )ImJself "about the gensdarme," as he and his family had. re.iooved to secede from the Roman C atbolic Church. Not long simCr the wife of an Awstrian captain died at l;is, b at the clergy refused to permit her to be burido in the family vault, bemuse she was a Protes±anat. 'Yvr one foresees t4at the newly-acquired ,power of Vie FMt very few peoma think; of the possible polit1c A coTMquences of the Concordat. Wehave repeatedly read ihb the French, German, and Italian papers that o a;e of the members of Napoleon's family is about to bamnominated Cardinal, and theret'is no reason for' i do;btin'g Oa coiTr6eies-io t1he news.With such ai Concordat, -what would be the position of Austria 'f the French Vardinalhoui_eyerarit- on the Papal throne Y The Oesteirve ic Corre 7sbas received the ftoowing despax ikmn Ode s- A'fortnnately tWsrv2es of t%e- 1owtal-typhus- cntiunt& atd many zoleV.fts ad physiuaest lwmi-been carried off bYthwdisease.- Among- The victim-ame--he'iarautina Physic9Av Apai a 3 a in -Engelhxtdt: lemalady i* .jid to -eelwitstiL1 gre ra>'gse at >holainYdiuf,thw Germawikolbnf, but tho aertvo thaP ietwtiiearmylon.s 340W?men a day is ptrwps an eag-etion. *gle islttry autbhoittsmake great e xtionwto-pat aa endl t&the-conqgion by prog=wi ore roquxes andl remcth h0lie qtals, but tbeir measures -ewnot attended with -.y g*ttswess Of'3!0D e6ic men -vro wertmtransported' to t 'pllSe from 4§&giko0 20 diod'onth-m%4 andmooe-th in-5- afte.rtheir fivetv a .- On di'e ' lWtl Colonel Tiirr leached ';6rfa. He was accompamie 'by an A%arizi GuarZJ -vho &iTered hfiaIinxit b tfi h an &-t,of, t British - au th OM- ties. Som o aftrb Iis arriv31 thr- Colo:ieE left foir Constantimplepb%. EI Tue,-3dAy;.BonF&ort-'Rouen. delivered i-t6 theL-lHnds oft:'9i546erorSth- official document aaftotmeing the tltht,f an Jei2sto -the, French thromem TeuBEaron. w9&inTv_d to fine-wit, the Emperor-yestdrcTsy. The OiirremcyPonferences wre continued,,- Tlie. statuths of' tbt Elizath ' or :lenna-Linz-Sab ailroacre cntained in -the! Wiener Zeitung,.-tpday, but 70u 'have long been ~s possession of atl nform1t;4n1ia.t is necessary enz such a zubjecti.:- TflMBALTIC M We read in the-f-Up-dance B'ge, under ditRnmburg, 26th ini.-. "-The English Vandisqiadron, oemm%ndedby Comla -mander Watson, consistsa.ca present 'offour corvettes of 6 gns each; four frigates, tw-af -1 gan *-o.eaof 34, and tho otherof2l; andtwolinerathxjCsr, ei9ltguns,znd ths Ma.estic, of 81,-in all, lteaen ships. Tie officers of the squadron, who viited H:arabrg durih4-- its stay at Kiel, -sttdithat it would soon bejohoed by 3.4 other sips fronm Englamd. After thejuctic,f the lwa * tbe squ&aron i: to awome the name cfaflb* of -o. bemation, and a RearAdmniral is to be snmt to comsma ni-it. The navi. -atiomin the Ealtic is still etrasmely damli grous. The English sqpadron, which, aftet- -aeting al the ilndu o£ Momn; bad taden advantage oflalfew spdn gAays to proceed to the eoast of Coirland, va, obliged br.the return of frosi to, withdraw and steer fe! is forTcAr stion at Faro-. sunds near the island of Gothland. Ae communication0 be'tween. tbe coasts of Sweden ad Finln da the Gulf of 3Bt1ana,. continues to take placa on the c e., The Gulf oE Flinuladas also become umnavipble sinc' :tliast 10 days. Vesaela- oannot reach the port oft Boldea v and. aritime tansactions are completely suspended at R %-1,- This state of things-may last, in consequenom of tirh 'serity of fae frost, untilthe close of April, afte whick' it wilLtDquira at least aDrtnight for the ice to dieAar alt -ogsherin the two- glis. During that perioathen gationi s a-dangurous thatno vesselventures to put to sea. Imay e4 s-seentIy bh expected that the English squadrciwiMl quiE tly remain at Farosand:until all danger is over. I nformef I yOR, in. one ofr my last letters, that Count de Xiemnanne ge,gad beem elected.by the inhabitants of the CG n dcic] iy of, LaJenburg.meober of the Supreme Councilsttting at CcDagoah, in.the IroNamf Count de Reventlow-9xminll, fc' rer -3inis ter,,w'o declined accepting that misdn. IheveheArd; to-- day that M de Xielmannseggge has foRow-ed the e-ample of his predecessor. In the present state oipublic:opi nicn.iSt ill beaextrely difficult, if not impossible,to find iii the4ducxcya man of.some political weightwho WJeDonsent ftoxrareseasb. the country in the Grand Council of theMonarc1iy.4-' Ai RICAA. ;BY ELECTRIC TEIXGUAPE).- LIVERPOOL, lanrkDAY MoY zu. The R3ryal Mfail steamer Afric from New Yrdrk has been. telegraphed off Holyhend:. She signeJeli- - tbe-folloivng:- "No.,ihtelligence of the Pacific - DATH OF JUDGE TORRES.- (BY ELECTRIC TELEG3MD ). DUBLIN, Mo-,m&x l O'OLoar.c- ITtelEignce lias just reached of the-death of -1,ri - Justice Tor:ens. He expired on tairday eve; ng. . in ljondondenqy. =UMCfIR TEEGPLAPHIC EI3PA5O EXL-C. (FROMi: oult owli conumsro-DEaTs.) SOUTEHIAMPTON, osu-NVAy xotmcND Arrived-Aflince, steamer, from Hvre; Le Goq, f5anx Cherbourgi; ,arxana, from London. Sailed.--Devonshire, steamer, for Iondon; Mrechsans Ownx,ad:' Abutus, for Newport; Ann- lizetb- foe. Harwi:h. LIVER-POOL, MOIIcA-r, xMsir . Winfds- Arived.-Suninel Watts, from New, Oreas;; Alhie- j from xlalerm,o Sailed.-Pestorita and Trinidad _Primera-for I lavawah CapricornfiftE-RIngen. WindEl A-rived.&-Esh ant, Aurora, fromi A,Jelau dria ;. Janm Goodyear, fr'n Szayna. (DTa-SlUBnU&RN73 AND Binrrisa . GEAI'HA GRAVESEND, oW&7r-, 9.4T; . S.; tide two hours and weaseb; ather Vinds.L4aseb 1 A:rrivea, 314rch 30.-City of Rottczdhm, -from tkirk. Arrived March 31-Miss Nigghtag*, fromnRouen; Riavensbourne, steamer, fromx Aatwer3,; Fye noordi steamer,, from Rotterdam; City of Hambwrg t.om l-Amburg; t-hames, steer fiom ditto. Wind(;.- light, nd fine. - Passo.-Chasoley, from Calcuttr,!ir.1ondouza Sail&--Dominica, for Aberdeet. , SOCK EXTEv E. Consla for1Jltosey ... ... 92-to. 93 ConxQlSfedr.count (April IQ) ... 93 to. 93j
THE BIITISF ARMY IN THE CRINA. IFRO2 OUR OWN COTtRr)qwfll,p % OAbXP BEFORE SEBASTOFOI, MONDAY, MARCIH 17. On Saturday afternoon orders were issued for the First, Second, and Fourth Divisions to parade complete, with their artillery, sappers, and land ttansport, at 80o'clocl; yesterday morning. A sort of snilitary piCniC was intended. The troops took-with -them their rations ready cooked, also wood for fuel. 3:t was proposed to light fires, boil coffee or tea, and mske a meal bivouac fashion. Then there were to be review, inspection, and field movements, and the troops were to be back in camp before dark. Boreas interfered and upset General Codrington's calculations. It blew sharply from the north on Friday at Traktir-bridge; on Saturday the wind was still from the same quarter, and yeserday it whistled and piped and growled with increased earnestness. It was severe work turning out at 5 or 6 in the morning, as all were obliged to do in order to be on the general parade at the time appointed. The three divisions, mustering from 18,000 to 20,000 men, were marched off to the hIeights between Iarani and the Coavent of St. George. But it was soon discovered that it would never do to pass the day there. The exposition was bleakc, much more so even than that of the camp, anld incessant e2cercise hardly sufliced to. maintain the circulation .So the prOgramme was changed, or rather abandoned. o fires .were lighted, a luncheon was made off cold rations, the troops marclied past General Codrington, and Ieturned to camp at 1 o'clock. Had the weather been mild and genial; as- it- Was during the early part of last week, the little expedition would have been pleasant I enough. As it was, its principal object was fulfilled, this being to see how the troop,; and especily the mewly-organized Land Transport, would turn ont at -hort ;notice. The Transport had been bard-worked all the week, and it must have been sharp work for them-to get everything cleaned and to turn out in a creditable mnner. This they, nevertheless, did; and, considering the short time that has elapsed since their new organization commenced, the bad quality of a large portion of their animals, and the inexpentence of many of their men, who are recent draughts *from infantry regirnentsj knoving but little of carts, males, horses,harness,&c.; the good appearance they mide was really surprising. The best turned out Tegiment'was that attached to the Fourth Division of the army, and Afajor Dick, who has commanded it firom its formation, was complimented by the General in Chief and by other superior officers on the efficient state of his corps. The troops of all aus tumed out extremely well, and I understand that General Codrington was highly satisfied with the appearance of this moiety of his army. The -arade was commanded by General Barnard. On Friday General Eyre reviewed the Third Division. These reviews are excellent practice for the men, and as the weather improves it will be very desirable to have them frequently; but there are not a few persons here who think that another daythan Sunday mig,ht be selected. The large infantry review held some time ago was not ntil afternoon, so that there wias time for a curtailed church service before the men were required to get themselves ready; but yesterday there of course was no service of asy kind for the Third Division, which turned out soon after daybreak. 'There 3s no manifest reason for holding reviews on Sunday when the men have so little to do on othier days. Sunday is looked upon as a sort of holyday by the British soldier, and, although he certainly does not always make the best use of his leisure, the general feeling seems to be that it ought to be left to him. Colonel M'M-urdo is daily expected out here to take the command of the Land Transport Corps, vacated by Colonel Vetheralrs departure. There is to be no change in the system lately introduced, but Colonel M'hurdo -wil continue to carry it out. It is understood here that if peace be made the corDs will be considerably reduced, and that many officers who have been promoted into it- from the Line, to act temporarily with a grade above that they held in their regiments, will return to their former station. The best plan would be to send that part of the corps which is to be retained home to BEngland, there to be properly and regularly organized, the men drilled, the animals thoroughly broken in, and the officers to learn their duty, in which many of them are mere tiros. When this had been done, and the Transport Corps had become as efficient a body as any other part of the army, it might Be sent on colonial service; but a good dep't should always be xetainedin England, asR a nucleus for a large force in case of war. The corps should be providled with strong hardy horses and mules. At present it is deficient in ths respect, although a large number of very fine mules have been landed and distributed within the last two or three weeks. But it has still a number of ponies, of small power or use, and a great many sick animals. There is a great deal of herpes among them, and some are so completely denuded of hair that their colour is not -to be distingished; and storibs are t old of ludicrous mnistakes made, ireturns,s il 'which animals were put down as gray which, on regaining somewhat of* a coat, proved to be black, of chestnuts which turned oat to be brown, and 3o on The prevalence of skin disease is attributable in -reat merssere to the heating qualities of the barley on which they are h1ere habitually fed. The Sardinian army, concerning whose efficient condition I[ recently wote in terms of well-deserved praise, was, Iam assured on excellent aauthority, in avery different state at the commencement of its gallant struggle with the hosts of Austria. Its system and administration were as vicious as ours were proved to be at the beginning of the present -ar, and many disadvantages and disasters were the consequence. Vigorous and effectual means were adopted to amend the faults and improve the system, and the result we now behold. There certainly seems little probability of the Sardinians relapsing into former errors; their military intitutions are too firmly fixed on sound and healthy bases. It is to be hoped that when we shal have :repaired alJ our shortcomings the improvement will be eq'ually durable, that we shall not again sink into the evils of rolutine, and that no exaggerated reductions and mistaken economy will agaiA cripple oar resources at the commerncement of a future wa, and place us, though only for a momnent, in a positfion unworthy of a great and powerful dnation. We might safely take the Sardinians as our modeL I could hardly say too much in their praise, and I am certain that anything I have said *Would be- fully confimed by those of our offirers *-ho have made themselves fully acquainted with tgir military system and arrangements. A com- iisoof English officr ha&Lrecently been.engaged. in inspecting anda investia'ating the hutting and en-. -can~pmuen of the three aliEed armiee in the Crimea, and I know that- its members have expresse in the strongestterms their admiration of the Sardinian -corps Xaermne. St. Patrick's-day is bleak indeed in the Crimea. 'The sun is bright and the atmosphere clear, and the snowy peak of Tchatir Dagh rears itself in dazzling distinctness above the Inkermann range. But it blows a fierce gale from the north-east, and the biting 'blast sweeps over our exposed plateau, freezing the very marrow of the sentries as they Siee impatiently to and fro, with coat collars turned up and- fur caps well tied over ther ears, endeavouriginvain to maintain circulation in their chilled extremities. The wind wras tremendous last night, and-theliuts rocked again. Of course the post, due -this mornIng, is not yet in. It is expected with eren more than usual impatience, for there is a strong report incampthattheRussans hlve keceived intelligence of the conclusion of peace, that they have communicated it to the chiefs W lhe allied arnies, but that these de,ay publishinog it untia they shall themselves ha-ve got information of it from their Government. The races, which were at one time fixed for to-cay, 'will oome off on -Monday next, weather permitting. A considerable uumberof horses are entered, and a brilliant meeting is expected. Application is to be made to head-quarters for permission to have the race-ground on the banks of the Tchernaya. If thi be ~ited, the speckacle willbe curious and. intereg; for, doubtless, our Muscovite neighhours wil7 flocka down to witness the running, and, indeed, it would be but neighbourly politeresA to send them an intimation of the coming event. MAioR 18.-The cold continues, but the wind has fallen. fothing new in camp. Fmxrio m' SazIrFrs.-Lord Campbell was not the judge that fined the Sheriff of Suff,k, but Lord Chief J4sUce Jervis,
THE TURKISH ARMY IN ASIA. (FRDM Oux OWN CORPmSPONDENT.) TREBIZONDE, Mitul 6. Ornar Pasha left Trebizonde on the 4th inst. for Constantinople, but is expected to return shortly, and to remain until there is a necessity for his presence in the interior. In the meanwhile troops are arriving almost daily, both from Mingrelia an from Constantinople; and the force lately at Cholovi is now concentrated between Redout Kaleh and Rhorga, a village a few miles inland, and accessible by the river Chopi. Xhorga has been strongly fortified, as a protection against any offensive maeasures on the part of the Russians or of the native population, and will allow the army to be drau hted off slowly and without risk to the seaboard. There are still garrisons at Soukum Kaleh, Tschemsherai, and Batoum, but it is reported thatthe first of these places will shortly be evacuated. The troops that have arrived here recently; as well as others that were stationed in the town, have been pushed on towards Erzeroum. A few battalions were reviewed [by Omar Pasha before their departure, and per- formed their manual exercises with admirable precision. They marched on the following mornng, and the Sirdar accompanied them for a short distance upon their route. - Omar Pasha has visited and inspected the hospitals of the British medical staff, going through all the routine mnade and provided for such, occasions, walking round the wards, tasting the soup, and so forth. The hospitals present an appearance of perfect order, and the Pasha was loud in his expressions of praise, while his staff sustained a sympathetic chorus of sotto -oce laudation, and declared that the arraDngements were more perfect than those of the Sultan's palace! In the event of a summer campaign in Armenia these hospitals may become extremely useful; but their present state must be regarded as a dressrehearsalof theirpossible future, the hedsbeingchieflyoccupied bybrokendown Tunisians, already invalided by their own doctors, and deprived; by the peculation of, officers and attendants, of any advantages that they might gain from skilfulmedical treatment. Turks despise and hate Tunisians, as they despise and hate all things that are better than themselves. Rencetheyrob them of their food and fueL evade the execution of orders for their comfort, and roceive mysterious protection when such delinquencies are brought to light. A Tunisian attempted to complain to Omar Pasha that he was starved, and, although he could not raise his voice sufficiently to effect his purpose, he was taken the next day from his sick bed to prison, in spite of his doctor, whose consent to the punishment had been asked, and was indignantly refused. At the instance of Colonel Ballard, Messrs. Edwards and Turner have been rewarded for their services at the Ingour by the Medjidie; and the acting inspector of the medical staff has solicited and obtained the same decoration for three other of his officers, for reasons that have not as yet been made public, nor, that I ^am awvare, even conjectured. WYe have a post from E rzeroum to the 26th ult., bringing little news, and that little unsatisfactory. Provisionsforthearmyarefallingshort, and it is said that the stores will not serve the existing garrison for longer than two months. Firewood, too, is very scarce and extravagantly dear, and in that bitter climate it is as urgent a necessary as food. Colonel (leils, the newvly arrived B3ritish Commsioner, is at loggerheads with.Selim Pasha upon some question of ceremonial, the origin of the quarrel being ascribed to the blunde-ring of an interpreter. Whatever it be, the Commisioner and the Mfushir have not at present been able to arrange an interview. Fresh stories of Selim Pasha's incompetence anda " Turkishness" are brought to us by each post and by every traveller, and his latest discovery is said to be that the surrender of Kars was caused by the cowardice of General Williams! Major Stewart arrived here from Erzero-um on the 1st, and Mr. Romaine, a civil engineer, is waiting to proceed thither for the purpose of taking surveys. A t present, however, heavy snowstorms have rendered the road impracticable, even in the neighbourhood of Trebizonde. I have seen a private letter from Teheran of the 11th nIt. The writer states that the Russiai Ambassador is strenuously exerting all his influence to bring about an amicable settlement of the dispute with ar. Murray, and suggests that this course is probably dictated byapprehenlsion of the results that might follow from an invasion of Persia by our Indian army. Letters from Koordistan, of the 6th alt., mention an insurrection of the natives, wvho were ranging the country in armed bands and burning and plundering the Nestorian villages. The Turkish I'ashxa, wvith a handful of men*, had taken refuge in an old castle of Noor Alla Bey, where he was besieged by nearly 4,000 Koords. The insurgents have taken their head-quarters at Gowar, and have nominated one of their chieftains as ruler of -the whole surrounding district. In the words of a gentleman who has just escaped from Gowar, "the fall of KXars has doubtless promoted these lawless movements. There is now a widely spread imnpression through the mountains that the Turks are used up, and as the iEnglish and Russians are too far away and, too bus,y to look after the Christa population, the Koords think they have full lieense to pillage. Their motto is. " Let Us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." The niew firman touching the liberties of the Christian subjects of the Porte has just been made known in Trebizonde, and it is received bythe Rayshs with the utmost consternation. Utterly abject and degraded, they realize nothing in the new laws but their own liability to enlistment, and that, in a country where it is found necessary to load all recruits with fetters, appears to them a present evil of sufficient magnitude to outweigh all future or contingent benefits.
th! rERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. LAvRtc q0 The Junior Proctor has published the list of persons who have given in their names as intending to offer theraEelves for examination at the ensning examination before Moderators. The number of names is 192. 44 are candidates-for honours. There are still four persons to be examnined for their degrees under the old system: 'Wednesday being the first day of Term, a Convocation will be held for granting graces and conferring degrees at 10 o'clock. On the preceding day there will be Latin litanyand sermon at St. lary's at half-past 10. At 2 o'clock on Tuesday the Senior Proctor will deliver a Latin speech, on going out of office, and the no* Proctors (the ev. :E. James, of Queen's College, and the'Rev. W. Ince, of Rxeter College) wfill be a4mitted. The examination boefore oderators begins on the same day. CAMBRIDGE, LuRcH 29. iIOD)ER I{STORY. At 1 o'clock p.m. on TLuesday, the 8th of April, and at the same hour on each succeeding Friday, Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday in Easter Term the Professor of Modern His. tory proposes to deliver a series of lectures at the Arts' School on the illustrations mutually afforded to each other bysome passages of the history of France and by some of the principles of the law of nations. It is requested that- 'a gentlemen projoseig to attend thsee lectures would enter theiz nmes inu book which is open for that purpose at Messrs. Macmillan's.
DUST OIf7 To THE EDITOR OF THE TThf.E Sir,-1 am much obliged to King Thwaites for the explanation he has condesecended to give as to the extent of his power. It seems I have got into the wrong department of the Circumlocution-office, and that it is the WestmiAster District Board of Works, and not Mr. Thwaites and the Metropolitan Board of Works, who are chargedwith abating the nuisance of which I complained. It is something at least to know the right horse on which to lay the saddle; so you wi permit me to ask the WestminsterDistrict Board of Works-whythe thoroughfare from Great George-street to Victoria-street is never watered. In this thoroughfare are situated the Westminster Sessionshouse, Westminster-abbey, and the Westminster Hospital; close by it are Her Majesty's Office for Stationery,-the quality of which is no doubt improved by dust,-the courts of law, and another institution of some little importaiace-the Houses of Parliament. Now, when the wind blows east, as it has done for about six weeks, the dust collected in this thoroughfare is blown into the Abbey, the Sessions-house, tho Westminster Hospital, aud the Stationery-office; and when it blows west, as it will do for another six weeks, it will be blown into the eourts of law and Mr. Barry's splendid pile. Victoria. street, with scarce a single house, is duly watered twice a- day; so is squalid Tothill-street. Again, I ask, wrhy is the thoroughfare which connects Victoria-street vwth Great George-street left unwatered? Yours obediently, B HBIWArN i4 bLUuU. PAmDO *Or LIuTzXwAT HODmON, R. N.-Ou Malta Correspondent announoeg the pArdon granted by the Governor of Malta to this young officer, whose delinquency after all amounts to a mere resistance to x police officiaL By this act his Excellency has reduced tho term of im. prisonment from four to two months, whioh no doubt was sufficient to meet the ends of justice.
FoBBIGN INTEJ IGCBYi. -FRA1CE (}Ba OUR OWN OOaRPolx OI rW.' [Aportlonof the following appeaed in our aeoontdetton of S:_tur1v 2-1 PARIS, FnBiY, MA.ncH 28,. 6 P.M. The conferences are said to have made considerable progress on Wednesday and yesterday; and, as there is no relaxation in their labours, for the Plenipotentiaries meet to-day, to-morrow, and Sunday if necessary, we may consider that the moment for signing the treaty of peace is close at hand. No one, perhaps not even the memnbers of the Congress themselves, can fix the precise date, unless the accelerated motion of this day brings them to the certainty. The difficulty about Prussia, which interrupted the course of the previous proceedings, has been arranged, and, it appears, as aatisfictorily as possible under the circumstances; and Sardinia, from whom some adight murmurs may have been heard, has been conteRted, a very satisfactory clause to her, with the nature of which I am unacquainted, having, it is said, been introduced into the protocols. The Congress will not be too severely censured if it be found necessary to do business on the Sunday. A work of peace is not unsuited to the Sabbath. The opinion to-day among political persons is, that the treaty will be signed tomorrow; others speak of Sunday, and even of MNIonday, but beyond that it is not now believed the delay wrill extend. On Monday the armistice expires, and the order that has been transmitted not to recommence hostilities till further notice does not by any means imply that every effort.will not be exerted to make the conclusion of peace coincide with, if not precede, that date. Moreover. a re- view, on a grand scale, of the garrison of Paris by; the Emperor is announced for Tuesday. It is a fitting conclusion, and the imposing spectacle may show Russia that if peace be madf it is not i from want of means to carry on the war. Most people, I repeat, incline to the belief that I all will be brought to a close to-morrowv] night-that is, all that is indispensable for the treaty, as several matters, neither slight nor of small importance, must stand over for future settlement. Many expect that the Moniteur of Sunday will contain the glad tidings. Whether this will be the case Icannot affirm, but Irather suspect that the announcement to Paris will take place in another fashion. I am told that at the moment the last signature is affixed to the treaty a signal will be made from the Foreign-office, and 100 g,uns will proclaim the tidings before a single Plenipotentiary quits the hall of the conferences. Such a mode of proceeding would produce much effect. On Sunday the streets are thronged with people going to or coming from church, or engaged in occupation or amusement, and newsmongers are all abroad ala c7iasse des canards. On that day also the Bourse is closed, and a check given to all except the pettiest jobbing. I have no doubt thatif the guns of the Invalide3 announcepeace under these circumstances the joy would be great. An English Cabinet messenger was to have left London the day before yesterday for Copenhagen; perhaps he is the bearer of instructions to the fleet relative to the armistice; and another leaves London this evening em routte for Constantinople. Lord Clarendon, it appears, is expected in Downing-street on Monday, but he will probably return here again. SATUP.DAY, ?LAtcH 29, 6 p.M. The Congress met again to-day, and it is hoped, indeed expected, that their labours will be brought to a conclusion, if not this morning, earlyto-morrow. TheProtocol of the proceedings as drawn up by the Commission was completed, I believe, on Thursday evening, and submitted to the Plenipotentiaries in Congress, to receive whatever corrections might be thought necessary. This will probably have been completed to-day. The general opinion is that the signing will take place to-morrow, andbe announced in the manner I have already mentioned, if no new incident occur to-day to justify further delay. People-appear so sure of the fact, that preparations have been made for illuminations tomorrow night, and measures taken for the gratuitous performances in the theatres. We have been so often disappointed in our expectations that I do not venture to say anything positive, notwithstanding the confidence with which well-informed persons speak on it; I content myself, therefore, with saying that it is highly probable. Mlany an ear! will be on the stretch to-morrow about 2 or 3 o'clock to catch the first sound of the guns of the I Invalides, and the disappointment at their silence would be great indeed. A telegraphic despatch from Madrid of the 29th inst. announces that the financial project of M. Santa Cruz was adopted on the 28th by the Cortes, by a majority of 184 to 27. The solution of this question occurs very favourably for the Government; it prevents or postpones a conflict between the constituent Cortes, the results of which might have been disastrous to all parties. . The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 40¢. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 60c. ; and the New Loan at 73f. 90c.; Orleas Railway Shares, 1,315f.; Great I Northern, 1,000f.; Strasburg, 992f. 50c.; New Shares, 835f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,275f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,577f. 50c.; Western of France, 905f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 740f.; Great Central of France, 653f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,655f.; Austrian Railways, 918f. 75C. Cours Aut7entique.-PAWS, !darch 29.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents. (not reimbunsable for 10 years), 94f. ; Threc ar Cents., 73f. 20c. 15c. 25c. 30c. - ditto first Loan of 1855 ((5 per cent. paid), 73f. ; ditto second Loan of ]S65 (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 60c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. ad), 73f. soc. ; Treasury Bonds, 6 per cent. at three months and a half; Bank of France, 3,500f.; Credit Foncier, 720f. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 446f.; ditto Three perCents., 40af.; Credit Jlobilier, 1,6SOf. 1.65Sf. 1,661f. 1,612£ BOa. 1,655!.; Piedmontese Five perCents., 94f. «c. 50c. 94f.,; ditto Three per Cents., 6lf. 61if. SOc.; Rente de Naples (Rothschild), 113 ; Spanish Interior Debt, 40. iExchangeon Olondon, at sight, money, 2Sf. 37tc.; tbre month, money, 24f. 92dc. I'rG,~~ moey ITALY. (rnos our owN counEsrolnDLNT.) TUR,I, MARcHi 25. Thelatest accountsfrom Parmarepresent thestate of siege as having been carried out with the utmost rigour. Eiverything was, of course, subjected to military dictation, and the Austrian General Crenevi31e, appears as the real governor of the city, issuiing orders and notiications with all the confidence of constituted authority. It was calculated that upwards of 300 persons had been arrested since martial law had been put in force; between 20 and 30prisoners condemned to various terms of punishment for political offences had been removed from the gaol of Farin. to mantua under an Austrian escort; and fresh articles had been added to the provisions of the state of siege,by the military commandant, making it more onerous and vexatiousthan ever. TheAuditoreBordi, who was supposed at first to have been wounded beyond all hope of recovery, was still alive on the 22d, though with little chance of life. A M. fMartinati (native of Vicenza), who has resided at Florence since 1848, was condemned, as member of a secret society, a short time ago by a decree of the Royal Court to imprisonment for 96 months in the Ergastolo. He petitioned the Grand Duke for cormutation of this sentence to banishment for life, as has usually been done by the Tuscan Government under similar circumstances, both because it solves a difficulty, and also relieves the Government from further responsibility; and it has not beenuncommon, therefore, to offerpolitical offenders their option of such punishment. But, in this instance, the Grand Duke has refused the request of Martinati and his doing so is said to have caused a very bad feeling at Florence, where it was hoped that these political prosecutions, which are only calculated to maintain ill-humour between the Govermment and the people, were at an end. The Monitore Toscano announces that the Countess of Trapani daughter of the Grand Duke, had given birth to a :rncess. The improved quotations or the price of Sardinian public funid have again raised a hope that the Minister of Finance may find it in his power.before long to consolidate the various loans that have beenmade from time totime, and establish a uniforra rate of interest. As the Five per Cents. were as high as; 97 in Turin the other day, it may be expected they will rise to par with the 4declaration of peace; and as M. Cayour, the actual Minister of Finance, is now in one of the great money marts in a diplomatic capacity, it is not improbable he may take advantage of the opportunity to come to some arrangement, as that above alluded to, with some of the principal loan? conBtrators.
, HEH LORD PBESIDENT OP THE COUKOIL O0X -. . ,EDUCATION. BRISTOL, MARCei 29. The establishMent ofa diocesan trade schoolin this city, or rather the conversion of the old diocesan school into a trade school, and its opening yesterday, was the occasion of a visit from Earl Granville, who had kiadly accepted an invitation from the committee to assist at the inauguration of this addition to bducational establishments, designed for the special- benefit of the workin classes. The distinctive characterstie of trade schools may ba briefly stated t consist in the fact that the instraction offered, whileembracingthousualsebjectsofan ordinaryEng-. lishcouse, also inciudesthe teachin5-theprinciples of science with special reference to trade and manufactures. In the' Bristol school the scientific lessons will be illustrated and practically appliedby demonstrations and experiments in a laboratory fitted up for the purpose. To this end, the beilding long familiarto'the public as the Diocesan School has been remodelled and turned o as mnuch account as the space would permit. It formerly consisted of two large rooms-upper and lower. These are now partitioned of on the ground floor-fiust% into a convenient lecture room; secondly, into the laboratory referred to, which is furnished and fitted on a plan supplied by Dr. Lyon Playfair ; thirdly, an apartment for the lecturem's experiments; fourthly, a lavatory, &c., for the scholars. On the upper story- are two large csass rooms, properly heated and ventilated, and a capital museuni. The education is not, however, to be vholly secular, but religious instruction, under the superintendence of a clergyman of the church of Englandt is to be afforded to the scholars, such instruction not being compulsory on the children of Dissentersif objection bemade by their parents. Such is a brief outline of the institution to inaugurate which the Lord President of the Council visited Bristol. The noble earl arived at the Great Western terminus by the morning express train from Paddington, and was received by a deputation consisting of Mr. Joshua Saunders, manager of the Bristol Branch of the Bank of England, the Rev. Canon Moseley, and M;r. T. C. Parr, chairman of the committee. Having entered the mayor's state carriage, his Lordship was conducted to the Council-house,pnntthe steps of which he was, received by the Very Rev. the Dean of Brnstol, wnho conducted hirm to the cormmittee-room, in which the mayor (Mr. John Vminin) the High Sheriff (Mr. A. B. Tavell), Chancellor M{onk (son of the Lord Bishop of Glocester and Bristol), and the other guests had assem led to await his arrival. His Lordship having been presented to the Mtayor, and by his Worship to the company, the party adjourned to the Council Chamber, in vwhich a dejetiner- a lafourchette had been laid, over which the Mayor.Apresided. At the conclusionx of the repast the healths of "' the Queen," *" the Lord President," and " the .Mayor" were proposed, and drunk with due honours; after which the company rose and proceeded to inspect the school-building, which is centrally situated in Nelson-street. The etion of the building completed, the Lord President, the ayor, and the other noblemen and gentlemen repaired to the hall of the Society of Merchant Venturers, where arrangements had been made for holding a public meeting, over which Earl Granville presided in the absence of the Lord Bishop of the diocess, the state of whose health rendered his presence impossible. The Rev. D. WRIGHIT having read an elaborate report, tracing the history of the school from its foundation in 1812 to the present time, Resolutions adopting the report, approvin- the formation of the school on its present basis, thakldng the visitors, &c., were spoken to by Sir A. H. Elton, Dr. Lyon Playfair, Mr. Commissioner Hill, Mr. H. Bennett, Mr. W. K. Hyett, the Mayor, Dr. Rogers, Mr. W. H. Gore Langton, MLP., Mr. James Hassell, and other influential gentlemen. On the motion of the Very Rev. the Dean of BRISTOL a vote of thanks to the noble chairman was carried by acclamation, Earl GnAarvn&Y, on rising to return thanks, was received with loud cheers. He said, if he had thouglht that as con. nected withHer Majesty's Government his coming to Bristol on this occasion had been meant to indicate that the Government intended to discourage in the slightest degree the local govemment of a school such as that they were miiet to promote, he should have stayed away; or, if they had expected him to give them better practical advice than that which they had alreadyreceived, he certainly should not have presented himself for that purpose. He should also have stayed away if, upon making inquiry, he had found that this trade school had been promoted either by parties hostile to the church, or, if promoted by the ch'rch, it bad been promoted in an illiberal spirit, which would be likely to drive from the school laymen and those who did not agree ini the doctrines of the church. But when, on the contrary, he found every class united-every grade of the church connected with it, including that venerable and right rev. prelate whose unavoidable absence they all so much regretted, including the landed gentry of the neighbourhood, including some of the greatest commercisl men and manufacturers in this city-seeing all this, he felt that it was indeed an honour to himself to accept the invitation which had been given to him. (Applause.) The question of education itself, of what it is, and what the educator ought to teach to the person to 'be educated, had been mooted, more or less, for a thousand yeas.. L3tterly, in Europe, there was a feeling generally spread with regard to the upper classes, that their education had been too exclusively confined to classical attainments. In this country that feeling had been often expressed, and he was happy to say that a considerable improvement ivas nowv taking. place in our universities, pubolic and grammar schools, in this respect. In Germany the feelioghad been so strong inthat direction, that what wrere called real ortrade schools had rien somewhatin opposition to the excellent classical sehools they already possessed. In France this opposition was curious to watch. On the one hand, some of the extreme Catholic party-those who took the most narrow-minded view withregard to the interests of religion-while they thought the latter an absolute necessity to be taught, yet objected to the youth of that country being tauglht latin froms the works of Pagan authors, and proposed that they should learn their Latin from the latinity of the Christian fathers of the church; and, on the other hand,. some of the most eminent political economists of that country raised their voices most indignantly against the necessity that now existed for themselves and their children to learn that which they did not consider a requirement of the 19th century. They complained that their children were taught CitationS from classical authors, and from the examples of great ruen of antiqullity; they learnt their notios of order from the conduct of the Gracchi and their notions of liberty from the sanction given to the instituation of slavery; that glory consisted in detestation of peace and love of war, even without a just cause, and in the contempt for labour, which they considered simple work, unvworthy of free mnen. Lastly, they complained t at they should learn that patriotism consisted in detesting and injuring all other nations as much as possible. Now, there was immense exaggeration in these objections. It was impossible for any one to consider the subject and not believe that an accurate knowledge of dead languages was of great use in strengthening and reflnin- the intellect (hear), and that the learned and sublime things spoken and 'written by the greatest poets, historians, and orators of the world, must tend to humanize and elevate the nind. (Applause.) Still he did thinLk that it was wfrong,in pursuingthoseclassical attainments, to exclude thatknowledge of theuniverse in whichwe lived-of the livinglanguages spoken byliving men. The sole question wwas one of degree, and he was sure those whom he now addressed would feel that if this trade school was as succesful as they hoped it would be, a gentle but certain pressure would be exercised upwards upon schools of greater and higher pretensions. A recent review in The Times stated that, " as every Bavarian was able to read, the greatest prison punishment that could be inflicted was to take away books from. the prisoners." Now, it was melancholy to reflect what was the proportion of prisoners in our gaols upon whom sach a punishment could possibly have the slightest effect. It was a singular fact that in England and Wales only 69 per cent. of the men who were married signed their names to the marriage certilicates, and that there were only 6 poercent. of the women who were able to do the same: The city of Bristol was cast between Somersetshire and Glocesbeshire, and hs observed that in the Glocestershire part of the city the percentage of education was above the average, because it was to be found in the ten foremost counties in that respeot in England and Wales. On theother hand, the Somersetshire portion of the city was not in the ten worst coumties, nor in the tenbest, bub itwas below the average of the whole counties-of England and Wales. Hefoundthatthe averageofthemerrabletoreadand vrite in-that paet of the city was 66 and a, fr*ctionper cent., while of the women it was as high a&s6L, Now, the two difficulties in this question were--frst, the want o£ school accommodation; and secondly, the want of lappreciation of the. advantages. of eduacation. With respect' to the first, it wvas stated, and with some truth,that no such want existed. Without gOinlg intohis point (which he was not prepared to admit), he thought it gave a fallacious view of the point in dispute. It was an admitted fact that both in the poor and p-oplous districts of towns, and in some remote iiural districts, there was a want of proper school iccommodation. MTo one knew better than himself the efforts which had been made to increase that acconimodation, but he did think that on this question some misapprehension existed as to the extent ofthepecnniarymeans required. He (Lord Granville) ordered a calculation to be drawn un in the Privy Council office, the result of. which was that, takink the worst case of a village school, where no school existed at all, where they had to begin from the beginning-if any persort 6ould collect 1801. or less-if he could get the site and cartage gratis (which was generally thecase), and could reckon on an annual subscription of 81. over and above the school fees of the children-he could provide a school for 50 children, not an excellent one, but one sufficiently good to meet all the requirements of the Privy Council and by which the promoters could claim from the Government all the asistance which it was in their power to give. (Applause.) With respect to the appreciation of eduation, he was afraid it was £aopeless to expect from a generation of uneducated parents that appreciation of education which we found among the Scotch, for instance, who for more than lEO years had enjoyed the advantages of an elementary education. Sir Arthur Elton had referred to the Govermnent being able to give a stimulus to education by disposingof publie offices to educated men. The Privy Council had tried a small experiment in that way, and it had answered exceedingly well. In the same way itere were few great employers of labour who could not even with advantage to themselves, fand the means of giving a stimulu.s of this sort. The directors of the railway by which he came to Bristol had A regulation not to take into their employment any person who could not read ant write, and did not 'know something of arithmetic. (Hear, hear.) He believed that this regulation entitled the directors of that line to be considered as greater educators than even the excellent schools which they had established. (Applause.) He was sure that tho trade school mnight act most usefully as a stimulus in this respect, always provided that they strictly adhered to the rule, without which their own efMiciency would be destroyed, that they should require a strict examlinations a to whether the candidate who pre. sented himself was really worthy to receive the necessary elementary instruction. lIwas ertainly amost marvelous thing that-the people-of this-country, while running the race of competition fwith other nations, should refuse to themselves such an element of sucoess in commercial progress as that of education. What woula be said of a strong man who, having to engage with a powerful adversary, should brnd up one arm ? (Applause.) With respect to the sort of education it was proposed- to give, they ought to take great care, and not be the advocates of the theorist against the practical man. That which ou*httobedonewasto give the practical man the advantage which he could obtain bv learnling something of the principles of the caling in Which he ws engaged. The otdznary effect of this wrould be that they would estabish a race -f aisas-men who would be better artisans, men wiould not only understand their work: better, but wouald he more able to deal with new processes. They would establish a race of artsans who would derive pleu ad gratifcation from their employments, instead of that deadly weariness so well illustrated by Sir rthur Eton in the case of the man who put an end to his existence in consequence of not being able to work in mere Hou&ine. He believed that by these means they would raise tne artisan both i his own self-ospect and in the respect of his employers, and of aill with whom he came in contact, (Hear, hear.) He believed that an inventive genius wastobe found is. every class of society, and they would give that inventive genius enormous adntages if they traed the mind to learn those principles on which the labour of the artisan was founded. Se could illustrate this by means of the stea-engine, Look at the position of one workman learning that the steamengine was a mere part of a machine, and compare hlimwith the workman who understood the chymical part of the steam, understood the working of the cold and heat,and who from'this knowledge was able to derive gratification and delight. If this argamenthadforceformerly, how strong it must-be now that thesteam-engine had penetrated every nook ana corner of the land. He passed a farm the other day on which a steam-engine of one-horse povwer was being workea, and he had no doubt that there were many present who had seenasteam-engine in aconfectioner's shop, maaldng up sugar-plums. (Laughterandapplause.) Suchaninstrument as thus being so universally used, it nmust be of some advantage to every person to obtain a knowledge of its properties and powers One of the reasons that had induced him (the noble chairman) tocometherethat day was, thathe was glad to bepresent at the inaugurationof this institution, hearing thata gentlemanwithwhom he hadbeenia officia connexion (theev. Canon3loseley)had been oseof its most activepromoters. (Applamue.)Hedldnot alludetothatgentleman as a dignitary of the church, or as what hehad recently become-to the great lo6s of the Privy Council-a country clergyman; hut as a late inSpector of schools. When men hLke the Rev. Canon Moseley or Sir J. Say Shuttleworth departed from them, he could not conceive any more ulrgent dutyupon those who had official knowledge of wfhat theyi had done than to state the debt of gratitude which the nation owed to them. (Applause.) Theyall ImewCanon Mdoseley,and they would agree with him, and his brother inspectors present would agree with him, that by his high personal character, by his enthusiasm, and by the ability of hisrepeorts, he had certainly contributedopowerfullthat authormty to the e epoti s of he inspectors which he wras happy to say they now all enjoyed. (Applause.) The Rev.I Canon Moseley had t aso had this advantage, that by his eminence in science he had been chiefly instrmental in1s brning that, element into our elementary teaching. Many present would no doubt be aware that ever since 184&6 some examinations of pupil teachers during their lait two yeas shad taken place in mechanics and mensuration, and that the physical sciences had, to a great degree, formed part of the examination of schoolmasers qualifying for certificates of merit. This had been much improved of late. The Rev. Canon Moseley, acting on instructions given in 185&1, had prepared a graduated scheme, by which he encouraged the schoolmasters and students of training colleges to a more precise method of obtaining a knowledge of the -physical sciences. In the Isame way, he had prepared a report upon a list of philosophical apparatus grants of which could be given by the Privy Council, and that report was agreed to by the Privy Council in the year 1854, and be (Lord Oraunme) thought the results had not] been unsatisfactory. In 1854 one schoolmasterpresented himself for examination in the hysical sciences, and he was unfortunately rejected. In 1855 no fewer than 28 schoolmasters presented themselves, of whom 25 received certificates, and in the beginning of the present year, comprisng only three mnonths, 25 schoolmasters had presented themselves, of whom24had passed. Inthe same way, withrespect to the grants forphilo- hical instruments, about 801. was spent in 154, between I M- ana 6007. in 18, and in three months of the present year 3501. had been spent. (Applause.) Mfr. Temple, who succeeded Yr. moseley, had informed him (Lord Granville) that he fonnd the general knowledge of the schoolmasters and pupils in these special examinations to be excellent. Almost the first letter that Mr. Temple received from Mr. Moseley urged him to follow the recommendations he had made with respect to the philosophical apparatus, and the list of instruments had been greatly improved. Mr. Tate, who had greatly assisted M. Temple, had invented an airpump possessing exactly the same exhausting power as the old air-putmp, which could be supplied at a cost of 21. 10s., whereas the fornier machine cost 121., or 12 guineas. Hie did not mention these facts as the slightest glorification of the Committee of Privy Council, but because he considered them as creditable to Canon Moseley, who up to the day that he resigned his office was really the practical suggester and practical carrier out of those great improvements with respect to scientific instruction. He much regretted that Canon Ioseley was no longer with themn, but, though absent in body, he was with them inspirit. There wzere few of their great" dippingdays" in which Canon Moseley did not astonish the Pnvy Council by turning up at their meetings. (Applause.) He was always zeadyto give his time and his advice, and, what was till more valuable, his criticism. He carried his points so far that sometimes he (Lord Granville) had found him, as the promoter of a school, strongly criticize those regulations which, as an inspector of schools, he had strongly advised the Committee of Privy Council to retain. (Applause.) With respect to the school which they had that day met to inaugurate, he rejoiced to find that the boys were there instructed in the ordinary branches of a sound English education. He hoped that in this school special case would be taken to teachthe English language-a subject which waS too much neglected in every school of every class in this country. He beEeved therewas no advantage which could be given to a man greater than tio lear to speak and write his own lagugage grasnmaticrlly. It might be trivial tio mention the circumstances, but he Xowa lady who was proposed to asd married by.a very able man, not so much because he had fsllen in love with her personal charms as because he was so delighted with the letters which she 'wrote to a third person. (Laughter and applause.) He (Lord Granville) received a letter a short time since from a person applying for a Government appointment. He did not know the writer and had ao place to give, but he was so struck with the letter that he could not resist showing it to the present Governor-General of India (Lord Canning). That noble lord (who was one of the mobt judicious administrators of patronage that he ever knew) was so strack with that letter that he took it away, intending to make an investigation as to the person who had written it, and see if he were afit person for a clerkship in the Post-office. (Applause.) He regretted that he had not aslked Lord Canning vhat the result of that investigation was. In mentioning these two circumstances, he wished to guard himselffrom giving the slightest hope that the future students of the trade schools were likely to get beautiful amd accomplished wives by the excellence of their epistolary corespondence (laughter); still less did he wish to suggest to them that they would be anythintg but sacrificing their prospects in life if they were to neglect their own business in trying to soften the obdurate heart of a Mtinister by grandilqoquent epistles seeiing for aPpointments. (Applause.) But he thought the facts he had menetioned were 'useful, as showing the power of writing aletter, whether upon business or any other subject, in aclear, simSle, and grammaticalstyle. With respect to the elementary principles of science being applied to trade and manufactures, he hoped the promoters of the Bristol Trade School would adhere strictly to the rule they had laid down, of not attempting to teach the trades themselves, but confine themselves to teaching theprinciples that wereapplicable to these trades. (Applause.) With respect to religious instruction, while from the character of tho promolers and the character of the school itself there was no doubt it would be of first-rate character, it was most satisfactory to him to see that there was avery liberal provision bv which religious education would not be made compulsory upon those who conscientiously differed and objected to such a course. With respect to the teaching of reading, writing, and the first four rales of arithmetic, he had already said that he thought it desirable to adhere strictly to that rule. Canon 2loseley, in his letter, had suggested two points, but he did not know whether they had been, carrned out-namely, onerespecting eveningachools, and the other allowring pupils to attend alf time. There might be difficulties with respectto boththese points, but he wras sure of this, that, while there existed that competition of labour with the claims of education they must constantly have resort to some regulations such as those referred to if they wished to carry out their plans to the fullest ex;tent. With respect to the zmnnwg school, he (Lord Granville), from being an iron- master and a colliery owner, could not but rejoice that this was established-i .connexion with the institation now inaugurated. Asau instance of the -value of scientific knowledge, he vwould mention that his colleague the Duke of Argyll, had, fzom his peculiaT education, masteredin a great degree all the physical sciences, and, being a Scotchmnan, he possessed those characteristics described by MIr. Commissioner Hill, and was not likely to let his habits of practical observation be entirely thrown away. Some time since his noble friend was looking at a quantity of refuse throwa a-way in the worldng of some metals, and was struck with its appearanee. He sent it to a provincial metallurgist, and was told that there was nothing remarkable in it. Not satisfied with that, the Duke of Argll sent it to the Museum of Practical Geology in London, when it was found that there was 11 per cent. of nickel, a valuable metal, and that every ton of this refuse was worth from 501. to 601. (Applause.) This was an instance of the value of a knowledge of science, and proved that such Inowledge was not sufficiently spread all over the country at the pre- sent day. He would mention another instance,-a near relation of his, having extensive estateainDorsetshire, being an agriculturist, but hiaving no pretensions to a knowledge of geology, was informed that he had valuable deposits of gold on his estates. He treated the notion with contempt, but, at last, being told that thousands of pounds were spent in a neighbouring county in getting gold from a similar seil, he thought it wise to make further inquiries. He did not take inefficient advice, but went to London, and was informed there what hebefore expected would be the casethat " all is not gold that glitters." (Laughter.) He woudf only add lthat he could not help remembering that he was now standing in the old city of Bristol-in a city which had been remarkable for ages as one of the first commercial cities, not in England only, hut in the world-a city remarkable, for its merchant princes-remarkable not only for its commercial energy and nteprie bu fo it libralty n supportnig nuwmerous nsttutins,amon oters hatschool of wvhichi ho was einuidd wth o mch leaureon comuig into thisha1~ (hcca.~lie eul nu fogetthat this city had been represented by some of the ablest men in tcis counry.' (Cheers.) He could not forget that Burke himself, who W not alwrays very obsequiouls to ihu neighbours or 'his consti. tuents, acknowtledged that he considered it the highest honour to represent such a constituency. The only thing that he could thinl of as anything of an historical 1law in their annals was this-that the iflrstoi mols wiere certainly given to habits of somethin' more than usual turbulence when any excitement prevailed. (Lauhter.) He remem. bered reading a book of one of the Bulwers (he forgot which), in which the writer said that if he were taken to a school and asked to predict who would be the most cele. brated man present, he would not ask the schooltnaster who was the best boy, butwho was the most mschievous. Now, he (Lord Granville) dissented frornthat doctrine. He had seen schoolfellows who had been looked down upon rather as plodders, who used to be called t ap;" but whonow were some of the most distinguished statesmen and the mnost brilliant members of society to be met with, while his rnore mischievous companionwaVS absolutely nowhere. But there was this truth, that a- boywho showed much eny and ascendancy over others in daring frolics wsas liker to display the same energy and the sme strength of chkracter appiUed to a useful and good purpose. He hoped they would fid this the case with the labouring lopulation of Bristol-that the more they educated t em the very strength of their character and their energy (sometimes sborn not in the best way) would form materials frora which they would be able to make afinished arSicle ofsinguLsr darability and firmness. (Applause.) Hoping they would have success in this great experiment, and that they would set an example which would be speedily followed in all the other schools throughout the country,e ewould sitdownwitheveryfeelingof confidence that they would carry on this great object in exactly the same spirit as they had begun it. He might, perhaps, add in a little postscript (it was a liEtle vulgaf, cec snd mather an ordinary one) the uninteresing fact that the promoters- of the school owed 4001. to the btilders. He understood, further, that the builders took such a matter-of. fact view of the question that they would prefer a little ready cash at the present moment, rather than-trust to the future advantage of their wrorkmen learning mensuration. ceers.) He thought the mention of such a ssufficient to have it remedied ian assembl likethe present. The noble iEarl then resumed his seat amid prolonged appLause, and thes roceediugs closed.
DEATH OF THE RIGHT HON. SIB H. TV. 'WILLIAMS Wf2YN, G.C.H., K.C.B. It is but a few months since we recorded the deaths of Sir Henry Ellis and Sir Robert Adair - we have now to nnounce that the Right Hon. Sir Henry Watkin Williams Wynn died on the 28th inst. at Lianvoida, Salop, in his 73d year. The deceased was third son of Sir Watkin Williams %Vynn, fourth Baronet, by Charlotte, daughter of the Right Ron. George Grenville, and aunt of the Duke of Bckingham, and brother of the late Baronet, who died in 1840, and also of the Right Hon. Charles WatldinWilliam, Wynn, who represented Montgomeryshire for nearly 50 years previous to hisdeathinl850. Heweasborn in 1783, and entered the Foreign-office as a clerk In January, 1799, so that he had been upwards of 57 years in the service of the country. He had scarcely been two years in his clerkship when he was chosen by the late Lord Grenville, who was then at the head of the Foreign-office, as private secretary, and in 1803 was sent as Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector of Saxony. In this capacity he remained t111807, when- he retaumed to England, and was elected MLP. :for !idhnrst. He continued however, to sit for that borough for a very few months, as he was not returned at the general election in the sinumer of that year. It does not appear that he resumed his diplomatic functions till the year 1822, when he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Switzerland, whence he was transferred in 1823 to Stnttgard, and in the year following to Copenhagen, when he was also sworn of His Ma. jesty's Privy CouncidL He discharged the delicate and difficult duties of Her MIajesty's representative at Copenhagen with great tact and ability for nearly 30 years, having only returned from his post to England in the early part of 1853. In 1811 SirHenry married Hester Frances, sixth daughter of the frst Lord Carrington, by whom be had a family of three sons and fouxr daughters, one of whLom is married to her cousin, the present Baronet, of Wynnstay. He was created a Kni>ht Bachelor and G.C.. in S1&, and advanced to the dignity of a K.CB. (civil) for his diplomatic services in 185L The antiqity of the Wyn= liinflyiswell known. Burlieremarks,that "to the house of Gsydyr, now represented maternally in ene of its branches by the Wynns, of Wymnntay, must be c'mceded te first rank in Cambrian genealogy. This eminent f4mily deduces male descent through its immediate ancestor, bhodri, Lord of Anlesey, younger son of Owen Gwynadd, Prince of North Wales, from Anarawd, King of North Wales, eldest son of Rhodri Mawr, King of Wales." This last monarch," adds Burke, "the descendant of along line of regal ancestors, succeeded to the crown of Powys in 843, on the demise of his father, and, by inheritance and subsequent marriage, acquired the ldngdoms of North and South Wales." Erom that Royal stock it would appear that the late Sir Henry was about 30th in descent.
OFFICE 0F HIGH SHElFF. TO THE EDITOB o:F THE TDES. Sir,-In your issue of yesterday a second instance, during the present circuit, of a sheriff having been fined for no; providing javelinmen is reportcd. If the Sheriffs concerned had taken the trouble to turn to their Blackstone (vol. i, chap. 9.) to ascertain their duties andresponsibilities, theywwould have found allusion made to an act 13-4 Charles II., c. 21, by which they are bound to provide a certain number of men in livery under a erenalty of 2001. This is doubtless the law under which the Sheriffs have been fined; but, if your re rt of the Chief Justice's judgment or charge at Bury St. Edmund's be correct, that learned Judge, equally with the Sheriff and the gentlemen combined to resist unauthorized expenses in serving the office, has tal;en upon hbiself to ride through the above law, for he declares that it is a matter of no consequence to the Judges how the rnen are dressed, whereas the law requires that they be in livery. As Judges have become so particular in enforcing that part of the law requiring attendance on themselves (for the preserving of orderis amere pretext, as even -where javelin. men are provided that duty is cared for by the police, for -which the Sheriff has to feed them), it muay be asled, did they ever, proprio rnotli (as on these occasions), enforce that part of the same law imposing a similar penalty on Sheriffs givmgpresents to their officers, or servants ? So much the reverse, thatthese presents in course of time came to be caimed as fees, and a more specific late law was required to put down thissystem of extortion. But a much more important question as regards the office of Sheriff remadns. Of what use is it ? Let us consider the duties in the order preFervet by .BI,?ck.tone. 1. In his judicial capacity the Sheriff used to determine suits of 40s. and under. This duty is now performed by tLe County Cowts. 2. " As the keeper of the King's peace, he is bound to pursue and tUke al malefactors, and commoit them to gaol. Be is also to defend his county fromi the King's enernies." Does any one sincerely at the present day expect these duties to be performed by the Sheriff? I he attempted the first position, would hisauthority notclash withthat of the magistrates and the police; and do we not pay our army andnavy to defend us from our enemies? 3. " In his ministerial capacity he is boundto execte all process issuing from the conrts of justice." This is a duty which should be performed by a paid officer of the Court. It is absurd to expect a country -entleman't- perform it, and he does not do so. The under-sleriff under- -' takes it. 4. "As the Kins bailiff he must seize to the King's use all lands devolved to the Crown by attainder or escheat, levy all waifs, estrays, and the like, and collect the King's rents within thebailiwick." How often, I wonder, in the last half century has any Sheriff been caDed upon to perform this duty? 5. He is responsible for his bailiffs, whom he employs orn the above duties and to summon juries. So would the officer, vwhoever he may be, intrusted with the duty. 6. " Gaolers are servants of the Sheriff; and he must be responsible for their conduct." Gaolers are not now appointed by, and therefore it is presumed not removableby the Sheciff, but by the county magistrates, and to hold hi responsible for their good oonduct is a manifest absurdity. Practically, all he has to do with the gaoler is to hear the expense of a new suit of clothes for him. Such, then, are the duties and responsibilities of a Sheriff according to BlIek tonce. Are they of such a nature as to require the of fice to be kept up9 I think all reasonable mnen will say, no. But, besids inutility, there are other graver objections to it. It inflicts a grievous, because unequal, tax It fallsonly on one claas of the community-the lndholders, and slargeportion of thewealithiest among them are exempt from it. Peers, females, and clergymen, be they ever so rich, are nevermadeto beartheburden. Many others escape the tax for no valid reawon. The poorman made Sheriff is taxed to the same amount as the rMiUionaire_ The tax is imposed in the most arbitrary manner, leaving a wide.door open for favour to let a man escape or for malice to inflict an injury. The Sheriff for the time being, orpractically the under-sheriff, without pretending even to have any data boefore himn on which to form an opinion as to weho isbest able to bear the tax, sends up three names to the Privy Council-office in the order in which he desiresthe selection to be made. In that office they are sometimes transposed, for reasons not made public. Again, the final selechon is mado by officers of Government without any personal knowledge of or inquiry into the circumstances of the Parties. Tfhis is a great grievance, and rerss of it well worthy of your powerful advocacy. Ynnr obedient servant . A HIGH SHERIFF. MIarch 2S. wrStrD"ge to say. the Icarned Judgt BZckstono bas omtted the w~ord " officers, Iw ichi to be found in the originti Izw.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMES. Sir,-Your impression of yeserday's date contains an wocount of proceedings in the Consistory Court of DIublin witha vieow toeffectthe removalof a convictclergyman from the benefice heso unworthilyholds, the issue of which, it has been said, is doubtfuL. Surelythere is some member of the Legislature ready to propose the removal of a similawr gxievous scanda, should it ever again u'nhappily arise, by subuiitting a biU to the con. sideration of J'arli.ament, which doubtless would be carried with acclamation, purporting that upon any conviction of a beneficed clergyman, in any part of the tiuted kingdom, of felony, his benefice should be isofado void without ay further process of law. ' t I aui, Sir, very respectfully, OLERIOUS& March 2S. UNIVERSITY COLLEGE EOSPITAL.-Thle committ% at their ileetig on WedneWday l:st rocived u i3unifioeat donation of 1t500. from ani unknown triund, wVhoLMu thoy havF Ev wkoc werkaiend to btI Mr. Samuel Sharpe,
IRELAND. (r0x Om OWN COBR1tSfOlND1,TA DUlBLIN, SATURDAY dMOsMNG. THn SUICIDE OF JOMT SADLEIR. A letter from Caher, addressed to the Evfning Post, thus refers to one of the numerous cantards con-. nected with the recent tragedy at Hampsteadheath. - " Having seen it stated in the Limerkk Choronide that I an agent of Sir T. Wilson had left London in order to take possession of the Castle here, I beg to inform you that 1no such person has as yet appeared in this locality, although we suppose bis arrival amongrus may be daily expected, if it be really true, as asserted, that Sir T. Wilson has a charter entitlinghim to the property of the Late Mr. John Sadleir, who is understood to have purchased the Castle some tiums since in the Encumbered Estates Court. As there is much curiosity here on the subject, could you inform us how the mratter actually stands, and oblige your's truly?" To this the Post replhes as follows:- " We have made inquiries, which satisfy us that even if Sir T. Wilson has a charter, such as described, it would entitle him to nothing beyond the goods and chattels of the deceased within the manor of Hampstead-that is, to the clothes, money, and trinkets found upon his person; and that even these would be subject to the claims of all ju-t creditors, whose rights could ouly be. superseded by the Crownitself. We apprehend, therefore, that the rights of Sir T. :Wilson, were he to uge them to the utmost m such a case, would be about the same value as lars capinar, or 'goat's wool.' We are convinced, however, that the hon. Baronet has had nothing to do with the fanfaronades that have been circulated in his name, bat that they are the inventions of som e persons who may wish to increase the unpopularity he has, perhaps undeservedly, incurred in connexion with his attempts to obtain an act of Parliament for enclosing parts of Hampstead-heath. We mnay add, for the information of our correspondent, that, although the rights of the Crown in cases offdo de se supersede those ef the subject to all property of the deceased, we believe it is the invariable practice of the Crown to admninistersuch property according to-the rules of equity, or to grant admsintstration for thebenefitof the just creditors. And this, we h.ve no doubt, will be the course pursued in the present instance." A Southern journal (the Munster Netvs), in reference.to the connexion of the Scully family with the Tipperary Bank, says:- It is stated that when Mr. Vincent Scully withdrew fzom the Tipperary Bank last January 12 months his shares were made presente of to various persons, and it is supposed some of theshares got into the hands of those Englishp.-oprietors wvho wrere induced to enter into connexion with the concern in or about the same peried. An erroneous impression apPearS to prevail with respect to the origin of the Tipperary JoinatockBank, and the shares held in it by M1r. Scully, of Athassel. Many persons supposed thebank wasthe same as that established by Mr. James Scully's father, but the case was not so. The bank created by the late Mr. Scully ceased to exist, every obligation due by it having been paid off by its founder. The connexion of Mr. James Scully, of Atbassel, with the Tipperary JointStock Bank was owing to shares having, we understand, been-bought in it by his father- and the origin of the bank itself is attributed principally to Mr. James Sadleir, acting in connexion with, or as agent for, the Bank of Ireland. Mr. James Sadleir had been clerk in the.National Bank, and, leaving it, is stated to have made efforts to embarrass the local branch by collecting its notes in considerable-sums, and demanding gold unexpectedly. It is said that, -n the occasion of a fair day in Clonmel, he entered the bank with some thousands of pounds, and, demanding gold for the amount, caused a partial run on the branch that day. It is also stated that, owing to his or the representative of another party, a discount office in connexion with the Bank of lIeland was then opened in Clonmel-it was thought in opposition to the National Bankl; and that thence ensued the relations which were formed between the former and Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank, by which its notes have been since used and issued." Official notice has been given in the provincial journals cautioning the depositors and creditors aigainst transferring or disposing of their claims to other partiee, and recommending them to consult the official manager in everything relating to them. The Carnw Piost of this morning contains the followng statement bearing upon this notice:- 'We have ourselves received a communication on this subject from the official manager, who, we are happy to say, seems most anxious not to lessen the available assets by any unnecessary costs, or by encouraging speculators who may be inclined to take advantage of the existing panic. We therefore feel ourselves warranted, as well as called upon, to second the kind and laudable intentions of MIr. MIDowell, by warning claimants against rendering their position unnecessarily worse than it is by placing their demands in the hands of persons who are seeking to secure heavy and unnecessary costs out of the small dividends which the concern is lilkely to afford. This precaution is the more requisite as the-official manager assures us that the arrangemnents he is making will enable the ond fide creditors to prove their debts without being put to Is. costs. One fact is, however, clear, that even if every shareholder were utterly sold out a large dividend could not be paid. This we are authorized to state; and, as we learn from the same authority that the liabilities are above 400,0001., and the assets about 30,0001., the creditors will have to agree to a compromise as the readiest and surest mode of realizing whatever is available under these circumstances. Litination should, abov all be avoided, as it can tend to nothing but interminable deliy and increased loss to the unfortunate claimants. Any further reliable information which may reach us on this important subject we shall at once communicate to our friends for their guidance and benefit." NATroAL EDUCATION. The modifications in the system of national education embodied in the threatened notice of motion by Mfr. Walpole, as the champion of the Church Education Society, would, if sanctioned by Parliament, effect a complete revolution in the scheme which, with some trifling drawbacks, has answered al7 the purpose of its original projectors. The terms of 31r. Walpole's proposal are these:- "That a humble address be presented to Her Majesty, praying that she wil be graciously pleased to direct that such modifications may be made inthe rules of the national system of education in Ireland as will extend the advantages now enjoyed by non-vested schcols to any schools now exsting, or hereaiter to be established, -whatever their reculations may be as to religious instruction, provided the patrons shall he willing to place them in connesion with the oard, to perm2it the board's control over books to be used in general instruction, and to receive officially the visits of the Government inspectors." The Den-y Standard, the leading organ of the Irish Presbyterians, denounces in bitter terms the attempted interference of the e-'c-Minister of the Derby Cabinet, upon these grounds .- " The men who are agitating this mischievous revolution in the national system of education profess to be actuated by extreme Protestantism, by corresponding hostility to Popery, and an equal zeal for the supremacy of the Bible, at the very moment when they are engaged in the attempted establishment of a scheme in contradiction not only to every element of Bible truth, but to the plainest suggestions of common sense. Under the present arrangements of the National Board religious error is simply tolerated; by the proposed plan it is invested with an indefinite right of self-peetuation, under the direct authority of the Stats, and wvit-h the aid of the Imperial Treasury. The establishment of Popery as the religion of Ireland could involve nlo more than the secular endowvment of the Ronan Catholic hierarchy and priesthood. The community might, nevertheless, in the progress of intellectual enlargement, leave without congregations an establishment so endowed; but here is a scheme, the work of professedlyultra-Protestants, for educatingthe people in the doctrines of Popery to the end of all time, in the event of British dominion in Ireland surviving so long. Such an outrageous v;iolation of all religious principle as this project exhibits has scarcely ever before been embodied in practical statesmanship, and, rather than suffer it to be carried, there is hardly a remedial alternative to which the friendsof liberal education and of Protestant consistency ought not to have recourse. A desperate effort vill be madeby the 'Church Education Society,' in conjunction with reckless adventurers in politics, to accomplish the fatal measure deacribed, and it is the business of Presbyterians universally, of liberal Episcopaliass, and of the advocates of educational enlightenment, without distinction of sect or party, to put an end to that demented sectarianism wbich, for the gratification of a party triumph, would coolly sacrifice our common Chlistianity." FUNDS. Three per Cent, Consols, 92A i; ditto, for account, April 8, 920 jr * New Three per Cent. Stock, for account, 924; Ro0yal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 194; Grand Canal Company (1001. paid), 3T.4. Raiinys.-Dublin and Belfast Junction (45. paid), 42~ Dublin and Wicklow (101. puid) 5 i; Grea Southern and Western (501. paid), 52.4 idncGreat Western and Royal Canal (Sob. paid), 30.- faUH BANK RETUtNS. Average Amount of Bank-notes in Circulation and of Coin held during the Four Weeks ending Saturday, the 15th of Mlarch, 1856. IRISH RAMWAY RETUIRNS, MADr. UP TO TUC PZ=IVX DAMI AS UIbDXR.. 1856. L355. =eof n1rway. £k S. £. L. £d. 3el and B1ymena, Maxh22 .. 921 1 0 ., 705 5 6 &UIfat and County Down. arch 23.. 244 12 6 .. 236 17 9 Subeciptions . . . . . 1. 19 1711 .. 13 1 7 CorkandBandon,March 22 . . 2151811 224 8 3 'C* 3Blcack andlA e, 3 arch 22 164 9 2 - 13512 9 Dablin and Xincstown. March 25 .. 864 16 11 5 9 10 DUb11 and GWkow. March 22.. .. 417 1 10 216 15 10 Dublin and ThoVheda. M[arch 23 .. 1,193 15 1 . . 1,172 5 10G Dublinand Belfast Jnction. Mach 23 9 .0 16911 939 9 11 InteestonNayanBranch . . .. lS 19 0 .. 99 0 0 DundaIlkandEnnlJkil1en,March23 .. 67117 2 .. 21313 5 GrYVt Southem and Western. March 22 6.058 5 8 .. 5,54716 7 Iih &outh.YAxleT, Mrch 22 .. .. 207 35 9 .. 238 17 8 Ki3ney JUnCtiou,March 22 .. .. 230 3 2 .. 204 12 *LodonderryandEwilslen,March22 641 9 8 .. 430 1 0 UidlandGreatWesterm. Xarch3 2.t 1710 .. 2,922410 5ti.r, mach 23 .. .. .. 1,294 J 6 ..1,2C.2 2 3 WatefoTdandlGjlkenny, March22 2 25417 4 .. 227 810 jwkXd 4 im 4, yjjc1 . 6 ; ;i Iw 5 ;0
COURTOPRBLRUTOZCY, BnghaUZ-srea, Marcrh 29. - RVE ITARK BtnYD- (Beforc Mr. CommiuMoner FA.z) This was an adjourned examination meeting. The accounts have been fully published, and the case several times reported. I Mr.IARI;S, for the assignees, said the bankrupt made some amendments in his balance-sheet since the last meeting, and proposed to file some supplemental statements. The a.sgnees consequently wished for tiuLe to examine them, and proposed to take another.adjournment for five i weeks. Adjourned accordingly. IN RE KS1NER. The liankhpt was an auctioneer, of Bouverie-street. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. CHWLzY applied for a common certificate; Mr. SmiT} opposed. Mis Ho.Noup remarkced tbat the bankrupt had already been visited vwith adequate punishment for his misconduct, and that he might now take a common certificate. C-ertificate accordingly. (Before Mr. Commissioner GournuR1.) IN RE FOSSEY AND,STEELE. The bankrupts were timber-merchants, of Millwall, Poplar. Their accounts extend over a period of one year from January 1, 1855, and show unsecured debts 14,6601., and liabilities to the further amount of 6,6381., the assets being 6,30., exclusive of a disputed claim of 6,9981. upon a hlr. Walker, in course of settlement by arbitration. This was an examination meeting. Mr. Chidley appeared for Fossey, Mr. Lawrance for Steele, MIr. Hackwood for the assignees. An adjournment was ordered to allow tijne for the investigation of the accounts. IS RE W. ELSAM. Mr. IawEaNcE, for the assignees in this case, informed the Court that a person named Wild, in the employ of Mr. Hamber, messenger of the court, had been guilty of fraudulent emnbezzlement to the amount of 681., by means of making false returns of the amount received for property. A horse that had been sold for 38. was entered as having realized 281. There were similar errors, making the total amount 68M. In one case-a sale for 61-the bankrupt had been given St. to be quiet. No blame was attributable to Mr. Harnber ; but the case was felt to be one in which his deputy (WVild) shoald be prosecuted criminally. His Hde-oup saidMr. Hamber mustreimburse the money, and Wild would be prosecuted at the cost of the estate.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS COUBT, Harcd 29. IN RE AN.N LATh(N.. (Before the CmEF ComasussIorE.1 This insolvent, an old lady 76 years of age, applied to be discharged. Mr. Caarteen opposed for a creditor, and Mr. Nichols supported. It appeared that the insolvent had for many years kept a boardmng-house in Bedford-square; but lately becomling embarrassed, she placed her affar in the hauds of an attorney, -who advised an assignmnent of the furniture to the landlord, Sir J. Key, byvwhom it was sold, and the proceeds retained on account of rent due. The CHOi;F CONMISSIOYEN saw no reason to corn lain of the insolvent, who appeared to have acted hoiestly, but the attorney no doubt had considered the interests of Sir J. Key alone, instead of those of the other creditors. The insolvent was discharged. (Beftoc Mr. ComMiSoer PnMrLPs.) IT RE JAMES IRVLNG SCOTT. This insolvent, described as proprietor and publisher of newspapers, applied to be discharged. Mr. Dowse, Mr. Reed, and several creditors appeared to oppose, but Mr. MAcRAn, for the insolvent, consented to an adjournTnent, to amend the schedule, which, having been drawn up by the insolvent himself, did not conform to all the technical requirements of the Court. The case was then adjourned, with liberty to the insolvent to put in bail ad interim. (Before 3fr. Commissioner MURRPEY.) IN RE EDWARD HIIER. This insolvent was opposed on behalf of Mr. Ruff landlord of the SNew Inn, Gravesend. The parties were at one time fellow-servants at the New Inn, and at the death of the late proprietor, who left a legacy of 5001. to Mr. Ruff, as a reward for 40 years' service, the latter became master of the business. The insolvent circulated a report that Ruff had robbed bis master and his fellow-servants, upon which an action for libel was brought, and the insolvent justified. At the trial, however, a verdictwas taken by consentfor five guineas, and the plaintiff's costs were tared at 421. - Mr. Commissioner MuRpnyconsidered the offence -gaunst the creditor a grievous one, and remanded the insolvent for six months from the date of the vesting order.
ASPZrNG ASSIZES. NORTEERN CUl:. LIVERPOOL, MiRcH 29. UIVL COURT.-(Beforc Mr. Ju.3ticc WILLES.) OUSE= V. DARBY. This was an action to recover damagesforalibel, published in the Liiuerpool Herald, imputing to the plaintif; a tide. waiter in the Custorns at Liverpool, that he was a member of an association of Roman Catholics, the object of which was to overturn the Protestant constitution of the country, and that he was a Papist rebel. The defendant pleaded " Not Guilty," and a justification. Mr. Serjeant Wilkins and Mr. Aspinsll appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Xeneaily (of the Oxford circuit, who was specialy retained) and Mir. Patteson for the defendant. It appeared from the opening statement of the learned serjeant, andfrom the evidence of the plaintif, and the libelproved, thattheplaintiffisa member of the Roman Catholic faith, and a tidewater in the Customs at LiverpooL The defendant, who had lately come from Shrewsbury, is the editor and proprietor of theL e rpoolHeroad newspaper, and wholly unknown to the plaintiff. In January last the newspaper was dying a nataral death, and the defendant had attempted to restore its vitality by publishing in his newspaper on the 19th of January : "The following precious document was recently picked up at the Waterloo Dock. We give it entire, that there may be no mistake about it. In the centre is an engraving of the Virgin Mary, with stars round the head and a serpent at the foot, and round the head the motto, 'Thou alone hast destroyed all heresies throughout the whole world.' Under this is a cup, with ' Edward' on the left side and ' Darby' on the right-that being the member's name-and the words ' Breu. Rom.' It anounees that the said Edward Darby was admitted to the Association for the Conversion of Engjand on the 16th of December, 1855, by 'me, Honorius Mary of St. Abisius.' " ' His Holiness Pope Pius IX., in the month of November, 181, approved of the formation of an association of all Catholics throuohout the world to obtain of God the return to the holy churcl of all those who are, separated from it, and granted to this holy work his special benediction."' The document then goes on to state that, as " England, as at present disposed, is the greatest obstacle to the spread 6f Catholic truth," all Catholics are invited to devote themselves to the conversion of England, and that this should be the daily object of their prayers " according to the exhortation addressed to all the faithful by the Prelates of England assembled in Synod at Oscott" in July, 1852. The document then proceeds:- I "Onthe9thofftarch,1851, RisRolinessgranted aplenary indulgence to be gained once a-month on any chosen day on condition of confession and communion, and savig every day three 'Hail Marys' fortheconversionof Eng-g land. Besides the above, in May, 1850, he granted 300 days' indulgence to all who shall offer a devout prayer-as, for exampde, one 'Hail Mary'-for the conversion of EngThe nesipaperthen commented on this certficate --" Is it possible that an officer of Her Majesty's Customs can be a member of this association H Here is a man sworn to serve the Crown with fidelity also pledged to overturn, if . possible, the Protestant constitution of the country." Oa the following week the defendant, in the Livervool Hcrid of January 26, commented on this document in an article headed " A Papal Rel in Her Majest's Customas." In this article, wrhich eis of considerable length, the S certificate of membership referred to is made the text of a violent attack on the Romish faith, and the plaintiff is referred to as " this wretched traitor to his Sovereign, to her crown, and the constitution of the country, has enlisted himself in the service of a foreign po- I tentate, and is hound by a solemn oath never to decline from the holy purpose of annihilating all heresies. In reward for his villany, on condition of saying every da three 'Hail Marys,' he is to be granted 300 days' indulence-that is, he may commit any sin during that period without a dread of offending his Creator. We put it to the present Government whether Papists belonging to such a society as this are fit to be intrnsted with the property of the Crown." This was the gist of the libel complained of. After this publication the plaintiff received an anonymous letter calling his attention to the article, and in consequence he consulted his attorney, who wrote to the defendant, complaining that the article was slanderous and injurious to the plaintiffs character, and calling for a retractation of the comments alluding to the plaintiff. The defendant wrote in answer that he had notlhing to retract, and that he had a witness who had seen the certificate of membership fall from the plaintiff's pocket. It appeared that this certificate had been delivered to the plaintiff's wife at the Roman Catholic chapel which she attended, and had by her been put in a prayerbook and handed to him. He had it in his pocket three or four days, when it fell out of his pocket at his office. He had done no other act to become a member of the association, the object of which was stated in the certificate. He had been a tidewaiter 16 years, and in consequence of this article lie had been summoned before the CoUector of Customs. On cross-examination the plaintiff said he had seen Honorius Mary of St. Abisius in chapel, whom he took to be a man, and to be a foreigner from his accent, and he had confessed to him. He had also seen Ignatius of St. Paul, and talked with him about this association. He believed in the infallibility of his Church, and held himself bound by the decrees of. his Church, and accepted them as binding on his conscience. When he was admitted to the Customs he took an oath. He did not recollect that it had any reference to his -relig,on. The publication of the papers was then proved, and the hbels were put in evidence. This was the plaintiff's case; before its close Mr. Serjeant WILm S offered, on the part of his client, that if the statements affecting his client were retracted and the costs paid to which he had been put he would ask for no damages. Mr. FNEALY said his client declined to retract. M1r. KENEALY then addressed the jury for the defence, contending that the article was pointed to the public question of the conduct and proceedings of the Roman Catholic Church, and not at the plaintiff personally, and that the present was an attempt by that Church to stop the public discussion of her tenets and to gag the press. In all Rontan Catholic countries a censorship of the press was established, and it was only in this country that tle press was free. He, then referred to the period of Queen Elizabeth and to the doings of the Romish Church at that time. Mental reserva-. tion and equivocation were imputed to the members of that, tiths '3e iAmeed ouwll then contended that the cvzj".- eate was itself impious 2and idol troia,as it placed the Virgin Maryin the poition of' God It exhorted prayers to be nude daily to the Virgin Mary, but none to the Deity. That part of the libeL, therefore, which-termed the plaintiff an idolater was justified. He referred to the conduct of the Bomish Churchin Austria and in France in putting down a free press. The article had been written when there was a great deal of excitement relativetoaconcordatwith Austria. This concordat the learned counsel proposed to read, but his Lordship rejected it as irrelevant. The learned counsel then read the 19th section of the Bill of Rights, which absolves the people of this country from their allegiance to the Queen if she should change her religion for that of Rome. The object of this association was to convert her, and that was treason. This association was banded together in defiance of the law. Would they mulct the defendant in heavy damages and CoSts for opposing such principles as these? The lea2ned counsel then referred to the canons of the Church of Rome, some of which he proposed to reasL His Lordship decided that they were irrelevant; neither should he take judicial notice of them. The learned counsel then proposed to read the canons of the Council of Trent concerning heretics, which decreed that heretics were to be sought out and put to death, as the plaintiff had stated that he was bound by the decrees of his His LomisHiu objected to this course being taken. It was going into one side of the Popish controvery, and would he highly objectionable. It was not only irrelevant, but mischievous. The learned counsel then contended that the object of the article was to attack such doctrines as these, and that there was in it no personal malice to the plaintiff, and called on the jury to give nominal damages. Eisi Lomsunis'. in summing up, commented on the observations of the learned counsel about the freedom of the press. Freedom did not consst in one man insisting that his opinions should be taken as gospel by all other men; but treedom consisted in a man not only being free himself to assert his opinions, but in his assenting to the like freedom in others. Thero could be no true freedom if the editor of a newspaper were allowed to impute the offence of treason and rebe ionto people merely because they happened to be members of a dififerent religion, and because they had, as sincerenmembersf -their faith, a desire that others should think like themselves. With regard to the atrocities perpetrated in the name of religion in times gone by, such times were gone by for both Catholics and Protestants. Mankind was too enlightened to tolerate such proceedings as these which had been suggested for the destruction of heretics. With regard to the mode in which the certificate had been obtained, his Lordship described the picking up of the certiicate, which had fallen from the plaintiff's pocket, and taldng it to the defendant's office, as an act of theft. The defendant had rejected overtures of peace, and had instructed his counsel to impute perjury to the plaintiff. His Lordship then told the jury to give such damages as would represent their sense of the injury infiictedeon the plaintiff The jury retired, and after a short absence returned with a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 451.
WESTLRN eRrnrrT TAnNTOliF The commission was opened here on Thursday afternoon by Ifr. Serijeant ChanneL Mr. Justice Crowder, who had been detained in Cornwa31, arrived in the course of the evening. The calendar contained the names of 53 prisoners. The Nisi Prius cause list presented an- unusual aspect for the county of Somerset-only six cases, a thing never before known. On Friday the judges, having attended divine service, proceeded to the different barns, miscalled courts, and took their seats, 3fr. Justice Crowder presiding in the Crown Court, and MIr. Serjeat Channel sitting at Nisi Priu. John Thomas was indicted for uttering a forged 51. Bank of England note at Bridgwnter on the 27th of February. Mar. Cole and lIr. Coleridge were counsel for the prosecution. The facts of this case were very simple. It appeared that the prisoner bought some few articles at a shop in Bridgwater, in payment for which he tendered a 51. Bank of England note. This note was afterwards discovered to be a forged one. The prisoner was then folowed to his lodgings and apprehended. A box was found in his lodgings, which was covered with oilcloth, and fastened down all round. Upon opening it with a key given by the prisoner, it appeared to contain clothes, but the constable could no' fnd any money or notes. In the course of the evening, however, the constable again seaached the box, and upon measuring it he found thatit was not so deep in the inside as it was out ; he therefore pulUed off the covering, and then discovered a drawer, which was; screwed in. Upon taking out the screw he drew out the drawer, and then he found eight forged 51. Bank of England notes. It was also shown that he had passed another forged note in Bristol. The prisoner, in his defence, said that he had applied to a respectable gentleman in london for work; the gentleman said he had not any work for him, but if he *would remnain for half an hour he would see what he could do. The gentleman went away, bat after some time he returned, and then he gave him (the prisoner) 10 51.-notes. He said to him, "Inope they are genuine; I hope you are not going to get me into trouble." The gentleman assured hima they were good notes, and he had just obtained them at the bank. The learned JUDGE having summed up, The Jury found the prisoner Guilty; and he was sentenced to be transported for 15 years. Henry croft and Sarah Croft pleaded " Guilty" to indictments charging them with stealing newspapers, and were sentenced to six months' imprisonment.
MR. HEADAMPS _MEDICAL BILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMBS. Sir,-I trust you will afford me space for a brief reply to the somewhat voluminous observations which "S. T. IL" has made on Mfr. Headlam's Medical BiU. As I have for some years devoted much attention to the subject of medical legislation, and have communicated with every university and medical body on the subject, I trust that my observations will not be considered as altogether without weight. The necessity for some act to regulate the medical profession is generaly acknowledged. Several statutes which have recently come into force confer certain powers and privileges, and impose certain duties, on "legaly qualifled medical practitioners." Owing[to the conflicting jurisdiction of the 22 medical licensing bodies in the united kingdom, there is some difficulty in ascertaining to whom this definition applies. Yet, for the sake of our sanitary legislation alone, it is needful that the point should be settled. This is one of the objects which will be attained by Mr. Headlam's bill. Moreover, it is well known that the standar& of examination in several of the medical corporate bodies is shamefully low, a sort of competition being kept up among some of them which shall obtain the most fees bysinking its test of qualification lowest. Tniswouldberemedied byM.r. Headlam's supervising council, whowould compel every examining board to come up to a minimum of nroficiency. No w?onder that this.provision is opposed by some of the " constituted representatives," as your correspondent terms them, of the medical profession; the very necessity for its enactment being a reproach to their remiss. ness, if I am not to say to their misbehaviour. The objections urged by your correspondent refer almost entirely to two points-he objects to the registration being into two classes instead of into three, and he objects to the representative system in the council As to the first objection, I may observe that the plan of perpetuating by statute three classes of medical practitioners has been already tried by former medical legislators, and that it failed signally; the measure in which it was proposed being defeated by the strong professional feeling manifested against it. The absence of such a provisionfrom Mr. Headlam's bil can therefore be a ground of regret only to those who wish to see it thrown out at all events. As to the second objection-that to the representative members of the,'council-I am unable to see the force of 'your correspondent's remarks. If sound, they would apply equally to all representative institutions. IN'o doubt repre sentative government has its faults, but they are the faults attaching to free discussion and publicity, and it possesses great countervailing advantages. The Universities of Oxford andCambridge-not veryrevolutionary bodies-are governed by universal suflrage. The scheme just put forward by the Inns of Court Commissioners (including two of our .most eminentjudges) for the government of the bar recommends a senate chosen in a way almost precisely similar to that by which the council in Mr. Headlam's Bil is to be elected. Are the fears of " S. T. HE" to be put against such facts as these, or are we to suppose that medical men are different from every other class ? - Let us see by whom this biU is supported, and by whom it is opposed. It is opposed by the councils of some corporate bodies who have a personal interest in keeping things as they are, and in preventing all wholesome reforms. Selfelected and irresponsible, they dread the advent of free government in the medicalprofeesion, and shrink from the impartial supervision of a, representative counciL On the other hand, the bill is supported by the great mass of the profession throughout the kingdom, who know their own wants, are alive to the spirit of the times, and repudiate the obstructiveness of the medical corporations. Numerous meetings of medical men have been held in its favour, and a large number of petitions sent up. Among the latter is one from the College of Physicians, who could use illiberal arguments with as much force as any other of the colleges, but who have been too wise to join them in opposition. In truth, Sir, the long agitated question of medical reform can now be settled at once. Mr. Headlam's bill, let interested opponents say what they may, is accepted by an immense majority of the profession which it is designed to regulate; and I belieye that on Wednesday next their wishes willhave the weight they deserve, because the time has gone by when the advocates of corporate abuse andi medieval monopoly found a willing audience in the House of Commons. Iun, Sir, your obedient servant, THEl DRAUGHTSLAN OF THE BILL. [Advertisement.]-" Our Own Stozy," by Se2ina Banbury, 3 vols., just publibshed. "This is a work of unquestionable genusu The storyis one full of interest, it is managed with consummate skill, animatedbycharaetera toucbedbythe hand of an artist, And well fitted to enlist the sympathy of the reader, while there is an eloquent ginDlicity In Miss B3unburys style, equally remote from careless negli'ence oad from straining after point and eplgram. It is a work that will hardly be laid down unread when onee taken up.- C.bronicle. ALo, just publisbed, " Margaret and her Bridesmaids.`'by the author of " Woman's Devotion," 3 vols.: t" Rank and Reauty. or the Young BaronegsB" @ yoIs, Jfrzt and Elacce*t, 33, Get Marl- hM10
THE DESTRUCTION OF COVENT GARDEN THEATBE. TO TEIE EDITOR OF THE TIMiS. Sir,-It is with the greatest reluctanoe that I intmde my private afairs on the notice of the pubEl. It has only been on very rare occasions that I bave ever done so. Sinoe the late dreadful catastrophe it Covent-garden Theatre I have been urged by many friends to reply to the numerous pam - grphs which have appeared in the newspapers concerning myself; but Ihave preferred-and I hope wisely-to believo tha the public would not construe my silence into an assent to the many extraordinary statements which have been published. I feel, however, that a portion of Mr. Andetson's letter, which appears in your impression of to-day, ought not to temaian without a reply. It is that ;part which gives the inpression-possibly not intendedc by the writer-that I only gave permision for the bal mc.squz to take place when induced by the offer of Mr. Anderson to appropriate the receipts to the-payment of the rent due. The facts are these :-On February 23 I was at Madrid, and there received a letter from Mr. Anderson, requesting permission to give a bal masnosq, stating he had no other way of paying his rent. I wrote by that night's post, simply refusing permission, without any kind of qulification or terms whatever. The same afternoon I received a telegraphic despateh from lr. Anderson in these words:*' e craignant pas votre refus Bousles circonstances, j'ai announce un bal conjointement avec mon benefice dans une telle mani4re quo l'un ne peut ae passer de rautre. Je vous supplie donc do donner votre permission, sans quoi vous savez que je suis perdu," signed "Anderson." To this, within half an hour, I telegraphed this answer"Je ne donne pas permission pour lo baL" Afterthis I was naturally astounded, on arriving at Paris on the fol. lowing Thursday, February 29, to see by the London papers that Mr. Anderson had persisted in advertising the bid IWsqud all the week. I immediately ent another telegraph in these swords :-"I cannot permit the ball." On the Sunday I received another letter from Mr. Anderson, containing a most urgent appeal, saying, " I have pledged myself to the public so far that it is impossible for me to retract vWithout ruin to miyself;" that he had no other means of paying his rent; begging me "rescind my interdict," and to be allowed to keep faith with thepublic, &c, Few would, I think, have resisted this appeaL I, unfortunately, did not, and wrote to my solicitor (Mr. Tamplin) to that effect by the post of Sunday, March L 'Up to this time it will be seen that I had positively re fused permission for the ball to take place, without attempt. ing to make any kind of condition or even mentioning the subject of the rent due by Mr. Anderson; but Mr. Anderson having stated to Mr. Tamplin that his sole object in giving the entertainments he had announced was to enable him to pay his rent, it was arranged-and I believe without any opposition on the part of Mr. Anderson-that the receipts of the two nights should be paid over to my treasurer, but with this important proviso, not mentioned in Mr. Anderson's letter-viz., that a sum not exceeding 4001. should be returned to Mr. Anderson to enable him to paythe expenses consequent on the two nights (the profits, in fact, only remaining mine), and that any balance which might remain was to be paid by Mr. Anderson's acceptance at six months, his theatrical property in the theatre remaining as my security. I must add, I never knew of this arrangement until Tuesday, March 4, previous to vwhich, it will be remembered, Ihad already given permission for the balL On WVednesday morning, March 5, I was aroused by the fearful intiluation by telegraph, that Covent-Garden Theatre was on fire. I arrived in London, after an absence from London of nearly a month, and was soon applied to by Mr. Anderson for the 4001. I said, that the property was burnt which I was to hold as security, but that, as Mr. Anderson was insured for the sum of 2, 0001, he could give me an order on the insurance-office to receive the amount of My claim, and I would pay him the 4001. For what reason I know not, I have not received this order, and consequently I have not paid the 4001. 1 was, indeed, very much surprised to see in Mr. Anderson's letter any evidence of ill-feelng towards myself, for he has all along acknowledged and expressed himself grateful for the manner in which I had behaved towards him. 3ad it been my wish to have acted harshly, I had ample power so to do, and, as to the receipts of the tbeatre, I could, by my agreement, have any night put monoy-takers at the doors and have helped myself. I am sorry Mr. Anderson should have introduced my name into a letter which appears essentially to have been written with a view to rebut certain insinuations which have been made against him; but if it will afford him the slightest satisfaction to hear it, I beg publiely to say, that if, from all the extraordinary circumstances connected with the late fire, ,the dreadful conviction is forced upon me that it was not tiresult of accident, my suspicions have never for one moment lighted upon him. WFith your pernission, Sir, I will allude to one more of the reports which have appeared in your paper concerning myself-viz., the report of the meeting of the shareholders of the theatre on the 15th of March. Mr. Surrnan, who represented the proprietors, is reported to have said that Mr. Gye was in their debt for rent the sum of 1,7001., and that the arrears of Mr. Gye had extended over several years. Matters of account are not easy of explanation in a public meeting, and I think Mr. Surman's meaning must have been misunderstood. Since I have been the lessee of Covent. garden Theatre my rent has amounted to something above 34,0001. On the 31st of December last the whole claim the proprietors made upon me was under 200L, and this sum I believe-and I had told the proprietors so-was the result of an error in the accounts ;but, supposing it to have been correct, it is surely but a small balance to be due on such a sum as 3A,000. The present quarter a saum of 1,500Z. had become due, the greater part of 'which would have been paid had not the fire occurred. I really feel, Sir, that your columns ought nob to be en. cumbered with such details as the above, nor should your readers be annoyed with the recital of such personalities and my only excuse is that I act in self-defence. I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient F. GYE. servaiTt, I rnoe's-place, Eaiistreet, Covent-garden, March 29.
AccoucHunNT oF TNE EPRHEss OF TEom RFweu. -No authentic account of the .parturition of the Empress of the French has yet been published. We gather generally that the labour was somewhat protracted, the infant much above the average size, and that the forceps had to be used. It is stated in the public prints that the Empress did not take chloroform, but we have reason to know that this is not correct. After suffering for a considerable period, she begged to have chloroform administered to her; but xf Dubois, having a strong objection to its employment, only consented to the inbalation of a small quantity. The result, however, was anything but beneficial, great excitement and some delirium ensuing. The chloroform wmas immediately discontinued, but it was some little time before its injurious effects had entirely sabsided. As the labour did not progress satisfactorily, and as the expulsive pains ere evidently insufficient to effect delivery, it was determined, after a consultation to apply the long forceps. These were used with great dexterity by IL Dubois, with the happy result of completing the labour with safety to the mother and child. The application of the forceps was attended with thenpro-- duction of a bruise on the face of the infant, but the injury is net at all serious, and is gradually but sensibly diminishmng. T'he "milk fever"' supervenir,g has been of the ordinary character of this affection in mothers not nursing their children, and has been productive of no alanrm. Happily, all iS now v.ell with both theImperial patients.-Lancet. BEyEEWEeCCE OF :HER MAESTY.-IIn addition to the numerous instances in which Her Majesty has extended her benevolent aid to relieve the calamities of soldiers wounded in the East, she has within these last few weeks given an order to Mr. F. Gray, of Cork-street, to supply an artificial limb to Isaac Church, of the Grenadier Guards, who lost an arm at Jnkermann, and appointed him a porter at Windsor Castle. The same gentleman has also, byRtoyal order, constructed an artificial limb for Douglas Gardiner of the Scots Grays, who lost a leg at Balaklava. The inhabitants. of Oswestry had partly subscribed to alleviate the loss of Gardiner, but, the sabscription not being sufficient to defray the expense, Her Majesty at once made up the difference required from her own purse. MKichael MEagre, who iS decorated with three medals and four clasps, has, by the Royal boaunty, also been furnished with an artificial limb on the principle of the inventor, and 'will obtain a situation in the Custom-hou;se. THE TESTrIOniAL TO MAJOR-GEN-iAL WINHAi.M-On Saturday there was a meeting at the Shire-hall, lSorwich, of the subscribers to the testimonial to General Windh , for his gallantry at the assault on the Redan on the 8th of September; the object being to Teceive a report from the committee appointed to carry the wishes of the subscribers into effect. ihr. A. Hamond was in the chair. 3Mr. Birch, on the part of the committee, stated that the number of subscribers amounted to more than 900, and that the sum realized was about 1,1091. General Windham having expressed a wish that if a sword were given to him it should be a real, serviceable fighting one, and not a mere bauble for nurserymaids to look- at and children to play with, it had been determined by the committee to give the General two swordsa dress sword, which he might wear before the Queen, and another whiclh he might use in battle. One sword, therefore, would be handsome, but not tawdry, and the other one of the best fighting swords which England could produce. They would be sent to the Crimea as soon as the;y could be finished. The balance of money raised, after paying for these svords, would be forwarded to General Windham. After hearing this statement, the meeting sanctioned the proceedings of the committee. A Metropolitan Milk and B:itter Corpany, a Photographic Association, and a London Unadulterated Food league Company (all limited) are announced. THE MoRMoNs.-A fine ship, the Enoch Trail, having been chartered to converv a cargo of Mormons to the JUnted States en route to their settlement in 'Utah territory, 300 men and women and boys and - Is left Birminghamm for the purpose on the 19th, to join tco rest of the contingent at iAverpool. There are altogether 900 on boardthe BhoQh Thail, which sailed on Monday.
ST. MARTTPS-hHALL. Emboldened by the succeSS of his cheap concerts and determined to extend their sphere, MIr. kIullahhas com. xnenced a series of orchestral perfornmances (to take place evexy Saturday), the first of which was a good augry for the future. The shilling public-a large and eminently ib t-lbvingcclaw-eas nowhearthe symphonies, cnonertos,. and overtures, as well as the oratorios, of the great masters,. and just as efficiently executed. - The audience on Saturday night was chiefly composed of persons to whom the snoderate charge for admission is most acceptable. The "area" (at a shilling) was crammed; the gaUery (at half-a-crown) was respectably filled; while the stalls (at5s.) were httt scantily attended. If Mr. Hullab can sna7;e both ends-meet on these conditions, he may be congratulated on having rendered a new service to the masses, and that without detriment to his own interestsh The programme of the first concert was as follows:- PART L Orerture-"Coriolanus" .Beethoven. .Air-I)afla sus paoe" Moz. Scena-" Ocean I thoe mighty monster . Weber. Trio-* Tantungor .. . . .. .. RossinL symphouy-''Jupitere .. .. .. .. ozrt, PART IL -Andante and PIondo, in B minor ... . delssodhn TriO-- Oh I memory" ... Henry Ieslie. ! Meditation sur le Premier Prelue de Bach .. Gouno&t Ballad-"There'sacharin nSpring' .. . uiL Overture-` Les Troqueura" .. .. .. Werold. Conduetor.. . . lab. The orchestra (of 54 performers) waS excellent, the only weak part bem the violoncellos-weak in number, not in quality. Its hest performance was the magnificent sjymp ony of Mozart, which was played in stliCt accordance with the composer's directions-ald the parts marrked " Da Capo," being for once in a way repeated. The audience, if we mayjudge by the attention and enthusiastic applause they bestowed, did not find the symphony a bit too long. In fact it could scarcely have been appreciated with more warmth and unanimity. Mr. Lindsay Sloper was the pianist. Bis execution of M£endelssohn's difflcult rondo was, admirable so faras mechanism went,; but the secondmovement was taken too fast to be effective. The orchestral sccompaniments to this fine piece would have been all 'the better for an occasionalpiaino; from one end to the other there was no such thing. ML Gounod's Mceditation upon Sebastian Bach's prelude inC was encored. The perforners were Messrs Blagrove (violin), Sloper (Piano), and Hopldns (organ). It is not often that Mfr. Blagrove plays out of tune; but on the present occasion his intonation did not always exhibit its accustomed purity. Our opinion of this composition has been given already, and a second has confirmed the objections it was our duty to make. The word "meditation" has avery imposing sound, no doubt. Nevertheless, since the achievement for which it stands is simply the addition of a fiddle and an organ part to a prelude which Bach had presented to the world as complete, and since the melody intrasted to the violin is wholly out of c'narcterwith the music of that profound and ingenious contrapuntist, we are constrained to insist that ML Gounod was "meditating" to no good purpose when he resolved to set about so incongruous a task. Nothing could be better than the vocal music at this concert. The " Tantum ergo" of Rossini, which in style closely resembles certain parts of his Staoat H ater, went well, and was very acceptable, although less deep than melodious and gracefuL The singers were Messrs. Sims Reeves, IL Smith tenor), and Thomas (bass). Mr. H. Leslie's trio, "Oh ! ]emory" (recently noticed in a report of one of the Anateur Mscal society's concerts) was encored-a compliment in a great measure owing to the singing of Mr. and Mrs. Sims xeeves and Miss P'almer (contralto). Another encore was awarded to a ballad by Mfr. Hullah, called " The Charm of Spring," sung with genuine and unaffected expression by M BReeves. lhe audience, however, would have shown a more classical taste had they redemanded the beautiful and too much neglectedair of Don Ottavio (" Dallasuapace"), where those artistic qualities which have gained for thesinger so wide and just a popularity had a far more legitimate field for display. Ms Reeves gave the elaborate scena from Oberon with such animation and true musical feeling as to make us regret that nature had not endowed her with physical means in proportion. If this lady possessedasgood a voice as some singers we could name, she would leave not a few of her contemporaries a long way behind. HErold's overture (heard for the first tune in London) is so piquant and lively, and instrumented for the orchestra with such uniform prettiness, that we trostMr. Hullah may be ableto find more froethesame source. It was remarkably well performed, and terminated the concert with 6c&af. The audience remained attentive and quiet to the end, and therein read a lesson by which the subscribers to our Philharmonic Societies might profit. The programme, however, was just the proper length; and this had doubtless a beneficial influence.
TEE LASS OF B.ICHEUOND-HILL. TO TEE EDITOl OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the notice on "M I!rs. Fitzherbert" in your impres. sion of Saturday last occurs the following passage:- " We learn from Lord Stourton that it was at this conjuncture that her beauty was celebrated in a popular song, in which allusion was thus made to the addresses of the heir apparent cd crowns resign to call her mine, " 'Sweet lass of Richmond-hill.' His Lordship is wzong This popular song was -written by MIr. Leonard MINaUy (born Seutember 27, 1752), a man of some repute in his day as a barnister as well as an author. The " oass of Richmond-hill" was written in honour of Miss Ianson, the daughter of Mr. William lanson, of Richmond-hill, Seybourne, Yorksshire, a lady to whom he was married at St. George's, Hanover-square, on the 16th of January, 1787. In addition to the "Iass of Richmond-hill," Leonard M?Nally wrote various ballads and romances of great merit, wfhich, I belEeve, it is the intention of his daughter by his second marriage, w.ith Miss Edgewvorth (the youngest daughter of Dr. Edgeworthj, to publish with his biog,raphy. I hope you will excuse this trespass upon your columns hv vour obedient servant. TEE GRANDSON OF THE LASS OF RIOMrno-TMY, I G.aick Club, 3Trch 30.
LONDON SMOKE. TO THE EDITOB- OF TEIE TIMES. Sir,-The importance of the following subject, as regards the health and comfort of the 2,500,000 persons inhabiting this dingy metropolis, has induced meto address a few remarls to yonr influential journaL On the 20th of August, 185, came into force an act (16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 128) "to abate the nuisance arisingfrom the smoke of fcrnaces in the metropolis, and from steamvessels above London-bridge." I am desirous to direct the attention of the public to the existence of this act, for, instead of the smoke of furnaces, &c., being consumed in the manmer contemplated, I fear a eat dea too much is still consumed. by us poor Londoners. The operation of the act is defective to a great extent, as any observer may discover on casting his eyes towards the tall chimneys in the vicinity of the City-road and other parts of the metropolis. The great impediment to the efficient worldng of the act is, that proceedings are not taken until the inhabitants complain of being annoyed by the smoke that issues from their neig,hbours' chimneys-a step distasteful to their feelings, and adopted only with the greatest reluctance; instead of which, if the initiative were left to the police a speedy abatement of the nuisance might be confidently looked for. In the metropolis the power to carry out the act, on receiving a complaint from the inhabitants, is conferred on the Commissioner of Police; and on perusing the act it would appear that similar power is conferred on the Commissoner of Police for the city of London, but it is in appearance only, for the 7th section enacts " that nothing in this act shall be held to alter or repeal any provision of the City of London Sewers Act, 185L" The power consequently, in the city, tests with, the Commissioners of Sewers. Last autumn we were gratified -with the announcement that, in consequence of the suppression of smoke from the steamvessels above London-bridge, the flowers in the Temple gardens were more luxuriant, and the foliage of the trees superior, than in former years, and that both retained their beauty to a later period than usuaaL. et the ;public and the authorities unite in carrying out the intention of the act with vigour, and we shall then be able to rejoice in other similar results. I am. Rir vlr o~hpAipnt p.vacPot. S. MaTch 28.
Tim MIuDimiE Bousmu.-The execution of this mretched maT for the murder of his -wife and three children will talke place this (Monday) morning at Newgate. The prisoner continues to exhibit the same apathetic sullen demeanour that has characterized him during the whole period that he has been in the gaol, and he professes to regard the whole tranSaction as a terible dream, and not to be aware of having committed the dreadful crimes laid to his charge. The Rev. Mdr. Davis, the Ordinary of the prison, has been unceasing in his exertions to bring him to a true sense of his position, but hitherto apparently with very little effect. It is the opinion of those about him, however, that a good deal of Mis conduct is assumed, and there is no doubt that he entertamis still a hope that he may be spared, and this impression is doubtless confrined by the fact that Corrigan, who it will be remembered was convicted of a most brutal murder upon, his wife, was respited almost at the last moment. The sheriffs saw the prisoner yesterday, and informed him that he must prepare for the execution of the sentence. Re appeared very little moved by the anunouncement. There is no doubt that the prisoner comiitted the dreadful deed under the influence of jealousy, one of his children having informed him that a young man, 'who was in the habit of coming to the shop, had been seen by her acting with great familiarity towards the unhappy deceased woman, and this drove him into a paroxysm of rage, during which he committed the act of bloodshed. The only relation of the prisoner that has visited him is a siser. He wrote to his father, reuesting that he would come and see him, but it appears that illness prevented him from complying with the request.-Observcx. FRIGEifUL DEATH ON A :RArLwAY.-On Thursday morning, while the train with passengers from the north was on its way from Grant6n to Edinburgh, the guard of the :Perth division of the train, a young man named Thomas Lmnsden, was killed in avery shockng manner. e must have been standing on the top of one of the carriaes, for, as the train passed under a bridge or conduit which crosses the line a little above Triity, he was struck on the head, and dropped from the carriage ;in falling, hislimbs got entangled among tho wheels, and he was carried round severaltimes, his body being fearfully mangled.-Glgegw Dcit,1 faia. PuBLIc D.TsGrAc OF A CLsCGY h.-n Easter Sunday a writ from the Lord Bishop of Durham was afixed to the doors of the parish church of Darlington, suspending the perpetual curate (Rev. A. T. Howell) rom the duties of the curacy for two years. This step has been taken in pursuance of the report of a clerical commission. promoted by two of the principal inhabitants, on the alIegation of drunktunness.- ettwc atI Gitadia2l.
DESPERATB AFFAAY WITH POACHRES At an ealy hour on Saturday morning a sanguiary encounter took place on the estates of the Earl of Ellesmere, at Worsley, near Manchester, between his Lordship's gamekeepers aud some poachers. Five keepers were in ambushl Ima preserve, near a plantation called Botaily Bay-wood, when eight pachers stambled upon their place of conceal3nent, 'and a conflict of a most desperate character at once ensued. The keepers were armed- with swords, and the poachers with heavy sticks. Four of the poachers were |made prisoners, and fonr escaped. The encounter took place about 1 o'clock in the morning. At a later hour, about 1L the prisoners were brought to the New Bailey Court-house, Salford, for examination before -r. Henry Leigh Trafford, X magistrate of the county. Both parties presented a most sanguinary, brigandish, and grotesque appearance. Three of the prisoners had received wounds on the left temple, fromr which the streaks of clotted blood radiated as from a centre. crosing their faces in broad strip.s They had, besides, cuts and bruises about the crovnms an. back parts of their heeds ; one had an awful gash on the outer and fleshy side of the left hand, which appeared to be laid open to the bone, and one was said to have been thrnst; through the fleshy pteof his right arnuwitbhasword. One prisoner was also said -to have had a severe bite from a dog, for both keepers and poachers had dogs with thenL Tbree of the keepers appeared to have suffered severely from bows about the face and head, and blood had flowed freely from their wounds, but the injuries they had received were recessarily of a more superficial character than those of the prisoners. The frst %itness was Police-constable Bumrowes, 172, who said bis station was near to the Earl of Ellesmere's park, and he was sent for that morning and received the rnsoners ia custody from the keepers, at the farmhouse of Mr. Hamilton, at Booth-town. Peter Berry, gamekeeper to the Earl of Ellesmere, said,Iwas on the watch with other keepers that morning at halfpast 12 o'clock, in a field belonging to his Lordshirp near Botany Bay-wood, and in the occupation of Mzr. Patrick antton, a farmer, about two roiles from Worsic. We were sitting down by a gate. We were watching -therebeasegame hd been recently taken from that part. here were fve of them. After being there some time we heardL the sound of approaching footsteps, and saw eight or nine men coming from the direction of Woraley. Among them, we afterwards found, were the prisoners Collier, Harry and Edward Bentley, and John Johnlson. We took off our coats and jackets, and when they saw us one of them said, " There are only four of them-lay into 'em." They were all armed with thick bludgeons, and had two dogs with them. As soon as they got near enough they laid about uS with their bludgeons. Several of us were knocked down, and we Inocked two or three of them down. I was knocked down, and after getting up one of the Bentleys closed with me. I received a good many blows, but ultmately made this man prisoner. The keepers did not use their eutlasses until after they had received blows from the sticks of their assailants, wvho would bave, killed them if they could. The place where this took place was part of the manor of Worsley, and game was preserved there. There was no footpath through or near the field where the prisoners were, and besides bludgeons the prisoners dropped upon the ground 14 or 15 nets for snanng game and a bundle of rods to fix them with. Before they came up to and saw the keepers I heard one oE them telling the others that they had taken a hare at thiis place once before. Theother kieepers, Abel and Thomas Sharples, James Berry, and John Mann, corroborated the testimony of this witness. MIr. TRuyonD asked 3iamn how it was he appeared to - have escaped without marks of violence. Mann said it chanced that he irot all the blows about his shoulders and body, but hewasexcceedingly sore andbrnised under his clothes. The nets and rods found were thrown down in the scuffle. One of the prisoners had a bag in hi% pocket for game. The other poachers had got away, and. were not known. The prisoners hs.vingbeen asked what they had got to say, Collier stated that as they approached the keepers they heard thema whispering, and he said to his companions, "Chaps, we had better go ;" hut the keepers let slip their dogs at them, one of them biting Henry Bentley severely in the hand, while several of the keepers camne npon him,. knocked him down, and wounded binn writh a swor. "mOne of -them," continued the prisoner, "knocked me down, and another of them -told hinito kIdll me." The prisoner Henry Bentley pointed to the severe injuries he had received, exhibiting particularly the severe gash mn one of Ins hands. n, one of the keepers, said the prisoner Bentley's hand was wounded, be thoug¢ht, bycatching hold of the blade of his sword. Their dogs barked, but he did not think they injured anyone. Mr. TR.AnSOnI told Collier that be believed he was one of the worst men in the country; he had been three times convicted of felony, had been in custody four or five times for stealing in gardens, and committing assaults. CoDier.-Begging your pardon, the last time I was COnvicted for nothing. Mr. TRaroB;.-Row many timnes besides? Collier.-Twice. Mr. TrroFD said it appeared three of them lived at Flixton and the other at ITrmston; all three to four miles from the place whero they met the keepers. It was on no field path4 and at that time, and with nets and rods abmt them, it was clear they were there for the purpose of poacbing. They hRd resisted the keepers -with desperato violence; and he had but one duty to perform, which was to commit them for trial at the asszes. The prisoners were then removed, and have since been talken to Livert oL
TH: APrItOACHING TRiAL OF WmTrL. PAIaNIT -The approaching trial of William Palmer is anticipated by scientific men with an interest scarcely less intense than that which is felt by the public. A physiological questiort of the greatest interest, in a merely scientific point of vipw, and of momentous importance in its medico-legal bearings, will have to be discussed. It wil be in the recollection of our waders that on the publication of Dr. Taylor's report of his investigation of the body of Ann Palmer we immediately drew atteintion to one nmarkable conclusion drawn by tbat; gentleman. TMat conclusion was as follows.-Abouttwo grains and -:half of antimony were found in the tisses examined. It was hence argued by Dr. Taylor that antimony must have been administered to the deceased within a few days prior to her death; for, had antimonybeen administeredc at a remote date, it would have been eliminated from the. system. This fact and this reasoning are thus made, witli collateral circumstances, to support the further conclusionu that the antimonv was administered with the view of causing the death of Mrs. Palmer. We suggested that this reasoning was opposed to the well-known fact of the extraordinary difficulty experienced in getting rid of other metals, such as mercury, lead, and silver, from the system. We appealed to the scientific world for evidence in the shape of experiments and observations in proof of the position Dr. Thylor had assumed. Avalued correspondent, Dr. Webster, subsequently drew attention to some direce experiments instituted for the purpose of determining thoe period required for the discharge of antinony from the body, which showed that not a few days, but even months, were insufficient. D)r. Taylor, in reply, asserted his. ability to maintain his position bv authentic facts, but reserved them until the trial shoad take place. This is a, question which will probably engage the anxious attention of the Court It is understood that many scientific men o£ high reputationwill be summoned to give theirexperience and their opinions upon it; andthat even some of our confreres from the continent will appear as witnesses. The importance of the poit at issue will be at once seen if we reflect upon thelogical consequences of suc] a conclusio& as that arrived a' by-Dr. Taylor. Antimony is found in X dead body i therefore antimony must have been taken -witbin a shortpernod of death. N~ow, if we assume it to be proved. that rno antimony ws prescribed by a medical practitioner during the last illness of the person whose death is The subject of inquiry, there arises immediately a privafaeric proof that it was administered for a nefarious purpose, and some one connected with the deceased might be placed in custodyupon a charge of murder. No effort, then, should be spared to set this question at rest. We raised it with nO special reference to its bearing upon the charge against William. Palmer. We have carefuly avoided any discussion of the evidence as bearing upon that particular charge. It is because the'question is one of general interest that it pressesr for solution. Feeling this very strongly, and being inomr anxious that the truth should be ascertained and the strea, of justice should be pure than that legal forrms aud technical precedents should be too rigidly observed, we should be glad; to see every possible facility given for the thorongh investigation of the subject before the day of trial, in order thati tbe scientific witnesses for the prosecution and defence might be enabled to bring before the Court such fuil and. pecise informnation as may set the question for ever at rest. We, therefore, think-reserving aJI opinion as to poiynts of legal formality-that the applhcation mnade by Mx. Smith, of Birmingham, the solicitor for the defence, for the .nwitAen reports of Dr. Taylor, containing a record of the-ci-cumstances and the deductions by which he arrived -at his conclusion, ought to have been ganted. Technically, indeed, these reports may not form substantive portivns of the depositions which the prisoner has a right to be furnished with; but, on the grounds we have stated, we cannot but feel that it is a matter for just regret that the meas of repeating the experiments and testing the reasoning of Dr. Taylor are -withheld. The objection raised is, that al this is matter for cross-examination atthetial This is, in factk to leave a question which requiree careful examination and deliberate research to the chance informtion of the witnesses summoned, and the skill df the barristers employed. Such a course is not the ibeost onducive to the discovery of trath-it is scant justice to thxe prisoner. The result of this application must raise another question of the gravest importance in the conductijg of cases of this nature, when delicate chyinical and'pstb!r. -logical investigations have to be muade. Is it not desirable, that something of a public character should be given tt> these investigations? Ought they to be committed absolutely to the private direction of any indiviaual, boweverhigh his moral and scientific emuinenlce s Ought they, inX fine, to be conducted in secret, w;ith no opportunity fi.r the accu sed person to chec3k the proceedinlgbs no external ob-er'(t on to inspire the public mind with confidence in the3 results ?-Lisncet. SLiGO BO .-OUG -A petition agviist the otrarn of the Right Hon. John Wynn, upon the grotud *lf briheyikaR treating, wil be presented on Monday, and the vrcegiizance duly perfected. Mr. E. Jawes, Q.04 is e14uet for the petition,
TURKEY. ffROM OUR w mR ' CONSTAITMNOPLE, Armn20. NVhile the P<&potentiaries at Paris are discusttng the jutuvre 1,sition of the Danubian Princ4ioUities lih p9td4s most nearly concerned in these arrs gemeiitvare likewise beginningto move snd to execttthemsavesin order to bring about the solution mast pzofisttble to their own interests, The snlestions made at the preliminary confer'cnces at'Oonstantinople ae by- no xeans favourable to the.Lresent rulers of M3olda and Wallachia,. but, a.1ao definitiveconclkons have been come to in these e1reliininarv confereaces, tihere remnains still, a chancev for the fOV&oars to aaake the tide turn. at Clontantinople and arois. According to all accoicts Prince Sirbey -seems to be especially dermined to leave eiaotihg undone to reverse the suggestions of the oTeliminary conferences. !iBince Greg7y {Ghika, of Moldasvia, has, durig *Ie Russian occupation, as well as since then, Ilayed a mere secondarr part, and, yielding to he force Of cizcnmstances, kej's a passive rather Ithan activeeAtitude; lbrt Prince Stirbey, strong in the support 'of &Atria-nd Russia, is by no means deterxed by the uriromaising aspect of thing s, and works by ~is ageaCis to becomle hereditary ruler of one if net'of -baetPDanubian Principalities. Here, atfConstantinople, his pretensions have, as yet, not made :great progress. He has probably friends among those who are at all times ready to sacrifme Sneir convictions to their private interest, but the great majority of those who will have to decide rpon ihis :pretensions are strongly opposed to them; They -cannt forget the part Prince Stirbey played-during theRussian occupation, which leaves no dqukt abouttthe danger of giving the most exposed irontiers of the empire into the hands of a man dho-distinguishedhimself so prominentlyas an ever ready to6l-of- either Austria or Russia. As ths 'behaviour may not be well remembered by l Europe it-will be as well to say a few words about it. When the Russians, in 1853, enteredthe PrincipaEties, Turkey protested, and sent a peremptory -order to both the Princes of Wallachia and PMfol'da,via-to leave-and to come down to Constantinople. Mis- order, although urged by the consuls of France -ad -Englend,,was not obeyed by either Prince, and bothremained even afterthe Consuls had struck their :lftg ats only when the Russians had taken the civil government of the two Principalities into their, own lands, and intimated to the Hospodars that their presence couId be dispensed with, that ~theylboth departed, not however for Constantinople, ibutVsenna. By thus disobeying the positive orders ;of the Porte.they had forfeited the position granted to themby the convention of Balta-Iiman, even if the-conventionl had not ceased to exsist, li;ke all the -other treaties with Russia, by the declaration of war. 'When the:Russians -were driven from the Principalities,. and-the Turkish army under Omar P.asha *entered Bucharest, the Porte did not hesitate for one moment to declare the Hospodars de jacmoi deposed, and to make arrangements for a provisional Government until new Hospodars -could beelected. The entrance of the Austrians altered the-case. The two Princes had made thenselvss zo-agreeable during their stay in Vienna, and mnust have brought such weighty excuses forward to' jjusfify their behaviour during the Russian occupa- tion, that the Imperial Government was convinced, ndiinsisted on their return, as-the best means to secare the tranquillity and welfare of the two Prin'cipalites. The Turks resisted, and the "jplacard put m1p on all corners of Bucharest by the Austrian minilitary commander, Count Coronini, announcing to the astonished inhabitants the retur of their beloved Trince, and exhorting them not to give vent.to their animosity against him, but to receive iim joyfully, was torn down by order of the Turkish military -authorities. But the allies insisted, the Turks had to give in, and thus WVestern Europe had the gratification of seeing the very men who had 'done 'everything to facilitate the Russian occupation -br6ught back by the allies themselves, who had gone to war-to put an end-to this occupation. Had the allies at that time taken the Turkish ;view of the case, which was likewise that of the majority of the inhabitants of the Principalities, and consented to the -establishment of a provisional Government, definitivearrangementseould have been made, the questionof the Principalitieswovld be by this time satisfactorily settled, and Russia would -only have to give her consent to this settlement. By -the return of the Princes and the consequent -delay.in the organization of the two Principalities 4n kindof interreguumwas created, which was-equally -fa'rourable to party intrigues and to the underhand activity of foreign inftuence. The worst feature of -this -interregnum, however, was that it shook the -confidence of the inhabitants in the sincerity of- the allies, and the idea began to gain ground -thatthe latter did not scruDle to set aside the true interests of the Principalities for the sake -of other political considerations. The effect of this was a .gradual cooling dowri of the enthusiasm with which the beginning of the Eastern war was received in -those countries, as the opening of a new era which -would -for ever free Wal3achia and M4ldavia of the p.ernicious foreign inluences which had hitherto -cnippled- the development of two of the finest pro-vnces. of-the Ottoman empire. - Even in the midst of the Russian occupation this first feeling of enthusiasm showed itseU and, ingDite -of police and martial law, hope was kept u bythe ,tiews- of the - successes of the Turkson the anube -and 'when at last these latter entered Bucharest -they,were received as saviours. Everybody thought -that the time had come when the Principalities, by taking -frankly and energetically the side of the -llies, - could help to conquer by their own energy a right to anational existence independent of foreign ianence. A4petition was drawn up by the most influential people at Bucharest, as well as in other Irarls of the country, proposing to raise and maintain a MIdo-Wallachian contingent, to co operate with -the Turks -on the Pruth. Such a contingent, together wvith the whole, or, at least, a part of the 'Turkish Danubelarmy, would, even if it had kept .6n the-defensive,-haveforced the Russims to mainiain a laxge army in Bessarabia, and prevented ibemn'from uniting all their forces- against the allies inthe- Crimea, as-they have done. This petition never was even answered; the old intignes ,were revived with the return of the 'ines; -another foreign occupation began to dispel theirmomentary illusions, and the enthusiasm gave way to indifference. This sympathy for the Turks, which, althoutgh diminished -by disappointment, sti exists- up to thisanoment in the Principalities, must not surprse 3our,readers. fit is the consequence of one of those intuittive feelings which makes itself felt in the life of nations before political calculations come to 'confi-- the-Justice of them. It has existed in spite of the injudicious way in which it was abused by the successive Turkdsh Governments since the begining of the, connexion of the two Principalities with the Ottoman empire; nay, it may be said to have led-to -this eonnexion. It was the feeling that they had:less to-fear for their nationality and reLgion fromi the Tiurks than.from their northern neighbours. It was this same feeling which drove -the Bossians -and. Servians into the arms of the tTurks, and which 'helped themn to rule in Hungary for 150 years. The position of their northern -neighbours has now, indeed, ,changed, and they have noting -to :f ear from Poland or Hungary, but their situation has not changed, and their sympathy for Turkey is due to the fear of being Russianized 'by 3issia.and Germenized by Austia. Nio 3loldavin-or Wallachian is therefore found who isznot anxious to&eep-ip,tvhe conne;ionwith Turkey, an& the propositia7 of 47ae preliminary conferences 'to -work on te teristing basis is 'rery popular in -both Principalities. But, above all, there ev;sts an unainous desire to put an end to the present state, uhich becomes 'every day more insupportalie, and, evxen if the conierences.at Paris sh.ikl not-succeed iratheir endea-vours for the conelusiox. of peace, the Principalities -inust be ifrthwith orgaoized. The first step the Tuikish Glovernme rt proposrd in tiks resr"et was to namea. -Etimakanlik or pravisional Ge:-ernmcnt, with a mTukish Cownlissary, and a comr;rmission elected by each of the tvto wtbmMes to drav up a definitive org,anization for theni, The continual foreign occupation has -thrown the Principalities into such a state 6f 'confusioa that the real voice of the majority col 7d not mak2 itself heard, even if at this moment tbe Hospodnrs were elected; while, if a provisional' - Government were for a time established, the effects of tnese foreign influences would gradually wear awa~y. I Priuce Stirbey, whose Qnly chance of election is 41 -:*-. --' !- -. ;- adopted by the Ambassadors at the preliminary eoferences, If the people of taWlachia have any -opportunity of manifesting their opinion in the election of the future HmE-podar, Stirbey has no chance whatever ; he knoows this, and tries, therefore, to prevent it by a hurrio.d election, which could be easily directed accorading to his wishes, under the -pressure of a foreign occupation. The means by which he hopes to succeed are corruption -and timely concessions to the wishes of A.ustria. As regards the first; Eis supporters boast openly that he has economizeid enough to buy not only those who have: to decie at Constantinople, 'but wtest of the Flenipotentixies at Paris likewise, Where he has lately sent one-of his sons. Of local political nevws t1wre is nothing. Religions festivals have Ior the last iew days replaced political activity. The celebration-of the anniversary of the irt-h of the Prophet -and the preparations for. the starting gf the caroans to Mecca have taken up all the aotention of the Turks for the ntoment. 3Yesterday the Surr6E- ini, or conductor of the caraNan,went'down in grew state to Bakshi Capassi, and -embarked there for :Scutari, whence the caravan starts. The cort6ge -was formed by a great number of Ulemas on horseback. Then followed the traditional two camels and 21 mules, carrying the presents sent annually by the Sultan to Mecca. ,On ifonday next at 2 p.m. a Te Deum will be sung on the occasion of the birth of the Imperial rince of France. The news of the birth was *announced to the Sultan the very day it arrived, -and the sent next day his chief aide-de-camp, Ethem Pasha, to the French Ambassador to offer his good wishes on the event. The latter has likewise received the wvisits of the Ambassadors and Ministers. The bad weather and wind still continue. All t-he steamers have been kept back by it, and apprehensions are entertained for the vessels in the Black Sea. Onevesselhas come alreadyinto the Bosphorts -with the loss of her mainmast. The twoFreneh war steamers which had takenon board the Russian prisoners for Odessa have had to put back, like the Severn. * No news~ from Scutari, except preparations for races at the end of the month.
SUFFOLK SHRBEVALTY ASSOCIATION. TO T EDITOR OF THE TI S. Sir,-As one of the joint secretaries of the Suffolk -bhievalty Association, I beg to state that the document Which appeared in your columns on Thursdav last, and purported to be the rules of that body, was only a crude prospectus, and that the rules actuay adopted at the first general meeting of the association widely differ, in many ;mportant respects, from that prospectus. Just as the Court was about to sit I was asked to supplv the Clerk of Assize with the rules of the association, in explanation of the substitution of policemen for javelin-men. In the hurry of the moment (and, I may add, while labouring under severe domestic anxiety) I unfortunately gave the prospectus instead of the actual rules. I beg to enclose the latter, as adopted at the meeting held in pursuance of the notice given in the prospectus, and to draw your particular attention to the ninth rule, which differs from that on which the {hief Justice Jervis so severely commented in his charge to the grand jury, inasmach as the obnoxious paragraph" and be paid by the county for such e.xtra daty"-ss withdrawn; the effect of this alteration being that the High Sheriff, and not the county, will pay for the extra duty cast on the police. ~ cn M iign I am.Srsn >cnl-;n Pvn JAIES SP.ARE. Ijury . hamunds, Alareli Z. "SuFrOr, SiThEVALTY AssOCIAON. "At a general meeting held at Buxy St. Edmunds on the 28th of March, 1854, "It was resolved that it being desirable to reduce the expenses of the Shrievalty, without imnairing the dignity of the office of High Sherif, a conmmittee be annually appointed to carry out the objects of the association, and that the following rules be adopted. "1. That every gentleman becoming a member of this association shall makce a donation of 1Ol, and pay an annual life subscription of 21., which subsciption maybe compounded for by any member, after having served the office of Sheriff, by the payment in one sum of 201. "2. That no person nominated to serve the office of Sheriff shall be entitled to becomes member of this association except upon payment of a donation of 201., and a sum equivalent to an annual subscription of 21, from the time of the formation of this society, such payment not to extend beyond the period at which he came into possession of his estate. "m3. That any member wishing to withdrau his name previous to having served the office, or who having served may be desirous of commuting his future payments, shall sendsa written notice to the secretary. " 4. That the first annual subscription shall bc maid immediately, and that the annual subscriptions shall become due on the 1st of January in each succeeding year. "5. That donations be accepted from those gentlemen who wish to support the object of the association, but who, from having already served the office, cannot be expected to become annual subscribers, or who, being otherwise exempt from the liability to serve, may not wish to become annual subscribers, such donors of not less than ol. to be honorary members and entitled to vote at the general meetings of the society. "6. That all donations and compositions be invested in the names of trustees as a permanent fund, and that the interest of such investment and the annual subscriptions be 'apphiedin aid of the sheriff's expenses, and the necesay expenses of the association. "'7. That at public dinners at the assizes usually presided 'over by the Sheriff and conducted as ordinaries, the High ' Sheriff be requested to abstain from making any addition whatever. "8S. That no expenses should be incurred by the Sheriff, in the discharge of his duty, beyond those alowed in the Bill of Cravings, or imposed upDon him by law, or under the recommendation of the standmng Shrievalty comnmittee, by whose authority the funds of the association are to be managed and applied. "9. That the keeping order in the courts gt the assizes and sessions being essential to the due administration of justice and the proper conducting of the county business, an arrangement be made by which the county police be employed as faras practicable in lien of javelin-men. "10. That Sir EdwardSherlockGooch, M.P., be treasurer of this association. "11. That Mr. Western, Mr. Anstruther, Mfr. F. hL Wilson, and MEr. Austin, be the trustees of this association. "12. That Mfr. James Sparke, of Bury St. Edmund's, .and Mr. George Josselyn, of Ipswich, be joint secretaries of this association, at an annual salary of 201. "13. That no alteration be made in the rules of this association, unless sanctioned at a general meeting of the subscribers, after notice of the specific alteration, to be proposed at the recommendation of a majority of the comnmittee."~~~~~~
M1ArTEx,-nCE OF JTVEm E OF'NDERS iN REFORIrATORy ScnooLs.-A second case of summoning a parent for the maintenance of his child at the Reformatory school at Hardwicke, near Glocester, has been brought before the magistrates of Glocester. Benjamin Cnmmings was smnmoned to show cause why he should not contribute to the support of his son, who was convicted of horse stealing at the Glocestershire Quarter Sessions, in October, 1854, and sentenced to three months'imprisonment andtwo years, confnement in the Eardwicke schooL Mr. W. Morgan, an dicer appointed by Government, appeared with Mlr. T. B. Baker, manager of the Hardwicke Reformatory, to con-' duct the case. Mr. Morgan, in iaying a statement of the case before the bench, noticed that the proceedings were taken under an act of Parliament passed since the boy had been convicted. That act hadno donbt conferred a great boon upon the community, inasmuch as it tended to protect childrenfroin being driven by their parentsto evil practices, and because a most useful influence was exercised over such parents by leading them to restrain their children from practices tending to crime. The magistrates had the power to malce an order on the father to contribute to his childs maintenance from the present time or to make the order retrospective, from December, 1854, when the boy was admitted into the schooL The formal proofs were then given. The boy was admitted in Jaunary, 1855, and Mr. Berprodnced the certificate ot the Hardwicke school from the Seeretary of State. Itwas proved that the fatherwas a foreman of stokers at the Glocester Gasworks, earning 25s. a-week. He has three or four children younger than the boy at the schooL Mr. Baker'said he considered this rather a case acising from misimanagement or carelessness on the and not a gross case where the parent the child to crime. The magistrates, after hearing both sides, made an order on the father for payment of 36. 6 per week and costs. The father said he should be unable to pay the money, and was reminded of the alternative of imprisonment. AL Woac,s 100 YEARS OLD.-There is at present living in Bamcroft-road, King-street, Farnworth, a woman named Betty Pearson, who has attained the etraordinary age of lQO years. She was borm at Bedford, near Lei"h, on the 21st of December, 1755, and haptized at Culcheth-hall, near Warrington, there being no place of worship in that district at thaetime, and fromwhich Latter lace her register of baptism has since been procured. Mrs. earson has been married twice. She was umted to her first husband at the age of 24, and dsrine his lifetime she had Ii children, he having now been dead5o years. She had one child by her second husband, wlho also died 26 years ago. - She has resided at Astley, in the same house, for the long period of 40 years; but umtil very recently she resided at the White Horse in Leigh, serving in the capacity of " barmaid," and creating I no small amount of curiosity among those who saw her while there. Her seventh child, a daughter, became the rmother of 16 children, 10 of whom were bora in the short period of 10 years. The daughter with whom she at present resides is the youngert of the 31 children, and is in her 60th year, having had 15 children, 12 of whom are now living. Mrs. PeaTson has lived to see 25 grandclildren, 50 of her grandchildren's children, and 12 of their children, her great, great grandchildren-in all87 persons. She has been of very temperate habits, living on the plainest food, and draring her early life was accustomed (using her own words) "to carding and spinning wool on her knee." She worked as a band-loom weaver until SO years of age. Her dght and other faculties are as good as those of most people of 70 ;4 having only lost two teeth, she is able to crack nuts with the greatest ease. She is in good health.-Manchester Guardianz. THE MLtns.-The British and North AmericKn Mail steamship Cambria sailed from Liverpool eonSaturday _ .> ~-- 4+1, '1( -- 5na- las- araco. and the
-SAVAL AND MILITARB INTELLIGBNCE The follovwing details of navala nd military movements at Naltm are derived from letters of our correspondent dated March 20 and 22:- " Her Majestys mrveying steam-vessel Tartarus arived from, England and Gibraltar on the 13th. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Candia, in the transport service, arrived from Southampton on the 14th. "The Berwiek screw steamtransport arrived from Gibraltar and Carthagena on the 15th. She left for the Dardawlles on the 17th. "The Arthur Gordon steam transpcrt left for Constantinople on the 15th with medical stores. " The :Foyle steam transport arrived from -Deptford, Gravesend, and Gibraltar on the 16th wtith stores and nmne horses. - This steamer proceeded on her voyage to Scutari and Balakiva on the 17th. "Her Majesty's steam gunboat Beagle, having made good her defects, left on the 16th for the Black Sea. "The Progre6s screw steam transport, with stores, arrived from Deptford and Gibraltar on the 1Sth. " The Argo screw steam transport arrived from South. ampton ongthe 18th. '- The Black Sea steamer left for England on the 12th. "H3Ier Mfajesty's steamships M[eguera and Spiteful arrived on the 1Sth from Kazatch and Constantinople. "The Caledonia steamer, in the French transportservice arrived from Marseilles on the 15th, bringing General Forgeot, 19 other officers, and 118 non-commissioned officers and gunners of the Imperial Artillery, and left on the 17th for Constantinoeple. !" TheAtheman screw steam transport, in the French service, arrived from Marseiies on the 17th with stores for Constantinople. Sheleft for her destination on the 18th. * "T'he French steam-fri"ate Soane, with provisions for the Black Sea fleet, and%bringing Comte de Moutant and 65 naval officers and seamen, arrived from Toulon on the 18th. '" The French screw steam line-of-battle ship Navarin arrived on the 19th from Toulon, bound eastvard. "The Persian screw-steamer, in the French transport service, arrived from Constantinople on the 14th, bringing 145 French military invalids, and left for Port Vendres on the 15th. " The European screw steamer, in thesame service, arrived on the 15th from Constantinople, bring 360 French military invalids, and having in tow the Aimerican ship Edgar P. Stringer, -with 180 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates. Both vessels left for Marseilles on the 18th. " His Netherlands Majesty's frigate De Ruyter, Captain De Braun, sailed for Spezzia, in the Gulf of Genoa, on the 15th. " The Rajah, Peninsular andOrietalCompany's steamer, with stores for the Sardinian army, arrived froem Genoa, on the 17th, having in tow the Sardinian brig Fortunate. The iERajah left for Balaklava on the same day. "The Black Boy screw steam transport also arrived on [ the 17th, from Leghornl. " The Vectis, vaith the overland mail, and the AIma with the heavy snail, Peninsular andOriental Company's steam. packets, arived from Alexandria on the 14th. The Vectis left for Marseiles on the 14th. The Alma left for Southampton on the same day. " The Euxine steam-packet, belonging to the same company, arrived from Southampton and Gibraltar on the 14th. The EuPine left on the 15th for Alexandria. " The Hydaspe, French mail steamer, arrived on the 15th from Alexandria, and left for Marseilles on the same day. " The Alexander and the Nil, French postal steamers, arrved on the same day. The Nil left for Alexandria at the Eame time. "The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam-packet Albambra, vwith the London overland mails of the 10th of March, only reached Malta on the morning of the 17th, having been comnpeled from stress of weather to anchor on the day preceding, and renain all night at Gareina, a small creek on the western coast of Malta, as likewise did the French mail steamers. She left on the same afternoon for 'Alexandria, but, having sustained some serious accident in her machinery, she put back disabled on the same night, and on the 18th her mais passengers, and specie, said to amount to 160,0001., were transferred to the Clyde steamer in the transport service. The, passengers per Alhambra were Sir David Baird and Maior Peel, for Malta. " Her Malesty's steam-packet Triton left for Zante and Corfn with the mails on the 17th. " The French mail steamer Thabor arrived on the 19th from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, and left for her destination on the same afternoon. "The Sultana and the Thalia, screw steamers, with general cargoes for Constanstinople and Balaklava, left on the 13th. " The Grecian screw steamer left for Syra and Constantinople on the 14th. "The Sardinian brigs Trinoleonte, the Nostrasignor, and El Boastchetto, sailed for Constantinople on the 14th. "The Sultan steam water condenser arrived from Liverpool on the 15th. " The Scamander English screw steamer, fromAlexandria, arrived on the 17th. " The Gulliver (Liliputian) steam tug arrived from Swan. sea, Lisbon, Gibraltar, and Algiers on the 18th. " The Arcadia screw steamer arrived on the 19th from Smyrna, with a general cargo, for LiverpooL "The Lieutenant-General Commanding, Sir John Pennefather, has reviewed, on theFloriana parade ground, the lst Regniment, lately arrived here from Genoa, of the newlyraised Anglo-Italian Legion, and 2,003 British troops. "The Jura steam transport arrived from Liverool on 20th, with 208 horses, cannons, and other warlie and ordnance stores, making the run in 8I days. She left for Constantbinople and Balldva on the 21st. " The Norman steam transport arrived on the 21st, from Woolwich and Gibraltar. "The Earl of Durham steam transport arrived on the 21st from Plymonth and Gibraltar, with tents and provisions for the British army in the East. " The Marley Hill steam transport, with clothing and deal planks, arrived on the 21st from Woolwich. " The Sarah Sands steam transport arrived from Liverpool on the 22d. "The Hydaspes steam transport arrived on the 22d from Southampton and Gibraltar "The Progress steam transport left for Balaklava on the 20th, with stores; and also, for the same port, the Argo steam transport. "The John Bowes sleam transport left for Gibraltar and Fngland on the 20th. * "The Provence, French steam transport, with 174 military invalids from the East, left for Marseilles on the 20th. " The Normandie, French steam transport, arrived on the 21st, from. Constantinople, with 146 military invalids for Marseilles. " The Capitole, French postal steamer, left on the 20th, for Messina, Naples, Civita Vecchia, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marseilles. " The Prince of Wales steamer, for Malta and Constantinople, arrived from London on the 20th. I IThe Eglinton steamer, from Liverpool and Gibraltar, for Constantinople, arrived on the 21st. " The Arcadia steamer left for Gibraltar and England on the 20th. "The Xaramak steamer, from Liverpool and Gibraltar, arrived on the 21st, for Constantinople. "The Lebanon, screw steamer, has, arrived from the East, and will leave immediately after coaling for England. " The Panaja Drapanistisa, a small Greek vessel, taken by Her Majesty's ship Niger, while blockading Odessa, and condemned as lawvful prize by the High Court of Admiralty, was sold at public auction, at Malta on the 17th, for 4701., realizing 401. beyond her appraisement. The Aglira Elnie, an Ionian vessel, detainedat Constantinople, by Her Majesty's ship Aihion, under orders from Rear-Admtiral the Hon. iF. W. Grey, likewise condemned as Russian property, was offered for sale on the 19th, but there were no bidders." The Borussia screw steam transport, No. 33, Captain Ehlers, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday morning from the East, with invalids. She left Constantinople Miarch :12th, Renkioi 14th, Mialta 18th, and Gibraltar 23d, bringing home Major Dowbiggin, of the Staff; Major the Hon. Charles D. Plunkett, of the 1st Royal Regiment of Foot; ,Captain W, R. Spalding and Assistant-Surgeon Lindsay, of the Osmanli Cavalry; Captain Eagan, of the Royal Atillery; Captain Tyler, of the Monmouthshite Mlitia; Lieutenant Wilkie, of the 38th (in charge of military invalids); Assistant-Surgeon Greer, of the 92d; Dr. O'Leary, of the 59th; Dr. Connell, of the Staff; Lieutenant the Hon. F. Charteris, on promotion from Her Majesty's ship Royal Albert; Dr. S. Stewart, R.N., in charge of naval invalids; Mr. F. Raitt, Assistaut-Clerk, R..N.; Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General T. Wilson from Constantinople; 140 military and 24 naval invalids, nine of the Army Works Corps; two seamen; Sergeant Frazer, Paymaster of the British Itaian Legion; and other passengers, whem she landed on Saturday afternoon. * The Archer, 14, screw corvette, Captain Heathcote, went into Portsmouth Harbour on Friday evening, and the Fervent, new gunboat, Lieutenant Stubbs, arrived on Saturday morning to join the flotilla. The Bulldog, 6, paddle-sloop, Commander Gordon, ar. rived at Spithead on Saturday from Plymouth and joined the Beet. The Rattler steam-tug arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday afternoon with two new mortar vessels from lairds, oI LiverpooL .Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R. S. Dundas, X:B.C., struck his flag on board the Duke of Wellington at Spithead on Saturday evening and went on leave. The Devastation, 6, paddlewheel steam-sloop, Commander Marshal, will leave Spithead to-morrow noon for the Cape of Good Hope, touching at Sierra Leone. She takes out mails for both colonies, and the news of the conclusion of peae. The screw steam corvette Cossack, Captain James H Cockburn, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday. The screw steamship Pembroke, 60, Captain George . Seymour, and the screw steamship] Cornwallis, 60, Captain George G. Wellesley, were waiting orders at Bermuda on the 3d of March. The sloop Arachne, 18, Commander Valentine 0. Inglefield, after a tedious passage of two mouths from England, arrived at the island on the 20th of February, and sailed again on the 3d of March to join the Ardmiral in the West Indies. An order has been received from the War-office, by Captain S. G. Bunbury, comnanding the Medical Staff Corps at Chatham, dirteting 100 hospital orderlies belonging to that corp to proceed to Portsmouth to-morrow, there to embark on board the Resolute steamer, for hospital service in the East. The African paddlewbeel seamvessel, Second MasterComuiv.fer Rhueben Harvey, arrived at Sheerness from class mortar-ressel, "7o. 45< She was built St Ipswich by Messrs. Harvey and Co., aa& exceeds in tonnage any of the former-built mortar-vessas by 60 tons. She was taken into the basin, and the riggers were imaleaiately set on to rig her with all possible despatch. Other mortar-vessels of a similar class are now nearly completed, at Wivenhoe, by the same builders. The late Commander Josiah Thompson, of the Formidable, 84 guns, Captain John Jervis Tucker, has been superseded by Commander Edmond Wilson, January 2, 1845, the former being placed on the Captains' reserved list. The Eurotas, 12 guns, screw mortar-abip, Captain William MWoorsoa, C.B., is to be put out of the basin at Sheerness on CWednesday next, and to be ready to leave on the 13th of April. She is fully manned, with the exception of a few patty officers All her seamen are men-of-war's men. The Mohawk, 4 guns, screw despatch gun-vessel, left Sheerness yesterday at 5 a.m. for Spithead. The Adder paddlewheel steam-vessel, Secondl Master-Commander William Muncham, arrived at Sheerness on Saturday evening, having cavalry horses on deck, and, after coalinig, left yesterday morning for Sunderland. The gunboat Grappler was launched on Saturday, and is ordered to be fitted out at Woolwich. -The Vesuvius and Intrepid left Woolwich on Saturday for Greenhithe and Portsmouth. Orders have been delivered by the Ordnance Department at Woolwich Arsenal for the issue of 3,000 quarter-barrels of powder to beshipped on board the Lady Amherst, now at Gravesend. The Lady Amherst is bound for Halifax. The same department is delivering 2,000 barrels of powder for Quebec, to be shipped on board the Estcourt, likewise at Gravesend. Both these vessels are expected at Woclwich early in the present week. The Belvidere, an Ordnance vessel, sailed on Saturday from Woolwich with one 13-inch mortar for the Eurotas, at Sheerness, and a quantity of mixed stores for the War Department at Chatham. Five 13-inch sample mortars have been received at Woolwich for the proof department at the Arsenal, from Messrs. Collier and Co., of Salford. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty - IL 0. Marcon, Acting-Master to the Resistance; D. J. 1ay, Second-3aster to the CalcuttaP F. G. Chowa, Master's Assistant to the Trinity;- George 1xon, Master'sAssistant to the Dee; Edward Phelan Forester, Acting additional Assistant-Surgeon to the Victorv- Owen J. llewellyn, Assistant-Surgeon of Haslar Hospital. - In consequence of the continuation of fine dry weather which has beea experienced for some weeks past, the corps of Royal Sappers and Miners at Brompton, have made considerable progress in sapping and mining, fortification, and field operations generally, at their practising-ground, near St. Mary's creek. The whole of the men belonging to this corps are instructed daily, under the supeentendence of Colonel H. Sandham, the director of the Rloyal Engineers' establishment, the ground at Brompton presenting every facility for the men acquiring a thorough knowledge of their duties. A large parade-ground has been formed near the huts at Prnce Edward's bastion, the whole of which are now railed in. THE MIITIA. On Thursday the commandant and officers of theEast Suffolk Mhitia Artillery gave a banquet to the Earl of Stradbroke, LordLieutenant of the county, andadistin- hed party. Lieutenant-Colonel Adair presided, and the oanq was followed bya ball, passed off brilliantly. The company included The Earl at eicester, Major-General Gascoigune, Lord Henniker, Mr. Cobbold, 11.1?., Sir E. Lacon, f.P., Mfr. E. Gooch, M., &c, The Dublin Artillery has been stationed at the Pigeonhouse Fort, and is about to be moved to the Curragh encampment. The following is a return, showing the date of embodiment of the regiment, the number of volunteers given to the regular army, and the present strength of t'ne corps:-Date of embodiment, the 27th of December; number of volunteers given to the regular army within the last year, 240, 130 of which to the Royal Artillery; the present strength of the regiment, 1 officers, 20 sergeants, 6 trespeters, and 316 rank and file. This regiment has gi.ven 86 volunteers to the regular army, 66 of which to the Royal Artillery, since the 25th of January last, and is now ready to give as many, if not more. 1Recruits continue to join daily in large numbers, and there are only 20 men wanting to complete the corps to its full strength.
THE EDUCATION RATE. TO THE EIDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read with considerable interest three letters from "Archdeacon Denison," "the Rev. H. Woodgate," and the "Nottinghamshire Clergyman," upon the subject of the Education Rate. I hope, youwillallowa smallplace in your columns for that class of persons who are in favour of the said rate. There is, no doubt, much to be said on both sides, and I think an impartial review of the whole subject may be productive of much good to all who take an interest in this matter. In the fourth volume of Macaulayls Histo"y of England the writer says, spealdag of the acts of the Estates of Scotland, "That in the year 1696, the most important event of this short session was the passing of the act for the settling of schools. By this memorable act it was, in the Scotch phrase, 'statuted and ordained' that every parish in the realm should provide a commodious school-house and should pay a moderate stipend to a schoolmaster. The effect could not immediately be felt. Bautbefore one generation had passed away it was evident that the common people of Scotland were snperior in intelligence to the common people of any other country in Europe. To whatever land the Scotchman might wander, to whatever calling he might betake himself in America or in India, in trade or in war, the advantage which he derived from his early training, raised him above his competitors. If he was taken into a warehouse as a porter he soon becamea foreman. If he enlistedin the army he soon becane a sergeant. Scotland meanwhile, in spite of the barrenness of her soil and the severity of her climate, made such progress in agriculture, in manufactures, in commerce, in letters, in science, in all that constitutes civilization as the old world has never seen equalled and such as even the new world has scarcely seen surpassed." Now, Sir, allowing a little for nationality, Mr. Iacaulay's description of his countrymen is not very far-fetched or overdrawn. Whether this rising in the social point of view is to be attributed to their supenor education or over-canniness is a problem which I will not attempt here to solve, but I think one great argument to be drawn in favour of an educational rate is the cheap defence it will cause to a nation, and the relief it will afford to the clergymen in poverty-stricken districts. The great question that will and must arise is, how to enforce attendance, as Mr. Woodgate justly remarks. Would a compulsory rate infringe the liberty of thesubject? I answer, no, for it is necessary at times for the State to step in and interfere for the benefit of the whole, as witness the enforcement of vaccination, boards of health, the Ten Hours' Bill, andother measures of this nature, which apparently appear harsh and dictatorial; but I maintain that the State may, with equal propriety and justice, enforce compulsory attendance at school, since on all sides education is admittedto bea need and necessity of humanity. In liberal America-Boston, for instance, I believe-but certainly in industrious Switzerland, a compulsory attendance is enforced. We have, it is true, thank God, abolished the Test Act, which sacramental system, perhaps, the Archdeacon would like to see reimposed, without any possible advantage to the many, yet there is no vald reason why we should not impose an educational test. How many a poor man has lamented to me, and I will be bound to say to every Minister of God's Word, "that he is no scholar." What chances of rising in his station of life have been lost through a want of this necessity. Surely that man who is a good scholar will not appreciate less his Parson Dal@s Sunday discourse and work less industriously at the loom or the plough who is able to spend his evening in conning over the contents of a newspaper or in imbibing a love for history or deriving instruction from a lecturer. I is the deficiency, the bad quality of education, that I deplore, for, go and ask any poor incumbent to what portion of his parochial work he entertains the greatest dislike, and he wil tell you, "the going round with a begging-box for his school ?" Ask him what weighs most on his spirits, he will say, "The dreadof not keeping up my school in its full efficiency. I ama oblged to resort to all mauner of expedients, asmy income is small and myfamilyisincreasing, and last year, whenthegreatLondongunfromBloomsburyor.Russell square discharged his oratorical powers from my pulpit, I found a deficiency of some 101. orthereabouts, which I can ill spare ; so my blanket or coal or clothingfund must suffer, and my poor parishioners 'will have to shiver in the hoar frost and sharp pinchings of the coming winter." Besides, one grat argunent in favour of compulsory education suniformity; that should have some 'weight intbhour orthodox archdeacon. As for any fears of Dissenting contamination, I cast them to the winds. l have no misgivihgs on that point. Urbanity, forbearance, and mildness always have their weight, and, if I were to be asked to-morrow to subscribe to a hospital or to sit at a board upon any sanitary question, I should not inquire the c-reed of my coadjutors. It is the liberality and toleration of the church of England that constitutes her real strength - besides, I feel quite assured that the general management of our rural schools will be leftc where they are now, under the direction of the parson, the squire, or the lLady Ilountifula of the parish; there is no fear of persons meddling too much, the g,reat complaint is the indifference anud a3pathy of the many compared with the seal and earnestness of the few. But the archdeacon is afraid of the loss of all distinctive dogmatic teaching. Why for ever harp on this exclusiveness 2 Why for ever strive to foment sectaianism?9 The Bible will be still read; it may not be made a text-hook; it is not so in my school and other sohools. Too great a familiarity engenders contemnPt. Arithmetic, history, geography, a knowledge of the vaisous p reductions of other countries, are the chief points of education. There is no need of continnal harping on the Catechism or the Bible; a certain time in the day can be iallotted to that part-which systemu prevails nowv in most schools-but 'what we reallywant now, is a better and a more regular attendance. It iS hard for the parsont cruel hard, to see all his first class boys averaging ironl 9 to 10 years, disappear safter the harvest, jus a th rpenngintellect was beginning to expand, whe anadditional three years' tuition wrould have produced some real and lasting good. Besides all schools, I take it, would come under the supervson of a Oovernmeet inspector, I have never yet heard-of xoe single objection rainad against this system, w,hich is nowv-vegr much in rogue; onx Kho con-, trary, many an useful hint ha been adtopted, greatey zel h1as been inculcaxted in the master and the trustees br uueb an inspection, «an most fatvourwhde result6 hav'e ensued' T ir#nnin *17lnlA . k 5 9ARUM 'VrAATARP -,Wbite Walth&wam, d2&
ZOBD .7. USSEL'S PLAN OF EDUCATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhES. Sir,-Though differing from you in opinion on the question of National Education, I ask pernission to submit to you, and through your universally circulated journal to the public, objections which seem to me of great weight against Lord John Russells plan of education. Without preface I proceed to state the objections in order :- ! 1. The plan is despotic in its character. It makes education in a double sense compulsory; first, bv compeDing panshes to provide schools; and, secondly, by compelling employers to provide and pay for the continued education of al children in their employment till they are 15 years of age. This is an outrage on English freedon. It violatesprinciples which are of inestimable value. If it should apparently succeed in bringing a certain number of children mnder education, it will do it at the expense of that liberty which is more important than education itself. If the principles of freedom should be violated for the sake of enforcing education, they InaY soon be violated for the sake of enforcing religion, and whatever else is socily desirable, however Teason and experience may show that they are not fit subjects for Government interferenoe. 2. It subjects the education of the country to the Government. It proposes to organize the whole country for this purpose into school districts under the care of 41 inspectors (the present number), and probably 150 sub-inspectors (80 of them belonging to church, and the remainder to other communities). Thus, about 200 inspectors and sub-inspectors, appointed by the Government and re. sponsible to them, would constitute a great educational Police, having England and Wales under their surreilancc. Never were the many defects and abuses of Government management so fearfully illustrated as in our own day, when we have seen half an army perish from the effects of official negligence, divided esponsibility, blind adherence to rontine, and wretched incompetency. If, according to the Marquis of Lansdowne, "- it is universally acimowledged that Go-vernments are the worst of cultivators, the worst of manufacturers, and the worst of traders," and if we have seen such egregious mismanagement in the departments which properly belong to them, what hope can there be that they will efficiently manage the infinitely delicate and important work of education9 lforeover, the committing of that work to them would be another step towards centralization, and towards that bureaucracy which is a poison and a curse to every nation on whom it is imposed. 3. It would be oppressive tothe poor, and vexatious to industry. If children could not be employed vithout carrying on their education till they were 15 years old at the expense of the employer, the consequence would be that in a vast number of cases the children would not be employed at all any employments do not admit of being carried on by relays, or by persons working half-time; and a verylarge proportion of employers would refuse to have the trouble, annoyance, and expense of half-time workers, for each of whom they must obtain certificates half-yearly, present them to inspectors or policemen, and be liable to be summoned before the magistrate and fined if they were not regular. Such a law would disgust them and excite theirindiguation. The effect wouldbe, thattieywouldemploy no young persons under 15 years old, for no law can compel them to employ labour if it is not their interest and wish to do so. If they did, they would probably deduct from the wages whatever they had to pay for the schooling. Thus, by direct and indirect operation, the labour of young persons under 15 years old would be rendered of little or no value to their familfies. To many branches of industry the law would be very injurious, as compeling themf to employ more expensive labour; but to the poor it would be a most severe infliction. According to the census of 1851, the following werie the numbers of children employed industrially in England and Wales at different ages:- If these 600,000 children earn on the average 2s. a-weea, they wil bring to their families an aggregate amount of 60,0001. a-week, or 3,120,0001. a-year; and if they should only average is. 6d. a-week, they will bring 48,000W. a-week, or 2,340,0001. a-year. Such is the produce of juvenile labour to the families of the poor; and a large part of this Nwould be taken away by Lord John Russell's plan. In adclition to this loss, every father of a family would have to pay a school-rate. 4. It would be self-defeating. If a large proportion of the children -who are now employed and earning wages were prevented from obtaining employment, the working classes 'would be less able than they are at present to pay for the education of the younger children. Thus, instead of increasing the amount of education in the country, LordJohn Russell might by his despotic law actually diminish it. The elder children v.ould in a great many cases not continue at school, but be idle in the streets, exposedto temptation and liablo to swell the number of juvenile criminals; 'while the younger children would also be in the streets, because their parents had lost the help formerly received from the elder. Such would, probably, be the consequence of attempting to force education beyond the point which public opinion warrants. No one would be more desirous than myself to induce parents by moral suasion to lengthen the term of their children's education; but this is a moral work, re. quiring time and patience; and to attempt to lengthen education by pains and penalties would recoil upon the comuntry with complicated disaster and eviL 5. The plan aims at an extravagant and impracticable duration of schooling. Iord J. Russell avows that it is his object so to increase the nmnber of children in schools that they shal amount to 3,600,000, being one in five of the whole population. This proportion of scholars may be attainable in countries where the population consists chiefly of small yeomanry, or domestic manufacturers, or middle-class tradesmen, such as are found in Switzerland, Saxony, and SNew England, especially if under laws making education compulsory both on the parents and the community. But it is utterly out of the question in a country like England, in which an immense proportion of the population are strictly labourers, either in agriculture or manufactures. To neglect this consideration of the difference in the circumstances of the bulk of the population, and to expect as long a ternm of schooling among labourers as among the mriddle classes, is an error of the first magnitude, and quite unworthy of a statesman. Even in Prussia, 'where the proportion of labourers to the whole population is far less than in England, and where children are cohipelled by law to attend school till they are 14 years of age, the number of scholars is only 1 in 6-33. of the inhabitants; in Holland, one of the best educated countriesin Europe, the proportion is 1 in 7-55; in Bavaria it is I in 8; in Austriait is I in 10; in France, I in 10-St; in Belgimun, 1 in 10-70; in Sweden, 1 in 11-45, and (including those educated at home) 1 in S. In not one of these countries is there nearly so large a proportion of operatives to the 'whole population as in England -a country consisting of large farms and vast manufactories, 'where, nevertheless, the number of scholars is 1 in 8-36 of the inhabitants. Then, how extravagant is it to demand in this country an attendance of 1 in 5 in school! This would require an actual schooling of nearly 10 years for every child in the country, including the working classes; for though it would only be an average of nine years on the entire number of children of the school age (5 to 15 years old), yet, considering the children who are absolutely prevented by sickness and other causes from attending school, it would practically require an attendance of 10 years from those -who were not thus prevented. This is so extravagant as to discredit the judgment of him who proposes it. No theorist in this conntry has yet put forth so absurd a demand. Lord Brougham asked for an attendance in school of one in nine of the population. The committee of the REouse of Commons of 1833 demanded one in eight; and Sir James Kay Shuttleworth also aiked one in eight. But Lord John Russell demands one in five. Well may the man who in his closet forms sach theories abandon the principles of liberty, and call despotic laws to his aid. 6. The measure is perfotly unnecessary. We possess, on official evidence, the great facts of the rapid and steady progress of education during the whole of the present century. From 1818 to 1851, according to the ceasus, the increase of day scholars and Sunday scholars was as follows:- I should have thought these facts so triumphant a proof of the power of voluntary education as to induce every reasonable man to trust our fature progress to tho system which had worked so well in the past. But the itch for legislating is more intolerable than the Scotch fiddle, and Lord John Russell is one of tho unhappy victims of the complaint. lay we not reasonably confide in such motives and circumstances as have undoubtedly produoed our past advance, and among vhich are the following-viz., the pecunrary and other substantiji advantages secured by edncation, which are daily becoming more understood and appreciated by all classes.; the good sense and riB feelilig of parents, who cannot fail to see the benefits of education to their children; the suame that attaches toignorance:;1ie ever increasing number and excellence of owr ,eAycational institutions. incliuding both those for the young and thoso for adults; the public spirit and patriotisri of many, and, still more, the zeal of relgious communities who honourabiy-ompete wsith each other in their efforts to educate the people; the extraorainary increase of cheap literature in all its forms, both attractive and useful; the natural tendency of knowledge to diffuse itself; and tho spirit of the age. If these natural motives are not to ba trusted, then there is nolesson to be learnt from experiencej nor is any faith or confidence due to the great principles of freedom; but we must turn back in the career in which :England has set an example to the nations, and become humble imitators of continental despotisms. 7. The plan would be enormously expensive. If there is a truthuniversally admitted, itis thatGovernnientsworkmore expensively than any other parties. Lord John Russell himself estimates the cost of educating his 3,600,000 scholars atlSs. a-head per annum, or 3,240,0001. But this is one of the financial errors to which Lord john is prone, for he haz merely talen the rate of cost in schools manged bvsocieties and congregations, and which is expressly stated in the pub. lished accounts to be "exclusive of Government grnts" to public teachers, schools, &c. In the year 185i-5 the CommiiteeofCouncil expended326,4361. inaidof schools containing 500,000 scholars; that is, at the rate of 13s. per acholar'over and above the expenditure by the managers of thc schools, and-maOing a total expenditure equal to 31s. per head. At the same rate the education of 3,600,000 chldrean would cost 5,50,0001.; and, asthe constantandrapidtendency is both to increased expenditure in proportion to the num. ber of scholars and to throwing the expense on public ratesa andtaxes, itisamoderate estimate to assume thatthe numbeof scholars mentioned by Lord John Russell could not b¢. educated under Governme-nt management for less tha 6,003,0001., or even 7,000,0001. a-year ! Thus the prospective amount to be paid by the publie in rates and taxes for education when the syStem (to use Lord John's word) ig " complete," would exceed the whole amount of the poorrate, including the county-rtte!j A pleasant prospects truly, for the farmers and other rate-pavers ! A tolerable "price" to pLy for the '"whisUle" of Government educa. tion ! S. Its inevitable tendency would be to destroy the benevo. lem4t and religious agency by which the present schools have been formed, and to bring them under secular authoritiesGovernmental or municipal. No one can believe that 15(1 new sub-inspectors could be placed in SO school districts without cutting themselves out work to employ their time and eam their salaries. That work must be in the establish. ment of new schools, and those schools are to be supported by rates, and managed by committees elected by parish vestries. 2Fo1v,unless the number of scholars should be increased (which I believe it would not), the effect of the newr schools would just be to empty the old schools. If thoe vestry school committee should fix the school-fee extremelylow, or make the education gratuitous, they would oE course draw off the children from the other schools. A. further effect would be, to take away the contributions. which support the existing schools; because it is not likely that persons will long subscribe voluntarily to the sameobject for which they have to pay rates. And sa further; it would give the general impression that education is take"_ entirely under the care of the Government; and, therefore, the schools will be neglected by those who have hither-a. visited and managed them. Thus it is certain, that Iordi J. Russell's plan would sooner or later supersede thel present managers of schools, who act from religiouSprinciple and love for education, and substitute fo] them the committees chosen by vestry mneetings. Is thera. the least hope that, under such management, the schools could have anything of a religious character? If theyhad, it must be as the result of the triumph of onesect over other sects. Therefore, the alternative before usis, either contentions of religious sects, or the neutralization of this Bl-ack Sea of education bywhollybanishing religion from the schools. In the first instance, we shoulS probably have a desperate internecine war, and in the end secular schools under the management of committees who would agree never to mention the suLbject of religion. Not only would religion be banisheed from the management, bukall heart and soul would be banished vdth it. Moreover, the new schools, after having destroyed the old schools, might themselves be starved by theparsimony of zatepayers. I do not pretend to say how this might be, because experience shows that public affairs, whether in Parliament orin parishes, are very generally managed with alternate profusion and niggardliness. But if the views of those whoare most zealous for local management and local rates, as to the present disposition of the ratepayers towards education, be correct, the schools would be put apon short commons, and soon reduced (like the horse in the story). to live upon a straw a-day. I solemnly believe that education woulfd suffer immensely, that Lord J. Russell's compli. cated machinery would come to a stand, and that the onlyresort then would be to a system wholly compulsory, and wholly subject to an educational dictator in Downingstreet. 9. :Either religion itself or relgious iberty, or both, woult greatly suffer. I have endeavoured to show how the system would probably work. But it is desirable to look at otherways in which it might work. For example, it might i12 some places and at first result in putting the nationa schools on the public rates; in -which case the Dissenters, most of whom conscientiouly decline to receive public money for their own schools, would be compelled byr the school-rate to pay for the church schools, in which. the church catechism was taught, possibly wi-th every Puseyite interpretation and addition, while they them. selves received no portion of the rate. What 'woulET this be but a new church-rate, far heavier than the old, and. far more bitter? For the very rates which they paid, buf of which they could not partake, might be employed so ta lower the school fees in the national schbols (onj pretence oE regard for the poor) as inevitably to destroy the schools ot Dissenters. Can anything be conceived more injurious and offensive? Yet this is the present operation of the Parliamentary grants, and especially of the new capitation grants. in small towns and raral parishes; and it woula be inelefnitely aggravated by Lord John Russells plan. Agam, the system might operate thus-to take into the support of the parochial school committee the schools of Roman CatholicsandlYnitarians, and thus to compel all evangelical sects, the church included, to pay for the teaching of doctrines which they most solemnly repudiate. This, although. in a civil point of view perfectly just, would cause extremediscontent, and might lead to a refusal to pay the rates. Again, a school committee chosen by the vestry might in.. many places cut the Gordian knot of the relgious difficulty, by resolving not merely not to support any denominational schools, but even to support secular schools in avowed opposition to them, and for the purpose of destroying all denomi.- national teaching. The risk of this would be very great, especially in large towns, and I believe the Dissenters wouldI be driven, by the extreme injustice with which they -were treated, to co-operate with men of no religion, forthe purpose of withholding grants from Church, Ro rm Catholic, and Unitarian schools. My firm belieE is, that in London, Mfanchester, Birmingham, Ileeds, Sheffield, and other large towns Lord John Russell'n plan would work to destroy all schools except secular onesand this, not because a majority of the rate-payers dis.- approved religious teaching, but because different sects. were so ill-treated by the system as to be driven to combineagainst all religious schools. The security whichLord John Russell would take againstthis deplorable issneis no security at alL He would require the Bible to be read in the schools,; What signifies that, even if Be could enforce it? The mere reading of half-a-dozen verses, -without explanation, enforcement, or questioning, would be of no more moral or religious use than the reading of an act of Parliament. Besides, lord John himself would be the first tobreak through his gossamer restriction, as he did in 1847, by the minute admitting Roman Catholic schoolsto receive grants, afewweeks after carrying a-vote forschools in whicl the Bible, in the authorized version alone, was to be used. The practical result of Lord J. Russell's plan, then, wouldE be to banish religions teaching from our schools; and, inmy opinion, nothing could be more detrimental to the religious. and moral interests of the country. On the other hand, it is. obvious that the voluntary system naturally allies itself with religion as its best and necessary support; and under that. system each denomination acts with perfect freedom, and yet without giving the slightest offence to any other. It it the only educational system which can possibly give to the people of England the inestimzable advantages of freedom, justice, self-reliance, civil harmony, and religions efficiency. _ I am, Sir, youlr mnost obedient servant. -EDIV. BANES. I i"ps, juarcil zb. * See Minutde of t7ie CommittCc of Councidl on, EZzccafior day, 1854, was 6,9 2O 9 including not only all tho ex. penittre n te por,bu al tb conit-rae,expens-es of
ROYA COLLEGE OF S GxONS.-The following gentlemen having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma were admitted members of the college at tho meeting of the Cout of EsTaninere on the 28th it. - Mlessrs. Charles Gaffney, Buntingford, Herts; Wlliana Frederick Brool;, Isle of Wi ht; John Watkyn Phillips. Wrington, Somerset; EdwardlWalter Witten, Argyll. house, Hollovay Edwvard Benjamnll Gray, Abergavenny; Tlhomas Hughes, Qolyhead;WflinlHenrv Plnpps, Dover John James Nason, NOuneaton, Warwrickahire; w rJ Henry Hayden, fligh.Wycomb ; Enstase John Carver, MeJS bourne, Cambridgeshire; and Thomas Hayes, army. Ar'oTc~ixs'an-u.&.--The following are the names of the gentlemen who pared their examination ii the science and practice of medicine andreceived ertifi, oates to practise, on Thursday, :arch 27:~-E. C. Sykes4 Francis Loole Lanadovwn, Williami HIghAldersPy, S kYett, Rutherford Skinner, iFrederick Wailter Way, WiII;lai Harris Clunie, Uriah Pemrn Brodribb, Jothua Plask~ett ,('oroeiiw Inghis, and Henry Cundell Juler.
SALES BY AUCTION. 03~e]r'V4X&*X1TentyiaIntings imported direct fromaMurleb, 2d clChed 0- tle ]1guded Waxelscuses by the Auctioneers, without reacye. HINNOCRand GALSWORTHY will SELL by CAUCTION~ ~~~A at12, at the Wae Room,ns 'Ol l1md-tM%170 valuable P , G,the ~roruty of a gerntle3wn at MunIich - comprising works of the Italian, Ilemaish, Sp.m6is. and Fzetich sch,yIs. Including ftitra gallery pictures of saripina-al aand ellwic zubject% numemusabnetP pa-tinf cc Mayr he viewed two ~d&v riorand cataloegrueus had of the auctioneers 28, Regent-street. ~GJtfoApparatus from the Ponopticon.-An expensive Astronlon.j. cal Telescope of great power and iize, &c. C.IRMhNOOK and GALSWORTHY are directed by 1.,J the Council of the Panoptinon to BELL bOyAUCTION, at ,se Auction Rooms& 21, Old Bond-street, on Friday. April 8, at 1, a urge (luntiy o SUPLS SIENIFI APAIO&TOS; conzWisae If t~o ripe pateandonecylnde elctrc mchie, galvanic 55c electric battrie, Bnnin'sbattry,wit guta erca cells plsat,polisbi g lath, coper ashlder, an numrouseletrical, gal'-Anic, photograpic,cbyica, an hprauic ppartus toethr .ith a Tery exnuie atroomial elecop, o grat ireandpowr.Catalogues of cans lumOck nd alawrthy autioners,~4.Regent-street, Hereford House, Ol7vomto.-e tatesidence of the late C IHThKOCKadG SWRH will SELL by I AUCTION, upon the Prmsso ina.April 14, at 12. euo valuable LEASE of this ditnus~sEIEC,seated in extensive pleasure grounds, laid ot~ smral at as an Italian garden, after the styl a of Villa, Altan at Rm,hwn roea rbseries, and terrace walks, adorned withscltr,pdmn,figt of steps &c., also communicating withapr-lemadwthog the luxuriant foliage of which are opndvsa oafr iw the distar,t country and the Pictueqecuc tNrhed Fuilham; the entrance hein y ing cariae ate n dr. opening to circular hail with sia tnsarce;a Suite of drawing rooms, communicating wihth -nn room, occupy the whole garden front, the windows of which, open on an elevated lsaIconyZ and command the picturesque scene above mentioned; the drawing rGooms being decorated in an uniique style, evincing a' highl aplpreciation of the fine arts ; the dining room in in th-e Italian style, with vaulted roof; also a morning room, three princIpa bed chambers, bath zoom, dressing rooms, and spacious corridor, cuandfive other bed rooEns abv.The offices are well arrne n h aeent; alocah bous, sablig. umeous ut-uildngs grenhiouse, conLservatory, &c. ~hee pemies re eldfora trm f 1 yersunexpired, at a moderate eftr, slsame-Wllovs Sufol; Wllam enjmi Paersn,Esq. Herford-homse, Old lrosmpton.-Costly Furniture, Sevres, Dresden. *and Oriental China. Collection of paintings. includingai series of representations of the Arts and Sciences by Cipriani, from Carltonxhouse, and other valuable Works. Services of China and Glass.Wines, 3Books, Linen, Carriagesr. Garden, statuary, and numerous Effects, late the property of Lady Hotha., deceased. CHINNOCK and GALSWORTHY have been inC structed by the Proprietor to SELL, by AUCTION, upon the Plrozaises, Hereford-house, Old BreIPten, on MondLay. April 14, andI twvo following days, the entire EFrFECTS of the MANSION, comprising an assemblage of modern household furniture of the usual description, including many item~sof a costly characxter, large size chimneny--lasses, and numerous loolking-91=s panels, Turkey, Aubusson, and Pershian capts, expensive clocks andL ormaments, including. SLdvres, Dresden, the highest class, vir.., a seri- of 14 panels, formerly in Carlton-house. painted by Cipriani, represent5ing the arts and sciences, head pieces and cupid groups by other. atis.forming-a complete decoration fograroom of large sire ; also valuable works by V andyke Morland 3Bouchier Mtignard Dusart Holbein Wouvermaus Lancret i'icart Albano Watteau Hondikoeter. muumerous r t girandloles, bra.cleta and candelabra, cervices of china and glas, ?0 ovels. of standard books. amal quantity of wines, services of plate and plated articles kitchen requisites. two carriages, 1,000 plats gade utnsls.sttusy nd rnmenalvases. Sn. May be vieed hre das pior an caaloueshadof Thomas DI. Gelding, -Ru.,solcior Wathm-u-Wllws Sufok;and of Means. Chinnock andGalworhy,aucionersandsureyos,28. Regent-street, London. Bribto.-NbleFrehol Masio, 1t te bstpart of the town, * faingthesea le onleas at£23 pe anum.A firt-class inivest- -~'HINOCKand GALSWORTHY have been 1kJfavoured with instructions from the Executers of the late Lad~y llotharm to SELL by Auction, at the Auction Mfart, on Wednesday, .April 23d, the suibstantially-built FREEHOLD MAQNSION, being No. 33. Brunswick-terrace, desirbly situate at the south-west corner. -facing the sea andL commanding a fine view of the Western-road, baving portico entrance, large hail, noble dining and drawing rooms, -boudoir, library, numerous besit and secondary bed chambers, and the -u3ual domnestic offices; tegether with a four-stall stable and coach- ~'homze adjoining, entered friom the mews ini thne rear, a-nd basing a -3private entrance from the house. Thin preperty in let on a lease for a termo, to the Dowager Countees of Rtosse. at the moderate rent of £23 aer annum. Can only be viewed, by permission of the tenant. Parti'culars obtained of Thomas "oding, Rae., rolicitor. Wasbham-le-Willows, Suffolk; andl of Mlessr. Chinnolk and Galaworthy, auctioneers aLnd land agents, 28, R-egent-street. London. -Chelsea.-Very eligible Freehold Investments, comprising 17 Hfouses, producing ahout £705 per annum; and Freehold Ground Rents, amounting to £66 14s. per atutum,-Ry direction of the Devicees under theWillof thelate Wi. Coles,Fsq. - MESSRS. CHINNO CK andl 4AISWORTHY? are .V.direted to SELL byAUCTION, in lots,at the Ma,rt. on Thurs. day May 15. atl1precisely, SEVENTEEN valuableFPREEHOLD HO'ISSE, situate and being Noe. 25 and 26, 32 to 45 inclusive, and 48 - mith-street, King's-road, Chelsea, ali in. the occupation of good ansi old tenants. at ver low rents ; also £66 1d3. per annumi in well-secured F'reekold Ground Rents, arising out of Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4, Glocesterplac, Kng'-rod, nd 2 ad 2. Sithstret,with stabling in rear. Thepogetv illbe fferd i los, douinga mosti desirable opportu- -jaity horuinestment.otay by virewypemsion of the trse o aenat and wt -atiecozulasta of Johe Martin,ee -e. .Nwsur,Lnonsun qLhonAUCIN atdetheq. 1ut Mitre-courT-hambrsda, TMply C. at W12 grave, RuET. o. vao-errusace,ting'y-road; a td thel Mart; anddof aends COAHinnSEk,stut and Gaaoth,acigNoneers, 28,1Regent-stree,an 2D,tbin sbune-mews, clsosre tothenrrachreangSet of ShWtablures-n Corach-houss,ions lotrs,ebysdreatio ofesethleTutee foret Sal andfrth X32the 4 conent aofuthe Motgaerembighearinad.Te -qr isa Ceeo oACH-HoUS eS, state aogond be t,prsningNe.3145 16 desir,ande opportunity ho any gentleman in the neighbourhood Uwisin to obtini - ievlubley asiudlsetio toabin l reidneehofblind Esandeq,allypeisigil as an 0rInvestmet,esrblngrop1ertL bini T ltoinecreasingttdesandn hi kloat. MayTIbe vieWed,nedparticuars otainedth at thdllekMart;f - Messr. Vatne otand) Valane, smolicitos 20.Rsx-tret ESTrAnd; kofn essGroas. eymoi, soiior rs8 akrass -romadiebey; cofprB.n Rye Rxe.,sllefaito r,esiGodene square' n ofinely timbrisedpar seiof 22.u 30argyl witret Rengeajont-ntreet anso Meausrs. Chnndulatnd Ghawetrth, enauc-n -tineters andu lan agens,2. Regearnt-stenet, Wandembeplci.smeo Pinchlc, iddeinx.eValuabe Fareyehldgbl ease compringsings ila. Or.esipec, oftuvery n fetile hiu, o sd Reraes cottages, ac. tigou t AUCiOn, ron Wensaysa the grae 1ar 8adth,at 1re 'cloc,- atdi titee-Mart, nxeptarh siank potofnglnd (unit esso preiousl dispbenosed of baprianthe cntr pact,ftheeiprortantyFReEHgoLD itATE,smon. anfer retusFarm opprtuGrass farm Fashiypromvning annexcelent,iben easmiay rsdenc,seratled inr ocuatfionel Patimbeedlars ofy abeout0ares,o withsrs land Tadjoiningon,ofandeauttlyIoundulaingchaoractePr, containing togetherc abutr87yares. yWngintering ofJence,sand Eremblacndgesome of 16the Jhigest groundat Upciepe cuHoliwary; eil anofM sss buidoing sites Galso sral deauchioeesad laddoksagcntaininRgeabot 23 ares; Watdesraleop fVlamily residenc, siuaepn heo ihled, an Laeld Hoseveralncotages an ItigAUCsIOaNros, byiretofthe geTerpruteeland-taxhedlaeemed, andoi tithe-free, except an sMall portion atthe Matathe of, wHich havebeen o- 3muted Xor a small rent-hre Land in tingsloalit is w dalyceasingl -b ouane n the N s hc!pat1f4h proeryhbinold, wihou poossession. butfers unsuahopportuntie oanmrvn invetmgent iath beang wihsessrs. a arylo,MsnadTyo, gsliiors,n1, Fuposital'e-lms Holbrn; f Mssrs RedortandPdcocc, roliciors andu hoMesssoneb and uck suveyrs,Worestr: f Jel ostrd Eale ilandsagent, ofa Gealswote', actionaeHoersan Candrlesntse, 28, James's-strqtuare.rLononp ('IHINNOCK and GA-LSWORTHY areisELLctby AUCTt S ION bydirction N,fa the Marutee. o the latweeki Mr., (nif wreht eary n M'AyLIHnExt Nt,thentMart aitu12tHe,teeth FEHoLDe HOfaUSmeS, N 1,2i hate, and 16. sornn t-pac f fansbland antw leasehtol theouses, palacesand Us,Pmnd plar"cotnvenictopyhamd hoss,tn, havngfo alntcher's shop,situatin Palarstton'sgreen-laene,t cotavge in thel rear withuseds,tal and ol-sabvluabled ploteof, buieldn ground opponvesitieBuls withw capita bake' shrvcp,bind Rca.try 2.er3, and 4,ein-treetan, Fcul Vyangs;uthewbcommindthe pouption, of goo tenants, uatr rana amontering 16. Pomona-rlco of grea W.xP. ammond 14. capae-isoftreest,blioho-o aetre ret omm.S.Saen,ut Req.. Olither.equiPrlins fament-stretet andeof -essrs.rChienos andos Gomalsinoth,g8 Regearnt-tee, Wauyigterlooplace. -ffie hlisae'sCextendinHfomtel hearles-sree, Sto.h Jaymes-qarket, Londcon 0feto Elo bymAUCinroNm, battheo Martkid,tgtherfistwekinh dmay,soti previouslay dfisoese of bvey privatetcontrc, This imporntaents and thwoell-throughot are Smosr centoralsiuate,bandthe cuishe Houeslt wif Parliamoent iprinialtearnens, and resoartseof falshon, v and coet themCort,l palraces,cu, ogarnd paerks, tyf cn infaccessg ho' suare from larlgte metalpoigta reobaiwa y sttins;etrlettet a shavin arohiglyartofutent arond forFoldetblse jointesiok chipaefl wthe theorunivestyies,a military and fova services animdicoutry clergyaind gemntry,and,e occpyin suc a cmmanig ositon, t inapabe, uderannterpising managment of reat xtenion,The anaidte Cof,the establish. Glmentare comensourhfateswith hereqirmnts zeold aEist-ates,na thoel ~It prsentsa mos comm ndn appearac,t cuyigte pc wfivehounsesrexteningfoms the arcad bAUTION,a the HyAruetioand con-, taieningupards ofn 70, bedroms numesprevouslyprivaesuies, offee proomt t0reety) lone smOkin roo,SbThsE o all, kinds toete wit domes-O Iticand csuliary onfce af elvaery desciption. nerthe tappintmfentsho the hotetrouighoutoare mazost appoprae, saned th felyutinbereplt ith allh mwodberntimprovemens. Thed cuaraed inbls extensive andde admraby rrage, oferngeveyfdilty orcaryige fens, larnge wine- nusal oe fo seurin an mmedate andcrertainsremneratiere-t turn. The premisesed arehepark also patclrywl dpe o ankn may e obaind ofMesss. urra, From gandeCo.,'s Whitehalnplac; o Mesrs. Bishof, Coe, nd mpa, 19 Coemvlan-steet city andof esar. Cinnek ad Gaawothy.aucioneersandsur-l veins of coal; alsoinaportant blanorial Bigbts, extending orer a large district of the Eurrounding country, vith royaltiei, fnes, quit rents, and tights of fishery in the riverNeath; also the Castle iotel, in the tewn of Neath-thewhole producing an actual and estimated rental of £1,%6Sper annum' also the Manor of Aberavon,with all the valuable minerala including Craig-y.Tewgoed, now held under lease by 3leEsrs. Llewefln and Bons- anid the valuable piece of Land, inown as the Guoll marsh, lying sajacent to the river, between Neath and Mriton ferry, containing about 332 acres. IPlans and rarticulars wil be pnblished one mnonth before the sale, and may be obtained of W!Vi am B. Webster, Esq., the Gnoll-beath,- South lVales; of Messrs. Osborne, Ward, and Co., solicitors, Bristol, at the Auction Mnrt; and cf Messrs. Chinnock and Galsworthy, audfioneers and land agents, 2S, 1 egent-street, Waterloo-place, London. rzeli-inary Advertisement.-Extensive and very valuable Freehold Estates ii. South Wales. 'a 4'YHINNOCK and GAISWORTHY beg to apprise gentlemen seeking good landed investmnentsin South Valesthat next,thevery vateluaSblre FREEHO5LD 3ESTATE of Focl-alit, in tia countY oi Glamor6pn, comprisinlg between 40.CO and S,OO0 acres, al 1st to good tenants at lowv old rents. The preperty is particularly eligible eou account of its minerals. Mlore detailed advertinements will shortly appear. Particulars may be obtained of Messrs. Tatham, Upton, Upton and Johnsonz, rolicitors, 20, Austinfriars city, and of Messr. Chinnock and Galsworthy, auctSoneer and land agents, 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Slough, Bucks.-Fine Elm Timber. 'I%ESSRS. BUCKLAND and SON are instructed 1 i.to SELL by AUCTION, on the Upton Lea Estate, adjoining the Elough Station, on the Great Western Railway, To morrow, April 1, at l. about 133loads of fine ELM TIMBER, of largemeetings and good qtuality; the roeds in the neighbourhood are sound, and the estate easy of accems. Conditions of sale, with catalogues may be had at the vdices of Messrs. HaTlam and Buckland, surveyors, Canunon-Etreet west, gity: or of Messrs. Buckland and-Son, land agents and auctioneer Windsor. 5'o Publicans, GrocemlFixture Dealers, and others.-95,St. John-street, Smithfield, underan Execution. 1 B. GEO. LEWIS will SELL by AUCTION on the Premises, THIS DAY, at 12, the following EFFECT~ _a landsomie piece of mahogiany cabinet work, Spanl-h mahogany nest of tanister divisions, with plate-glass capital gas fittisg mahogany top counterr, partition clocks, few lots of furniture, and nther effects of boat and shoe mnaker. Catalogues on the premises, and at 4, Coleman,treet. Poetnonementef the sale of a Coachmaker'sStock. MR P. JE IETT begs to state the SALE by AUC- TION, cf Mem 1s5,D, d Yug's *teck. in Great Mylebone- 'g&i, 5ger-ztreet, and Kina-treet, Postman-square, ag s re,,aderisd orApilw.Ssunoiab OSTPOxx-Dj-Cag0 Pall-mall.-Cevrer Wate-clourDraw g,tbCProPerty of W. Stephez., 3ESSRS. PSTER and SON wl SL by AUC- TION, at the p, js-soall. on Wednesdv. Aprl 2. at 1peieya COLLECTION oif WVATE&COOLOUH DR&WIXGS, ch rnw o uch, tte frgam te exhibitlena ia Pall-rgalt, and. PallilUeast,includin xample¶if6(0A t. Ta lo T. S. Cooper jj A.. H. BRivght J. M.. Wright L1,Haghe ' J. B. 1'ue A. Herbert, A. collection of intersi.lsir raoFercturOgIby W. Etty,.B.A. A. Woolase Lee Herring J. Contable J. Martia Cooper Van Brea P. Nvasrytb Carmichael Shayer Bouvier, aricothr plarmastershl framed engraingsft O. 0view. Caai. Sr.ssFge'o oIea 5, P -mnalL Palml-A Library of well-seletdBok nGnral idterature, nandsomel on. 1IESSRS. FOSTER and SO ilSLL by AUCI ITION at the Gallery. 54 Pall-mall, on Friday, April 4, at I. lreeisevaLB~tAY o abot 1600 vola. of BOOKS, the property of a giritliman; including beautiful edition)s of the wrorks of Osaucer, ,Milton, De Foe, Pope. Shuikespere, Beaumnont and Fletcher, Mdassingc r, Ford Walpole, Dibidin, Goldamith, Gibbon, Prescott, Macau ay, Thacicray, and other standard authors; fine copies of Gi,lcayb Car.. catures, J3rayley's Surrey, kra On view two days prior, and.eatalogut a bad at Messrs. Foster's ofrlces, 54, Pail-mall. Reversion to £2,600. 1I,IESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- 12LTION, at the Mart on Tuesday, APril15, at 12. the REVEr. S ION to X2,000. abundantiy secured on property of the best kind,coatincenton agentleman agd.23 survivin a ayae 7 atclr 10 days before theesaleof Daniel Culsagton. 2, Craven-street, Strand; at theM3art; and.ofMessFotr54Palnil Bisopsatestret ithut.Nos. 58 59, 60, and 61. 1ESSR . FOTEan ON are directedl to SELL 311 bYA'UCIO, at the Mart, on Tuesday, April 15. at 12. in one lot, one undivided TENH-PART or SHARE in an3d to FOU5R snbstantia FREEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, with shops and back premises, being Nos. 58, 59. 60. and. 61, Bishopag'ate-stret without of the estimated. anual value of £400. Particulars may be had. 14 days before the saile at the Mart; of G. Dodd, l.fsq., solicitor, 26, New Broad-street. city; and of Messrs. Foster, 54, Pail-miall. Duk-steet Grsvnersqnre,Weuseure Inomeof 72a year. TIOat te Mart, on Tuesday, April 15. at 12. ey od LEASE HOLD HOUSE and SHOP, 19. Duke-street, Govnr square, close to O-xford-street; let or. lease for 2t years fromi HIt, at a6 clear rent of £90 per annum, anid held. b-y a ground lease. whichexpires in 1578. at £1. Plarticulars may be had, 141 days before the sale, at the Mart; of Messrs. Fielder, Johnson, and Master, solicitors, 22, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square; and of Messrs. Foster,. 84, Pall-mall. Freehold Houses and. Shops, in the city of London, let on -leases 1WfSSRS. rFOSTVER ancl SON wHi SELL by AUC- £tTION, at the Auction Mart, on Tuesday. April 15. at 12, in ta-a lots, the followving desirable FRE,EEHOLD PROPERTIES, viz. :-A most substantial House and. Shop, No. 46. on the north sidle of Skinnerstreet. in the city of London; let on lease to. and in the occupation of, Mesrs.Buher,or ter of yers.Lot2.A substantial House and. Sho, a th bak o te frme lo. adbcagNo. 3, Snowhill; let on leae t, adinth ocupaionof Mesrs Web,for a term of - years Thes houes pesen exellet inestmnts,andp roduce aL well-secured. incoe o £20 pr nauns Ma bevieed by permission of the tesant; ad prtiulas hd. t te Mrt;Of Messrs. Garrard and. Jams,solciors Sffok-tret,Pal-mll as; and of Messrm Foster Stoke 'Newingtoin-A. capital Leasehold Prpry fFv well-built Houses and Shiops in the high read, all ltolng leasep, and held. for 94 years at ground rents ; to be sold. nlv os MESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directedl to SELL MLV by AUCTION, at the Mfart, on Tue2day, April 15, atl F2IPVE excellent HO'USES with maodem Shops, advantageouisly placed in the bestpart of the High-street Stoke Newsng;ton,being NosA,.5.6, 7, andO letrespetirelytoMr,.Davig~e,Mr.Rumney,Mr.Parrt,sfr.Kenny, ian Mlr.Hlal, onlease, e-ach for2llyears, at the followin3grents.viz., £58£l5, £E70,£60. and. £3.making together £303per annmi; held.direct.frail the freeholder, at. for Nos. 4 and 5 together, £30 ground. rent : and for Nos. 6, 7, and 8 a ground rent of £C20 per annum each.. This property isain themucat desirable part of Stoke Newington for busiLness, is to be sold in dive lots, offering good cecurity for investmnent without change, as the tenants all hold. for 21 years. and have power in their lessto claim renewals for a further term of 21 -ears. May be viewed. by permission of the tenants, and particulars haid at the Angel, Is]ingtin; at the Mart ;of Messr. McLeod. and. Canni, 51. idncoln's-inn. fielda; and of Mlessrs. Foster and Son, 54, Pall-mall, Bond-street-Second and Final Portion of the Aubusson Cres _['ESSR.S. FOSTER adSN inform tepbi LYLthat the SECOND SALE will take place at the Room,t Od Bond-street, on Friday. April 25, and following day- This auctinwl include about 60 AUBUSSON CARPETS of different dimensons,, seine beautiful tapestries, sofa covers &o. Eveycrtinhe former was sold, and. it is the intention of the ownertocnuthi auctioa on the samaebasis. The publicview willbU ou asbefo r the sale. Pall-mall.-Dltch Pictures of the highest class. 1jlSSRS. FOSTER. and SON are directed to ani- ILnounce for SALE~ on Wednaesday, Mlay 7, at 1, 60 first-class DUTCH PICTURES. Thiscollection, formed by mnature Judgment aud. added to upon the dispersion of celebrated cabinets, wil be found to containi the following important pictures --From. the Coventry collection, vizz.-Landscape and Figures. Van Uden : Landsc-ape, .Men-a cheon ItnlanLanscae,Caud ; ead Gme, Weeniax ; Lady wsith BsiishInsittio. Mstof hes pctues renamed in Smith's Gatnlogn Rasouie.On iewtwoday pror,and. -catalogues had of F'reehold. Ground Rns MESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUJC- ILTION, at the Mast in May, (unrless previously disposed. of byprtvate coutract,) FREE4OLD GItOUIJNI RENTS, amoenting to £67 per annum, abundnty ecured on first-class property, en the Hlyde-park estate. Patclr are Prepariag.-54 Pall-mali. Prelinsinary Advcrtisement.-Sussex, near Brighton.-Ovingdean House and Farm, about 350 acres, with the Manor of Wightea Caylefo. NiESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directedi to ML announce for SALE by AIJMOTlN, in Mlay (unless previously disposed of by private contract), asn important FREE,HOLD) ESTATIA bein tht cpitl mnsin, ringdean-house. a sihort distance from Brighton,togethier with an excellent farm of 810 acres,and. two cottages, also the Manor of WTightenx Caylefe. The farm is under lease to Mr. Steyning Beard.. at £31 per annum; the mansioni and 19 acres of ground. and paddock are under lease to John INibart, Esq., at £260 per annum. Full particulars may be had of Mlessrs Hopgood. soUlietors, King William-street, West Strand, and of Messrs. Foster, 54, Pall-mall, who are auathorized to treat by private contract. Baker's 3asinesa, doing 35 sacks weekly, all ready money.-eae Goodwill, Fixtures, and Utensils, in one lot.-To Millers,Baes Fiour-factors, and. others.-Absoiute and. Unresered. Sale. 1~R. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, MLJ at the Castle Mark-lane THIS DAY, March Il, at 2 for 3 pro cisely, the BENFU CIAL LEAE of those commodiousa PREM TSES No. 8,Gmeat Chiapel-street, Westminster; with the Goodwfi of the valuable Business, and all thelFixtures and. ittings in Trade, in one lot; by direction of the proprietor, through ill health. Plarticular at the Castle. and. of Mr. Peter Broad, auctioneer, 28, Poultry. No. 12, Holborn-bars, corner of Castle-street.-Household. Furniture and. Efects.-Absolute and. Unreserved. Sate. 14.PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION~, LVI o the Premises, on Wednesday next, April 2, at 12, superior YURNITURE ; comprising mahogany Arabian, iron, and. other bedsteads, bedding, chests of drawers, carpets, chairs, leo and other tables, and.various effects. On view morning ofsale. Catalogues onxthe promiises ; anid of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry-. Hammnersmith,-Vsluable House and. Shop, nearly equal to Freehold. -Absolute Sale, with poesession MR.- PETER BROAD wfil SELL by AUCTION, ML at the Auction Mart, on Wednesday, April 2, at 12, a wvell-built corner HO'USE and SHOPl, commandingly situate in Biack Lion-lane, Hiammersnith, a. few doors from the main road : heldlfor 85 years from 184 a th nminl roud.rent of £1l per annum. At present in han, ut il comad.a rent of £130 per annum. May be viewed. Partculrs t te Mrt;and. of thle auctioneer, 28, Poultry. 111gb-street, Ilangton.-Highl eligible Commercial Plroperty forunre~- erved. sae. 1~I;PETERP BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, thIar,onWdesa, pi 2, at 12. in two lotsa.tose osmar.lig BSIESSPREISS ad.DWELLING-HO ESN, Bbs.24 ndI, Hgh-tret, ahntonbot inthe occupation of highly respctale nd.resonsile enats;helfo alonog unexpired term at lowgrondrens, ssproueig ne inom of£15 per annum. May be ieedbyperisio o th tnats Patiulrsof W. A. Wails Faq, Boombur-suar; a th Mat;and ofte auctioneer, 28, Hlarrow-reed, Paddington, (lsawford-street, Marylebone, Woolwich. Charlton, and. Borough-road.-Freehold and Leasehold Estates.- Votes for the county of Rent.-Absolute Sale, by direction of the Mortgagees, MR. PIETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, MU at the M1art, on Wednesday, AprIl 2, at 12. in lets, without resere, a LEASEHO-LD HOUSE and. iHOP, No. 9, Harruw-road, let at £646 per annumn ; commanding Business Premises, with dwellig-house, No., Crawford-street, Portmua-esquae, let en agreemaent at £70pe annum : Tw-o commodious Dwelling-houses, Nos. 31 and. 32, Ogilby-r street, Woolwleb, producing £48 15s. per annum and. Six well-built Cottage Residences, pleasantly situiate in Harden's Manor-way, Chsarlton, let at £63 l2s. per annum to punctulypaylag tenants. A Leasehzold House. No. 2, orough-read, let to ar Smiti hairdresser, held fralnterm, at alow ground. rout, and. of the value of £35 per annum. Ail hold. for long terms, at low ground rents. Also, Two Freehold Houses, LNos. 18 and. 19. Joseph-street, Woolwich,producing £3 is.5 per annum. May be viewed by permission of the tenants. Particulars at the Mart; of Messrs. WatsonL and Sons, solicitors, 12, B3ouveriestreet, Fleet-sreet, andHanersmith ; of M4r. Jar Pearce. solicitor, Woolwich; and.o the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. To 'rintiagss ,-mksrs,Engineers, and. tth,rs.-Finsbury.-By Messrs1. FLE anHOSty, at the Mart, onx Wednesday, May r11HE Lease and Goodwill of a Colsumbian PrintingJL press Factory, established more than 25 years, situate in Finsburystreet, near Finsoury-square : comprising a factory and smith's shop, iron and. coal stores. counting-hiouse, light and lofty. worlkshop, and pavedI yardI with gateway entrance, five-hiorse power steama engine and bailer, two surfacing lathes two engine-turnig lathes with driinag gear, smith'sforges, vices, andbenches. The lease inheld.for theurmexpired term oils5 yeaJ-s, at the low rent of £35 per anaum. Mfay be viewed till the sale. Particulars may be had on the prenmises ; at thxe Mlart; and. of Mlessrs. Fuller and Homsey, 13. Billlter.street, city. TXo Millers.-St. Thomas' MIs, Stratford, Essex.-By MlESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY, at the Mart, Bartholemew-lane, on Wednesday, May?., at 12 o'clock, ITHE Lease and Goodlwill of a Steam Corn M"iU Tsituate inMarsh Gate-lane, Stratford, on the river Lea, about; fourmfies from Mark-lanie by road, and. within a quarter of an hour Iby rail, capable of giding 500 sacks per week, and. ina locality well known to commandan extensive offa trade, also an easy delivery for country wheat. The mil coin p rses a store room in roof, with loading apparatus firom the niver machine floor, recently fitted. with two silk machnes smutia an bolingmacines stneloor, with tenpair of Frenh sone, elvatrs,andjumprs.Grond loor, containing all theworin ger n god.coditon eninehose,16horse power condensing s~~~~~~~~team engine,2hoepwrhgprsuetam sgn, two tublarstem biles. mit's hop strewarehouse of two floors, carener' sop.stblig or igt hrss,chaise and van houses tee is itatoncommandsa xesv rd,wih yiscne nient connection with Mak.ln,ln n ae araecnb provd ad meemied b th preenttenant at an expense of sevealtousnd.conis. obevieed illthe sale. Particulars had Poultry-First-class Freehold Property, occupsing an areaof near3,000 superfical feet, on lease, and producing S380 per annum, with the prOspect of a large increased income in afew-years.-ByMi. MASON, - at&theMart,on Tu-esday, April15, in 2 lots, by order of the Devisees in trast forsaleof John Geary,Zsq., lateof Barleston,Leicester,deceased, THOSED capital Premises, % ON . 20 and 21, south side of the Poultry, in the occupation of the Liverpool and London Fire and life Assurance Company and four stories of offices in the rear, with covered way into Bncklecabury, numbered 27 A, is on lease to Sir Thomas Bernard Birch, Bart., and others, trustees twho have laid out a large sum of money on the premfise) at 400 per annum: this lease was granted in 1828, and the rent may be expectedtobemore than doubled.in 1870. Also the exceUent House and heop adjoining, being No. 22. in the occuDation of Messrs. Pepys and Williams, at £280 a year until 1867, when an' improved rent may be obtaed. May be viewed by cardsonly, which may be had of the auctioneer, S. Union-court, Broad-street, lato of Nortonfolgate. Particu. lars of Messrs. Brmundett and Co., solicitora 10 King'sBench-walk, TSmple ; of Messrs. Ansten and De Gox, soliestors;, & Rymond.'B-noaild. nngs, Gray's-inn ;of W. Freer, Eaq., solicitor, Leicester; and t Gram. shaw, F6q., solicitor, Gainaborough. amUIton- terrace, St. Johnes-wood.-E xcellent Furniture, Pair Globes, -somefinePaintinL and Engravings,200cimcesPhte,linen, a dGlays, and. Efects, peremptorily.-By Mr. MASON, on lon. day, Aprt l h at 11 pnctually (on account of the number of lots), on Hanlton-terrace, HIADSOME Drawing Room Suite, comprising rosewood chaira and couches, marqnzeterie, loo, and other tables, papier mlche chairs and tables, walnut-wood davenport, canterbury, elegant =re and silver damask curtains, ecimson satin stripe ditto, velvet pile and other carpet lare size brilliant plate chimney glasses, cut-glass chandeliers, -0- Parisian lock, aabaster and china ornaments, set of dini:n, g.tables 11 feet by 4 feet 6 inches. 12 Spanish mahoganyjchairs stuffe in morocco, and sofas, excellent 7feet pedestal sideboard with plate-glass at back 76 by 28 inchese fenders, lire ion the fittings of nine bed roems, including handsome aaho. gany four-post and Arabian bedsteads, with hangings, prime bedding, severa wel-made winged. wardrobes, chests of drawers, marble-top wasbatands. cheval glasses, cabin sefas. presses, baths, hail chairs, umbrella stand, dinner, dessert, and tea services. kitchen requisites, iron roler, and out-door articles. Catalogues of M£essr.a Walters and SOn, socilors, 36, Basiaghal-sreet; and of the auctioneer, 8, Unmoncourt, Old.Broad-street. Marsh land, Plumntead, Kent. MR. ROB. ALLEN has received instructions to wS byST AUCOTIONTHISDAY, March 31,at 12,at theAuction Mart, about 14a. 2i. 2Sp. of rich MARSI LAND) with a substantial barn and buildings, situate in the Abbey Leve, at the end of the Church Mfanor.way, ln theparish of PumteadlowetotheAbbey-wood Steton.n th Noth KntRilwa, aentl mies ress Londlor, three miles rmWie fomws, andthe litcke distance from Erith. Imimediate e oscrticular apply to J. Hayward, Eoq., oNdor,atod, ent ofiaaucOoner,uxlj^near Poqvs-Y ldorden-hill. Lewishamn-rogd,-Farniture (in good conadition), Cahinjt Pi.anoforte, and other Household Effects ; ama two Thactons, Ba H Gelding, and aRnmeaL MSRS-,USEMr0THimdJARVIS will SEL by AUON, on the rlemises or- Friday, ALpril 4, cap.ta a1 0oltr FJRNiTUltE; including four-po6t and Arabian bedstead', Wsinged wardrobe, cheats of dtrawers, wahatdands, toilet tables andi slasses, drawing, dfining room, sknd. library curtains in rmerino damsk, sets of mnalogsany cbairs iota and couch, centre and occasonal tables,1 a fij-octare cabinLet pianoforte by Riolfe, a 6 feet 6 pedestal sideboard bx,nuae clilmney-slass,Broasela carpeta, maboganyhatstand,bracktt and kitc6en clocks, culinary utensils, and other useful property. Ilsy b,e viewed the day previous, snd catalogues had an the premises;, and at the offices of Memasr Rushaworth and Jarvis, Saville-row, Rege_nta rest, and 19, Change-alley, COrmhiL. Excllent modern Funture, a1 Cottege Pianoforte, a-few Cab-inet, Pictures, seeaBag lse,vl lTbeadled Lineni,elecant Services ofTbePreanan ihCtgas lated WVare, and other lfsileosA enaeofnenemnsMansion, removed for the cneineo ae 1~ESS. RUSHNWORTH and JARVIS will1SELL .YLby AUCTION, at their great ERoom. Saville-row, on Tuesday, April 15, and following day, the e egnt medem FURNITURE in rose. wood and mahogany, consoles andL glasses, clocks, porcelain and otiler ornamental obejects of taste, chamber appendages, including excellent bedding, a large quantity of valuable table and bed linen, handsome Worcester porcelain table servicesandrieb cut-glZass.plate-d wre,a few cabinet pictures. ann other valuable misecellneouis sefects, fincluding an oake skiff by Scarle and a pairof swans. May be viewved one day previous, and catalogues had at the offices o' Messrs. Itushworth and Jarms, Saville-row, Regent-street. and 19, Chanjge-alley, CormhilL.- No. 18, Park-lsne.-The valuable Leasehold letesience and TStb1ig, held at a ground rent, and let on lease to~Sir Thomas EAward Colebrooke Bart,, at the ver- low rent of Laid per annum. MESSRSby RUSlI WORTH and JARVIS are Mdirected b the Trustees under the will of John Robins, Ese,, deceased,to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's,on Thursday, April 17, at 12. the LEASEHOLD TOWN RESIDENCE, fashionably situate, No. 18. Park-lane, overlooking the pileasur grounds near ADsley-house. The residence was designed by Sir John Soane. anid built, in the most aubeantil maner,andhas een udicouslitiproved by the presenLt tenatn. whose- term nexpr tesi18, whnch a h con aesiderbl iceae n h renth Cayefatolyb Santicipted Floer proerd Kischeld ford61 yearshfpom Bla onke,T le,ad Ty aleng soletrs, Esse6x-stndreet.Stad;ndoMes. tMhwoRShan JRvi,SavW-ow,ReT ntsret and 19,RChanwe aley EorhLL bACIN tGra.onTisa,Arl1,a Bra tery dAcra-lae,nathchchA detached VIL.RSDNEwilla coesieneor, witheConservatoen,garabns,g, Flower and sitchen Gardens,Acithlpoe- Brixton, a quiet, open, and healthy position, within a short distance of Buixton Church, from whence there are omnibuses to the city and west end every few minutes, offering to a moderate-sized famaily a pleasant and agreeable residence for occupation : held under two leases, for ternis of which about 65 Years are unexpired. at ground rents amount.. tag to £27 10s. per annum. May be viewed by cards, wihich, with rited ptt.-'l'-- may be obtained of Messrs. Rushworth and Jarvis, v1le-row, Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley, Corehill. Freehold Chambers, in the Albany, with po~sseion. 1~rSSRS. RUSHWVORTH and JARVIS are IJ..dlirected by the Devizees under the Wilt o' the late Rev. G. F. Grey to SELL byAUCTION, at Garraway's, on ThursdaY. April 17. ast 12a SETofelegant and compact FREEHOLD CHAMOEIt in the Albany, Piccadily, situate on the first floor in L No. 3 on the east side, comprising two lofty front rooms with balcony, a ied_ chamber water-closet, largze entrance lobby with fire-place, also a kitchen above, andecollaring. The chamberswere lately occupied byLord Stanley at a runt of £94 10s. per annum, bat are now in hand, and will be sold, with possession, subJect to an annual fee farm rent. and may be viewed on application at the steward's ofrice, in the Albany-courtyard, and printedI particulars had of Messrs. Capron, Brabant. Capron, and D)alten, solicitors Savile-place; and of Messrs. Rtushworth and Jarvis, Saville-roa', Regent-street, and 19. Change-alley, CoruhilL. Glocester-place New-reaL.-A capital Leasehold Residence, with good Gardenandfltablin , ith possession. 1%rSSRS. RUSHWOR~H anld JARVIS are di- Ll reeled by the Executor to SELL, by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thursd-ay, the 17thi day of April atI12 o'clock, a capital substantial RESIDENCE. situate No. bi, Glorester-place, New-road, near to the Rtegent's-park, containing six bed rooms tw~o haviung dessing rooms annexed, two drawing rooms and a budoir comuniatiug,two laxlours laid into one, an entrance hail, bcromanwater-c ceast kitchen with stare room adjoining, back kithen patry wie clla, lrdr, nif-hose,coa valts&C., with garen n ron ad rar an athre-tal sabl, arnssroom, and coah-huse wthlft nd wodwelin romsover, entere from Gbocostr-mws ort Th ter oftheleae uexpired in 32 years from ladyday 186. nd he goun ret i moerate. Printed particulars maybe ad f esss. ray Amstong ad Mounsey, selicitors 9, Stape-in andf Mesrs.ltnswert andJarvis, Saville-row. and 19, Chane-aley orhil, o whm cads o vewrasy be obtained. choie seciensof cagiol, Se.,foringthe entice Soko ess JrSSRS. RUJSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL .AJLb AUCION,at the Galleries in Universlt7-strcet, near Fitzroysisnre, n th ~thand th of April, the 6th and 4 th of May, and the wdande4th of June (in conseuence of the premises having been disposed of), the very celebrated COLLECrI&-N of SCULPTURIES, in marble, including classical figures, groups, vases, therms, pedestals and fountains, valuable bronzes, numaerous chirmney-pieces, of tho most approveddeelgusin Italian, French, Englis, andother marbles, maniy of which are beutifully sculptured by ins t,-rate artists; also cobumin pedstas, anelara1mosic, petr fus,and miarble slabs, and varouswors n saghla,fo whch hisesablshmnthas been so lon faou, Te toc wil e aragedinlots, isuital for the decortioof alons hals coridrs teracs,gardens, and pleasure grondsof he obiityandgenry.Catlogeswilibe ready four days prio toeac sae ad my b ha onthepremises; and of Messrs. RmhwrthandJ'aris,Savlle-ow,Regnt-sree, ad 19, Change-alley, M1ansfield-street, Csvendihsur.AcmatLaeodRsdne with the extra floorofbe room:hlfo60yasatgon et.w'thoesln b SHWORTH andJARVIS will SELL AUTO,at Garraway's, in May next (unless previously disosd f y pivtetraty, vrydesirable LEASEHOLD RESIDINC, No11. ~el-strel, earCavendish-sqtnase and Portlan-plce,conaiingtheexta fooof bed rooms and suitable receptionroom, th whoeinpretearfo immediate occupation : hel fo 60yeas, t agrudenof£0pr annuim. May be viewed daly ndpatcuar adatte ffcs f esr. uhwrh and Jarvs, Svile-ro, Rgentstret, and IO, Chag-ley ei Highly valuable Leasehold Property onx the Crown ~Estate inuSt. Martin's-place, King Williamn-street, and Chandos-strect, Chanuagcross vrd)litenuated, and roducing a' rental of £1,500 Per annum. JUESRS RUSHWORTH and JARVIS are l~idirectedby the Executors of the late Willam Mrouniford Nurse, Esq., to announoe for SALE, by AUCTION at Garraway's, in the month of MEay, valuable LEASEHOLD PROi3ERTY. comprisig the Lowther Rooms, and Nos. 20, 22, 23. 24, 25, and 28, King Willamztreet, and Nos. 12 14,15, 16 and I7 .Chandos-street, in the vicinity of Trafalgar-square.(hrn-os, forming most desirable investments. Also an improved Ground Rent of £240 per annum, for 75 yas amply ,secured upon the very spacious premses Nos. 7 and S. St. Mlartins-place. nea St. Martin's Church, and two shops in Chandosstreet adonn.Frhrpriuaswl apPear in futuro advertisements.-Savle-row, and 19, Chanige-ally Corbuhl. In the Regent's-parIL--Ospital Leashold Prop~erty for In~vestment. copsng many elegant Residences and Stabling, improved Ground Rents, a Pblic-house, and other valuable Premises, prinicipally held direct from the Crown for long, term2s, at moderate ground rents and producing a rental of nearly £2060 per annum. MI1ESSRS. RUSEW'ORTE andI JARVIS are ILdirected by the Executors of the late Willam Mountford Nurse. Rzq., to announce for SALE, by AUCTION, at Gairawray's, in the mnonth 6f May next, in lots, the LEASBEHOLD RESIDENCES, Nos. 1 and 4, Cumaberland-place, Nos. 7 and 8, Chester-terrace, Nos. 10 and IZ Chester-place, No. 12, Park-square west. No. 2, Brunswick-place, the Prince George Pubic-house, uClroo-streel; improved Ground Rents, arising from No. I Cumbnerland-terrace, and 2. Ulster-terrace, and arange of stabling, ~11os. 46, 47, A49, 0, 051, 52, 53,54 56,157, &Q, 59, 60, 61, 62, 64,65, and 66, Chester-mews. The above property has yielded a remarkably steady income to the late proprietor, and the auctioneers having received the rents for that gen!tleman dusing a pFcried of nearly 25 years, can confidently recommend it to the notice of eapitallist, More detailed particulars will apear in future advertisements, -Saville-row, and 19, Chane-aley, Cornill Recent-streek.-A imporan Leasehold Investment, comprising two elegant spacious She? stut No. 507 Regent-street, with the pree. miises aboe ocn is, by the CavendiaUClub. and the great theatre in herer,lettoth RyalPoytchie Institution ; the whole produring an annual rental of £52 and held from the Duke of Portland, at a small ground rent. 'VIESSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARVIS are directed by the Executors of the late William Mountford Nurse, Esq., to announce for SALE by AUCTION, at Ganraway's, in the month of May, the nobIea aid most substanti.l. EDIFICE, No.5307. Regenkt-strLet, adjoining the Royal PolytechnicoInstitution. The ground floor comprises two spacious and elegant shops and library, and the remaindrner of the building forms a spendid literary institution and clubhouse, including loflreading rooms, libraries, billiard room, and other apatmets;es n las, a th vey lw rntof £400 per afinum, and a fneof 10 pyabe ver sve yersonrenewingthe lease. The ofthenpreceding, Cesandinletro leaserabletheRoalPolyt~ehidcInstitr oeccuation, with extensive Garden, largeConserva tory, andStabling: held free from rent. ES.R'USHWORtTH anid JARVIS are d1IL ele yhe Executors of the late James Fortey, Req., to SELL byAUTIN at Garraway's. in the month of May, a handsome and very comfortable RIESII)ENCE, distmngasshed asStanley-bouse, situate in the bert part of the Kinig's-road, Chelsea, n ear St. Mark's College. The situation is exceedfingly open and cheerful, and the house insuiwted to a famil of the highest respectability. The garden is tastefully laid oDut in lan writh handsome shrubs and parterres, and at the extremity thereof is a conservaLtory about 70 feet long, with a forcing-housqe an. nexe. Te sablig cmprses taningforthree hores, with a looseboxadjinig, nd spcios cachhoue, verwhich in an apartment fitte asschapl, eneredfrom the lbayitheobuse. The property is eldforan nexire tem o 13yeas fomLady-day, 1856. free of ren. ad imedateposesson ay e hd.To be viewed by cards onl, hic, it patiulas,ma beobaied of I-. H. Dluncombe, Req, , Lons-in,Stand ad a te ofiesof Messrs. Rushworth andJaris,Saill-ro . Rget-sree, ad 9, Change-alley. C~ouhill. YOrkhr.inteNrth Ridig-lgi a dedIvsmns iut acres~togsther ith the nororediof Crhre xedn ~~%fESSES. RU'HWORTHE andl JARVIS are ILL onored ithdirections from a nobleman to announce for SAEbAUCTION, at the G-eorge HoteL. York. on Thursday, May 22, in several lots, the vainable ESTATE of CARTHORPE, lying near to the turanike-road from Boroughbridge to Richmond, about 44 miles distant-from the market town of Bedaie (where there in a good markcet for cattle once a fortnight), 21 miles from the Sinderby Station on the North-Eastern Railway, nine from Binon, 10 from Richmond, and 17 from Loburn. The estate comprises 1,353 acres. principally arable, and insdvided into farm., with suitable homesteads and buildings. It als copries eveal ouss ed cttaes,and the Black Bull Inn, in he illge;likwis a alublecla fild,with a brick and tile kiln andshes, nd arg plntaion ofoakand fir. The pronerty is situte ithn a hor ditanc ofcom ofthe lovely ar,d picturesque sceer fo wic ths outy s o jsty eleraed benFbot1 12 from the well knowvn tasiing zround of Aliddleham Dloor, andL from the far-famed Wensleydale. Theestatewil bedividedintolotssuitable to large and small capitalists, and of which printed particulars withplaos, may be had, 21 days prior to the sale. of Ar. Thomas Magan, Jerveaux Abbey, of Thomas To ham, Req., Solicitor. Middleham ; of M1r. William Chandler, Tanfleld, near Bledale (who will show the estatel: likewise of John Maushan. Esq., Durley. Marlborough, Wilts; andin London of Afessrs.Nicholl, Smyth, and gurnett olicitors, 18, Carey-street. Lincoln's-inn; and at the offioes of Menrs. Rushworth ancd Jrv land surveyors and auctioneers, Saville-row, Recent-street. and 19. Change-alley, Cornhill. Borough-road.-Remaining Stock of Artificial Stoine Figures, MESSRS. EVERSFIELID and HORNE are in- y structed by the Proprietor to SELL by All CTION, on the Premises. 74, Boroueh-road, Southwoark. on Wednesday, April 2, at 10 for 11, the final pOrtiOn of the extensive STOCK!a; comprising fountains, vases, figures, groups (inclding the large Laocoon, the Ouly one in astificial stone), centre flowvers, &c. To be sold wiithout reserve, and will be thelast sale this season. May be viewied one weeki previous, and catalogues had on the premises ; and of the auctioneers, 40,Parliamenes,treet. or COal EXChange. To Stone and Marble Masons, Buiilders, and other - Kld Kent-road MES SRS. EVERSFIELD d HORXE are in: structed to SELL by AUCTION, on the Rrernises, Shi Jamee's. road, Canal-bridge, Old Kent-road, on Thursday, April 3. at 10 for 11, the entire STOCK of the late Mr. Charles Dalton, deceased, comprising 0,660 feet of York paving and slab, Earehill, Shipley, and other sawn slabR Portlandandliathstene, cills, coping, steps, ldc., monumlents and hesA-stones, mzarble slab, 150 marble and stone chimosy-pieces, and a large quantityof useful atone: also three earthorses and harness, 160 chaldron ot breeze, old bricks, &. May be viewved one day previous and cataogues had on the premises; and of the auctioneers, 40, Par. liament-street, or Coal Exchange. Banksides.-Valoable Stock in Trade and Effects of a Stone Merchant. M ESSRS.EVERSFIELDandHORNEhavereceived - - instructions from the trustee, Mr. Henry Booth, to SELL by AUCTION on the Premises, 42, Bankside, Souithwark, on Wednesday and Thlrsasy. April 9 and 10 at 12 for I each day, the very extensive and valuable STOCK of STOllIB: comprising several thousand feet of tooled Yorkc paving, landings and slabs, York steps, dills, coping, and sinks, Portland and Gazeby stone in blocks and cantiutg, granite bl9c,pitchi,nad kerb, HarehiUl and Robinhood slab, numerous gnn rnes. mltnes, marbleslabe, chimney-pieces, &c., also the plant and effects, comuprising two excellent travelling cranes, a seven-ton iron crane, four nason's carts, one spring cart, four stone trucks. horses eight sets of hamrnes,annd3n^um=ereOus oathe;r effets.te Mayer viewe Itwvo dasprevious, and catalogues had on the premises, and of the auctioneers, 40, Parliament-street, or Coal Exclrarge. Bamet, Herts. DUCKWORTH i. instructed to SELL by April , at the top of Barnet-hull To-morrow (fTesda Api ,a Zwithout reserve, all the nest and geniuine HIOUS HOD URNIITURE, plate and plated articles, linen, china and glass, kitchen requisite, and other effets, w hich may be viewe and catalogues had at the usual inns; at (owing's Ubrary, Ba &aDd Of Mr. Du4Worth, estate geXit, H 4ey, BR et, 8tangate, L mbetl-Imsportant Improved Ground Reet of £706' :13. per auuuraL JW - -013NS bW t notfy' hatthe aboe ot auc ion;itmeLAy EO 3M= - nwbe as N~OT SOLV atth rirmeiaer a cear interest of 8 per ent. peitammCvetgmn £63 a year 1roflt Rent, arising from No. 14, 301-treet, Fortmliu- square let on lease, and held under Lord Portmn, sit a ground rent of £C2 only nranm M R ROBINShas received instructions to SELL yAUCTION, atthe Mart on Thursday, April 10, aLt 12, an SligXASESOLI)PROPERMTY, *stuate No. 14, King-stret PortInan-squsreo,let to aLhighlYrespectable tenant on lease, at a rent of £65a yea, nd el drec fomLor Fetan.fo aterusofwhich I2years .ar uexpre, a agrundret o oly 2 erannum. The house ss in god epar. ad cntans ver~ covenenefor afaml;y, while the advatags ainn frm tis stuaionwil alaysensure the above e r an ncrase retal oferig amos exellntopportunity fera seurue invesment Pariculrs ma he ad o Mr.A~idridge, solicitor, 2T, Mona~le,Rasel~suar; a th Mat;and at Mlr. Itobina NO. 1, Chatrlee-street, Manchestr-square, and No. 12, Greivlle-strs,it, Somers-town.-Twro desirable Leasehold investments. R. RBINSwill SELL bY AUCTION, at thae m Mad, on Thursday, April 10, at 12 in two lets, by diroeton of the Representative of the Mo tgsee, acapital HOUSE. with doube.- fotdhopnd seea oInselgble for letting, being No. 1, Charljestreet, manchester-square, clos to Spanis-gp lace and High-strost, 1Marlebone, let upon lease at £.45 a y-ear, and held for 30 years imex- ied natfour I gieas only. MAo avery good private Dwellng-hom3e, leo. 12. Grenvillestreet, Somers-town, close to (larendon-street, let at £C2 a year, and held for 25 yearsunex,pired at aground rent of five guinieas a year. May be viewed, and particulars had of Messrs. Jones and Dunster, solicitors. IHenrietta-street, Cavendish-square; Mr. Shephard. homeo agent, 32, Upper York-street Bryanaton-square; of It Saywell, Fsq. soUicitor. Temiple-chambers, Fleet-treet; at the Mart. and at Mr. Rtobinss ofices, Covent-garden. VVeybridge. Surrey.-Capital Freehold Residence, with handsome car- riage d'To in front, Pleasure and kitchenL gardens, coach-house, stabling and iusmedlate possession. "R.:kOBINS is instructed to SELL byAUCTION sviat thoMart,on Thursday.April l0,at 12, a sui?erior FREEHOLIg RESIDENCE, of a most convenient and substantial character, nearly opposite to the church, at Weybridge, Surrey, and about half a mileI from the railway station. The salubrity of the air isi well known, the soil loam and gravel, the drives in all directions mnost interesting and* beautiful, with the never-ending charm of the river Thamies close at handl. The residence requiires some little outlay for decoration, it affords extcellenat accommodation for a family,comprisiag five secondary and four best bed chambers, the recetiorom welaand andof ample size, capitaldomet.cr.ooms f!oran etablishmnbv.t. douVlo coach-house, and stabling for four horses,with side entrance. The plea. sore grounds ad gardens are formedby a noble carige drive in front, 'with extensive lawn in the rear ormiamentedI with handsome timber tree an shub;leaingto he dtcsengaren,clot-hed with excellent frut tees adls~~ ponLod Primre' prk-ikelad. May be Absolute Reversion, on the death of a ge_ntlema,in hi 51st1 year,to important Freehold Landed Betates, in- the counties of Gloceste ad Worcester, comprising 1,527 acrea of first-rate land, producing cear £C2,265 per annum.I _MR. ROBINS isintud to SELL by AUC IJ.TION. at the Mart. on Thursday. April 10. at 12, the important REVERSIONARY INTEREST' absolute, on the death of a gentleman, in his Slat year, to the FEE SLMPLE of the BECI(FOXtD ESTATA, a singularly edesrble residential prooerty comprising manstun-houze and grounds, five capital farms with excellent homlesteads and buildings, several houses and cottages,with lands andlgardeues,all; weil tenantd situate in the parishes of Beckcford, Ashto, Underhill and the hamlet of Grafton, in the counties of Glocesterand Wcestr, including altogether1.527 acres of first-rate agricultural land, and pro- ducing, at low rents, capable of great improvement, a clear income ofI £e2,225 peruamnnu. The entire estate is chrged with certain payments amounting to £20500. and the reversioner has also charged his interest wit th su of£1000 an ineret a Lper ceta, the payment of whih i prvidd fr ad sbjet tereo.This very de-hs-5le andI nobl ladedInvstmnt wll,on he eat ofa gentleman, in his 51lat year,becoe th abeluteropetyofthe urchser.Full particulars- Xin~s ea, Gorete; he ffce f he idand Counties'V'erald, Birminham; o Messr. Boysand Twedie.solicitors, Ely-place, Hol-1_ born atthe ucton art:andat r. Iobis'soffices, Covent-garden. Belgravia-To BulesThe capital first-rate`unfinishedRei dences, -with coach-houses and stabling, in Warwvick-square. MR. ROBINS is intUceted by the Mortgagee, with iLfull power of gale, to SEr,L by AUCTION, at the 2L'art, on Thurday,May , at12-i 3 lts, HREEcapital andseubstantial CARCASES,inteded or rsideces f a uperior character,ben respectbliy with coahoue and stabtiga h er n noamental pleasure garden in front. They aehl o 5yasa o ground rents, andL suggest a strong temptto oprhsr ocoinpiete them with the view of Permanent r-caaivsnet Particulars may be had 128 days Prior) of Msr.Hrio n ore solicitors Hart-street, Bloomsbury; at teAcinMr:ada Mtr. Roblins's offices, Covent-garden. 3.1 h rae ato h purchsase-mossey may remain on mortgagefo a temo yeas Eixcellent modern Eurniture a S ft. 6 rosewoodCheffonier,twnol Chimney-glasses in splendia frames, a 61 rosewood Co.t~ lie - forte, mahogany Omfce Presses, excellent Table and BeM innM &, removed from Bolton-stroct, Pireadily, a sae not being alwda the residence. ESSRS. ROBINS wil SELL by AUCTIONL, at £.Ltheir Rooms, Piazza, Covent-garden. on Thursday next, Apri 3, at 12, an elegant DRAWIXG-ROOM SUITE of striped silk tabaret, in French curtains, sofe, settee, 10 chairs and lounging ditto, rosewoed card, centre, andL occasional tables a handsome 6 ft. 6 rosewvoed cheffonier, wvith marble top, two noble chilmney-glasses, 72 by 41, in splendidgltfrme, aLioctveroswod panfore.rich brocaded damask Quarterly curaino icue,rns, aMo o t.spriormaoanyd_in xing ableTs. e- tnendigto 11Stained Grecsindosof, injemarofe leathroos,telegantage vele prilae ibarpet oan rgs,elentl mhoaymou-osnadote b_EdStaSRand beddINSmhgn w ardroLbe,lag ACTIO1land ress the dy prir, whn caalogus maybe h d. ynx,a .2 ait QuarterlySale of ictures, Prints, uialadT in frhiame andto the private Library odfothergentleman.s ESSRS. ROBINS wil SELL by AUCTION, at W -b teir Rooms, MamaC Coent-garden, onMcn diedayex,a1, Apariety of PITRE, anientand oder, caitalprnts ind ftiraean potois uerOusmscl philNOsohcl ndotheriestrthent tw ietRFelEscOpes,evraltaiedglaosstwindows,h(scripturalRcu yatl, wbieth ofe veinu Ctandeinerdesmnye hujondrdvina alofth twooks,s icuing the Chpriaeliry of F a, wertemNTSODba Acn, remoed romli t resien ae. n vie nonb Sturdaytex,ad o y liatalges Cotheradct.-thieir21 aud Bondsi int Covnt-aden.-Iac 1 ElegntbJewealery Goditue and S DvrWatches byinodebyemArinetsLondn mrgaersy usfu wlate, and ae vuarintedtyofalabe puropierty. GEOSR. ROBINSONsnx AE will SELbtACINate MV hirc atmn Piazzao , C1 Odovnt-garden, onWednesday, Aprl 9, at 12 Peeleg ant d wELLuER ud enr cimednit diamtndsund oter pe-o( 33uehaxan Wrthin Mortsenx, witthunig eCote Lupesidec adoiines Wals rhetd pesi tHeCapelso EAse,R werelO O~)b uto.and the uat. thesam may now beWtreated fo r by riate Conta.-lis,1,OdBn. Moth y Sae of icwdtures pio and crains ayloduem h rtist. u rgnstfWhell willde gmuareanted Ifetoshprhaes rIRGEO0. ROBINSONis inextrSALE,c tol taL,e LLpacFema is Rooms, a.bOldgBon-street o C brdethursay,i Apr13 at 1 precisely,-XLNTUR and wlinld pimcbyteuer Entin Dingle Lupten Rees War The Colouryo MfPcue'o adows CRotmErq,o Wloesbbr-qae W . GE .WatROBN O Coo hDawns bye nbmtdf aremoett U C Hland SEP.a isRos 1 Taldondsret forendurey th HI 0yardin Rbch inclds TuckraeradAlal MinizLaybet viwdtody.ro-adctloushd Well-madeit Furitreland Effects, S.lth PRemises,1 Cabrdg-pae. Cabigetrace, Th-d. 3U e vewe whic odayise bedstead and beddingue chesad fda.er wash-sands, dressol Bing t rohage and gass -tgax redrobed, Beoan cardstbes, charse, beasy dtto, Sconhs Pedetaln sieoard thet ofldining Mn Rktce reUisitEs. YS bewiewe thEL day pro,AndCaT1alo te hadc xon hroft ses,tandatr r Geo eoteveBinnoliTelos,v21, Old ond-at. ThePLTS Colcion. ofGtresao Jam-'des Clif,Ec,oBley-tetmSeesby-sturee,an who s reirig ino te comun 5try. fe fot LYL remove sad SELL, at hiseRooms. 1. O Rldead-street, on Thrsda, Apil10 at reciely,aC eIestate, of6PICTUR3ndeS. mentioned artistsrey DoeiHUMPHREYp wll nELie ShpblcAyer MaybeIewed ton Modays Aprior,. and c2atalge had,wys(yorlro h sriigExecutor of the late Mxr Georg'e Stevens), in fivrae lots, vaubl2UID 'nGewlOTS,uint GreatLIluasY-Ostr, Rile-threet, antevehhusestrt and Brook-street,an Strvons-tetiemnsey, eahcnanngefron toe 116 fetc frontage, ad rea offrm 50 t 80 yrdssuerficals Pari-cular and estret-pMairdk . HewettoNimb,olitor, 17. Esex-streeto ~Strand;Mr., Th. imbeplr ercas, Rsolcor, 14,tEas toIndia-chambers,.LBdyn F. 1i,fR. HUMPHREYS wil SELLb pulc aUlGt iLL TION on Mondy, April7. at 12 at arwy sa(y rer of the her, bing pincipaly oflonlngh and first-rate qulty,' The auctoe er invtesthe . 1oman to methma t hepak, wer luncheon wil beproidd slO clok.and th7e sale to commence atipucally 'p~0.. Sxmots'cedtonte usual erms. Catalogesjo may1bePhadtby apllnt the autoer obrBd:the public houe. KCeyos,; at avi Tolnspitn fficeD, St. Neot's; orto lixr JohnNel cretr, on the estate, and Eao oo,sh ibn attendance tw asprevious to the day ofsaetot ho te imer Capital Free Roadside Inn-Tottenham. S.HENNIS directed by 'Ar. Ternplemnan SELby AUCTION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY Mrch 31. at 12(nem reviously sold), the LEASEA and GOODWILLm of that wel-kow INN, oni the High-read, Tottenham. The position 31raiway ttin and Rid,snotdathol watrin hosI o lh c'aoahe aondeomibs-esn ntera,andhr;aear trigfo large gamfrden ;ri tRees ho.n edo esefrlyas,a ern Iand Bell, ebn-reradShd, .oe-ilanofteu- tioneer, 82, Ciwl-tet Nog Pee-errace, Dke-rsd BihDn.-Troportaat Sale of Talusble Rifeta-xceientand welsaoed HouseholdI Puraiture, Square Pianoforte, Sac OilPaintlins vabuableEdigiavings,Broincos,Dresden China Ornaments, Linen, Chia Glass, andL numerous Effects. M R.EDWARDbs has been favoured with instruc- tons to SELL by AUCTION, upn the Premises No. 3, Peelterrace, Dyke-road, Brighton onTursda and riday. the 3d and 4th April. at 12 punctualy each dY, the excellent HOUJSEHOLaD FUllNITURE, and numneroUS Taluable effects, including a variety of bedsteads of the most modemn desgo, capital bedding, wardrobes. cesets of drawers, handsome washing. and toilet tables with mairble tops, and numerous chamber requisites of corresponding character. The drawing room suite in in rosewood, and comprises lee, sofa, care] and occagional tabIes, Davenport. sqluare pianoforte, carved and 8ilt console table,pice and chimney glasses twochbeffoniers,oucb, lounging and occasional chairs in handsome carved frames covered in needlework, old ]Dresden andInudia. china onm-ents, bronze mzedallons and figure15 aluable oil paintbingby (0 Cooper Morlard Tlether ICnoz watts O?Connor, and other mnodem masLter of celebrity, several tine engraving and water-coloured drawings, la the dining and breakfast rooms are a ~eel of well-seasoned sweep-back chairs mahogsny bookcase, a spro manufactu-ed pedesta sideboard, capital diniagtables, dinnerwagn cirulr udqurewhtnts sdeoad lok,excellent taadcfe nr; pauechnadinr ndvaualedesetsevies lne, las AAent Pitureg and Portralt&. lIAR PHMLLIPS is intetdto SELL by AUC- J3 TION. atbhis ~ReoM NewBond-seTo-enorrcw April at esb:.,ACO 10oVfvalubleCA.B ETrvIT(JR~ formd by ageutieman, gartlvduing aresidenooe abr.ad; includiuj cisroples= by amat of the Italian, Frer,b. and Flemish schools;- als.) seeamoenpictua of The I t Lh andD3 uc schooals, an d amnumber of portraits, including one.,'ySir Joshua Re3nolds of the Rev. John Wesey;anoher byitueti of he Rev. Charles Wesley, and otber divmL Ma beviewed Saturday and Monday precedingtl.e sale, and caalgus hebaid at Kr. Phillpss offoee andt rooms, TheImproveLaeof the lPremlnwsesad Sto ca1dt~itl new a&nd seodbndFurniture of Messms Henessy and Pelly, of Wardour. street, disselvinqsrership. lIjfB. P ILLIS is instracted by the Arbritrators LYLappined n tismatter to SELL by AUCTION, at bis great Room, Ne Bon-stret,on Wednesday, April 2, aLt 1 precisely, the Syoigo caita moemFURNITURE, of superior manufacture comnssg eveal et of2415. and 12 excellent Sp.auiela mahogmaa chais coeredIn mrocc, nole St. and 5ft,4 dining tables, 7ftt.f6 andVEtpeestl sdeoars,dinierwaggons, library bookcases- writing tabes,eas chirsandcouches, drawing room fuirniture in walnut and roseood lo, crd,andfancy tab daveuports, chiminey-glasses%, and a ienaesncluding wiJe and single wardrobes, fou-pot nd rabanbedteas,chests OfWm drwes marble-top wash. stans toltsgwing-glse. . lothe improved Lease of the Houe wihextensive manuatrn rmss in the rear, having seaaeentrance thereto, heldaaloretlornuexidtrm Maybe viewed two.days previoustw h ae andb peisbycards to be obtained at M1r. PhWlipe's ofce7, ew Bn-tet Improved Leasehold Dwelling, and extensive Workshops anad Stabling, King-street, Princes-street, Soho. lU.PHILLIPS is instructed by the Arbitrator-s ALappointed inthe matter of Messr. IHenessey and Pellys' Dissolution of Fartueraip, to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rooms, New Bond-street. on W%ednesdayAril 2, at I precisely, the valuable improved I'NTERETS in a LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, No. 30. King. strcet, Soho ' consitigo a convenient dwelling-house, hayin'gthree rom nnea for, an (alnextra sor,in the rear of which arang,e of extensive workshops, of three lfoors, stabling, and cellars, haviug aL frontage of Sol feet in George-yard, with entrance thereto both from Princes-street and Dean-street, and are highly eligible for a Manufacturer, upholsterer, or cabmsater. The premises are held for the remainder of a term, of which 181 years are unexpircd. at the low mnoderate rent of £130, and are partly let olf to tenants at will and otherpctiouinhanyield a yal rent of XLi77. thus giving a larg annal roft rnt.Th property may be viewed between 11 and 4, b an rdr o b otanedatMr Pillis's of whom descriptive partiuasmay also be haLnan dfer he2th hinst. Ancient fluzzb, Flemish, and Italian Plictuses, and a few -modern Works. lIf . PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUC.I.TION, at his great Romns. New Bond-street, on Tuesday, 5t of Aril,ati recsely a CLLETIONE C ofNEar dGt Ltt ineldin may pleaing ork bymasersof theItln,leih The urniureand ffets o a entlmana Reidec:e7 removed from thePrtcncon. PR. PILLIPS wll SLL by A-UCTION, at his gVL ev om,NwBn-street, on Wednesday, April 9, at Iprecisely, =midsome CARtVED OAK hndMOlDERIN FURNITURE, of a residence, near Beigraveqae including suites for the various reception rooms, in rosowood, mahiogany, and carved oat, ornamental chins, sculpture in Marble, grand pianoforte by Broadwood fittinge of the principal and secondary chiambers, wardrobe of linen. services of china and glass, and aquantity ofornamental and usefuleffects. Mazy be viewed thedayprevious to thesiale.and catalogues then had. Ancient Furniture and Obiects of Axt, incudngMsquteie and Oak Cabinets, Buffets, Tables, Chairs anetnieSrvice and Ornaments in Dresden and Oriental Cis R. PHLILLIPS in instructed to SELL by AUCM LTION, at his great Room. New Bond-street. on Tuesday. April 15. at I precinEly, a CONSIGNMENT of valuable ANCIE-NT FURNITUBE cosistng f inlai msruetrleand carved osl- cabincts, boohsse, tbles git sfas nd hais c vedwith damask, old boule oTheiprtgops ases,lo cabre Pi sr st,atqe rne n Pbs., of Ciphmcomo lIf.PHILLIPS be eaeo anouin~e that he M `!3k wilSELL by 'UC'TIO, atlis great Rooms, ewBond-street, on Tuesday and Wednesday, April 22 and 23. at 1 precisely each day: the extensive and hichy important GALLERY of MODEPN1 PICTURES.by the most diti=o,hd painters of the English school; in patcularmay benmention ascapital work byJ.XIVt. Turner,IR.A., ~A tw oter xaple; te Ppp and Frog, by Sir Edwin Landseer, R.A.. and other pictures; the ShrImpers,by W. Collins, BA Evening Prxayer, by T. Webster, P,.A.; three works, by W. P. Frith~, iliA. ; three by D.-Macluse, BA. ; several byv T. S. C-ooper, A-B.A.; and eqfually capital works by the following artists ;- Id. Anthony SirO.TLEastlake,RaRA.F. It. Lee, R.A. It. Ansdeli W. Etty, ILA. J. Linnell FR Baxter W. R, Frost, A.R.A. P. Nasinyth G. Bentley T. Gaineberoh H. N. O'Neil Sir A. Calcoott, R.A. F. Gooda]Ll,ItA. P.F.Pickeregill A.R,A. T. Creeswick, R.A. W. Hilton, BR.A. J. D. Pysne J. Constable, BA. J. A. Herbert, R.A. P.F. Ploole, A-BA. G. Cab ers J. P. Herring, Sen. R. Redgrave, ILA. Old Crome J. P. Knight, ILiA, Str J_ 1eynaolds F. Danby, A-R.A.. Sir T. Lawrence J. Sent ALEgg, A -A. G. Larsce Sir D. Wilklue, B.A. AMay beviewed Saturday and Monday precedingthe dayof sale,and catalogues had six days previously at Mr. Phillips's offices. An lImportatIon of beautiful Worksa of Art and Decoration, fine Bronzes, binlaid Furniture, and elegat Miscellanies. 11f.PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUCilk TION, at his great Rooms, New Bond-street, on ~'hursday, April 24. and following day, at 1 precisely, an assemblage of beautiful ORINAMENTrAL FURNITURE, richly inlaid in biuhi and Marqueteril work, comprising costly cabinets, bonheur dujour, commnodes anid tables moumted in the richest taste, numerous fine bronzes, including origia works by celebrated artists, suites of crlocks and candelabras hihy chased and glt in or-motuu, vases of Slvres and other Iorcelaiue, several life-sired eure of Berlin workmanship, including several fLine works from the Pais Exhibition, a. few rich Aubuseon carpets and portisres, xichly carred and gilt table of Italian workmranship, scalpSure in marble,and other decorative objects. May be viewed to days' vrevionsto the sale, and catalogues then had, Thevalabl Aciet Pctues an th m der mteh Flemish, and' French Workzs ollete byJh ari,Bqof Clp Liam-common. ~P,PHILLIPSbeseaetanonehtbewl M S-ELL by AUTO, at hsGley e odsre,o Tuesday, April2, at I precisely, theA IET OR ONoth valuabie GALLERY of PAINTINGS, collected by JbFire a. it includes the Virgin and Child and St. John. by Facs iia subject, by Mernlo; the Cord-players, by D. Toolers,fo h tw collection; the Nativity and Desm,pt from the Cros in itar w Capital eamples; and othier clever productions fromtepnisoth floig esteemed artists:- B3erchem A. Vandervelde A, Cnyp 'Wonvermana Mieris Netscher G. Dow Backluysen Ostad Mtetzu De Hooghe Watteau Schalkeni Vanderheyden Denner Paninii, Ac. The collection ofimoderaDlutch,nFernish, andFrenchPictaresincludeg miany capitalvworks by the followng masters:- C. Aleisonnier KoeckLoek De Wilde Vanl Hove Ary Sheffer Verbeclihoeven J. Leebrucher Bafcoo Van Leys C. Blanc Winnig va Eanm,&c Fleet-street-To Printers Bookbinders Printers' Brokere, anud others. 712f. C. FITRBER willSELL by AUCTIOX, onthe 1.. em.s. I.1.Bouverie-street. Tf-S D.AY, March 31. atI2 fori, the PLANT and UTENSILS of a PATEN BOOKBINiDER;- ineluding a powerful patent blocking press, a Columbian press, Roa Albion p)ress, an arming pres. deal banks, several sets of brass blocks,l ornamental borders, centres, letters &c., with the counting-house fittings and effects, 3daybe viewed,and cataloguesh3adronthe premisesi, and at the suction offices, in Warwick-court, Gray s-inn. Chancery-lane.-N.eat HouseholdFurniture, Wearing Apparl, Jewel- lery. Personal Effects, about f 00 pieces of Music, uI cal Instruments, &c. .WMlI. C. FURBER wMl SELL by AUCTION, at the mLAcisen Room, Quaplisty-c,Goure. Tc-uoreo, ApThrilld,at 12ri for , ath bfor12 premisin on acapitalf libae tableros, chairs, thwoleof car spets,oan th -UsIUal Escipando EFURITSicudiE band oeFchefT. Mayer boeaviewe thmayblprior, tandes,catalgues chadmtntey aooms andr gate Groseno-squre.Exolen Houehod Frniore TwodPibanoforttes, valuale Matel ad Tabe Cloks,C ina boarnaet, Pintinges~, Books, Ac. ~ ~ ~ cgr~ oocse, - ~CFUREER illSELL by AUCTo N,, otFrdn the fonir~ bokcse, arbe-to tabes,larg chmnyad poier glasses,an chandlier, sutes f cutains captal inintroo eiandtibar ofitice,d numeous ffecs. My bviwd th dayrior an cataloges hiewd,o thetpremie;a da the aet uction offiersae, togetarnickhcthrt Gray's-inn Sthisay-TheStogahck Sof essr. Hed opringhadteigon--ySu G01THGad ARR' oncth PAREmies 13? REgetstet THISUC Tecoo oeter-ol of dtrawng,olou paintings,o tc. Maybe Tewed, this eayquisitepocucaHgos bytcelebrateddoyo Davi RobTaerts' grAnd Pitur,te Desina trufhct ionlof guerualtem.togethe prcwt hea luabl QOUTHGATE, and BARRETT wil SELL by UC K_ UTION, on theiPreRises, 21, Rleget-street, o ThIrsday, At 2, iandfconsequece .fthe2isorlutionvofuartnershipnofressrs.gHerrin andO Re-nth ORIIGSomriinALeata GLERYePiTUens in ate coors l Chagh,ofith Desteructon of Jr Stane,foieldfo David obet' ceeraute pantn fierdthe pur ousetofltogr g Thsmgifcn Porkofe ar orthy a Wlc .i n pulivallrs o priatcll.cio H-uctio offce, 2,Fet-treet. y Th chtaoices Collaretion o Waer-olourtw Drsawigesofthem atp Thma The origineal.ty ofwichnolberuaranteed -rthe purchserJwes.6 &COIJTView. an A Elll E L ~ WSEAUTION at their Rooms, 2i2, Fleet-sret Covnt-lMThurda. nono 3.il ,and twfollowingday,aty2fr, athe vasluabeOndiTERIesing BARER CLarOURee D woaWinGS ompbriiang beautrifg,ulspeimtoens,by- ra Nivefash d c hfe q'aglon Cnatternuole wCaite,sand1jeldics rerv es of Poole Collins anWide .atrs Evanne a gent Hillns Hunsgca4wth Barrett DanbytWg,lee~ iplr Cataloguesforwarded o reepto t wo postage stamps. Sheffield plated dishes and dish covers, and a variety of hIdglyva1usble Propry Onview. Catalogues (gratis) forwarded bypost on applica- Quarterly Sae of Rooks, Paintings, and Mtusical Instruments, M ESSRS. DEBEXHA31 STORR ancLSON beg to i announce that their next QUARTERT~ SALE, of BOOKS, paintings drawings, and engravings, pianos, concertinas, violinis, flutes, andt otherinusical instruments, levels, quadrants, sextants, telescopes, microscopes, Dresden and Chelsea chins, curiosities. coins, statuary, and bronzes, wM commence at their Rocoms on Monday, April 7, and continue for'several successive days (P,undaj excepted) -Eimg-sireet, Covent-garden, March 28, I83. Househaold Furniture, Co"t8 Pianoforte, Patent Gas Stove, with Chiumney Piece, &c., in cast iron, and Efects, removedfrom Coventrystreet. MR. . THAIASWMl SELL by AUCTION, at bi alry, 35, Leicester-square, TXHIS EVENING. Oiarch 31, at 6, HOUSEHOLD FURNITUBE, comprising tabarete,' curtains, walntire an reewoo chirs,couhesand easy chairs, rosrwoedn louandcartabcs,Brsces crpes, himeyand pier glasses, iaheganyhaisineathranhai-cltli,sofs, etsof dining tal,les, sidepoads irn nd thr renh edseas,mahogan four-post and Araiandito, woo an har mttrsse, bds,andc'ding, lapsanod chamer urniure mable-op oube an siglewashatands. chests of rawrs Wadrbes chns glss an kichn rqusits.On view Small Steam Englno,CopperBoiler, Gasometer, quanitity of Philo.ophi- cal Appiara Books, A-c. j~j. B TOMA wIV~L by A'UCTION at hisGaley 3. eiestr-qure,THS VENING. 31.AM Furniture. Brougham, Horse, Harnea, Wine, Plate, &c.-19, Haver- intock-lhill, HampfiteAd-B4order of the Executers of thelato, Robert 'Wilkins, Esq. . TIM.is instructea to SELL by AUC-' MTION. On the Premistes, on LWednesday, April 2, at 12. the Capital EFFECTS; including bedsteads, with bedding, wardrobes, drawer$, wash-stands, curtains, carpets, drawing room sulite in rose, wood pianofortes, tables, chairs sofas sideboard, about 200 ounces of lat, patn atices,chicePor ed Sherry, glass, china, kitimea atices,a pwerul a hrseandbroaghans, with plated harnss,andothe efect,. ay ~ viwedtheday pirior to and morning 1 sle.Cataogus o theremses atthe office of Jraco D~irt, Faq., outhamton-sreet: r. F,.Floss 3.up~ Charlottestrst,Ftrzy-aqareand0S.egsn-steet Th deIrslerRealdODnce, Notice of )rithdrawa. MURRLL er espctfffl toinform the COINTIN ENT RLVEESIONAEY LIFEflg~ER~ dverisedfor sale at Garway's To-imorrow, Is POST. BONMD for the present. 1, W&lbrOk.MarCh 319t. lIFR, MURMEtL will SELL bY AUCTION at .LkGrsway's, To-macrw, ApDl I at 22. a brick-built pirvate HOUSE, in good repair. containing eiglLt comfortable rooms situate, No. 69, 0ro er-street, innMm-road, at p-resent emPty, but Of the estimated annual rent o! £90. Held for an unxpired terra of abomu 40 years, at a groudrn.Myb ee,and particulars bad of Wfiliami Melton, Esq., soUlittor, 6, Bedford-row; on the premises - at Garraway's ;A anoftAlr Murrell, auctioneer and estate Agent, Wal. brook, city. Semi-detached Cottage Residence, Old Kent-road, alie eoligible for occupation or inrestment. MR. MUTRRELL Will SELL by ATYCTION, at YZGarsaways To-morrow, Aprill1, at 12. a genteel seral-detacbef C'AAGE ikSIECE ihbckadfot gadens, containing draing dnin. ndbealas roms far edand dressig roDms, gooreair ad Itute35.Glngll-roe,Old Kentra.na h PenonrlleTwoLeasehold Houses in Henry-street, G ARMURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at An&alrwyses, To-morrow, April!1, sat 12, in one lot, a LEAsE HOLD ESTAITE ca rising two private houses. well situate Iolt ting. Hoe 25 and 26,- Henry-street, Flenton-street, Fentoovile dating £656 per annum : held upon lease for an unexpired term of U =atagrounrent of £8 annum. May be viewed. Partiula-a OfMsmW. J. and G1. Bulton, solicitors, HortllamptoaLsqn at GaawawWs; and of Mr. Murrell, auactoneer. kc,, 1, Walbroik. c Grysin-row-Three Leasehold Houses and a Grouaid 1Sea of £18 Ills. per Anm AIR IIURELLWil SELL by AUCTION, at G raa'a, To-morrow, April 1, at 12, in one lot, a LEASE. hOLD FSTA!U, comprisin three houses, in Cramer-street, Brunawick-square loduicingifl2 l3s. per annum, and a Ground ISent of £18 IS. per aunumi, arising from eighthbouses in Caroline-court adjoin- in held upon lease for upwards of 30 years, at low groundl rents, and wbl bfOundtadvanta,pous investments. MzaybeTiewed, Particaulas had Of J. McGregor, Ian,, Solicitor, Sise-lane; at Ganaway's; and oft Mr urel aLuctioneer, Ac,, 3, W&lbreooX city. Banbuy-Three Residences and Shiop po forAbeolte Saie. ucng 41Per anm lR.MUTRRELL Will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, To-morrow, April 1, at 12, in three lots, LE-ASE. BOLD ESTATES, comprising three convenient well-built residences and a elhap, of neat elevtion, situate 35, 38, and 62, Albert-street. Fenton-street ; letito respectable tenants, at rents amoumtiag to £94 per annum ; hield direct from the freeholder forrelong terms, a~t a ground rent of £6 per annum.L May be viewed. F~aiticiilars had of Mressrs. W. J. and G. Boelton, solicitors. WorthamPton-sqra,, Celerk,eaw atGrwy's; and Of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer, 1, Valbrookc, city. Mon-teet, Grosvernor-square.-Le hodHOuead ho b Order of the Executors, AMURRELL will SELL by AUCTIO a 3P-arrawayl-', To-morrow, April 1, at -2 by order of h x ectuors of Mr. Benjammn Pikington, a LEASEHOLD K~STAI. an Trising a brick-bnult house and shop, with Projecting front, cnann goodaccmrnodatlon, admirably adated, and eligibly situateoae teau trade. beingHNo. 79, Mount-street, Grosrenor-square ; held direct from, the Marquis Of Westmnste'dr for a. unexpired terma, at a ground rent. May belriewed. P'articulars had Of Messrs W. .adG ol ton, solicitors 21 a, Worhamton-square: at Garrway's. and G.1ou Mr Murrell, auctioneer; C, 1., I, Wabrook, city. as n f3r l?eckham and Stepney.-Leasehold '~PrerY.-Byor~der of tha XatCU- tars. MIURRELL WiM SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, April 29, at 12. by order of the ]Execubtore of the late Mlr. James idghtup, a L'EASEHiOLD PJIoPEETY comPrising asix-roomedhoutse, situate No.lI, Oxford-street, Stspney, lettoa-respectable tenant, at £25 perannum. Aisouseenidetache Cottage Residence, of easy accesasto the citY, beiugNo, 2, Eden Cottages, Commercial-road, Old Rent.road, at Dresent, empty and of 'Whichposseaelon Wil be given. They arebothhield on long leases, atlow groundrents. Mtay ae viewed"and partinulars had of M6sairs W. J.7 and U. Boulton, solicitors 21a, lNortharnpton-square: at Garrawas's; ad of Mr. Murel,L auctiOneer, &,c,. 1, Wailbrook, city, By order of the Executrix,-House and Shop), Lear 31anchestem-square, and a Ground Rent of £10 per annum_ MU7~~RRELL is instructea to SELL by ATIC3 T1N,lt Garrawalr's, in April, a capital DWELLDZG-HOUSB, 'with comdosadde hp omnigly situate, No. '7. Southstret, ancestr-suar ; et ponleae a £3Per annuma; held for 36 ear, t agrundret. ls, a IproedGround Pont af £30 perannm, mpl seordupn fur ewl-bulthouses, Marlborough. roa, Celsa:hel fo alon tem,at he owgrounddrent of £5per annm. urterarieulrs on shrtlbehad of llessrs. Howsrd andDolman soiciors 14,~ encurc-stee; and of Mr. Muaccl, Archiva5 -oad. U per Holloway- lI,R. 3UIRLL g'l ELL by AUC-TION, at inLGarawa's.nM vo yeordherote Motgge, aLESEOL EtaTbd IE,Nnwolos cnomprisin twoc Cottate, reOdnesLec ountaEillas, Arcwayroadgwel, Upper olw of th thes annuos al value of £2s he.ld orlonThepres,atserwirund rtentopateiewedoalngthplitule-n an Tlail eald particulars shsortlyhaatMsr.Sens,d Sathel], soplinitors m,Qeen-trmeemab Cheapde;f at. Gurrel,awact nee,l of Mylr. Mrrl_,at J. C. STE Lwill SELL byE ACTAON enr'l y.k h sgrat'Romdera.thingestreet,nrCost, a HlEE6D of hedjay.uTheS1 cottgeL isF coA'mfrAbNfie p and' a o~g-e inthrBaesr the murchaor willavthe otoa aieh ~jm at vl,atind Detrsaile Apartiul ,ars wil shorl aper nw h meniemybe bad of trhMerli auctioneer,,6 aktpae n 18, GIf. H, . SATEINS wiIl SELL by AUCTION; ApRi 4,tat 1Recselay,Bac Trm PHLSPeICAhLmETnWednTsda cnext; inials wokig mdel o stam ngnes nnoeopbel c ~ ts, .d pro- of irds'skn, andregge fromls Genadand lthenoih of Euroe,bury of them S T scre Ahogan l 'ibrar taLeLn desy AuCTION aa,02 a-aity ficlaeosril Mayb aewdlo the dEayiI-A and catalogues had,o rm. nd lors Wedne ISda, and ThrdyAp1,, a ndd 3,Rthe whol ofteSxELLb HOUSEHLD FIItNlTlXE, Linn andhfectsanth la 1I,UR t.G t.H. MRuth Co ill t SELL byATCIX aUCtIe oN; iV..atlthel Kulsem OaIy raChelTavr, oP'eckad onWdesdaypil2 next,r Apes 2.atl inther after noo.INHOS. 7 ,Cmr-tet u'-oe, 2 to10eSith. sitret commaercal-roadin, hm let to a eeklybl tenants, a ndC9 per,o. forcM yabo utn£04pier,annum heuld arent long ter,t May modveraed gerou ind o h ret. tewabne Particuarsicuand cond. at the RosiemalrylBEranchtand KatnM. 0. Serj Mant tin's auet-srot ndof the andct,ioweer erSe oom-street. Smithied. squc MToham, S andy. othera.iapsextres,and Chittns ofBaesr. ~fSR. BLAWIN WITiwl SELL by UCTION, o othIedne n husday, April 23a,1 o at p 12,Uy al theom MA _TERIaLS conIstin Of slPeatig tRiling HANdbickwork timber DEOfRoosAndIfOorS, tern, pies ad gtter, mableand therchindypicee,lrg tork pavin cTalgis hay.- onl-the prdemie;a Funthre inns 11a i nhenigborood;aic Ga ' rkcaway's;the Artichke In, Cheingan-clausew bandsofn Mesdrs WGdar,ofCrbb-trey Wednsda.ArilE2, at1Euctaly WM SLTUatH ci Romring, tnhoaj aor-lbed'-treedan beding chAYt ofrc d3west, and thfo usua prchamery apnldaes, diRningroom prbes hirs,tw caspets china gtes cuinar uevteansils,aslr, MaysewD viewd thenu moocrnin of asale, an cataogue hadon te pemiss; ad ofthe aubloeems, seSrt.r bouks churchyard. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ frn TO uall aPitLsg-reong Le opehrly,-Cnlear . ]IDR. N,,GYO BERR SON are isrcted by the executoro -I OlLO the late MrOvutCoer, to SELL bayAICTION, at the Actoininertial- huallditsrad, thC7helseal oneWednesday, Apri 2, aot! fored j desiabl:coer HOP No7 a,Camra-tret, ingsco-troad, Goelse perisson f te enat. nd aricuarshadatthe Cmerclil-o haei NO. Mocorinbt-street, Berlgrahe-Sq tore,Fitrsan ueil f, T roBiler and othea-Peian Wa osmn-AbChlmte Saiee,A. lkIR.EDWINGRE ad O WHIE SE~LLb AbyTION on Wdnesay, pril2, a 12 or!puncuall, a ecen CON GN of he emaninporionof esss. rwodandy Co.es's, largey%o o papehaning: ~ hadsoe S An's oug-Roal, Sicilin pandr masivestauar, mrbl chmneiecs (ix avig I-inh amb en.I weihts scle, cniser, cffe-bx, apialsugar, coffee, and mpape mils, lers,shevin, ecelen gafitins, tovs,ranges, capper. cupand at teir SaleBooms, 4 , Farrindon-stret, city Rotherhithe.-To Parcbmentmak-ers and others. JlI,SSRS. DENT and SON wil SELL by AUC- LLTION, at GarrawaY's. on Wednesday, Aprll2, at 12, by order of teMortgagee, an ePROLAEHL rnpR om -nlsn Milpod otberhithe, together imth a spacious yard andi dryinghs used by and well adated fOrai parchiment manufacturer or Othier busi- nes fthe estimatetiannual vaue of £10 l0s adbheldiforaterm, off whch86 years are unexpired, aLta rent of £25 per annum. The cottages. are of modernerection and substantial Distance from the Spa-roul Station underbhalfamle. Pa.rticlulasontbepremises; -tthe Queen Cllarlotte public-house opoite; at the place of sae ; at the offiresofM1r. CookLe, isolicitor, 26, Southampton-bmldings, Chancery-lane; and off Mtessrs Deut, 36, in the esamebuldings, Superlormodern Furniture. Torriano-avenue Camiden-road Villas MfR.A. BOOTH will SELL by .IUCTION, on t'he' Prmises, 9. Torriano-avenue Cantlen road Villas on W nesday, April 2, at 12 for I, excellent HOdUSEHOLD FURII& compr&sig handsome Spamesb miahozany sideboard, 10 dinETingreu cbaissin morocco, couch, easycbairs, dining, lao, and occasional tables, carets cimny-lases brllanttoed 6l-octave square pianoorte by ohn oadood nd Sns, e'w'witblnmeight =oatbz. Toi Taintings-Phaul ense, CWintalrdemA,Wtin, Colmlr,JWe;e Pau.a andthina ornamsluens,AhogayArabaOnbedateadand chmcu 1dons and mornwing dfale. Cat bd-alouso h reie,ado Camd en-irodoaie Sthe i Brc ckA rms Tod Tui m aber oghus aintaes o iakr,Bidr,a plaea, and bafoloigdy thl-at10fr1 'lc rcsl larg HE ntites Socf i rd fMsr.R olngsi aonds Cuay mahoany inpai n ers ea n oeodu SON, nkandboards Spb shmhgayan aowo vnea*as ttreetctdr,wd pn, in lak,inddaly.ct
