DEATHS. On the Sd of August, 1,55, at Kulkynuc, ISurray P.:vcr, Victoria, in the 27th year of his age, Edmond Lmdlow R,,erzaOD Cutter, third son . i the Late Rev. James Lawrence Cutter, LL.i., vicar of Bntterant, county Cark. On the 1lth of April, s Hingolav. in the Deccan, of coup de solel. WiiLfam. Henry ontfilower, AsistaA-se rgeon ILE.1.. attached to tte "d Infantry. HyderbadContingent, eldest san of thz Rev. L C. Bonttower, Bury, Lancashire. On the EOth of April last, at Calcutta, cged 27, J. H. B. 1`awell. Esq.. Ensign 65th Bengal Infantry, and for sEoiie tine previously to his de ce-ase Acting &djutaut of the Dlengal 2d Irregular Ca-valry, eldest smrvinixg Eon of the late Rcv. Howell Powell, rector of Pipley, Yorkshire. On the 15th inst., at Coblnr.d-hoaue. Totton. near Southampton, EHarett Jounes, the beloved wife of Mr. Spear, surgeon, of that place. On Friday, the 20th last., at Anderton near Devonport. Lucy. the widow of Cuarles Dowding, Esq., Late of Oxford-temrace, Hyde-pari, aged EQ. On the 20th ins.- at her residence. 21. sutl.nd-street. Retent's.pakrl, SIrs. Elizabeth Mtuilane. widow of the late John Mullane, Esq.. of the Newv-road. deeply lamented by her only siurviving daughter and numercus frierds. On the 2Id ijut.. at her residence, Yarmouth. Norfolk, in the S4th year of her age, Mary Ann. widow of the late Samuel Strovger, Esq., of Ilarle3tou, in the same county. On the MfI inst.. agecl 57, John Buzzad. Esq.. late of Bognor, Susser andI formerly. during many years. an iniluential and highly respected inhabitant of the parish of St. Andrew. Hollbom. London. On the24th inzt., aftera long and afflictive illneasalr. Jeffrey Shores. formerly of Blackwall. On Tueiday, the 24th inFt.. atManthorpe Lodge, Grantham, Eliza Bolton, the wife of M1r. S. Hutchinson, aged 36. On the 24th inst., of cancer. .r. Thomas Dolby, at 22, Edwardsstreet, FPotman-square, aged 74. In early life he suffered nobly for his -caloeuandpr.ctieal advocacy ofParliamentaryrcformandhe'originated nid promoted the diffuLsion of cheap, poDilar, moDl. .and usefulliterature. hased on the pure and umerring principles of Christianity. On the 2ith inst.. at Alton. Sophia Brooke. wife of the Rev. Thomas Wcodrooe5, vicar of Aiton, and canon of Winchester. On the 25th inst.4 -t the residence of h5sbrother-in-law, af'tr a ling-ering illness. Henry Staples, young,est son of tle late Slr. John Smith, of Streatham-common, Surrey, agea Zi7. Onthe 25-b inst., at hi3 residence, 52, Hyddeltou-sqnare. Pentonvile. after a bref illness of about four da;s, Sir. John Hlardham sVaple, aged 63. On the 25th inst.. at Chelten'-am. aged 23, William Leyland Wil;o0. REq.. Iate Lient. Commander of Her NlMjesty's gunboat Hardy, and second soIn of the late Wnm. Wilson, Fl-.., of the Army Pay Office. On the 2r;th inst., at Southamptn, Vise-Admiral WYilUam WVard, in the 74th year of liis age. Onthe2ith int.. at thesresi.ence of herron-in-law, J. Sikes, Esq., at Sudbury, Loisua. the wi-lorvof Smyt:i aChurehil, REq.. late of Ramsgate, for-nerly of Hitrhiu. Iferts. On the 2fth inst., of comnsumption, at Elm Villa, Hanmuersm'th Clara Teresa, third danghter of DanieI Gibson. Esq., aged 2S. R.I. P On the 2Sth inst.. aftera £nw days illnees, Clara, the beloved daughter of John Witton, MEq.. Stratford. Essex, in her I1th year. On the '2th in3t.. at Wvestover, Isle of Wight, Alired, the infan- so: of the Elon. WVm. ft Court llolmes. 9en the 2;:h just.at Csesberdge-terrace, Hyde-park. Priscilla Buxton, third dlaughter of the l.te Rev. Sa.muel Carr, of St. Peter's, Colchcster. On tihe 27th inst., Amelia Jane, youngest daughter of JohnRiclhards, Esq., of ChartcrhLoure-asquiare. On the 27th ins.. in Devo;nshire-place. reuch regretted. Colonet Coszct, of VicarL-hill, ncar Lymington, lie of the Rooal Engineers. On the 97th luzt., in' his 21st year. greatly regretted, Alfred, youngest san of Mr. Thomas Cole, 13, Nmewgate-street. On Friday. the 2Tth inst. at his residence, the Hermitage. Snares bro'o, S.ir Jas. Wim. SMorrlson, in his "I 1year. late Dep:uty Slaster of Iler 2daijsty's Mint, and deeply lamei.ted by his wvidow gnd relatives.
From th ZODON N GZETTZ of FrWay, June 27. At the Court at Buclingham Pala"e, the 24th day of June, Mresent-the QlEEN's Mfost Excellent hrjiesty in Council- I Her Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Right Eon. Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury, to be lord-Lieutenant and custos Rotuloram of the county of Dorset, and the Right Hon. John Robert, Viscount Sydney, to be LordLieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the county of Kent, their Lordships this day took the caths appointed to be taken thereupon, instead of the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. FOREIGN.OFFICE, JTuOE 23. The Qneen has been pleased to approve of hlr. J. R. Smith asVice-Consul at Cardiff* Mr. Edward Gem as ViceConsul at B= snicham; and~ Mr. Richard Welch as vice-Consul at Duiolin, for His Majesty the Emperor of The Queen has also been pleased to approve of Mr. Frederick Arend Ebbeke as Consul at Kingston, Jamaica, for the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen. BOA,RDOF TRADE, WEITEHLI Jiz7E 27. The Right hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Seieatary of State for Foreign Afairs, a copy of a -despatch from Her Majesty's hlinister at Naples, reporting that the period fixed by the decree, permitting the exportation of -wheat, maize, barley, oats, beans, and lupines, from the Neapolitan dominions, has been extended until the 15th of July next. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Hter Majesty's Consul-General at Guatemala, reportingthe reducticn of the import duties on all foreign articles imported into the Republic of San Salvador to 20 per cent., S per cent. of which is to be paid in money, 6 per cent. in orders, and 6 per cent. in " bonoe' of the iirst and second classes. When all the orders shall have been redeemed, 10 percent. of the duties must be paid in money and 10 per cent. in " bonos." T'he now tariff to come into operation from the 10th of September next. CONVEYAN-CE OF GOODS AND PASSENYGERS IN VICTORIA. By an order in Council dated June 24th inst. it is directed that goodsand passengers may henceforth be conveyed from any one part of the colony of Victoria to any other part thereof in other than British ships. RECOVERY OF SMA.L DEBTS. By an Order in Council dated June 24th inst. it is directed that, from and after the 31st of August next, the various parishes therein set out shall be considered to be within the jurisdiction and districts of the several County Courts and districts therein also set out. COURTS FOR ELECTION OF CORONERS. By an Order in Council dated June 24th inst. it is directed that in lieu of the town of King's Lynn, the parish or place f Gaywood, in the Lynn district, in the county of Norfolk, shall be the place .atwhich courts forthe election of coroners for the said district shall be holden. THE SUMMARY PROCEDURE ACT. By an Order in Council dated Juno 24th inst. it is directed that .alltheprovisions of the Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange Act, 1855, shall apply to the Court of Record of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries, in respect of actions on bills of exchange and promissory notes. BUTRIAL OF THE DEAD. By various Orders in Council, dated June 24th inst., Her Majesty has been pleased to direct that from and after the respective dates therein mnentioned, and except as therein exceuted, no burials shall take place in any of the burialgrounds, &c., therein set forth, nor shall any new burialgrounds be opened in the parishes therein specified, without the approv;al of one of Her Alajesty's Principal Secretaries of State previously obtained. And by other Orders in Council, dated June 24th inst., it is directed that the v-arious dates (for the closing of the burial-grounds, &c. therein set forth) originally specified shall be postponed to the dates now specified And by other Orders in Council, dated June 24th, 1856 notice is given of representations made by the Right Hon. Sir G. Grey to the incumbents of the parishes therein set forth for closing the burial-grounds belonging to such parishes, and that the said representations will be taken into consideration on the 29th of August next. By an Order in Council, dated June 24th inst., notice is given of a petition fromn the town council of Worcester, praying for powvers for providing places of burial, and directing that the said petition be taksen into consideration on the 2d of August next. CHARTER OF INCORPORATION. A petition has been presented to Her Majesty in council praying for a charter of incorporation for the town of Hanley and Shelton, in the county of Stafford, which Her MIajest5- has, by an Order in Council, directed to be taken into comideration on the 28th of July next. ADDRESS FROM THE METHODIST NEW CON. NEXION TO THE QUEEN. Her Yajesty has been pleased to receive very graciously an address on the termination of the war from the 60th annual conference of the Methodist Nsew Counexion assembled in the city of Chester. -V,IR DEPARTMENT, PALL-31MLL, JCx-E 27. 6th Regiment of Dragoons.-ttajor-General Sir James Jackson. .C.B.. w ith. the local rankl of Lieut.-Genesnl, to be Cel., vice General Sir George Pownol *Adams, deceased. 24th Reimicnt of Foot.-Lieut.-Gen. the Hon. John Finch, C.}., to be Coe., vice Gen. Robert ZIlce, deceased. 14th Light Dragoons.- Comet Richard Pariram Ridley, from the 3d LightDragoons, to be Comet, vice Le Quesne, appointed to thell2th Light Dragoons. Royal Artillery.-Lieut.-Gen. John Michell, CB., to oe Col.-Com., vice Paterson. deceased; Brevet-Col- Ashton Ashto Shuuttleworth tD be CoL, vice Sabine. removed asa General Officer; Capt. flenryPaget Christie to be Lieut.-CoL. vice Shuttleworth; Capt. Hugh Bent, from the Supernumerary List, to be Capt., vice Christie. Royal Engineers.-Lieut.-Col. Montgomery WilLiams to be Col, vice Baddesq y, placed on Retired Foul-pay List Capt. Sampson Freet.h, to be Lieur-Cha, vice Williams; Second-Capt. Charles Richard Binney lobe Capt.vLc Freeth; Lieut. Frederick brine tobe SecondCapt., vice Bnney;- Brevet-Col. Thomas Foster to be Cot, nice Thompson, claced on Retired Full-pay List: Capt. John Graham StrKerLie to be peut.- CQI.. vice Forbsr; hecond-Capt. Frederick Henry Rich to be Capt, ice i9ltherlie; Leut. Arthur dCourt Fisher to be Second-Capt., vieo ColdastreAd Regiment of Feet Guards.-George Jervis Caceron, q,P.age or onour toWtherQueen.,to be nosign and Lent., without urchase, nicpebaseFo, , vho h osresigned. 15.'WFsotIndia egtmA.nt. ardswgt bTe ryCapanawithot purchase,.vice B9thFoo-Lie t vicl JheDC wilwforde promoteid o be pucasor of the Scho o of Muns'etry at Iythe. Ctih F lot.-ERsign George illiam Haerson Trpunan has been pber mitted to resign his commission. eCth.Feot-Liyut.Edb ane 31arcon to be Adirt viceLegsett who resigna the Adjutancy onlY. SletFeot.--FEnsign WYiliam Mthshear, from the 13th Foot, to be 9lth of 31ay, 1558, has 'een cance33ed. e lit West Lndia Regiment.-Enlsign Henmy CaLianau to be Lient., by purchas, vice Johnton, wdhose promotion, by purchase, on the 30th of Maxcr, 1555, has beeu cancelled Ceylon Ride Pegiment.-Bieut. Rupert Campbell Watson totbe Capt.. ty purchase, vice Long. who retires. Braba^nt, appointed, by purchashe,on tchoe 3tchorf June, 1858,e is Yewsi, and not"Yard," as previously stated. School of .Ms-ketsy at Hythe.-Brevet.Lieut.-Col. Ernest C. Wilford, from the 19th Foot, to be promoted to the substantive rank of Major as a special case. LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. The cnmmission of Paymaster Reeve has been antedated to the 5th of Octeher, Ils. HOSPITAL STAFF. Acting-Assist.-Sur. Charles O'Callaghan has ceased to do duty, there being no longer occasion for his services. BREVET. Lle undermentioned promotions take place consequent uponthe promotion of CNolonel Sir William Reid, K.C.B., Royal Engineers, to be Major-General on the 30th of May- Ieut.-Col. John A. 1honbert, Grenadier Guards, to be Col. Major Henry George Hart, Depot Battalion, Templemore, to be lieut.-Col. Capt. Garnet Man, Unattached, Capt. of Cadets at the Royal Military CoUege. to be Major. The undermentioned promotions to take place consequent upon the death of the following officers - hlaicr-Gen. J. CDnpbelL died 5th of March. 1;56; Gee. Sir G. P. Adams, died 18th of June, 158; Gen. Robert Eilice, died 18th of June. 185i6 Brevet-Col Jamea R. Crawfurd, Grenadier Guards,ito be majorGee. ientu-Col. Charles Assheten 55tzHardinge Berkeley, ,Seots Fusileer Guards, to be Col. Brevet-M3ajor George A. Leaton Blenkinsopp, 45th Foot, to be Bieut.- Cot Capt. -William Follows, half-pay, 15th Light Dragoons, Staff officer of Pensioners, to be Major. The undermentioned officer, having completed three years service as Lieutenant-Colonel, to be promoted to the rank of Colonel in the army, under the provisions of the Royal warrant, dated October 6, 1854:- lieut.-Col. Luke Smyth O'Connor, Ist West India Regiment. The undermention6d Cadets of the East India Company's service to have the local and temporary rank of Ensign during the perioel of their being placed under the command of Colonel Sandham, of the Royal Engineers, at Chatham, for Field Instructions in the art of Sappinz and Mininc *- CoL Frederick Henry Baddeley, retired full pay of the Royal Engineers, to be Major-Gen., the rank being honorary only. CoL Francis Ringler Thomson retired full;ay of the Royal Engiacers. to e 3aJor-Gen., the rank being honoraiv only. The following promotions to take place consequent on the death of Lieut.-Gen. Paterson, of the Royal Artillery:- Major-Gen. Thomas alutchiszon, to be Eieut.-Gen., .ice Paterson, deceased. Coi. Edward Saoine to be Major-Gen., vice HEutehisson. The undermentioned officers, on the retired full-pay list oE the. Royal Artillery and Royal E:ngineers, to be MajorGenerals, In consequlence of the promotion of the officers who stood next belowv them on the effective establishment at the time of their retirement, in accordance with the 21st c2nuce of zer MaJesty's Warrant of the 3d of November, Con. Peter Faddy. Royal Artllery. CoL. Charles Blackley Royal Artillery. CoL Hassell Richard Voor, Royal Artillery. In consequence of Col. Sabine's promotion. Col. Anthony Marshall, Royal Engineers. CoL Robert Sloper Piper, En cer. In consequence of Col, Sir illYiam Reid's promotion. 3EMORANDUM. Ma?Laor-Gen. SirJames Jackson has repaid the difference between tho full "'ee of a Cavalry and Infantry Ileutenant.Colonelcy which he received on exchnging from the 6th Dragoon Guarda to half-pay, unattached, en the 21st of may, 1850. COMM1SSIONS The following article bo subEtituted for that which appearee in the *'Gazette of the 2Cth iust.:-] Signed by the QuEzn. 5th orRoyal Elthornelight Infantrylternentof M ddiesaexilit"a -RicLard fort, Esq.i late Adit. of the 5th Royal Elthemre egiment cf 7iddlesex Mtilitia to be laymaster frorthe27thof Februa, 15, vice Allan, resigned. By37 the IoRD.L= ms?cyof the North Riding of YomRsnm. William John Sawrey Morritt, Eq., to be Deputy-Lieut. By the LonD-IrcuTsA?rsT of the County of MIDDLASEX. 5th or Beyal ElthorneLlghtlnfarntxyRegimentof Middlesex Militia. - Thompson, gent., to he Ensgn, vice Blake,romoted- WilL LamIvod,gen.,tobe Ensign, lice lIarvey, promoteo Bit rEthe uTsEssArofthe County Palatine of CurEs'm_ heErofChester's Regiment of Yeomnnry Cavalry.-Charles GeergeChelmondeley, Ege.late Capt. in the Ist Regiment Of Royal Chesle Militia, to be Capt.. vice the Earl of Stamford and Warring- By the LoRn-LrTx-.m% of the County of STnEatLI;. 90th or tirlingshire,&c. Militia Highland Borderers Light Iufantry. -Ensi Charles Brodie 3laacAister to be ieut., Vce McFarlane, promoted. (From the DuUin Gazette of June 24.) The LORD-LITrN-ArT has been pleased to approve of the aDpointment of Willam W. Emerson Tennent. Es., to be a Deputy-Lieut. for the county of Fermanagh, vice Sir James Emerson Tennent resigned PRIZE 3ONEY. Departnent of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset-house, June 26. Notice is hereby given to the officers, seamen, and marines. and to all persons interested therein, that the distribation of proceeds arising from the Finnish bark Victoria, captured on the Z3d of June, 1855, by HIer Majesty's ship EIarier, wvill commence on hionday, the 14th of July, 1856, in. the prire branch of. the department of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admilralty, Somersethouse. Agents and other persons holding powers of attorney, prize orders, assignments, or other instruments, by virtue of which they may be legally entitled to claim the share of any captor serving in the abovenamed ship, are requested to present the same at this office. Anyofficer seaman, marine, or other person, who may desire to receive his share from the Coecotor of Customs or of Inland Revenue within the united kingdom, is required to intimate the same by letter, to be addressed " On Prize Business, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, London"-in which letter his own place of residence is to be precisely stated, as well as the place of the nearest Collector of Castoms or of Inland Revenue from whom it would be convenient to receive such share of prize moncy. The following are the shares due to an individual in the several classes:- PA.RTNISHIP;S DISSOLVED. J. Daglish and W. H. Carter, St. Helen's. Lancashire or elsewhere, land-surveyors.-Royston and Armitage, Bamisley YorkZshJre, or elsewhere, tron-merchanta.-Plumnridge and Osborne. KAaldenhead, bakers. -T. Jarvis and M. G. Hitchcox, Banbury, letterpress printers.- Coventry and Haselden, King-street, ClerkenweD, goldsmiths.-B. Jones and Co., Chester, timber-merchants.-Fallows and Itevitt, Mancbester. estate-agents.-J. Rains and F. Steaims, jun St. Danstan's-hill, Lower Thames-street, Custom-houso agents.-J. Foster and J. D. Blsth. ate of Albany-wharf, Camberwell. coal-mnerchants-Reld, Heinekey, and Co., East Greenwich, cement-mauufacturera.-T. and H. Brooks Cunmberland-market, Regent's-park, and Maulden-row, Hampstean-road, pianoforte action manufacturers.-Hiukin and Fenton, Sheffield, silver platers.-Schofleld and Co., Manchester, comais' rion-agents.-Jacunchikoff and Stepanoff, Liverpool.-W. Isherwood and J.Ashton, Over Derwen Lancashire, nail-manufacturers.-W. G. and B. Brure, Canal-bank, Cainberwell, glass-pounders.-W. Deakin, R. Dodd, and J. Chapm an, Willenhallt Staffordshire, ironmerchants;* an far an regards J. Chapnsan.-J. W. Fletcher and Co., Gressouthen, Cumnberland, coalowiners.-T. BeUl and SOnS, NYewcastle. upon.Tyne. land-surveyors.-A. Thomlson aud E. H"unter, contractors. -S. Bennett and 1. Orviu, 8hUfnal, Shropshire, surgeons.-R. Bourehier and J. IR. Bishop, ¢olden-lane. St. Luke's, soapa akera.-J. and J. Brownu, Glasgow. commnission m erchants. DECLARATIONY OF DIVIDEND. G. Newey. Birmingham, grocer-div. of Is., en proofs since the date of the firs div., any Thursday, at 3Ir. Christie's, Birmingbam. BANKRUPTS. James Branawell. Royal Exchange-buildings, metal broker, to sulrrender, July 7, at 2 O'clock, August 5, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Lawrance, Pleas, and Boyer, Old Jewry-chambers; official assignee. Mr. Edwards, Sanibrook-court, Basinalhall-street. Henry and Cheslyn Hall, New Boswel-court, Lincoln's-inn, and Neasdon, cattle dealers, July10, at half-past 11 o'clock, Augutl5, at half-past 1. at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors. M.essrs. Lpawrance, Flews, and Boyer, Old Jewry-chambers; official assignee, Mr. W'hitmore, Basinghall-street. Joseph Tucker, Southampton, china dealer. July 7, at 1 o'clock, August 5, at 2, at the Bankrupta' Court: ioheitors, Messrs. Parker and Lee, St. Paul's Churchyard; cificial assignee, Mr. Lea, Aldermanbupry. Leuls Gardel, Vestbourue-grov-e, Esyawater. sculptor,July 7, at halfpast 2 o'clock, August 5, at 2, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Ody, Lincoln's-inn-fields; official assignee, Mr. Lee, Aldermaubury. Joseph Frederick Varley', Oxford-street, tobacconist, July 7, at 2 o'clock, Augulst 11, at 13, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor. Mr. D)avis, Arwundel-street, Strand; offlcial assignee, hlr. Penneli, Guildhall-dam1bers. EdmundRudge, Tewkesbury, tanner, Julyl4, and August 11, at 11 o'clock, at the Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Bevan and Girling, Bristol; official assignee, 3fr. Acraman, John Wllam Philips, Worcester. hop mnerclant, July 9 and 30, at 10 o'clock, at the Birumingham District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor Mr. Wiimott, High-street, Sonthwark; and Messrs. Hodgson and Allen. Birmiaam; oftlcial assignee, Mr. Christie, Birniinglam. WiliamWilkinson, Sedbergh. Yorkshire, corn merchant, July 10, August 8, at 11 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy solicitors, Messrs. Sale, Worthington, and Shipmian, Manchester; and 3Messrs. Richardson and Gaunt, Leeds; otficial assignee, 3Mr. Young, Leeds. Richard Nelson. Leeds, tailor, July 10, Augnst S, at U o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, Mr. Grainger, Leeds ; official assignee, Mlr. Young, Leeds. Samuel Rogerson, Salford, velvet trimming manufacturer, July 7 and 10, at 12 o'clock, at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Messrs. Owen, GiU1, and Radford, and MIr. Faulkner, Manchester: official assignee, Mr. Fraser, Manchester. DIVIDNDS. July 18, J. C. Tniyman, Ranmigate, upholsterer.-July IS, B. Dunin, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde Park, machiuist.-July 18, J. Steele, Dept. ford, tar manufacturer.-July 18. J. Roberts, Blackwall, wood merchant.-July 23. J Thompson, Manchester. cement dealer.-July 21, IV. Threlfall, Addingham, Yorkshire; cotton spinner. CERTIFICATES to be rnted, unlesa cause- be shown tothe con- trary on the dEay of meeting. July21, T. Smithand E. Heafield. Stainsby-terrace, Poplar, builders. -July 18, J. A. Joyce, Rood-lane, Fenchurch-street, merchant.-July 22, S. Stone, Little Dean, Glocestershire, inmkeeper.-July 28, J. h. Black-well and G. Bennet, Smethwick. Staffordsbire, ironmasters.- Juily 21, P. P. Buck, Jervaus Abbey, Yorkshire, cattle dealer. SCOTCH SEQIUESTRATIONS. 3. M'Donald, Ben-.evis Distillery, near Fort William, Juiy 4, at 2 o'clock, at the Caledouian Hiotel, Fort ll3iam. lV. and 1V. Notman. Glasgowo, warehousemeo, July 11, at I o'clock, at the Globe Hlotel. Glasgow. Wr. Crouin and W. Jack, Glasgow. furnishing iroumongers, July 9, at 1 o'lock, at the Glasgow Stock-Exchange Rooms, Glasgow. The Arerage I'riceof Brown orlI'uscovado Sugar, comaputed from the returns made in the week ending the 24th of June, exclusiveof Customs' duties paid or payable thereon on the importatiorn thereof into Great Britain. L d. From the Britishposseeslons In Amerlca 0 6 perwet. FromtheYMauritius.. .. 29 104 , Fromthe EastIndies 33 l5, The average price o' the hreelibregoiug de- ecriptionsofsugar,jointly computedasabove andexclusiv ofduaty, is.. 30 9, By autbority ofsarliamenat, iTh-icy BroN-L, Clerk of the Grocers' Company. Groce&-bal, June 27.
DTSTIBUITION OF PBLZES AT KiTNs's COLLEGE.- The Midsummer distribution of prizes at King's;College took place yesterday in the hall of the College, in the presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen, friends, and relatives of the pupils. The Lord Bishop'of Lichfield presided, supported by Lord Eadstock, theEarl of Harrowby, the Rev. Principal Jelf,&c. Afterafewpreliminary observations from the right rev. cbairman, the following names were adjudicated prizes :-Classical Scholars.-T. L. 11. Brow ne, J. G. Wood; Mathematica], H. Vace, R. A. Proctor; Modern History, C. J. Stovell, D. Sturges; Divinity, T. Meymott Tidy. Prizemen.-Divinity-Browne, Harden, Heatb, Fuller, Pzoctor, and Mackay. Classical Literature.-Yeldham, Mackay. Mathematics-Baily, Proctor, M'Gowan. English Language and Literatire-Yeldham, Proctor, and Elderton. Modern HistoryBoult, Proctor, and ALnckay. English Essay-(Dasent Prize) Henry Wace, (Stephen Prize) D. Sturges, (Debating Society prize) Walter and Yeldham, (Plumtre Prize) Yeldham and Hug es. French-Elliott, Ralli, and DIarlington. German-Morton and Luard. SurveyingMeiflns and Bobinson. Chymistry-Soames and Newman. Geologv-Mullins. Mlineralogy-Beattie. WorkshopsMaclaughlin. Fortification-Straker. Drawing-Hutton. After the prizes had been distributed the right rev. chairman delivered a suitable admonition to the assembled students, and the proccedings terninated in the usual wav. LORD ORFOBD'S CoLuE,oN.-The fine Italian sculpture, bronzes, decorative furnitnre, wood carvings and marbles, removed from his noble mansion in tle country (Wolterton, the seat of Lord Orford), were yesterday brought under the hammer of Messrs. Christie and ,Manson. ~The great room was crowded thronohout the day. The following lots excited much interest :-B3ronzes.-No. 137. TheVenus of John of Bologna, a very fine cast in bronze from the celebrated statue in the Peiraga-villa at Florence. The original statue stands in the centre of a fountain, the water drops from her hair; 44 guineas. 143. A noble bust. of Napoleon in bronze, after Canova, from Baron Denon's collection; pronounced by Denon the finest cast he caused to be made; 241 guineas. Decorative Furniture.-144-5. A very handsome& cabinet of black and gold japan, with folding doors enclosing numerous drawers, the hinges of metal, gilt and engraved. With the compamion cabinet, enriched with landscapes in gold, raised; 61 guineas. 151. A beautiful library table, of black buhl, with ormoulu masks and mouldings, and drawers, the top covered with green morocco. This fine table was formerly in the possession of the DaLe of York; 70 gaineas. 172. A pair of magnificent slabs of malachite, surmounting carved console tables, with Cupids underneath ; 160 guineas, purchased by the Duke of Cleveland. Wood Carvings184. A beatifully carved pilaster, in pearwood, by Rogers -composed of a dead cock, boar's head, dead game, horn and sporting implements, and foliage. This beautiful work is about 8 feet high; 46 guineas. 185. A pair of splendid pilasters, byRogers, with representations of dead game, fish, truit, and lowers, about 12 feethigh -200 guineas. l89. An exquisite medallion head of Charles IL, by Grinling Gibbons-two angels, holding a wreath above. This rare and beautiful work of the great artist is in an oak frame, and in quality unique ; 65 guineas. Marbles.-190. A pair of beautiful half-columns of fine porphyry, onbases of white marble; 2965 guineas. 199. A pair of smnaller ditto, on white marble plinths; 158 guineas. 20S. A noble bust of Napoleon, as First Consul, by Canova, of heroic size. This admirable work of the great sculptor is an exact copy of the cast made by the artist at Lvons; 91O. 206. Venus; a beautiful statue, by Finelli, of Rome, half-draped, on square painted pedestal; 611. 207. Cupid and :Psyche, an exquisite group, by Finelli; Cnpid hold a quiver, and Psyche leans on his shoulder, she is half-draped, on square painted pedestal; 961. The Wolterton collection of psctures'will bo disposed of this day. The case of Bernardo Henriquez, who was sentenced to death at the last session of the Central Criminal Court for the murder of a foreign seAman in a sailors' lodging-house in Wellclose-square, has been under the consideration of the Secretary of State, and we understand that, in compliance with the recommendation of Mr. Justice Coleridge, before whom the prisoner was tried, Her Majesty has been ple sed to commute the capital sentence to transportation.-Globe.
SHE ruME mEMOPJAz. Yesterday a public meeting was held at the Hansion-house, for the purose of romoting the erection of a public memorial of! he late Joseph Hume, as a lasting record of the gratitude of his countrymen, for his long and disinterested services in the House of Commons, his successful efforts to check the waste of public money, his constant support of all measures conducive to the spread of moral and intellectual improvement, anrd his unvarying advocacy of constitutional liberty. The Lord Mayor occupied the chair, and am n the gentlemen present and identifying themselves witg the object of the meeting were-Earl F9ortescue, Sir James Duke, 3LP., MIr. Tits, M.., Mr. WiUcox, M., Mr. J. iForster, Mi.R, Mfr. Radfield, MI.D., Mr. Williamls, Mi.D., Baron Anthony de Rothschild, Mlr. 5. AX Nicholay, Mr. Thomas Dakin, Mr. Alderman Lawvrence, Mr. F. Bennoch, MIr. Alderman Wire, Mir. Tindal Atkinson, 3r. John Dillon, Mr. R. N. Phillpps Mr. Anderton, Mr. Gregory Foster, and Mr. D'Iffanger. The attendance, though respectable, was not so numerous as might have been the LORD M.xYon, in opening the proceedings, said they were assembled to do honour to the memory of a man whose name and the important services he rendered to his country for nearly half a century were so universally known and appreciated, that it would be almost wholly un-a necessary to dLlate upon them in a company of intelligent Englishmen. He believed he might say of Mr. Hume that there never lived a more earnest, truthfu, painstalcikig man, I or one who more disinterestedly and entirely devoted his life to the service of his country. (Cheers.) That being so, it behoved them to offer some tribute to his memory, by which they might hope to perpetuate to succeeding generations the example and the eminent public services of a man who was essentially one of the people, and who devoted his life to the promotion of their material interests and their moral and intellectual improvement. (Cheers.) Re would relate an anecdote of his (the Lord Mayor's) boyish days. His father, who was for many years a proprietor of the East India Company, took him to the India-house onthe occasionwhen the first charter of the company was under discussion by the Court of Proprietors, in 1810. It was there that Mr. RIume made his first public appearance in this country after his return from India, and a more tedious or prosy speech than he made on that occasion he (the Lord Mayor never listened to, or one which morcompletelexhausted hispatience. But it was well known to many whom he now saw around him that Mr. Hume eventually became one of the most agreeable and intelligent speakers in the House of Conmeons. He was, it was true, a matter-of-fact man, but few members of that assembly in later times ever gained more of its ear than he; and that was wholly attributable to the invincible determination with which he devoted himself to his own improvement, and his amazing industry in procuring information on every subject in which he took an interest, and as to every one of the many abuses which he sought to remedy in the generation in which he lived. (Hear.) It was superfluous for him to say that such a man was as well worthy a tribute from the public at large as any other statesman or person who had conferred benefits on the geople at any time in our national history. (Hear, near.) He trested the result of the meeting and of similar meetings in other parts of the country would be the erection of a lasting memorial which should serve to transmit the memory of his name and services to the latest generation. (Cheers.) M1r. T. D2IUN, a member of the Common Council, moved the first resolution:- " That the disinterested services of Mr. Hume for above 40 years in the House of Commons, his successful efforts to check the waste of public money, his constant support of all measures conducive to the spread of moral and intellectual improvement, and his unvarying advocacy of constitutionalliberty, claim a lasting record of the gratitude of his counltrymen." Re briefly adverted to the remarkrable intelligenco and industry displayed by MIr. Rume while in India in the early part of his life, to the patriotism and the love of order and liberty which marked his whole public career, to his strenuous exertions at all times to check the prodigalexpenditure of the public money in pensions and sinecures, and to the interest he felt in the edecation of the humbler orders of the people. He believed his name would live in the page of history so long as disinterested public services and patriotism were held in admiration by a grateful country and that they were only discharging a duty in erecting a memorial to perpetuate his name. SirJ. Dux iLP., expressed the pleasure he felt in seconding the resolution, and added that he did not think there could he any place more appropriate than the city of L ondon in which the people could express their sense of hlr. Rume's great public services.I The resolution was put, and carried with acclamation. MiEr. Alderman Lx wnRExC moved the next resolution, to the effect that a subscription list be opened in the city in aid of the national subscription for the erection of some public memorial in honour of Mr. Hume, and that the contributions be limited to sums not exceeding 10!. from each subscriber. Rle said he had always looked upon Mr. Rumne as one of the most honest and fearless of public men. For years it was the characteristic of his life to be in a minority, but he lived to win over to his views many public men who had formerly opposed them, and to see those views to agreat extent carriedintopracticaleffect. Re (Mr. Aldennan Lawrence) thought the city of London would be behind its duty if it hesitated to pay this token of respect to the memory of one who had devoted so large a portion of a long life to the service of the public, and who was in every way worthy of being held up as an example to the reformers of all fuhere time, The motion was briefly seconded by Mr. J. Ponrxn, MLP., and carried unanimously. On the motion of MWr. P. A. TAYLOB, seconded by Mr. J. R. RALL, a committee, with Sir James Duke at its head, was appointed to promote the subscription. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to Lord Fortescue, on the motion of Mr. AxnDERTON, seconded by Mr. T. WALL, for the conspicuous and creditable part his Lordship had taken in proiioting the national memorial to Mr. Hume. Earl FoRTEScuF briefly acknowledged the compliment, adding that he was delighted to see that the memory of an old reformer lived in the hearts of the citizens of London, and he trusted that the example set on this occasion would be followed by other cities and towns throughout the country. (Cheers.) Re concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor for the urbanity and ability with which he had occupied the chair, and for granting the use of the .ansion-house for holding the meeting. The motion was seconded by Mr. Alderman WiruZ, and carried with acclamation. The LOD KLhYOPn responded to the compliment, and the meeting separated. A sum of 1601. was subscribed during the proceedings towards the memoriaL
SHIP NEWS. LTVmmRniOF ,Tmrn 97 Wind, N-2i.Wv Arived.-TheGiaour,from Newfoundland-the Emelie, from Norway -tbe Boeetia, the Corazonde Mari, and the Aurelia Prilnera. Sailed.-The John Douse for Alexandria-the C. Harrison, for Gibraltar-the Deerts Hendrika, for Amsterdam-the Selskar, for Varna-the Johin, for Constantinople-the Samaritan, for Malta, Sumxr 26. Sailed.-The Cherokee, for Caleutta-the Angela, for Constantinople. LoxNDox, JSuee 27.-Wind at noon, W.; light breeze and sultry ,weather. BRISTOL, June 27.-Wind, W.X.W.; light; fine.-Arrived, the Princess Royal, from Bideford-the Xeath Abbey, from Heath-the Aaelia, from LiverpooL Sailed, the MXirre, for Hartland-the Brothers, for Melford-the Rosebud, for Walchett. FAMtoutrr, June 25.-Sailed, the Lewes and the Georgiana, for London-the Vezhound, for iverpool-the HlelmuthMentz, for Cork -theLibeato, fo Pooe. une 6.-Wnd,variable and fine. Arrived, thd Ebling. fromHew Yomrk. Sail-ed,tnhe Heirielc Vergeland, for Dublin-the Anna and the Maria, for Waterford. Esssxoisr, June2i.-The Gipsey Queen, of Shields, from NewcasiloforCronstsdt, sisnekon the Skaw Beef on the 22d inst., bet floated, and was abandoned with 8 feet of w,ater in her hold. Croer landedl here by the Cressvwell. GRAVESEND, JusE 27. (BY SUBeiU .t BAD oRse TE.noaarn.) (From Lloyd's.) 9 30 a.m.-Wind, H.W. ; tide, one boms's ebb; fine. Arrived.-TheAlbion, from Boulogne-the Giraffe, from Rotterdiam -the John Bull, from Hamburg-the Euphemuxs and the Lillydale, from Balaklava-the Antoniio Leopoldo. fromn Porto Rico-the Flora, from Wismar-the Tcmperance Star, from Oporto-the Nanny and Emm a, from Syra-the Gesina, froma Leer-the Twve Zustera, from Worcum. Sailed.-The Antipodes, for Hobart Town. 1 p.m.-Wind, B.; tide, five hours' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Paris and London, from Paris. 3 p.m.-lind, W.; tide, five hours' ebb; flne. Arrived.-The London, from Gottenbrg. Failed.-The Cityof London, for Boulogne. Wi.30 p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, five hours' floodi; weather fine. Arrived.-The London, from Gottenburg-the Ethiope, from the West Coast of Africa-the Pursuit, from Memel-the Betsey, from Deimkirk-the Lively, from Guernsey-the Stell, fronI Riga-tlle Tuiscan, from Ahab-the Svaren, from Aarhuins-the Johanna Ettiea sand the Father Mhathow, fronm Datsic-tbhe Unity, from Rouen-the Affiance, from Havre-the Hebe, from Corseur-theWilhelmina,from Skive-the Hanmonie, from Wisinar-the Magnet from Amsterdamthe City of Rotterdam, from Dunkirk. JoyE 26. Ar.ived-The Familean, from Frederickstadt-the Sarpsborg, from Sarpsborg-the Ocean Child, from afarstrand. SaileIt-Tile Rambler, from Rio Janeiro-the Sappho, from Demerara, DEAL, JmsE 27. (BY SUBMARinE AND Banesr TaLsRaPrn.) (From floyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wind, calm ; very fine. P&ssed.-Her Majesty's ship Cormorant, from 8heerness for Ply month. 2 p.m.-Wind, SA.;. light and fine. Anchored.-The Cowlitz, from London for the South Seas. Passed.-The City of Boulogne, from London for Cornnsl. 7 30 p.m.-Wimd, S.S.W.; light and fine. Arrived and Pacsed.-The Fritheoff, from Gottenburg for Bristol -the Ocean, from Norkoping for Liverpool. JUsE 26. Noon. -WInd, southerly; light. Passed.-The Vile de Caunes. from Newcastle for Alexandria. Off Dungeness.-Adolphin. from Baltimore for Bremen. Arrived and Passed.-The Strathmore, for Otago, New Zealand-the B3eber, for Malta-theAntipodes for Hobart Town. VxsELSo Sposrr-;T Wrer. No. 9.065 (second distinguishing pendant) Lord Burleigb, from london, May 17, in lat. 8 X., long. 24 W. The Amenda, from St. Croix for Falmouth, June 13, in lat. 45 N., long. 2ow. The Cynthia, of Aberdeen, for Rio Janeiro June 22, in lat. 50N. The ;eila, steering W.. June 13, in lat. 4i 9 ., long. 29 W. The A.lna, forHewY York, June 17, in lat 48 N long. 16 W. The Jane L"aRe, from Bombay for Liverpool, bay 20, in lat. 3SO., long. 39 W. The Spy, from London for Rio Janeiro, April 30, in lat. 1 S., long. 22 W. The Consul, fromCardiffforCallao May!1, inlat.2 N., long, 23 W. The Heroo 0, from Liverpool for Cauentta, May 20, in lat. 9 Y., lon g. 23 W. The Thomas, from Liverpool, May 17, in lat. 10 X., long. 27 W. The HIuron. of Glasgow, from CardifE forDemeraras June 16, in lat; 43N., long. 131V, The Afrlca, from Bombay for Liverpool, May 6, in lat. 20 S., long. 1 W. An Euglish transport, from Bombay for London, May 19, in lat. NThe Bordeaux. from Liverpool for San Francisco. Mtry 24, in lat. 6 N., long. 21 W. HIGH WATER AT LONDOX-BR3DGE. This Day. To-morrow. Morning.. f t5 nin. after 9 Morning.. I nin. after 11 Allteoort .. 2gg min. after l0 I Aternoon 3 m;n. after 11
I rARAMENTARY INTBLLIGB2 E.. HOUSE OF IORDS, FhRIDY, JUNE 27. Their lordships met shortly before 5 o'clock. NEW PEER. Lord LYONS (late Sir E. Lyons) entered the fouse, upon his elevation to the Peerage, and took the oaths and his seat. His Lordship was introduced by lord BYRox and lord FOLEY. PETITIONS. The Earl of HARDWICKE presented several petitions against the abolition of church-rates, and one from Sheffield against the abrogation of the right of search. MAMTh SERVICE BETWEEBN ENGLAND AND IRELAND. In reply to the MIarquis of CLAlucAnnE, The Duke of ARGYIL said, the proposition, which was made by the Government to the united railway and steamboat proprietors, with reference to improved postal communication with freland, remained undertheirconsideration for a considerable time; but they had very recently returned to the Governmcent a proposal, stating the conditions and expense upon which they would be ready to perform the requiredservice. Theletterhadbeenreferred to thePost-offceDepartment,and was now under theirconsideration.Itcouldnot beexpectedthat, underthosecirenumstances, he should go into particulars either as regarded money or time. Ona previous occasion he had stated that the main conditions laid down by the Government were, that thej vwholejourneybetweenLondon and Dublin should be performed within the space of U hours, and that the departure should not be later than half-past 7 o'clock in the mornng. Captain Huish, the manager of the London and North-Western Railway Company, stated, before a committeein 1853, that communication between London and Dublin could take place with facility and safety inllhours, and the Governmenttook that as the basis of their proposition, togethef with other details necessary for the convenience of the public. He could assure the noble mrarquis that the Government were giving serious consideration to the subject, and would proceed with the negotiation as soon as the conditions had been arranged. DULWICH COLLEGE BILL. Upon the motion of the LoBD CnANCELuon, this bill was read a second time and referred to a select committee. FACTORIES BIL This bill was read a third time and passed. POLICE (COUNTES AND BOROIUGHS) BILL. Upon the question of the third reading of this bill, The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH, being anxious to render the measure as efficacious as possible, called the attention of the noble lord (Lord Panmure) to the fact that, as the bill stood at present, justices were directed, at the first quarter sessions after December 1, to take steps to create a constabulary force in counties where none already existed. He wished to know what was to be done in the intervening five months ? It would, he believed, be much better to direct the magistrates at the next quarter sessions in October to appoint a chief constable, who wouldfind ample occupation in making himself acquainted with the circumstances of the district. Some steps ought also to be taken at once to frame an estimnate of the cost, without which the magistrate would scarcely be able to carry out the act in January. It was quite true that magistrates had power to do those things now if they chose, but the bill was intended to compel inwilling counties to establish a police force, and, therefore, some dsrectaon upon those points was necessary. Lord PANMURE thought the observation of the noble earl would have pretty nearly the same effect as the compulsory direction which he suggested, as the counties, knowing that the bill was passed, would immediately take steps to prepare for carrying it into operation. It was true that the bill was not a perfect measure, but it was a step in the right direction, and went as far as the Government felt justified in asking Parliament to go at present. Lord WROTTESLEY said, it was in the power of the magistrates to appoint a committee to inquire into the matter, to be afterwards under the management of the chief constable. The Earlof ELLENBOROUGH said, there was one point to which he wished to state to theirlordships. When some years ago a police force was introduced into the county of Glocester, he apprehended that adifficultywouldarise inthe appointment of a chief constable from a disposition to carry everything by canvass and by favour, which prevailed in all public bodies from the highest to the lowest; and what. he suggested io the ma.e3trates was that they should ask the Inspector-General of the constabulary force in Ireland to recommend to them a chief constable. This was done, andduringthe17years that had since elapsed they had seen no reason to repent the course they had then adopted, for they had at once obtained an effective officer. The biU was then read a third time and passed. SLEEPING STATUTES BTTT. This biU passed through committee, OATH OF ABJURATION AMiENThET B1:ILL. On the motion of the Earl of DEsny their lordships went into committee on this bill. lord LYNDHUERST.-I wish, my lords, to say a few words with respect to this measure. I object to it altogether. I object to it both in form and in substance, because I cannot find in the statute-book any act of Parliament which resembles it. I will first point out my objection to the form of the oath. Mynoble friend refers to the oath of abjuration, and then enacts that a large passage of that oath shall be excepted. He then goes on to say, after a few lines, that a line and a-half in addition shaU be excepted. Again, going on further, he saysthat another line and a-half shall be excepted; and Ibelieve he repeats this a third time,thataline and a-half shallbe excepted. Then he says, a fourth time, that a passage shall be excepted, and that something shall be substituted in lien of it, then that a word shall be excepted in a subsequent parb of the oath, and that afterwards another word shall be excepted. I cannot understand how the oath can be admiristered at al. What is the form in which the oath shall be taken? Is the clerk at the table to take the oath of abjuration in his hand and strike out certain passages with a pencil, or with a pen, and then the noble lord at the table shall read the oath, slipping over particular parts? It may be said that might be obviated by the clerk drawing out a form of oath, leaving out those excepted passages? But how will that apply? Woi't the noble lord at the table be desirous of knowing whether the oath tendered to him is according to the oath prescribed by act of Parliament? Will he not desire to look first at the oath of abjuration, and then at the exceptions, and then compare these with the oath to be administered to him? Indeed, my lords, my objection in point of form, is in reality an objection in point of substance. Why either my noble friend, or the noble lord who drew the bill, did not add these words, "namely, as follows," and then set out the oath, I find it diffidult to conjecture. But, my lords, I am quite sure that it was not ny noble friend who drew the bill.' (Hear, hear.) I knew the handwriting at once-I knew the style and pen. cil of the artist-a shrewd and subtle practitioner (cheers and laughter), and one who loves to chaUenge difficulties ihat he may encounter and overcome them. (Laughter.) But what is the object? The object is this-that my noble friend might not appear to be presenting a new oath to be imposed on Her Majesty's Protestant subjects. But, my lords, take the existing oath, leave out certain parts of that oath, and add other parts, whatever the ingenuity may be of my noble friend, depend upon it that that is in substance a new oath on the Protestant subjects of this empire. (Eear, hear.) So much for my objection as to the form of this measure. I will now say a word as to the substance. I will call your attention, my lords, to the reign of William IIL In the first year of the reign of that monarch his title was established by act of Parliament, his supremacy was established by act of Parliament, and the succession to the Crown was established by act of Parliament; and after all these provisions had been made then came the oaths to be considered. They were considered, and what were they?-the oath of allegiance and the oath of supremacy, and nothing more. That was all that was required in the first year of the reign of William m. for the security of the throne and the security of the succession. Two years afterwards it was proposed to add something to the oath, but that was opposed by the monarch and opposed by Parliament. Then came the oath of abjuration. The oath of abjuration applied to events of that time only -events which cannot again occur-of which there is no trace. Why should not that oath be entirely abrogated? Why not put ourselves in the position in which Parliament stood at the time of William IIL., when only two oaths were required-namely, the oath of allegiance. and the oath of gppremacy ? After all, my lords, what are oaths worth ? Who ever supposes that they have any effect intimes of difficulty ? Did any oath ever prevent a revolution ? I admire the eloquence of my noble friend sitting at the table (Earl Stanhope), who spoke the other night upon this question, but I must appeal from my noble friend speaking: in the excitement of debate to my noble friend calmly deliberating in the closet and viewin- this subect in the light of history. Let me quote apassage from the writings of my noble friend, in the propriety and truth of which I entirely concur. It relates to the security afforded by these oaths, and I think your lordships wil with me entirely corncur in the propriety of the observations made by my noble friend. They are to this effect. Speaking of the Jacobites he says:- " Yet they still retained all their fir.t principles, and the oath, however it might torture their consciences, did not influence their conduct. Such is, I fear, the inevitable result of any oath imposed by any Govermnent for its security. Examples of that kind are too common in all countries. Swearing allegiance to King George did not shut out all the Jacobites from Parliament; swearing allegiance to King Louis Philippe does not shut out all the Carlists from the Chambers." I quite agree, therefore, with my noble friend as to the uselessness of these oaths. Hear what is said by another eloquent writer, Mr. Macaulay. He is describing the debate which took place early in the last century upon the subject of oaths:- " Do not flatter yourselves that the ingenuity of lawgivers vwll ever devise an oath which the ingenuity of casuists will not evade. What, indeed, is the value of any oath in such a matter? Among the many lessons which the troubles of the last generation have left us none is more plain than this, that no form of words, however precise, no imprecation, however awful, ever saved or ever will save a Government from destruction. Was not the solemn league and covenant burnt by the common hangman amid the hu7s of tens of thousands who had themselves subscribed it ? Among the statesmen and warriors who bore the chief pxrt in re toring Charles IL how many were there who had not repeatedy abjuzed him ? Nay, is it not well-known Ithat some of those persons boastfully affirmed that if they hadnot abjured hinthey never could have restored him?" And I recollect, my lords, in one of the debates -which took place in this house upon the subject of oaths it was made a subject of merrinent as to the number of violations of oath with which their lordships tbemselves were chargeable. Another objection Ihave to this bill is, that it is an insult to the Protestants of this country. MUy noble friend in one part of the bill requires every Protestant-for it applies to Protestants only, and not to Catholics-to declare that he mrakes this declaration without evasion, without mental reservation, and without equivocation. I should wish t-o know at what period of our history it was ever impxted to Protestants that they were guilty of evasion when oaths were administered to them. {flear, hear.) -Undoubtedly such an imputation was cast upcn the Catholicswhether justly or not I will not say-but no imliytation of the sort was ever cast upon Protestants, and I strongly protest agamst such a stigma being thrown on the whole body of Protestants throughout this country. Nay, more, do the words in this new oath, " upon the true faith of a Christian,'" at all add to the value of an oath taken by Protestant members ? (Hear, hear.) If I swear to bear faithful allegiance to Her Majesty, does it add to the obligation of my oath that I make use of the words " on the true faith of a Christianl?" Why, then, should these words be 3mmorted into an oath taken by a Protestant? I understand why it was inserted in the case of a Catholic; but to thrust it in its present shape, and containxing this phrase, upon Protestants appears to me to be an inuslt to the3r understanding. hyords I have heard it said by a learned friend of mine for whom I have great respect that the oath of allegiance is a meagre oath, that it is a mere modicum, and that this is one of the reasons why a new oath should be framed. I would, however, oppose to his opinion that of Lord Hale, who sas he considers that oath simple, plain, and easily understood - that there is nothing cumbrous init; and that it fulfils the whole duty owingbyasubject to his overeign. These are the words of my Lord Hale, and I muight, if it were necessary, quote anotherlivingauthority for which I have the highest respect to the same effect. But the fact is, this is a bill directed against the Jews, and intended to exclude them from Parliament. The measure can have no other object. (Hiear.) FRor any other purpose it is wholly unnecessary. (Hear.) At present, as the law now stands, we are simply on the defensive. The LegisIature says to the Jews " You can do nothingr; you cannot come into Parliament." But the bill now before your lord. ships will directly exclude the Jews. If this bill be passed by the other House of Parliament, what becomes of the aBcum t that the Jews are excluded by a mere phrase?| Why, it will be at once said, should this measure becomo law, that there is direct le"isiation against them-that they I are excluded by the direct votes of both branches of the Legislature. (Hlear.) That is the object of the noble lord's bill. But what will be thought of it in the other House of Parliament ? Is it possible that this bill can be read a second time there ? Impossible I After all thathas passed, the House of Commonsvilconsder it a mockery, not to use a stronger term, to send such a bill down to them. (Hear.) I don't go so far as a noblelord whoapoke the othermiight and said that the effect of our resisting the claims of the Jews will be that we shall have to go as suppliants to the other House, in order to induce them to pass a bill originatingf with your lordships and relating to the improvement of thie appellate jurisdiction. I don't suffer such ideas as these to in fluence me; but to send such a bill down to the other Hrouse will he, I won't call it an insult, but certainly a mockery. Entertaining these opinions, I shall, in committee, move at the end of the bill the words, " which oath, being so amended, is as follows," then settinsgforth the oath; and I shallalso move to strike out all the concluding words of the oath, " without evasion, equivocation." and so on, to the end of the oath, including the words "upon the true faith of a Christian." (Hear, hear.) The Earl of DEllBY.-I cannot but regret that, havin stated very ably and forcibly upon another* occasion his reasons for supporting the bill then under consideration, my noble and learned friend should think it expedient or necessary upon the present occasion to reopen a question which I understood had been decided at that time by a vote of your lor-dships'RIonse. Iregret stillmore thatthenobleandlearned lord was not present uponthe second reading of the bill now before you, because, if he had been, it would have saved your lordships the trouble of hearing mne repeat a second time the grounds upon which the bill was framed in its present shape. I must say-and I hope it is not inconsistent with the greatest possible respect to my noble and learned friend to say so-that his remarks upon this bill, more especially with reg,ard to its substance, contain a greater amount of misrepresentation than I ever recollect to have heard from the lips of any member of this House upon any subject whatever. (A laugh.) Mty noble and learned friend tells me that I am now aboult to bring forw.ard this measure for the avowed purpose of excludig the Jews from Parliament by certain wrords. Now, I beg my noble and learned friend to answer me this question-how this bill in the slightest degree affects any one Jew wvith regard to his rights existing or hereafter to exist? I wish to know what provision there is in this bill in the slightest degree touching the Jews ? I wish to know in what particular this bill does not leave the law in the po0sition in which it ninds it ? (Hear-.) lfy noble and learued friend tells me that I am introducing a new disqualification of the Jews;* that I amimposing, for-sooth, a new oath, by the termos of which I shall exclude the Jews from Parliament. NZow, my lords, if I recoUlect rightly, in the bill supported by my noblefriend the other night the e.sisting oath was altogether done away with; unless my memory greatly fails me, a new oath was these set forth; and, after repealing the former oath, he did by his bill that which the present measure does not donamely, impose a new oath upon the Jews. (HEcar-, hear.) Mfy noble friend says, further, that this oath, which he maintains is for the purpose of excluding Jews from Parliament, but which I contend does not in any way affect the position of the Jews as reg,ards admission to Parliament, will be offensive to the feelings of the Jews, and aiso to those of the other House of Parliament. Now, my lords, I stated the other night, and I state again now, that my intention is carefully to avoidthe re-enactment of specific words which would perhaps bring your lordships' House into an unnecesesay collision with the House of Communs, and for that reason I have retained the oath as it at present stands, omitting only those parts of it w;hich relate to the descendants of James II. As I understand the matter, your lordships have decided one question in a sense opposed to that evinced by the other Hou7se of Parliament, but that was a question vwhich did not necessarily involve anything in connesion with the descendants of JamesIH. MZv noble and learned friend has paid me too great a complimeut and himself too poor a one in saying that in this matter I have acted as a subtle practitioner. Now, my noble and learned frieod mulst permit me to remind him of that of which, from his great experience and acuteness, he cannot be ignorantnamely, that if any of the subtleness of the practitioner has been displayed at all it has been displayed by my noble and learned friend in the bill which he brought before your lordships. Mfy noble friend, in the nreamble of his billy recited that the oath of abjuration, so far as regarded the descendants of James, was unecessary, inasmuch as there wrere no such descendants, and he then went on to say, "therefore be it enacted that a certain oath which, whatever was its original intention, has had the effect of excluding Jews from Parliament shall be repealed." If, therefore, there has been any subtlety, that subtlety has been displayed by my noble friend who introduced a bill professedly for one purpose, but in reality for another. I cannot, however, call it great subtlety on the part of mny noble friend, because, in point of fact, the plan was too palpable to deceive the mund of any one of your lor-dships, except, perhaps, the ingenuous and unsophisticated mind of a nloble friend of mine, not now in his place, who auniounced to your lordships that, although he saw the necessity of excluding Jewrs from Parliamaent, he wvas prepared to give his assent to a bill which would have the effect of indirectly admitting them, although, indeed, he should feel himself bound to oppose any measure brought for-ward directly for that purpose. (A laugh.) I can quite sympathize writh my noble and learned friend, because if your lordships agree to the present bill he will lose his stalking horse--the descendants of Janies-and w;ill, no doubt, findt considerably mnore difficulty on future occasions in inducing your lordships to assent to that which will effect the object which he has in view. I can easily allow for the annoyance wrhich my noble and learned friend feels at the prospect of a bill being carried whichl will remove the substantial cause of quarrel and increase the difficulties against which he will have to contend in carrying out the object which he has in view. It appears, however-, to me that the course which I have pursued is both straightforward in form and convenient in pr-actice. It is straightforward because the object of the bill is clearly and openly set forth in the preamble, that object being to give effect to the objection entertained by your lordships and the other House of Parliament to the retention of terms which the lapse of time and otherdrcirnustances haverendere&wholly unnecessary, andthe biU is drawn up in strict conforumitywith the preamble, and especial care has been taken not to throw dowrn the gauntlet of defiance to the other Htouse of Parliament, which we should do by abolishing the existingoath altogether and enacting another containing words to which the House of Commons has expressed its objection. The measure has been bronght for- ward in a spirit of good feeling and with a desire of obtaining that which your lordships and the House of Commons are desirous of obtaining, and, at the same time, of obviating the introduction of w,ords which would necessarily lead to a considerable difference of opinion, and perhaps endanger the success of the measure. I hope, therefore, that it is not unreasonable to expect and to trust that the House of Commons wmill not thinlc it necessary to iasist upon an alteration in the form of this bilL If the form of the bill be altered one of two things mnst happen. Either your lordships must go back from the position which you took up the other evening, otr else, by irsisting upon the retention of these words, you must throw down to the Hotse of Commons a challenge which I am desirous of avoiding. If the House of Commons talke what I should consider- the ill-advised course of insisting upon the omi£sson from the oath of those words which your lordships are desirous of retaining, either those who have charge of this bill will be compelled to abstain from attempting to carry it into law, or else the bil will bew to be again rejected ; and then I ws°h t know how the Jews wiUl be in a better position than they at present are, -while there is n6i doubt that suchla course woucld be raost likely to excite continual irritation. The course proposed by my noble and learned friend is calculated tkeep open a question which will give rise to a controversy whic , as far as this bill is concerned, is studiously kept out of sight. The argument that this bill is brought forward with a want of form is, I think, hsardly worthy of the great ability and long experience of my noble and learned friend. My noble and learned friend now appears to object to all oaths whatever, but he himself proposed that an oath should 'be re-enacted. My noble and learned friend sets out upon the assumption that Parliament is desirous that an oath should be tken-something more than the oath of allegiance-such as ian oath to maintain the succession to the crown in the line in which it now stands limited; andl now proposo to continue the existing bath, st;iking out merely those words Whichi in the preamble of the bill of my noble sad learned friend are declared *o be wholly obsolete and unnecessary. Ihope thatiyouror& Isl4s will not.consentto the amendments which my. nobl land learned friend has stated that he will propos, And thb object of which wiU no doubt be to strike out from the oAth words with which we are not now dealing, the sole obiecA of tthepreeent bi being to get rid of that wbich all acikonW ledge to be-objectionable without saczificing a form whict a majority of yourlordship andaalrgeminorityoftheIHovm of Commonshaveexpressedtbe opinion that it is desirable to retain. Lord LYNDHIRST said, that no doubt he had intro-. ducedinto his bill an oath formaintaining the successionto the Crown as established by law; because wrhen he pro. :osea, on a former occasion, to repeal the abjuration oath, he wAs tod that a pDrtion of that oath related to tbh succession to the Crown, andhe was met with a great deal of opposition in consequenoe. (Hear, hear.) The oath, .s-* was nowproposed by the noble earl,would contain the worsr. ,.'on the tre faith of a Christian," the effect of which. 'would be to exclude the Jew from sitting in Parliamenit. Whether that were donenegativelyor affirmatively the e&cb was the same;* and if the other Hose should assent to the . noble earl's b;il, both Houses of Parliament would, then,in fact, have pronounced judgment against the J'ewns At the present timne Jews were only excluded from Parlia-. meat by the vote of one House; and he opposed the bitll of the noble earl because its effect would be to exclude bth Jews by the votes of both Houses. (Eear, hear.) lord CAIIPBELL said that,.notwithstanding the sincera respect which he entertamned for the public career of the noble earl, he could not admire the course which he had taken withregard tothis bill The noble earl hadintrodueed it 'ust before the period fixed for the second reading of the bili of his noble and learned friend, and byrernoving ceria *words, which made the oath almost a profaue one, be cut taway a considerable portion of the argument which might have been adduced mn favour of the measure of his nobb and learned friend. He thought it very probable, if this bilI passed their lordshipg House, that the noble earl would be like the enineer who was hoisted by his own petard, adthat it would be returned from the House *f Commons. divestedof the words "on the true faith of a hristian." It. was perfectlyabsurdto callthis abil forthe amendment of the oath of abjuration, because in point of fact it did not amend, but abolished that oath altogether.; -. The Earl of EGLETOU1) contended that his noble friend had acted in a candid and straightforwardl manner-im, introducing this bill, and observed that%while one noble and learned lord charged him with having pursued a subtle; course, the noble and learned lord who had last spoken said that it was a positively ridiculous And foolish one. Hethouaght that it would tend very much to the credit of their lords hips if they would pass a measure which would giva them a sensible and clear oath, containignothing that was: obsolete andunnecessary. Lord DENMAN agreed with his noble and learned friend (Lord Campbell), that the bill was improperly styled an "Oath of abjuration Amendment Bi," because it abjura nothing; and he suggested that it might be called the "Oath of Fidelity Bill," or some such name as that. TheEarlof ELLEXBOROUGH said,that he was satisfied with the oath as he understood it to he proposed by him noble friend the noble earl, inasmuch as, practically, it left the Jews where they were at present, and where he trasted' that they would continue to be left. (Hear.) He bad always voted against the admission of Jews tok'arii&ament,, and he always must vote in the same wway, because he had a; feelng, superior to all reasoning, that it would be wrong to do that which he believed wrould disparage the Christia character of the 'pgiilatare. lpon that sole ground-ho' had at all times opposed the admission of Jews X Parliament; but, while that 'was his opinion of the result of his noble friend's measure, if passed, he must confess thab he saw great weight in what had fallen froma the two noble) and learned lords at the table (Lords Lyndhurst and Camphell), with respect to the manner in which it was probable that the bill would be dealt with by the other Hoase. Their strength vwa in the defensive. It was by remaining onthe defensive, althongh they possessed a commanding majority in that house, that they were enabled for 10 years to support the Opposition led by the late Duke of Welling ton. At the coTmnencement of that great Opposition the. noble duke on one occasion adopted the offeosive, irk which he was successful in that house, but a counter resolution was immediately carried in the House of Comrmons. which overruled all that the Duke of Wellington and his. friends had done, and placed them in a much worse position than they would have occupied if they had never moted at. all. (Hear, hear.) He recollected well the noble d;uka saying to him that he had been convinced their strergth was in dealing with bills sent up from the House of Commons, and that he never would again fall into the. mistake of taking the initiative. Their lordships could notd occupy a better position than that in which they now found themselves. They had defeated by an ample majoritywhich but for an accident woald have been larger (hear) the attemapt t4 admit Jewvs to Par-liament. Iet them leave well alone. (HXear.) They were asked to send down to the House of Commons a billwhichmast produce a renew eddiecussion, arenewed conflict, npon that subject. (Hear.) Whenever that conflct arose, he must always vote in the s3m' way as he had done; but therevwas no discussion which took. place during the session in that house which was to him soa disagreeable as the discussion annuallyforced upon them with respect to the-Jews. He did not think it desirable for theirlordshipsto courtacollision withthe House of Commonsupor thatsubject. Ifthe House of Commons attempted to force. their religious opinions-and he apprehended it was a religionsfeelingwhich animated themajorityof theirlordships in refusing admission to the Jews-they were ready to defeat. that attempt, and he trusted that the people of EnglanP' would respect the principles and views upon which thqy acted. But if their lordships, leaving their position ofstrength, descended into the arena and sought a cosiftict upon that snbject, be doubted greatly whether public opinion would to the same extent support them, and he . was sure they-would do that which 'would be injudicious, which might produce inconvenience, and wFhich minigt, even at this late period of the session, with all the .3ccidents which might possibly arise, imperil thae position of strength in which they now stood. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of DERBY wished to say a few words in reply: to the noble earL. HIis objection to remaining preciseljy 'where they vwere was, that the contimnuance in the oath of* abjuration of the words referring to the Stuarts wrould; enable those who advocated the admissiaon of the Jew,s to Parliament to renew the discussion upon that question. under the pretext of aboEishing an utterly indefensible. part of the oath. It was his object to deprire them of that advantage by removing the unnecessary parts Of the oath, and he wshsed to know which would be the more reasonable course-to do that wrhich. by the common consent of mankind ought to be done,. or to refuse to adopt an acknowledged improvement unless. something was done wholly foreign to the object of the bill? But, whether the Hlouse Of Commons ado pted or rejected the. bill, their lordships -would not be troubled writh a renewed discussion in the course of the present session, because, rather than agree to the omission of words which wYould' have the effect of admitting the 3ewvs, those who would be. chargedwith the bill inthe other house -would at once throw it up. The Earl of ELLENBORO'UGH did not like to differfrom the noble earl on a point of Parliamentary practice and.. rule, but his impression was that a bill -when Iaid% orl the:table becamne the property of the House, and ceased to be-: long to any individual member. (HIear, hear.) The MEarquis of CLA2IRIC1ARDE was glad that the author of the bill had admitted that his ohject in.intro-. duciog it was to remove a wrong which he acknowledged to.. be a great obstacle to hisn in fighting the opponents of the oath of abjuration. 'Why, such being the case, did he refuse. to cdopt the manly course of repealing the oa3th and exclnding the Jews by direct enactment ? Not one word had ho said in reply to the Lord Chief Justice, 'hohad demlon-.. strated tle absulrdity Of the bill, and chewed that itwould,. laetelouse in 3 ridiculous, perhaps an offensive - Bgt. cn noble earl opposite had told their lordships that the bill -would be droppeod in the other house. if an attempt wvere made to omit the words " on.' the true faith of a t:hristian." 'Why should the noble earl decline a conference with the House of Com-; mons on the subject? Because he knewv that one of the noblest passages in the journals of their lordships' House was that in which their ancestors declared, 150Oyeart ago that no English subJect could be in a mnore miserable and' unhappy condition tha.n to be precluded by law from the.: full enjoyment of all the rights and privileges that properly' belonged to him. He knew that that passage wotuld be appealed to by the HRouse of Commons in favour of the adraission of the Jews; ho was conscious of his inability ti answer it; and it was because he could not meet it fairly that he had resolved to avoid it altogether. Lord LYNDH1URST then formally p reposed his amendments, which were as follows :-To leave out the words in line 1S, *'and the word 'abjuration' shall ho omitted from the last sentence of the first oath, and the w-ord ' renunciation' from the same sentence of the said oath andaffirmation," for thepurpose of inserting the following! words . "' ,nd the following words shall also be omitted fromw thelatter portion ofthe said oath-that is to say, '1,Td all these things I do pLainly and sincerely: ackinowledge and' swear, according to these exprese words by meO spoken, .and according to the plain common sense and underatandina; ofthe same words, without any eouivocation, mental evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever. And I do make this. recognition, acknowledgment, and promise leartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Christian.'" (Hear,lhear.) Also, in line 21, after the word "affirmation," to insert the words, "which oath so amended wilL stand as follows:-' 1, A B, do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare, in my conscience before' God and the world, that our Sovereign lady Queen Victoria is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and aU other Her Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And I do swear that I will bear faith and trae allegiance. to Her Majesy Queen Victoria, and her will defend to the: utmost of my power against all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatsoever which shall be made against her person, crown, or dignity. And I will do my utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to Her Majesty and -her successors all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which I shaU know to be against her or anyof them. And I dofaithfully promise to the utmost of my power to support, maintain, and defend the succession of the Crown against all persons whatsoever, which succession, by an act entitled, "An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better SecuringtheMRights andLiberties of the9abject," is and stands limited to the Princetssophia, Electress and Ducheis Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants."' (Hear, hear.) Amendment in she title-after tha word "doth," to insert the words " commonly called the oath." The Earl of DERBY wished to impress 'upon their lordships that the effec.t of the ameanenw would be expr&dsto carry but the views which they ha-l negatived the other night. Itwas, moreover, opposed to the whole spirit of the bill,;and, therefore, he hoped it would' be rejected by their ]ordshipSs. Lord LIyNDHURST did not mean to pres hisayendments at this stage. He woud withdraw tbe ,jor the-pre. sent, but would give notice that be wonld move them on the report. The amendments proposed by the noble and learned lorl were then negatived without a division. The Earl of DERBY suggestedthit hisnoble and learned
ROUSE OF COThIDIOGNLS, FREIDAY, JUXL1 27. lTe SPm=E1 took the chair at 4 'clck. The St. Sepulchre's Manor (Dr-blin) Bill was read a third time. The Perth Bu]Zh and Earbovr (No. 2) Bill was read a secondctimre. A petition was pr,sent*d 'y Mr. B. BuTT from his EF%4t zi era NT9 .J nd;, Ame';: of' lh-ypere, in Scinde, c mplaining of the unjust seizure of his territories by the authorities of the Iudiau Government. Petitions, praying for redress of the grievances of medical officers of poor law unions were presented by lord W. GRAXA3I, from the medical officers of the Grantham union, by Mr. BuTLis?, from the medical officers of the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; by 3fr. FOLEY, from the medical officers of the Bromsgrove Union; and by Mr. LaT'rE-roN, from the medical practitioners of the Seisdon Union, county of Stafford, praying that the recommendations of the committee of 1854 should be enforced. Petitions against the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill were presented by Mr. FOLEY, from Stourbridge, and by Mr. LocxE KIaG, from Richmond. against that portion of the bill which repeels the Statute of Frauds. Petitions were presented by Mr. J. C. Ew.,Rr from the clergy and laity of Liverpool against SirW. Clay's bill forthe abolition of church-rates, and also against the amendments proposed by Sir G. Grey; by Mr. BUTLER, from William Henrv Black, praying the EQouse to give to Commissioners of Police certain rights of prosecution 'with reference to offenders againstthe Smoke Nuisances Abatement Act in the arish of Whitechapel; by Mr. DILLWYN, from the inhabitants of the town and ilei-hbourhood of Swansea, in favour of the Ecclesiastieal Courts Jurisdiction Bill; by Mr. CAIRNS, from the third Presbyterian Church, Rosemarytstreet, Belfast, against the endowment of Maynooth; by Mr. BAXTErt, from the workmen of Messrs. James Couper and Sons, Glasgow, against the arrestment of wor imen's wages for debt; by Mr. OLnVErnA, signed by the mayor, vicar, magistrates, merciants, ironumasters, and other inhabitants of Dudley, praying for a reduction of the wine duty, alleging that several continental States have materially relaxed tho imnport duty upon their iron; by MIr. DEAsY, from the inhabitants of the parish of Carigtwohill, in the County of Cork, in favour of the Tenants Compensation Bill, also from the Poor Law guardians of Union of Westport, in the County of Mayo, against the 9th and 14th clauses of the Irish Poor Law Amendment Act, and praying that the law respecting the psyment of union officers in Ireland maay be assimilated to that of England - by Mr. E. D:suso-N, from Dewsbury and 41 other places, againstthe PoorLaw Bill No. 2.; byMr. H*A.BRuCE, from the,inhabitants of Aberdare, Glamorganshire, for the abolition of the existing testamentary jurisdiction, the transfer to the County Courts of the power to grant probates, and for securing the accountability of executors and adniinistrators ; by M&r. J. G. PUIILIMSORaE, from Br,con, Crickbowel, and Hay, praying for the trsnsfer of the ecclesiastic.a jurisdiction as to the property of'deceased persons to the County Courts; by 11r. C. VILLIERS (2), from inhabitants of WVolverbampton, against the College of Maynooth and all other endowments for religious purposes in Ireland; and by Mr. A. PELL,Trr, from the inhabitants of St. George's, Southwark, in favour of the Metropolis local Management Act Amendment Bill. OUR RELATIONS WITH THE LTNITED STATES. Mr. MOORE.-I wish to put a question to the noble lord at the head of the Governnnent with regard to the motion of 'which I have given notice. Some papers were laid on the table 10 or 12 days ago in reference to the American question, and a few days afterwards, in reply to an inquiry from the right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Oxford, the noble lord stated that he expected the answer of Her Majesty's Goyernmentto the last communication from the Government of the United States would be laid before the House in the course of the week. After the noble lord's statement, I at once consented to postpone my motion until we were in possession of that answer. Judging from the expressions which fell upon that occasion from the Home Secretary in upbraiding the right hon. baronet the member for Droitwich for anticipating the coming discussion, andfrom a gesture of the no'ole lord in reply, as I thought, to a question I had put, I supposed that the Government had consented that soine definite day should be faxed for the discussion upon the subject. Wge are now in possession of the papers to which I have referred, and it would certainly be convenient to the House that a definite date should be fixed without delay, but, as any day I could name must necessarily be uncertain, I hope the noble lord wiU not think me importunate or unreasonable when I ask him to nanie some day next week. Under the circum. stances, the motion I shall submit will not be couched in the same terms as the one I have placed on the paper. Lord PA LEERSTON.-I hope the hon. gentleman wvill not think it is from any want of courtesy to him that I am obliged to say I cannot accede to his request. (Hear, hear.) Iamof opinion that, in the present state of our relations with the United States, it is not desirable-it would not be conducive to that settlement which, I am ure, it is the interest of both countries to bring about (hear, hear) that the matters now pending between the two countries should be made the subject of a discussion in this house(Criesof "Hear, hear," from the Opposition benches.) This opinion is, I think, shared by some hon. geiltlemen who do not agree in general policy with Her Majesty's Government (hear, hear), and I am therefore the more confirmedin thin'king it a right one. That being the case, I am sure the hon. gentleman wil excuse me for saying that I am unwilling, on the part of Her Majesty's Government, to assume any responsibility, direct or indirect, in regard to a discussion upon this question. I must therefore decline to ffi any day for its discussion, as by so doing I should, at all events, indirectly give my consent, on the part of the Goverainent, to the discussion taking place. (Hear.) Of course it is open to the hon. gentleman to make 'what arrangements he ple.ases. He must determine whether, under the circumstances, it is consistent with his public duty to bring on his motion, and if he should determine upon doing so the forms of the House afford him the same means of bringing it forward that they afford every other private member. (Wear, hear.) JITVE.N'ILE CRIJMDNLS. Mr. ABEL SMITH asked the Secretary for the Home Department whether he had any objection to state the amount which he was prepared to allow for the support of Juvenile criminals in certified reformatories before the 30th day of June, on which day the quarter sessions would assemble. Sir G. GaeEY said, it had been represented to him that 5s. a-veek vwas not a sufficient amount, but he had great difficuilty in fixing any particular amount, as there was a considerable difference in the sums required in different institutions. He hoped soon to make a recommendation on the subject, but was not prepared to do so at present. 3IILITARY EDUCATION. Colonel B1UCK asked the Under-Secretary for War where distinct and official infornation waS to be procured as to what amount of education was requisite for admission into the Royal Academy at Woolwicli, for admission into Sand. hurst, or for admission into tle Royal Artillery scervice 9 .Mr. PEEL said, information 'was to be obtained with regard to Sandhurst from the Adjutant-General, or from the Governor of Sandhsurst College; and vithl regard to the Royal Acadeimy at -Woolwicb, and the Royal Artillery, from the 'War Department, in Pall-mall. Colonel DUCK asked whether there would be any objection to publish the nature of the education reuired for admission into each branch of the military service ? Mr. PEEL w.as understood to say that he believed that it had been inade known to the public on several occasions. ENTRTY OF TIIE GUARDS L?TTO LONXDON. Mr. NOEL said, tle noble lord at the head of the Government had stated on Friday, in answer to the hon. member for Marlborough- (Ur. H. Baring), that on the entry of the Guards into the metropolis an opportunity would be afforded the inhiabitants of v elcoming them. The lion. member for Marlborough had since written a letter to Thze Ti)Ies, in which the object of his question was so clearly explained that he would read a portion of it to time House. The hon. member stated:- "Nothing could be further from my intention in asking I from the Government for a public entry for the Guards into London, on tileir return from the Crimea, than the idea of casting the renlotest slight upon other portions of thc army. The Guards compose the ordinary garrison of London; on their return to their usual and (in time of peace) accustomed quarters, it was natural that the people of London should be desirous of welcoming home those troops wlom they justly pri2e." (Cries of "Order.") He wished to ask the First Lord of the Treasury wvhether, as an early day would be fixed for the entry of the Guards into London, Her gajesty's Government would consider the propriety of bringing up other regimients which had ar-ived from the Crimea on that occasion, so that an opportunity might be afforded to the inlhabitants of the metropolis of welcoming portions of the artillery, cavalry, and infantry of the lire also, and of testifying the sense they entertained of the sos-vices rendered equally by tme whole army during the late war ? (HIear. bear.) Lord PALM ERSTON.-I can amssre the House that nothing can be further from the intentions of Her .Majesty, and of those whose duty it is to advisE Her Majesty, than to maake any distinction between the different portions of the troops who have performed such distin6uished ser-ices on tImc shores of the Bla^k Sea. (Cheers.) It would be 'xceedingly unjust to make any distinction of that kind, because every regiment did everytlling in the power of man to do under the circumstances in which it happened to be placed. (Hear, hear.) No greater compliment should therefore bepaid tothe Gutrds than to the regiments of the line, or the artillery, or the cavalry. (Rear, hear.) It is not with a view to any special ovation to any particular force that arrangements will be made for giving the inhabitants of the metropolis an opportunity of seeing that gallant regiment on its return from the scene of its glory, itit so h apens that the Guards are the natural garrison of London(hear, hear); they return to London in the ordinary course of duty. If there were any adequate necessityor occasion, a great assemblage of troops of different kinds-regiments of the line, of the artillery, and of the cavalry-mnight certainly be brought to London; althongl it would not be easy to find any space in which they conld be spread, as even Hyde Park would be too limited an area, Then there world be no accommodation for them, as there are no barracks in which they couild all he placed. (Hear, hear.) Unless, therefore, some great occasion really existed, we should not be justified in making an arraDgement such as that which nas been suggested, and I do not think any great occasion does exist. lor dajestyis, as she has7almvays been, most anxious to welcome in person everybranch of he., army on its return from the Crimea. tCheers.) Her And it was necewxy by an exhibition of this kind to con- - vey a great lesson to the most manufactaring comnmunityin the world. The consequence of the Great Exhibition of 1851, when it had experienced its immense success and its results were recognized, was that those who had undertaken it, fortified by public opinion, and supported by all statesmen of all parties who were cognizant of the condition of the country, arrived at the conclusion that some decisive measures ought to be taken by which an education in practical art and science should be given to our working classes, so that they might be enabled to maintain the ancient supremacy of their sklUl and defy the effects of that fearful competition which, if successful, would have proved so injurious tQ our wealth and our reputation. (Hear.) It was felt tobe necessary, therefore, to establish a great institution of art and science in this country, in spite of prejudice sO streng and obstacles so formidable, that they could never have been overcome unless those who undertook this difficult task had been animated by a sense of duty which they couldnot?esist. Let theHouse only consider whathasalready been achieved under this head. I can assure hon. gentlemen, who may think that I am straying from the question, that they will find these toDics intimately connected with the proposition more imediately before the House. Before the year of the Great Exhibition you certainly had a partial system of education in uractical art in this country, but it was very limited in its character and very slight in its resources. You had 20 local schools of design in a certain degree dependent on a central authority. That was the foundation you had to build upon, and on this basis since the Exhibition of 1851 you have established a metropolitan school of practical art, an invaluable museum of practicalart, and 700 local and parochial schools of practical art in connexion with the metropolitan school. As far as practical science is concerned you*had nothing to build- upon. You have now, however, iu London, a school and museUnm of practical science, and you are estblishing correspondinginstitutionsin every part of England. You wanted spaceforthese establishments. Hon. gentlemen talk with great coolness about sites. They are ready to vote the public money, and wisely so, to encourage scientific collections; but let the House of Commons night after night vote what funds it may, it will produce no effect while you have no buildings in which to place those collections. The truth is, that until this moment you have never had the space offered you on which the required building could be erected. You have, indeed, buildings and schools in obscure streets and disadvantageous situations-none of them aggregated, but all scattered about-one in one place, and another in another-and .the whole roducing the smallest possible result at the Largest cost. the idea was therefore formed that you should obtain the first i indispensable requisite for imparting a complete education in practical science and practical art to the workmen of England-viz., the space on which the necessary buildings should be collected together (hear, hear); and that there you should concentrate the various museums and schools now dispersed throughout the metropolis. An hongentleman talked of destroying Marlborough-house. In that establishment you have now a school and museum of art in which the men are educated who are to be the future teachers of England, and from which-as from a metropolitan centre-accomplished and capable instructors are sent to the chief seats of our manufacturing industry. In another situation you have a schoolof science-aplaceby no means adequate to the occasion, in which experiments in agriculture are made by men who have produced, and will continue to prodnee, the greatest effects upon that important branch of industry. It was thought advisable that some attempt should be made to bring all these museums and schools together, in order that it might be understood that a great though gradual change in the condition of the country was at last recognized by its rulers, and that it might be seen that practical science and practical art are, to the working community of these kingdoms, quite as important as those political and civil rights which we have so long enjoyed and which we so highly prize. (Hear, hear.) Now, I ask the House how is this to be done? How are you to produce an effect upon the opinion of a nation, if you admit practical art and science to be most valualbde necessities unless you placa them in such a position that their importance must bo recognized by the country? You have placed your political institutions and your great officers of State in buildings which show to the country that you have at last recognized their paramount importance; and, when you can place your museums and your schools of praCtical art and science upon this great site (f oO or 90 acres, if you resolve that the raw material shall no longer be an abstraction to the people of this country, but that it shall be seen in all its forms in your museumsif you determine that your working men shall have opportunities of instruction in those processes which will era'ile them. to invent colours-in which they are now surpassed by foreign artists-I ask you why such a position should not be assigned to the gallery of galleries, the National Gallery? When you are seeking to educate a nation in art, and when you have such a site at your command, why should not the National Gallery of the people be one of the crowmnig oemaments of this country? There is nothing more falacious, nothing more shortsighted-nay, I will say there is nothing| more mean and sordid, than to suppose that you can raise and refine the taste of a peeple by second-rate models and by second-rate means. Her Majesty's Ministers have recommended that in the place to which in time you will attract all the sympathies, the curiosity, and the conscious pride of the community, you should also raise your National Gallery, and I am of opinion that that is a wise and proper recommendation. I should entertain the same opinion if there were - sites that could be placed in competition with it;* but as no more eligible position can be suggested, and as this magnificent site is available, I think it most desirable that amid your museums and schools of science and art you should raise, as a crowning and consecrated ornament of the scene, the Gallery of the Nation. (Hear, hear.) I believe youwould thus produce an immense effect upon the public mind; that you would raise and refine thetaste of the country;that youwould give an impulse to the national spirit that would enable our artisans to meet successfully the competition they have to encounter; and, above all, that, you would add weight to the central authority which must regulate and guide al the local schools of design. (Hear, hear.) These are considerations which I think we ought to bear in mind ; and when we are told, as we were told to-night, by the noble lord that the National Gallery is to be distinguished from what he sneeringly caled the industrial scheme of the Royal Com- I missioners- Lord ELCHO.-I beg pardon for interrupting the right hon. gentleman. I totally deny having sneered at what he is pleased to caUl the industrial scheme. Mr. DISRAELIL-Well, at what the noble lord, without I a sneer (laughter), styled the industrial scheme of the Royal Commissioners-I would take theliberty of impressing un I the noble lord and upon the House that, in a full and fair | development of that industrial scheme-namely, the com-' plete education of the people of this country in practical art and science-are involved the fature wealth and wetfare of this great community. (Cheers.) Lord PALMERSTOlT.-Some subjects have been ad- J verted to in the course of this debate which I wish the House to keep entirely out of their consideration in the vote they are about to give. We have been told by some hon. gentlemen that this is the first step towards the expenditure of 1,000,000g.; and the question has beenargued as if the bill of Her Majesty's Government involved a large expenditure i of money. The object of that bill, which is realy and Substantially the topic now under discussion, is, however, ! to enable the public to receive a present. (Hear, hear.) Other hon. gentlemen have argued that this is a question of taste, that we ought not precipitately to adopt a plan which may lead us to imitate errors that have previously been committed, and that the Housa ought to pause before it assents to the proposition of the Government. But the House is not caled upon to adopt any plan ; on the contrary, all we propose is, that the House should accept a site for a building that may bo erected at some future time ; but what shall be the form or the extent of that building, what shall be its ornaments or its arrangements, or what shall be the expense of its construction, must be the subjects of subsequent deliberation in this house; and the House wil not pledge itself upon any one of these topics byadopting the billwhich has been introducedby the Government. When we are told that former transactions with reference to public buildings justify my noble friend in recommending another commission of in quiry; and when we are told, as we have been, that we ought to take warning from the example of the edifice in which we are now assembled, I would remind hon. gentlemen that this great building was the result of commissions and committees. (Laughter.) I think, therefore, that the multiplication of commissions is not a very happyremedyfor the evils my noble friend desires to avoid. (" Hear," and laughter.) The starting point from which we ought to proceed has been accurately described by the right hon. gentleman who has just sat down. It is simply this :-Is it fitting that we should continue to lodge the national collection of pictures in the building in which they are now contained? (Hear.) Why, Sir, Ithink no man who refects upon the subiject would entertain that opinion. The present building is objectionable on account of its situatio ; it is too small even for the collection of pictures we posess it. cannot be extended in such a manier as to afford. =4commodation for pictures whichmay either be purchased oi accepted as gifts; and, as has been iveU pointed out by the right hon.memnber for Buckinghamshire, not only have we lost most valuable coUections, which might have been the property of the nation if a fitting place had been provided for their reception, but we have now coUections which have been given to the countiy which it is impossible to exhibit because our gaUery is not sufficiently capacious for the purpose. An hon. gentleman-I think the hon. member for North Warwickshire-suggested that the National Gallery might be enlarged by turning out the exhibition of the Royal Academy. Mr . Spooner was understood to exDress his dissent, amid Iend laughter.] I am glad my hon. friend has not proved himself to be a Vandal by encouraging such a proposition (renewed laughter); for I think any one who made. a suggestion of that nature would really deserve that application of the term whicih the right hon. member for Buckinghamshire has endeavouredto explain away. {Laughter.) Is it no national object tha . we should have a proper place in which the Royal Academy may exhibit the annual productions of the art and genius of this country? Is it no national object that that place should be largo enough to receive all the contributions that deserve tobe so exhibited ? (Hear, hear.) Why, at the present time about 1,700 pictures are annually refused admission to the Royal Academy because there is not space enough for their exhibition. I may be told that many of these pictures are not deserving of admission, but there are many of them also wnich possess great merit, and which would, I believe, attract public admiration. All other national exhibitions afford accommodation for the productions of artists of foreign countries, but from our exhibition the works of any but native artists are almost entirely excluded. Here and there wo see by accident the picture of a foreign artist, but is it not desirable that otur exhi- bition should afford room for the works of foreign artists, which may come into competition with those of our own countrymen? Who that has ever gone into the dungeon in which sculpture is exhibited in our Wational Galery does not blush for his country? ("Hear," and laughter.) There you have works of genius so crowded together, Io imauges upon the boards of Ialiuans in the street (laughter), that schoolboys long for an opportunity of smashing them. (Renewed laughter.) I am sure any Englishman who has visited the galleries of art abroad, and who compares them with those of his own country, must be ashamed at the contrast, and must earnestly desire that better means should be provided for exhibiting the productions of modem Tenius aud the works of ancient masters. (Hear, hear.) Then I say that that National Gallery ought to be given up to the purposes of the Royal Academy for the study of art, for the display of modem works, and for those other objects to which they would apply it. (Hear.) But if we are to move our national collection of pictures from the place where they now are, where are they to go? My noble friend the member for Haddington (Lord Elcho), like Celebs in search of a wife, has wandered forth in search of a site to all the diffwent placeswhere hisimagination led him, and at last he met with a mirage which induced him to believe there was a swamp at the site now recommended. Why, that is as deceitful as the miragc which the traveller thinks he faLs in with as he passes over the sands of Egypt; there is no foundation whatever for the apprehension which haunts my noble friend. (A laugh). Let us examine the sites which he proposes. In number they are about a dozen or more. Those sites may be classed in three divisions. Some of them are liable to all the objections which apply to the present site; they are in the town and would be equally exposed with the present gallery to the smoke and dirt of London. What, for instance, should we gain by removing the gallery from one end of Pall-mall to the other? Then my noble friend comes to the parks and the palaces. He has offered to him a free gift in the site now- proposed-a site which the country has only to accept; but he is not contented with that; he refuses the gift, and says, "I am determined either to rob the public of those places of air and recreation which they at present possess, or I will take from the Crown the palaces which b.long to it." Now, I repudiate altogether those proposals. (Hear, hear.) I put out of the question the encroachments upon the parks, because I feel sure if any Government could be found which would advise the Crown to allow such encroachments, there would be a burst of public indignation which would prevent any scheme of the sort from being carried into execution. We all remember the violent opposition which has always been raised to any such encroachments upon places which are preserved for the use and erioymont of the people. Bult then we are told that a handsome buildmng might be erected wbich would be an ornament to the parkrs. No doubt such a building might be erected, but we are not taLiing about ornamenting the parks; our object .should rather be to consider how we are to preserve them for the purposes for which they are designed. With regard to the parks and Kensington-gardens, therefore, I put these sites altogether out of view. My noble friend in an easy, ood-humoured way talks of sweeping away St. James's Palace and Marlborough-house and sending the Prince of Wales to Burlington-house. Now, I think any man, whether he be prince, peer, or commoner, who had the good fortune to own M1arlborough-house would pause a long timo before accepting the transfer to Burlington-house. (Hear.) The two situations are by no means equally desirable, and yet my noble friend talks of sweeping away the Prince's future residence and erecting fanciful fabrics in its stead. He reminds me of the German baroness who was so fond of planting that she cut down wholo forests to enable her to gratify hertaste; or of the lady in the Arabian iYihts who was so anxious to exchange Aladdin's old lamp for a new one-there being this additional point of resemblance, that the exchange, so unprofitable to Aladdin, would also involve us in an enormous expenditure. There would be the compensation you would have to give the Crown for these existing buildings; there would be the expense of erecting fresh palaces and of the buildings you would erect on the sites thus obtained; and, in short, such a proposal seems to be altogether inadmissible. The real question which the House has to consider is, I take it, not whether the present National Gallery is to be removed, because I look upon that as a settled point (hear)-not whether a new National Gallery is to be erected in Hyde Park, Kensington-gardens, Pall-mall, or on the site of Marlborough-house, or St. James's. The real question is whether you wiU remove the National GaUery to the site novr proposed, or wvhether, contrary to the opinion of all those -whose opinion is entitled to consideration, you are determined to continue it in the inconvenient, insufficient, and, to works of art, dangerous building in which the national collection of pictures now is. Sir, the choice is between this ground or none. I see no other spot within reach of visitors who wish to see this collection; I see no other site but this to which it is possible to transfer the galery; and when my hon. friend the member for Newark (Mtr. G. H. Vernon) asks me whether the Government have deliberately considered this question, and, I think, rather made his vote depend upon the answer which may bh returned, I claim his vote uon that very ground, because the Government have deliberated upon the subject. (Hear.) After fulU consideration, I am prepared to say that we don't see our way to any other site for the National Gallery, and we do think it is not fitting either that the collections of pictures we. have, or those we may hereafter have, should continue in the building in which they are now placed. (He[ar.) I do therefore hope that the House will not be led away by the vivid imagination of my noble friend (Lord Eleho), or by the romantic march he has taken to a number of impossible and impracticable sites, hut that hon. members ill consider the real question at issue-namely, not whether we should determine to launch into that enormous expense in construction which has been alluded to as now awaiting decision-not whether we will adopt any particular plan, but whether we will accept a site which is of sufficient capacity to alow, of its application to aU those purposes for which it may hereafter be-required -a site which the country may receive at present without any further expense, and as to which, when accepted, Parliament remains perfectly free to determine to what purposes it shall be applied, to what extent buildings shall be constructed, what shaU be their form and character, and what shaU be the expense incurred in carrying out these desirable objects. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LOCKE did not pretend to say that he had formed a very strong opinion in favour of Kensington Palace as against Rensington-gore, because he thought there were circumstances connected with the removal of the pictures from Charing-cross to one or other of these sites which must first of aU be taken into consideration. (Hear.) It was not for him to say whether it had been satisfactorily established that pictures had deteriorated in the present building, and that therefore they must necessarily be removed from their present situation ; but he would remark that those who made this proposition for the removal of the galery to Kensington-gore did not seem to remember that that site must become graduaUy as fitted for building on as others. In a few years there would probably not be a piece of vacant ground between the site now fixed on and the river at Chelsea; and was it, then, worth while tolremove these pictures to Kensing,ton-gore, owing to an alleged deterioration from their continuance in town,-a point which he confessed, notwithstanding all that had been said on the subject, he was not yet prepared to look upon as established? (Hear, hear.) Bunt thoughhe had not a very decided opinion as between the two sites he had referred to, he confessed he thought that in the course which was originally traced out by the right lon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Disraeli) they had laid the foundation for mischief of which they had not yet seen the end. (Hear.) He believed, moreor-er, that that foundation had been laid upon false premises. Having studied the character of his countrymen, and had the opportunity of comparing their works with those of foreigners, he confessed that he had not come to the conclusion that it was necessary to treat a workman as a child, and to adopt for his benefit that centralizing system which the right hon. gentlemen seemed to have in his mind. He had himself in the year 1852 stated that he did not agree in the low estimate that had been formed of the chlaracter of Englishmen by some hon. gentlemen opposite, nor that the perfection of mechanical skldl was due to the Governmental schools. He had a great faith in the individual energy of the country, and if they established central schools they wouldlessentheindividualexertion which had been the mainstay of themechanicalindustry of the country. He had no objection to grants of money for buildings for the exhibition of our excellent works of art; but if it were intended to introduce central schools by which degrees were to be established, so that individuals out of the pale of these schools might be marked (he alluded to the centralzing system in France, where the Ecole Polytechnique had been established, ouit of which thero was no opportunity for any individual, howover great his merit), he felt bound to raise his voice .the moment the question was initroduced; and the riight hon. gentleman the member for Bucking:hamshire, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, said that he (i1ir. Locke) had made a startling assertion, for which there was not the slightest foundation, to raise an argument against this vote. He could assure the hon. gentleman he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) had heard, for the first time, the statement respecting this scheme, and he could say with perfect confidence that it was an assertion for which there was not the slightest imaginable foundation. The speech of the right hon. gentleman that evening had been enough to justify the statement which he had made in 1852, and to show that something was impending which Parliament ought not to permit, and against which he wished to enter his protest. Lord ELCHO much regretted that he had no right of reply, because nearly everything which- he. had stated had been misrepresented by the opponents of-his .notion.. He had not proposed that the geological collection should be given to the Zoological Society, but that it should be placed somew here near the gardens of the society; nor had he stated that 13 commissions or committees had been appointed on the subject of the NTational Gallery. He had not wished to convey to the House that he was opposed to what the right hon. gentleman called the industrial scheme, hut he had endeavoured to draw a distinction between a scheme which had been supported by the late MIr. Hume, and that which the right hon. gentleman called a National Gallery of the people * and he considered that the subject involved a much larger question than the mere choice of a site. Mr. DISRAEIJ wvished to explain that the statement quoted by the hon. gentleman had reference to schools of art and sciene, which were included in the misceclaneons estimate, for which the hon. gentleman voted. The House then divided, and the numbers were:- For Lord Elcho's motion - ... a . -153 Against-.. .. .. .. .. ..145 -8 The announcement of the numbers was received with loud cheers. Mr. WALPOLE asked whether, as tie numbers were so equally balanced inthe division which had just taken place, it would not be a good opportunity for adopting the suggestion thrown out the other evening by tho right hon. member for Carlisle, that addresses to the Crown should be referred to a committee to he prepared, by which means the opinion of the Honse could again betaken on them? (Cries Lord PALPOEPSTON said that he he thoughtthe propo- lefore Parliament, called the National Gallery Site Bill, the lfouse were cal2ed upouxto afm the proposition that the site ef the National Gallery should be fLxed at Kensington-gore. Nowhe wasrotprepared, audnianyother hon. gentlemen were not prepared, to vote apon that proposition one way or the other. He had given notice of the present motion because lie thought the question would be more properly brought 'before the House in that form than by the bill; and he had to thank the noble lord at the head of the Government for the courtesy with which he had postponed the second readrng of the bill until the motion had been disposed of. The motion naturaUy divided itself into two parts, as it raised the questions, first, whether a Royal Commission should be issued to determine the site of the National GaUery, and, secondly, whether that Royal Commission, if issued, should likewise consider the desirableness of combining with the National Gallery the fine art and archieological collections of the British Museum? The question as to the site was a very eimpleone-wcretheHouseprepared,without any furtherinquiry, to vote for the removal of theNational Galleryto Kensington-gore. Hle was not prepared so to vote. (Hear.) One reason wvhy delay was imperative was the great difference of opinion upon the quesiton which existed both in 7nd out of the house. Some gentlemen were anmious at all price, at all hazard, to remove the National Gallery to Kensington-gore; others thought that, of all situations which could be selected for a National Gallery, Keensingtona gore was the worst ; others, again, said that if Kensington. gore was the only alternative its removal there might perhaps be desirable; and that was the view taken by the committee of --53 ; another class thought that from the commandir and central position which the National GaUery now occupied it ought not to be remnoved. Various argnments would no doubt be brought against his motion by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He had heard it 3rgned in the first place, that P'arliament was committed to the Fite of Kensington-gore by the vote of 150,0001. for the purch ase of the ground ,whichhbadbeen movedby th e right len, gentleman opposite (r. Disraeli), w;hen Chancellor of the E xchequer; in the second place, it vwas asked vhat was theuse of further inquiry when there had been conumissions -nud committees without end? (Hear, hear.) Thirdly, it -was said that the committee of 1853 had determined upon accepting the site of Kensington-gore by a resolution embodiedintheirreport. With regardto thefirstobjection, havig locarefullylooked through all the discussions which had taken place on the subject, he thought that Parliament was in no way comimaitted upon the question of the site. When the right hon. gentleman (Mr Disraeli) in an able speech explained his scheme, although he shade-wed forth a .-National Gallery as one of thepurposes to which the ground might he put nothing specific was determined. On that occcasion the late Mr. Hune objected to the removal of the iNational Gallery froni its present central position, although he cordiallv approved the industrial scheme proposed tobecarried out at Ken.sington-gore. He (Lord Elcbo) nmust here disclaiun any intention to interfere with the industrial scheme proposed by the Royal Commission, of which Prince Albert was the able and active he-ad, a scheme proposed in consequence of the deficiency of this country in the arts of design as applied to manufactures. (tiear, hear.) The hon. member for V.arwickshire, as lvel as Mrx liume, raised bis voice on the eccasion to which he had referred against the removal of the National Gallery, so that nothing had then passed to comu;it the House. In 1S54 the questionvas again brought before Parliamuent, as it was found that 27,:5001. beyond the sum already voted wvaa required, and then a hon. friend of his, now on the Treasury bench, whose vote he was afraid would not now be given to him, but whose sympathies he knew- were vitli hini (a lauggh), he meant the hon. mlmber for Poole (Mr. Danby Seymour) objected to money being voted for the removal of the National Gallery, and -aid, bedistinctly reiuesibered that no pledge had been niven en t.hepart of the louse that it should be removed. WVith regard to the second objection he had rnentioned, he -ertainly adm.itted that a number of inquiries had taken place, for there had been no less than two commsissions tappointed by the Treasury) anud five cosismittees. The commissason of IS.) inrquired into the state of the pictures; 2nd reconrnendeel, i consequence ofthe dustand dirt accumuldated en them, tbat they should he covered with glass. The eouiiniesson of lE51, of which the present Duke of Son;ernet was a mieniber, reported in favour of one of tv o sites in Kensington-garlens - oe, the end of the -walk near the Ba5swater-road; the other, the p-dd"ok, near Kensington Palace. The first committee was appoiinted in 1836, ard only considered the question of the ccupation uf lart of the building by the Royal Academy. There had always been somjething unfortv:nate about the National Gallery, it had been a ricketty child from its birth (a laugh), for no sooner was it erected than a question arose as to its occupation, and a great part of it ha'd al.vas be n occupied by the Royal Academy. The next committee, whvich sat in1S41, merely inquired into the number of visitors to the gallery. The committee of 1850, antlt.ough they thought the site not as advantageous as it n;ight be for the freservation of tha pictures, could make .o recommerudatiou on the subject in ignorance of the site to w}leh it was proposed to be renioved. In 1847 and lS4S s ccnsniittee sat, of ^shichthe late Sir Ir. Peel, Lord Carlisle, the noble lord the member for London, and other distingidAed n;en were lenibers, and they came to the unanimous decision tlat the \.ational Gallery ought not to be removed from its pTeseit site. The last committee sat in 1853. Ihe result of these iniquilies -was not conclusive or satisfactory. Inded, the reports en the subject -were most contradictory. Hle now- came to the comunuittee of 18-53, and he imagined that it was to carry out the viewis of that coIIIn ittce that the. Govermnent non- proposed to remlove th-e K;ationsi Gallery to liensington-gore. He was quite ready toI admit that that ce,mmittec came to a resolution accepting the site- of Kcrnsington-gore for the National Gallery, but it was nmerely on the idea that tlhere was no other alternative, and the resolution to that effect was only carried by a majority of one. A paragraph inserted in the relprt for removing the INation,al Gallery to K:ensington-gore was, undoubtedly, carried by six to tlhree, but if the substantive nmotion had not been carrIed by a majority of one the conimittee wonld not have affirmed the acceptance of the site. He wvas in the miinority, and lhel was supuorted by the hon. n3emlier for the UIniversity of Dublin, who was the financial s crLtary of the right hon. gentleman opposite at the time hI;cr.tLe decision was arrived at. He was also supported in the nirority by the late Sir. W. Molesworth, and he thought that all that he had stated showed thatthe opinion of the con.rsittee on this subject was anytiling but unaniIines, and that too much weight must not be attached to a decision accepting the Kensington-gore site as the only alterrative. The chairman of the committee on the vccas-on was Colonel Mluir, and there was no doubt that if he had had occasion to give a casting v-ote on the subject he would have voted against the Kensingtongore site, for he drew up a draught report condemning it. rle therefore could not help thinking that the case of those who based their viens in favour of the removal of the 'National Gal'lery to Kensington on the report of that committee was not very strongly supported. The committee, lie repeated, adopted Kensington-gore site beca-use tliey believed there was no other alternativ-e, but if lion. members leoo;ed over the Parliamentary papers and documents they wvould find that not less than 13 other sites w-ere suggested as available or desirable for the Ntational Gallery. It was not, therefore, on the supposed want of alternatives that the House vwas obliged to adopt the proposed site. These were the reasons which incduced hins to desire that there should be some further inquiry to determine the site of the new National Gallery. But be:ides this there was a larger and wider question, to which he should shortlv call the attentior. of the House-namely, whether it would not be desirable to combine wvith the new National Gallery the finc art and archbaological collections of the British Museum. This subject had frequently engaged the attention of Pariament, and it would, no doubt, be in the recollection of the noble member for London, who moved the vote for the British Mluseum, that the questioni as to what should be done with the collections in the British 3Musemni was more or less brought before the House. The Tight hon. gentleman opposite, formerly Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave what wi-s a truie acconlt of the origin of I time difficulties connected with the collections in the M1useum. Since those coUections, formed by Sir Hans Sloane, came into the possession of the nation continual additionis lied beens masle to them, until the MIuseurn had become a perfect iNoah's ark, containing birds, beasts, fLhes, and other things, arranged without system, while cach department a ppeared to be in a state of chronic conaestion. He was told that two cases which had arrived from Edinburgh must remain in the cellars along with a hundred others, and that when a new bull came from Nineveh a stable was obliged to be built for it in some out-of-the-way place. W.-ith regard to books, however, lie w as told by M. Ianizzi that in consequence of the vote of 110,000!. for a new reading-room there was space for 1,500,000 volumes. The committee of 1853 were in favour of combining with the new National Gallery, the Fine art and areh-cological collections of the British Museum. If the collections were to be moved, they must be nioved as a whole. Vhen the question came before the commssittee of 1S53 he had hesitated to give an opinion u, on it, and lie had moved to recommend the appointment of a commission on the subject. The 11th resohution of the committee was to this effect. He was happy to say that in this proposition for the appointment of a conmnission he bad the concurrence of Lord Ellesmere, whose opinion on these subjects was entitled to thme greatest weight. The question of site denended not only upon whether it should be delermined to cembine our collections, but on the manner in which that was to be carried out; wvhether it was to be done in a handsome man- ner,worihy of the arts, orwhether it wasto bedone economi- -ally. It might be done in such a manner, however, as to L-eep both considerations in view. He had had considerable delicacy in mentioning Kensington Palace as a site, because that was a Royal residence, and he spoke in utter ignorance of the intentions of Her Majesty with regard to it. It must be remembered, however, that the gardens of Kensington Palace were now open to the public, and the privacy of the palace as a Royal residence was therefore destroyed. Still, if it were deternimned to erect on that site a palace worthy of the arts it would not preclude Her Majesty, or any future Sovereign wiso might feel so disposed, from erecting a Royal residence in close connexion with the gallery. This was the case in Paris, in Berlin, and in Florence; and there would be this great advantage, that on State occasions the two iight be thrown together, as was done with the Tuileries and the Louvre Gallery, so as to forns one magnificent suite of rooms. If Her Majesty should consent to such a sacrifice as giving up Kensington Palace for the benefit of the public, sure he aas that Parliament and the country w ould be ready to offer any equivalent which HerMajesty at any future time mieht desire. Another way in which it had been suggested that this combination could be carried out was to give Burlin-ton-house to the Prince of Wales. to clear away St. James's Palace and Marlborough-house, which would give a frontage of 1,100 feet, and there to erect a National Gallery in connexion with a newv suite of Rloyal reception-rooms, which were very niuch needed. Another site was that of Kensington-gore, -where, although there was ample room in the lower part of the ground, te Majesty has seen and inspected every arm of the service, _=cost every detachment that has returned (cheers) with. in any reasonable reach of her residence, and sae will undoubtedly see at Aldershott all the regiments which are destined to take up their quarters there. (Cheers.) 1 am afraid it will not be possible to gratify the inhabitants of the metropolis bylringng the bulk of the Crimean troops-to London merely for the purpose of being exhibited to them; but Aldershott is at no great distance, theaccess to it is easy, and there will be ample opportunity for those who take an interest in the matter, and whose means enable them to go, to be present when Her Majesty welcomes at Aldershott the troops of the line, and at Woolwich the artillery, on their return from the Crimea. (Hear, hear.) LEGION OF HONOUR. Mr. IL BARING asked the Under-Secretary for War why the insignia of the Legion of Honour had not been dis. tributed to those officers of the Ciimean army who had been long since selected by General Codrington for that decoration ? nr. PEEL said, a selection of the men beionging to the British aRy who were to receive the decorntion had been m ide; and as soon as the Imperinal decree containing their nomination appeared, and the insignia had been received from the French Government, steps wrould be taken fortheir distribution. APPELLATE JURISDICTION. On the motion that the House, at ito riing, do adjourn till maonday, mr.e R. CURRIE rose to pat a question to the noble lord at the head of the Government, which he said required a few words of explanation. He wished to obitain a decided and explicit answer as to the course which the Government proposed to purbye with respect to the fppellate Jwrisdiction Bill-a measure as inmportant as any dealing with domestic legisLation that could occupy the attention of the House. The bill in question proposed to deal with the power, orgalzation, acmd constitstion of the digh Court of ppeal. That wmas its ostensible object, but it also by innuendo dealt mnost effectiv-ely with the prerogative of the Crown, and dcstinctly ihuited it. bwe, as a friend of the Government-and the noble lord knew that that was not a mere expression (a laugh)-he wished to tell the noble lord what had been said about this bill very gonergly,though he knew notion what grounds. The pube and many members of that eouse had been led to consider that the bill was the result of a comprmnise which ho would notproceed to eharacterize, because e disliked using hard words. (Laughter.) It was, moreover, said that, asuthe bill was the result of a compromise, it was to bo carried by a coalition. It was very generally irmoured that the noble lord who so ably conducted the opposition in another plac had called his folowers together, and most energeticauly impressed on them the necessity of carrying this measre, and tle necessity, consequently, of remaining in London dusring the weather they were now suffering under. (Laughter.) In fact, the noble lord was understood to have stated that the measure was one in which he teok not only a political, but a deep per! sonalirterest. (Hear, hear.) On the other hand, itwas equally generally stated that the Government was bound, in some way-hon, it was not for him to say-but bound in a manner fromuwhich hlsey could not escape, to pass this measure. He uerely mentioned these as rumours whichihad come to his cars, hut as a member of Parliament who, though seldom obtruding hiwsitf on the otice of the House, had yet a Parliamentary experience of something like 20 years, he could not but feel, perceiving some very an kward signs on the horizon, certain suspicions, from the indefnite delay of the discussion of this imuortant subject, that there might e some intention in some quarter, after all the supplies were voted, and when it Was all but impossible to retain indepnendet members, wearied and jaded with the labours of the session, any longer in London, that this important mesure shouldbe.he would not say smuggled,bntrasn,,,eathreugh the house. When he had muentioned this suspicion to some members connected with the Government he had received the pithy admonition that it was no use to opposete bill, for, let it be talked against as much as possible, it mnust pass. He would not believe that the noble lord at the head of the Goverument mneditated the adoption of any course of that kind. The noble lord had received from the House a generous support, and knew well that if he acted frankly, fairly, and fearlessly in that house, as no doubt the noble lord intended to do, he would be the most siaduential and popular, as tuLquestionably he was the ablest Minister the crowa had ever employed. He wished now to know whether the Government adopted the bill respecting appellate jurisdiction which had coine down from the House of Lords. He hopedthey did not, but if they did adopt it, he would also inquire whether they meditated the passing such an important measure, and pressing it through the Houseminsthe middle of July. If so, he cleduponithe noble lord to Dix positively an early day when it might receive a full and f.ir discussion. (Hiear, hear.) Lord PeLniERSTON.-There is no doubt that the subject to which my hon. friend has drawn the attention of tbe House is one of great importance. My t hon. friend calls the measure a coupromnise. Now, alos all measures passed in Parliament are, in one sense at least, compromises, because they are the result of constictinga opinions, mhichleadat a to the p adoption of a measure neither entirely in accordance h ith the opinions of those who proposed or those who opposed the original measure, I do not mean to say that this bill, in the shape in which it at present stands, is exactly according to the views which the Government, if they had entire power to deal with these things, and had not onsidered that they are the Ministers of a constitutional Government, might have proposed. It is, however, of the utmost importance that the appellate jurisdiction of the Honse of Lords should as speedily as possible be placed on an efficient footing. (Hear, hear.) It is not so placed at present, and this measure did receie the concurrence of those members of the Government ho are members of the House of Lords. I therefore do intend, when the menasure is discussed in thsa house, to give it a the support which I can as a member of the Government, and I should undoabtedly he very glad if the assertion of my hon. friend should be verified, and that in doing so I shall also receive the support of those who are generally opposed to the Governmoent. I certainly think that the measur is one of extreme inmportauce, and I do not believe that the appellate jurisdiction of the Hlouse of Lords can, with advantage to the public interest, remain in its preseint (perfect state. I therefore accept this measure forthe purpose of placing it on a morepettcient footing. With respect to the day on which it should be discussed at is certainiy desirable that an early period should he tixed. There are, however, other deasmes of importance which wnll have to ro up to the House of Lords, and which must therefore in some degree naturally have a preferenace in respect to he thime of discussion, hut no improper delay shall be allowed to intervene before the discussion of the bwi in question. (Hear, heir. ) Mr. DISR c Ei L-I think it of great inportance that on a subject of this nature there should he no mistake wllattver as to the circunSatagces under which a bill of this great interest is about to be introduced to our notice. It is dwnecessary for me to say-but, if I w ere, I should only express the feelings of every gentleman present-that the subject to which this bill refers isoncof paradount importance (hear, hear); and no one is more deepl.y inlprssed with that conviction than myself. When the bill is broug,ht before the Pouse I shall certainly vote for the secand readinv because I conceive that it is absolutely necessary that the House should consider the constitution of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords, having an opportunity in the after siazes of the hill to discuss the details proposed to be adopted according to the bill which has comne down from the other house. I do not intend tO address the Honae either in reference to the principle or details of the bill on the present occasion, hut I think that the extraordinary question put by the hon. gentleman vwho commenced this conversation, and the anssver of '.he noble lord, are calculated to plate the louse in an ambiguous, equivocal, and uonsatisfactory position. The noble lord tells you that this ball is the result of a onpro and coipromise is the spirit of our constitution. I am not prepared in any way to denmur against those abstract principlles of the n oble lord; but in pracetice we cannot he influenced by dogmas of this gener.al ap.plication. In Panrliamnentary prasticewvre must hold those responrsible for a measure who introduce it. I understand that this is a mzeasure of the Govxernment. I understanld 'that it wvas inltroduced into the Hlouse of Lords by one w;itha the highlest authority on sueh subjects (hear, hear) ; andl whncl we are c.alled on to consider it here I must regard it as a measure of the Government. (HIear, hear.) I therefore cannot understand the noble lord so to admit thme Holuse of -Commons behind the scenes of legislation (a laugh), and to sta, t that they h a a sure wliiel ftlelr consideor a olrnieadththtis-e spirit of the constitution. I hold that the Government have adopced the measure, which, on ithe w.hole, thev regard as most salutary for the public interests. I should be very sorry if the measure did not receive the most ample discussion. It M ould, indeed, be very injurious to the puiblic interests not only if the measure were to be " smuggled," but even, to use the hon. gentleman's phrase, if it weretobe "iamised" through this house. (gear, hear.) Allowme, however,toremind thehon.gentleman, who is so plaintive on the sufferings of jaded representatives, who are at the Eame time "independent members" and " sincere frields of Her Majesty's Government" (laughter), that there is a vcry casy remedy for the inconvenience which lh deplores. The constitution can neverbe more safely guarded thanwhen independent members who are friendly to the Governnment remain at their posts. (Henr, hear.) The fatigues of this session have not hitherto boen so exceedingly oppressive that the nerves of hon. members, even of the inost independent frame of mind and the most friendly sentiments towards the Ministry, nced be so jaded that they cannot remain at their posts, this being only the month of J-ine; and, whatever mav be the excursion which the hon. gentleman contemplates (laughter), I shaU hold him and the class of fatiguede members whoni he represents responsible to their constituents if they are not hereto argue this question upon its merits. (EHear, hear.) Lord PALBIERSTON.-The right hon. gentleman has entirely mistaken the import of what I said just now. He seems to imagine that I was letting the House into the secret of this bill.; that I was revealing to them something which had passed behind the scones. Bat I only referredto those scenes wiich had been played upon the stage-acted, indeed. as one may say, up to the very lamps. (Laughter.) I referred to those very active and animated debates in the House of Lords -which have resulted in the measure which has come down to us. Undoubtedly, in proposing this meas.?c to the House, I propose it pg ; measure which tho frontage was somewhat restricted, and where no one who bad given attention to this matter believed that there cou'd be erected a buildig. which wopld be an ornament to the metropolis. Imumediately in front of this site there were two parallel dusty road.; and the low ground behind looked towards BromptonL aind parts of London little frequented except by those who wer-' in the habit of going to Cremorme Gardens. There was one plan by which the proposed combination might be satisfactorily and economically carried out. He had already referred to the crowded state of the British Museum. If you sent the botanical collection toXew, that of zoology to the Zoological Gardens, and the minerals and fossils to Burlington-gardens, where it woulld be at the back of the learned s cieties, which were, ihe understood, to he lodged in Burlington-house. aud in the immediate neighbourhood of the Geological Museum in Jermyn-street, there would then be in the British MIuseumthree sides of the quadrangle for the reception of patings and sculpture, a space greater than this country was at all likelv to req,uire. It would be lesirable. in order that all these questions might be set at rest, that there should be a commission to inquire. If thatt commission should report against the desirableness of comibining the various collections, he for one should be opposed to the removal of the National Gallery from its present site. (REear, hear.) A great deal had been said of the extent to which the pictures in that collection suffered from dirt and dust; but in that respect they were no worse off than were the various private collections in the heart of London, such as those of the Duke of Northumberland, Lord Ellesinere, Lord Westminster, the late Mr. Rogers, Mr. Hope, and various others. Ile believed that the pictures might to a great extent be protected against these evils by improved ventilation, by the use of doors to check the entrance of dust, which had only lately been introduced into the National Gallery-and wvhich, when ho went there the other day, he found carefully tied open-and by covering the pictures with glass. Be was himself one of the majority of ten to one which voted for the removal of the National Gallery ; but he voted for that removal only with a view to the combination of the collections, such as was to bo found at St. Petersburg, Berlin, Naples, Florence, and other continental cities. If that scheme were not carried out, he sbould be very iuclh tempted to keep the National Gallery where it was. The committee of 1847 and 143 said in their report, which wvas drawvn up by Lord Carlisle, the chairmian:- " After careful deliberation, they unanimously concurred in the opinion, that, taking into account the commanding nature of the site occupied by the present building, to which it would, perhaps, he difficult to find a parallel in our own or any other capital ; its accessibility and nearness to the chief thoroughfares and centres of business, which are fed by what has been described in a well-known phrase as 'the fullest tide of humtan existence i' the aids to economy which, without sacrificing the beauty of effect which a new front and additional height may confer on the structure, would be furnished by the rare circutnstance of only one ornamental front being rendered necessary from the disposition of the ground, and by the means which are at fand for making use of the whole of the present interior, due regard being paid to the convenience of the P.oyal Academy in procuring suitable accoistmodation elsewhere, the space for further enlargenient which, iu the process of time, and con.currently with the exiigencies of the collection mighlt he supplied by oecupyin~ the uncovered ground now in the occupation of public cstablishmients in the rear of the present buildings; for all these reasons your committee would recommend that wvhenever it is undertaken the enlarged and improved National Gallery should be on the Same site as at present." Atnothler point on which it was essential that the Hiouse should be informed was, wvhat were the intentions of the Government as to disposing of the present lationalGallery, .and as to the accommodation of the Rtoyal Academy. If that society wvere to be lsornlaiieflly lodged at the national expense, it liecanle a questioni wherher there ought not to be an inquiry how far it fulfilled the objects for which it was establi.shed, and a decision ought to he come to as towbiether it should be aself-clected or a representative body, orwhether its memibers sho;uld he nomuinated by the Crown. He nas convinced that the best wvay of dedwino w ith this question would be by the issue of a Royal omulmission; but at least he hoped that the Rouse w.ould not assent to the bill furn;markingz out the site of the National Gallery, which was the next order on the paper. Either that biU was premature, or there was somethling behind it of which the House was not aware. (HIear, hear.) Unless the Governmnent had plans and everything ready they could not mark oult the site, and if they had such plans lirepared the Hlouse ougoht to see themu. In reference to the production of plans heconfidently anticipated the support of the right hon. gentieman opposite (Mr. Disraeli, wrho, mn supporting the vote of 150,000. for the purchase of the loand, said that all further plans nmst be sumibinittl to the Elouse, which would not, he w-as certain, con sent to the erectin of any uildghe without a very rigid scrutiny into all the arrangements, and wvithout taking care that all the talent of the country should be brought into competiti.on. AVith referenie to this publc cenipetition, lie (Lord RiCho) w.as of opinion that designs ought to be received from the whole civilized world, and that they ought to be publicly e.xhibited. If such a plan were pursued w e shouldd not be likely to niske such m.istakes as wve had hitherto done, and insstances of wvhich were to he found in the monument of the Dake of Wfellington, stanlding wvhere it wa s supposed no staltue could ever have stood; the front of Buckinoham Palace, which h.ad had to be painted over; the ln tional G;allery; and the fountains in Trafalgar-square, vwhich gave to foreigners the impression that these things could not he managed except under a Governnment having> somewhat of a despotic character. It hehoved the House to take care that in this instance no similar mistake shlould be muade. H e was not prepared to adu,it that the country wvhich had produlced a Rteynolds and a Wfren was wholly destitute of a taste for the fine arts, and he trusted that the Government would reFrain from comilng to any hasty decision on this matter by acceding to the motion wvhich lie ventured to submit to the Hlouse. (Hlear, hear.) Dhe snoble lord concluded byS moving,- " That an hlumble address be presented to HIer 3Lajesty, praying ller MSajesty to be graciously pleased to isse a R.oyal Com.mission to determ)ine the site of the new :National Gallery, anld to report on the desira¢bleness of cousbininv withi it the fine art and archieological collections of the British Mtuseum, in accordance vwith the recommendation of the select comimittee on the N.ational Gallery in 1853." MTr. id. MIlENES said that his noble friend had allowred his imagination to run wiild, and, indulging in every conceivable supposition, had sketched out a magnificent edificee for the fine arts, the basis of wvhichl rested on his ow n pro. lific invention, wvhile its completion wias not likely to ha realized during the life of any man among them. Beg,inning w.ith the hypothetical surrender on the part of Her MSajesty of twvo of her ancestral palaces for the purposes of a naxtional gallery, the noble lord went on to fill up a large portion of one of those parks wshich the inhabitanlts of the metropolis so highlly vFalued; and, not content wiith these extensive projects, liemust needs also k;nock dow.n the wihole of Pall-mall wvith a view to the erection of his imaginary structure. It wvas obvious that, unless they dealt in a less fanlciful spirit w ith this question, they could never hope to arrive at any practical decision upon it. The scheme of the Government appeared to possess many advanstages, the foremost of which was the removal of the pictures contained in the NSational Gallery Ironi the existing building. The noble lord had slurred 'a-er the consideration of the d.ansage dune to the pictures by their retenltion in their present position, alleging that they were no more liable to injury than the paintings at iNorthumberland-house, and ill other private collections similarly situated. Bat it should he bornie inl mind that the uniform testimony of time waitnesses examined before the committee, of which both he and Ihis noble friend had the honour to he members, went to show that there was no aaalogy- in this respect between a private gallery and a public exhibition. The evidence of lilr. Dyke especially mset this argument of his noble friend, and it must he obvious to every one that a public resort, wills its exigencies of ventilation and the other arrangements requisite for a crow d of visitors, could not be ineluded in the same category with a private gallery the pictures of which vwere excposed to comparatively slight deterioration. He had the highest respect for the authority of Lord Ellesinere, hut when that distingtuished nobleman said that the frequent inquiries which this subject had undergone only made it ripe for further investigation by a cornmission, he (MIr. lWiines) must be permitted to remnark that, if counsels of that kind were to prevail, the present generation at least must give up alt hope of seeing .any practical result attained in this matter. 1in asking tlhus publicly for the concessi.ons frona the Crown which he had named the noble lord had adopted a course hardly consistent with constitutiomnal precedent. P'roposals as to concessions of that nature ought to be initiated by the responsiiile advisers of the Sovereign. (Hear, hear.) He was astonished to hear time noble lord suggest, as a means of preservinlg thme pictures from inljury, that they should be covered with glass. It was w.ell known that by interposing such a medium between the spectator .and the productions of the painter's genius the charm of such works of art was materially diminished. No one who had visited the splendid gallery at Dresden and gazed on the magnificent picture by Raffaelle which adorned it, and whlich was covered with glass, coul1d for a moment doubt the truth of this assertion. He did not think Kensington-gore was too remote a site for theNationalGallery. That situation, wlhile it would be sufficiently removed from the crowded parts of the metropolis, would yet be within easy walking distance from them. He would not, however, object to the appointnient of another commission to examine into the subject if lie thought it wvould lead to any more definite conclusion than had followed the series of inquiries -which preceded it. But the Isroposed commission would be just as much at sea as those that bad gone before -it would have 10 or a dozen different sites placed before it, from which it would have to choose one. The scheme proposed by the Governscent possessed certtain definite advantages, one of w hich was its cheapness. The G;reat Exhibition had proved so remunerative that the corn missionera, under the superintendence of Prince Albert, had been enabled to make the country a magnificent gift of one-half the land necessary for a site. He did not agree with his noble friend in the opinion that the locality was a disadvantageous one, but, on the contrary, it possessed this impottaiit advantage, that it w as ex;pansive. The frontage might be narrow, but there wazs a large extent of ground in the rear which would afford opportunities for enlarging the b,uilding, if it should be thought desirable to do so, to suchx an extent as to realize his noble friend's expectations, and to render it a fit receptacle, not only for the pictures, but for all the works of art belonging to the nation. The military authorities had refused to give up the barracks at the hack of the National Gallery, and it was theref ore impossible the present building could be extended, and the objection of want of room for ex;paission would equally apply to the suggested site in Pallmnall. The advantageof expansionwould of coursebeobtained if a building were erected in any of the parks. He rememl:ered that the late Sir R. Peel contemplated the erection of a building in Hyde Park, which should contain all the national treasures of art;* but that hope w as entertainedl in those legemidary days when there w as an annual surplus in the Echcneguer {lhear), and it was inapossibla to say when the coR.rS would be restored to the samv fortunate posi-. tion. His noble friend had said that the opinions of the comn mittee were much divided onx this subject, and that might have been the case before the question was discussed; bat after prolonged discussions and repeated divisions his (Xr. Idilnes's) motion that the proposition of the commissiorer3 should be adopted was agreed to without an oppOsing voice. Heo contended, then, that the Government wrer fairly justi. fied in supposing that the question ws to a certain degree concluded, and in acting upon that decision to the extent they had done. He thought, considering all the circumstances, that it would be wvell to adopt the alternative pro. posed by Her Majesty's Governmuent. The CHANCELLOILof the EXCKEQUEE.-I thinkthe House will agree that my noble friend has done good service by laying before them the ample and clear exposition of his views upon this subject (hear, hear), and by assisting them in the consideration of the queston he has brought under their notice, not only by criticising the plan proposed by the Government, but also by submitting to them-with a candour for which I cannot snfficiently commend himthe various alternatives he recomsmendsfor their adoption in preference to the plan of Her Majestys Government. We have not selected any one of those plans, but, unless some one of them should appear preferable to that adopted by the Government, I apprehend that the House will be prepared to accede to the proposition we have submitted to them. In approaching the examination of this question, I think the House will see that it resolves itself into two branches. The first question we have to consider is whether the National Gallery shall or shall not be removed from its present position in Trafalgar-square. (Hear, hear.) Upon that point I fully admit to my noble friend that this House is perfectly free to come to any decision it may please. It is not concluded by any previous decision upon that subject (hear); but, on the other hand, as the purchase of a part of the estate at Kiensington-gore has been made, and as this House voted a grant in augmentation of the purchase-money, I must say I think the House at the time it made that grant contemplated its application to the purposes of a national gallery. If hon. gentlemen refer to the debates vwhich took place at the time, I believe they will see, from the language used in proposinug the grant, that such an application of it was within the distinct contemplation of the Government and of the House. For my ow part, after having given careful consideration to the subject, I must confess it seems to me that the arguments in favour of the removal of the National Gallery from its present position in Trafalgarsquare greatly preponderate. It is true, as my noble friend has stated, that thecommissions which have institutedin'si ries on this subject have arrived at different conclusions; but thelast and most complete inquirywasthatof the committee of 1853, of which Colonel Muir was the chairman. That committee investigated the subject with a full knowledge of the results of the inquiries, of previous commissions and committees, and they came to a distinct resolution in favour of the removal of the National Gallery from its present position, which they embodied in these words,-" That the site of the present National Gallery is not well adapted for the construction of a new gallery." No w, these words are perfectly unambiguous. They apply not only to the present gallery, but to any possible gallery that might be erected on the same site. I find, on referring to the account of the division, that 10 members of the committee voted for the resolution which was moved by Lord Seymour, and the only member who voted a,gainst it was Mr. Baring WalL There is nothing more distinct than the finding of the committee on the removal of the gallery fromTrafalgar-square. The grounds of that resolution are, I think-, quite satisfactory, and are borne out by the great preponderance of the testimony of competent vwitnesses. Almost all the witnesses examined before that committee gave it as their opinion that the impurities of the atmosphere and other influences render that site very unfavourable to the preservation of pictures in a perfect state. I quite concir in the remarks of my hon. friend the member for Pontefract, that it shovws the desperateness of the remedy my noble friend proposes when he recommends the use of glass in front of the pictures. I can only say that if my noble friend is reduced to the necessity of recommending that the pictures should be covered with glass, that is a practical admission that Trafalgar-square is unfitted for the sit 3 of a National Gallerv. (Hear, hear.) My noble frieni resorts to a somewhat desperate answer to this argument. H d asks whetlher there are not many great collections of pictures in private houses in this metropolis, the circumstances oF which in regard to situation are no better than Trafalgarsquare. Butt ills to be observed that private gentlemen,what ever theirincon emaybe, have no optionbut to keeptheirpictures in their own houses. A private gentleman cannot afford to build a picture gallery at Kensington-gore. Wlhere his house is therc must be his picture gallery, and if hi; house is not distant fromi the centre of the metropolis his picture gallery must labour under the same disadvantage. If the nation had no other alternative my noble friend's argument would be conclusive, hbut as it is, this argument appears to me to be wholly irrelevant. (Hear, hear.) Well, Sir, that being the case, the House wiiU I think, come to the conclusion that the weight of reasoning and authority is in favour of removing the National Gallery fromn Trafalgar-square. I am quite aware of the fondness of this House for inquiry. Bat there is some limit to inquiry. We cannot be always delegating our judgment to committees and commissions, and if lion. members will refer to reports and documents which they will find upon their tables, and if they will go through thc necessary process of eatmining the evidence wbich they already possess, they will ho as capable to judge for themselves upon this quesion as they ever can he if the House appoint a series of committ^es and commissions for 10 years to come. Ithink the House may come to a conclusion without further delegation or inquiry in favour of removing the pictures from Trafalgar-souare. Sunposing that question decided, the next queston-aud hvvat I admit to be the chief difficulty-is wether the site of Kensington-gore is preferable to any other. If I satisfy the House that th it site is ded dedly preferable to any other site that has been suggested by my noble friend-and I cannot complain that he has not suggested sufficient-the House will, I trust, not hesitate to vote in favour of a second reading of the bill which stands upon the orders for to-night. Jet me state the principal reasons for selecting the site at Kensington-gore. Now, the first consideration, which my noble friend passed over lightly, and which I fear, from some nortions of his speech, is hut a slight consideration with him, but which, looking particularlyto theoffice Ihold, is of sonleimportane-is the consideration of expense. The site which is offered to the country is a site of which half the expenise has already been defrayed by funds not paid out of the Exchequer, but offered and tendered by the Commissioners of the Exhibition of 1851. The estate at lKensington-gore consists of 86 acres. These 8S acres cost 342,0001. Of that sum 177,0001. was paid by the Government, but the remaining 166,0001., or nearly one-half, was paid by the Commissioners of the Exhibition of 1851 out of the residue of the receipts of that great undertaking. The value of the site is certainlygreatenow than it wvas when the purchase was made, and from th - progress of building westward it must receive an annually increasing value. (Hear, hear.) 'Ihe nation may therefore consider that it has made an advantageous bargain with the commissioners inaccepting thi,t site to be applied t) public purposes. The bill enables the Government to take from the commissioners of 1851 so much land from tham estate as shall be required for the purposes of the site of a National Gallery. The biUl does not gobeyond theacceptance of half their share of the estate, which it vests absolutely in the Commissioners of Woods; but it does not pledge the House to a specific sum of money or a specific plan. Io accepts a portion of that land for a site of the National Gallery, and it vests that site absolutely in the Govermuent. Well, Sir, that being the state of the case as to the cost of the site, I cannot understand what doubt hon, gentlemen can have, or what ground therecan befor theopinion thatthis site is not admirablyadapted for a National Gallery, provided we come to the conclusion that it ought to be taken out of the centre of the streets, and placed on the edge and outskirts of the town. With regard to distance, it is close to the Exhibition of 1851, and we know from the crowds that flocked to that Exhibition that the distance is not so great as to prevent persons who are desirous of seeing the pictures from accomplishing the distance. Then, the number of acres upon this estate offers ample room for the construction of a building of the size required for a National Gallerv. It also admits of additions in future years if it should be the pleasure of Parliament to make additions hereafter to such a gaUery for other purposes, and, although the frontage of the estate in the Kensington-road is narrower than the width of the estate behind, yet the frontage will be sufficient for the purposes of a National Gallery, and there is in the breadth of the site ample space for the construction of a splendid and ornamental building. (Hear.) hMy noble friend indulged in a remark that, I admit, astonished ime. My noble friend talked of the Brompton marshes, and said that the lower part of the estate was a swamp and a marsh. Now, r1have had some local acquaintance with this part of town, and I should as soon expect to hear the sands of Arabia described as a marsh or a swamp as the district in question. (Hear.) I think my noble friend must be aware that Brompton has been long celebrated for its salubrity. Before the town had spread to its present extent our ancestors used to send their sick relations to Brompton for their health. My noble friend no doubt remembers that at no great distance from the site of the proposed National Gallery stands the hospital for consumptive patients, which was chosen by medical men for its remarkable healthiness. Another class of persons reside there who are considered to be very nice in their choice of a situation. It is said that wherever you see a convent you may be sure that the founders have selected an advantageous site. Now, the Oratorians belonging to the church of Rome have built a large establishment on the very edge of my noble friend's swamp, and any person who visdts that site will seethe building of the Oratorians occupying a very conspicuous situation. The more the subject comes to be examined the more it will be found that this large estate at Kensingtongore, whether we regard it on the score of expense, extent. or situation, offers the most eligible site for the new N ational GaUery. I do not ask the House to take that on my statement. I will follow my noble friend through the long list of alternatives that he proposes. HIe lias said that there are not less than three-I believe he said four-different sites in Kensington-gardens. Firat and foremost, my noble friend proposes to pull down Kensington Palace, and to build a National Gallery on its site. Now, considering that there is a great deal of vacant land in the neighbourhood of the metropolis which is admirably situated for such a purpose, it does seem to me to ba an odd and wanton choice that mynoble friend should select the site of an existi:n building in order to construct a new one, and that he should insist upon pulling down a building, which may not indeed be remarkably beautiful, but which is still an imposing and extensive pile (a laugh), and to repLace which, if it were demolished, would involve the outlay of a considerable sum of money. My -noble frien1 I deals with such a building, which has steod for centuries, and which was erected at a great cost, as if it were a mere cottage or a hut to be swept away at will. One -word with regard to the very summary way in which my noble friend ideals withtheproperty oftheCrown. He seems to assume !that the property of the Crow is the property of the public. ,uereas hie must knowthat it is ony ceded forthe life of the present Sovereign, and that, when the nation takes for any S lurpOeg Crown propsxty, it~ isahS purvhase it bi the Sg manner as if it were the property of a private indivi IduaL That occurred last year with respect to a portion of the 'vacant ground near Downing-street; andl, if my noble friend take posseshion in a sumtmary 3manner of Kensington Palace, lie.must puchase it fzroa tho Crown. (Hear, hear.) The cost at which that purchase could he effected is not a matter altogether free from doubt, hut it is quite clear. that before my noble friend -would be in possession of the eite on which hisa new National 'Gallery is to ba erected he would have a very lange suma to advance to the Crown. That I consider to be a miost formidable objection to one of the plans, of mv nioble friend. (Rear, hear.) Then, he has other plans cnt' ting out parts of Kensington-gardens, and making roads and approaches through the gadens to his NTational Gallery, and for no purpose that I can see which would not be answered by adoptinig the site proposed by the Government, which is only on the other side ot the road, a-nd is close athad Beally, after all that we have hieard of ihe sanctity of the parks, and rememabering how mnuch wass said upon the erection of the Great Exh-ib ition building ofl851foratemporary -purpose, I am lost in astonishment at the very quiet manner in which my noble friend proposes to appropriate a large portion of Kensington-gardens in order to erect a new NationalGa ery. I think that the same objections apply to his p lan of building a National Gallery in diffiern parts of Hyde Park; for my firm Conviction is, that if the Giovernment had acted upon the advice of my noble friend, and had proposed aplan for building the National Gallery in the centre of Hyde Park-, they -would -have gone into the division lobby with scarcely a single mian to follow them. (Hear, hear.) My noble friend then says, " Sweep away St. games's Palace;- sweep, away Marlborough-house, and erect a row of buildings which shall combine under the same roof a National Gallery and receptioni roomns for ldv6es and drawing-rooms." I am at a loss to know what reason there can be for combining two such dissiniilar objects under oneroof. I mnust say that this plan, including as it does a proposition to shut up the road which t-he Rouse a few nights ago deternined to Cipen, appears tomwe to he more extravagant even, and less likely to be acceptable to the Rouse, thAn the other plans which mny noble friend has proposed. At present the National Gallery stands at one end of Pall-mall, and we are told that thesmnoke and dust wholly unfit the site for the purpose of a National Gallery. Well, my noble friend says--" Go to an enormouis expense and build the National Galery at the othierend of Pall-mall, at the bottom of St. James's-street." What object canL be gained by that small change of position, and how it remedfies the objection to the present gallery on account of the preservation of the pictures, it surpasses mny comprehension to puereive. Indeed,Ilagree with the conclusion atNwhich niynoble friend arrived tow~ards the end of his speech , that if we are to have no other alternative than the tranisfer of the National Gallery from Txafa]gar-square to St. James~'s Palace, it wvould he inflnitely preferable to leave it where it is. Here, again, my noble friend deals not only with the pro- pryof the Crown, but also with the property of the Prne of Wales, in a somewhat unceremnonious manner. As far as l understand, Marlborough-house was purchased for the Plrince of Wales, and was to be appropriated, with the assenkt of Parliament, to his uise when he came of age. Probably, therefore, it is at present vested in trustees for his benefit. Now, wvithout the smallest conversation -with any persoii, miy noble friend pro~e to take that property and to transfer the Prusice of Wales, as if he wer a itr r a statue in a gallery, from MarlboroughhouseeatopBuligton-house, wYithout his having any reason to k-now that such a transfer would be acceptable. (lHear, hear.) I am at a loss to conceive -what benefit could, under any circumstances, be derived from such a change of position, of the exese involved in which may noble friend seems to take such little account. I must warn the Rouse that persona who mak-e propositions upon these subjects without the wholesome fear of the " estimates" before their eyes, and who are not in the positionx of responsible members of the Govrnmnt,dea wih tem ithan xceedingly light and easyhand an I wuldcauton He ouse against acceptingtooreail suh popsitonsasthose of my noble fried. M nobe fiendmentonedoneor two other sites, Lord ELCHO.-I did not propose those sites. I referredl to them to show how many sites had been propesed, in order to prove the difference of opinion which prevailed, and the neaessity that there was for further conisideration. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHETQIER continued.- If my noble friend did not consider theni -worthy of the serious consideration of the Rouise I don't see whiat advantage there was in his mentioning them. He called upon the flouse to agree to an address to Her Majesty for a commission to determnine -whether those sites wvere not preferable to that which had deliberately bean proposed by the Governmnent; and I say that he has been trifling with the Hlouse, and merely wasting its time, if he did not p eps thosel questions seriously to its conlsider-ation. ("RIeoar,," and "1Oh!l") However, with regard to the site of Whitehall. I amn at a loss to know where he would place the NYational Gallery; and I thhink we may consider ourselves extremely fortunate that my noble friend did lnot p2ropose to eject thle Houses of Lords and Commons from their present building in order to appropriate it to the purpose of a Na tional Gallery. (A laugh.) Le. us look now for a mioment at the terms of the motion. Miy noble friendl proposes that a commission should be appointed to determine the site of the niew NFational Gallery, and to report on the desirableness of combining with it the fine art and archasolog-ical collections of the British Muaseum, in accordance with thereconmiendation of the Select Commnittee on the National Gallery in 1853. Now, Sir, I w-ish to call the attention of the House to the recomimendation of the committee of 1853. With respectto the appointmentof acomnmission, theirrecommendation was confined exclusively to' the question of combining the various artistic and archinological collections of t-he British Museum with those of the National Gallery. The committee clearly recommended that the National Gallery should be remnovedI fromn its present site, and on the whole they suggested the adoption of Kensington-gore for the site, although I miust add that the- dlid not do so withouit some hesitation and qualification. Tliey said not hing, however, about any commission upon the question of th- site, and Clearly they didl not consider that any advantage v. to he gained from a further inquiiry into that qlutstion ; becauise, having recomunendedl one sub 'ict for the consideration of a comnmission, they cd id.ot include that of the site, and cxjnrssio sinius, (6 'ini cst elxeusio. They did express their oninion thiat. is would be desiraLble to have an inquiry into th~e estioi, of renmoving the collectionls from the Brit:-L ,J in but, in making a specific recommendation ILI) :Auz -Ject. t1hey excluded the idea that they wished to sinik-c a6miiilar iecomimendation with respsct to a site. I do no. charge my nobles friend -with any want of candour; I merely regret his inattention to grammar (a laughi), for anybody who reatds his res'oluition wvould supps that the recomamendation of the commlittee app'lied to bTotsh t-hose objects. (Hear, hear.) My noble fliend said a great deal about the British Mluseum. I quite admit that it is a question well worthy the consideration of the House at some future tirne, when perhaps the Exchiequer mnay he more overl-owing than it is at present or is likely to ba next year, whether it -would not he ad-,isable to talke some steps for relieving a part of th6 British Mfuseumi. Let ime call the attention of the House to the state of that institution. The British Museum at present, withi the addition wvhich has recently been mnade, contains ample acconmiodation for the library and the readiiig-room, andl for any extension of those departments which are likely to take place during the next century. But the Mluseum consists of two othier departmnents -one of antiquities, the other of natural history-for which I cannot say that thereisquito adequate space. Nevertheless, there is v-ery considerable space, and if either department were remnoved a large portion of the Mluseum would be unoccupied. At present, therefore, there is no very strong reason for making the change referred to in he repot of the commiittee. But it has been proposed to divide the collection of anitiquities upon this principle-to leave in the Museumn that portion of the collection wvhich is interes-tinig only on archinological grounds, and to combine w-i th the National Gallery that portion which is interesting as works of ar-t. My noble frienid, wyho is evidently familiar with the ar-gumlentsupon that questioh, has referred to an able paper which appears as an appendix to the report of the committee--a paper vritten by Mr. Charles Newton, of the British Museum, and which I would strongyl advise, every member of this House to readl for hme (Har, hear.) 'Whoever pernises that document wil find, if he is not altogether convinced by it-which I confessimyself to have been-that very serious objections exist to the project for dividing the collection of antiquities upon the pnnciples which I have meontioned ; and for the present, at all events, Her M~ajesty's Government are not preard o entertain any suich proposition. I admit, however, thath plan fojr removing somne portions of the collection of the British Miuseuim to othier buildings is one which may reasonably be considered, although I do not approve the scheme proposed by mny noble f-riend for sending the zoological collection to thie Zoological-gardens, ,which would be taking it out of the custody of the nationi and handing it over 'to a private society. (Rear, hear.) The same objection applies to his proposal to transfer the geological collection to the Geological Society. I ama altogethxer adverse to any such arrangement. (Hear, hear.) I would wish to keep the collections of natural history, now under the able superintendence of Professor Owven, naot separately, but, if possible, in combination. (Hear, hear.) Again, I must remind the Rouse that all propositions of this sort involve a large expenditure of mioney ; and,unlss he ouseis ireare togo to great expense for he urpse f pJvidng uiling, Ithink it will carcly h disosedto asumeas aforegone conc~onliatit as dcidd upn tat sen.and issue a commission to inquire by what means it ought to be carried into effect. My noble friend quoted, in support of his recommendations, a letter fromthe Eari of Ellesmere, which deservedly carried with it great weight, and I may taize this opportunity of mentioning that, since the discussion which took place some time ago on the subject of a gallery of historical portraits, the noble earl has presented to the Government, for use of the nation, the pieture known as the Chandos portrait of Shakspeare. (Cheers.) That munificent donation, I hope, may be rewardedas'a good omen for the commencement of a national kistorical portraitgallery (Hear, hear.) I fully admit the weight to which the arl of Ellesmore's opinion is entitled, nor do I at all say that Her Majesty's Government would not be prepared at the proper season to issue a commission to inquire into the expediency of making some alteration in the distribution of the collections now in the British Museum. They think, however, that no advantage would arise at this moment from the issue of such a commission, though they may be prepared at the proper tinie to issue one; and they deem it desirable that a plain proposition should in the meantime be laid before the House, of which the first part is embodied in the bill that now stands for a second reading, and the different portions of which I will now submit for your consideraton. What the Government pronose is, that this House should decide to remove the Nati6nal Gallery from the present building in Trafalgar-square. They propose that e whole of that building should be assigned to the Royal Academy. It would be used during the season for exhibitions, and at all times as a school of art and for the lectures vhich are delivered at the instance of the IRoyal Academy, and for which the present accommodation during the period of the exhibitions iS insuflicient. The trustees or governing body of the Royal Academy have at their disposal a considerable sunm of money, and in the event of this House decidi&" to give them the use ot tilko entire building, they would De Prepared to excper4. c:,bire portion of that fund in putting a ne.wfcgme,(9 to it.j z qiliflee and tItsn greatly mprovo its whither the uperision orailRways should be intrustei to the Board of Trade, because at present the remponsibility of ralway companies afforded some guarantee for thii aey of the pubEic; but if a Government department were Cem, .p3ered to interfere, although some immediate Auger and inconvenience might be obviated, the responsibility of- the cormpaones would be materially diminished. (Hear, heax.) He was, holwever, bound to state thct it was iis opinion, as well as that -of the deprtment --with .which ne was connected, -that the case mentioned by the hon. gentleman with referernoe to the London anid Brighton Railwav deserved serious attention. A train started from Loidon at 8 o'clock, And was due atReigatei at a-qurter to 9; another train started from London at 10 miuts past 8 o'clock, and was due at Reigab at 6I minutes to 9. Now, it -was impoible such an arm e. ment could be carried out without a collision (a lagh), and he thought the subject deserved the grave attention of the Brighton and South-Eastern Railway Company; for, if any accident should occur after the matter had been mentioned in that house, their responsibility would be he&YX indeed. (Hear, hear.) ir. JAMIE NI?GREGOR said that, having been loni connected with the management of the South-Elastern Riway, he thought it right to state, that rale was laid down by the company that io train should be allowed to prooeel from any station on the line until a telegraphic signal had been received from the station in advance, intimating that the preceding train had not only arnived at such sttion,but bd cleared it. {Hear, bear.) If that rule were adhered to, the mere error in print to which the hon. member for: Stafford had caUed attention could not affect the publia safety. (Hear, hear.) REIATIOLNS BETWEEN ENGLAND AND THE JNITED STATES. Mr. G.IL H.OORE said, it was unnecessry for bim to inform the Honse that he was not satisfied with the answer he had received a few minutes since from the noble lord with regard to the relations between this country and America. When he recollected that the noble lordt had already granted a day for the discussiorn of that question before the papers bearing upon it were completed, and when be recollected also thati qthe Home Secretary thought proper to ta ut the 4ight hon. member for Droitwicl -witlh anticipating v coming disscussion by a premature expression of opinion, he Mr. Moore) must say the answer of the noble lord was a unexpected as it was unsatisfactory. He thought it right to state why he conceived that that ans ver ought not to be satisfactory to the House, and why he would deem it his duty to persevero in bringing forward the motion of which he had given notice, if he had an opportunity of doing so. When the noble lord stated that the whole of the papers relating to the dispnte between Her Majesty's Government and the Government of the United States had not been laid upon the table, he (Mr. Moore) at; once acceded to the suggestion, that tho -discussion of tho subject should be postponed until the papers had been laid before the House in a complete form. He did not tbinL- however, at the tune that the production of the -paer to' 'which the noble lord referred could by any possibility alter or modify in any essential particular the nature of the question which the House would ultimately have to decide, and he must say that opinion had not been changed by the production of the paper he had had the misfortune to read to-day. They were told by the nobler lord that it would be unwise even now to stir the question, and that it might be injurious to the public service, in connexionwiththependiDgnegotiatio.ns,iftbatHonseweretogive expression to its opinions upon a subject supposed to be conrected-ith the matter to which those negotiations referred. They had heard too much of Parliamentary discussion being injurious' to thel public service. They -were told the same thing of the late war, and the country had, in consequence, drifted into war without lmowing it, and in the worst state. of preparation. He did not believe that discussion would bave been injurious then, nor did he believe that it wouldc be injurious now. He thought, on the contrary, that, wbat. ever had been done well during the late warhad been done under the pressure of public opinion fin that House and out of it, andt that al the miosmanagement had been worked out in the holes and'. corners of official intrigue. He was bound to say explicitly, that he saw nothing in the conduct of the negotiations which ought to induce the House to pause in pronouncing an opinion, and that it would be unwise and injurious not only to the public service, hut to the credit and honour of tbecountry, to leave the management of this question to the undirected discretion of the Government. But there was a. more important question than this involved. What was the state of public opinion at the present mo-- ment ? Why, there were tens and hundreds of thousands of men, not ignorant or unwise, bat men of sound understanding, and with a right-minded sense of justice, who had a strong conviction that this country had been humiliated and wronged in the late transnction4 auid -who thought that, although there was no case for reient hostilities, yet that there was reason for a watchal1 and resentful jealousy of outrage upon our honour hereafter. (Hear, hear.) Public opinion had been drifting, in fact, into a state which might be the prelude to war, since a- a feeling of national humiliation, and a sense of national exasperation might hereafter lead to hostilities. (Hear, hear.) Was it wise and just, therefore, in the House of Comnmons to remain silent. and to leave the public to sit down and bite their thumbs in ignominious silence ? WVas it not their duty, on the contrary, to prevent such a feeling from growing and festering in the minds of the. people of England; and was it not the duty of the House of Commons, as the guardians of the national honour and the representatives of public opinion, to pronounce a verdict~ upon this question which should be worthy of their reputation for justice, fair dealing, and good faith among other coantr;es. Such a course would tend more to win respectthan aII the crafty circumlocugetion of all the Przm4oios in the world. If the United States' Government had been 'deceived, irritated, and offended," as au hon. member or. that (the Opposition) side of the house had asserted, was it not the duty of that House, nob only to the Government. but to thexr.fellow-snbjects, to pass its censure upon thoseby -whom the interests of the two conr tries had been perilled 2 If, on the other hand, our representative in the United States had done nothing but wbat he had a rigbtto do by the American laws, and what he was bound to do bv theinterests of the public service at home, it was the duity of that House to sustain and defend him as a faithful subject of the Queen, and all the more because he had been unjustly attack-ed. What would the House do with Mr. Crampton, with Lord' Clarendon, with the Government itself? If Mr. Crampton had behaved properly throughout these transactions be deserved the thanks ofthe cmuntry, the failing armsof which he had eudeavoured torecrait, and ofthe Sovereign in whose service he had suffered so much obloquy. But if, on the other hand, MEr. Cramptnn had been engaged in a secret conspiracy to violate the laws of the coutry to which he was accredited, then to defend, sustain, and revard such conduact was a gross injustice to the interests of this country. But there w,as another course which it wvas impossible to. reconcile with national honour. To say that a Minister had done his duty to his Queen and country, and to receive with open arms the Minister of that Power which had treated him with obloquy and indignity, was a course calcldated neither to obtain the present respect of the people of tLhat cnuntry, nor its future forbearance. It was inconsistent with the dignity of this country and of its foreign relations, and would be regarded by the people of America as the act of a. liMnister who had neither the heart to atone for an offence nor the spirit to resent an iudignity. It would not do to say that Mr. Crampton had been dismissed because he had not been acceptable to the taste of. thepeople of America. IHe had not been dismiiissed upon any such grounds, or from any fastidious fancy or caprice. The gravest alegations were broughtagainst Mr. Crampton's character and conduct, and it concerned the honour of the country that inquiry should be nmade into the truth of tbose. allegations, and that the House of Commons should pronouncesuch a verdict as would prove to the people of Armerica and the nations of the world that whatever Wlanders our diplomatistsor Cabinetsmightmakethe peopleofthuis countrywere notresponsible for them. The House of Commons was, he thoug,ht, bound to pronounce an noinion upon thisquestion, and inest unquestionably, if the forms of the House mllo"-ed, he w ould bring thc question of enlistment before tile House. APPELLATE JURISDICTiON BILL (HOUSE OF LORDS). Lord J. RIUSSELL.-There is one question which was mentioned in an early part of this discuscsion, upon which I cannot help saying a few words ; I refer to the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill. My noble friend (Lord Palmerston) said, that a very early day would be appointed for this bill, bat he said there were other bills whichl it was necepssary to con-. sider before that bilL. Now, it would be a very serions evil if a bill of that great importance should be passed at a very late period of the session, and it would be a matter of reproach to us if it did not receive full consrideration. My noble friend says that the present exercise of the' appellate jurisdiction of the lords is not satisfactory. The Govern.nent are bhud to show why that jurisdiction which has been so long exercised by the House of Lords, and so( jealously guarded by that House, fails all at once, and wny they propose to take it away. In the next place, this bill affects thc prero'ative, for it surrenders. limits, and restf.cts cne of the most important prerogatives of the Crown namely the creation of peers for life. In the third place, if this bill passes it will deeply affect the independence of the bench. I hope that there will be no delay in bringing this bill- before the House, and that the House will have an early opportunity of disnussing this subject in all its important bearings before it is asked to afirm the principles of tihe bill on a second reading. (Hear.) Mr. MALINS tho-ght there was an imperative necessity for something being done, because at present the unsatisfactory sDectacle was sometimes witnessed oF apoe.-s from several judges being heard by the Lord Chancellor sitting alone. This was not a reason for passing the Government bill, which was in many respects unsatisfactory; tnt it was a reason why the Government should not allow this bil to he postponed for any other bills whatever. The motion for the adjournment of the House to Monday was then agreed to. SITE OF THE NATIONAL GALLEjRY. On the motion that the House resolve itslf into Com. m:ttee of Supply, Lord ELCHO rose to submit a motion for the issue of a Royal Commission to determine the site of the New National Gallery. The noble lord having claimed the indulgence of the House on the ground -that he was still an invalid, and having stated that ho was in the anomalous position of being unable to vote forhis own motion, s,wvith the view of going abroad, he had paired off for the e-tmnainder of the session, said the question raised by the mnotion was one of considerable -importance, as upon itg determination would depend wshether a large sum of the public money was to be laid out providently or improvi. dently. (Hear, hear.) 2Iewould4lirst explain his reasons fot bringing forward a motion on this subject, By abill no -
A HARD CASE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have, in common, no doubt with many hundreds of Londoners, been for years familiar with the figure of a diminutive and odd-looking old man, who officiated as gatekeeper at the entrance of St. James's Park, opposite the Gerran ChapeL Not only his stature, but his abundance of nose, the stoop in his gait, and his comic expression made him no inapt representative of Pnnch, and, once seen, his appearance could not easily be effaced from the memory. His civility and politeness secured him a host of acquaintances among the frequenters of the nark, and his fondness for children made him a monstrous favourite with the juveniles of both sexes, and his little hut was seldom without a cluster of them. To my astonishment, I met him yesterday in tlle neighbourhood of his former labours, divested of his accustomed livery, " seedy" in the last degree, and wan andlwo-begone in countenance. I at once jumped to the conclusion that he could never be brought to this state except by some misconduct of his own ; but on inquiry I ascertained that after a long illness he had been adjudged unfit for duty. and had been dismissed without any provision being made for a pension. For a short time after his dismissal he received a small allowance, but for the last few weeks it had been discontinued, and I am told that last week he and his wife were reduced to such " straits," that, old man as he is, he was compelled to carry over a table to Kennington, and sell it to some friend there, in order to keep out of the workhouse. He has been more than 30 years in the service of Her Kajesty, and is now about 80 years of age. All of us recollect the unjust treatment of the applewomnan in Hyde Park by Lord Seymour. Sarely, Sir B. Hall, the representative of a "popular constituency," is not going to follow in his footsteps, and signalize himself by a petty act of injustice. or rather tyrannj. A LONDONER. NEw ACT oN OXFORD UxE-mRSrTy.-Tlhe act to amendthe17thand 15th Victoria, chap. 81, on Oxford University, which received the Royal assent on 31onday, has just been printed. By the new act, the powers given by the recited act are to be exercised notwiithstanding foandations or endowments by act of Parliament, &c. Statutes approved by Her Majesty in Council may be amended during th continuacce of thecornmission. Power is now given to severbhenefices fromn theheadship of colleges. Further $t is provided thatelections to emolunent may be suspended on the application of the nniversity or college. rtain parts of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are incorporated with the new act.
LOYDOZN. SATUBDAY, JUNE 28, 185 In the Eouse of Lords Last niight, when the House went into committee on Lord DEmB3's Oath of Abjuration Bill, Lord Ln-DHUST objected to the measure, both in form. and substance. In form, because, in pretending to modify an old oath, it substituted a new one altogether; and in substance, because oaths of abjuration, as all history proved, were worth nothing. Again, he objected to the bill
What is a compromise ? What is a constitutional compromise and a mere transaction ? These are questions of every-day occurrence, but it is not every day that they are discussed in the House of Commons. An occasion has occurred, however, that compels the discussion. From the introduction of the bill for settling the Appellate Jurisdiction of the Lords it was obvious the thing was a compromise. We described it as such. The description was energetically disowned by the fiends of the bill. They were aware of no compromise. There was something so thoroughly and elaborately artificial in the chaxacter of a bill that created Deputy-Speakers not to preside over the House, but to sit instead of it ; that proposed to keep up the consequence of the House of Lords by doing its work for it; that was to protract the existence of that body by sitting when it did not sit; and that was to do all this at an expense of some 20,0001. a-year or more, that we ventured to submit the bill could not have arisen out of the occasion in a natural and legitimate manner. There was " death in the pot." Something had been put into the cookery; somebody must have been into the kitchen who ought not; and some other piirpose was to be answered than what appeared on the surface. The Lords adhered to the compromise with a suspicious and even startling unanimity. One or two Peers had not been taken in, or would not; but even they only seemed to amuse themselves by playing with the fears of the compromised. In our simplicity, while detecting and denouncingthe compromise, we little knew what a clandestine and illicit transac. tion it really had been. Its character came out much more strongly last night. 3Tr. CuRRI applied the scalpel, and soon showed that there was widespread mischief under the skdn. At the word "compromise" Lord PAnsmxRsTox got up, and witlh his usual dexterity, while seeming to admit the whole allegation in the general, invested it with an innocent and constitutional character. Grant it a compromise-what of that? What is all legislation but a compromise ? 2Tothing done in Parliament exactly represents the opinion of this man or that man, or even of any one party; for the sake of argument we all yield something ; so the whole is a compromise, and one that works very well. This was true enough, even though, as Mr. DisALI says, the constitution holds HER DIrrsrY's Ministers responsible themselves for their own measures. Blut there remsain wqther question. Is this a right compromise? Is it a pure compromise -of opinion, - or -has a difference of opinion been balanced with some foreign ingredient,-something not in the nature of opinion? Hints were given last night that the so-called, or so-confessed, compromise was not one of the pure and genuine sort; that it was, in fact, a species of " cross " and, that opinion had been surrendered, not to opinion, but to some consideration of a less speculative character. Before we mention the foreign ingredient which has, it is said, been imported into the affair, before we name the price for which opinion is reported to have been sold, we will just illustrate our meaning by a too familiar instance. Supposing that a noble landowner, on being threatened with bisection by a t-unk line of railway, opposed it with all the means in his power,-friends, territorial influence, vote, and influence in Parliament. Suppose, further, that, on finding he could not force the intruder to go quite clear of his own property, he allowed it to go through some outlying portions. As regards the Peer and the railway this would be a compromise, if not of a very patriotic, at least of a respectable, ordinary sort. It is possible the interests of the public might not be represented in the transaction, but private interests are not always expected. to yield to the public convenience. Suppose, however, that the noble Lord, after mustering his friends session after session against the bill, had proposed to the company not only to give lup his opposition, but even to get his friends to vote for the railway, simply on the condition that the company give him a certain price, out of all reasonable bounds, for his land. In this case he would, in our opinion, be fairly open to the charge of having sold his opinions andc his vote and interest in the Upper House for a sum of money-viz., for the difference between the true value of the land sold to the railway and the price obtained for it by Parliamentary influence. Many other examples, more appropriate, perhaps, might be given; but our readers will readily acknowledge the difference betw-een a simple resolution of political forces, or adjustment of opinions, in which consists a proper compromise, and a compromise in which conscientious objection has been bribed away, and truth has not been adjusted with truth, but bartered -with money, or some interest of an equally private nature. WVe are bound to say that, if what we hear be true, the compromise in this instance is one of the less pure and creditable sorb ; and opinion has not been exchanged for opinion, but has been negotiated on very different terms. It is said, then, that Lord PAnsmsTow, being very naturally anxious both to get out of the Life Peerage difficulty and to put the Appellate Jurisdiction of the Lords in a more satisfactory condition, has come to an understanding with the other side in Parliament, of wYhich the present measure does not give all the terms. In fact, one of the terms is said to be such as could not possibly appear in a Parliamentrry document. Report says that the political occasion,-" the diggings," as it ought rather to be called,-has been considered too rich to be monopolized by one party, and. that not a very strong one. So valuable a plunder as two officers' incomes of five thousand a-year, with pensions to match, could not be exhibited without exciting the cupidity of - the foe. Eying armies have occasionally secured their safety by surrendering the more precious part of their baggage. Acting on this principle-and what principle of common sense, what resources of ingenuity are unknown to so good a soldier as our able and experienced PFEAiERr ?-he is said to have promised one of the two lucrative Deputy-Speakerships to a distinguished lawyer and Parliamentary orator on the shady side of the House. if anybody is to be benefited by such an arrangement, and if the British public could ever do an irregular thing for anybody's sake, we are sure there is n6body it -would be so happy to serve as the lawyer in question. He is a most excellent, most amiable, and accomplished man, and has a claim to the sympathy of all generous minds, in having had a series of the very worst ill luck that ever befell a candidate for legal dignities and. honours. Ucndoubtedly the choice of the man goes some way to redeem the transaction. Nevertheless, we are bound to say that a constitutional change of immense importance, closely affecting both our judicial and. our legislative system, ou,ght not to be botched for the purpose of making a comn I fortable provision for an unlucLy lawyer. In the course of nature that lawyer may in a few years be beyond the affectionate regards of the British public; but the proposed cumbrous and costly machinery for making the House of Lords an efficient Court of Appeal is intended, at least, to last for centuries, and it is not wise to decide a public question of centturies on a consideration of the most personal and. ephemeral character. As it is felt, indeed, the comapromise is not one to stand the rude touch of discussion and the gaze of the uninitiated. Lord ParIv RsToN guards the mystery with a jealous eye. It is a " compromise," he says, but, as we often find in the most experienced advocates, he diverts attention from the points not confessed with the extravagant candoiur of his half-confession. He is evidently aware that much discretion is necessary. We are to wait, it is said, till July has melted the Htouse down to a thick Ministerial residuum, and, wheln nothing is left but can be entirely depended upon, the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill is some day to make its appearance, and steal through the House. We have only to say that we have not been taken into the compromlise, and are quite free to continue otur opposition to the measture. We do so with pain when we consider the very estimable qualities of the gentleman whose private interest has been, it is said, so improperly associated with the fate of the bill; but that is not our fault, and it is a consideration which ought to have no weight with us, with the public, and least of all with the House of Commons.
The Americans are a privileged nation; they are not expected to behave so well as other people. Society has always specimens of this class-persons who are privileged to be free and easy, unmannerly, and disagreeable. You meet a man whose form of salutation and address, the style of remarlks in which he indulges, the ques. tions he asks you, and the observations he makes on your name, position, character, and personal appearance, makle you stare. You are rather perplexed, and do not know quite what to make of it, til you are told that "It is only 3Ir. So- ' and-So, and that you must not be offended; it "is his way." This class of persons is very apt to indulge in a sort of pride of privilege, in the idea that they can say what others cannot say, forgetting that one reason why the world acquiesces so readily in this position of theirs is, that it cares about what other persons say, and does not care for what they say. The privilege of bad manners is thus a very questionable honolur, a very dubious feather in a man's cap. The Court jester in the story plumed himself on being able to address Eis Majeaty in a style which no other of his subjects, not even the first peer of the realm, dare assume. Without being prepared. to defend the whole of our Minister's proceedings at Washington, or to assert that, as a matter of right, it, was not open to the United States' Govenment, taking the Tvie it did OE Kr, QoA=Q-i, w4duot, tX 4 kUI1 we cannot but regard such a dismissal as an act of national discourtesy. Btit what then? Are we to break off with the United States, and to begin to fight, in consequence of an act of discourtesy ? Our Government has wisely judged it not necessary to do so, and the very tone of the American despatches in which this act is announced suggests this treatment of the question. The almost supplicatory, deprecatory air, with which President PIERCE begs us to take no offence, and disclaims any warlike interpretation of his act, is enough to disarm resentment, were there any inclination to it. While he holds his dismissal ia one hand, he waves his olive-branch in the other with great effect, and takes care that we see enough of it. He as much as says, " Do " not take this as anything serious-this is one of "those things we are obliged to do; it means "nothing-nothing, at least, but that the day of " nomination is near, and must be thought of." So much for the CAw_pToN affair, which Lord CLAIr'.DoN's letter to Mr. DAXLAS' has at last finished off, and which may now be considered over and done with. The Central American question remaias, and threatens a much less easy and quiet solution, if we are not quick al)out it. Lord CLArtwn,ow here assumes a properly urgent tone, and presses the plan of arbitration on the immediate attention of Air. DALLAs. It cannot bs urged, indeed, too much that this affair must be promptly dealt with; if it is not put into a final way of settlement before the American election there is no knowing when it will be settled. A BucnArAPresidency willbe a trying one toEnglish interests, and must be anticipated, if possible. President PIERCE can have no particular motive now to deal unfairly with uisj or haggle and interpose delays. He is probably not in such good humour with his successful rival as to wish to hand over to him so convenient and choice a question to get popularity upon as the Central American one. He can have no great wish to leave his successful rival an opportunity of outshining him, or to bequeath him a basis on which he can erect a Presidency much more brilliant than his own. There is some chance, then, that President PIERCE will deal fairly with us. But, if we wait till his probable successor is installed in the WVhite-house, ue wait for the Presidency of a man who will frame his whole policy upon the idea of American unity and supremacy. It is impossible not to see in Mr. BuACsAN£'s whole management of this question, as Ambassador in this country, the strategy of a man who was bent on reserring a pet question for himself on his rise to office, and resolved that, as far as he could, it should not be settled yet. What else was meant by his steady refusal for a whole year to understand Lord CLARMo 's offers of arbitration, his determination to think that Lord CYARENMDO?4 was joking all the time, and wanted him to joke too, which he did, giving vent to various faeetts aboout "1 our old umpire," the Emperor of RussIA? Dlr. BuacANA is one of those men who have changed the outside of their politics rather than the inside. He has adopted a totally different party name from the one he commenced with, and has passed every point of the political compass, from the old Federalist to the Democrat, at which point he now sticks; but there has been a principle of unity and consistency in his changes. His watchword has always been " A-merican great" ness." He started as a Federalist, and the United States journals opposed to his Presidency now give at full length his flaming speeches against the M&DisoN Democracy, in which the Democratical party in the United States are charged with profligracy, treason, and national parricide. But Federalism was in those days the cement and bond of American union, the principle which prevented the different States from setting up by themselves, and becoliing sO many insignificant petty separate republics, like their Spanish sisters in Central and South America; and, as being the bond of American union, Federalism was the one security for American greatness. But 40 years have made a difference in this respect. With the immense influx of population from the Old World, the constant, unceasing tide of omnigenous, promiscuous crowds, seeking a new home in the United States, and, -what has followed as the natural consequence, the rapid formation of new States in the Union, Federalism has ceased to be the one cement and bond of American unity. A comparatively small number of old settled States, which remembered the constitutional WAsniGTor, could respond to such an appeal, and lean upon a Federalist centre. But what does an omniu,m gatlerumn of people from all the countries of Europe, the annual discharge of dense cities, heated atmospheres, and famishing soils,-what does a restless emigrant colluvies,what does a group of mushroom States, that were formed yesterday, care about WAsuiGTor andFederalism i You might as well talk to them about CATo, or A-RisTmEs, or any other ancient of unexceptionable virtue and soundest republicanism. You must have some new idea and watchword to bind these promiscuous multitudes together, and prevent the whole from dissolving into chaos, and that idea is Empire. The instant the idea of power arises in a population-the notion that they must be a great people, spread, expand in territory and influence, cover a large space on tho surface of the earth, and be, in short, an empire-that idea becomes at once a strong bond of union, for union is a necessary means for realizing it. This, then, is the American Democrat's watchword, and to this he sacrifices every consideration. Efe does not like slavery, but he allies himself with the slaveowner, because C we must keep together anid " be a great people." It does not do to be scrapulous. When people are tender of conscience they differ, and when they differ they quarrel and break up. The Democratic party in the United States thus fuses all differences and all scandals in a necessary national unity, and makes every question give way to the one idea of American greatness. Let "nigger-worshippers" and fanatics divide and destroy,-he is for unity and strength at any cost. Thus the watchwords of " America for " the Americans," and the "SquatterSovereignty," and " Manifest Destiny" are the engines of the Democrat. He is for pleasing everybody, vvhoever he is, and letting lhim have his own wvay, slaveow-ner, squatter, and everybody else, so long as they will I;eep together, and make America a great and united people. Let us forestall, then, if we can, the reign of a new Democratic President, and settle our Central Americau dispute betimes.
The public will rejoice to hear that the PRUvOE CONOoRT's proposition for removing the National Galery to Kensington-gore was last night rejected: by a sufficient majority of the House of Commons. We use the word advisedly, although the difference upon division may at first sight appear small, because extraordinary efforts had been used by the Court party to obtain a majority. There has not been such a " whip " known throughout the session. Every influence which could be brought to bear upon every member of the House susceptible to influence was tried, not without great effect, but in vain. It is notorious that three successive Chancellors of the .Exchequer have succumbed before the fixed resolution of the PnuwCE Co2fsORT to carry this point. Even Lori PAtIrERsTox at last, firm as he has generally shown himself to be in all matters affecting the public interest, clearly perceived that opposition upon this minor point would be constzt2ed as evidence ot a settled purpose to thlw the Court, aud at,lwa Be yielded, much, az we believe, againgt - his own convictions, The whole strength of the Government-the whole influence of the Court-the hopes of fature placemen, and the recollections of those who had held place in bygone times, were all interestedin procuring a victory; but strength, influence, hopes, recollections, all broke down, and the PRiwz -was left in a minority. As far as lay in our power, we had endeavoured to save the PRTNcp from this little mortification. We represented over and over again within the last few weeks that it would be by far the wiser course to avoid decision for the present. There really existed no grounds in any evidence which has yet been collected for the removal of the National Gallery out of town. Everybody who has studied the report of the Select Committee with any degree of attention is perfectly aware that two-thirds of it are devoted to the errors of picture-cleaning, and not to the selection of a new site for the National Gallery. It is very true that when the Conmittee came to a resolution upon the question of the removal from Charingcross it decided in favour of removal by a decisive majority, but this proved nothiig in favouir of Kensilgton-gore. The -whole of the ugly building at Charing-cross, with its existing arrangements, is required for the use of the Royal Academy. That constitutes a very good reason for moving either it or the National collection to some other edifice, but it by no means proves that Kensington-gore would be the fittest site we could select for such a pmupose, supposing that the National collection is to be moved at all. We take this as a first principle,-unless it is actually demonstrated that the pictures are injured by the metropolitan atmosphere they ought not to be moved to any great distance from the spot at which they are now to be found. Now, has this point been yet established? The evidence of the principal scientific men will be found to run the other way. If proper precautions be employed, proper ventilation be used, proper care be taken of the pictures in all respects, we are most decidedly of opinion that no serious difference wil be found between Charing-cross and Kensington-gorecertainly none between Charing-cross and the Kensington-gore of 10 years hence. If, on tne other hand, the pictures are really injured by the pernicious infLuence of the London atmosphere, let them at once be moved to some spot where they will be safe. Let us create a Versailles at a safe distance from London. We do not, however, believe that upon investigation this 'will be found to be necessary. The bad effects of the London dust can certainly be warded off, and we would beg of any hon. gentlemen who doubt the fact to glance at the tops of the volumes in the least used shelves of their own library in the Ilouse of Commons. With regard to the sulphur and carbon which may be held in combination with the London atmosphere asfuirther polluted by human breath in a London exhibitionroom, we should be glad to hear what our chymists have to say, and whether they cannot suggest sonte glaze or varnish which will effectually protect a painting which is to be suspended in London. If the pictures were to be moved at all to Kensington, no doubt something might have been done in Kensington-gardens which would have been highly creditable to the nation ;-but we need not anticipate. Let us first ascertain if we cannot keep the pictures in London proper. The Division of last night will, as we trust, prove to the PRIhNcE that it will be the more prudent course to abandon his scheme. I
It has been a question among scholars whether Ciosno would have been understood had he addressed his orations to a provincial m'uicipium 60 miles out of Rome. The question is, except for philological purposes, curious rather than useful; but, at the same time, it is suggestive. The best educated and most highly cultivated inhabitants of any country are so far advanced above the masses that they seem to be not only not of the same nation, but hardly of the same kind. We doubt not, -with all deference to BE;N- , that an Athenian cobbler spoke verybad Attic, and a provincial eques very bad Latin; that there was as wide a difference between the mob of either community and the contemporary great men who have made the names of those communities immortal as between Squire WnSTERN and Sir W. WINDHAM, or between a Bas-Breton landholder and MtoisEs- QUIEU. It is, indeed, far from flattering either to national or individual self-love to observe the vwide interval which separates the ordinary intelligence, taste, refinement, knowledge, and manners of a people from its most choice and presentable specimens. So wide is this, that up to a certain epoch in their history the characteristics ascribed to nations are personal, peculiar, rather than general-they belong rather to a few eminent individuals than to classes or communities. The great, or the best-known men of a country, are talken as its type, when, perhaps, there is little to distinguish its general population from that of a neighbouring State. There are epochs when French history reads very like :English, and when German reads like both ; and, doubtless, at one time the peasantry-which then meant the majority of the people-in the three countries were so much alike as to defy attempts at analytical distinction. It were curious to trace where the divergence of national character became marked and striking; how it received its first direction from the bias and labours of individual minds, co-operating -with local eircumstances; and how nations appropriated to themselves the glory of achievements of which both the suggestion and the achievement were due to the earnestness and energy of a few. What TEm{iy remarks of the English butcher and baker of the present century mi,ght be extended to the whole people. As the one class speak of "their Normau ancestors," so the latter speak of "their" arts, their sciences,' their mechanical knowledge, their engineering skill, or their poEtical economy; the truth being that the latter have (as a community) as much claim to a share in these acquirements as the former to a coilexion with the names that figure on the Rolls of Ba-ttle Abbey. Education, we know, is generally supposed to obliterate that broad line which marks off one order of minds froiim another. It is supposed to level in a great degree those mental distinctions which are so prominent in ruder and more ignorant ages. WVe are not about to take uip the cudgels in behalf of ignorance, or to argue in favour of a barbarous over what is called an educated age. We would only remind the people how little has yet been done by or for them to give them collectively a portion of that inheritance which has been bequeathed by the genius and intellect of past ages, and how much remains to be done by themselves. lord ASEBURTOx, presiding at the anniversary festival of the Arts Society, showed how empty was the national vaunt of diffused knowledge which we have been expressing for the last 20 years by the fact that hardly any of our mnechaics' institutes were self-supporting. All of them, or almost all, are dependent upon the contributions of a class superior to that for which they were originally designed. This is not an umnixeed evil. It only shows that our assumptions of exi&ng knowledge have been pitched toa high. In the samae way as many lU)e books designed-far children ht.¢ been foaliz seleas for them, but eminently useful for aauzts, so, doubtless, the institutions designed for the insi.11ctiOf0 of the operative class have been beneficial to that of employers. But it is a bad sign in this respect. It shows that the operative claswei, for whom these institutions were pIannec, and who were supposed to be so much interested in their promotion, really care but little about them or the knowledge which they might be th. means of imparting. This is matter for deep regret. The ]English operative has long been suck a creature of specialities that he is regarded- by foreigners almost as part and parcel of the machinery which he fabricates or regulates. He is looked upon as a pinion, or a needle, or a lver, or a cylinder. He is supposed to know and care about nothing out of his workshop or his engineroom, save his skittles and his beer. The difficulty, however, of combining accurate vith general knowledge, even in the case of those persoLrs who are not impeded by manumal toil, should, be taken into consideration before we condemn even so exclusive and confined an application as this. Ln all classes men must be content to forego ths knowledge of many things,-to remain entirely ignorant of some things and imperfectly instructed in others. This is almost the sole alternative to a painfully superficial smattering in all things. It is the one condition of unrivalled pre-eminence in any one branch of art or science; and before we can expect to see our operatives devoting themselves to the cultivation of taste and a wider sphere of knowledge it will be necessary to inculcate the expectation that such a study will " pay" in the ordinary acceptation of that vulgar term. And this is not easy. As Lord ASHBURTOx remarks, it is worse than useless for a mechanic to appreciate art when he serves a master who is ignorant of it; or for a master to care about it 'when his employers are indifferent to it. Mental superiority on the part of a servant is painful to an employer; but the employer's superiority is equally painful to the great body of his customers; and it is on the great body of customers that all men have to depend. This dependence, indeed, has more links than might at first sight appear. Not only does it foster hideous emanations of the British loom, deeply fascinating to the savage mind, blut it subjugates the painter's studio, the sculptor's chisel, and the architect's plan. To it we owe painful portraits of cumbrous old gentlemen and lake-coloured simpering ladies-to it 've awe prosaic likenesses of eminent mnen " done" into stone-to it we owe streets and squares heavy without substance, pretentious without magnificence, costly without grace, that are squatting over every spare -cra of suburban london; and to this we owe-worse than all besides-not only the toleration which endures, but the applause which encourages, these dismal concoctions of stucco-these elaborations of portentous inelegance. While the taste of the persons who order remains where it is, 'who can wonder at the taste of those who administer to the order? Let Lord AsiTaRow and his friends begin at the top andI refine downwards. When the people who have made money without the necessity of a taste have learnt to apply taste in its disbursement it 'will be time enough to expect it from those 'whose ruder energies are employed to gratify the wishes of opulence, -without questioning the refinement or the judgment which dictates their expression.
COUBT CRUCULAR. In answer yesterday to the inquiries of the Diplomatic Corps and the nobility at Boclinghamx Palace after the Princess Royal the following account of her Royal Highness's state was given:-" The Princess Royars arm, which was severely burnt a few days ago by her dress having caught fire, is much easier, and her Royal Highness is able to go out in the garden." Hs Royal Highness the Prince Consort went to Kensington Palace yesterday afternoon, attended by Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Prince Flrederick William of Prussia paid. visits yesterday to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, at Glo-. cester Honse, and her Royal Higlness the Dachess of Cam. bridge, in St. James's Palace. The Queen and Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, toolk a drive yesterday afternoon in an open landau and four. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by his Royal Highness Prince Frederiek Wllliam of Prussia, honoured the performance of Madame Ristori at the Lyceum Theatre with their presence in the evening. The Royal suite consisted of the Duchess of Atholl, the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, Lord Rivers, Baror Moltke, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Captain the Hon. do Itos. Rear-Admiral Courlenay Boyle, Groom of the Privy Chamber, was presented to Her Majesty by Rear-Admiral Eiar] Spencer, K.G., at the last Levee. Her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent went to Frog. more yesterday morning, attended by Lady Anna fanria Dawson, Baroness de Speth, and Sir George Conper. Her Royal Highness returned to Clarence-house, St. Jamee's, int the evening. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. MI. H. Marsh, G. F. Leslie, John Dobie, Francis Bigge, and ArtLur Hodgson (late members of the Legislative Council of New South Wales), and Messrs. John Crowder, G. E. Fairholme, Joshua J. Wbtting, and William Boyd, had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday, at the Colonialoffice. The Oxford University Comumission met at No. 1, Groat. Queen-street, Westminster, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursay last. The commissioners presentwere the Earl of Ellesmere, the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop oi Ripon, thi Hon. Mr. Justicoe Coleridge, and Sir John A wdry. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday. Present-Sir J. Patteson, Sir William Maule, Dr. Lushington, and Sir Edward Ryan. The appeal from the Prerogative Court, " Campbell v. Corley," was concluded, and an appeal from the Prerogative Court, " Dyke v. Barton" was part-heard. Despatches were sent from the Colonial-office yesterday to the Governor of Canada.
We are requested to state that the Anexican gentleman to whom admission -was refused to Her Mfajesty's 3;evee on Wednesday last is a Professor in the 1hIi1itary Academy at W'est P6int. and that he wore on that occasion his official costome, s blue dresscoat with buttons of the :1ngineer Corps, blue pantaloons, white waistcoat, black stock, and a common hat. It was objected on the part of thke Master of the Ceremonies that ill this attire, wearing7 ablack stoc'k, with no sword and no dress hat, he could not pass the Queen. The objection was made in a manner exceedingly kind and courteous, but the rule was express, and there was no discretion to relax it. In this posit'on Mlr. Dallas, wvho was about to present two other gentlemen in company with the Professor referred to, after having several times urged the official character of the dress objected to, feeling pained at the position in which his countryman was placed, among entire strangers, and in a place to wthich he was entirely unaccustomed, offered to return home with him, in wihich suggestion hi3 companions joined. Under these circumstances the American Mfinister left the Palace with the gentlemen whom he was about to present. We have reason to believe that the Rev. Cliarles Baring will be the successor of the late Dr. lMonLk as Bishop of Glocester and BristoL-Gl4be. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first half of a 51.-note for incometax from "X YE. Z. ;" also, the second halves of two Bank of Englandnotes-ons for 501., the other for 57., fromn " J. S." The Lord Mlayor has issued cards of invitation for a dinner at the Mansion-house to Sir William Fenwick Williams, the hero of Kars, for Wednesday, the 9th of July. His Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge will honour the Lord Mfayor with his presence on the occasion. We are requested to state that the old established readingroom and library of Mesurs.A. and W. Galignani. of 18, Rue Vi'ienue, Paris, is about very shurtly to be removed to 224, Rue de Rivoli. Tnm Lmmx.-In our list of presentations to Her : laiesty at the last Ieroe the following names were' omitted -Captsin Edgell, on his return from the Black Sea and reapPOintment to Her Mlajesty's ship Tribune, by Sir C. Wood; Capain Robert C D. Brce,52d Eent, on return fromn the Crimea, by thecLord Jusice Relgi8b iBruce.
FOREIGN INTBLLIGYCE. CRA1NCE - (A oArtion of the following appeared in our second edition of vesterday :-1 (moM ouR oww coRrmo,wm) PARIS, THUraSDAY, Junvz 26, 6 P.M. It is generally stated and believed that the Princes of the Orleans family intend taking the opportunity, sfforded by thelate law, granting the sum of 600,000f. to the heirs of the Princesses, to protest, if they have mot already done so, against the decree of confiscationof January, 1852. Thepresentlawtheyconsideras an adniission on the part of the Emperor of the illegality of that decree-as an admission that the confiscation to the State of the property in question was an act of violation of all the rights of property. It is not said, hlowever, that the parties benefitsed by the law will decline availing themselves of it. It appearsthat the ,ranut was arranged between the iPrince de Chimay aznd AT. Dupin, the executor to the will of the late King Louis Philippe aud the law adviser of the family. The Duke dTe Nemour. has, it appears, written to Al. Dupin a letter couched inl very strong terms on the impropriety of is having concluded the arrangement w,ithout consulting himn as the head of the family. 3N. l!Nothomb, thle Belgian M)iSnister of Justice, has been in Paris for the last fewv days, and is engaged vith M. Abbatucci, who fills the same post in the French Government, in arranging the project of lavw on the press which will be presented to the Belzian Chambers on their meeting. M. Docknovoski, Inspector of Public Works in :Russia, has also airived in Paris, in order to study the system of railroads in France. The Russian Ciovernnent intenid commencing sand carryingthem on on a vast scale throughout the empire. The vant of such a mode of communication will not be felt in any future war that Russia may be engaged in. lVith reference to Spanish news I have to say that it was not at Valencia, but Palencia, that the -troubles I alluded to in my letter of yesterday have taken place. Palencia is the province (or kingdom) -of Leon; Rio Seco and Valladolid, which are at no great distarce from each other, were the scenes of these disorlers. In Valladolid the affair was at one moment serious; some houses and shops were set fire to, some severe if not fatal casualties occurred, and the Civil Governor of the city lwas -:wounded, though it is said slightlv, by the revolted. A reinforcement of troops had to be sent to Valladolid, and M. Escosura, the Minister of the Interior, has arrived there from MIadrid to niiake a personal inquiry into the cause of the outbreak, of which the dearness of provisions, it is suspected, has only been the pretext. According to the latest accounts -received this morning tranquillity had been completely restored. A Military Comiission is sitting to judge, and, if necessary, to punish, the persons charaged wvith being implicated in the disturbance, and three of the ringleaders w.ere shot the daybe"ore yesterday. The prisoners are rather numerous, but the Government has ordered the authorities to act -with the greatest energy in stiffing every germ of the rebellion. The Cortes appear determined to support thleGoveumment in maintaining tranquillity, anc, according to a despatch from MIadrid yesterday, they passed a resolution unanimously to that effect. In my letter of Tuesday I alluded to the belief entertabied at Atheiis of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria havin entered into an obligation that the issue of his marriage with the Infanta of Spain, the daughter of Don Francisco de Paula, should be haptized and brought up in the Catholic faith, which -wo4uld invalidate any right of succession they may Iave to the Crown of Greece. I am assured that no p!edge or obligation of that kind was required frorm tlhe Prince. Some time ago, when the matrimonial 1lliance was first thought of, such a condition was required, but Ino allusion was made to it on the prese"t occasion . Before the children of the Bavarian Prince, if he is destined to have children, are of age to inherit the crown of Greece many changes may take place, and no one can say wlhether the Pavarian family vill still rule at Athens. The conduct of Kinig Otho does not offer much security for the permanence of the dynasty on the EHellenic !ihrone. it is thought probable that a satisfactoryand defimt.-e arrangemnent *will take place between St. Peorsbulrg and thePapal Court on the subject of tlhr C.atholic clergy in Poland. The following private telegraphic despatches have lc ST. PETERSBURG, JuV.E 23. "An Imperial ukase of the 16th announces the revision or the Customs tarifllof IS50. The duty on coffee imported by sea is reduced 70 copecks per pond (aboat 4 cer,times per 20 kilograminnes)."2 o " ~~~~~TURXIN, JUSE 2.. "According to the Idilian Cw'reopondence, the Austrian C.ecaral Crenneville vas to quit Parma on the 22d, and the Ducliess-Itegent, having decided on supporting her Minister, w to raise the state of siege on the occasion of the anniv-cr-ry of the birthday of DuLke Robert, her son." The Emperor -Napoleon sets out for Plombibres on Yor-day, and the Cardinal Legate leavesforRome on Tuesday. An understanding is said to have been c'-;me to between his Eminence and His MIajesty for Lis consecration by the Pope next year. A good deal of gossip is going on about the armas a-d motto painted on the state carriage of M. de i.orny. The nmotto, it appears, is " Tace, sed ma;S.cnoto." The Tace is certainlly applicable to theEmn2re.r, but hardly to his Ambassador; but the me;2 'cn!o suits them botb. Then the shield exhibit3 in one of its quarterings the Imperial eagle as if pre.a;ing for a flight, the star of the Beauharnais fartily, a;d the cheTrons, which I am not sufficiently s ersed in heraldic science to explain. The Municipal Council of Nantes having decided lhat a palace in that city should be offered to the Prince imperial, they have, it is said, almost corme to an arrancement with the Government for the purchase of the old palace of theDukes of Brittany. For tlis purpose the Minister will have purchAasedl by the mumucipality of Nantes, and given to him in exchange for the said palace, ground and buildix Is for tiue artillery dep6t, wlhere the powder magaz:ne wvill be much lbetter placed than it now is, in tlfe centre of the town. The palace in question v-ill be worthy, from its historical associations and it. fine architecture, of becoming an Imperial resi- In 1811 the M1ayors of the different towns of France ofiered to the Emperora medal as a s.uvenir of tLe baptism of the King of Rome. The Mlayors vrwLo were lately invited to attend at the baptism of tle PrinceImperial have it in contemplation to have in like manner a commemorative medal struck off, wl-hich their Maiesties vill be requested to accept in the ilarne of the different municipalities, as a fresh testimony of their respectful devotion and entire fidelity to their dynasty. Cardinal Patrizi yesterday morning, at halfpast 8, Wfa3 present in the chapel of the Lazarists, P.ue de Sevres, at a grand zreeting of the mlebers of all the Conferences of St. Vincent -de Paul in Paris. The chapel was crowded, and the altar was dressed out with great magnificence. 'The spilendid reliquary of massive silver, containing the l;ody of St. Vincent de Paul, was uncovered on the occasion. His Eminence celebrated mass, and then administered the holy sacrament for threequarters of an hoiur. After the sacred ceremony a special meeting took place, and M. Baudon, the President of the Association, delivered an address, showing how the work in wlhich they were all so deeply interested was gradually extending its liits, the total conferences of St. Vincent de Paul in every part of the world being at present 2,046. After a suitable reply from the Legate, the proe-edingS terminated; and his Eminence, at 11 o'clock, partook of a breakfast which had been pre- parecl for him. The taking of the quiinquemiial censas in Paris Laas beenx finished, and it appears from it that the population, including the soldiers, the sick in the hospitals, and the occupants of the prisons, exceeds 1,2U0,000 souls within the odroi walls, and 1,800,000 with.n the fortifications. A Council of Ministers was held at St. Cloud yezterday, at which the Emperor resided. The Unio,i publishes a letter from the Duke de 1Avis, -ith a comm mication addressed to the Latter by the Count de Chambord, on the subject of the inudations 'Which. have desolated France, and to- wards the relief of which the Count has contributed the stm of 20,000f. The following is the letter of the Count de Chambord .- "Venice, June 1G. "Iws on a journey, my dear Duke, when the news of the frightful inundations which have desolated France, par ticularly in the South and West, reached me. I could not xead the details of those scenes of devastationt and mourn. ng -without having my heart deeply affcted. On returning to this city my first care is to send you, as a mark of mg lively sympathy for the numerous victims of those terrible atsstrophesa a sum Qf 20,00Q., with the expression oE my deep regrct that miy circuimstances will not allow me to senrd you more. It is particularly on these occasions that I suffer severely at finding nmyself kept far from my country, not being able to hasten personally to the assistance of so many sufferers, and at only having at my disposal resources too liniuted for it to be possible for me to coxtri.buoe .o effeatually as I could have wislhed in relieving so rauch distress. My wife is not less affected thanI am at these disastrous eventts, and it is in her name as well as myownthatIsend.youthisbsun,. Misy this feeblemarkof olu- sincere intere-t give some alleviation to the sniSerings of those afflicted people! I renew to you, my dear Duke, the assurance of miiy constant f2iendship. "HENRI." The Prince Regent of Badlen will leave Paris on Saturday or Sunday next. He visited the Hotel de Ville the day before yesterday, and remained there for more than an hlour. The Prince afterwards went to the Sainte Chapelle. Count Walewskji intends leaving Paris next -week for Hombuirg, with the intention of being absenit about three wee!;s or a month. The administration of the Bank of France have declared a dividend of 137f. for the first six months of 1856, payable on the 1st July. The Munitsur pfiblishes the returns of the corn trade in the diflerent markets of France during the last week of 1lay aynd the first fortnight of June, from which it appears that the average price of the hectolitre of wheat was, during that period, 30f. 98c. at Toulouse, Gray, Lyons, and Marseilles; 31f. 10c., at M1artns an,d Bordeaux; 31f. 87c., at St. Laiurent and Le Grand Lemps; 30f. 79C., at iMuihouse and St-asburg-; 33f. 28c., at Bergues, Arras, Roye, Sissons, Paris, and Rouen; 29f. 31., at Saumur and lantes; 30f. 33c., at Metz, Verdun, .md Charleville; and 30(. 37c., at St. Lo, Paimpol, Quimper, and Hennebon. The lowest price during the last week was 27f. 400., at Marans ; and tho highest, 36f. 17c., at St. Lo. Compared with the returns of the preceding month, the general average price of wheat has increased from 28f. S3c. to 38f., or 2f. 17c. The price particularly advanced in the localities ravaged by the inmndations. The Three per ent. closed to-day at 71f. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-B alf per Cents. at 92f. 15c. ; and the New Loan at 71f. l1c.; Orleans Iailvay Shares, 1,3G0f. ; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 937f. 50c.; New Shares, 850f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,475f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,695f. ; Western of France, 930f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 750f.; (4reat Central of France, 650f.; Lyons and Genevat, 78Sf.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,555f.; Austriarn Railways, 897£. 50c. Cours Azhenzt4zz.-e'-Ams, June 2G.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reiubur-able for 10 years), 92f. 02f. 25c. 15c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 10c.; ditto Certificates (0o per cent. paid), 92f. 10c.; Three per Cents., 70f. 70c. 80c. 90c. 71f. 70T. 90c. 71f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 70E. 65c. 71n. ; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 70f. 655c. n£1.; Bank of France, 3,915f. ; Credit Foncier, 692& 50c. ex. div. ditto Obligations of 500f., Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents. 78T. 75c.; Credit 3{obilier, 1,5501. 1.552f. 50c. 1,555f.; Discount Bank, 6SO.; Piedosontesel Five per Cents., 92; ditto Three per Cents., 5S; Austriani Five per Cents., ES; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97..; Romans S4- 85; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25A ; difto Interior Debt, 40.1. Exchange on London, at sight, paper. 2if. 32Ac.; nioney, 2if. 30c.; three months, money, 2ff. 24c. AUSTRIA. (mom aim owv coREBsro.ND=T.) VIENNA, JunE 23. My letter of the 21st inst. contained some inforniation relative to a misunderstanding which had arisen between the Duchess Louisa of Farma and the Austrian military authorities. Further authentic intelligence on the same subject has reached me. The Austrian " Auditor"-General (military judge), presidinrg over the commission appointed to try the 60 or 70 persons who were arrested when the Impeiial troops occupied Parma, proposed to make the prisoners give an accoiunt of their whereabouts and doings since the beginning of March, 1854, in which month Duke Frederick Charles III. was murdered. The Duchess explained to General Count Crenneville, the commander of the Austrian troops, that, although she wished to have peace mLaintained, and to see the guilty punished, she was not desirous that military couirts should be established for any length of time in her dominions. The fact is, that the Regent was afraid of being involved by the Austrians in an endless political "c p-ods," -which would only serve to excite the animosity of the relatives of the prisoners against herself and her son Robert, who is but eight years of age. The dislike of the Duchess to the proceedin-gs of the Militarj Commission at last became so strongly pronounced that Count Cremieville was obliged to apply to Mlilan and Vienna for instcuctions. 1Marshal Radetzky sent Comut Thun, bis civil A dlaths, to Parmna, but the Regent turned a deaf ear to the discourse of that statesman, and the end .of the matter was, that Cotunt Crennetvillo received instructions to inform her that if she interfered "with the courseof justice" Austria would be under the necessity of withdrawing her protecting hand. The exact tenor of the reply given by the high-spirited lady to the Austrian Commander is unknowni to me; but it must have been very sharp, as she is now in great disgrace at this Court. It is stated that the Regent has liberated all those persons who were arrested by the Austrians, and confined by them in the prisons of the Duchy, and demanded that the natives of Parma who were conveyed to the fortress of Mantua should be sent back without delay. There are people here who are so base as to insinuate that the Duchess Lo-Lisa " may have good reasons" for not wishing to have the circumstances connected w.ith her husband's death examined into, but the private character of the lady in question is without spot or blemish. I well recollect that at the time of the assassination of the Duke of Parma it was stated, and believed in the hiighlest aristocratic and military circles of this citv, that lhe had fallen by the knife of a wronged husband or brother, and not -by the hand of a political assassin. Somewhat disquiieting news has been received from Lombardy. The lower clergy, who are in despair at the though't of being entirely in the power of their bishops, are suspected of favouring the plans of the Nafational Italian party, and the probability is that the suspicion is not without folundation. Cons.derable political excitement prevails in Tuscany, and wre learn by the Lombardo-Venetian papers that the Tuseans are about to petition their Sovereign to resuscitate their constitution. The oXioial D)esdecn Jouts-l has received a letter from Rome, which contains matter both of importance and interest. The correspondent begins by observing that the inclination for amusement, whic' has always been one of the characteristics of the inhabitants of the Papal dominions, is for the mom-ent dormant, and persons who are acquainted with the actual state of affairs consider this apparent listlezmness of the people an alarming symptom. The peace of the Papal States is nowv maintained by 14,000 Austrian, 6,000 French, and 12,000 (?) Roman troops. The Government cannot place confidence in the regiments raised in the dominions of the Church, and the finances are so deranged that the so-called Swiss regiments, which are composed of Swiss and Germans from the smaller federal States, cannot be comnpleted. The Inquisition exists biLt in name, and can do nothing without tlhe consent of the police. The Papal dominions are governed by about 600 -superior empolaye, of whom not more than 80 are regular priests. It must, however, be added that these 80 individuals occupy the highest places in the Administration. The civil code is acknowledged to-be good, but it is badly carried out. " The climinal laws bear the stamp of barbarity, and their total. reform is indispensably necessary." The systemfi of keeping the prisoners locked up for a long time before they are brought to trial prevails at Rome quite as much as it does at Naples. The annual deficit is about 2,000,000 scudi. The correspondent concludes by stating, that the Pope, in spite of the remonstrances of Cardinal Antonelli, insisted on having the following words printed in a Roman paper: "Lord Palmerston declared inl'arliament that the States of the Church were never better ruled thanby the Government which was formed ad interim after the flight of the Pope." Yesterday the grandreceptionsbegan at theFrench Ambassadors. As all the high dignitaries of the State and the members of the diplomatic corps must call on the representative of the Emperor of the French, the "receptions" will last at least three days. Allthe streets leading to the Wallner-strasse,-where Baron de Bourqueney lives, are occupied by Gendarmes, and only the carriages of his visitors are allowed to pass. The court of the French hotel was this morning occup ed by a deta^hment of soldiers. Ali Pasha, with his whole svite, left for Trieste yesterday. - ITLY. ( OUR OWN ow aoNsrO.WDXr.) NAPLES, JUNE 23. The Royal answer to the protest or advice of the !Br-ith and French Cabinets has been given, and, from what I consider to be good authority, I hear that the purport of it is as follows :-" His 3ajesty thanks the respective Governments3 for their counsels, is most desirous of acting with greater clemency and of introducing reforms; but he himself must be the judge of the time and tho manner. At pre-ent itw ould not be consistent with his dignityor his independence to do either; norvoiild it be advisable, His MIajesty thinks, to recall the exiles or to liberate tho prisoners." There are several motives which have clearly prompted this answer. In the first place, as Count Cavour's protest gave greater prominency to, and led to a more vigorous discussion of the Italian question, concessions now would appear like a yielding to the dictation of Piedmornt -an impressionl which Royal jealousy vwould be most unwvilling to give. - Again, I do not believe that the King is convinced of the necessity or nrapriety of any changes. So says the universal voice and such indeed is the inference to be derived from his continual policy. Lastly, an important article of the Royal faith is a profound belief in his divine right to rule as he chooses-that all resistance on the part of his subjects is an opposition to the will of God, and all interference on the part of foreign Governments an officious impertuience Divested, therefore, of diplon4atic forms, the Royal answer may be read thus:-" I will do what I like nith my own. I will not yield a step unless compelled; bitt, as positive resistance would be out of the question with a small Power, I will profess wishes and make excuses, waiting the chapter of events, which has hitherto done so mnuch in my favour. Did it not save me in 1S48, and did it not create the Oriental war? wiho knows what an American war may do, or whether some misunderstanding may not spring up with France ?" This is a policy which lives from day to day, and which owes its strength to blindness or a willingness to be deceived on the part of the protestinlg Governments. That I am right in my interpretation of the Royal answer, I may adduce in proof the uniersal conviction of the truth of what 1 have stated, all the Royal antecedents, and now, last though not least the "political trials." His Majesty, who came in from Gaeta last Tuesday to celebrate the fife of San Louis, returned on Frid3y morning, thus again abandonhing his capital until some other saint's day summon him to Naples. :N'othing could be so impolitic as this perfect withdrawal from and abandonment of his subjects, and the consequence is a state almost of anarchy, in which officials do just as they like, and support or thwrart and oppose each other as prejudice or interest may impel. A British Cabinet messenger loft NKaples with despatches on Thursday night. The same messenger it was, as I stated at the time, according to ny belief, who brought down instructions to Sir William Temple to communicate with this Government. A most embroiled and confused order of polce has just been published, by which not only all proprietors of houses and house agents are to send in the names of those who have rented them, together vith their families, but also the occupiers themselves are compelled, to do the same. Four registers are to be sent in. If the order is not complied with within a montlh the defaulters are to be arrested and punished according to articles 36 to 39 of the Penal Laws. The reason alleged for the order is to have a correct census, "necessary in great capitals." One result wvill be to obtain no census that can be depended upon, for the order is so confused that not one man in trenty can understand it; and another result will be to put a good rolmd sum at the disposal of the police. Four registers must be bouaht by every proprietor and every occupier; then there will be new papels to be bought by reason of informalities; and compromises with the police for overlooking irregularities or non-compliances, and arrests anid fines; in fact, I look upon the police order as a new piece of Government machinery for tormenting and extorting. T mentioned in a former letter that in consequence of some additional privileges having been granted by this to the Papal Government in 1854, an application was made iimmediately to the Board of Control, in order to secure the same privilege for British shipping. Two years, however, have been permitted to pass in vain, when I believe that a simnple demand wvould have been sufficient for one of the most favoured nations to have obtainedthose privileges. The consequences of this inaction on the part of oiur (overmiient I may illustrate by the following examples :-British ships loading grain for jkIaiseill6s pay 10 per cent. moib e duty than French or-Neapohtan vessels, and Blritish ships have been chartered at 20 per cent. less than N eapolitan vessels. A merchant told mue that on two shipments of 4,000 quarters- of wlheat chartered -at 5s. the quarter, whereas Neapolitan vessels are being chartered at 6s. the quarter, a loss of 2001. had been incurred. All tliis is the consequence of the differential duties beinglevied. Againi, anotheri merchant tells me that on 14 or 15 cargoes he has paid not less than six or seven dollars on each for bonds and fees. This will be remedied by the new treaty, but as the ne-w treaty may not be ratified immnediately I am glad to say that Sir- WVilliam Teniple has already made, or is about to make, a demand for an instant participation in the same advantages as are enjoyedby other States.
MfN"D YOUR SPELLIANG. TO TIIE EDITORt OF TUE TIMES. Sir,-If education is to be promoted, as I believe it may be, by means of the due exercise of Government patronage, our -M.P.'s cannot be too carefal in listening to the solicitations of their constituents for Government appointments, unless thoroughly convinced of their fitness for such appointments by Some previous inquiry into their proficiency in the elementary branches of education. Indeed, the Government, by the establishment of an educational test, has relieved our representatives of a large amount of responsibility, and I would recommenid any of them who may be- importuned with applicatious of this nature from persons of doubtful capacity, to write some such letter as the following, which has been addressed by a member of Parliament to one of his constituents, inl reply to a letter soliciting his influence in order to obtain a Government situation for the applicant as a collector of taxes: - "Sir,-I think it my duty to iaform you that, under present circnmstances, I believe there is very little chance oE your obtaining a Governament situation. You are probably awaTe that, in order to obtain such an appointment, it is necessary to pass through the ordeal of an examination; and that 'orthography,' or correctness in spelling, is, amnong other things, an indispensable qualification for a candidate. I beg therefore to call your attention to the following mistakes which occur in your letter of -, and which I point ouLt solely -with the view of stimulating you to acquire a more perfect acquaintanco with this necessary branch of education, should you still cherish the wish to obtain a Government situation. - "X find in the letter referred to- diffacult for difficult numulrosly- for numerously a many partk,s for maiiy parties dangerousc for dangerous hnas m2y family is for as my fan-dly is anxiouse S o anuious permanant for permanent feelT for feel gratefull for grateful reYfiring for referring "I have only to add that, nader the present very proper regulations, no amount of testimonials will avail against au evident deficiency in any branch of knowledge required of candidates for Government sitnations." I have the honour to remain, Your obedient servant. X.
THx MELTON- MOWzRAY. MURDERs.-The examination of the witnesses in tho above case was concluded on Thursday evening last, when the prisoner was called upon tomale his statement. He most positively denied that he committed the offence, but admitted having had some Co4versation with Edward Woodcock, at the Thorpe Tollgate, on Tuesday week, two days prior to the commissioa of the murder. On Wednesday night, about 7 o'clock, he said that he passed through the bar near to Waltham, on his way t.) Nottingbamn, at which town he slept. At a short distance throughl the bar he met n man to whom he gave the clothes (which had been produced and identified as having been the prisonler's) and a shilling After getting up in the morninigg, at N'ottingham, he proceeded to his sister's residence there, and the same afternoorn left for Leds The reason fiyhYls gave the ssame of Williama Parker when' apprehended at Wethelby, was that had he givea- the name of Brbwn h6 shouldhave been knowin'as a rieturned convict, and if that were known he was fearful he shonld not procure employment. The magitrates having retired upon their return they announced their iDtention of committ;ng himn for trial at the Leicester Assizes for the wilful mIurderQt 'si*6 and James Woodcock,
MONBY-2AR XMB aid CITYINTRLLIGENCE. 1. _ _ Friday Evening. i The English funds opened steadily to-day at the improved prices of last evening, and ultimately experienced another advance of an eighth. Consols were fxst quoted 941 to 95, and they left off at 95 to 1. Consol Scrip closed 3a to i premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 95k to i ; New Three per Cents., 95` to 3 ; India-bonds, lls. to 1ss. premium; Ei:xchequer-bonds, 991; and Exchequerbills, 11.. to 14s. prermiun. Foreign securities' are steady, prices generally havirg been well supported. Transactions took place in Guatemala to-day at 35 and 40. Turlish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 10&i and 105i for money, and 103Z and 106 for the account. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed were dealt in at 106 for money, and I002 for the account. The general business comprised-Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 79 and 79k; the Three per Cents., o5; Russian Five per. Cents., 109X ; the Four anda-Half per Cents., 99i and 100; Sardi:ian Five per Cents., 921; Spanish Three- per Cents., 47#; Spanish Certificates, 6O andi; and Dutch Twvoand-a-Half per Cents., 66Q. Tn the foreign exchanges this afternoon the oily alteration -was a decline in the rate upon Hamburg. The corn-market was dull to-day, at the rates of. Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a fair business, at full quotations. The French Three per Cents. closed yesterday on the Paris Bourse at- 71f. for the end of the month, showving a slight increase of firmnness. This evening the telegraphic quotations have again failed to arrive, but the opening transactions were at 71f. 25c. Several purchases have lately been made on English account. The telegraphic accounts from China to-day are to the 9th of Mlay. The exports of tea to date were 79,000,0001b., and of silk (exclusive of shipments to Marseilles) 43,600 bales. The rate of exchange had experienced a decline of 2d. at Hongkong, and a rise of 2d. at Shanghai, the quotation being As. ba. at the former place and 6s. 9d. at the latter. Silk was scarce, and prices were high, the export, according to some estiinates, not being likely to exceed 55,000 bales. The stibjoined communication vith regard to the report recently published by the Credit Mobilier, showing a profit for the past year of 26,000,000f., calls attention to a discrepancy in the figures, which requires, and is doubtless capable of, full explanation. The writer points out that, in the absence of this explanation, it would appear that, instead of a profit of 26,000,ODf., there has been a loss of 5,000,OOOf. Even, however, if there were no other reasons for assuming the obscuritv to he the consequlence mlerely of some clerical ambiguity or omission, the known facts connected with thbi movemlents of the French Bourse during 1855 would be sufficient to demonstrate that the idea of the company having failed to make a large profit must be erroneouis. The extent of its gains and the palpable mode in which they have been obtained constitute, 'in fact, the great signs which shouild inlduce all persons to exercise the utnost caution in forming their opinion of its fature career. The company commenced byimaking enormous advances and investments at a perioa vwhen the French people were about to rusl into an almost unexampled speculation for higher prices, which has subsequently been promoted ill eves-yway by the Government and also by the course of political events. Under these circumstances its success, as well as that of all adventurers on the same side, could be measured only by the extent'and boldness, if not recklessness, of its transactions. But those who malke fort-unes by a boldc dash can be considered safe only when they have the firmness to retire upon thleir wvinnings. Prices cannot continue to rise for ever, and, wMhile it is certain that when they become stationary and inactive the revenue of a company like the Cr6dit Mobilier must shrink within ordinary Iaits, it -is also nearly as certain that in any of those stages of disastrous fevulsion to which aUl money-markets, are liable the lossds l-must, be as - trenwendouls as the formAer gains. Of course, the managers will argue 'that this is by no means an inevitable inferenee, since in proportion -as danlger muay threaten thley will coutraict their op'erations, -dispose of all doubtfdl investnnts, and. insist upon an increased margin - of selurity'in-their loans. HFow far thlis in times of' lisaster will be consistent with thefpromises of the compaiy to assistthe money-mirketon all occasions t whent-assistance is most needed is a question forn th Freneh Government,. vho may be presumed to have patronized it solely on that ground; but, even- supposing such: to be thle intention, past experience aflrdsulno hope of its- fulfilment. The Scotch exchange biaikb fotmed at the beginning- of' the rail- wvay mi?niarin tlhis country started precisely upon-1 the same plans and were the first to succulmb when the tide turned. ' The c6urse of tlhe. Banlk of the Unlited States- likewvise -presents many analogous points,' and,- ini fact, the financial history of the world. shows that permanent success in any under- I tak;ing of thle kind, if not.impossible, will at leaist 7constitute an exception to-every result -hitherto ex- perienced-'LodnJue S. -Londoni June, 1856.1 "Sir,-The excitetnent whicli has prevailed for many 3months past at Paris in reference to joint-stock speculatibas, rnd tA-e disposition, always so prevalent on the-continent, to loo'k to France as the originator of social And political theo3ies, and to copy Frenchl models, render it most important and interesting to examnioe carefully the records of proceediags -which are likely to have so- much indluence. T The report of the General Associat,ion :of Credit Mobilier for 1S55, which appeared in your advertising colamms nthe 21st of May. challenges an investigation of this nature; and, as their published accounts appear to me to ndicate a- x-ery different result- fronf't-hat ' h ich it assumes, I beg to submit -otof your readers the conclusion to which they'lcad me. *'1T extract the first statemenelt front t'he general 'account of assets anrd liabilities as'foll ows . "' Oar a'sets on the 31st of Decenabet last comprised the followving articles. We had in hand,-- Fr. L. Itentes. .. 43,O59,254 2. Debentures .. .;..S54,63O 3. Railvaysndothershares .59,431,591 - 132,345,458 From wlhich is to be deauctea for calls not made up to the 31st of Decemlber last: - - . .. 31,165.719 r _ - - lO,118,739 "lTh secona'- statement is the profit and loss account, as follows:- - - 7 r Tho total amoant of rentes, shares, and debentures in *Phand hich on the31st of December, ISS, 'was ;. - .. 57,440,e33 Ias been absinenteub y n-bje%ipfions and purcbaseslnde durilg the'; arl15 .. ... .. . ..,52 323,231,000 .The amoeunt of reahzations having been . . 217.002,431 To 1,hich nr nat be adtled the amount of secu- rties reiahining in brand 132,345,455 - 3&9,3t7,S3 9 There res,i-ts a profit of ..20- .. .. 24,5,883 N" Now, it is evident, on comparing these statements, that the amonint 'of securities, taken' in the latter accoint at 132,dOO,COOf., i the very saine which appea"s in the first a6colint, -and is there made- subject to a deductron for calls not made on the o31st'of. Decemiber. . The fi-st account appeaisto taethe seiaties at their-full vale, and then to deduct the amount whieh has since been'paid, orhhas still' to be paid, for calls' In other words, the assets on the 3Kst of Decem'ber last, vere not a-vrth 132,00,O0Of., but only 101,OCO.OCOf. Then why, in making out the profit and loss account, are they taken at 132,000,000f.? Whyis there not the samed6d&ction for calls not then niade If thei securities were, as stated, only 101,oo0,OOOf., they should be takeA at 11,000,OOO£ in the profit and lose account. This would alter th6 result of the main item in profit'andloss account (thatof the speculations in-rentes. shares, anddeben- tures) by 31,'00,000f., -and convert the apparent profit of260, O,GOf.-into a loss of 5,000,0001 " It is scarcely conceivable that so gigantic an error as this should ,really. exist; but what I have stated is the: natural arid bi'iotus result to.he deduced from the accounts as publfshld, and I therefore hope that by caUing attention to it-n your columns I may elicit the exnlanation -which so' irsoreinary a statem ent stands in need of in-order to be intelligible-to' - "A WAN OF ]FIGURES." The mercaiitile advices from St. Petersburg menionjlar,ge purchases of grain, seed, &c., whichcause the rate. of exchange to maintain an upward tendexucy'. ' 1t was mentioned on Wednesday that a corresponrdent, proleismig to 'vrite on behalf of a num ber of: felfolv-passengers, complained of the- treatment ex;prieiic.ed on board the Morning Star, from AusItralia-to Bristol: froi, 'testiniony since fu±nished iherp is,reasoa to believe that the passengers, as A, bo :dj, Nierd beifectlj ,atisfied with the.management oftthe vessel'and the accommodation provided. -t`a- nied#ft'odgi of ,the London Cliartered _BAunkcbi4ik4talia, 1Ahr. D. Danbar presiding, the' I rep t.Crd abebutsi w'ee. generally approved. Iiist'adi jhqweyet of the.dividend. as recommende6d- by' the directers, being declaredat: 1 -per cent.; i*vas.agr,oed.yith. their consent th3at it should bei crsase,&tb'2 p@r' cent.for,t,he, nalf-year,the advices e simince tfc nicking ep of:t,he balance-sheet 4 l Qe e more ft'voura1le bharact&, The prin- - - ,~ cipal,discussion was with regard to the detail of the accounts, and the- explanations were considered satisfactory. It was stated, in answer to questions, that the business of -the bank is increasing, and that its future prospects are believed to be encouraging. Annexed is an abstract of the report:- " The diectors submit their fourth annual reort, together with the accounts, showing the state of she bank-'s affairs up to the 31st of December, 1855. In a former xeport the directors had the unpleasant duty of announcing that losses had been sustained in the colonie.L Thev have now the satisfaction of stating that the hopes which they then expressed of affairs assuming a more favourable aspect have been realized. No further losses to any senous amount are anticipated, and the last advices received lead to the expectation that with the gradual eturnt of commerce to- a more healthy state even some of those accounts wil be satisfactrily adjusted. In fulfilment of a previous announcement the court mide arrangements for sending out one of their colleagues, ?Ilr. R. R. Browne, to visit theirestablishments in the colonies, .:nd to assist Mbr. Bramwell, their new inspector, in the duties which devolved nn him, by theretirement of Mr. Falconer. The last advices from tha inspector and managers show a gradually improving state of the bank's affairs. 'he opening of branches at haryborough and Ballarat was ,entioned in the last report, and a new one has since been opened at Fiery Creek. The sucoessful result attending these branches has fully justified the anticipation that they would add to the profits of the corporation. From the accounts laid before the meeting it wilibe seen that after the usual deductions and liquidation of the balance to the debit of profit and loss account, 7,7431., there remains to the credit of profit and loss the sum of 11,1031., from which the directors now recommend a dividend to be paid of 11 per ceat. for thehalf year ending the 31st of Decemberlast, free of income.tax-viz., 8,2501., leaving a balance of 2,853h. to be carried over.tothenext half-year." In the colonial markets during the week some transactionis of importance have taken place, but prices have not been in all cases sBuported. Little inquiry has been noticeable for sugar on the spot, and the public sales went offheavily at a fal of 6d., the crystallized descriptions of MIauritius suffering the principal depreciation. Although to-day's sales terminated with spirit, the decline has not beenin any degree recovered. A good private demand exists for floating cargoes. Seven of Havannah, chiefly for near continental ports, and three of -Brazil - have beerL sold in some instances on rather higher termns. The Dutch Trading Company's sales are declared for the 24th of July, and comprise 91,100 baskets of Java. Molasses is still in request, stocks being much reduced, and for some parcels full quotations have been obtained. The public sales of tea have occilpied the attention of the trade, and of 35,000 packages nearly one-fourth are reported as having changed hands at fair to full rates. By private treaty there has been but little business. The coffee-market continues steady; the plantation Ceylon kinds realize full terms, while privately native Ceylon has been purchased to some extent, the present quotations being 51s. per cwt. for good ordinary. An increased inquiry existed for rice in the early part of the week, and firm prices were paid for parcels afloat and on the spot; this gradually subsided, and a fall of 3d. to 6d. per cwt. has since been accepted for the inferior classes. A further improvement of 6d. per owt. has been quoted for saltpetre, withafair inquiry. The chief feature in the spice-market is a demand for pepper, several parcels of wlhich have found purchasers at higher prices. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 21st of June gives the following results, when comparedwith the previous week:Ptnblic'deposits . . .... ... £4,132,110 ... Increase £19,G32 Other deposits . . ....O... 10,602,674 ... Increase 383,913 Rest ... 3,231,000...Increae 16,014 On the other side of the account:- Goverment securities ... £RL276,155 ... Increase 4° 6S7 Other securities ...... 14,411,54 ... Increase 84,775 Notes unemployed ... 6,915,380...Inerease 236 920 The amaount of notes in circulation is 19,322,5601., being an increase of 88,S10l.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 12,417,9651., showing an increase of 359,1731. when compared with the preceding return.
TBADE REPORT. Friday Evening. SuG-i.-The public sales wnent off with more spirit today, and the larger pioportion found buyers. The decline for the week is 6d per. cvwt. for the.finer sorts, and Is. for the inferior. The following are the particulars :-4,641 bags of llauritins, low black, oo35z to 37s.; low to fine brown, 38s. 6d. to 41s.; low soft gray, 41s. to 42s. Gd. ; low to rniddling strong yellow, 4'2. to 44s.; good and fine yellow, 45s. to 47s. per cwtl; crystallized, niddling to good yellow, 4Gs.G6d. to 4Ss. - 2,864 bags of grainy Madras, middling to good yeUoNv, 4Gs. Gd. to 4Ss. 6d., duty 15s.; fine yellow, 49s. to 52s., duty 17s. Gi.; good strong autritius kind, 46s. to 46s.- 6d. per cwt. 733 bags of native Madras, 39s. 6d. *4S5 bags of Benares, good muiddlin,g to god white, 47s.'Gd. tfo 4Ss. Gd.; 612 bags of date, lowsoft browvn, 40s. 6d. to 44s. 6d. Privately at cargo of Harannah, 3,700 boxes, has been sold for the Mediterranean at 33s. per cwt. (free of particular-average), and one is also spoken of for a near port. A Bahia cargo has also been disposed of at 27s. 9d. per cvwt., 327 cases; fully insured. Of West India 133 hhds., making 1,9S0 for the week. COFrEt.-There were no public sales, but privately there is mnore inquiry for native Ccylon at 51s. for good ordinary, atnd the sales during the week amount to 2,500 bags. There have also been some transactions in Bahia and Rio coffees at 43s. 6d. to 45s. 6d.. per cwt. RIom.-Abont half of the 6,200 bags Bengal offered were disposed of at Ss. 6d. to 9s. for fair Moooghy and Ballai, which is Gd. per cwt. cheaper from the highest point. The prihate market inactive, and only a small business effected. * Sk.LTPRTr..-370 bags Bengal sold at 29s. Gd. to 30s. for SA to 7~' per cent. refraction. Privately about 1,000 bags - ha-e been disposed of, 2i per cent., at 3Ss. Gd., and 6 per cent. at 30s. 6d. per cwt. C0000 kUt OIL.-Yesterday and to-day 241 casks Ceylon and 320 casks Sydney were offered, and the former all bought in at 401. per. ton for fine with prompt. Of the latter, part sold at 35s Gd. to 3Ss. for comnon to fine. * PA?ia OxL.-SO pipes ordinary quality were nearly all sold at 341. to 351. 10s. per ton. Fine I.Lgos is now worth 391. per ten. TAL.row-The markLt' quieter to-day. 47s. is accepted on the epot, and for delivery in the last three months there are sellers at 47s. °d. - TEA.-The sales have closed with fair spirit, and of the 3,408 packages -which retaained to be passed 1,340 packages were disposed of, among which was a parcel of comnmon Oolong, at 94d. per lb.,- and some Canton young hysons, ranging from u:Qd. to 7Ad. per lb.; and general quotations reihnain imaltered. The total quantity realized at and after the auctins, during the three days, is estimated at 7,000 to 8,000 packages.
I BAILIVAY IrTZLLIGSYCE. - TRAEIC RETTR- Thetraffie retarns of railways in the united kingdon, published for the weekl ending June 21, amounted to 44A,9121., and forthe corresponding week of 1855 to 413,2241., show_ ing an increase of 33,68S1. The gross receipts of the eight railways havin6 their termini in the metropolis amoanted for thio week ending as above to 197,14SC1, and for the corresponding week of last year to 1S2,4947., showing *n increase of 14,6541. The increase on the Eastern Counties Rsilway amounted to 1,5601.; on the Great Northern to 1,G0DI.; on the Great Western to 2,9731. on the London and Nurth-Western to 2,4461.; on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 4,6271-; on the London and South-Western to 1,1171.; and on the South-Estern tn 1,0141. ; total, 14,7421. But from this must be deducted 881., the decrease on the London and Blackwall, leaving the increase as above, 14,65il. The receipts on the other lines in the Lnited kdngdom amounted to 249,7611., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 230,73sl, showing an increase of 19,0341. in the receipts of those lines, whiclh added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total increase 33,688., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855. NORTH-WESTERN. A meeting of this company was held at Leeds on Wednesday, in accordance with the standing orders of the House of Lords, for the purpose of considering a bill now before Parliament to enable the company to sell or grant a lease of the line, or amalganmate with the Midland and the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Companies, or one of then. Mr. Henry Aicock pieided, and after the biU had been read by the secretary, Mr. Whelon, a resolution approving of the bill was carried unanimously. In reply to questions, it was stated that when the branch line about to be formed from Clapham to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at Low Gill was completed, the aNorth. Western line would make the Alistarce from Leeds andl Bradfordto Glaszow 60 miles shorter than by any other railway route. 'ihe branch line was to be constructed within three yearsafter the passing of the act, and the cetimated cost was 350,0001. A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors terminated the proceedings. SO-JTr YORKSIRlE. The branch line of this comrany from Doncaster to Thorne was again inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel Yolland, R.E., on Wednesday; and it is understood the line will be opened for passenger traffic on Tuesday next. CRYSTAL PALACE COMPANY. The directors of this company state in their report that as soon as the board was folly constituted by the election of Messrs. Beale, ronides, Ogilvy, and Seymour tD fill tihe previous vacancies the directors proceeded to reduce the ordinlary espenditure of the company and to imuprove its revenue by ncreasig the attractiveness and usefulness of the Palace. In the exhibition department they had reduced the e.xpenses by 2, 0001. per annum. The remuneration to the cf'icers had been reduced one-third, thus saving 700k a-year, and making any-further remuneration to the officers to deDend on a smaU commission to be charged on the ne' profits, and to be shared by them with the general manager in proportion to the importance of their respective duties. By the abandonuent of the offices at Adelaide-place a saving of betvween 5001. and S001. a-year had been effected, in the conso]idation of the two fine ar'b departments a saving of about .1,COOl. per annum, making together, vith other matt-ers, a .salig of about 5,0001. on the -working expenses in the cmrrent year. The directors have appointed Lr. J. Fergusson, F.R.A.S., as general nanager, and they look forward with confidence to important advantages from triat app!eintment. The report adverts to the arrangements for theftees, permanent additions to the attractions in the picture, naval, engineering, architectunal, and invention departments; and also a series of graud opera concerts. In thle exhibitors' departmuent 'a steady improvement is taking place; the rental for tho present year will be rather in excess of that of last year, amounting to more than 7,0001. The accountshave been Tery carefully and fuilly examined by the auditors-Mr. J. Ball, of the firm of Quilter, BaLl and Co., an Mr. Fletcher. The capital account states that the ultimate expenditure of capital (exclusive of the outlay on Dulwichwood) will be 1,355,59C1. The powers of the company to meet this expenditare NVill stand thus :-1,225,1S11. already raised; 1,0571. arrears on shares, 73,761t. debentures icnissued; 33,3331. on debentures to be issued, and 103,000. additional capital authorized under the company's new act,making together 1,433,33SI Ample means will thus exist to meet the outlay on Dulwich-wood (35,0641.), and any contingent liability to further expenditure under the covenants of that lease. *With regard to the ways and means, there will remain 91,375l. to be raised at present, to meet which the existing borrowing powers of the company are amply snfficient. The directors recommend that it should be left to them to declare a dividend of 2s. per share on the original shares as soon as they cau pay it. They state that there has beenAlready paid a dividend of 5 per cent., free of income-tax-equal to another half per cent.-and that when the further dividend of 2 per cent. shall be paid the return will be equivalent to 74) per cent. on the original capital for one year and tea months' working, with the worls in an incomplete state. The number of two-guinea season-tickets issuted for the current season was 4,83G, of one-guinea seasontickets 13,351, and of two-guinea transferable tick-ets, 666, makin-; together 1S,53 tickets, and representing 25,5721. The MV et End Railway, from the Crystal Palace to Clapham; is expected to be opened in August next, and to Slo ane-street station in the summer of next year. RAILWAY SHAREHOLDERS. From a return recently issed, at the instance of lfr. James Macgregor, it appears that the number of shAareholders in railway companies was 167,S79 on the 31st of December, 185. The number of shareholders in the London and North-Western Railway at that date was 15,115; inthe Great Western, 10,355; in the Midland, 10,104 ; in the North-Eastern, 8,637; in the Eastern Comuties, 8,514, in the Great Northern, 6,132; in the Lancashire and Yorkshire, 4,875; in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire, 4,467; in the South.Eastern, 4,434; in the London, Brighton, and South Coast, 4,416; in the London and South-Western, 4,067; in the North British, 3,466; in the North Staffordshire,3,142; inthe Caledonian,2,782; -adinthe GreattSouthern andWestern,2,550. The returnalhoshows that there were 298 ordinary meetings, and 116 extraordinary meetings, of railway companies held in 1853; 333 ordinary, and 116 extrsordinary, meetings in 1854 ; and 377 ordinary, and 137 extraordinary, meetings held in 1855-making for 1853. 414 meeting"; for 1854, 454 meetings; aud for 1855, 513 meetir,gs. The numbfr of proxies used by the shareholders in the year 1853 was 14,318S; in 1854, 15,5M ; and in 1S55. 11.69G. The proxy stamps amounted respectively to 1,7901., 1,9421., and 1,4621. REPORT OF THE COClEITTEE ON RAILWAYBILLS. STIIULLXG AND DUN;FER31LUqE. Mr. EGEP.TONz reported from the commnittee that the principal object of the bill is to enable the comprnpy to raise, by sbares and by borrowing, additional moneys for the purPoSe of providing for the debts and liabilities of the company in the completion of their undertakdng, and other purposes in relatiou thereto. The bill contains clauses for conesting the share capital and mortga,,e debt, and the moneys to be borrowed under the act, into stock, and to -authorize th company.to gluarantee theadditionil moneys to beraised, and to fund the debt of the cornpany. Tbe .Edinburgh and Glasgow Company petitioned aganst the biL,. and a clause was inserted in the bill saving the rights and liabilities of the Edinburgh. and Glasg-ow company and of the StirlinF and Dunfermline Railway Company and all legal quebtious pending in relatior thereto. - -
R"LWLAY AND AXZTG SHARES. Iriday Evening. The railway market has been more active, and rices exhibit in some cases a fiurther improvement. J:he purchases today gave increased strength. to lAniess, havin1g benprincipally for investment. Thindan shares were wrell supported, but French and :Belginan exhibited heaviness, the operations having been limited. Thnere was a moderate amount of bargains in Australian land, and banking shares, although quotations presented little variation. Miscellaneous shares were generally neglected. Ottoinan Bank left off 2j to A pm. ; Bank of Egypt, -to; lb pm.; National Discount Company, j to -rpm.; Riga Railway (the concession for wvhich has nbw been definitively obtained), 3 to 34 pm.; Per nzmbuco, Ii to i pin-; Loynbardo-Venetian, 5Xto - pm.; Banlk of Swsitzerland, j to pni pm., Ceylon Railvay, 1v- to 2apm.; Western of tondon, CdiS; to 4 pm. ; and Euphrates Valley, s to i pm.
I LIVERPOOL COTTOy-MABKET. I T.TV17PPO(IT. T.-, 01 ales.-Thia veek, 55,760; tot&l this 5ear, 1,516,770; same period In 1866, 1,849,540. Inmptled-7Thistweelk. 9,370; dttal 8thiayleAa3r, 1,i604; same period E xported.-FIns year, 91,105; same period in 1855, 89,9D6. Computed Stocgs.-Tia day, 763,100* same period n 1855, 539,360. Taken for Consumption.-Thia year. i,86,18o; samo period is 1855, Taaken on speculation this year .323,330 Saxne in M85.616.58 Stock in Liverpool, December31, 8655. 42,810 Same in 1854 . . . . .. . .f6, mIncpee of iriPort this year, compared with tho ame53 date last year ..29,27 Increaseof xport . .4289 ncremse of stock .c. . 163.740 Decrease of quantity ta'ken fo; consunMption * 157,600 There has been an improved demand for cotton, Particularly during t elatter part of this week; the trade buying with rather more coniidence, and some speculative operations being entered into, the aggregate sales are considerable. The market, however, has been rveUl supplied, and, though an improvement in its tone is perceptible, yet it is diilbcult to note upon the current qualities of American any change in our quotations. The effcct of the reduction made yesterday of the Bank rate of discount has bardly yet been felt. In Sea Islands the business done has been to a fair amount, but prices are unaltered. Lgyptians have not been in great request, yet prices are maintained. For Brazils the inquiry continues limited, and previous ratez are without change. Ln Surals a fair amount of bu.sbmess has b:een done, without their value beimg affected. 11eoo American, and 840 Surat are reyortedon specution and 940 American and 760 Surat for export. wre h..ve a coed generaldemand, but the market is very freely snDppie(1, and without change in price. The sales are 30,060 bales3,tO0 speculation and export.
I OrETTOPOLITOA CATTLIMAgET, June 27. The state nf trade was coneideerab altered to-day. The demand on the part of the butchers was extremely Uimited, in consequence of tbeclosener of the veather, and nrices were much lower for everytlThg, while a good 3any sheep andfamb sremained onrland.nsoid rAdvertisement.}-A Prize of Twenty Guineas-see " ittle England's Illustrated Newspaper," Id. monthly-open for competition to boy and girls, in public and private schools, or if receiving regular instruction in the famiy. A prize will be given for the best Esay on a stated subject, to be printed in the newspaper. For particulaJr see the Jnly number. Order of any bookselltr. The paper is fnel ot ineLruction a;d amu-sA4 [pr y'o-atil, ' Lillant ad .4lC:ep 2X,
SITrUiFGS IX f-MRWR. HOUSE OF LORDS. FRD.AY. JuNE 27. Their Lordships sat this morning for thc purpose of hearing the answers of the learned Judges to the questions put to them by the House in the foolqwing causes:- wILLIAM DORIE AND JA1ES LESIJE CARSTAIRS, EXECU- TORS OF IVILLIA-M MURRAY, DECEASED), rLAneTvFFS 1N EBROR, V. THE MAYOP, &C., OF BERWNICK-V'ONzTIVEED, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR. JOSIX CA-MrELL RIMETON V. SAME. JAMSES JEFFREYS OSWALD V. SA1E. These causes were argued on the 23d of June, when Sir F. Kelly and Mlr. J. Brown appeared for the plaintiffs in error in the first eause,- Mr. Unthank for the plaintiffs in error in the second and third; and the Solicitor-General and Mr. Manisty appeared in all for the defendants in error. The proceedings in error in these three cases were bronght to reverse a judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench, an I an affirmance thereof by the Court of Excheqruer Chamber, by vhich the sixth and seventh pleas pleaded by the defendants below in these actions were held bad in law. The actions were brought upon a bond in the Scotch form, dated January, 1842, and given to 'the corporation of Ber'wick upon-Tweed by the plaintiffs in error, as joint sureties for David Murray, upon his appointment to the office of treasurer of the corporation. The bond in question stated that at tw,o special meetings of the Council of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, held on the 27th of D)ecember, 1841, and thell1th of January, 1842, for the purpose of electing a treasurer, it was agreed that the treasurer should find sureties to the Council in the SUI of 2,C001. ; and that at every quarterly meeting, if then required to do so, he -hould present a correct account of the cash in his posesession, and that he should be avpointed for the remainder of the year ending the 9th of November, 184Z if it should so long please the Council, but not otherwise. - That at such meetings the Councilnoninated and elected David Murray to be their treasurer, upon the conditions aforesaid, and that it was agreed that the said David MIurray'should find security or caution for the payment- of all such siums of money as he might receive in consequence of his appointmient as treasurer. That the said David Murray and the plaintiffs in error as his sureties, bound and obliged themselves, their heirs, executors, successors, and administrators jointly and severally, well and truly to pay to the defendants in erior, or their successors, alL such sums of i4oney as the said David MSurray should, or might recover or receive in virtue of his appointment as treasurer during the whole time of his continuing in the said office in consequence of the said election or any annual or future election of the said Council to the said office. By the same deed David Murray bound himself to duly execute his office, and truly and faithfully to account to the said mayor, &c., for aI matters c* ,nmitted to his charge, and for all sums or sums of money with which he should from time to time be intrusted in the manner atore specified, and wthatever loss, damage, or expense should be sustained or incurred through the negligence, fraud, default, or 'intronissions of the said David Murray, the plaintiffs in error bound themselves jointly and severally to pay the samue to the sidd mayor, &c. Then came a clause limiting; the liability of the plaintifib in error to the sum of 2,0V00. The declaration went on to aver that, in consequence of the election of the Council mentioned in the hond, David Murray continued treasurer of the said borough, and received various sums in that capacity, amounting in the whole to upwards of 100,0001., and, although a reasorable time had elapsed for him to pay the same to the mayor, &c., ayet he had failed to pay a large part thereof-namely, 5,0001., although often requested to do so. It also alleged as a further breach that, although a reasonable time had elapsed since the death of D.avid Mfurray for the plaintiffs in error to pay the sum of 2,0001., as they.had engaged under their bond, yet they had failed in so doing. The defendants be low pleaded severa l pleas, but the only material ones were the sixth and seventh. The sixth plea stated that subsequently to the making of the bond, at a council meeting held on the 9th of November next after the passing of the 6th and 7th Victoria, c.S9, sec. 6 (passed August24, 1843), the Council under that act appointed David Mlurray to be treasurer of the borough thenceforth durnn the pleasure of the Council for the time being, and he thiaen accepted and continued in the office under and 'oy vhtue of the lastmentioned election and appointment from thenceforth during the pleasure of the Council, and not under any other election or appointment whatsoever. The plea thenFalleged a performance of the condition of the bond by David Murray at all times, and in respect of all his receipts from the time of his first election mentioned in the bond until and at the time of his re-election and acceptance of office on the 9th of ?November, 1843. The seventh plea alleged that after the making of the bend, and before any of the alleged breaches occurred, the plaintiffs in error made and deliveredto the defendants in error another bond of great value in full satisfaction of the bond now sued upon, which the defendants in error received and accepted in satisfaction of the bond so sued upon. The defendants in error demurred to these pleas, and, upon the demurrcrs being argued in Hilary Term, 1853, the Court of Queen's Bench gave judgment for the defendants in error. Error washrcu"ht on that judgment in the Exchequer Chamuber, which Court, in Easter Term, 1854, affirmed the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench. The judges, however, were divided in opinion, Barons Martin, .lderson, and Parke, and Justices Williams and Cresswell being for affiuming the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench, and the Lord Chief Baron, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and Mr. Justice Maule for reversing it. That jusdgment was now sought to be reversed. On the causes bemng arguled before the House on the 23d in*t. the learned judges had taken time to consider their anser to tl.e questions put to them by the Lord Chancellor. This morning the learned JUDGES; said that, in their opinion, the liability of the sureties still continued. The opinions of the learned Judges were then ordered to be printed COUTURIEP. AND OTHERS V. HASTIE AND ANOTIE1R. Sir F. Thesiger and Mr. Cowling appeared for the plaintiffs in error; and Mr. Butt and Mr. Bovill for the defendants in error. This was a writ of error brought to revese a Judgment of the Exchequer Chamber in an action wherein the plaintiffs in error were the plaintiffs, and the deftndants in error were the defendants. The action was brought in the Court of Exchequer to recover from the defendants, as factors, the price of a cargo of Indian corn sold by thenm for the plain- iffs, and which was repudiated by the purchaser under the following circumstances :-The cargo had been shipped on account of the plaintiffs at Salonica on board a vessel chartered by them, and bound for the United Kingdom. The plaintiffs, through MIessrs. Bernouli, their London agents, employed the defendants, as corn factors, to sell the cargo on a del rc-dci-e commission, it being supposed at that time that the car-go was still in existence on board the vessel,| and on its way to the United Kingdom. The defendants, acting upon this supposition, sold the cargo to one A. B. Cal1ander, who, in a few days afterwYards, discovered that the cargo had previouslv to his entering into the contract been unleaded, in consequence of its being in a heatedstate. and sold on account of the plaintiffis at Tunis. Imm;ediately upon discovering this circumstance Callander repudiated the contract on the ground that the cargo did not exist at the time of the contract of sale. The contract entered into by Callander with the defendants, as factors, was contained in the bought-note signed by him. That note was as follows: "London, 15thMay, 188. "Bought of Hastie and E[utchinson a cargo of about 1,180 qtuarters of Salonica Indian corn, of fair aversge quality when shipped, per Kezia Page. Captain Page, from Salonica, bill of lading dated the 22d of February, at 27 shillings per quarter, free on board, and including freight and insurance to a safe port in the United Ringdom, the vessel calling at Cork or Ealmouth for orders; measure to be calculated as customary;- payment at two months from this date, or in cash, less discount, at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, for the unexpired term, upon handing shipping documents. "A. B. CALLENDER." The principal question arose upon the construction to b put upon that document. Thlere was no evidence to show thatthe language used in it had any other than its ordinary meaning, except that the term "free on board" meaut tha: the goods were on hoard the veassscl. The case was tried before Mr. Baron Martin, who ruled at NJis! Priu-s that ihe contract imported that at the time of the sale the corn was ine.xistence as such and capable of delivery, and at the conclusion of the case directed the jury to find a verdict iu favour of the defendants, at the same time reserving leave to the plaintifls to move to enter a verdict in their fav-our. The case wsa!afterwards argued in the Court of Exchequer on a motion to enter a verdict generally for the plaintiffs and for judgement iox obstante r-esedicto on the sixth plea, and the rule was made absolute; but, the learned Barons having differed in opinion, it was agreed, on the suggestion of the Court of LExchequer, that the question should he brought before the Court of Exchequer Chamber on a bill of exceptions, as if the Lord Chief Baron had directed the jury in conformity w ith the decision of tlie Coin-S of Exchequer. The Court of Exchequer unanimously reversed the judgment of the Court of Exchequer, and confirmed the ruling of MIr. Baron Mlartin at the trial, on the ground that the contract in question was for the sale of a cargo which -was supposed to exist and to be capable of transfer; and that, inasmuch as it had been sold and delivered to others by the captain of the vessel, before thle contractin question was made, the plaintiffs could not recover. That judgment had nowv been brought before the Hqouse. At the conclusion of the argmuentS, in answver to a question put by the Lord Changeller, The learned JUDeES said they saw no ground for distarbing the decsion of the Court of Exchequer Chamber. The LORD CHANCELLOR. then said, in his opinion, the judgment of the Court of Exchequer ought to be affirmed. Judgment aflirmed accordingly. ArPEALS. SAYER V. ISRADLEY AND OTh1ERS. This cause was originally heard in July last year, when it was adjourned for the purpose of their Lordshins hain the opinion of the learned Judges upon the case. ft was accordingly re-arged in Mav last. when certain questions were put to the earned Judges, who took time to consider. M1r. R. Palmer and Mr. Surrage appeared for the appellant; and the Solicitor-General and Mir. G. I . Giffard for the respondents. This was an appeal from a decree pronounced by the Court of Chancery in England. The appellant was George Sayer, and the respondents were Stephen Bradley and Jane Isis wife, William Boys, the younger, John Wilkin, William Boys, thRev. Edward George Boys, clerk, and Jane Bradley, spinster. The question which arose in the case turned upon the construction to beput upon certain words in the will of the late Rear-Admiral George Sayer, by which he bequeathed a certain portion of Ihis property to his " nearest of kin in the male line in preference to the female line." The brothers and sisters of the testator were his only next of kin at the time of his making his will, and also at the period of his death, on the 29th of April, 1831. The respondent Jane Bradley was one of SiS sisters, all of whom, with the exception of herself, died prior to the time when, under the terms of the will-namely, 21 years after the testatoes death, they would become entitled to any portion of the property bequeathed, The only one of the other five sisters wEho left issue Was Mr. Boys, the mother of the respondent William Boys. The testator bad two brothers, both of whom died bachelors; and it appeared that the testator, his two brothers, and his bix cisters, wvere the only surviving children of his fater. The testitur's pate-naI grandfa.ther-had orneother- son besides thetestator's aLther. TPhxt son died in the lifetime of the testator, leavimg issue the present appellfnt, George Sayer, and other children, all of whom, with the.exception of the appellant and his two sisters, died within the lifelimne of the testator. Upon the death of the testator's surviving brother the a p pelIant became the sole next of kin in the line of pure male relationship while Jane Bradley, formerly Jane Sayer, was nearest of kin generally. In this state of things-the qeestion arose as tX which of the prties was entitled to take under the admiral's will, the appellant claiming as " nearest of the male line" by means ot an unbroken succession of males, and Jane Bradley, formerly Jane Sayer, claiming as the nearest of kin as a descendant o£ the testatorts' father, his nearest of kin as cx paternd, which, in her behalf, it Was contended, was the true interpretation.of the words in the Wi "in the male line." The case was originally heard before Vice-Chanaellor Wood, vwho pronounced a decree in favour of the respondents, from which decree an appeal was made to the Lords Justices, who, after due argument, affirmed the decree o' the Vice-Chancellor, and from this latter decision the pre. sent appeal was brought. The learned JUDGES now delivered their opinion on the questions put to themn by the Elouse, and they held that the property should descend to the nearest male heir of the testator, descending fromn the testator's father. The opinions of the learned Judges.were then ordered to be printed.
J&DICIAL COMMITTEE OF PRIVY COUNCIL, Friday.Jutne 27. CAMPBWLT V. COILEY. (Before Dr. LusnnGTOS, Sir EDwARD RyAx, Sir JoHn PATTISON, and Sb- Wialnu Ff. NA=.) This was an appeal from the Prerogative Court of Can. terbury, prosecuted by Mr. Campbell, from a decision given by the learned JUDGE of that court, pronouncing that a marriage contracted between Mr. Corley, the respondent, and Afrs. Campbell, the mother of the appellant, since deceased, had been legaly solemnized, and consequently that Mr. Corley was entitled to administration of her effects. Mr. MAN?OSTz, on behalf of the appellant, said that this case presented a melancholy aspect in many respects. The pleadings were of an extraordinary nature, and had called forth from the learned Judge of the court below obiervatious which no one could say were not well founded. The suit began in the ordinary and proper form, propounding simply the marriage. That was meo by an allegation on tWe part of Mr. Campbell stating facts and circumstances bearingonthe material issue -namely, whether the marriage vas contracted or not; and there was nothiug in it which their Lordships would condemn or say was wroug. That was succeeded by a counter allegation on behalf of Mr. Corley, in which he went beyond the boaunds of anythin, usually allowed in courts of justice, and made charges of a character the most disgracefuL That opened a door for irimination and recrimination which it was most difficult to close. He ventured, however, to say, without fear of contradiction, that the fault of the pleadings as they now stood lay on Mr. Corley. He submitted that this was a case in which 3r. Campbell had a r2ight to say, " Prove to the letter that the law has been complied with." le contended that there had not been a compliance with it. Mrs. Campbell, at the period of the marriage, was upwards of SO years of age, infirm in body, still mnore infirm in purpose, a stanch Roman Catholic, as stated by Mr. Corley, a woman of a religious mind with her feet both in the grave, and her mind only out of it. It appeared from the testimony of Mr. Corley himself that it was the intentiorn of the parties that this should be a private or clandestine marriee The object was to prevent any human being who inew them from snspecting that sudc an act -was being perpetrated. The place selected was one which of late years the Legislature hld sanctioned, but only provided the parties complied with the requisitions of the; act of Parliament, the 6th acid 7th William IV., c. 85, sec. 21. The object was to prevent clandestine marriage, and it wa s necessazy thaG the doors of the registrars-office should be open. In this case it was n,either pleaded nor proved that the marriage was celebrated with open doors. On reading Mr. Corley's evidence he (Mr. Manisty) had the conviction forced upon him that that was a deliberate wilful omission. Until it was proved that the doors were open their ILordships would not atfirm the marriage. - MIr. Corley represented f r. Campbell as being a m an of hot temper and cruel to his mother, and said that she was afraid of him, sought refuge in privacy, and did not intend to let the marriage be know n. UJpon three several occasions she had flinched from gong to any place to undergo the degradation to which she was subJected, because she was afraid of publicity. From her ieligious convictions she would have gone, if she could,.to a close private chamber in a Reman Catholic chapel, but, not being able to do so, she went to the Registrar's-office, where arrangements had been made that she should be kept safe from the appearance of her son. ILr, Corley assigned as the reason why they were not manried at a Roman Catholic chapel that the celebration could not take place there with closed doors, but, according to the act of Parliament, wherever it was, it must be with open doors. The superintendent-registrar and the deputy-registrar omitted in their evidence as to compliance with the act of Parliament. all reference to open doors. The object of the parties married wvas to defeat the law, and he entreated their Lordrships not to siy that it was proved to their satisfaction that the marriage had been celebrated according to law. Dr. Jsnc\xr (with whom was the Admiralty Advocate), on behalf of the respondent, said it appeared to him that at 'was now admitted that the marriage was valid if ho could satisfy their Lordships that in the one exception pointed out the statute had been complied with. It was also admitted that Mr. Corley had commenced the suit in a proper manner. In the allegation given in by Mr. Campbeli it was pleaded that there had been secrecy and clandestinity; that there had been no acknowledgment of the parties being I married; that by the marriage he had been deprived of his patrimony; and yet his mother had alwvays exhibited great anxiety on his behalf. In reply to that it was necessary to show that his mother had constantly complained of his violent conduct, of loose women with whom he had cohabited, and one of whom, at. least, he had introduced to her. It was in consequence of that conduct of the son, and with the view of obtaining the assistance and support of Mr. Corley, that the marriage took place. As to the three notices of marriage which had expired, it appeared underher own hand that after the marriage hadbeen broken off by Mr. Corley she actuallv wrote to him desiring that he would name a particular time, and after he had fixed the day she gave him direct authority to take all the proceedings necessary before the registrar. The learned advocate having read some of Mrs. Campbell's letters in support of hisstatement Dr. LUSHINGTON interposed, and inquired wvhether it was necessary to go into that point after it was alleged that the fact of marriage was admitted. Dr. JE itER wonld not pursue that subject further. It might be true that the parties had an objection to be married at a Roman Catholic chapel when the doors were all open; but it did not follow that it was their intention to conceal the marriage in the way which had been suggi sted by his learned friend. The registrar's-office was selected because it was more private than a Roman Catholic chapel, where the lady might be known. It wavs not usual in ordinary eases to plead that the marriage was celebrated with open doors, and it certainly was not proved that the doors were closed. The marriage was good whether the doors were closed or open, but, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, their Lordships would presume that everything was rightly done. Mr. Thssssry having briefly replied, Dr. LuxsLNGTo_x, in delivering the judgment of their Lordahips, said that the objection t.akenon behalf of Mr. Campbell proceeded on the assumption that the marriage in point of fact, did take place at the registrar's-office, hut it was said that it had neither been pleaded nor p lroved that the doors were open. On the other hand, it had been urged thatthere had been no intentional closing of the doors. Their Lordships all conceived that where a marriage was celebrated in the presence of the registrar and the deputyregstrar, iunless te contrary appeared, it m'st be presumed that all the requisites of the statute had been complied with. It was the desire of Mrs. Campbell to have the marriage solemnized in a private manner, but that was totally distinct from legal clandestinity. He imagined that was the every-day practice even among persons of the highest rank, and-who were most cognizant of the law. He recollected a very remarkable instance where it was desirable not to have the marriage made public, and where measures were resorted to to solemnize it privately. There was no illegality in persons desirous of avoiding publicity solemnizingitasprivatelyas the lawwould allow. Presumning that thelawvwas intentionally violated on this occasion, then how did the case stand with reference to the statute itself ? It had fallen to his lot to consider the quest-ion in the case of "Catterall v. Sweetman," and, as it was his duty to do, he had talken great pains to ascertain the law. It appeared from that investigation that there -were several statutes for the regulation of marriages, and punishments for disobedience prescribed, but no clause of nullity had been inserted, nor any attempt made to obtain from any court a decree of nullity, on the ground that the statutes were disobeyed. The 42d section of the statute which had been referred to prescribed what marriages should be voild uder it. If that had not speciied that a marriage with closed doors was contrary t0 the statute, lhow could their Lordsiips create it a nullity? Could they takeit upoIn themselves to say that the Legislature intended to do more than had actually been done? Their Lordships were all of opinion that the objection to the validity of the marriage could not be sustained. They were of opinion that the learned Judge of the court below was right in coming to the conclusion that there had been a valid marriage, that there was no justification for the present appeal, and that the judgment therefore must be affirmed, with costs. Mr. Campbell expressed a wish to put in some letters fromi is mother to him in answer to the charge made against him of treating her with cruelty. Dr. LUSHLNGTON said their Lordships must decline to receive them. They were utterly irrelevant to the issue.
[Advertisement.]-" Evelynt Mfarstont," by the author of "EmniliaWyNdham a c., in3vol3,isnowready.-*', rs.2larshhashere gven us a purely nWtural, domestic, arnd touching story. The heroine, F.teyn, marriesagifted yo'ung arist, immder the impression that she has 3 fortune at her own disposal. Acting on that notion expenEes are incurred, sad the honeymoon passes sweetly away. It is discovered too late that she ispenniless. The embarrasment thus occasioned affords srope for the description of those scenes of mingled tenderness aud distreSm in which Trs. Marsh excels, anq1 calls forth all the higher qualities of Evelyn's nature. She is a pretty creation. Iu the dtys of prosperity, ' unceztain, hard, and coy to please.' but in the time of trial 2:rninistering angel, patient, provident, and pious. The narrative flo,ws pleasirgly on, and the sentiment is full of thought andemotion." -`'The Press.' [Advertisement.}-The Courts of the Crystal Palace.- Tlhe - Art Journal" for July price 2° CL, contains engravings from the following pictures in the ltoyal collection:-" Mary anointing the feet of Christ," by Rubens. and '5Milkingt4ime" by P. Potter also, an engraving or ' Pul anud Virgillia," from tbre groutp by W. C. Marshall. Amzong she litera~ry conteDto are :Ttle Porcelain ?,lanufactory oE Chira, hyyhrr.hfzrrillld-Th, ,liestrels of the 3lidd]eAgeea by she Bev:l LI Cotta, illustrated-The DutchGenre-psintera bylr F.,r.F hole. lllutrxatcd-Pholorolvanegrapby. 1yI. Hosmt5 F.RS.-Britiah Artists: their St.ge and Character, No.;G,3 J. B. Pyne. illirtrated-The. (ceramlic Court of the Cryta:l Pal,tce, Dlu ntrwtefi. Virtue and Co., 25, I'atermntte-rot.
LAW BEPO1'T. _---- o. COURT OF CHANCERY, FRDAY. JUN 27 FENWICK V. POTTs& I (Before Ute LORDS JUSTXCES of APPEAL) Their Lordships at the sitting of the Court gave judgment in this case, which was argued early in the preseaxt month. The facts are of a complicated nature, but wholly devoid of general interest. The appeil was from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, which the Lords Justices afrmed. Mr, Mains and hfr. Smythe were counsel in support of the decree; Mr. Elmsley and Mr. Shebbeare were for the appellants. 'The appellants were directed to pay the costs of the. appeaL IS sAISRUUPTCY.-EM PAXTE LESLIT, fl 'RE LESLiE_ This was the petition of a bankrupt (whose certificate had been refused by MWr. Commiscsioner Evans), a coal merchant and ga; contractor at Herne Bay. In November, 1S5, the banl;rupt obtained a loarn of 1,Of. from the Travellera' end Marine Insurance Company, he representing that 'ue was then in business, the fact being that he was not then in busiuess as a trader at alL For this act, whieh the commissioner deemed fraudulent, his certificate was refused. Mr. SNVwxSTONT, in support of the appeal, arguedthat inasmuch as the money was borrowed by -Mr. Leslie before he was a trader the 19Sth section of the Binlrupt Law Consolidation Act did not apply.- That-section required the commissioner to have regaid to the conduct of the trafer, both before and after his bankruptcy, and the Legislature meant his conduct while he was in the situation and flUed the character of a trader, and as the representations here made were made by Mr. Le lie I-efore he became a trader they -were not within the pioper cognizance of the comniissioner, and this, although the debt had become provable under the bankruptcy. - - ir. Hoare was on the same side; MLr. BErsldne appeared for the company; and Mr. Bacon and Mr. Bagleywere counsel in rLupport of the commissioner's deCsion, but were not caUed upon. Lord Justice srGa BaRr ucE said that the bankrupt, the son of a London tradesman, and upwards of 28 years old. and who had passed his chirE time between indosr and Paris, wras, late in October,ta8n desirous oif borrowing merey, partly for his own uaccomnodation, and partly for his brothers, and accordingly applied toa this msurance office, which, like other offices, was willino to lend to those who in return wvould insure, FPor this purpose the office had certain forms which borrowers were required to fill up;i and amoug the questioyn one wvas what was " the purpose for which the loan wvas required," and another was " what w as -the business and the addressof the 7^urrower, and whether he was in busineasfor himself, or on his ownacoutnt, and for howr long."7 The bankrupt, being in nio business, filled up the blank by ?aying the loan was wanted for " extension of business,"' and that he was a tailor in business on his own account for five years, and his address was No. 60, Conduit-street. His Lordship considered that the irresistible inference to be drawn, and intended by the bankrupt to be drawn, was that the bankrapt was a tailor living at that place, and that he had been in business as a tailor on his own - account for five years. The bankrupt was not an apprentice or a partner to or with Lis father, and the representation was a wilful and fraudalent misrepresentation upon which he obtained the money. It had been said that the misrepresentation originated with the confidential agent of the company, but a man little short of 30 years old could not be heard to say that he was minsled by another who it so misleading him he (the baski apt) knew to be gullty of a gross breach of honesty and duLty to h is employers, and by which the banrupt had profited. It had also been said that, as the bankrupt was not in any trade when the transaction took place, this Court could not deal wnth it under theact of Parliament, but the answer was that thke bank;rupt having falsely represented himself as a trader, he coulld not he heard now to say the contrary, he having profited byhis falsehood and dishonesty. The casewas altogether one of the clearest that could be conceived for an entire refusal of a certificate, so as to prevent a man acting as this bankrupt had done being let loose upon society to practise further frauds of such a description. The certificate must be whollv refased. Lord Justice Tui.NERt was satisfied, from the first mnment of the opening of the petition, that the transaction in question was based upon falselhood, and that the certificate ought to be wholly refutsed.
VICE-CEANCELLORS' COURTS, JuZ 27. I THE 3LBER OF ClIBSLYN- HALL, A SOLICITOR OF THE COURT. AND DOMON-D V TnoTRnL (Before Vie-ChancenZaorSirJ. STUAIT.) This was the petition of Mr. John Turner, of New Bondstreet, and Mr. William Henry Palmer, of Bedford-row, praying that 3ir. Cheslyn Hallmiight be struck off the roll of solicitors of this court. On the 13th of July, 1BM, an order was made in the above cause, directing the sum of 2,9901. 12s. lld. to be paid to the plaintiff ; and on the 26th of July the plaintiff, accompanied by Mr. Cheslyn Hall, attended at the Accountant-General's to receive it, upon which the Accountant-General's check for tne above sum was given to Mr. Hall, who wrote across it.the name of his bankers. Mr. Hal subse uentlypaid the check into his bankers, who received tae amount. One-fifth of the above sum was subject to the trusts of a deed. of which the petitioners and Mr. C. HaU were trustees, the trusts being for the benefit of a Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, and their children, and Mr. Hall, in his affidavit, stated that he and his partner, Mr. H. Hall, were entitled, as mortgagees and otherwise, to the remaining fourfifths. In October, 1S55, Mfr. Johnson's soiicitor requested from Messrs. H. and C. HaU some information relating to the above suit, upon which Mr. C. Hall, in the name of himself and his partner, Mr. H. Hall, made out and delivered to Mr. Johnson's solicitor the following memorandum - " One-fifth of 2,9901. 12s. lid., paid to Mrs. Johnson's tnrstees, as one of the chil- dren of C. Turner deceased, and invested ... 0598 2 7." In the courseof last monththe petitioners, forthe firsttime, discovered that Mr. C. Hall had never invested the sum of 5981. 2s. 7d. MX. GOLDSmmID was heard in sunport of the petition. Mlr. LECii appeared for the ecsisuiqzw trusts, but The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that in a case of this kind he could not hear counsel for anyone but the petltionei s and the respondent. Mr. BACO-N and MWr. EBRD, for the respondent, Mr. Cheslyn Hall, contended that the act of misappropriation complained of was a mere breach of trust, that there was no pretence for saying that Mr. C. Hall had acted as the solicitor of the petitioners, and that to support an application of this nature it was necessary to show by the clearest and most conclusive evidence that the party against whom it was made had acted professionally, and not merely in the capacity of trustee. The VsCE-CHxxcrLLor..-Tbis is an application of avery p ainful kind, and it is iimpossible not to agree with what has been urged by the counsel on behalf of the respondent, that the order asked for is in a high degree penal, and one which the Court is not justified in making, except on the clearest evidence, and in a case of imperative necessity, arising from that obligation which the Court owes to the public. It is said that there is no instance of the Court punishing in such a way one of its officers who has been guilty of a mere breach of trust. A mere breach of trust by an officer of the Court I conceive to be a very serious matter, Unless the officers of this Court are in the highest degree trustworthy, the greatest danger to the public must occur. Iconsider it to be the duty of the Court, when it finds one of its officers clearly guilty of conduct which shows him not to be trustworthy, to remove from the list of its officers the person against whom that charge has been proved. Transactions in ordinary business can only be carried on in reliance on the integritv of individuals; for if in every transaction notbing were done without the strictest legal evidence, and if nothing were to be taken on the faith of representations being true and honest, the transaction of business would be soimpeded as to make the affairs of mankind in the highest degree difficult to be conducted. What is alleged against this respondent is not a mere breach of trust,-not that he merely received a sum of money of which he was a trustee, and misappropriated it, which would be the case of a simple breach of trust,-but the case alleged against him is that, in addition to receiving and not properly applying a sum of money, ho wilfully and deliberately put into the hands of the solicitor of a person interested in the fund a representation that thattrust fund was invested. It is beyond all doubt, on the evidence of ZMr. Hall himself, that he delivered the paper containing that misrepresentation into the bands of Mr. Nicholson, as solcitor for Mr. Jobnson. That that was an untrue and dishonest representation was beyond aU doubt, and the unfortunate nature of Mr. Hall's case is that he is obliged to rely on technicalities and on circumstances which do not show that the representation is one to be excused, or honest, or anything else than one wholly unfounded in truth. It is said that it was made to a person who does not complain of it, and that those who do now complain have no right to appsar before the Court and ask that AIr. HaU may be punisbed for his misconduct. That it is misconduct, and misconduct of a grossly dishonest kind, appears to be beyond doubt. If the person who appears to complain has no right to do so, the Court would be bound to act on that view of the case which has been presented by the counsel for the defendant. But the persons wlo complain are the co-trnstees of -Mr. Hall, who comuiitted the breach of trust and made the misrepresenta.tion. Therefore it can hardly be said that they are wholly unconcerned in the matter. One of the petitioners is himself an officer of the Court; and if a trust is administered by three persons, two of whomn are solicitors, and when one of those solicitors is giilty of a breach of trust for which his co-trustees are liable, and, in addition to imposing on those co-trustees a pecuniary liability arising from his misconduct, he makes a representation which proves to be false and untrue to a person acting for one interested in the truct-money, I cannot understand on what greund the co-trustee is not in a situation to ask the Court to dismiss from the list of its officers, on which that cotrustee intends to remain, a person who has abused his trust and who has been guilty of the conduct complained of. I caunot carry the doctrine so far as it has been urged at the bar on the question who has the right to come forward as public prosecutor in such a case as this. It appears to me to be wholly immaterial to consider whetherMr.Hallwasthesolicitor in the cause for Mr. Johnson or not. The case, therefore however painful, is one in which I nftirtunately, and with great regret, feel iobliged to say that I have not the slightest doubt or diffi- culty, and that it is ny most painful duty to say that this gentleuan has been guilty of such a misrepresentation, in addition to a breach of t±ust, that I cannot consistently with what is due to the public and to the other men of high honour and character engaged in the same profession allo* hinm to remain an officer of this Court. There would therefore be an order according to the prayer of the petition. (Before Vice-CawncdlJor Sir'W. P. WOOD.) tBROADSEENT V. THE 11MPERIAL GAKS LIGIHT ND COKE CO.SrAL.NY. This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the company from manufacturing gas or coke in a new retort-house which had been erected, or in any retort-house nearer to the plaintifi's premises than that used before the year 1851, or from allowing to be emitted from the -new retort-house, or any retort-house nearer to the plaint:if's premises than that used before 1851, any smoke, steam, gas, soot, coal, or coke dust, or any qtber matter i.oxioia to Yegektonl in tbo plaintiff's useygrounds or whichm4ht nderrtheWain. tifl's house unhealthyor unfitfor llbitation. r. S elwyn, Mr. Green, Mrz. JoD]iffe, andalr. Russefl (of the cotumnon law bar) appered on behalf oE the plAintiff; MSr. Bolt, Mfr. Wilde, t;Q. .jlfrTa and 3or. hegCorla. S h cae ws nt cncldedat the riing oE tfie Court.
COIRT OF QUEEN'S BENCE GDuiLDnnA JuM 2r MUSINESS or ComVR. (SiUings at Nisi Prius, beforcLe ;d CA3Eprm and Con.- * i7on Ju3 im) - : The london sitEings after term began this day. mie cause list contained an entry of 65 causes, 40 of which are marked for special juries. Thelist willbe continued. At a later period of the day lord CAPBu.r said i 'wished to state, for the information of the bar, that on MIonday nextthere would be two CourLs stting at Guild. hall to try issues in this court. COPELIN V. SMl'f *Mr. Hawkins and Mr. Sleigh appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. jear t Parry and Mfr. j. W. Smith for the deendant. 'he plainff inthis action, James Copelin, wastthe keeper of ahban and beef shop in the Commercial-road, and he suedthe derendant, Joseph Smith, an attorney in the same neighbourhood, to recover damag for the detainer of A lease which had been delivered to the defendant, in order thit be might prepare an abstract, &c., but which the jlain. tiff alleged the defendant had failed to return. The de. fendant pleaded the general issue, and also that he had a lien upon the doed ;- but in the progress of the trial Lorct CAMPBELL intimated his opinion that the defendant could not rely upon the latter defence to the present action. The only remaing question then was whether the lease had been returned. The plaintiff swore positively that it had not, 'and he gave evidence to show that when the defendant was appEed to for the lease he did not rely upon the fact that he had returned it, bht that on one occasion he said he believed he had got it, and on another that he would look for it. Mr. Sejeant PA;.BY cAUed the defendant, who swore positively that he had returned the lease, and accounted for his promise to look for the lease by saying that he was aswaref "the fallibility of human nature," and that hel made the search at, of coxnplimsnt to the plaintif Jobh Smith, the defendauts clerl, wras r called, ant swore pod" tively that he was present and saw the deed returneda It appeared that the defendant had moved the papers in hii otfice in a track, and he caid he had plaoed them all in safety in a truck, so that it was not likely that he had lost the document, as suggested by the plaintif. Lord C.AmPBEnL having summed up the evidence, the jury found a verdict for the plantiff and ultimately it was arranged that the jury shouId assess the damag,es at lOt., t* be reduced to ls. (with a certificate for costs), on the de fendant delivering up the lease or eertifled copy to the pjiantff. llOBSOX V. SM=. Mr. O'Malley, Q.C., Mr. Chamrock, and _r. Mellish ap. peared for the plaintiff; and MIr. Edwin james, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins for the defendant. i Mr. O'MAxuaw, in his owening stAtement, said the plain.; tiff, George Hobson, was X tailor of No. :57, Lombard-street, in the city, much known to the public by his advertisements in the public journals, ilways, and omnibuses. The de. fendant, Joseph Smith, was his former shopman, who, it appeared, was now attempting to rival his former employer in th;e same trade, by carrying on ~n opposition shop at No. 38 in the same street. - The action was brought to recover damages for deceitfullv and fraudclentlyrepresentingto the public that the business of the plaintiff was being carried oa at No. 38, which the declaration alleged was not the faet4 whereby the plaintilf had lost divers customers, &c. It would appear that in ach, 1855, Hobson took Smith into his employ s shopman; but the latter left in January, 1856, and soon after opened The City Paletot mporium," at elo. 38 nearly opposite No. b7. He was joined bv another of the plaintiff's hopmen, wh o ws too ill" wo remain 'with his oldimaster; and the two carried wnethe opposition business with more success than was agreeabl to Byr. hobson. It was found that Hobson's customers fon their way to easly to i;naithis shop-a fact which was fnllv explained to heobson, wnen he obseved the mode in whi Smith had caesed his (obson's) name to b represeneda the front of the shop. Over the wtndowa these -ords were represeted,-" City Ppaletot Emporium, 38, J, Smith, fromt Geo. Hobson's" The words d Geo. Hobson's " were written in 'very. largc Xetters, extending the vwhole width of tho windowa, while the other part of the superscription wr s wntten in much smaller letters on a board, which projecteo fully eightinches, so that a Eassenger wonld bew laetoesap pose the shop was not Smnith s, but Hobson's. A letter was written to the defendant demnanding "satisfaction" and the remova of Hobson's name, to wihich the defendant retorted, saying that he treated Hobeon with "sapreme contempt," bat ,hat he wsolrd make the alteration requireof htm. --The present action was then brought, and the same dayetehascription underwentpan alteration, which was far from being "Hobson's choice," and, in fact, acc-ording to his view, made the matter worse. The name "cJ Smith" was more displayed by being shaded, tc, and th; words "late" and "ith" ere itten insmall letters before and afteritho nae, so that the inscription ran thus"a aate i. StIrrHn with GbORste holSO2Ne It wa3S contended' that the inscription so altered, and which remained up to this day, made it appear that thebusiness was lately carried on by Smith, bnt wras now caried on by wobson. tna trial promised to be a rather amusing one, hut when the plaintiffgoteitothe box, and waspreparing to detail the particulars of his injrin-s, Lord C&BES sP d asked Mr. James whether he meant to defend the inscription as it now stood. Mr. JULLESL said he ws prepared o defend the inscription asit stood e when theactionwatbrordiht. His Lordship wos aware thatsit was avery common thing ineLondon forpayrsonsto put np over their shop windows "From 's me fthe defedant had no right to represent that it was the plaintiffs shopa bat he had a right to say where he came from. Lord CAaeBEL1 said it mi5,ht be muach for a tradesman'ts nrofit to let that be knowvn; and it mi6ht also be for tho aidvantage of the plaintiff. His Lordship instanced the case of an artist weho gave it out that he studied nnder sach an artist, and of a barrister who liked it tohe knowFn Etha he wa&S the pupil of MKr. So and So. Mr. Jxwss-We don't write thatup over our chambers (laulghter); but I have no doubt that it would have been a great advantage to me if I had a pupil of your Lordship. I should have learned a great deal more. Lord CAMPISEL suggested that it would be well that some one should determine whEat should be done to settlc the dispute. Mrr. J,ijEys said he was quite agreeable; it was a lament.. able thing to see "twvotailors in the samnesuit." (Laughter. ) Mrr. O'MALLY said he would consent-to the proposal, provided that if the arbitrator directed any alteration of£ the inscription to be made the defendant should pay the costs. This being agreed to, the cause was referred to a member of the bar, who undertook to look at the inscription, and.; to direct wPhat alteration, if any, should be made in it.
COURT OF CO1ION PLEAS. GUILDIIALL JTuN- 27. (Siaings at Nisi Prius, before Lord Chief Justice JERNIS.) The CounT was occupied the greater part of the day with trying an action for false imp~risonmnent, arising out ofi a squabble,between the plaintift and defendant as to some accounts, one party alleging that they were partncrs, anI the other that they stood in the relation of master andservant. The case was of interest only to the parties concerned.
fnlmTTPT A1' RYqTr.1OlTh fTnn TA17. Xrn.- 97 WIGODA V. BAKER (Before the LoRn CnEF B.&RoN and a Comm2on JTurU.1 Mr. Naylor and 31r. rpeke appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. H. T. Cole was counsel for the.defendant. This was an action to recover compensation in damages for anassault. The plaintiff is a foreigner, and resides at Bristol, and the defendant is a cheesemonger, carrying on business in the same city. One day in the early part of thi year the plaintiff walked into the defendant's shop and said, II I am a gentleman, and want a cut of good cheese." The defendant took several pieces down, and the plaintiff tasted and disapproved them alL At last the defendant took a piece out of his shop window, and said, " Here is some at Id. per pound. Will it do 1e Ah" said the plaintiff, "That's capital-cut me half a pound." The defendant cozt a piece, and when it was weighed It was found to be one ounce over the reguired quantity, for which be purposed to charge the plaintiff one farthing extra. The defendant said, <'No; 1 an a gentleman, ana have nothing to do with farthings." The defendant taid. "Well, Sir, you may either take it or not, as you please." The plantiff then became violent and abusive. The defendant retired up his shop, when th-e plaintiffcaDed out that he was a contemptible cheat. The defendant then requested the plaintiff to withdraw from his shop, which he declined to do, and the shophoy was despatched for a policeman. No policeman being forthcomngr., and the p]aintifr still remaining in the shop and abusive, the defendant attempted toput him out; a strnuggle ensued, inthe course of which a square of glass in the door was broken. The plaintiff was called to support his case, and the defendant and anotherwitnessin contradiction, whenthejury intimatedthat they were perfectly satisfied with the case as it stood, and found a verdictfor the defendant. PARRY V. KETSErS. MIr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Ha'ke for the defendant. Thtis was an action for not repairing a house and premises pursuant to a covenant in a lease for a term of 14years, commencing in 1842. The iury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 20o.
COUBT of BANKRU-PTCY, Bsinghag$strec4 Jj,2c 27. LIN RE FOSSEY ASD STEEL (Brforc Mr. Commitionzcr GOimBURN.) The baraupts were timber merchants, of miflwvall. Their accounts have been published. This was the certificate meeting. tr. eLinklater appeared for the assignees, Mr. Chidley for Fossey; and Mr. Lawrance for SteeL The Co'timissioNCER said the bankrupts might either receive certificates at once of the second class, or wait the result of proceedings against ,Ur. Walker, upon whom they had an alleged claim of 7,000!. Should those proceedings tenminate in favour of the claim they would very probabJy receive certificates of the first class. The bankrupts preferred immediate certificates, and, His Holou., having said that there were very favourable circurnstances in the ca-e, granted second-class certificates accordingly. (Bcforc Mr. Vommmirircr HoLRoYD.) IlS PX' WOOLLEIT AND WOOLLETT. Thebankrupts wereship and insurance agents, in Limestreet. Mr. BL.4xr'D, for the assignees, did not oppose and Mr. T VLARANCk; for the bankrupts, asked for first-class certificates, which were granted. (Bcfore Mr. Commisioner FA NL-) In RE E. FOLlOURD. The bankrupt was a grocer, of Lury-lane. Mr. SmIRREFF, for the assignees, was desirons that he should receive a first-class certificate. ils floiOUR said the debts were 1,2G01. or 1,400., and
IZNSOLVENT DEBTOR& COURT, Jrunt 27. IN RE THOMAS ILLOWS VINCENT. (Before Mr. UommiUioner MURPIIY.1 This insolvent, who was a coal-merchant at Clarencewharf, Camberwell, was opposed by Messrs. Jones, coal3nerchants, Princes-street, Lambeth. The complaint was fraud in the contracting of the debt 'with the opposing creditor, and keeping false account- xoklrs. It appeared that the insolvent, who had been clerk to the late owner of Clarence-wharf, was put into business at the same place by Messrs. Jones. He was to deduct a certain sum for wages and other matters, and to pay thc money zealized by the sale of coals to the opposing credihor. After three months he was to render monthly accounts, but they were not strictly examined, and when they vere investigated it -was found that false entries had been sanido and other entries withheld. Messrs. Jones were crekitors for about S671. for coal, and they were liable for an advance made to the insolvent by the New Alliance Companv and would be losers to upwards of 1,0001. . Commissioner 31URPJY was of opinion that the insolvent had committed two offences-withheld entries from his account-books, and incurred a debt by a breach of trust. The opposing creditors had with great kindness put }sin into business; he was their factor, servant, or agent, and by his aggravated frauds they would be losers to more than 1,0001. His Honour pronounced a judgment of 12 calendar months, under the two sections, from the vesting order made in April.
POLICE. MhLsSIoN--uioUsE.-Two of the unfortunate creatures who live by prostitution were brought before Alderman } IS, in the custody of Hayton (558), charged with 32aving actedin the most offensive mannerto the respectable inhabitants of both sexes in the -Ninories and vicinity. For the third or fourth time Mr. Aunis and other gentlemen who reside in the Minories applied for the interposition of the city rsagistracy to cause an abatement of a rapidlyextending evi, by which the female members of their families were especially shocked and insulted, and which they despaired of checking without the resolute aid of the authorities. By day and night women of the town parade the Minories,1eadenhall-street, Tower-hi]H, and other streets in the neighbourhood, and by a regulation entered into the foreign importations with which the city abounds occupy one side of each walk, while the natives trade on the other. The language used upon both sides of the streets was described to be most revolting, and the appearance of ladies either by day or night seemed to provoke a gester degree of indecency. The lenity with which such violations of propriety were treated was, the gentlemen believed, the cause of this most intolerable nuisance, because the offending parties, upon being discharged by the officiating magistrate on the morning after their apprehension, considered the decision as a triumph, and set at defiance the exertions and menaces of the police, and always found a number ef blackguards to back their insubordination. The consequence of all this nas that the wives and daughters of the inhabitants were afraid to move fromi their houses. The advice of the CityR lolice Commissioner that women who offended in the way represernted should be given into the custody of his men, had been in several instances followed up, but the same girls appeared again and again in the same localities, and their performances in the streets, at all hours, were without check or diminution, because the magistrates thought the punishment of a "night in the stationhouse aunishment enough." Alderman FLN-sIS said he was glad that the complaint of the gentlemen had been made to him, for as alderman of the Ward of Tower he had had many opportunities of observing the alarming increase of the nuisance which had been so properly reprobated. He wished it to be nmade known to Zhe crowds of women who, by daK and night, infested that part of the city, and combined the offences of robbery and prostitution and obscenity, that each of those against whom evidence was given before him should go to bridewell and hard labom-, and hard fare, for the space of 21 days. He hoped that the press wYould give its powverful assistance in masing kenown to the public the course which he, and he had no doubt all his brother magistrates, would pursue for the.abatement of so horrible a nuisance. 1r. Annis said the deputation felt much gratified at, the manner in which the AUderman had met their application, and stated that they had sent in a memorial to the Court of Aldermen, to which they had no doubt the sitting magistrate wvouldgive the sanction of his authority, and which he would support by the testimony of his experience. The tw-o defendants, whose conduct on the evening before was stated to be most gross, and whose language was said to be diabolical, were thena sentenced each to 21 days' imprisonment and hard l.abour at Hollowvay. William Baker, whlo had been three times convicted of havin- robbed vans as they proceededthrough the streets, was brout ut up on another charge of the same kind. The servant of Mr. Creed, of Globe-street, Wapping, accompanied his van into Gracechurch-street in the morning, and was delivering some whisky at a house there. He had Eeveral parcels in his van, and, among others, a parcel addressed to Messrs. H. and G. Wilson, Middlesex Hospital, to deliver. While the driver was engaged in delivering the whisky a call boy in an Eastern Counties Railway van, wich -was passing, saw the prisoner get upon the wheel of Mr. Creed's van, quickly remove the parcel, and walk away 'with it towards London-bridge. A policeman having been informed by the boy, overtook the prisoner, who said he had received the parcel from a gentleman to take to the railway station, and that the person who had so emploved him was behind. The prisoner was committed for trial. A boy, 12 years old, who gave evidence in a case, said he belonged to the Ward of Tower School, and had been receiving his education there 12 months, but he could not read or spell a word. He knew the letters of the alphabet, however, bet a child, three years old, vwho was also a witness, and belonged to the infant school in the same ward, knewv them better. A~lderman FLNNIs expressed great disgust at so miserable an instance of neglect, and hoped the press would also aid in correcting that evil. WEMnINSTER.- -A few days ago a Turk, in full military costume, who gave his name Daniel Joussef Benhoulieb, complained that the Comte de Guise, a French officer, had endeavoured to incite him to fight a duel. The complaint was founded upon a series of letters addressed to the complainant by the Count, in the course of which he Eaid, " If you were a military man you would know what answer you should give to this letter; I am waitin- for it -" and in another, " If I were to avenge myself otner than nobly, I would kill you like a do." 31r. PEkYznn, lookig at the general tenonr of the letters, and particularly at the passages above quoted, issued a warrant against the Count, who was apprehended by Knowland, one of the summoning officem of this court, at his lodgings, in Soho-square. On his being brought to this court on Tuesday Mr. Arnold was presiding, when the complainant drew a packet from his bosom with a large nail driven through the centre, and, having intimated that that was the recognized mnode of duly signing and sealing the last will and declaration of a man who was on the eve of " going out," assured the worthy magistrate that he had just taken it down from the wall to which it had been fastened by this nail, and p)roceeded to unfold and read extracts from it. It contained, besides copies of the passages above quoted, a long debtor and creditor account between himself and the Count, and some expressions said to be literal copies of words contained in letters which were materially calculatedto detract from the fair fame of the Countess. He was confined in his evidence to the hostile letters, those of a more tender character forming no portion of the inquiry, when, after a partial hearing of the matter, Mr. Arnold adjourned the case until yesterday, in order that Mr. Paynter hinself might determine it. <)n the parties appearing, Mr. PAYNTER inquired whether the letter containmg the expression "If I were to avenge asyself,'d;c., was admitted by the defendant to have been written byhnin. 1r. Lawson, foreign law agent and linguist, Sherbornelane, admitted that it was, but urged that his construction ofthepa-sagewas that his client had no wish to avenge himself. Mr. PAYNTER could not concur with the advocate in that reading of the passage, and thought it had a strong tendency to provoke a breach of the peace. 31r. Lawson, in the course of a very forcible address, said that his client had been a colonel in the French army, and had espoused the cause of the Hunarians, in consequence of which his property had been confiscated by the Austrians, and he was now, instead of living a life of idleness, attached to a mercantile house in the city, to one of the principals of which the complainant had only yesterday written a letter charging him with the grossest immorality and dishonesty. Not content with this, he had grossly attacked the reputation of his lady, and had been base enough to invent a seriesof expressions said to have been wvritten by her, to which she was a perfect straner. He had, moreover, i his lettes to the Count used the language "Dog as you are, come to me when you please, I'll have you swept from my presence as dust." Mr. PA-=rEt thought the greater the amount of provocation proved the greater the chance of there being a breach of the peace, and ordered the defendant to find bail, which he immediately did. M1r. Lawson then requested a warrant against Benhoulieb for endeavouirin" to extort sioney froml the Count by threatening to publisl certain matters connected with hm. He grounded his complaint uipon tvo letters produced-the one addressed to the Countess and the other to her husband. The first demanded six guineas of the lady, and when her husband wrote to say that he (Benhoulieb) must prove to him that he had a right to claim the money of his wife, Benhoulieb wrote in reply that he waited with impatience the result of an arranged interview npon the subject, as he had been preparing translations of documents in his ipossession which, if the interview did not turn outias he wisbed, he would put in the public pres. Mr. PAYSTER issued a varrant, which was executed forthwith, and, the Count anid Belnhoulieb having changed places, the letters were put in evidence, Mr. PAVirrxR said that he considered it his duty to send the case before another tribunal, and having cautioned defendant in the ordinary form of law Benhoulieb, who is evidently a very intelligent man produced a book of certificates of higlh character as a military interpreter, and again requested the northy mnagistrate to read letters on the table which would show that he had not been guilty of the intention ascribed. England was a free country, with a free press, and therefore he had a righlt to publilshi the letters to the world. Mr.PxvYNTER observed that that was inst the rock he split upon, for he was not justified in publishing them, nor in threatening to publish them to obtain money. Mr. Lawson said that the very worst part of defendant's conduct was wickedly and for the basest purposes maligning a woman of spotless character and reputation. The defendant having again and again repeated his request that the magistrate would go through the correspondence in qunestion, M 3r. P NTrstR saidhe couldproduce theletters el-ewhere . He was not trying the case. This wasa mere preliminary pro- ceeding, and he should send the matter for trial where it would be fully investigated; the charges he would have to answer would be sending the two letters which had been put i. Defendant was then ordered to find bail to answer the charge at the Central Criminal Court, and removed until he procured it. Mr. Lawson expressed his Intention of also exhibiting an indictment against the defendant for libel. SouvAnx.-As the court was being closed on Thursday, Dr. ChaDice, the medical officer to the Bermondsey District Board of IWorks, attended before Mr. A'BECKEr for his advice under the folowing circumstances:- Dr. Challice stated that within the last few hot days a vast number of com plaints had been made to him by the poor inhabitants of his district of the immense quantity of unwholesome fish sold every day after dusk in the streets. He had himself inquired into the facts, and ascertained that, owing to the high price of animal food, the poor people had been glad to purchase any substitute. An enormous quantity of fish had come to market, and in consequence of the great heat of the wea- I ther it soon became unwholesome, and was actually sold in a putrified state. His worship might recollect the great I ravages the cholera made in Bermondsey in 1853 and 1854, and former years, and he was sure that unless something was done immaediately to check the sale of unwholesome food in the district disease would spread rapidly among the poor. He had seen some of the fish so purchased that was eaten up with maggots. There was also meat sold almost as bad. Mr. A'BECcETr asked what was required of him under the circumstances ? Dr. ChaDice replied, that he wanted to know how to act. He was the medical officer of the district, and the Board of Works had called upon him to act. He had looked carefully over the Nuisances' Removal Act as well as Sir Benjamin Hall's Act, but he could see nothing in either giving him authority to seize the unwholesome food and punish the venders. During the raging of the cholera the police could act peremptorily, but now they took no notice of the unwholesome food; consequently the corplaints came to the board, and he was requested to check the evil before it spread to any extent. There were every evening hundreds of people selling putrid fish in the streets, and he wanted to know how he should act. Mr. A'BECK ETr thought that the removal of such abuses remained with the Inspector of Nuisance;, and not with the medical officer. Dr. Chalice said that the inspector must first give notice, and afterwards summon the offenders before the nuisances were removed. Now, that could not he the case in the complaint he had to rmake, as the offenders were persons unknown, and the putrid food should be removed instantly, and he thought that he ought to have power to give the venders into custody and have them punished, It was dreadful to witness the immense quantity of putrid food sold among the poor, wzhich must necessarily engender disease. Mr. A'BEcCRr-r said it was quite necessary that he shouldhave every assistance, and if he could show him any Clause in the act giving him power he should be happy to aid Dr. Challice observed, that fromwhat he had seen of the act of Parliament they had power only with shopkeepers, but he considered that hd ought to have authority by virtue of his office to give all venders of putrid food into custody. The parties applied to him as the medical offlicer, and for the sake of the health of the inhabitants he should like to carry his object into effect. Mr. A'BECEETT told him that he was not aware that any poto fteact of Parliament gave him that power. If he(Dr. ChaDlice) could show him any clause to that effect he should be happy to assist him. Dr. ChaDlice obeerved that it was of the utmost importance that these nuisances shouldbe removed instantly, or the consequence wouldbhe dreadful. He had looked over the act, and could not find anything giving him prompt authority in it, but an order in Council nmight be instantly issued under such circumstances. He had consulted with other medical of ficers of the metropolitan districts, and they were of the same opinion. MIr. A'Bxcxxrr said that it certainly was of the utsnost importance that the sale of unwholesome food should be checked, and that immediately, but he could see nothinF in the act to assist Dr. Challice in his excellent views. The only thing he could understand was the interference of the Inspector of Nuisances, which was certainly rather too tardy under such circumstances. Dr. ChalDice thanked his worship for his attention, and informed him he should consult with the board as to the meaning of the act. Yesterday afternoon Dr. Challice waited upon3fr. Coarsn for his advice, in consequence of the evil spreading to ann alarming exitent. He handed to his worship the clause in the actwhsich empowered him to seime the unwholesome fish, but it did not state what he was to do with it or the parties selling it. In 1854 the Secretary of State issued orders for the police to seize and punish SUCh narties, but since the passing of the new act they had thrown all the responsibility on the district boards and the medical officers. Mr. CoMissi told him that the act of Parliament certainly gave the medical officers power to seize the unwholesome fish, but not the partses or their baskets and trucks. HIe thought that if he seized their fish they would follow. He should recomzmend him to attend strictly to the clause in the act of Parliament. Dr. Challice said that it would he almost useless, forwhen the food was seized the parties who offered it for sale in the streets would soon make off, glad to get away. Wlhat he wanted was to puish those persons. A s the Law stood, it was, in fact, a dead letter. Mr. COMBE said he should not like to give an opinion upon the act at present, but he should recommend Dr. ChalEce to call the attention of the Commissioners of Police to the subject, and he had no doubt they would render him every assistance. Dr. ChaDlice expressed his thanks to his worship, and said he should instantly take his advice, and send in a statement of facts to the Commissioners of Police on the subject. IJA3tBETH.-MIr. Daniel William Wade, a person of respectable appearance, residing at No. 4, Lorimnore-terrace, Walworth, was charged before Mfr. ELarorSr with ccmsnitting a most violent assault on William Nowland, and very nearly cutting off his nose with a sword, and also with being guilty of other desPrate and rufflanly conduct. Police-constable Joseph Bayles, 226 P, deposed that about 4 o'clock the preceding evening, from what had been told him, he went to the house of 3Ir. Hunt, a surgeon, in Sutherland-square, and there found a man named Wilham Nowland with his head much cut, and Mlr. Hunt, while dressing the wounds, having described them to ho of a dangerous character, he took the man to Guy's Hospital. Nowland having, previous to his removal, said that the prisoner was the person who had wounded him with a sword, he went to his house, No. 4, Lorimore-terrace, and found the prisoner there. He told him he must consider| himself in his custody on a charge of cutting and wounding the man Nowland, and he took hm to the station, on the way to which he exsressed the greatest sorrow for what had occusred, and said he had cut at the man, but why he did so he did not know. In cross-examination the witness said the prisoner was very much excited, and under the influence of drink, and was more like a madman than a rational being. Police-constable Jamnes KCillick said he received the certificate he then produced at Guy's Hospital that morning:- " This is to certify that Williamn Nowvland, at Present in this hospital, is unfit to be removed for a few days at " CARI.ES Ex-sss MuRsixe, Surgeon. "GCuy's Hospital, June 27." -William Morgan said that on the evening before, while NTowland, another man, and himself were passing along L,onimore-terrace, they heard loud cries of "Mulrder" at the house No. 4, and immediately after they saw two women come to the door, one of whom said, "F or God's sakse assist us, or we shall be murdered." Nowland and himself went into the house, and saw the prisoner with a horsewhip in one hand and his other fist clinched. He demanded his business there, and laid hold of him, but, finding that he was unable; to do anything with him, the prisoner, after a short scuffe, let him go and rushed upstairs. He returned with a drawn sword in his hand, and the next thing he saw was Nowland with his head dreadfully cut, and the prisoner with the sword still in his hand. In cross-examination, witness said that NTowland and himself were perfect strangers to the prisoner, and so also was the man that was with them. Alfred Allen corroborated a great part of the testimony of the last witness, and added that he had seen the prisoner strike one of the women with his whip and the other with his fisUi the passage. The prisoner ran up stairs, andon hi" returning in a few seconds he heard him call out to them to comne out, and then saw him maike two " jobs" at Nowland's head, and maim him in a serious manner--so much so that Nowland was falling, when he caught him and took him to the house of MEr. Hunt, the surgeon. Mrs. Julia Strickland, a respectable married woman of ladylike mannersi, said that on the evening before she left her residence in Penton-place, Newtington, to visit the wife of the prisoner, and on reaching his house in ILorimore-terrace, Mlrs. Wade said that her husband had been drinking for some time at the Beehive publichouse opposite, and begged that she would go there and bria' him home. She (witness) on this request went to the publichouse, and the prisoner, on seeing her, accompanied ier home. Soon after entering his house, he pulled off her (witness's) bonnet and cloak, called to his daughter to pull the fonner to pieces, and commenced lashing her with a horsewhip as hard as he could. He also grasped her by the throat, and endeavoured to pluck her earrings from her ears, but she manaed to get away from him, and rushed to the door, calling for assistance. In conclusion the witness said that, such was the violence of the prisoner towards her, that she bore livid marks of being horsewhipped. In cross-examination, the witness said that she was on friendly terms with the prisoner and his family, and could not account in any way for his conduct. The prisoner, who said he could not account for his violent and extraordinary conduct, was remanded, Mr. ET, L,orT peremptorily refusingto accept bail for his future attendance.
BRISTOL SUGAR-MARKET, Friday, Jine 27.-The sugar market has been exceedingly quiet throughout the week. Very few transactions have taken place, and it closes to-day without animation. Atthe same time, though dealers hold back, merchants are not at aU inclined to press sales. Nothing doing in rum. [Advertisement.1-The most interesting and instructive volmne ever published.-" The Child's Educator," conducted by John CasseD, complete in one large and elegant volume of 600 pages. crovn 4to, cmbelished with several hundred illustrative engravings, price Ss. in handsome cloth boards. " The Child's Educator" forms a-work of great interest and utility to the family circle. 5he contents are as follow :-Outlines of Botany. hy Dr. Scoffen, illustrated With ard3 of 200 engravings-Natural History of mainmalia, by Mary Hdwitt with 128 beauitiful engrainga-Gco phy forniy Children, by 1s c Beecher Stowe, revised and adapteT by tlhe English editor, with 78 enlgravings-Pbysiology, Anatomy, and Health, by Professor CXlatter, 'with 80 engravings-Astronomuy, by J. W. Green, Ecq., with 50 dugrams-Conversations on Common TiThings, by hfary lowiftt-Easy Lesons in French, by Proessor de Bnlohne-* n 1l1ustrated Arithmetic, with seyeral hundred engravings-English Language and Grarnnar on an entirely new system--Lessons on E:lectricity and Chymatry, with agramusFnhronslogy from the earlest perio,l-ExplansiatonuofTenn eployed in artn, scdence. discoveries, ar d inventi,,ne, &c. .' the wshole Dresentng a mas of entedrtainment nandintution noto e foutvnd
THE CORN TBADE. CORN-EXCHANGE. FAtDAh, JuN-z 27. The supplies are generaliy limited, but the favourable weather in il parts of the county bas tended to restict the operations of the trade. NSo actual change is noticeable in prices, but the upward movement may now probably be arrested. WABFIEA.r)D Jumm 27. There is a fair show of fresh wheat hero to-day. Factors, owing to the high prices current in the agricultural markets, and the short supplies eommng fonrard, are lirm in demandiDg nn advance of ls. to 2s. per quarter upon latFiEday's rices, while millers, on the other hand, iosiuenced partly by the brilliant weather, are generally disposed to held off buying to-cay, and the business passing is therefore of a very limited character. B|ailey, beans, oats, and shelling each in iair demand at full prices. LIVERPOOL, Juwn 27. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise since Tuesday have been trifling. From foreign porte we have received 1,650 quarters wheat, 635 quarters beans, 6,658 quarters Indian corn, 888 sacks and 17,977 barrels nour. The expOrts in the same time comprisel,026quarters wbeat, 1,225 quarters peasw, 3928 quarters Indian corn, 1,071 sacks and 1,266 barrels flour. The weather during thepast two days having been extremely fine, and, although wheat maintains its value, flour and Indian corn have been decidedly easier to buy. At this day's market there was only a small attendance of the town and country trade, and the weather being fine, buyers were extremely shy, and the business done in wheat and flolur was altogether insignifcant, with prices the tur in favomr of the buyer. Oats must be quoted 3d. per 451b. lower, and oatmel, with a slow ale, barely maintained Tuesday'srates. Barley, beaus, and peas were neglected, .and easier to buy. Indian corn wvas in very limited request, and, as there wvas at goed deal offeinmg: buyers were enabled to fill their orders at is. to 1s. 6d. per quarter less money, 295. 6d. to 33x. being the extreme value of prime yellow and mixed, and 29s. 6d. to 31s. per quarter for white. .~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~t
ToIROn. sms' IVI nsG.-The usual preliminary Lmeeting of the ironmasters of Soutlh Staffordshire and East Worcestershure was held at Stewponey on Thursday, when it was unanimously determined to maintain existing trade prices, as settled in April, during the ensuing quarter. ArornEcAIE5s H.ua.-The following are the names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, the 26th of June :-William Carrick Crofts, Lincolnshire; Francis Scott, Wickham-market, Suffolk; WVilliam Freelansi Johnson, Colchester, Essex; Thomas rick-op, Lancashire; John Hew/itt, jun., Wellstreet, Welclose-square' Henry Harris, Springfield, Bedfordibire; Thomas Webt Fryer, Bristol; WVilliam Onions, Brierly-hill, Stafford; William Blasson, Billingborough, LInncom shire. LN-DEx To Noms AsND QuPEs.-It was not the smallest part of Dr. Johnson's eulogium on Gilbert Walnisley that "what he did not immediately know lie at least knew where to find, " for, assuredly, the next best thing to possessing information is to know where to meet with it. To supply such a place was the object for which the weekly journal, Notes and Queries, was established, H.ow many waifs and strays have been picked up in it-how many points of English literature, history, and biography have been elucidated in it, may be judged of by the tact that an index to the first series of 12 volumes has just beenpublished, which contains between 30,000 and 40,000 references. The utility of such a volume, not only to men of letters, but to well-informed readers generally, is too obvious to require proof, more especially when it is remembered that many of these references are to articles which themselves point out the best sources- of information upon their respective subjects. [Advertisement.)-Mayhew's " Whom to Marry and How to get Married," price is. 6&, and "Wild Sports of the Far West, by Gerstaecker, price Is. 6d., are the new volumes of Routledges cheap series, which now comprises upwards of 140 volumes2 au alike suitable for rauiway or home reading. The following are also ready:-" Pottleton Legacy,"' 2s., by Albert Smith; and. Price 1,. eacl, Mliss Edgeworth's a anceuvring," "Ennui," and " Absentee"-beinghercelebrated "Taoesof Fashionable LifeY7 No one should start on a journey without providing bniself with some of the volumes Complete lists gratis on application. London, George Rontledge and Co., 2 Farringdon-strett. [Advertisementj-Book for Tourists.-Wanderings in the High Alps, by Alfred Wlils, Fsq., of the Middle Temple, post Svo with four ulnsrattons, le 6d. * WBy these Alpine travellerw bho wvish to leave the beaten track of tourists, and to see mDore of the w onderfuldscenery than the rnutlnisma of the district usually admDits of the record of these * Wanderings' will be perused wvith advantage and pleasure. Mr. Wills's experience will be especially valuable to pedestrians, and to thosewvbo combine scientific researcih with admiration of the grand and icturesque in scenery. The illustrations axefrom the I p encil of Mrs Wills."-" interary Gazette."
- NA VAL AND MILITARY INTBLLIGENCS. THE ARRIVAL OF THE GMlTRnQ Het Majesty's ship Agamemnon, 91, Captain J. J. Stop. ford, hove in sight off Spithead yesterday about 1.0 p.mL, and was soon towed ip to tho anchorage by the :Earbinger vhich accompanied her up ChanneL She has on board the Coldstream Guards fror the late seat of war, comprising the following officers and troops :-Colonel Drommond, Colonel Spelrer Perceval, Lieutenant-Colonels C. L. Cocks, A. St. G. W Stepney, W. G. Dawkins,jW. H. Reeve, and the Iern. HOW. W. Byng; Brevet-Majors J. H. le Contour, H. Armytage, A. J. B. Thellusson, and P. S. Crawley; Captains Lord E. R B. G. Cecil, G. R. Fitzroy, J. A. Caulfield, H. C. Jervoise, J. H. Hall, and G. E. Rose; Lieutenants Sir William Forbes, the Hon. W. Edwardes, H. J. B. Lane, A. W. Adair, W. F. E. Seymour, and S. T Mainwaring; Adjutant ord G. Bingham (Major); Quarter-masterA. Falconer; Battalion-Surgeon T. Skelton, XD.; Assistant-Surgeons J. Myatt, T. L. Rogers, and F. Bowen, M.D.,and1,039 non-commissionedofficers and privates. Lieutenant-Colonel F. W. Newdegate also came home in the Agamemnon from Scutari. Onthe arrival of the ship at Spithead the Commander-in-Chiefi of Portsmouth, Vice-AdmiralSir George Seymour, X.C.B., embarked in the steam yacht mire Queen, Master Commander W. F. PaAl, and proceeded to greet the gallant Coldstreams, in which battalion Sir George has a son (Lieutenant W. F. E. Seymour). MajorGeneral Breton, Commandant of Portsmonth garrison, also telegraphed the arrival to the Horse Guards as soon as reported to him, and prompt telegraphic arrangements were made by IDeputy-Assistant.Quartermaster-General Wright (Lieutenant Colonel), and Deputy-Assistant-AdjutantNelson (Major), for the landing of the battalion this morning. As early as 6 o'clock steam tenders will receive the troops from the Agamemnon at Spithead and convey them to the jetty of the Royal Clarence Victualling establishment, Gosport, where Major-General Breton and staff will superintend and direct their progress to the special [train which will be there waiting, and which will leave about 10 30 or U1 direct for Farnborough station of the South-Western Railway, whence they will march into the camp at Aldershott. The Grenadiers and Scots Fusileers will also go into camp at Aldershott on arrival, and the whole brigade will go into Londontogether onthe appointed day. The steam transport Harbinger, No. 86, Captain Vella cott, arrived at Spithead yesterday, in company of the Agamemnon, to whom she lent some aid in taking her up ChanneL She brought home the following officers and men .-From Scutari.-Lieutenant Ayton, 84th Regiment; Assistant-Surgeon Lofthouse, 86th Regiment; Mr. Atldns, of the Medical Staff; the Rev. Mr. Beck and servant; Mr. and Miss Keasley; Mrs. Newton (nurse) and child; lMr. J. Davies, Commissariat Storekeeper; 1 female servant, 1 seaman, 1 officer's servant, 60 military invalids, 12 orderlies, 4 escort, and 3 prisoners. From Malta.-Captains Ingham and Coope, 57th Regiment; Lieutenants Russell, MEils, Husted, Bratton, Thompson, Tragett, and Houghton, of the 57th; Lieutenants Chichester, Sherwood, and Crossman, of the 21st] Fasileers; 6 naval invalids; Mrs. Jones, child, and servant; and Lieutenants Inderantiff and Meeham, from Gibraltar; her cargo consists of salt provisions and limejuice, Cornni sariat stores, transport bedding, invalid utensils, andmedical comforts. Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R.9 S. Dandas, .{C.B., &c., hoisted his flag yesterday on board the Duke of Wellington at Spithead. Her Majesty's ship Niger, 14, Captain the Hon. A. A. Cochrane, arrived at Spithead from the eastward yesterday. The AIster steam-transport, No. 163, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East ; she left Scutari on the 8th of June, Malta on the 12th, and Gibraltar on the 19th; towed the bark Wanderer, with troops on board, from Malta to Gibraltar; on the 25th inst., off Cape Finisterre, passed the screw steam-transports Bahiana and Holyrood; on the 26th, off Ushant, passed the steam-transport Harbinger, The ALster went into Portsmouth Harbour yesterday to disembark the following officers and troops:Lieutenant Stirling, Dr. Maclean, and 74 men of the Royal Horse Artillery; 39 of the Rifle Brigade; one officer of the medical staff, and one man of the 1st Dragoon Guards; Messrs. Unsworth, Smith, and Thorpe, and 54 men of the Army Works Corps. The hired screw steamship Zouave, Captain Watts, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening from Constantinople, &c., with 161 men, 67 horses, and the following officers of the 10th (the Prince of Wales's Own Royal Regiment of Light) Dragoons (Hussars):-Lieutenant-Colonel John Wilkie, Captains the Hon. Freder ck C. G. Fitzclarence and Irvings; Lieutenants Theo. Wirgman, Branfill, Gill, Uniacke, De Bourbel, Vyse, Davies, Levett, and Hudson; PaymasterElrington; Adjutant J.. R. Cuthbert; Qnartermaster Fenn, Veterinary-Surgeon Barker, and Assistant' Surgeons Slade and Hawke; also Captain Holmes, of the 15th Light Dragoons; Captain Burnard, of the 5th Dragoon Guards; Lieutenant Weir, of the 6th Dragoons; Lieutenant Travers, of the 5th Dragoons; Captain lorke, of the German Legion; Mr. Wetherell; also 154 tons of shot. We learn by electric telegraph that the screw steam transport Holyrood, No. 77, Captain Fudge, from the Crimea, bound to Spithead, which left Constantinople on the 8th of June; Malta, 13th; and Gibraltar, 19th, put into Plymouth yesterday, shortof coal, having been obliged to cut up spare spars for fueL She brings home 13 officers 193 non-commissioned officers, and men of the Turkish Contingent, under command of Captain Allen; 28 commissary clerks, 100 tons of stores, and 4 horses. The Holyrood left at Gibraltar the steam transport Mauritius with the 66th Regiment, and the sailing transport Wanderer, with troops, both bound for home. On the 25th she overtook andpassed the Medway, bound home, and yesterday, at S a.m., spoke the Himalaya outward bound. The steam transport Imperatrice, Captain H. P. Cox, arrived at Spithead last evening, from Balaklava, -with the 7th Royal Fusileers and the Staff of the 19th Regiment, numbering together 42 officers 1,060 men. The following are the officers of the 7th :-Colonel W. H. Wellesley, Maj-or C. E. Watson; Captains-Trym, Appleyard, Cooper, LMarten, Hickie, Jones, Twemlow; Lieutenants-Plummer, Macadams, Hope, Sparks, Brown, Cole; Ensign Cook (Adjutant), Paymaster Scott, QuartermasterMurphy, SargeonM 3oorhead, Assistant-Surgeons Hale and Ricketts, and Dispenser of Medicine Charles Farmer. Of the 19th, Lieutenant-Colonel J. I N. Rooke; Captains-Jennings, CJappendall (Major), Clay, and Westropp; Lieutenants -Kinderbley and Forbes; Adjutant Thompson, Qnartermaster Rawling, Assistant-Surgeons Webb and Gifferman. Of the 23d Royal Welsh Fusileers, Major Bell, Lieutenant the Hon. N. Fiennes, J. Tilny, and Utterton Of the 33d Regiment, Lieutenants Vaughan, Batty, and Elliot. The steam transport Earl of Aberdeen, No. 20, Captain Mearns, arrived at Spithead last evening from Constantinople and allta -with the following officers and troops:-Captain Crawford, Royal Artillery, Lieutenants Hammell and WaLker, Royal Artillery, two sergeanits, two corporals, five bombardiers one trumpeter and 81 privates, and 59 horses of the Royal Artillery. LieutenantsColonel T. Lloyd and E., F. Bourcher, C.B., Major Ewaxt, Lieutenant Donelly, 1 sergeant, 3 privates, 7 horses and o civilservants of the Royal Engineers, Lieutenant-Colonel Waldon, Lieutenants Dalton and Davis, 1 Ensign, Moffatt, Rogers, Harriss,Pedden and Hales and S privates of the 19th Regiment; Lieutenants Law, lnight, Bussell, and Hill, Ensigns Dolmage and IUtton, and 7 privates of the 23d Fusileers; Captain Lord R. Brown and Lieutenant Ewles, of the 7th Eusileers; Lieutenants Dodds, Harvey, Skene, and Anderson, and 4 privates, of the 77th Regiment; Deputy-Assistant-Commissary-General Fawcet, and Mr. C. C. W. Snow, clerk; 2 men of theGrenadier Guards, 1 of the Scots Fusileers, and 2 of the Rifle Brigade. The iron screw steam transport Etna, No. 186, Captain Miller, from Portsmouth, with the Kerry Rifle Militia, under the command of Colonel the Hon. D. de Moleyns, 200 officers and men of the 39th Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel R. N. Tiney, and Cornet Cleghorn, and 23 men of the 17th Lancers, arrived yesterday morning at Plymouth, when she was appointed to embark 200 additional troops and to sail for Cork in the evering The screw steamship Hogne, 60, Captain William Ramsay, sailed from Plymouth on Thursday for Queenstown. The screw mortar-ship Forth, 12, Captain Lord John Hay, with eight gunboats-Beaver, Drake, James, Lapwing, Mohawk, Ringdove, Starling, andWanderer, left Plymoutb, on Thursday, to cruise in the Channel. The steam transport Diligence was appointed to leave Plymouth yesterday for Pembroke, to take back the screw steam sloop Cordelia. The riggers employed on the screw steam frigate Liffey, 50, atDevonport, got topmasts on end on Thursday. The General Screw Company's steamship Queen of the South, transport No. 135, Captain Beale, will sail to-day from Southampton for Cork and Dnblin with 85 men, officers, and horses of the 17th Lancers, and 215 men, -with officers, and 133 horses of the 1st Royal Dragoons. The Queen of the South will return to Portsmouth for the purpose of conveying to Ireland more horses and troops. Hlis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, accompanied by General Wylde and Mr. Gibbs, paid a visit on Thursday evening to Woolwich Arsenal, where he spent upwards of three hours in inspecting some of the most interesting parts of that establishment. No pre-arrangement had been made for the Prince's 'isit, as no notice had been given of his intended arrival until the outriders were at the gates. The inspector of police despatched a hasty messenger to Mr. Pellatt, the storekeeper, who was promptly in attendance, accompanied by Colonel Tulloch and Captauin Bosr, who TecetVed - u a alighting in the Dial-square. General Wylde then per- 1 formed the uslformalityof introduction, when the Prince-! immediately commenced a lively conversation, and informed the officials that he wished to walk through some of their factory departments. The laboratory being the nearest was first visited. The Ptince was visibly astonishedon enterimg this large room, which is 350 feet by 150 feet, and filled with rows of brightly poEished machinery, then all in motion, and watched by about 500 men and boys ready to receive and remove the produce of its ingenuity. The Prince's attention was constantly arrested in his progress through this department by the life-like achievements and manifold productions of the huge machinery, which seemed imbued with almost human animation. The Prince, on leaving the laboratory, passed along the wharf and noticed the ingenious working of the hydraulic machinery in propelling the action of the numerous cranes for loading and unloading ships; and admired the elegant structure and immense advantage gained by the erection of the new pier, each side of the platform being edged with transport ships of heavy tonnage in the act of being cleared out. A number of Russian guns lay on the wharf, recently landed there. These he examined with much interest. He then entered the store deposits and examined the innumerable hoards so orderly heaped together, and numbered and labelled in distinctive parts and allotments. The next visit was to the proof department, where the strength of a piece of metal was tested for the Prince's gratification. They then walked through the smitheries, and thence to the Royal carriage factory. The wheel machinery, being the most attractive object of that department, in fact, the most perfect mechanism in the extensive establishment of the Royal A-senal, detained his Royal Highness some considerable time. The complicated portions of a perfect wheel were cut and finally fixed together, under the Prince's mmediate observation, in the brief space of 10 minutes; and much other work was done which appeared to interest the Prince e-tremely. His Royal Highness took leave of the officials with much freedom. The V. and J. troops of Royal Horse Artillery, under the command of Ifajor Mowbray, arrived at Woolwich on Thursday from Portsmouth. Yesterdaymorning the horses were drawn up in the west square and inspected by Colonel Anderson and Mr. Stockley, the chief veterinary surgeon, and the principal portion of them were pronounced to be in excellent condition. A new gunboat, called the Garnet, fromr Messrs. Pitcher's, the builders, of Northfleet, is to be towed up to Woolwich on Monday next to be fitted for sea. The transports Iillydale, C. 17, and the Euphemus, No. 121, arrived off Woolwich pier yesterlay morning to unship their returned stores &c., from the East. The Euphemus has brought 200, Russian guns, muskets, &c., four horses belonging to Lord Rokeby, and one belonging to Major Dowbiggin; one died on the passage. A correspondent states, in reference to the paragraph in 27W Tim-es of yesterday enumerating several regiments in India as likely to be relieved this autumn, that the 10th, 29th, 78th, S4th, and 86th Regiments all left England in 1842; the 53d in 1844; and the 60th and 61st in 1845, and it is probable that the relief will take place in that order. The 87th left England in 1849, and the 43din lS5L It is not, therefore, probable, our correspondent says, that either of them will return for many years. Relative to a paragraph which appeared under this head yesterday, we are requested to state that the commanding officer of the 3d battalion of the Rifle Brigade has not received any letter, ordering them to be in readiness for foreign Service. Eleven officers, 265 men, and 138 horses, forming the depot of the Ist Regiment of Dragoons, embarked at Liverpool for Dnblin last evening, in the steamers Prince and Princess, which will return on Thursday, in company vith the Royal William and the Cambridge, with 14 officers, 400 men, and 2.30 horses of the 4th Dragoon Guards. On the same day (Thursday) detachments of the 1st, 14th, 21st, 30th, 47th, 6Sth, 57th, and 71st Regiments of Foot will embark at Liverpool in the Assistance, screw transport, for Malta. Naval volunteers continuetobeforwarded toIondon from liverpool in large numbers. Lieutenant A. M'Leod, 78th Highlanders, has been appointed assistant-instructor of mnsketry at Chatham, in the place of Lieutenant W. H. Ballinghall, 35th Regiment, who has been directed to hold himself in readiness to embark for India, to join the service companies of his corps. Yesterday morning an order reached Cbatham from the War-office, countermanding the order previously issued for the embarcation of the officers and men of the 5th lusileers and the 37th Regiment this day for the Mauitius and Ceylon. The Charybdis, 21, one of the new class of screw steamcorvettes recently introduced into the navy, has been laid down at Chatham dockyard, on the same ship as that from which the Cadmus, 21, was recently launched. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- H. W. Arlidge, paymaster, to the Vulture; Edward Saxton, assistant-surgeon, to the Illustrious; Alfred Faulon, assistant-surgeon, to the Impregnable. THE M ZLITIA. An order from the War Departiment has been received by Colonel Ferrers Loftus, commanding the 3d West York Regiment of Militia, directing the disembodiment of that corps on Monday next. The reg,iment had its last fieldday on Tuesday. The Adjutant (Captain Robson), Quartermaster Ball, Bandmaster Barkinshaw, and a number of sergeants and drummers are to be retained atthe head-quarters, Doncaster, under the provisions of the 107th section of the 42d of George EL, chap. 90. The commodious howse and premises called Bellevue, situated near the racecourse, which was purchased by the West Riding magistracy a short time ago for the depot of the regiment, is undergoing altera. tions for that purpose. The 2d West York Regiment of Militia, nearly 1,000 strong, which recently returned to York from Gibraltar was disembodied on Thursday. The final general parade of the regiment took place on Knavesmire on Wednesday. Lieutenant-Colonel Crompton, who accompanied the corps to Gibraltar, addressed the men in complimentary terms. The'regiment is being disembodied in sections in order to avoid unnecessary disorder in the city, and each man is allowed 14 days' pay to liquidate his e cpenses home. The regiment of the Royal Berks Militia was reviewed on Thursday afternoon, before the Lord-Lieutenant of the county, the Earl of Abingdon, in the parade-ground, at Reading. The weather was splendid, and there wa, a large number of persons present. - Colonel Blagrave took command, and put the men through a variety of evolutions, which they did in a thoroughly soldierlike mannerThe review lasted about an hour, and at the close the men were addressed by the Lord-Lieutenant, who complimented them upon the marked improvement they had made since he last inspected them. The men were afterwards marched into the town and treated to a good substantial dinner in the Corn-Exchange. The regimentis tobe disbanded onthe 4th of July.
LNuiDATonS L FRANCE.-MEET=LG AT MANIeCEsTER-A meeting took place in the Mayor's Parlour, Town-hall, Manchester, yesterday, in which M9r. James Watts, the mayor, brought before the leadin citizens the sufferngs in Fxance caused by the late inundations. Mr. J. C. Harter moved a resolution expressmg sympathy with the sufferers and in favour of a subscription to aid them. The frm of which he was a member, he said, had a house in the South of France, and they were able to speak with soeie authority as to the extent of the calamity. In 1840 there were floods greater than had ever been Inown before, but the rivers had risen on this occasion some inches higher than before, and the damage done was perfectly incalculable. The Rev. F. Tucker seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously A committee having been appointed on the motion of:Mr T. Bazley, seconded by Mr. 0. Heywood, a list of sub. scriptions was read as having been alrendy received (including one of 1001. by the Mayor), amounting to 760. On the motion of MIr. Gladstone, it was agreed that when the subscription was completed the amount should be transmitted through the Lord Mayor of London as part of the national sabscription. XLEw ACT Ox =E 2N\ATIO2AL GALERY.-The new act to extend the powers of the trustees and directors of the National Galery and to authorize the sale of works of art belonging to the public has just been issued. It is enacted that pictures, &c., unfit to be preserved in the National Gallery, may be sold, and the money paid into the Exchequer, and become part of the consolidated fund. Pictures and works given to the nation are to vest in the trustees and the directors. In case of bequest a selection may be made forthe national collection, and the remainder of the pictures or works of art comprised in such bequest, unless otherwise disposed of by any testamentary provision, are to become part of the residuary estate of the testator. TEE 1NEW T ior OF GLOCESTER NAMD 3R3STOL.- An evening contemporary announces that the Rev. Charles Baring, ALA., late rector of All Souls, Langham-place, is to be the new Bishop of Glocester and Bristol. Mr. Baring is a younger brother of the late Firs Lord of the Admiralty, Sir Francis Baring, and graduated B.A. at Christ Church, Oxford, in 1829, as a double first class. Ie oficiated for some time as curate of St. Ebhe's Church, in Oxford, and was appointed to the rectory of All Souls, I,ngham-place, on the death of the late Rev. Dr. G. Chandler, Dean of Chichester. He is well known in the relgious world as a strong opponent of the Tractarian party, and has lately been selected to preach at Oxford one of the series of sermons which were intended to counteract the teaching of Professor Jowett on the subject of the Atonement. The new bishop was born in 1807, and is married to a daughter of the late Thomas Read Kemp, I:sq., M.P. for lIewes H;s sister was the first wife of the Eight lIon. Eenry Lbouchere, 1.P. We believe that there is no immediate intention of carrying into effect the suggested division of the see of Bristol from that of GioctEter
cRYSrAL -PALACE OOXOB - - How great the inflience of the weather on these cnter. tainments was plaly manifested yesterday. The daywas one of almost unclouded sunshine; and although theheat. was intense, that inconvenience seemed to be altogetheA overlooked. The attendance ws very large, and, indfte.t nearly filed the spacious temporary enclosure which erweM for the concert room. When the audience were al sed or otherwise stationed, the band and chorus in their placevs, and the performances about to commrence, a moregnificent sight could scarcely be imagined. The programlC was, onthe whole, exceUent. The over; ture to Coriokan is perhaps the finest of BeethoveS dramatic pieces. But it is also one of the gloomiest, and4 moreover, dies gradually aay into a pincsi4imo toward the end. Thus, in spite of the superb executior of thB orchestra, it went off with scarcely a hand! NZot so the clever trioforthree bassesfrom Zargucrit&Ad's7jouZwhi* int many places was shouted, rather than sung, by MHB Graziani, Tagliafico, nd Herr Formes-but there isng . accounting for differences of taste. This trio, by the y; is worth notice, as having served Meyerbeer afterwards to good purpose intheHuguenots, where several passages frOc it may be found, almost identical; so that Rossini is not the only great modern composer who has stolen from himWlf. In the grand scena of Agatha from Dcr Fr.*cicjit, adame Resa Devries, the new soprano at the Rtoyal Itaian Opera sang coldly, as if defiance of the trophical tem perature Her voice is beautiful nevertheless, as we have sid; but the incongruous " graces" with which she xei tarded the final cadenee were =nything but ci&. mentaL MI. Costa should put -hi veto upon such medding with fine music. The duet, "No, Matilde, nosx morrai," from Ros6mi's Corradino,. allotted to Mesdemoi. selles Bosio and Marsi, was one of the greatest treats of thfi day. The melodious larg7ijlo, "Vanne o Caro," was give.n bybothladieswith irreproachable intonation. Their vocali. aation, indeed, was brilliant throughout, and every note distinctly articulated, notwithstanding the rapid tcntpo oE the final movement. T-he only point liable to criti. cism in this capital performance was the cadcnza a due at the termiination, upon which the two ladies did not appear to- have exactly made up their minds, and1 consequently ran the risk of weakening the effect of what had gone before. Madame Bosio and Mademoiselle Marai; however, are " old stagers," and extricated themselves from the difficulty with such address that the momentary inacem. racy passed generally unobserved. " O who will come o'erthe downs so free"-one of Pearsall's part-songs-was well sung by the chorus and unanimously encored-" a juste titrc," too, sinceit is sldlfullywrittenforthevoices, the melodyisfresh and simple, and the harmony pure.. Only one couplet wa repeated. The same reproach applied to Signor Gardoni as to Madame Devries. The lovely air from Mozart's It Flauto Masuco, " Oh ! cara 3hmagine," otherwise weln rendered by this gentleman (transposed a semitone, if we are not mistaken), was damaged by an ill-conceived embel. lihment which arrested the cadence and robbedthe climaxot its effect. Mlr. Costa's too easy complacency in permitting liberties With such music makes him a quasi accomplice ia the offence against taste the flagrancy of which he is too admirable a musician not inwardly to condemn. To discard worn-out ornaments and cadences is all very well ; but to invent new ones which are worse admits of no apology. The duet from La Gazza Ladra, " B ben per mia," by Mesdames Grisi and Nantier Didi6e-otherwise sung to perfection (although Madame Didi6e, the contralto, was too fond of encroaching on the soprano register, while Grisi's ornaments were unusuallygrofuse)-was in a simila manner open to animadversion. 'hat eternal prolongation of the penultimate note, to which almost all singers are addicted, brings the orchestra to a standstill-and for the sake of an "effect" that cannot be agreeable or natural, siuce it discards rhythm altogether. A. tremendous encore was awarded to the quartet and chorns from I Puritani-"A te, o cara"-which was admirably executed by Bosio, Matio, :Polnini, and Formes, and at; the end of which Madame Bosio sustained a triwo on v. high note (A) that channed every connoisseur by its brilliancy. Mario. too, was in splendid voice, and the whole quartet recalled the best days of the opera. The second partbeganwith Rossini's dashing and energetic overture to the Siegc de Corinth, which was played by the band with wonderful spirit, and obtained just as much applause as Beethoven's Cmoiolan obtained little. Either Beethoven, Coriolanus, or the public mnst have been in fault, for assuredly there is as wide a difference be. tween the overtures as between the men who composed them. Two encores were then accorded in suc. cession-the first to Grisi and Mario, for their exquisite singing-or rather warbling, the nc=a roCe being preserved throughout-of "Tornami a dir," from the garden scene in Don Pasquale; the second to Formes, who gave " Non piu andrai"' with amazing spirit, but heldon the final note so long that the orchestra, in attacldng the concluding symphony without waiting the pleasure of the singer (as Mozart intended) brought discord rather than harmony. Mr. Costa should keep his singers in order as well as his players. The trio of Masks, from Don Giovanni, by Madame Devries, Mademoiselle Maria and Signor Gardoens added another to the encores; and a rather insipid' sir (anonymous), " Son leggero a ver d'amore," exn tremely well sung Lhy Mfademoiselle Nantier Didiee,' another. The pmayer andj?naie from the third act of Auber'& Atasenic7o brought this attractive and well varied concert to a close iin a brilliant manner.
THE HMORAIG STAB. TO THE EDITOR OF TEIE TIMES. Sir,-My attention has been drawn to a paragraph in 27uA 17irncs of Wednesday last, purporting to have been ineertea at the request of one of the passengers by the 31orning Star, lately arrived hero from Melbourne, complaining that on the voyage home a all the requirements for proper ventila. tion, space, and medical attendance and the supply of pro. visions had been disregarded." I was much surprised at fnding that any individual pasq senger on board my ship had cause for dissatisfaction on either of the grounds alluded to, for the space allotted to each passenger was considerably in execss of what is required by the Passenger Act. The ventilation has been approved by the Government emigration officers both in England and Au stralia, and, if there had been any ground of complaint either as to the quality or quantity of the provisions, I should have instantly remedied it if such had betI -reported to me; but I heard of no such complaint, and; although I had the good fortune of rescuing 16 brother se&. men from a watery grave and provisioning them from the 1st of May to the 18th of June, the quantity of provisions 3ssued to each passenger was not diminished. As to tho medical attendance, no fault was found duinig the voyage, but, unfortunately, death deprived us of our surgeoi 10 days before our arrivaL I have only to add that my instructions from the owner are to provide the best quality of provisions an& storeg.- that those instructions have been carried out may be redily proved by anyone who would tah;e the trouble to satisfy themselves by inspecting the surplus now left on board. Yonr -t-dient vnn E. J. ALLEN Commander of the Mornina Star. P.S. I may add, that since the paragraph alluded to ap' peared in 27ic Times my ship has been chartered for the colonies by Mifleses and King1on, the eminent Australian fim.
SMITH V. NEALE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-As the report of this case in your columns may give a wrong impression of the motives which actuated the dcfendant, Mr. Vansittart Neale, we trust that in justice to that gentleman, who has risk-ed and lost upwards of 5,0001. in his endeavbur to establisl a purely benevolent insbitu. tion, you will insert the following statement 1. fr. Vansittart Neale's original offer to Miss Snith wva made solely with a view of securing the r:ght to work her patent for theLadies' Guild, and was accompaniedbya con. dition that if the Guild came to an end any eenso incurred for fees, &c., in keeping up the patent should be repaid by Miss Smith. 2. When these fees became due the institution was on the point of being wound up, and was closed three weeks after. wards. 3. -r. Vansittart Neale considered that under these cir; cumstances the utinost that MEss Smith could equitably re. quire of him wrould he to assist her inobtaining the rmoney required to keep up her patent, if she wished tokeep it ul? This he offered to do, and wshen 3Miss Smith declined thi offer he regarded all equitable claim on her part upon hiur as at an end. Upon the legal merits of his defence it is not of course for us to enter here. TE DEFENDANT'S ATTORNEYS. June 27.
T1E MAs.-Sounumpox, June 27.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Sultan, Captain Cook, sailed this afternoon with the usual mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 48 passengers, and specie %alue 19,1G01., of which 12,1901. is for Cadiz, and the remainder for Lisbon. Tlhe Rovyal -Mail Compan'S steamship Atrato is expected with the next mails from the West Indies, Mexico, and the Pacific about the 30th inst. The Plata, with the outward West India, Mexican, antl Pacific mails, sails on the 2d proximo. The United States' mail steamer Fulton, Captain Wotton, leaves onWetdneday next for New York, wth the French and Eno1ish mail3s passengers, and cargo. The Washington, Captain Cavendy,; from New York to Bremen, with the German, French, and English mails, is expected off Cowes to-morrow. 1f1E IjVyzPOoL Docx EsTAT.-By the :-coi4 parative statement prepared by the treasurer, Mr. G. V. nton, w;e find that the total dock receipts at Liverpool for the year ending June 24, 1856, were 374,0701. 6s. ld, against 304,7466. os. 5d. in the year ending JunDe 23,1855S, being an increase on the Year of 69,3391. os. 10d. Tha increase in the number of ships is 862, and in tonnae 224,458 tons. [Advertirsenent.]-Owing to the indisposition of the Eon. Wrottesley, r Petrie Wauh's Private Theatricals, announced for this day, are unavoidably posts poned. [Advertisement.]-Lady Ashbulrton's ball} asi nounced for the 2d of July, vwill take place on Tu,s4ay,' the 1st.
SALES BY AUCTION. Rle J. Solomon. a banlrupt. AU RJGUFSTUS SMITH is instructed by the Assignees in the above Estate to SELL by AUCTION, at his largeERoom, 255, Blacefriars*road. on Tuesday July 1, atI o'clock prompt, a quautity of HOUSEHOLD FUPNITiRWE Office Fixtures, and a smalU assortment of miscellaneous Jewellery. May be viewed the day prior to tho Bale, and catalognes had on application to H. H. Stansl -Id, Esq., olficial assignee. 10, Basingball-street; Montague Leverson, Esa., solicitor. 12, St Hlelen's-place, Bishopsgate; or of the auctioneer. Freehold.-Land-tax Redeemed.-The Carlton Tavern and Wine and SpsritEstablishmentk atthecornerof the CaTIton-road and Wellington-road, Kentish-town.r mid-way between the two main road leading to Higbgate and Hampsteaa-a rapidly improving and justly admired locality. MESSRS. FIELD and FAITHFULL have receivel instructions from Mr. Thornton, the freeholder and oecupier, to submit to Pubbc AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, July 9, at ll2 unless an acceptable offer be in tbe mean time made by nrivate contract), the extremely valuable FREEEHOLD, with possesiion. of the aboYe important and first-class property, as a highly respech%ble PRBLIC-HOUSE and WINE and SPIRIT ESTABLISHMENT, offering unquestionably a gafe speculation either as an investment or for occuuation. The prenises possess extensive and conspicuous frontage in both roads, present a noble structure, are very substantially built' and are finished in a superior manner, repletewith both bueiness amd family accommodation of the most approved style. There is also stabling. coachblouse, and yard in the rear. The extensive ostitae (of wich this bouse foras a part) hss many hundreds of houses erected and being erecttdthereon, which wvhen finiehedwvil giv cto the neigh. bourhsoo ans importance equal to any suborban disli-ct around the metropolis, and mustinevitably encore5 and that in a -enr abiort pedod, a trade of great magnitude. May be iewed, vwhen particulars may be obhained on the premisea; also at Gasraway's; and of the auctionears, ~comner of 0s 3bnrg-p'aoe, -lHew-road. _r1eTeisi0ntoth6 RU OlIi'snf,~601l3. d., threa pfl esoS.t ColliO1d &ad ps ,threeperCentEeducedBankc Amsuitici. W S.RS.rDRIVER beg to inform the ptib1lic, that the above RESVERiSIONr was SOLD at the auc-tion an the 17th June, 1856.-5. WVhitehall, June, 1826. Barnes. Surrey.-1B:11ld Houe. *1,PSSRS. DRIVER beg to informi the publi;- that MJ. Ethe above PRu]~ERTY was NOT SOLD at the auction on the I7hofJne. and the samee may now bo treated for by Plrivate Cantmc-,Whitehall, June. 1I56 Somneraetshlre.-The valuable acnd ab.olueRvrsostth Ono- Tenth of the Proceeds arising from the Sol ofte we n High Litterton Estate; also the Revers-ion to the Su of£,6 2is. S, Three ger Cent. Consols. 1,E SRS. DRIVER berr to inform the public that il,the above REVERtSiGNA1rI PROPERTIES were SOLD) at the auction on the l7thof June.-5, NWhtehall, June, ISiS. Claphanm, _Srry -Manor.street and Cross-street.-The Mqanor Arms and Six Houses (one being a shoy), let to tenants atrents amountrng' togethier to £-163 e anm MUESSRS. RiVERp are instructed to SELL by ±YLAUCTION, at the Auiction Mart, on Tuesday, July13, at 12. in one lot, the following valuable LEASEHOLD) ESTATE, land tax r'edeemed, desirably sitaate in Manor-street and Cross-street, close to the Clapham-road. comiprisirg the Mat or Arms becrehop, 1, Langtonplalce, Manor-street, with coach-house, stabling, and yard, at present of the net annual value of £35. well and substantially built, fitted, and adapted in ev-ery vay, as also in a situation to command a licence, having bar, bar parrlour. aniother parlour. tap room, and capital club room, with Rood collaring, at present in the Occupation of Mrs. Bather, butwh wil etre n avur ofthe purchaser, ifboughtforoccupatiou. Adjinig ae to delln5-ousr,well and substAntially baitI each two loosanbasmen, wth ron cortsand gardens, being Naos. 2 and3. aneon-lac, Mnorstret,in the respective occupation of Mr. Brnes at £6 peasmum. andMr Dale, at £30 per annum. At therea inCro~s.sret,paritly abut'ting on Prescott-place, are four brik-bultoues,thecorerone being a mulkehop (formerly abaker's), wit yrdsatrea, eig lios 11. 12, 13. and 14, inuthe occupations respctivly f Mr Dics, r. Strutdvick- Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Crabb. at he odeaterens o 1£2 ,4£ 11', andX£37' The whole leasehold esaetu rodc a cross rental of 163 perannum. Thesepremsses re eldby he endrs y lase fo a ermof which 431- years are Eehnan nd Casle proewirtyncuwy t hofcinMato MessrsItixtonsfon,an Atheon,olCitores,A3.GCannteCon-stet city;eand chreof lesslDier, Mesuveos, Lad Regents, and aucineers theWautioehay o bynAUCTIOs.-Iat the Axour-mue, Lin thenthirephofEpworth.o Ehustae comprWIsin abot 1,50 acrIrecsl.tgte wi th. the Manor aubof E0woth Hnd etAvood the poerngtyof Her Majesty.thseso greather r8th portiEsRS hiD RIEgac beenwrd,lignth farae f poured1 Owsth n- ±imy. n Bariltone fromthe Hn Chaleso A.horme, tha te Cimpsonriant chargettog off Donjesty's Land Revenue,yoand unde inthe aupthoityof by teantsOr atos thers Court-houe in the town of Opwobrtb onet Theur pos-ession 14.bati12nfor iereipecy,in oin,rcs.Thpoert yw alaleP1.5 bdiieinoltEs adpedosn tor Her Majestr, the rAls,ther piortio oflandrthxeee and Wetithefre, comp herisings faitrmehuss, ae hseda ingbes,an aboputr1e00ancreso arbe.nmeadow,r an pastrge lad,s tome~thritht havn e wurt-ou,seinghetinoth vaitefEworth , optn.owever, al am n eelton,indthe wise o ff Ax bohds,pnear th inmporant of Lenansewhol seatems wilOxpire on( themlrihgo ober- nexmt,ohn. infessonrm bhe piveio thet rpetive T prcBHasers ThUES Nrost. wll be,Z ndivide int tots aOtdfordod sall investment. Als28, the29 Manrsh ofdEpatrthe and preptarod wth thceire ofiers,fo qut-rents, orbeaoethe menbers Jund appuratenanes exednovr anlts laCnnnsrgee distr icty.oe tinerWitnth Courthose in thny.laeutowno Jeowrhxetn,hwever, ltd od, . all arms and Wdemesde ands, which wil be dispOsed of in~ separateprloin. 7 Prined o frine ldCaret hris, wit pae,mate hade atitheus Red Lion Inn,s ofriths inbandat thesisrincia inn intheneapichous rhood' of Joia eletrrlate Eoods soicitor,au Eporthe aets theolduniceofge Ma: valtuabWods Forestsr, and Laerud RtevrTene., whitesmybeamtplac;o ofHoac Wton, a eq.,icatonrtor Offie autofnWood, wh1w, give heUlce; and afMes l Driver, surv leyos, land agents, hand auction.Mreers, .Whiealbol.,ciy Leseoldetoo0 EsAncetes Oxfor Pandi Cmrde rad.te ign laiLgTESSESn. tthASRoyaldEUAsylrepeSt.n power inor the i pubof the atdo teL aSEOL OUES bs 25 CamRiderod TOW SENDin wer iatrSOLDthis day a the aucmtion, ~/[R to RRL wlSLL by AUCPO ath A,onTIOdy,JlyN at the he Mart,one Waluabesd JuLLyCT2, at 12.aUSTOC ofncluding spc. Canda10ocaes of E.Friiti beerandyq,csonsisitinr of Cherrlotes,rar,Maneion inote doks one Mappiction tof the auctioneer, wh ilGivete nicessayodr.CTaoguentss and sampes Mayie alsofbeshadof urdl Collctio of104 ncint l Pintigs,presnte by ar gEnleane, o leaving ~~~~~~~England,;oteRylAyu ftelt n' Society,n wit power to sell in aid afiheefundsmofethe Charity TOWNSEND is instructedibythunentiC oolittee ~Y1to EL byAUCIO2.attheMer. n Tesay,b Julye on athe2 mens of ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~a o l. .C Sees iaulofertee aro ioudern Globs Lind uerous Efct. GAIRD C SEVEN -will SELL by AUCTION' at MR4. and~o uedy Jfy1,a( following day, at A rcsl, the SOKo r lm,o MuCmN-ENTrS lof nuWO whacouis leAvDInGEngland; consristing o mobedstefor manufactdurig mineral teeth,oalso the cllectio of dlasters day l-prioread mornins of vale, -nd aaogu,op-esrhadoMr .C.Sens R. ETE BOAD-will SELLbyUCONo lctil I -EASE, GonTsdayl, Jixulyr n olwngdy t1 h 20llprbedsteadsan Bedding Esevra wadroe and 3 ce tsodrawers, andcellbes, mlaurge,hmnvey-glrses ornpamenrtoalsiem, and priydnts, pir and mo ligsof sale, andct crmainotguc rsihdeatcM. adsr IR. SETER Q EROATI will SELL by AUCTION,a Jack's CoffeeHouse, Mark-la.ne onrsa Mnday, July 7, ath 2,mathe Arbefiian LeseadsE, Gowill, bedixtre, wandrobUtensils of danwerstbrisi'nd full-pied, Eashatas an itiUSLsetS dof gc1pitacksaadhafairextedeing smin allegos. Thepremises areheldoir for liyears unbexpirreds, datbonl reeduhouse. sbout20p.lantehnots,e garden, stable, and backs erntraocer adonise.llaeuites ay be viewed. Priclraadcnd ctiosoaloges ona the pe Tnss tJc' offeoun M1ark-lane,a olr ofthe aucntisonfieer, f 0, andai soenEffect fromcasthersbresiene ORD ad SON will SELL b AUCTION, atth F eceHalel, Creldenham on Thursdaynx, July 3, athe fremain-si ing.s tbfolwnITvauabE andEFECS fromy theabove-mentiOneD ResdeuER(Th -orielitpiae amsems being ltufumledocmpisg aia mahog10,any Arabiantbledstread, awith bdiong,lewartofoe ehe ton ofdaes drelessing tAbles, acofotable aDwetings,ousetan of caitalmah1Progay etending, dinng abls, apl-wod helonir, ak ibarydtabe cnvrdeit kiwelln and mscelanooaItms. My beviewd, ad catalgest Thada thoele ~~ioyal Exchange.fEae aybeha a Cheltnham GloesteShieabih. 6Goetr 1ORD andEORGNwIGHTEL byll AUCTIO, at theMat .1 leeHtl hlehm nTuesday, July 1. at 12 for 2,t elzeavne, inou six tlois,thofofirtoiclgaluabotlead W ruly demstirable COPly',H arr PROPERT S:-Foznr well-bultprivatedPresidnce,mbengtos. & e .10.indote pAlso a omfraledelighm and hPw bneYtefretmsipers,No Bine, Filsterace, a respetable adimproingneihbourhod;rand arcnvnent. adwelling-ouseand remies,No. 0, Geat acrood-lshpinge . the whol et at 37 pe ausn. aricuar ad cndtios fmale aye laudb pat the uctin MatLonon; f Mesrs.Ureband Cabcta1,loguesofther cTiginor, Chiha H.tl Deo.-aDes, rabl, 4, Moenument-yrd S L ondon;rIV andOfTheNautioneaers, CRoyam oe, o Bucks. he1thd fTl next, a 2fo G ORloEl KiuGh T afte SLLmatton,r LLontuesdat, Julys1ratle for d,t ealisehadvances,tuabote Rsa Adenresof first-cass botte WIES De-rce,onsiting tof Diey's Harrisad, an nddtezsa,anndclse tol cutled Pors,mfromatwortodsixyears in bottle:in pale, grold,adbrowing Shrrieslbray,bthefrstoshipers;tibet, File,trande Co.'s 1 sineenspablin Canpadress40 dooemso superiors Car et,-and ug0d domentioffieesrut Plor or fonuta stiblea and Sona'chippseing,the whole Alson unde thr. Knigcht's coemntro:as 20 dohenra of the finestodinpalet 1whrnndyi siand12doen fof somyoWiosky Soamplouesan staybleshadby pay-s meJnt.arytastedethermorinableof and duringo thesale.Cataogue of three wheeis,oftXI s , Sou cvhnr-ged on te rlesidence,o Sand,l Mr. onte.ec COetTON ApltoMeale'eTozealdHote,soni thursdaThe ig otn.ayo Jl next at2 fr 3o'cok hinrte.Aftroon.Esat H. tAt desONbESand einstructed stuat ReaLb knUTOsvn ato the Draen-terrace Hote,ajiing the Dermvenad An CSc Sea,iand os te toShrewassemby nod Hreaodn rl.ooms comprising, dining,a room dan Troom vliabrary bathrOom, vROEsTibl,land-ntranx rdoemestic owfes also teAfour-talstab,le andcoach-huein theiu rear. Asotiall i that dpacLhedf Wtenemeto,cninsthenea of th prcl esdingcot which islledigabden,fotr commodou canh-house adonditale, with roomags an over. Thebv arehelduforthve arabemiaderof, anter ofstur years. from vd anuary,129.a deteomrmsinabl on the dhoe athofuthe0cr surivofthreei on fein helvs mst eedeutifulypr 33, 37, aond 2tyagonrn of Saop ind2 ines wheat reofm1lsil ecagdo the CrvnA,afresidence, satind oso the tone-sur miitivto. AplHouMess. Torerkp ind Cth, solicitours,Tclgnandatrou strea runsthrouhthpropehrty.-Thcott Etae.,bilmt' n cooperAs CTIop , ant n opst the CanAnaHTrael,lajoiin Rethen,o Craen rarmscStatio ond ltheograwphury panda herefod enapliwaytionthursday Julyi ee, a 3,harewbry;vauabesFrsTeEcbOlad PROents, Liland-tax redeemed, knownk asuthearsott Esolctate Lulynganwithinarn fenae,ma weithwaled garden,iwatern oFrancmill Martndhoseqdjinn, fivet otse,nes, MandhmrodStrihatindphrodciewsbry.e edw npsueln,wt vaPhluablebwoodland comprtisinnthoewhl Deabs out10ares,e situ,atei oaneiofethelst bauiful partsoftmet-he oun etyofaorIprovandg2 miles Codistaontofro theCae burnus Cafist-lses stationgi oxeint theohrd-sbury oftrettbon,s anIsfrom Shewabury.et Te land this ab in a godsaewo celtato, h Hou ndstr ared kp ntenihorod n ru ro bye'chp AUCINdgre, opost the Traveller'say Regst Inn,i one lth bane ee on appELicto B cLncGS, earecedwthin, a. feArctose patnear teBagnigge~-wells,-rouid andvestdiDat.Th ocieodtyonfor 2mproving th suc3h as to ensuire the grentestddegree of comfortand ceaninePssto their inmates, vhile their rents are on a much lower scale than those which are generaDy exacted from the poor for very inferior accommodation, and it is most gratifying to state that these advantages are bighly appreciated by the humble classes, and cause the apartments to be eaceriy sought after by those persous avhom they were designed to assist. They are held upon a lease for the term of S7 years, at the mere zomiunal groundrentof lOs. per anuma, and, after deducting al rates. taxes, and expenses of colection, yield a clear profit rent of .£305 per annum. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had a' the Committee Room of the Association, 21. Exeter-hall; of Messrs. Bridges, Mason. and Bridges solici;ors, Red Lion-square: and at the aactioneers' offices, 28. Chancery-lane, at vlhich latter place plans ot the property may be seen and the fullest particnlars obtainesl. 'Upper East Sheen, Surrey, contiguous to Richmond-park, and near the Mortlake and lichnmond Stations.-By Messrs. TOGHtL, and JACKSON, at'the Mlart, on Tuesday, Jgly S, at 1 precisely, in two lots, by order of the proprietor: OT 1 is a thorourrhly Well-built arnd sin-ularly L attractive detached Villa'Residenre, in the Italian style of architecture, and of elegant design, ealled Derby Villa, Upper East Sheen, stauding on an elevated lawn, with tastefully laid out grounds, meadow land, pleasure and kitchen gardens. -with lodge entrsace, containing three room, s.c., comprising about 31 acres. The house contains, on time upper fleor, 10 capital well-arranged bed rooms. two dresoinr rooms (which have recently been newly decorated and fittea with mr.rble mantiepieces and stoves), large nursery bath room, snd two water-closets on the ground floor, an entrance hall with elegant double staircases, a suite of three handsome reception rcome, communicantig or dividing at pleasure. housekeeper's room, well fitted offices, &., stabling, oach-houses,. and outoffices. moderately estimated at £200 per annum. Lot 2. A valruas le Plot of Building Land. possezsing a frontage of 368 fees to the Upper Road, with a depth of 270 feet, and contamning about 2- acres, the road to which is made' from its high and healthy situation, is of a first-class character for building purpose being a light loamy soL on a s'ratum of gravel. The land tax oD both tot is redeemed, and there isa valuable right of common on all the commons of 'Wimbledon lanor, ofwhichi manor both lots are hoslaen. Every facUiltyfor enfrainchising ie given by the L ord of the Manor. Thewellnianufactured ferilture may be taken bythe purchaser at valuation. The premises mayrbeviewed bycards only. PartirciiarsandoendiUOns. vwsh lithograprhic elevation and ground plan of the estate, to be haid at the Mairt; ,f Mr. Stone, solicitor. Wirrlcsworth, Derbrshire; Mesrs Stevens and Setchrill solicitor. 6, Queen-street, Cheaipaide ans d Messrs Toghill anqd Jaskaon, &state agents and auctionecers, George.aret,a P,irhmond, t <, . X~~~~~~- Illomineld-tenracc, Hrarrow-ro3ad 1IJESSRS. FOSTER. and SON are direeted isv thle Executor, of a gentleman. deceeged. to sELL by AUCtGha, On theo Premises, No. 30. Blomfdeld-terrace, THIS DAY, Jtane 2& st 1, the neat HOUSEHOLjD FDBNlTURF, a smal library of Ilsoo, some plate, kc. On Ti-ew one day prior, and ca'alocues bad of Meass4t. Foster, Ci, Pall-mnall Bend.etreet.bHoonwh ol rnt rde,rsal queTantty fPrts Wns SS.FOSTER andc SON wr ir eLLed toUEC- theA RIOoms, Ntte Glesw 4 Panl-mtr llt on Weadsnedy Jat 2, mod pern aO mall bu excelenTtCOL inClTIONg of hadsM e w the ptlanel ofplat-lasl, Duchin, -dEglass, andookstchengreqcisits wll befia,ad aboo t spe dozens of godPrwieCalgusaero Veasqe nog.t! u&30 lT nyod ACdpatlulye elbation of icrebAcntan odern MvVeasters,a prtmovedf fro pnes flvpahire. to ubesodhisoricle~rks o bth Tru%Vsteeds. ule ton;LtheAMckh Eletinn the Gley 4u' Peeallml. on Weadonesday, Jul biee twoundgads specime,nd caao gushdafes selfie Coolhs iuea M pagnobettiBrk -ruryad rWiale J-ReaoldsFtt called Coenons Fom Preofthesem anr Wesdtax JnAKrd a ns diepONbegto annouet thatyd ts2en J-And 4o patichse abocehglebretionofa Tbl y RPelaTquez:aprtri N OTS ia princeslof Saucion. bydma nouhe be hitoricatdfork by B.ivWes aondtinle ton;rtheuar mocb Electionfi the auciongersBec, K by ayo. ab Cwoolws, nflidearMa-idestmcad, Horus-ez, vahoshleareeholdes Butat lad c.called t thene'arrovrm fre l, nte ete of titem adolnd na . DAKER and SON beg toEnnonc tby lUTOtAX, at at theat auctio, aWenedmay newy be trate for bn srixats,te contract valuable COPYHOLD PROPERTIES, via_, fouir large houses anti shops with gardens, wazebouses stabling, a cottage, fcc. : in the mait street. close to the school; let on leasese. for wlhiehs larage premsinms were paid to Messes. Thompson, Winkly, and Waldironrs also a mosco valuabl-a piee o bildnglnd imedatey a te rarof the lIter. Mr. Dsiru's houe ad te shoo; ad acaptalfied f meadow land, desirably situte y te aie o th rod ledin frm Rxeth to 'Uxbhi-dge, cootaining h, hr. 22p, the who e produiga h rsent low rental, £210per nnum Ma be iewe on wee prir. articulars had at the ing' Hed, Hrro: ofMesss. aylo, Mson,andTaylor, solicitrs,15,Puriva's-ran Hobor; a th Mat; ndof the suc- conveniece of sale. 'VP SRS.O ODARD,BROTHERS, lvill SELL IO,abh eolr n adjoining their officer. Par-hose,Tloroiltroa, arn.huy.prkon Thursday, July 3, at liZ he enune ad wll-ade UItLTlBE,compnesing'a drawing roomsuse inroswoo, nshocnylo an osertablesd phairs soa e. -By IMr. A. FLETCHEIl. at the Dolphin Hotel, Sauthampton. sol,ect to conditions ot sale, on Thursday, July 3, at 3 o%cle-sk. in thei afternoon. A ever-siona-ry Interest in a aloiety of £05,900 T-hree Atk per Cent. per Annum Consolidated Bank Annuities Pristed particulars and conditions may be obtained on appligatlila at the offices of Me'srs. Patterson and Bradby, so-iciturs, Southampton-. Messrs. Clarke and Morris, soinatars, 29, coleeisa-etroet, LondonMessrs. Bridger and Collins, solicitors 31, KCing WsLosnsstreet, 0eandon-bridge: and of the auctioneer, Milbroo)la L.eadenhll-street.-iCm oflnItla rbeadlbsercl- tare, ex the Angelica, frm Leghorn). SITGRAVE, wfil SELL by AUCTION, at his suItwE, 28, Leadenhall-street, city. on Tuesday, July 1. at2, without reserve, a, consignment of superior ALAIIASTEr, and MARBLE SCUILPTVRIs, from the eminent studio of Beazi of. IFloresce; comprising fine Adrian, Esculapian. and Aiadnetz'A vases, fountains, Hebe ewers. urns, and sarcophagus, a erplendid ;Ild Elba stone font. end a variety of eleganit andl useful artieles, by artists of high standing in Rtome and Fiorence. MaYbe viewed on Monday, and catalogues bad at the rooms. Small Leasehold ILvestment, -Berwick.street., Oxfordi-street. j5ESSRS. OXENHJAMl andl SONS wil SE LL by 3 A TIN, attheir Rooms, 353, Oxford-street.neatrtbe patheoto, on Tuesday next. July- 1, at 12 for i punctually, by ordero~f the Executrix of the late Mtr. George Weeb-stead. a small LEASEHOLD IX'NEETME-NT, consisting of an excellent bounc, 455 Bers-Ick-street. Oxford-street, 'with workshops in the rear let to resnoectamble tusanta. producing anetsmanualrental of £28. Maybeviewed by permission of the tenants. until the sale (Sunday exeeted). Particulars had of Messrs. Hrd end Son, solicitors,rPortland ciamabers,Great Titchfieldstreet ; and at Meows. Oxenhamn's offi ces, 353, Oxford-rtrect. Edmonton. aen:r the churILt-TLwo newly-biuilt Houzes, Eligible Building Land, the Workhouse, and Building Materials. - RFE BINGLEY is instruLcted by the Asasignees SulrSmith, to SELL by AUCTION. at Garaa .OnL Thursday, July 3, at 12, an extenEive PLO ofBID GLdli with a considerablefrngetthtunieraladg rmdo. ton to BEhfeld; alns To nelerceDwligHus:te sag or Building formel usda h okos,adalreqatityo Building Materias ?riuaeadcniin,o aemyhnitie at the ollices of Messs. Day sadc Wrigt2.Pprbidns fsle of John Sawyer, Reqo.. Enfield; teacine,4 lh-od htgn'spr;and at Gramways. On View.-Mlodern Furniture Grand Pi=anOforte,' few old Paintings, P'lated Articles, China. Table Clods-, 14-feet glazed Show Case, Paony Plhaeton, and other Effects. 7%4R ROBERT REII) williSELL, at his Rooms;, Lt reat Marlboronqlh-street. on Meanday. June 30. at 10 for Il.1 FUJItNITUItE; comprising 'walnut, rosewood, and mahogancy lo. chaim end ining ta'bes, oak wiged bookcse,Ian g chtimney Romney-marash. Kent.-By Messrs. UOBB, at the Sararen's Head 1Inn. Ashfordlo Tuiesday. the lot of J uly, at 2, on one lot. desirable Freehold Estate called C-'edecot, Totherwi_s0eCanoFats-rm, in the paxish of LyAd, withini one mille of the town of New 1Romney. comprising aboiit 9ii ares of arable and pasture land of the richest euality, with farm-house end premises;. alsoavanluable brick and tile yard. imnmediately adjolainithehighs road. The whole is in the Occupation of Mr. Yobert Je 'nT.rar and offers an excellent property for investment or profitablo oceupatien. ParticulaTs, with plans. may be hand a' the principal inns at New Romney. Lydd, end Ashford ; of Messrs. Hanhury sand Smaitjr, solicitors, Leamaincton; at the Auctioni Mart'; and of Mlesses. Cobb, surveyorsavdllandget.s, l11, Lincoln's-inn-fielde', audh ochoster. Kent. Idnoobashire.-By W. M.EDLAND. at thePeacooc,Len, 113oston.onWed- nesday, July 2, at 2for 3 in the afternoon, in 4S lots, _TPEN Farms, and 38 other LandedI Investmients, con- JtaiLingli,37S acres of rich2xarbleandgrazitngland, in the parishesof Wrangle, Butterw-ick. end Freiston,all freehold,tithefree, and land-tax redeemed, with atrifling exception. This estate is situate riincoeof thericest qdistricts of theocounty,so justly celeborated forthe extraordinary an Fi-rnsst-rinted partiuolarnTs,menth litographifc es myb MjESSRS. BROOKS andl BEAL have receivedl i- stmuetiolnsto sibmnitfor SALEby AUCTLION, in one or sIxota. at Gramway's, on Thursday, Jufly 10, at 12, unless on accepinbie otrer belan te meantime madle b private treaty. a tithe-ccnunmted F.REEHOI,D ESTATE, consisting of three very desirable farms, a lester corn mifll, and cottages end gardnens containing in a ring fence 100 sRes 2 roods, 3 pulese, situate in the several parishes of South P'erott, Ch2d dingon,Broawanor,and easinstr t-eter 'with the manor or repued anorof iclilt.let o hebjyrsectable and respunsible tennts prdulnga anualren of£81. idependent of the planta- Attractive Leasehold Investments, Great Dover-attest. Southwark. andl Soith-stareet, StL ranDcras. ~,ESSR.S. PUGH apd Co. are inst-ructed to SELL bypuibli1c AUC0TI ON, at th e Mar -.t, onu T aes day. J i ly 3U. at 12, in lots, THiITIrTEN PPrVATE HOUSES. Nus. 50 to, 82. Deverell-street; a corner Shop and one other, Nos. 4S and 49, Deererlliroreet, end a small House, No. 23, Lawson-street: the whale sitreate contiguous to that leading thoroughfare Great Dover-stretst, and let to est-ablished. tenants, at rents amounting to £_383 per annum, and held for an minx- tr,ed termoflS years,at alowground rent. Also a Leasehold Ground l~en an Hcse, ce.25 nd 2, Sithstret, near the terminus of the rea Nothen Ralwa, aloclityrapdlyimpovig in value. These proerties ae of subsantial eection, n excellen_.t repair. welt occuied en prsen to he mal caitaistgreat attractions for socee srestmea, ad ma bevieed b pemision of t-he tenanuts, For absolute Sale.-Three elegant Villas, two pretty Cottages, and a Terrace House, Kensington-pari:, Stoke Newington, and Ilavcr-. stork-bill. R. SFARIIANwill SELL by AUCTION, at I h Mr, on Monday.,Junoe3I, at 12, in lots, THREElhandsome semi-detached VILLAS, wi-th gardens, and onarseentaLl pleasiire grounds in the rear, 32. 34. and 34, Clsrendon-road Villas north. Xensington-park, producing £201 3is. a'rear, held by three leases for 8 3 ears, at modlerateo zround rents; and two unusually well-built seven-roomed Cottage with long garden; anda a capital inine-roomea tervace How,se, 3 and 4. Shakespeare-road, Albion-ro?4i Steaec Newing- vNewe by, leavtret,an particy-sularsehodhofMesrs.itogtreno and Ja- son, olitoss4,incudngrala-b2eioleandgo: rMessr.eiCdabnd ts,Tsolcors aengmnyon-ere ApMoterdaRedo Cap, Cmamden-town cangcel, Isldngeon ral lare Fierand Chinmney Gla.sses E SS. USn%jrRTHand JAIVIS will SELL .mkI by AUCTIO, on the PremisEes, on Isonsday, June30. and fol- Ilowing day, the lease having been diapered of, the capital FUtN I- TUBE ; comprisig, in the bed rooms, 17 Iron, brass, and other bedsteads andbedding. with appropriate ebaniber reqsuisites of every do. Ecripition, miltes of sCk tabaret curtains in the grand solon nnd dra w.ng roomns, with gilt French chairs, sofras, end conebhes, in the style of Louis XV.. ottomanis and indulgent ch airs, a great variety of tables in choice woodls, very flue old bonie and marqueterie comTnodes and cabinets, gilt French pier tables and vlsasesc, noble chinury-glarses eat-glass chandelier, or-mosii suspending lamps, lance cut pile. bErns;Zsel,nd other carpets, diniing room curtans in crunason damaske, a set of oak circular expanding tables. mahogany pedestal sideboard, side tables, libr,ary tables, sets of chairs ini leather, oak bookcases, a small iron safe, hall tables and chairs, clock~ yard end half wide stair carpeting andflor-lot, lrg sevats'hal ad ktcen tables, oak presses, a Bakr' pten mnte,copercuinry tesis,handsome serie of andcatloges ad n te pemio,ofmeessrs. t.Na',Huntiozgflonshire. 1~JR.ABBTTis nsrucedtoSELL by AUC.A3J. TON, ude a ded f arangmentforthe benefit of creditozrr perha trapin, vluale roo stffs weghig machlines, weight1, teligle vertical Sawing frames, circniar, vertiral. and cress-cut saws, a very valuable 9-feet double-motion, iron turning lathe, complete, withi all the tools, Pontifex's patent malt mill, portable smith's forge, 20 homs power iron steasm beler linseed mill and oat crusher, liarge and expensive iron cese, mahogany desks, endl all the miscellaneous, toole, measures, utensis, timber, wood, and other effects. N.B. No Pu'rchaser appearing for the mil at the sale on the Sth inst., Mr. Abbtt s oen o a ofera' rivte reay.Catalogues are preparng audmybe ad, n an aftr th letof Jly.on the p.remilses : at th Gerg Inns,Vm Hutiugdoe and Bedford:e Creeow,gledad and oho Patton;g Ptidkrl CanbrdgleAge, Pertemretertownuhf waitroe Wtints cismbrlsong4 of.-r. Emfexery nodara oubll,a Bds; r. Ewar lae:SadSr.S bot.2O,KBeDfSrad-rw LoNdon and SE LLsh St.Neo's AunTIO, wihouwil frwaerd onte byRost ond Crecitofn twn, as Eesex.s-LcrvAluabetan desimable FREEHOLD and OPERYls Esatles, rgotssituate inth pardish de n1ogTaxedn, Aresdxen, Elmowno Lo2Avering vandluanbley n-ea ~thel maret tthfresae,kown o aro Waldten caomurisig 47Fam . 3r, ~xkm dpuo exu,cenllen agmble and grass,p os la d. -- 16tuat nerS theCchLrch and KN withltremnso uleyedSELL ti o bo EACTION witountie rieserve lUat ,i the RosadCowuaon Inn 1.As le HouroreLt 1 t mos cmpctdeirbestFReEHOLDt PReeoldadput celleod Piggtted shitute onia sBtardolind-gree nearis ofe tmown Ouc Tacled,ningtainjrog tLangr.le.in. thnue of2r.pJeoh Notlsagshsoclflinyn tO.S.3P ot 2,-A Tery valurable frehlpadyihe-fre estate, callen ast the Pairsoaeamdttks n onann 4a r Os otdesirabl situae near thehuirch,an wifi thrgee n milesofThe Augy-en Sta- 14ra. Allen.Htreol. Lot 3.of A c.ompact esate LpotBDitteoldand pbast lot 4, situate in the parish of Langley, a short distance front the Chuch,in enre~of heExeatos f te lteMr. Chas. Stock, con- miin Ia. I. 9p Prtcuar,wih itogapiaplns my e a
