DEATHS. On the 5th ult., in the 31th year of b is age. at Canetta, Peru, South America, ,U,ernon, eldest son of M'r. James Forsyth, of 71, Hlorse ferry-road, F estminster. O ni the nti ins,, at Park-place, Severnol.-s. Elizabeth Mackie, the affecti,onate wife of Patricks Banttr,, IM.D., Glocester-terrace, Hydepark, london, esteemel by aU wvith whom she wras acquainted. On the 12th inst., universally respected. Mr. James Cooper. Maidenlane, Covent-garden, aged 71. "The memory of the just is blessed." On the 13th inst., at Bridge-pl.ce, Harrow-road, Sophia, widow of the late Mr. William Stevens, aged 6i. On the 13th inst., Cnarles Henry Beddoes, Esq., Commander, of the Royal -Navy. On the l3th inst..suddeuly, Athur Barron, of the Inner Temple, barrister-at-law, and late Fellow of Trinity CoUege, Cambridge, aged 55. On the 13th inst., at Southse3, John, Eecond son of Edward Welch, Esq., of Camden-road Vilas, Camden-town, after several years of severe illness, aged 35. On the 13th inst., afterlong and severe sufiering, borne with Christian fortitude, Mary Ann Eleanor, relict of the late Mr. Geo. Taylor, of Pembroke-square, Kensington, aged 59. On the 13th inst., at Aspley Guise, Bedfordshire, Mary, widow of Thomas Moule. Esq., of Stable-yard, St. Jamees Palace. On the 11th inst., at BicknoUer. Somerset, William Henry, eldest son of Winm. Malrshall, Esq.-, of H.M.'s Custom;, aged 35. On the 13th inst.. at his residence, 25 Motcomb-street, Belgravesqjuare, CharlesWilliamn Edwards, Esq., of the St. Katharine flocks. On the 14th inst., at 76, Bridge-road. Lamsbeth, in his 43th year, M1r. Henry Hill, late Premier Viola. Rtoyal Italian Opera. On the 14th iast., at Button-bridge. Yorksbhire, Gcleoge Reginald, the only child of George Rt. Withington, aged six mouthis, 16 daiys. On the 14th inst.. at Teddington, Edith Sophia, the infant daughter of William W. Ladell, Req. On the ;4th inst., at Bayswater, in the 15th year of his age, Charles John, youngest son of the late George Stow, E-q.. of Brompton. On the 14th inst., at 76, Ebury-street, MTr. Joseph Baker, inhis 64th year. On the 14th inst., Richd. Lang6ord, Escq., of Thrussington, Leicestershire. aged 7T. On the lth ist., at 24, Glocester-gardens, Sir George Duckett, Bait.. F.R.S., F.S.A., S&c., in the Tgth year of his age. On the 15th inst., at his residence, the Close, Salisbury, Philp Piackney Loder, EEq., aged 66. On the 15th inst., Mr. George Wood, of 5, New-street, Dorset-square, in the 2Sth year of his age, after a short but painful ilness, deeply and deservedly lamented. On the 15th inst., at his residence, 35, St. Aldate's, Oxford. much lamented by his family and friends, John Faulkner, REq., in the 61s' year of his age. On the 15th inst.. at 24. Finchley New-road, St. John's-wood, Alexander, youngest child of Captain Robert Scott, H,C.S., aged eight months. On Sunday, the 15th inst., at 10. Portland-pl ice, aged 19, 'Matilda Jane, second daughter of Thomas B. Horefall, Eoq., MI.P. On the lith inst., at 52, Wimpcle-street, Thomas Poynder, Rsq., of Hillimarton-lodge, Wilts.
-- O- -FTIGN - FRANCT1- [The following appeared in onr second-edition of yestezd-y :-3 (YIROM Oup. OWN UORR TelI; b PARIS, SUNDAY, JUE 15,' Noo;. The latest hour at which letters can be posted to- day is 12 o'clock; there is, therefore, little titue for I niany details of the proceedings connected with the fete in honour of the baptism of the infant Prince, in: addition to what I communicated yesterday. The Emperor and Empress proceeded, as I have already said, to the Hotel de Ville after the ceremony of NTotre Dame. They were conducted to the great gate of the church by the Archbishop of Paris, dressed in full pontificals, with mitre and crosier, and his gorgeous cope stiff with embroidery and glittering with gold. The Archbishop distributed his benediction to the multitude on the right and left as he passed down the grand aisle. It would indeed be difficult to form an idea, without seeing it, of the magnificent coutp dceil which struck you as you entered the cathedral. The church had been decorated richly,-the lofty ceiling, coloured liaht blue and studded with stars, the stained glass dinming the excessive glare of the sunlight; the crimson drapery with which the walls were covered bringing out in fine relief the rich dresses and uniforms of those who filled the galleries and the aisles. The choir was one blaze of light from thousands of tapers, and the prelates, habited in futll pontificals, with mitre and crosier, seated on their crimson benches, gave a peculiarly solemn character to the whole scene. The Emperor lookedwell, andtheEmpress appeared quite recovered from her indisposition. The Imperial child was the object of general curiosity. He was borne aloft in the anis of Madame Bruat, the governess of the " children of France," and preceded their Majesties. The nurse, a magnificent-looking peasant woman, dressed in a picturesque costume, followed close at hand. An eflect, which can hardly be described, r.as produced when the ceremony of baptism was cornpleted and the governess handed the child to the Esmpress, and the Master of the Ceremonies advanced to the centre of the choir and cried out three times " Fice le Prince Imperial," when a thousand voices took up the cry, and the orchestra thundered forth a hymn composed for the occasion. The Empress appeared much affected at this moment, .and tenderly kissed her child, while the shouts rose again and again. In a word the spectacle was one which to be felt must have been seen; it far surpassed in gorgeous display all that was witnessed in the same place on the occasion of the Emperor's marriage. Among those who composed the cortfge the pelson wsho, after the Emperor and Empress and the infant Prince, w.as the greatest object of ctuiosity was Prince Oscar of Sweden, the ,grandson of Bernadotte. The Prince is very tall, very thin, and his dark complexion and black hair indicate his southern origin. Their Mlajesties proceeded to the Hotel de Ville by the Rue d'Arcole. They were received by the Prefect of the Seine, the President and Members of the M1unicipal Council, and the Prefect of Police. The banquet was laid out in the Salle des Ftes, which was adorned with the utmost magnificence. Their Majesties, surrounded by the Princes and Princesses of the Imuerial family, took their places nt a table raised a little higher than the others. During the dinner selections from the most popular operas and cantatas were performed. The Emperor and Empress retired about 11 o'clock, after having visited the suite of apartments of the Hotel de Ville, and returned thanks to the Prefect for the brilliant festivities given in their honour. They returned to the Tuileries along the Rue de Rivoli, which was brilliantly illumiinated and decorated with flags and streamers. The illuminations of the Hotel de Ville were remarkably tasteful. The crowcds collected in the approaches to the Vathelrsd of iNotre Dame to see the cortfge pass -were enormouts. Indeed, it looked as if all Paris had gone thither, and for hours the Boulevards and the streets in the neighbourhood were nearly deserted. Last night the public buildings and many private houses in remote stheets were illuminated, but this is the night for the great display. The houses along the Boulevards and principal streets are decked out with flags, and representations are given at all the theatres gratis. The doors have been thronged with crowds fiom a very early hour in the morning. We read in the Ind4pendance Belge, umder date Hamburg, 5th inst.:- " Aftei the attacks directed in 1854 and 1855 by an English and rrench squaadron against forts St. Peter and St. Paul, and the establishments possessed by Russia in Kamtschatka. it was repeatedly stated that the Government of the Czar would renounce the occupation of that barren and remote territory. These rumoulrs were iufounded. Far from abandoning its inititary and commercial establishments, the Russian Government has adopted measores, since the re-establishment of peace, with a view to extend the colonization and augment its commercial relations with those distant regions. Some years before the war a.company, over which Baron de Stieglitz presided, and founded at St. Petersburg, had established factories in Kanitschatka and in the island of Sitka. Thlo company was prosperous beyond all expectation. The war, of coure, completely paralyzed its operations, buit it is shortly to resuime them on new and more extensive bases. The splendid vessel Cesarewvitsch, which, on her return from Kauitschatka, with a cargo estimated at 2,000,000.., succeeded in escaping the vigilance of the English cruisers and in entering ouLr port, is preparing to quit it for theRusso-Armerican possessions, with a rich cargo of European goods, such as linens, cottons and wvoollens, clothes, and other articles adapted to the use of the colonists andi inhabitants of those rigorous clinmes. Another vessel, belonging to the samle company, is al,o loading for Sitka, with a similar cargo, and these vessels wvll be shortly followed hy others." THE I3EDITERRAPNEAN. (E-uO3x Otx OwVx CORRPEspoxr-Tr.) MARSEILLES, JTL-\E 13. The frigate Constitution, towled by the steam cor-vette Czaton, arrived yesterday from Kamiesch, whernce they sailed on the 27th ult. They broughlt ,00 troops and an enormous quantity of military stores. They were followed by the steam transport Dordogne -t-ith 800 men from Porquerolles. They sailed again this morning for Porquerolles to feteh mo-etroops. The steam corvette Saone arrivedclast evenin with 800 Chassetirs de Vincennes, who formed part of the garrison of Eipatoria. She sailed thence on the 30th of May. The men landed this morning, and appeared to enjoy excellent health. The Saone likewise brought a quantity of hay from the Crimea, which had been shipped from this port. The communication by railway betvween Lyons and Marseilles is not yet re-established. Travellers are forced to pass through Nismes or Beaucaire. The Papin Steamboat Company have organized a tily service between Beaucaire and Avignon for the convenience of travellers. The railway company, in the meantime, are using every exertion to repair the damage caused to the railway between Tarascon and Avignon. A considerable number of men are employed day and night, but the water is falling but slowly, and, the floods having caused several deep holes, the repairs are more difiicult than was expected. It is hoped, however, that the communication will be completely restored within 10 days at the latest. At present there is but one mail clespatched daily from Marseilles to Lyons. It leaves at 10 p.m. The village of Bezandun, in the department of the Drome, and 80 acres of the most fertile land in the department, have been swept away by a landslip and the ruins carliecl into the river Bine. The chateau of Truinas, in the same department, has likewise been destroyed. The southern departments have not only siffered severely by the late inundations, but are likewvise about to be deprived of a great source of wealth, at least for this season. It appears that the silkw-orms are dying of a disease wvhich the Italians call gattbie. Their growth becomes stopped. Some produce a few threads and others attempt to form a ball, but the silk is of no value. The silk crop for this year will be the wvorst that was ever knowin. The Emperor of Russia has appointed Dr. Chwostoff to be his Consul-General at Marseilles. ATJSTRTA. (FROss OLn Owy- coiREsro-DErT.) Uitil mlorning it wa VIENNA, JUSE 11L Untilthis morningit positively denied in official circles that there had been any new collision betwveen the Imperial troops in the Principalities and the Wallachians, but one of the morning papers has received a communication from its Bucharest correspondent which removes all doubt on thesubject. On the 2d inst., some Austrian Lancers, w-ho were ontheir march from Bucharest to Fokschany, on the frontiers of Moldavia, arrived at the townI of Buxeo or Buzen. The officer who had the command, of the detachment desired to have the use of certain' waggons which he saw standing in the yard of an inn, but a Wallachian officer, who chanced to be present, told him that his wish could not be complied with, as the waggons had been taken by him for his company, which was on its march to Brailow. A dispute ensued; and, as theWallachiani Militia "beggan to make preparations for forcibly resisting the demands of the Austrian officer, the Lancers made use of their weapons, and woumded several (about a dozen) of their opponents." The commander of the Lancers was slightly wounded with a bayonet. As soon as the news of what had occurred was known at Bucharest the Austiian General Marziani, accompanied by a military judge (Stabs-Auditor), left for Buseo. The Wvallachian Government also immediately sent a major and the physician of the WVallachian forces to the scene of action. As is but natural, the conduct of the Austriansoldiery will excite great and general indignation abroad, and there is reason to believe that it will give no great satisfaction here, as Count Coronini, when he left for Bucharest some six months ago, received strict instructions from the Emperor to keep the troops under his command from quarrelling with the inhabitants of the Principalities. The following is a summary of various odds and ends of newswhich have reached us from Odessa The Russian ernploy&s are taking aU possible advantage of an ordinance which prohibits the exportation of paper money. Since the foreigners in the Crimea have been able to mix freely with their ci-derant foes many Russian bank-notes have found their way into the hands of the former in exchange for goods, horses, &c. Some of the unfortunate possessors of Russian paper money have recently made trips to Odessa, but on their arrival their newly-acquired treasure was taken from them and confiscated by the employjs, " in obedience to orders received from the Finance Department." One of the sufferers was a ConsulGeneral, but even he was unable to learn whether his property had been confiscated for the use of the State or of the clerks. A complaini has of course been made to the high autholities at St. Petersburg. A colonel belonging to the French " intendance" went from Kamiesch to Odessa to offer to sell certain superfluous supplies of provisions and ammunition, but General Lilders declined to make any purchases. The French officer asked permission to go to Nicholaieff to renew his offer to the Admiral stationed there, but Count Strogonoff refused to grant it. Very soon after the quarantine had been abolished at Odessa an English war steamer cast anchor in the port, and the officers were at once allowed to land land enter the city. The commercial world of Odessa is in a state of great excitement, it being rumoured that Odessa is to be a free port. The Custom-house and quarantine emplo?y&s aver that no change can be for the better, but of course the merchants, corndealers, shopkeepers, and worlmen are not of the same opinion. Twice a-month there will be a communication between Odessa and Galatz by means of steamers belonging to the Danubian Company. GeneralKochonovitch, formerlyCommander of Kinburn, is now at Nicholaieff, and it is believed that he will not escape so easily as was at first expected. The fort of Kinburn will be entirely demolished, but the fortifications of Oczakoff are to be greatly strengthened. An electric telegraph is to be constructed between all the great arsenals in the empire. The Oesterreich iscke Zeitung learns from St. Petersburg that there has been a sharp conflict between the Englishl and French prisoners at iharkoff, in Southern Russia. Some remarks contained in a recent number of the Ultramontane organ, the Deutscldaasl, which is published at Frankfort, induce me to give credit to a singular report which circulates here. The Deutschland boldly asserts that the Church has a rigcrht to be listened to by the police and the courts of justice in all matters connected with the management of the press. The report in circulation in Vienna is, that the bishops demanded of the Minister for Ececlesiastical Affairs that their right to interfere with the periodical press should be formally recognized. That pious son of the church sa-w no reason wly sich a demand should not be granted; but it is said his Imperial Master was more clear-sighted. The Ultramontanists or Jesuits -for they are, in fact, synonymous-would fain do regular police duty, as you will learn by the following anecdote, for the perfect correctness of which I can vouch. In a by-street in Vienna is a very large china warehouse, and in one of the shopwindowswas thegroup of "Ariadne sitting on a Panther," by Dannecker, and a corresponding female figure (Cybele, I believe) sitting on a lion. TH. Klinkowstr6m, a Jesuit preacher, who is notorious for his violent and singularly drastic deumnciations of the prevalent vices of the day, chanced to remark the two classical groups, and, entering the shop, he angrily ordered one of the young men to remove them. The shopman asked the reverend father whether he belonged to the police, and, on receiving a reply in the negative, he very properly told him to mind his own business. An application was subsequently made to the police by the proprietor of the china warehouse, and the lovers of the fine arts will doubtless be glad to learn that Ariadne and Cybele are still where they were before they offended the eye of the Jesiuit. The Volksfrceund, the organ of the St. Severin Club, contains a most violent attack on Protestant England, and the inhabitants of that country are denounced as a good-for-nothing set of heretical hypoclites. The principal Austrian manufacturers have formed a plan for sending commercial agents to different parts of the East in order to obtain orders for their goods, but the vis inertlhe is so strong here that it is very douibtful whether it will be carried out. There have been three well defined cases of cholera in Vienna during the last week. rn order to induce travellers to the East to go by way of Trieste, the Trieste Zeitunng makes known to the public that the Austrian passport system has, since the commeneement of the year, been greatly simplified. UnfortLnately, however, the statement is incolrect. PRUSSIA. (EROM OUR owN CORRBsOxNDENr.) sBERLIN, Ju,sE 14. Contrary to the expectations of many, the departure of tee dmlaress of Rdssia from Potsdam has only been delayed by one day. She left Potsdam this morning for Weimar; on Monday she is to proceed from WVeimar, ei idt Frankfort, to AWurtemberg. On the same day, or the day after, the King will also leave Potsdam for Stuttgard, to return the visit wvhich the King of WVurtemberg paid him last autumn at Stolzenfels. A grand review has been arrTanged by the King of VLurtemberg in honour of his Royal guest, to be held on the Wiesen, at Kanstatt, a large open space on the banks of the Neckar, where popular festivals are generally held; the troops to be reviewved will comprise the garrisons of Stuttgard, Ludwigsburg, and (Imiund, consisting of five regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, the Royal mounted body guard, the feldjiigers, artilleiy, and pioneers. The return of the King to Berlin from Stuttgard, on occasion of the visit of the Archduke Maximilian, will be so timed that he will arrive there just a day after the arrival of. his guest, which -will probably tale place on the 20th instant. The King will be accompanied on his visit to Stuttgard by the Minister-President, Baron von MIanteuffel. The Prince of Prussia left here on Thursday evening for a tom' of military inspection in Westphalia and iRheinland, and -will at its conclusion join the Princess at Baden-Bladen, whence they will both proceed to Ostend, on their way to London, where they Will arrive in the early Dart of July. Tlle Grand DukNeMichael is still staaying here, and occupying himself very assiduously in the stuly of the artillery and small arms branch of the Prussian service; lie has latelyvisited Spandau, and examined all the works there for the casting, boring, &c., of great guns, the manufacture of ammunition, &c.; and seldom a day passes witaout his being present at soine inspection or shooting practice. lie seems also to find considerable amnsement in Nisitincg the valious places of public entertainment, inwhichWthis town abotunds; as he goes about in simple plain clothes, and his whole manner and appearance are very unassuniing, his intcognito is perfect. The marriage which it seems was contemplated for him with the Princess Sidonia of Saxony will not take place, in consequence of the refusal of the latter to enter the Russo-Greek Church, and in consequence, it is believed, of the family now turning their thoughts towards the Princess Marie, second daughter of Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, and niece to the Queen-Dowager of Holland, who is a daughter of the Emperor Paul. Lord Wodehouse and his suite arrived here on Tuesday, and his Lordship dined, by invitation, with the King at Potsdam on Thursday. The pe- sonid of the future French Legation in- St. Petersburg passed through here on NWednesday; the French Con_ul, Le Comte de Vallat, is still here, with the various members of the future Consulate. As is very frequently the case in this country at this time of the year, most of its representatives at foreign Courts are just now present in the capital, and among them Baron von Richthofen, Prussian Mirister in Mexico, who has been designated to represent Prussia in the commission for settling the future constitution of the Principalities. The'King of Wurtemberg will probably be represented at the coronation of the Emperor of Russia by Prince Friedrich of Wurtemberg, his nephew and son-in-law. The King conferred on the Emperor of Russia,on MIay 30, the Cross of a Commander of tne Order of the Hou'se of Hohenzollern. Count Hatzfeld, the Prussian Minister in Paris, is understood to have taken back with him on his return to that capital the Order of the Black 'Eagle, to be presented to Count Walewski; I mentioned this some weeks past as likely to take place, but it was thought more fitting that some little time should elapse after the Emperor Louis Napoleon had accepted the same order before conferring it on his Premier. I have already mentioned a few of the more prominent personages on whom the Emperor of Russia conferred orders during his stay here ; to those must be *added the Minister-President, Von Manteuffel, to whom he gave the Order of St. Andrew. He is also said to have sent the same order to the Emperor of the French. As Baron Brunow has within the last day or two presented to the Emperor Louis Napoleon foul;r Russian orders at once, it is probable that the Order of St. Andrew was among them. Telegraphic information has been received to-day of the above having been presented, and also of Count Albedinsky having been admitted to an audience of the Emperor, for the purpose of fulfillinlg a verbal mission from his own fnperial Master. This message is understood to have reference to a promise made by the Emperor of Russia-to visit Louis Napoleon inhis capital very shortly. The probable future representative of Russia at the Court of St. James is Councillor Nicolay. Baron Plessen, the Danish Minister in St. Petersburg, who was charged with the protection of British subjects in Russia during the war, is expected here very shortly, as he left that city on the 7th or 8th instant. The increased strictness that has been introduced of late by the Russian Embassy here into its practice with regard to passports is said to be only the precursor of a much more indulgent course, and to have been resorted to temporarily for the purpose of rectifying a good many instances of too great laxity, according to Russian viewvs. The Russian Minister of State Turkull, to whom the affairs of Poland have been so long intrusted, died in Wa;rsawv on the 11th instant. Every Russian steamer that arrives at Stettin brings numerous fresh importations of Russians, among whom numbers of illustrious names are to be distinguished. Yesterday, for instance, there airived here General Prince Gortschakoff, with his son, a Lieutenanlt in the Guards; General Rudiger, the young Princes Dolgorouki and Wjisewski. Prince Dolgorouki, the late Minister of War and the future Minister in Paris, is expected by the next packet. In certain cicles here and in Potsdam a good deal of remark has been occasioned by letters written by Prince Frederick William of Prussia during his present stay in England; the contents of these letters, it appears, do not give unqualified satisfaction in certain quarters, but I am given to understand that if known they would secure him widelyextended sympathy in England. ITALY. A correspondent, writing on the 4th June, says:" His Eminence Cardinal Antonelli and His Holiness, responding to the verbal remonstrances of Count de Rayneval, the French Ambassador, relative to the intention of his Government to withdraw the army of occupation from Rome, said that they were of opinion that the Pontifical Government was sufficiently strong to meet any eventuality that might arise. "'Comments upon this singular assertion of the Pontifical Court are needless, but I may say that no one here believes that the Papal Government is capable of any such thing. "At Ancona political arrests continue. "It is said that a diversity of opinion exists between the Pope and Cardinal Antonelli, His Holiness being in favour of a policy of conciliation, while the Cardinal advocates the maintenance of th:e present severe rule. It is even said that a political amnesty would have been granted had it not been for the opposition of Antonelli. " The Sardinian Government has caused confidential verbal explanations to be made to the Cabinets of the great Powers, in answer to the iniputations contained in the Austrian circular despatch addressed to the representatives of Austria in Italy. The gist or tenour of these explanations is to repudiate the imputation that Sardinia's policy and course in any way favour revolutionary tendencies in Italy; but it is true that the position of leader and protector of the national movement, the only movement that has any prospect open to it in Italy, has been assigned to Sardinia, and by accepting this leadership Sardinia has it in her power, and employs it for that purpose, to suppress all revolutionary elements in Italy. This course, moreover, has been imposed upon her by the bearing of Austria towards her; if she would not calmly resign herself to be overawed into submission by Austria she had no other alternative. On the other hand there is good evidence that, as regards the fomenting of revolutionary movements, it was Austria that was unremitting in exciting insubordination and disaffection in those portions of northern Italy not yet occupied by her troops, for the double purpose of justifying her present occupation, and paving the way for a future extension of it."
STATB OF EGYPT. ALEXANDRlIA, JuIsn 4. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pera arrived here yesterday with the London mail of the 26th of May, and leaves again to-day, on her retura voyage,with the Calcutta mail of the 4th of May. The passengers from Calcutta arrived at Suez on the 30th of May, and at Cairo on the 31st. They might easily have been sent down by railway on the following day, so as to allow the Austrian steamer, which was waiting for them, to leave on the 2d, by which means the Indian and Australian news might have reached London on the Sth; but, notwithstanding their wishes, the passengers were not brought dovn before the evening of the 2d, so that their transit through the country occupied three whole days. Said Fasha put to sea on the 31st of May in his steamyacht Faid Gihaad, taking with him a number of horses, artillerymen, fieldpieces, and troops, and after remaining out during the night returned into port on the following day. The Viceroy's health is in an unsatisfactory state, and his spirits arc very low. He is at present on very cool terms with his Sovereign the Sultan, and aU communication between them seems to be suspended. His position with regard to Constantinople, and a rnotion that he snay be shortly called upon to account for his vagaries, may be the cause of the Pasha's anxiety. Still, whatever may be Said Pasha's ideas With regard to his position as Viceroy of Egypt, and his independence of the Sultan, it is not at all believed here that his Highlness has had anything to do with the late disturbances in Syria and the agitated state of that country. The accnsation of his fomenting a revolution in Syria must have originated with some of his cnemies at Constanltinople, and his Highness wiUl, no doubt, soonfind thathe will have enough to do to ansNver the charges, both false and true, that wvil be made against him. It is well known that Said Pasha has no transactions with Syria, that he has no agents there, and that, moreover, the ibhabitants of that country do not entertain any idea whatever of placing themselves under the authority of the Viceroy of Egypt. It has been observed as a significant fact that while the Boy of Tunis has received from Constantinople great enconiums for the important part taken by his troops in the late war, and the Tunisian regiments have been highly honoured on their passage through the Bosphorus on their I return to their country, the Egyptian troops have not been noticed in any way, although the number of men sent from Egypt has been much greater than the contingent from Tunis, and they are efficient soldiers, wlho have rendered good service on several occasions. Said Pasha is making most extravagant preparations for a grand fcte that he is to give in a few days in conimemoration of his accession to the Pashalic about this time two years ago. Trade continues duol, and shipping is quite neglected, the only transactions being for proeduce delverable next September, after the rise of the Nile. Rxchange on London has again risen, and is now at 100' piastres per pound sterling. On the 29th of May Said Pasha sent his nephew, Mnstapha Bey, to pay an official visit to our Consul General, and to offer his Highness's congratulations on the occasion of Her Majesty's birthday.
- THE -UNITZD iS4TAES. (FRoM OUR O'w CORMPON-DNT.) NEW YOREX, JuSE 3. The steamer that carries this letter will take the British Mlinister home, and this country wil look with great anxiety for the course to be pursued in London. Mr. Marcy's closing letter to lSr. Dallas, of which I sent you a copy by the last steamer, is dated the 27th day of May. It expresses the gratification of the President at " the conciliatory spirit" of Lord Clarendones note, and accepts as satisfactory the disclaimer by Her Majesty's Government of " any intention either to infringe the law or to disregard the policy or not to respect the sovereign rights of the IUnited States." But, in regard to the course pursued by Mr. Crampton and by the Consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati Mr. MIarcy arrives at a different conclusion. The British Government having refused to accede to the President's request forthe removal, and theAmerican Government conceiving that they have been guilty of a violation of the laws, and have exceeded their instructions, he comes to the conclusion to dismiss MIr. Crampton and to withdraw the exzequatsrs of the Consuls. At the same time the President is represented as " sincerely desirous to keep" the diplomatic relations between this Government and Great Britain " upon a most friendly footing." Thus narrowing down the question to a personal issue with these gentlemen, Mr. Mfarcy proceeds to argue his case with decided ability. He claims for this Government the right to judge of the- evidence, and he draws from it a different conclusion from that drawn in London. Re also furnishes additional cumulative proof, and he "does not doubt that when this new evidence shall be brought under the consideration of Ber MIajesty's Government it wil no longer dissent from the conclusion" of the President. He discusses the character of the evidence, and claims that, though possibly the character of some of it is open to objection, Mr. Crampton is precluded from taking that objection by retaining and employing them fromMarchto August, and he thus sums up the case aganst him:- "}3is moral and his legal responsibility are thus demonstated. With full information of the stringency of the laws of the United States against foreignirecruiting,with distinct perception of its being all but impossible to raise recruits here without infringing the laws, and with knowledge of the condemnatory judicial proceedings of April and May at New York and Yhilhdeiphia; yet he persisted in carrying on the scheme until August, when its obstinate prosecution had at length brought on a most unpleasant controversy between the United States and Great JBritain. And it is not the least of the causes of complaint against Mr. Crampton, that by his acts of commission in this business, or in failing to advise his Government of the impracticability of the undertaking in which he was embarked, and the series of illegal acts which it involved, and in neglecting to observe the general orders of his Government, and to stop the recruiting here the moment its ilegality was pronounced by the proper legal authorities of the UJnited States, he was reclessly endangering the harmony and peace of two great nations, whicb, by the character of their commercial. relations, and by other considerations, have the strongest possible inducements to cultivate reciprocal amity." Lord Clarendon's allegation that the intentions and arrangements were frankly stated by Ir. Crampton to MIr. Mlarcy, in a conversation on the 22d of March, 1855, is denied; and Mr. Marcy adds:- " I repeat now, with entire consciousness of its accuracy, what I stated in my letter of the 28th of December last, that at that interview (on the 22d of Marclh, the only one I ever had with Mr. Crampton, as he admits, in which the recruitment business was alluded to), 'he (Mr. Crampton) had satisfied me that his Government had no connexion with it, and was in no way responsible for what was doing in the United States to raise recruits for the Bribsh army;' 'but I am quite certain that on no occasion has he intimated to me that the British Govermnent, or any of its officers, was, or had been, in any way concerned in sending agents into the UJnited States to recruit therein, or to use any inducements for that purpose; nor did he ever notify me that he was takiing, or intended to tak;e, any part in furthering such proceedings. Such a commuanication, timely made, w ould ~robably have arrested the mischief at its commencement." The Consuls are disposed of in a few lines, the bulk of the despatch being given to MIr. C(rampton. " The continuous violation of law," lie says, " proceeded within their respective consulates, month after month, under their eyes, not only without any apparesnt effort on their part to stop it, but with more or less of their active participation therein." The general opinion here is that, after the explanation and apology of Lord Clarendon had been received as satisfactory, it would have been better to let the Consuls alone. Mr. AMathew is implicated by Hertz's confession, who says that lie received $300 from the Consul, for w-hich, he says, he gave a receipt in these words :-" Received, Philadelphia, 14 March, 1855, of 3Ir. B. Mathew, three hlndred dollars, on account of the Ron. M1i. Ro-we." On -which the Philedelp7aia vening Journal makes this comment:- " lNow, this statement contains two errors,"1. Mr. Mathew's name is IGeorge.' "2. The original receipt, the contents of which are so positively sworn to by Hertz, does not mention Mr. Mathess name at all. And yet this, we believe, is all the evidence on which the Administration rests as proving facts to justify its course towards an otherwise unoffending person !" The Philadelphia press expresses itself strongly at the dismissal of this gentleman. As regards M1r. Crampton I think the feeling is difierent. This is felt to be a question of national honour ; and, as the Albion (the British journal of New York) properly says, the Spithead review was felt to be partially a demonstration against the United States, and made it less easy for a Government to recede without imputations of dishonour. Personally lr. Crampton will be much regretted. Simultaneously with the dismissal of the Minister on this side of the Atlantic the Mtinister upon the other side is furnished with matter that renders the continuance of diplomatic relations a necessity, unless Her iMlajesty's Government desires to quarrel. MIr. Dallas has received elaborate instructions upon the Central American question, wlhich open the wav for a settlement of that in the manner lirst pointed out in the columns of Thec Tiwes. Alluding to Lord Clarendon's offer to Mr. Buchananto arbitrate, which was not understood inWVashington to be an offer, Mr. Marcy says, " If it had been so understood the proposition Mwould have received at once the respectful consideration of the President." He then saysWVhat is to be submitted to arbitration ? Lord Clarendon says the interpretation of the ClaytonBulwer Treaty. But the American Government do not think so. If the American construction of that treaty is sustained it will determine the whole difliculties between the two comutries. But, on the other hand, if the British construction is sustained, it leaves every geographical question still to be deteriuined. The _AmericantGovernment do notadmit that Great Britain has or had when that treaty wvas ratified any rightful possession or occupation in Mlosquito, the Belize, or the Bay Islands. " Upon the question whether the Bay Islands are subject to occupatiosi and coloniization by Great Britain, notwithstanding her treaty -with the United States, the two Governiments are at issue." Therefore the President declines to submit the construction of the treaty to arbitration,-not that be fears the result, but because that result might settle nothing. But the President is willing to submit the geographical question; and he prefers that the question "should be referred to some one or more of those eminent men of science who do honour to the intellect of Eturope and Amierica." M1r. Dallas is accordingly instlucted to enter into communication with the British Government at once, in order to ascertain wlhether the difficulties coicerninig Central America cannot be determined by negotiation; and, if not, in orderto agree upon the ternms of an arbitration. These instructions look as if they were designed to prevent aniy mischievous consequences flowing from the dismimsal of Mlr. Crampton and the Consuls. The Democratic Convention is now in session at Cinicinnati, and before the steamer leaves Boston may possibly make a nomination for the support of that party in the coming election. It is therefore needless to speculate upon the probable result. The result of the Presidential election itself is by no means so certain as it appeared to be two monthls since. The gross attack upon MIr. Sumner in the Senate, and the defence of it in the Southern newspapers, have aroused a feeling throughout the Northern States that threatens to make the election of a Republican President possible. The deplorable state of things in Kansas also has fired Northern public sentiment, and I have never known sectional feeling rage so violently and vindictively as now. With, a border civil war actually existing in. Kansas, with violence on the floor of the Senate exultinglyjustified by one part of the Union, and indignantly denounced in immense popular meetings in the other, with men armed on the floors of Congress to protect themselves agaimst violence for -the free expression of their opinions, I should fancy the institutions of this country about to explode, if wee had not repeatedly gone through similar excitements 'without harm. As long as Government funds hold so much higher rank than any private secur.ities, and the holders of those funds cling to them, I shall believe in stability, in spite of croakers.
THB AIMERICAN QUESTION. The following address to the people of the 'United States has been preparied by the Liverpool Fhnancial Association:- "TO THE COM3MEiCIA A-)D \D-USTRIAL CLASSES Op TEE UIMTED STATES OF A31ERICA. "Friends and Brethren,-In the present critical posifhon of our international relations, we, the Council of the Liverpool Financial Reform Association, deem it our duty to address to you a few words of friendly remonstrance, in the hope that our doing so may be the initiation of such an espression of the national determination on both sides of the Atlant nas will serve to convince those to whom we have respectively deputed the management of our affairs that, whatever they may wish or propose, they cannot, and they shall not, transform the people of two nations so dosely united as yours and ours into deadly and unrelenting enemies. Ve take up this question on higher grounds than are afforded by financial or mercantile considerations only, though their importance can hardly be overrated; and we believe that the sentiments we are about to express are those entertained by our fellow-countrymen of the commercial and industrial classes, alnost without exception. May they be re-echoed in the same spirit! "There is a umour of war between us! For a long time past your diplomatists and ours have been corresponding, with more or less of acrimony and superciliousness on either side. We confess frankly that hitherto we have paid no attention, or very little, to their disputes. Do not athibute this apparent. neglect to indifference. It has arisen partly from a sort of foregone conclusion that, whatever they might say or do, a quarrel betweenyou andus, to be brought to the mortal arbitrament of arms, wvas in the nature of things all but impossible, and partly from the fact that our system of diplomacy, aristocratic both in its instruments and objects, is secret in its operations. The theory of our rulers is that the making of treaties, whether these relatetopeaceortowar,isabranch ofthelloyalprerogative,with which we (the people) have no concern beyond finding the meansfortheirobservance,-not even arighttoknow whatis doing untilall is done, andwe are irrevocably bound by their stipulations. We aim at the reversal or modification of this very slavish theory, and hope to accomplish it by and by. In the meanwhile permit us to observe that you also have been quiescent, without the same excuse for your supineness; for your diplomacy is open; your Executive can do nothing definitive without the sanction of the legislative branch of your constitution, of which you have the appointment far more effectively than we of ours. Whence isit, then, if you do reaUy disapprove of the acts of your MUini3ters, as we are led to beleve you do, that there has been no public manifestation of your disapproval? " The causes of our inactivity up to the present period have been indicated; for yours we can only account on the supposition that you, with us, have believed it all but impossible that diplomatic warfare should terminate in actual hostilhties. As to the merits of the questions at issue we shall, of course, differ; but you must agree with us that, whatever be the pretexts, a war between Great Britain and America would cast into the shade of insignificance all the scenes of carnage that have disgraced and cursed the world since the son of the first man slew his brother AbeL Standing apparently on the verge of such a deadlycheckto human progress andivilization, it surely becomes thepeople of both countries, as rational beings, to ask themselves seriously for what it is they are about to fight, and wthether there is any necessity for fighting at alL. Aggressive war maybe the aulte subratio of kings, but forthe rest of mankind it is, generally speaking, the perfection of human foily. "Connected with you by affinities of race, language, institutions, and religion, as well as by common interests, we have no feelings towards you but those of friendship, no wishes but for your prosperity, no desire but that the immense capabilities of your country may be developed to the fullest possible extent. In all this we claimn no credit for disinterestedness, since with your welfare our own is closely involved; you cannot prosperwithout our deriving most substantial advantages trom your progress; nor can you suffer a check to your well-being which will not react most strongly upon our ownu. All that is true of material British nterests as regards America is equaly true of American interests as regards Great Britain. Are we wrong in assuming I that the feelings of the commercial and industrial classes of this country towards America are those which aniimate Atmericans of the same classes tow. ards Great Britain ? " If there be indeed this bond of friendship and mutual interest between us, for what is it that our respective rulers, no matter whichl are right or wrong, would have us quarrel? Is it to vindicate any great principle, to enforce any right, or to avenge any wrong ? Nothing of the kind. The mother of mischief, says the proverb, is no bigger than a midge's wing; and, verily, the origin of the misunderstanding which threatens such tremuendous consequences would seem to be of no larger dimensions. It rests on two grounds-the enlistment question, and the actual meaning of a treaty concluded between our respective Governments. Of these it is difficult to say which, comparing both with the mighty results that may proceed from them, is most insignificant. "As to the first, the people of this country disapproved from the first of the Governmental project for raising reinforcements for the Crimean war either in America or in Europe, and it was only forced on Parliament by the threat of hlinisterial resignation. It was and is the universal conviction that, with the same inducements that were offered to foreigners, at miuch less expense, and without danger of embroilmeut with friendly nations, any number of British recruits that might be required would have been forthcoming. We must say, howvever, that for what our Government proposed to do in Amernca they seemn to have had the implied, if not the express, sanction of yours. WVhat eise is to he inferred from your iSlinister's observation that the American Government would enforce the strictest observance of thc neutrality laws in its own ternitory, but that there was nothing to prevent any American citizen or resident from leaving the States and enlisting elsewhere in any foreign service, if it pleased hun so to do? On this hint arrangements, supposed to be perfectly compatible with your laws, seem to have been made; but these were abandoned before a single man had been enlsted, on grounds which common sense ought to have suggested to our 2dinisters, in the first instance, as conclusive against the making of any such experiment. They have since, however, formally and solemnly disclaimed all intention to infringe your laws; they have expressed their regret if any such infiingement has occurred; they have tendered what is here considered an apology for aU that may have been done amiss, either by themselves or their agents; but they have refused to submit to the degradation of branding with recall and disgrace the principal of these agents, because they say they believe him to be guiltless of any offence. Your Government has dismissed, or are about to dismiss Mr. Crampton; should ours lack the 3nagnanimity of refraining from reprisals and dismiss Mr. Dallas, you will no longer have a Minister at London nor we at Washington. Bat the temporary cessation of diplomatic relations between our respective Governments need not brimg with it any interruption of friendly intercourse between youand us. We can manage our affairs quite as well without as with them; and, in any event, this is no ques'ion for us to go to war about. " Our second supposed ground of quarrel seems to us equally irrational with the airst. There is a difference as to the intorprefation of a treaty. Our negotiator says that he meat one thing,-yours that he nmeant another; our two Governments are at issue as to the meaning of both and the true construction of their united handiwvork, which, nevertheless, is there in black and white, and to speak for itself. Our Government has offered to submitthe whole question to any arbitrator whom yours shall select, and to abide by his decision, whatever that may be. As between man and man nothing can be fairer than such a proposition; u hy not, then, as between nation and nation' Your Mdinisters refuse to act upon it. They say that their own construction is the only true one,-tthat there cannot be two opinions on the matter, and consequently that tlhere is nothing whereon to arbitrate. But, being so confident, why reject a reference? If they be right the task of the arbitrator will be all the lighter, the delay in an amicable settlenient all the less; but when there are notoriously two opinions on the subject whicih is said to admiit only of one, the parth standing so obstinately on its own as to refuse to sabmait them to an umpire of its ow'n selection -would seem to be manifestly and consciously in the wrong. Such, at least, would be the conclusion in any dispute between individuals, and the same reasoning holds as to a dispute between nations. " Again, we ask you, in all solemnity, is there anything in this second ground of difference, or in both of them put together, which should set us to destroying each other's cities, cutting, each other's throats, and doing all that in us lies for the utter destrLction of each other's name and nation? Peason, justice, common sense, humanity, religion, a]lanswer,loudlyandemphatically, 'NTo.' "We were told by our Prince Consort during the late vwar that that war had put representative institutiomis on iheir trial, and that it might be found necessary to diminish our present freedom both of speech and publication. This was the captious objection of an individual whose residence among us see.ns not yet to have eradicated the despotic leanings contracted by his continental birth and breeding; but if -war betw.-een the only tvwo great countries in the -world whidsh have representative institutions founded on the sovereignty of the people is to result from such causes as those which -e have examined, most truly may it be s3id, not that suiChI institutions are upon their trial, but that they have been tried and are condemned. Hoow utterly worthless muist they be if the squabbles of deputed Minis- ters, having merely personal ends of their owvn to serve, cau suffice to set two friendly nations in deadly opposition to each other! How gladly will the upholders of the despotic principle look on and laugh while the two great champions of human freedonm and hmnan progress are engaged in an internecine, a fratrici.dal, and a suicidal struggle, which, in 'whatcver way it terminates, must be mutually exhaustive, and is sure to end at Last in some paltry compromise, after the squandering of millions of treasure and the shledding of cceans of blood ! * ITo protest against so dire a calamity to you, to ourselves, and to the whole human race, is the object of this address. We may say, also, to prevent its occurrence; for wefeelassuredthatifyou, the commercial and industrial classes of America, are actuated towvards us by the same feel- ! ings as those which animate the people of this country with regard to you, we shall not enter upon this course ofmnutnal destruction. Our rulers and yours may blusterasai:tbey i please, but with the veto of their constituents on any proceedings to extremities war between us is impossible. " By order of the Council, ROBERE SON GLADSTO-NE, President. "I.ivespool, June 9."
i LOCAL CHABGES UPON SHIPPING. TTAIII.qv. nm r?nlmnwa The Committee met again yesterday, in Room No. 18; 3r. Lowe in the chair. Mr. Shuttleworth, in continuation of his evidence, produced various leases by the Crown to the Molyneux family, and sub-leases from the latter to the Mayor and Corporation of LiverpooL By a lease of 1554, at the surrender of the former leise, the tolls- and customs of the lordship of Liverpool were granted to Lord Molyneux for a term of41 years at arentof 141.6s. &d., and in 1557 a sub-lease was granted to the Mayor and Corporation of LiverpooL Mr. Stanstead, solicitor to the Earl of Sefton, produced the lease referred to by Mr. Shuttleworth, and observed that in the evidence of Mr. Part, of Wigan, a mistake occurred in the statement that the Duchy of Lancaster had no property on the Cheshireshoreof the Mersey. TheDuchy had jurisdiction over the site of the township of Halford, and witness believed at some other places. Mr. Stanstead then produced a lease, dated 1G72, fromLord.Molyneux and his son, grantingto the mayor and burgesses of Liverpool a lease for 1,000 years, of the town and borough; and from that date it appeared that the corporation were in equity the owners of the township. Mr. Shuttleworth, after the production of some other leaseS said, he would now refer to the question of the liverpool Dock Estate. The first dock act was passed in the 8th of Anne, andby it the mayor, alderman, and bailif wereempowered to construct docks and levy tonnage rates upon ships. By this act the limits witbin which its powers were confined were from a place called the " Red Stone," all over the river Mersey and Warnington and Frodshambridges; and the sum authorized to be raised for the construction of the docks was 6,000. The next act was the 3d of George L, for raising additional capital and other purposes. By the 51st George I. the dock trustees were first mcorporated. The rates taken under tho dock acts were applied exclusively to the payment of interest on the money borrowed on working expenses, and the funds were entirely distinct from any receipts of the corporation. By the act it was obligatory on the trustees, in the event of the rates being more than sufficient to defray the working expenses and interest of money borrowed, to reduce the rates on. shipping, and this had been done to a large extent. Mr.. Shuttleworth, after explaining the constitution of the. management of the dock estate, said that under the present, system of management the trade - and commerce of the portof Liverpool had increased to an enormous extent. [the fact was shown by the returns of ihipsandtornageatIiiverpool since 1752. In 1753 the number of vessels was 1,371; the tonnagae in that yearnsm not given. In Years. Vessels. Tonnage. 1Soo .. .. 4.76 ..- .450,850 1810 .. .. 6,729 - - - 734,392 1820 . .. 7,272 .. .. 805.03 1830 .. .. 12,214 .. ., .. 1,411,964 1840 .. . 15,998- - - -2,445.70$ 180 .. .. 20,457.. ..3,536,337 1855 .. .. 20.024. .096,106 ae (Mr. Shuttleworth) would now refer to various'. matters which had been made the subject of complant - against the corporation before the committee. It had been said that the dock committee paid a large sum towards the expense of police. They did so; but it was for special services rendered by the police in protecting the property of the trustees on the several docks, in the same way as the police were paid for similar services by the railway compa- nies. Thu payments for watching and lighting certain, streets was also for the protection of their own property. As to the purchases of land on Wallasey Pool, Mr. Shuttleworth read various doumnents to show that it was not, as asserted, to prevent the formation of docks there that the corporation made the purchase in question; and with regard to the purchase of the Birkenhead Doc'ks, this was a neces- - saty expenditure to provide for the commerce of theMersey. The first Improvement Act was granted in 1786, and under the powers then conferred upon the corporation of Liver- pool various streets were widened and improved; other actsfor the same purpose were passed in thei1st George IV. and 7th George IV. All the streets thus improved were connected with the docks and the offices of merchants and others carrying on business there. Altogether 846,7961. had!_ been expended in these improvements, which were rendered necessary by the increased trade of liverpooL Mr. Shutttleworth then explained in detail several items of expenditure made by the corporation for the bene-. fit of the port. Among these ho mentioned the landingstage, which cost 35,1571. construction, and 9501. annual maintenance. Another and improved stage was now being constructed from design bDy Sir W. Cubitt at a cost of 130 00., and which would require 2001. annually to maintain it. The stage was to be free to the public, and accessible at all times of the tide, both day and night. The corporation had also machinery for testing cables, upon which upwards of 5,0OOl. bad been exipended. They had also-erected a lighthouse on the Rock, and expended 30,359l. towards the cost of the Wallasey embankinent. It had been suggested that the bar at the Victoria Channel, which was once the principal entrance to the wprt, should be dredged, and the cor,ooration had volunteered to contribute half the expense; this amounted to 2,2801. The present waterhailiff, who was a master in the navy, w as praid by the corporation. Prior to 1835 the assi7es were held at Lancaster for the whole county, but, in consequence of the great inconvenience experienced, the present St. George'shall was erected, and it was now nsed both for local and public purposes. While the corporation were constructing the earlier docks they were no! nnmindful of securing a communication between the port and the manufacturing districts, and considerable sums were expended in the m- provement of the canals and Weaver navgation. With regard to the town dnes, he would mention that nothing was received from freemen. If he vished to pass an entry of goods he must fill up a certificate that the goods were his own, or that he had a personal interest or some share. If he acted as agent for receiving or forwarding goods for a non-freeman the town dues were payable, and there were among the records of the corporation instances in which freemen had been disfranchised for what was termed fraudulently "colonring" goods. The right to he a freeman of Liverpool could only ,be acquired by birth or servitude. In old times -freedom was purchased, but this, as well as freedom by gift, was now restrained by the 3d section of the Municipal Corporation Act. No one born since 1835 could claim Uis freed'om by birth. The number of freemen in 1842-3 was 4,049; in 1855-0, 2,24and in 1856 2,168; but of these numbers a small proportion only were merchants, and 282 was the larges number who had claimed the exemption. He might mention thatthe amount received for town dues in 1854 was 125,5741., and in 1855 109,6331. It being 4 o'cloc2k, the Committec adjourned until Thurs' day next, at 12 o'clock.
COLT.TSION NEAi CoNsm_mTnOPLE.--T1lc following account of the collision behveen the Argo steam transport and a French line-of-battle ship is extracted from an officer's letter on board the Argo:-" I We were going at full speed vhen the collision took place. We seemed to run up the side of the ship, and as we plunged down after getting clear of lier, I befieve every one for a moment thought we were going down, Hlowever, although frightfully injured we were able to keep afloat. It was entirely the French ship's fault, as they put their helm the wrong way, which brought her across our bows. The officer of the watch had seen her a mile off, the day -was just breaking, and there was a little moon also, and perfectly calm, so it was nothing but the grossest carelessness could have occasioned it, or, what is still more probable, they did not choose to alter their course, as she was such a large ship, thinking we would take good care to get out of their way. It will cost them some 7,0001. or 8,0001. to pay this ship's repairs and expenses for being detained. She sent an officer on board us to offer to tow us, -which -we declined, burt made her stay in company until we reached Constantinople again. vhich we did the same evening. There was not the !lightest confusion on board the Argo, and the boats were cleared ready for lowering in a few seconds. We bad all hands pumping at four pumps, besides the engine-pumps. It was very hard work-our men wvere at it from about 4 in the mooiming until 6 or 7 next morning, 'Olbt they work-ed wvithout a muniur." The troops on board the Argo lad been transhipped to the Medway for passage to England. CAPTURE OF SwrDLERs.-On Friday last James Allen, sen., James Allen, jun., and Charles Boyce, were brought before the Leicester bench of magistrates on a charge of wholesale swindling. It appeared that these men established themselves in Leicester some time ago, and succeeded in imposing successfully upon several respectable tradesmen to the amount of several hundreds of pounds. The elder Allen took a house in the New Walk, dressed most respectably, and described himself as a retired comm-ercial traveller. He also took a shop in Southgate- street, a.d opened it with a large stock of grocery goods, which he ottained from different tradesmen. Being a man of considerable address he managed to carry on his operations for some time vwithout detection. So extensive -were his purchases, that in one street (Market-street) he patroni-ed nearly every tradesman-at some purchasing church services and bibles, at others bonnets for his daughters, and at others large quantities of flour. The elder Allen having borrowed a horse and gig, the -whole of the prisoners suddenly disappeared. Inspector Smith stated to the magistrates that he vent in search of the prisoners, and found them at Eddington, a small village near Oxford. They had established themselves there in one of the largest honses in the village, and Allen represented himself as a retired comnercial traveler from London. One of the prisoners had a shirt in his pocket, and four coats on, evidently having prepared himselfto make an escapc. This was the -ounger Allen, and upon the inspector searching him, his wig came off. T he inspector said he recognised him as the person described in the Police G=11c as going about the country for the last-two yearspassing forged B.ank of Englandnotes. In oneplacelhewas statedas havin" sandy 'whiskers, anid in anotherhe wvas said to be bardheadedand wearing blue spectacles; andinanotherplace itvwas stated that while taking off his hat his wig came of; and he was found to be bald. In one place the elder prisoner had given his-name as David Holmes, a retired commercial traveller. The inspector stated that he liad brought with him a ton of grocery goods and other baggage, so that the tradesmen of Leicester might claim some of their property. The elder prisoner had passed under the various nanes of Allen, Boyce, Packer, Kilson, Simpson, Gardner, Cuiningnam, Holmes, Goodman, and Whiteman. Several tradesmen ovwned the goods, and the prisoners were remanded for a week. [Advertisement.]-Messrs. IHrurst and Black-ett, successors to aimr. Colmur, 213. Grat. Marlbm*uruh-street, bavejst, published the following neCw worCS:-1. ' MeMoirs of time Vourt of the Regecay,. from Original 1FamilY Documents," by the DLuke of Buckingham ;2 vols. oEv. with pOitraits. `2."Lake Ngami; or, EaplorationsLund Discoveries during Four Years' Wandaen3gs in South-Western vfrica," by Charles John Anderson ; royal Sen, with upwards of 50 ingEst tratioLS and map. 305. bounid. 3. " Eastern Hospitals and English XNurses.;tbe XarrativeofTwelve Movnths' Experience jD timeHospitals of Roulali and Scutari,"'by a Tady Volunteer; 2 Tols, witb illustrationsFPls- 4. "Revelations of Prison Life," by George LavaI Cbesterten, 'Syears Governor ofthe HAonse of Correction at Coldbath-fields; 2S vo. 5. 'A Sutmmer in Northern Europe: including Sketches in Sweden, Iforway, Finland, the Aland Ilels, Gothland, ac.' by SeIina Bunbu-y; 2 vol.21rs. 6. -The Holy Places: a Narrative of Two Years' Rsidence iu Jerusilem and Palestine," by Hanmer L. Dipuis; with notes on the dispersed cansauite trlbes by Joseph Duprus, late Britbsh Vice-Coons in Tripoli and Tunis;- 2 vols., with 2luatrations, 21s. The poldar nev,-novels :-L *Eveln Marston," by the author oif "Ernilia Wynuhama" 2. "Thme Sorrow.s of Gentiltv.. by Mis .Tewsbmuy. 3. "Veiled Heart&" hy the anthor of "The Wrifes Triale." 4. "@John Halifax. gentlemn-.a" hytheauthor of "Thme lleaL] of the Famdv2' S. " ifodemn Society in htome," byiJ. Rt. Bestte, Eeq. 6. "Diana Wynyarul'by the author of 'Alice WVemtweib."h, r,,. reads.
PALIXAMEiVTARY INTELLGJFNCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY,. JUT.;E 16. The LORD CnANcEL.LOR took his sea'* upon the woolsick Ss 5 o'clock. EbETITIONS. Petitions were presented by Jord LnFFoRD, from the ciergy of the Deanery of ColeseiU, VWarwickshire, praying for inquiry into the present i't.equalities in the zasssessunent of poor nud county rates; 'oy the Earl of SiixFrmSusry, from Wekwar, against the. Iaynooth gr.ant; and from Plymouth and Strae.9ne, ag,inst the openinlg of the Crystal Palace on SunFdas; by Lord SOSDES (9), from various paces in favour of tfie Yarmouth and Huddiscoe }Railway Bill;and by Lrd. ~sIONTrF.AGLE, from the Birmingham Cha.mber ef C~emusoce, against the Joint-Stock Companies Bill. SARDINIAN LOAN. Thc BORD CHNCELLOR brought up t!e following anesag e from Hter MIajesty:- "'>(crORsA R.-ller Majesty thinks it right to acquaint 'the H oluse of Lords that she has concluded aW eonvention <e}:h His Mlajesty the Sing of Sardinia, by which she has undertaken to recommend to her Parliament to3 enable her *to advance by vway of loan to Htis Majesty the King of Sardinia a sum of 1,0CO,0001. sterling, contemlplated by a conv-ention made betwreen Hler Majesty and Hst Majesty the Kiing of Sardinia, on the 26th of January, 1800, in like manner,mistalments and proportions, and subject in all respects to the same conditions as if the late wvar had not been brought to a close at the expiration of 12 months from the payment of the first instalmlent of the sum of 1,000,0001. sterling, under the last muentioned convention. The Governnment of H4is Mlajesty the King of Sardinia engages to accept the advance of this additional sum, on the same conditions in all respects, especially as to the calculation and pay-ment of the interest, as if such advance had been madeundaer the lst-mentioned convention. H3er Majesty has directed a; copy of this convention to be laid before thelHouse of Lords, and she relies on the public spirit of the House of Lords for enablinlg her to mnake good the engagement whEich she has thus contracted." The Earl of CL.AREN^DON moved that the message be taken into consideration on Thursday. OUR RELATTIONS WYITH THE PMETTED STATES OF AMIERICA. The EarI of DERBY.-In expectation, wihich was not an unreasonable one, considering the question put by me to the noble e.arl opposite at the l.ast meeting of this House, and the reply given to me, that Her Majesty 'a Government would take into consideration the course which they might think it advisable to pursue with respect to our relations w.ith the United States of America, I have waited until the last moment in the expectation that the noble earl wvould not have w aited to be again questioned on the subject, but that he w ould volunteer information upon 3 matter concernsna which be must know the House and the country to be very anxcious. It is impossible to overate the insportant position in w-hich w-e at present stand, or the serious responsibility thsat rests upon Hler Ma:jesty's Government wvith regard to the advice they may give to the Crow-n as to the course to be pursued. Under these circumstances, I should have thought that rhe noble earl w-ould not have requiredmse to putto himthis question-namely,wlhether the Government have, since the House last met, comne to any conclusion as to the course they would advise Her Majesty to pursue, and whBether they are prepared to state to the H ouse wihat that course is i The Earl of CL.RENDONL.-s I stbted on the last day of the Hou-e sitting, it is the intention of Her Majesty's Governmnct to lay before your lordships at the earliest period the papers which have been commc u icated to ns. Those papers have since been laid before the Senate, andare nuon- in the possession of the people ot this country. They are at present in the printer's hands, and they will be laid before yonr lordships as soon as the answers to the last despa tches have been returned. Youer lordships must 2i, oare that the preparation of these anusyers ill require some time and mature ntliinpopotions and it is because they are not yet prepared that I did not take the inliatarie which the noble earl thinks I ought to have taken. But t iis the duty of Her Mfajesty's Government to satisfy the natur.,l desire and an.iety on the part ofsthe people of this country with respect to our relations vwith America, and I therefore do not hesitate to infomn your lordships, and throngh your lordships, the country, that it is not the intention of Ier Mnajesty's Government to suspend diplomatic relations with the conited States. (Loud cheers.) The Earl of DERBY.- th the absence of the papers it vould he exctremely premature to enter into any discession upon the subject; but I personally rejoice at the announcemlent which has been made by the noble earl. I rejoice forhthis reason, because, althou,h I deeply regret the course prsued by the u nited State's Government, yet I believe that it is impossible for us to vindicate the steps takfien, and the conduct pursued by our Minister, and those uinler whose authority he acted; and, believing that the t itednStates' Government haves a just caseofcomplaint ahinst s, I rejoice that HEer Majesty' t C.overmeatby acqbie es^in,in the withdrawal of Mr. Crampton and the consuys have sanctioned the opinion that America had a just cause of complaint against this countryin this matter. At the present moment I ill not enter into a discussion of the merits of the casuse. I rejoice, however, that we have acthowledged our error, although undoubtedly we have done wo by submitting to that w,-hich t must say is humiliating on the part of this country to submit to-namely, the removlal by the authority of the United States of the Minister of this coluntry. (HIear, hear.) The Earlof CLtEepeDON .-The noble earl has stated that it would be premature to enter into any discussion. He certainly has not entered into any discuion upon the merits of the suibject, but he has pronounced a most positive judgment on the course pursued by Ier Majesty's Governmenlt. (HTear, heanr.) I can only appeal to your lordships, and, through youa lordships, to the country, not to join the noble earl in prejudging the question. (Cheers.) The Earl of t)ERIY.-In ans-er to the noble earl, I beg to state that I have formed my judgment from the papers that have been published and laid on the table of this heose. (thear, hear.) JOINiT STOCK COMPANIES. Iord OtERSTONE presented petitions from the Chathers of Commerce at Danchester and at Glasowt against thGc.Joiik-Stock CompaniesfBi. His lordship observed that in presenting these petitions it was unnecessary to remind their lordehipspof the sreat irportance of thet commercialabodies from nhom they proceeded. It wvas their pecu iar function to weatch op er the interests of the great commercial eonbulaties of tse emlpire; d and, considering the high position they maintained in those important districts in which they resided, it could not be doubted that theywerein every ay competent to form a sound judgment upon everythin" in whiclt any chauge affecting the interests of trade and cofmHerce ways contemplated. The petitioners stated their opinion to be that the measure which -would come under their lordAhips' consideration that evening woas a most uniwise and dangerous measure, and could, if adopted, he snbversive of the best intercsts of the comntry. Connected with the petition froth Uan ch ester a circumstance had occusred to which he Eould call the attention of their lordehips. When the Government issued a cormission to inquire into the state of emercantile lawv, thinking it their duty to put on that com,miosion some persons of practical experience, and who understood the w ants and iterests of the coblercial coIrejnity of this country, they at once selected the President cf the (hamber of Commerce of Mtanchester. That gentleman had and jie in this petition, and the members of that chamber approved and confirmed the views twhich their president entertained and of the course he bad pursued. t awas said that this bill only carried out thme principles of free trade to their Iegitimate conclusion. 'ow, no person hmad given a more steady and devoted support to the freetrade policy than the had, but he certainly should never have thought of advocatins that policy if he had understood that t iivolved such, consequences as would, de believed, result from the meaures noe broucht forwvard by the Government. It surprised hiu that the principles of free trade should be supposed to have any beawhig upon this bils, and he trusted thei w-ould be no reference to these principles in the course of that evening's diseussion - but if there ere, he hopedlier fhajesty's Covernment w.-ould have the goodness to explain hol it was that they reconciled it with frcedom or with econormsy to inetroduce a measure wvhich gave the privilege of unlimited liability to bodies of persona seven or more in imunber, while they othheld it from smaller associatiens of individuals, thereby holding out a great inducement to the transfer of concerns now carried on as private concerns to joint-s(ock companies. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps thae overnment of oum l also have the goodness further to explain towi was,h o v the pincerpses of7 this gneat co- wereia ofnsuc howt It w.s, if 'die principles of -this ee r of such value and were worthy of universal application, that they exclnded froin the operation of the bill all companies engaged in b3nking or insurance. (Hear, hear.) Besides the petitions to which lie had alluded, he was intrusted with one on the same siibcct from the Trade Protection Society of Bristol. All these petitioners complained of the partiality and unfairness of the measure; they pointed out the injustice of conferring upon bodies of more than seven individuals privileges wvhichl were witlhheld fromn trading bodies less in number; and they stated that private parties engaged in trade on their o-wn responsibility would be exposed to an unfair coiiipetition with companies formed under the proposed enactment, because the former would be liable to their creditors to the full extent of their property, while the liabity of thes,e cosuipanies would be limited. He would now intrust these petitions to their lord.ships' most anxious consideration. They were not mere ordinary matter o-course petitions; hut they exDressed adeep sense of the dangers to which such legislation *vould expose those great commercial mnd trading interests whicll had hitberto been so prosperous and had enjoyed so large a sliare of credit. Speaking as men of great practical knowledge and expeiience, the petit_oners solemnly declared to their lordships their conviction of the iniurious consequences which would result from this legi2lation, and their belief that Parliament was abont to try 5.forzmidable and dangerous experiment, and to impnril that gr at commercial svstem whlich had hitherto secured ta this conr. try an unexanpled degree of credit among all the umations of the world, and which, if there was eithier any prudence or az ny gratitude in man, it was the du ty of Parlia;,lent to cheri6;. and preserve. Lord wYNFO RD thought that the Government had no yeasonto fearthe 01, nosition of the noble lord, because his general practice app t,Id to be, in cases of a similar kind, to ta ti make a speech against the psizn- ciple of the meomre proposed, but then to offer no fnrther posihon to As progress. The noble lord had acted in that mananer writh Yegard to the Limited Liability Act of lasb session, aud also w ith regard to the Mercantile Law Amendment Bil, passed & few evenings ago, on which occasion the noble lord, after speaking against the bill, left the house. He did. not know w.hetherthe noble lord intended to act in a s-ailar manner on the present occasion, but he believed that it he continued his opposition to thebill he would. receiveasu pport, sinceit was diametrically opposed to the rrt of the commission of 1853. lord OVERSTONE wished to explain that on the occasion of the passing of the Limited Liability Bill he was in Germany, and, with regard to the Mercantile law Amendment Bill, he had acted with the full concurrence of those for whose interest ho was contending. Iord STANILEY of AILDERLEY then rose to move the second reading of the Joint-Stock Co-panies Bill, The principle upon which the bill was founded had been under the consideration of Parliamentfor a considerable period, and although 'Manchester, Glasgow, Liverpool, and other large commercial towns possessed active, energetic, and intelligent representatives, they had not expressed any aspprehension by the msouths of those representatives, and toe inference, therefore, was that the apprehensions expressed by the noble lord were shared in by n'small and exclusive class. It had been stsated on a former occasion th<at the bill of last session had been hurried through the House with indecent haste, but he would remind their lordIhips that, when he asked their consent last session to the Limited Liability Bill, he had stated that it was only atemporary measure, and he had then pledged himself that a bilL should be introduced to amend the Joint-stock Companies Act. In pursuauce of that pledge tvo measures had been introduced into the other House of Parliament- the Joint-stock Companies Act and the Partnership Amendment Bill. In asking their lordships on the present occasion to assent to the formerof those two bills, he would shortly refer to the circumistances connected with the Joint-stock Companies Act. Not many years back joint-stock companies were looked upon as being out of the pale of the law, and were viewed with the utmost apprehension by commercial men. It appeared, however, so necessary in certain cases that such companies should be legalized that an act of Parliament was passed in 1844 legalizing such societies,'but under certain provisions which, it was imagined, would prevent fraud. That act provided for a provisional registration and, after'certain conditions had been complied witb, for a complete registration, and it required the establishment of a registry. Those provisions had been found totally useless, because scrip in provisionally registered companies was as negotiable in practice as scrip [ini completely registered companies. He begged to remind the House that this was no new matter, hut that the question of limited liability had been under discussion for ninny years. It had engaged the consideration of several committees of the House of Commons, and in 1853 a commission had been issued to inquire into the whole subject. That cosmmission was composed of men of great eminence, including lawyers and commercial nien; and now their lordships were told by the noble lord opposite, that the bill wvas founded uponI principles diametrically opposed to those recommended by the conlmission. He (Lord :Stanley) could not allow that that was an accurate representation of the fact. That the report was not a satisfactory one he adintted. In fact, the coiunnission, as a conimission, made no report at all; but each member reported his own individual opinion, and a great quantity of valuable evidence was cositaied ini the appesidix. He ventured to say, however, after a caref'ul perusal of the proceedings of the commission, that those most competeut to judge were in favour of the introduction of seine such bill as that nlOW jproposed ; while the evidence, based upon the prac'ice of foreigni countries, clearly showed that a certain amount of modification in the matter of limited liability was required. In 1854, after the comimission had reported, the subject was brought before the House of Commons, and a resolution was unanimously carried to the effect that the lawv of partiiership ought to be altered, and that limited liability ought to be adopted. In conisequence of that resolution the bill of last session was introduced, and it became lawv. He would not repeat what he had said last year as to the importance of settling this qruestion ; but he might remind their lordships that for more than two years the Board of Trade, wvhich was being constlantly asked to grant charters of incorporation to great commercial undertakings, had suspended its functions, and had felt that the time had come for Parliament to interfere and to pass some general act. The bill passed the House of Commons without a single division upon its principle; and the alterations which were made in committee were calculated to extend rather than to narrow its provisions. That was the state of things Twhen he brought up the measure of last year and asked the concurrence of the House to it; but at the samiie time he stated that it must be regarded more in the light of a provisional than of a permanent measure. He admitted that the bill now before the House did not contain many of the restrictions and safeguards, as they were called, which were to be found in the act of last year. [" Hear, hear," from Lord Overstone.] The noble lord cheered that statement; but what, he asked, was the value of those restrictions? He (Lord Stanley) contended that they operated as a mere delusion, and that they were of no real value whatever. In proof of this assertion, he would quote from an auithority which he was sure would be received with respect by the noble lord. MIr. 'M'Culloch, in his panmphlet entitled Considerations on Partncrships srith Lin ited Liability," referring to the act of last year. said:- IAnd notwithstanding the laudable care that has been taken, in the compilation of the late statute. to guard against the machinations of such parties, we are well assured that the security which it endeavours to establish against fraud will be found to be of no real value. A, B. and C may allege that they have each paid 1,0001. orlO,0001. to the stock of a limited liability association; but, as was formerly stated, you can have no security that such sums have been or will be paid; or, supposing them to have been paid, that they have not subsequently been withdrawn, or wasted, or lost in unprofitable speculations ...... . All official returns, oaths, declarations, and so forth. They bind those only who do not require to be bouiid; but whenever they become necessary they are good for siothing. Honest managers would act honestly though they did not exist; and dishonest managers easily evade them and set them at defiance. The pretended security which they afford is really worse than nothing, for it begets an undeserved confidence on the part of the public, and makes them trust to what is wholly unworthy of any trust whatever." Confirmed by that opinion, he had come to the conelusion that all those conditions and restrictions which were imposed upon companies were of little or no value-in point of fact, that they did more larnm than good, and that they only tended to perpetuate and increase that frand which they were supposed to be calculated to repress. In discussing this matter, however, it was desirable that they should go a little beyond the mere consideration of limited liability, which was only one ingredient of the question. Many persons objected to public companies altogether, because all joint-stock associations were to seine extent an interference with the private trader. He (Lord Stanley) contended, on the other hand, that in strict justice Parliament had no right to interfere with the application of any nian's capital, and to say that lie should not employ it in any way that he thoughit fit. This bill gave a man no privilege, but it was calculated to prevent an undue and unjust interference with him in the disposal of hlis capital. According to the old law, people might limit their liability if they stated their linited liability upon every transaction which took place; and such was not only the law but the practice with insurance companies at the present moment. He proposed now to enable persons to do that, by a general publication of the intention of the company to confine itself to a limited liability. which by law at present they could do with regard to each individual transaction. The provisions of the bill might be easily explained. In the first place, the Joint-Stock Conipanies Act, the act amending the same, the WVinding-up Act, and the Limited LiabilityAct of lastsessionwere renealed witlitheviewof being consolidated into a regular code for the government of joint. srek companies, whether limited or unlimited. In the next place, banking and insurance companies were excepted from tIme operation of the bill. The business transacted by banking companies was of a peculiar nature and required to be regulated by a law of its own; while insurance companies, although it might be right to deal with them upon a future occasion, and although practically they were conducted upon the principle of limited liability, had been omitted in accordance wvith the recommendation of the committee of the House of Commons which sat two yesrs ago. In the third place, the bill proposed that all companies consisting of more than 20 persons should of necessity conie under the operatiol of the act, and that all comimpaniesconsistingof between sevenaand 20 persons might avail tlieniselves of its provisions or not, as they pleased. lVhen seven persons or more desired to fonn a coiipaiiy the bill required them to make a miiemorandum of association, stating the object of the company, the amount of the shares, and u-lmether the company Mwas to be limited or unlimited. They were then required to prepare for themFelves articles of association-a fonn of which was appended to the bill, to bh used or not, as parties pleased-and a registry being established they were entitled to complete registration and became a fully formed company, authorized to exercise all the functions of a partnership. Great eomplaints had been made against the existing system of registratioi. It Nwas therefore proposed nider the present biLII tO re(juire all compaics~ to' establfs-h reai-s-ter's',a-nd' keep them at their own offices open to inspection at all reasonable hours. By another provision of the bill, which he thoupht would operate beneficially, power was given to one-firth of the shareholders of any company to apply to the Board of Trade for the appointment of an inspector, whose duty it should be to inquire into the affairs of the company and make a report thereon, such report to be the property of the parties so applying. The provisions for the winding up of companies were very important, and he believed would remove many of the difficulties which had been experienced under the existing act. Companies would, under the new law, be instantly wound up whenever they became insolvent and unable to pay their debts. The principal conditiosis for the winding up of a company werc,failure to comnience its operations within a year after its formation, suspenision of its business for a whole year, expenditure of three-fourths of its capital, and neglect or inability to pay its debts within three weeks after demand. Snch were the more important provisions .f the bill, and if their lordships admitted the principle of imnited liability-which lie maintained they had done-they u-ere bound to allow it to be tried in its integrity. He was satisfied that if they did so the event would not justify the apprehensions which were at present entertained in some quarters. That we should continue to have periods ef excitement and over-speculation, though, perhaps, not to the same extent as before, he did not doubt; but that excitement and over-speculation would not be fostered or encouraged by liniited liability, -whicb, on the contrary, would have a less injurious effect than the existing system of umilimited liability. If a scheming body of I directors 'wished to form a company for fraudulent I purnoses, they would prefer a company composed of mnon unlimitedly liable, than one conducted on the principle of I d liability, because they could not easily avail themselves of the funds of the latter; while from the fact of its being ympposedthmat limited liability gave less security to the public, e 7oryone who dealt with such a company wouid feel it necessary to inform himself of its real character,the effect- ef which ;05-ld be that, instead of those wild and e.xtrava-| ;8apt 'eheines w2'ivh had been eo -life nnder the existing systerm, there would be mluch greater caution in the establihhment of trading concerns, as well as greater circumsoection in those who transacted business with them. he xrinciple- of the bill was to aUow every man to etmploy his capital as he pleased, but 'at the sa.me time to require that the public should be fully inforihed as to the nature of the partnerships into which he entered, and the terms upon which they conducted their business. The provisions of the bill had been framed with the view of carrying out that object, and he believed that, while permitting the utmost freedom to capital, they would afford the greatest possible security to the public without imposing any of those so caUed restrictions whiCh excperience had proved to the worthless. The noble lord concluded bymoving the second reading of the bill. Lord MONTEAGLE could not allow the biUl to be read a second time without addressing a few observations to the House. Hle was glad that their lordships had not heard tonight arepetition of that most absurd and senseless of all fallacies-a fallacy which he had observed was not entirely out of fashion in anothler place-that the principle of freo trade was involved in the present bill. The noble lord alluded to the exceptional cases which now existed, and argued that we could not have had our canals and railroads and other great works, except for the principle of limited liability. No one wished to deny that in such enter prises the principle of limited liability was rightly employed; but that afforded no argument in support of the general prnciple of thss measure. The present was the third of a series of measures which had been brought forward, and it carried out to an incalculably greater degree than any of them the principle they all aimed at, without the protection which the other bills afforded. His noble friend said they were wrong on tha former occasions with regard to that protection, but, if that were so,what security had the House that they were right now? The noble lord said this bill was especially for the benefit of small canitalists and traders. On the contrary, he (Lord Monteagie) believed that there was no class of the community likely to suffer so much from a bill of this description as the humbler classes,who might be induced to enter into speculations over which they would have no means of exercising control, and wvho would be made the dupes of designing parties. All kinds of companiies would be framed, and though such companies might be unsuitable for ordinary trade and manufactures, there was one thing which they wvould be fitted for, and that was to manufacture shares and to encourage a spirit of gambling. (Hear, hear.) He was told they were not to protect people by act of Parliament, but that was not an accurate mode of stating the case. He would rather say, they were not to ruin people by act of Parliament. (Hear.) Heapprehendedmischief from the biU and therefore lie entreated their lordships to hesitate before they gave sanction to a measure that was not wanted for the legitimate trade of the country, and whiclh would be detrimental to those engaged in it. It could not be denied that great suffering and inconvenience had occasionaUy attended the operation of limited liability, even in thoso cases -where the application of the principle was necessary; but how riuch more would this be the case under such a bill as the present, when gambling shops would be established at the corner of every street, and enterprises would be carried on only for the benefit of the small fraternity wvho organized them, and onlyso long as suited their purposes, leavingtheir dupes entirely withouta remedy? (Hear.) With regardto the Royal commiission to which his noble friend had adverted, it was of great importance to remember, that that commission had given no sanction to such a bill as the presenit, and that the most influential and experienced mercantile members connected with it were entirely opposed to its provisions. The noble lord had referred to the example of foreign States; but he (Lord Mlonteagle) thought foreign countries were much more likely to benefit by the experience and practice of England than she was by adopting the system they pursue His noble friend had stated that the principle of this measuro w.as recognized in almost every foreign country, but he (Lord Monteagle) challenged the noble lord to mention any country in which it was adopted. Had such a legislative monster as the bill now before their lordships been prodnced in America, in France, or in any other part of the world? He asked the House to consider the disadvantage; this measure-upon which his noble friend relied for tin development of trade and commerce in this country-would entail upon persons who encountered the risks of ordinary trade. Mushroom companies would be established under she auspices of gentlemen learned in the law, and he feared the term " limited liability," instead of being regarded as an indication of danger, wvouldrather operate as a bait. After the opinions which had been expressed by tle noble lord (Overstone) in presenting a petition to-night, and also in a previolls debate, he (Lord Monteagle) was unwilling ts occupy their lordships' attention upon this subject; but he must say that if any indifference existed in the public mind with reference to this questioni, it arose partly from the great pains which had been taken to argue the case in such amannerasto lead the poorer classes to beheve that the measurewould extend to them advantages whichhadliitherto been confined to the wealthy. He would feel it his duty, even if he should stand alone, to say "-Not content" to the second reading of the bill. The Duke of AEGYLL said, his nolde friend near him had congratulated the House on the circumstance that the Government had entirely abandoned what he considered the absurd argument that this measure had any connexion with the abstract principles of free trade. He (the Duke of Argyll) must, however, repeat the opinion lie had before expressed, that there -was a very close and intimate connexion between the principles upon which this measure was founded and the principles of free trade. He conceived the doctrine of free trade to be, that they ought nut by any artificial restriction of law to prevent usen fromn obtaining from abroad such commodities as they required, or from investing their property in whatthey deemed themostprofitable nanner. Theprinciple of limited liability was objected to, first, because unlimited liability wasnecessary for the security of creditors; secondly, because it was requisite for the security of individual traders, who would be exposed to undue competition from companies established under a system of limited liability ; and lastly, on the gromuid that the adoption of the principle of limited liability would give an undue stimulus to speculation. UJnderthe present law each individual or company could bargain with his or its creditors as to the extent to which his property should be liable. That principle was admitted even by these who were opposed to limited liability, and yet those who admitted it would wrish to throsv all kinds of impediments in the way of a legal application of it. However, he would subulit to noble lords who agreed to that psinciple, that, with regard to the present bill, all they had to do was to assent to the second reading, and then in committee to see that proper securities, whether for publicity and full knowledge to creditors, of the ternis upon which they would deal were provided in the bill. It had been admitted on all hands, including the noble baron (Lord Overstone) bimself, that any attemipt to substitute legislative protection for individual prudence must necessarily fail. Then, again, as the usury laws had been repealed, and the creditor had been permitted to make his own ternis with the person with whom he dealt, it was no longer necessary to retain the obstructions of the present state of the law; but, on the contrary, Parliament was bound, in consideration of the shareholders, to remove all those impediments. A creditor was now permitted to measure the rate of interest he charged by the extent of risk which lie imagined lie was about to run, and, consequently, could protect himiself in his dealings with individuals or companies. Then, with respect to the remarks which had been made asto the protection at present afforded to certain trades carried on by individuals, the meaning of that doctrine was simply protection. It was admitted that in certain trades or businesses limited liability could be usefully granted, and it was said that in such cases the Board of Trade liad powver to grant charters to effect that object; but it must be remembered that in granting those charters, no consideration was given to the probabilities of success, or to the security which would be afforded to the creditors orthe shareholders. With respect to the most inportant argument which had been urged a-ainst the billthat it would give an unnatural and unhealthy stimulus to speculation, he (the Duke of Argyll) could not believe that any apprehension need be entertained upon that head. If the State were able to distinguish between good and bad speculations, it would be the duty of the State to encourage the one and discourage the other; but it was admitted by all persons that the State could not attenipt to exercise such power with advantage to the public. At the same time that the opponents of limited liability admitted the impossibility of discrimination on the part of the State between good and bad speculations they called upon the State to offer a general discourageinsent to all speculations alike, whether good or bad. Such a course would not be advisable upon any principle, and in order to remove that evil the present legislation was required. It could not be denied that, in the present state of the law, aU speculations, whether good or bad, were alike hupeded, as was admitted even by those who were opposed to the present measure.- There were degrees of confidence with regard to the remanerating character of mercantile undertakings, and, if a man entertained sufficient confidence in a comicern to risk 1,0001. in it, why should you prevent him froni embarking in it at al unless he risked his whole fortune? It was said that the legislation now proposed would lead to rash andI dangerous speculation. NowY, had the present law secured caution on the part of the public? The manias of 1825, 1234, and 1845 had been alluded to. Welt all these manias had happened under the existing law, and no proof had been gcven to show that such manias would now be in- creased. On the contrary, it appeared to hun thatl nee wre eveal ode inwhihpte prosed cohange hi there were several modes i-n' whiclh t'he -pr-oposed Cl1 i-rl the law might operate favourably in preventing rash specalation. He did not believe that any law would entirely prevent these periodical manias; but was it not possible that the change now proposed miiight induce greater caution on the part of the public? The committee whichl sat to investigate this subject spoke of tlle evils at present created by the use of the names of persons of great vealth and reputation in the formation of public companies. At present if a man saw the name, for example, of his noble friend in the prospectus of a new company, he would say, " Lordc Overstone is a man of great wealth and prudence; he is liable to the full extent of every farthing he possesses ; he must therefore have inquired fully into the probable success of this undertaking, and I can have no hesitation in joining the coispany too." But, under the law of limited liability, a man would say, "Lord Overstone is a man of great ealth; it is very well for him to play at ducks and drakes with his mnoney, and to risk 2,0001. or 3,000?.; but the loss of such a sum would ruin me; I umust be more cautious." (Hear.) Hehad heardvariouswarningsgivenasto the danger of trusting too much to abstract principles in a complex state of society. N1ow, this was almost precisely the lan- guage wbich they had always heard used when chaneps i' the law which had tiuned out of the utmost benefit to, society had been opposed by unreasoning prejudice. He felt i confident that this objection would be equally unfounded in the preselit case, and that, by carrying out practicaly the abstract principle that a mnan had a right to investhis money on what terms he pleased, their lordships would be adopting a system which would neither weaken our credit nor encourage rash speculation, but which would be recognized as a great boon by the country generally. (Hear, hear.) After a few words from Lord DENSANx- The LORD CHANCELLOR asked whether it was a reasonable course upon a bil consisting of 11G clauses, among which were provisions of the "greatest importance, not merely to traders wider limited hiaiity, but to those under ar.- limited Libbinty, to oppose the second reading because objec-- tions were entertained to one portion of the measure only ? The proper comrse, he thought, would have been to. opuose in committee the claises which were considered to be mj3rous in their bearing. Lord OV.ERSTONBE vindicated the course taken by those who opposed the biU generally on accomut of its objectionable provsions. Their lordships theu divided, -when the numbers were:- For the second reading .18 ... ... 18 Against it ... ... ... ... 5 Majority ... ... -13 The bill was then read, a second time. SrI W. F. WILLEAMS' AINNITY BILL. This biUl was read a second time. Whichwood Forest Bil was reported with amendments. Their lordships adjourned at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, MoNDAY, Ju; 16. The SPEA=ER took the chair at 4 oclock. PRIVATE BUSINESS. The Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway, the Blenheim Estate, and the Uttoxeter and Blythe Marsh Road Bills were read a third time and passed. Petitions were presented by Mr. BENSIWCR, from Bristol, against the abandonment of the right of search by the declaration on the maritime law of England, agreed to at Paris-l by Mr. STRuTT, from the Nottingham Gaslight Company, against the Public Health Act A mendment Bill; by Mr. TreoRNELY, from medical officers of Wolverhampton Union, for amendment of the law; by Mr. HEYWooD, from the British and Foreign Unitarian Association and the Unitarian congregation of Chichester in favour of arevision of the authorized version of the Bible; by Mr.W.WinLamAs, from the medical officers of the poor of Camberwell, for increasedcompensation; by Sir 3. TROLLOPE, from Dr. Morris, of Spalding, in favour of the Medical Profession Bill; from Morton, Lincolnshire, against the Churchrates Bill; from medical officers of the Cerne and Altrincham Poor-law Jnions, for a redress of their grievances; by Mr. ALEXANDER HASTIE, from the workmen in the employment of Annfield Pottery Company, Glasgow, for a law to prevent the arrestment of workmen's wages; by Mr. G. Dusc.s, from the magistrates and town-council of Dundee, in favour of a measure to carry out a complete system of decimal coinage; from the parochial board of Dundee, praying for amendment of clause 37 of the Bill for the Removal of Nuisances in Scotland; and from the Commissioners of Police of the Royal burgh of Dundee, praying for an amendment of the 67th clause of the same bill; by Sir M. S. STEwAmRT, from parochial board of Lochwinnoch, against Poor Law Removal Bil; and from employers and employed in Mr. Crum's mill, Busby, for repeal of the law of asrestment of workmen's wages; by MIr. W. LOCKHART, from the Commissioners of Supply of the county of Lanark, against the Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bil; frosn the Hamilton Branch of the Scottish Reformation Society against the Maynooth grant; and from Glasgow, for a law against arrestinent of workmen's wages: by MIr. ROLT, from the medical officers of Greenwich UJnion, concurring in the prayer of the general petition, and praying that the Poor-law Board mnay be empow,ered to carryst out; by Mrr. BAsD, from the inhabitants of the burgh of Hamilton, in favour of the bill for the withdrawal of the endowment of the College of Maynooth; I by Mar. B uSx, from Mr. E. S. Ellis, late chairnan of the guardians of the Leicester Union, complaining of the inefficiency of the present law for the protection of young children empoyed in sweeping chimneys; by Mr. DUNLOP, from the miister and elders of the United Presbyterian Church, George-square, Greenock :n favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, and the Ltlication (Scotland) Billand from the employers and emeployed in the works of Alexander Harvey and -!,, Govanhaugh, Lanarkshire; and of George Buchanan and Sons, Glasgow, against the arrestment of workmen's wages; by Mr. I. Burr, from the teachers - I scholars of the Sabbath school, All Saints Chu-cl. )it nchester; the workpeople of John Lancaster rad `o., islford; the inhabitants of Collyhurst, Manchesier; the inhabitants of Greengate, Salford; and the shop keepers of Chapel-street, Salford, in favour of the Shortuine Bleaching lWorks Bill; by Sir A. AG uE-W, from the Free Cliurch presbytery of Stranraer, in favour of the IParochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; by Lord C. CLINTON from the mayor and corPOration of Deal, against the City of London Corporation Bill; by Mr. FaLOysR, from the cccupiers of land and others attending the market at Dorchester, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Sir H. F. DANE, from Dunbar,. in favour of decimal coinage; by Mr. PsrcIrLAuD, from Mr. Haslehurst, one of the medical officers of the Bridgnorth Union, praying for relief; by Mr. ssNusRnD, from tie Perth and Aberdeen Presbytery of UJnited Original Seceders, against the grant to Maynooth; by Mr. SsOLLEzn, from the parochial board of the Xarish of Bonhill (Dunbartonshire), against the Scotch and Irish Paupers Removal Bill; by Mr. WIcKnAse, from the7com- i iittee of the Home and Foreign Affairs Association at Bradford, agaidst the artilce on maritime law in the treaty of Paris; and by Colonel FnsuutsoN, from the provost, magistrates, and towrn-council of the Royal burgh of I irkaldy, in favour of the Nuisances Removal (Scotland; Bill, wvith certain altertions. AGRICULTURAL STA'TISTICS BILL In reply to MVr. N. ARMILTON, The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHIEQUER declined te state positively, but said the Agricultural Statistics Bill would probably be taken on Thursday evening. THE N AWAB OF SURAT BILL. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY inquired the reason of an omis. sion to print the documents presented to the committee on the Nawaab of Surat BilL The documuents of the promoten were given, but only an index of the documents againsi I the bilL Mr. CARDWELL, the chairman of the committee, said he was not responsible for the omission. On observing it he went to Hansard's, and a promise was given that the error should be corrected. APPELLATE JTURISDICTION BILL, Mr. R. CURRIE gave notice that on the motion for the second reading of this bill, he should move that it be referred to a select committee. MEDICAL RELIEF TO THE POOR. Sir J. TROLLOPE wished to ask the President of the Poor Law Board whether he was prepared to adopt the recommendations of the conmmittee of 1854 upon medical relief to the poor, viz. :-I. That medical appointients should be per-manent. 2. That the remuneration should be revised andincreased. 3. That the districts should be examined. Ur. BOUVERIE said that the recommendation of tle select committee, that theareaofthem edical districtsshould be examined with a view to their limitation, was being dons from time to time as occasion occurred. The recommendation that the medical appointments should be permanent had been complied with. The third point, that the Poor Law Board should increasethesalariesofthemedicalofficerswhere they were inadequate, had been underthe consideration of the board, with the view of obtaining a greater remuneration for medical men. That had been done to a certain extent, although not to the fullest extent desirable. An increase of lG,000. or 17,0001. in the salaries within the 'ast few years had been effected, but it was obvious that, unless a disposition existed on the part of the guardians to concur with the board, it was not possible to do all that was desirable herein. `UNIONT OF ABERDEEN UNIVERSITIES. Mr. THOMPSON' asked the Lord-Advocate whether he was prepared to bring in a bil for the union of the Aberdeen Universities? The LORD-ADVOCATE was anxious to aid in the union of these two universities. It appeared that the time had come when this union might be effected by a legislative measure, and he bad a bill in preparation. If the business of the session permitted, he should be glad to lay this bil on the table, and to carry it if possible. DIPLOMATIC ESTABLISHMENT AT HANOVER. Mr. WISE wished to ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether it was the intention of the Secretary of State for Foreigu Affairs, on Mr. Bligh's intended retirement from the mission at Hanover, to act in conformity with the resolution passed by the House of Commons in 1855, and to adopt the recommendation smade in 1850 by the Select Committee on Official Salaries with reference to the diplomatic establishment at Hanover? Lord PALIERSTON.-Sir, the recommendation to which reference has been made was, that there should be one representative from this country for the whole of Germany at Frankfort, and that our diplomatic representatives shouldbb withdrawn from Hanover, Stuttgard, Munich, and Dresden. Sir, it is not the intention of Her Majesty's Govern ment to adopt that recommendation. (Hear, hear.) It relates to a matter upon which the Government, whoever ihey maybe, are entitled to expect that confidence will b' placed intthem to this extent, that they who are carrying on diplomatic communications must be better judges of what is useful for the public interests than those who have no lsnowledge of what that diplomatic business is. Therefore, with all respect to that committee, I must state that the Government are of opinion that it would not be conducive to the public interests to withdraw our diplomatic Minister from the Court of Hanover. ENCUMBERED E5TATES COIURT (IRELANXD). Colonel HIGGINS begged to ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether the attention of Her Majesty's Government had been called to the recent decision of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland in the case of " Errington v. Rorke," in which it was held that a purchaser under the Encumbered Estates Court was bound by a previous lease not mentioned in the conveyance to him from the commissioners, and whether it was the intention of Government to introduce any measure to set at rest the doubts created by that decision as to the indefeasibility of the title conferred by the commissioners? Ur. HORSMAN said, it was always supposed that the title given by the Encumbered Estates Court was a good and valid title. That was the intention of the Government and the understanding of the public, on the faith of which large purchases of land had been made. The judgment to which the hon. and gallant gentleman had alUnddeed seemed at variance with that opinion, and was calculated to give great alarmn to the purchasers of property which had passed through that court. The Government had immediately tal;en the subject into their consideration, ith the view to obviate the alarm which had been caused by the decision of the Irish Court of Queen's Bench. (HIear, hear.) OFFICERS OF IRISH LAW COURTS. Mr. GEORGE inquired of the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce a bill, or to insert clauses in any bill now before the House, to make the offices of town registrars (to the Chief Justices and Chief Baron) or clerks of Mig Prizis in the three superior courts of common law in Ireland per- minanent, and to authorize the appointment of a clerk by each of said ofcers, in aialogy to the provisions of the a^t the 15th and 16th of Victoria, chap. 73 (English) ? Mr. HORSMAh..-It is not the intenstion of the Govern ment to bring in a bill or to introduce clauses of the kind referred to. AS L * - ~~AUJSTRALIA34 KILS. LordNTAA.S wishedI to know the latest period at whice the Government would receive tenders for the Australian mails? |Mr. WILSON said that last Wednesday or Thursday was the latest period originally intended for the reception of tenders, but in consequence of a question put to him, whether the Government would extend the periodif good cause were shown, he replied in the afinnative. No applications were made by any parties for -a postponement, but lest any other parties might wish to tender tlhe day was postponed. He had given directions that the tenders should not be opened until the period was expired, and he now wished it to be publicly stated that the tenders would be kept ii-. opened Until Wednesday, and that they would then be opened and the decision madeb? AGRICULTURAL STTISTICS B;ILL. Mr. BENTINTCK should be gladto know wher the motion for thesecond reading of thisbill ould be made. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that if the motion of the hon. member (Mr. BaiUlie) came on next Thursday, the Agricultural Statistics Bill would stand for the following Thursday. lfr. E. BALL hoped they would hear that the Government had determined to postpone this bil until next session. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCREQUEP.-I have to inform the hon.;nember that the Government intend, at the earliest day on which the state of public business wiUipermit, tomovethe second reading of this bill, in order that the House may have the opportnity of expressing an opinion upon it. (Hear,hear.) KAIRS AND ISMAIL. Sir D. L EVANTS wished to ask the First Minister of the Crown whether he had heard a rumour that the fortifi. cations of Kars were to be blown up by the Russians ? Lord PALMERSTONT.-No authentic information has been received by Her Majesty's Government, but a report ha, reached us through the usual channels of information that a part of the fortifications of Kars are to be blown up, and that some parts of- the fortifications of Ismail will also be destroyed. SARDINIANT LOAN. On the motion of the CnIANcELLOR of the ExonaQuyic, the House then went into committee, and Mr. FiTZROy, the chairman, read the message froim Her Majestv respectng the Sardinian loan. ehe CHA-NTCELLOR of the EXCHEQUE3R said,-It will be in the memory of the committee that, in making the financial statement of the year, Iai announced on behalf of the Goverment that they intended to propose a loan of an additional milion to the Sardinian Government, in fulfilmeiitof thespirit, althoughnotof theletter, of the convention of lastyear. That convention was entered into in December, 1855, it was signedat Turin, and the ratifications were sent over to this country. By some accident a short delay took place at Paris in the transmission of those ratifications, and the consequence was, that the bill founded on the convention was not introduced into Parliament quite as early as may have appeared consistent with the date of the signature of the treaty. It was not supposed at the time that the accident wv- ul' be attended with any material consequences. ' ;.- bllame attaches on account of it to the Sardinian Govcrnmec:t; if there is any responsibility in the matter Her 1'ajesty's Government are responsible. How. ever, the convention hnvingbeen signed at Turin in January, 1855, the act founded upon it was introduced, I think, at tle end of March or the begiming of April, and received the Royal assent on the 26th of April. The stipulations of that convention were that 1,000,0001. should be advanced as a loan to the Sardinian Government within a year after the payment of the first instalment; and that if the war should not be brought to a conclusion wvithin a year after thepayment ofthefirst instalment, then a second 1,000,0001. should be advanced under the like terms and conditions as the first. Iwilinoweall theattention ofthecomynittee tothe precise dates of these transactions. The act of Parliament giving effect to the convention received the Royal assent on the 26th of April, 1855, and the ratifications of the treaty of peace were exchanged on the 27th of April, 1856that is to say, one year and one day after the day on which that act received the Royal- assent. The application on the part of the Sardinian Government for the first payment was, I believe, received on the day, or even before the day, on which the Royal assent was given to the act, but the actual payment of the first instalment frorm which, according to the stipulations of the convention, the year was to be reckoned was made on the 3d of May, si- days subsequently; therefore, according to the strict interpretation of the treaty, the second milioni did not become payable; whereas if the payment of the first instalment had been made one day before, instead of sx days after, the 27th of April the faith of this country would have been engaged to advance the second milUion. I havenow stated the factswith regard tothe literal obligations of this country. With regard to the spirit of the treaty, it is to be observed that it was made for the purpose of enabling the Government of Sardinia to carry on the war in which she was our ally. The Govermment of Siaadinia sent over troops which -were engaged in the last campaign; they also made preparations for a second campaign, in the event of peace not beint concluded at Paris; and, althouga the actual terms of the treaty do not bind Her Mlajesty's Government to issue a second milion, unquestionably the contingency contemplated by the treaty has arrived,-that is to say, preparations for a second year of hostilities have been made bv the Sardinian Government. I may also state that it appears from an authentic document communicated by Count Cavour to Lord Clarendon, at Paris, and laid before the Sardinian Parliam;ent, that the expenses of the expedition, notlaterthanlastyear, badaamountedto no lessthan75,00,O0 offrancs, asum which considerablyexceeds the 2,000,0001. proposed to be lent to the Sardinian Government. I trust, after thisexplanation, the committee wiU see that, consistently with good faith and the spirit of our engagements with the Sardinian Government, Her Majestys Glovernment cannot do otherwise than propose this additional advance. (Hear, hear.) Considering, too, the friendship which the Sardinian peeplo entertain towards this country, as manifested by the galantry and fidelity of their army, and by the uninterrupted amity and good faith with which their Government has acted towards the Government of Her Majesty, I hope the committee will not hesitate to set their seal on this contract, and, without any difference of opinion, to assent to the resolution I have placed in the hands of the Chairman. (Cheers.) Mr. FITZROY read the resolution:- " That the Commissioners of the Treasury be authorized to issue out of the consolidated fund of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland the sum of 1,000,0001. as a loan to the Sardinian Government, in accordance with the terms of the treaty concluded between Her Majesty and the King of Sardinia." The resolution was immediately agreed to and, the House having resumed, was reported by the Chairman. OUR RELATIONS WITH THE uJNITED STATES. On the question that the House resolve itself into Committee of Supply, Lord J. RUSSELL, who spoke in so low a toiie that he was very indistinctly heard, said,-It appears to me th.t the House of Commons ought not to go into comnuttee upon the last remaining military estimates of the year without asking the Government for some explanation as to the posi tion in which we at preseit stand with regard to the United States of .America. If there were negotiations going on the Government would rightly say-and, accordingto all former practice, the Houso would listen to them-that, during the continuance of those negotiations, it would be inconvenient to the public service to raise anything resembling a dis. cussion, but the question now is whether there are to be any negotiations with the United States Govetnment or not? The state of facts, I conceive, to be this. Despatches have been received by Her Majesty's Governmnent, declaring, according to the explanations given in both Houses of Parliament, that -with respect to the question of recruitient the Government of the United States are satisfied with the explanations of Her .Uajesty's Government, to the effect that they had no intention whatever of violating the laws of the United States, and that they had heard with great regret that anything wllich could be construed into a violation of those laws could be alleged against them. The question, therefore, of recrnitment appears to me to be at an end. (ffear, hear.) But thGovernment of the United States, not giving the same credit to Mr. Crampton which they have given to Her Majesty's Government, thinkthat his conduct has been such that intercourse between the tw, countries cannot usefully be carried on by hini, and they have accordingly declared that they cau no longer transact the business of the nation with him. They have accompanied this communication with various declarations, and very positive declarations, of their -wish to continue on terms of amity with this country. They have with regard t m a second question, which has for a long time been the subject of negotiation between this country and tIme United States and various States of Central America, profesqed their willingness to enter into direct communication with Her Majesty's Government upon any points of differenco -which now exist; and, having gone through those points in great detail, they have declared that, with respect to some of them, an arbitration may rightly be admitted. I need not ask for any explanation with regard to one or other of those questions. My hon. friend the member for Invernessshire (Mr. Baillie) has given notice of his intention to bring the recruitmentquestionbefore the House on Thursday next. If the hon. member should think proper to bring that question forward, and if the House should entertain it, then any member of this House, and I among the rest, may declare our opinions on tnat question. With respect to the second ouestion,-thatrelatingto Central America,-the real point is whether negotiation is to be entered into or con'tiued on that subject. If negotiations were to be broken off, then, no doubt, it would be necessary to bring that question before the House, and Ishould expect some member to do so; but, if negotiation is now to take place, I thinL-, then, upon that question, and I should also say on the other, that it w-ould be most desirable -hsatino further.discussion should take place until Her MajesWs Governmnent could inform us of the result of the negotiations. (Hear, hear.) But there are two other very important points, independent of any detail Pf the merits of the two great questions I ha-e sive judgment on the point. (Hear.) Happily we bave among us thehon. member for Coventry, who, from the manner in which he has laid oot the grounds at the Crystal Palace, is entitled to be regarded as an authority on such subjects. (Hear, hear.) Due weight ought to be attached to whatsver falls from him, and, as far as I ain concerned, I shaU bs guided in.the main by what he says as to whether any bridge wil or will not detract from the beauty of the Park. (Hear, hear.) With respect to the propriety of entrusting to the Board of Works the expenditara of -iblio money for the erection of ornamental structures without, an opportunity having been previously afforded us to examine the plans, that is a matter on which I have a very strong opinion. I think that as a general rule we ,hould not do so; and I know nothing either with reference to the general conduct of the board in such matters, or as regards the taste and judgment displayed by the First Commissionerwhich should justify usin departing from that rule on thepresentoccasion. (Eear.) Andtalkingof thetasteandjudgment of the First Commissioner (laughter), I will mention a Eingular iUustration of both. Ewo years ago 1,0001. was voted for the erection of a new pedestal for the statue of King Charles at Charing-cross. The reason assigned was that the old one was in a state of decay, and that the safety of the statue required that it should be renewed. The old pedestal had been designed and executed by the celebrated carver Grinling Gibbons. Tho attention of the First Commissioner was called to the subject. It was subsequently suggested, however, that the pedestal was not in so bad and unsafe a condition as had been supposed; and the First Commissioner of Works having directed further inquiry to be made into the matter, it was found that, instead of an entirely new pedestal costing 1,0001., all that was required was that some slight repairs should be effected, at a very trifling expense, on the existing beautiful specimen of art. This shows. that we cannot always depend on the taste and jud"ment of the Board of Works. (Hear, hear.) If the rig't hon. gentleman (Sir B. Hall) had been a dictator, and there had been no press and no House of Commons in this country, we shouldnow have had the park cut up by the intersection of a broad road for the transit of waggons, carts, omnibuses, &c. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman has therefore displayed no taste and no appreciation-I will not say for the beautiful in general, but for the beauty of St. James's Park. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) Under these circumstances, I do not think it desirable, when we are dealing with a park of such great and acknowledged beauty as St. James's, to entrust him 'with the erection of this bridge, -without our previously seeing the design for the structure. (Hear, hear.) Indeed, we ought to lay it down as a general principle, that whenever it is proposed to expend the public money on ornamental works the plans sent in should be exhibited to this House and public opinion brought to bear on the question, so that the vest scheme may be fixed upon before the funds are voted. It is therefore with the view of insuring that a structure suited to the situation intended for it is erected that I am anxious the money should not be granted until we have seen the design. I hope I shall not be deemed to be adopting a factious course on this occasion, but to be actuated siply by a deep interest in thepreservation of the beauty of the park. (Hear, hear.) lUnfortunately in Sngland all our public and private buildings, streets, and statues are more or less disgraceful (hear, hear), and I must say, when one returns from Paris to london he cannot but be struck with the dirt and meanness of our thoroughfares. Even our most remarkable edifices have nothing but their almost unequaUed vastness to recommend them. In this metro li' we have but few bright and pleasant spots on wvhich the eye delights to dwell, and which we are not ashamed to show to foreigners, and these are our parks. (Hlear, hear.) It is precisely because I am anxious that we should not destroy those few agreeable places that I have brought this subject forward. It is, indeed, aleged that in the opinion of competentjudges the proposed structure will not mar the beautyof the park; but I ask the House to refuse the money until it has aeon the plan (hear, hear); and if I meet with any support shall divide the House against the vote. (Cheers,) Sir J. PAXTON said, hsdhe been present when this vote was proposed on Friday night, he would certainly have I egged the noble lord at the head of the Government to eefer it till another season. Not quite a fortnight ago a vote cf 2,S001. was asked for to construct a foot-bridge across the ornamental lake in St. James's Park, and which was to have leen placed about 2 feet 6 inches or 3 feet from the water. He strongly objected to that plan, because it would have cut the ornamental water in two and spoilt the prosnectand next day the right hon. gentleman (Sir B. Hal) informed him that the Board proposed to put up a suspension-bridge eight feet from the water, so as to enable all parties to have a clear view of the ornamental lake and its banks. This appeared to some degree to obviate his objection; yet, when he came to reflect on the plan, he found that an inclined plane of considerable extent would be required to lead up to the suspension-bridge, and that such a project would cut the park in two in much the same manner as the one previously proposed. The wiser course would be not to go on changing the plan for the bridge as had been done several times in the space of a few months, but to wait till some well digested scheme had been prepared. If a bridge were realy necessary-and he had never seen any reason to beheve at was (hear, hear)-the House and the public ought at all events to know the kind of structure intended to be~ erected. On these grounds he hoped that the vote would be postponed. Ir. TITE did not regard a wire bridge, supported on light iron columns, as necessarily repugnant to good taste; and, if demanded by the public convenience, such a structure erected on the French principle-en fi defer-, would not be objectionable in St. Jameks Park. He did not concur in disparaging the taste of the First Commissioner of Works to the extent which the noble lord (Iord Elcho) had done; but the question was, was a communication like the one proposed really necessary for the public convenience? He was of opinion that it was not. Mr. HENTLEY wished to make a very humble suggestion, which would answer all the ends of public convenience, and at the same time prevent an offence to good taste. Let the Government put a larger ferry-boat on the ornamental water to convey the poor across free of charge (hear, hear), and let another boat beprovided for the richer classes at the expense of those whom it would accommodate. Sir B. HALL said, that it was not for him to discuss with the noble lord the member for Haddingtonshire the question of his taste or judgment in matters of this description, or of his fitness or unfitness for the office which he had the honour to hold; but it was somewhat hard that the noble lord should insinuate, or rather intimate very broadly, that he (Sir B. Hall), in desiring that this bridge should be built, was promoting merely personal objects and consulting the wishes of those whom he represented. Ile trusted that the House would not believe that he would be guilty of such a dereliction of public duty. He begged to remind the noble lord that in 182 or lS29, when the old bridge was taken down, the opinion of the inhabitants of the metropolis was so strongly opposed to its being removed that the Surveyor of Works was induced to write to the Treasury requesting the sum of 8,2001. for a newv bridge. This therefore was no new matter. He could assure the House that be had been earnestly requested lobuildthis bridge, and he believed that it would beagreat I ublic convenience. The noble lord said, that he had no faith in the Board of Works, because, having asked for 1,0001. for anew pedestal for Xing Charles's statue, they had only spent 401. for a new plinth. That alteration had been carried out at his (Sir B. Hall's) recommendation, and he saw nothing to reproach himself with in having saved the country 9601. in that matter. (Hear, hear.) He did not think that a ferry-boat would afford so convenient a mode of transit as a bridge. His own desire would be to erect a structure of the lightest possible description consistent with durability, and he hoped that it niight be of such a character as would spare him from a renewal of the condemnations which the noble lord had so lavishly bestowed upon him that evening. ("Hear," and a laugh.) lMr. DISRABLI.-ItrustthatteHousewfinotbetempted by the right hon. gentleman into discussing the question of a vote of confidence in the Ministry. (A laugh.) I was a member of the committee to which this subject was referred, and not having spoken when the former discussion took place I was reproached by some of my colleagues for my silence. I can only now say that I remember, with pride and satisfaction, that in that committee I voted against every proposition of the right hon. gentleman,-against foot-bridge and suspension-bridge alike; and I hope that the House wi allow me one moment while I express the reasons why I did so. (Hear, hear.) I was mainly influenced in the course which I took by the reasons which have been urged by the noble lord who has caled our attention to the precipitate vote of the other evening. It appeared to me that the garden of St. James's Park was one of those few objects of which we as Englishmen might be proud, and that the effect of any bridge of such a description as was brought before us would be to turn one very pretty ornamental lake into two very ugly ponds. (Hear, hear.) I admit that an objection to taste may, in a limited degree, be met by an overpowering sense of public necessity;* but I cannot recollect that in the committee we bad any evidence upon the subject; at all events, there was none of a very overwhelming character. I believe that we formed our opinion principally upon conversation and upon one or two memoriais which were brought before us. Certainly, nothing like evidence of a nature calculated to prove a public neces- sity was brought before us. As to the romance of the workman, which the First Minister introduced into the subject, it will not stand the test of criticism for a moment because the workman, at break of dawn, repairing to the seat of his daily toil, cannot enter the park, seeing that its gates are not opened until some hours afterwards. ("lHear, hear," and a laugh.) The question is then, whether you will, for the accommodation of a few persons, living in very reputable halbitations in the vicinity oftheparl, take a step which would outrage every principle oE taste and beauty. The right hon. gentle. rnan says that we hada bridge before, which was accidentally destroyed, and that he can prove from the records of the cifice that there was a demand that the bridge should be restored. But the right hon, gentlemen forgot to remind us that that bridge was only an accidental and temporary structure, raised for the fireworks of the last peace; that it was 30 years ago, which was not a period very eminent for taste; that there was no garden there then, but in its place a morass and a canal; and that the question was a mere consideration of con% enience. I do not think, therefore, that the evidence of ihe right hon. gentleman upon this point should greatly influence our decisions in coming to a vote with regard to it. What I wish to impress pori the House more particularly, however, is, that the committee were called upon to decide on a very serious and extensive question, with very limited information, and in a very hurried man. ner. Remember, if these bridges are raised, whatever may be the subsequent opinion of: the public of them- however hideous they may think them-however limited the. convenience which they may gain for them, we shall not very easily get nd of them: and therefore'I think -that 'we cannot take a more prudent orseisble course than af least to pause for another sesimon before wb give a i5al.'auciba to their construiction: '(Cheers.) ' -. Lord PALMERSTON.-Afterthetone in which the right hon. gentleman bas discussed this subject, perhaps it ,ay not be superfluous to state that I do not consider it to be of just alluded to, on which I think the liouso of ought to receive infcrmation.- Teo iirst is whether, as thA.merican Government have desired yr. Crampton to cea~ his relations with the United States, it is the intention, oE Her Majesty's Government, after the mature delhberation they have now been able to give to the subject, to desire that M1r. Dallas should likewise withdraw, and thus put; an end for a time to any diplomatic communica_ tions between the two countries. The second point is, what, pending thenegotiation respecting Central America, and until the negotiation should be brought to a dose, are. the intentions of Her ajesty's Govermnent with respectto. any force that either now may be stationed or may be sent-to the coast of Nicaragua and Costa Rica? 'Wth respeOct to. -the first point it appears to me that Her Majesty's Govera-menbn may have means of judging which neither I nor any -member of this Housepossess; that, besides the ostensibles despatches, there may be grund, on which theirjudgrieut, has been formed, on which they can give intelligence to. 1 the House, but of which we are not at present in, possession. It certainly appears to me that their reso- lution should be formed in this respect, and that if they - have reason to believe that the removal of Mr. Cramupton is a wanton and determined insult on the part of the Goverunmnent of the United States, Her Majesty's Government can. do no otherwvise than meet that insult by breaking off communications with the Minister of the United States. If, however, there are no circumstances which lead them to> that conclusion, then I should say that not only formerexamples, butthe presentpeculiar circumstances of this case makeit most desirable that they should accede to the invita'_ tion of the Government of the United States, and enter intonegotiations upon any points of difference 'which, though not serious at the present time, may. lead to most seriouss results. (Hear, hear.) With respect to former examplesthere are many, I think, on this subject. There are cases3 in which both France and Great Britain have fouu&d that the Ministers they bave appointed were not acceptable. tothe Government of the United States. There isthewell-X Inown case in 1793 of AL Genet, the Minister sent by the.' Republcan Convention of France, -who not only fitted out; privateers, and had the prizes brought, to New york ,' and thus violated the neutrality of the Unite.- States, but likewise in a most offensive and im_proper manner endeavoured to raise seditious attempts. against General Washington's Government. GeneraWashington, acting with that wisdom for which he was remarkable, and joining to it calmness and firmnes, which likewise formed part of his character, in declaring to the-. French Blepublic that the conduct of x. Genet was intolerable, and that he could not any longer be permitted to. continue as Minister to the United States, did not brea k off diplomatic relations writh Frnce General Washington - through his Secretary of State, set forth the detail: of MX Genet's conduct, and stated that he was not. acceptable to the American Government. Upon this the French Government disapproved the conduct of M. Genet and recalled him, appointing another inister who might. be acceptable to the Government of the United States,. Thus the diplomatic relations of the two countries continue& unbroken. Again, in 1809, Mr. Jackson, the Minister forGreat Britain, made himself personally unacceptable to thePresident of the United States; and he was informed that no further communication could be held with him. XIr,, WiUiam Pinkney was then the American Minister irn London, and continued so without interruption, Mr. Madison being President. In 1850, Id POuFsin, the French Minister in America, having used language in oaei or more diplomatic notes which was considered disre_spectful to the Secretary of State, was sent his passports, but there was no interruption of amicable relationsi between the two countries. M1r. Rush, the American Mi.- mister at Paris, was at the time en route to the Unaited States, but his successor, Mr. Pives, -was received without; obstacle, and a new French Minister was sent to the United. States, General Taylor being President. These examples. show that the dismissal of Mr. Dallas need not, according to usage and international practice, immediately foUow' the course pursued by the American Government in respect. to Mr. Crampton. I now come to the question, in whichnegotiation is practicable. Thatiquestion is one of very considerable difficulty, being involved with ancient obligations; on the part of this country, and ancient and 'what we consider honourable relations between us and certain tribes of Indians on the coast of Central America, and being involved likewise by various interpretations in respect to- a recent treaty. In regard of these matters, involving, as. they do, most important consequences, it appears to me, from the hasty perusal I have been able to give itin the newspapers of this day, that Mr. Marcy haswritten a very dispassionate despatch, maintaining, as he 'was sure t do in opening a negotiation of that kind, all the positions 'which the American Government have. hitherto maintained. Yet he seems to admit that each of them might be discussed, and to assent that these points, on which arbitration wGuld be useful, should be referred to arbitration. Now, ithas been suggested that, though3r. Dallas 'were to receive his passports, and all diplomatic communication were to be suspended, yet that negotiation on all these. various points might be carried on in some other place and. by some other means. I cannot think that such a course, 'would be either befitting the dignity of this country or that. it 'would tend to any useful conclusion. I cannot think. it befitting the dignity of this country, because, if 'we are to negotiate with the United States, I hardly think it would be right to commence an indirect,negotiation, or that it 'would conduce to any good end. If the negotiation is to be carried on, I cannot conceive that it. could be better carried on than by Mr. Dallas, a gentleman. universally respected, and 'who, during the short time he has been here, has received the good will of all classes. (hear, hear), and by the noble earl at thehead of the Foreiga Department, who is acquainted with all the circumstancesof the case. I hope, indeed, that he, who has recently signed. the treaty of Paris, will be the person to bring to a termination these distressing occurrences. (Hear, hear.) With respect to the second point I alluded to, the present sdateof affairs in Central A merica, it is but fair to observe thatan accident might occur, a collision might happen on some. unforeseen question or in some unexpected place, 'which 'would seriously compromise the amicable relations of thec two countries. We have hitlerto had a .luestion which has rolled on for a long time, and for a great part of this century has been, as it were, in. abeyance, without any active participation of onrarms or of those of the United States in the dispute. The States of South America, so far from realizing the expectations of Mr. Canning, that he had created a new 'world to restore the balance of the old, have hardly been able tomaintain order within their own limits. Still less havethey been able to attempt any great conquests; nor has thestronger among them been able so completely to vanquish the weaker as to form any great and powerful S'ate in Central America. The State of NicaraguL, great as her pretensions were to the dominion of the Mosquito coast, and little as she regarded the obligations with us 'which had descended. toher in conseqwunce of our former treaties 'with Spain, has. not been able either to fix herself upon the Mosquito coast or. to overcome that colony of various Europeans-Englishmen. and others-and citizens of the United States which has been established at Greytown. We see now, however, that an enterprising military chief of considerable energy, who is likely to attract many followers to his standard, by taking the part of onet faction against another has obtained very considerable. povwer in the State of Nicaragua, and it is very possible thatPresident Rivas, having his assistance, may make an incursion on the lMosquito coast and may attack on the inhabitants of Greytownl The question, therefore, is whatwill be the counrse of Her Majesty's Government in such a. contingency? I have no doubt they would thinlk it theirduty to protect the persons and property of British residents in such a case, and I cannot wonder therefore that. they should wish to have a sufficient force in the neighbourhood of Greytown for that purpose. Whether they wouli. think fit to interfere with respect to Nicaragua and Grey - town I know not, bat I think that it is a question UpJ'a which we ought to have some information. I say this th- more because the reports on this sabject are very conflicting. I saw in anewspaper to-daythatthe shipsoftheUnitedStat.a were allowed to carry men and even military stores, whio, n-a doubt, weregoing to swell the forces of NicaragLa. Itseem; to me that such a course would not be consistent with thacn respect which is due to the flag of the United States. .I have also seen what was stated to ba a telegraphiz desp3tist to the effect that Her Majesty's ship-of-war Easyizoe was inthe habit of interfering with the ships making forthe port of Greytown, and of overhauling theiii bifora allowing them to enter. Some explanation, I have n doubt, can be given on that sabject, but I think it is right. that the anxiety which exists with regard to it s1oul. be as far as possible removed. Tiiese are the tv., questions upon which I should wish to have sone- explanation-first, whether it is the intention of thi t Government, after the course which has been takei. with respect to Mr. Crampton, to pursue a similar course ill regard to Mr. Dallas, and to break off aU diplomatic intercourse with the Government of the United States; and. next, whether, supposing that should not be the case, m uessares have been taken, after delibaration, by the Govern-- ment in order to prevent as far as possible any collisior between the ships and forces of the two countries. For my own part, I should hope that the commanders of the shipsof-war of this countryand of the 'United States wil receive such orders that they wil act completely in concert; ana l that they will not allow the miserable States in Central Amaerica, w%ith their rivalries and their squabbles, to commit these two great nations to hostilities with each other.
bIuNDATiozs In nAaNcE:.-Her 3Majesty ancd his Royal Hlighness Prince Albert have been graciously pleased to testify their sympathy for the unfortunate sufferers by the late inundations in France, by forwarding to the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor the munificent donations of 1,0001., and 5001. respectively, in aid of the fund now raising at the EIansion-house for their relief. OUr RELA,TIONS %= THEMIn=D STATES.-Mr. Baxter has given notice of his intention to move, as an amendment on Mr. Baillie's motion next Thursday, relative to recruiting in the United States, to leave out all the words after " IJnited States," to the end of the question, in order to insert the following words:-" And approving of the moderateand conciliatoryspirit in which the correspondence on the subject has been conducted by the Ministry of this country, but without feeling itself called upon, in the present posture of affairs, to express any opinion as to the difficult and delicate questions which have been under discussion, begs to assure Her tajesty of its sincere desire to maintain a good understanding with the United States of America, and of earnest hope that Her Maxjesty's Government wfill be able, with due regard to the rights and dignity of the Crown, to bring the questions pending between the two Governments to a peaceful and satisfactory issue." EAST INiDIA PzI,;sross.-A return shows that the pensions exceeding 2001. a-year granted to GovernorGenerals and ex-Governor-Generals, by the East India Company, since the act 33d George IIL, chap. 52, include one of 5,000., for 20 years, to Lord Cornwallis ; one of 5,0001, for 20 years, to the Marquis of Wellesley:; one of 4,0001., continued for life, to MIr. Warz en Hastings; one of 5,000!., coiitinued for life, the Marquis of Wellesley; one of 1,5001., froni. May, 1818, during the term of the charter, to Sir G. H.13arlow; and one 5,000., for life, to Viscou~nt Hardinge. The.gratnities granted include 00,000!. to the Sfarqnis of flastings, and 20,&000!. to.the Marquis of WellesleyZ.. ..SpE'xy..OF. (BET Bsrr n~.-The act for the >5tsrvey oL Great BritWn is to continue in force till the end <~ftte y.18-l80. - MEUT.-In the year ended the 31st of Nlarch last 33,524,350 bushels of malt were brought into charge against 35.208,600 in the preceding year, and 41,020,3S1 in the year 1853-54.
L ONDON, flJESDAY, JUNE 17, 1856. In the House of Lords last night, The LoRD CHANCEELLOR brought up HErE MinisuVs message on the Sardinian Loan, which was ordered to be taken into consideration on Thursday next. Tne Earl of Dmuy caRled the attention of the House to the state of our relations with America, and wished. to know what conclusion the Government had arrived at in the present emergency. The Earl of Cr REn-or replied; that the papers laid before the American Senate would be presented officially to the Housewhen the replies of the British Government had been drawn up and returned. In the meantime, however, the nation had a right to know what course the Government intended to take, and therefore he had no hesitation in sayng that it was not its intention to suspend diplomatic relations with the United States. The Earl of DEnRY personally rejoiced to hear this determination, for he thought it was impossible to justify Mr. COnrA ox's conduct; but, at the same timae, we had acknowledged our error at the cost of national humiliation. The Earl of CLARENDONx hoped that the House would. not follow Lord D1'S Bs example in prejadging the case. The matter then dropped. The Joint Stock Companies Bill was then read a second time on a division, in which the numbers were- For the bill ... ... ... 18 Against it ... ... ... ... 5 Iajority ... -13 Some other business was then desp.3tched, after which their Lordships adjourned. The House of Commons having resolved itself into a Committee upon the Qume's message regarding the Sardaiian T oan, The CA.NcELorno of the Excnzqmm explained the circtumstances which had give-n rise to a doubt whether this second loan, though within the spirit, was within the literal terms of the act, and moved a resolution authorizing the Lords of the Treasury to advance 1,OOe,OOOt. to the Sardiniau Government, in accordance with the treaty. The resolution was agreed to. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Lord J. ItftMLr, pursuant to notice, rose to ask explanations from the Government respecting the present state of our relations with the United States. It appeared to him, he said, that the House could
HIER MAJESTY'S Ministers, considering that the Government of the United States had an undoubted right to dlismiss Mr. CiturFrox and the three Consuls, if they had reasons of their own for doing so, have discreetly availed themselves of the same liberty not to dismiss Mr. DAs. The American Government, after long deliberation, has adopted a half-measure, and, as far as a positive act could be qualified by any amount of verbal assurrances and invitations, they have qualified their dismissal of Mr. CRAzIrrON. They have dismissed the Minister, and expressed themselves entirely satisfied with the explanations of the Government which sent him out, which gave him the instructions that led to the present unhappy result, which sent their directions to him throughout, and which declined to recall him when requested to do so. It would be vain to say that we can take these assurances in a simple and natural sense. It is not to be supposed that the American Government does entirely acqiuit us of blame in this affair, or see a distinct* line between the Government and the conduct of the diplomatic agent. For the purposes of conciliation or diplomacy it affects to consider our Government blameless of the excesses charged on its Nlinister. 'What is a concession to peace, even in a diplomatic guise and with a look of insincerity, is an important element of the crisis on which otur Government has just been called to act. Could they with propriety send back the American MIinister, when the American Government had brought themselves to aver that they had on this point no quarrel with oiur Government, but only just cause for offence with its agent ? Could they with propriety suspend diplomatic intercourse with a Government which expressed a strong desire to continue it, notwithstanding alleged provocation to the contrary ? At all events, could they not, without loss of honour, accept the overttures of peace made to soften a painful but inevitable act of offence? 'Undoubtedly the American Government has carefully so put the matter that our dismissal of its Minister would be more than a retaliation. It would be returning the blow, and giving a deaf ear to the mild tones that explained it. We were at liberty either to interpret the hand by the voice, or the voice by the hand. Government has taken the former alternative. It is, after all, the safer course. At this moment it seems hardly the coiuse that might have been expected from a State that had just concluded an honourable peace, after a sanguinary war with the greatest military Power in the world. But even with that Power three short years ago we were parleying in a way that gave little indication of what was to follow. We held ourselves then the more free to act as we might thin], right, because we knew ourselves we were prepared for the worst. Doubtless a full confidence in the courage and resolution of the country has contributed to the pacific choice of our Government. It rightly judges that we can afford to yield, if we can do so without positive dishonour. In both Houses it will be observed that the explanations of HER MAJESTY's Ministers are limited to the more immediate question pressed upon them by the dismissal of oiur Minister. That is the first thing to be considered,-whether or not we shall continue diplomatic relations with the United States through the medium of the gentleman novw representing that Government at our Court ? Neither Lord CELAummoX nor Lord P_itxEasToX says a word on the subject of Central America, really at the bottom of the whole affair. They make no allusion to Mr. MINoYR's refusal of arbitration on the sense of the treaty, and offer of a reference to a scientific authority on some questions of fact. Lord PAxIMSTO, inldeed, assures us that nothing more is intended by the slight addition to otur naval force in that part of the world than to protect British property and subjects, and to prevent needless collision. We shall not, therefore, go int. that matter, except just so much as to express our conviction that, had not the United States' Government come to the conclusion that it was expedient to get rid of the CLSYTON-BUtWEP. Treaty in one way or another, and clear that field for political operations, we should never have heard a syllable of the recruiting question. It is evident that the United States' Government is not very pressing for an immediate solution of the Central American difficulty, considering that just now things are going on favourably for its interests. The recruiting question, however, had ripened to a critical maturity, and could not be postponed. In this emergency the American PREsiDmNT has, perhaps, taken the mildest course that remained, short of giving it up altogether. No doubt, he could hardly have done that without damaging himself and his friends very considerably with his people; and of courso it is not to be expected that an American President should make a martyr of himself for the peace of the world, still less for any consideration to the feelings of England. In saying that the United States' Government has adopted a half-measure, and that our Government has met it more than half way,-in admitting that both sides had a right to do what they have done-the one without giving offence, the other without loss of honour,-we do not for one moment blink; the fact that the result, so far, is anything but flattering to the pride of this country. If there are any people in the United States capable of gratification at the fact, we certainly have been touched in our honour, and we submit with as much grace as we can to what all feel an insult. We have no disposition to slur over that fact, for we are not without hope that the British people will be rather less liable to this species of annoyance for the future. We do not think the people of England will henceforth sit by so quietly while proceedings towhich theyhave the gravest objection, and negotiations of which they have utter distrust, are going on, nobody knows how, under the shield of the Royal prerogative. The honour of England can hardly be said to be in its own keeping, -when month after month its representatives ask, and ask in vain, what has been done, what complaints have been received from other Governments, what answers have been sent, what is the present state of the quarrel, and what its probable conclusion. Throughout the wlhole of this re- cruiting affair, and the correspondence arising out of it, the British public has only known the steps taken by its own Government when the American Government had already acted upon them. We adhere to our opinion, that the American Govermnent has not acted with common generosity in this affair, and that its pretence of lsac Imjestas, or offence against its territorial, sovereignty, is simply got r;p for the occasion. Nevertheless, the common sense of this country would not have allowed Mr. CpATprox to go on, week after week, plunging deeper into a difficulty, at the very moment when there was nothing the American Government so earnestly wanted for Central American purposes. Often and often indeed has the British people been plunged into war or forced to humiliation before they knew what it was all about, and by men whose names had hardly reached them. We cannot but think that the time is going by for this sort of work. At least, if England makes no effort to stop it after the present affair, it deserves the consequences.
We believe that IIE MAJEsTY's Government has anticipated the opinion of the country in deciding not to put a hostile interpretation on the dismissal of BMr. CRsurrox, or to make that step a ground for breaking off all diplomatic communication with the United States. The reason of this resolution it is not difficult to gather. Although accompanied by the highest expressions of courtesy and respect from the United States' Government, by an entire acquittal of our own Government of aU concern in the ground of offence taken against MIr. CAi2Priow, and by the concession on the Central American question involved in the willingness to entertain our offer of arbitration, which has hitherto been summarily rejected, the dismissal of an Ambassador could still be regarded in no other than a hostile aspect, were it not for the weight of the facts and arguments bearing upon the official conduct of Mr. CAsmrrox himself in this affair. For ourselves, while exculpating, as Mr. MARcy does in his letter, our own Government from the charge of intending to violate the United States' law, we have all along felt that it was impossible to answer for what the acts of an individual official in a complicated and distant transaction might have been. It appears from Mr. MAncyus despatch that Mr. CR A-no has not been wholly faultless; that he certainly seems to have taken an active part in proceedings which were pronounced illegal by the United States' Courts; and, what is still more unfortunate, persisted in continuing those proceedings even after this decision against them. We do not doubt Mr. CRATo's fidelity, zeal, and activity in the task which was given him, but he appears to have wanted caution and dignity, and not to have been considerate or particular enough in the means and the instruments which he emiployed for his object. We do not undervalue social and conversational talents in an Ambassador, the ready and good-humoured wit which can answer a conversational attack on his country without offence, and can silence an arguer at a dinner table without biting or stinging him. A man need not be always grave because he may be a plenipotentiary, or because he may be a MIinister at a foreign Court and have important affairs to transact. There are capacities which are useful without bearing immediately upon the subject of a man's mission. Fun is a conciliatory thing, and a goodnatured talker has not only the means of pro. ducing that first favourable impression which is so advantageous in a foreign country, but is in possession of a continual help to dispersing difficulties, smoothing frowns, and parrying assaults. But he has his dangers. It may safely and with perfect certainty be said that an Ambassador ought not to talk too much-for this reason, that one of his principal duties is observation, and the instant a man talks too much he observes too little. A Minister in a foreign country is surrounded by latent punctilios, prejudices, expectations, etiquette, and rights, political and social, which do not cometo light ormake themselves visible except to observation, but which, at the same time, it is most dangerous not to see and to stumble afgainst. A man who has eyes about him and observes, who is ever on the watch for indications and signs of the mind andtemper of those with whom he has to deal, finds out a difficlIty before he knocks his knee against it. A man, indeed, may be a very goodnatured fellow, and even a sharp fellow in his way, but if he is not, habitually and systematically observant the chances are that he gets himself into a mess by coming suddenly across some difficulty that he never thought of, and rubbing against some bristling prejudice or right which he had never a glimpse of till that moment. We do not doubt in the least Mr. CsuarA oN's faithful devotion to his own Government and good intentions towards the Government to which he was sent. But there is such a thing as a careless and undisciplined fidelity, which tells its master, "Oh, trust me; I know " what you want, and I'll do it, and I won't be "cparticular either." There is a fidelity to a master which implies too little self-respect in the servant. Mr. CiuArroTN appears to have wanted self-respect in the kind of persons with whom he connected himself in these transactions and the style of proceeding he adopted, and to have managed the affair on a free and easy principle, never intending, perhaps, really to offend the United States' Government or to violate the United States' law, but simply thinking that " it " didn't signify," that it was of no use sticking at a trifle, and that the United States' Government would never make a fuss about such a little matter. But this was a line unfortunately most unsuitable for dealing with a jealous and ticklish people like our friends across the Atlantic, most tender about their dignity, and on the look out for the slightest indication of a difference of behaviour towards themselves and European Governments. MIr. CrslrroN was certainly not the man to send as Minister to the United States, But the truth is, the United States' is not a favourite Embassy, and it is not very easy always to get the man you want for it. You may offer it to the " proper man," but the proper man won't take it. He does not like to banish himiself from European society, taste, and refinement, and to fix himself among a new and rather rude and uncouth people, who cannot abstain from cudgelling each other in their own Senate-house, and whose ways and habits are very different from ours. Diplomatists are not adventurers; their character is rather the reverse of the adventiurous character. They are the children of civilization and established order-the disciples of system, manners, and etiquette. They prefer Paris, Vienna, or Berlin as an embassy, on the same principle thaf they prefer the society of Elurope to the society of the backwoods. The diplomatist is a delicate article; he does not like rough handling; he likes the smooth security of decorous ceremonial and oily words, intercepting all disturbance, and acting as an infallible breakwater against the violent surge of human passion and petulance. Moreover, diplomatists, like soldiers, sailors, clergymen, lawyers, and, we believe, most other professions, like promotion, and the United States' Embassy, as being a comparatively new creation, lies out of the regular line of embassy promotion. We do not see why these defects in the United States? Embassy should not be remedied, as far as they can be. We cannot make America Europe, or contrive any other way to the United States than across the Atlantic. Nor can we mako a new state of society an old one. But we can, by an arrangement of our own, raise the United States' Embassy to a higher rank, and bring it within the circle of promotion. The rank of an Emba3sy ought to reflect in some degree the power. and resources of the country to which it is attached; and as the United States rise in wealth, population, and political importance, it becomes more and more necessary to secure the services of able men as Ambafsadors there.
We announce with the most cordial satisfaction the safe return yesterday to his native country of General Sir WIr.LAu WrmLY rs of KAs.: It is but the echo of public opinion when we declare that this gallant officer is believed by his countrymen to have displayed higher qualities for military command than any other British soldier engaged in the Russian war. It is not necessary that a military chieftain should be of consummate sklll in managing the details of any particular branch of the service, but, above all things, he must possess I the commanding mind. Fertile in resource, patient in mishap, cautious in defence, daring in attacL, of unflinching purpose, with quick insight into the character of his agents, afic of unbounded influence over all around him, the commander may hope to bring the operations in which he is engaged to a successful issue, but without these qualities special technical sIdll will prove but of little avaiL Stuch a commander as we have endeavoured to shadow forth General Wrumrs has proved himsslf to be. It was his duty in a remote and savage province of the Turkish 'empire to make head against the disciplined armies of Russia. In order to carry out this design he had not even the prerogative of unquestioned command. He had literally to wrest authority from the hands of the Turkish officers before he could exercise it himself. For many long dreary months he was called upon to fight a thanldess battle against the corrupt leaders of the Turkish troops, that he, a foreigner and a stranger, might procure for them food, clothing, and the ordinary munitions of war. Abandoned by the Ambassador of his Government at Constantinople, and separated by many thousands of miles from that authority which could alone sustain him in so precarious a situation, the General contrived to procure that degree of influence which, if it did not enable him to save the citadel and town of Kars, at least prolonged the contest, and saved a province totheTurkishemnpire. IHad General WminAsiS been obeyed, as he would have been obeyed if he had held a legitimate and wellrecognized command, not only would Kars never have fallen, but the Russian armies in Asiatic Turkey would most infalliably have suffered reverses of the most signal kind in that section of their operations. But what was to be done when magazines were not stored, when regiments were thrown into disarray by the peculation and corruption of their principal leaders, and when neither men nor provisions, al-ms nor ammunition, were forthcoming at the proper places and at the proper time? Still, with all its sufferings, and despite of its unfortunate issue, the story of the defence of Kars will always remain a bright page in military history. Day after day and week after week that defence was prolonged, in the face of famine, disease, and despair. General WinaVus took the command of the place with a supply of powder just sufficient for the service of the batteries during four days, had the Russians pursued the system of continuous attack. With this small supply of ammunition he contrived to l;eep the enemy at bay for months, and to defeat them in one regular assault, or rather battle, for the great attack upon Kars had more the character of a battle than of an assault. So great was the confidence which the General inspired in all around him that it seemed as though his own heroic spirit had passed into the breasts of those rude townspeople and irregular troops. At all hours of the day and night, according to the testimnony of those who had an opportunity of watching his behaviour during that memorable siege, Sir Wmu.is WiatLsrs was to be found wherever danger threatened the most, or passing about among the Turkish troops and townspeople, to cheer them up in the midst of their sufferings. However great these might be, he only asked them to endure with fortitude those privations of which he took his o-wn full share. There was no doubt there as to the presence of the General among his troops. The sharp extremities to whicll that heroic garrison was reduced have been narrated elsewhere, and here we have not space to re-enter upon the tale. Our present silence, however, matters the less, as the history of this memorable siege is already known wherever the English language is spoken. Suffice it to say that not all which might have been expected, but more than might have been expected from human nature, was accomplished, until even the sternest heroism was compelled to give way to the certainty of actual starvation. This was a foe against which it was in vain to contend, for an extended circuit around the country was in the possession of the Russian troops; all hopes of relief had gradually melted away; the hearts of all had sickened under the pangs of disappointed hope. At length it became evident that in a few hours longer the firelock must drop from the hands of the exhausted soldier. The ramparts would soon yield a passage to the foe when the defenders were no longer able to strike a blow. Then Kars fell, and even the stubborn enemy with which the garrison had so long contended joined in the chorus of general admiration for so much gallantry and fortitude. Sir WmiLLrr WimriAs has at length returned to us after his great achievement, and we have but little fear that his great qualities will receive from his countrymen their due meed of praise. We are speaking of no ordinary man, but of an officer whose services would have been appreciated by VIA=OROUG}I - or WErI.rNGTON., by CagsAn or the great NKxornoN. England is not un_rateful to those who serve her well.
STATE oF SOCTY RT ADmsEICA.-The brutal assault of Brooks upon Senator Sumner has aroused a deeper feeling in the public heart of the North than any other event of the past 10 years. The great body of the people, withlout distinction of party, feel that their rights have been assailed in a vital poin-that the blow struck nt Sumner takes effect upon freedoms of speech in that spot, where, wvithout freedom of speeeh, there can be no freedom of any kind-and that the liberties of the Republie may well be regarded as in peril when such an act can be perpetrated with imnpunity. Nor is the act itself half so startling as the 3nanner mn which it is received. Half-a-dozen Senators stand by and see one of their number beaten to the earth without lifting a fuger or raising a voice on his behalf. Senator Toombs, always open and frank in the avowal of his opinions, stands* up boldly and shamelessly in the Ssnate Chamber and declares his approval of the deed. SenatorDouglas, witha craven malignity which dare not vent itself in an open endorsement of the act, offers to the Senate and the country the sneaking apology for -his refn8:ng to interfere between an unarmed, defenceless, pinioned a snator and his ruffianly assailant, that he " feared his motives might be misconstrued." Sixty-eight members of the House of Representatives record their names against any i-,quiry into this murderous assault, committed by one of their number upon a member of the co-ordinate branch of the national Legislature. Oficenolders under the President of the UTnited States taerpaias to express tacit approval of the act: the Executilve organ fails to ansver it: a Senate committee disclaims all jurisdiction in the case; the Governor of South Carolina heads a subscription for a testimonial of marked approbation to tho perpetrator of the assault; and the whole pro-slavery press of virginia, South Carolina, and other Southern States bursts into a chorus of savage exultation, and calls loudly for a repetition of the assault upon other representatives of northern principle and Northern States. These things take this instance of brutality out of the ordinary categorv. They make it impossible to regard it as one of those outbreaks of passion for which no one is responsible but the individual, and which all unite to reprobate and deplore. They snow that a large, powerfal, and politically dominant portion of the American people approve and adopt it, and avow their determination to use force as a means of compelling assent to their political views and acquiescenc i their politcal demands. . Brute force is thus distinctly and openly adopted by the advocates and champions of slavery as a weapon of political wafareas a means of Congressional inluence-as a mode ofsilencing opposition and compelling assent, suite as legitimate as argument or eloquence, or any of tne more common-placo resorts of Parliamentary debate. It is n6t at all su4risnmg that such a demonstration should have startled the public sense of the North, and led to an outburst of eloquent and indignant protest. It is by far the most alarming of tho many portents that have darkened our political sky within the past few yearg. It points directly to civil war as the i only issue of pending political controversies.-Ns York 2'imu*.
i - OYA-75 IT2AZAK OPER.p Don Gioanni was played last night, fothe th& timne this season. It Ws surmised that this masterpiece wouldd ls mnuch of its effect on the confined stage of the lyceum. The result has proved the contrary, however; Mozart's music is good anywhere, and smts all places, as itis in every probability destined to suit all ages. The melodies alone would suffice to enchant any civilized audience. No wonder then that the opera should have been just as successful as it ever was in the old and less circumscribed abode of the Royal Italian Opera, and the performance of last evening the most rational, delightful, and thoroughly musical of the season. It is a property of this trmly astonishing work that so long as the ensemrle is good, so long as the orchestra is efficient, and the singers generaly are well acquainted with their parts (and these conditions are seldom wanting where hr. Costa has control), a first-rate cast of aU the dramnatis persontw, however desirable, is not absolutely indispensable. This was shown on the present orcasion. Our opinion of Signor Ronconi's Don Giovanni has been more than once recorded, and we find no reason Lo change it. We have said, and we repeat, that while Ronconi is undoubtedly the most versatile artist on the Italian stage, excelling to an equal degree in tragedy and comedy-comprehending, indeed,in theunprecedentedli5t ofcharacterswhichmak-eupjis r2eprtoirc, the whole range from lofty opera. scria to the lowest extravagances of o0pera buffa-nature has denied him, both physicaly and mentally, the qualifications necessary for the impersonation of that brilliant profligate whom Mozarts music has immortalized. Ronconi can play-aye, and in spite of his personal appearance, even "look" a king; but he can neither p'ay nor look like Don Giovanni. The more's the pity. We wish he could-since then we should have a fairer chance of hearing oftener the greatest chef-dceurrc of dramatic music. The truth is we have had no real Don Giovanni for the last quarter of a century. Tamburini himself, while approaching nearer to the standard than any of his cont6mporaries, did not exactly attain it. Of aU characters this is the most difficult. It demands a combination of qualities that are rarely found, and for -whichlwe may long look in vain. But, as we have hinted, in the absence of an ideal Doy Giovan-i (such as x. Oulibicheff-Mozart's most enthusiastic biographer-has imaginatively sketched) there is that .n the music which carries all before it, and will invariably delight quan2d mgme. So it was last night. Let it be understood that we are not cavilling at the general distribution of the characters. On the contrary, it would not be easy, as times go, to project one more efficient. Madame Bosio's Zerlina is charmning in all respects-charming as an unaffected and truthful delineation of the half innocent, half coquettish peasant girl, who while she really loves Masetto, is by no means averse to the admiration of the courtly cavalier-and still more charming on account of the exquisite purity with which the music is given. "Batti, batti"1 and " Vedrai carino" were both encored last night, and, which is more worth stating, were both sung to perfection. Mademoiselle Marai, too, is amost interesting and at the same time clever and intelligent Elvira. Her music-which&is among the most arduous and difficult in the opera-was executed with the taste and correctness of a trne artist. To have done with the cast of former seasons, let us mention Signor Polonini as stiU the best acting and singing Masetto on the stage; and Signor Tagliafico, whose rendering of the sublime music of the Commendatore, in the last fina?e, when the statne comes to snp with the devoted libertine, it would be impDssible to surpass. Signor Gardoni-now that Tamberlik is gone, and Mario, we regret to find, has abandoned the part-appeared as Don Ottavio. Under the circumstances there was no cause to complain. The author has painted Anna's lover in rather insipid colours; and but for Mozart he would be a nonentity. The duet in the first scene, and the magnificent "fl mio tesoro" (to say nothing of the rest), would make a hero of even less genial a personage than DonOttavio. Signor Gardoni sang both well, but especially the latter, which was loudly encored. For reasons best known to himself, however, he declined to repeat it. Herr Formes made his first appearance this season, and under favourable auspices, since Leporelo is one of his most graphic and powerful impersonations. His is the German reading of the character, and, as we have often suggested, the only true one. In the first act, and in the opening scenes of the second, herepresents Leporello inmuch the same light as his Italian predecessors and contemporaries; but inthe scene of the cemetery, where the invitation to the statue is given and accepted, and in the catastrophe, which Mozart has illustratedl by the most wonderfully impressive and terrible music that ever fell from his pen, Herr Formes, witl a just conception of the meaning both of author and composer, drops the levity and buffoonery of the unscrupulous confidant, annd assumes a wholly [opposite demeanour. The las scene of the German b?sso, whenLeporello encounters the statue at the door, and subsequently endeavours to dissuade his master from accepting the proffered hand of this unexpected guest, is both from a dramatic and musical point of view quite masterly. The part of Donna Anna wasundertakenbya dibuktantsMadame Rosa Devries, who comes to us with a considerable reputation from the United States. Madame Devries is no novice on the stage, although she has few pretensions (at least, if we may judge from last night's performance) to the title of a tragic actress. Her Donna Anna was a somewhat quiet and apathetic revelation. She executed the music, however-both concerted and solo-with anl the faciity, point, and emphasis of one to whom it has long beerc familiar. The grand scene and a'ia (" Or sai che rindegno"), wvhere Donna Anna narrates to Ottavio the outrage of Don Juan, was an extremely clever though by no means a great performance. The trio of the masques, in the firs nlflea, was still better. Here the upper tones of Madame Devries' voice-a clear-toned legitimate soprano-were heard to much advantage, and, as the singing of Madamoiselie Marai and Signor Gardoni was equally good, the result was a unanimous encore. On the whole the impression produced by the new comer was decidedly favourable. Ievertheless, with Grisi and Jenny Ney in the company, it was odd that a Dona Anna should have been sought for out of the theatre. To the encores we have enumer ated must be added the duet " La ci darem la mano," by Madame Bosio and Signor Ronconi. The opera is, as usual, got up with care. Mr. Beverley has supplied one or two beautiful scenes; and to give additional importance to the tab7eau of the ball the minuet was danced by Madame Cerito and AL Desplaces. The orchestra and chorns were admirable.
AIRS. ANDERSO1VS CONCERT. The annual concert of Ms. Anderson, pianist to the Queen, took- place yesterday afternoon in FHer Majesty's Theatre. There was a brilliant and fashionable attendance. The concert -was on a grand scale, the yrogramme including the names of, all the principal singers in Mr. Lumley's company, together with the band and chorus of the establishment, under Signor Bonetti. Much to the satisfaction of her friends ani patrons, Mlrs. Anderson (who has recentlv abstained from the arena of public performance) appeared on her own account at this concert, and by her execution of the first movement of Hummel's pianoforte concerto in A minor (with orchestral accompaniments) proved that she had lost none of those good qualities for which her playing was wont to be distinguished. She was warmly applauded at the conclusion. The vocal selection comprised by far too many pieces to be noticed in detail; we must therefore be content to name the best, and those which produced the most effect. "Deh vieni," from Fi,asro, sung by Madame Novello in a manner that wanted nothing buta more refined calenza at the end to be perfect, was encored. So was the duet fromLaTraviata, " Parigi cara," by Mademoiselle Piccolomini and Signor Casolari, which needs no description. "Dunque lo son," boy Madame Alboni and Signor BeDetti, was sinilarly compliniented; and "Non pin mesta," although it came near the termination of the concert, was encored with acclamations. Madame Alboni has rarely executed this sparkling air riac with more wonderful finish. As an. example of pure and artistic singing, indeed, it was the capital point of the concert. Music so genuine and healthy of its kind, especiaDly when adornedbyvocalization so faultless as that offadame Alboni, must always he welcome. Thelast encore we have to record was obtained by Mademoiselle Joanna Wagner, who gave Schubers well-known bass song, the " Wanderer" (in the original language), with profouna sentiment, making a point at the end of every cadepce, investing almost every phrase with even more than its proportionate value, dwelling on each prominent note with clinging fondness, and, in short, presenting the audience with a specim'en of that too earnesA, careful, and long drawn out expression which, by the apostles of a certain school of modem Germany, is regarded as tho ne pluzs ultra of musical declamation, but which to the uninitiated sometimes incurs the risk of being questioned as artificial and monotonous. There were, also, several vocalperformances which,though very good, were not ask-ed for twice-a fact of which we wiU be bound to say no one in the house was likely to complain. Amon" these was the popular ouartet from Bigoletto, extremely wevi sung by Madame Novello, Signor Calzolari, SignorBeneventano, and Mademoiselle Finoli-to which we chiefly call attention on account of the last-mentioned artist, a young ddbstante with a pleasing contralto voice and prepossessing appearance, who may possibly one day do service to the theatre. A duet from the VfEpres Sicilicncs was given with a degree of refinement by Madame Albertini and Signor Baucard6 (especially by the lady, whose seca t'cC was delicious) that merited unqualified praise. Nor must we pass unnoticed our own countryman, MIr. Charles Braham, who has returned from Italy, not only wit.h his voice (one of the most legitimate and beautifuil tenors we know) wholly unimpaired, hut with a style of singing so subdued and in every respect imprbved that it was not easy to recognize the unpolished beginner of some time ago. It is to be hooed that Mr. Charles Bra'ham (who is, we believe, engaged A Eler Majesty's Theatre) may have one or two operas as completely at command tbroughout as he has got the air "La mia letizia," from I Lemnbard-i. One of the most graceful performances of the concert was that of Herr Reichardt, in " Dalla sna pace"-the song which-the majority of the impersonators of Don OttaVio so injudiciously omit from Don Giovanni. Possini's ;La Carita" was undertaken by att the principal singers, together -with the chorus; gij4j  often haappens und;r sn'D1 extraordinary _rc ustaneu, &dteuntion was very badis bdalnmost as" God Save the Queen,' which, once or tWIce in the season, enjoys simlar adante. There wore three instrumental solos-on the violin, by Rerr Remeyni (Paganini's Vitcheks' Dance-or at least & version of it); on the pianoforte, by Mr. G.usins (fantasix onL;aXra-rtWet); and on the flnte, by Mr. Itichnrdson. The last w rimmensely applauded, and with good reason, since more accurate and brilliant execution has rarely beon heard; it is doubtfuJ, indeed, whether any contemporaiy flaatist can surpass Mr. Richardsonin surenessoftmechanism and general command of the instrument. The last two peces were the prettyGipsy chorus fromWeber's Preciosa; and the march from l&endelssohn's Mifsumrnc, Hit81W. ILm-" old version." -And now We have only tothank . Andersonfor one of the most attractive concerts ofthe season.
PABLrAAFE1 TAzY OTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. TursDAy. Juiz 17. ORDERS OF IDAY. e r a a5 O-CIOCt Pelea reserration {(Ireland) Bill,-Committse. Lunatic Asylunm (Ireland) (No. -I) Bm-Secondreadiag. Grand J*nesBill-third reading. xoNc=Cs O' X07orSo. AtI2 o'cock. Mr. Brady.-On motion forgoing into comtmittee on Pe Prerer. vation (Ire.and) Dll, to move that this Hoase will this day ix months re3olve itself into the said committee. In oDmmittee on Peace Preservation (Ireland) lull.- nh,r eirs !0.a1sea 1, leava oat "third, fourthL fifth, Sixth, seventh, eighth,- Mr. Isaac Butt, -To move the following clause,-Provided always that within one week after the passing of this act there shall be laid before beth Hlonses of Parliment. if Parliament be thenL sitting, a statement of alU counties, baronies, or other distxicts in Ireland, in which any procamation under this act, or ths said recited act, or any act continng sao, shall then be n force,mtlogether ith1 the date and other particnlars of sncliproclamation; and that on or before the 25th of Februar'y o every year. while this act shaU be in force, if Parliament be then sitting, and, if not, within one week after the next assembling of Parliament. there shaU be laid before both Honses of Parliament a similar statementof the districts in vhich any such proclamation shall then be in force, and alsD n statement of all proclamations or notioes wlhich shaU have been issued or revolred after the praing of this act, and which shaU not have been incladed in any previons statement, and also, in like manner, a statement showing the revocations by the Lurd-identenant of any licenses to caryarms, which have been or shall be granted to any person, with the names and residences of such persons, and the date of the license and revocation. Clause 4. page 2, line 13, sfter " continue in force" leave OuLt to thxe end of the clause, and inser'rt " for two Years after the passing of the same. At the Evening Sitting. Mr. H. Baring,-To ask the Underofecritaryfor War whether themr wouldbe any objection to direct that the entry of the brigade of Guards into London. on theirretmrn from the Crimea. shal he fixed at sach an hour of the day that the publiemay haTe an opportmity of testifying the sense they entertain of the services of those troops ? Mr. Vhiteside.-TD ask the Chancellor of the Excheqiuer nhether. on the termination of the present agreementirith Mfessrs. Becon and. Petchfor printing and gunmmg the postage labels, it is the intentibin of Her AMajesty's Govemment to give public notice calling for tenders of contraet for printing and gumming the same or to renew the arrangementheretofore made with Mlessrs. Bacon andPetch 7 r.W. Ewaot,-To inquire of the Lord Advocate, whether any WIf wilibeintroducedfor xteqnding and reforming th)oystem of municipal elections in the burgha of Scotland 7 Major Reed,-To ask the hon. menmber for Invernesshire, whether, after the discussion which has already talken place and the opinions generally expressed, as to the inexpedfiency of discussing (pending negotiations betwecn this country auLd the United States) any question conmected wvith the differences unfortunately existing.between the two countries, he stil intends bringing forward his motion on Thursdaynext t is Wise,-Tio ask the Plresident of the Board of Health, whether it isthe intention of Her Mdajesty's Government to proceed -with thar Mfedical Practitioners Bill, as amended by the select committee, during tne Drsnt s3in th WStWealole,-t a humble addre.s be preaented to Her Majesty, rosying that Her Majesty -wi hbeo gradclons pleased to'direct that stch modifications may be made inthe ruse of the naltional system of education in Ireland as vwi extend the advantages now enjoyed by non-vested schools to any other than vested schools novr existing, or hereafter to be established, whatever their regulations maybe as to the mode of religious instruction; provided that no children shaU be compeUed to learn any catechism. creed, or formutisy to which any Darent or guerdian may objeet; and provided that the ratonsshall ob ilingto place such schools in conmexionwiith thn Barrd, to permit the Beard's control over boolis to be used in general instruction, and to rewive officaly the visits of the Governnent inspectorm, Mr. Kennedy,-As an amendment to Mr. Walpole's motion, to move to leave out from the irst word "That," to the end of the question, in ordler to add the words, " while this H1ouse feels it to be its duty to facilitate the extension of tbhose advautagesnow enjoyed by schools in connexion with the Board of National Education in Ireland to other suitable schools now existing or hereafter to be established, it feels it to be equally a duty to express its conviction that no such extension can be carried into effectual operation unless it be expcitly avowedand clearly understoodin each such school open to children of different religious denominations thait no attempt siall be made to indflence or disturb the peculiarreligious tenets of any sect or denomination of Christians, and that the rules thereinu be so explicit as to remnve aU grounds for apprehending any suchinterference vith their religious peinnples." Sir J. Wabnsley.-Billfortbeextension of the franchise, andfor the amendment of the representation in England and Wales. Mlr. locke ing,-That this House will resolve it3elf into a committeegt consider of a humble address to Her Majesty, praying that shbe wil be graciously pleased to take such measures as may seem most expedient to cause an edition of the Statutes at large to be weprepd, includng all publi general statutes and parts ofstatutes in ftoe, and ointting all such statutes and partsof statutes as are expired or have been expressly or virtually repealed; and that, in the place of the statutes or parts of statutes thus repealed, there be inserted tho tites of t-he statutes repealed, the nreeective numbers andI abstracts of the clauses repealed, with a reference in the margin to the statuteshby which they are repealed, with the view of hereafter forming ans nuthentic edition: and to assure Her Mfajesty that this House will malke good whatever expense Her 3ajesty may think proper to be incurred on that aocount. ViLcount Ebrington -To move the following resolutions:- That the long-continued excessive mortality of the British arny has been mainly caused by the bad sanitary condition of their barrack nccommodation That this Houiehasbiewedvith satsfaion theeffort; of successive Govemments, aided by Parliamentary grants, to improve the moral, intelectual, and physical condition of the British soldier, and is encouraged by the happy results of such efforts and grants to hope much from a continuance and further extension of the same; That much still remains to be done with regard to barrack accommodation-frstly, for its inerease, with a view to the disoontinuance cfthepre5ent practice of billeting, as being alike oppressive to .the civilan and demoraliming to the soldier; and, secondly. for its improvement, both as regards the healthy accommodation of the troops m general, and the decent accommodation of the married soldiers. That, in the opinion of this House, such increase and improvement are imperatirely called for, not le3s by good policy and true economy than by justice and humanity. Viscount Raynham,-Select committee to inquire into the condition and ad-aiaistration of thoe metropolitan workhouses, and into the arrangements made and carried out by the parochial authorities for giving relief to the poor inthe metropolis. Mr. Ewart,-Address for returns of the names, with their ranl and regiment (or corp). of all officers in the army who remained in the Crimea from the firstlandingthere till the end of the war; Of the names, wvith their rank and regiment (or cOrpsl, of all offdGers who,arriving at3 any periodaaft.er hthfe >dm1lean@ding, eremained in the Crimea; And, of the names, with their rankc and regiment (or corpdl of iti ohdGcers wvholeft the Crsimea before the end of the wara, with-the dato of their arrivalithere and departure, and the causes of tuch departure. Mr. Bland,-Returns reLpectingunion vorkhouses in Irelaid. Mr. Gurney.-Address for return of the names of all-Jersons convicted of murder, or attempts to murder, attended by 4angerous bodiy injry, n each of the last 10 years; distinguishing in each case whetber the sentence of death was passed or recorded, and the execution, commutation, or pardon, aa the case may be; also, as far as can be shown, whether the person murdered or attempted to be murdered war related, and in what degree, to the convict, and whether such relationship was legitimate or otherwise, and the age of such person murdered or attempted to be murdered; Sim8narreturn for Scotland and Irland. Mr. Whiteside,-Return for each year commencing the 5th of April, ]846, to the oth of April, 1S56, of the amount expenaded for producing stamped postage envelopes, classed under the following heads :-hachinery, paper, salaries, wages, folding, hands, and all other contingencer. Return, showing how niuch per 1,t00,00 the said envelopes cost, including any percentage allowed upon the sale of them. Return. showing from similar particulars or contract price, how much tho postage Labels cost: also, tho amount received for penny and other postage stamps sold in the years ending the 31st of Dfcomber, 1853, 18J4, and 1855. respectively; also the amoumt received for penny receipt stamops sold in the years ending the 31st of December, 154 and 1855. Ahso. the name ornames of the party orparties who receive the whole or any part of the sum of " 43,000 for the manufacture of a new postage stamp for the conveyance of newspapers, as stated in the miscellaneous estimates of the present yesrto have been paid in155. And, oDpies of any contraeta or agreements entered into by the Commoissioners of Inland Revenue for manufacturing orfoldmng the stamped postage envelopes, and for printing and gumming the receipt labels since the commencement of thosesystems, and of any pubic notice callig for tenders for snuc printing and gumming, given to thetrade, prreviously to such contract or agreement being made. Mr. BlaCi,-On motion for second rending of Railway and Canal Toaifc BiU,to move that it be read a steond time npon this day eix months. OlRDiE OF TIIE DAY. (At the Evening Si;ting. Railway and Ca;nal Traffic Bill-Second Rea-Ding. Judges and Chancelors Bill-Second Reading. Sardinian Loan-Report. Supply-Report. Survey of Great Britain, c., Bill-Committee.
MONEY-MARKETand CITYINTELLIGEBirCB. MondAy Emring. The prevalence of an opiniOn that Mr. DalWas will not be dismissed by the English Government caused the funds to open this morning at an improvement of nearly three-eighths per cent., which was steadily maintained throughout the day, a fur- i ther advance of an eighth being established after regular hours, when the course intended to be adopted by Lord Palmerston became generally known. The news fiom Nicaragua, that no interference had been attempted by the British naval force at the mouth of the River San Juan, likewise contributed to the feeling of confidence. Consols, 'which left off on Saturday at 93g to 94 ex. dividend, were first quoted 941 to , and remained without any material variation up to the official ternmination of business. At a later hour transactions took place at 94a to A. Consol Scrip closed 2: to g premium Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94g- to A; New Three per Cents., 941 to 95; Exchequer-bonds, 99, to J; and Exchequer-bills, 7s. to 10s. premiui. The foreign stock-market exhibited firmness, although the transactions were not extensive. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99ir, J, and i for money, and 100 and 100g for the account. In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed purchases toot place at 103X, ., and i. The other operations comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 101; Mexican Three per Cents., 22E; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for account, 'i8- and ; the Three per Cents., for account, 55; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 9Si ; Sardinian Five per Cents., for money, 91k; for the account, 92 and 92k; Spanish Three per Cents., for money, 17ij; for the account, 47R; the New Deferred, for account, 24; and Spanish Certificates, 60 per cent. In the corn-market this morning the advance. of Friday was fully maintainaed, the rates being 2s. higher than those of this day week. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 7If. for money and '1f. 40c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of between an eighth and a quarter per cent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the markets are inactive. The reports from the manufacturing toowns for the past week indicate little alteration in the state of trade. At Manchester the market was heavy at the commencement, but it ultimately acquired steadiness, and quotations are unchanged. The Birmninglhamadvicesshowthat iron is still tendingr downward, but that it is doubted if any attempt to establibh a reduction at the next quarterly meetings will be successfiLl, the leading houses having a fair amount of employment, and the expectations of the future being favoiurable, especially if the American difficulty should pass over. W'ith regard to the general trades of the place, the foreign orders are small, but the home and Australian demand continues to improve. At Nottingham the transactions have been limited. In the woollen districts there has been a slight increase of business, and prices are firm. The Irish linen-market maintains a healthful and active appearance. The specie brought by the Canada from New York is 10S,000l., and it is stated that a larger sum was to be sent by the next packet. The commercial advices on this occasion are satisfactory, no apprehensions being entertained of serious results from the disnissal of Mlr. Crampton. The bank returns for the week wvere less unfavourable, and the prospects of the stock-market were good. The feeling with regard to internal politics, however, was very strong, and the recent outrage on MIr. Sumner was still produciug a great effect in increasing the indignation of the North against the South. Erie Railway was quoted 57k; Reading, 90; Panama, 100J; and Illinois Central Bonds, S7i. The accounts from MIexico by the present packet are to the 22d of MIay. General Comonfort, the President, had expelled the Archbishop of Puebla, a man of great influence and wealth, for complcity in the recent attempt at revolution and for endeayouring to create new disturbances. Congress was in session, and the members were generally disposed to strong democratic measures. Senor Payno had resigned his post as MIinister of Finance, owing to some mnisunderstanding, and Don Miguel Lerdo y Tejada had been appointed his successor. Don Juan Soto was to be Minister of War, audGeneralAlmonte was to be sent as Minister to England. The letters from Lisbon to-day express a belief that the anrangement with the foreign holders of Poituguese bonds will be confirmecl. MNr. Howard, the British Mlinister, had addressed a note to the new Premier, the Marquis de Loul6, urging upon hinm in the strongest manner the necessity of declaring in the programme of his Cabinet their intention to carry out the recent agreement. The reply of the MAarquis was believed to have been very satisfactory, the report being that he expressed an oDinion, both forhimself and his colleagues, that the arrangement must be confirmed, and that nio 3Iinistrv could exist on any other condition. According to indirect advices from China, brought by the last overland mail, dated from Shanghai the 16th of April, and consequently six days later than those previously received, silver was again more scarce, and the exchange had advanced to Gs. 7d. A rumour prevailed that the rebels -were menacing Soochou, but it was not credited. It had, however, sensibly interfered with the opium and import markets. Silk had experienced a further advance of $10, and was coming down very slowly from the coiuntry, where prices were said to be higher than at Shanghai. From Hongkong the dates are to the 21st of April, when the rate of exchange remained at 5s. The bar silver broug-ht by the last West India steamer has been sold at 61) d. per ounce, being an advance of id. on the price realized for that by the previous packet. TelegraDhic advices from Naples datec4 yesterday confirm the report in the second edition of The Times of Saturday, that the permission to export wheat is to be continued till the 15th of July, without alteration of duty. Telegraphic despatches from Marseilles to-day report a further advance in grain, and state the -weather to be variable. It was mentioned on Thursday that some of the boxes brought by the last West India steamer, purporting to be filled with gold, were found to contain only lead and shot. The amount of the fraud was about 9,0001.; and the following letter from the Consul of New Granada gives the details of the case, and announces the capture of the delinquents and the recovery of a large portion of the treasure - " Sir,-With reference to the robbery of gold in New Granada, alluded to in the city article of The Times of Thursday last, I beg to inform you that the robbery was planned and. e:ecuted in Medellin, and not in Carthagena. The delinquents are three persons, one of whom isan official in the post-office in Medellin, to which establishment all treasure remittances are delivered for transit by the Governmnent to the coast, and it was discovered by means of another clerk in the office, -whom the thieves were not able to bribe to silence. Upon this person giving information to one of the persons who had sent specie, a meeting of the principal merchants in eddllin wsas immediately held, and the Governor of the city applied to, who caused two of the arties implicated to be arrested, and found in the garden of the honse of one 701h. weight of gold, and in that of the other 331b. The other personbhadnot been found when the post left, but there is great reason to hope that he would soon be detected, and the remaining portion of the gold recovered. The discovery was made at midnight, and the thieves captured and gold received -within six hours. II As this information is derived from the letter of my correspondents in Medellin, I have thought it might be interesting to lay it before vou. "I am, Sir,your obedient servant, "Per A. MONTOYA, Vice-Consul, -Pro J. MwOroYA, Consul. "Consulate of New Granada, June 16." The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have com,ri6ed four vessels-one for Port Philip, one for Saydney, one for New Zealand, and one for Launceston-with an agg,regate capacity of 2939 tons. The rates of freight exhibit a tendency to increased firmness. The following are from nining companies "WYMIC. UlAND SOU ABERICAN CoMPrANY. The directors have received advices frora their smelting establishments in Chili to the 2d of May. The William Marsland had just arrived at Herradura, where she is to load a cargo of copper regulus. Tho Chaucer sailed from Caldera on the 2d of May with 32S tons of copper regulus, and the Prima Donna was to leave the same place in a few days with about 290 tOns of coor regus. "Thedirectorshave received advices from hIr. Greig, dated the 21st of May, stating that on the 15th he bad determined to fitop the engine and have her thoroughly cleaned. by tne time Casptain Tregoning and his men came back fron Cdol, as it aas clear the constant stoppags arose fro. the dirty state she was in. The fixing of the third boiler and. the nialing the railroad were nearly completed. That s vein had been discovered about 3 feet wide from wall to I,al, wnere be wati y M0r. Alexander he' wofit fali in with souiething good; and from what he could see theri was every promise of- a - conitinuance of good results when .be xail'wascowjpleted andth.tstamps at Works aga*inhijc should be pushed on as'fast aa possible; that the I;ealth,of the place.was good; that. he could not say thequknti*j of gold returned since last-mnail, as he has each'dayis us Inercury, and has kept -adding the-amualgam daily, in orderi-'t lave a sufficient quantity to distil one time;-alio us be preferred handing it over- a3 it was to the caPtain;. an) hIr. Cowan, the company'a .,agent at Colon, writm en tht 24th of May, says,-' Captamn Tregoning and his'. m'ei.'rqturned to the mines on the 22d; after two weeks' s'ojoirs they have all recruited anfd'gone back in eool health! 7
HER COsY TRADE. CORN-EXCEANGE, MLRK-LANE. JuxE 16. The arrivals of wheat and beans were moderate, being short of allother grai, and abundant in flour. The exports were 1,210 quarters of wheat, 150 quarters of beans, and 70 sacks of flour. The native wheat was 6,650 quarters, the foreign 11,394 quarters, including 3,000 quarters from Cronstadt, and a similar quantity of Egyptian. The morn. ing's supply was rather deficient, especially from Kent, but the late advance, with briliant weather, produced a quiet trade, though at 2s. improvement on former rates. More was doing in foreign, at nearly the same advance. Of flour from the country there were 14,197 sacks ; from the Peninsula 4,328 sacks ; and from New York 10,926 barrels. This quantity, coming in light stocks, did not prevent a rise of 2s. per barrel on Norfolks, the top price of which reached 52s. Spanish and American were also fully Is. per sack and barrel dearer. Town-made remained fixed at 65s. Of barley there was only a small cargo of Danish-vi-. 440 quarters, with 786 quarters native-grown. The scarcity enhanced the value of all kinds fully Is. per quarter. Malt has found a better sale, at a rather improved value. Oats in all were 17,371 quarters, including 10,368 quarters foreign and 4,900 Irish. The scarcity enabled factors to obtain Is. per quarter more generally, but the increased rates checked free sales. Another large cargo of Alexandrian beans comprised nearly the whole of the foreign supply-viz., 2,690 quarters, the English being 801 quarters. This grain continued its npward tendency, and is. more per quarter was realized. All the peas were but 102 quarters, and boilers in granary were consequently held at full prices. No linseed arrived, but 2,180 quarters were shipped away Prices were well kept up by the activity of trade, cakes re. maining saleable. Canary, hemp, and mustard seed were but slow sale. Rapeseed, coriander, and caraway as before. In cloverseed and trefoil nothing passing. AccOuzt of Corn arrived in Loudon from June 9 to June 14. Wheat. B arley. Oats. ! Beaw. Peas. I Flour. CUEREBT PRICES OF BRITISH GRARi AXND F,OUR IwN ALARK-LAZKE. Shillings per quarter:' Wheat-Essex and Kent, white, new . 65 to 75 extra, - to S0, Ditto, red, new ....... .. 66 - 70 - - 77 Norfolk, Lincolnshire, and Yorkshire red, new ... 64-69 - - 74 Barley-Malting, new . 40 - 42 Che-alier * 42 - 44 Distillnug * 37 - 40 Grinding H 33 Malt- Essex, Norfolk. and Suffolk . 73-75 --- 81 Kingston, Ware, and town-mado .. 73 - 75 --81 Brow.n 6S5-6 - - Rye-..40 Oats- Englishfeed . 24 - 26 Potato 2S-28 Scotch feed . .26-23 'Potato ..... .. .. .. . . 27 29 Irish feed, ..2e7.- 26 Isfo,white ...... .. .23-24 fine--26 Ditto black.. 21 22 ,, --24 Beans- Mlazagan .37- 39 Ticks". .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 36-39 Piarrow ....3.. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3S-41 Pigeon. - 45 Peas- Whbite hollers .. .. .. .. .. .. 43 - 48.. MIaple . . 41 - 43 Gray.. 37 - H Plcur- Town-made,persk.2601b.,Househds. 62 fine 64- 67 Country .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 52 - 53 Ditto, households 54 - 57 Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship. 51- 52 FoREIGN GRAIN. Shilig per uarter. Wlieat-Dantlic, mixed S to 86 high mixed - - Sie. 2509 Ktonigsberg .. 82-8 .. _ -8 Rostock. new.. 76-77 sine o--0 --88 American. white 68-74 red .. .. 64-63 Pomers., Mleckb., andUckermk., red 78 - 79 73 - 82 Silesian, red .. '2 -74 white . .76 -78 Danizh & olsein 622-766 64-GS Odessa, St. Peters- burg,&Riga .* 60-62 fine 64- 6 Barley-Grinding.H3 - 37 O Distillng .37 -39 Oats- Dutch, brew. and Polands . . 27-29 Ditto, feed . . 226 Danish and swedish feed . . 23-26 Stralsund .26 - 2 Beans- Fresland and Holstein 3- 39 Konigsberg . . 37 - 4 Peos-.inE 31 - 32 Fine blers. 3-33 Indian.Cr-ht .. .. .. .32 - H3 Yellow ~~~~32 -as Flonr- SDanish, per sack - -* - 82-57 Amercan, sour, per barrel 3nominal . 3 7 Ditto, sWeet, ditto 33 - 41 BRITISH SEEDS. Tares, winter, per bushel .7s. Gd.- 6 CoriAnder, per cwt. 20 - 24 Caraway. per ewt., new. .. .. . 50 - - Canary. per qr.883- 60 Inseed, per qr., sowing, Ms.; crushing . 8 - H3 Cakse,per ton .. 13 293 0 Rapeeeed,per qr., new .88- . 9 Cake, per to n.r. 610 7 0 Tares, per bushel . .. . .. 6d.G-s Hempseed, per qr-Smal . . 56- - Coriander, per ewt. 56 - Caraway 42-46
| IMIETROJ3OLITAN CATTLE-dAIfRKET, June 16. The arrival of cattle and eheep into the port of London from tho continent during the Past week has been very limited. Tho Custom-house retuan gives an entry of 18 oxen and cows, 352 calves, 7 pigs, and 1,568 sheep, making a tot3l of 1,945 head. The supply of meat at this market to-day was larger than of late, and the weather naving proved warm thera appeared lees inclination on the part of the butchers to Purchase, and the sales proceeded slowly at a reduction in prices of from 2d. to 4d. per stone. Tho supplies of beef reachedwithin a fraction of 4,000 head of beasts, the sale of which was attended with a fall of 4d. per stono of 81b. Mlutton and lamb were in plentiful supply,the total number being 24,500. The demandproved slacsf for both kinds of mteat, and price had to be reduced 2d. per stone for both. Veal and pork likewise met with a Elower rale, at a decine of 2d. per s!nOe. Comparative Statement of Price, and Supply of Cattle at Market, Thi sdav Mosd-sr T,,n- f3 I na
- RAILtWAY INTELLIGENCE. !AtirR AND- LIEGE AITD MONS AND MNA(R. The report .of the directors of this company stated that the grbss 'redeipts of the line for the sLx months htaje amounted to 23,171., against .20,M34I. in the corresponding period of 1855, being an increase of 11-2 per cent. - The followink figures .showthe developement of the coal. and goods traffic:-in 1851, 3S8,014 tons; in 1852.435,930 tons; in 1853 502.588 tons ; in 1854, 580,613 tons ; and in 1855, 634,744 tons. In corisequence of the highprices of coke and stores the expenses stilli-maintain a high ratio, being for the traffic charges 10,5841., or at the rate of 45-G per cent., to which have to be- added office and - other expenses'I.145t.,or at the rate of 49 per cent., making a total of :50-5 per cent. on the receipts. The Belgian Eastern Junctigh (Manage to -Wavre) at present yields. a small traffic, which is increasing, and may ]?rove of great ahofneiit. The Malns and Haunmont line, now 3n course of constraction, will, in allTprobability, be opened for traffic in the course of ext year, and, largely increase the traffic-of the 6nuk anid Lanagc line. In addition to these favourable prospects the number of -factories and mills in the vicinity of the line,is continually inereasing. An additional income may.'be' looked forivard'to of 2,0001. or .3,0001. a-year in consequence of a recent decison to the effect that companiesare entitled to charge for loading and unloading-of' all goods on their lines. Tho. receipts for the first quarter bf the puoaeat year show an- angmeintation of 1,G801. as compamed with the corresponding period of 1855. The net revenue for the half-year amounted to 11,4467., to -which is to be idaed 391. from the preceding half-year, malding 11,4861., from vhich is - deducted 5;s771. interest on preference shares,' leaving an available surplus of 5,6091. Oat .of this sum it is, proposed to declare a dividend of 4f. per sharo on 26,595 original shares, amount-- in to' 4,255l., and. leaving 1,3541. to be applied to the renewal of the pennanent way. With regard to the reinewal of the pernuinent way, five nliles- of the down line,.from La-Louviere to Havr6, have been relaid with rails of 6841b. to the yard, at a cost of 5,7001., which vill he spread Tveria period of nearly 18 months.. It is pro- posed to relay about'21 mires of the down line between avr6 and 'Obourg early in next' year. 'The construction account shows that 1,G00,2l71. had been received and l,590;517l. expended; leaving a balance of 9,700. -in hand. ' ' SOUTH-EASTERN. The Strood and Maidstone branch of this railway, which ig a continuation of the- North Kent line, is to be-opened to-morrow for publio traffic. The line was inspected on Friday by the Government inspactor, who expressed himself titisflediwith'the state' of the works. The event is to he celebrated at-Maldetone by a grand dinner, to which' the directors of the South-Eastern Company and the principal gentry and landowners of the district have been invited by the corporation.-' : Y
APPEALZS HOUSE OF LORDS. Jir-x i- Their Lorddhips sat this morning for the purpose of hear ingappeals. THE CALeEDONIAX RAILWAY COMM'AKY AN-D TllE GLAS- GOW, GARMNIRIc, AiD COATBRIDGSE RAWAy COXAIANY V. MARK SPIiOT, OF GArNKIURK - TThis was an appeal from the Court of Session in Scotland pronounced in an aciion wherein the respondent souait to obtain compensation from the appellants tor their refu5ing to allow him to wfork certain minerals under the surfac of the ground adjoiningthe line of railway of the appellts. It appeared that the respondent, Mr Sprot, was the proprietor of the estate of Garnkirk, sitnated about five miles from Glasgow. In the year 1S26, when the railway system 'was still in. its infancy in -England, and s not preI onsly known in Scotland, except under the rude form of tramroads, traversed by waggons drawn by horse power, it was proposed to institute a line of railway which would serve to connect a district rich in mineral wealth,'though comparatively sterile in its agricultural aspect, withtha Igreat mercantile and manufacturing capital of the west of Scotland. This railway would passthrough therespondent's 'lands, and he, being possessed of a valuable field of minerals, became a promoter of the scheme, considering that while a small portion of the surface of his property would he necessary for the purposes of the railway, not only woudd allibis rights over the more valaable mineral estate situated beneath be preserved intact,-but still further facilitiea would be afforded to -him for working and making the- same available. Under this belief according'ly the fiill for the line went through Parlianient unopposed, and even sup: ported hy proprietors hkie the respondent, whose 113inerjl were of infinitely more value to them than the rest of their estates; As it would -have been impossible for the company - to purchase the minerals situated beneath the surface of the ground over wbich the line ran, and as the proprietors courd' not be expected to resign their rihht inthe minerals, it -was - provided in the bill that the latter *should retain their right in the minerals, and should be entitled to full. compensation either then or subsequentlv for any damage which their reserve estate actually suffered by reasorn of the constiuctioi of the railway. The respondent executed a' deed dated the 12th of December, 1834, by which, in consideration of 3791. 5s. ld., he conveyed a portion of his land to the company under the provisions of the bill, which set forth that whenever the owner of the minerals was. desirous of working them he should give 30 days' notice to the company, and if it should appear to the' company that the working of such mine was likely to damage the worl's of the railway, they might prevent the same from being worked upon givi ng due notice to the owner and making compensation, all inthe ma nner prescribed by the act; but, in case of such mnlerals being worked, thenthe owner must give good and sufficiet security to the said company for all damages, interruption of tr4di- or other injuries which might thence arise. There was a valuable field of fireclay under that part of the respondent's land upon whichthe railway was constructed, ondent, accordingly, proceeded to work the fireclay without interruption until after the amalgamation of the Caledonian Railway with the Garinkirk, when he received a notice to the effect that the works in question ere endangering the line of railway, and calling upon him to find security to the company for all damages which might occur in consequence. The respondent answered this-notice by a letter, in which he said that he would stop at 60 feet from the centte of the line, but at the same time saying thathe considered he had a perfect right to work the minerals under the surface of the land belonging to him without finding any security. - The. company, however, objected to the working of the mineralsso near their line, and in consequence the respondent brouglt his action against them to recover the -value of the minerals he was thus deprived of. The Lord Ordinary decidd -thab the - respondent could not -work the minerals so as-to exidanger the line without first giving security to the company. That decision was appealed against by' the respondent, who took it before the First Divison of the Court of Session, where it was reversed. The company had now appealed against thejudgment of the latter Coburt. . - The LORD CHA_CELLOR, in delivering juda ent, said that, lookirig at the construction of the act of Tarliament, and at the conveyance executed by the respondeut to the company, hie could not come to any other conclusion than that therespondentuvashonnd by theterms of the conveyI ance, and he must give to the company security against any danmage which might accrue from the working of the minerals- under the'land hefo'ehe could exercise his right to -work them. He was therefore of opinion that the interlo0utor of the Lord- Ordinary was right, and that of the Inner Chambniermust be reversedand the apal ned. Appeal affismed.
[Advert ent.]}-"The Illustrated Webster's S eUin' .Book." price is. superbly.iliustrated with25O engaTings by tho FsTz arests, arrnrged by-.aremincnt English scholar upon the principles of Nuah )Vbster. the grest American authority. " Webster' 8 eing" lrculatet In America tothe extent of a milion copis per annum. and iH ubiverealy ackn6swedgedas .he beet Also just readr, & hew cditlonbof" Welister's English Dictionarylor tho 5tillionplirice si 6d. .The- inmmense denrand for this edition is the beLt test of ita 3aue. NWeb6tr is IIow the only reliable authority on tho English language. Erery outllshbuan howv;er hunible Mis sphere, wil he able to purchase thu best English Dlctitnary. It is indoed a marel of cheapzesr ndcl-exe,lence. WWad and Lock. 158. Fleet-street. jAdvertiseiuent.]-" The Smu.Ier," by John Planim; authoi of " ThTeO'Hiari Taiuiy. li-exand cheap edition. Thrioe k boards,, C,oth, 2. tid.., or free by post for two stamps extra. A most excting and interesting novel, fil of daring and adventure. Also ready, ."Ifeadlos.g HaUl aud Nightmare Abbey," price Ils.; by T. L. Peacock, Full of extra ntinaxy intforwation on the rubj ct of ghosts and superiiautral agenc. wvl lbe eagerly read by nD lovers of the marvOeUous 'ifeofa a iSUor, by Captain Ch ier; price 2; cloth. 25. 6&. post free for two extra tamps. The courageous exsplo.tv pwrformed by Dur Britiah seamen.'and narrated by emptain Chamier, havo rebdered bis sea advel deservedly famous. "Beu Brace.' by the'.foe atthoi --prioo - : clolh 2. 6d. Full of inteataing particUira resp-e-cgng Lord WeLon, relating many incidents in his defie u roorde jin hitory. -Th. widowr ernaby." . ra 26. *loth, s. 61; AlSo, J. Moriess oelbrated :Verten fale, Is3ji Ba ia in ifginud; price 13. 6d.- -cloth, 2a. London,.,Yard and locc ti8, Fleet-street. fAdvertistnensrt.}-.The.autbor of "TlseGreatXgeahy." '-Thd newsov oeL. entitled, "Tho MIan of the World;- or, Vanitios of the Dari.by Sw.W.Fialions author of "The Great Highway." will be ready< inmsedjatcty,in three yolaun.ee vdth illustrations on ateeL. br -3ohn Lgceh. Orders should be .forwarded without dr15. C. W . k8ee, Xlitn William street, Ulmiog-ro . . , , : , . . ,~~~~~~~b
LAW REPORT. COiURTOF QTYEENS EE1JCR., p-%l T1- TRUXLOIK T. THE HO'UsEHoJm3ERgAYN-b -P. ;_. - AMSURAW417 - -n' - LIF t-ltfngs at Nisi P) , before Lori4 CAXDBELL ani S . Jurics. ' Mr. Edwin Juame% Q.C., and m&. Phipson sp the plaintiff; atd the Attorney-General, Mr. Collie, - 'Ir a m eedafor the defvedants. rr. heaiog,Qj t Mr. J. e. Davis appearaed toawith c o h od Some other insurance conmpaes inted dow n t h do iit The plaintiff, in this action, ThomsT, lc,'a~o. merly a mNember of the Stock-Exchnge an he broghth the present action against the liueoj1ad ,ir herasape Company to recover -the hal of 10 due-Jo licy of insurance effected in Se, le orf M r. Joddrell, the son and Rechar hat drell, Bart., -of Chilwick-halL, near St. Alban' ,The defendants pleaded that they d enter into the contract by the frauddeti a en years to sentation of the plaintiff as to the value lffe; and they also denied the fnrest-en-th policy. - This Was oDlY One of e pDf a l ne -hich had been effected on the saraepfe, on termuldi(1 of the dith of November, 1s55, th yrd afder the.toTk was effected; and, as ite'was suggested all to thiuyri tainte owith the same fraud, the c ase gieat amount of interest among the in c oeieed'tn. cernaed. 'It appearea from the evidenco given by the antiff-that tr-he year 1850 he became pained w nth i otede fendats' cm anystatethat r. JodreD addben i l antt acquaintance continue, ndowat is death, snthe 2thof November, 1855. In thembontheof DeemberdASt he was applied to by a Mr. Brade, on behalf of Mr. jordrell' 'with respect tIo keeping up two plic , 5,000 andtoho effectedconMr. Jodarell's lie'with the Medicai andaInaiiai Assurance Company. The object of those policiewas toc inswre the life of thhe son, b. Joddrell, aganst that bs f-nhis father,oSir ichare yeroddrel, an case hes bSould die- before his fpsther, for the Iobenefit of Lady Isabella Mo-int cashel, Mr. Joddrells wife. It 'was Proposed that_-Mr. Xoddrell should give a post-obit bend to secure the plaintiff; and, on the 9ta of Febgruary, 85s a6 post-obmi bond was given for 14,000,. to Mr. Brade and the plaintiff jonwtly. This bnd 'was subsequently cancelled, and anotherusxe. cuted in the month of August, 1854, to the plaintiff dudly. The plaintiff himself paid two Premiums of Bra and, wvith the assistance of a friend, k-ept up the policies :l"He then applied to an actur (Mr. Poeek) to procure 14,0y0nme worth of insurances on . Joddrell's life, and withy tat view, sined papers to be laidl before the Kent Mutual In. surance-office. The Kent Mutual Insurance-office dsined the proposal, on the -groundrthat Mr Joddrell 'was da:nkt off intem erte habits, hut 'withi An intimation tha. Thet ofr i ofld be aocepted with an addition of 22 years.to!tha life. A proposal was then made to the Householngers. office, an the papers, 'which had been laidl before theoent Society, were sent n tothem. Atfirst the pro osalrs -adecinced, but it 'was ultimately accepted on te condition of the addition of 14 years to Mr. JToddrel's age.,-. -The policy being thus effcted, it beCamo according to thh principle of the society, " indisputable," except only in the case of " gross fraud."1 The plaintiff stated that he believed the representation as to Mr. Josderell's health and Iabitsn 'was true, so far as he 'was Aware. The papers sent in to the defendante~ company stated that Mfr. Joclarell-ha been-injo habit of indulging in exce, andl had sreeently suffered from an attack of lelirium trencens a but they added tht he had recovered, anthin reformed is. habits, andi had become teperate. in raer to discredit the plaintiff, and toBow that the statements made to the company 'were fal aio the plinetiffs knowledge, he was subected to a idcaea mioiation. It appearecl that he had begun tianetsshas stock-broker in the ea 184, and failed in r8 for 17p bOOs. lire passed through the Insolvent Court, but paid no-divi. dead. He, however, plaid off his debts on the Stck-Exchange, andl was rxe-admitted ; but he left the Exchange tionr and a-halfsago,i aond 'wa not noddfellowiug tatyhecwis paon. e asfirst introduced to BradeMtor. Joddr ellainthe ear. 180,bymr,a surge.n, Mr.rae thewas a person who bad takden up his uars ind mr. Jofdel to aquehouse, and usually lived there. fie plaintiff visited Mr. Jodldrel), and stavaed forta wnuleek- ato time,ly. anhada]d therrBrado he hiid a Mr.. Strange. M1r. Brade had introdueanttrynmd Arnold to Mr. Joadrell, jand they(3reanAnod ce succeedecd in getting several hil of emchne from Mr.ih h jIodsrecv without any considecation. The prutisated sthat Me , Joadrell formerly drank bard, an twoe . or tro reeties a-weeln, but befo thiVWs m ran -vag effected he haldgiven up his intemperat ha sThe two olicies of 5,0001.wereeffecte aby Arnoe oanMr. Eodehad life. Mr. Joddrell died in November, 18a , of n estion ohatthe lungs, broaugt ony cld. Tha e tplaintiff paid two premiums of 830?. n the policies, noda Mr. :Feowes ad- 'Mr. Fodrellovs, had haf Meveral a 'sof ddiriue m m-ms, brought on by drink, an ha been for several years under the care of keepers in consequence ofinsaity, hut he deuaird knmowing -anything about these matters. The first bond -was executed in Febraua, 1854, to the plaintiff andeBrade jiTlh ; but, G B asstheapiaintif found some difeLnultyin raisin money clpon itecas wthey belmeshed gt athat bead cadcebea inAugust, 1854 andm ay hew olaineiff, ex by Mr. Joddrell to himsefionly, heogiving to B601de ;a l r sthat he would Mt. Weathal, the -plaintiff's Attorney, proved the execution of thepost-obit bond by ofr. ioddrell, and that he ws introduced by Brade to la. Joddrell, andyacteid as his (jodsrle's) solicitor till his death. e v Mr. Spacnmter acsurgeon, wasthen calucd l "lhadJoada confidentia report to) the Kent Society resPecting Mr. e,"ddrhl's health, and, in answer to a question as to lvMr. joddrell's character for temperance, had stated that ho indulged too freely." le had also stated uthat liehad recently thad-aneatemptack of d ua t whichhen from'which he 'asvruecverybing, bt that theva caucs (too meuh stimulus) silla eisothed and,ect in answerto question 'whether he was liale o aoplxy,he ad nswrednototherwise than that disasera migh behi induedmbyrstimunts. egHe had Added thanghis chest was besou ahndto his digestivorgans good, -which had enabled him to takeoan amout Iof stimulants 'which would have been injurious to anothier mnan. He had attendedrir. Joddlrei four years in all, and hadnever beardl that befhad been intsae, or had had more than one attack of-diroivm tremens. dr. Fellows, one of Mho knevrell reuer. Joddre ll' dMr. baruche,r solicitor of Buntingford,uwere called, and provel thet a year or two before his death Mrx. Jodidr's habits hadeimproved lintresjiect of temperance. The Afend nWcNEylGE-,uERAL said the defendants rsisteda -this claim -becanse-they believed that a gross fraud bad been practgsad upon them by the plraintif, who, having paid only wof premryiumhis, amount tvo gl0a.,as now setting anpd a olamf t polt ichies foncr; 14,000?.loe'wou show that lr. thdren whod wasthe sonand heirr -a9of -Sir ichard Joddrell, andassuch hentite td h esates odf- 13,00. a-er rehad an irresistible tendlency to intemuperate habts ie'as sent to Oxford, and there acquired the sobriquet of "Mad Joddrell- and his habits were such that he was obliged to leave, andafrom that time heowas paccedu nder restraint and bwas contantly under the charge of keepers, whose dluty it was to keep him from drinkl Nothing, however, coulAdkeep im from tbetemptingbeverage, to geti hichheiwouldsell or pawneverything. Ifehad several attacks of ddiriumnfremens, ,aad was aiso the subject of insane delusions, brought oxi and aggravated by his intemperatehabits. At length'isnmother thought that the best thing to keep him Steady WaS o d gt him a wifec and Accordingly, in the ye-ar 1848,he was marriedo to a daughter of Lord Mountenthel. It was pS-sble that after hisa-rriage his conduct mit-lt not have been so bad as before, hut it was manifest thait 'Ie had not reformed, for in the yearlS54 hehad another attackofdcairium emns. The Attorey-General inquired why the plaintiff had not calledtrade, the manywho knew all about ir.Joddrell s de. baucheries, andt who ha introduced him to Arnold, the billdiscount a ttorney. The learned Attorene-General then read alettr written by Brade. And which hamd been handed over by the plaintiff, along 'with the other papers, to'ethe defndats'conse, i whchMr. joddlrell was described as being At the date of the letter (Augus a0 1i853 a loa lo the n6streoult aand temperat- ohabits. te toohtwoglasses of sherry with his luncheon, two glasses Of sherry- andt- one of port width his diuner ; at 8 O'clock two glaasse9 Of ar3sala, then,- cold 'water and cigar; At 9, coffee ; at 10, PraYers, 'which he-read himself ; at half-past 10 he r-etired to, his dressing-room ; and a little after1l,he went to bed, with a glass of sherry and 'water. Such, the 'writer stated, war, the true state of his ordinary proceedings, and he had never been under confmnement. A letter, written by M1r. Joddrell, to the same effect, 'was also read, in whicha the writer exprdssed -a desire tof,Onfd out and trounce the ",seducer" of the scandal that he, JoddrelL, had ever been under restraint. Numerous witnesses'were thenl called in support-of this case, and p roved that downL to his maLrriage in 1-848 -Mr. Joddrell had constanAtlY been in charGe of keepers,- and that he had suffered several attacks ox ddh,i2'Untfr6nmr. -brought on byv his habits of the grossest intemperance. But it dlid not appear that since his marriage in 1848 he had gone to suchL extremes as formnerly, and the evidence did -not show that on the oc-casions w'hen the plaintiff was i7isiting at Ch-ilwick-hall he had indulged to the same eXtent as he had dlone on other occasions. Mr. JAixS in his reply Said he did not think aniy respectable companY 'would have mnade such a defence, The fact was the cornp any knewthat MEr. Joddrell's life had b)eenx rejected by the Kent Society "on the ground of intemnperane ; hu, kowig tat,andhavng llthe same papers befoe tem,'whih ifored tem hatMr. Jodldrell had jus reovredfro a atackofde!,-uma 0-emcns,brought on b inempranc, tey erestil wilin totake the offer, cultedontheaditin f 1 rarstotheac. But-nowr they pretended they had been deceived, in the hope that they might evade their responsibility. Lord Cnmarzn, in summing up the evidence, seidithat these niodern life assurance companies, by their eager grasyIng after profits, held out great temptations, and brought about the most lamentable consequences. The defendanKt company said that all their policies were indimputable except in the case of gross fraud. It appeared they were inforned that another company had rejected the life, but-they accepted it, adding 4 years. That might be done in good faith, but it led-to senous oonsequences, And if the company were called upon to pay unexpectedly he (Lord Campbell) thought they would have only tbemselves to blame.- - They had, however, guarded themselves against fraud, And, if that 'was proved, thev were ]protected. The first plea 'was that the plaintiff had no interest, but his Lordrhip thought ho had, unless the jury should think that' the post-cbit bond was void. With respect to- the plaintiff, his Lordehip said he did not think he made a - respectable figure m court, or that he was above suspicion. He had become insolvent, and had paid nobody except his creditors on the Stock-Exchange, which 'was neOessAy to his readmission. Still, unless the chargo of frand -was made out, he 'was entitled to a verdict. As to ihe insanity, his Lordship did not think it wAS shown that, that 'ws known to the plaintiff, It would be forthejuryto say, numn the evidence, 'whether the plaintiff knew the repre. -entation made to the cormpany to bo false. If so, it must be either on the ground-thathe conspired with Brade to de.eeive the compan', or, knowring that tho intemperate hxbits ontinued, he repreented that he (Mr. Joddrell) iwas reformed. His lIrdshio expressed his opinion rathbr in *layout QC he pldntif; wut added that the quesion-was ent-
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. %Vpvr , -T- 1a AiTWOOD-i- A -.- . .._ Viazigtn at s . .Prius, llefo2eMr. Jtatice ;wnL1lES ac7v Coi7i7non.J~Irv 'I!his-was an action for not receiving35 bundles of iron ho P1iU6 accordlg; to contract. hL-. '31alley, t2.C., and Vr. Lush appeared for the plain. tifs; and hr. Petersdorff and Mr. Powe for the defendant. itappeared that the defendant, who is a cooper, contractedinAugust last with the plaintiffs for a large quantityof iron hoops, to be delivered in five weeks. A further orderwas given in November for another similar quantity o boo's *'tobhe delivered as Eoon as possible," and the plair,tafli agreed to deliver them in five wbeeks. It appeared the hoops were wanted for casks for the Crimea. As the ast order 'was nt executed on the 7th of January, the defendant wrote to the plaintiffs to say that unless delivered immediately the hoops 'would be of no use to him. The pladitjffs sent a portion of the honps on the 30th of January, an&ctbe defendant then refused to receive them, having got a supply elsewhere. HlisELoP.Dssur left it to the jury to say whether the plaintiffs had supplied the goods "as soon as possible," within the meaning of their contract. The jiry, not being able to agree upon their verdict, were locked up. and had not returned into court when our reporter left.
COURT OF }WCH.O11TTER .Ar^-. T--- i ,;PV'EIAT. }PFAr WMILAMS V. TU1E APIFCANS STPA S1TVP CflNfA'-A (Sittilz-qs in J?anco.)----' - --'- -" lIts was a deimnurer to a replication. The action was biought to recover the value of a quantity of golddust, shipped in one of the defendants' vessels froni the coast of Africa, and the question raised by the pleadings was, whether the defendants were exempt fronm liability under the 5C3d section of the General Shipping Act, which requires that in certain cases, such as the shipment of gold, the shipowner shall not be liable for loss unless at the time of ship. meriit the owner shall have declared the nature. qualitv, and value of the article. In the present case the bit of lading specified a shipment of " about 1,l0C ounces of golddust value unknoiwn ;" and itlwas objected by the defendants that the act had not been complied with, and that therefore the plaintiff could not recover. 14r. Blackburn appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Tomlason for the defendant; and at the close of the argument The CorRT held that the requisites of the act had not leen fulfilled by the plaintiff, and that the defendant was therefore exempt from liability. It might be that the quality and nature of the gold had beensufliciently specified, but it was clear that the value had been left a perfect blank. There must, therefore, be judgmnent for the defendants on the demurrer. Judgment accordingly. WVOOLLEY V. RAY. This was an action for penalties alleged to have been in. curred by the defendant by reasonof his having entered into a contract to sell a piece of land to the commissioners under the Staleybridge Improvement Act, he being himself a commissioner. The act in question contains a clause imposing a penalty on any commissioner who shall enter into any contract to supply, furnish, or sell any article, matter or thing to be used by the commissioners, and the question was wihetlher the defendant fell within that clause. ldr. Tomlnson appeared for the plaintiff. Mr. T. Jones was not caUed on for the defendant, the Court being clearly of opinion in his favour. Judgment for the defendant. Notice was given at the rising of the Court that the cases in the special paper would be called on peremptorily in their order to-morrow (to-day). The new trial paper was disposed of during the term. (Sittings att Wisi Prius, befor c the LORD CHEF BARON and a Speciat Jatry.) TE ATTORENEY-GENERAL V. THOMAS rARRY. This -was an Inland Revenue cause. hlr. WATSON, without opening the cause, said that he had arranged -with his learned friend Mr. Welsby, who appeared for the defendant, to take a verdict by consent for four penaltiesof 100l. each. 'Verdict accordingly.
ADMfULTY COURT. M,OTDAV. .Tr 1I THE LEITT1.-COI7T.l910Tn. (Before Dr. LuSHIleGTON.1 This W.s an actionbroughtbythe schooner Bcehive, of tLe burden of 160 tons, against the steamship Leith, of the burden of 5SS tons, with engines of 240 horse-power, to obtain compensation fora total loss, occasioned by a collision between them at S am. on the 2!th of February last, about 15 miles from the Dudgeon shoal. The schooner, coal-laden, was tound from HIartlepool to London, and according to her account was standing to the south-south-east, with the wind very light from the north-east, making about one knot and a half an hour. In consequence ofthetthickness ofthe weather a feg horn was continually blown. On hearing the paddlewheelsof the steamer, the foghorn was sounded loudlytowarn her, notwithstanding which she continued to approach, and became visible at the distance of about 100 yards, a little on the starboard bow, wnhereupon the schooner put her hehn hard a-port, but the steamer, going at the tate of nine knots an hour, ran stem on into her starboard bow, and cut her down below the water line, in consequence of which she speedily foundered. The crew escaped on board the steamer. he steamer was proceeding from London to Granton-pier, 'with a few passengers and a general cargo. In her defence she alleged that osi the weather becoming foggy she reduced her speed to four knots and a half, and afterwards eased her engines to the lowest speed. Her course was north by west, the wind being north. A foghorn was heard stght ahead and thereupon the engines were instantly stopped, and the helm put hard a-port. The schooner was seen, distant about 250 feet, a little on the steamer's port bowv, coming right on vith all her sails set, at the rate of between four and five knots an hour. The steamer at that time was stationary, if not going astern, and the schooner, with her starboard tow, came in contact with the eutwater of the Leith. She charged the schoonor with starboarding instead of porting her heln. Dr. Twiss and Dr. SpinL-s were heard for the schooner; Dr. Addams and Dr. Robinson for the steamer. The learned JL-DGE, after consulting with the Elder Brethren, said they were of opinion that the steamer was to Ilamne for going at too great a speed in a fog. They did not considerthat the schooner starboarded her heIlL Decree accordingly. TILE AFRIKA.-COLUSION. The bark Stirlingshire, of the burden of 3U6 tons, bound from Sierra Leone to Cowes for orders, and the bark Afrika, of the burdenof :'31 tons, proceedingfrom Charleston, South Carolina, to Amsterdam. came into collision with each other at 10 p.m. on thc 3d of April last, about 12 miles to the southward of Portland. There was a hard gale, nith thick hazy weather and drizzlingrain. The Stirlingshire alleged that in the early part of the evening she carried a bright light at the bowsprit, and, in consequence of the state of the weatiser, was lyng to. On descrying the Afrika on her starboard bow, distant about 200 yards, without any light, a flare-up lght was immediately exhibited, but the Afrika ran into her doing her considerable damage. The Afrika asserted that on the Stirlingshire being reported slie immediately put her helm hard to port, notwithstanding which the Stirlingshire struck her with great violence, and thereby seriously damaged her. She attributed the collision to the Stirlingshire not keeping a proper look out, and not adopting any measure to avoid the accident. Cross-actions were entered by the respective parties. Dr. ADDASIS and Dr. Twvsss were heard for the Stirlingshire; Dr. JENN'ER. and Dr. SPLINS for the Afrika. The ELDEr BRErTMIrEN were of ocinion that noblame attached to the Afrika. The CorEPr pronounced accordingly.
COU1RT OF BA.4RUPTCY, Basinghall-strect, June 16. IN- RE !ARK BU OVD. (Before Mr. CormimtonCr FXNE.) The bankrupt was a stockbroker, of 4, LYew Bank-buildings. This was the adjomrned certificate meeting. Mr. Lawrance appeared for the bankrupt, and Mr. Roxburgh (instructed by Mr. Harris) for the assignees. hMr. EoxBurtmi said they'left off at the last sitting by a reference to the accouat furnished by the bankrupt to 3Ir. Borthwick, showing that a sum of 26,0001. -was due by Benjamin Boyd to the banks-pt, wlhereas the resuilt shov,ed that the debt was the other way, Benjamin Boyd being the creditor, and that for the large sum of 7:3,0001. Benjamin Boyd had given up to Mr. Sprott Boyd certain property on obtaining a release, except from his liabilities as a shareholder of the bank. Benjamin Boyd was the holder of ;,000 shares in the bank, on which a call of 1001. per share had since been made. This call, -with arrears, left the claim of the bank at the present moment upon Benjamin Boyd 700,0001., and on account of which he had not paid one farthing -The Co3rnrir.so0nE.-It can hardly be said that he owes the bank 700,0001., when the entire debts of the bank were only 400,000.1 Mr. P.oxzurGc.-Of course, if he had paid the first calls upon his shares, like other shareholders, there would have been no occasion for a call of 100!. per share, but one of :501. per share, and the claimn would have been of less amount. It might be said that Benjaniin Boyd had given up property of considerable value, and, in justice to him, he woruld say that if Mark Boyd had acted properly there would have been no ground to charge Benjamin Boyd with ..ny malfeasance whatever. Mark Boyd had entirely concealed the fact that he had received consignments from his brother, uponi which there was a balance of 73,0001. due at the time of the bankruptcy. The false return to M'r. Borthwick, showing his brother the debtor, was made for the piurpose of dleceiving the shareholders of the bank and obtaining forbearance of their claim. As such, it was an offence within the statute that caDed for a refusal of certifcate. The bankrupt had subsequently furnished a " a reconciliation account"-a very proper term; but unfortunately the reconciliation accoiunt could not be reconcdied wvith the original. The CoM2ussrox. -I have never beard of this reconcliationi account before; I should like to see it, to see how the alleged debt of 26,0001. by Benjamin Boyd to Mark Boyd is made a debt of 73,0001. by Mark to Benjamlin is explamned. Mr. Ronxcw-r.s1 proceeded to urge that the bankrupt had brought himself wnthin the statute, which enacted that where a bankrupt slhotld have imperfectly, carelessly, and negligently kept his books, with intent to conceal the true ztate of his affairs, or to "obtain the forbearance of creditors," the certificate should be refused. The bank suspended payment in S48, and faied in 1S49. Calls had been madeupon thebank-rupttotheamount of 1,4351. Thesecalls were unpaid, an.Isomedoubt existedwhetherthe shareholders were liable for the debentures issued by the bank. In 1850 this liability was confirmed, and an order was madTe by the faster npon far,k V?oyd for the 1,435W. In the meantime the bankrupt ha4married the widdw of Mr. Ronieo Coaes. Before thb death of Mr. Coate, B. and 31. Boyd had been in the habiof snakinghimi advances, and he wasat hisdeathi theirdebtor for-4j175!. Mr. Coites died in 1848; and in 1849 the bankrnpt mrriedhis.idow. When the books of the bankrupt came to be examined, the account or debt of 4,1751 _was written off "by cash." This was.a false and untrue entry, and the bankrupt had since the bank- ruptcy acknoWledged that it "certainly was an erroneousentry, because it was a bad debt." The cash had never been receied, Thisfalseentrywas evidently made to conceal the true state of his affairs, It was not possible to allow such',falsifications of hooks to be explained aw ay. The entry was made bv the bankrupt's clerk. The COMahlLss.sasonm.-A ccounts may be false by accident. Did hir. Coates die solvent or insolvent? Mr. Ro\tURGII.-The debt was due in 1849. It was written off in December, 1849, " by cash." Would a man write " by cash" by accident ? The Coxmassiso.s;Er said he could see no motive for the bank;rupt wsriting "by cash." The motive appeared the other way; by wvriting "by cash" the bankrupt placed himself in the position of having to account for the money. MJr. Rwoxisur,ss proceeded to argue that the entry was aitered to meet circumstanceS, and that a preferential paymeat to his wsife's trustees had been made by the bankrupt. After some discnssion. The COMIUsSIONER said the bankrupt was alleged to have contemnplated a fraudulent transaction, and it wvasmaterial to know whether Mlr. Coates died insolvent. (To the bankrupt.) Did he die insolvent or otherwise? Bankrupt.-I think he died insolvent-no doubt of it. The Coll1SsSIoNES.-Why do you say you think that he died insolvent? - The bankrupt said there were large claims in connexion with the West Indies not yet settled. The CosrIssroSER.-He died practically insolvent. Bankrupt.-In difficulties, certainly. Mr. RO\uxRGis, continued.-There was no evidence of insolvency. After the bankrupt had thus murdered Mr. Ccates's debt, he had parted with 3,0001. of proerty to Mrs. Boyd. This was after the bank had suspended payment. The bankrupt had been exceedingly indignant in 1855 at a suggestion that his brother was not dead, and he bad taken possession of the estate of B. and M. Boyd as its surviving partner. After that occurrence he had disposed of up wards of 3,000l. of the partnership property in the fonn ot preferential payments. He referred to the sale of several 1,000!. debentures to Mr. Vandsor and others. There had been no pressure on the part of these creditors, and the charge of fraudulent preference was clearly established. By these preferential payments the petitioning creditor was left -without a shilling. Debentures of the bank were sold to pay the bankrupt's debts, and the bank was without a shilling. Benjamin Boyd was first deadand then living. The CoamnsssiossR.-All you mean to say on this subject is that the bankrupt first blows hot and then cold? Mfr. Ro:snuRoi did not think that this was the proper description of the bankrupt's conduct. He had acted throughout in a manner that was the opposite 6f that which ought to have been pursued, and he caled upon the Court to refuse the certificate. Mr. LAWRALNCE said the charges against the bankrupt were so bold and numerous, and the manner in which they had been made was so vituperative, that he scarcely knew where to begin. These charges, from the importance of the case, had appeared in the public papers, and his client laboured under a degree of obloquy from which it was difficult to relieve him. Charges had been made as false as any ever brought before a Court. It was thought that by these continual droppings of slander an impression might be made against3 the bankrupt wlith which it would be difficult to deal. There had been a collision between the Court and counsel, but there had been no desire on the part of the Court to protect Mr. Boyd. Of all the Judges in that cout there was no one vwho grappled more fearlessly with fraud than his Honour. The bankrupt had for 30 years conducted his affairs with mercantile integrity, and during that period no one had impugned his conduct. He had exercised no inconsiderable influence, and was held in universal respect and esteem. As a stockbroker he had not dealt in a single time bargain, and during the memorable years of speculation no man had stood higher. He had not been infected with the railway mania, but had pursued an even course, witlh unimpeached honour and integ- rity. Yet he -was now described as a needy and reckless ad-. venturer, and no expletivc had been spared in describing his conduct. His brother Benjamin and himself had started the Union Bank. They had also succeeded in establishing the North British Insurance Company. The term "concocted" would not be applied to them. No; they were flourishing concerns, and nothing was said about the bankrupt's part in their formation. Benjamin Boyd and his brother, assisted by Mr. Sutherland, Mr. Connell, and other gentlemen of equal position, had promoted the formation of the Royal Bank of Australia. Benjamin Boyd was a man of extraordinary energy, and was there anything surprisingthat success should be anticipated from borrowing money in thiscountry on the company's debentures at 5 per cent., and lending it in Australia at 10 percent. '? -that being the usual rate of interest in the colony. There was siot a man in the city of London who would say that a more honourable and legitimate bank was ever launched. The capital was large and there was every 'prospect of success. There was no scheme on its Dart to get money from the unwvary. On the contrary, the Scotch banks were its largest lenders. Mr. Sutherland and Mr. Connell had signed every debenture, and B. and M. Boyd had accounted for all that had passed through their hands. The conduct of B. and M. Boyd, as its brokers, was unimpeached. They all recollected the railway mania of 1845, whichreached its ma szunu in 1846. In 1S47 the crash came, and they could allrecollect the drisis when the Bank of England charged S per cent. It was shortly after this time that a section of the shareholders met and repudiated the debentures, and thereby stopped the bank. But for " the crisis" the bank wouild not have stopped at all. Mr. Sutherland had said that if the bankrupt had duly accounted for the consignments it would not have stopped, but the figures did not warrant the assertion. The personal debts of the bankrupt, apart from his liabilities to the bank for calls upon his share, were only a few pounds, and the debts of B. and M. Boyd were not large. The perverse ingenuity of counsel had suggested that thebankrupt had been guilty of an offence against the statute by his representations to Mr. Borthwick. Those representations were made in 1849, and the act only referred to representations made from and subsequent to the month of April, 1850. The learnedcounselhad thus proved himself ignorant of an set which he professed to expound. But there was no reasonable man who would say that Mr. Borthwick had been deceived at all by the representations of the bankrupt. Why had he not been put in the box if they thought this charge could be substantiated? Benjamin Boyd had gien up property of the value of 267,000!., and some property was allowed to be retained because the bank assumed the property given up to be of more value than its claims upon him. DIr. HARISin denied that this was so. Mr. IR,e maintained that such was the fact, and proceeded to refer to the " reconciliation account" as furnishing a satisfactory explanation of the difference between the bankrupt being a debtor of 73, 0001. in place of a creditor for 26,0001., as also to the entry againstM3r.Coates's account, by cash 4,0001.," and afterwards, " bv bad debt, 4,0001.," as one of those erroneous entries by a clerk which a trader was allowed to correct. It might have been better if the bankrupt had not made the payments of the 3,0001., the proceeds of the 1,000!. debentures, and alleged to be preferential payments, but the bankrupt had only sought by so doing to give the property of B. and M. Boyd to creditors of B. and M. Boyd. Then, as to the bankrupt's personal expenditure- The CONslnssiosz. said he had spoken upstairs to Mr. Thomas (the bankrupt's accountant) on this subject, and required him to furnish an explanation on this head. Mr. Thomas had furuished him with a statement accordingly, vwhich, if correct, the expenditure of the bankrupt had been quite moderate. Some years the expenditure had been at the rate of 5,0001. a-year. Lately they had been quite moderate. Ar. HARRIs.-2,000!. a-year. The CosimaISSIONER.-I will give due attention to the statement furnished by Mr. Thomas, in whom I have the greatest confidence. I shall pay little attention to a statement coming from what I consider a prejudiced source. Mr. LAwss_iNcE continued.-The case of the bankruot was one of unavoidable loss and misfortune. The bank had brought the bankrupt to ruin, as he was sorry to say it had brought others to the grave. He trusted that the decision of the Court would be such as to enable the bankrupt to resume his position. A certificate at the hands of his Honour would be the bankrupt's best answer t- the slanders that had been heaped upon hian. Was it not a misfortune that he had become connected with a bank which had thus brought him to ruin? The ComsusOssowaraR-Did he come into it until quite lately? I have an impression that such is the fact. The bankrupt was understood to reply that he became a director of the bank in 1841, and was one of its original directors; but, in the practice that sometimes prevails in this court of two or three persons putting questions and answering them at the same moment, it is impossible always to catch the preciee answers to questions by witnesses. bAr. IAVRANCE resumed.-There was not a single creditor except the bank who came forward to say a word against the bankrupt. Such had been the extent of his transactions during the 30 yeas he had been engaged as a stockbroker that at might almost be said that the whole world might bare come forward if his conduct had been otherwise than correct. There never was a case in which a man was more deserving of the consideration of the Court, and he asked at its hands a certificate. MIr. HARRIS said Mr. Lawrance had made some strong remarks. He could only say for himself that he had acted under the instructions of shareholders of the bank and the directions of the Master. MIr. LIW.VRANCE.-I made no charge against Mr. Harris. 'Why lie should have thought so I can't tell, unless he feels his conscience to he its own accuser. Mr. HARRis was satisfiedfvith the withdrawal of the charge. M1r. LAxVBRACE.-Oh, dear, no; my friend takes to himself a compliment which I never intended to pay. I never withdrew any charge. Mr. HARRIs-All I can say, then, is that if you make a charge it is unfoiuded. His HosouR deferred judgment.
ZiNSOLVENT DEBTORS COURT, Junc 16. LN RE P'RANK RICHARD rOTGITLL. fBefore *Mrr. Commi,ssioner PMLLrpS. This case, vwhich was mentioned in T7hc TiMes of yesterday, was resumed and cohcluded this mnornmg. The opposing creditors complained that their debts had been improperly incurred. The insolvent, whose wife possessed a settled income of 6501. a-year, had incurred in the space of two or three years unsecured debts to the extent of 10,0001., owing to nil classes of tradespeople and others. A long inquiry took pllace into the circumstances of insolvent's dealings with Count Mletara, who had obtained possession of his furniture under a bill of sale, and bad also bought under an execution the farm which the insolvent had lately Lcicpied. Mr. Commissioner PmnLrs, however, was of opinion that there was nothing sufficiently doubtful in the nature of the insolvent's transactions with Count Metara to require 2th attendance of that gentleman. With respect to the inesolvent himself, it lwas undeniablq that -be bad been pur- siga course of reeklessextravagamice w,hich prevented the Cbuxgt frora granting himn an iramediate discharge. At the *tame .time st .was! e'qukUy iindeikiable -that the creditors ~vb6hadFer tteioj~igmnf22 to contractlarge dehts with' them; ivith&Lt obtaining fr6m in ian statement of his means,bhad thew~elvesiina great measure to blame for -their losses. The Court wvoild therefore deal with the case iuron its general aspect, and .the insolvenit would not be discharged until the exjpiration of the full period of the discietionary clause-six-months from the date of the vesting order.
CENTBAL CRIMiNAL COURT, June 16. The session of the above court for the month of June was opened this morning at the usual hour. The commissioners who were present at 10 o'clock were the Right Hon. David Salomons, Lord Mayor; the Right Hon. J. A. S. Wortley, 3LP., the Recorder; Aldermen Sir J. Miagrove, Finnis, Carter, Sir H. Muggeridge, and Lawrence; R. H. Kennedy, Esq., and W. A. Rose. Esq., Sheriffs of London and Mfiddlesez; D. HL Stone, Esq., and J. A. Rose, Esq., 'UnderSheriffs, A&c. By-the edition of the calendar published this morning it -appears that there are W23 prisoners for trial at the present. se.sion. The RECORDER, on commencing his charge to the grand 'ury, expressed his regret at not being able to congratulate them upon the state of the calendar-it being much heavier 'than was usual at this period of the year. Usually, in the 'rummer time, when the days were long and the nights were' short, the amount of crime at this court w as less, but at the present session he feared that the labours of tie grand jury would be much heavier than upon ordinary occasions t appeared by the calendar that there were 123 prisoners for trial. A good many of the cases, however, had been postponed from the last session in consequence of the important trial which had at' that period - occupied tho attention of the CQurt. and which had interrupted the ordinary business of the session. In reference to that interruption, be could not allow the present opportunity to pass without cxpresaing his'own personal thanks, and also those of the Court generally, to the Sheriffs for the admirable arrangements they had made on that. occasion. Nothing, in his opinion, could have been better than those arrangements during the whole of the period, and he considered the Sheriff were entitled to the thanks of the Court for the admirable mannerin which thebusiness of the Court bad been conducted. In reference to the business of the present session, he was sorry to say that -the calendar was not only heavy in point of numbers, but also with regard to the character of the offences contained in it. There were two cases of murder, a great many charges of highway robbery with violence, and no less than 22 charges of burglary, both of this latter class of offences being very unusual at this period of the year. Crimes of this description were always regarded by the Court as of the most serious kind, and they were invariably, where. convictions took place, visited with severe punishment; and that course would certainly be persevered in, 'with a view to put a stop to such offences. The first case of murder to which he had to call their attention was one of a peculiar character, the charge against the prisoner being that he had advised and assisted an unfortunate woman to throw herself from one of the bridges into the river Thames, and so destroyed her life. Now, in such a case as this if it was proved that one person advised another to destroy himself; and was present at the time the act was committed, the law would undoubtedly hold that person responsible for the death, and as it would in the one case be an act of felo de se, or self-murder, it would be equally murder in the person advising and assisting him to commit it if he were present at the time. The facts appeared to be that the prisoner, who was somewhat in liquor, was sitting in one of the recesses of London-bridge with the deceased, who was an unfortunate girl, and who was also, 'it appeared, in liquor, and that the latter suddenly got upon the parapet and jumped into the river and was drowned. There was some evidence of the prisoner having given the deceased a sort of push, and that he also took no steps to prevent her from committing the act, and that he had, in point of fact, advised her to do it ; but it appeared to him (the Recorder) that there was a good deal of doubt with regard to the actual nature of the transaction, and unless it was clearly shown that the prisoner knew what the woman was going to do the grand jury ought not to find the bill against him. The other charge of murder was one against a foreign seaman of having stabbed a man in the same position of life in a sailors' lodginghouse. It appeared thatvery slight provocation was given by the deceased man, and,., upon the facts as they appeared in the depositions, it seemed to him that the grand jury would consider it their duty to find a true bill, and any circumstances of mitiga-' tion would be brought forward when the case came to be investigated by the petty jury. There was another Case of some peculiarity, 'which involved a charge of piracy and mutiny, and in which he believed an indictment would also be preferred under a statute passed in the reign of William III., which made itfelony for any one to endeavour to induce the master or mate or any seaman to run away with the vessel to which he belonged. It appeared that the prisoner had shipped as a common seaman on board a vessel called the Stebonheath in Australia, and that he surreptitiously brought on board two revolver pistols and other weapons, and, according to the eviderce, after the vessel had been a few days at sea, the prisoner made the proposition to two of the seamenwhich was the ground for the present prosecution. The vessel, it appeared, hiad gold on board of the value of 300,0001., and, according to the evidence, the prisoner made a proposition to murder the captain and the mate and such of the seamen as refused to join in the proceeding, and thus obtain possession of the vessel and the gold she contained. If these facts were made out to their satisfaction they would undoubtedly bring the case within the statute to 'which he had referred. It appeared, however, that the witnesses had not made any statement of what had occurred until some time afterwards, and if the grand jury should think that this circumstance tended to throw any discredit upon their testimony they would not find the bill; but if, upon a consideration of all the facts, they should be of opinion that the matter. ought to undergo further investigation, they would in that case return a true bill against the prisoner. There was no other case in the calendar to which he considered it necessary to call their attention, but he understood that another charge of some importance might be brought before them in reference to wisich he considered it necessary to make a few observations. It appeared that some time ago a petition was presented to the House of Commons against the return of a gentleman as rnember for the borough of Sligo, and when the subject was investigated by a committee of the House, two witnesses were examined who swore distinctly to certain acts of bribery having been committed by the gentleman who had been elected. This gentleman was afterwards examined, and he swore, in the most positive manner, that there was not one word of truth in the statements that had been made by the witnesses as to the acts of bribery; and it appeared that there was a suegestion made that the two witnesses alluded to should be prosecuted for perjury. This was, however, found to be impracticable, because in cases of perjury the law required two witnesses to prove the falsehood of the matters that were alleged to have been falsely deposed to, or else that there should be corroboratie evidence of some kind or other. But, in the present case, there was no other evidence but that of the gentleman himself to contradict the testimony of the two witnesses. It was therefore impossible for him to prefer a charge against those two per sons, but he was informed that they intended to come to this court and prefer an indictment against the gentlemen upon the evidence he had given in contradiction of their statements. If such a case was brought before them it would, of course, be their duty to hear the evidence that would be laid before them, but lie could not help expressing his opinion that the proper course would have been for the parties to go before a magistrate and openly make the charge, and that they ought not to have preferred it behind the back of the accused party, aud when he had no opportunity of hearing the evidence given by them in support of it. As the law at present stood the parties had the right to take this course if t'aey chose to do so; and if they made out a case to the satisfaction of the grand jury they were bound to find the bilL He could not, however, too strongly express his disapprobation of the proceeding of preferring a charge behind a man's back, when the obvious course was that the parties should go before a magistrate and have the matter fully and publicly investigated; and, although the law gave the right to adopt the former course if they thought proper to do so, he mnst observe that it was a right which was frequently exercised for purposes of oppression aud extortion, and the grand jury could not be too cautious in the investigation of every case that carne before them when there had been no prevous inquiry by a magistrate. The grand jury then retired. The remainder of the day was occupied in disposing of an indictment for perjury, arising out of a case of bastardy at the AMiddlesex Sessions, and the details of which were utterly devoid of interest. NEW COIURT. (Before the CoMMoN SEuRmAi'r.) Henry Edwards, 89. victuaUer, was indicted for receiving goods valued at 604., the property of Jacob Rotter, knowing them to have been stolen. hlr. Ribton prosecuted; Mr. W. Cooper defended. It appeared from the evidence that the prosecutor is a dealer m silk twist, having warehouses in Ball-court, Giltspur-street, and that shortly before the prisoner's apprehension prosecutor's warehouses were entered and a quantity of silk stolen. A few days afterwards a person named Thomas Legg, who is in the fringe and tassel trade, received information that the prisoner, who at that time was landlord of thie Blue Posts, Holborn, had some silk suitable to his business for sale. Legg went there, and, paying to the yrisonera deposit, took away some silk twist and other things for tof what Legg was to buy of the prisoner. This portion of the goods was taken by legg to some house in the silk trade, where, upon being seen, they were recognised as having been in the possession of the prosecutor. U7pon this information was given to the police, and Legg eingaged to buy the goods for 251. The *olce then went to the prisonerl house, and asked priisoner if had any silk, and he said "NYo." They then told prisoner who they were, and upon attempting to get possession of a bunch of keys the prisoner seized them and tried to remove a key which at was found opened a box where a quantity of the stolen silk was discovered. There was also some concealed in a carpet bag and a desk belonging to prosecutor behind the prisoner's bar. HIe then said a man named Wilson had left them there. He was found Gitity and sentenced to 11 months' imprisonment and hard labour. Walter Scott Dowding, 40, clerk, was indicted for emubezzlement. Mr. Poland prosecuted, and Mr. Ribton defended. The prisoner, who had been out on bail, was at one tim i secretary to the City of London and Tower Hamlets Cen:e tery Company, and the amount of his defalcations, he al mitted, was about 300?. Upon an indictment for embezzlingzone of the sums included in the gross amount, he was tried at the April sitting of this court, when he was acquitted. The facts proved upon this occasion were of the same character as upon the former trial, which was fully reported at the time. The sums embezzled had been paid to prisoner by the parishes interring their dead in the company's cemetery. He was found Guilty and sentenced to 12 months' imprsonment.
- POLICE. Bof e C T.o-urt charlsStipet resident surgeon of the Comity Lunatic Asylum at Wandsworth, appeared. beforer -Mr. HlsNly upon a summons to answer the charge of having ulawfully killed and slain Daniel Dolley, aged 65, an inmate of the establishment. The proceedings were taken by the. Commissioners of Lunacy, andMr. 1. Gordon, M. John Forster (the secretary to the commission), Mr. Paget, 'c., were resent upon the bEnch;l lIa. Clarkson appeared for the de?,ndaut. M r. Bodkm, the connoa for the prosecution, said, he rose with much pain to state the afflictilg circumstances under Mhich the Commrissioners of Lunacy had felt it their duty to prefer this serions charge against a gentleman who had hierto for many years borne an irreproachable character in the responsible situation which he occupied. It could not be- necessary to state: that the Commissioners were actuated by no other desire than to afford protection to n nu2merous and deeply afflicted class of our fellow beings, and whether the result of this inquiry should be favourable or otherwise to the defendant he apprehended it was a quest2o02 which a jury must eventually determine. Mr. Snape, it appeared, was the medical superintendent of the male inmates of the Surrey Lunatic Asylum, and the charge against him was that he had caused the death of a lunatic, named Daniel Dolley, by subjecting him to harsh and improper treatment in the month of April last. Dolley was an old man, and occasionally excitable and troublesome-not onl to the officers, but also to the other inmates of the asylum. Now, there appeared to be a system in this establishment of having recourse to the'cold shower bath whenever a patient became excitable. Of the propriety or humanity of that system he wished to offer no opinion at present, for doubtless the publicity which would be given to the distressing facts of this case would' lead to ample discussion upon that point, and -defiiitely settle the question astowwhetherit was faulty orotherwise. The practice, however, is admitted, and early on the morning of the 9th of April, the patient Dolley having been reported as excitable, M1r. Snape came to the spot where he was, and directed the attendants Ito put him into the showerlibath. Dolley had beenpunished in a similar way about a week before, and this may account for the repugnance manifested by him on this occasion to that sort of treatment; for, on seeing Mr. Snape, with the key in his hand, proceeding towards the' bath-door, Dollev struck him a violent blow on the head and atter3hpted to escape. Ie was followed, and brought back to the bath room by force. Mr. Snape desired the attendants to strip him. They did so. Doleythenwent into the bath. The cold water was t aed upon him. He was kept there 28 minutes, and within 15 orl6 minutes after he was taken out he died. Now it was necessary that he (Mr. Bodkin) should describe what that bath was. The commissioners had directed the fullest inquiry upon the subject, and two gentlemen were appointed to make the requisite examination. They reported that the bath was so constructed as to form a closed box. There was no aperture for air or light, and the door was secured by a bar outside. Whenever a patient was placed within that box he was utterly defenceless. If the symptoms of illness or death canic upon him the attendant outside would remain ignorant of it while the door was kept closed. By a calculation which had been made by the two gentlemen referred to, it had been ascertained that the water descended in a continuous stream, in the proportion of 20 gallons per minute, upon the head of the patient barred within this box. le orifices through which the water ran were unusually large, and, assuming the bath to be conducted in the ordinary way, on the morning in question, there must have been nearly 600 gallons of cold water poured down upon the head of the deceased during the 28 minutes he was coniined in the box. The question naturally arose, why was the patientan old man 6;5 years of age-subjected to this 'unusaal' severity of treatment ? And here he (3Mr. Bodkin) was bound to direct attention to a very remarkable obser-a. tion which was made by Mr. Snipe, and which, he feared, evinced the sort of animsus that influenced his mid at the' moment. He said to one of the attendants, "I have never been struck by a patient before. Keep him in half an hour and then give him a dose of the light-coloured mixture.' It seemed to be part of the system to follow up the bath by' administering to the lunatic certain doses of tartar emetic, which were kept close to the bath so as to be readily accessible to the attendants without their having to go to Mr. Snape forthem. Following out the directions of lr. Snape the attendant gave Dolley an extra quantity directly he had gothim out of the bath, having placed him upon a seat for this purpose. But while the unfortunate patientwas being dried and dressed the attendant became alarmed bya sudden change in his appearance-by the pale, agonized lookthe intense shivering of the body, the crouching of the limbs, and the loss of speech. He was hastUy removed to a bed, the doctor was sent for, but before Mr. Snape could arrive the man was dead. It would be for a jury to say whether his death resulted from the treatment to which he was exposed. An inquest was held on the body, as was usualin cases of sudden death, but the inquiry took place under peculiar circumstances which it was important to explain. The attendant 'who placed Daley iin the bath by Mr. Snape's order, not being actually present at the man's death, was not asked any further questions, and neither Mr. Snape, nor any other person,appearstohaveinformcdthe coronerofwhathadtaken place. Ihr.Snape stated that a post 2nortem examination had taken p lace, and that death was caused by disease of the heart; and consequently the jury were directed to find a verdict of " Natural Death." About this time, ho*ever, a letter was received- M1r. Clarkson (satirically).-From whom? Mr. Bodkin (warmly).-Thisis not a subject for myfriend to treat with jocularity. Mr. Clarkson indignantly repelled the imputation. Mr. Bodkin understood the meaning of his friend's sneer. The letter received by the Cosamissioners of Lunacy was an anonymous letter. That was perfectly true. Mr. Clarkson.-Where is it ? Produce it. Mr. Bodkin had never read the letter. He had never seen it, nor cared to see it, for it would not alter the facts of this case. Although anonymous, it pointed to matters so grave in their nature that the Commissioners felt in duty bound to' pursue this inquiry-to sift it tothebottom. Theyexamineda great number of witnesses, as they were empowered to do, - and sent a copy of the evidence to the visiting justices of the county, at the same time sending another copy, very, fairly, to Mr. Snape himself, that he might be fully in. formed oflevery statement elicited to his prejudice. Among other circumstances it transpired, as he wasproceedin- to observe, that a post o710rtem examination ha really talen place, as reported to the coroner; but it was mnade by Mr. 6nape and ji colleagues in the establishment, Dr. Dimond (the Medical Superintendent of the female Patients), and Mx. Dimond, jun., who were naturally iuenced by a' friendly feeling towards a daily associate and brother officer of the institution. The examination was conducted by young Mr. Dimond, who had just passed the College of ;Surgeons, his father and Mr. Snape being both present. On the chest being opened Mr. Snape pointed to some thickening matter about the heart., which he said denoted disease; hut Dr. Dinrond did not agree with him, and, being unable to discover any disease of the heart or any other natural cause of daeth, he abstained from attending the inquest. But the inquiry proceeded, and Dr. Dimond, anticipating the probability of his being examined by the CoD .nssioners of Lunacy, thought it desirable to have his opinion confirmed by some eminent medical authorities. He, therefore, took out the heart, and submitted it to Mfessrs. Hancock and Paget, who concurred with himi in opinion. There was one circumstance which, although not absolutely material, was nevertheless to be regretted, namely, the destruction of ,the heart after this examination; for, it having become offensive, and there being no apparent object in presenring it, it was deposited in the ashes of Dr. Dimond's surgery. StiU it was a matter of regret, because when the friends of Mr. Snape expressed a wish to have the body exhumed, and an order to that effect was obtained from the Home Secretary, it having come out that the heart was no longer in the body, but had been destroyed, it of course appeared uselessto carry that order into effect, and the exhumation did not take place. At the same time he (Mr. Bodkin) maintained that the circumstance was not material, either way, to the'present injuiry, for, even if it could be shown that there was some slight indication of disease of the hcart, it would only prove how, for that very reason, this unfortunate lunatic ought not to have been exposed to such severe treatment. If disease existed, and anything was done or directed to be done by Mr. Snare which would tend to accelerate the death of the patient, he would be equally answ-erable for the consequences-equally liable to the charge of manslaughter. The jury -would have to consider whether the order to pour a continuous stream of cold water for half-an-hour without cessation upon the bare head and body of an old man (65 years of age) did not manifest a reckless disregard of life, not tosay humanity, such as to make the defendant fairly amenable to the criminal law, followving, as that order did, upon an act of violence towards himtclf, and, considering the language by which it was accompanied, bearing all the aspect of revenge on the part of the defendant. The Commissioners might have proceeded in this case by indictment before the grand jury, but thought it fairer to the accused to have the matter first investigated before a magistrate. Yr. HENRY.-And better for a judge, as itvwill be the means of furnishing him mith depositions. Mr. Bodkin then examined the following witnesses John 0. Barnett, sworn,-I have been an attendant in the Surrey Lunatic Asylum, at Wandswvorth, between four and five years. My ward, NTo. 3, contains about 40 patients. I was acquainted with Daniel Dailey, who became an inmate in September last. He had been in and out of the asyluam sezveral times previously. lie was a very excitable ent at intervals. About aw eek before his death I gave -i a showerbath by order of Mr. Snape. I gave him no medicine after it on that occasion. On the 9th of April I saw Doaley in a very excited state at a quarter-nast 6 in the morning. He had struck another patient, who had caused this excitement. Dolley had his breakfast at8 o'clock. Ir. Snape came round, and I reported to him what Dolley had done. Mr. Snape spoke to him. I do not kriow what he said, but Dolley turned a deaf ear to him. Mr.- Snape then said, -I Come this way, Dolley," and walked towards the bathroom. M1r. Snape had the key of thebathroom in his hand, and was in the act of opening the door whenDolley struck him a" strongish" blow ontheheadwith his fist. Dolley triad to get away, but I followeed hini with another attendant named Davies. He turned round and kicked us. I blew mny whistle, upon which Ibbetson, a third attendant, came to our assistance. Mr. Snape was waiting at the bathroom door. We all went in, Doaley being still greatly excited. 1r. Snape desired us to put him into the bath. Dolley maid, "D- it, let me go to the farm to work," or words to that effect. 3a. Snape said,. '-Go into the bath quietly, Dolley," which he did. After he was in we fastened th bathdoor by letting down the bar, and turned the water on. A patient has no mieans of opening the door. There is no bei to ring, nor any window. I was desired by Mr. Snap s to keephiminhali-anhour. Mr. Snape said, "Puill tlln string, keep him in half-an-hour, and then give him a good dose of the light-coloured mixture, and look to him several times." After this M1r. Snape stood talking to me two or three minutes. HIe told me 'that he had never been struck before by a patient since he had been in the institution. He said this before he directed me to keep Dolley in the bath alfa n-hour and to give him a strong dose. I asked hiii to tell Davies when the time was up, as I had not got a watc'h, -MrZ.Srape"also-said;-"ILet 'himn-have-gruel-diet.,"-Someof the. ptients -se allowed tea-sometimes, as an- indul- gence, to encourage themaLAO work_ and emplov them-;- l selves. Dolley had been allowed tea a month previously, before he became excited, and -since then he had been kept on gruel night and moniing. -I loolced at him five times' -while he was in the bath. He held his hands over the to' of his head while the water was pouring down upon him.. saw Davies coming towards the bath;- IconsideredtheI half-hour mustbe up, so I opened the door and let him out.. Be had been in 28 minutes. -I took hold of him and hea walked to the end of the hip-bath, whichhe leaned against' wlile I dried and dressed him. I assisted in dressing him. I put his shirt on, and helpedhim onwithhistrousers He walked with me into the next room-the day-room-where 'there was afire, and there I gave him four tablespoonsful of the miedicine (tartar emetic), as I was desired to do. Xe swallowed part of it and spat part ofit out. Be was shivering. I went to find his shoes, and, not seeing any in the cupboard,I went to the shoemaker's.for a pir of slippers. stooping to put on his socts. Pinne,er another attendant, came to me while I was at a shoemaker's, and in consequence of what he said to nie I wVent direct to Mr. Snape. When I returned Dolley wvas inm o. 3 room lying dead upon a bed. The body was then taken to the deadhouse. This was about 15 or 20 minutes after he had left the bath. Cross-examined by Mr. Clarkson.-It is a common thing to give excited patients acold sbower bath. Dolley had had one, for a-guarter of an hour or 20 minutes, a month previously. Te did not appear more distressed than suaL Ee w.as a strong, hale man for his age. I saw no symptoms of distress either of the five times that I opened the bath and looked in. It is a common thingfor the patients to hold their'hands npon their heads. I was examined on oath belore the Commissioners. They asked me the question, " Don't you believe that this bath was given as a punishnient rather than to allay excitement ?" and I rephed, " I believe it was given to allay excitement." Some objection having been raised to this mode of examination, Mr. Clarkson stated that his object was to show that the Comnissioners had no right, under the statute, to put such questions to the witnesses before them-questions which invited to certain conclusions, instead of eliciting facts. .Witness.-I stated then, and I state now, that I do not believe the bath was ordered as a punishment. Mr. HEP,YY.-The witness should not be asked his opinion. That is matter for observation. Mr. Clarkson.-I do not wish to press the point. Mir. Snaps -is as anxious as the Commissioners can possibly be that this inquiry should go elsewhere;* therefore I do not proposeto make many observations here upon a charge which I solemnly believe has not the remotest shadow of foundation in fact. M Mr. HmMnY.--Really, Mr. Clarkson, nothing can be more rregular than for a counsel to express his own belief as to the guilt or innocence of his client. It is highly improper and wholly uncalled for. Cross-examnination continued.-AlI persons shiver when they come out of a cold bath, and I did not see that Dolley shivered more than usuaaL Mr. Snape was not excited at all 'when he gave the order for the half-hour's bath and ,etra dose. He is never an irritable man, but always kindhearted and attentive to the patients. He spoke very 'calmly when he said, "I was-never struck by a patient before," and a minute elapsed before he gave the order afterWards. We might have heard Dolley in the bath if he called out very loud. The pressure of the water is not so strong after the first eight minutes. It takes about that time to exhaust the cylinder, and then the water pours in from the tap, with only the ordinary pressur. I have often put excitable patients into the bath, and once or twice for 20 minutes, 'with great advantage to them. The Commissioners asked me if I did not force the mixture down Dolleyes throat; and I said I did not. Re-examined.-Mr. Snaps told me that he was nearly stunned by the blow which Dolley gave bim. I never knew of an instance, before this,of a patient being ordered into the bath forhalf-au-hour. Ihave known cases of 15 and 20 minutes. I know one case of 20 minutes. It was George Gale, and he was between 60 and 70, and is stil in the i-stitution. The emetic is part of the system. - r. Xan.-Do you mean to say that a patient benefits by' being kept in the bath 20 miutes? Witness.-Yes, judgingfrom theirappearance afterwards. I have also heard them say so themselves. Henry Pinnegar, another attendant in the asylum, gave some confirmatory evidence, and stated that 'when he entered the room where Dolley was placed, after he came out of the bath, he foundthe deceased conversing with another patient. The patient offered Dolley a piece of bread. He refused to take it, saying "Iam too cold," or something to that effect. Observing him tunm pale and draw up his legs and arms, and that his mouth opened, witness called to one of the attendants(Ibbetson)to look to him. Witness went away to two other patients who were quarrelling, and when he returned Dolley was dead. Cross-examined.-Dolley had been several times in the asylum, and he escaped from it once. John Ibbetson, also an attendant, stated that he first went to assist Barnett, on hearing his signal whistle, in puttiagDolleyinto the bath. After DoUey was taken out ne heard the signal whistle again, and on going to the room sawthe deceased, who seemed to be struggling in a fit. He! lifted him to a bed while Pinnegar went for the surgeon, but he died in four or five minutes, before they returned. Cross-examined.-I have often given a bath of 20 minutes, with an emetic afterwards, and consider the patient benefitted by the treatment. Re-exaniined.-I gave one of 20 minutes to a man named Barrett, between 30 and 40, and once to an older patient, aged 65. At this period of the examination it was arra=ged that an adjournment should take place for two or three weeks for the convenience of counsel, it being impossible to complete the case in time for the present sessions at the Old *'he defendant, who had appeared to the summons, was not required to give bail for hfs future attendance. ANsIO-IoUsE.-E. C. Rvland was brought before the LoRD YORL1x for re-examination upon the charge of having forged a check for 5251. upon the firm of Masterinan and .Co. Mr. Mullens, the solicitor to the Society of Bankers for the Prosecution of Forgeries and Frauds, conducted the prosecution. Michael Haydon, the detective officer, stated that the prisoner upon being apprehended denied that his name was Ryland, but afterwards admitted that fact. -Mr. George Keith, of the office of the Registrar-General at Somerset-house, said,-The prisoner was fomerly a supernumerary clerk under the Registrar-General at the Censasoffice. I have seen him Write frequently, and am well acquainted with the character of his handwriting, and to the best of my belief the filling up of the check produced is in his handwriting. Cross-examined by Mr. Hobler.-I saw this check on Friday, abont 1 or 2 o'clock. I compared it with a note of his, and it is chiefly from that comparison that I form my opinion. A note that had been written by the prisoner was snown tome by a gentleman whonm I believe to be a clerk from Mr. M lens's office. The name signed to it was " Ryland." I was asked whether I thought the note was his handwriting. I said I would not swear to it, but to the best of my belief I thought it was the same handwriting, and that was the reason why I now say that I believe the writing in the check is the prisoner's. The note was not left with me. I gave that and the check back to MIr. Mullens's clerk. Re-examined.-Irecollected the handwriting immediately I saw it. I speak from the comiparison, and also from the recollection of the handwriting. I recognized the note instantly. It was principally from the note that was shown to me. Mr. C. Keim, clerk in the InLand Revenue department, said,-I have frequently seen the prisoner write, and am acquainted with the character of his handvwriting. I believe the body of the check produced was written by me. Cross-examined by Mr. Xobler.-I did not particularly notice the name written at the foot of the note. Persons who are strangers to each other may write very much alike. My desk was behind the prisoner's, and I once heard the prisoner complimented on his handwriting, and that made me look more attentively to his writing, and the character of it. Mrs. Charlotte Wayland, niece of Mr. R. . Evans, of the Borough, said,-About March last I received from my I Incle a check for 151. in a letter. I cannot say whether the check for that sum is the same check. I got the check changed at the shop of Mr. Ewbank in the Clapham-road. There was also a blank check upon Messrs. Masterman and Co., in the same letter. That is the check now produced. I put the blank check in a pocket-book with the letter, in which it came. On the lWednesday in Easter week I missed my pocket-book. The prisoner lived occasionaUy at our house. He was sent by his uncle on board ship to go to Australia about August last, but he did not go and he was at our house without the knowledge of Mlr. Evans. A communication was made to me byMr.Evans aboutthe check for 5251. After that communication was made I saw the prisoner riding in a cab. I got into the cab with him and mentioned to him about a check for 5251. having been presented. Idid not then say anything about the suspicion resting upon anyone. I have spoken to bim since about suspicion restinguponhim. Xe did nothaving doue it. I do not recoUect whether he made any answer or not to the imnputation. Cross-examined by Mllr. Hobler.-I believe I lost my pocket-book on the Tuesday or Wednesday in Easter week. f believe it was taken from my pocket in an omnibus, or in the street. It was a fortnight or three weeks before that I received the check and the letter. Mr. E. Benjamin, fish salesman, said,-The prisoner was once clerk to me, and kept my books. I am well acquainted vith his handwvriting. The filling up of the check is in his handwriting, certainly. Cross-examined by MIr. Hobler.-I speak to it positively from comparison with my book, and also from my knowledge of his handwriting. Mr. }. IL Evans, hop merchant, of the Borough, said,-I bank at3Messrs. Aasterman and Co.'s. The prisoner is my nephew. Last summer I arranged with him that 3te was to go to Australia, and I andother relatives subscribed for his passage and outfit, and up to the time of this transactior I was under the impression that he had sailed for that destination. I did not know that he had been living in the house of MErs. WVayland. I have been in comnimunication vith her continually since August last; and about the 10th of March last I sent to her a check (produced) for 151., drawn by mne on M1essrs. Masterman and Co., the number of whieh is 81,443 G*. The check preduced for 5251. bears a signature wvhicl is not my handwriting, nor was it signed by my anthority. The number is S,1443. The two checks came out of the saue book. I ani in the habit of carrying blank checls in mny pocket. The check for 151. was filled up front a bla.nk check in my pocket. I was not aware that I had sent to Ars. Wayland a blank cheek wvith the check for 151. I took out a port ion of tha cheeks for my own private use. Cioss-examined by Mir. Hober.-The checks came out of 'my check-book-, wvhichl I keep in my counting-house in the it on safe. The prisoner is not in my emnplo3rnent. He would riot have access to my iron safe in which the check-book was Iept. et. M. Ewbank, cheesemoneer, Clapham-road, said, about the 13th of Warch last I changed a check for 151. on Masterni-n and Co., for Mrs. Waylaiad, and I paid it away to -Mr. 3Bird, of Wew te-Atneet, onthe samc day, or-the day after. Cross-examined by Mr. Hobler.-I did hOt mark t c'h eck. atXA h The prisoner was remanaed ti]lXonday next HAsI; OROUGH-STREET.-FroU "AnAmericL. i,",2l.,and. from "Medmenham," IL have been reoeived for the poor:box. W os}I-r .-311ei.j ynld and 3ames Dfowl- alias Burgess, two powerful fellows well-known to the poiice, wereehxgeditihbt 'burg'r Each prisoner conducted hiself 9with an air of impuadent defiance throughout, and both were conmmitteditM that day weeklforthe completionof the depositions.. T-Jo.-.ohn Ostren, atallSwede,sailor,ar,outOyears of he, was, on xemand, chargedwith cutting and wouni Dennis O'Ieary and Patrickc Murpby, Irishi labourers~, anUjZ a woman, name unklnownL -. - Mz. SEuFE committed the prisoner for tria. LassEnx -Wfilliarn Gallent andMary A-nn Clemson, who have been remanded for a week on a charge of pickin; pockets at the Crystal Palace, were brought before the ion. G7 C. NORTO- iox further examination. Mr. Nlo1iTox observed, that there were many cirulmstances of a suspicious character against the male prisoner, but if he was an honest or respectable man he could -produce witnesses to show it. A person, who gave the name of Cousins, and said he was the owner of Nos 4, 11, 12. alnd 13, Short's-gardeng, Drury-lane, got into the witness-box, and said the prisoner resided at his house for 18 months, and was a respectable young man and a musician, and offered to be bail for himurn FYom the manner in which the wvitness gave his evidence Mr. Lund, the superintendent of the P) division, requestec. the magistrate to give time to inquire about hinm, and Mr. N ORTON, complying ith his request, remanded the male prisoner again, and discharged the woman.
NAVAL A)YD MILITARY I ZTRLLIGENCW% Eer Majesty's ship Nile, 91, Captain Mundy, left Spitliead yesterdfLy afternoon under steam and sail for North Asmerica. The Queen of the South and Trent steam transports went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to land the Royal Artillery, &c., they arrived with on Sunday from tho Crimea. The steam despatch gunboats Assurance and Sparrowbawk, Commanders Jones and Cresswell, made a trial of their engines and speed at Stokes Bay yesterday, preparatory, it is supposed, to following the squadron under Captain Watson. The Otter steamvessel, 3, Lieutenant Glover, left Ports. mnouth yesterday, with supernumeraries, for the eastward. At noon yesterday the hired transport Sir Robert Sale, No. 186, having in tow the sailing transport No. 125, was off Plymouth Sound, up Channel. Both had troops on board. At 5 o'clock in the evening the Himalaya, from the Crimea, hauled in towards the Sound, and, on receivhig orders from the Port-Admiral, proceeded to Portsmouth. The entire steam squadron sailed from Fahnouth on Friday, the following under sealed orders-viz., Innperieuse, Iii, Captain Watson, C.B., with the Victor, Ringdove, and Intrepid, double funnel despatch boats, and the others on a cruise, comprising the Wanderer, Pioneer, Mohawk, and Iapwing, single funnel despatch boats, and the StarlngDrake, Beaver, and Janus, gunboats. These vessels had all been fully stored and provisioned for sea. The iron paddlewheel steamer Princess Alice and the steam-transport Rhadamanthus were yesterday admitted into the outer basin of Woolwich dockyard. The steamship Taurus, Captain George R. Langlands, recently taken up for the transport service of Government, .and numbered 23, arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning from Liverpool, for the immediate shipment of shot and ammunition forQuebecund Halifax.T he storing of the magazine, which is to be as spacious as the accomimodation of the ship will admit, is to be commenced forthwith, and during -the interim the embarcation of gun-carriages, shot, and Tower stores, bedding, &c., will be carried out, vhen she will be moored in the stream for the transfer of the ammunition which is deposited in the foating magazines, and she will most probably be ready for sea before the end of the month. The steam-transport Alice Jackson, No. 30, has arrived off Woolwich Arsenal, and has commenced landing her cargo of returned Ordnance supplies fromathe E.ast. It consists of shot, shell, and other stores. The Maria Catarina, from Funen, and three other Swedish schooners, have arrived off Woolwich Arsenal, and landed about 400 tons of pig iron, which is intended for gun casting purposes. Colonel Needham, Royal Artillery, and the officers and gunners forming that portion of the E and W batteries, lately landed at Portsniouth, arrived at head-quarters, Woolwich, yesterday mornimng, with the whole of the horses in good condition. Au escalading party, consisting of eight officers and 12S non-commissioned officers and privates, the whole selected from the troops belonging to the Provisional Battalion at Chatham, proceeded yesterday afternoon from Chatham Barracks to the ramparts at the rear of Brompton Barracks for the purpose of being instructed in escalading by Colonel EI. Sandaiam, Director of the Royal Engineers' Establishment, and Major F. C. Hassard, P.E. Yesterday a field battery, consisting of 5 officers, 122 horses, 184 men, G guns, and 11 carriages, arrived at Liverpool, and embarked the same evening for Dublin in the Prince and Princess steamers. The following will also sail f-om Liverpool for Dublin :-On the 21st, a field battery of 5 officers, 14S men, 122 horses, 6 gtns, and 11 carriages; on the 26th, 11 offlcers, 265 men, and 1:S3 horses of the 1st Dragoon Guards; on the 27th, 6 officers, 1355 horses, 136 men, 6 guns, and 10 carriages, belonging to the Royal Horse Artillerv. From Dublin the Prince and Princess will bring 4 officers, 364 men, and 221 horses belonging to the 4th Dragoon Guards. The steamiship Cleopatra arrived at Liverpool from Dtublin yesterday with the Wlest York Rifles, under the command of LUeutenant-Colonel Monckton, -who proceeded to Pontefract. The Cleopatra will proceed to Dublini to-imor. rowv with the 5th depot. The Eugenie sailing-transport left Liverpool for Cork on Sunday. At Cork she will embark troops of the line and sail for Halifax. The Great Britain steamship, which arrived at Liverpool en Saturda y from Malta, with the 3d Royal Lancashire and the Northamptonshire Militia from Gibraltar, went into dock yesterday, and the troops proceeded to their depots. The followNing appointments have been made at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant F. Harvey, to the Atalanta; Lieutenant D. E. Orr, to the Boscaven; Lieutenant George Blakeley, to the Boscawen; C. H. Robarts, midshipman, to the Cressy; H. E. A. WValler, midshipixian, to the Bosca-wen; C. H. Hawkins, naval cadet, to the Tribune; H. H. Kelly, E. Purcell, E. A. W ard, and L. N;. Moncrieff, niaval cadets, to tho BoEcawen ; Henry Lamb, acting second master, to the Boscawen; W% illiam J. Mayne, niaster's assistant, to the Waterloo; Robert J. Ellis, master's assistant, to the Firefly; Hugh Croskery, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Boscawen; Charles E. Phillips, assistant-paymaster, to the Formidable ; James F.. Andrews, paymaster, to the Nile; Luke Masterson, paymaster, to the Cressy.
BECRUITIYG INY CANADA BY THE UNVITED STATES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-As I believe no arguments that could have been nrged froem this side of the water would have arrested the course of the American Government in recklessly imperilling the peaceof the worldforselfLshparty purposes, Ihave hitherto refrained from calling your attention to the practice of the American Govermunent itself in regard to the main reason for which it has proceeded to dismiss the English Amubassador. As 1 fLnd, however, that some of my neighbours think that the act wlhich may light up the beacon of war was one for which our Ministeis had no precedent, I should like it to be made known that in 1S49-50, when I was travelling through the lnited States, at that time carrying on hostilities against Mexico, I observed that agents were employed in Canada to engae recruits for the Uinited :tates' army, and I saw the recruiting sergeant conic on board the steamerfrom St. John's (Canada) on her arrival at Plattsburg (Lake Champlin), and heard him ask the captain of the vessel qulietly if there were any men for him. H ow many of the force sent against exico were thus raised I had no mneans of learning. The practice could scarely have been unknown to the Canadian Government, but it is likely that no desire was entertained on that side of the boundary to provoke an.gry discussions, and the removal of some idle restless spirits might have bcen considered as a gain. I am, Sir, yours faithfullv. A 'TRA.VYELLER. uneiC ii.
N1MILITAhY EDU-CATION AT HAPRow.-The following circular has been lately addressed to the parents of boys novw at Harrow :-"Dr. Vaughani has long felt the necessity of furnishing boys designed for the anny wvith the means of Prosecuting at Harrow sich studies as may be required by thn rules of the examinations for conumissions. He believes that the habit of removing such boys early from a public school, in order to place them under special preparation for the army with a private tutor, is disadvantageous to their general education, and by no means favourably regarded by the military authorities. Yet the amount of mathematical knowledge attainable under existing circumstances in a classical school is confessedly insuflicient for the end in Niew. Dr. V-aughan has therefore arranged that those boys who are pupils of the miiitary master shall devote to extra mathematical studies that portion of their time which they have hitherto given to verse composition. For this urpose he has secured the services of a gentleman eminently distinguished on the Cambridge mathematical tripos, -who will be responsible for the training of the military students at Harrow in their mathematical and other special subjects, while Major Griffiths retains the charge of their instruetion in military drawin!z and fortification. In all other respects these boys will pursue the ordinary studies of the school, retaining their places in their classical forms, carrying on their usual work in mathemnatics and mrodern languages, and competing with the rest of their schoolfellows in the regular examinations, the marks which they lose in verses being compensated by additional papers in ,mathe. :matics. No addition will be made tothe fornier charges for military tuition. Thus, it is hoped, that a thorough preparation for the army will be provided at Harrow, and that boys mnay pass at once thence to their examinations for commissions,vwithout forfeiting prematurely the peculiar advantiges offered by a public school to those vho are to occupy in after life so important a social position." FrcuHTrYnL DALTU.-_Aai inq[est has been held at Hartlepool upon the body of William Dann, a painter, who met his death on Friday forenoon under the followngpainful circumstlaces -Hie and soeie other workmen were painting some three-storied houses in the Church-walk in that town. His fellow-workmen were not particularly observing his movements, and were following their avocations, about 11 o'clock, whleni they were startled by the noise of a sudden fall, followed by piercing cries of anguish. They then saw that the poor fellow had fallen the height of three stories, and was inPaled. upon tlhe palisading beloiv. 'The pointed to of one of the rails hadl enteredl his side below the left sloulder, and soon aftcer Iis felow-workomen reach.ed him he expired. Duinn had been ia the liabit of descending the ladder on the innier sid, biit the cautse of his fall no one knows. Ile in prite a yongmn. ces TEA tRi ' strikJune 16n.-The deliveries in London, estimated for the week, were sales, being a falling off of 23,4051b., compared wierte peiuste. maent. wt h rvossae GLAsG;ow,JileI4.-Cottoli....Aeh,,e little chang,e to notice in our cotton-market this weekwhich has throg oh. oat been quiet and inactive. Prices tre about 6 d. os r lb lower. There has been more une fr goods oed at during the last two days, but the niusiness doing- is still of a6 limited nature, with no change in Prices. PiGIron.-The, cestion of the miners strikes and fr?Aul approach to former make of pig iron has encouraged saes, and since our last have declined fullY 5s. Per. ton. MxdNs warrants were done to-day as lows as 73s. 6d. casb, at which there was inquiiry at close. One or two Parcels offered at 73s'. 9id.; No. 3, Lnm.b., 75e. 6d.; -NO. 3, 723.; C4artsherrie, 77s. Gd.
ARRtYAL OF GENEBAL 1IVLLMAMS, K.C.B. (From the Do-eer CThronicle.) General Williams arrived yesterday by the Royal Mail and Continental Steampacket Company's packet Queen vhich had been specially retained for the purpose. Iminediately the steamer drew alongside the quay, the mayor, Mr. James WVorafold, and several of the authorities, proceeded onbeardwithColonel LaLe,who servedso nobly by the side of General Williams at wars, *nd who was in attendance to welcome him to the shores of England. Colonel Lake introduced the Mayor to General Wiliams, who, on thus being recognized by the large crowd who lined the quay, was cheered most enthusiastically. Loud hurrahs continued to rend the air while the gallant general, who was lookin' remarkably well, proceeded up the landing. stairs, and did not cease until he arrived at Birmingham's Royal Ship Hotel, where he had arranged tostay for a short period before proceeding to London. Immediately on reaching the ship the corporation presented an address. The presentation took place in one of the principal apartments of the hotel, anld those present consisted of the principal authorities and the elite of Dover. The address, w hich was read by Mr. Stilwell, was as follows:- "TO MAJOR-G SER.L SIP. VILLI.A FESlNJNICK W1LLL4IS OF RARS, BART., x.C.n. 'Sir,-We, the mayor, aldermen. and burgesses of the borough of Dover, in the county of Kent, miost gladly avail ourselves of the occasion of your first landing on the shores of England, after the gallant defence of Ears, to offer our warmest congratulations on your safety, and to express our admiration of that defence, scarcely paralleled in the annals of history, not only for the energy and skin of the coinmander, but also for the courago and endurance amid the trials of famine and disease and the horrors of the assault of those brave soldiers whom it was your good fortune to command. "W We feel confident that although you wvill, without doubt, receive, as you so well deserve, congratulations more imposing, they cannot be more sincere than those we have the honour of hastily tendering you to-day." General WMLUSeS replied as follows,-AMr. Mayor, ladies and gentlemen, in returning thanks for the honour you have done me it is in terms inadequate to express my feelings that I do so. Seldom, if ever, called on to address a body of ladies and gentlemen such as I now see, I labour under difficulties of no ordinary character; but I assure yon that I feel most deeply the honour you have done me. I feel it the more, perhaps, in consequence of this day being the anniversary of the day on which General Mouravieff appeared before Ears. (Cheers.) For myself, I thank God for having preserved me through so many dangers, and that it has been my fortune to serve the Queen in such a manner. I am thankful that it has pleased Her Most Gracious Majesty to shower on me so many honours; I am thankful that I have obtained the goodwill of this glorious country ; and especially that I havebeen spared to witnessthe manifestation of itthis day. (Cheers.) In addressing an assemblage of my countrymen on landing upon British soil I have more than one duty to perform ; and the first is to allude to those brave men who surrounded me in the hour of extreme distress 'who were indefatigable in discharging their duty under the trying circumstances in which they were placed, and who supported and cheered me under every difficulty. (Hear, hear.) They never once flagged in the performance of their duties, day or night. By day they were at their posts-at night they were in the trenches. (Cheers.) But, while I feel the greatest pleasure in adverting to their glorious conduct, I have a melancholy duty to perform, and a tribute to pay to departed heroism and worth-to the miemiory of one of my brave companions, Captain Thompson. It was only the day before yesterday, while at Pans, that I heard of his severe illnese, and little did I then think that the scenes of this world would soon close upon him. I had looked forward to visiting his mother's house and cheering him as lie had so freouently cheered me. Unfortunatelyunhappily, it has been ordered otherwise. The only consolation which can be offered to his widowed mother is, that her lamented son died a glorious specimen of an English officer. (Cheers.) I can assure yoa that he vas never daunted; that when reduced to a skeleton bv dire disease he was not prevented from doing his duty day or night. Poor llrs. Thompson will have the consolation which has been the only consolation experienced by many mothers during the present war-they have given their sons to the service of the country ! And if the day comes when the repetition of this sacrifice shaU be necessary, I believe there will be thousands who wiU give up their offspring as readily as the mothers who are now weeping for the loss of theirs; for woe to the nation that forgets the military art ! Woe to that nation-woe to that nation which heaps up riches but which does not take the precaution to defend them. (Hear, hear.) I have passed through armed Europe, and I take this the earliest opportunity of uttering a warning to those who forget the military art. (Cheers.) I have another duty to perform, and that is, to recall the courage and discipline of those brave Turks, under Sehm Pasha, their commanding officer, and the Turkish general officers, who supported me in every trying situation, and wvho, from the first moment of entering the place to the last, were my friends and counsellors. I thank them from this spot, and bear testimony to their valour, for it 'Would have been impossible for the Turkish army to show more endurance and true courage than they did. (Loud cheers.) I have another duty to perform, in doing which I turn to our former enemies, now our friends, the Russians. When dire necessity obliged me to go into the camp of General Mouravieff, I went to a brave man, who received me w ith a kindness and a highmindedness I shall never cease to remember. An army irritated with dreadful losses and the other casualties of war received me when I went among them, not as an enemy, but as a comrade-received me not with the skin-deep politeness displayed when two gentlemen meet, but with the politeness of the heart. General louravieffis a manof the oldentime. He is a stern man, but I believe that if there is an honest man on earth it is he. I have heard it said that a project has been debated in England, having for its object the presentation of a testimonial of British esteem to General Mouravieff. I can only say, that he and Isis brave army have my greatest esteem. (Hear.) He not only received ine kindly, but in the hour of sickness he visited me, and in all my intercourse with him he acted as a brave and chivalrous man should act. In Ears he found a half-starved, hall-clothed army. He fed and clothed them. lfor was he less attentive to the wants of those in whom the seeds of disease were sown, and in whom famine had more than half accomplished its deadly work. (Loud cheers.) I must also tell youthat in passing through Russia, from one end of the empire to the other, I have experienced in no small degree thefriendship and charm of Russian society. When I arrived at S~t. Petersburg the Emperor received me in so kind a manner that nothing could have exceeded it. (Hear, hear.) That kindness was again repeated at Berlin, wlhere no man could have been received with greater honour. The Iing of Prussia and the young Prince, wvho is at present in England, and who is soon to be allied to England by ties more close and binding than at present, met me at the head of the troops, and treated me vith the greatest possible consideration. I return them my most sincere thanks from this British grosmd. (Cheers.) The kindness and consideration which, as I tell you, were vouchsafed to me in Russia and Germanv were repeated in France, when I arrived among our glorious and brave allies, the French. (Hear.) God grant that that alliance may hold good for many years to come! (Loud and prolonged cheering.)) lhe day before yesterday I was presented to the Emsperor, from whoim some time since I had the distinguished honour of receiving the cross of Commander of the Legion of Honour. I was sorry that, having sent it to England, I was unable to wear it upon my breast upon that occasion, and I expressed that regret to the Emperor and explained the reason, upon which His Majesty immediately rose from his seat and said, "II will get you another !" a moment he broniht me out the star of Grand Commandor of the order, which he presented to me. (Loud cheers.) I felt that the act was towards the British nation-not towards me; it was totally une.xpected and incaUed for. And now that I have arrived home among you I feel that I am witnessing the happiest day of my life. (Cheers.) Xr. Miayor, ladies, and gentlemen, I thank you most heartily for your kind expressions, and for the consideration with which you have listened to me. At the conclusion of the speech the usual etiquette observed on siich occasions was tlrown aside and notwithstanding the presence of the ladies a hearty cheer resounded through the apartment. Cheers were also given for Colonel Lake, M1ajor Teesdale, Mr. Secretary Churchill, as well as "one cheer for the Russian General." The cheer was echoed from the outside of the hotel, in front of which an inmiense crowd of persons had collected. Loud cals were also made for General Williams, who, on presenting himself at the balcony in company vwith the Mayor, was received with the greatest enthllsiasm. The Mayor aLso begged Coloiiel Lake, Major Teesdale, and Mr. Secretary ChurchUIl to present tlieniselves at the window, and the cheeriig at each presentation was renewed. The shipping in the harbour and the prinlcipal houses in the vicinity were gaily decorated with fiags. General WlDliams afterwards partook of a (MejeuCer with the authorities, provided at the Ship Hotel, and left for London by the 2 o'clock train.
COURT CIRCULAR. AThe Queen went yesterday morning to the Camp at Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, -with the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice, left Buckingham Palace at 20 minutes before 10 o'clock, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The Royal suite consisted of Lady Macdonald, the Ron. Mary Bulteel, LieutenantGeneral Baron Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, Baron Gemsmingen, and Lieutenrant de Scbreckenstein. The Royal party occupied five of the Queen's cersiages, and was escorted by a party of the 3d Light Dragoons to the private station at Vauxhall. Her Majesty traveled by a special train on the South-Western Railway to Farn- Mr. Crampton, late British MWinister to the United States of America, arrived in London yesterday, and had an interview with the Earl of Clarendon. Mr. Crampton also paid a visit to Viscount Palmerston. Sir Henry Barkly had an interview -with Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonial-office. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday at the Council-chamber, and heard petitions for extensions of Lee's railway breaks, Betts' capsuling bottles, and other patents. The Lords presents were-the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, Sir W. Maule, and Sir E. Rvan. Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Goveniors of the North American Provinces, and from the Governor of Bermudz. Despatches were sent yesterday to the Governors of the Wesit India Islands. THE 4s21y.-Under the Sutpplementary Estimates asum of l,500e. is reuired for the gratuitous education of 20 Queen's Cadets, the sons of officerswho have died on service and left their families in reduced circumstances. The cadets will be educated in the Royal Military College.
THE ATTACK ON MRIJS2f'R. In the Senate at w.ashington on the 2d- inst. the presiding officer laid before it the following apology from the assailant of Mr. Sumner - S "House of Representatives, May 29. "Sir,-Ihaveseenin the public journals thismorning the report of the Senate Committee to whom was referred theresolution of the Senate directing an inquiry into an assault made by me on the 22d inst. on a senator from Massachusetts. It is with unfeigned regret I find in the report that what I hadintendedonlyas a redress forpersonal wrong should havebeen construed, or must necessarily, as a breach of the preivileges of the Senate. While making afixUf and explicit dclaimer of any such desire or purpose, I ask leave to say that for the occasion, considering myself only as a gentleman in society, and under no political restraint as a member of the House of Representatives, I did not revert to or consider there was any alternative or restraint imposed upon me by reason that the offence came from a member of the Senate. I had read carefully and attentively the speech delivered on the 19th and 20th inst., the speech delivered in the Senate by the senator from Massachusetts, and found therein language which I rezarded as unjustly reflecting, not only upon the history ana character of South Carolina, but also upon a friend and relative. To such language I thought TIhad a just right to take exception under the circumstances, the senator from South Carolina, who was affected by those remarks, being absent from the Senate and city. I had reason to believe the senator from Massachusetts did not acknowledge that personal responsibility for wrongs in personal deportment,which would have saved me the painful necessity of the collision wlhichIsought; and,inmy udgment, therefore, Ihadnoalternative but to act as I did. That the assaultwas made in the Senate Chamber was caused only by the fact that after a careful search elsewhere, on the previous as well as on the same day, the offender could not be found outside the wais of the Senate Chamber, and the Senate had adjourned for more than an hour previous tothe-assault. I submit theforegoing statement from the high respect I have for the Senate of the 'United States, and ask that it may be received as a full disclaimer of any design to infract its privileges or offend its dignity. I cheerfuly add, should the facts as reported by the committee of the Senate be nevertheless necessarily considered as a breach of privilege, as a conclusion of law, my earnest desire to atone for it, as far as may be by'this unhesitating and unqualified apology, that you will oblige me by commuilcating this to the Senate as its p residing officer. I have the honour to remain, Sir, "With great respect, your servant, " P. S. BROOKS. "To the Hon. Jcsse D. Bright, President of the Senate." The letter was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. Iathe House of Representatives a report concluding as follows was presented "Whereas the Senate of the United States have transmitted to this House a message cornilaining that Preston S. Brooks, a representative from South Carolina, committed un the erson of Charles Sumner, a senator fromn the State of Massachusetts, while seated at his desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of that body on the 22d of May last, a violent assault which disabled him from attending to his duties in the Senate, and declaring that said assault was a breach of the privileges of that body * and whereas, from the respect of the privileges of the Erouse, the Senate have further declared that, inasmuch as the said Preston S. Brooks is a member of this House, they cannot arrest and a fortiori cannot try or punish bim for a breach of their privileges; that they cannot proceed further in the case than to maLe complaint to this House, and that the power to arrest, try, and punish, devolves solely on this body; and whereas, upon full investigation, it appears to this House that the said Preston S. Brooks has been guilty of the assault complained of by the Senate with the most aggravated circumstances of violence; that the same was a breach of the privilegzes, not only of the Senate, but of the senator assailed, and of this House as aceordinate branchofthe legislative department of the Government, in direct violation of the constitution of the United States, which declares that senators and representatives, for any speech or debate in either House, shall not be questioned in any otlher place; and whereas this House is of the opinion that it has the power and ought to punish the said Preston S. Brooks, for the said assault, not only as a breach of the privileges of the senator assailed, and of the Senate and House as declared by the constitution, but as an act of disorderly behaviour; and whereas, it further appears from such investigation, that Henry A. Edmundson, a representative from the State of Virginia, and Lawrence M. Keitt, a representative from South Carolina, some time previous to said assault, \vere informed that it was the purpose of the said Brooks to commit violence upon the person of the said Charles Sumner, for words used by him in debate as a senator in the Senate of the UJnited States, and took no means to discourage or prevent the same, but, on the contrary, anticipating the commission of such violence, were present on one or more occasions to witness the same, as friends of the assailant, therefore resolved,-That Preston S. Brooks be, and is hereby, forthwith expelled from this House as a representative from the State of South Carolina. Resolved,-That this House hereby declare its disapprobation of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Lawrence AtL Keitt, in regard to said assault. " Signed by Mr. Campbell (Ohio), Spinner, amd Pennington.'Y Mr. Howell Cobb, representing the minority of the committee, presented a minority report, arguing that no breach of privilege, under the constitution, had been committed, and that the House had no powver to go beyond the constitution in deciding that a brcach of privilege had been committed. Both reports were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. __________
THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVEYTION AT CINrCINNVATI. As previously announced this Convention commenced proceedings at Cincinnati on the 2d inst. For some time before the meeting took place the greatest excitement e;isted in the city, no less than 20,000 strangers being supposed to have arrived. All the hote]s were fild to overflowing, and had to obtain accommodation for their guests inprivate houses, and the Burnet-house had to make up 3,(0 cots in an adjoining wrarehouse. Each of the contesting delegations from Yew York had Pamphlets in circulation urging their resPeCtive claims. The firing of cannon announced the assembling of the Convention, and at 12 o'clock precisely the assemblage was called to order by MLr. R. M'Lane, of Indiana. Mr. Samuel Medary, of Ohio, was unanimously elected temporary chairman. While the cal for the Convention was being read by Mr. English, of Indiana, a sadden uproar was beard at the door of the hail. The Benton delegates from Missouri knocked down the doorkeepers and forced their way into the hall. Tickets had been issued to the anti-Benton party. The Bentonists made a forcible entry amid cries of '-Shame !" "Put them out !" and great confusion. The delegates were frightened and ran from their seats. Three or four delegates jumped upon the chairs, and one of the Missourians drew a revolver, but did not fire. There was an immense panic, but quiet was soun restored through the efforts of some of the Empire Club, who protected the doorkeeper. The inside doorkeeper showed fight and knocked down one of the Missourians, who swore they would go over his dead body. The doorkeeper rejoined, "I have got two boys, one named Stephen A. Douglas, and I will be d- if you shal go over my body." He was, however, overwhelmed by numbers. 'Upon quietbeing restored, the reading of the call was proceeded with, and Mr. M'Lane explained, that as Missouri and New York had appeared with twvo sets of delegates, it was decided not to give tickets to either, unless they arranged among themselves which should receive them. The CrInRnaUN, on taking his seat, returned thanks for the honour which had been done hiim, and stated that he had attended every democratic Convention since the first. He extolled democracy, and thought it was destined to triumph. After some preliminary proceedings, a committee consisting of one delegate from each uncontested State was selected. A discussion then arose in reference to the forcing of the doors of the house, but it was of short duration. Mr. Bocock, of Virginia, caled attention to the fact that Missouri's seats were contested, and that Missouri had been allowed to appoint a committeeman. The Missouri member was consequently withdrawn. A resolution to assign unoccupied seats to outside delegates was opposed. A comrnittee of organization, with power to report rules to govern the Convention, was then appointed. A cal made by Massachusetts for a verification of the vote on the motion to appoint a cosmuittee on platform by States was decided in order, and the Convention proceeded to vote by States on the motion to lay the resolution on the table. The call was defeated, and the resolution adopted iunanimously. A motion that a committee of one from each State be appointed, except from \Tewv York and Missouri, to decide at once in regard to the contested seats of those States, was ruled out of order. A committee on platform was then appointed. After deciding that the front seats of the gallery should notbe appropriated to the ladies, the Convention adjourned until the morning of the 3d inst. The special reporter of the Nezs York Herald writes . " The Committee on Credentials have just decided against Benton's faction. A row is anticipated to-morrow, as an attempt will be made by them to force their way into the Convention. The New York Softs are disposed to compromise, but the Hards contend that they are the only trae representatives of the democratic party, and refuse. The excitement is increasing. The Committee on Resolutions are in session, and have not yet finished the platform. The Committee on Organization, after a qiuiet struggle, have agreed upon General John E. Ward, of Georgia, as Presicent of the Convention. He is a member of the bar of that State, and has had experience as a presiding officer, having been Speaker of the House of Representatives of Georgia. He is an original friend of Buchanan, though acting, under instructions, in favour of Pierce. The Committee on Credentials are now busy on the Missouri contested election case. To-morrow morning they will hear parties in the New York case. Mr. Beardslee wll argue the case for the Hards and Governor Seymour for the Softs. They are to have an hour each. It is thought that the adoption of the platform wiU give rise to considerable debate. The Bncanan men will strenuously oppose debate."
YOUNG GRO1Sn.-The Greenock AdveWiser says:"During the present fine weather the broods of young grouse on the moors in the neighhourhood are improving rapidly, and some are already able to fly from 50 to G0 yards. Each brood numbers, on an average, eight birds, A Strath! don correspondent of the Banffeldrc Jou7rna states that a recent hailstorm there bad done great injury to the grouse in that district, whole young broeds having been destroyed. The birds had also suffered somewhat from the severo weather which had prevailed in that district, and generaUy upon the high lands during the past few weeks." CRYSTAL PALACE.-ONE SH nTh G DAY, Monday, June 16.-Admissions on payment, 6,370; ditto, by season tickets, Z09; total visitors, 6,939.
D:PAnTuuRE or MR. CRAmaIYON AND THE CoNSULS.-Mr. Crampton, late British Minister near the Cabinet at Washington, and Mr. Anthony Barclay, the late British Consul at this port (Messrs. Mathew and Rowecroft remaining for the present), are to leave Boston to-morrow by the British steamer, having been civilly dismissed by the Federal Government in consequence of their violation of the laws of the United States in regard to the enlistment of residents here to serve in foreign armies. A request for their recall was made some time since on their Govermment, but the request was not backed by the evidence that has since been collected by the State Departnent; and thereis no reason to suppose that the British Cabinet was made fully aware of the state of the case. Since that request was despatched new testimony has placed the guilt of the four officials beyond question. At the sanie time the British Government, relying perhaps in some measure on the inadequacy of the evidence which it had then before it, and placing too much faith in the protestations of the accused, refused to recall them. Under these circumstances-though it is not to be doubted that the interests of both countries would have been better served by more straightforward dealing, and less lawyering and pettifogging both at Washington and at London-there -was nothing left for the UnitedStates' Government but to give an earnest of its belief in the protestations of Lord CIarendon, and of the sincerity of its -wish to keep the two nations united, by dismissing the Minister whose conduct cannot be reconciled with Lord Clarendon's despatch except on the supposition that he rashly transcended his in.- structions. It will doubtless be an excellent thing for both countries. Mr. Crampton was a very respectable, amiable man- but his own Government must long since have been satisfied of his unfitness for the station he held. Such momentous interests as those of the two branches of the Anglo-Saxon race onght not to be intrusted to the keeping of persons who forget to read despatches and who are so sadly deficient in tact and propriety as to repeat in their official despatches the newspaper scandals against the Government to which they are accredited. Mr. Crampton was an attache: to the British Enbassy at St. Petersburg, and a Secretary at Washington under Pakenham and Bulwer; and in these capacities he gained friends and credit, both of which he has contrived to lose since he became Minister. He had better be sent to Victoria. For the three Consuls who are also dismissed the feeling here is very sympathetic, though doubtless sympathy is the last thingthey require. Both Mr. Barclay and Air. Mathew were lonig and favourably known in the communities where they resided. They were men of high character, amiable disposition, and adequate capacity. The country would have been well pleased had the Presidentalloweed them to remain; though, unless the British Government behave very meanly and shabbily, they will be gainers by the change.-Necw York Herald, June 3. THEx SOu?5D DwES.-The official correspondence relative to the Sound Dues has just been published. It extends from October, 1855, to May last. The result of the meeting of the commission assembled at Copenhagen for the consideration of the dues levied at the Sound and the Belts was the proposal of a scheme by M. de Bluhnie, the Danish Commissioner, according to which Denmark was prepared to accept, as a final settlement of the question, a sum of 35,000,000 rix dollars, or 3,937,5001., of which En-land would havehadto contribute a quotaof 10,12G,855rix dolars, or 1,139,2711., being about 29 per cent. of the total indemnity to be paid to Denmark. These were declared by M. de Blubme to be the very lowest tenms that Denmark could accept. The Government of Her Majesty, having duly considered the subject, intimated to Mr. Buchanan in March last that they could not assent to the principle of the pro. osed arrangement-viz., to the payment of a gross sum at or the extinction of the charge. Her Majesty's Government was not prepared to recommend to Parliament to vote a sum of money for that purpose, nor was it likely that Parliament, especially at this moment, wvould consent to impose so heavy a burden on the general taxation of the country in order to remove a charge on one particular branch of trade. Her Majesty's Government, at the same time, expressed an opinion that a solution of the difficulty migh' be found by commuting the present dues for a tonnage duty to be levied by Denmark, for a given number of years, at the first Baltic port of entry or the last Baltic port of clearance, instead of at Elsinore. There appeared to be no insuperable objection to this arrangement, and it would have this great advantage-that, while the amount of the duty, and the number of years for which it should be be levied, might be fixed on the principle of an annuity, so as to secure to Denmark a reasonable indemnity for the ultimate extinction of the charge, the present obnoxious stoppage of vessels at Elsinore would be wholly done away with, and the charge would be borne for a lhnited number of years by that branch of trade alone uipon which the present dues are imposed, instead of faUing on the general taxation of the country. This proposal of the English Government was decisively rejected by that of Denmark, which, it is declared, " will meet al the risks which the question involved rather than agree to a measure so impracticable and so inconsistent wvith their interests and their indisputable rights." On the 9th of May a protocol was signed at Copenhangen, recording the acceptance of the Danislh proposal for the capitalization of the Sound Dues by Russia and Sweden. JONT SADLEIR.-Mr. laguire, ALP., writing in the Cork Examiner, revives the strange story that " the late Mr. Sadleir" is stiU alive. He writes:-"Not one of John Sadleir's relatives saw the body, or, if they did, not one of them ever declared that it was his body. And they ask, how, supposing it to have been John Sadleir's body, did John Sadleir come to the particular spot on which it was lying? Did he ride, or did he walk? If he rode, where is the cabman who drove him ? If he walked, -whether the whole way, or any part of the way, how did it happen that the boots were perfectly clean, and free from stain of any kind? How did he cross the moist and muddy ground that encircled the hillock on which the bcody was found? If that hillock could not be approacbed in the day time without the shoes or boots of the person approaching it being dirtied, how did it happen that John Sadleir contrived to get at it in the dark without spot or stain of any kind? Then, there was no post ummortcaa examination. The presence of the essential oil of bitter almonds was ascertained by smell; but whether any of the poison had reached the stomach of the body then examined was never ascertained, because knife never touched it. If another body passed for awhile for that of Foschini, the Italian assassin, why might not a well selected body pass for that of John Sadleir, especially when so many concurring circumstances helped the spectators and the public to an easy credulity? It is then triumphantly asked, why should he kill himself? Money was what he toiled, and schemed, and lied, and forged for; and money he had, to an eiormnous extent-a quarter of a million at the very least. If he had not, wherehas it gone? Who can accountfor its disappearance? *Who can tell one word about it? Sadleir alone can clear up the mystery. Mystery as it is at present I am told there are interested people in the city who are beginning to be confident, that it is a mystery not altogether impene. trable; aud that one of the banks is even nowattemptiDg to trace no less a suns than 237,0001., which it is thought can be done by the. aid of certain crossed checks. Curiously enough, the same belief in Sadleir's existence is also entertained in the monied circles of Paris."
ISALES BY AUCTION. j'J ESSRS. FOSTER and SON wvil SELL by A AUCTION. at the lUart. THIS DAY (Tuesday). June 17. at 12, a LEASEHOLD HOUSE, 25, Lowver Grosvenor-street. tjFESSRS. FOSTER and SON WiU SEEJL by AUC- I< TION. at the Mart, THIS DAY, Juno 17, at 12. a FRFEEHOLD HOUSE and PREMISES, 115. Long-lane. Bermondssy. M IESSRS. FOSTER and SON vill SELL by AUC- LYLTIOY,at the Matrt, TEIS DAY, June 17, .at 12, zeveral lots of COPYHOLD HOUSES, at Hampstead. Middlesex. Pall-mnU-Casket of Jewels, Service of Silver Table Plate of about 4.000 onnces. Gilt Dessert Service, tc. h ESSRS.FOSTER and SON wilL bv direction of theTrusteesofalady, SELLby AUCTION, atetheGallery. 54, Pall-mall, THIS DAT. Juno 17th. at 1 precisely.a SERVICI of about ,.000 ounces of SILVER PLATE, manufactured by Mess Storr and Mfortimer, Sncluding two Louis XIV. eoiup tureens and four s.uce boats, a venison dish and six other table dishes, three dozen plates, two sets each of four entr6e dishes, castors, tea and coffee service, centre branch, teakettle, and a git dessert service of epergn6 and plate-au, rosewvater di-ah and ewer. -nives, forks, ice spoons, grape scissors, egg glasses, antique omaments for the table, supper tray kc. - all in verv nice condition. Also, the same property, a casket of rilhiant diamond Ornaments, including bracelets and brooches set with brilianis and pearls of extraordinary size and beauty, mostly purchased of esres. Storr and Mortimer. On view, and catalogues had of Mesws Foster and Son, 54, Pall-mall. Pall-mall-English Pictures, also a portion of the Sketches in Oil and Water-colours, the property of tho late Wm. Colins, R.A.-lfow on View. ipjESSIS. FOSTER and SON wil SELL by AUC- . LTION, at the Gallery. 54. Pall-mall. To-morrow. June 18, at I precisely, a collection of PICTURES. comprising clever examples of the works of 3. Linnell .T. R. Herbert, R.A. Plagsan F. Stone, _AR.A. T.M.W.Turner, R.A J. Lewis T. S. Cooper. A-R.A. W. Collins. R.A. G. F. Herring, sen. Now on view, and catalogues had at Mecss Foster's offices, 54, Pallm.all. Old Foreizn Cigsrs of a first-class quality. M ESSRS. ROBINSwill SELL by AUCTION at the Auction Mfart, city. To-morrow, and Friday next, at 12. 6LD FOREIGN CIGARS. of very exceUent quality and in the fine3t coneition; lotted to suit private purchasers. On view. Catalogues on =oroing of sale. and a sample box of each opened for inspection and tasting. Furniture and Effects - -Victoria-road, ensington. IESSRS. FAREBROTHER., CLARK, and LYE M_wiU SELL upon the Premises, No. 10, Albert-place, Victoriaroad. Kensigton, THIS DAY. 17th, at 12. by direction of the Proprietor, going abroad, the HOUSEHOLD FURLNITURE (principally manufactured by Messrs. Snell), comprising mahogany four-post, Arabian, and other bedsteads and bedding, mahogany winged wardrobe, chests of draiwers. dressing tables and glasses, elegant rosewood cheffonier with plate-glass doors, set of chairs, sofa, and tables; mahogany extendingdiingtables, what-nots, andchairs Brusels carpets, kLtchen requisites, iron garden roller, and various effects. Catalogues hast on the Premises; and at Messrs. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye's offices, LAincaster-place. M ilghgate.-Household Funiture and Effecte . UESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS Will SELL by il AUCTION. on the Premises, 2. Fitzroy-parkVillag, Hamnpteadlane. i1glzhtea. Tomorrow. June 18, at 12. the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE' comprising bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawers, and the usual clamberrequisites, set of extending dinxingtables. roseweod drawing and dining room furniture, damask window curtains, Brussels carpets, pianoforte by Broadwoed, pedestal sideboard, sofa, china, glas, kitchen utensils, garden roller, and other effecta. Maybe view7ed the day prior be the sale, and catlogues obtained on the premises; and of bfessrs. Prickett and Sons. auctioneeers asnd surveyors, 4. Southampton.buildings, Chancery-l,ane. and Highgato. Middlsee. St. John's-wood. Adelaide-road north.-bModemn Household Furniture and Effecte; 67- Cottage Pianoforte in rosewood caws. M ESSRS. W. KING and Co. will SELL by AUC- T LION, on the Dremises,as above, on Thursday, June 19, atl precisely, superior HOU7SEHOLD FUtNITURE, including brass, mahocony fer-post, and other bedtEa, bedding, wardrobes, chests of draw7ers, wond the Esal chamber appendaiges: superior dPinng room and drarengsroomfurnture, chimney glaes oocases, plto, aGnd plated goods, and the usual. kitchea requisites;. 500 vols. ot hooks; double-baLrrel gun by Beattie; garden engie and roller. MEay be viewved the day prior and morning of cale. Catalogues on the promises, and at the of llees of the auctioneers, 1, Welligton-road, St. John's-vwood. and 12, HaLnover-place. Park-road. St. Jobn's- vood.--Excellent H[ousehold Fuirniture, Piccolo Pianoforte, Carpets, Glasses, Bed and Table Linen, Plated Artices, ChinGLass, IMR. GEO. DEEKS will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Oxford Villa. near the Egre Arms Fincliley-road, on Thursday, June 19, at 12 precisely the excelent FURNITURE . comprising drawing room chairs and couch, r weood, loo, card, and cecasional tables, what-not, work table, engravings and ornamente, a 6et of Spanish mahogany dining room chairs, 8-feet Spanish mahbogany pedestal sideboard, a at of dining tables, with circular ends, 10 f*et by 5 feet 6, dinner waggon, cheval screen, handsome chimney* glasses, Bruslsels cairpets. window curtins, SPanmahmahoganyArabian. and four-post bedsteads, brass bedstas iron ditto. ROOse feather beds and capital bedding, mrble-top wvaibstands, Spanih mahogany w;inged and other wyardsobse,assd other requisite for the bed chamabers, 7xitchen utensils, and effects, On viewr the day prior arid morning of sale. Cataloue on the Prems, and at the auction and estatg oghca. z;A^Vwcb >t mevFhiemu9 el. A mstLeasehold Eitaii, Islingco MJESSRS. PRICE sud CLARK will SELL b NI CTNE 2. at Harrwat oi aed 3u1, at 12 forL 'Nll.%E rmal LICA.SE L 1VTOMMUOUS si tuatean be-lg N7. eore-sreet an 1 oS,LinassCottages, Rotherfieldstret Iaintou: et t entlsamostng o 100 per anaum, aud Am elegant Residence, eligible for ietmnoroccupation, situate in the Retentspak M ESSRS. PRICE and bLR ave receivedl intj structi.ons to SELL by AirOTONat Garraway's. on Tuesday, .Tuly L.at 12 for 1, tbe very desirable t~IDENCE being No. 21, Recent's-villas, on the west side of the Upper Avenue-road, with large walled gaTden, four-stall atable, and coach-house, and of the estimatedl annuial value of 170 per annum. Held by lease, for a long term at a mioderate ground rent, The residenace is in excellent reu.-y,r both subatautial andornamenLtal, and immediate passeeziontrray behoad May bevie.ed,.and particularshadl10days preceding thesale, of .T. Wymouth. E_sq., solicitor, 13. Clifford's-inn; and atMessrs. Fzito an;d Claek's offices. 45. Chancery-lane. P,essss-prk.Fim~clssLeasehold InLvestmenxt, proelucing a rental of 015710Os. per annum. 3IJESSRS. PRICE and CLARK are dlirected to SELL hy AUCTION. on Tuer,,Zay, July.at2fr1.t Grarw the suiperior detached VILLA RFdIDENCE, desnignated Aven,ue House. with large walled garden. Conservatories, greenhousle. stabling, and coach-house, most undeniably situate on the east side of UTpper Avernue-road, Regent's-park. let oni lease to ahigbly respoecable tenant. at 157 l0a. per annum, and hold for a lung term. attherTery low grouind rent of 18 per anouum. The aLttention of capitalists seeking good leasehobl, investments is directed to this property, an it can be recommended with the greatest confidence. The residence may be viewe by prmisson ofthe tenaLnt, and particuilars with conditions. osnnedofMesrs Calcn and Haynes. solicitora Palace-hme, St. Jarpess-street ; and at Messrs. Psriee and Clark's, 48. Chancerylaoe. Long Leaseholds, Chelsea and Fu,lbam. MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by ILAUCTION, at Garrarvay's. en Tuesday, July 1, at Il2 for 1, a capital brick-built DWELLI1ZG-HOUSE. situate No, 82, Sydneystreet. Chelsea, let at a rental of 45 per annum, and held for a long ter ata goun ret o 8perannm. lsoa pair of semi-detached Reslencs, now asHermt-ae Vlla, lrchond-rowl. leading from ESSIS Curtin ort-end Fuham no enhand, but of the estiwratd anual alueof 00; eld or alon term, at a moderate groidren. My bevieed. nd artiulas had, 10 days preceding thesal, o S.Huges Re.. oliito. 5. edfrd-tret.Covent-sar-- den:atth Ilae o sal: an atMesss. Piceand Clarl's offices. 48, Pork-village esst.-A. desirable Semi-detached Itesidence.-By Orderr of the Trustees under a Deed of Settlement. ?FSSRS. PRICE atnd CLARK will 'SELL bY MAUJCTIONZ at (Serraway's, on Tuzesday, July I, at 12 furl 1. very comfortable IRESIDENCE, on a small scale, known as Vendome Cottare. Prak-rillsge east. Rtegent's-park, close to Glocester-gste. cunsasng rawnir diing an brakfstrooms, convenient bed ehaibes, nd ooddomsti ofice. i isnowin the occupation of a higly espctale enat a a entl o 6 pr annumi, and is held for a lutter o yarsata roud en of1 pr annum. Therseidence may e viwed y pemision f th tennt,and particuflars bad of J. lane.~~~~~~~~~~ %ll ESSRS. PAGE and CAMAERON beg respectfullv Ikto notify that the LEASE of the HOUJSE and PRENYISEd, No. 5. Devnnshire-square. Bishopsgate-street witbout, wil be WITHDRAWVN from the sale to-morrow-4-61. Old Broad-street, June 17. Sale of Furniture, UtEnsils, and -.Effects, at the Royal C'rystal Palace Hotel. Norwood. P11 . DANTE L CRONIN respectfully reminds the JTs public that this SALE will take place TO-DAY, as alreadly unnounted. andwililcommence at12 for lo'clotk precisely.-42, Bloomsbun--square. PItlsltponEanlt Of SaIe.-Freh RdIesidence, with Offices. Gardens, Picasurt- Grounds. astd L-and, at Gelder's-grreen. Hlendon. Middlesex. 1JESSRS. HERRtING and SON respectfullv upprise MY the public that the SALE of thus most desirable ESTATE. annou1Mnce for the 26th inst.. at the M,art, is unavoidably DEFERRtED for a shtort tiwse. end viewinlrders.generally suispendled: buit any party wishing to treat for the pucase of property may, in the initerirm, upon special applicatfion tei the aiettionees, obtain a.u opportwsnity of privael iewing the premises by previous appointment.-109, Fleetstreet., June 12. To Cabinet, Chair. Pianofre Looking-glass Makers Bauiders and others. R1 . HENRY OPPENHEIMI mill SELL by AUCtYJMTION.I.ou the premises, No. 20. Old-ntreet., St. Luike's. THIS DA,Y.Jlttn 17.at 1. ths well-seasoned STOCK. comprising 15.000 feetof SPANISH anil CUHA MIAHOGANY. in planks:. litchesr'aud logs: 1.000 fe-et of Walsit. 15.060 feet of Mahogany Venieer. 4.'000b feet of M-.ple ditto. ansd 400 dry Fine Flanks. May be viewved the day preceding and morning of sale, when. catalogues. may be had on the prern,iss. Ard of the auctioneer. 20. Old-street. St. Lukers. To~ 6tatione.rs, Booksellersa, and others.-Stock- in 'Tracte, Fixtures, and '~WR. PAGE remaining Furniture. R. PASE wSLL by AUCTION, on the PreIl mlses. 10. Eversholt-street. Oaklev-sqsssre, St. Pancras. THIS DAY, at 12. the S1,t(CK Of a STATIONER. aind BOtOKSELLER : *C Fehool and othr iem; te lxtresinlud glsscass,mahogany-top counter, gastiting. d. Te urntur inof heusuial duscribtion. To be viewd. ataogus o th prasies en atthe auctioneer's offices, By SO UT5iCATE andBRET at their Aiiction Rooms, 22. Fleet- street, To-morrowEeig June 18, and two following evenings, at 6. Ei~NGRAVINGS bein- a fuirther portion of the RUstock, of 'Messrs. XItkerma~ni ard Co., sold in Consequence of a dissolIution of pastnership; comnprising Fome line pioofs from the wvorks of Sir E. Lanidseer, J. M. IV. 'Tnrier, and Wilkie: imsportanut illus~trated books: three LeasArcades d'Europe. coloured, in 50 parts: ch.oice Italian proofs and Scriptur-al lne ergravings%: 600 large Sporting subjects, coloured; 400 French and English Studies, w1olored: 40 Bentley's Gduia.m coloured; water-colour drawings, andsa great variety of others. May be viewed, and catalogues had. Hoddlesden, llercs-Sale of capuital Furniitutre, two Cowvs, Store rig, Stuimp of Hlay. Garden. Imp,lemernts. Greenhouse rlants, &c., by order of the proprietor, wholis leaving the neigbboitrhsood. 1%Rf. 6MIRLE will 'SE LL by AUCTION, To-mnor- -tt row-.Juine lSth, at12. the excellent FURNTITURE anddmodern Al"PENDAGIS of a familv residence, situate in the Centre of article, eleganstrchina ari-las,smllen quaenty ofuwinue, cotarpet pirt te al. ad atloue haud onther prfemises fMsr.H MR. DONALDO is instructed to SELL by ML AUCTION.o tePmis.onPrlday, J,ses20. at12 for I the excellent JIOUSEHOL)FRIUEand EFFECTS, comnprising rosvwoei lea and ad tables ant sets of chairs.mahogainy dining table-s. sudinig oon chir, wlnutre tble ad whatnot. couches and easychars,chiney choal,andtoietlases, girandole, mahogany warrob, cest ofdraers Brsses crpes,window curtains cor- No. 19. lIdarylebone-street. Regent-street.--This Evening MTeosilay), at 7precisely.-Capital Household Furiture, and Rffects, without reserve, removed from Charlotte-street. Bamebnry-park. M%JESSPRS. W. andl F. C. BONHAMI1 will SELL by Ik AUCTION, at their large Weekly Auctio,i Rooms, 19. Marylebone-tree, Reent-tree, THS EVNING(Taesday), at 7 precisely, capitalmodern OUSEHOL FURNI LItE, removed from Rar,esburypark cosistng o maogan, Arbla, four-port, iron, tend othe besteds, hefbuirs, ashstads,glasses, two pianofortes, YoosNeord, Essex, within eight miles of Londosn,-A compact Leasehold Residence, vwith coaich-house andI Stabling, garden and pleasure ground, andI seven acres of Mleadow Land. R%fI. G. R. NOBLE is directed to ofFer for SALE IlkbyA.UCTION, at the MEart, THIS DAY.Juinel17 at12 o'clock, the LEA&SE et a truly desirable FAMIILY RESIDEN6E, in good repair, and reedy for immediate occuipation, pleasantlyvsituate in Georgelane, WVoodford, wvithin a very short distance of the Railway Station ; containing an entrance-isall, noble drawing and dining rooms, breakfast parlour. 10 excellent bed chsambers store and water closets, kitchen, dairy, laundry, and the requiisite domestic offices ; a good walled-in garden. and seven acres of meadow land. May be viewed,. and particulars obtained of Juo. Billing, REsq., King-street, Cheapside: nd at Mir. Noble's offices, Woodford. F'reehold brick Itesidence and capital Bidn Land, close to Boston- p ark, near the Brentford Railway Stattion. in the parish of Ealiug, by order of the Executors of the late Miss Trimnmer. R. . TNISwill SELL by AUCTION, at the PCslO TSm Brentford. THIS DAY. junBe37. at 2, the rensainin CapitalPLT of BUILDING GROlUNDI, possessing great depth a goo frntgesinBoson-ar an Wndmllroads. Also the-msubtantiniResdene, kownas ercuy Huse wih long garden zisd walled frot. he an ta ofthewhle rc~ertisredeemed, and houses of modrat cassar muh i rquet n tislocality. May be viewed. Partculrs hd a theoffces f Mssrs Lyns,Barnes, and Ellis, rolleltn, prig-grdes;ChalesLee Re., 0,Golden-square: at the Mart th ins a Bratfod, alig. e.:andat Mrx. Tims'offices, 98 Reget-sree, a d 5. Carlttestret,Fitroysquare. Bayswvater.-Chep8towe plae Wetoregoe- sn untre, Carp-eta, Glasses Paintig andEnrvgsPio,laeAtce, Linen, Chins, Glass, &c, th,IR GOODMAN will SELL by~ AUCTION, on IltePremises, No, 44, Chepstow -lace, THIS DAY, June1I'. at 12 for 1 precisely, the modern HOUSEHtOLD FURNITURE an,! EFFECTS; consisting of a drawing roons suite in rosewood, 6Ol-octave pinforte, cheffonier, chiminey glawses oil paintings, cud engravings. Tue dining room and bed room furniture includes3 Arabian. French, and iron bedsteads with furniture and clean bedding, wardrobe. ehesKt of drawers marble-top and ether wasbgtands and tables, dressing glasses, linen, &c. s ect of Spanish raahogany dining tables and chairs, covered irn satin haircloth, couch, sideboard, carpets. plated articles, china and glass, iron safe, kitchen requisites, &c. Mlay be vieweit the daypziornand morningof sale, when cataleguesamay be lied on the promises and at the offices of the auctioneer, 2. is op's-road, Itaysuvater. Richmnond, Surrey.-Ancient and Modern Sculpture in Statuaryl%Marble, several fine Bronze, oil Paintings, Household Furniture. &e, HDREW lias been favoured with instructions from H* the Executors of the late Wr. Thee, Long to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Sprng-terraoe. on Wednesday. June 25, at 12 for 1 precisely, the choice coLl-ECTION o f SCULPT URE. comiprising finely executed statues, busts, and medallions in s'tatuary mind Sien marble, and curious ancient figures in gtone, variouis figures and vases in terra-cotta and composition, and the remaining heusehold furniture, which consists of the usual assemblage of chamber appendages, d ining and drawing room furniture, oil paintings, engravings, books, china,, glass, and other effects, Mfaybe stewed the day preceding and morning of sale. Catalogues obtained on the premises; at the psincipalinsn the eighourood;andof the auctioneer, Gog-tet ihod ornaentd peasre grde, t beLet, withimeit ossin Genuine Selectf Household Furnitume-21rOld Bond-street. 1iJIESSRS. TRIGGS WiM SELL by AUCTION, at iL Mr. Gee,.Robinron's great Room, 21, Old Bond-street. THIS DAY. June l8tth at 12 precisely, a superibr mnodem EQUIPME1N'T, suitable for a first-clams residence; Consisting of elegant lounges, chairs, and reclining ditto, in silk and morocco coveiangs : lee, occasional, and other tables in walnut and rosewood ; an excellent'set of Spanish mahogzany telecp dininjg tables 12 ft. by 5 ft.. two noble sideboards, and a7-ft. ward=be with plate-gla,s pannels.inaheogan fourpost and Arabian bedsteads, with handsome cornices and carved foot- boards, coplete withf-urnit'u're's, a-n-d e-xcelen-tcl-e,a,nbe-ddin-gb,bla-nk,ets-, counterpanes, quills, palliasees mattresses, capital goose feather beds, bolsters, illows, sets of chamber wane, glasses, tenders, fire-irons, ha. On view Saturdlay and Monday next, a6nd morning of Wae - catalogues at the rooms : and of the auctioneers, 20. Hiizh-street, Soettismpton. Godstorn, Surrey.-Hou5chold Furniture and Effects of a 31ansion, Carriage, Harness, Cows, Pigs, Plants, Gar-den and Agricultural Implements, do. M ESSRS. PUGH and Co. are honouredl with in- stractions by the Executers of the late Mrs. Trower to SELL by public AUCTION, at the Mansion, known as Southiands, near Godstone, and contiguous to Tandridge and Oxted. To-morrow, the 18th of June, and following dy, at 11 for 12 o'clock- precisely, the whole of the excellent F ITURE, in prime condition, and comprising mahogany four-post, F~rench, and other bedsteads, superior mattresses feather beds and beddlai, Spanisht mahogany wardirohies, chests of drawers, dress,ing tables, end marbletop washEtands, rich damask and chintz window and bed furnitures noble chimney and ether glasses, Brussels and other cakrpets, Spanish mahogany dimbin, tables, sideboard, and chairs of a suiperior class, a drawing room suite of solid roceowod in prime condition, bookcases, cheffoniers, steel fenders and fire-irons, culinary appointments, and other customary items of a large residence, town-built chariot and britzakse, cows and pigs of choice breed, useful cob, plants, and implements. MtaybeTviewed the day precedin3g andmornings of sale. Catslogues had at the imis at Godstone, Rei2ate, anid Croydon ; the Godstone Station ; and of the auctioneers, Messr. Pugh and COD., 6. Black. man-street, Southwark. Ore 02t Sale of the Richmond Brewery, Inn, Public-houses, and ~~MR, PIGGO~CttaetI, in 18 loin. R.PIGGOTT s ntmucted by? the Mortgaee!, i,v,under power of sale, to SELL by AUCTION, at the 'Mart. THIS DAY, JuLne 17th. at 1, the whole of this important PIROPERTY, in 18 lots, in the followIn ortder:-At ltichmondt,-Lot 1. The valuable and extenive reBwery and Premises,with the fixed plant and machine-' Lot 2. The Old Ship Commercial Inn. Let 3, The Whito CroTavrn. Loti. The WhiteHart. Lots. TheNew Ship, Lot6. The Prince's Head. Lot 7. An Undivided Moiety of the Crick-stems. Lot&.TheArtichoke. Lot9. TheRoseandCrossn. LotlO, The Tans o'hanter. Lot II. The far-famed Roebuck Hotel. Lot 12, The Nqew Inn at Hama-common. Lot 1-3. The Greyhound, at Kingston-on, Thamee. Lot 14. The Rtailway Tavern. at Surbiten-hili. Lot 15. The Whkite Horse, at Harupten. Lot 18. The Sevea Stars, at Brentford. LotlB'.A Freehold Cottage in WhiteCrossrow, at Bichrsond. Lot 18. A ditto adjoinine'. The respective Iota may be Tiewed hy leave of the tenantis, also by cards, to be had of the auctioneer, Particulas and coniton m b hd t he ar; f esrsg. RebrssdSn tirove-road, between tke Brixton and Clpham oda.-Well-secured inyestenent, let to exouellet tezntant.- D,EBEHA-M is intuted byh M 3rcwuir o! the late ?&r. MNotley toSILb &CIN ath tha wan.Stokwel o.Saturday n-xt. JTune 21. at 3 for 4 preelsely, in two l0ta. a. PAZR of elegantly tinihed semi-de'tached VILLA. ItE StDENCES, erected in the best and msost substantial mansner by the laePrOrittOr. cOmprisug NoeAs8and 19, Grove-roAd NorthL Brixton, eacb with a large well.etocked garden i; tbreo rear, in the occuipation of old-standling and bsghly respectable tenants. at rentals amoutn to 111I tee arnuses; held for a term ofi S5 years from 1I4. ;M;.t low ground renta. May berviewed bycaretsonly.tobe had ofthe Luctioneer, and particularsa Obtained at the Swan: of Sir. Notley. builder. Dudleyplaoe. Clapharm-road; of G. Huson. Esq., sollicitor, 4, Xing-street; and of M.' Dohtenhaue auctioneer. WO. Cheapside. Clekenell-Eigibe LaseoldPr.qery.-iy rdr of the Executor of the It r nn.sPry WIjR F. G. DEBNA ilSL yACI~ L.-at the Maut onTeayJuy, at 12, in ,i'o,S ENastantial 16 ck-built HUE(or thshops), -.434.4,ad4. ticisr ofMr.Madiso, 2, erln'splae; t te art ; of Meers, Thomeon.flebnha. an Bran. olirtors Satere'-hall, Swith in'slane;and a Mr. ebenam's uctio andestate agency oflices, SO, Regen's-prk an Cameu-tom-C'pimi og Laseniold Property, in los uial fo Investt ndocpto;the first lot by order of the Executors of theltMr onHltt ~4R. F. G. DEBEHAAm ill SELL by AUCTION, Myjat theaMart,on Tuesday. july s. at 12_ in six lo'--. TWO unuaualy well-built 10-rousoed private IFSID ENCES, with gardens, Yos. 7 andL S. Soutbampton-plare. 'Glacs-ter-road urerib, p!easantlv situate nearthe Itcgeut's-park and Primrose-hill. let to hikebhiy respectable tenants, at rentals asllsintiug to ;0 per annumn;- two newly erected and wellflnished res idences, Noo. 9 an-c 10, Emits-te rrace, Grnftsn-road, Kentish-town, nearthe proposed New-square; six substantialls-built sevenroomed houses, Nlb3. 3.4, 5, 6. 7. and 8 'Weedington-street. Kentisbtown;- and three houses, one with shop. Mos 3. 4, anid 5, Badck-street, in a good business neighbourhood near ahe Mfother Redcsp. The three last-rnentioned ~sroperties are'let to respomaible tenants, at lentals amounting to ,.65 per annum; iseld by separate leases for long termn, atrmoderate ground rents. Particjarson tbe respe~ctive premiese; of Charles Patrick:, Eq. solicitor. S.O.hancery-lane: at the Mart: and at Mr. Debenha's auction and estate oltice-z. SO. Cbeapside. Mitcham~and South Lm thTo'mlCaitiseand othema-Com- pac Cosyoldan shrtLeasehold Investments, for Sae, by order -~ H.F. (-. D HE MH M has received instructions 111.10 ELL by UCTION,at the M1%art, c-n Tuesday, July 8, at 12.intwoot, FURbrick-bit COPYHOLD lIOUSES witlh shops, sitsteon hehig red,near the Buck's Head, Islitchamn. in the occuatin o repecabl teauts. at aentals amiounting to 67 12a. per annu; ad Trn ubeantsll-bula atohedprivate Houser, with largeO gardenS, k Ynow sNs n ,Mao-lc,Lubt-o Robnso. ad Jcksn, oliitos, . Bnk-uiling , Lthbury, and London-fieldg, Hackney. -Two Copyhoid Rteside-sces, wsith large gardens, to be Sold, in separate lots. R.F. G. DEBENHAMR lias received instructionis to WY ELL by AUCOT ION, at t-he M%art, on Tuesday, July 8. at 12. in twolos,TW sustntaly-blkCOYHLD DWELLINGHOUSS, tils lrgegardns,Moe 10and11. Londen-place, in a plesan, oen,an helth siuaion orrloluing the London-fields, and wthinhalfan hax'swalkof te iy. Lt to respectable tenants,. Freehiold Landled PoetnerBit-T Cpiast,Contractors for Public Wors uidr.Soe echnsad therz.-The Dundry DownsEtae with irvaabersteQuri. MR. F. G. D)EBENHAMiinruedbth o- Algagee to SELL by AUCTION, aft the 'fat o ededy,Jl 16, s,t 12, in two lots, tins importzant FREEHOLDES TEnona Dundry Downs. compsung SO acres of excerlett pasture land. situate on the summitlof Dundry-hsall, 4jut.iles frocathe city of Bristol; -with the e cedingly valuable qjuarries. containing an immense quantity of * h ietdesription of building st, ne, tee quality of which has been test-d s.y C. II. Smith. Es'q., of 1,.ndon, lone of thee gentlemenap pofinted under the authority of tise Lords Commissioners to select t e Btone used for the new hlouses of 17rltament,l whiose report is highly s atiearatory. It is spectally adaptsd for substantial and oraamental buildings, and possesses trea,tttidrability. The quarry has been recently opened, and only a small additional outlay will be required to platce it in full working order. ILot incsprisLs 7 aces,_includingtwo cottages. and prodluces apresent rental if 09 per auntum;and lot 2 ni.e acres of richpasture. let at Lifi per amnum : bot-h formiuc solid lannded! inv,estmente, wit-lithe valuiable prospectiv-eade~antag-es, in addition tothe royaltiest,obe derived from the uqurries. The viasfrom rhesumnmit of the hill cant hardly he exceeded in extent and beauty. Particulars may be obtained of MTr. R Batt, Dundry. who wil show the estate; of Messrs. Ashmead andl Son, surveyors, Small-street. Bristol, who are jointly concernied in the sale ; of Messes. Cuddon. Moruich : of 'Mr. J1. G). Hobbg asolicitor. Bristol; and at sler. Debenhanss aucetion and estate agency olfces, S0, Cheapside. where also specimens of the atone can be sect,. 1Titproed Grouind Reets of 37 5s,. for 60 years 1E SSRS. HAMMOND andI EILOART will SELL 1.by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. June 2It, at 12 for 1L the above, eccured upon 18 houses in Gray'e-inn-n1lu.e. Rindon-street, Pimlico. of the rack v-siue of 260 mir annuma, and subject to no deducitions. Plarticulars of J. Beatttie, Etc1., 20, Hans-place, Chelsea. and of the auctioseers 28. Chancery-lane. FreehoidI louse and Shop, Portuga-sret,Lncolns-inn. 1jSSRS. HAMlMOND andI BILOAR will SELL YhAU01`1N. at the Mart, oin Juef.a 2 o. 10,a dw n over,Ti gofel repair, fof the4 vau ofhpranm ouson hatBnd.sCaeehe Ciewsedat anyo tim se. , Priuarsdo 7a, Loer. Bedrgfcre-dlce, tuhell-eawothX7pre and outh aucineers.d 2at onyChancery-lane: Pa r.fit Rent, of; 21 ainum, for 14SZ years, secured upon t-hree hue houses in King's-road, Chielsea; Two Houises, S and . Bradley-terrace,WVandosworth-road, held for 50 years at a arosed rent. Particulars of Messes Teinder and Ryre, 1, John-street, Bedford-row ; and of the auctioneers, 28, Chanicery-lane, Pour compact semi-detached Cot'tates. Arb-sur-square, well let, and held oni lease forq5 years,. 1iJTSSRS. HAMNMOND and EILOART will SELL JLby AUCTION, at thel%Mart, on Friday. Jine 20, at 12 for 1, in two ots Mo. 1,,3.. ABOUT COTA(ES, close to St. Thomas's Churh, Aboursquae. CmmerisI-ood ast,let to ca'pital tenants at 23perannm ech excpt o.3 whch s lt at -e-,t. and held at onl  3. ac goudrnt,an i eeelet epM r Particulars of (5,51,Frakha. Rq.,Si,Moogat-stect an of auctioneers, 28, Freeholdt Wveekly Rents, on the site of tlue Miocol Improvements necar Lincoln's-inn ~JfSSR. HMMOD ad ELOAiRT -will SELL had f E Jenins, eq.,NewBoarel-cort;and of the auctioneers, Mo, 3. ssstu-sunr.~Eeaqsng HuseoldFurniture and Effects-. i~,rSsR. JONDandSONwil SELL by AUC11. TON, o the remiss. as bove.To-morow. uneS. at 1 precuely. te remainingHOUSEHOLD FRNITURE andEffects of he sua de~-rptin. a" e vewe th da prori sale, and Burton-square. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ emor-tret Music and Musical Instriuments~ PUTTICK and EBIMPSON,. auctioneers of literary I praerly,will ELL b AUCTON, a thergreat Roomn, 191, Piccailly on uesdy, ne 2. alrge OLLETIONor 'valuable MUSI. icluingromineresingscoes f upubinhedorks, aindn AUGUSTUS SMIHi isrced to SELL by Z AUCTION, in one or more lots, as mav be s geed upon at the time of sale, on Thursday, June 19. at I pron1pt, the MlACHUgIEIY, lying on Hope-wharf, Greenwich, forming a completo planit for the grinding and reduction ofrmineral colours. te. Descriptive particulars can be bd,aind view the day before thesale.on appl)ication at Augustus Smiith'soflfce. 2.5l, Black,fria,rs-rouid.nea,r the bridge. TGetee.Florists, anidothers. lLfESRS PRTHERE ad MRRIS will SELL omaentl---pant fr bddig,ross i ple,do On view the morning f sle.Catls'oes ad t te Mrt;and of the auctioneers, To Butchers, S,dalenen, and others,-42. Queen's-road, near Cheyns- walk. Chelsea. M.OUGHTON will SELL by AUCTION, on WThursday, June 19, at 2, at the Glocester Arms, Sloanie-stre-et. Chelsea, the valuable LEASE, IS years unexpir'd. with Goodwill and Buniner-s. of most desirable and extensive PREMI%SES, established 76 year; cmpriinga doblefron comaning bntcher's shop., wite sid enrane, arg yad,andpreise, ecloedby a brick wall and gatway lagepved wel ftte-npslaghtrhose,sheep pens. bullock dito, iggrie, nd tabing al ftte upinthe best manner, and in perectworingordr.Ren ony 0 porannum. May be v-iewed anydaybewee th hursof12 nd oclok.Particulars and conditios o sae mybeha upn te pemies;atthe GlocesterArms; or Commercial Sale Rooms, 43. Farringdon-street. one door from Holbarm- bil.--Stock, Fixtures, Furniture, and Effects of a Grocer,-Abso1u:a and unrreserved Sale. MESSRS. GREEN and SON wvill SELL by AUCML1 TION. at their Rooms as abore. To-morrow, June 18, at 12 for 1. the genuine STOCK Fixtures, Household Fuerniture. and Effects of a Grocer; lie stock- comprisng fine teas, coffees, spices. fruits, arrowroot. Rtoyal hand brown and tea papers, vinegar, mustard, toilet soaps, brushes, broomns, and other useful stock-,; also excellent imahogany-ton hatndsome Sapauod canisters andAshow bols,- weorigsing mac0n0s beam, ell uts. sYacaw ules, . aSynes mchpper.usua trany, Gasfittns Parelvinstruced.; the houehodcutrnitur onsr.Fists ofFenchased tothErL beds-teads, hair mtteresises, c.Lean fateherleds bedng Monayshtneds, chats flofwiahgdany dawers,hmahogany leeG tablde,brllintLLaeRhim rneyglas, maoohognhis, eari,sy brchat irs.lBruselsscapts,drug, penHaintprilorMFel and monigyfsal, sCatalogues hold atd theroomhs, andattui Exte oncsiv t- of chased and autique plate, icoxmoc:richgs,o ouncean, Jewnllrds, walters. co tlerydse. andumiscelaneous ancyeGada ofg7 pat. L ar insructd bytheExectrixof M.eFtersanc dcofeased,to SEL by AUCTION, on the Premises, 34. Lisdg~tai-au,o oda.Jn 8 'Wikfield. Berka.-Elegaut old and nioemer M1acqueterie, Mahogany and IRosewood Furniture, by first-rate Parisian and Lendon 3mannfacturers Bondoir Grand Piano by Collard, Ornamental and Table China al,d Glass, Cloecks, Lairnps. Telescopes, Quadrant, Plhacton, Chaise, Cart, and Effects of the late Capt. Forrest, MESSRS. CLEAVE and UNDERHAY (successors -- . to tlie late Ste. Robert Tebboltt have received instrsitions from the Executors to SELL by AUCTION on the Premises, St. Rtonan's. 'Minkfield-row,Wtinkfield. Berks, near \rsdsor andl Ascot, THIS DAY and To-morrow, Jime 17 and 15. all the costly and valuable EFFECTS; oomPruung handsome iron cndmnahoganybedsteads.with.rIchhangigs suxperior bedding, beautifssly made mahogany wardtrebe-, chesa o drawers, toilet sables, marble-top wasbstands, cheval and dressing glasises, telescope dining tables, pedestal sideboard, dlinner waggons, sets Of chairs, gilt cabriole chairs in satin damnask-, easy chairs, sofas. statuiary marble pier tables old andrmodern wainustmaonqueterie lee. writing. aiid side tables, and elbow chairs. rose-word davenport, card tabls, nd sree, r.srvd ok hal tble ndhlaars,Brns.seLs tapestry, and urky crpes,wnslo cutais, eneianand rollerblinds, larmps clock, oramentl chna, e~olechin sodgliss-, and varioius effects. In C1131cery.-" Cooper -v. Cooper.,-Valuable Lea:sehold Zstatez5 Htlnter-strset, Bruarsusck-squgere;- Lansdown-villas, ?soltng-hill; andi Bury-court, Aldermanbury. ~/R-LEIFcHILD has received instructiong to su ofafecre fofAE ath Garraway'e, on June 24, in three lois, pus. "Cooper v. dereo h High Court of Chancery, made in the suit of " Cpe v.()ope Iwith the approbation of the Right Hon. the M1aster of the Rolls, to whose court the cause, is attached, the following very valuable PROPERTFE6: viz,-A dwelling-house and premises situated Mo. 35 Hunter-street, Brumvjc1k-stn&re, held foer about 55 Yearsunexpired at aground-rent of 26 5s. Let on lease at the annual rentalof 5. Aresidence andpremises,situate No.1, ILanidown-vilhas, NottiDg-hill,heldifor about83 yearsunexpired.of the estimated annual value of 53. A warehous and prermises situate Moe. 2 and 3, Retrycour, Aderanbry;and also the Undivided fourth-Part Of the stables sndremseeadlini thIe last-mentimeed premises, and which Wd warhoue ad tabes reheld for about 10 years unexpired, and let on eas fu th whleof the raid term, leas three days, at a rental of' 21 lO, pr anum -wich aferdeducting groud-rent, leaves a net proft of110per nnumforthe remainder of the term. Particulas wereo ma behad of Messrs. Hollingswortb and Tyterman, aslcior, 2, rehamste.t,London; Messr. Hall and Hunt, solicileek II,NewEaswU-cout~Linooln's-inn : Xessrs. Greggand San, aols1or.L4ijzg A (mw~'; KAd of ,Lfe.lW1.= oorgatd- To Cliancery.-" Wyatt T. Haafewood'1-Leaaebod Estate., in Wyad- hAm-tafet, Curn erlaud-plaoe, York-beisdings, Great and Little 'Yoilc-pl&ce -.sAooo.qI are forzatng a Portion Of the Estate of the las. Edmmd Water. Me. MIR. C. FURBER begs to notifv that the RATLEof this P1ROPIERTY is slxed to take plaoe`at the Mart, THIS DAY, June 17, at 121 for 1, under the d-irection of the Court of Chlancery. The Marlebone leasehold Eftate. ooespnise-Nos. 19, 32, 33. 34, and 36, Wyndhnan-streettB olynsW-aquare; No. 4. COmberland-pla-_, New-road; No. S. York-buildings; No. 27, Great York-place; and litle orkplae, he hol beng ellletto highly respectable heoausb and h-semldf oormun ,pied treof vaesrios oduaing , aic-trwmal gond-reoa, fordding souand onethiert rptye oontiuoses may the saew sale otahed 10ay, prIor toY thne s1le at the fort of1 . by rde Otey 30Court o Csnipeo-bni,ga ChlanePRy-laE;T 'ofesrs Lyo-run, Barnes InrChanert.-"Lyitensed Publ ooie-house anicenAedPu'lie houseZ adAsml om,let to Meesav Goding. Cit us-street InL thare Mryt,yttIDT.Jnanew17.datI- for].byordur of th Cout o Chncey, vLuabhle PROPeTme orin eten;con stret. et t Me.~r Goiug. at a0 12efr annum alsor ofhe Leasehold be tewd, nd artelrs btanedat he artbo Mrd attmey Mart Leasehl ntment. NR_ C.FURBEwfll SELL by AUCTIO-N,at the I bIUrt, THIlSDAYlaJune 17. at 12 for i,by oderthof etheourfthof Chancer, the E-OSEH~)DWEL peG-HO sE ond ofR-eMiSena respctabe teant t th lowrentof 5 prumisfun. anIsleldfor3 In hney- yt v. Hasewood.-FreesdHo-suaE%Niiece Isa-L Smlvnestrent OFURBEWIII ELL b AUCTON, at the and al futherpartculas o.&inedat te Mat; o Mr. rtem c 30 Souhaptn-uilins,r Chanr cry-ate; ofMsrs ILyoatnenBrns.s cit; nd tte acton ffces Wrwik-out offray's-inn t In Chaaoey.-"Wyat v. Hasleoo 17,-ateh.ldHoue. Whrecypeuly Small Investment.SE o Thisproprty s eqat t a goundrent RMy e-s -tewed,,andearticu lars obtained as above.lsitate an a Recen-stret-ForOcooptienorfIvetme not.uctv 114 H. C. FURBER is instru sedholofe netomeoat thiayL raon,t the Mat hISt-DAY.s whloe 1or abu1siness prpoesioul disunedt bye rvt cota t. the valutbetonf G t ose LeAsiru of raing or e insur fcehest ablishmente. The premises a re wel itat, nda foraonunexpired term of about 70years, t agroundrent, Particulars and conditions ofsale obtainaLble on the premhises; at the Mart; and at the auctian offiees, in Wsrwick-court, Gray's-inin. Chetea-esaeoldDwelling-house. WOFE ODD is instructed to SEILL by AUCTION, .LL the Mart. To-morrow, June 1S, at 12 o'clock, a six-roomed I)WELLIN'G-HOUSE and PREMISES, 1S, Elizabeth-street, Christchurch. Chelsea, held on leasse for a ter of 96 y7ears from Christmas. 1851. at a ground rent of 83 IN, per anntue. ImmediAte possession can be given. Particulars and oouditious of sale muay he bad of J. ID. Foe,L..solicitor. C. Furn=iva1's-iun; a t the Mast,; and of Mir. Dodd. surveyor. &c.. 16. Newr Broad-street. city. NMie-end.-Valualsle Leasehold liminess Premises. 11F.DODD bias received instrtuctions to SELL by ,LYk -AUCTIO-N, at the Atairt, To-morrow, June 18. at 12 O'clock, veryvalubleBI]S\'ES PRMISItS.No.9. Camubridrie-rod, MAile- goree-btchr atarnta of 6 e nnumeMyo be- viwe b pr istreet. city. rslington and WYest Smithfield.-ODpyhold and Leasehuld Properties. 1iR. DODD is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, ,LtLat the Mart. To-morrow. June IS. TWVO LEASEHOLD~ DWELLING-HIOUSIS and PREMISES, NoF. 5 and?7, Croe_s-srcet. Ilngtn sald Two Dwelling-houesa and Plremises, N %os. 7 and S. ridionr.copyhald of tha m3anor of Canonbury; the whole let to yearly tenants at rentals amounting to 143 per annumn. Also Ler,selhold Prtemises, G5,5 St. ohaietret. WVest Smithilield: let to Mr. Cawley, at a rental of 35. held under lulorden College. for an unexpired te-rml sf 35 Ye_ars at a ground rent of 1ta, per annmun lParticuahrs may be had of Messrs. Graham and Son, solicitors, Abingdon; -nt the Mnrt; and of M1r. Dodd. surveyor, he.. 16. New Br'.Al-etveet. ci'ty. lteadiog.-nsssel-mews, .ith the Nag. llears PoU,,-enoues an,, Leasehold Residence. No. 69. Oxford-road. INR.DODD has receivedI instructions from t.he Executors of the late M1rs. Drev, eatt to SELL by AUCTIO.N. at the Mart, near the Bank of England. To-morrow. Juno IS, at 12. a very valuable FREEHOLD PROrEP.TY, muss eligibly situa e. at the corner of Russell-arreet, Oxford-cord. Reading, known as Russellinews, consisting of an extensive rAnge of wel1-erected stabling aind c,seh-o,ses lo t, ad onvniet ard wth te Xnags Head publichoue djonig.lettoMr Brwn a a enolof460perannumn. Also a vey cnvenentLeseholflwlita-hose,No. 69. Oxfor-road, -late Oatlaud's-isrF. about one soils 3com tme walton butwans ,ru tLee sa.= Western Railway. 20 acres of Freehold Ground; With four acres of Ornamen-tal Water. in the most Picturesque part of Oatlandla-pnrk, comnmanding extensive and delightful views of the Surrounding9 eountry, offering a site seldom eQualled for a mausion orrTillas. " R.J SEDL is instructed by the Mortgfagees to 3i ELby AUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow. june IS. at 12, in one lot, 20 acres of LAND, situate In Oatland's-park., having frontages on the south and west to Ostland's Drive and Vale, both exceEent roads, and skirted on the north by the Broadwater i,nke, about four acres of which belorg to theproperty. The south portion of the ground is cultivated as garden, the north partis park-like, and divided from the gardlen by a plantation of Ornamental timber and shrubs. F'rom the elevated por tion of the land, which slopes to the lake, there are extensive views ed the aurrousidmg comuntry and river Thames. and the WhOle in beautifully timbered withb cedars and purple beeches of large growvth, Scotch drs, and other choice treess; there is also an ornamental ruinof aRoman temple. A a sit,efor a mansionor villas this property cannot boe surpssed; the dryness Of the soil, suPPly of water, beauty of the scenery, distance from town, aLnd railway accommodation combine to render it peculiarly eligible, confirmed by the lacrosseO of b~uildings of asuperiorclassin the localityr. Maybheviewved byapplication to Mr. Cousins, on the property, and particulars and eonditi.n. of sale, with plans, may he had at the principal inns aLt Walton and Weybridlge : of Mess-rs. lirotton and Yeas. Town-hall. B3ethnas-green;aLt the Mart; and of Mr. Dodd. surveyor. &c..16. NewThuads-ejteetiy Bro.1eks-hbill, n ear Edge wars,Mid dl sx, r me Crops o f G ras and and Clover. (Surver on 50aces ofhighblyproductive lend. Maybelviewedthe room- inof silo. Catalogues had of the bailif; on the pretises * und of teauctioneers, Kilburn. Sortlhgate, Middlesex.-Excellent Crops of G,rass. BAKER and SON will SELL by AUCTIO'N, on Bthe Prtemisess, near the Colney-hsatch Station, en Thursday. June I", t 5,tecPital CROPS of GRASS on abouxt 40 acres. May be viewed, an c-atalogaes had on the premises ; and of the auctioneers, Filburn, Harrw, SIiddlesex.-Capital Crepe of Grass. AXRand SON will' SELL by AUCTION, on Bthe Premises, close to the Miarrow Sta%tion. on Fr,iday, Jlune li.i at 4. the luxuriant CROPS of GRAISS on 149 acres of prodluctive landi1 May be viewed, and catalogues had on the premises; and of thLe nuotioneers, Hlourn, Berks, within a mile of 3faidenhead. near the river Thamms-Very valuable and imrproving F'reehold Estate, free of tithes and, land-tax, called Spencer's Farm, comprising 352 acre of excellent arable and rich grazin-g land,with farm-house, homestead., &C. IF~A &ltandSON aiUl SELL by AUCTIOINr a-t " the 3LTL OnMondaLy, Juno =ld at.12. in four lots, a capi tal FREEHOLD PROPERTY, called Spencer's Harm. in the parish of Cookham, one mile fromo the3Maidenhead Station, and l~ of the Cookham Station,?7 of Windsor. and 21 fromn London : a thort distance also from and overlooking the beautiful grounds of Clifdea. the farouite residence of t1he Duchess of Sutherlitid. Lolt 1 will compriPee a most desirable Filad of Meadow land, close on the bank-s of the river Thames, adjoining the road from Mfaidenliead-bridge to Cookhamn.containing 3i. 3r. a beautiful site for a fishing box. Lot 2. The Fanri- grasng aud imediaelysurouning he armhoue, Lot 3 will coning46 crs. her i exellntbac eathand gravlothesa. mayrobe haidlezexayMbe viewed one0wekprShopsly Warthicuast hald on- tane premiseosea tohe Htart;of MSchosrs.n Coed centrdonf and Coton, IrAKER and SON will SELL by AUCTIOLN, at B the Mfart, on Wednesdav. July 2 atEt, in sixlots, the following raluable COPIYHOLD PROPERTIES, viz,, four large houses and shops, wvith gardens, warehouses, stabbag, a cettage. ho. ; so the main street. close to the Echotl ; let on leaser, for which large premiuams were paid to Messrs. Thompson, Wvinkly, and Waldron ; ALsO a most valu able piece of building land. iinmediately in the rear of the Rev.,NMr. Drury's house and the school ; and a capital field of meadowland, desirably sitateby he ideof he oadleaingfro Boethto 'Uxbridge, contaiinglie Ir 22,, hewhoe poduingat he reent low rentals 210perannm. ay e viwedonewee pror,Particulars had at the ing' Hed, Hrrow- o Mesrs. aylr, Mson,andTaylor, solicitrs.15.Fnrivss-in, olbm; t te Mst;andof the auo- To Drapers. Silkmcrceeu Hoalers Clothiers, and Milliners, 1R.THOMAS HEMM1IG will SELL by AUCYL iONS, at his Roomis, 5, Pilgrimn-street, Ludgate-hili, on Friday next, June 20, the STOQCK ot a DRAPER, Silkmercer, C'lothier, and M~illiner,. On view onThursday.and catalogues ha.I TolPrivate (eutiemen,.Families,,rWie and SpiritM,erchants, and others J iR. THO.MNAS HEMMINGM has been instructed 3to SELL'by AUCTION, at his Rooms, 5. Pilgrim-street, Ludgate-hll on Friday next, at 2 for 3 punctually. abont 150 dozen of sprior POR.T. Sherry. ChamPagne, and other WIN0ES and SPIRIS.May be tasted at the time of sale, and catallonue had at the rooms. Pentenville-hill.-Two Dwelling-houses and Shoes, INJ SRS.H,BR WN ndT.A. ROBERTS wil SELLby ACTIO, a theMart onM.nday. June 33, at 12, 19 nd 0, leaantrow Petonidehil lt sMonday, JndMr Jeifate12, at 20 pr anum,andheldforabou 25eorz unexprdato 68k per annm. ained aricuarsmaybebadof dwadbenings Roil1, soiitr72, NeColewel-trcot;ado Messrs. H, Brown and T. A. Roet.22, Throgmort on-stet Stoke7 UperFgorn,-terosFreetHold Dellinkg-houens,wThe Garens.n 1V_IE.SSRS., H.LBROWN and T.o. ROB ELTS wil AT,L ELl - b AUCTIrN,at thne S0tart,2enlMondayrJne 70,at 12 andE 1nd CpeR-rSa, Sooe "ewng oA Erach house contains rseiven roomsand wsh-hose,ondgoods garde cainethera, ofathed temstimaedn viewd, nd rined artculrs ad f Wrthngtn Eans Rofthe sOlolctr.', oemnsree;und of Mssrs H,unin Brown an dT. A.r Robertm 22, hrgmorton- 4 osiee. t city. i e-on,3daIl Effnects Cofthe Res'idene. Piaofdrts,ingarenavingsX an Peainigs. o ]11[R S- V.J ECOLIEOR and rco.ve dill OSELL M the'AortINe ,on SFridayJn 20,OTIO12 for the modezt on ue TOREJul and EFtETS compritsing a ODawg r1oo2m suiTe nrsewoont inoble chmey-g5s 6lases, brnzes cossad cabinets, pmalatwedite-hosbna gass,dc p th furiturte in! the diin room crompriest Sanis atbma- doay and motrnigofale. Thatploguerts on reethepremtisen, aud oftthe ausioners 4. Watbur-grve,an 35 Ne Curc h-street, rei' inThtoin~~~~~RElg be old nIt- WIleend-oa,I-Urcllet FholdD14ivestmenit, land-ti resleemced. M ESRIS. HUMPHREYS and WALLEN bave reeied intruictiocr zO SELL byr AUCrTI(_% at the Mhart, To-asorrow, June 15. akt 12. the HURESi-SHOOB FREEHOLD BEr.' SHOP. in Messrs. Cbsrington mad Co.'s trade, being let on leasefor I16k yrea, at Z~' per anurum, btat uinder-tt at 15 per annum, the lessee having made a largie out"y ou the premises. Printed particrs. INam Mar *e had of Xeasrs W.V J. Norton awd Son, Solicitors, 'Newstreet, haibo-sgate) at tie kart.; and of Meeera Humphreysa antI Wln.63. Old Bread.street, nina-. LTc Truetees ad otbers.-A&Freeloold lnveztment of the fistclss.Istt rental e210 per- annum, ising- from extensive premises at. East Greenwich, let on sl,,tosa hishlyreqopnrible tenant. MESSRS. HEUMPHREYS and WALLMY arc in- -iii. sructe by th-Tutees la SELL by AUCTION,at the Mar t, Toorw ae 15, at 12. the milnable STEAM-3-ENGINTE aid 1BOILER WOlt,S. cowdnsitn of substantial and conveuient bulld'nt in an enclosed yard- fronting tre river Thames, nt East Greenwr.ic'h. in the Occupation of M1r. Beale, who h ida oni lease far 16 years. at 210 pernimnum. As the neighhomrhcod.is rapidly improvingg. a.ndtthe tenant h&;n valuable interest in the property beyond his rent, the estate cmu be reconsmende,l as a first-class investment, Printed particulars moay now be hwl of Mdearre Tsshamn, lPton, -Upton. and Johnson. solicjn.rs Anstinfrias:s at the MAlrt ; and of Xes%srs. Homphreyo ana WValien. S&Old Bnia4.stree, ci'ty,audXoxford, Essex. Eas,t Greeloinb-Important and valuable, Feehold P operty, by cteo water-side. withaPossession, cornprsn a Mdanufactory on a la'rto sanse. a covered Pope Groundi 191fathennsilength, Building Land. and other l'reinrlss reived lustructionsfo the Trustees to SELL brAUCTMO;T, at the Mlart. To-mo-row, Juine IS, at 12, the toll1knOwnl FREEIZ- HOLD 2ESTATES. many years Occupied by 11fssrs. Enderby. divided. into lots, and so otferedaasto besuitable either for their former Isso.rf Mma mills sod roperv or for other purpose.% to whbich the various p:&rt,s are well suited, Theprincipal lot comprises tno area of about li ft assulare fret, 0occupie-d by the mill, a susbstazmtial brick erection. l3 feet by 0 fete, ofiwo lightiand Iofty stories. ranges of otherlargo. snbstano tial, and wel!-Iirhted buidldgs. engine and boiler houses lofty chliosney ahaft, capital wrharf with crane. yardg, and other arrangements suited, for a conctrn of magnitude, and liaring a g-oa odacerss bothx by land as-,i water. The othier portions comprise a corered rope groind. aL foremu`' house, a rauge of stabling. shedin, 10 cottages mar' certrin. iplume of land. porttinsoof which: aoy ho purchased with the first-maentlonertprem!Zac if desired, and the whole of which are very ei;iblteeither !or usanufrrActurers on a smaller stale for specolators, Prinited 1esrrtiulars. w-t plans. mnay now ho host on the premises; alr, of' Ifesscs, Toatham. Upton, upton. and Johnsoi. solicitors, Anstin-. friars; at ithe Mart; and of 'Messrs. Humpbreys and Wallen, ;S. Old Biroad-street. city. To Land Societies Speculators, and westeo.-ELigible lreehuld, BuIld-- in:! Land, East Greenwich. W'rSRS. HUAI PIHREYS and WALLE N will SE! by AllCTIrO'N. at th-e Mast, To-inarrow. ulnao1S. at 102, about FOUfF, ACRES of htighlay TalutIbIe FREEHOLD LAID. freo, from land tan, close to several extansivp mmunfaetnries, and In toe isomediate v icliniy of otliers now sprjning into eis=tenace. The abiove being lots 6 rnd o the Trusteez of Fnderbfz Estate. -Particuilars and plans are now ready. Hare-hall, xnear Romford.-Luxurlumt Crops of Gross, on about 45- 1IrfssRS-. HUMlPHREYS andl WA-LLEN xvilL. JJ.SELL ba-AUCTION. on tbe Premnt-es, on Thursday, June 15. at . i seen ot, th c'ital CRP 0 RASS, growing in tho narita Cataogses ay e hd a th Logv:the Inns at Harye-street, Rem-- ford, ad IkmNi and of Messrslluphreys and Walico. 68, Old. Near lBrecasn.The highly-attractile nail vairable IlstAtes of Ty-.tfaur and Lisnurk, c-ai5rising the Mansion and Groundls, auit tho compaect Farm andl Lmnds, comprising alto&ether about 400 acres;, ins temidst' Of cheerful soziety. ascd magnificent scenery, 'With capital trout and orrtnson fishing on the ezait r, and -aiimrsy accommnodationc within v'a -ew mles. ESSRS. HUMhPHREYS and WALUEN Iavc,wl. ecsi'-ed instmeclione to SELL hr AUCTION. at the Mart on - Tue-clay. J niy 1. at 1-2. in three lots the M1ANSION and APTIJITFNANCES, i'cluiidig& the homeAsetures and plantations, cnataining 95h.; the capitalfarm comprisin-' .21a.. with separate house andl bomecstead, an?d the musoatain wooa anid pastture lands, Containing 7Sa.,. with unlimited aAditicual rights c-f paslurage. The houre ir a biandIsome stone edilice. on a comforlahesandl commodious (yect msodtr,ste) I(scale. aud is suitable for the family r.f a geitluman of standing in L)o, cointy; it is sealedI on a tasteful lawn. surrounded by the pasture iursesdwith plantation-, The gardens, out-office,., ft, arera a itinble scale. tnehbuildiurs bei-ag a- rssbst,-rntial and cor,venlnt. The faTrm Consists of corn ind turnip loud of excellent stalle ant quality and has been for mnany a-ears so judiciosusly aLndliberally fam-icd by the Proprietor as to have become celebrated iih the dis!cIct for 115 productiveness, znd miay be inst:=ntly let if purehatol for investmaenk. The far,o-liouse and homestead are. adesiuata and the former 1TIctn: on the banlk of the riverUB1k has asdlrltonal attractions as a fishing best,. Toe estate in v,rvc compvact, and the sitrlatiou is trost attractive, itho isrunbry upon tbe estate and in the zneisub:=uhood asreseriting every variety of grand'eur and of svlvan, beauty. The prishM Chin-oh br-a ces,itly rebuliti is cl oL, at hand. Toe railway is within 17 miles sod preliminiaryrsleetilrgo lhavebeem heldl for extending it to llreron. Particulars may he bad in dnae time! StfW. H. Clifton, Eso.. soicitom', Romford; of 'Messrs. Fairfoot, Webb.and D'Aeth. solicitors, Closnent's-tun. Londoin: of MNessrs. Richards and Walker, Wlicitnrs, it, Lincou'ns-man-fields. London; and of M esra Hnumphreya mnd Wallcn, 6f, O!d B3road-traot. eilla' Ber-Kshi-re.-The ldldgham Estate, with Hall Cut srtoist Freehold Estate of 1,106 actreS, in2luding the MWAuKro and Parkc, several Farmt,I numerous Houses "an Cottages. trith theo lianse, situnate on the.Hungerford Line oftheGreat iTeste.n tliW-ay, only one mile fro-m the 'Voolaampton Ittation, andl 31 from Eeadisr, IL{ESSRS. HTLfltPHI2EYS und WALLEN h'ave- i receir-ed instr.sctions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. Juily 29. in one lot, the above inil-ortant DOM1AINT, which forms onea of the most cimplete an-d inviting estates for residence and inivestment in the county, Iling as it 'toes entirely within a rin)g fence, tire miansion sand park nearly in thle centre, the .ormner a ce'mmodio,rr residesoce, aidapted fer a nobIninau'a or gens tlinemmns establishment, and the latter varied by stately timber and. PI .nCtatlonip, and Iby a sehet of w-aler. there being approaches in four directioins by gocd roads leading through the farms and wooDLs slpertaminig to the proper ty: the foirmr comprising some of the richest landl in the county, andbheing let, trws t,v. t: sup-nier ~c-s of tenantry-; the houses and cottages parta-into, in- their dlegree, of the last charaneteristics, and there heiu: the farther attractios,s of excelient tvrrntfishing and first-rats shooting on the 'state, and ofuns'rrpaseedbhrntis-g arranement in te neihbourood. he whle Of thle al'ovo is free-- holdexcptl~ areshel oftieDea anClmpteOfIWes;insterunder he entousar Churh icon" andthe maor al rectorial tillms willbe icludd inthe urchse. ~o wods abu 10 acrtej ore In han. artsuarsan lonsnia- e ad n uetime of 'mr-saa Tire Tower. on Snrblten-bliN. I.4EQ'UALLETT lhas beta ftvorred wiith instrr;cLrLtioris from shie Proprietor to SELL by AUCTiOIT, I:lAS3 prvosydisposedof by private treaty, at th A,"ciennMart in July net at"1'clock, that charming -itlae FRIEEHOLD FZPFl?tItT caled Tire Tower, on Srurbiton-h-1al a pretty Elvirtethana villa, crectcd reg-ardles,s of cost, and wvith Considerable taste, possessing-, like roust residences of its class, mnany conveniences, though ma-m it cityle ard construction nut on no extensive sinus; also Two Freehold Cottage i aljoining; the whole farmiing P. co=piete sod compact freehold trsist, enjoy-ing ;one of thu most healthiy and pnicturresque PrKritious, stading high on Surbiton-hill. -within five mlnitrte' wallk of the Kingatoms Suilion, and within half an hour of trwn.L Iarticnlscs may be, elhtin,-l. at the principal imnn at Kingston, 7Byvom. and Ewvell; C. E, Jenunett. na.slctor. Niing-ston. Burr -pt- at. the Mart; and of Sir. Quallett, x.eioer &e.. le. New l3end-street. 'he Anigeil Esvite. rttockweil.-..1re;lmaloiary AGveitiseuient. MIR. QUJAL-LETT has received instructions froita j,,the 31ortgagees to SELL hy public AUCTIO-N, at the AMar), in the month of July next, tire -bore highly- important and wab0u.1. PROPEPTY, situate in the Lansriowin-road, Sourh Lambeth-road. nod the Binliehl-road. Stockrwell ; consiiting of on extensive uariersy ground, and otmen rents arising from 26 handsome residleuces, all ar-elI t-enanted, noid mnost desisably situate, and producing an Incorre,! between :600 and 701 per aunnm. P'rixticlars, writh plans. are3 ini preparation, andmayshortiabe had jt tire Ma,,rt; of T. J. Froord, 1. solicicer, Pianos's-hall1. Old froad'c_treat; the Sean, Sckol n r the offices of_ M-~. Qtallett, auctioneer arid estate agent. 10, New haondstreet, oppos Ite thev Qlaendou. SI. ameo. rsnuon~ey Surey. ear-thespa-royd -'ltimlon J~1JR. UALLET will ELL o01 the presni sOs nraFriay,Jun 2. a 12 hro"er c-f the execuotrs .I .Tete Crlin. Ej. te rmainng Ur,ITURE, wii-ch iuellidess bedteas ad hldig, hamer eposits,diLing ani other tab)-.-r The unique and- genuine Collection of ldorlands, Upwards of di) ir. number, whi-ch, from their excellent pr eservatIon. truthfulness io nature, and purity of design, masy f%ir.y he deemed aimostsunriv,slled in E-urot,e; the property of the late Jesse Curling-, Esq., of Bcr- j,:R. QUAILLETT has been lionotiretd with IVLinstructions from the executors of tire late Jesse Curling. E~q., of Bermondasa-, to SELL by AUCTION, at tire Rooms. 21, Old llamdstreet. on FrIday, July 11, at I. this well-lonown andl excee2zin5ly valuable COLLECTION of PICYURE-S, by) that celebratoed English artist, George 3forlanmi, executed at. a period when his isest efforts So justly obtained for him a world-wide fame:; among which wil 1 1 found speclimens of cever variety of subject, treated in his.ow peculiarly cbaracteristic and master-la- mannir, including the Itorso Fair, the Thatchers. the Hard Bargain, the Gipsics InnDocence Alarmed, Tbeas:ana Shooting', the Muszic fatberrer, she IandI Storm. the Proposal, Sea Coast ba-Moonli-ght, a series of birm'ting subjects, and others equally meritorious, already knowvn to the pebblec from their popular engravings, Mauy be a-iewed on Tuesday, the 8th, by tickeLte only, and3 publicl on the two following (lays, and catnlo-uesob., tane tthe 'rooms, and. at the offices of 'Jr. Quaafett, auxctioneer. 10, New Bend-let-set Opposite time filarenlou. _iaplbus toke Newington. mind Liverpool-roa. Isliugtolm. MESSRS DENT and SON wvill SELL by AUC- TIO, at Garrawa:',s, To-m~orrow,.Junel8, atl2. in lots~, Xo. helUfNIMa-ears, rrom raidariTo-er ld.at aJrrunei rentl of 12 SI, anLEtattSsLerHOUSES Nos. 11.19G, ari tO, w ichardeoAm-street,eta num.bysparaticuleasatfth 3lace of yas,ale un. a pudremies of J5 aB. AsowHouthap es- tlings Claebomroand Camentil-town.No.IAad . iIjrESSRS.DENT and SNdwilldfErLbou7yeaUCiL TriONd aets No.TOArrata's, Tod-marow Junate4p8thrat 1u. SIr ticulars t-o behlad on the pyremises, in Clarence-road ; the King's Amine puimlic-house. near-Almna-Etrect. Kenttmsh-tovs,n;of John 'Fraser E'q_. s6licitor. 16. Furnlval.'s-inni; and of Messrs. Dent and Son, 115, outls-, ampton-boildings, Chancery-lane. and Camnden-tossn. The valuable. and important Preeho d Man-or of Newington, fLarrare, otherwise Hihbrnxy, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the county of41Midlesex, 'IJE SSRS. DENT and SON have received instruc. tioustoofferforSALE by AUCr'ION. at Garraway'ma. Tomorrow. iBtti June next. the e,oeve moat valuable and imiproring MANOR, heretofore varcel of the posese'lons of the Crown. with al the customary advantages akrising from courts baron, csonirtleet, nortis of survey, fines at the will of the lord, on death or alienation, ounit monte, royalties,. and all tights, member, profits, emolamente, and ;appreaesthiereto belonging. By a, survy maide by orderof Hlenry Prin~e nofWVa!es Iths eldest son of King James Lgiin1611. the manor wasfound t,ocou?ntin.ucaly 1,085sacres,of which lIS. r. Op. were freehold. 407a, Or. 49, demleme lands, and 414a. Br. 1djA were coT hodo inheritance. Ba-the erisom of the ma,nor-two yearTirslnror enict in payable to lbs lord en duath or alienation. Time quit a-eute payable at thin timne amount' to 3 ls. 100. per anniim, extending over verys vatuable property. estimated at upwards r.f 1,300 per ainnum. crecmuive of those in abeyance. The emolumentsto be expected to arisefrom lauriel and appurten)ances, from which the quit roots=ad customary lies and Payments have bern Omitted to bee enforcedl, or are in abeyance, are very considerable: and the whole forams an importautinveetment in every zegpeut; ir,zlb the attention of Eentiemuen oft te leeal profiaxglon or the capitalist. Particulari and corstions of sale, withsplan of the manor, are in progress andwill rshortly bo ready at the piate of sale the Angel Tavern and the Blue Coat LOS at tlsington: the Gathboue, Highgate; the Archway Tavern, Upper Holloway; the Compasses at Hornsey the Plough, Hornsey-rowl * at the ofihces of B. W Fewys saq soiidtor 3, a-square; and of Mossrs. Dent andSon, S' Sonthamptoo:buildingo, Chancery-lane. and ramden-town, Upholstery and Ca'oinetmascm' Stact-In concequence of a DIssolu- tion of Partnership. T jR. C:HARLES J. BAER. has been instracted by iVJ, Messes, Wlkie and Cochrane to SELL byaAUCTION, atttho M.Ianxufactory, 20,Nassau-street, Mlddle=eBo. pitaL. onTueeday.TJnnc2. at 12 forl, in coDnequence of a dissolutiun of rartnership and re-arrangement of the firm, the XANxUACTI.IED STOCK ot tdis well-knowvn firm; comprising iron. mahogany. Arabian. French, and four-pust bedsteads and fsn-idtures. mahogany and birch marble-top washing and dieossing tables, toilet and chesal glasses, bed table, and chest of drawers. S-feet maho,gany. 6-feet. and other wardrobes, three set of dining room clairs in morocco. a 7-feet 6 mhoipany pedstal sideboard with nobleplate-ila-sbacklolaboganydinre-r-aEggets.Sitherlandtables, easychaRyirs inleatsher, a9-fe-t Smassivenahogauyhibirarytable,resew0ood and walnut hen, card, and oocasioral tables, walnut cheffonier. wr-k tables, te-tmeys, devonport twolarge 7-feet ited over conversa,ion sobtsein sil1; and tapestry, two drvi mg-rOsm mrite in silkd rosewood and wv,ut drav;ng room chairs. drawia.ir room easy chhairs settees couches, lc. and other items. Maybe vienrertwo dane isprior. and roalogues bad at tbe factory; and of the auctioneer, at his owlsehrp 23 hkoteomb'street, Belgrave-slqsre, De obighshire.wft acres of Freehold Ind, in a rDsg fence, midwoy bethwen Buthln and Mof d, and five miles from thc :oDld RailwaY Bhttion.-;I the last weed of July (if nst a.reviouly dicposed of as a vhole, of which notice v;illbe gi-.enl, in convenient lo04 ALIL those Fsarms :and Lands in Qmthe townshlips , of Gwmeranfynnn and Cyfnasa, in the Trur'sh ot Llanarsmon. us the several holdings of Joha Hwa-e, John Francis, Edward JOnDC9 Ryan Parry, Rowland Edwvards, fhomaa Jonas, David Davies, Peter Parry. David Harrison, and others. The estate consists of nearly 660 acres, of which SO are wood oralantation. Atuirnpike road intersectS the property, and there is a dailypDst. The lead iinenow in work, and the n inerals generallJ, will eh either sold or retained, as the purchasers may wish. There in excellent lime on the estate, and com. by a turnpike road, four miges3 dimtant. Two-thhir3 of tie prmrchaseMoney, if tle purchae exceeds 42%, may remain uon.nortafet at p percent. To the sportsman the estate offers great mduersenteS a5 the wood isone of hebe3tcovert in Wais, 3and ies betwecnthe wellPreserved estates of Bxthafam and Glanrafon: and tbat Par of the Ala-u w6hich runs through the property l'i the belt of the river for trout. sPplicstiora for the wvhole msy be mnade to Mr. Poln. land surveyor. T5C.etmine~ter.buildi, Cheater: and the property mnay be seen our aPOl7g So John HTgh;rr5 the vWooDdman, at tke CXOsa ]Kes,
