DEATHS. Onthe 17th of May last, at North Melbourne, Victoria, Australi, 8arah Sesanuah. the dearly leved wife of MJr. O.ihrles Stuart Perry, aod eldest daughter of MUr. William Holleli, of Elt. John's-wood, London, aged 25 On Thursday, the ist nit,, at AvenbueVicarage. rerefordahire. Margarett, relict of the late R3obert Doagerfield, Esq., of Down flosse, In the Sam e county. On Sarfday, the 15th inst., at hi3 lodgings in London, Mr. Samuel Lnrcoe, late of Cambridge, aged C2h On Sunday. the 17th test. at Oak Ye11s, Charlton Kinge, Oheltenarn, WlM= Y enry Baldwin, Esq. On the lth inat., at 43. Georco-equare, dinburag, the Rev. Jamet Boyd, LL.D., ono of the Masters of the High School there, in the 61st year of hi sare, On the 12th lost. at Bowler't-Green. Alice Yaldes, youngest daughter ot Henry Yalden Knowvles. Rq., aged two years, On the 19th last., at High ayiacombe, Backs, Mr. John Griffit aged 75. On the 19th inst.. at?t Idrse ot Wight, Maia Di YArcy,wieo homas J. Wlsmon, of Baltimore, U.S. On Tuesdasy. the I2th tusk, James SDooner, Req., of blorfa Lodge, tortmadO North Walea, aged1 on thet ost, inst at Hythe, after 16 reas of evere suffering, bores with exemplary Chris;tian flrtlude, Elizabeth, the beloved wife of Thomas Rece, -LLD. On theurday, the 21st iust., at 3er4ata, after long auTering, Jane, eldest dauohter of a r. ThomasMleo, 492, Strand, in her 19th year. On Thursday, the 23 st inst., at Maurgate, Milioent Mary, youngest daughter of Wi. Harrison, raq., of Roehsapton Ld , Surrey, aged two yesa w and U months, On the 21st inst., at his residroce, 70,7Welbe:k-etreet, Cavendishs sqnarr, the Baron Filippo Cdit uniTersaly beloved sad estoemed. On the 22t inst., at his residence, the Quay, Great Yarmouth, ia the 73d yr of his aee. universally regreted Chles Peon, Esq., Cap- ,a tin Her ioesty,sa Royal Navy, snd a magla;itate of the borough, On the 21st inst., at UeIton, nesr Woodbrdge, in his 91st year, John Wood, alq. It Is rather remarkable that he should hLa died on the ams estate where he w.a born, anxd where he resided nearly all his Ice)gulfe. Ona T5urday, the 21st tst, at Park,road, Upper folNoway, sincerely beloved T.AnJanthe, the raectonate wife of AlfredGurney, 19, Hedgero, Islegton, and daughter of the late Esr. John Guney. of Hamasermesith, On the 22d linst, at her residence, Castle-gate, Nfottinghame, Mlatisda, widow of the late John Niexon, REsq., aged 67. On the l2s test., at 12 Peachureh-buildlags, Mrs. Darling, in the 79th year of her age. On the 2211 inst., at Both, in her 80th year, Mary, widow of RearAdmraial Western, late of TaitUnagotne Place, Suffolk. On the 22d tenst, at Astonflouse,Oxou, Anna Maria, eldest daughter of Sir Heary Johan [amberts Bert. On the 2211 Inst. a-t ChLelsea College, In the 29th year of his ag, Owen Evan, only eon of Owen Williams, Resq., late of Hqackney, deceased, On the 2311 inst.. Mary Ann. the beoved wife of Mtr. Henry Nicholes. of, 71, Piceeglilly, deeply regzetted by her family and all whLo knew her. At Terquay, Devon, aged 47, Jens Bell, Eaq.
-9?6:31BKETa2d CITYIYN1EliUGENV. -he -: .m-ost- Saturday Evenlng Ihe aluost, unprebederited inactivity of the *niiglish funds -which- have only iluctuated' -a eighth during the last fortnght, still continues, and Con-ols have again remained throughout the day at'9 2 to t for muoney, and 954 to i'for-the 10th of Septemlber. Very few transactions took place.' Bank Stock left off at 217k to 2181,-; :educed, 95ato i .New Three per Cents.,- 96 to 6; ,Annuities,. 18 7-16; India Stock, 233' to 236; .India-bonds, '12s. to 15s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 100k to ri: and Exchequer-billu, lis. to 14s. premium. Foreign securities have also been without 'mate-. nal alteration. Turldsh Six per Cents. for the aecount were negotiated at 103r.; and the. Four- per I Cents. Guaranteed4 forthe account, at 104. Other descriptions attracted little attention. . Ecuador Pronsional Land Warrant, 4; Grenada,' New Ative, 20;,' Peruvian F;our-and-a-Half per Cents., for money,- S2}; for the acco.unt, 83 and 82X; and 1 the Three per Cents., 58&. - . . The final quotation of the Prenc Three5 per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening was7'0f.7c., showing a further fractional declne. The prospectus has'been issued of an undertaking to be called the Levant Mineral Company, -with a capital of 250,0001. in 101. shares, on which 41. is to be paid. The company is formed for the general development of the mineral resources of Turkey and the Levant, which are known to be extensive;. but its primary operations will be directed to the mines of emery stone at Scamanova, in Amatolia, under the Sultan's firnan, and at theisland of Iaasos, in the Grecian chipelago, under con-tract with the Greek Government. The annual consumption of emery stone in Europe is stated to be more than 3,000 tons, and the use of it steadily incieases with the progress of the manufacture of plate-glass and other polished substances. Fiom their calculations of the demand and supply and the cost of working, the directors express full confidence that a 10 per cent. dividendimay.be depended on for the first 12 months, with progressive increase in future years. The board, which comprises some of the directors of the Ottoman Bank and the Bank of Egypt, is most respectably constituted, and -it may therefore be presumed that they have not committed 'themselves to this opinion without full investigation. The railway meetings held during the week have been nlumerous, and have presented some pomnts of interest. The report of the South-Eastern Conipany states that the amlount availabIe for dividend on the ordinary stockis 123,1911. The directors propose a I distribution at the rate of 9s. Gd. for 301.' stock, or I 31. 3s. 4d. per cent, per annum, which rwill absorb i 117,7001., and leave a balance of 5,4901. At the meeting of the N=orth-Eastern Company the report: w;as adopted anld the various rates of dividend wreru confimed. The directors of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway express a belief that the undertaking contains within itself al the elments of success, and that the practical management they are endeavouring to introduce will, before long, bring the net revenue to pay interest and preference charges, and leave a balance for distribution on the original shares. According to the report of the Great Southern and Western Railway, tho net surplus for the half-year is S1,4431., fromu which the directors propose to pay a divdend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. The traffic of the Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor line exhibits an increase, tith theview of effecting an economy in the present rate of interest, the directors have resolved on exercising their borrowing povrers rather than issue the remainder of the preference shares. The acounts of the Eastern Counties Company showv an available balance of 32,634l., whichwiMlallowa distribution at the rate of 2s. per share; buit the directors leave' the question to the decision of the shareholders, as they have on previous occasions accepted d,ividends while declining to pass the respective halar ce-sheets. At the Taff Vale meeting the dividend declared was at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, and the report was received as satisfactory. The report of the Stqkes Bay Railway details the general progress of the line. The dividends of the !Northern and Eastern Railway are at the rate of 5 and 6 per cent., as agreed. with the Eastern Coumties Company. At the meeting of the MIaryport and Carlisle Company it was intimated that the works on the double line have been advanced and that the stations are all in good order. The report of the South Wales Railway has been agreed to, and the dividend confimed at the rate of 3i per cent. on the ordinary stoclk of the company. The report of the North and South-Western Junction states that the amount available is sufficienito pay 2i per cent., leavino- a sinal balance to be carried forward. At the Midland meeting the report . was adopted, and the dividend declared at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum. A motion for abandoning Sunday traffic, except in cases of emergency, was lost. The Londonderry and Enniskillen report has been carried, including a dividend of 2s. 6d. per share on the No. 1 preference shares, payable as the directors may hereafter arrange. The trafflic on the line has not eshibited a great improvement. A meeting has been held at Wells in favour of the Somerset Central Railway. The shareholders of the Cork and Bandon Railway have adopted the report, and a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum has been declared onthe No. 1 preference shares. It was stated that the difference-with Messrs. Fox, Henderson, and Co. bas been settled. The dividend of the Fdinburgh and Bathgate Railway is 5s. Gd. per share, and the report has been carried. The legal question connected with the Uphill branch has not been wholly adjusted. The Bu-l and Selby shareholders have adopted the dividends at the rate of 21. Os. per 501. share, the rent having been paid by the lessees with punctuality. The works of the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway are steadily proceeding, and a portion of the line is expected to be opened next summer. Mr. John Cater, the Director of the Ban'k of Egypt, who reeently proceeded to Alexandria on behalf of that undertaking, is stated to have returned wvith, a very satisfactory aceount of its progress and proTpects. The Royal Swedish Railway Company are under. stood to have settled the outstanding claims upon them by an issue of 7 per cent. preference shares to their creditors at par. They will now therefore proceed to complete the first half of the line. Proposals have been issued for the sale of 7 per cent. bonds of the Hannibal and St. Joseph (Missouri) Railway at 87a. The entire issue amounts to 1,000,0001., secured by 600,000 acres of land granted to the company by the Federal Government, of which about 200,0001. remains to be sub.. scribed. The following'further coammunieations have been received regardxig the 'annual closing of the office of 'tne Accountant in Bankruptcy - *Sir,-A letter in your publication of to-day appears to deny the accuracy of the statement I furnished to you resmeotsng the delay a the paymentof dividends in the hank raptoy Accofmtant'sh office. ' To my former statement I most distinctly adhere, en dorsed as it is by the accountant here and the soliitor to the estate. Several of the creditors called upon me and' expressed the hardship of their position -at bemng ksept tvro months and a-half out of their aivdends through3 the regu. lations of the London odfice. Perhaps the accountant, when next he wrrites, wrill statb the reason why the dividend isnLot now payable.- *1 a m, Sir, your most obedient servant. "A CREDITOR. Liverpool, Aug. 2." "Sir,-Iamnot iurprised to see in your cityarticle of yes. erday a complaint as to he office of the Accountant in Bankuruptcy being closed from the 9th of -August to (not the. last wc6k, as your correspondent, * A Creditor,' states, but) the 7th of October-a- period of more than eight weeks, being one weak beyond the usuLal time-and lVitil such short notice to the public that many of the payments of dividenLds. declared at meetings fixed previous to snobh iotice during the firt two weeks. of August cannot be paid until the second week in October. " Why should that-office be closed at any period?' It is so redundantly snupplied with clerks that at least one-third of the establishment may be absent on leive throughout the whole year without in the slightest degree interruptino the :ourse of business; and the closing for six to eight weeXs in-' every year.is a source of great annoyane,-not only to cre- 3itors, but to the official assignees, who at the expiiation, of r,be vacation'suffer seriously from the pressure arising from the compulsory long esseatibn of a portion of their mecha-, nical operations, which causes an immenee accumulation of work at its close, and disturbance of their financial sriage- 3nents, as they ere obliged to pay money in, but can draw-no: noney out of, court during the vacation, except under very. noneisl ciromusiauces, to be certied by their comnaisi1oners. ":Iam, Sir, yoar obedient servant, I"Aug.21. . "2 B.". The annexed information with regard to the progress of Engliih mining adventure is condensed from the Mining Jous'nrl *- I ' I "The market for mining shares has- been buopuit lhis -week,c.A good demand has been nsantained for mast *o he dividend dseicnptions, and sellers are onIv to be found iat inerdeised rates. At Whea:l Owles meeting tha r.ccunts. d.eud. of 61. Os per share was declaed~ andSi&iapa!w e. ofS 144{9Z. carrned to next account.. At. Providence meetin the accoanits' 'liowd a'- balance -in favour 6f idvea-. tlurers of 2,66S7.; a dividend of 41. rer share was declcared; t1th Basseb meting, the accouits shored a balance in favour-of the mine of 3,S-761. - a 'dividend 6f 12s. 6d. pesihare was declared. -At 'Wbhea'sFWrey Consols meetiig-the accounts shbwed a baLnce iln favour of adventurers -of. 1L7IM1;; a dividend of - 7s. pdr share: was de2lafed. At Exmoauth and Adams United} meeting ' the accounits showed a balance in f%vour of aiventurers of 2,6. a divide6nd of 3s. per share was declared. At ESTst Whieal Vor neetingthe icountsshlowed *a balancedinfavoui of themine of e53L At Wleila TehidT -meeting the-accounts. shoed a,balance in favour of the mins of 28l. At, Devon iBurra Bux ineeting'the accounts showed a balance inhand of -871.; a cal of Ss. per. share .was 4greed to.' At bDuke of CornwalU meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 20ot. At Fxaiik mUlls meeting the accountssshowed a balance against adventurers of 132!;. At Bedford, Consols meeting thE acco3nnts's1howed, a balance against adventurers of 2241. ; acilU of 3s. per sbare was made. At WhealLangflord meeting the acco0nts sliowed abalancein favour of adventurers of 131.; a'call of 2s; per share was made. At Duston Iron. Ore meeting th accounts showed a. balanme in favour of the company of 1,02837 - With regard- to foeignn ibinino- there is ;nothing -worthy of extract. - ' d Among recent commnercial publications has been *a second edition of Mr. BainbJidge'n elaborate. Treatise on th' Law off !1MT?ie and Mineia7sY The nesw matter introucea- Telates tlway-, water, andmnanorial right3, partnerships, the construction o6f leases, injuries by uiiderining and inundation, bariTers, andthe working out otbounds. A glossar of minring terms is also added. A new copy of the JTivt-Stock Companies Act, 1856, t has lkewise been issued, preceded by remarks from Messrs. Harrisoni auid Cape on the comnion -law of partneri'ps, on ' the formation of' joint-stock companies, on a subscriber's liabilities in the incipient staae of an -undertaking, and on the definite-position Qf the members 'when it is fully established.. A useful little work called Tl[e' Tras4atoi- byTvfr. Chambers, the mananger of theI Unity Bauk,d gives the translation from 12 languages of the several terms used in' bills of exchange, together, with comparative tables of foreign money and foreiga weights and measures. * Batterworthqs, :leet-street. t Baily Brothers. 4: Cuthbert and Southey.
HARYg,SMT LABOUR A.D MODERN FARMIYG. The postponed trial of reaping machines which took place at Boxted-lodge the other day attracted the attention of farmers throughout the kingdom, and the near approach of a harvest which promised weU in all respects biut that of snficienthands to securo it induced many to anticipate the announcement of the decision by a visit and personal in. spection. One gentleman from Bedfordshire was so far satisfied with the work done, and also with the judicial award, that he purchased the prize reaper for the purpose of introducing it to the farmers of his own county. Pro. bably many of our readers have asked " What has become. of the machine ?' We are happy to inform them that it is safe, and busy in the county of Bedford. On FridayIlast, accordmng to arrangement, a large party of county gentlemen assembled at the Park Farm, Wobnrn A bbey, to witness the performnances of the Crosakill reaper. The early part of the day wFas as unfavourable as cou,d well be imagined, but, notwithstanding the weather, the ponderoTis machine addressed itself to its task in a basiness-like style, mowing for itself a clean passage through the standing corh to the astonishment of many present, and to the great delight of all. In the selected field, there were numerous patches of laid an d straggoling wheat, but so thoroughly did the reaper do itis work that not an ear escaped-the verv labourers attending being driven to acknowledge that no man. could cnt so regularly or so cleanfly. The circumstances of thetrial afforded a fair illUstration of tbe ease of management, for it was worked perfectly by two men in the employnment of the Duke of Bedford (his grace's drillman and his son), who had never seen a machine of the kind previously. This servant of the duke, by the way, although pobably only an average soecinen of the seen employed at woburn, so impressed Ir. Croaskill, or so won upon him by tho facility he eshibited in the conduct of the operation, that be was engaged on the spot to become the travelling compaon of the machine in its toerof experiments. We have stated that a considerable number of the county gentry and larger farmers were present on the occasion, ana these may be considered as representing the old school (so far as there is an old school), as well as the more advanced section of agriculturists. To show the spirit in which these gentlemen are disposed to take up the matter, we may mention that one person, on ordering a machine from ths maker, stated his intention of placing it at the disposal of his men gratis for the nexct year's harvest, and this in order to disarm the prejudice and apprehensions which the labour. ing classes are not unlikely to entertain. This gentleman considers that his proper share of profit will be completely covered by the early and quick ingathering of the corn. Great pleasure was evinced by the visitors in the opportunity afforded of inspecting the noble farm, which contains within itself a complete epitome of aU the modem improve. asents in the cultivatior of the soil. The farm embraces above 1, 000' acres, and nowhere could better farming be witnessed than here. Corn, root crops, grasses, and cattle are severally the best of their hind, while the arrangemeihts are characterized throughout by their marked reference to economy. Everything is expected to pay. The farm is a uodel to all occupiers, and the buildings are worthy of imitation by all proprietors of the soil. It must be remarked, however, that the excellence of this farm is not. of recent growth, for more than 30 years ago WVobarnpark Farm vas greatly in advance of many neighbour. hoods that possess a high repute at the present day. For many yearsr. Burness (a Scotchman) had the superintendence of the farm, and his high reputation as a practical form er is worthily sustained by his successor, Mr. Bat-er - indeed it is owing to the factthat this gentleman is a faithfei disciple ofthe sam e enterprisingschool that the farm is in such high condition. hIany of the improvements commenced by his predecessor, Mr. Bakeerhasperfected, besides originating not a few,. In anxious desire for progress in every deparment few men exceed Mr. Baker; and he is manifestly a man who believes in the accomplishment of that great desideratum-the application of steam to the culture of the land. It would be mNidious thusto particularize the merits of Mr. Baker were we not to add that the whole appearance of the farm proves that the Duke of Bedford has succeeded in fillbig all the principal offices of his immense estates with most able men. The entire estate, under the superintendence of Mr.- Bennett, is hardly less remarkable. for admirable management than for natural beauty - and when the visitor. has accustomed his mind' to tho ma;is of systematic care which he may discern on every side, he will be prepared to witness, without surprise, the vast inanufactories whuch ring out their din hard by the ducal palace, and shoot their long chimney shafts above the rich foliage of the home woods of the park. In these workshopis all the building materials for the homesteads and, cottages of the estate are made ready for use, and here workmien m ialmosb all branches of mechaniesfind unintetrupted employment. The experiments withthe prizereaper wereresumed on' eSaturday, when somethig very like envy took possession of ;the spectator's' mind wvhen he saw how easily and' rapidly 'that wbrk mig,ht have been done, thec unavoidable postpone'ment ofnwhich, on his own farm, has filled him with misgiving. All, however, departed to their respective farms in some ineasure comfortedhby the 'assurance that there necd not be any more harvests wasted for, want of a steady, punctual, reliable labourer.
: STA-TB OF OTJDE'. The following is an extract from a letter datedi Luclmow, June 15:-, "The late native officeis of the Oude Government-; draughted into the comnission have proved afailaure. Ther are quite incompetent to perform the duties required of % them, and have, one and all, expressed their d3esire to be otherwise provided for, an.d it is in contemplation to place them in appositments for which their previous career fits them. The ToolshupGor Rajah showed significant tokens oEinsubordination and disaffection, and several dacoities occurred En histerritory. His rabble Tetainers-mnffians of the worst cnaxacter-had large claims of -arrears sgainst him, and, being umable himself to pay, he let them loose - on his villages. A force was sent which did its 'work with-- - out fiimg a shot The Rajah fled, and 'Wingfield rapidly.- pursaed and captured him. His forts7 are occupied, his v rabble followers pai(l up, and his coountiry wnowv1e settled l and ahandsome allowance given him. The clever and admir-- able mnanner in which W-mgfield has effected this vill gain, forbim great and deserved praise. He is decidedly our best tr c6ficer. Had the lisjal succeeded in getting away hi, followers would have kept us in hot water all the rains; and the example might have beem followed by others. As 'it has happened, the lesson read to all malcontents is most salutary. The complete discomfiture and easy capturei of a Rajah against whom- the King's forces could do nothing, and who constantly defeatea them-who for three years has defied all authority-have so strOngly manifested our power, and the fautility of any attempt to-oppose it, that I am quite certain this hloodless campaign will be the first amd last one. AUl the rest of On-de is tranquil. The largii, Talookdars are paying up and discharging the large bodies they wer compelled to retainintheirown defence, to protect them from the rapacity of theKing's Amils. People ara re- turning to the houses and lands from which oppression anrd nsecurrity of life and prospects had driven them; and every. where there are the moetwilling obedienceand submission to -cur authority. The lull and absence.of incident, indeed, ara so wonderfulw alulostto seemlike the powrof meagic, and, one niight be inclined to believe that it was the slumbering' ' which precedes the burst of a volcano; but there is sach l cheerful resort of all classes to our officers, and such a com- pleto' adoption of our system,, that I am constrained - to beleve thAt it is real, - and that the peopl,e really hail us as their deliverers. All claims against the late Statehave now been adjustod; and though the snnM liss been enormous, yet this act of jnstice and the meansit'has affordedthe people of comfortably settling themselves have very largely contributed towards the attainment of the - present state of tranquillity, and it is perhaps a fortunat6; circumstanoe that the dawn of our rule hs been ushered inL by so large a measure of justice. There is but little crime. This city is profoundly tranquil; still the. lemuenta of saLachief are in existece, and, if sired up, L we- might even -ow - be plaeed in an awlkwrd pteL;cacnt. We are daily becoming' stronger, anda- 3r another- month our police.will- be etdentlyaud com.,; pletely organized; The- revenue is conmin in. Of 'tbe A- rubbee demand there is only IS per cet. babnee in Luck.-; n'rw. O-'s division is heavily in arrears; ibt tLetI parti of Qude; lha foz zeara never iaid revenue swithout . .oercion. -Christian's division, Xhyibxa, is working like the machinery for -the administration of aa old settled '- iirovince. This has been - brought about by Tthe unreoedlented esertlosns of ourT offEce*s. I "Allbavcbeenxposed toburningheat,-3ndlaveidentified themielves 'with the.mtefestsuof overnment. ITwishmy Lozd Albemarle and some of those gentlemen-in tihe krda ' a'nd Commons who assimilate the 'work and -duties and responsibilities of Indian officias to thceeof ooboniee semblin- this countryin no one particula had been with ' - Wingfield, or any deputy-commissioher, during ths season,- andl--am sure they-would ;aintain unbroien silnee herafter ozi Indian topics. - - -. "The poor King has bitterly rued the d-y he quitteda Lucknow. Hebas had to pay ,00 r.forhispmgedownin' two steamers, and the--?eninsiar and Oriental Compy have called upon him to pal 75,O r. inm ulfiment of an' agreetsent made with themby CaptainBird cn tbe'is'- .2 part and I believe he his been warned of several clabua which are lilkely to be preferred iSt kim if h.1 ever sets his foot in England.- AZ -All Xli' t ;ultanpoor, has been called vpon -to, make good25,OOOr. z He dad the hlinister rwere toie 'wrst'of dia the hurpies who i z preyed'oni the'lingdom. A board of 'worki lisaw een orga', nized, but it is not yet inopertio' * "The troops, ineludingEera e*s' 2d,sre allexcee'- ingly healthy. We have early and beavyrnins; Texiver i$W * quite Jull. We are anjoyins exoedinglye - for the time of 'year Tiescity is sgem632amP ventilation, and is aledy Iueb isar - Oarjl duties are daily becoming heavier, mere r~e'iat P,d less- misetllaneous, and 'when we get the.i eas,iunte. I ettledlIhope oulr coorts will l,ein reiisf on om- der.- I At praesnb-the revenue occupis aa en'idub't llI I1I0bl ¶ largeshare of attenteon. = - --. -- . C.
LQNVDOR MONDAY, AUGUST 25, 1. The objects of the National .eformatory UTnion [ Ire now, no doubt, fully understood. For years peasuns conicerned in thie aidinistration of justice have -deplored their own inability to remedy a great eviL They have seen children of tender age brought before them charged 'with beggina and pfering in the streets. They have seen boys little more advanced in life placed in the dock to answer for such offences as theft, housebrealdn,o and even highway-robbery and horse3tealing. The whole apparatus of crimunal justice was brought into action to punish one ignorant, depraved, and stunted child. Judges, counsel, attorneys, clerks, aud witnesses ewere engaged an hour or more while the charge of felony was made out g,ainst the miserable little creature, 'who had forially pleaded " Not "Guilty," and would be presently asked what he had to say why he should not receive judgment according to law. How deficient and inapplicable the sentence would be every one knew. The boy could hardly be called a fit object for punishment in the sen'e of retribution. What notion had he of miorality or law ? Born in a cellar, brought up by: a burglar or footpad father and a mother drunken or worse, crime had been his only notion of an occupation. IHe had looked to stealing as his natural maintenance, and his highest conception of an exploit was a skilful evasion of the police. Yet till lately there was nothing but to sentence him according to act of Parliament. Great latitude is allowed to Judges, and it is unnecessary to say that the Court could not pass a severe sentence on a child; the prisoner had his one month's or three months' imprisonment, and there was an end of the matter. But all accustomed to the bulsiness knew what must be the result. The boywould go ito prison bad and come out worse, or at least in a worse position. The brand of felony would be on him. He would have graduated in crime and become permanently a membmr of the outcast class which lives by depredations. in a short time he would be in court again. A formei conviction would be put in, and the Judge, with some severe remarks,: would sentence him to six orl12 months of confinement. Released, ho would be at his old work again, til, in early manhood, his career was closed by the hulks, the penal colony, or the gallows. It was impossible to alow this to go on without' some attempt at a cure. Three years since transportation was partially abolished, and prison discipline at home substituted as a punishment. To relieve the gaols, rather than from any higher motive, it was determined to grant freedom to convicts long before the full terin of their sentences had been accomplished. But, in order to avoid the evils which the presence of released felons causes in other countries, it was necessary to try some scheme of reformation for both youmg and adults. For the latter the period of imprisonlment is alone available, but children might be legitimately placed under tutelage, even without the commission of an offence. Every parent has a right to send his son to a school or to bind him apprentice, and the State might fairly exercise this power when it was neglected by the natural guardians. So the Legislature at length determined to interfere. By the law as it stands now magistrates may send boys not exceeding 16 years of age to reformatories for a period not longer than five years. The Stato grants weekly 5s. for the support of each, and endeavours to recover the sum from the parents of the child. These may be summoned and compelled to pay, if able, and, so far as the law has been calried into effect, it is found that a very large proportion of the parents are able, and will on compulsion pay the sums demanded. The Goverrnent, besides, girants assistance to those who are willing to establish these reforwmatories, though it originates none itself. However, many counties and large towns have joined in the movemaent. Afeetings have been held for the establishment of reformatories in all parts of England. At this conjuncture the necessity of union and organization is felt. Any practice which is successful in one place should at once be made known generally, and, similarly, the errors of each should be communicated to all. In short, it is required that there should be action in concert, and so the friends of the movement have established their National Reformatory Union. In the words of the Chairman, its object is " to render the law " practically available." The question now is, to what fundamental principles the members of the Union shall adhere? It seems quite settled that for the present all efforts shall be directed to the refornming of juvenile crinminals, and that adults shall be left to the influences of punishment as it is now awarded. The scheme of the Union will be based on the law which permits the placing of children under 16 in reformatories. Another subject of discussion is whether the society shall limit itself to the care of children who have actually been convicted of crime. It is evident that the principle adopted, if carried out to its full extent, would sanction the placing of all vagrant and neglected children under proper care. If the parent's rights may be interfered with when his child has committed a crime, they ought not, it is argued, to be scrupulously respected when the boy or girl is, though not a legal misdemeanant, still known to be growing up in ignorance and immorality, -which must in the end lead to a breach of the law. The question of industrial schools for vagrant children is one of great importance, and will no doubt receive public attention in due time, but for the present the Union, wivsely we thinlk, has resolved to confine itself to the case of children convicted of crime. The questifon, what constitutes neglect, and how far the State has the right to take charge of every child that is dirty or untaught; is a very large one, requiring much discussion. It would be very 'difficult to say how far the children among our labouring classes might not thus be brought under public supervision. But the conviction of a child for crime is a palpable fact. By it the parent is shown to be unable or unwilling to exercise moral control over his child, unless we suppose that in part.cular instances' natural depravity overcomes-the. influences of honest parents. In any case the child is a fit subject for reformatory discipl'ie, and the parent has no cause for complaint when- the youngoffender is taken from his charge. The discipline of the reformatory, though strict, shonli have nothing penal in its character. The residence at such a place ought not. to be looked, upon by the child with hatred aud aveniion. This no doubt will be wrell arran~ged>' for t;he country has enough devoted men and -women to work the scheme with wisdom and kindness of heart. But' the great problem is to dispose of the inmates when they have been two or three years in the reformatory, are able to read, write, and cipher, and fit to earn their living by honest labour. It is indeed a difficulty to provide for such a cdass without doing indirect injustice -to the children of the honest poor. If the reformed offender is: to be aidea by public and private philanthropy, has not the child of the artian or peasant a right to complain that no one befriends him, because he has labouied to be honest? But we vwil not make, too much of this difflcult5; No work would ever be begun if every pomsible objection had to be discussed and removed beforehand. Often when the time comes these difficulties remove themselves. We cannot but believe that with the Government, the public, and the inhabitants of the colonies all ready to do their best, these 2,000 or 3,000 youths may be disposed of yearly. In the meantime let the experiment be tried. Tlle principles of the scheme~ 3eeM to have beeajouuffi 1aid down,I and if the execution: correspond. there is no reason to dad falure. _ _
The composition of the Church Estates Commission certainly, demands very 'serious attention. This Board exerts the principalpowers of the Ecclesiastical Copunission; it deals with the lessees of Church property, carries on negotiations with. Deans and Chapters-and Bishops, and is virtually the Ecclesiastical Commission. It stands, moreover, in the very important pcsition of landl6rd to all the enfranchised Church estates, which comprise now about 24,000 acres. This Board consists of two Commissioners nominated by the CRowN, and ore by the Archbishop- of CAsvrEaY; of which three officials two are paid, and the third not. The Chief Commissioner, appointed by the CtowN. has a salary of 1,2001. a-year,--the: Archbishops nominee a salary of 1,0001. a-year. -A Board with such important and daily growing functions, and intrusted with such large national interests, ought certainly to exhibit the first business-like -talent. Its composition should be such as to command the confidence of the Church and nation. But, on looking to the, present composition of this Board, we cannot pronounce it altogrether ecqual to its important position and functions. Lord CHicBmsE is, we believe, an amiable noblenman of average talents, fully equal to the ordinary duties- of his place in society, and to the management of his own property, but we have never heard anything, of him which would lead us to single him out for the chief management of an important field of public business. MIr. Jona GEonGon L}WavE is an unpaid Commissioner, and, though a very able man of business, tne public have no right to expect any extraordinary exertions from him on this commission, especiauly as no public man is burdened with an equal amount of uDnaid employmenit. In Mr. GouLsua.EL the lat,e,- and in YMr. WALPOlE the present Archbishop's Commissioner, we doubtless have had, and have, an able man and one admirably fitted for the office. One efective Comniissioner then appears, upon examination, to constitute substantially the. Church Estates Board, and to wield virtually the whole powers of the Ecclesiastical Commission. It was said, we believe, that MTr. GouL-Du:N did everything at this Board, and br. WALroLa has, not improbably, succeeded to this monopoly. Now, the " Select Committee on the Ecc3esias( tical Commission," whose report we have been considering lately, proposes to render effective the third unpaid member of the Church Estates Commission by paying him a salary, like the other two. This is a step undoubtedly towards putting the Church Estates Commission on a more effective basis. One unpaid Commissioner acting with two paid ones is, of course, an absurdity; he does nothing, and leaves all the w6rk to his paid colleagues. But this is not enough to put the Church Estates Board on its proper footing. With its great and increasing field of important business this Board ought to rank higher as a public office than it does, and ought to be considered to afford a position for able men, and employment enough to occupy something mbre than a fragment of their time. It ought to be regarded as an office which is to occupy the Commissioners' main time and thought, as other important public offices do. We have stated our conviction more than once lately, that the principle of fixed incomes in the case of the Bishops and higher cler-gy has been so long the professed aim of our legislation that it cannot now be dropped; and that if this principle is maintained it must carry with it sooner or later as its result the transference of the estates from the management of the Bishops and Chapters to that of a Board acting under the Ecclesiastical Commission. :Now, we observe a desire at the present time to suppress and negative this consequence, on the ground of the inadequacy of the Churchl Estates Board bo carry it out. " You are overwhelming this Board," it is said; " you are giving theni more work than "they can possibly do. How can one Board " manage all the episcopal and capitular pro" perty ?" This is substantially the argument of the select committee, though it only professes to apply the reason temporarily. " Your committee are of opinion that considerable inconvenience "might be occasioned by a suddena transfer of the "whole of the estates of the ecclesiastical " corporations to be managed by *the pre" sent Estates Committee." The inadequacy, then. of the Church Estates Board for the management of Chureh estates is the reason alleged for suppressing this consequence of aU our legislation of the last twenty years-i. e., for letting the estates remain in the episcopal and capitular hands. But it is obvious that this is a reason which can only properly last so long as we choose to keep an inadequate Board. The Board is at present weak, but strengthen it, raise its rank, and make it a post for three reaUy efficient men to hold, and it will no longer be unequal to the management of that vast property which the legislation of the country is naturaDy bringing into its hands. This is, we are persuaded, under existing circumstances, the true policy even of the Church herself. The principle of fixed incomes has been, whether rightly or wrongly, so thoroughly adopted by the country now, that any attempt to tamper with it by combining it with the proprietorship of land can end in nothing but constantly recurring scandals, such as those we have already seen, of Church dignitaries professing to have a certain fixed income, and reaUy having much more. The Church wouild be consulting its real interest much better by accepting the Estates Commission, and endeavouring to get it on a fair basis as regards itself, than by standing out for a scattered episcopal and capitular proprietorship. There is an idea in many minds that a public Board must necessarily be inimical to the interests of the Church, and they connect al central manag,ement with alienation, as -if they were virtually one and tfl, same thing. But the aioimus of the Ecclesiastical Commission never has been an alienating one; it has always professed to be a trusteeship for the interests of the Church. The question is, how can Cnurch property bh best managed so 'as to consult its improvement, and so provide for the immense increasing'needs'of the.Church herself I That is the question, and the answer of the - country has been 'that a 'public Boa'rd would' do this best. Accordingly, there has been an Ecclesiastical Commission, and an Estates Commission under it. But this commission is as much bound by its very constitution to friendlinesstoi'the Churchas:any Bishop or Chapter is. It is a Church body.' There is no kind of reason why its feelings should not be the very best toward the Church, and why its whole poicy and -action :should not be a strictly ecclesiastical one. Will any one, for example, suspect MIr. WVALrOLE of anti-church feeling ? Why, if MIr. WAiroauE wo-e an archbishop, the Church could not have a surer friend. Indeed, it is notorious at the present day that our laymen are very often much more zealous -Churchmen than our Bishops. W With the whole current, then, of modern thought and legislation and the wnolegenius of the age bearing steadily in one directionthat of a central management of Church property, it does appear to be the policy of the Church rather to get itself well represented at this centre than vainly to struggle against it" Let the Church, by proper-representations, endeavour toprocure a fair composition 'and working of this eommission. lIet it put forward its able laymen, when it has them, for- the office The probability -is,that our Goverments- csteris paribtws, prefer such peronsa as will pou the confidence of the Church itself. And we are much zMistakenif a commiinun so constituted will not be quite as friendly -iothe 0Church, and as consmientiously annious to consult her interests andexpand her machinery, as any Bishop or Chapter. Let the Church, then, get its really able men of business appointed, if it can.; that is quite fair; but do not let it try to patch up an old system of Church property management, when it is really gone by, and thereby get itself and its ditaries into scrapes.
It requires but a slight portion of common sense to understand how important an ingredient of medical success the purity of drugs must be. Drugs are the executive of. the medical min,s an therefore -with bad or inefficient drugs he acts l-e a paralyzed man, whose limbs refuse to obey him. The physician -may have 'the most exact idea.-in his own head of the amount of drug-power w.hich he wants to apply to the patient's disease; but, if his drug deceives him, and contains less of this virtue than it professes to do, and perhaps even that injured by some foreign admixture, his whole estimate, is affected, and the process becomes a piece of guesswork. As Mr. BEri says before the Committee on Adulterations, " The m ischief of "defective medicines is not always immediate. It "frequently happens that a person, from taLing "a defective drug,' increases the dose in order to "produce the desired effect. Then, upon taking " the same prescription to be made up, when the "genuine drug is used the person is almost "poisoned." It is therefore with much concer we learn from the evidence given befofe the Committee on Adulteration that the adulteration of drugs, though considerably reduced of late ysas, still goes on to a large amount. Nor is this concern lessened when we hear that the commonest aud the most powerful drugs are both subject to this adulteration. There must be nuaberless critical cases of disease in which the correctness of the strength of an opiate must make all the difference of life and death; yet we are told that 19 out of every 24 samples of opium are adulterated; and even Mr. DREnw, a wholesale druggist, who comes forward to qualify the evidence of former witnesses, admits that one-half is adulterated. Scammony is pronounced 'to be 'universally mixed -with chalk. The Americans, however, if it is any consolation to us, are said to be worse off than we are, so that " Good enough for, Ame" rica" has become a proverb with drug-exporters. A report from the Inspector of Drugs at, New York gives a list of forty imported drugs, with the amount of each-in many cases from 40,0001. to 60,0001.,-which were condemned for adulteration at the New tork Custom-house. This adulteration is to be attributed, according to 4xr. BELL, to two principal joint causes-the excessive desire for cheap drugs on the part of the buyer, and fraud in the seUer. These two causes, he thinks, vwork together, and mutually assist each other. A large portion of the public is determined to have cheap medicines, while, -with the carelessness of persons who do not follow up facts and examine what is necessarily implied in them,, they do not think that what costs less wil be worth less. A man is so pleased with getting his article for a few pence less than another would have cost that he forgets the necessary drawback which there is in the inferiority of the article. Ile knows he is a gainer in money, and as for the article purchased he says to himself, " It is a hundred to one that it is just as good " as if I had given more for it." This mode of reckoning goes on more or less in all buying, but it is especially tempting in an occult and mysterious department, such as that of medicine. Other articles of purchase often exhibit a reason for their higher or lower price, in their better or worse look; but one pill looks just like anotfher, not to mention that a vast number of simple people have not really the slightest idea of what medicines are, or how they operate. They have a general mysterious notion that medicine is medicine, and that it produces its effect because it is medicine, to the entire superseding of the fact that a medicinal drug is a natural substance of some kind or other, which is capable of being bad or good of its kind, just as fruit or meat. But, while this mode of reckoning is most followed in mecical purchases, these happen, unfortunately, to be just the purchases to which it least applies. A man may buy as substantially good a table or chair or bedstead for a less price as for a greater one, because the difference of the price may be represented by more elaborate ornament, not by more solid workmanship; but, as nobody carves jalap or inlays rhubarb, there is nothing in which one drug can excel another but in strength and purity. It need not be said how this desire for cheap medicines encourages fraud in the chymist, making him an adulterator in the frst instance to get his proper price, and in the next to get more. The adulteration of our drugs is not to be laid exclusively at the door either of our drug-grinders or our chymists. They come into the country adulterated,-so much so that, according to 3Ir. DExw, an imported drug is known as a matter of course to be =n impure one. "'Lord . Hmilwton.-Is it not the case that a great nnm. ber of the articles that come to you, as a wholesale dru_gist, from abroad, come in a Ye-y impue state ?-They do. "It hence arises, when you import an article, you. know that yo:X only have an adulterated and impure article; so that, corumercially, an article is known to he an article not thoroughiy pure 7-.e3." The remedies suggested for this great evil are an exami aation at the Custom-house and a system of licenfing, the former being recommended by severai vwitnesses, and the latter by all. The Americans, as the only way of meeting the abominable deterniination of the rest of the world io palm impure drugs upon them, were -driven to try a Customs' examination of- all imported drugs,, condutcted by Government chymical . officials. -This expedient is said to have partially succeeded, though different ports conduct the examinatoio with different degrees of .strictness, so that a cairgo of drugs rejected at New York has been said to pasS through at Boston. On the whole, however,- the plan is asserted to have work-ed well, and the evidence before the- comniitteb is, as a whole, in favolur of our trying it.; theobjection,where entertained, arising-rather from -the difficultyof constmect ing. an efficient machinery for the purpose than ! from a doubt of the celect it, would produce when it was provided. For some system of licensiug chyminsts there is unanimous authority; and the sad details of the case at Bolton, which we publish elsewhere, furish, additional proof of the occasional ignorance of chymists.. A license given upon 'an adequate examination by a suitable Board would secure an improvement in the chymist's professional lnowledge, and this would give him a greater power of de-tin adulteratibn in-thb drugs, sent him for purchase. At present he is half deceiving:and. half deceived. Wtith an Anailytical Board appointed by Government to test imported drugs, ai license to Becure muore competence in- the chyrist, and a penalty upon the adulteration of, drugs, -another step which .imost- of- the evidence favours,-the public would have a miuoh improved security against this evil; -while at the--same time it-is satisfactory to notice that, even prenous to all legislative change, the work. of jreforo has beguu from within, in the nimproved charaatp and public spirit of the chyniical profession itself.
:THE FIVNBULAR M (BY ELCT RI- TEI.GNpgA SO'UTffAXMN4l SUNqDAYW MiGnr.Z By the Peninsular xnd Oriental Cmpan's Ieaensh, p r Tagus, CapWin Chnistjsn, we have datv froin GibsoAar 16th; Cadiz, 17th; I;abon, 19th; OpWe*, 2Dth; a& V-0p 21st inst. The Tagus brip 29 pJnga,9 4i5 bxis,io . oranges a cargo of frit, and a xma; qva df t peois. .' Accounts from Gibraa state that Priaee WmiUi7 Ad&lbert of P i&a Wa rapidly iproig. The wonndjU ; oicers and me3n were in a favourabl, way to ZOODVG;;i Exchange on Dondon at 90 days wa quot 51i. S*nj5pilLared dollars, Sper eent. premium. Her MajefftYs steners Cyclop and, ev uiuxieft Gibrajl tar on the 16th. Her ajety2 hip-Isenr arived ozn th same.day. The French stammers of -war Prinoe Jerono = and Magellan, wore at Lisbon on the l9th. . Bills on London continued sae upon he li'sbon Ei.' change, andl the transactions were consequently triing at 54 for three montas. Bills on Parui were quoted 5.28; A:nsterdam, 40%; Hansiburgh, 48; and Genoa, 5 to 6 2; Portuguese Three per Cents. -were again looking up, and the demand appea , ' greater thau the supply at 45 to 45k; BankofRortugal Shares, 495 to 497 nllhries each; and Oporto Bank Stoch,18 to20 per cont. premiuo . The foUowing is e d from our Lisbon letter of ther,y 19th- - !'I am happy to say several Sundays and.holydays have now gone by without *ny renewlr of the bread riots, although the bakers still keep away from the corn-market,' - busineM maust, therefore resme its usual cours as theS stoclc of flour in the hands of millers and lraers is nearly exiauted. Among other classes confidence ha fullye.-' -ived, and no one feas A repetitio', of the riots, now that &he authorities have sboown themselves resolved to put them down. Cases of cholas have grfetly decreased, here, ana accounts from Madeirs, of the 14t are also more encouraging. -At Cintra several cases have appeared, and three deaths are] reported amon the th al servants at the palace where the sing is residing. 1Vothing par. ticur has yet reulted from the police examination of the late riots. Twelve of the artillerymen are to-be tried by a conrt-martial on account of the occurrences at Pelem."
COUBT CIRCULARa s 1UOSBGI AG. 24. His Royal Highnes the Dulke of Camibridge left Osborne' yesterday morning for London. or-G en eral Breton, commanding the Sonth-Westem District, arrived on vist to Eer Majesty on Friday, and eturned to 1'ortsrnouth yesterday The Queen ana Pfmnce, with the Prince of Wale3 and Prince Arthur, landed at Browndown, near Gosport, yesterday afternoon, when Her Majesty inspected the two b^t talions of the British GermanLegion, encamped there. Earl and Countess Vane, Bnd Colonel the on. C. B. anc Mrs. Phipps had tbe honour of dining with the Queenin the evening. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester has been indisposed, but was better yesterday. Eis Royal Highness the Dnlue of Cambridage arrived at his residence in St. James6s Palace on Saturday afternoon from Osborne. Despatches for the Governor of the Cape of Good Hone and for the Governors of the Settlements on the West Coast of Africa, were sent on Saturday from the Colonialoffice.
THE COuuT.-The Queen wiHll leave the Isle of Wight for London immedcately after the celebration of Prince Albert's birthday on the 26tb, which the Court has hitherto kept at Osborne-house. Instead of leaving London for Scotland on Wednesday morning nexct Hr ISIjesty will remain in London all Wed. nesday, when she will receive Count Creptowich, who has been at the Russian Embassy some days, and other Foreign Ministers, anLd will transact al business of inipoitance previous to her departure for the north. The Royal party will leave London on Thursday mornin" the 28th of August, by the GreatNorthern Eail:way, ar, ' 2I stop that nlight at the Palace of Holyrood. The Earl of Clarendon, will be the Secretary of State in attendance upon the Qaeen.-Oiscs-vr. THse stw LOPD Burvg.-The Right }Hon. Edward Strutt, whose elevation to the peerage as Lcrd Belper our columns announced on Saturday last, is the only son of the late 3Mr. William Stratt, a manufacturer, of St. Helen's-honse, Derby, by Barbara, daughter of Thomas Evans, Esq., of the same place. He was born in 1801, and having received his early education at a grammar-school in one of the midland counties, went up to Trinity College, Cambridge, inlS19, and grduated there in 1823. Soon after this he entered iDto active business as a cotton manufacturer in his native town. The respect which his father had earned was maintained by the honesty and integrity of the son, who was invited by his fellow-townsmen, in 1830 to represent the borough in. the Liberal interest. P.eturned to Parliament, he made no startling, sudden, or brilliant display, but gradually earned the character of a man of busiiress, of common sense, and of sterling worLh. Ho was a: member of St. Stephen's for nearly 16 years beforeplacewasoffered him. In1S45 he was sworniamen ber of the Privy Conncil; bht it was only in September, 1846, that ho accepted the post of Chief Commissioner of Railways, and in this Capacity he was busily engaged, in conjunction with Lord Dalhousie, in CariDg out plans for placing the existing lines of railroad under Government inspection. This post he resigned in March, 1848. He was elected for Derby at every general election from 1S30 -until 1847, when, though returned to Parliament by a majority, he was unseated on petition, and remained out of Parliament until July, 1851, when he was returned for Arundel in the place of the present Dnl-e of Norfolk, then Earl of Arandel and Surrey, who had accepted the Chiltem Hundreds. At the general election of 1852 he was returned, in conjunction with M1r. John Walter, as sLP. for Nottingham, near vhich place he owns a seat called' Xingston-halL On the downfall of Lord Derby's Ministry. in December, 1852, Lord Aberdeen selected Mr. Stratt as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, an honounrable sine., cure, which he continued to hold till June, 18M, vwhen, in order to facilitate a new disposition of places among the members of the Cabinet, and more especislly to make room for Lord John Russell, he was ejected from his position in a rather summary manner, and superseded byLord Granville. 31r. Strntt is, or at all events was, a Reformer of the advanced school, his political creed as a member of the House of Commons being summed upinafewwords, as "in favour of the ballot, short Parliaments, and civil and religions liberty." In 1837 he married Emy, daughter of tha late Bishop Otter, of Chiches'ter, by whom he has a family of thee sons. The title of Lord Belper has been chosen by 31r. Strntt, on account of his family connexion with that place, to the manufacturing prosperityof which his uncle, the late Mr. JedediahStratt contributed so largely. It may be remembered that in the retiring address which he issued to his constituents in July last, on accepting the Chiltern Hundreds, Lord Belper alluded to his own position as being still a manufacturer, .thus identifying himself stil with the order from which he is sprung. "The name, style, and title," which his Lordschip has chosen, is almnost bettet imonor upon the continent than in this country, for there is scarcely a woman who plies her lcnitting.needle in the towns and villazgesof Germany but makes use of materials on the v-rapper oE which the name of Belper is printed in large characters. COLONEL PtOy R ERT, M.P., C.B.-O-0 Saturday a public demonstration, in honour of the late Quartermaster-General in the Crimea, took place at Ludlow, when a magnificent sword of the value of 130 guineas was presented to him. At 2 o'clock the Mayor and corporation, attendedl by nearly all the townspeople, walked inr urooesion to theo limits of the borough on the Corve-road, leading to Oaikley-perk;, the residence of the Hon. R. WV. Clive, MW.P., at which plce Colonel Herbert was staying on a visit, The municipal authorities there awaited the arrival of the hero of the day, who shortly afterwards appeared, attendedby various members of his family, and the tenautry of the Walcot. and. Oakley-park estates on horseback. Colonel Herbert, who appeared in full uniform, wore his Crimean medals, andarode the white-faced charger which had borne him throughout the entire campaign. At the banquet which followed, the Mzyor (Mr. Valentine) read a congratulatory addre.ss and presented to the oDlonel the sword, -which was a splendid wpon, ind bore on it the words "Alna," "Blalava," Ikerusazn," "Sebastop64, and An inscription to tbe effect that the sword -was presented to Colonel Herbert by the inhabitants of Ludlow as a mlark of their approval of his conduct during the late war. Colone Herbert replied in a lengthy speech a considerable portion of which was devoted to answering the aspersions which had ben cast upon the late Lord Raglan by those whom the colonel stigmstized as "grimblers of the 'camp." A letter -wah Iread.fromr Sir D). L Evans, excusing himself from attending theproceedc. ings, an3 ed g thi e highest oo!ngpmente to Colonel Herberts sll and ourag. Aer te -bnquat the company adjourned to the Aasembly-rooms, where a public ball con:clded. the feetivities of the day. TEE ODEWR OF THE. BiH.-It will,be in the recollection of our readers that, in the GaczeUt of July 10, 1855, certan officers were named who woula havebeenrecommended to Her Majesty for -the honours of the first, second, and third -clauses of the Bath, had they survived. For the first claseof the Bath the Ilmented Sir George Cathcact was the only offioer so deignated; but for the second clas the list, omprised the names of Beer-Admrail Lowry Corry, earAdmiral . Boxer, Major-General EsoUrt, ad Brigadiers-General Straneways, Adams, and TyIden. We -uderstand that, in consderation of the servicei of these offioers, the Queen has been p ased to direct that their widows shall be permitted to asume thes sme style and title s they would have enjoyed had their husbands lived to anme lhe dignity of eni-ht Commanders of the Bath, which it wa Her l jesWs intention to confer upon theae-Ob6esr. R MA2 NMOm0'urs IN Sr. P.cted 's CATHEDRAn , -Acenotaph has just been erected in S. Pa's,intbe aisle on the right hand of the great weai eitramce, to the mnemoryof the following eight offiera of the Coldstroma Guards who fell at the Battle of Inkurmann:-LiertenautColonel the Hon. Vesey Dawson, I ieuteaat-;oIol T. C. Murray Cowell, Captain L D. M Sckhnc Captain the Hon. G. C. C. Elliot, Captain H. IL Bouveme, Captain F. H. Ramsden, Lieutenant E. Adiabrowee, andlaieaenant C.- H. Grevlle. The monuimeut ecosita of a entablature on which the names are inscribed, and above it a small repre-. sentationof the tomb, with its simple baet, which cover the bodies on Cahcart's-hill in the Crimea. - On eahside ofthleseis thre eigy of;a sold;er of terimest leaning mournfully over them. Above are the words hand the victory that day 's-as turned into mourning.". The cinri -. tion Is from the pen of the Dea-n of St. Paul's The 'woYe is surmounted by the colours of the reginent, preeented by the surviving offirers.
DBEAT OF THE HON. S[R W. TEMPLE, A.C.B. We regret to annunvce tho death of tho Hon. Sir W. Temple, brother of Vmount Palmerston, and late Lnister Plenipotentiary a' the Courb of Naples. The melancholy event took place at 9 o'clock a.xn. yesterday, at his tern porary residence ia Dover-street, Piccadilly. To say that Sir Wilianm's death was sudden would be scarcely true, for vwhen be left his diplomatic post at the close of the past month his health was in a very precarioas state, and since his arrival in London, a fortnight back, from Naples, no perceptible change had taL-en place. On Thursday evening last he was able to take his accustomed carriage drive, and was able to receive a visit from Ledy Palmerston on Saturday afternoon, previous to her leaving town for Brocket-ball, and late in the evening Viaco-unt Palmerston also calUed on him, and remained until an advancedhour. Until half an. hour before his death, at the hour before named, the deeoased was in ful possession of all his faculties, and then expired in perfect calmness, without the leastapparent pain. Viscount Palmerston was immediately apprised of the mo-urnful news, and instentiy. aftervwads repaired to his brother's lodgings The deceased, the Hon. ;Sir William Temple, was scond son of Henry, second Viscount Palmerston, by Mur, only daughter of Mr. Benjamin: Mee. He was born the l9th of January, 1788. He was unmarnied. He was brought up to the diplomatic service, and was first attached to the embassy at the Hague in 1814. The deceased, in September the same year, weit in an official capacity. to the Congress of Vienra, and shortly afterwards was appointed Seeary of Legation *at Stockholm. He filled the same posi. tion at Frankfort from July, 1817, until November, 1823, when he went as Secretary of Legation to Berlin. In January, 1828, he was appointed Secretary of Embay to St. Petersburg, and afterwards was precis writer to his brother, Viscount Palmerston, from January, 1831, to Soeptember, 832. On the 18th of that month, in the same year, he wa appointed Minizter to the CGurt of Dresden, and in the following November Envoy Extraordinazy and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of Naple3, the duties of which high office hle discharged up to the bLatweek of the past month, when ill health. compelled hiin to rslnquish his diplomatic fianctions and retarn to Mis Ave country. His departure from Naples Was universally regretted. mor esecially asit wa,s feared hig shattered conu shtintion would not permit his return. Sir Williama Temple was noinwasted aCivil Euight Gnand Cross of the Bath in March, 18a2, for his dlplomatio services.
[ ALITABY AND N AVALINtBLLI6tyNE.- The follawingcircar, froifi the Depnrtumet.oftheDirector-Generl of cIothing,- has been forrarded- Id l-the officers commanding regiments and depots by order of the, Secretry of State for War;- ' "With reference to circular dated 'Army Clothing DcpArtentt, Feb. 1,-1856,' and ciroular dated 'May 24, 1856,' respecting contingent aecount3 rclating to clothing, I am diected by the Secretary of State for War to desire you will attend to the following instructions of the subject:-1st. Quartermasters' contingent accounts are to be sent in every six months, and not quarterly, as prescribed in the above circulars, 2d. The perod for sending in the contingent accounta will be the 3 of Mlarch and the 30th of Septem. br of-each year. Those forwarded onthe 3lst of archmaust be accominied by the nominalrolL 3d. Inthe present year, 1856, such regiments ss have forwarded contingent ac-counts to.the 30th of June need not sendin anymore till the 31st of March, 1857, after which time they are to comply. with paragraphs l and 2 of this circular. Suh regiments as have not senit in contingent accounts to the o0th of June areto delaythemuntilthe3fth of September;whentheymust send them, according to paragraph 2 of this circular. 4th. Contingent accounts are to be a debtor and creditor account, in which all sums expended on account of clothing only. re to be charged, excluding charges relating to accoutrements, and all sums recovered from the men by the sale of clothing. or stoppages on account of clothing, areto be credited. 5th. Estimates for advances of money areo to be sent in quarterly, as heretofore, to enable the paymaster to meet contingent clothing expenses as they arrive. ' T. xnounnmuSBI , Director-General." On Saturday evening a draught of 'the Royal Marine rtillery, consisting ofione sergeant, one bombardier, and 15 gunners, usider the command of First Lieutenant B. Woollcombe, arrived at Chatham froiii Portsmouth, for the purpc3e of iwining Her -Majesty's steam-frigate Retribution, 28, Captain T. Eisher. The abovo detachment, together with one sergeant, one corporal, and 28 privates of the Royal Marines Light Infantry company, Chatham division, all under the command of LieutenantWoollcombe, will embark to-day. Captain W. Mosse, commanding the depOt of the 26th Cameronians, at the Provisional battalion, Chatham, having heen appointed instructor of musketry to that regiment. has received orders from the War-ofnee to proceed to Bermuda to join the headquarters of his corps, for the purpose of carrving out the orders of the authorities at the Horse Guards in instructing the officers and men of the 26th in tlihe use of the Enfield rifle, the whole of that regiment having been supplied with that description of weapon. An order has-been received at Chatham garrison from the War-offiee, directing the detachments of the 43d Light Infantry, and the ~4th (York and Lancaster) Regiments to hold themselves in readiness to embark for Madras, for'the purposo of joining the head-quarters in India. The detach- xments are expectedto embark at Gravesend on the 10th of' September. I Assistant-Commissary Thurston Coluins, of the Field Train, Turkish Contingent, is orderea to be attached to the Provisional Battalion, Chatham. At the afternoon parade of the troops belonging to the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, on Saturday Last a good conduct medal and a gratuity of 15. was presented to Sergeant Samuel Macdonald, 78th Mighlanders, awarded by his Royal Highness the Comrmander-in-Chief, for good coin duct and long and meritorious service, particularly during the period in which he served with his corps in India. The money grattity will be deposited in the savings-bank mu Sergeaut Macdonald's name, and on his discharge from the service will be presented to him, with the interest accruing thereon, 'A detachment of the Royal Marino Light Infantry, nunsbering 38 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Portsmouth division, three men of theChatham division, and oies of the Plymouth division, under tho com,mand of First. Lieutenant G. Gill, arrived at Chatham on Saturday from te Retribution, 28, on that stem vessel being paid off. The detachment blonging to the Portsmouth division were ordered to proceed by railway to join the head-quarters. Onx Saturday morning a detachment of 80 non-conimlssioned officers and men belonging to the 4th Royal Irish Dragoons, 4th Foot, 18th Royal Irish, 50th Queen's Ornm, 55th, 57th, 63rd, 68th Light Infantry, 75th, 88th Connaught Rangers, and a draught of the Land Transport Corps, left the invalid depot of St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham, for Fort Pitt, where they were medically inspected by Dr. 3. R. Taylor, C.B., and the medical staff, to ascertain their fitnoss for further service, the whole of the men having been invallded home from the Crimea. HIer Majestys steam troopship Simoom, Captain Thomas Ross Sunvan, arrived at Spithead on Saturday morning from. the Crimea with the following officers and troops :-Lieu. teat-Colonel Erakine, Captain the Hon. B. ML Ward, Lieutenant 1'Kay, Staff-Surgeon Mandeville, Asistant. Surgeon Wright, Captain and Paymaster Toiau, all of the Staff; Mrs. ErSkine, 31rs M'Kay, two Misses Nolan, and two Masters Nolan; Captain Killeen and Lieutenant Hut. ton, of the 21st Regiment; Lientenant.Colonel Armstrong, Captain Oakley, and Ensign Gilson, of the 49th; Captains Tolcher and Bassett, Lieutenant Husldsson, and Ensign Swinhoe, of the 56th;'Captain Maitland and Ensiga M'Gvnre, of the 79th; Captain Bazalgette and Ensign h¶'Mee, of the 98th; Captain Felice, Ensign Scanello, and laterpretor Rossip of the British Italian Legion; Mr. Perci. v,1, cv;il paymaster's clerk; 716 rank and file of various regients, 6 women, U children, and 2 horses. The Simoom went into Portsmouth Harbour on Satur&dy afternoon to land her troops, &o. ThoCharity steaxm-transport, No. 140, Captain C.H. Sirell, arrived at Spithead on Saturday morning from the Crimea w%ith the following officers and troops :-Lieutenant-Colonel and Mr Dalzell and two children; Captain Worthng. ton and Lieutenant Collum, 28th Regiment ; Mir. Hornblow, of the 28th; Quartermaster Dredge, Grenadier Guards; Captains J. W. P. Orde, G. Fraser, and DI. lVPherson, 42d; Lieutenants Shuttleworth, 3. AL James, and Fraser, 42d; Captain Best, 72d; Ensigns Mackay, T. D. Stewart, and Butler, of the 72d; Assistant-Surgeon Parker, of the staff; Acting Assistant-Surgeon WMiell, ditto; Paymaster Bennett; Mr Burmester, threechildren, ard two servants; Miss BRlcher, 1O men of the 28th, 114 of the 72d, 242 of the 42d, 85 of the Italian Legion, and 6 women, The Charity arrived at Gibraltar at 7-30 a.m. on the 15th inst., and on the 16th, at 4-30 am., stated for Eng. land; from that date to her aridval she experienced heavy headwinds. The Austrian frligate Radetzky left Spithead on Saturday morning for the Thames, to refit her machinery. HIer Majestis steam-frigate Dauntless, 24, CaptainRyder, was taken into dock at Portsmouth on Saturday to refit. IHer Majestys steam troop-ship Urgent, Comnmander Phillips, was taken into the steam-basin at Portsmouth on Satuiday, for repairs to her machinery. The Gorgon steam-sloop, 6, Commander Towsey, arrived at Spithead on Friday evening from the westward, The Istamboul steam-transport, No. 90, went into portsmouth harbour on Friday night, and disembarked th'adepOts of, the 82d and 90th Regiments on Saturday evening. The Lizard steamvessel, Lieutenant Christopher, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday morning with supernume.aries, and left, on her return with others, in the afternoon. The Sardinian steam-transport, No. 244, arrived at Spit. bead on Saturday evening from the Crimea with stores. The Clyde steam-transport, No. 141, arrived at Spitheadon Saturday night from the eastwa HIer Majesty's steam-sloop Cyclops, 6, Mster Cormnmander Rees, arrived at Spithead yesterday moxning from the Crimea with a few troops and stores. The Sprightly steivessel, Mster Commander (1. Allen, Mrrived at Portsmouth yesterday from Plymouth with su. pernumeraries. The paddlEwheel stean yacht Osbornc, 2,; from Ireland, 'iWth the Lords of the Admiralty, ariived on Saturday ovening at Plymouth, where their Lordships commence their annual inspection to-day. The screw steamship Centurion, 80, Captain Edward G. :hnsbawe, steamed from Hamoaz6 into Plymouth Sound on nriday. The Camilla, 16, Commander G. Colvilte, is appointed to sail this dayfor the East Indies. The screw steamship Sheldrake, Captain Thomas Jarvis, l7hich has for the last, 12 months been employed in the Turhish transport service, arrived at Plymoruth on Saturday from the Cri3me. She left Constantinople, July 20; eznyrna, 29; Mat, August5; and Gibratar onthelSth 1Leutenant 0 'Kelly, 13th LIght Infantry, and Dr. Hire, oi the OsmaniIlregular Cavalry, came home in her. The Shel. drakeencountered very heavy gales In the BayofBiscayaid in the chops of the Channel. . The Glorism Eas India , Captain Toynbee, from l.ondon, with 400 lancs bound to Wadras, having com. pleted repairs, was, appointed to leavO Plymouth Sound yterday. * The steam transport Pacific (No. 8), Captain Hnrisn, arrived in the Hfersoy, on Saturday morning, from Kings.- tonm, having on board Captain Selby, Leutenants PerLing, and Bredon, Ensigns Baldwin, Sely,Warburton, on Potte, Blake, and Nugent, with 321 men, 32 women, and 66 children belonging to tho depot o6f the 89th Regiment of lFoot; also Captin Corban, Ileutenants E}astc, Coulson, andChaplin, Ensigs Wilis NM n, Alleyne, Donovan, Ioger-, Chinn, and Iakin, with *314 men, 62 womnen; and 9'childrenof the dep6t of the 49th Rement of Toot; SIAff4urgeonStorey in amedipal c4arge, The Piciflo left. again in the afternoon for Kingstown, with 31- offioers and 828 men of the 38th Peiement. She is expectd to, tutn tc-day with the dep6ts of the 30th and 55 Begiments, and Le willrt take back the 77th Regiment.. J The sailing tr-asports Courier and Clio have lee out tie whole of their targoes at Wowich pier, and Wre o Ssturday discharged the Government service. The freight ship John Barrow ailed on Sat=day WoM! Wool* ich-sit'ala full cargo of amniiunition .asd ordnzance |oresefor Haifax. T1i& cargo consist''f .M'Iiareis of powder, a qcj Atity of i6i aud ihell, aInd aimmer of guncriages,&o.' - . . The freight ship Billov is,to Fai oin slizoniay from Woolwich with ball cartridge' amannition for Corfa - ' The Plover, screw steam guanboat, Lieutenant-Cola mander-Keith Stewar, isto' pr6ceed from Sheene'ss on A trial trip' of her machinery to-morrow, anud'to leve for the ' East Indies on Wednesday next.-" Cofisiderabhe improva ments have beein made ia the' ventilation of the engine. room and betweein decls for. the accommodation of the officer3 and crew in consequence of- her intended destination. She carries her hesvy armamsent and howitrers with her on deck;.- The sailing trarsport Cosmo, Captain -Jaeques Wardell, has arrived at Woolwich pier vith artillery 'and hospital waggons, &c., from the Crimeas Captain Mackay's 6th company, 5th b3ttalion, Royal Artillery is under ord6rs to leave headquarters Woolwich at an early date for lrelarnd. The depOt ofl Her Majesty's 3d Regiment, the Bus, removed from Winchester in 3July to the Curragh encampment, have received orders to be in readiness'to proceed to Belfast ina3few days. ' - 'At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Ledbury it has bien determined to invite the following 'fcersconnected wfith that neighbourhood whoe distinguished themselves' before tho enemy in the late war to a public dinner on the 8th 'of September-vin,- Major R4obert 0. Bright, 19th RB3glmenti; Captain C. Muerray 'Aynsley, RN.; Captain' Charls Hopton., 23d Regiet; Captain G4orge Kemp Chatfield. 49th; L,ieutenar,t -Robert Biddulph, R.AX; lieutenant E dward Hiopton, 88th; and Assistant-Surgeon G. M. Sarrihee, 95th. The' 18th depOt have received orders to leave the Cnrrngh Camp on Tuesday next, for Birr there to be stationed. The depOts ofthe $fth,'6Sth,. 67th, and 76th Regiments are shortly expected at th& Curragh Camp,' there ' to he ' einporarlly station4d. The headquariters of the 94th Regiment, with- staff, colours, and heand, under 'the command of Colonel Denis, from Menagh, and three companies from B deiasnt,j arrived in the Curragh Camp. on Friday. The 4th (King's Own) Regiment arrived at Eingstown, per thne Pacific transport, at an eisrly hour on Friday morninXg, having left aAldrshott on. the previous day, where they ha've been lying since their return from the sext of war, about a month since. > The follovwing is the present st'rength o(the regiment .-Tbree field-omfcers,~7 c'aptains, 14 subalterns, 4staff 42 sergeants, 16 drummers, and 803 rank and file. The men were' conveyed to Dublin by special' trains, and immnediately mrched to Ship-street and the L,inen-hell barracks. -' .. The. depot of the 89th Rlegiment, lately stationed in Limerick, left Dulblin on Friday for England. Theymarched >&Qrm the 1 inen-hall barracks, where they lay the previous nigDht, to Westlandrow station at 1 o'clock,i and were conveied by special train toKingatown, v -here the Pacific was in waiting to ConVeJ themn to their destination. The depOt numbered 20 sergeants, 26 corporals, 11 dnmsumers, 264 men, 32S women, and 66 children. The depot of the 49th Regiment, comprising 20 sergeants, 4 drummers, and 290 men, arrived from Fermoy, and proceeded on Friday vwith the depot of the 89th in the Paoitic to E ngland. The medals displayed on the breasts of many of R;he men testified tothe honours WOn by this gaUXn corps in the recent campaign, and they leave Ireland amid expres. sions of respect from the people of al classes among whom they havse resided. Their future destination is DeaL.
THEB SRBWSBURY BARLDOM AND ESTATES. In proof of the serious intention of the Ingestr family to assert the claim of Ear Talbot to *th Earldom of Shbrwbury, it may be stated that on Monday last Viscount Ingestre, ill the name and on behalf of his father, who is of ossssin o th mnsin ad etats,alIegih~ that Lord Talboisth lega hei. Lor Ingst'eWas ifred that sion,andlhe wasaccordinglyrefosed admissionintothelouse| S hldis Lordship establis-h his claim, the aientailment by the late Earl would be nugatory, ana the valuable estates attachedtotheEarldomn in Staffordshire, Shropshire, ChesIre, Oxfordshire, and' Worcest-ershire, of the value-, of 35,OO"rea year as well as the high heonours connectedl with this raost ancint and distinguished,house, would become the iniheritance of the Talbots. Had the earldom been extinct, the Earl of D3rby would have been the Premier Earl of England, and the Earl of Cork-the Premier Earl of Irelana. The solictor refbrred to (9r. R. W. Hand; of Stafford) inserted in the Stafford county aper ot Saturday the -following notice to the tenantry of tiAte Earl of Shrewzabury Gentlemen,-The agents of the late Earl of Shrewsbury hav6 circulated among you a letteor, signed by Mr. Sergiant *Bellasis, one of the late Earl's trustees and executors, in -which it is stated, IThat his Lordship having executed a disentailing deed of the Shrewsbury estates, and. so placed them at his o-wn disposal, haas, by his will, devised them in trust for Lord Edward Bernard.wadthseodonf his Grace the 1)ukoof Norfolk.' "fThe 'Shrewsbury estates' by act of rarliament were Aunexed to the Earldom nof Shxewsbunry, andl entailed on the heirs male of the first Earl_of Shrewsbury, and by thb same act every person succeeding to the earidom is restrict-ed from alienating or disentailing tuhe estates. The late Earl of Shrewsb-ury had no pwer to disetail the estates amnexed to ther title by act of Parliament-. That entail could only be destroyed by another act of Plarliamaent, and none such has overbeenpased. y te nueros dethsof the Earls of Shrwehry nd he ailre f teirisse mle,Earl Talbot, eariom f Srewburyandtheesttesannexedl to it, and so son s Prlimen shal met is ordhipwill establish 'fitis y dty,on ehaf o Lod Tlbot, to warn all the of te death of the late EarL, I! Had I known the names and addresses of the tenants of the I Shrewsbury estates' I should not have adopted this public maode of giving themathe above notice."
RBVISION OP THE BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It appears to me that a middle course might be adopted between retaining the old version of our Bible and introducing a new one. There can be no donbt.-that our present New Testament version is extremely faulty, but it has'become so familiarized to every domestic hearth in the land, and so enshrined in the memory and affections of all that use it, that it seems almost a Pity to disturS it, espe. cdaly whon we consider that no transition we can evermake will reach perfection; besides that the inconvenience arsing from a change of version would .most probably far outbalance the advantage that might be expectsed to accrue from the improvements that would be snade. Other objections, especially applicable to the present position and feelings of our church, might be adduced to render it doubtful whether a new version could in the present day be made which would give anything like general satisfaction. I have long been of opinion that it would be desirable, while we retain the present authorized version, to improve the marginal annotation, so as to convey to the inslearned the fu3L sense of the original Greek, as well as the fruit of those eLaborate researches in Biblical criticism wbich have marked the present age. It would be an easy and simple matter to insert in the margin an improved translation of sach pass"ses as auear faulty, as well as to affix in brackets. those fanions reasngs which uayappearworthyof notice, deignating the-same ,with the numbers 1, 2, 3, to indicate resp6ctively their inferior (1), equal (2), or superior (3) authority to the received readings. Perhaps a very few decidedly erroneous Passages Inight be recastj notice of which shouldbegvmitrinh agn or the preface. e gie -ihrintemri ThnEafar, I think, we might with safety go, as this plan would combine the advantages without the drawbacks of a new version. You willperceive these remarks-are limited to the New Testament. 0t x BIBLICUS: Aug. 23.
A x ASSwDmA.-The fqllowing interesting particu- ing iew fortifications through theoi arianctd Ihoesijli'te riedmonts Government, are giveit byv a Tarin Journal7 "The spot where Alessandvria now stands was oc.cupiedino 1168 by a small town called Rovereto, situatedl near the two rives Tnaro anddBormida, Daring thew rs of the Gnuelhs and.Ghibellines, its strong position aitractel the attention of the lattar, -who suroanaed it in 1167 with iasud walLo andcalleditAlessandria. Fro t thec circ osaothatstraw was ixedwith mudto givoitnffcient Srmness, thae tphle gaveit the name of Alessandriadellaaglia wtd ich it retains to ths a.l In o14 P'rederiao 3arbarossa besieged it with fo d e army, but was obliged to raise theiege afterI it hi lasted seven months.r It was sub 1 ently beieeged, a9d changed Lands several times. In the Emperor, Frederic MI, took a-nd saked it. In 3278, t'he Marquis of 1onutferrat, governor of the h0ilanese, took possession of it, and surrunded it with brick- walls ancl towers In 1I4 the Spanish commandant, Cotde de oirrelIa; tured the watris of the Bormnids into tew earrt to increase its strength, and idi the following yea the forirews received eight ravelin, also surrounded. itharet ditches. Thep ptr sentr citadel was commienced in 1736, and,completed in 17I5. On the 12bh of October oEf the ame, yea.r Alessandria. capitulated, and was occupied by the 8panish troops, uderthe orders of the garq°uis ofi Caraval; this ws the last timeitwas taken after aslee mont7, tilh citadel oE' given np,to ttheFrench ;it wa b ocbAded by the Rusiainn rn17W9, and capitulxted onthe 1st of Tharmiidor of that year. Itwasagaita,kenposseaionofbytheYrech ial$00,afterthe menabrablo battle of hlarengo;G-enerals3hraeacatand Chasse. Ionprefortifieditatacot'of20,OOO,OoOOf.,andrenideredito ji of the strongestfortrsews in 'Eurolp ; but after the fall -of the fLrstEmi8re the Auste-ajm -destroyed the wihole of the works, The plan wbich is -now to be carried out consists of a bastoned body and four detached forts~, one situated on. thea Bormia, v. secnd oni th auaio,a~Zaa the other'twb toi the bist and south-eat' of' the -place TIhis fortress, 'withthe aid of Casale on one sicde and, GeAca, on the other, will enable a body of fibia 20,OOO.to 255,000 men to keep a mnuch larger army in. clheck- for-many months, =dtlthearATa1 of succour from othLer quartrer.
!HE ZPREHCH p0L127CZ lpzrEAs - 04 YIThX#- - -, -.1~--~' TO-FTB :EDIT1R OF THE Ez TIES . Si,r, In -Eeliruary 1855;- I relied &I tter thai wa signed as follows :-"F siliFf i 'pitil pribner, taF porteS inJune, -1848, andwhol has now been Working f4r 4i nonthas, 'Iike', many others anmong his f"d-su fftmc under a chain 401b. 'in weight, 'with itannon-ball it the end of it." -i Tn that lett-r, dated "St. Joseph, di of Dapair, Sei.. tember,184," the graluitous andaueardofactsof bariity were statew,hic,h are Lfficbd it eyenne Upon roenle-O longing to all clwsegof'society-,artis, tradesmen, worlmen, barrisrs, physicians, farmers, urnaEsts, s1holars-! theedmen baviigtb4nviolenuly driven outf thelrcounts not it consequenceof any law jungment, buti1oy the mere inipileof'oitical passions. I waszequestedto laybefore T.he civilized worldathe hertiending details, which I didas far as my power went; -* Since th3t period no change Whatever appears to hava taken placein the situation of thesef unfortuiate people, who are subjected to forced labour (trava=x forc4s) on a lonelyrock, surroundedby tlh6sea,at as distance of about X,000 miles from their nativp land., Six'imonths ago a second letter Was forwarded to me relating what follovs- "Every ship thlat odiseS from:tha pestilential shores of Cayenne brings the death of a new victim. The latest victim is Peret, some time majorofBeziers, a mostgeneroushearted man, feelingacutely, 'while ho wss rich,. t'hat many of his fellow-creatures vwere perishing of hlxngSr, and ready to re neither his fortune norl his life to the cause of humanity.- -aving been deported to Cayenne, vithoat trial for xesisting the ouzp dYtat of the 2d of December, he.1 attempted, with six fellow-prisoners, to escape from that' living tomb. They. put to sea at 1night in ;a boat., Two hours after they were driven on the rocks. Peret, entangled in: his cloak, was drowned. The-sii others 'sursvied. 'Bat what an eience ! ' For two days they lived on what shell. fish they 'conld find on s desolate rock 'in the midst of the ocean, that eatienea. every moment to.overwhelsn them. At last one of them resolved to risk his life for-the rest. Seeing no succour come, he threw himself into the sea, and, after three hours swimming, reached the laDd. Unhappily,the Iand was French Guiana. He could only save hlis lifa on condlition of surrendering himself a prisoner. Ris five com dons were fescaed from the devouring sea w<ly to be. castto another dungeon-t(mbfor tomb." r Novi,-Sirshereisa thira letter which has juxst reac'hed "To MI. Louis Blanc those deporfed to Cayenne, with urgerit request to make pubho this appeal:- "Those deported to French Guiana maLe an appeal to the feelings of justice and humanity of all honest. men, to - whatever party they may belong. "At the very moment when so much is spoLen in France of clemency and generosity, while so many families re lullingthemselves with the hope, of clasping to their hearts the dear pnes whose absence'they'have so lox,g. lamented, the political victims- are treated in French. Guiana ina manner worthy of the darkest ages of bar-l barnv. it is certainly a painful task to unveil such an account of 'iiquity; but how is it possibleto pass over in silence the unjust and cruel behaviour of French officers towards their fellow-countrymen? Let it be kiown, therefore, that we are unspeakably tortured on the flimsiest pretences, while people, deceived by the solemn declarations of the French Government, tbinkperhape that every prison is open and that we are at liberty. Lot it lbe known, for instance, that out 'of five men lately arrested for some talk; it had bceen the fancy of an overseer to invent, two were tied to a stake and dealt with as the most vile criminals. On their being reluctant to submit to an ignominious punishment soldiers were called for, who, rushig upon the victims, bruised them with blows, tore off their beards, and, recldess of shrieks with which vild beasts 'ould have been moved, bound them -with cords so fast as to-iake the blood s. " To relate all we sunfer is more than we can possibly do, Ourcheeks Idndle wvith shame, and our hearts are bleeding.- Suffice it to say that, while the French Governmentlias its clemency cried up everywhere, there are Fienchmen in Guiana who do gasp for life. Nor are they allowed the' sojo-urn of the Island of Despair, horrible as it is; barbarous administrators drag them violently on the continent, to compel them to a labour of eight hours a-day in the marshy forests from which pestilential vapours are continually rising. S"We refused to submit to this outrage upon laws, to this murderous attemrpt; we elained promised liberty. The answer is ' death ! '-a magnanimous answer, after the birth of a prince ! " Is there, indeed; for us any other prospect but imminent death ? With no proper food, no garments, no shoes, no wine since February last, is there any chance that we should long be able tobear both the influence of an exhausting toil and a deadly chmate ? Again, where is the law which assimilates political proscripts to galley slaves ? From beneath the brutal force that weighs upon us, heaped up together, almost breathless, but strengthened by the courage we draw from the sacrednes3 of our cause and our hop in the triumph~ of justice, we protest against the violencewhich is offered to us. Mlay public. opinion be moved at our misfortunes, and energeticaly rise against deeds so well calculated to'bring to shame a nation reputed the most enlightened and civilized in the world ! "};SERBnaa A %un2,DRn "DrssALLn " GnxST "BIJoux - 41 GOXET $' DORE CS BOUDU T3 0S FXDIE 'LSi CA1'ET "BSOFuI;L "ASO?' "GUES..)BD "LASILCUssE "BOwN1;AsSUOLLR, "A.D "SALLELES " DAvAux " Sussm " Brvons BF4x FOUR "1 PERMI3I0D "LACOuR " C txUDRox "BOCKMXSEss " PBIOL "1 LAxoSND '"CAUDRET "I DLE GusTA1 ; "CA.r4U X " PELLstEe HOLLAS." These are the lines, Sir, the insertion' of which in your columns I earnestly request, not as a Republicau-not even as a Frenchman-but as a man; for this is not a question of political feeling, it is one of simple justice and humanity. Let it be carefullyremembered that the tortured victims are men who have never been tried by any lawful court, nor prosecuted by any form of law! It lies in your power, Sir -as I said on a similar occasion-that the groan they utter from the place wheretheyare, sotospeak-, buried alive should be heard in the world of the living. The French press is gagged, and whoever has recently resided in France must of necessity know-as stated in a letter addressed by .r. Aytoun to the most influential paper in this country- that- when the press is controlled by an arbitrary Government every species of injustice, jobbing, aud oppression may be perpetrated, unoommented upon, and even uknow to the great majority of the populationL" Suclhbeingthe case in France, the liberty of the English press remains the only possible resort for the oppressed to have the justice of their complaints at least examined. I apply, therefore, to the English press, and that all the more confidently since I read in The Times a few days ago:-" The uress iS emphatically the representativ3 of the people. I iselydirected it guards the interests of all classes and conditions of society, and has a right in tun to the sympathies and assistance of all." LOUIS BILNC. l Aug. 23. - -
THE STORAIN THB CHANABL. * TO THE IDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The South-Eastern.Railway ha& been for some time past indastriously pursuing the economizing'course of policy -a kind of rash very prevalent at this moment in the railway officialworld. One effect. ot this policy has been decidedly awkward. A storm occurs in the-Channel, and the lines of ail, nstfficientIy"sece, are inderrined for several yards. The " accident" is " hit-upon"!at 6 o'clock a.m., there being no person to look out for such-things, and a frantio porter or switchman rushes into the station and "just succeeds" in preventing from starting a mail -train which ought to have started half an hour before, but -which, Heaven -be thaiked, " chanced" to be detained at the terminus. The first resalt of this chapter of happy accidents resolves itself into -certain people, myself among the num'ber, not getting their necks broken, wondering extremely why they didn't,-andawaiting three hours for an engine, telegrapheaforfrom Ashford, the company's depOt. You will perceive the presentconditiho of our continental and local mails and passengers. We ireon the'wrong side of the yawningcehasm Ashford is 20niiles disUnt, and in t,hese dys of magic facilities, the telegraph-office is closed, and wve must. -wait .four hours for its openmig, and perhaps three more for the arzival of the engine from Aashford. Her 'Majesty's Government givd the coinpany a mighty subsidylof our national goldafor the-rapidand efficieniper. formance of the mail service, nightly-jaded paengers are ansious to.,proYide. eozy preparatlons, Indian, mails are arriving, special services may be required, engines may break down, the-nearest dep8t is 20 miles away, butthe -office is closed. Can we send totE' clere's residence, however distant that mayhbe? No,, because all the other telegraph-offlecesoon the line are also closed! The entire corres ondence of the united inmgdom.withithe continent must ho delayed, thrown back; London, Liverpool, Mnchester, the whole population of the three' kingdoms must wait four hours, peibaps an extra postI because the SouthEasternRailway Company. wrill not Pay for S.a Wegranih clerlc or two at night! Suppose the accident to take plsce at midnight, we must add two more. long hours zo the time eauired, not to obtai, but to send for sssistane * add, supposingthe tsin - rption" (usingiofficial langusge3to occur furth-er.offfrom a " depol'thsn 20 milos, it would be quicker to wait the- six hours, and ultimately telegraph for ssiaice, .tbito send a jaded 1cortermils along the line looking for it There is something sublime in this poor, weary; slow-going porbr pausing all. the 'telegraph offices with' their pliads, "'closedt from midnight to 6am."-' --d Where, Sir,.are wetol6okforthe Neme iwhisto e usustice? Will the Post-office authQritiea look to t is when the next mail contict, ii made, or is the aerdie der these circumstancegs efficiently" performdt 'Willthe mercantile-pabEic-lookto it, will the shaeboldets interfere? lagthe company answerale -for delaysor accidents caue by neglect of' proper-precautions, or, finSaUy must wre still wait for the sacrificial bishop or railway director?t -'... . -- a- -A TRiVELLEER. The Lord - Chancellor has presented the: Rev. Charles R&eXsy, I.A., to the nvicrep of Kirby xooride; ' Yorkshire.
IZFPECTlIOwpOF THE CUAM AT BROWArDO WiF ~BrTHQlZEAreB.. ,'PORTS3MOlTE, SzIruswAy Her Mate mid. two ointments to iupeci thin cp, in wlbic he British Gfmai legion, lately retumed from fordip quarters, a under,canvass, .bct thcw her o each coaaon was so very unpropitious that tbe Royal viit Dould o0t be pid. To-dax, however, 11e weather wag 4sxo dinglF filie'i6traTrni, and the a"'i mooth,.ana-'onxequentl'Mer. Majesty aent an eawli ntimation to lajor-General Bietoz4d the utenant-Goveruor of Tortumouth aisd C06unideir-' in-Chief of- the South-West.Diatrict, thit she shotald t the camp this aftermoon, about-lalf-pati'4 o'clock, and 6veiew ie troops encamped there Accordin theDeputtrMisvtxat-Adjutant&eneril of tEe District ( jor 1L Nelson) went over-to fhe camp atG 2 'clock, andnmade the neces-M earysivangements fer~ the' Royal reoeption; t-ook iap fhe` rond, aud posted the troops. employed 7to keep it.; A. gusid of Jionour. of the: 2d. Regimnent, under - the Commnd, of Major Anderson, was posted atthe landing pane, and every other Arangement made forkHer ajesty's plcsre. -*A 20 minutes to S-'clock-the Queen, Prince Alber the," Pxince of Walea, and;Prince- Athur, wtbelrrespecticT liites,Major.GeneraBuckley, Colonel theHXon.C.B. Pbi:eo Captain Du Plat, Hniscountess Churchil1 the o ISSI Catheart, &c., ainded at Stoke's-ha from the Fairy Royal yacht. Captain the Hon. Joselc nena, mdera general Royal saltte fronm the feet at Spithead and Bort3mouth. garrison battery.. -er Majety was; received by Major-General Breton, Deputy-Assistnt Adjta tGeneralN'elson, Dputy- tQ rm r General wright, comprising the star of the district Colonel Foster, ELE., Aida-de-Camp to Her Majes kc. Her Majesty, thePrince, and Xoya family,; entered one of the Qeen's open carriages, adtieRoyalL suite occupied the carriagesof M,ajor-GeneralBretonand Vice-Adnral Sir George Seymour, and proceeded, under the escort of. Major-General reton ahd Staf 'toBrowndown, a distance of aoont three-quarers of a mne from the place of -deharcation, wher te rts-German Legion(mustering nearly 2,000 of all ranks) was drawn up in-line, comnanded by Brigadier-General Wooldridge. The troop3-, received Her aUjesty with the Royal salute, and she proceededalqpg tbe line. The Boyal corWgi than took iup.. Position mn front, and the -brigade broke:- into operc columns of companies,. marched pat in quick time,-' cloced, to quarter distance columns on leading- compamies of regmnents, and marched p5st again, thein, moved 1& sections to tlie 6ncampment, each section oe , drawn -sp in front of its tents. The Queen then proceed- tothecamn, alightedfromibercarriage, andwailkedthaoughitentering alternatelyone of the tents of the men and one ofthcofficets, in whicn she malde a minuta inspection- of everything, the Prince, Consort meantime conversing with severalGerman sentries.- After this Her Majesty 'and the Prinoe re-entered their carriago and drove to Gomer Post, an enorshous fastness in course of construction, occung an area of 17 acres, in the neighbourhood, to -have barrack accommodation for 320 men.. Here Her Majesty, and the Prince alighted and walked over the work, the coinstraction of which Colonel Foster (the Commanding B RoyilEngineer ofthe South-WVest District) explained personaly and by the plan. After zemaining upwards of halEfan hour in this fortress the Royal inspectors again entered their carriage and re-embarked with the same ceremories as onarrivl, Her Maiesty and the Plince Consort having previousLy expresse'd their pleasare and satisfaction at the insection todajor-GeneralBreton. On the standara beinigre-hoisted in the Fairy it 7 o'cloc-, the fleet and forts fired another general Royal salute. The German Legion is a fine, body of men they were very steady to-day under arms, and moved welL The gronnd, which vwas a fine open space close to the camp, was elpt by the 22d Foot A vast assemblage of the residents of Anglesey, Gosport, Portsmouth, and the Isle of 'Wight was present, and so admirable and considerate were the arrangements made under General Breton's directions that every spectatorcould see well the Royal visitors and the evolutions of the troops. Browndown is a capital spot for a permanent military settlement; 5,000 troops can be comfortably and most healthily encamped there; the water is good and abundant ; it is easy of access by sea and road; and no sooner does rain cease than the ground is perfectly dry.
THE SEWYAGE OF CRGAT TOWNS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-Observing in !The 2imes- of this morning an excel. lent leading article- based. on the - Riegistrar-General's " Remarks on the impurities of the London atmosphere" in hiS last -weely return,iif you think that the following-act, which was rdated to me by an influential member of the municipal corporation of the city of Antwerp, -will give any additional weight to your very conclusive arguments, as tile public are slow to belieae and to take up any but practical suggestions,itpossiblymaybeof sudicient valueto insert in your journaL While on a recent tour of hospital inspection through Belgium and Holland, to ascertin the system for the administration in the different countries of the medical relief to the poor, and the general sanitary regulations, IL Vander Bergh, the well-known merchant of Antwerp, informed, me that about eight years ago 'he dity of Antwerp paid annually for sweeping their streets 20,000£ The scavenger not being satisfied, and having made an increased demand, ,the members of the corporation easme to the determination to put the cleansing of the streets up to competition. The lirst- year they- obtained 15,COOf. vhich, as the sewers, formerly all communicating wth the Scheldt, have been removed and cesepools -made, has gradually increased np to the present time, wihen -the corporation receives 120,000f., the contractor paying ' that sum for the privilege of obtaining the sweepings of the. streets and'the contents of the cesspools,! The streets of Antverp are now swept every morningthroughout-the year before 10 o'clockl The dusland refuse from the housesare not allowed tobethrown into them (as is doneinParis)untilthe scavengerebellrings,andthe cesspools containing the excrement are periodically emptied by order of the municipality, the soil being first deodorized, and tha whole, ith tne dust and sweepings, are cartedi awvay some niles into the country and converted into guano, a very thin layer of earth on the deodorized soil being suffcient to keep down any noxious exhaation. Until the Government gives permission to convey the soil under the deep moat whiih surrQunds the city on the land sfdes the cesspool nsante is almost unavoidable, hut or m-nany obviousieasons is considered f sr less objectionable than the pollution of the riVer. Snch, however, need-not be the case in London, where there is ample space on each side of the Thames for two h serfetly disthnct systemsone for the. excrementitious soil or sawage, and the second for the srface q later or simeple drainage, through which conduits the -veryvaluaMe products of upwards of s3,00 torn of -atown guano" might daily be far roved frdm the busy haunts of man, and sude subservient to his existence, Instead of its present tendency to shorten his days. the dust of our streets and the exhalationuroe the sewlers, not forgetting the dustbins, are every dy insidiously spreadig disease aun death aronld us, and sowing -the seeds of premature decay in the risng gneration, while the loss of the manure to the land b s incalculable. The fertilizing qualities of thoe street sweepings and the ni5hb soil, 'when converted into guano, are truly 'surprsssng botn at Asntwerp and Paris, and are, commercially, a very lucrative speculation. In Paris, last year, I watched the growth of grass seed sownt npon earth' prepared, with the- " town guano " for ak'wn at the Dnuchess lYAlba's * on the eighth day it wias mown I at Eilan, whiere the system has been extensively adopted, and tbe tow;n produce for years has been contverted- to its legitimte use, the land yields eight cropos of grass a-year ! A pologizing for intruding upon your valuablo time, I have the honour to boevonr obedient servant. | t liadent Aedic8 Qfflcerz St- Thombas's ospitaL. - F' StThomas's,Augus 23.c R tC-7 VT'F.T.Tn -
: DErMMED Say Mr. W. Carter,l Coroner for East Surrey, and a jury, assembled at the rnision of ilr. Joseph Parrnton, at Thornton- heath, near Croydon, to nestigate th- circumn.Unces - attending the death of Mr. Walter.arrinton, aged 30, son ,of the above, who -shot himself in the -drawing-room on Thursda last. from the evidence of the mother of the deceased, who was deeply affected, and Mr. Beney, as nedi- cal genitleman of Croydon, it appeared that deceased' resided -with his parents and the sisterir On the. diy in question, about 4 o'clock in the afternoou, .isimother, whUlowiting in an djoiningroom,was alarned by a report of firearmis within the house, and on iroceeding tothe drawin"-room Faw-her son (dead)lyingupon the carpet. His brains were scatterad on the foor, and blood streaming from the head. Upon the arrival of Mr. Bemney, the suo. goon, deceased was quite dead. The head and face were oompletely shattered, and the- -whole of the brains, blown out. A single-barrelled gun, recently .dischrgd lying across his legs. To the tiigger W" fastened 7. s .to.,which a piece of stick abont 2 feel Ionz I -atthed. He had no doubt plaoed the -.zie oE. the gun in his mouth ! and dischargoed it wth 'his., foot. Re had for about 17years been in delicate health, ainsing from his having injura d his hip by falig throuh a tr'pdoor, whSch had pioduned laeneuss, which gave him great e ,an ane a h cied people lookedat hif A. verdict of." Tee porar t ait was retrned - FA:rA. "A'IDENT.-On Saturday evening r oAuf S. Thornton, of the finn of ThoWnton, Firth, Homan, and ep o, w thro wn fror amh a et4 n in t w u nof Altndncha, a t. e unfortuate gentleman sustained a fracture of the skull and we learn by electric telegrap* that he expired yesterday morning SHXIIOG JF&T1s.-n Thursday afternooii a derter from the 8ths ucceed his ie in A gbsacape from a rWiiwayscahrrage He w in the custo of tro soldiers of the kegimeut, and-was being conveyed by; the expreMs train from .Birminghito York. When be-s hweeu Bcrton on-Treat and Bron station, he leaped, - handcuffed h he was, through the winow of the cage.. Trhe £ep of the sucOceing a tocaugbtimn, Atp. grea and inhiavetd sucthserious rnflaneu asto case deat -- DzsmDzrbo OP WEEs B- illLN.-O - :subject the Of fie of Malonal 7Xdueation at Duldin bag -: . suedthe following letter:-. - - - "Sir,-LW rhave hdtecnuxflyn eore theCoi niZners of 2*ationul Education your leter of- the 10t} of July ana the 18th inS., latimve to the greitimporamoof the detruction of Weeds along the si;es of wa We are directedto stateinrly, theoc icsess eor. dilx approve of the su To you have made tht theehiren2 attending the National schools shoild beinrlirted .bY their-wpctive-teahers atotbemsemty of de-txuying" 'alledsfoundon the farm of their parunt, or onIL h hihways adjacent thereto. The oommunoners wl therefote have auCh satuatactien in pointing out to theirf in-. eoirx the step mecomary to be taken for carying -your SUbstion into effect."
ORBBIGRN INTILLIGENCE. F4ANCE. , (r OU OWN VCo2-2DE.) ?' _ - ' TA prioz olao following appoaiod ix otz sec6id 6dA Fon n Srtinr ofth PARIS, FIDAY, 6 P.. - Proofs are Lardly needed to strengthen the geieral conviction that fair promises and perfidious acts are all that are to be expected from Austria ini ih proposed or suppqsed intervention with the ing of Naples. Notwithstanding the zeal she affected in the matter, Exngland and Prance can hardly have thought that her interference would be of a nature to produce any gooc result. As long as she.believestliese Powers unlikely to resort to strong measures, or to support their contemned remonstzances ly the presence of a squadron in the Bay of , aples, why should she urge King Ferdinand to a moderation and lenity -which might contrast favourably with the system adopted in her own Italian possessions ? . It is daily more evident that she has played a double game oa this, ea on many other occasions, and proofs of it begin to be adduced. The Itali.an Corresndence orf the 20th inst. quotes an arti.cle from the official Verouc Gazette, in which, under the heading of "The Neapolitan Reforms," the writer attempts to prove that the King had decided on making these before receiving the notes of England and Prance, and that in replying as he did to those two Powers he only showed a laudable Sense of his dignity and independence. In short, the article is a eulogium on the King of Naples, who is declared to havt acted in the general interest of Eiurope. When Astrian official journals thus express themelves, it is certainly per mitted to doubt the sincerity of the note despatched from Vienna and, of the instructions alleged to have been given to General Martini. According to the latest accounts from the Danubian Principalities, Prince Alexander Ghika, Kaimakan of Wallachia, dees not propose to mak-e any further change in the linistry until such time as the commissioners assemble at Bucharest. If Messrs. Stirbey and Pl2gino, son and son-in-law of the late Hospodar, -were removed from their posts, it was because they voluntarily resigned them, but their colleagues remain. This can hadly be very satisactory to the reform party, for next to Prince Stirbey himself no men in the country were more generally detested than his Ministers, Who aided and carried out the system of iegality and corruption by which he governed. Admitting that they will be restrained in their malpractices by the Kairnalaen, whwoe good intentions and probity no one doubts, they yet are so odious to the people that their presence at the head of their departments can hardly fail to lessen the popularity to which the new vrgime might otherwise aspire. If, obeying a new direction, they would be as active for good as they formerly were for evil, they might do something towards calming the irritation and healing the wounds which, under their former chief, they were active in causing. But this were hoping too much of men some of whom, at least, are known as thoroughly corrupt and incapable of interesting themselves for any better end than their own interest. It is difflicult to understandf why Prince Ghilk, w hose own instincts are honourable and patriotic, and than whom none more seriously condemned the laeitiousGovernuent that preceded his own, should be so enamoured of the status quo as to retain about him the foremost upholders of the, late Hospodarxs systenL But we probably have yet a short time to wait before receiving much positive and important intelligence from Bucharest. The fear which prevailed there, less than two months ago, lest Stirbey should be continued at his post, was so great and absorbing, that, as soon as his dismissal was known, and the rejoicing at it over, the public interest in politics naturally underwent a slight collapse. Moreover, at this season of the year all fly fron that sultry city of the plain, whose pleasant gardens no longer supply sufficient shelter from the sun's ardent rays, and from the hot breezes that Bweep the surrounding parched levels. The event of the' meeting of the commissioners is now that upon which all thoughts are fixed, and minor matters are neglected. But when is that meeting to take place? It is reported to-day that the question of the Bess2rahian boundary is in a fair way of settlement, but my last advices from the provinces say nothing of this. XUntil that is settled the Austrians will not evacuate, and the commission consequently cannot assemble. Meanwhile its members are gathering at Constantinople, for which place I hear that Sir Henry Bulwer naa left Paris. To-day's Paris papers are devoid of interest. The DIbats, on the strength of information from Madrid, announces as positive the early appearance of decrees dissolving the National Guard and the Constituent Cortes. The AssembMe Nationcale, whose rabid hatred of EigIland! is sometimes most amusing, has a long article on torture in India, the depopulation of Ireland, and the oppression of the Mauritius, establishing comparisons between Neapolitan and British rule, unfavourable, of coure, to the latter, and windingup with the often-repeated assertion that if En,,laud sympathizes with the subjects of the King of Naples it is merelybecause she covets a part of his dominions. Yesterdaythe same paper was indignant at the idea of England lending assistance in the suippression of the Riff pirates, because it was evidently with the view of obtaining a footingon the coast of Morocco! .Uh Constitutior.tel publishes a letter from Strasbu, Augut 20, addresaed to' it by the owner of the Lyonnais French steamer, erroneously stated to have been lost in ascending the Danube: " Allow me to contradict al the reports which have been published of the loss of the Lyonnais, and to tell you that, owing to the skll and energy of her commander, she passed the Iron Gates, if not without difficulty, at least without injury, and, after accomplishing the distance between that dangerous passage and Belgrade, arrived there in the evening of the 7th inst., without the slightest damage. As a member of the company to which the Lyonnais belongs, I was on board of her during the whole of her passage from Galatz to Belgrade, where I leoc her. It will not be displeasing to you to learn that the appearance of the first French steamer so hikh sp the Danube, where one was never seen before, produced a considerable sensation. The people on the. banks, Russians, Tarks, Aroldavians, Wallachians, Servians. Hung,arians, .!c., gave the French flag the most enthusiastiwelcome. Our Consuls must have pointed out to the Government the reception we met with, and they must also have mentioned certain jealousies to whichwe vwere exposed. These jealousies rendered the passage of the Iron Cates more difficult for us, and -it is from the same source that all the accoants of the critical position and the wreck of the Lyonnais have proceeded. " F. PARROT (Of the firm of Mathiss, MAgnan, Parrot, and Co).' The light-house apparatus which is to be erected on the sIe of Serpents was sent off from Paris yesterday. It has been made for the acount of the Turkish Government, which has also ordered a considerable number for all the coasts of Ttirkey in Europe and in Asia. The following private telegraphic despatches have been. received .- "TRIESTE, AuG. 2L By intlligeice from Constantinople to the 15th, it would appear that the Rounains had addressed another memoril to the allied Ambassadors, entreating the junction of the Principalities, and the nomination of a prince chosea from the Royal facalies of Belgiun, Sweden, or Savoy to govern theai. It vas said that the allied commissioners were to proceed to Greece, in order to regulate the financial affais of that country." "ST. PETERSBURG, AuG. 20. "The Emperor has just ordered that each government shall send a deputation of five Jews to St. Petersburg to form a coancil on Jewish affairs." The Journal du Loiret says " The Emperor, the Empress, and the Prince Imperial passedthroughthe Anbrais at a quarter-past 8 on Taesday evening. The train stopped for nearly a quarter of an hour at the station, but no one alighted. It wD quite dark at the time, butthe saloon in'which the Emperor and Empress were seated Wa-s brilliantly lighted, and; every one could see their Majestes. Ris Majesty conversed with the functionaries vwho *ere present at the station, and questioned them as to the state of the harvest inBeauce, And on the cbnsequences of the inandations in that department. The Empress saluted the people assembled with her usual grace and affability. One of them haying said, 'Ils?ame, we should like to seethe Priuce Imperial,' ter Majestyreplied, 'I Myfriends, I shbuld be happy to show him to you, but he is asleep.' ' Do not disturb, him, then,' -was the reply, and the people abstained from any cheers, that the sleep of tho Prince shoud tot be broken,. The grand dinner given by t~he membersof the me.dical professionini France to the Prencb; EugiiSh,, Turkish, anId Sardinian mnedical officers w>ho servedin thea inte war, took plase on WVednesday evening in the large room of the/ Hotel du Louvre, Baro3e .Paul Dubois,filled the chair, and. more tbhan 0z 1rench and foreign,medical men..were-prAent.- ,At the des3ert the chi r ioe and proposed a toa3t, ,' To the memory,. of 'the. medical mnen who died courageouslv- in the .Ee ;t also onse, "To 'Napoleon I.'! Dr. Ricord proposed,l. ".To the 1uss~ian men-who attended to thei -WOnded prsoners with. great humanity;". Dr. Maheux, "To. the. midversal. meedical ,raternity 'suitedn- by science and -humanity.' These toasts were- all diunk-with greatenthusiasm, and were respondodtqoby M. Jules Roux, of Toulon, in the name of -the fleet; by. M.,BVgin, in. the name -of thi medical. piofeEsion generally; iby M. Baudens, in the name ,of the armyof the East ,,by ,Sir John HIall, for, the .English army.; by ,the Chevalier 0oniisetti,. Physician-in-Chief 'of 'the Sardiiiian zarn,r, on behalf of his feli&w-cojiutrymejn; andd by Dr. Sinapian, professor at the School of Medicine ai Const;utinople, in the name ofthe TuriishameaicaI profession.ProfessorPiorry read some verses composed for the occasion, which were warmly applauded; At the e:ad of the banquet a subscription was opened for the widows aud orphans of the, numerous medical mnen 'who died in the East, which was liberally contributed to. The receipts of the Orleans Railway durin& the week ended on thle 16th were 1,0716,528f.,orl67,861f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st January amounted to 29,256,183f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 9'3.182f., -The Tr per Centa. c'osed to-day at 70f. 80c. for the end of the month i and the Four-and-aHlalf per Cents, at 94W. )Oc.; Orleans Radiway Shares, 1,420f.; Great Kgrthern, 1,068f. 75c..; Strasburg, 945f. ;- New Shares, 862f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, -1,426f. 25c.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,825f.; Western of France, 972f. 50c,; Bordeaux and Cett, 803f. Z5c.; Great Central of France, 693f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 807f. -50c.,; Bank of Cr4dit Mobilier* 1,625£.; Austrian L- ways, 88Sf. Cours 4tdAenHiq-PAnt, August 22.--C&A PrcesFour-and-a-Half par Cents. (not reimbrsble for 10 years), -95f. ditto Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 95f;; ditto Certficates (70 per cent, paid), 951.; Four per Ceats., 82£. Three per Cents., 70f. 85a0cc. 75. - Banl Actions, 4,126f. - Crtdit.soncier, 670f. 4G67f.S.; ditto G-bligations I[of .0Of., Three per Cents, SP7f. SOn.; ditto TeWIAhs, Three per Cents., SOf.; Prom. Obligations of 1000f., Three per Cents., 930f., Credit Mobilier, 1,630f. 1,627f. SOc. 1,625f.;. Discount Bank, 695f. f700.; Psedmontese Five p)r Cents., 91f.; dittoThreeparCents., 56f.; AustrianFive perCents.q 88; Rioman;, S8 A, Spanish Deferred Convertxd, 241 f 25 251; ditto Interior Debt, 395; TurkdshLoan, 1%33. :-,; change onLondon,at sight, money, 2Sf. 27.*th.;remontlhs maoney, 2f. SATurDAY, AuaUST 23, 6 P a. Their Majesties on Thursday last received at the Villa Engeie, at BiarriFtz, Prince Louis Lucien Bonlaparte, for some time sojourning at St. Jean de "Everything," says the Messager de Bayonnse, "leads to the belief that the stay of the Imperial party will be longer this year than in any preceding one. The heads of the stable department have sent here not fewer than 19 carriages, 20 posthorses, 10 carriage horses, and 6 for the saddle," x. Thiers has returned to Paris from London. The following privqte telegraphic despatcheshave been rece*ved "BERLW, Aug. 22.-The Indicateur Officiel of St. Petersburg announces that the Imperial Court will leave for Mioscow on the 26th; 'iwl make its solemn entry on the 29th, and that the coroaEtion will take place on the 7th of September." "d. H-urE, Aug. 22M--The cholera has broken out with great severity at Stockholm. It is said that GeneralBodisco, the Russian military Envoy, is one of its first victims." " ADnID, Aug. 22.-Prince Adalbert arrived here yesterday evening and was received with great state. The nuptial ceremony will take place on Mlonday next, the 25th The Gazette publishes the decree definitively disbanding the National Guard. The Government will render an account of this measure to the Cortes at its next session." The Monmiteur publishes thereturns of the principal merchandise imported into France, together with the Customs' duties levied thereon, during the seven months of 1813, ended on the 1st inst., and. which amounted to 100,522,391f. Compared with those of the corresponding period of 1855 there is a diminution of '20,698;989f. The tax on salt produced during the same period 18,022,257f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 75c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Hall per Cents., at 95f.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,412f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,0571. 50c.; Strasburg, 945f.; new shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,422f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,810f.; Western of France, 065f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 791f; 25c.; Great Central of France, 692f. 50sc.; Lyons and Geneva, 805f. ; Bank of Cridit Mobilier,. 1,620f.; Austrian Railways, 880f. Covrs Aintfunc-PAIcAs, An3g. 23.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., not reimbursable for 10 years, 95f. 95f. 10c.; Three per Cents., 70f 76c. 70c. 8Oc. 70c. 75c.; ditto Loa.n of 1855 (70 per cent, paid), 70f. S0c.: ditto Certificates (70 per cent. paid), 7f. Sc0.; Treaury Bonds, 5 percent. to 1 month; Bank Actions, 4,150f. ; I CrTddit F7oncier, 4401.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cent., 397f. 60c.; ditto Tenths, 87f 50c. ; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,6iOf.1,620f., Discont Bank, 7001.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 91f.; Asrn ive per Cents.. 88f.; Romanls, 8SS; -Spanih Deferred Converted, 251 25 251. ditto Three per Cents., 1841, 4al; ditto Interior Deb", 393, Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, 64. Exchangeon0 London, at sight, mnoney, 2Sf. 27.lc.; three months, money, 2Sf. RtYSSIA. (mRo UR o BERLI coRsroSNm-r.) BERIUN, AuG. 2L We have telegraphic information here that on the 19th inst. Count de llorny handed to the Emperor of Russia the Grand Cross of the Legion of Huonour. This appears to be in return for the recent presentation of the Order of St. Andrew to the Emperor Louis Napoleon by the hands of Baron Brunow. The most satisfactory remark that is suggested by the two almost simultaneous acts of prezentation is, that they have now no more orders left to present each other with. The NVord contains an account of the reception that Count de Moray met with atPeterhoff, and his havingo a lodging assigned hii in thb Palace of the English Park, of which it is carefully mentioned that "it is one never occupied by the Imperial family, but set apart for the reception of foreign princes." The chief interest in the ar,icie is the very manifest object of making as much es possible of the very flattering reception that has been accorded to the French Am'bssador by the E3mperor of Russia. I Some letters from a specil correspendent whom. the Areuz Zeitung has sent to- Moscow show that the preparations that I mentioned some weeks back as being carried on so actively in that old capital of theCzars are now complete. The thingthat most strikes him in the first days of his visit there is the excessive cleanliness of the place. Every house seems to have been scrubbed and rubbed, and furbished and polished, till it has attained a degree of staring cleannessalmost affronting,andwhich,becomes actually so on finding that the cleansing process has as yet made no-inroad on the interiors. The correspondent learns, at the cost of his patience, what many other traveilers in Russia have learned before him, that the a.tendance a man gets in an inn is as -much as he brings with bim, and no more. Russian travellers always bring'their own servants 'wth them, and in plenty; their numbers, however, form no cause of inconvenience to the landlord,; seeing that accommodation for the servants is something as uncalled for and superfluous as attendance on their masters. A gentleman's servant wil pass entire days louing"on the' threshold of the door, -while his ni,ghtsare got rid of as satisfactorily to himself 'under, a. bed occupied by somebody r else. Mattresses and *pilOS are hknown to him only as superfluous luxuries. The stable is a place of refuge to be resorted to by the coachmdan only in extreme caees; under normal circumstances he pours the oats for his horse or. horses on to the floor of his kibitka, at the side of which his well-behaved animals stand and feed from the floor of the carriage,, the driver him. self reposing between them under the kibitka in the open courtyar4 . Evenu as- far back as the beginning of this month it was matter of notoriety in Mtoscow that'the' Ahglin7skqiossi (the English 'Ambassador) was going to brmig uwith im. from London an entire house, rn which a ball 'is tobe given, at which the 'Emperor will be present. On the -Chotinski fields; where'tbhe entertainments for the people ' are to co,mc off, preparations are being made for a musical entertaimient, of whichthe Mhiet peculiarity wiU lBe in au'obbfigat accoMpaniament-of artilery, so ritranged' as to mark the time very distinctly> For the: accompaniment of ,the', National Anthem 'a batitery . of ganus is to be arranged. withelectric. wiresrumning from -their touchholes .to':the side of the rostrum, where,. the: director of, the singers and players will stand, end strictly in accordance with the stroke of' hisbaton 'these guiDs -.ill 'be a im 'a;ft de the other. This very tas+ful -aldl-delicate performance, so wall calctilated to thrm' ail true -loversof music; wag executed:ona former occasiontit,Kalikch uader-the pPrcussion ;. an offlcer gifted ;ithan ear-for musiowas intrusted with a'bsxnsner, a the-ask o£,. l3nocking oithe dischargneaiidc ast Y-oxfi the restof thisgentlenian'3 crrespondence it would seem that it cannot .be 'too strictly enjoined 'upon .. .correepondents to be carefu of the diet_.i Russia. He describes one.of the dainty dishes set 'before him; caUed k.utwinjcs, as composed of liberal quantities of quass (an infusion, of sour black bread with thin icid beer) in a tureen, to which are added sliced. cucumbers, parsley,> salmon or other fish, and then cooled below the. masticating temperature of Wester mouths by thg.- interposition of pieces of ice between these masses ofr' pink salmon, black bread, and. green vegetables. . It . is evident that the- large quantities of thin watery beer and iadiiDestble crude eatables have -had an evil effect upon his style, and found their result in.. the cont.ents of his letters. . '..'. . A letter from Berlin of the l9th, ' tePes :Beige, says.-11 the' 'ressc "The Prussian Government has determined to wreak a terrible vengeance for the affair of the Riff. A company of the Chasseurs of the Guard'_from Potadam, another of. the 4th Chasseurs from Magdeburg, a thlird of tha SthChasseurs of the Rhenish provinces, and a company of Marines from Dantsio, have .'been placed on a war footing, aind are about to leave, in transnort vessels4. An order has been sent to the llrussian Vice-Consul at l'ei to inform the Moorish Government of what is inteaded, andt 6 declare 'that all relationrs Wvll To interrupted betweenthe two Powers should any. attempt be madae to oppose n- descent on the Riff coast. England, it is affirmed here, will co-operate in the suppressior. of the pirates.," AUSTRIA. Baron Jaines de Rothschild has just left Viennafor St. Petersburg, in order to concert with, the Russian Goveriment relative to the railways which. are about to be constructed in that empire by a company of which he is the principal representative. A-letter from Vienna in- the S lia&an Mercuttry . says:- .' | " D.de Bazily, Russian CouncillIor of State, has brought I here the official assurance that Russia has no intention whitever of eluding the obligationis she had contracted by the treaty of Paris. This intelligence was received with great satisfaction." Baron de Eoller, the Austrian Commissioner for the reorganization of the Principalities, left Vienna on the 18th for Constantinople. ITALY. (PrOsE OUR Owxr COn POiDE) TURIN, AuG.. is., The subscription for the purpose of presesitinu' the Sardinian Government with 100 guns fortia new fortifications at Alexandria is- energeticallg supported in this kingdom, aid we hear thatlist' for the same object have-aLreadybeen opened zV MElan, ilorence, Como; and other large towns of the northern part of Italy, and it is expected tha-tL the same will be done before long even at'Rom6 and Naples. It will be recollected that the 'oc' casion of these new work-s for rendering the' eastern frontier of this country more secure was' thought an appropriate opportunity for a testsV mony oIf Italian confidence in the championship - of the house of Savoy- and the present M1inisters of the King. of Sardinia, in the first place, because, Alexandria had originay -been" founded by the towns of the Lombard League, in 3168, to -resi6t the dominion of Frederick. Barbarossa, to which end it received the blessing and the name of the Pope (Alexander e .>; and in the next, becau e 'the Italians who are subjects of despotic Governments would, it was thought, be gilad to ava,l themselves of such a chance of manifesting their adherence to the- principles upheld by the Sardinian Government, as they can always find means to. transmit their collections, the amount of which 'from each town or district being published here would prove to the world in some degree the tendency of the political aspirations that are repressed and denied at present by their arbitrary rulers. The subscription was therefore intended us a great ?1txiOng demonstration' in favour of iKing Victor Emmanuel and his Government, and no doubt it is this fact which has excited the displeasure of persons in high places at Vienna more than the actual foriifications themselves, though ostensiblyit is the additional works which are offensive to Aulic sensitiveness. It appears, indeed; that the Austrian Government, forgetful of its. own violations of. treaties in adding new fortifications to the town of Piacenza, has given it to be understood by the representatives of other countries that it considers these works as menacing to itself, and I am sorry to say that, if I am not misindormed, -it has met with too xeady-a listener in the person of the French Minister. This is, however, a matter of little moment, as the sentiments of the Fi;ench Government on the subject have been ascertained to be favourable to the views of this country, and the British representative at the Austrian Court seem:s quite unaffected by the relaxing air of Vienna, so that it is merely the indiv.idual opinion of the gentleman himself which is to be regretted. The works contemplated at present at Alexandria will consist of an enceinte, with bastions, en-' circling the town, and four detached forts,-one on the 1ormida, near its confluence with the Tanaro; one on the Tanaro, in rear of the works of Valenza ; and two others to the south and southeast of the town. -These forts will be joined toge-' ther by earthworks having a strong profile. The 'whole of these 'works will thuis form an important phace 'aranes. Under the protection of Alexandria and Genoa it is 'thoughtaSardinian army couild safely threaten Parma and Piacenza, or by meiacin" a besiegimg enemy on the flank or in rear coula force him to raise the siege withouit striking a blow. In fact, with the aid of Alexandria, Casale, and Genoa, a- cops d'arme of 25,000 or 30.000 men could maintain a war against greatly superior num'bers in Piedmont for many months, and hold out until the arrival of succour firom France. Yesterday was the anniversary of the battle of the Tchernaya, on which occasion General della Marmora 'gave a dinner to all the officers of his staff. Another dinner took place here yesterday, at the Cafe Pastore, of all the old soldiers in Turin who served in the army of Napoleon-the graule annae.- 'The Pi4denwntese Gdzefie to-day publishes 'the returns of the Government railways- for the pabtl month and. the. preceding months. of this year. From this -it appears that the amnount received, in the month of July, 1856, was 1,090,555f., and 'in thefiratseven months of 1856 6,365,566f.,whichgave an increase of 682,870f. over the corresponding term.. of 1855. . tMr. Brett having succeeded in laying the submarine telegraph cable from Cagliaxi to the island of GaMlita, a distance of. about 60 miles, with a depth of water of 2,000 metres in some places, his ultimate success in establishing a conumunicatiosiwith the coast of Africx'before the end of the year is: looked upon here as certain, as the remaining distance is considerably -less, and the depth is not 'more than 300 metres inthe deepest part. This is thie first time s telegraph cable has been laid down at such great depths, andl'thf rFesult,.after two failures, is n6t'only highly creditable to -Mr. Brets energy and persev6rance, .biut very- encouraging for the prosbcution of simihr undertakings elsewhere. - 1he Cavaliere Bensi.- Sardinian.Commissioner for the arrangement'-of the' Da'nubian Principalities, leaves Genoa to-snorrow for Constantinople. Turinhas been-isified duringgzshe1ast two days by '.haacco'cc m panied on one occa- Mion by one ot those-cutting showers of hail which zare .proverbial -foi- doing so' much miscnief to fa-mers and gardeners in the plain of Lombardy. it' is unnecessary to mention wFhat a size the hal-. sto6nea arivee at:in:this c'liate,.becaus, it.would not. be credited, mostlikely,< by those who have 'not seen-a fil of ice in similarciercumstances; but, as'the long 'vacation has now commenced, .ald great fac., lities aie aforded'to.-1l enterprising travellers for crossing tne Alps, seeptics on the sabject will .liavo-an excellent opportunity of convincing themselves: Auring the 'next monta or two, if so inclined. - . . WAPL% -;Af G. 18. The tactics of this Vlovernm6ut have of lata been evidently, altered.- 'They have assumed a defensive form; not, of ourses- as regards. this eountry, for" no masteF evet'troubles' himself withexplanationst6 thelave whomhe oppresses, but as reda'tli'I foreigner. Thus the Unitiris of-.Paris :a'nd2 'e IBlancanof M aii -haive undeaaken the truily h-reroie ,talk of bresting a-lance withthe-rest of the-*orld infi 3behalf of the Sovereign and Government of-the Two - Sicehles, 'while one''or Xtv,o.little imamphl6b4' :*ith.,great ,naies.. 3ttaehed ' to. t.hem,.,have, l,ately na4,e: Itheir appesranca in behalf. of the same hopeless cause.- - shall probably have occiasion' to 're'turhto thins subject; but,' at preentj I cQnfi' e 'sell _one--ortwo4-bservations on -a-, statemen-t-rd I met;wvith, eqee,t1,y,iJht,_,the t.rade-.9f this, counttr I had of late years -vatly-iincreased, that ship- buildi g-:*as 41most: - doubled,- that Englaid was a coiniderable -pirchaaer of Neapjlitan- bult vessels,-j-and that,- by -infereucee, they systim-"6f: government adopted here must bc adinirablyadapted' to develope the resources of the count`y. a:m able to,ref at4 the -lhole. statement. In the first place, I m,ust admit that the .trade of, th conutry has in-' c;eased,; but it' has done, so in spite of the pro. hibitive system: of- the Two Sicilies,- and i conse- quence of the action of free trade principles, so happily introduced- int EnPland. As regards. the prohibitive system' affecting conimnrce, I may I,ention thes quarantine -laws, so capriciously and so annoyingly put into execution, sometimes ' Evidently 'with a' political- object; - the provoking financial measures which are now: drivingfoeiegn capital o(nt of the country, and must react .so as to impoverish tie natives; the absence of bonded waxehoutes, wlich were abolihed so long' ago as 1834, I believe by ana arrangement out of the advantages of which England has been completely defrauded; 'the:.'continuance'of differential duties till w thin a very: recent period; and, lastly, I shall mention as instances of the exorbitant export and import duties the duty of' 101. a-ton on oil till lately, the entire prohibition of the export of grain during the greater part of the year, ana iimport duties often so high -as to amount to a prohibition, and s; capriciously- laid. on as to involve frequent and serious lss3es to thl.e importers. An Wo4rcle in point occurs to me~-that of mstard, which pays an. import duty of 6s. the pound; and, as the system of; bonded warehouses i3 unlnown, and whatever enters port must pay the duty, the merchant sometimes finds a newly-entered cargo unsaleable, in consequence of soie fresh dutyilnposed between the date of the order given and the arrival. The proper statement of thecase,then,would be, that ihe increase of-trade is duie entirely to foreign causes, and that it has been in spite of the narrow and vexatious system pursued in this couutry. I come now to the latter part of the statement, that ships are builthiere and soldin England, which has not ai iota of truth, Builders here speculate with English'aold. The following is the mode:-The great places for building meroihant vessels lie between Nanles and Sorrento, and those who build generalty do so by shares of 500 ducats each, which for 20 shares make up 10,000 ducats-about the price. of one of the ordinary merchant vessels built on this cnzast. This lan 'is often adopted with a view of secung. f'reight, and the speculator goes round to the merchants and begs them to make some investment. .Iln this wvay I know one British merchant who has shares in seven or eight vessels, and declines any further applications, butthat there is avastincrease - in shipbuilding and that bond ie sales are made [to England is, I believe, peiectly false. The stateb ment whichI have just tgiven you is the real expla-' nation of the facts, and from this instance you may judge of 'the general mode adopted for backing up the Government. The re-l question here is, not what improvements have beet forced upon the country by the influence of her international relations, nor what progress she 'ha reluctantly made as she. has floated downf the irresistible current, but how much -further she r might have sdvanced had she put on steam or sail, *instead of throwving snags. in her coulrse. *There is at preent a perfect lull in the political and commercial torld. The'intenseheat from which we are al suffering seern to deprive every one of the power of thought and-action. The Bologna Gastte of the 15th inst. announces,, that the four brigands who atta&i-ed and pillaged the diligence between Bologna and Ferrara on the' night of the 25th of July last have been tried by an Austrian court-martial anid shot.
AMERICA. tThe following appeid i =our second edition of Satr- SOQUTHA bPTONr, SATURDAY3IOR NG., The inited States steamship Washington, Captain Cavendy, arrived off Powes this morning, en roude to- Bremeni brin,ging' Sf passengers, dates from New York to the 9th inst. and a smaUl quantity of specie for F:ance. .' -: There is no politicalmews of importance.' The Senate had paised. a bill granting 1,5,ODO0' - acres-of -land to-z'Aissi -ip6i for raily'purposes. The fa+oiurable' nefi om Europe had strenghiened the NWe York stock-market. 'IoneyWas in good demand. Cotton dul; shippe7s being unwiu1iiig to purchase. at present rates. Te m'arkets for floup and grain were very-insettled, with a-tenn downward,a holders of- Dii being a ous sellers.
*REPOBmATO1kY SCHdOLs. TO TME EDITOBl OF THIE TIMES. Sir,-My attendance at the first provincidl meeting of the Reformatoxy Union having been prevented;, I feel more grateful for the full report of thi-'inansu..l adress by' Lord Stanley,-with which-the public has been favoured in 'Tiw i'tme6.-- - -. : - In that-able and niost interesting address his-Lordship quoted a -portion 6f fhe' revidence given by me to the Pirlianientaiy Comilittee on Criminal sandDcstitute-Children in 1853, as tending to- prove the - inefcVency 6f short terins of imprisonment. Vile I beg to state - my entire concurrence with the opinion expressed on this subject, said- - would -repeat,- vWhAt -I long -sifise - obscrved -and which - longer dx'perince has' conGlrmed, that -the law- which appoints such shorb punishmnents thereby creates or eatails innumerable crimes ; yet :my desire in- furnisbftg thestetistici which Lord Stanley brought -forward--was to shoiv the hecessity for reformatory schools, froim t hefa that mora than a third o- ourr iecommhtted prisoners-nur old; habituzd-offenders--entcred-upo1s-theie erihinalnareer ahidiad been convicted- when quite youngi, and that their convictions amounted to an average of nearly five for each. eI coinneion with these statistic3s fbirther-stated, as- a circumstance even more -important, that if attenti-on were diretedc to-the nature rather than the number of the offences -committed, it would be fouiid that a-still larger proportion, amouhtingtonealy -half of those gailtyof the -more heinous crimes, had been in prison before they hadc'ompleted their 17th year.;'As corroborating these st3tments, lot me add-that of seven " ticket-of-lenve menl i n the Berkshire- gaol this week four were frrst committcd to prison as- juvenile offehders; and the subsequent convictions ofthesefoufamountto S4; showing an average of more' than eight' to each. - - - - Iam further-induced'to trespass on your' columns with these statementsbecausM' Icannot find that any writers on' 'this subject hate published;similar statistics. The tableso'carefuallyeornpiied^-b; -the iiispeetors of 'prisons repre-et';n only the nuniberiof youl offenders at particulartimes, anid' thus deso'ribe tnem (as quoted by Lords Stanley) in 'the proportion of about 3I1 per cent., -bt they do mot furnish ns with the statg andinstractive comparison -to whic -I have referred. -My brother,. chaplains will forgive meif 1: invite their attention to theso facts, with aj;Vie;Wto ,the advancement of reformatory efforts through the inforimat.onconveyed in tleir repoits nftatichaelmas. - - -- sSurely, Sir, these: stitistics alonie go far to prove that thc manner in which our juvenile offenders in times-past-were treated was grievouly defeqtiv!e, and they suggest thankfulne,ssthat,i,the Legilature hasby recent-enaqtments sanci; tioned and apportothbse Institutions fortheirieformition -whic& Cbristian charity hzs'pi vided, the'irmber oft which' wzifl, I trust, rapidly increase. And' let; me further, as onc of lie humblesti bub kearliestadvoc3tes -of reformatory' schools, express gratitudefor£he$nuence rwhich Tie Thime hias continuly exerted in favour of a n object enforcaed-alike,- by patriotism, phiLanthrepy, and every Christian. feelin g.- - . ' - "-s -- J- - - X ~-- ->- , I a . '-i.- I - ''t - , ' ' JOHN ETIELDl.,,
FATAL FLOOM.-The excessive. iair wbuch fell-, last week caused the river Don to.orerPow-ite banks,r thereby inundating immen2e tracts of- low, land all .alotiite course of the river, aud- ooverting- the valley oEf th stream into a 'vast 1ake.-'The current in the bed of ihe, Tnver was very strong, and swept through. tho varsioes. bridges -with great power and velocity..- A-ooUple of youtkhs*' Iamed Charles Bowling,labont17 ymazs-ef a andGeorge Aspinall, 22, rashly atSempted to crxS i river in a salfl' ,boat afew yards above the Mlll-briage t^ Doucater oan" Thursdayevening, andwere waahed compls&ely6ont of it*'tJ frail bark and hurried under-the arehes or- the bridge, appa. rently without the leact power to belpadmves, though they 'were both swimmers. The intkoersoEf both.the Joeut, meu, and the father of Bowling, as well as several oei:r -person;, writnesled thiem perishing balestheir- e wit ' £ being ahle to a.rd the YIwS leas ;altne UP to Sats. day eyenisi tihe bodieshd nQk bsa foed,: -
- - STATE OF TpAD1P. MANCHESTERAtr. 23. 'Tha saf t irovenent which manifested itself on Tuesy as n uart ly los, .and the market isabout in the same state as this day week. -Heavy domettibe, k2cloths, and T.cIoths meet with but moderate attention; but -prices I are 4teady. The sam may bo said of 'pnnting cloths andI shirtings, but some hinds of' the former trre-inrathber better request than other fabrics. There is scarcely ro much doing in -nch sbirin as durng several past weeks, bat maUufacturers are well under contract for this descrintion of cloth, and una.Uing to make any abatement.. In yarns there is a demandfor the finernumbers of mule, both double and single, by- houses in the Russian trade, and the fornier inds are rallier dearer. For Germany and the Mediterra. ne.tthe business doing is bat moderate, 'like the home I demand; but for India there is very little inquiry. Generally speaking, the tone of the market is goo0d, and with light stocks and fair contracts on hand producers are able to sstain prices steadily in most descriptions of both cloth adyarn BIRE IN°4HA5l, AuG. 23. A slight improvement in the state and prospects of iheSouth Staffordshire iron trade has been observable. , Some moderately good orders have been received from the United States and.Northerui Enrope, and even the horne demand is sepresented to be upo,n the increase. -. The make e'f pigs is as great as ever. Good mine are realizing 41. iOn. par ton, but cinder pigs are not in great reqaest,and are being so:d at reduced rates. ' u a Therebasbeen a better demand for coal duringtShev ek. The increase has not been so much on the supply Ofth furnaces as for household purposes, to which the -South Staffordshire coal is best suited. Best Pelsall and BrownhilPs house coal can now be bought in Birmingha m at 12s. 6d. per ton; and large quantities now; find their-way into London at comparatively low rates. The copper rierchants state that the call for co4pner among the Birminohammanufacturers, if not-absolutely brisk, is upon the average quite equal. to the usual demand at this period of.the year. It is better than in the autumn of 1855, and further improvement, now the continental markets are again opened without the imposition of war restrictions, is confidently expected. Activity in the tinplatebusiness still continues, aind prices aro well maintained. In the neighbourhood of Wolverbampton, more particularly, this branch- of local trade is brisk, and large orders are under execution for Liverpool houses. Tho niext Government returns will, in all probability, show a great increase of exports. In Birmingham the factors as well as the. merchants represent that. although the demand fop Birmingham goods i: not unusually-good, there is little reason, Eeing that the country is just emerging from a war, for complaint. The expectations raised with regard to a continental demand for local manuffact2ces have scarcely yet been realized, but every v, eek brings au accession of ordeis from Gei-many, and at the present time extensive supplies are beirg sent, more particularly to the northern States. Satisfactory advices have arrived from Canada, and several houses are now actively engaged in getting up goods for, that trade. The chief improvement, however, inthe trade 'of Birrningham is observable in the home demand. The country trade is decidedlylooklngup, and so soon asthe harvestis gotin the ironmongers in the agricaltural districts anticipate a brisker au'umnal market for agricultural implements and tools than they have had for some years past. The manufacturers of heavy articles for domestic use are at the present time the busiest in Birmingham. The fire-grate and stove makers are for the most part full of work, and some of them have more on hand than they can well get through in the specifled time. For saddlers ironmongery there are good orders, and for some descriptions of military appointments there are en hand several continuous Government contracts. South American orders, also, for saddlers' ironmongery continue to keep the military branches pretty active. The reports from the iron foandries in tho contiguous districts continue to be favourable. AtWillenhall the lockmakers are fairly employed both on house-locks and military work. One or two of the largest nail and screw manufacturers in the neighbourhood have recently entered into lrge contracts for the supply of railway pins and bolts, and other specifications for similar supplies are in the market. The great ironfoundry firms at Dudley and Smethwick are comparatively active. It has been the suoject of remark :'nd regret that the half-day- holyday, which on a Saturday has been so generally adopted in other large towns fo the kingdom, is only very partially observed of Birmingham, but a renewed attempt will be made to accomplish this object. 'The directors of the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank-lng Company have issued a circular, ini which ,they announce a dividend of 10s. per share (oOl. shares, 101 paid up) for the half-year. This is the same amount of iidend paid last half-year. NSOTIGHAM, A7up. 2S. A few more buyers for the home trade have visited the lace warehouses this week than in several weeks previously, and a fair seasonable ainount of business has been done. Plain nets are again higher in price, and there is as great a difflculty as ever to procure sufficientto supply the demand. Muslin idgings and cotton quillings are greatly in request, while the supply of these things also is too limited. This is an old business revived. Further orders from the United States to a considerable extent have been received by recent mails, chiefly for plain goods. The hosiery trade continues satisfactory, the demand which set in last week being continued; and our manufacturers generally are wellemployed. Material and goods are very firm in price, higher rates rn]ing for all classes of hosiery than at any period during thse last 12 months. dvices by the last steamer from the United States confirm previous reports as to the brisk trade doing there. The Canadian buyers have now finished their selections for the winter, which are murh more limited than -usual for the,. season. The reason assigned for thiS is that, owing to the prosperous condition of the North American. colonies, farmers and others are tempted by the rapidly rising value of land to purchase estates beyond their means, forthepurposeof realizinw again in a while at a good profit. This is a means by which a great deal of money is being made, but in the meantime it withdraws capital from business, and makes it impossible for merchants to get in their accounts. It is believed that this state of thngs will seon work its own remedy, and that a good trade with the Canadas will be done next spring. i,EICESTER, AuG. 23. The demand for fanny goods bas this week improved, and a fair amount of business is doing in the glove trade. For regular hosiery there is a good demand, and workmen are, on the whole, well employed. The untoward harvest weather has had some influence on the buoyancy of the market, but both here and in the country districts trade has s'ightly improved since our last report. Wools are unaltered in value. A good deal is now doing in the worsted factories. Yarns are without change. GLOCESTEII, AuG. 23. 'WViththe returnofpeacethe tradeofthisportis nowrapidly recovering. During ,the war, and especially towards its close, the docks were almost entirely empty, and 'he ship canal presented a sad contrast to the forest of masts visible an this inlaud port immediately before the declaration of hostilities. The principal foreign imports into Glocester are of corn and timber from the Baltic and ports on the Euxine, and the trade from these places being stopped the consequences were felt severely. For some time after the proclamation of peace, too, trade languished, and it has not been until within the last few months that something like a revival bas been experienced. Considerable arrivals now take place weekly both of corn and timber, anid a fresh impetushas beengiven to both these branches of business. LEEDS, A,G. 23. The woollentrade continues steady. The reports from the warehouses state that there has been a fair attendance of buyers, and that they have purchased to a full average extent, chiefly goods for the winter trade. Mixtures and reversibles have liad the call by the London houses. There has been a rather brisk market in the cloth-halls this mnorning, and a good bulk of cloth, including most classes, has changed hands. Prices are firm, and have a slight upward tendency. The same may be said as to those of wool, the consumptive demand being equal to the supply. The xeport of the York wool fair held on Thursday last is as follows:- We had a good show, there being from 200 to 30O sheets, and a fair attendance of buyers. Good Wold clips maintained the prices at last fortnight's market. but inferior were a shade lower. Moor wool sold from 9s, 6d. to 103. 6d. per stone. Dockings and casts supported their prices, and a great deal was left unsold." 'The worsted trade at Bradford and Halifax has shown Eome improvement both as to yarns and piece goods, purchases of iboth having been m.de with more freedomn. Combing woo2s of which there is a good supply, are firm in price, and holders ppea unwilling to make any abatement. Short wools sel well, but the low kinds are less in demand, and in some instances small lots have been purchased on easier terms. DUBLIN, AUG. 23. The unseasonable weather has been of itself sufficient to eccasion a heavy tone in the markets and a dull state of trade. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 17,0951. against 16,6351. last week. BELFAST, AuG. 22. Linen.-In Armagh there was an.average supply, prices of lawvs unchanged; rough browvns, particularly low numbers, frmu, and mn some cases a slight advance. Lu(rgan was fairly supplied with all descriptions of goods at former prices, except low lawns and bird-eye diapers, which were scarce. In Ballymena there was rather a brisk demand for liens, but yarns continued dull. Linen Yarn.-Thlere is no alteration to notice either in demand or price. Flax.-The coumtry marketswerenearly bare of flax, and -consequetly little variation has occurred. Three more vessels with .1601 bales oI flax -have arrived from Riga, making in nll 2,6(0 tons received direct since the peace.
SUMMEP. ASSME& NORTEER-rT Clo=T. !IVERPOOL. AuGUST 2.3. - UROWN COURT.-(Beforc Xrr. Justice WILLE5.) The trial of Bctsy M'Mu]lan, for the wvilfut nirdes of her husband at Bolton on the 2d of Julylast, 'by adminis. tering to him small-doses of antimony - was continued- yesterday after our report left, and the foLowing additonal evidence was called :-- Mr. Overend. Q.C., and Mtr.' Sowler appeared -for the prosecution; and Mr. Serjeant Wilkins and MIr. Torr for the defence. Mr. Hugh Watson was exnained by llir. SoNvLsR. He said,-I am an analyticalchyanist, residing in Bolton, and I received on the 28th of Juie two bottles, one of which contained two drachbms of whbat was described to me as "medicine," and the other 650 grais of what-was called "tea." Itested both Lquids, and fonadjin each of them antinaony. I also received a powder which I found to be 1 610ths. of a grain. The powder v;as antimony, either entirely or chiefly. . On the 1st of July, -;r. Dorian brought to me three bottles of urine taken from the deceased at different periods before his death, and in each.I found a strong trace of amtimnony. The medicine contained at the rate of one grain of antimony to one. ounce of fluid. The powder brought by Taggart on. the 1st: of Jnly cbntained a large pioportion of. cream of tartar, to antimony On the following day -Mr. Harris brought to me seven bottles, and five jars, containing urine and part of the body of the deceased. The urine contained strong traces of anti. mony, and in portionis of the kidneys and liver I found a trace of antimony, the strongest traces being in the liver. In varions fluids taken, from the body, excepting in the mine, there were no traces of antimony. 3lr. Serjeant .Wrlm;ss.--It may save my learned friend trouble when I say that I don't dispute that antimony was found in the body. MIr. J. B. Xevins,- -of Liverpool, examined by 'r. OvarN.,, said,-'I am a physician. I have- heard the evidence given- to-day. I attribute -M`'Mullan's death to antinony in long-continued doses. -.I come -to that conclusion, because I have given animals small doses dailv, four times, until out of eight six have-died, and becausb the symptoms were like thosedescribed in thecase of 'IMullan. I have observed in every caso upon whith I ha-e experimented voniting was absent. Diarrhoaa was absent in some cases. Cramnp was not observed in every case. TEe sTmptoms which have been described here to-day, taken with the result of the nost mortce examination, are inconsistent with pesiro en&risi3, idiopathically. The liver in every case in which I have experimented, where the antimony has been given for four days, was congested, and the kidneys s'ometimes. In two or three cases there were inflammatiost and ulceration of the stomach, bat in others these symptoms were absent. A single dese of 30 grains of antimony would kill an adulb- but the grain dose given repeate-dly during the day for tbree wee'ks togther would be fatal. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant WsLKINS.-I never saw a death from poisoning by antimony. I don't know that what is good for a rabbit is poison for a man. I don't know that rabbits will eat hemlock. I never saw a rabbit vomit. r know they won't do so. I commenced my experimeits three weeks ago. Dr. Cameron said,-I am a physician to the Soutbbrn Hospital, and am a lecturer on medical- juisprudence in the Liverpool School of Mledicine. Have heard the evidence [to-day. I attribute MMullan's death to smaU repeated doses of antimony. The absence of spasms and diarrhoea does not lead me to change my opinion. The smallness of the dose of antimony would acconnt for the atsence both of diarrhcea and of the spasms. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant WUzi;s.-Cas&s of poisoning by antimony are very unfrequent, and I never attended one in mylife. The effects of antimony are uisally speedily met by antidotes. Any substance containing tamnins would be a proper antidote. I have lectured once on antimony, and that was in the last session, when Palmex's case was ont the is. }le-examined.-It is diffieult, when once it has gob; into the system, to get it out by antidotes. They only apply when the antimony is in the stomach. JosephIlardman, examined by Mr. SowaLM?, said,-l am an assistan to MIr. Simpson, druggist and grocer, Bolto2a. I bave served the prisoner with groceries, and I sold h,-r an emetic powder on Tuesday, the Ist of July. That iS the only one I remember. Cross-examined by Mtr. Serjeant Wirxns.-I don t remcmber that this woman bought "quietness" at our ssop.; I have repeatedly sold them to others. We hate let Bo?lton women have them frequently, but we have cautioned s;herm when we sold the powder to them. I Imow there is tartrised antimony i the "quietness" powder, and we kept four, nve, six, and seven made up together. I don't Lnow what they are for, only they say they want them for -heir husbands. I did not know that tartarized antimony was poison. I went from school to Mr. Simpson's shop. t am 19 years of age now. Mr. Simpson mixed them up, and I was to sell them. We charged Id. each for them. On the 1st of July, when she came for a "quietness" ,iowder, I asked her if she meant an antimonial or erietic powder. I was told to caution purchasers to give only oneffth part of a powder at-a dose. Mr. James Rt. Simpson,examined by Mr. RURNDExn said, -I am a grocerand druggist at Bolton, I have,seen; the prisoner onee or twice in my shop. I never sosd hei "quietness" powder. We never sel it under that`n4-ape. We make them up of 4grains of tartar emeticandlo gr,iuns of cream of tartar. -- : - Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant.Wrm-s.-The ts;itnessIS my only shopman to sel drugs. - I- dont-to my knowledge remember the prisoner coming for " quietness." I can't remember everybody coming into myshop. .I don't makethe 19-grain powders intofour, because itis the -a tie in the town to sell them in that quantity. --Theysre tsed by factory operatives to clear cotton from their stomaihs. I don't remember ever having seen a man come for these powders. We always tell nurchasersto divide each po -der nto four doses. We sell about five a-weelL. John 1ea, exazninedbyM-. SOE , said,-I am an cverlooker and carder at a factoryinBolton. I knewvthedece sed and his wife, who lived near us seven years agoain ?dyor's. street. I was on very friendly ternis with them. The deceased was a very decent fellow, hut sometimes got drpnk. I have talked with the prisoner in her house. She has ;oId me that she had been to a fortuneteller's to have her fortane told. She said, she would rather have the other man's finger than Dan's whole body. She referred to a mar she courted before M'MulIsn married her. Don't know thsbt I have ever seen that man. 31'Mullan and his wife differed very much through her going to this fortuneteller land telling her own fortune with cards and tea grains ia a L oss-examined by 31r. Serjeant W Xs.-I va3 asked to come here as a witness by Mr. Gaskell last Wednes- deohn Thornton said,-I am agent in Bolton to the Pniace of Wales Insoranmc Company, and on the 29th of Januarv, 1855, effected a joint insurance in our office for 1001. 5'he policy was for 31'Mullan and wife, and hehad paid six quar. terly payments of 11. ls. per quarter. Mary Avscough.-I live at Bolton, and used to dal with the deceased. Yre served meinhis shop afterthetimetlhat he was drunk- at the Archduke. Cross-examined by Mr. SerjesntWrLKnzs.-The prisoner always appeared to behave right. This was the case for the prosecution. M1r. Serjeant W sxaNs said he hoped his Lordship would not call on him at that hour-6 o'clock-for the iefence, for he felt physicoally ineapaitated from addressing the ur.Y His LosHsss said he would adjourn until 9 o'clock in the morning, and asked whether witnesses for the defence were to be caUed ? M1r. Serjeant Wrue-ss said he had many there, blat he had not yet made up his mind whether he should call any of them. The Court thenadjomned. The case was resumed this morning at 9 o'clock, Mr. Serjeant WmryI s then proceeded to address the 3uaxy for the defence. The learned counsel commented in severe terms on the practice-which bad been proved to prevahl in Bolton of selling these " quietness" powders, whieh *COtained the poison of antimony, sold indiscriminately, as they appeared, to be to ignorant women and by stupid anid ignorant sbo- boys. The prisoner had done that -wicb! was done by other women of that town-purchased 'hat whisa was commonly sold for the purpose to give to her -husband after his drunken fits. He denied that she knew-that these powders contained antimony, orany poison. What m6tiv;e could she have for getting rid of her husband?- HEe co-n tended that the evidence of tho servant girl Hutton was not to be relied upon, and that the evidence that she had carried on an illicit intercourse with another man had entirely failed. The evidence that the deceased and the p±isonerlivi d on bad terms together. resolved itself into two or three quarrels spoken of during the 17 yeas that they had been married. If his Lordship should be of opinion that administering a deadly posson, though in:ignorance of its. sffects, woula necessarily make the prisoner guilty of spasslaugbter, he should not insult the learned judge nor i ide -with the jury by endeavonring to controvert;that posi,ion What, however, the -prisoner had'done shelhad dos e in ignorance. She did not know -what antimony was; and he submitted that the only verdict which the jury could retur. on the evidence would be one , of manslaughter. He douia not deny that, even if the deceased had died of. g6striienterstiv, the administering to him of antinmonywouldaoele:rate his death, and -that would --be msnslaughter. jThe prisoner, when she administered- -these rpowders to, her busband, thought she was doing a good, tfough it was a-a illegal act, for the consequences of which she would be reTsonsible. , I Htis LoRSs1P then proceeded to sum up. He said, whatever the result of this care might be, it could not' fail to be a great satisfaction that the matter had been, 'ably dir -' cussed by the counsel on both sides. The duty of the i-rg wiis to inquire into the cause of the deceased's death, and, if they thought itwas caused by the act of the; pri. sonar intentionaUy done t6 do the ' deceased harm; the.? must find the prisoner guilty of murder. If, on the con. trary, they thought she had administered to her husband, without his knowledge, a drug with the purpose, not:oE doing him harm, but t6 cure hin-of drunkenness, then theyrmust find her guilty of manslaughter. He wislied to srtatib that 'no woman had a right, whether for good cr e7il, Rto administer doses of any drugnto hwer hisbasid -vithout his knowledge and consent, It. was contm,3y t) at, and might lead to the worst results -to - thes husbauid by- destroving his constitution, and -inighli; end- in dosing him -to death, :t was suggested tha!; the mnan's death might have resulted from the administrp3 tion of what was called " quietness." The word was a-most. suggestive one, and was appropriated to a substance the effect of which was to produce a dulnsseof the vital powers, and which' might peoceed to greater -lengths, and, inxtcAt d producing the l"quietness' of sobriety, might pioduce the " quietness" - of death. Turning to. tne fact3 of the case, were they satisfied thai' tho administration of antimony causled or. accelerated the death of the deceased? If so, were they satisfied that it was -adrcinistered by the prisoner; and if so, with an evil in-' I tention ? If so, then their only duty was to find her guilty of the entire charge. Even without that intention if administered without the knowledge of the husband, she would be guilty of manslaughter.. His Lordship then went carefuUly through the whole evidence. The Jury retired, and, af tera long absence, returned with. a verdiet o} Guilty of manslaughter, but they desired to say they had taken a mercifnl view of the case. The prisoner was then called upon to receive her sen. tence. His LOPmDP addresing her said,-Betsy MA'Mullan, you have been convicted of the manilaughter of your own husband, which you appear to havo. effected by repeated doses of a poisonous drug,&and you gave him. those doses, not' ouly when well and out of the doctor's hands, but also when under the doctor's hands. It appears that at Bolton a practice exists of giving husbands doses of this descrip. tion. I know not what other women who have been present at this trial may think, butto me nothing can be 'so. repugnant to all mutual feelings of confidence and kindly affection between husbandand wife. The idea thatawoman, lyingonaman'sbosom, and almost breathing his breath, should be guilty of such acts seems t o me perfectly ter-' rible. In yourcase the jury haveacquitted you of the grafe. charge of murder, and they have expressly said " thab they have taken a merciful view of . your case." The prerogative of mercy does not rest with the jnry; that is a matter for the Crowvn; but I take -the expression of the opinion of the jury to be that the evidence in your case, though very strong, is not sufficient to satisfy their minds that you aro guilty of murder. Fot' myself, I confess, if I were now to pronounce sentence,; my 6wn feeling is that, in order to prevent your. doing any; mischief for the remainder of'your life, I should sentence you to transportation for that,p-iod; but I think it better to consult my notes and brother judge in the first instance, and I shall not therefore sentence you until Monday. The learned Judge then raisitg his voice and addressing @be body of the Court, said,-I likewise think it right to Stiato, that if Mr. Simpson or any other personengaged in the sale of drugs chooses to sell to married women such poison. oenq drugs without the knowledge of their husbands, and weL knowing that they are intended to be administered to their husbands, no matter for wh-.t purpose, and death ensues, I repeat that Mr. Simpson and all others so acting are equally guilty of manslaughter. William Brower, a pilot, and Wiliam Shaw, mate of the Excelsior steamship, wvere indicted for the manslaughter of hichael Doran, on the 16th of July last, at LiverpooL lIr. Temple, Q0C., and Mr. Blair-prosecuted; Mr. Monk and Mr. Brett defended the prisoner Brower, and Mr. Aspinall appeared for the other prisoner. From the opening of the case by the learned counsel for the prosecution it appeared that the prisonerBrower was engaged as a pilot on boardtheExcelsior steamship on the6th of July last, and the prisoner Shaw as mate, and on that day, by their improper management of the vessei, they ran into the Mail steamship coming from Dublin, and caused the death of Michael Doran,'a passenger on board, and nine other persons, as wel as seriously injuring others. The prosecution was founded on the Admiralty regulations and the Merchant Seaman's Act (the 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 104). Under these regulations it was the duty of veassel entering orx going out of rivers to keep the starboard side of the stream, and when there was any danger of a coLision for each vessel to portthe helm. On the day in question the Mail had roeinded the lighthouse and was entering the Mersey, and had just passed a steamer at anchor, and was coming upthe Cheshiresideoftheriver,which washerrightside, when the Excelsior was seen coming down the MAersey a quarter of a mile off. Her lights were so seen that it was evident she was starboarding her helm and that there must be a collision. The engines of the Mail were stopped and the Excelsior was hailed, but a colDision became inevitable, and that vessel ran into the port bow of the Mail, sutting the deck up, and killing the deceased and several other men, who were asleep under the spar deck. On that occasion the prisoner Brower acted as the pilot of the Excelsior, and Shaw was the mate and kept the deck watch. The Excelsior had just been taken out of dock, and, instead of going down the starboard side of the stream, had been stee-ed down the middle, and her helm starboarded just before the colision took place. In this the learned connsel contended two breaches of duty had been committed. The vessel ought to have gone down the starboaTd or Lancashire side of the stream; if she had this collision could not have happened; and whenthe coDlisionbecame inevitable the 1Eceisior ought to have ported her helm. These breaches of duty h.ad led to the unfortunate coLlision which took place, and to the death of the deceased, for which the pilot w as crimialy responsible as havigthe conduct of the vessel and the mate as having the look-out and command on the deck at the time. Tbe case having gone on for some time broko down on the fact as to gross and wilful negligence, necessary to beproved. to constitute the crime of manslaughter, and the pnrsonerA wrere therefore Acquitted. Several other charges a,gainst them of the same nature, arising out of the same colision, were not proceeded with. This case concluded the criminal business of the assizes, and his LosD We' proceeded to try common jury causes. Cia-sL Cou=R.-(Before Ar-. Basion BBA-wiELaa.) GREENWOOD ASD ANOTHER V. TIIE EAST LASCASMTh RAInWAY COMPANY. In this case lMr. Pickering, and Mr. Manisty were for the plaintiffs, and Mr. ugh Hill, Mr. Segar, and Mr. Riley, for the defendarts. The plaintiffs in this case were merchants at Colne, in Lancashire, and the action was against the defendants for having improperly delivered some goods to a person nmed Ilodgin, a commission agent at MIanehester. It appeared that the gGods had been sent on the 27th of March last to the Salford station, " to be left till called for." It was proved that' the plaintiff had been in the habit of consigning goods to Hodgin for sale on commission, accompanied by a delivery order to Hodgin, upon production of which to the company Hodgin had obtained the goods consigned to him. Upon this occasion, the consequence of Hodgin being in embC ed circeimstances, the goods had not been consigned, nor had any delivery order been sent to him. It appeared that the plaintiffs had been to Hodgin's, at Manchester, on Saturday, the 31st of March, and the following Tuesday, when he had received 2501. in cash and 1501. in checks, which were dishonoured on the following day. The defendants contended that the bargain between the plaintiffs and Hodgin was that Hodgin w;as to have the goods at once, while the plainstiffs contended that Hodgin was not to have the goods unless the checks were honoured. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs-Damages 1331. HARDWICK V. SE-GM. This was an action for seduction, to which the defendant pleaded "M Not Guilty." Mr. Serjeant Wilkins and Mlr. Brett appeared 'for the plaintiff; -Mr. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. Aspinall for the defendant. It appeared from the opening statement of the learned serjeaut that the pLaintiff is a widow in humble circumstances, having four daughters, three of whom are respectably married. The youngest daughter, Ellen, was about 20 years of age, and had been in selvice at Mrs. Massey's, the Old Swan, near Liverpool, as barrnaid, where the defendant first became acquainted with her. The defendant is a collector of taxes. 'After 'paying her much attention ancd taking her out to walk with him, he promised her marriage, and succeeded in effecting her ruin. She became pregnant, and on telling him of it he wished her to go with him to Paris to see the Exhibition. On one occasion he gave her half-a-sovereign to purchase baby's clothes, but with that exception had refused to do anything for her, or to give any money when she was in the greatest distress after her confinement. This action was brought by her motner for the loss of her services, but the jury were not. restrained to that niggardly amount in the verdict they might choose to give. -The learned counsel then caled'the plaintiff's daughtei, a very quiet, respectable, and good-looking girl, wh.se demeanour had an evidently preossessing effect on the Court. Ellen Eardwiek, examme.-Is the daughter of the plaintiff, who is a widow. Three of her sisters are married. She is 19 years of age. She knew the defendant; he isa collector of taxes for West Derby. She first knew him four or fiveyears ago, when she was livingwith Mr Massey; and she afterwards went into service with a Mr& Denby. He did not then continue to pay her attentions. In December, 1854, she wenit home to wait on her mother, who was ill. One day she met Mr. Shimming- in the street, and he asked her leave to come to her mother's house, and he came. He took her to see his sister. Mr Smith, who lives on the London road, and is a publlcan. He used to tell her he never cared for anybody but her. Her mother approved his calling to see her, but hersster did not. Onorse occasion she received a message to go to Mrs. Smith's, his sister, to see him; he had got a situation for her. She went, and he said he only left the message to deceive her sisters. He a ked aher I to goacross toBeck Ferryv4thhito, and she went. In two or 'three days she received a message to go to his office,: wanted to see her. She w ent over to hais office in 1' into the office and ho locked the door. She did n,,jty lik sywhat he did. She had a child on the 16th -,f " ..uiary, 1.5. The defendant was the fathier of thinhild. Jitisfirst intimacy wv~ith bet was at his office on thait ocdasion, at thle latter endl of MUarch, 1555. He on that occaiAont pro'maised' her marriage. In April sh ent to his lodgings, he basing sent for her, and the same 'thing happeed again. She went on another occision to the theatr,epwith him, and 'he asked her to go with him to arH6zud's house.) She, wenLt -with him and said it lookted liked an hotel. He said it wvas one. A woman came.and, he as,ked for sumis . wine, and the woman nakedl them to go,up stairs to the sit.. ting-rooM. It was~a bedroom, r.nd the -shine thing happened again. Afterwards she met him and tol& him Ihowas. iii the familyway, and.he asked her to go winth him to the~ Exhibitioni in Paris, and she refused, and. said -she did nol .want to go to any exhibitions. .She told him she did not know what to do. He laughed and puat it off, and"'told hb would. see her when he came back from' Bna .but'he never came near her. In October shie etto~ see him,' and after some difflculty got to see hm and tod him- she wanted halfa-asoveresgu, send he gavehe one inexi day. She wanted it for baby's clothes. He said he would call and see her in a week-, but he never calledl again; athe, 16thx of January the child was born. She sentn fof him,and ecam. Heaske herwhyshe had not rent~ to hina mnthbefre,andhewoud hve entherouttothe cosstry Shtol himshehadnoting otace o, nd ot a bie t pu inher out, ad hd nohin bu agassof. c&I waer n he abl athe sie, he ai sh coldnot 'o there and die. He said; he did not care' whether .she did or not. He. said. -she ought to have come to him a month before, aid he would have sent her to the Isle of Man, that.he did not like her having the child. * s,near hislacefof business. He went out and gave her n9thing. She afterwards sent to him-forhalf-a-crown and sid she was ashamed for the doctor to see her-she had nothing. He refused to give her anything. She then tod him she would go before amagistrate and father the child aud he said she was too noor-hey would not hear her. IShe said she woul3d see whether thev would or not. Shs went, and they ordered him to pay s 6fd. per week. He told her to m eu p her mind as to what she wvanted, as he wss going to be married and did not.want to see her again. He gave her nothing. Cross-examined-Her motherhad never told herthst Mr. 1ember-on, her attorney, was going -on with the action against her. will; but Mr. Shimmmg had said that she would get nothing, and -Mr. Pemberton would put her in gaol for tl;e costs. She had heard M1r. Shimming had marnied some young lady in Everton twvo or tlhree months ago. Her mother was a charwoman and took in waahing. Her mother told her that Mr. Pemberton woald have Mr. Shimming in the Queen's Bench for distraining on him for taxes, She left the Old Swan- because it was a very hard place, and was not discharged. She had not been turned away for drunkenness from one place, nor discharged- at all. She knew no persoa named Brown, She never vas in Horton's xbefore-or- in any house there: She did not know the nature of the house at alL She did not know a nam- named- Dockray, a steeplechase rider. She had heard the name of Samnel Darlington. He never made love to her. ' She wished the learned counsel would send for those men. She had never been charged with light conduct. She - did no'! kiow Lewis Lyon, except by name; nor Thomas Barry at alL The earned counsel - for the defendant here had a rather lengthened consutation with his client, who seemed to yield a most reluctant assent. - - His LonDsrP.-I don't mind saying out aloud, after there names have been called out, and have been met with a downright denial of the charge imputed, the defendant wl be suro to take ynur advice. Afr. Ser eant Wirn;s.-I wonder he did not ask if the poor girl did not know a whole regiment. - The defendanlt then reluctantlyassented to averdict-Damages, 501. HiS6 RDsmsP.-People are never satisfied If the case had gone to the jury, thexe would have been 2001. or 300l. damages. The defendant attempted to say something in answer to his Lordship. His LousBscp.-Hold your tongue, Sir, or I will send youto prison. _ - -
LAW I?EPORT. SOWIHAMITTON. FRID AT 29. . ;,,2 Y. Wli, , 1!XA1 VA-X PTlCON OP SCIENCE AND ART. (Before Yic-Uhan,cWor Sir IR T. XIN-DnSZRy.) linae was a o1 ilded by the plaintiff, on behalf of himself and al the other proprietors of, the Royal Panopticon in Leicester-square, to restrain, the defendants, Richard Massey, Samuel Guzney, and John Willson, who claimed to bs mortgagees of. the Royal Panopticon building, apparatus, and machinery, and the two latter of whom were members of the council, from proceeding to a sale thbreof by auction, which was advertised t4 take place on the 25th inst., and seeking to have it declared that the several mortgages were illegal and void as . against.the corporation ind the proprietors of stock. It appeared that the corporation was incorporated by a charter in 150, and constituted; by a subsequent deed of settlement in December, 850. Mr. T. TERRELL, for the plaiutiff, contended, on several grounds, that the mortgages were respectively invalid, and especially that there was no authority in the charter or the deed of settlement to confer on any mortgagees a power of sale. MIr. Beales appeared for Er.. Massey, but the other defendants, although served with notice, did not appear. The VicE-)Hsa=ELLon decided that an injunction ought to be granted. He did not consider it necessaryto enter, at that stare of the cause, into all the questions that had been raised with respect to the validity of the mortgages, but it appeared to him clear that neither the deednor charter conferred on the council any authority to give to any xmortgagees a power of sale, especially where the general meeting of the proprietors, the sanction of which was necessary to give valhiay to a mortgage, had sanctioned a mortgage only, and not a sale. As to the fixtures and apparatus, the mortgage deed under w;hich MIr. Massey claimed required, before any sale could be made, a three months' notice to be given under the hand of the mortgagee; .but in this case the only notice given was signed by his solicitor on his behalf, and under such a notice it was plain that the power to sell had not arisen.
POLICB. ALUNS5ON-HOUsM- The LOD MAYOR was engaged during the whole of Saturday in the further investigation of a charge cf conspiracy and obtaining large sums of money by false and fraudulent pretences, preferred by Mr. John Walker, corrugated iron merchant, of Arthuar-street-west and Millwal], against Mr. George Fossey, who has for some years past carried on an extensive business as a timber merchant in Ferry-road west, MuiwalL The defendant surendered in discharge of his bail, and Williamn Weary, formerly a clerk in the service of the prosecutor, and who was a short time since committed to the Central Criminal Court for trial for embezzling the monevs of his employer, was also charged with being concerned in the conspiracy. The latter defendant, for whose apprehension a warrant had been issued at the last examnation hut not executed, surrendered, and was formally given into the custody of Brett, the detective officer, who has for some time past been assisting the prosecutor in the detection of the alleged frauds..- The court was densely crow-ded with persons engaged in mercantile pursrdts, and the proceedings excited a degree of interest rarely exhibited in courts of justice. Mr. Bodkin, instructed by Mr. Turner' of the firm of Sole, Turner, and Co., again appeared for the prosecution; Er. Ribton appeared for Fosey; and Mr. - Lilley and Mr. Pearce for Neary, instructed by M'r. Binns. The depcositions taken on the forer occasion having been Mr. Randal Stapp said,-I am in the employment of the prosecutor, and was so in 1S53. I was cashier in that year at the counting-house in Arthur-street. It was part of my duty to post the ledger. Neary was an under-clrk in the counting-house. f It was his duty to copy the entries from the receiving books into the bought book, and he could not properly make any entry in the bought book unless it was ma the receiving book. The items referred to in September, 1853, all aposar in the bought book. The item on the 1st of Septemher, 1853, of "8 yellow boards. 221. 6s. 3d." is in Neary's handwriting, as well as those of September the 22d. 341. 11s. Gd.; " 50. yellovv bat.tens," ill. 9s. 2d. Tne latter item is entered twice-one of the entries being interlined. On the 26th of September there is an entryo" 30 yellow boards," bl. 6s. 3d, which is also interhued. On the 28th of September there is entry of " 100 14 feet spruce deals," 21. 17s. Gd.; and on the 29th "270 inch boards,"S 331 4s. 2d. Cross-examined byMr. Lilley.-I was in the prosecutor's employment in 1852, when Neary was there also. My duties were principally in Arthur-street, but I used occasionally to go to Muiwall to look over whatwas doing. All the entries in the book are not in my handwriting. There was another clerk also engaged in Arthur-street. I find other interlineations in the book. The prosecutor is my brother-in-law. I did not examine the delivery notes, but looked at the accounts for the purpose of ascertaining the prices. I trusted to Weary as to the quantities, having no time to do it myself. Re-examined by Mr. Bodkin.-I had charge of the cash department, and entered the accounts from the ledger which was posted from the bought book. Neary's duty was to keep the bought book accurately, and to enter into it from the iedger. I always took for granted that he made correct entries. It was his duty to enter the delivery notes into the bought-book. We did not keep any order book. The prosecutor was then further examined, azd, producing the bought book, said-In this book there is an entry on the 5th of September of 200 boards. In the receiving book that entry is 200 boards, 3,164ft., and the delivery note is the same,-that . means fee run. In the bought book there is an entry, made by another clerk named Holland ; but in the figures, which are in Near's writing, it is charged as super feet, which occasions an overcharge of 71.5s. In the receiving book, on the 5th of September, 10,925ft. of timber are entered, which entry indicates feet run - but in the, bought book it is chaged as super feet, wiAch makes an excess of charge of 271. 1s On the 7th of September there is an entry of 1,S12ft., which indicates feet run, which is monoyed out as super teet in Neary's writing in the bounht bookand this makes an overcharge of 41. is. 7d. On tEa 8th of September I find an entry of 1,S73ft. ran, which is moneyed out by Neary as super feet in the bought book-, which occasions an overcharge of 41. 4s. 3d. (in the 9th of September I find anentryof 6,077ft. ran entered inthe delivery book, and moneyed out in the bought book at an excess of 131. 13s. 6d.. This entry has also been altered byNeary is' to the description of the goods. 'I find on the same d,y ar, entry of 1,795ft., which by being ofltered in the bougtht book makes an excess or 41. Os 9. On-the 23d there is ar' entry in the recevinmg hook of 2,016ft., which has beenI moneyed out I.- N'eqrv ot an excess of 6. Os lld. There is on +th .- day another entry of 2,040i run, which is n aeyedout at an excess of 41. 1ls 10d. On the 26th t_.re :z an entry of 1,329ft. 'run, which is moneY&! ors by Merxy at an excess of 31 3s. 4d. On the 2Yth there is an entry of-1,829ft. ruin, which is moneyed out at an excess of 41. 2s. 4d. The whole of these items arc iclnded n my account, which was paid by my bill of c baneo toFoszey, and they correspond with the bought bwk. oCrss-examined by Mr. Ribton.-I left the k:eeping of my books to my clerks. I have dealt withFossey to the extent of somea thousands of pounds for several years. - I com- rounded with mny creditors in 1854. I think I then owedhim about 3,2001., upon which I paid 15s. in the pound. I on'ed hii that suim upon the assumptionthat the accounts were coarect, but I dispnte their accaracy. Since that titue I bavo had dealings with him. lr. Ribton.-hfr. Fossey has lately beenibankrapt, has he .not? Prosecutor.-Yes. Mr. Ribton.-And his assignees are now s*ung you? Prosecutor.-Yes. Mr. B.ibton.-For the money that was dut to him ? Prioseutor.-No; for an alleged balance which they say [s due, but which I dispute. A sum was.cliamued of about 7,0001. alleged tobo due from meto Fos-ey..- Cross-examined by Mr. Lilley.-I cainot tell -whether a.n rder book was used in 1853 atmy premises at Mlllwall. W amperfectl5 aequainted with the manner in whith my bvsiness was conuuctedin Arthurstreet. The bought books were kept onalternate days, and i.t as Mear's duty to ecopy the entries £rom the receiving bools irtto iv ibougt book:. The delivery notes were sent with' th6Yeceivnn books. I am unable to say how the mone-yigbit of th;eamonats was carried out by Neary as far as Foam wasbeon: cerned, hut with other persons it wonidbefroie accounts 'delivered, tmlessit was an amount that had been previousl gontrasted for, The money was entered from the 'invoice. It is the custom of the trade itocharge feet ru= as feet super. It does not dci en,d apon the size of the article whether it is charged is' supoer dr run-, -The'width of the timber has nothung pt do d whethe rin4al measureeist: yOders aro -sometimes given, as: to:, r55O57 b53titot iflvrablg---,In~ many instsaces the price of the buttens is agreed>tspnor -Somfe{iim es Mr. Sthpp mad e the ,agreement, :an d some tunes aniother clerk named -Jakson. 7 '-'~ - 3r. iBodkin.-You-have betn.-ask6d somc iestionc aibot your position, and whectberyou-have dealt to-the amount of thousands with FosSey_v-*.- P'rosecutor.-I have. , MSr. Bodldn.-Have your deliiins wiith him entended over a long period of time 9 - Prosecutor.-They hive. MLr. Bodkin.-As far as-youhave .esminedyouracooiit5, do you find that this system of fraud has existed durin 1he whole of that timce? .. . th' Prosecutor.-I do. - ' Mr. Ribton.-I objec6 to that question. Mr. Bodkin.-Why? . etn! Mr. RIibton.-1 never beforehard - such aquestion6ut. You are here to support certain nstances of fraud, andyou canTdo so butoI ent-ely object to atsweeping nuestiosaof that descrthion.q. i 3Mr. .Bodldn.-You put* questions to Mr. W?alker -wth reppect to his osition, and asked him whether he had mi peounded with his creditors, andI Itherefore t-hink I-am perfectryiusfo5edin showing the p eason vyhich comnelled him to do so., i The LOP.D MAiYOR.-! do not thinkc there is anynecCdssty to pursue tuhat inquiry. The prosecutor paid los its-the pound., I thmnk thatc a man who has-compounded wst1s ins creditors for 1DSs. in the pound may well, hold his: bed up against any imputation. - - Mr. Bodfkin (to the prosecutor).-Do you now deal Iwith the gentlemen. with whom you compounded for lSs. in the pound. Prosecutor.-With many. Mr. Bodkin.-I believe that a large demand has been made upon you by Porsey's assignees? 9 - Prosecutor.-There ha Mr. Bodkin.-Which you have been advised to resist, and ace resisting 9 Prosecutor.-Yes. Mlr. Bodkin.-You heve been .sked vhether NIearyhss been already committed for tial,- was that in reference to any of these cases at all31 Prosecutor.-No; he was my clerk, and was committed for trial upon a charge of embezzlement, which had notliiig whatever to do with the present tnuisactions. I first 'received information -of the mainner in which I had been defrauded from Mr. Steel about a month ago, and I iimmediately acted upon the information. Mr. T. J. Steel was then recalled, and, on cross-examination by Mr. Ribton, said,-I knew the quantity of timber sent to Mr. Walker's premises from instructions froim;lis clerk or himself, the orders being given verbally. I- some: times made an entry of the quantity in a book at the time, but not always. Sonle of the delivery-orders are in my handwriting. One of these, which has been substitutet for a genuine one, was soiled by me in order to make it appDear old. I made out the invoices. The proseoutor somepmes paid Fossey by check and sometimes by bills of exchange, which vwere paid at maturity. I generally took the bills to a bill-discounter, who discounted' them. I pri.pijially managed the cash transactions of Fossey. Messrs. Williams, Deacon, and Co. were his bankers. Ihad no private'bank-er of my own, but my father hid. I always paid the 'proceeds of the bills in to Fossey's bankers. I know a 'rson named Hancock; he was formerly clerk to the firm Fossey and Steel witness'sfather). Ibelieve that Fosseygave instrmctions to Hancock nottopaymoneytome.Iosseyneverthreatened to prosecute me for embezzlement. He never charged me with having received a sum of 1301. and with having paid only 201. of it to his account at his banker's. Such a charge is quite foreign to me. I constantly carried blank checks in my pocket for the pu2sos of meeting-the engagements of the arm Inever filled up the bLank checks for a larger amount than I was authorized to do, but if I wanted to draw 51. for my own private use I did it. I never appropriated any of the money of the firm to my own use. Fossey never charged me with having'embezzled a sum of 5001. I never was charged with embezzling money by anybody in my life. I never admitted to Bossey that I had embezzled money belonging to him, and promised him that my father would make up the deficiency if -he -would not prosecute me. I know the finn ot Dalton and Son. I never appropiated to my owrn use money that I received from tnemeu bhalfof the finn.' Mr. Ribton.-Did not Mfr. Dalton threaten to nrosecute you? Witness.-I have heard that Mr. Dalton came down and threatened to prosecute the 'firm, but I never heard that he threatenedl to prosecute me. In 1855 -we kept a dock stock-book relating to spars and timber lying in the docl;s. Mr. Dalton applied to me for some spars, and on referring to the stock-book I found there were spars lying in the dock to the credit of Fossey and SteeL I gave Mr. Dalton a dock-order for aquantity of these, amounting to t-o or three floats, and! omitted at the time to tick the entry off on the credit side of the stock-hook. Another clerk also omitted to tick it off. Subsequently a Mr. Bourn called, and I, thinking that the timber was still in stoek, sold itoto him, and gave him a dock-order for the same quantity for which I had given a previous order to Mr Dalton. Mr. Ribton.-Did you ever give Hancock a gold breastpin as a bribe to prevent him from exposing you for embezzlement ? Witness-Never. Mr. -Ribton.-Did yoe ever give him a breastpin? Witness.-Yes; I gave him many things. Mr. Ribton.-Did you telhbim that that was for the purpose of his not exposn you? Witness.-No. I did it out of pure charity. I gave him a neckerchief to put round his neck, and I gave him a pin to wear in it. I did it because he was badly off, and I wanted to encourage him. Mr. Ribton.-Iu November, 1855, did not Mr. Fossey break open your desk? Witnes.-HIe did. Mfr. Eibton.-And take out the check-book? Witness.-Yes. Mr. Ribton.-And other books? Witness.-Yes, Mr. Ribton.-And lock them up? Witness.-Yes. Mfr. Ribton.-And did he not order you to quit the premises? Witness.-Never. Mr. Ribton.-He did all this, and yet alowed you -to remain? Witness.-Most decidedlr. Mr. Ribton.-Why did he do that? Witness.-I can't tell why. Mr. Ribton.-Did he not charge you with embezzling money ? Witness.-Never. My own father was his partner at the time, and he can prove the same thing. Mr. Pibton.-Did you ever make alterations in the cashbook? Witness.-Sometimes I have done so; for instance, I bave paid a man 17s. and only put down 7s. at the time, and perhaps half an hour afterwards I have put the figure 1 before the 7. I never made a fraudulent entry in the cashbook, Mr. Ribton (handing a book to the witness).-Is that entry of 21. 9s. ld made by you? Did you alter the figure 1 into 2? Witness.-I swear that Idid not. Mr. Ribton.-In whose handwriting is it! Witness.-I presume in Mr.'Hancock's? Mr. Ribton.-Upor your oath (and Mr. Hancock is here), was not that alteration of I into 2 made by you ? Witness.-Most decidedly not. Mr. Ribton.-Did hfr. Hancock ever charge you with having made that alteration? Wibudss-llever. Mr. Ribton.-Upon one occasion did you receive two checks, one for 2001. and another for 3001., from a Mr. Stevens, crossed" Wlliams and Co." Witness.-I might have done so. MEr. Ribton.-Vere Messrs. Williams and Co. the bankers of the firm? Witness.-Yes. MIr. llibton.-Have you not altered the crossing "Williams and Co." to " London and Westminster Bank ," Witness.-Yes. 3Ir. 3ibton.-And paid the check to your father's account at the Borough branch of that bank ? Witness.-Oh l yes; frequently. Mr. Bodkin.-His father was ossey's partner at the' time. -Mr. Ribton.-Never mind that. hat is the mostimportant answer I have yet got. 'The LoBD MAY0oR.-You say that you have frequently altered the crossing of checks Witness.-No, I frequently paid Stevens's checks into my father's private account, and perhaps once, twice, orthree times Ihave altered the crossing from "Williams and Co." to " London and Westminster Bank." TheLLORD NAYOp.-Messrs. Williams and Deacon were the bankers of the firm, and the London and Westminster the bankers of your father ? ness.-Yes. LORD MAYOR.-Your father being a partner in the Fossey and Steel? -Witn«es%-Yea Cioss-examined by Mr.LiUiev.-Fossey is my uncle. I firs, communicated to Mr. Walker the information I posaeEes&szespecting the frauds which had been committe apon him nbout a month ago. - Mr. Turner (solicitor for the prosecution).-! have 'the origiasl letter written bythe witnesstothe prosecutor at my office, and will produce it if necessary. r'. IUiley.-Did you-make a communication verbally to M-. WValkerbefore yoihrcommunicationinwriting ' Witness.-Mr. Walker charged me with havin known certain facts ind so on, and I acknowledged it. ihe conversation between us took pLace at my own timber-yard it Millwal- When Nearywaabronght to the Mansion-hous upon the charge of embezzing money belonging to Mr. Walker he'asked me to bome bail for his appearance, btt I declned doing so. I tively swear that I never askela him to keep secret anything he knew of me. I neverwasked him not to disclose ning he knew of my character. I swear that I never told him not.to let out any of may old tricks. I never showied a man named Marsh any books tha Re-examined SyMir. Bodkn.-My father joined Fosseyr in -partnership in Januay 1 855. He ws the moneyed partner, and embarked 1,&000. in the hb,siness. At the timeo r eceived checks; crossed "Williams and C6." and paid them to may fahrsprivate acour n ifeec existed between him and Fose'y -they were perfectly amicable with each oter. I paid the chocks to my father's account by his desire. - - - mr. Bodin sid be had -ow completed'his ca - The'LORD M&a p-have udp yid to renad thIs case before anote rbnL~ 'Mr. Itibtox-'and Mr. L.illey then Addressed the Lord Mayor oDn behalf of their, respectve clients, and contendell s utterly unworthy of belief.'le - The I u MRAbYoR, after conAsulting for a shottie^ wt 'mErX Goodman, the chief clerk,'said,-TheleaAued g$entlenrce ,on both sides have done their best to threw aIl possble I light -upon the case, but I must set, *thout -at all wishing to speculate upon what maybe the xesut elsewhere, tbat this is precisely one of those cases which it is Ay bounden duty to sendfor trial. 1 think that. a mnagia. trate shorld hesitate a very long 'tiune before -eerding a doubtful case for trial which. night by chance-coier the _ErEons cha a -ed with obloquy and, end -=in acquitta.L I ttn i -k ht w ere questioaE of charwcter anid questions of accusation are concerned, depending wholly'ipon ta:mted evidence, one ought to hesitate much before rindiing thematter for trial; but when a casoe of thi -description' is brought forward supported -iy -evidence au EIby dopa nentar proof showing reason4le:groundof knowledge -of Theb frauds on theFart of thepersons clarged, tad. the oertainti of their having received the moneyisppwed:tWhkveresultedfrom them, I- consider that I ilhla neglect my dt if I did not send the case-for frtherinv estigation. -giveno-opinionas to whether Steel acted rightly or wrongly in paTing checlos of the firm to his father!s: privste aocount- bat I can readily fancy that he, being tle sehint 'both of - Fose snd Steel, was authori ed to do as he diLd. Me might or migat not have been justified in the tourse he sadote aInd I do not think, as far as that tranusacton goes, that the character of the witness is in, any way whatever affected. The Lord Mayor then,.after thei sual caution, .isled the defendants whether they wished to Bay anything in answer tothe charge. :ossey.-! am not guilty; I reserve nmy defence. Keary.-I reserve my-defence. ' - - - The Prisoners were then fully cornmitted for triaL. The LOBD MAxO. said he would accept bail for the prisoners' appeaanice at the Central Oxiniinal Court.' They miust enter into their own recognsazices in`SO., and find two sureties in 25i- each. - Fossey gave the required beil; but Meary, who was u- provided vithsureties-was ta to priso. ! - ilir. Bodkin said that, in addition to thb present bharpe, it was the intention of the prosecutor to prefer a bill of indictment against Fossey and Neary for obhtaining mnoney under false pretences, which wasatransportaie offence. i G;DMIL-Georo Thomnas, alias Ba- o-- Renry BlRlyer, ana'hessiger, were, on Iem ,arg with stealing letters from various vost.offlce- receiinghousesin differentpartsofLondon. - The prisoners were again remandeda - - - lVonrr.srnunr.-Tuhn Walsosi, a middle-aged man of decentspnekrance, wran charged with obhtanng goods under false preteuces. A remand was asked for, as other such charges wvnld be forthcoming against the pr.soner, and he was therefore remanded till that dssy week, tonfford timefortheirproduction. CLERXENXWELL-The court was excessively crowded by respectable hotelkeepers ind housekeepers in yarious parts of London, to prefer charges of robbery. against a Del-son of fashionable appearance, wrho gave the name of Jfohn islurray, and whose lip was decorated with a huge moustache. "The prisoner, it appeared, w,as in the habit of visiting hotels, taverns, and lodginghouse-leepere, hsaningiu his possession a eate-bag, and with an address and demeanour calculatedto lullTaspicion. He was acrommc-dated withlodging, and in the course of the nighthewould seize the opportunity of opening the doors with Ialse keys, and plunder the place of valuable property, and leave the house.. Informstion, with a description of the prisoner, was given to the p,olice, who traced and apprehended him. He was identified by numerouIs persons wis had been robbed, as well as by pawnbrokers where he had pledged the property. He said nothing inhis defence, and was fullg. committed for trial on several charges.
- IRMI ND. trRoi O0M OWN % D-3BLIN, SATURAY MORNstG. nRVEST PROSPEcts. The fvoabl:ec chantge owhich commenced on Thursdayevening has as yet snffered no interruption, and this day is extremely fine and genial for harvest operations. The Farners' Gazette of last night thus reports - DuBIN, Friday B:eg.-Another week of unsettled weather and considerably lower range of temperature has tended to retard harvest operations where these were commnenced. We do not look upon it, however, as being altogether iinfavourable, because the ripening process wl in consequence be somewhat protracted; before this change in the weather, and wvhile under the influence of a scorching sun, it proceeded too rapidly in many instances, leaving the ears shiivelled, having ripened before being filled. In the soulahern parts of lreland harvest labourers arein sreat dend and as high as 3s. l0d. per day has been pasd in Ilkenny, the averge rate being 3s. That disease does exist to a considerable extent in the potato crop thero is nee- a doubt; atthe same time its existence does not appear to exercise any injurious effect on the minds of the public, and a feeling of perfect securit asto our future food Dros pects is everywheremanifested. Never, perhaps, ws the quality of the tabers better at this season then it is at sent, and we are of opinion from the early rpeness of the ot,Dtao that ii 'will be likely to keeweloewitr chould this prove to be the case, anidtai the intea breadth of crop which has been planted this year into rideration, there will be little fear of 'carcity of this artile although the actual acreable pouce should not be g;eat." A letter from -Mitch wn, an the county of Cork dated the 20th inst., and duly authenticated by the signature of the writer, Eays :- "Since I last addressed you on the subject of the potato blight, I have now to inform you end the public that what I then stated is all but too truly realized, for the blight we have got, doing its deadly and destractive work. On the 18th lt. we had the first faU of it, but, in consequence of the atmosphere becoming clouded, ere the sun arose next da t bil ut little affect the crop, and so continuing up to th1est inst., when the late great heat, with a clear atmnosphere, set in, the blight continued faling by night, the intense sun heat by day burning the disease into the green end succulent stalks of our potato crop; and then, succeeded by the late heavyrains, facilitated decomposition, and the ealaria is now descending to the tubers from the stalkz, day after day, in rapie succeasion." The ag-icultural report of the Corl. Examiner thus Tefers to the progress of the disease ' In con=equence probably of the damp, we have to record a considerable extension of the disease, which has zlready appeared in the direction of Kinsale, Cloyne, and the localities su-rounding the city. It appears to have been sufficient to excite considerable apprehension among farmers, as potatoes were yesterday pushed into the market in such large quantities that the prices fell to 6d. a weight. *We doubt very much, however, if there is any serious ground for these apprehensions, as the weather has taken up dry, and all our experience of the present year nshows that dry, warm w eather checks the Progress of the dtisease. Besides, its spread has been partial, and confined to the places where the heavy rains felL." All theother accounts from the country make no mention of the blight, so thus far it is to be inferred that the failure is confined to Cork and Kerry, and a small district in the neighbourhood of Dubln. RE TrPPERARY B ASX CON-ZRIBR TORIES. Yesterday the caseof the unfortuate contributories to the great bank swindle again came before the yalaster in Chancery, when the following brief discussion took Dlace "Mr. Lawless, on the part of the official manager, said that theyqapeaned in consequence of a sumnmons issuedby Mr. liunenck, solicitor for Mr. Charles Buckmaster, calling on them to oceed on the order of the Master of the Rolls, granting z Buckmnaster 'liberty to dispute his liability to be placed on the list of contributories.' MIr. Rogers, Q.C., who appeared for Mr. Buckmaster, stated that he was one of the English shareholders who had resided in Bedfordshire, one of the places where the shares of the bank had circulated, and his case was precisely the eame as those upon which the Master of the Rolls had already decided. " Master Murphy.-Re-enter the sumimons. I will not put either your clent or the funds of the official manager to any additional expense. The Lord Chancelor -will sit onthe 20th of October, and he will have to dispose of the appeal case. M Mr. Rogers.-Would it not be desirable that we should have some ruling of your acting in accordance with the decision of the hInster of the Rols ? "Master Murphy.-No, I will not give you any ruling. I could not gives decision one way or the other without putting either party to the necessity of an appeal here. "M hr. Rogers said that the course suggested by the Master was the proper one. "Master Murphy.-If the Lord Chancellor confirms the decision of the Mlaster of the Rollq respecting the English shareholders, al I ehal put you to do will be toapply to be struckoffthe list of contributories, andthentheonswill lie upon the other side to show a distinction between the case of your client and those of the other English shareholders. "M r. Tuthill said, he appeared on behalf of Mr. Wiliam Baker, who had issued a summons in every respect similar to the one in the last case, and he supposed that the rnle would be the same. "1 The Master replied in the affirmative, and said that no proceedings to enforce calls against either of the parties should take place in the meantime." TrE rnrSsI SOCIY N- D}E:RRY. The Corporation of Londonderry presented, on Vednesday last, an address to the lion, the Irish Society, represented by Alderman Humphery, the grovernor, and some other members of the body, now *siting the society's estates in the north of Ireland. The following are a few passages from the reply to the nddress "Our predecessors, the Corporation of London, have recorded, in stinriag language, the difficulties which were esperienced by that wealthy body, and its no lesswealthy associates, the Livery Companies, in raising the vast smes required to meet the exigencies of the occasion; and contemporaneous historians describe, in terms of deserved eulogy, the sufferings of your ancestors, the early English and Scotch settlers, in the defence of their religion and independence, and, their constancy and fidelity in discharging t he various daties which, as colonists, they had undertak-en to perform. Although this is, as you remark, our first visit to Londonderry as an aggregate body since the charter of our incorporation, it is not, as part of your addrests would seem to imply, the first time the society have taken efficient means to ascertain the wants and wishes of their tenantryto listen to their grievances, when any have existed, and, when necessary, to administer redress. We heartily join in your congratulations upon the increase of commerce, and upon the improvements that have taken place, particularly of lete years, in the sanitary and social condition of your city, We perceive, by official documents and other sources of public information, that the tranquillity and prosperity which have long distinguished the portion of Ireland settled by the Irish Society, and their alies, the London companies, are now happily extending themselves to other parts of the kingdom. We earnestly hope that, while we contemplate with unmixed satisfaction these advances towards a general prosperity in less favoured districts, we shall regard their progress as a stimulus to greater exertion on the part of ourselves, and %aU those who have the welfare of Londonderry in charge. There are expressions in your address which we hail with satisfaction as indications of a frank sincerity, that rises above the formalities which frequently distinguish the intercommunication of public bodies. If these expressions were passed over without any commentary on the part of the society, they might lead to erroneous conclusions, and tend to raise expectations of future assistance, which it may not be in the power of the society to gratify, consistently wvith the othe duties they have to perform. The entire income denved from the society's estates would be insufficient to meet, in full, the numerous apphcations that are made for assistance by benevolent and other establshments of undoubted merit. The charitable, educational, and other public institutions of Londonderry, amounting to 136 in number, absorb 2,500., or 5-2Oths of the society's income; d 1,2_ ., or 3-20ths of the net revenue, is applied by the Corporation of Derry to the maintenance of its state, and other purposes of local interest. We hope, and belive, vith you, that Derry will assert and maintain that state of commercial greatness which her position and circumstances entitle her to occupy among the cities of Ireland. Should it be otherwise, its failure cannot b7e attributed to the want of the society'a assistance. Deplorable as such a result would prove, it might justly rais. a questina whether it did not arise from the absence of a sel-reliant spirit, to which other cities are obliged to look for their success." TC EFUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 94- 95; ditto, for account, Sep tember 12, 95j @; New Three per Cent. Stock, 94f- 915 95; - ditto, for accourt, Sept. 12, 954 1; Bank Stock, 228; Dublmn and Liverpool Steamnship Building Company (501. paid), 46; Mining Company of Ireland ;7I. paid, for account}, 14g. Eafiwayn-Irlsh South-Eastern (121. paid), 7g- Waterford and Limsrick{50l. paid), for account, 25'i; Waterford and Trasnore (paid in fnUl 104. for account), 8S.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In The Timres of to-day ii a letter from 3Iesrs Keeling and Hunt with reference to what they style " a eat injustice committed by one of the Bspectors of the oard of Health." The facts are these:-The sanitary inspector of St. Pencras on the 9thinst. condemned a number or pine-apples offered for sale in Tottenbam-court-road, and was about to seize them, that they might be brought before a magistrate for a decis=io. The salesman begged him noit to do so, aud offered in preference to cut up before the npector as many of them as he considered unfit for food. The number tbus condemnedwas undei 30, which were cat ;p partly by the inspector and partly by the costermonge:. e mn was offering.them for sale at Gd. each, so that the loss incurred VwS somethirg under 15&. I admit that even this Sum must hbve been a very serious loss to the unfortunate George Gee; end it is very much to be regretted tlat the3 loss fell, ,not on M~essrs. Keeling and -Hunt, who sold the fruit, but on the costermorger. I enclose my oar and remain. Si, -rn, A n15A-4.> A MEDICAL OFFIbOR ALTH.' Ang. 23. THE LATE BEAI oF SmDWSRuIky.-The remnains of the late Earl, -which arrived at Liverpool on Thursday, in the steamer Minho, from Lisbon, and removed the samo might te the family residence, Alton Tower, s ill lie in. state a fe-v days in the chapel attrched.to the hail. The Hon. MEs; Talbot, who accompanied,the body to Liverpool, zemaiis ia that town until to.day --
-ZLWAY-TLIS4EA'CRE . ............................ QRRAT The half-yearly Meeting of this company wag heldor, Saturday, at the london Tavern ; Mr. E. 13. Denison, MLP., in the chair. Plr. IOWAsT, the becretasy, read, the notice convenig the meeting. The report, an abstract oE which has appeaed in.The Times, was taken as read The CunelAx. saiad, be.fore-he moved the adoption of the report he would trouble them with a few observations on the financial position of the company. TheyNvould percoivo from the report that they had expended 107,4311. during the past half-year on capital account; which made the total expenditure under that head 11,168,9381. With regard to the increase in the capital, he could assure them it was unavoidable; every expense, however small, waU carefully considered by the board, and they did not sanctlion any expense that could bo avoidel. e might be allowed to remark that he did not think it possible to finally close the capital account of railway comparies. They would find their railway companies that were 10or 12 years older tham that company could not avoid keeping their capital account open, and spendimg money on their lines to accommodate the increasing traffic. In the report it was stated that they had a balance in cash and securities of 262,2621, and also preference capital amounting to | 400,0001. not called up. He saw no necassity for calling up that sum; and as he had received -letters from holders of that stock, he thought it right to say that he saw no probability of the company wanting the remainder of the money. The gross traffic receipts in ehe las half-year showed an increase of 59,0838. as comparedl with the corresponding period of last year. He thought that was a most satisfactory state of things, In the gross expenditure there had been an increase of 24,7861., showing as increase in the aet receipts of 34,2971. over those of the corresponding period of 1S55. Afterthe payment of rents, fixed charges interest on loans, and dividends on prefirence stocks a balance of 84,3031. remained applicable to dividend on the ordinary shares. Were it notfor an imcrea.e in the interest on loans of 6,2794., they would have had ? per cent. more dividend. The effect of that increase in the intere4t showed how cautious theyslhould be in increasing their capitaL The disposable sum of 84,930. would allow Df a dividend of 34 per can', par annum on the ungnaranteed stock of the company, or of It. 15s. per cent; for the half-yearon the oginal stock, and of 3410s. percent. on the EBstock, towards the 6 per cent. per annum- guaranteed by the A stock, leaving a balance of 1551. He thotghb, on the whole, it was a satisfactory state of thin"s, and he had nothing further to say on the subject. He should be happy to ansver any questions in respect to the affears of the company, and concluded by moving the adoption of the report and the statement of accounts. Mrr. G. R. PAC=E, deputy-chairman, seconded the motion. Mr. KsxonvT thought they should have called up the whole of the new stock. He did not approve of issuing 12!. lOs. shares, calling up only 71. lOs., and leaving ol. to pay, which might be called up any time by the directors, whether convenient or not to the holders. He believed they were bound to caU np the whole befo._ erercising the borrowing powers. There was a sum of 400,0001. to call up, and instead of doing that they had borrow 'ed 300,000!. out of the 333,3301. authorized to he raised on loan in respect of those shares. It did not appear to him that that was quite fair. H e wished to know whether all the calls bad be en paid up on those shares. The CGAsa3cor replied that every shilling which had been called up on those shares had been paid long ago. 1r.t4KxGHr said they had therefore raised 600,000!. on the new shares, and borrowed 300,0001. on debentumes; snaking together 900,000L Now, he wished to know what they had done with the money. He wanted to see a detailed account of the outlay, because if they were to go on expending capital year after year in a spendthrift sort of way, there would be no dividends for the A andB shares. The CRiza:ANr said, the 900,0001. had been expended in the works on various portions of the line, the particulars of which were stated regularly in the half-yearly accounts. In the last half-year endingthe 30th of June, he would find they had expended 147,418! - in the half-year ending the 31st of December, 1855, 155,80k1.; in the half-year ending the 30th of June, 1855, 204,0844; and in the half-year. ending the 31st of December, 1854, 299,6604.; making together 767,7641. Adding to this sum the 26Z-,0001, which they had now in hand, the total would amount to 1,029,764l., and would accountofor the amount expended. for. Khp rpose wished for details of the l,100l0G4 expended, and to know whether the expenditure had all gone to capital, or whether any of it bad gone to revenue. He supposed it was all right, but if they were to go on creating capatal it was easy to imagine what would become of the unnguaranteed shares, and the preference shares would be th next to suffewl The CtasfrtheS explained that the new capital WaS raised for the purpose of payig offthe debts and liabilities of the company, and as he trusted they had now got to the end of their expenditure they had ceased to raise any more of the new capital, and consequently 400,000a. of it remained uncaled, They preferred raising moneyuon loan at 4 per cent. Or less to calling up the 400,000 of preference shares, upon which they would have togPsy 5 per cent. fir. Hunc s thought the chairman had given sulaicient details ior the meeting. It was well known that the money was authorized to bo raised for the purpose of paying liabilities that existed at the time, and also to paVy expected or estimated liabilitss in respectof works and working soc If MIr. Krnight would go to the office and inspect the hooks, which he had a right to as a shareholder, he WaS sure that their excellent accountant would give him eve;ry information, and satisfy him as to the details and expenditure of the money. He thought it would have given greater confidence if the chairman had given them a pledge that g; esler economy in future would be exercisedinworking the ndertaking. It was not so much from the increased Price of the goods ans from the manner in which the money was expended and contracts were eatered into that the working expcnses were solarge. He thought they vouldsoonsce their way to a larger dividend if things were managed with greater economy. There appeared to ho no proper check on the expendituie; their auditors professed to audit the accounts, but there wvas no check on the expenditure. While their subordinates were underpaid, he believed their head oficers were overpaid, He could not see why the business of a large company, where millions had been expended, should not bemanaged in a similar way to that of individuals trading on their own account, and if they did so, he was sure they would not encoura"o a heavy expenditure. He hoped they would not join inE thie Metropoiatan Raiway scheme, or become allottees of shares in undertakings which wouldinvolvethem in frher outlay on capital account. He thought they should hesitate a long time before they subscribed to any other undertaking. On the whole, he considered the report was satisfactory. 3r. GsSLERa foundthattheir working expenses amounted to 49-77 of the receipts, while those of the'London and lsorth-Westen iwere but 4007 per cent. The difference in the expenses, 9 7 per cent., was equivalent to 24 per cent. of the expenditure; that was, the London and NorthWestern worked their traffic for 24 per cent. less than the Great Northern. The working expenses of the London and South-WVestern were less than theNorthWestern, being 37'44 per cent, of the receipts, or 30 per cent., accordling to that calculation, less than the -working expenses of the Great Iorthern. He thought there was no reason why their workinig exoenses should rLot he reduced as low as those on the London and North-Western; and if that were the case, they would save 55o,O0!. on the working, and instead of hainm the dividend of 34 per cent. now proposed to be declared, t ey would have one of 5-L per cent. (Hear, hear.) The shareholders of the London and North-Western in August, 1855, with the consent of the directors, appointed a committee to look into that company's affairs, and the result was that a considerable reduction had been made in the expenses, whether by the exertions of the directors or of the committee he could not say; bat at all events the next profits on that line in the past half-year 'vere increased by 74,000?. He could not see why they should not do likewise. (A voice, "No, because we have no suspense account.") He was prepared to go into that question. He found that thc Great lNorthern had expended 29,396. out of capital. oi working stock during the halfyear, and that liabilities had 'been incurred to the extent of 31,0001,, making together 6,000L out of capital for that item. He found that the coaeofworkdngstockontheirlines had been at the rate of 5,000?. per mie on 3114 miles, while that of the London and Norah- Western was only at the rate of 3,2341. per mile, being upwards of 40 per cent. less than that of the Great Northern. The London and SouthWestern working stock hadl cost about 2,5004. per mile. Although he was'preparea to admit that the management of the line was adrni-b'e, stil he thought that a committee of shareholders, if appointed, imight see many things which nOW escape the directors, and the result of their investicrations might, lead to a diminution of expenditure. He had no wish to etpress --any vwaut of confidence in the directors, but'thouight that the appointment,of stuch a committee would' be advantageous -to the company. He concluded by-moving-" That a committee of 12 shareholders, net being delrectors, be nominated to examine the affairs of the company, and report the result at the next half-yearly meeting." -- MIr. HIn1 seconded the motion, and in doing so called attention to an item of 5,0004 for accidents chalged in the last half-ydar an amount which he considered was enormous. MEr. Ks'IGH said he considered that 200,0001. put down in the accounts was certainly a very large item for salaries and wages. He admitted that there was no line in the k-ingdom. better managed than the Great Northern, but at the same time he considered that it -was expensively managed. He would venture to teU the directors that unless much greater economy -were exercised in the managenient of the line, in seven years hence -the A shareholders would not get a dividend of 2d, in the pound. He was not disposed to support the appointment of a committee, as he thought it would not be respectful to the directors; at the same time he hoped they would endeavour to manage the property so that. there should always be a dividend for the origirai shareholders. The CM&=rA_Y said, with regard to the observations of Mr. Giesler on the working expenses, he (the chairman) was afraid he could not give -im a full explanation without niaking comparisons with other companies, and he night state that it was impossible to'. draw; a fair comparison between them and other companies in consequence of the want of uniformity in the accounts of railway compames. While the working expesas of some only appeared ir. the ratio of 40 per cent. of the receipts, the cost was actually 45 or 50 per-cent. The Great Northern directors liad everything put dowr. tothe working expenses, and benc it migaf appeit that they were higher than on other railviays. He did not wish to mention the names of other' 6dnpan%,ie and he would not, do so with regard-to their expens Tr; With rtgara to the question of eflenses, ha beleved that no hoard of directorswatche them morecloselj than they did. The best was done thatcouldbe done to keep the einein good working orden ,If they8id not keep their linc-in fit-rate - order they would not main- tain their position,- for it was by that means they had gained their present high position among railways. He could assure the proprietors that their ruropery 'w'as m a~ I perfectly souncndit that teir prospects wer capiThey had nothing to bet araid of-; everything was ookednafter as closely as posble, -ith a -ied to economy. He could assure them that, so far as he 'was conceited, he never labonred sohard in his life ashehad sinev he had been connected with their line' to gave expeud'iture on capital accountt and to geb them a dividend. on their onUtay; and the same remark 'applied to every director at the board. (Hear, hear.) -Then as to the -officers, they worked cordially with them;* ho had never met wit;h such men before, and the line was worked admirably. From the head engineer down to the fireman, or fr'nm the secretary to the porter, ho did ciot believe there was an illdisposed or dishones man in the 'whole lot. it was said that the officers were overpaid. Al he could say was, that he would have men of honour and gentlemen about him, and he would tell the proprietorsthat the only way to keep good officers, and have their 'vork well done, 'was to pay their officers welL. 'He could also tell them that good officers whowere 'wellpamd werealso the cheapet officers. He was prepared to answer any quectious with respect to the business of the past half-year,' but he did not intend to go back for three years as required by Mr. Knight. With their permission, he would put the nmotion for the adoption 'of the report, and submit Mr. Gieslerfs propovsition as a subsequent resolution. Mr. Gr!sTFR had no objection to that course. -On the motion of the CRAi.Ar i, the report was adopted; dividends were declared at the rate of 5 per cent. per aunum on the pernetual preference stocl, on the 5 per cent. pre. ference stock, which is redeemable at a premiium of 10 per cent.; at the rate of 4' per cent. per annum on the 43 per cent. preference stock, which is redeemable at a prenium of 10 per cent.; at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum upon the 5 per cent. preference stock, redeemable at a premium of 6 per cent.; and at the sate of 3. per cent, per annum on the original stock of the company, being 11. 15s. per cent. for the half-year; and at the rate of 33 per cent. for the half.year on the B stock towards the 6 per cent, per annum guaranteed by the A stock. The CasAnear,f stated that the dividend on the ordinary shares was at the rate of I per cent. better than at the corresponding eeriod of last year. Some persons had ob jected to paygn more than 3 per cent, on the B stock for the half-year, but the directors were advised that any dividend up to 6 per cent. could be claimed by the holders of B stock in the first half of ths year, and they might thus receive the whole of their dividend for the year in the firsb half-year. : The CHULvnA.s then proposed a resolution to the effect that the directors be authorized to' convert into a debenture stock, entitled to interest net ex;ceeding 4 per cent, per ann'ai, any portion or the 'whole of the mortagae debt of the comapany, in accordance with the act of 1853. He stated that if this resolubici were agreed to, and the state of the money-mnarket hereafter should admit of their issuing the stock at 3 percent. per aumn, they wouldsave 30,000i. a-year. After some observations from Mr. GixLaR and Mr. KEsuGss in favour of the motion, the resolution 'was adopted. The CHAi ux,i proposing'the next resolution, said that the company had 450 men in their employ, who, with their wives and children, were, living at VIe w England, which was situated about one mile and a-half from Peterborough. The company had already erected 100 hounes there, and would be obliged to erect 50 more for the accommodation of their men. Trhe resolution he had to propose was, that the directors be authorized to expend a sum not exceeding 7001. for the erection of a schoolroom at New England, Peterborough, for the children of the mechanics and labourers employed there by the company. 3ir. Pva, a director, seconded the motion. Ar. 1uIGnT protested against the funds of the company being used for that purpose. Mr. rAlLss contended that if the company had brought a rge of body of men together for its own advantage, the shareholders should not complain if they were called upon to provide facilities for education which the children 'would have had in another -place. He was of opinion that the money could not be more profitably expended than in educating the children of the workmnen. It was probable that as soon as the boys had finished their education they would become apprentices to the company,'and be very useful. Mr. PvM explained that the company had purchased 30 acres of land at New England, and-built100 cottages for the workmen to reside near the company's works. Rlent was paid for the cottages, amounting to6per cent. on the outlay, and it was positively requisite they should have a school for the children. He trusted the shareholders would sanction the outlay. The motionr was then carried. On the motion proposed by Mr. GIKSLER for the appointment of a committee of investigation being put, a discussion ensued, in the course of which The C ixaryN stated that any shareholder or number of shareholders mightgo and inspect the books of the company 14 days before and 2S' days after every ordinary meeting and there was thereforo no necessity for the appointment of a cnmmittee. If they chose to appoint a committee among themselves they could do so, but he would not give his assent. They were at perfect liberty to take any independent course they pIleased, and he only asked to have the same liberty to act independently as he pleased. The motion 'was negatived by a large majority, only three ap,pea-ed in favour of it. The CHAIRirAS, in reply to Mr. Hughes, stated, in respecttsotheMetropolitanRailway, that he had not made up his mind to pay one farthing towards it. The board had not considered thequestion. He hoped the railway would be iade, and be hoped itwas intended to bemade,bht when it was considered that 6,0001. a-year would give the ungueranteed shareholders of the Great Northern Rilway' 3 percent. dividend, it showed how careful they ought to be in increasing the liabilities of the company. On the motion of Mr. Kn'anssr, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman aud directors for their services-; and the meeting separated. EASTERN UNION. Tne report of the directors of this company states that the gross receipts of the united lines in the year 1854 were 1,lSS,S301., and in the year 185a 1,264,7621., showing an increase of 75,9321. After deducting the working expenses at 46 per cent., and other off6ets, the Eastern Union share of the joint traffic amounted to 3S,3151. for the first half of 1854, and to 43,233.E for the second half, together S1,6481. to 39,94. for the first half of 1855, and to 45;03il forthe second half-together, S4,9791.* and for the first half of 1856 to 41,2191. Looking to the admirable work. ing condition of the line, with its appendages at the time it was transferred to the Eastern Counties Railway Company, the directors were always of opinion that greater advantages than a seventh of the gross earnings of th-e united company (less 46 per cent, for working expenseo) ought to have been conceded. They, neverthelems, congratalate the proprietors upon the progressive and steady increase of profit accruing to them under the existing agreement-an agreement solemnly confirmed by Parliament for 999 years, and of the advantages of which, during that period, they state no power can ever deprive them. The charges for the h f-year amount to 37,46G/. for interest and rents, leaving 3,6.51., to which is added 1,1811. balance from last half year, 3031. dividend on Stour VaUley shares, and 1801. rents; making a total of 5,3201. applicable to a dividend upon the.ordinary stock for the half-year just ended, and out of which the directors recommend that a difidend at the rate of four-fifths per cent. per annum upon the B's (being 2s. per share for the half-vear), and of one and one-fifth per cent. per annum upon the A's (being 3s. per share for the half-year), should be declared. This wil absorb 4,3001., leaving a balance of 5201. to be carried to tbhe credit of the next half-year. The dividend proposed is double thpt which was paid for the corresponding half of last year. Should the rate of interest continue to fall, the directors anticipate, uiltimately to effect such a redaction npon the anrnal charges for debenture and other interest as will of itself be equivalent, irrespective of the pregressive increase of traffic, to a further dividend of about gper cent. per annum upon the B's, and ot per cent. per annum upon the As. And with a view to aval lthemselves of such a state of the money-market, the directors, during the past session-of Parliament, procured the passingofan act which enables them toraiss asam of 83,3001. upon debentures to pay offthe various land claims upon the linestl existingatahighrate of interest. Thedebt of 200,0051 due to the Eastern Counties Railway Companyis an incum. brance thatshould now be removed, although its contraction obtained great permanent advantages. To effect this object the at enables the directors to issue 200,0001. in shares, at an interest not exceeding 5 per cent. per annum, and gives the Eastern Counties Railway Board power to guarantee the payment of the interest of such stock. The exercise of this guarantee would entail no risk on the Eastern Counties Company, since the annualrevenue of the companyis ample. The surplus forthe commonstockholder(afterdischargg interest on every incumbranceon the line and paying thereuts,) being now about 12,0001. a year; equal to 1 per cent, on the Bestock, and 1i on the A stock; wvhile the interest on the debentures (iicludisng the 83,3001. to be issued as above), even at 5 cent., amounts only to'38,50DZ. per annum, and'the net yearly income is already nearly 90,0001. In the liabibties for the half-years above, enumerated, -provision :has always ce'en made&for the interest'on the land claims, annd on the debt due to.the Eastern Counties Railway Company, so that the debentures and stock under the new act tend toa diminution rather than to an increase of the charges oih the line. The favourable-change' which has taken placo in 'the money-market has, already, in the current half-year, enabled the directors to renev some of the debentures at 4 per cent. The capital account showed that 2,948,0091. had bsen received, and 2,921,8401. exuended, leaving 'a balance of 26,1691. The amount raised on debentures was '686,4721., leaving 83,4941. unissued, the amount of loan authorized being 769,9661. t ~ ~ WST CORNlWALL. - The report of the directors of this company statcs that while the accounts shov an increase of 3791 in the pssenger traffilc during the half-year, as compared with tho corresponding pei-sod of ISoo, thero is a deorease of 1,132&,; as compared with the preceding half-year. The total receipts for the half-year.ending the30Oth.'of June shoiw an increase of 1,0271. over those of the corresponding peaiod. of 15'the increase in the expenses was 1051., leaving 9211. as thb increase in the net receipts. The directors 'state that thd ultimate prosperity of the comphny'3hust necessarily depend to a very great extent on the completion of' the Corayall line between Truro and Plymouth, as not only would an increased traffic be developed - 'between Penrance and Truro, but a large proportion of.the existing general traffic, both in goods and passengers, at present con. veyedby other chanens, would be carried byt0is rsilway. The progress now made in the works of that line gives every reason to believe that the time is riot far distant when this reslt will berealized. The board concur in the hope ext pressed by,the committee of investigation, that asearchinw mquhiryhaving been made into the affairs of the company. -and n sabstantial' reason of complaint having been found again t lts. management, unity may exist for the future 'mng the'shareholders, and that wheis, by becominga parb of the 'eneral' railway esvstem, the West Cornwa line as injtne positiohon whichl the' original ealc'ul. tions' 'of brevenne 'are based, toe results will'be satis: factory to 'al interesed its prosperity. 'The capita account shows that o29,381L. had been received, including 164,34 ?1. ondeb aiures,and tb1t 519,6591. had been exonded. leaving a be ance of 72 The revenue account for te half year ending 30th of Juno sbows that 14,0653. had bcee received, and 9,2211. expended, leaving a profit on the working of 4,843!. To this sam is added 3,8521.. frorn last account, andl 781. interest received en overdue calls, miaaing S,77OI. From this is deducted 3,747l. for interest on debentures, and 770l. for other expenses, leaving'a balance to credit ofErevenue'of 4,s1.d BLACKBURN. The report of the directors of this company states that they cannot congratulate the proprietors upon any very marked improvement in the traffic of the line; nevertheless, there is an increase to the extent of 7661. over the preceding half-year, and of 1,9231. over the corresponding half of last year. This result has been obtained almost exclnsively from tho Clitheroe section of the line. Frequent 'meetings of the committee. of consultation and of the directors have been held, and a course of policy has been decided upon, and -is now xecommended to the shareholders for adoption. That course is the construction of an extension of the line from Bolton to Manchester, by wayof Raddliffe,Whitefield, Stand, Prestwich andCheethsm- Pill, a district teeming with traffic in passengers, merchandisr, and minerals. It likewise embraces tho carrying out of the originil undertaking by completing the line bctween Chatburn -and Long Preston, and there forming -a ntion, as first contemplated, with the North-Western inloway. The directors confidently appeal to the general body of the proprietors for support in furtherance of the objects recommended for adoption, and state that, so far as theyhaveproceeded, theyhave received everyencouragemnent to induce them to prosecte 'the scheme with the utnost vigonr. A A considerable amount of the new capital has been already subscribed. The proposed extensions consist of a line fromnBolton zi4 Radcliffe to ldanchester, and from Chatbhun to join the lNTorth Western Railway. The total cost of the line, as estimated by the engineer, includin-the purchase of land, ameuntsto'420,0001. It is estimated that tho traffic would yield 104,0001, a-year and aliowing 50 per cent. for working expenses the profits applcablo to dividend would be 52,000L, or about 12 per cent. on the capitaL The length of' the junction line fLom Chatburn to the NorthWestern Railway at Settle will be' 101 miles, and the cost about 150,0001. It is proposed.to rai-s theonow caital of 570,0001. for both lines by issuing 57,000 shares of, 101. each, to be offered in the first instance to the holders' of Blackburn stock, On'the completion of these undertalings it is proposed topay the holders of the new sbares a guaranteed dividend of o per cent., 'after paying the dividend upon theB preferenceshares; alsoto pay ontheoriginalBllackburn shares a dividend up to 4 per cent., and to divide all surplus earnings between the ae*'shares and ori<nal ahries, so that tho former may always continue to receive 1 per cent. more than the latter. The capital account shows that 1,040,3431. had been received, and 1,057,249Z. expnded, leaving a balance against the company of 16,9061. The revenue account for the half-year shows that 23,7411. had been received, and 11,9121. or 50.18 per cent eexpended, leaving a balance of 11,8291. The interest on loans and fixed rentcharges amount to .ll,S09l., leaving a balance of 201,, which added to 7,142,, the balance from tiae preceding half-year, leaves a net surplus to credit of revenue of 7 1621. OSWESTRY AND NEWTOW2N. On Saturda the half-yearly meeting of this company was held, at Welshpool. Sir W. W. Wynn, LP., presided. The Secretary (Mr. R. Stephens) read the directors' report, which stated that at the late Wharnc)iffe meeting hbld at the Town-halU, Welshpool, on the 23d of June last, the clause enabling the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to make traffic arrangements with the Shrewsbur- and Weishpool Railway Company -was not adopted; as, upon the scrutiny of the votes before the Standing Orders Committee of the Hiouse of Lords, it appeared that the amount of capital held by shareholders duly qualified tc vote, and represented at that meeting, was, for the clause, 6,502l ; against the clause, 2,60S1.; so that the requisite amount ot three-fourths was not obtained by 3291. The directors regret this result, as they believe that an intimate alliance between the two companies will tend greatly to the prosperity of each. They trust that on a fature occasion such powers may be obtained from ParlLument. The direc. tore have appointed MIr. Piercy, engineer, to execute the works, under reference, when necessary, to a consulting engineer. The directors have not yet been able to commence the works. All claims arising before the nassin- of the act have been paid, except tho-c of the country sodic. tors, some of which are still under arbitration. The 18,7501. cash, depositedwiththeCourtof Chancery, hasbeem investedinConsols,thedividendsuponwhichwiUaccumulate, The total receipts up to the 30th of Juno last amounted te 32,3741., and the payments to 27,1791., leaving a balance at the bankers' of 5,1941. The CHAi.3s , in moving the adoption of the report, expressed the regret of the directors at the delay that had taken place in the commencement of the wrorks, and stated that now all differences had been adjusted, and it was hoped that within a fortnight the plans and sections would be in the bands of the contractors. He had no doubt that in a very short time the works on the line would be proceeded hMr. D. PuGui, MP. (a director), seconded the resolution, which after some discussion was opted. A resolution was then agreed to, transferring to the company the reponsibility of the agreement entered into between the provisional committee andtho contractors On the motion of the Rev. C. T. Lxoon:p, seconded by Mr. T. MixLsnu.u, it was agreed, that in future copies of the directors' report and the statement of accounts should be distributed among the shareholders a few days prior to the half-yearly meeting. The proceedings terminated w ish a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. AMB1ERGATE, NOTTINGHAM1, AND BOSTON. The report of the directors states that during the past six months they have been anxiously occupied with the purchases of the lands and with the contracts for the construction of the line into and station at Nottingham. The former are all made, and the latter (with the exception of those for the station buildings) have aU been let on satisfactory terms, and the directors have every confidence that the total estimatedcost of these -works will not be exceeded, and that they will be completed by the time agreed upon with the Great Northern Rail7ay Company. The directors regret that the railhay traffic account is less satisfactory than they had anticipaed. Daring the period of the competition between the Great Northerm and the associated London and North-Western 'and Midland Companies in February last, the undertaking proved a most formidable and useful veapon in the hands of the Great Northern Company. Since the cessation of that competition the passenger traffic has continued to develope itself satisfactorily, but the directors have to report a large diminution in the mineral traffic. The directors report an improvement in the revenue of the canals, w hich, after the payment of the interest en the mortgages, and for the purchase of two boats which w ere about to be sold off these navigations, leaves a balance of 1701. to the credit of general revenue, Of the amount applicable to dividend the directors recommend a division of 2s. 6d. per share (or 10,5621,), free of income-tax thereon, equivalent to a dividend of 31. 2s. 6d. per cent. per annum on the active capital of the unadertaking, leaving a balance of 620L. to be carried to next account. The capital account showed that 795,9171. had been received, and 773,794!. expended, leaving a balance of 22,122=. SERREWSBURY AND EEREFORD. The half-yearly meeting of this company took place or. Friday, at Shrewsbury. Mr. W. Ormsby Gore, AP-, presided. Mr. W. ROBaEPTS, the secretary, having read the notice convening the meeting, The CIncsrss congratulated the shareholders on the increase of traffic. The report stated that the increase on the passenger traffic for the half-year, as compared with the corresponding period last year, was 7i per cent., and on goods 283- per cent. The total amount of capital expended up to the 30th of Juse was 545,5931. A further sum of about40,00D1I vwould have to be paid inrecact of fdditionalbuildings and works. The doubling of the line would be delayed until a still greater increase of traffic should be obtained, but it would be requisite to raise about 60,0001. to' discharge present liabilities. The directors were of opinion that the funds now required should be raised by the ssbue of forfeited shares, at a price of not less than 91, each. The engineer's report stated tha.t the works continued to be kept n good repair. Nearly all the additional works ordered had been completed. The plans for doubling the line at Leominster and making the necessary siding accommodations for the Lsominster and lington Railway were ready. The CCHAx s3ax proposed and the Hon. R. W. Cux, MP., seconded the adoption of the report, which was carried. The retirinc direetors-Lord. Bateman, Mr. W. W.rdell, aud Mr. J. Wi1Iiamis were re-elected, and Mr. S. Holme and Mr. Elias Chadwick were added to the list of directDos; 'Mr. T, Hill, the retiring auditor, was re-elected. - - This concluded the ordinary business of the meeting. At the special meet' ", which immediately followed, TheCwnAncastNmove, and the Hon. RB.W. CLrvz, P., seconded, that the borrowed capital of the company amounting to 150,0001., be converted into stock of the com pany of liD e amount, either by .^greerrent with the holders of the debentures or bonds respectively before the same become due, or by paying off the same respectively when due and issuing stock of a corresponding amount, instead of re-hcorrowing the sumnssopaid off; that the further sam of 75,0001,, which the company' has authority to raise by borrowing ndsr the same act, be' raised by the creation and issue of stock of a corresponding amou-t that thedirectors be authorized to carry out the foregoing - resolnti6ns and toattachto the stock authorized' to be created a fixed, perpetual, irreaeemable yearly dividend or interest at any rate not exceeding 4per cent. Mr. W. JACxSON mLoved, and Mr. W.WAiGSTAYP seconded, that the directors be authorized to raise a sum riot exceeding 50,000,., by the creation and issue of sharesof 101. each, priority of divdend payable thereon not exceeding 41 per cent.' Carried with one dissentient. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. ' BRLSTOL AND EXETER The report of the' directors states that the gross traffic I eceipts upon this railway from the Ist of January to the Oth of June last (including those of the Exeter and C±editon and the SomersetCentrarailwrays), amount tol.58306M. which is 10,34.r more than in the corresponding ialf of the year 185. The working expdnses charged to revenue during the same period amount to S1,3971.; so that 158,306!. had been earned at a less expense in 1856 than 147,9581. im .1855. Ts -is equil to 50.4s percent. onthe total gross receipts, or 0631. 2s.'4d. per mile on "1221, 'miles of railway' worked during the last half-year, and shows a reduction of expenses of 3-02 per cent., on the gross re ceipts and of 1! 4s. per mile asvcomered with 185. The parcels trisfic abowean increase of 3o,384 in the numberof parcels, andacomparativestatementof receipts for passengers, goodsandminerals,indparcels shos h 'total increase of 10,348 in favor of the last half-year. The balnce of the revcnue account, including 9,091. brought from the former haE-yea: is 5C,200L., of whichthe directors recommnend the disposal im the following moanner `-10,119L to extinguish I the suspense account; 45-0001. to provide for the usual I dividend of 4. per cent. per annum; and 2,OS01. to be I carriedforwardto the next half-year. The consumption of coke has been 6,908 tons 16.. cwt. for 456,705 miles ran, it a coat of-17s. 8d. per ton, calulating the coal consumed in the usna proportion as coke. The rolling stock at present on the line con'osts of 798 caiTiages of all kinds, of which 25 have been built during the last half-year, and l3 have been purchased of the Midland Compcny,-for the ackommo- dation of excursiontraffic nd braneh lines. The company I continuestoworkthe Exeterand Oreditosi Railway. An arbitration which had for some time been pending res ing a large claim for the cost of repairs and renewals under the lease made by the lExeter in Crediten Company as lessors against theBrist-l and Exeteras lessees, ha s recently issued in a n aard iunder which the lessees have to pay 3,2091. for damages, atd 19I. for the moiety of the oostseof the award, each company defraying its own legal and other. expense The drcors state they are assured theplymoUth Great Western Docks aro fast approaching to completion, and that the water will be -admitted into the floating dock in three or four weeks from the present time. lMr. IV. A. Bruce, of Ashley.Chippenham, has been elected a director, in the room of Mr. J. Stone. of Bath. The capital account showed that 3,677,4031. had been received, and o,645,3871 expended, including 450,9661. on shares in other cornp ames, leaving a balance of 32,0161. The revenue accountrthe al-year endingJne 30 showed that 161,224had been received, and 81,3971. expended, leaving a balance of 79,8261. To thisis added 9,0941., the balance from the last account, maling 88,9211. Out of this is deducted 32,7211. for rents and interest on loans, Ieaving a disposable surm of 56,200I. MARYPORT AND CARLISLE. 'At the half-yearly meeting of this company, held on Wednesday, a dividend of 11. on each original 501. share, and of 5s. on each or,ginl 121-. share, was declared payable on and afer the 6th of September, subjoctto income-tax. DIUBIN AND DROGMDA. The half yearly report of this company shows an inerease of traffic for the -half-year to the amount of 2,574. over the corresponding period in 1855. The net profit of the ialfyear, after paying interest on loans and dividends on preference shares, is 12,246R., vhich, added to the balance of profit on the previous half-year, 3,0091., makes 15,2551. Out of this amount the directors recommend a dividend of 11. 13s. 9d. per share on each of the 75L shaes, and 11I. 3d, on each of the251. shares, being at the rate of 4Q per cent, per atnum. An appliction was made some time ago by the directors of the Dunddk and Ennilcillen Raii. wvay Company to the directors of the Belfast Junction Company and -this company, to asslst in completing the line from Newbliss to Ennis llen. The directors, in conjunction vith those of the Belfast Junction Company; gave the subject their careful consideration, and arrived at the conclusion that it was important for the interests of both companies that the line to Enniskillen should be completed with as littleodelay as possible, and, for the purpose of securing its speedy completion, that the directors should be authorized by the shareholders to subscribe for a portion of the 5 per cent, preference shares wvhich the Dandalk and Eznnikillen Company have power to issue. DUBLIN AND BELFAST JUNCTION. The rerort of the directors of this company states that the receipts during the half-year ended the bOth of June have exceeded those of the corresponding period of 1855 by 3,2011., of which 2,4391. was derived from passengers and 7621. zrom goods. The total receipts for the half-year amounted to 25 9571.,asagis225 sluned tof 185,9 and against 22,7551. at the corresuonding od of 18, and 20 . in the same peod f 154 he total income of tha company for the past half-year amounted to 31,0061., and the total expenditure to 1,3471., leaving a net balance of 19,6591., by adding to which the balance brought from the preceding half-year, amounting to 7,814/., there is left available a snmof274731., outof hich the directors recommend that a dividend of iL 2a. Gd. per share (being at the rate of 51. per cent. per annum on the paid-up capital of the company), less ineome-tox,he declared, payable on or after the 13th proximo, to the proprietors entitled thereto, after which there will remain 7,6471. to be carried to the credit of the current half-yea's account. The traffic of' the line during the half-year was worked efficiently, and, with one exception, without accident. The directors of the Dundalk and Enniskdllen Railway Company, some time since, applied tG the Dublin and Drogheda and Dablin and Belfast Junction boards for assistance towards completing the extension of the Dundalk and Enniskillen line from Newbliss to Ennisldllen, and the subject has since received cazeful and anxious consideration. The boards applied to agree that it is essential to the interests of the companies which they represent that such extension shal be comnileted withall practicable despatch, and consider it advisable that the aid requested should be jointly afforded. In furtherance of this view, the directors of this company recommend the shareholders to authorize them to purchase, on behalf of this cbmpany, 5 per cent. preference shares of the Dandalk and Ennisdillen Company to sunch amount-not exceeding a sum to be specified by the meeting -as may seem to them advisable. IRISH RAILWAY RETURXS. :ADS UP rTo THE rcnv DA=SS AS wUNr.D 1S56. 1855. i Name of X.lway. £. a. x . . d. Belfast and Balhmena, Aug. 16.. .. 1,019 4 11 .. 93514 4 Bdfit and Comty Down, Au. 17 .. 34S 7 4 . 301 19 5 CorkandBandon, ng.6 .1 .. 226 2 5 215 3 S Cork,!B1ackircc. and Pasge,. Aug.16 31615 1 257 3 10 Dublin and 1-ingstory, Aug. 19 .. 1,327 16 U2 1,94 15 5 Dablin and WVicklow. Aug. 19 St S9 410 .. 535 7 8 DublinanddfastJunctioun Aug. 17., 1,°33 S 4 .. .2 9 s5 16 InterestonleanBrsach .. .. 10SIS 0 . 9 0 0 DMilinandDrogheda, Aug. 17 2. . 1,725 7 7. . 1,647 4 11 Dundalk and EnniklMen, AWu. 17 .. 449 711 .. 342 6 o.0 t oienthem andWestern.Aug.16.. 7,619 6 13 .. 7,103 13 0 isbEouth.Estemn, Aug. 16 -- .. 374 15 5 . 235 14 7 XM1%mey unuctien, Aug. 16 -- -. 53S 3 3 52617 5 Lmdodesn and Zunisk5en Aug. 16. 705 1S 10 550 19 S Londonderry and Colerane,. Aug.16 . 315 4 6 3!59 9 9 Limeick-and Foynes, Aug.16 .. . 61 15 3 3idlandGreat Western, Aug. 17 4,510 1S 10 a371 o c Ulster, Aug. 17 .. .. .. 1.542 1 6 1,316 2 8 Waterfordandailkenny,Aug.16 . 492 0 6 .. 53 810 Waterford and Idmerick. Aug. 16 .. 1,167 6 iii . 1,0351 9 WaterfordandT,arnore,Aug-. 16 .. 33 1 . 303 4 4
j BMIGBATION TO A USTRALIA. TO THE EDITOll OF THE TI3IES. Sir,-I observe in your paper of tody a letter fromi the secretary to the VEmigrationCommissioners, gxving a sweepingdenalto ertinstaemetsmade at Adelaide, in vhic-h i the cormsioncrs are chalrged with sending women to other destinations in Australia an those for which they had wish to state to you and the public some cases which have come -within my own knowledge. Somei years ago I applied to the comznmisioners for a PASS'ao for James Barns :ndlhis wife to any port in Australia. £hey were granted one o Sdney Shrtl aftr Iiad ear oftheir arrival I a p lid fo~a pssag to ydne forBurs'ssster-in-laW, it gone to the girl herself she would probably not have knownthe distance. Of course I did, but in her case I thought it better for- her to go to mtelboure than to go nowhere. She accordingly went;~ she did well, and sent ,money homie to assist in taking out her sisters Teres and Elizabeth. I applied for them for a pb e to Melbore on the eress ground. tht thir siser waz there and had done wel.I received in answer,and without any eaphana. tion, an order for their passage to Geelong. The distance not being very great from Gteelong to Mtelbourne, I let them go there andl gave thema the mneans of getting to their destination. 2No great nmcon'venience resulted~ in either ofthleme cases, but I, leave it to you and to the ptxblic to say -whether they confirm the statemet of thet Emigration Comamissioners or that of the msoorwomenl at Adelaide. If hesaiiethng ashapend wie t m howhve net pplid moe thn ~e orsin imesin m lie, o T-ii- ARPTiATT. ?111UT!LVI Ulverpool,?Aug"t P2.
