DEATHS. On the 2Sth of October last, of dysentery, four cdays after leaving Calcutta, on board the Canning, Thomas Stead, aged 17, third son of Baker Gabb, EIq., of Llwy-d% near Ahergaveny, Monmouthbebre. On the 26th of Janua last, at Kandy, Ceylon. aged 68, Margaret, widow of the late Major Garvock, Assistant Adjutant Gneral at the Horse Guards, On the 29th tat.. Helen, youngest daughter of the late 3lr. 30hm Watnon, surgeon. of Twickenham. On the 29th uIt, a. Weymouth, Dorset, in his 61st year, the Ie,. Ralpa Lyon, D.D.. rector of Bishop's Caundle, and Ticarof Haydon, Dorset, fornerly for 22 years Head Mater of the King's School, Sherborne. On the 2l inst.. at 29, Drammond-place, Edinburgh, MaryAnn, eLdes' daughter of the late Samuel Blackburn, Esq. On the 24 inst., at Great Berkhamsted, Hertz, Mrs. Sarah Hill. aged 77. On the 3d inst., at Camberwell. in her 39th year, Mary Ann, wife of 3r. EL BIundell, and daughter of the late S. O. Pears of Clapham. On Monday, the 3d lnst., at Berumondsey, Surrey after three days' Illness. UniveTrsay beloredsud lamented, aud inperfect peaCe, Harriot, widowr of the late Jeswe Curling, Esq., in her 83d year. Onthe Sd inst., aged 62. at HarleyHouse, Branswicklace Begent's- celifency Don F Kncisco ti=;ao de Murriets, Knight Grand Croes of the Spanish Order of ClirIes IIL. and one of the principals of the eminent house of C de Murrieta and Co., of Adamsscourt, OldBroad*street. On the 4th inst at Merton, Surrey. age 28, Elizabeth, wife of Henry Strettell Chadwick, Eaq. On the Sthins, at College-street, Islin3ton, Sam. Cook, Esq., in bis 70th year. On the 5th inst at Southampton, ;dith Anne, third daughter of Capt. Adam KelI&A On Wednesday. the 5th inst., Matthew Heath. Esq., of No.1, St. Teter's-tezrace, HaImmerseith, in the S4th year of his age. Onthe,5th inst., at Kenton, near Exeter. Elizabeth, wife of George Pyeroft, Esq., surgeon, aged 35. Onthe 5th inst.. after a ahort illnes, at 7ernie Castle, life, N-B.. Margr.ret nna, the beloved wife of Charles Goring, Esq., of Higden, Eusses_ On the 5th inst., at 32. Stephenson-terrace, Caledonian-road, Ising ton. ir her 86th year. Eleanor. daughterof the late Samuel Smith, Esq., of S. Mrtin's-le-Grand, and lbuem, Middlesex. OntheSth Ifnt, at Sidmouth, Elizabeth, eldest surviving daughter of the late Willian Tinney, REq., of Salisbury. On the 5th inst., at Cheltenbam, General George Wright, Colonel Commandant Royal Engineers, aged 76. On the WtI inst., at Penshurst, Eleanor Georgina, the infant daughter of William Bro.wn, EAq., -aged one year. On the 5th inst., at Gnildford-place, Wllmingtonsqtuare, Wl iam. the beloved aid only sonof the lateJohnHannaford,Req.. of Clarence*treet, Pymoulth. esteemed and respected by an who knew him. His end TS eac, through the merits of his DiTine Redeemer. On the 6th inat.. at No.25.Walbrook. city. Anne Catherine WlVUiams% Cnly daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. LewisWlliams. On tle 6th inst., at ThameVicarage, Oxen, Rebecca Charlotte, the helovecL wife cf theRev. James Preor. On te6thiLst. at Great lvern, ThomasAttwood, Esq., of Bir. nmmgha, aged 2 On the mornin,. of Thursday, the 6th inst at the Deanery, Carlisle, After a fewhours? illnesg, inthe6th yearof ier age, Charlotte third daughbtrof the Verylter. Archibald Campbell Tait, Dean of Ca-lisle. On the 7th inst., Mr. win.ivett, son., of Crown-street, RinsburySquare. aged 75. At Brompton, Mm M;ary Perryman, eldest eisterof the late Mr, Ephbatra Bond. and only relative of Mr. Joseph Bond, of Queen,-_road Ulocester-gate, Regent's-par.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFIJE, &Stua2d4yMoIl.ing. i -EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris corre. spondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.- The prospect of a settlement of the various points under the consideration of. the Plenipotentiaries was gloomy enough last week, and I suspect that j:han T15,qePleipotentiary began to be seriously apprehensiva of therl: ad 4 bers of the 'Congress been at liberty wo speak their thoughts so.ina six or seven days ago, I believe it would be found that-waT rather-than -peace was by them regarded as more likely to follow the expiration of the armistice. Matters have now changed, and changed much for the better. The three sittings of the Congress last week were far from justifying the hopes of- a pacific arrangement. The tvo sittings of the present week are far more cheering, so far as they have gone; I have already told you that 'Tuesday's Conferences ended more satisfactorily than the previou3 ones ;- and- I think I can now inform yoh that those of - yesterday are still more so. Indeed, so -sanguine is- the hope in certain quarters [(as I am informed) that the chances in favour of peace are greatly augmented, that peace is looked upon as all but cerlain. There were two modes of ariTving at peace; one by large eonces[sions on the part of the Allies; the other, by-large concessions on that of Russia. So far as can be ascetained in mnatters -where everything is against obtaining accurate information, no concessions of any moment have been made by us. The logica conclusion is that it is Russia that is gradually yield. ing, while England and- France are still united and firm as. ever. Of the Emperor's conduct throughout I hear the best accounts on every side. Of the favourable change which has come ovc-r the aspect of the Conferences I believe no doabt need be entertained. The information comes from an excellent source, and it is confirmed in other quarters. As to the partioular points on which concessions have been made I cannot. say anything with the certainty- requisite -when matters of such moment are in question.-- It--is, lhowever,-said ;by persons entitled to respect that the, fifth point has been decided, satisfactorily of course, and that the one - before the Plenipotentiaries relatei to. the Danubian Principalities. - This latter intelligence I give of course with much more reserve than that which refers to the cheering aspect which, the Con. ferences generally have assumed. You may not- have forgotten.what -was said about the topographicalmistakeeas-ertedto havebeen comnitted witlh regard to the -rectification of the Ottoman territory. It wil; I suppose, be taken for granted that Russia has comprised that rectification in her concessions. I learn this day that while Count Orloff and Baron Brunow are engaged in Comucil here, Russian engineers are erecting fortifications on the very line which was proposed as the new frontier. Her works ini the Gtflf of Finland I alluded to in a previous letter. Whether peace be made or not, an English fleet will be stationed in the Baltic, probably with a view to protect Sweden against the vengeance of her powerful neighbour. I regret to find that no concessions Russia makes are likely to establish confidence in her sincerity. It is her misfortune that the more she seems disposed to grant' the less is tlle faith reposed in her. Her friends say-that she will not be the last to profit.. by - the dissolution of. the Ottomnan Enmpir6, which the yery reforms the allies will- insist on realizing will hasten. Her policy wil be to promote by all means in her power that decay, and she accepts peace with the hope that the Angloe French alliance will not long survive its conclusion, and with the firm determination of wreakin, vengeanceon Austriaby the exaltation of Prussia in Germany. Russia calculates on the gradual loosening of the bonds which unite England and France, if she cannot cut the knot herself. She believes that two countries -with a form of government so opposed, and with institutions so different, however they may unite for common safety in days of difficulty and peril, must be dissevered when the danger is gone by, and that there are a hundred chances, any one of which may be advantageously made use of to that end. Wt.ere the small extremity of the wedge to be inserted, Russia would answer for the speedy introduction of the whole. Indeed, Russia anticipates no small amount of confusion and quarrelling after the peace. How is it possible, she asks, for the Emperor Napoleon to remain quiet ? He is an absolute Sovereign, and the liberty he has put down in France he will not tolerate elsewhere. He cannot do so if he would; and Piedmont, Spain, and perhaps Belgium wiRl soon have to look to themselves and their institutions. This reasoning is more specious than real. If Louis Napoleon Bonapartebe an absolute monarch, he is not absolute in the same sense as the Emperor of Russia or the Emperor of Austria; and if he has forced Russian Plenipotenti a iies to come to Paris to sue for peace, he has done so by his union with England and Piedmont, two liberal countries; and supported by the sympathy, if not by the contingents, of Spain and Portugal. The scattered elements of real liberalism in Europe have aided, morally or materially, in the glorious cause of resistance to barbarous aggression. It was stated some time since in one of the6Polaco papers of Madrid, and again repeated here, that one of the first acts of Louis Napoleon after peace was concluded would ba an intervention in Spain, an intervention against Spanish independence and liberty, by means of open and brate force like that under the Restoration, or in the snealking and treacherous system which was so congenial to French statesmen under Louis Philippe. It is, I am convinced, as unfounded as was the panic of English invasion. Louis Napoleon has proved to the world that no man understands his own interests better than he does, and he well knows that interference with the institutions of anycountry, for the purpose of producing a re-action and estlablishing absolutism would be the, commencement of his own ruin. I have good reason to believe that the condact of the Imperial Government to Spain has been most upright and loyal, and it is still engaged in removing from the frontier the remains of what might threaten her tranquillity. It desires that Spain should profit by her repose from civil strife to develope her immense resources, which have so long remained fruitless; and her wish is that the present Government should be consolidated. With respect to a rumour which has circulated among the partisans of MIaria Christina here, that -remonstrances had been made by the French Government to the Spanish on the internal state of the country, I can say that it is most unfounded, and, moreover, that for a long time past the relations between the two Governments have not been better than at the present moment. We read in a letter from Madrid of the 3d inst.:" After the adoption of the electoral base3 only a few articles of the organic laws will remain to be voted, in order to complete the Constitution. In the meantime a number -of propositions, all described as urgent, are presented daily, which threaten to impede the principal discussion if the Presdent of the Cortes does not interpose his authority to prevent it. The Monarchical Constitutional Centre is actively proceeding with its work of organizati6n, and recruiting every day numerous adherents. Among," the distinguished persons said to have joined that political association are Messrs. Manuel Cortina, Rios-Rosas, Luzurilga, infante, the Marquis del Daero, A. Gonzales, and on6 of the two chiefs of the Government. Tho Left, on its side, ix endeavouring to effect the union of the pure Progressistas with the democratic fraction, and the new journal, ,ab?Ut t be published by M.Nicholas Rivern. isto betlzeorgan of thparty. The. Credit Mobilier Compaz.v 'is onil wAitin the sanction of its statutes by the Governmle.'a to'coiitut itself defiuitively and commence operations. Thoe ukgtpt of the provinces through which the \orthemnRailw+?Lf, pass, on ta-ing leare of the Directors, told them that'the~ msight rely on their co-operation wlenever they consiiereM their services and support usefulqto the Company. ,, Th. Municipality of Valladolid being anxiousto tstaify it. gratitude to the contractors of -the railway, have. ivers to one of the streets of the city the name del' Credit, loovilirio. An English companY proposes to worhDn a&i extensive scale the rich coal mines of Espial, in the provinc. of Cordova. Coaut do Villariezo, who had been carried off bybandittiinto the mountains of Toledo, hasbeenliberated, on the payment by his family to the brigands of a. sm ol f60D gold ounces, independently of the aisom ao 1C,000 piastres, hich th;e 99m.do o tho Civic Guard intercepted on their Wa to the mountains. It>- appears that those robbers NOlgss a certain degrai of education. They began by tolling their prisonetbat he had nothing to fear for his life, bat that ttheymight be obliged to bring hin with them into PortsgaL All we want, said they, is to make a good job.: They supplied himw ith blankets at night, and when provisions became scarce they stinted themselves in order to augment his pittance. Hfe -was asked if he had lately ansitedat the representations of the Royal Theatre, and heard Ronconi. On his replying in the negative, the chief exclaimed thabsuch indifference on-hispartwas trulyunpardonable. ThePrince of Canino has arrived at Cadiz on the 25th Ult. Tlhe SpAnist mission, going to colonize the islands situate-on the western coast of Africa, was waiting at Valencia a faTourable winnd to put to sea. The mission consists of 39 clergymen, Srsters of Charity and artisans: E. Corradi, Minister of Spaint at Lisbon, is to be the bearer of the Insignia of the Order of the .Golden Fleece, conferred on Marshal Saldanha by the Queen. The former Miuister Diego Mlartinez de la Roea died on the 29th ult., at iadrid.' The follo0ing private telegraphic despatches were received:- "BERLIr, IdAnj 6. " The Chamber of Deputies to-gay, by g-najorityof 87 votes, rejected, by passing to the order of the day, the'proposition Wagner, which called for the abolition of the article of the Constitution declaring that all Prussians are equal before the lawv, and that all privileges of rank are abolished.,, " HAMUR6. -mRH 6. "An order from the Admiralty has been received by Commodore Watson to leave Kiel for the island of Moen, where'the British squadron is to assemble, an?d immediately commence the blockade of the Baltic." "VIE3MNA, ILA.Rcx 6. "The French Company of the Austrian Ba,ilroads has obtained the concession of theprolongation to Semlin. The Emperor has received the replies from the iDulk6 of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha to the letters of r,ecaII of the Prince de ha Tour d!Auvergne, and to the letters of credence of the Viscount des :Mlejlpizes Fresnoy, Minister Plenipotentiary of lis Imperial Majesty. His Majesty, wishing to do honour to the: services of Count de Loewenhielm, who for nearly 40 years has filled, at Paris, the functions of' Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentinry of the King of Swreden and Norw"y, has just raisedhijm, at the close of his diplomatic mission, to the dignity of Grand Cross of the order of the Legion of Honoir. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during Ihe week ending on the- 25th ult., -were 882,225f., or 218,628f. more than during the corresponding, week of 1855. The gross receipts, since the 1st January, amounted to 6,814,046f., being a difference in favour of 1856, of 1,084,846f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 8go. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-alIIf per Cents. at 94f. 75c. ex div.; and the Neiw Loan at 73f. 30c.; Orleans Railway sharez, 1,272f. boOc.; Gteat Northern, 990f. ; Strasburg, 96f. 50c. ; new shares, 825f.; Paria and Lyons, 1,250f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,555f.; Western of Franee, 80f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 765f.; Great Central of France, 658f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 7t0f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,585f.; Austrian Railways, 927f. 50c. Cowrs Awcheit ue. -PAE March 7.Ca Prices.- Four-and--Half ner Cents., 89F. 25c.; ditto not reimbursable for 10 years, 94. 25c. 93f. 75c. 8-Sc. 75. ; ditto seconi Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 75c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f. -5c2; -T}±ee per Cents., 72. lOc. Sc. 72f. 72f. 15c. 10c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72f. 10c. ; ditto second Loan of 18S55 (45 per' cent. paid), 72f. T5c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 72E. 75c.; Bank of France, 3,450! ; Cr6dit Yoncier, 6401. ;* dicto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 450f. 440f. 445f. ; ditto Three Der Cents., 41Sf. ; ditto Tenths, Four pei' Cents., 97£ Soc.; ditto Three per Cents.,.95£ - Prom. Obligations of 1,030f., Three per Cents., 9301.; Credit M9obilier, 1,575f 1,585£.* Discount Bank, 650E.; PiedmonteseFive per Cents., 901. 901. 25c; ditto Three per Cents., i81.; Austrian Fivt per Cents., S9; Rente de Naples {Rothschild), 113; Rom3ns, b7f.; Spanish Converted, 24. Exichange on London, at. sight, maoney, 251. 40c.; ~thee months, money, 241. 9;5c. . _~~~~~~~~~t AUSTRIA. (aROM o oU R OoWN XsEMoMDENT.) VIENNA, M-AMcO 4. News there is none, whether political or local. The passnge in the speech of the Emperor, Napoleon, which relates to the Eastern question has niot produced a favourable impression here. RUSSIA. (FrxOX OUR nEnI.i- CORRMOND=.) BERLIN, blAncH 6. The Zroorthera Bee, that so lately seemed to conbider it had received a special mission to floirish its sting threateningly in the face of the foe, has now decidedly received orders to tuin its attention to the exhibition of honey. Its constant endeavour now is to represent Russia, after the conclusion of a peace, as one hive of. busy bees, intent upon nothing but the acquisition of wealth, and the extension of material well-being. It is in the path of the development of her immense internal resources that Russia. is. in future to obtain that pre-eminence over the States of Europe that has been denied to the efforts of her ams. The Court journal now condescends to ;conmercial matters, and demeans itself to quoting pricecurrents and the fluctuations of trade. On February 26 it tells us that the confidence put by the St. Petersburg exchange in the pacific conclusion of the Paris Conferences becomes every day firmer, anid although private advices from London are of a.different tenor, nevertheless Russian produce is nimch in request for London. In the previous week yellow tallow of best quality had been taken in considerable quantities tat 142 roubles 50 copeck^-s up to 143 paper roubles per berlkovetz, with 136 roulbles paid down. It was being bought for delivery in August next, the whole amounts now paid down. On the 25tl of Febrlary there were 14,000 pouds of tallow sold, part price down, at 142 roubles 50 copeck-s to 143 roubles; and, besides the above, also 31,500 pouds of flax, at 80-100 paper roubles per berkovetz, for delivery in June and July. As I do not put the above forward by any means as a reliable quotation of the state of the St. Petersburg market, I tust none of the gentlemen of tho Baltic Coffechouse will be led by it to open their purse stlings unnecessarily wide. In the nean timc, in spite of all the "humning " of the YortICrm Bee, the preparations for war and for defence are niot relaxed; the buoys and seamnarks are being takesn up all along the coast; the light-houses and beacons are no longer to be lit; the vessels in Cronstadt are being released from the heavy covering of ice and sn-ow in which they have been enveloped during the iwinter, and the crelys are fully occupied for the present in scraping and scrubbing, in painting and holy-stoning; this activity is also kept up to the necessary degree of unremission by the frequent visits of inspeetion w.hich the Gran d Duke Constkntine pays tllea. - All the high officers in colamand in the north, Burg, Grabbe, and Sievers, have, after delivering in their reports coniiected. w~ith the late Council oDf WNar, left St. Petersburg, -for their respective, posts; the Vice-Admdirzi!s and ICommnrlanrs of the miarine fortreisses, HOlsingfQgs,
1L: A.ZD. (FROM OUR OWN c(iturspoNDEN-T.) DUELI=, FRiDAY MORINGi. TIE IPERAAY BAwx. The terrble revelations in the Rolls' Court continue to be the alI-engrossing topic in private as wel as in public and have completely obliterated al memory of the frauds brought to lght in the recent case of the London bankers. In the Benigq Posd of last night there is some information with respect to the prospects of the unhappy dupes of the great Sadleir eonspiracy -which is not without interest. It appears that a large proportion of the creditore are farmers and sMall traders,-who, deceived by false representations of prospelity and the temptation of a high rate of interest on deposits, had left aU their savings and their capital at the -various branches of the bank, The position of some, at least, of the shareholders is also very pitiable:- "Look, for exanmple (says the Post), at the proceed. ings in the Rlolis' Court, to he case of Mx. James Scully, of Athassel, who was represented by Mr. F.itzgibbon, QC., being the hold.er =of 317 shares, 58 of which he held as trustee,. the remainder having come to him as part of the assets of his father, who had been an original holder at the commenoe. ment of the bank in 1842. Mr. Scully sought the interposition of the Cout for an order so stringent as ta exclude from the winding-np all persons who had had any connexion whatever with the management. More than 3(3 years ago, when a monetary panic prevailed far ana wide, and the country banks in Ireland were rapidly falling one after the other-when some of the oldest firms, in-. cluding the bank of iltessrs.Ryall, of Clonmed, suppo.sed tobe one of great solvency, had been compelled to stop paymenti -one private bank in the town of Tipperary held out and! promptly paid every clainmant in gold, sustaining pubii credit and trade in the district. Of that bank, which thus intained its ground and survived the panic that laid low so many other establislnents, the late James Scully, the father of the gentleman of that name who appeared by counsel on Saturday, was the proprietor. On all hands it; was declared that 3Mr. James St:ully, like his father, is a man of unbleroishedhonourandthe^highestintegrity, andhis name -was mentioned with the deepest sympathy as an mnsuspectiig victim of a horrible system of fraud. Others there are, equally deserving of commiseration, vwho have, through their blind and unrefecting confidence, been en. trapped into the perilous position in which they now find! themselves. The case of Mr. James Scully, and of those shareholders who, like him, hafe been dupes and-victims, cannot fail to excite the strongest feelings of sympathy in every well-regulated mind. He became a shareholder long since, when the bank was an honest and' thriving concern, as the heir of his father, whose spotless character, well tested as a banker, and his useful life as a resident country gentleman, had produced general and unreserved confidence in the establishment that succeeded his own bank-a confidence which has now involved! his son in the loss of all, perhaps, but those high principles of honour which formed part of his inheritance, and that rectitude which led him, on the first announcement of alarm, to attend as a shareholder at the office of the bank, and place his name as security on the back of the deposit receipts of alarmed creditors." The Waterford Masil, comnenting upon the late exposures in the Rolls'-Court, observes:- "Herevasa concern, with a paid-up capital of 100,0M0., with deposits to the extent of 400,0001., maling, in all, a working capital of half a million of money, doing what; ought to have been a safe and profitable business in the district in which it traded, yet using its capital and deposits is aiding a reckless, unprincipled man--we believe we might; safely say, a party, for we apprehend the electioneering expenses of the Sadleir faction were paid out of its funds. The Carlow trials proved the complhcity of the manager in Dowling'sarrest; how far these finds were used to payfor the contest in the county of Corlk, Athlone, or Sligo we ara not informed. IJntilthe application was made to the Master of the Rolls, we were disposed to pity Mr. Sadleir, and to look upon him as imposed upon by his brother, but the facts disclosed in the affidavits have altered our opinion. The last report of the company is so evidently fraudulent that we cannot disassociate Mr. James Sadleir, wvho .igned it, from his share in the imposition it tried to ef ect on the shareholders and the public. The number of shares in this concern is, we believe; 10,000; they were 501. shares, -withl10. paid up; we do not know in v;hat proportion they are held by the different shareholders, nor how many oj them are held by such men as Rafferty, in whose name the proceedings for the winding. np is commenced, who was merely bailliffto iMr. John Sadleir, and got the shares in OctoberorNoveinberlast but for what counderation we are not informed. If the shareholders are ablebto payauppthecalls,tit will require them to ,ay uM the whole of the uncalled. :or capital to meet the lia ilitiea of the bank. If some of them are unable to do so, their shortcomings must be paid bytheir more wealthy part. ners.t The Mall intimates that 1r. Robert Keating isabout to retire from ihe representation of Waterford, and that a gallant; Captain (Bonaparte Wyse). closely allied to the French Emperor has been. feeling his way with th-e electors. NEw nss ELEMOo. Sir Thomas Redington, Liberal and Roman Catholic though he be, 'M-illbe strenuously opposed by theultramontane party, wlro, good Christians as they are, -will never forgive the hon. gentleman's ofience of holding office durinag the Teligious excitement created in 1851 by the aggressions of Cardinal Wise. man. With the exception of M31r. Tottenham, thenew-born liberal and ex-Derbyite, and llr. Fitzpatrick, there is as yet no orher candidate in - the field. Plenty of names-including that of Mlr. John Reynolds-are fireely spoken of; and doubtless a day or two will bring an abundant crop into the field. IELA2NCIiOL7 SUICID. The followingparticulars in connexion with the suicide of an officer cf the 15th Regiment, novr forming part of Dublin garrison, appear in the Freeiasu of this morniig "A frightful event was announced yesterday morning at the Royal Barracks as having taken place during the night; inthe officers' quarters of 1he 15th Infantry Regiment. It was reported that an offlce:-, Mr. Howard Douglas Aytoun, holding a. commTission as ensign in the 1Sth Regiment, hoc! destroyed himself by cutfing his throat, his body having been found by his servant stretched on the iloor in a, COrner of his bedroo uite lifeless, surrounded by a pool of blood, which had beeii poured out from to ghastly wounndsmthe throat. On the alarm being gfiven to thema,jon and adXutant of theregimeist and, tthe arrack authorities, the bedroom of the deceased was entered, and the scene therein presentedwas truly horrible. The bed was untenanted, but the bed clothes and furniture, including sheets, counterpanes, curtains, &c., were crimsoned vith stains of blood. The shoets, as revealed by the turning back of the other bed clothes, were literally saturated' with blood, which had formed a pool at the bedside. Naked footsteps marked in blood could be traced from the bedside to a corner of the bedroomn where a larger pool of blood was formed, from whiclt streams flowed across the room. In that corner lay the body of the deceased, clad in a night dress, quite deoas and stiff, with the thr*i;t almost severed at the right side by two deep -wounds. The body and the aight shirt covering it -ere steeped in clotted gore. It would seem by the appearance of the roomr. that the unhappy man had stag. geredabout the ap rtment while bleeding, adhad at lengt fallen downfrom loss of blood in the corner where the body, was found. Marks of the grasp of bloody fingers were observed on the furniture, and the razor with which the act of self-destruction had been committed was found by Mr. Hyndman in the ashes beneath the fireplace. The raxo=was found shut, but both blade and handle stained with blood. "' An inquest was held, wvhen the jury, after viewing the - body, returned the following verdict:- "1 ' We find that the deceased's, Howard.DouglasAytoun's; death was caused by two incised wounds in the neck, inflicted by himself on the night of the 5th inst., in his quarters at the Royal Barracks, the said HowardlDouglas Ayteusi being at the time labDuring under temporary derangementof mind."' On Wednesday last a:i address Erom the inhab!tants of the county of Yermnanagh was presented t4a Lieutenant-Colonel Maiide, of the 3d Buffs, and tohis brothers, Lieutenant-Colonel Maude, of the Royal Horse Artillery, and Lieeutenant M.aude, of the 41s;. Regiment, each of whomn has served with markeM. distinction in the pres3nt war. Richly mountei swords were also presented on the same occasion tathe gallant officers. TM FUDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 904 1 j g -ditto, for Accaunt; the 7th of 2Marcli, 91; :9New fTho per Cent. 3o 90- 1 91 90i. Railwaya.-Belfast and Ballymena (5W< pald), 47a, Dublin and Drogheda (751. paid),, M ex. diT..; Great Southern and Wes'ern (501. p3id), 5Sh ex. dv. , ditto, 2QI. (paid in ful), 13 e:;x.interest ;killirney Juny - tionI (101. paid), 8];.__
AicmENT iN E Btis , RnvZR.-About'w month since the Sabrina steamer, plying between Bristol and Corlc, -was stranded on Nelson's oint, on her ontward! voyage from the former port. The vessel lay there til! Thunday, -when, with the return of the string tides, %'h was floated off, and then back to Bristol to nave the extent: of her damage ascertained. Yesterday morning the PMaix steamer, for DubLin, -was run aground at the same pomit; and, if she is not got (off -this day, will in all probi. bility lie there for at least a fortnight, if not A. month. Both vessels are tlle property, or, at least, are ra. ning under the direction o: the 2Bristol Steam INTavigati6m Company. The injuries sustained by the Sabrina are saia to-be verysEligt, NeLson's P~oint being in fact, an accnmu. Lation of soft mud. The oc-4urrence or two accidents, shni. lar in all respects, to the vsasels belongng -to the same corn atny, would seem to indica-Xe a wanLt of proper care on the part of their commanclers, ana the exiReneo of such a pointis hardly creditable to the rver authorities.; DETENION OF THE{ Cmns'oN OF THE: SEAS.- aXIWHPOO, Mrch 7.-The Black Ball mail ship Chm.n pion of the Seas, which was to hava niled to-day for HE91 bourne, has been detained by the Pc6t-offlee authorities 7dni til Sunday, the 9th, in consequence of the diwcoveg resrz day of an undelivered private despatch-bag , e xqmew Baine containing a supplementamr bag of mail letters, among which wAS anadvice of goldto thevalue of 2Q0,0W4 The bag, it appears, was trken to the. Oasom-house along with nome cargo from the James BaWmes4 *d its existenc waz not ascertained until yesterda. e and per for the Champion of the Seas ill ber eceied on monday atthe Po-ohfice up to8 am., with late feoupto 9b.in #z A «tRhe,kaou 9Eva wtoiO0a.m.
Fr7m ifc LORDON GAZTTTE of Friday, Atarc?& 7. ¶WTflEEIAL. . UicH 5. ThQ es htas been pleasea to appoint James, Earl of :`esie, to be lientena:,; and Sheriff Principal of the mire ol Caithnr, in the room of Alexander, Earl of Cxithtess, deccased. FOEOCGN-OFFICE, MARCH 5. M4 Queen bAs been pleased to approve of Mr. Jacob Viliinck as Consul at Livernuwl for the free Hanseaticr tity ! fisheck, CROWN-OFFICE, MARCH 5. lEMBE3tR eturned to serve in the present PARIA- hIENT. County of Rutland. r The Hon. Gilbert Henry Heathrote, in the room of Sir Giliert John Heathcoto, Bart., who has accepted the office of Steward of Her Majesty's Chiltern Hundreds. BOARD OF TRADE, WB1TEHAI4 MARCH 4. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a de- opatoh from Her Majesty's Consul at Marseilles, reporting trat-All vessels arriving at that porb from the East with fever on board will be sent to Frioul, where the sick will be landed, those in good health, or merely wounded, being perimitted to land at Marseilles in free pratique. The vesx;els will be allowed to enter the port after being duly purified, according to the sanitary regulations in force. This Gazette contains an official notice that Hler Majesty In Council has been pleased to approve of the proposed asDignment of a district chapelry to Christ Church,1?addington and and also of the proposed assignment of aparticular district to the church chlled Christchurch, in the district anrish of Tunbridge Wells. WAR DEPARTXENT, MARCH 7. lstlegiment of Dragoon Guards.-Clharles Robert Kerr Hubback, 'sent, to be Comet, without purchaso. 2d Dr&goons.-Capta1n John Uppleby Grayburn, from the Royal 2orth Lincoln Militia, to be Comet, without purchase, vice Bainbridge, appoInted to the 17th Light Dragoons. 3d Light Dragoons.-Richard Blundell, gent., to be Cornet, by pUrwbaso, vice laal], who has retired. Ecsal .Axtilery.-The drst Christian name of Captain Gianyme is 4'r=.-, and not Thomas, as stated in the -'Gazette" of the 29th ult. The secozd CThristian name of Second Captain Wolfe is Smyth, and not .Emith, as stated in the " Gazette I of the20thult. Grenadier Guards.-Ensign and Licut. Somerset Arthur, Earl of Varrick, to be Lieut. and C;aptain, by purchase, vice Mitchel., who getires. Ist Regiment of Foot.-Alfred Bloomtield, gent., to be Ensign, by lDurchase, vice 0.). 1W. Hunter, promoted. 7th Foot.-Charles Farmer, gent., to be Dispenser of Medicines. 0th Foot.-James Spalding Mackay, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, ciceM'Crea, promoted; Lieut. .Eneas Gordon Blair, from the Galovay-Militia, tobe Ensign, without purchase, vice Macfkay, appointed to the 42d Foot. 10th Foot.-Wianm. Enderby, gent., to be FEsign, by purchase,vice Znrtis, promoted. 13thFoot.-Lieut. S. L D. WilIan to be Capt., by purchase, vice Cosling. who ret ; EnsF'n J. F. James to be Lieut., by purchase, S'ice Wiluan; Thomas YarMey, gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice James, 17th Foot-Ensign Wiliam Enderby, from the 10th Foot, to be EnJign, without purchase. 19thFoot.-Colour-Serg. William Rawding to be Quartermaster, vsice Palmer, appointed Paymaster. 22d Foot.-Lieut. William Augustus Trydell Helden, from the Royal Fauth Lincoln3Iilitia, tobe Ensign, withoutpurchase, vice Parr, apvointed to the 60th Foot. 24th Foot.-Henry Price Holford, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Streatfield. promoted; Thomas Hill, gent, to be Ensign, without lyrchase, vice Holford. appointed to the 79th Foot. 27th Foot-Frederic Richard Attwood, gent., to be Ensign, by purThas-, vice Geddes, promoted. 3Uh Foot.-The Christian name of Ensign Peat is ".WillDs," and Mot. " WVlliam" as proviouslystated. 37th Foot.-Jobn Charlcy, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice :Banes, promoted; Lieut. Arthur John Beol from the 3d West York 3£ilit' to be Ensign, vwthout purchase, vice Charley, appointed to the f6th Foot. 41s.tFoot.-Capt. Hedworth Jobn Liddell, from the 81st Foot, to be Capt., vice Sheehy, -who exchanges. 42d Foot.-Ensign J. S. Mackay, [from the 8th Foot, to be Ensign, without purchase. 43d Foot. To be ENSIGNS, by purchase. H-iglh Osbeme Bateman, gent., vice Gorton, promoted. D'UrbanWllam FarrerB4sth, gent., vice Crozier, promoted. 54tlh Foot.-Lancelot Kerby Edwarls, gent., to be Ensign, by purch?ar, vice BayIy, promoted. 55th Foot.-Ensign Norman F. Uniacke to be Lieut., by purchase, 'ice iNuna, who retires. 66!h Foot-Ensign John R. Kelsall to be Lieut., by purchase, vice :Buter, who retires; Ensign John Charley, from the 37th Foot, to fbe Eos'gn, without purchase; JohnLewis Rial, gent., to be Ensign, by murchase, vice Relsall. eet Foot.-Edwyn Brenton Andros, gent., to be Ensign, by pughase, vice Sloman, promoted. 63.lFoot.-MajorCbarles Edward Fairtlough to be Lieut.-Co., by purchase, vice Lindesay, who retires; Brevet-Major W. F. Carter to ,e?ilajor, by purchase,ivice Fairclough. 66ih Foot.-James Howe Mardon, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Oliver, promoted. &-bhFoot-The second Christianname of Ensign Briggs, appointed csnthe 28th ult., is Pitts. 79'h Foot.-Ensign H. P. Holford, from the 24th Foot, to be Ensign without purchase. 813t Foot.-Capt. William Sheeby, from the 41st Foot, to be Capt., vice Liddcll, who exchanges. 87th Foot.-Capt. Alexander Hugh Cobbe to be Major, by purchase, vice Robertson, whose promotion, by purchase, on the 2d of November, 2855, has been cancelled. EEth Foot-The second Christian name of Ensign Buchanan is ransergh. COylon Rifle Regiment.-Lieut. Walter Henry Long to be Capt., by Busuhare. vice Holivorthy, promoted in a Depot Battalion; Ensign Charles Hamilton Roddy to be Lieut., by purchase, vice Long. BRITISH ITALIN LEGION. thl Regiment.-Major It. Crauford, from the 3d Regiment, to be Jsextt.-CoL FRPOVISIONAL DEPOT BATTALIONq. Capt. Edward J. Iolworthy, from the Ceylon Rifle Regiment, to be )laior. by purchase, vice Brevet CoL Giles V. Creagh, who retires. STAFF. To have the local rank of Veterinary Surgeons attached to the Infantry Divisions in the Crimea:- Jchn Cooper, gent 1Idward John Brook, gent. HOSPITAL STAFF. To be ASSISTANT-SURGEoNS. 'A.-ist.-Surg. Thomds Sheeby. M.D., from the 7th FootA,ting-Asist.Surg. John 2Noble Shipton. ,Aeting-Assest.-Surg. Charles Moore e.seop. Actiag-Assist.-Surg. John Harrison Robotham. TIhe surname of the Acting-Assit.-Surg., appointed Assist.-Smrg. in the Gazette" the he 2 "Mth nt., is Morri," and not "Norri,"a,s pre- iouwly stated. BREVET. Capt. and Brevet-Lieut.-CoL John Christie, 3d Regiment Bengal 1ig6t¢Cavalry, to be Aidedo-Camp to the Queen, with the rank of Colonel in the army. Capt. Francis Horatio De Vera, of the Royal Engineers, to be lajor Capt. George Follenius, attached to the British German Legion, to laave the local rank of Major wvhile so employed. Tae undermentioned officers to have local rank in TurlIey while serving with the Turkish Contingent:- Capt. Thoma Garrett, late 14th Light Dragoons, attached to the Camanli Lrregular Cavalry, to have the local rank of Major. To have the local rank of CAPTAXN. Capt. Robert Scott, late 4th Dragoon Guards. Linut. John Crynies, Iate 46th Foot. The underinintioned officers and gentlemen to have local ranlc in T-urkey -while employed on the 3Medical Staff of the Osnianli Irregular Cavalry:- To have the local rank of STrr-Su1tGEoN of the First Class. 'Ee-ond-cass Staff-Surg. Dr. KaLudy. To have the local rank of SURGEON. or. Vic'crJoseph Fransoos Napoleon Louis Peletan.g To have the local rank of ASSISTANT-SURGEONS. M6.ward Govett. gent. X. B. Bl3ndfori, gent., vice Hoare, resigned. The following is substituted for the appointment which lppsared in the Cazette of the 28th of December, 1855:- Jobn Tremenhere Johnston, gent., to have the local rank of Cormet irVbs employed ia the Turkish Contingent. ADMRALTY, MARCI 5. Corps of Royal Marines. Seomnd Loeut. John Dawson Hope to be First ideut., vice J. R. rocke, resigned his commission. CO31MISSIONS S;zned by the Lo_n-LnrxTs-A_N of the County of Worc6srs= M'he Hon. Charles Grantham Scott to beDeputy-Lieut. * By the LoPn-L1EU ZA?cT of the County of Dzvoy. MI!hard SommersGard, Esq., to be Deputy-Lieut. Ist Devon Regiment of Militia.-David Barry Mloriarty to be Ensign ; John" Innes" Bathe (not Joha " Junia" Bathe, as gazetted in 2iovsmber, I855,) to be Esiign. 2dDevonRegimcantof Militia.-William Kennell Coleridge, to be Capt., vice Mlacken, resigned; John Thomas Soltan to be Lieut., vice soletdge, promoted. Exeter and South Devon Volunteer Rifle Battalion.-James: Thom Ceor;e to be Ensign, vice Gifford, resigned; Robert Stewart Dykes to be-iapt., vice rearson, resigned. By the Lonp- LrgUD.rx -T of the County of ST,FFORD. - 2d Regiment of Kies's Own Staffordshirc Militia.-Lieut. Archibald Ives to be Ct., Vice Levett, 3ppointed to 1st Dragoon Guards. By3 l ae tonn-LrESu=N,-Tof the County of GLOCSrTE2, and of the Ciry mnd County of the City of GLOCESran, and of the City and Ccunty nf the City of BRSTOL. Ro?yal South Glocester iight Infantry Regiment of hlilitia,-Ricbard 3)UrLe,g9ent-, to be Ensig., B-y the Los-nL_xuAs-,sT of the County of NoTrr oA - Royal SherwoodForester;,asr Nottinghamshire Regimentof Militia. i-`Frederick Francis Wail, gent., to be Enign, vice King, appointed to the KEdare 1ilitia. tB the LoaD kE-- urxJ -E.tf the County Palatine of LAqC.srM. 2Regmment of the Duke af Lancasters Own militia.-Benjami 'ames *othem, Gent.. to be Ensign; Henry Nichols, gent., to be By7 the LOPaD-LtE.wrrsan--r o cf the County of Mocvroosrxav. Muntgooreryshiro Teomanry QCaalry.-Willia Parry Williams, ) -nt., le 17th Foot, to be Lout., vice Trevor, resigned. :The following appointment iss ubstituted for that which ap 'r i *aCe '"Gaetu"7of Tuesday, the 26th of February last.) Brthe Loa = IT<NcT of theWest Ridiung of the County of YoDl and of the City and Counrty cC the City of YoRist. 3.1 Regiment i"gI' lnfanfty) Of 'West York Bilitia-.-Edwar [n,e.tollwinC appoLsghuent isgubstituted for that which appeared in ,tre G a.rte"nDf Tieseadi last:-J - By the LOaD-ILTEVrENA--Xof the CountY Of HMTFeRD-~, Iertcordeiirc .iltia.-Slnsign ltdward lhrr:en Newbolt to be .,bis " Gazette" contains notices that the followk3g places have been dul jregisteredforthe solemnaIation ofzaarrigeetfherein.- Wedscyan Chapel, Asion, Warwidkshire. )IIbeck Wesloyan ChaPel, Ld. -PARTNERSMPs DISSOLVED. _lt .and J. Skeard, ]{udderalield. corn milers.-J. Glovsr and J. Bugtei. isepool. pitchmskers.-M?Kean and Hannah, ittleHoole, near 1'reiw, D. power-loom cloth manufactarenr.-C. Cowdery mid C. Newxra- ,yde, Kinngbury. Middlesex, wino 10rchanis.-Hietnrng and Rensr:ton, Regent-street, bookseliers.-J. Beard and J. C. Wi liham, IInZy_h-street, tea brukecr-W. HIathway and oD., 3istol, 5tvwoll.s,ipeza-Morgan and Owen, Mhancheter. cornfactosa-?'Ial£-ersamnd'to.,Croydon. machiniste.-WySmark and Co.. Pbilpot-blac, r- rut coni,nlssion mercbants-J. Birns and Sons, Leeds, cloth finsers :a 'farar*,sardsJ.Binns, sen.-LeLv*re andSons, Cleveland.streee, ]LvZeei:dro5d skein silk dyers; as far as regards G. D. Iilvre.-Town-- 'iey_mt ]irklarda4 Liverpool, drapers.-Charlesworth and Meblor, Hud.1 £dwr,jl4l endeIsfwhcre, wooUen scribbing mflers-J. Woob'ey and Co.,Eiugnslham,- manuf§cturing jewellers.-The Dowlais Brewery CompUNty.IM llolla ond Wheaver, Ecdesha mercers.-Beuatall and fion. Eigh-,eoD. Kej,ington, linendrapers-Timbrell and Son, Pet..!aU P 7l{,-.. WlY sr andT. Edvw ards, Birmingham, brassfounders ' -J po n.inu,an tV.He&,arty, George-yard, Cannon-street ship' £azpfte,rs.-F. C. Sintttrissn. J. S. Deeley, and J. P. 51otteram; Tipton. Io -, ; araaxc 'sX J. P. Motteramr.J. and S. C. Treleaven, Iofsn=j!ogptferr_.-_aNdt.E Sharpe, Ner Sleaford, Lincobishire,. railler5.,-4i:.4nnW. Baiasley, 9isckport, taannerm.-Knight ndDon. Cqjtea, l tnestcrj nedraerS.-.L and L. Iilteher, jun.,Crwiflr. lane hr-,s *nfo etc.-. Hay1nses.and J. B.JTanbbry. Loaibnicn gttt orpoyL-Ball So.1 Co., ottainngham and liker ton fl .tei ~lljps,z Br', iik throwvter3.-ojld aind HEawotls, Ash.. F- r cwji^ipe; Eott'.i LFlrsantujs ri -',X Preese and W, -T ^2'4 ooeC and G. WooD, Sbaftesbury-shmtr New 7&!bml EOAAION?SOF DIVMEN-QD. A;p~ Id. ODu Wer? needaj next, and ubeequent Wednesdays, at Mr. = 72, Samlbrook-court, Basinghall-street. 'T ZPs.er Wnhcsterlldingas, Broad-street, moinig agent-4rst div. Of. 7s. Md, on Wednesday next, and three subsequent WednesdaTs., at Mr. 3Edwvards^, Sa'nbrook-court, Balighall-street. 'Huntchison, Palace-row. New-road, timber merchant-secoud div. of 6jd. on Wednesday next, and three subsequent Wednesdan, at Mir. EAwvards's, Sambrook-court, Bausiughail-street. BPediord, near Leigh, Lancahire, cotton manufacturer-iirEtaiv. of 9s. 6d., On separate eetate, any Tuesday, at Mr. IOe'ot' Nanehester T.Sonthward, Bolton-lo-Moors, corr merchant-first div. of Sd,, any Tuesday. at Mr. Pott's. Manchester. ' a J. Riley. Chester, china dealer-tirst div. of 3., any Thursday, at Mir. Cazenove's, L iverpoooL. Thomas Cooper, oflfootton, Isle of Wight, farmer, to surrender, Mardil tS at 1 o'dlock, April IZ, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: aobicitors, Messrs. SewelL, Fox, and Seweill Old Broad-street; Meaes Foquett and Mewv, Newport; official assignee, Mv. Johnson, Basing- hall-street. I James Barker, Brixton, builder, March 17. at 2 'cl'ock, April16, at 1, at the Banknrpts' Court: soheitor, Ar. Stronghill, Colemanstreetofficial assignee, Ar. Stanafeld. George Barker, Henry-street, EKennington-lane, contraetor, March 18, at half-past 2 o'clock, April 15, at 1, at the Bankrupts'Court: solicitor, M4r. Leefe, New Bond-street, Hanover-square; ofEcial a -sgnee Mr. Edwards, Sambrook-court, Basinuhall-street. George Pennell, Stoke-upon-Trent, grocer, March 20, at half-past 10 O'clock, April 11, at 11, at the Birmingham District Courto£Baakruptcy: soicitors, Mr. Flint, or Messrs. Motteram and Knight, Birmingham ; offlcial assignee, Mr. Bittleston, Birmingham. Buxton Kenrick, Frampton, Lincolnshire. shipovwner, Mach 18, April 8, at half-paet 19 o'lockl, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptcy, at Nottingham: soLdtors. Mes. White and Calthrop Boston; Messrs. Motteram and Knight, Birmingham; offcldal asaig- ne,Nr ars *Nottingham. yiwb AtLinsson Jeuth. Lincohlnhire, miller, Mfarch 26, A nil 23, at 12 o'clockr,at the L~ceds District Court of Bankruptcy, at }[ingstonn~pon-Hful: solictor, 7,fr. Browa, Lincoln; offlcial assignee, Mr. Carnick, HfulL. April 3, W. Iaslett, Ash, next Sandwich, Kent, dealer in hay.- April 3, H. . Lane, Argyle-street, Regent-street, and UJnion-erescent, V,andswrorth-road, hill broker.-April , J. Sims, Blakeney, Glocestershire, tailor.-hlarch 28, A. It. Fry, SmnderlandL hssilder.-March 28, J. Rushton, Carlisle, plasterer.-April 2, P. Ward, Hiarringion, Curn. berland, alkali manufacturer. UERTIFICATES to be granted unlea cause be shown to the contrary on the day of meeting. March 28, J. Farman, Portobello-terrace, Notting-hill, builder.- March 28, H. elely, Arthur-street and Broad-street, Bloomsbury, dealer in building materials.-Narch 28, T. Edgley. Skinner-place, Sisc-lane snerchant.-March 23. J. Wilson, late of Wnhitehaven and Liverpooi, shipbroker.-March 28, J. Skinner, Bouverie-street, Fleet. street, carpenter.-March 28 W. Osler Earl-street, Finsbury-square, cab proprietor.-April 3, J. I . haude. Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street, and elsewhere, lighterman.-Apri 2, J. T. Merrick, Chancellor-road, Hammersmith, and St. George's-place Walwortlh-road, builder.- April , A. Francs late of George-sara, Lombard-street, dealer in mining shares.-Mlacrh 31, H. Dalimore. ewport, Isle of Wight. grocer.-April 2, J. and G. Barton and J. Parks, Manchester and Blroughton, copper roller manufacturers.-April 2, T. S. Sladen, Mancheater corn dealer.-April 2, H. Stirke, Manchester, money scrivener. -March31, S. Lowve, Oldham, provision dealer.-March 31, J. Kirkham, Blackburn, Lancashire, cotton manufacturer.-Mfarch 3l, E. Leece, Whutti.e-le-Woods. Lancashire, cotton spinner.-April -r J. Pratt, Castleford, Yorkshire, earthenware, manufacturer.-April 3, 1. Hughes, Shre abusy. maltster.-April 3.3J. Rand, Longton, Staffordshire, grocer.-N3rch 31. G. T. Bate, WYest Bromwlch, Stalfordshire, grocer.-hfardi 31, T. H. Iyland, Brmaingham, wood turner.- March 31, J.fuscott, Pembuidge, P;erefordshire, engineer. SCOTCH SEQ ESTRATIONS. R. Cochran, Dundee, druggist, Mach 17, at 12'clock, at the British Hotel. Dundee. R. Mitchell, hMonymuisk. Aberdeenshire, surgeon, March 17, at 12 o'clock, at the Royal Hotel, Aberdeen. - THE CORN AVERAGES. General Weekly Average received in tho week ended March L 1856:- The Average Price of Brown orMuscovado Sugar, computed from the returns made in the week ending the 4th of Mareh, exclusive of Customs' dutiespaidorpayablethereonon the importation thereof Into Great Britam. L d. PromtheBlitishpo3sessionsinAmexica 23 i per cW. nrom the Mauritius .. 23 0. From the East Indies 27 lThe average price of the three roreg ag de^2 5 scriptions of sugar, jointly. computedas above and exclusive of duty .. .. ... .. 24 21 By authoritY of Psrliament, | rci'-aI Kcry Bxcgixr Clerk of the Grocers' Ccmpanr.
THE CORY TRADE. -W CORN-EXC}AGE, PRDAY, MA3CW 7. The arrivals are not large, but the supplies in some cases show an increase Wheat is saleable at about ?Mondays decline, but the operations have not been important. In barley andoats there is no great alteration, though late quotations are fairly supported., riour, iigUSO, ±.oOu 55ex5 rorelgn, o vacKs anu. w,A Darrel. LIVERPOOL, MAoE 7. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise. during the past three dams have been liberal of oatmeal, but light of other articleo. t rom foreign ports we have received 6,298 quarters of wheat, 1,330 quarters of beans, 2.623quarters of Indian corn, 2,430 Packs and 1,000 barrels of fdour. The exports in the same time comprise 785 quarters of wheat. 5,Sl3eiuarters of Indian corn, 1,074 barrels of Indian corn meal, and 542 sacks of flour. Our trade has been exceedingly quiet since Tuesday for bethwheat and flour; ad, with the exceptionof afew large P;alesof the formuer at,a frtherrdrinf2.o3.prbse,w have scarcelysheardboea trarsaction. wan ceru baabeen i fairrequest, and some sales of prime mixed are reported at 31s. 9d. to 32S per 4801b. At to daysmarlket there w as a good attendance Of town and country daysraers, tanthe rdEecine of the last twvo daysbeing6 fully recovered. Elour w as comparatively neglected, and again the turn low er. Oats and oatmeal w ere in rather better demand, but no imnprovemnent in price could be established. Barley, beans, andpeas were vithout alteration in value or demand. There w as not much Indian corn offering, as the contrary vinds are keeping out the supplieson the way, and holders are enabled to make 6d. per quarter more moneyfor pnino parcels. WA EFIELD, nLRCon 7 WVheet must be noted is. to 2s. per quarter lower than last Friday, but there is more inclination on the part of millers to do business than at Leeds on Tuesday, and on the other hand holders are less disposed to press sales, and have in many cases withdraw%n their samples. Fine barleyrather dearer. Beans dull sale. In oats and sheling not much change. Wheatperquarterof8bushels,601b K E. S. N. Esse. Sufrolk, and Kent, white . 72 to 76 70 to 74 Red.. .. 66- 70 63-69 Norfolkand Cambridge, vhite .. 69 - 73 67-71 Red.. .. 65- 69 60-66 Lincoinsire and Yorkshlre, white .. 69 - 73 67- 71 Red .. .. 65- 69 60-66 Dantsic and Konigberg. 70 - 75 - - Baltic and Hamburg, red. 65 -60 - - Barley, per quarter of 8 bushel.- Norfolk and Suffolk Impeil . - 39-40 Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, 5Mb. per bushel .. .. .. .. .. - -- 39 -42
LIVERPOOL COTTON-MARKET. TIVERPOOL. - AIrAn 7 A Tery fair amount of business has been done this week in ootton. and for kinds about "middn extreme rates have been cusent, but thoughthe market outhewholehaspresenteda 5mm appearance, yet it has been free from animation,andwemae little alteration in our quotations for American descriptions. In Sea Islands the business done has been moderate; but for common sorts prices are rather higher. Egyptians have received some attention this week, and the sales arconsiderable; our quotations are slITghtly advanced. A fair amount ef business has been done in Brazils, and prices are weU supported. Surats continue in good demand, and the very small stock enables holders to obtain prices, establishing Id. advance upon last week. 5,410 American, 100 Egyptian, 500 Sahia, and 2,470 Surat are reported on speculation; 930Amencan, 50 Egyptian. and 1,130 East India for nruort. To-day we hare a fair demrand, and the market is well supplieat current rates, and in common cotton giving rather better choice ; the sales are 8,000 bales, chiefly to the trade. I Sales-Thia week, 04,210 total this year, 612,280; same period in Imported.-This wee,' 33,024;* total this year, 64,329; same period in 1855, 475.013G total imported in lE855 2,143,301. Excported.-Tins Ye ar. 41,6000; same period in 1855. 16,09Z Compuited Stocks.-Thia day, 371,380; same period in 1855, 634,020. Taken for oussinoption this year, 445,100; asame period in 1855, Bales. Taken on speculatio° tbis year .. .. .. 104,030 Same in 155067,745 Sstock,iin iverpool, December31, 855 . 428,810 Sameinl858 .. ..1~~~~~~~51,340 Decreasse of import this jear, compared with thea same date last year .. . .. . .. . .. 45.707 Incr ease of cavort . .. . . .. 25 509 | Dncreas-e of stock.W _ . . 202640 Increse ofquantty44w f~r onsumtion . ..62,000
I. dvetisement.]-W l7e the bject of national educa tinisbi g an:idly discussed ~in iPsr1iament, and whLile faetion is renderingabotive everyZ, rethat is proposed, pivateerteririse b ver iD advance of the C;osnrnent, issnaieIiaI theO p3eoplstoelincate tl,mselves. Without the . a id Rof anact-,f i'arlament e of pur.lic men. ey, anyvper3on may obtain fgAz 21. k oWht an edoiatnior'superisc to th.t w%Mch nine-tenths of the middle riisseof society eceire. O 29thof March wifl earithe * Irst C eea ym aberof there, ksneeof 'Cassel's Popular. -anc tor," oli±ed! 137 Profestor aUll~c ~,.. of ihe Univer3ity of Glas3, adCalleiateZ utor of the Uni. versityof london, price-Ip,tcbe pgblPhad aleoihmonthly partg price 7d., ancr 8td- in divislons: }i bpndeome coolured %nzPxer Drice Is.;* and in hait YedaY volumes, PnCe 4s. l.; tbe t hole somplete ia sfix c;olumnes, oon. i2ii an nvdalPrIle7 library of useful konoledge. Yor the convenlehs e Of those wborwisht o mplete se£ v withbiit delay, or tO purchase the e?5tire wo~lr lhfOWhele vi bekept onb d lurnig the period of re-issile. The firs tJFre vohmwse may also be ba4 o0t seferiorpaPer at id perii.mer 4, W4d ft per part, 3s. 6du. per vot., or' crlnnlete mn1vol. rsi.& i-<tndon, ,etr Rcntid Co., Patem~~ostln iini SU 2o,l:1le171 W7r9eDCs' JP W4t kbrj4qm '-
MOKY-MARKfTanZ ITY INTELLIGENCE. Friday Eveniur. The English funds have again been heavy to-dg but from no other cause than the continued pressure for money. Consols opened at the closing quotation of last evening-namely, 91t to j, and almost immediately declined to 91k. They then remained at 91j to #, until near the close of business, when there was a little more firmness, the last prices being 91i to X for money, and 91k to 92 for the 10th of April. Advances on Govemment securities were in active demand throughout the day at 6 per cent., the settlement of the transactions in the scrip of the new loan having increased the requirements of the dealers. Bank Stock, and all the other stocks with dividends payable in April, are now closed, the final bargains in New Three per Cents. being at 92i to J. Consol scrip left off at 1I premium; India-bonds, 6s. to 3s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98 to z; and Exchequer-bills (March) 3s. to Us. discount (June) Is. discount to is. premium. Foreign securities have not varied in any great degree, but there was increased heaviness towards the close of business. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 96i and 90. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was dealt in at 100k and t. The general operations comprised, Brazilian Five per Cents., 101I; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., new, 92; Buenos Ayres, 57i; Mexican, for account, 20 and 20k; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 797; 1Russian Five per Cents., fos money, 102k; for the account, 102a ; the Four-andHalf per Cents., 92k andi; Sardinian Five per Cents., 90k; Spanish Three per Cents., 43; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 23 ; Passive, 6i; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64. -ln the foreign ex;changes this afternoon the rate upon Amsterdam was again higher. With regard to Paris and Hamburg the quotations of last post were fully maintained. Thecorn-market was steady this morning at the rates of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a full business, without change in quotations. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 10c. for money, and 72f. 80c. for the end of the month, showing a fall of more than a J per cent. The continental advices describe a very favourable appearance of the exchanges at almost all points. At Aterdam and Hamburg they have experienced a further advance, and at the latter city money has become easier at 4k per cent. The business transacted in the colonial produce markets during the week has been rather moderate. Sugar was in very good demand, and, although large quantities were brought to sale at the beginning of the week, nearly the whole were disposed of at an advance of (3d. to is. per cwt. Subsequently there has been less inclination to operate, the prices paid being very irregular, and showing an average ,reaction of about 6d. per cwt. A cargo of brown Paraiba has been reported sold, but the terms have not transpired. The tea-market continues flat. The sales of Tuesday last passed off very heavily, but there is more inquiry for some descriptions of green teas. Of coffee very little has been offered, and transactions are limited-quotations remaining w±vAbUouu vnge. 1~rge quantities or rnce have been brought forward, aud rate5 are fully 6d. per cwt. lower. Saltpetre has been in better demand, and same kinds-exhibit an advance of 2s. to 2s. 6d. per cwt. from the lowest point. The depreciation for some time in progress in the shares of the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada, and the adverse influences temporarily operating on its prospects from the effects of the war and the state of the money-market, have led to a meeting being held zo-flay or some ot the most minuential person: interested in the undertaking to devise means fo restoring its position. MIr. T. M. Weguelin occupied the chair, and the following resolutions were adopted, suggesting that under the peculiar circumstances of the case the interference and aid of the provincial government should be solicited, and nominatino a committee to co-operate with the London members of theboardin promoting suchan arrangementasmay be deemed most advantageous for the shareholders and forthe future welfare of the colony. At the same time fulL confidence was unanimously expressed that the line will ultimately realize the anticipations originally entertained of it:- "1 Moved by Mr. WEGUELN, seconded by Mr. WiLmA.u REID, That having regard to the advantages which have resulted to the Govermnert and people of Canada from the support afforded byEnglish capitalists to the undertaking of the Grand Trunk Rlailway Company, and considering the actual condition in which, from a combination of circumstances quite irrespective of its merits, it is now placed, this meeting are of opinion that an appeal may justly and properly be made to the Canadian Govermnent for present aid, either in the shape of a limited guarantee upon the share capital, or in such other mode as may bejudged expedient, and would be likely to be effectual." "Moved by hr. Diuox, seconded by Sir WumLAm Cusrrr, That a committee be appointed to communnicate to the English Board of Directors the resolution adopted by this meeting, to request their concurrence in the proposed policy, and to express the willingness of the committee to co-operate with the board in any mlanner which maybe considered expedient for the purpose of giving effect thereto." "M hoved by Mr. THwoAS CLOSE, seconded by MEr. TIrE, bLP., That Messrs. Weguelin, Hubbard, Dilon, Laing M.P., IJzielli, R. Gillespie, and Count Strzelecki, be requested to act as the members of the said committee, with power to add to their number, and that the Hon. Mr. Sapier be requested to act as secretary to the commnittee." The annexed letter appears to express the general feeling of the commercial public as well as of the principal banking firms regarding the bill of Mr. Apsley Pellatt for legalizing the practice as t; crossed checks. At the same time, it has been suggested by a different correspondent, that the bill. which at present refers to checks payable on demand only, should be made also to apply both to checks payable to order and at sight; a check payable to order, endorsed in blank, would require the protection of a crossing as much as any other .- " Sir,-The banking and commercial community owe to Mr. Apsley PeUlatt a debt of gratitude for the introductioa of his biU to settle the vexed question of 'crossed checlk; the practice of crossing has been found to be so salutary a a protection against fraud, both to the drawers and holders ot checks, that a grave responsibility rests on those whar attempt to disturb it. The proposed measure, if carried, will set at rest the uncertainty at present prevailing on the sabject, and I t MIr. Pellatt will receive the support not only of commercial meii in the House of Commnons, but that the Government will feel it tobe their dutyto sanction this bill and assist in passing it speedily into law, thus giving an additional protection agamnst loss arising from robberies of letters at the Post-office, which bankers know to their cost are so frequentlv occurrinz. a r " am, &c., M. "Lombard-stree, March 7." The Van Diemen's Land Company have issued their report preparatory to their yearly meeting on Thursday next. The chief agent of the company, having been absent fiom the colony during the last 12 months, sales of land have been suspended in order that hemight, on resuming his duties, carry out some fiesh regulations. He returned to the colony by thle Royal Charter from Liverpool in January last, and took ivth him new instructions. MIeanwhile the evidence afforded of the rapid rise in the value of the Government lands adjoining those of the company, by the prices obtained when sales have taken plaee, gives strong encouragement with regard to the prospects of the entire district. In a recent instance the company had to relet 300 acres of cleared land which had been previously occupied for four years at 11. per acre, and ittwas immediately taken fer one year at an average of more than 31. per acre. The faeilities of steam communication along the coast continue to be maintained, and a prospect exists of its being established between Circular-head and Melbourne. With regard to the finances of the company, there are not at present sLifficient funds to pay a dividend of 1Os. per share, but it is hoped such a distribution will be made before the end of the year. The amount now in hand is 3,3491. Cape of Good Hope papers to the 4th of Januar,r have been received. They contain little of interest but state that commercial affairs are gradually re covering from their late depression. The operation; in mining have been brought within reasonabl3 bounds, and it is believed that the wealth of Namaqualand will henceforth be steadily developed. Messrs. Southey anld Son, with reference to thei. circular yesterday on the close of the colonial woo sales, have supplied an omission, to the effect tha. some stout haired and certain other sorts of woo' realized 4d. to 5d. per lb. -advance on previou; rates. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 1st of March gives the following results when compared with the previous week- PNblio deposits . "I4O083,033.;.Decrease £58,518 OtJe.rdepoits ., 13,918,279 ... Decrease 844 0S5 3tl. . 3,779,752-...Icreaee 309 706 XO the other sideof the account Government securities... £11,451,006 ...Decrese £495,00O Otheaiueirities.- .... -9..490,762 ... Iacreas 305,585 Notes unemployed ... 5,493,00 ... Decresse 355,805 o amQmt Q: 42i9 in oixMti 1Q s1,9362212,, being an increase of 393,7051.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is10,599,650W., showing an increase of 24,2581., when compared with the precedmpg return. The amount of rest in the present return is 3,Z79,7521.; and a dividend of *~ per cent. deducted from tbis would leave 3,124,8(7., which is a greater surplus than has remained after the payment of a dividend for some time past. It is probable, therefore, that not less than 4i per cent. wil be declared at the next meeting.
RAILWA Y AND MINING SHARES. Friday Evenlng. The railway-market was less firm to-day, and prices in some cases closed at a slight decline. In the shares of the Australian land and banking companies there was not much activity, but quotations, on the average, were fairly supported. Canada Land exhibited a further advance, and, having been negotiated at 140 and 146k, left off 140 to 150. Crystal Palace closed 2 to gE; Bank of Egypt "to 1 pm.; Ottoman Bank, par to i pm.; West V etroolitan Bank, i pm.; National Discount Company, dis. to par; and Pernambuco Raiilway, i dis. to pm.
TRADE REPOBT. Friday Evening. SuGau-There was less eagerness to do business at tho public sales to-day. The qunntity being again very large, 1,148 bags, rather damped the ardour of speculators. The refined market being also cheaper, the horne trade were irdisposed to buy. Only about one-third was sold at 6d. to ls. per cwt. reduction. The following are the particulars :-13,255 bags Mauritius low to fine brown, 33&. to 37s. 6d.; low to middling yellow, 38s. 6d. to 41s. ; good and fine yellow, 42s. to 43s. 6d.; crystalized, 40s. to 445. ; 2,133 bags Bengal Cossipore, 44s.; syrup, 40s. to 42s.; middling to fine date, 40s. to 44s.; Benares good to fine white, 449. 6d. to 47s. ; 5,760 bags native Madras, Sls. to 34s. 317 hhds. West India have been-disposed of, making 2,220 for the week. CoaEEn-There was only one public sale of a few casks of plantation Ceylon, which realized 61s. Wd. for bold coloury, and 82 half-bales of Mocha, which were bought in at 75c. for fair garbled. RicE.-The auctions to-day comprised 3,000 bags Bengal and 5,278 bags Madras. The Bengal was bought in above the market value, with the exception of a small portion of cargo sold at 8s. 6d. to 9s. Of the Madras, about 400 bags fair pinLcy brought 10s., but the remainder, middling and ordinary, was taken in at 9s. 3d. to 9s 6d., which is ls. per cwt. reduction from the previous nominal rates. Privately 2,500 bags good middling Bengal are reported at lis. to Us. 3d. DRaD FiuuR.-The currant-market is graduallyrecovering from its long depression, and the trade are purchasing more freely. Arrivals appear for the present to have ceased. Turkey redraisins are in better demaud at former prices. Valentias neglected.
I BAIL-WAY KTEZZlLENCE. M he following are the mceipts of rnils for the pad: Iweek:- The traffic returns of railways in the nited ldngdoin imblished for the week ending March 1, amounted taP57,8531., and for the corresponding week of 1855 toD 31a,334C., showing an increase of 42,5191. The gross racelpts. of the eight railways having their terrmin in t,hmetropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 152.0041., and for the corresponding week of lastyear to138,5051., showing an increase of 13,4391. The increase oa theEastern CountiesRailwayamounted to 1,613C.; on that Great Northern to 2,103C.- on the Great Western to1,200!.; on the London and forth-Western to 2,140C.,; on. the London and Blackwall to -10!. ; on the Londen, Brighton, and South Coast, to 2,025.W; on the London, and South-Western to 2,013!; and on the SouthEastern to 2,235C.; total, 13,4391. The receipts on. the other lines in the uinited kingdomn amounted to 205,849!., and for the ccrresponding period of 1855 to-- 176,769!., showing an icrease of '29,050!. in the receipts of; those lines, which, added tothe increase on the metrocpolitan. lines, makes the total increase 42,519!., as conmpared wit3L the corresponding week of 1855. WEST LONDON. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. S. Bird in the chair. Mr. W. Tarquand, the secretary, read the report, whickla stated that the directors hoped to have been able to announce.. to the proprietors that the long pending disputes with thez London and North-Western Railway Company had ere this. been finally adjusted by Mr. Hawkshaw's award, but they regretted to say that, in consequence of delay caused by thea difficulty of procuring the attendance of the profession-,X gentlemen employed, the inquiry has not yet terminatecdi The case on behalf of this companyhas been fully gone into, but that of the London and North-Western Company husbeen only partly heard; the hearing will, howvever, shortlybe resumed, and the directors feel great confidence tht ant, award will be made before the next half-yearly generi. meeting. There has been a decrease in the total tonnage of the Kensington Canal, as compared with thepreceding halfyear, of 5,233 tons. There has been an increase of 3,183 tons in the traffic from the railway, but a decrease of 16&tons in the traflicto the railway. The statement of receiptir and disbursements for the half-year ending the 31st of DIecember last shows that 300,811L had been received, indud- - ing 1,2411. during the half-year fortraffic on the railway and.' Icanal, and 296,2L5!. expended, including 1,1221. expendei. during the half-year, of which LOOO1 . consisted of legal enpenses, leaving a balance of 9451. due to the company, and a balance at the bank of 3,5701. The CiLNLAN, in reply toaquestion from Mr. loveless,'. stated that the delay did not rest with their solicitor, nor with the solicitor of the London and North-Western Com-n pany, but with the gentlemen of the long robe. The greast-. difficulty was to make an appointment that would suit thQcounsel of the London and :North-Western Company. Mr. Reed, the solicitor to the company, stated that the'11th and 12th of April were the days appointed for proceeding with the arbitration and concluding the case of the London and North-Western. Unless they could get the, counsel to meet before the long term, which would com-- mence on the 15th of that month, the matter would be de. layed a considerable time. They had had several meetings. rendered useless in consequence of the counsel for the london and North-Western Company being otherwise engaged. He believed there was every desire on the part of the officeerof that company to bring the arbitration to a conclusion_ Between the 8th and 23d of Mfay there wouldbe an appointment for that purpose. On the motion of lYr. LOVLIESS the report was adoptec,4 and the retirin- directors were re-elocted. The proceedigs concluded 'with a vote of thanks to the: chairman and directors. LAINCASTER AND CARLISLE. The report of the diectors states that during the past. half-year the traffic had much improved, the actual earningsm being nearly equal to those of the half-year ending January, 1S54, when a dividend after the rate of SApercent percent. per annum was paid. The apparent excess of that. half-year arose in part from an over-estimate made of the amount due for the Post-office service, then underthe consideration of an arbitrator, who mltimatelyawarded less than the directors had reason to ex-- pect; and, according to the arrangement made at thelast general meeting, a fourth of the over-estimated amounit was debited against the earnings of the half-year just endecl. Notwithstanding the increased cost of labour and materials,. 'he account of expenditune was nearly the same in amountas that of the half-year ending January, 1854. The sunnproposed to be divided among the shareholders wrz only 3167. less than the amount of the 83 per cent. dividend declared two years since, and if the company', mortgage debt had not been capitalized, the net balance of thehalf-year just ended would have sofficed to pay a dividend at the rate of S3 per cent., leaving, as at present, 4,000!. to be added t the renewal fund. The renewrXand extension of the arrangementS with the othen' companies interested in the traffic between Scotland. and England had been concluded, and there wasreason to hope that they would -work satisfactorily. Arrangements for providing the locomotive power forworking the line at the e cpiration of the present contract,. with the London and North-WFestern Bailway Company, im-- July, 1857, had for many montha past occupied the an xious attention of the directors, but they had not been abla to obtain a renewPal of the contract on terms advisable for the company to adopt. The directors were therefore7 taking steps to enable the company to work its own line,. and, in consequence, it would be necesssry to raise additional capital to the amount of 300,000!. The disposablosum 'will adunit of a dividend at the rate of 71 per cent. perannum, _
PABRLAMBNTARY INTELLIGEBYC., NOUSE OP LORD, F.RWAY, MARCH T ROYAL cOmsITON. Ime Th-euse mret siorUr before 5 o'eloek. The Royal assent was given by commission to the follow'nri bills --The Exchequer-bills Funding Bill, the-AAnnuities l3El the Consolidated Fund (1,631,001t. Is. 5d.) Bill, and OlZeJoint-S ock- Banks (Scotland) Bill. The Royal Commisioners were the Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Argyll, 4nd the Earl of Harrowby. NATIONAL PORTRAIT GALLERY. MIESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. The Marquis of BREADALBANE, Lord Chamberlain, id,-I have to r eport to your lordships that, in accordance with an order of this House, an address has been presented to Her Majesty with reference to the expediency of fornming :a gallery of national mortraits. That address was graciously received by Her Xafesty, and Her Majesty was pleased to order the followian answer to be returned to the House:- t I have receivecl your address, praying that I will take into consideration the expediency of forming a gallery of 'the portraits of the most eminent persons in British history, -3nd I will direct an inquiry to be made as to how. the object 7ou have in view may best be attained." TORTURE : INDIA. The Earl of ALBEMARLE gave notice that after Easter he would bring under the consideration of the House the .report lately laid upon the table respecting the universal ractice of torturo in the Presidency of Madras. VWhen he ,-sadLast called their lordships' attention to this subject he Jiad moved for a certain number of returns, which were -orcered, but he had since been informed by Her Majesty's Ministers that Esome of those returns could not be produced -without considerable trouble and expense. He would herefore inquira en Tuesday next which of them could be kaid before the House without communication with the -Government of India. ILAW OF CHURCH-RATES. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY.-My lords, I am -desired to present some petitions to your lordships' House, -'which al concur in praying that your lordships will not -consent to the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent being provided. My lords, I heartily concur wvith these :Tetitioners intheir prayer; and shall be most thankful if an -equivalent can be found and its efficiency secured. It is zrue that I laid a bill on the table of this house last year, which it afterwards appeared that this House was not comp-tent to originate-a bill founded on a different principle. .Xut it must not be supposed that those who proposed -that measure approved it as a measure that was the ;mnost desirable, though they agreed to it as the 'est measure that seemed practicable. On those grounds .,on lwas it proposed by the bishops, who were at -that time in London, without, as well as I remem.ler, any difference of opinion. My lords, no measure -can be defended as right in principle which exempts a large ,Part oEf the prcperty of this country from a payment to -which it has beea subject from time immemorial, and sub*ject to which every proprietor has received or procured it. L cannot wonder that many insist upon this principle, and are surprised that any one should surrender it. I can only crepeat thatI shall be most thankful to those who, under present circumstances, will show how it can be main-tained. The petitions were then laid on the table. 3MERCANTILE LAW AMENDENT BELL.-NERCALNTEE LAW (SCOTLAND) AMENDIENT BILL. The LORD CHANCELLOR moved that these bills be -reada second tile, with the view to being referred to a . select comunittee. Lord BROUG RAM concurred in the propriety of this -course, and anticipated great benefit from the bills. In the -conveyance of red property the law of Scotland was greatly superior to that of this country, but in the law affecting trade and commcerce, with the exception of that referring -to the execution of bills of exchange and promissory notes it was very inf3rior. He approved this process of assimalating the mercantile law of the two countries, and trusted that it would lbe the foreru=ner of a greater and more -entire assixailation of the entire system of jurisprudence of -the two conmtries. The bills; were then read a second time. -REGISTRATION OF BIRTHS AND DEATHS IN SCOTLANTD. -Lord KINNAERD, in moving for returns of the namber, -weight, and cost of books, schedules, and stationery issued -fn the different larishes in Scotland for the years 1855 and :1856, and the namber of registrations in each parish, ex,plained that his object was to show the unnecessary ex-_ense incurred h7the lavish issue of these papers. 'l'heir lordenhips wouHl, perhaps, be surprised to hear that each birth or veath registered in Scotland, cost from It. to 21. The only difference betwev.-n the books of 1855 and those of 1856 was ~anomission in the latter of the requisition that every woman ishould swear thet she was present at the birth of her own child. (A lauagh.) The motion wvas agreed to. The Turnpike Tnrsts Arrangement Bill -was read a third 'time and passed. Their lowdships adjourned shortly after half-past 5 o'clock.
HOUSE OF' COMMONS, F-iA;Y, MIRC 7. The Meore and Warrington Railway Bill was read a -econd time.. On the motion of Lord Hormx, the order of the day for Ahe second reading of the Drifflield Navigation Bill was read dnd discharged, and the bill was withdrawn. Petitions were presented by Mr. S. DAviEs, from the -inhabitant; of :2langathen, Carnarthenshire, aainst the removal of St. David's College, Lampeter, to Brecon ; by 3Xr. HADFD, from the Metropolitan and Provincial Law Association, praying that, in the bill to amend the laws zelating to the qualifications of justices of tho peace, that -clause which prohibits an attorney, solicitor, or proctor from being a justice of the peace may be omitted, and that insteadthereoftheremay be a clause enacting, that any sattorney, solicitor, or proctor, acting as a justice of the -peace, sha'l be prohibited from practising in any general or petty session; by Mr. Du-aLoP, from Mr. R. A. Macfie, -of Liverpool, fcr alterations in the Partnership Bill; by ,Captain SCOBFILL, from members of the medical profes- sion at Bath in favour of the bill for the registration and Regulation oftheMedicalProfession; byMr. TOLLEMACHIE, -1rom members ol the medical profession at Birkenhead and aughton in favour of medical reform; by Lord GODERICH, lrom the ludderafleld Improvement Commissioners against the Pollee Bill; and from Mr. J. Hirst against the Medical Profession Bill; by MEr. ALEXA?DER HASTIE (9), from public works in Glasgow and neighbourhood, praying for a saw to regulate and control all unlicensed brokers or dealers in secondhand goods; by Mr. HoRSFALL. from certain clergymen and churchwarden s of the parish of Livernool, prayingth.,t in any legislation on the subject of churchrates the property of the church may he respected, and that, in the event of any parties bein- exemptcd from contributing to the support of the church, they may not be allowed 4o take part in the distribution of the funds raised; by the SoLI'IToP.-GENmuL, from Messrs. Spencer and Giassspole in favour of the Medical Reform Bill; by MLr. S,SD sRq, from the inhabitants of W.akefinld i pubEc meeting assembled againstthe Police Bill in Counties and Eoronhs; by Mr. PIGOTT', from the Mayor, aldermen, and burgesses cf Reading against the Police Bill; and by 31r. lKm.flD,-om the Wright Incorporation of the crty of :Perth in favour of a bill arranging the financial affairs of *that city. RECRUITING IN THiEE UNITEI) STATES. Sir D. I,. EVANS postponed his motion on this subject mtil after Eastbr. THE PROPOSED NEW ROAD THROUJGH ST. JAMES'S PARK. Sir B. IrHTT brought up the report of the committee appointed to consider the best means of improving the comaunication betwireen those parts of the metropolis lying on the north, south, and south-west sides of St. James's Park. The report was read b7 the clerk at the table as Iollows . "Your committee have considered the best means of communication between those parts of the metropolis which lie north of St. James's Park and those parts which lie south and south-west thereof, and are of opinion that on the whole the best means of communication may be found through the area of St. James's Park, though your committee suggest that to any considerable increase of traffic in the Royal parks there are grave objections. Your committee have to report that they have considered the two -lans referred to them by an order of the House ,of the 1Sih ofFebruary last. Plan No. 1 is a road com3nencing inPall-mall at the present entrance toMarlboroughlhouse passing -'hrough the building now used as a German cbapes, an dr along the centre of the paved way lceaing tothe Mall, between the gardens of St. James's Palace and Marlborough-house. It crosses the Mall Ipon a level, enters the enclosed ground, and contiues on the same level until it reaches a point about 50yards within the-railing. Thence the ground falls eight feet to th: water's edge, and the road is carried on a rise of I foot in 50 fee;s which gives a headroom of 10 feet 9 inches over the wal krow existing near the water, thus allowing access from one side of the roadway to the other. The road is carried over it bridge, and is continued on the south side -of the water, nmuch inthe samemanner as on the north side, terminating in tlie Birdcage-walk, immediately opposite to Queen's-sluare. Plan No. 2 is a line carried through Cleveland-row, by widening it on the north side, so that the road may be taken nearly in continuation of the north side of Pall-malIL It passes in fr-ont of Bridgewaterhouse, through ILord Sydney's house, and into the Green Park. It thence makes a curve to the north-west angle of tho YJal, and, passing in front of Buckingham Paiace, takes its course to Buckingham-gate, near the Duchy of Coraiwall-office. Your committee have also consideredthe expodiencyof openinga roadfrom Waterloo-place at a point marked F in the plan, proceeding southwards to the Mall at a point marked G, near the base of the steps of the mound on -rhich the Duke of York's column stands, and thence ag3in soathwards to another point marked H, near Storey's-gate. They have further considered a.nother plan -of an openirg from the point marked G to another point mnarked , which is the site of the Globe Insurance-office in Chabing-eoss. Although PLmn No. 1 would undoubtedlv offer much facility of communication between those parts of the metropoliE whick lie north and south of St. James's Park, your committee are of opinion that it would not be desirable to intersect the ornamental gardens of the enclosure Xs proposed bythat plan. (Cheers.) With regard toPlan No. 2, your com!aittee are informed by the evidence that the expense of miAEng such a line would be very great, the gro xiat, estiraateabeingno les than 163,250.,.andthey are soofopiaiont7hAttheGreenParkwouldbe muchdamagedif a road W XS made through it, a3 that road must necessarily be Tailedinoneach side. (Hear.) Yourcommittee,therefore, venture t) recommend that it would be desirable in order to effect a comraunication between Pall-mall and Pimlico om nake so much of the road whnich is proposed in plan No. , as lies between the entrance to Marlborough-house and the Mall; that the line should be continued alonig the road now used on the north side of the Mall, to a poiit marked Eat the westerm end of that road, and thence to Buchlnghsam-gate. This line is coloured black upon the iilan. ¢he road thus 9pened for the use of the public might Pe enclosed In the same manner as the drives in Hyde Park are now fenced. The probable cost of the opening from Pall-mall, and the necessary works including the taking down and rebuilding the German chapel, exclusive of purchase of site for the new chapel, would be about 25,0004; but the actual cost must depend upon the sums which may he awarded to the Commoissioners of Land Revenue, the trustees of the property on which Marlboro uh-house stands, and the lessee of the house No. 66, Pal-r= Your committee would also recommend that a footbridge be thrown over the water in the enclosure, so as to form a communication from one side to the other. With regard to a road from Waterloo-place to Storey's-gato, your committee are of opinion that a line of communication should be made, and that the Duke of York's column should be removed. (Hear.) The cost of this line, including the removal and rebuilding of the columan will be about 30,0001. As regards an opening from the Park to Charing-cross, your committee are not prepared to recommend that such an opening be made at present, but they are of opinion that an opening for carriages should be made from Trafalgarsquare to tho Park." ASSA'ULTS UPON WOME. Mr.DILLWYNgave notice that he should onan earlyday move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 34, for the better prevention and punishment of cases of aggravated assaults on women. THE VICE-PRESIDENT OF COGfMTTEE OF EDUCATION BILL. In aanswer to Mr. HADFIELD, Sir G. GREY said, it was not the intention of the Govermnent to postpone the second reading of this bil until after the adjourned debate on the resolutions proposed by the noble lord the member for the city of London. SUNDAY SHAVING. Mr. MURROUGH asked the Secretary [of State for the Home Department, whether he had made inquiries as to the case of Joshua Wolstencroft, recently convicted before magistrates at Oldham for shaving another man on a Sunday, and fined 5s. with costs; aLo, whether the fine, -with costs, would be remitted? Sir G. GREY said that, as the fine was'not payable to the Crown, but to the poor of the parish, the Government had no power to remit it. He had net made any special inquiry into the case, but he had received a letter from a person in the same trade at Oldiham, from whEich it appeared that there wvas a general regullation among the barbers there not to shave on Sundays; and this prosecution, he believed, was instituted at the instance of the barbers themselves. (Hear, hear.) SCOTCH EDUCATION. Iu answer to Lord W. GnAHA3r, The LORD ADVOCATE said, he hoped to be able to state the intentions of the Government on the subject of education in Scotland before Easter. THE METROPOLIS LOCAL MANAGEMENT BILT On the motion that the House at its rising adjournunntil Monday next, Mr. T. DUNCOMTE rose to caU the attention of the House to the peculiar position in which several parishes of the metropolis were placed in reference to a bill now before the House,entitled a " BiUlto amend the existing Act passed last Session for the better Management of the Metropois."i The bill nowr before the House was of a totaly diferent description; it was a bill, in point of fact, to deprive many pansh es of the metro ls of their anident rights and priviiege8.It was said t there was an ambiguity as to the wording of the act passed last session. Amnbiguity was- a very convenient word when there was a breach of faith to be committed, and that was just what this bill amounted to. The SPEAKER pointed out that this bil was one of the orders of the day for this night, and it was highly irregular, therefore, for the hon. member to discuss it on the motion, " that the House at its rising adjourn until Monday next." (Hear, hear.) The hon. member had given notice of an amendment to the motion for going into committee, and he ought to postpone his observations until that motion came on. Mr. T. DUNCOIlEBE was afraid that the order might be read at midnight, and thus all discussion be prevented. His object was toprocure the postponement of the order that the House might interfere to protect the country from the wrong, the oppression, and the tyranny which were about to be perpetrated. The noble lord (Lord Palmerston) said that it was necessary that the bill should be passed before Easter. It was no such thing. Do not let the Hou believe aword of it. The right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall), or some one else, had misled the noble lord, who had never read the bill, and had said that its object was merely to correct an oversight. He (Mr. Duncombe) should prove that there was no oversight to be corrected; and that this bill was in violation of the assurances of the right hon. baronet the member for Marylebone. (" Order, order !") The SPEAKER said, that the hon. member might put a question to any member of Her Majestys Government as to the time at which this bill was to be brought on, but it was not in order for him to discuss the merits of the bill which was the subject of one of the orders of the day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DUNCOMBE was about to proceed, when Mr. Pulman, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod, appeared at the table, and summoned the House to attend in the House of Peers to hear the Royal assent given by commission to certain bills, a list of which wiUl be found in our Lords' report. The Speaker immediately left the chair, and proceeded thither, accompanied by several members. On ins return, Mr. PUNCOMBE said that he would confine his observations as much as possible within the limits prescribed by the Speaker. He would only refer to what was the law of the land, and to the conduct of Her MajesWs Ministers with reference to that law. The law to which he referred was an act passed in the last session of Parliament. The preamble of that act said, that " Provision should be made for the better local management of the metro. polls, in respect to the sewerage, draiage, paving, cleansing, lighting, and improvement" thereof. It was not only specified in the act itself that the powers conferred by it should not extend to matters relating to the church and the management of the poor, but such was the ex-press understanding on whichthe act was passed- and when a deputation from tl'e parish of Clerkenwel, with the vestry-clerkattheirhead, came down to that House one evening, and, greatly alarmed, called out the right hon, baronet to have a conversation with them in the lobby, he assured them that the measure would neither affect tho church nor the poor. The parishioners went away satisfied with the right hon. gentleman, enchanted with his manner, and very possibly humbugged. (A laugh.) The present bill was of such importance that it was tho duty of the Government to bring it forward only unde; such circumstances as would insure for it the most careful and minute consideration. He entreated of them either to permit it to be referred to a select committee, or to postpone it for a month, so that the various parishes which it was designed to affect mighthaveanopportunity of expressing their opinion onit. If either of these courseswere adopted, theloue would hereafter thank him for having prevented one of the grossest acts of injustice ever attempted by the occupants of the Treasury bench. JLaughter.) There was no necessity for precipitation in this matter (hear) ; nor would any inconvenience result from holding the approaching elections under the old act, a measure which, if he was rightly informed, had received the sanction, not only of 3Mr. Welby and the late Mr. Cowling, but of the Attorney and Solicitor General-al these high authorities being in favour of preserving intact the rights of the already existing vestries. The ATTORINEY-GENERAL assured the hon. member that the Government had no other anxiety than to preserve the parishes from an impending litigation, which threatened to he not only extensive but expensive. (Hear, hear.) There was no such unanimity on the present act as the hon. gentleman appeared to suppose; on the contrary, there was a serious conJfict of opinion as to its construction. (Hear, hear.) On the 8th section, which purported to hand over the faculties and functions of the already existing vestries to the new ones, grave doubts had arisen, legal opinion being divided as to whether the particular vestries alluded to by the hon. gentleman were included in the term "already existing vestries." If the old and the new hodies, standing with equal pertinacity on their presumed rights, were both to make a rate next Easter, the rate would infalibly be disputed by the public, and there would be nothing for it hut a tedious and costly appeal to the Court ofl Queen's Bench. In this state of things the Government thought it better to substitute legislation for litigation, and -with this view they introduced the declaratory measure which had proved so distasteful to the -hon. member. The reason why the bill was pressed forward withsuch expedition was that the Government desired to save the parishes from expense-an object which could be attained onMy by an immediate measure. (Hear, hear.) Sir H. WI=LOUGHBY hoped that ample time would be afforded for the considerationof this bilL It had passed its second reading at a very late hour the other night, on the representation of the At'torney-General that it was a measure of no very great importance; but it was very questionable whether it would not deprive various parishes of their existing rights in relation to their churches and their poor. Sir B. HALL was prepared to show that the bill involved no breach of faith towards the parishes, and that it would carry out the intention of the act of last session. In order to prevent litigation, it was absolutely necessary that the measure should be proceeded with without delay. M1r. PELIATT also urged the necessity of avoiding precipitate haste in dealing with this bill, as its provisions occasioned great disappointment to the metropolitan parishes. Mr. MURROUGH asked what was the latest hour at which the Government would go into committee on the measure? Lord PAL?MERSTON could not tell when the first business (the army estimates) would be finished, but it was very desirable that his right hon. friend (Sir B. Hall) should have an opportunity that evening of explaining the grounds on whic this bill was based. After 12 o'clock, however, the House could not be expected to listen to such a statement. (Hear, hear.) THE GRAVES OF BRITISH OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS IN TEE CRIMEA. Sir J. FERGUSSON rose to call " the attention of Her Majesty's Govermuent to the necessity of taking steps for obtaining a pledge from the Russian Government to secure that the graves of the British officers and soldiers in the Crimea shall be respected, in the event of the positions at present ocaupied by the allied armies being evacuated." The lion. baronet said,-As the time appears to be approaching when the allied armies will have to leave the position which for the last year and a-half they have occupied in the Crimea, it is to them and to us a matter of melancholy im- portanco to inquire whbat is to becomeQ of the raenu-I ments which tlio pious care of sorrowinc friends and admiring comrades has raised to the memory of the gallant men who fell in defence of their country, *ndnow reposeina fardistant land. (Hear, hear.). This Is a subject which wliU not fail to awaken an interest deep as it is general, for there is scarcely a family which has not bad to mourn the loss of some relative, and there is hardlv a house in which there is not one dead. (Hear, hear.) am anxious, therefore, to obtain from Her Maiesty's Government an assurance that they will, if it should be in their power to do so, take measures to obtain from the Russian Government an assurance that the monuments and graves of the British officers and soldiers buried in tho Crimea will ho respected when the allied armies shall have retired, and the country shall have again fallen into the hands of its orlginal inhabitants. (Hear, hear.) It may be said' that no Christian Power would authorize or permit the graves of the dead, even though those dead had been its enemies, to be desecrated or molested; and most sincerely do I hope that this sentiment may find favour with the Russian Government. I know not what course they may be disposed to take; but I can call to mind two instances where a noble forbearance has been shown by nations with whom we have been at war, and where the graves of British soldiers have been treated with veneration and respect. (Hear, hear.) The brave and generous, but unfortunate Marshal Ney himself raised a monument on the heights of Corunna to the memory of his noble and gallant enieny, Sir John Moore; and to this day a yearly rent is paid, raised from a battalion of Guards, for the ground in which are interred the remains of their heroic comrades who fell in the ill-fated sortie of Bayonne. (Hear, hear.) And, although it is, perhaps, scarcely natural to expect that there should be the same community of feeling and the same sympathy between tho British and the Russians as between the British and the French, I am yet unwilling to believe that Russia will not facilitate some arrangement which will convey to the sorrowing relatives of those who have fallen in this war an assurance that the graves of the departed will not be disturbed. If peace should soon be concluded, it may not be difficult to obtain this concession ; but if the war goes on and the British army should find it expedient to break up their camp in the Crimea and take up a new-poation elsewhere, tho graves of our soldiers will then be at the mercy of the enemy, whose feelings it is but reasonabIe to suppose will be less favourable to us than they would have been if peace had beenrestored. Even in that case, however, soma understanding might be come to, even with a hostile Government, on a subject appealing so tenderly to the instinctive emotions of our common humanity. That large burialground where are read the names of Cathcart, of Strangways, of Estcourt, and of many others, the pride and glory of the British army, is the very spot that might be chosen as the site for a redoubt in case the neighbouring heights should be fortified. But there are other humbler burialgrounds, not undeserving of our pious care. In one of these repose some hundreds of the Guards who fellat Inkermann, including a gallant friend of my own, whose place it is my privilege to flU in this house ; and in close proximity lies a spot where the fallen of the Coldstream Guards have found their final resting-place. Afew stones mark the place of their sepulture, and it is just one of those localities least likely to be left without disturbance if the original inhabitants were to return. Nor must we forget that the people who lived in that country have been ruined by the war. (Hear, hear.) Their houses have been levelled, their vines uprooted, and of their trees not a vestige remains. Whatever, therefore, the feelings of the Russian Government may be in our regard, it is but natural to expect that these poor people will come back to their desolated homes animated with no very friendly sentiments towards us. Taking all these circumstances into consideration, I hope the House will be of opinion that I have made out a case for the interference of the Government on this mournful subject. We may not give back life to those who have fallen in-their country's cause; but some endeavour may at least be made to insure that aU that is mortal of them may rest undisturbed in their remote but not unhonoured graves. (Cheers.) Lord PALIMERSTON.-The subject which the hon. gentleman has brought under the notice of the House is one that, no doubt, must enlist the feelings of all those who reflect upon it; and I can assure him that it shall not escape the attention of Her Majesty's Government during the negotiations vhich are now proceeding. (Hear.) I reaUy cannot anticipate that therewillbe the slightest difficulty in obtaining from the Russian Government an assurance-if, indeed, such an assurance can be necessary-that the monuments wlhich record the fall of our brave countrymen who have sacrificed their lives in the Crimea shall receive that respect which among all civilized nations such memorials invariably command. (Hear, hear.) Whatever we may think of our Russian adversaries, we must do them the justice to admit that they have carried on war with all the courtesy which becomes a great country. (Cheers.) Their treatment of the gallant force which surrendered to them at Kars has been most humane and generous. (Renewed cheers.) That noble garrison received every consideration which the magnanimity of the victors could prompt ; and, therefore, there is no reason to suppose that those who have known so well how to treat the living will be wanting in due re- spect towards the dead. (Cheers.) However, both the hon. gentlemana and the House may rest perfectly satisfied that the subject wil not be lost sight of by Her Majesty's Governmaent. (Hear, hear.) Sir D. L. EVANS cordiaUy concurred in the tribute paid by tUe noble lord to the honourable manner in which the Russian officers and troops had conducted thesnselves; and entertained no doubt that the Russian Government would willingly agree to any arrangement for securing the hon. gentleman's laudable ohject. Yet it ought to be borne in mind, as the hon. gentleman had very properly pointed out, that the population of the parts of the Crimea now in ouestion was not exiclusively Russian, but very mixed ini its character, and that it had been absolutely ruined by the course of the war. It vould, therefore, be desirable, as a protection for the ashes of our dead, that certain portions of the ground should be enclosed and set apart as cemeteries, and that a perpetual rent-charge should be paid for them by this country. UENERSITIES OF ABERDEEN. LI reply to a question from Mr. LAYARD, The LORD-ADVOCATE said that the subject of the introduction of a measure for the purpose of uniting the universities of Aberddea engaged the attention of the late Government, and he believed that a union betwreen those bodies was desirable; but difficulties were experienced as to how far the institutions should be merged, and whether the chairs of each should be included inthe amalgamation. He was happy to say that the parties locally interested in the question were now nearly agreed as to the teins of union ; and he would only add that he should cheerfulUy lend therm his best assistance to carry out their object. (Hear.) ADMISSION OF WORKHOUSE BOYS TO THE NAVY. Colonel HA.RCOURT asked the First Lord of the Admiralty whether an order alleged to have been issued by the Board of Admiralty against the admission into the navy of all boys taken from any union workhouse was really ia force, and, if so, whether the Governmnent intended to maintain it ? Sir C. WOOD replied that he could not find that any such regulation as that alluded to by the hon. member had ever existed. CHRISTIAN SUBJECTS OF THE OTTOMAN PORTE. Mr. LAYARD.-I wish to ask Her Majesty's Government whether they have any objection to lay on the table of the house an accurate translation of the firman stated to have been granted by the Government of Turkey for the benefit of the Christian subjects of the Sultan? Lord PALMRSTON.-We have not yet received the firman to which the hon. gentleman refers. I believe it will be published in Constantinople, and when we are furnished officialy with a copy, doubtless there will be no difficulty in laying it on the table. The motion for adjournment till Monday was then agreed t,O. 3ILITARY EDUCATION. Mr. GLADSTONE gavenotice, on benalf of the right hon. member for Wiltshire (Mr. S. Herbert), that he intended, when the report on the army estimates was brought up, to draw the attention of the House to the vote for mihltary education with reference to the instruction of officers and the superintendence of regimental schools. PUBLIC BUSrNESS. Lord PALMERSTON moved, in accordance with the arrangement made wfith the noble member for the city of London (Lord Jf. Russell) last night, that on Thursday, the 10th of Apri, orders of the day should have precedence of notices of motions; and he expressed a hope that from that time the House would consent to establish the rule that for the remainder of the session orders of the day should have precedence of notices of motions on Thursdays. Mr. BANKES observed that,while the bill relating to the appointment of certain officers of that house, which had now received the Royal assent, was under discussion, the noble lord at the head of the Government promised that a minute of the Treasury should be prepared, providing that in the appointments to such offices attention should be paid to the recommendation of the Speaker. The recommenda- tion of that right hon. gentleman had been acted upon with reference to the appoitments which had recently been made, and the selection o1 the gentlemen who now occupied seats at the table had met with the entire concurrence, ho believed, of every member of the House. The act itself did not contain any provision that rezard should be paid to therecommendation of the Spe&er, and he wished to ask whether such a minute had been prepared as the noble lord had promised, assuring to the Speaker the power of making recommendations to the Crown when vacancies might occur, and, if so, whether there would be any objectionto lay such minute upon the table? Lord PALMERSTON replied that the minute had not yet been drawn up, but when it was prepared it should be presented to the House. Mr. DUNLOP and Mr. WILLtsLs expressed their opinion that the proposal to devote Thursdays to Government business was made at an unusually early period of the session, as it was not customary to make such an arrangement until after Vhitsuntide. The motion was then agreed to. SUPPLY. Onthe order of the dayfor goinginto Committee of Supply being read, Sir D. L. EVANS said, he understood areport was in eirculation that his description of the despatch forwarded by Lord Panmure to General Simpson with reference to Major Dowbiggin was incorrect. He therefore wished to ask the noble lord at the head of the Government whether, if reference to Major Dowbiggin had been made in a telegraphic despate, there would be any objectionto lay upon the table a copy of the words referring to that officer? Lord PALMERSTON observed that, as the hon. and gallant member had not given notice of his question, he was unable to answor it. Sir D. L. EVANS mid, he would repeat the question on Monday. THE HOUSE OF, LORDS. Mr. BOWYER then rose to bring under the notice of the House the unsatisfactory state of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords. (Cries of " Oh, eli l")Hfe though1t I this subject,which was ono of great impo.tknce, ought not to be disregarded by that House, althougha co,-nmittee had been appointed in another place to consider-the prC PrietY Of some alteration in the existing tribunal. There were three branches of the appellate jurisdiction of the Hou&'% Of Lords -naiely, appeals from the courts of equity, from t2he courts of comhe law, and from the Scotch courts. The adlealS in the House of Lords were actually determined byv NOSe peers who were termed " noble and learned loraD'.-" and who now consisted of the Lord Chancellor, threc ex-Chancellors, and the Lord Chief Justice. If, as often hapypened, there was only one law lord sitting with the ,Ord Chancellor, and they differed in opinion, the result was that no judgment was given, and the suitors thought themselves unfairly treated. It was also a great scandal, unk-nown, he believed, in any other country, that a judge should preside on the hearing of appeals froa his own decisions. Nor was it right that the judgments of the Lords Justices should be revised and overruled by two or three men who were in no respect their superiors in learning or experience. With respect to writs of error, there could be nothing more absurd than to allow the Lord Chancellor, an equity judge, who nover held a brief in a court of common law, assisted by one or two other equity judges, to review the decisions, say, of the Exchequer Chalber, consisting'of 15 common law judges. It was true that in a difficult case the Lord Chancellor might call in the judges from Westninster-hall; but during the progress of the argument the judges were permitted to tak-e no more part in the proceedings than the mace on the table, and the opinion which they gave upon certain questions submnitted to them mnight be confirmed or not as the law lords pleased. Ag, was it not scandalous that the decisions of the courts in Scotland should be reviewed by men who probably knew nothing of Scotch law except what they picked up in the course of the appeals? A more unsatisfactory tribunal than the House of L&ords for the decision of Scotch appeals he could not imagine. No doubt a great deal might be said upon constitutional grounds against depriving the House of Lords of its appelate jurisdiction; but there were'certain inconveniences inevitably connected with the exercise of 'that jurisdiction which it was almost impossible to overrate. One of those inconveniences was, that the House of Lords,being a branch of the Legislature, only sat as a court of appeal during the session of Parliament-a manifest absurdity. Another inconvenience was, that at present there were two supreme courts of last resort-the House of Lords for deciding appeals from Ireland and Scotland, and the Judicial Comnuttee of the Privy Council, which was the court of appeal from the ecclesiastical courts, from the Colonies, and from our vast Indian empire. Another inconvenience also which would arise in the event of the power of granting peerages for life being conceded to the Ministry, and that poweor being exercised on behalf of retired judges, would be, that the appeals upon cases which had been decided by young and vigorous judges would have to be determined by men whose faculties mnightbe, comparatively speaking, worn out. To return to what was in reality the aiacient constitution of the House of Lords appeared to him to afford the best solution of the difficulty, and he was prepared to show upon the dicta of Lord Hale and other highr authorities that, under the ancient constitution of the country, when there were three councils-the consilium privtahnm, the consWlium ordinarium, and the inagnum censilium-on judicial subjects the judges voted in the House of Lords. It appeared to him that to restore to the judges that power of votmg on Judicial subjects would be the bestwayto add to the weight of the House of Lords as a court of appellate jurisdiction. If this plan were adopted he should propose to make itarule thatno judge should, under anycircumstanceswhatever, sit in the HIouse of Lords to hear an aappeal from himself-a practice which amounted to a scandal and an absurdity, and prevailed only in this country. It would be necessary to appoit a deputy Speaker, being a judge, who should sit in the house regularly to hear appeals. This officer might or might not be a peer, but he should especially preside whenever a case came before the House on appeal t-rom the Lord Chancllor. There should also be two or three Scotch judges for the purpose of assisting the House, not merely by their advice, but by their votes;- and who should be allowed asalary for the pUrpOSe of enabling them to live in London during the sitting of Parliamecnt. Such a system would remedy many of the defects now ex=isting; but suitors would still have to complain that the House of Lords was only open to them during the sitting of Parliament. Thea, again, there wsould still bc the inconvenience resulting from twro separate courts of appeal-the House of Lords and the Judicial Committee of Privy CounciL. The latter tribunal had given great satisfaction to the pusblic, and was altogether a most successful experiment-a result which he attributed mainly to the regualar attendanoce the ability, and the industry of MIr. PembertonLoigh, aperson of the greatest possible judicial and legal attainments. The existenc of tw.o supreme courts of appeal, differing sometimes in their construction of the law, was a serious evil, which rendered it impossible to have a consistent and perfect system of jurisprudenc. It was a peculiarity of English law that it depended mainly on decisions and precedents. The law was made by decisions, and decisions were made by the law, so that, in point of fact, there was a vicious circle, and lawyers wrere well avware that in a great many cases the judges could do exactly what they pleased. A very emainent lawyer-MEr. Sutton Sharpe-used to say to his pupils that there was no use in any one's know.ing the law, unless they knew what the judges would " stand,"that is to say, what the view of the judges would be. At the present moment the law was becoming more uncertain thin ever; the judges had very wisely adopted the principle of regul1ating their decisions, as much as possible, by substantial justice; but then, whenever they pleased, they could fall hack on a technical point. Many instances occurred in-which, after a case had been argued with the greatest labour and learning by the greatest men at the bar, no one could say what the judges w ould decide. Lianvyeis generally did nottell these things to the laity, but tche fact was undoubted that under our present system the law meant uncertainty, uncertainty, unertainty. NSow, if there was one supreme courtconstantly sitting, w.hich might alwfays be looked up to for the decision of doubtful points, much would be done towards rendering the discordant elements of the law harmonious. The hon. and learned memnber proceeded, amid interruptions of cries of " Divide !" and of other si"'ns of impatience on the p art of the HIouse, to point out whsat he considered to be thceobjections tothe Housc of Lords as a court of appeal, anod how such a court ought to be constituted, and he then sat down wvithout submitting any motion to the House. (Laughter.) A fter a few moments the hon. and learned inenber again rose, and said that he had forgotten to nmake his motion (laughter), and begged to move " that the present state of the a~ppcLate juris diction in the last resort, is unsatisfactory; tha a uprmccourt of appeal ought to be constituted, presided over by permanent judges ox appeal." The SPEAKER.-Does any hon. member second tha motion ? No response being given, the motion (amid renewed laughter) fell to the ground, and MIr. W. WILLIAM\S immnediately rose, and asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer what had become of the difference of the amount voted for the militia and the sum actuallyexpended? When the House appropriated 3,000,0001. for the militia, it was upon the supposition that a certain number of men wvould have been raised and embodied, but ns that number had not been actually raised, he assumed that there must be 1,500,0001. still unexpended. Mr. WLSON said, it was true that the amount voted for the militia last year was that which the hon. member had stated, yet it did not follow that the whole of the vote should be expended. Had the full number of the militia been embodied the expenses would have been 1,600,0001. more than they had proved to be. But by the A ppropriation Act it was provided that if there was an excess of money grantei for one branch of any particular department that department might apply such excess to the use of another branch of the same department. It was in this manner that the vote had been expended. SUPPLY. The H3ouse then resolved itself into Commnittee of Supply. Urpon the vote of 420,0001. to be granted to Her Mfajesty to defray the expenses of the civil establishment in the united kingdom and abroad, Mr. W. WIIAMS complained of the absence of particulars. There were 55 different establishments scattered over the world, and explanations were given in the estimates only as to three of them, so that the House had no means of ascrtaining whether any of those establishments were necessary or not. Now that the Commissariat and Ordnance Departments were Placed under one head, he thought the duties of the o'dicers of those departments connected with the civil establishments might safely be united. Mr. ML CHAlMBERS required information respecting the dnties of the superintendents of the Eoyal gun factory and other departmenlts at Woolwich, also, as to the functions of the captains-instructors. He would aLso ask, what was the meaning of the new appointment of building engineer ? Colonel DUNNME was equally anxious to hear what was meant by a building engineer. He would also askc whether some officers did not hold two offices-the inspector of machinery, foiz instance? HEc sug,goested that it would be more convenient in future to menthon the names of the officers in the estimates. Mr. 3MONSELL agreed with the hon. member for Lambeth that it was desirable to consolidate the different departments abroad, and that principle had been aL-eady acted upon. At present there were 2 storekeepers, performing the additional duties of barrackmasters, and during the last year seven or eight storekeepers and eight barrackmasters in the united kingdom had been dispensed with. In reply to the lion. and learned member for Greenwich (Mr. X. Chambers), he had begged to say the superintendents of the various departments had the supreme control of, and were responsible for, all the operations of their various departments. The captains-insrtuctors were second in command, and it was intended that they should give instruction to young artillery officers and to a certain nuanber of artillerysoldiers, whom it was proposed to send through tho various mnanufactnringdepartments, in order that they might becomeo acquainted with all the operations in those departments. The building engineer was a new appointment which hadbeen made for economical reasons. The building operations of the Royal Arsenal were formerly under the direction of an officer of the Royal Engineers, and it was found that it would be cheaper to employ a civil engineer to conduct those operations. £he experiment had been tried, and the result was a saving of about 1,1001. a-year. As to the question of the gallant member for Portarlington, he (Mr. Monsell) could only say that he -was not aware of any case in which an officer held two appointments. Mr. HENLEY said, it was difficult to reconcile the statement just made by the hon. gentleman, that the superintendence of certain buildings being cosmuitted to a civil engineer and his staff occasioned less expense than the employment of a military engineer, with the observation maid the other aught, that the pay of the army works and 1?.d transport corpswasat comparativelya high rate becauso they w ere civilians. Lord W. GvRAHIA noticed that in some dist.,ficts the items for rent, rates, and taxes weere higher in toe present estimates than in the last, and he wished to L- ow whether that arose fror some addition being made 'so the barrack accommodation ? Mfr. MOXMELL replied that, in the, Wooilwich diatrict additional baifilok accommodation had been secured; but in the London district the increase was ocoa5id&6d by the necessityforhavng eonsiderably more accombaiatioa- for a very largely augmented amount of stores. The G6overnraent Ihad been oblied, forthis purpose, to make use of storeroomns in the London Docks and at some of the wharfs. In reply to Colonel GILPIN, Mr. MONSELL said, that in the pesent estimates the Govermnent proposed to take avoto of 8,0001. for proniding accomnmodation for mamried soldiers at tbe hut barzack&. The whole of the suggestions of the committee which pres'ented a recommendation on that subject were under the co.Wderation of the Government, but the expense of carymg all the recommendations out would be very considerable indeed,~ Mr.STA'"FORD took this opportunity of offerhng his tribute of ;ratitudeto that excelleitlady,LsdyAlicia Blackwood,wvhohad:sndeztake. the chargeoof fiOof the wiveswnd children of sc7diers at Scutari. She foand no arrangementsmade for their comforli, and some of them livinga 3 most abandoned and profligate life~. She hadalso erected a sick hospital and laundkSy, anclrnade arrangements for a school; anaall this she had done with s aid from the Government, but by means of private suiptions andresources. Mr. W. WILIIASAthouglt.the committee ought not to pass, without some farther explunation, the present vote, which amounted to about 112;000f. more than the vote of -last year, and a very small part of the voto was required for the seat of war, the greater portion being for the.West Indies and other colonial and home establishments. He saw no necessity for that vast increase. Colonel NORTH observed that the hon. member and others onthe same sideof the househadinsisted on the Government pulling down a largenumberof useful baracks - and now the people throughout the coantry were calling on the Government to put an end tothe billet system; where, then, were the soldiers to go ? The Government were not to blame for providing additional barracks, for the soldiers must be accommodated somewhere. Mr. W. WILTJAMS said he had not mentioned a word about barracks. lfr. MO1SELL thought that the hon. gentleman was hard to satisfy; for tne sum required for the West Indies this year w as 1,3221. less than the sum voted last year. Sir G. TYLER observed, that there prevailed a great desire tnat the soldiers should not be billetted on publichouses. In a town in the county he represented there were barrzacks, but not sufficiently large to receive aL the militia stationed there, and consequently a portion of the militia was billetted, greatly to the detriment of the discipline of the regiment. He believed that the Ordnance Department had sent down a surveyor with a view to enllarge the barracks, and he should like to know whether that was the fact ? Mr. MONSELL was afraid he could not holdout any expectation of an intention on the part of the Government to enlarge the barracks in question. Mr. hL CHAMBERS remarked that the surgeon to Woolwich Ar;enal received 13s. a-day, and the assistantsurgeons 7s. 6d. a-day. Their attendance only commenced at 10 o'clock in the morning, and when an accident occurred before that hour, it could not be immediately attended to. He was told that the artificers in the arsenal contributed so much a-week to the medical attendants. He wished to know how much the contributions of these men amounted to? M1r. M1ONSELL said, the appointments referred to by the hon. member were quite new, and had been made in consequence of the number of accidents which had occurred in the arsenaL The only salaries received by these surgeons were those described in the vote. The vote was then agreed to. On the vote of 450,0001. on account, for the wages of artificers, labourers, and others employed in the civil establishments at home and abroad, Mr. NEWDEGATE asked what was the total sum included under the various heads of this estimate, which it was proposed that the committee should now vote for the establishment at Enfield in addition to the 30,0001. voted in 1854, and the 40,0001. voted in 1855 ? The widest estimate given before the Small Arms Committee was 150,000l., but lie had every reason to believe that that estimate would be exceeded. The right hon. gentleman had promised that a separate account should be given of the sums expended on this establishment (hear, hear), and of the number of muskets which it had turaed out. He was told that not one single musket had been produced there, and he should be glad if the right hon. gentleman would give them some information on the point, and would also tell them how many maskets had been produced by the trades of Birminham and of London. The estimate given before the Smral Arms Comnmittee was that Birmingham could not be relied on for more than 23,000 muskets annually, but he believed that Birmingham had supplied more than four times that number during the past year, and was now supplying at the rate of six times that number. The trade of London bad also increased in a similarmanner. So determined were the Government not to rely on the trade of England for the supply of arms for the defence of England, that they had sent orders to America, Liege, and France for arms, and he should be glad-to know how many had been supplied from those quarters? He had reason to believe that scarcely any had been derived from those foreign orders. Colonel DI2NN'E asked whether the number of men working at Enfield had been reduced as well as the vote ? He believed that the hon. member for INorth Warwickbhire was quite right in saying that not a single musket had been produced at Enfeld, nor was there a chance of any being prodaced for another year. lMr. MILES thought it was desirable that the pablic should know what was being done at Enfield. He had been told that the Enfield musket was a very good one, but he supposed that referred merely to the finish Mr. MNTZ said, that it was clear the hon. gentleman (Mr. Miles) did not understand what the Enfield rifle was. It was simply a pattern which was fir6t made at Enfield. The Enfield rifles now in use iR the army had almost all been made at Birmingham. Duringthe last year 100,000 muskets had been made at that place, and the number manufactured during the present year would be 150,000. There was no diffculty in getting a suficient supply of anns from Bhrminghamn, provided that the contracts were. properly made and the orders consecutively given. The only difficulty that had ever been experienced was the result of the old system, under which 19 manufacturers were kept waiting because the twventieth had not finished his conthact. Mr. MONSEIL would most willingly admit, that nothing could have been better than the conduct of the -a manufacturers of Birmingham during the past year. They had worked admirably. they had supDlied to the Government, he believed, not less than 100,0G0 muskets, and he was sure that in the course of the present vear they would produce a still greater number. This did not, however, alter his opinion as to the importanoe of the factory now being erected at Enfield. When finished it would produce rifles at a cost much smaller than that at which they could be procured at Birmingham, and would provide tho Government with a very salutary check upon the gan trade in times of pressare. It was quite true that the factory was not yet completed, but it must he remembered that, owving to E the necessity for altering and reducing the plan as originally presented to the House, thme building was not commenced until January, 1S35. :Nearly the whole of the machinery had now been received, and it might be confidently expected that the factory would commence operations in the month of July or August next. (Ironical cheers and laughter.) He did not tlhink that 18 months was such a very long period to be required for the erection of a factory which would contain 'between 703 and 800 machines, some of them of an entirely new construction. The amount of the estimate for this factory was 34,4701.,viz., 15,3781. for stores and machinery, and 19,0929.. for works and building. The cost of erecting the factory'at Enfield would be .9,0001. or 10,0001. more than it would have been had it been built, as was proposed by the Government, at Woolwich. Colonel DI1NE said, that the existing accumulation of buildings and combustible stores at Woolwich was a good reason why this factory should not be erected at that place. Colonel BOIDERO said, that his original opinion against the erection of the large factory-proposed by the Government to be built at Woolvich had undergone no adteration, Had that proposition been agreed to, he was convinced that this country would have suffered greatly from a want of small arms. He wished to know what quantity of arms had been obtained from America and France, and whethertheywere equal in usality to those of Birmingham, London, and Enflldd? He ~beheved that the manufactory at Enfeld might be made capable of turning out1,000 muskets a-week, and yet it had not turned out one musket for the last 12 months. Xr.MONSELLsaid, the manufactorywas not yet finished. No muskets, except a few patterns, had been received from France or America, but 10,000 or 12,000 had been obtained from Liege. They were quite equal to the standard pattern, and their price was little less than that of obur own. Mr. SPOONER wished for an explanation of the expenditure which had already taken place, as wel as of that which would take place when this vote was agreed to. Mr. NEWDEGATE asked why the Government had not performed the promise given by the right hon. gentleman to furnish the committee with a distinct account of the expenditure which had taken place this year, and of the expenditure about to take place? According to the right hon. gentleman's statement, not a single musket would be turned out of the imanufactory until after it had been established for two years. Mr. W. WILLIAMS complained that the estimates were dra'mmnup in such a manner that they were quite useless. Mr. PELLATT said, the committee ouglhtto have a detailed statement of the outlay which had taken place at Enfield. Probably the manufactory would begin-vorwhen the war was at an end and no more muskets were required. Mr. MUNTZ hoped that the Government would see the propriety of giving the committee aZl the information in their power respecting an establislhent which had cost the public so -much money as the factory at nfield. Mlr. MONSELL was willing to do so, And first, with, regard to expense; the amount expended on buidings up to the close of the financial year was 51,1241., and that on machinery 49,5611. The additional snus required Ihis year would be 15,0001. for buiding, and 19,0001. for machinery. It was, to.say the least, premature to denounce the main- factory at Enfield as a failue. Whether it was so.oxn6t could not be- knowN n unti after muskets had. beee nmanw2actured there. It was his conviction That it. ivould prrouce 50,00& muskets a-year at a much smaller co to tho country t han if those arms hAw been supplied by contract Lut even thoagh tl* miuskets should not be manufactured at a lower rate, it would still be advantageous to have such a manafoctory under the direction of the Government, for it wculd clieck exorbitant demands on the part of the trade, aad e'.able the Governmeattokeeplargestoresonhand for sodden emergencies. In a few mnontl-s the factory would beo in workring onler, and he~ anticipated that the ex~priment wmould be attended with complete success. Mtr. SPOON'ER Pz;ked whether there would be any objection to furnish Thli1isuout with P. detailed ccoiuat of all tbhg mouey spent at Enfield, whathet for macldneit, building, or any other purpose ? I fr. MONSELL.-It shall X done. (Hear, hen.) Colonel D)UNNE believed th9tlie factory wold acceed' when the war was over and muwSkts woud be no lonogt wanted. (A lnugh.) The machit*7 falling into distesG would aso fall into disrepair, and would suffer quite as much as the muskets from not being erAployed. Mr. M. CHA2dBRBS was of opiniol' Slhat publid estabh lishments such as that avt Enfield would, ir.fell managed, beF beneficial to the country in counteracting the out±ageous' cdemands which the trado msight other iseo 1a'in perio-d of' enmergency. He thought thts artisans in tber &,overninent dockyazr'- had julst ground o.! complaint thati4,hey were. I charged income-tan when their .earmngs in a .cgle year, from wforkng extra time, exceeded 1001. per annm - Colonel OLDEBRO thought this question quite iiglev'an to the sbubject beforo the committee,, who were d&cussuin small arms. (Heah bear.) IHe should like to knovat whab pnce the American riale T,2sto be suppled ? Mhr. MOISE,LL said, they proposed to make a c6sarge which would pay themselvea for the price of the machiery which they hid erected for constructing the rifle: Tiie prise would heabout 37. 10s. Mr. HIGTCH S would: lil-e to know upon what groun 71 it was supposed tlmtthe Government w ould m ake mpskets. cheaper at Enfield than they could get t1em mrade anywhereo else . At what price dEdthey e3xect their rifes to be produced? Mr. MONSELL said, the Govermnent were paying the Birmingham mannfacturers 3. 49. The price at irhich they expected3to prodnce the same arTicleat Enfield was 3!. This calculation. was made by the captain at the head of the Enfield establishment, assisted by one of the most skdlful gunmakers of America. Iethad said that the demnLnd upon the Birmingham manufacturer was likely to continue for two or three years. The troope of the East India Company were not yet armed with the Minid rifle, but they were all to be supplied with that weapon. WTith regard ta our own army, every British soldier had a Mini6 rifle in his hands, but it was absolutely necessary to have a large, quantity in store ready at any maoment to put into the hands of the militia and the regular armyin case of need. Mr. NEWDEGATE, lest it might be supposed that the Birmnigham manufacturers were mald emessive profits wished the House to remark that, while .he te chari 31. 4s., the Americns were asking 31. IQo Mr. WILSON, in reference to the complaint of the hon. and learned member (Mr. M Chambers), said that nothing could be more unjust than for the Gorernment to make their own servants an exception to the rule, that peysons shouldbe assessedtothe income-tax whoseincomesamontecd to 1001'. per annum. Tzades and professions could take an average of three years because they were assessed under schedule 1), hut the Government artisans were assessed under schedule E, which was applicable to " every public office or employment of profit." M[r. W. VILLIAIS had himself known of a case in -which artisans who had earned more than 1007. a-year through working overtime were assessed to the incometax. Mr. M. CHA7IIBERS had no hesitation in saying that, if those artisans had been assessed upon one year's incomer alone, it -was contrary to the lastincome-tax, which declared that the incomeshould be calculated upon the averane of the previousthree years. The attention of the highest legal advisers of the Crown ought to be directed to this sabject. The vote was then agreed to, On the next vote-namely, 4,000,000L for the supply of clothing, barrack furniture, fuel, &-c., for the army, being read, Mr. HENLEY observed that, now that the duty of providing clothing for the troops devolved upon the Govern. ment, the committee had a right to know what secujitie3 were taken that the large sums expendedfor this object were judiciously and economically laid out. (Hear.) Aljeady complaints were made as the inferior quality of the articles supplied. The advertisements issued for the contracts stated that the materials from which the clothing was mnade were to be taken to Weedon, to which place the persons undertaking to malke them up must go to fetch them; and that the garments after being completed must be delivered into the stores of Messrs. Ilayter and Howell the Government packers. The cloth being purchased by contract, the committee ought to be told-first who was. the officer responsible for its quality and its flitness for the uses for which it was intended; and next, whose .duty it was to inspect the clothing when made up and delivered into the hands of the Government Packers. The Government should also explain the principle on -which the charga for "packing" was regulated, and whether it included delivery, because, from the advertisements, it would appearthattheclothing had only to be delivered into the stores at Birchin-lane, a place which, from its distance from the river, necessitated the process of recaring before the clothing could be despatched for distribution. At the close of thelastvwar the subject of armyclothingwasthorouDhlyinves- tigated, but the present Government did not seemto be aware of the information then collected. They talked of the great exertions in this respect which had been made by thizn country through the means of its present resources; but the fact was, that during the last war we provided a mnch larger amount of clothing not only for our own troops, but also for those of our alles. Mr. 31ONSELIZ thought the best way was to explain the system, which the Government hoped would be in working after the lst of April next. Up to the present time not a single suit of clothing had been ordered, inspected, received, or issued by the clothing department. Within the last few days the different inspectors had been organized, and after the 1st of April all cloth for the purposes of the army would be delivered and inspected at Weedon. At the head of the department was MIr. Elliott, a gentleman who had occupied a position of considerable importance in Canada, and under him were placed five or six inspectors, who had had many years' experience as to the particular articles which-they woulld havetoinspect. The cloth, after having been inspected, would be delivered to the Artillery, Cavalry, Guards, and Sappers and Miners, and those corps would make up their own clothes. They-had accepted the offer of the Government to do so, and the arrangement was considered to be a good one for the soldiers and econo.- mical for the Government. He was almost afraid to:state the amount of saving which it would effect, but, with regard to the artillery, an able officer had calculated it would amount to no less than 14,000. a-year. It was the intention of the Government to devote any saving which might accrue to improvement in the quality of the cloth. (Hear, hear.) With resp-ect to the rest of the army, the question was stll under the consideration of his noble friend Lord Panmure. No doubt there was considerable difficulty in intrusting the making up their own clothes to regiiuenta of infantry, which were constantly being moved front one place to another and often stationed in the colo- nies. Whether it would be possible to intrnst tha' depots of regiments with that duty by fixing -those depots in certain spots he did not know, but, if it were not possible, it wouldbe necessaryto have the clothing made up by contract. It was proposed to have the clothing for regiments in Ireland made up and inspected in Dublin, and. for regiments in the North of England in some place iii Yorkshire. The whole of the packing would be done in the Government establishment at Weedon, and therefore the expense of army packers, which amounted to 12,0ODD. or 13,000l. a-year, would be entirely abolished. (Hear, hear.) He had not yet turned his attention to the documents which showed the course pursued at the expiration of the last war, but he was much obliged to the right hon. gentleman for bringing the subject under his notice. (Hear, hear.) - Mr. HENlEY said, the scheme which the right hon. gentleman had sketched was perfectly satisfactory, and ho wax. glad his questions had elicited that statement, because hE was convinced lt was of vast consequence that both the cloth and the clothing for the army should be inspected by offiiers of the Government on Government premises, that in the event of the troops being supplied with bad article3 the public miight know whom to blame. (Hear, hear.) Colonel GILPIN said, the clothing issued' to the militia regiments before theywere embodied was go inferior: that, instead of lasting five years, half the buttons came off in 11 days. (A laugh.) When the regiments were emblodied, the colonels were allowed to supply their owvn clothing, the sameas colonels of theline, and the men, being measured, were much better fittedL The boots, which were charged to the men at Ss. 3d. a-pair, were very bad. The 'uper leathers were inferior, and the soles were made of leather shavings, with only a thin covering that soon wore out. HEE had seen inILondoneboots-which would wear out five or sia Government pairn at only a shilling higher price. He was mformed the contract for trousers had been taken at abouk; 4s. Id., whereas it was perfectly well knoivn that no iespeotable tradesman could furnish such articles as would td credit to the Government and justice to the soldier for lesa than 5s. or as. 6d. A rmnour was afloat that, in consequuenca of the clothing furnislieitoathe German cavalry being condemned, 2!. had been allowed to each soldier to refit himiself vithpantaloons.and boots. Heregretted-that the binackd at Weedon were to be turned into a gigantic clothing depot. " He did noa thinkGGovermuent contracts generaUyan r.veree and he believed they were extremely detrimental to the terests of the service. (Hear, hear.) n. Sir J. PAXTON cautionedl the cornmittee ag &A supposing :that by the new arrangement the Go rera meat would obtain the clothing much ch' saper He was satsfiedithe country would be quite ready to y a fair price for better articles than were at present S applied to our troops. (Hlear, hear.) He found that the eoct of clohugfor the cavaLrynow averaged from 9l. to *jvpe man,, and for the4fantry the cost was 5l. per D iant hf was-it likely that. two suitr of clothing, well madi m, ando goodimaterials, could be obtained for ol.~ ? f ColonelDUNM had lately ordered unsfor M.s for the regiment he-had the honour to commanad froD a' clothier in Dublin, who stated that he would have to send the clothing toWesdDon. Now, could any arraeg eiont be more absurd WVith, regard to the system of inspection, hL thought it. should be conducted by the officers of tho nzespectiveregimonts, (hear, hea, -who wer a the best judgea. of the suitabilityco clothing and' accoutraer dasts. IsPectors o dery had,ben appoined, and am ong others a man name t die who was formerly in tbe ragoon Guiards, but dho, was- not to be trusted t in such a position, He oped thesol m itteo would bei l' informed whether any, compensation was to be given to the thorb Legios a for thet bad clothin" issued to tho em, -which' nad been condemned by a board oE regimental officers. Tl% eo Land Transport CoDrps. bad beenL supphed with tronscrs - which were wholly umflited. for the service in which tbhey w'4re engaged, andhe, wished tei know by whomi those trC'users w#xe mnade, and whother they, were tzbe issued to tbl0t-roop.s. He also beged to ask whcther the saddlerY 6r ppliod the 2do teho eat of GtroiasM r'cayz& had beenuf cture tendergthe orlGovr, and whiethr tt`6 meabrt-D s? eT,;v to pay for efficienit equiP'~ Lord ]9FPRI2TGTON expresseda his gratification that -nc&4 ~ 11.5 beentakcen to imnprove the quality of thc elo0thinr ise to the soldiers of the British -army. He doubte Fwhet)ier the oontract systema was the best that could be rea`xted to for the clothing of the-armiy, because there wag fr`quently great disincliination on the- part of the highiee 'clais of manufactuire' to tender for Governmnent contracts.. 1He htoped tho Goiverminent woutld in future pay Ies rourard
DEATH OF IMr. THo.Nus ATT wooD.-The death of this respected gentleman took place at Great Malvern, Worcestershire, at an early hour on Thursdav morning. MIr. Attwood first became known as a public character by his vigorous opnosition to the Orders m Council -of 1812. Snsbseoucnt1y he tool; a leading part wsith the late Sir John Sinclair against Mr. Peel's Currency Bill of. 1819, and for years after was constant, in season and out of season, in his endeavonsrs to accomplish the .repeal of that measure. His most notable act was, however, the establishment of the Birmingham PoliticalUnion, atthe latter part of the year 1829, and for his prudent conduct in the management of that body, which vas supposed to hare considerably influenced the passing of tho Reform Bill he was presented writh the freedem of the cityof London. He represented Birmingham during the first. seven years of the retormed Parliament, but in consequence of family affliction' and the disappointment of political hopes, he retired from public life, and was succeeded in Parliament by his friend and associate in the Union, Mr. M1untz. For many years prior to his death Mr. Attwoodwas the victim of a severe and distressing attack of paralysis, but, in the -nidst of his sufferings and general prostration of mind and body, ie was distinguished, as in the early period of Iii life,bIy ihe amiability and generosity of his social disposition. In Birmingham his decea;e will be regretted by all- parties; and more especially l,y those who had the hohour of his privato intimnacy. r.i ~Attwood was . partner in the hlouse of Mearls. Spanner and Attwoodis, and his elder brother, Matt!.li, fr some yea.rs represented the borough of White1 ha eon ill 1'riasent. By many of our readers the dece,;sed I wzill be renwvasbered as theo "Kng Tom" of Cobb 's TI m CO-U!OVIox SEnJraNA .-Sfr Walter Riddae, o Lincoln's-inn, recorder of Maidstone and Tentorden, i3 also a caudidate for the vacant appointment of Common Serjeant, in addition to Mfr. P'rendergast.
LO.YDON, SA2'U1RDAY, MARCH S, 1-6. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Marquis of B n &si (the Lordl Chamberlain) brought down the answer of IIR MA.sTr to the Address of the House on the question of the establishment of a gallery of national portraits. BZan MAJZSTy will direct inquiry to be made as to the best means; by which the object may be attained. The Archbishop of CA.rErmurvy presentedc petitions against the abolition of church-rates, without an. equivalent being provided. l[e had last year brought in a bill on this subject, which it afterwards appeared the House was not competent to originate. Those who proposed that measure did not consider it thle most desirable, but the best that seemed practicable. The Earl of ALm u:ins 'gave notice he should, after Easter, move resolutions on the question of the practice of torture in thePresidency of Madras. He rould on Tuesda.y ask the Government which of the returns he had moved for on this subjectcould be oiven at once, and which would occasion, as he had been informed, some expense and delay. The Mtercantile Law Amendment Bill and the Mercantile Law of Scotland Amendment Bill were read a second time. Lord K2mAxDw moved fora return of the number, weight,andcostof the -books issued to parishes m Scotland i1 the year 1855 far the purposes of registration. and for asimilar retur of thle expense of. books and stationery for the same purpose in. 1856. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, Sir B. HAnL brought up the report of the St. James's Park Comnittee, -which was read in extenso at the table. On the motion that the House at its rising do adjourn until Monday, Sir J. FBGnussoN called the attention of the Government to the necessity of taking steps for obtaining a pledge from Russia to secure respect to the graes of Jritsh oicers and soldiers in the Crimea -when it should be evacuated by the allied armies. Lord PALmr.RsTON said the subject would: not escape the attention of H-TVi AMksTrs Govenment during the negotiations. He could not, he added, anticipate the slightest difficulty in obtaining from the Russian Government an assurance that the monunments recording the fall of our countrymen who sacriiicedtheir lives in the Crimea 'would receive that respect which was paid by all civilized nations. The motion for adjournment was agreed to. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Mr. Bow'mR moved two resolutions,-that the present state of the appellate jurisdiction in the I resort is unsatisfactory; and that a supreme Co of Appeal ought to be constituted, presided over by permanent judges of appeal. In a long speech iW support of the motion he insisted upon the urimf n3ess of the House of Lords, as now constituted, td be a court of ultimate appeal, and he sketched ou a scheme by which the judicial force of that Hous might be strengthened, and a Court of fnal resO in all cases, civil and criminal, constructed. This motion, not being seconded, fell to tl ground, and, after an explatation byMr. WusoN., reply to an inquiiry byMr.W. W umu , respec the Militia vote of last year, the House went into Committee of Supply upon the remaining and Ordnance Estimates, when certain votes w agreed to, after much discussion, and the C(haii was ordered to report progress. Several bills were read a third time and passed. MIr. Cowprx obtaiaed leave to bring in a bill consolidate and amend the laws relating to vacc tion. The House adjourned at half-past 1 o'clock w Monday. -_
The line which the British Legislature hitherto taken on the subject of education is so extraordinary, and. so contrary to our u tenour of government, that future ages will believe it without a good deal of evidence. Jea] on all other subjects to a fault, ever envi( scrupulous as to the smallest iteins of el-p ture, and ever asking for returns of men things, on this one subject alone IParli annually grants its money in the lump, it scar asks to whom, and with the particular proviso it shall hear no more about it. Onie kIowo how successful candidate for a small borough pays the little sm whlich his local friends tell. necessary to makle all straight ;-one kiows in mood of mind an unsuccessful suitor in Oh pays his lawvyer's bill, and how, after a few sojourn at a lirst-rate hotel, the fathei Lamily will glance his eye down the b the figure at the foot. Such is the happy an sonable temper in which the House of Co' annually meets tho cemands, not for prison for police, not for Poor Laws, not for our na defences, or any other really annoying nn agreeable purpose, but for edqcation-the hi and most leading branch of our national the government not of this, but of generations, the nialing of England ax it be when we are all dead aud gone, and laws have been amended and repealed a times over. Parliament exacts from tl
Among the men of self-reliance who have struggleed alone amid adverse circumstances General WELLIAMS must hold a highi place. His aggressive warfare against Turkish corlruption is as brilliant ,w his subsequent defence of Kars against forces three times as numerous as his own. As the seality of his position durinug the last three months of 1865 is disclosed, we wonder that any.man should have so persevcrcd in befriending an ungrateful ally and upholding a hopeless cause. We feel how natural it was to suppose that, if eft wiaidxrd and unanswered, he would, in a fit of anger or despair, desert the charge which he had received-from the Government of his country. We can appreciate the probability that if he remained he would only mix up- his name with incapable Generals and a broken army, and, if he returned at all, only return to obscurity or to censure. Wlhen Volonel W if.is received the' rank of Brigadier, and was deputed to advise the i Turlkish Commander-in-C}lief in Asia, it was thonght proper that he should receive Turkish military rank. He was to be appointed a~ Pasha, and to have the position of a Generalrin theI Ottomani army. Now, let it not be supposed that such a distinction was totally new, that it shocked any prejudice, or that any long time or any great exercise of power was necessary to obtaini it. For years Turkey has had Pashas and Beys from every quarter of Europe. For years Stamboul has swarmed with refugees and renegades with high rank in the SuLTAM'S army. At the commencement of this war there was a crowd of British aspirants for sucll honours. A gentleman with a week's moustache, and looking about the last man in the world to regenerate the Mussulman, would suddenly appear in the streets of Pera. He would wear the brilliant uniform of the Pecklham Fencibles, or some such seni-warlike corps. His cap would be that which adorns the body-guard of his Highness the Nawaub of TnuGG.&rozs, his rank of Colonel he would have earned in the service of one of the late Governments of Nicaragua. Such a hero found no difficulty in approaching the SmBAsKruR, armed with the strongest diplomatic recommendations, and a few houirs were sufficient to convert him into an Ottoman General with a highly Oriental name. But no such speed was thought necessary in the case of the QuEn's Commissioner, labouring in an endangered province for the good of a wasted army, and daily insulted by the -vilest of mankind. On the 15th of November, after General Wrai,3mrs had been two :months in Asia, Lord STRATFORD writes -that he has applied to RLEDscum PASHA that the rank of " Ferik " should be conferred on the Commissioner; but there the matter rested. For two months longer, although General Wnmsxs was writing almost daily to complain of the treatment he received, and his want of authority, no notice was taken at the British Embassy. The Firman, which could have been obtained in half an hour by the English dragoman, was never asked for. It was not until General Winns, driven to desperation, had laid the Ambassador's neglect before the Foreign-office, that Lord STR.&TFoND condescended to write to him, and in a communication not a little insolent andc bitter to inform him that his appointment as " FeriL" had been made. This despatch,-the firt addressed by the Ambassador to the Commissioner-bears date December 30. Well might Lord CuNoDoS point out in indignant language to the Ambassador that, though a despatch from the Embassy of November 15 announced that the appointment had been asked for, yet no steps had been taken to obtain it, and that, " knowing the necessity that "General WrurAms should have rank in the "Turkish army, in order to secure to him the "respect and obedience required, his diploma of "Ferik has not yet been sent to him, nor does he "appear to have been informed that the rank was " conferred upon him."' " General WmIA3s," says the Fo_ZEiG2N SERoT&nY, " was srounded "by traitors and robbers, and stood in need of "all the encouragement that Hun MAJESTV's "subjects could afford him." Lord STRATFOD'S main defence is that he had, while declining to notice the Commissioner, done adlthatwas necessary with the Turkish Government. In justice to the Ambassador's diplomatic talent, we must say that he does not fail to keep up appearances; but we think there will be few deceived by such obvious precautions. That in despatches to the Foreign-office General WTMLA3is should be spoklen of once or twice as a " zealous' and " meritorious" person is no more than might be expected. Lord STBRATFoD was not v6./ l'kely to make, himself appear beforehand the opponent of the man whose failure might be more effectually compassed by quiet neglect. So also the Ambassador now calls in his dragoman to prove that certain propositions have been submitted to the POBTE. He puts 13 questions, which DI. PIsA?i duly answers in a satisfactory manner, and questions and answers are then transmitted to London. What Lord CAuswENDo thinks of this notable defence may be learnt from the despatch we have already quoted. He says, " Your Excellency's "despatch has received the careful consideration of "HnR MrESTY's Government, and I have to "inform you that it appears by M. PisA?'s replies "to your Excellency's queries that, with the excep"tion of some ball cartridges, little or nothing seems "to have been sent to the relief of the army atKars." The supplies which the Ambassador had declared he had asked for it was acknowledged were never sent, and the medical stores were proved to have been worthless. Lord CLARaNDox then, having glanced over the other assertions of the Ambassador about letters of reprimand and approval having been addressed to various Turks, says with vehemence,-" But this is all that has been done for " the relief of the army, notwithstanding the re"peated. and urgent remonstrances of Hun "M&jTsrV's Government." He then concludes with a sentence in which these words occur:"Hun MrESrTY's Government cannot but regret "the silence observed by your Excellency towards "General nVIrhSis, and they can well understand "the discouragement and mqtortification he must "have felt at receiving no acknowledgment "of his 54 despatches, accompanied by private "letters, for he looked to your Excellency as "his natural protector." Such is Lord CLAswDON's judgment on all the defence which Lord STRATFORD had to. offer then-on all he has to offer now. The reprobation of the Foreign-office will,we think, be acquiesced in by every man who reads the documents now published, and, when we consider that Lord CLr.AM&noN wrote long before Kars was invested or General WMiAms a man of note, it will be plain how deeply blameable the offence must have appeared. The miserable pleas of the Ambassador about his intention to aswer all General WiLLaurs's despatches at once, and about the unpunctuality of the Trebizonde steamer, Lord CLARR-oDo does not condescend to notice. General WmTrAas having dared to appeal to. tlle Home Government, Lord STrATFORD could no longer conceal his resentment. Even the commonplace epithets of approbation usual in official documents. wholly cease. The Ambassador, after a silence of months, addresses the Commissioner. He sends the Finran which appoints him Ferik. This lettdr is in the dxyest official tone, without one word of apology or rogret,-without any mention of the reasons for delaying to reply which he had urged to Lord CLAnRENDOx. It ends with a sneer. General Wu=As had been illreceived by the Turks and grossly insuIted by a certain Snu= PAsA. He had also complained of another, KuRn PAsHA, but the latter had sibsequently become more civil, and given assistance to the Commissioner, who had written to indicate the change. Lord CL ONo had instructed the Ambassador to demand the recall of Suu Ii PAs . The Ambassador obeyed, and thus announces the fact to General WiuuAs: -" I have demianded the recall of S rIa PAslIA, "at the risk of your seeing reason to change your niind concerning him, as in the inxtance of "KunR PASHA." One or two meagre messages are despatched] from the Emibassy to the Coin- missioner within the next two months, and then follows. in order of time a most remarkable documnent. It will be remembered that Lord STRATFPRD had denied any coolness in his support, of. the Commissioner. It was, he asserted, quite by accidenit that he had not written to him, it was an acc'dent tihat 1Ie had not accredited him, it was an accident that ho had not Obtained his appointment of " Ferik." But now, twvo nlollthi ljter, we see fully the animus of his Lordship displayect. ! On the 19th of February Lord STRATroRD writeg tC the Foreign-office. Under the form of asking for information, he brings the gravest charges against General WILLIA1rS. Be it observed that the General had been more than five months -with the army, and had, as far as we cau learn, only received three communications from Lord STPATFORD during the whole tinie; they are all short, contain not a word of advice, lot a word of warning, not a word to indicate approval or the contrary. Yet the Ambassador, without -the slightest intimation to a man who, to use General WmImAwS's owv words, had " served him for so " many years," thinks fit to send to the Foreignoffice the heaviest, -and we believe the* most unfounded, charges against him. He wishes to be informed, he says, what General Wmrii.Ams's powers are. " It is not enough for me to know " in general terms that Brigadier-General Wm- L"TA s is a military officer instructed to act as "HuE HAEig sTY's Commissioner with the army at K Kars." General WiLwLs had endeavoured to makle reforms, and Lord STRATFORD would like to know by what authority he does thesethings. L Then follows a roll of accusations. The Coinmissioner asserts a right of being obeyed, of suggesting the punishment or removal of officers, the correction of abuses, the introduction of improvements, the direction of operations. If this be his position, Lord STRATFORD does not see in what he differs from a Commander-in-Chief. "The "PORTE most certainly does not piut this von"struction on the authority with which he is in"vested, nor have I so read my instructions." " I "venture to ask whether the tone which he has "assumed, the abruptness of his charges, -the "violence of his threats, the dictatorial spirit "which, according to his own account, had "generally characterized his proceedings," are authorized by the spirit of his instructions frorc home. He cannot, he says, " conceal from " the, Turks' ti-at General Wixirss is ignorant of the native languages and of the manner of conducting operations in the field. In fact, the Ambassador proclaims the QUxFx's Commissioner to be incapable, vain, quarrelsome, and tyrannical. What, then, becomes of the one or two favouarable epithets he had previously applicd to him? Wlhen the General was new to his post, when he was being insulted with impunity by the " traitors and robbers" whom Lord CLA.sEDoN speaks of, when he seemed likely to submit mneekly to the contempt of so great a personage as an Ambassador, and to sink without a struggle into obscurity, Lord STRATFORD could cheaply say a word or two that might remain on record about the Commissioner's " excellent intentions ;" but when, after nearly six months' toil, he was winning the position which afterwards gave him the power of accomplishing a noble feat of arms, then the Ambassador feels it necessary to appear in his true colours, and to endeavour to obtain by open accusation what he had failed to acconmphsh by more secret means. In fact, by the despatch of February his whole previous conduct is explained. General WmLxis was the same man who was 2- pointed six months earlier; and all his Lordship's objections, if well-founded, should have been stated half a year before. The indictment now sent home proves but one thing,-that all the Ambassador's former declarations as to the good faith of the assistance he rendered, all his excuses for his neglect of the Commissioner, are equally baselessw. From the whole course of his conduct we easily learn that he was as hostile in September as he was in February.
The report of the committee appointed to inquire into the best means of dealing with St. Jamees Park was brought up by Sir B&xJA-rAN HALL last, night, and read by the Clerk at the table of the Commons. It is, on the whole, most satisfactory.- The committee have given us even more than we desired, but at the same time they call upon us to incur an expense which we had not contemplated. Be it so. We make no objection on the score of the money which is to be expended on this alteration. If some few thousands of pounds are to be spent upon the opening of St. James's Park, they will most readily be glrnted. It is obvious enough that, what with the new Houses of Parliament-what with the two new districts of Belgravia and Westminster, this quarter of the town is every year assuming fresh importance. We can already see in our mind's eye a " New Downing-street"!-if not on Mr. CA=&su'S model, at least in the more solid shape of a handsome stone building. We dream of clearing away St. -Margaret's, to follow old Westminsterbridge; we cast destructive glances at some of the houses in Abingdon-street. It may be that our children or grandchildren may dream in their turn of handsome terraces and quays on the banks of the pellucid Thames. met us, however, hold fast to realities. One of the pieces of work which it fell to the lot of this generation to execute was the opening of St. James's Park and the preservation of St. James's gardens. It would have been a scandal and a disgrace to the Londoners of 1855 had they destroyed these beautiful gardens, for they are'really the prettiest feature in London. We know of no place to which we would more readily conduct a foreign visitor whose eye had been sated with the uniformity of, our blick barracks than to this ornamental sheet of water, with its great trees and its glimpses of the Abbey and of the Victoria and Clock Towers, and its strange seclusion in the midst of the bustling town. The first idea of our friend Sir BENJAMIN HAL. was to cut these gaidens in two, and invite all the carriages and cabs inLondon to drive right across them at all hours of the day and night. This scheme has been luckily rejected in the most summary manner by the committee of the House of.Commons. The scheme for carrying a road through Clevelandrow, in front of Bridgewater-house, and -thence into the Green Park, has also miscarried. We have nothing to say against this portion of the committee's decision. The project was none of ours. TMe prolongation of Pall-mall into the Green Park would undoubtedly have added new beauty to that magnificent street. We do not attach any serious importance to the fact that a small section ut one corner- of the Green Park must have been sacrificed to complete the curve into the Mall. The Duke of SuRTrnr.D and Lord LEismEuu have escaped for the present, but it is far from unlikely that in days to-come Pall-mall will receive its appropriate termination. -The committee base their objection -to this project on the expenditure it would entail. These gentle. men have, Im our opinion, exercised a most wise discretion in not attempting too much-indeed, our criticism upon their decision would rather be that they had attempted too much as it is. Thus far, then, we have spoken of what is not tobe; aucdnow let us passto themearm aatually proposed. TheC ornamental gardens are to xemain intaot. There is to be a free circulation round the whole of St. James's Park, just as there ia a free circulation along Birdcage-walk at the- present moment. Storey's-gate and Buckiugham-gate are to be used as public entrances; and, besidesthesa, there is to be an entrance at Marlborough-hbuse, another at the opening now occupied by the Dikle of YoRx's Column, ancd another-but at this point we must quote from the report, for its language is quite enigmatical :-" As regards an " opening from the park to Charing-cross,g your "committee are not prepared to recommend that "sucli an opening be made at present, but they tare o. Xpifli9n that ail opeinug for_carriages "should be made from Trafalgar-square to tile "park." There is not to be an opening from Charing-cross, but there is to be an opening Ifom Trafalgar-square. 'What is the meaning of this P It is clear enough that an enlargement of the passage at Spring-gardens which would link. the Strand almost in a right line with the Mall is the one thing desirable. We are, however, quite easy upon this score; when the other alterations are made, this one follows inevitably, and as a matter of course. We have nothing but congratulations to offer to the public upon the adoption of this plan, for it is the very one -we ventured to recommend maniy months back for adoption, plus the opening at Waterloo-place. Against this addition we have not any serious objection to urge, for, in fact, the only objection Is the expense. It will undoubtedly be a most convenient arrangement for the public to be enabled to drive straight dow Regent-street and across to Storey'sgate. Besides, the view: from Regent-street dowil the inclined plane into the park will be a very fine thing. It is only a pity thati money was wasted in carting the earth to a spot from which it must now be carted away again at a great expense. As the column miUst be taken down, it seems almost a pity to erect it again, unless some site can be pointed out which wlVl be improved by its presence. Withi regard to the opening at Marlborough-house, the committee propose the removal of the German Chapel, in order to gain a clearer path. This involves additional expense; but, as we have before said, the advantage of the arrangement to the public is so great that we are not inclined to higgle about details. The plan for throwing a Eght ornamental bridge for foot-passengers onhi is a graceful addition to the recommendations of tie committee. Such a stiucture maybe made highly decorative, and -will, no doubt, prove of great convenience -to the inhabitants of this new district of Westminster, which is rising so suddenly into life.
COURT CIBCUZAB. The Queen and Prince Albert, with the Princess Royalf and the Princess Alice, attended by MIajor-General Bucldey and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, honoured the Baronyffaro-. chetti with a visit yesterday afternoon at his studio in Onslow-square, Bromptbn. His Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback in tbe morning with the Princo of Wales and Prince Alfred. Her Majesby and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louis, anld attended by lady Churchill, the Hon. Flora Macdonald, Lord Waterpark, Mfajor-General Buckley, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, honoured the Princess's Theatre with their presence in the evenmg. A deputation from the borough of Newport, Monmouthshire, bad an interview yesterday with the Presldent of the General Board of Health at his office, WhitehalL The deputation consisted of Messrs. Knapp (mayor), Brown, Humfrey, and Lyne, attended by Mr. Wiliams, surveyor to the Local Board.___
BOSTON ELECTION. BOSTOl, FRnAY EVENV=G.' The poll, which commenced this morning at S o'cl6ck, was decidedly in favour of Mr. Ingram, and was increased on every subsequent return, mitil, at the close of the 'oll, the majority amounted to 225. The contest throughout'has been conducted with the greatest order, showing the advantage likely to result to the country from a strict obscrvance of the law with regard to treating, there having been none of those scenes which have disgcaced former contests in this and other towns. About half-past 4 o'clock, the Mayor declared the poal as follows:- Ingrami ... ... ... ... 521 Adams ... ... 296 Majority ... ... ... 225 The result was received vith loud cheers from an immnense crowd. Mr. LGRmSI briefly returned thanls for the honour conferred upon him, and pledged himself to at all times pay the utmost attention to any, representations he mlight receive from the inhabitants of Boston, from whatover party it might come. Mr. ADA3S also returned thanks to those voters whohiad honoured him with their support. He was disappointed, but not disgraced. Some from whom he expected support had not amcorded it him, there being old associations connected with the position of Mr. Ingram, as regarded the town, which he could not overcome. He was glad that they had selected a man who did take an iaterest in the prosperity of Boston, and he.hoped on some future occasion to have the honour of being returned to Parliament with. hinm, for a more honourable man, he was sure, did not exist. A vote of thanks to the Mayor and the usual amount of cheering closod the proceedings.
The Chaiciellor of the Exchequer acknowledges thcreceiptof the second halvesof a501.-note,two10l.- notes, and onie 51.-note, making together 751., for improperly paid legacy duty, and unclaimed income antd assessed ta;es, and interest thereon respectively, from "R. W. 1V. ;" also of 153 postage stamps (12s. 9d.), due fromt " W. :B.," for income-tax. Tnx SP1Lrn~t 'g LEVEE.-The Speaker will hold his last Levee this Satutday evening, March S, at 89, Eatonsquare, at half-past 10 o'clock. BIEDICAo ST.rrF OF TE TuRn sn Com GENT. -A public dinner wvas given at E ertch on thel4th tilt. by the lledical Staff of the Turlish Contingent to the Inspector-General, Dr. Macpherson. It took place i aroom lent for theoccasionbyCaptainFitzclarence, of the l0th ussars. The chair was occupied by Dr. Vaughan, and about 80 guests were present. After the usual toasts to the Queen and :oyal family, the healths of the Emperor of the French, the Sultan, and General Vivian -were successively proposed and duly honourea. The toast of the evening-" The Health of Dr. ac herson"i was then given, and received very enthusiastically. That gentleman acknowledged the corn2liment in appropriate terms, and, referring to the cordiality which had prevailed between the army and the Turklsh people said that the connexion would do much to bringabout a social regeneration of that people. Dr. Simpson, of the 31st, in acknowledging the toast of " Our Brother OEicers of the Army and Navy," said he longed for the opportunity when Hler Majesty'strcops andtheTurkish Contingent wouldtake the field together, as he was sure they would -distinguish themselves against the common enemy. "The Health of the Deputy Inspector-General," "*The Surgeons of theFrench Army," and other toasts connscteclwith the occasion, concluded the entertainment. EXHAUSTION OF LNDoiA Forssrs.-Almost the last renmaining source of supply of timber within British territories is Pegu. There are, it is true, considerable forests of tealk still remaining to the westward, within Dr. Gibson's jurisdiction. There are teak "forests" also in Chota Nagpore, but they belong to quasi independent chiefs, whose barbarian dread of European intercourse leads themn positively to deny the fact. There may be patches also on the frontier to the norsh-east; but all these sources are too remote and possibly too insignilicant for a great commerce. Pegn alone remains; and of Pegu Dr. lIi' ean 'a report is by no means hopeful. The Burmese Government has overworked the forests.-the native squatters have overwork-ed the foress-tbe British Government has indirectly overworked the forests; and tihis rand source of wealth stands in ned rather of renovation than of futher drainage.-FPicnd of Indias. B CGEACaINo WonRis B13.-A bill prepare& by Mr,. Isaac Batt, Lord J. Manners, Lord Goderich, and Mr. Crook enacts, that after the st of February next no child shll, be employed in any bleaching work inprepar cleaning, scouring, bleaching, dyeing, calendering finishing, mangling, dressing, emabossing, or tambouring, any woven fabrio, or twist, or yarn, or in packing, carrying, or conveying, or in aiding in any other labour orprocess connectedwith bleaching, dyeing, or finishing. Children under llyearsofage, however, may beso employed in theirparents' houses. Women and young ersons must not be employed n wny bleaching operation Meore 6a.m. or after 6p.m., and there must be an interval of one half-hour for broak.- fast and one hour. for dinner. There must be no work car- ied on after 2 o'clock p.m. on Saturdays. A penalty of 101. is denounced against the violators of the act. Full power is given to the factory inspectors to enforce the act. After-work will be lawful in cares of necessity, upon proof of that necessity being given. With this exception, the hours of labour are limited to 101 hours per day, or 60 hours per weeW. I F orMIX LORD3 M yon.-The Lord MYayor bas been so much indisposed during the last fe* days as to be unable to preside in the justice room at the Mansionhouso. Eis Lordship is, however, so far recovered tha'-he will be aible to attend to his magisterial duties on Monday. CRYUAL PXACE.-ONE SEMLIG DAY,- F4dAY, March 7-Admissions on payment, 628; ditto, by son tickets, 199; total visitors, 827.
THE MEDITBRRANEAN. SOfUlTWMPTON, MARCE 6. By the Royal Mail Company's screw steamship Ava, Captain Field, with the India, China, and Mediterranean mnails, in charge of Lieutenant Barrow, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Alexandria, February 22; Malta, 26; Gibraltar, March 1. The Ava brings 81 passengers. During the outward voyage the Ava experienced heavy gales from the south-west as far as Cape St. Vincent, and in the Mediterranean fine weather. On the 29th ult. she passed the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alma, off Cape de Gatt, bound to Alexandria with the outward India mails. The Avn, in passing the bay, encountered a strong easterly gale. Her Majesty's steamships Royal Albert and Hannibal, besides a large number of other vessels, were Iying at Malta. At Gibraltar the weather had again become very boisterous, and a quantity of sleet and rain had fallen. The AgnesTermyn,Richards master,put intothe port on the 22d nlt., 2. days from Swansea, having encountered very severe weather, duringwvhich she lost her foretopmast, foreyard sails with gear attached, bulwarks, stanchions, boat stove, stern started, and ship much strained. A portion of the cargo had been thrown overboard for the purpose of lightening the vessel. The brig Nicholas Smirke, from Swansea, also put into Gibraltar on the same day, after experiencing very rough weather. On the 6th ult. a heavy sea struck the vessel, and carried away the bulwarks and stanchions, started the covering board, and caused her to make much water. One or two vessels got ashore off Gibraltar, but were again floated without damage. Several transports had arrived at Gibraltar, fromErIgland, en route to the Crimea. Among them are the steam transport Northumberland, 6; days from Plymouth, with a general cargo, on the 23d ult.; and the Cumberland, also from Plymouth, with Government stores, for Constantinople; on the 27th ult. the steam-transport Cleopatra, 7 days from Portsmouth, with troops for Corfu, Constantinople, and Balaklava. The Northumberland was, after leaving for the East, compelled to put back to Gibraltar through stress of weather. The Peninsula and Pantalion also arrived from London, en r2oute to the Crimea, on the 29th ult. The Great Tasmania sailing transport, with upwards of 400 invalids on board from the seat of war, left Gibraltar for Portsmouth on the 25th ult. The steam transports Sydney Hall, Kiflingsworth, and Retriever sailed from the bay for England on the 28th ult. The screw steamship Teneriffe, which arrived at Gibraltar on the 27th ult., from Mfalta for Liverpool, encountered strong gales fiom the westward. During the voyage from Malta she saw the Great Britain, off Cape Bonn, and the screw steamship Egyptian, off Galita, both steering eastward. The steam transport Eagle, bound for London, and the Queen Victoria, bound for Deptford, arrived at Gibraltar, from the East, on the 27th ult. The steam transport Earsden arrived from the East on the following day. She sailed for England on the 29th. The Queen Victoria was shortly to leave for Deptford; vi4 Cadiz, where she would take in a supply of coal The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket Sultan, -with the mails for Cadiz, Lisbon, and Southampton, left Gibraltar for Lisbon on the 28tn. The Alma, with the Malta and Alexandria mail, was detained a short time at Gibraltar, not being able to coal, in consequence of the stormy state of the weather which prevailed to the eastward of the Rock. Our Gibraltar correspondent, writing on the morning of the 1st inst., says:- " The Eagle steam transport, Captain 3MLean, started for London last night. The Queen Victoria stearner, Captain Beal, left at half-past 6 this morning for Cadiz, where she will takce in a supply of fuel to enable her to prosecute the voyage to Deptford, where she is bound. ThePeninsula steamer, Captain Watson, laden with medical stores for the hospitals at Scutari and Balaklava, finished coaling at the New Mole yesterday, and has hauled out, preraratory to leaving for the Crimea. The Northumber1and steam transport, Captain Cragg, -with stores for the use of the troops at the seat of war, which put baok on Saturday night last, resumed her voyage again this morning. The Berwick steamer, which has been takern uip as a horse transporto will be ready by Monday to take in forage, and on the next day embark about 150 mules from the depot of this garrison for the wse of the Land Transoort Corrs in the Eazst. Captainl Evan Maberly, Royal AVrtilery, th~e officer in charge of the depot here, returned from Seville onx the 28th tilt., where he had gone to accelerate the purchase of animals for the British Government. The last order reeeived from Lord Panmure was to purchase 4,500 mules, and forward them to the Dardanelles without delay. The Pioneer steam transport arrived yesterday evening to coal, on her way from Malta to England. The Meita and Sultana steamships have arrived, bound for Mfalta aid Con. stantinople. E;xchlange on London, at 90 days' date, 50W to li. Wind, N.E., fresh, but not so squally. he HIarbinger passed the garrison from west to east yesterday, andthe screw-steamers Teneriffe and Africa left this port fQr Eng. land Last night."
K - DE$PATCHES FBOM THE CRIMEA. (From the london GazeU of Fxiday, March 7.) WAR DEPARTMENT, M-ArCH 5. Lord Panmure has received a despatch, of which the following is a copy, addressed to Eis Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, K.C.B.:- SEBASTOPOL, Frn. 20. My Lord,-I havo to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraphic message fronm the Judge-AdvocateGeneral in England, in reference to the man of this army under sentence of death for murder. There are no palliating circumstances to interfere with the just punishment due to such a crime, comnmitted on a helpless wounded man in hospital. Painful though the duty may be, with a sense of the responsibility attaching to human life, but with the conviction that the decision is just and necessary, I have ordered the execution of this man on Saturday morning next, the 23d inst., in conformity with the sentence of the Court. I have, die., W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. Lord Panmure, Arc. FERUARY 23- P.S. Tnis prisoner, Private G. Day, No. 3,577, 77th Regiment, was executed this morning, at 7 a.m., on the Piquet-house-hill, in the presence of detachments of 1,000 men from each division of the army. His body was buried on the spot. W. J. CODRINTGTON, General Commandinz.
POISONING BY STRYCHNINE. (BY a.xrnw TEZff X eR"H.) LEEDS, FRIDAY. An inquest was held before Mr. Blackburn, at Fleischman's Hotel, Leeds, on the body of Harriet Dove, aged 28, the wife of Mr. William Dove, a gentleman of independent means, residing in Cardigan-place, Burley, near Leeds, whose death had been caused by poisoning by strychnine. Mr. Barrett, solicitor, attended to watch the proceedngs, and Mfr. Nunneley and Mr. Morley, surgeons, were also present during the wholo of the day. Fraom the evidence adduced it appeared that early in December last Mr. MIorley was called in to attend the deceased, aud found her suffering from functional disorder of the stomach and of the nervous system, but there was no organic or serious disease. He prescribed for her and continued his visits occasionaly, and in a short time she was so far recovered that she could move about freely and take open air exercise up to the 23d of February, when she became somewhat worse. On that day Mrs. Dove pariook of some jelly, which had been taken to the house, and she complained that it was very bitter, and, on seeing her husband, she said, "William, did you put anything in that jelly?" and he answered, " Yes, I have put some of the medicine in it." She remarked that it was very unkdnd of him, and ho sub. sequently stated to a neighbour named Mrs. Witham that he had not put more than a teaspoonful in it. On Sunday, the 24th, sne went to church, and was verywell. Onthefollowingmorningshe breakfasted with her husband, and shortly afterwards she was seized with a very severe spasmodic attack, her body quivering as though under the influence of a galvanic shock, and accompanied with difficulty of breathing. She complained of pain in her legs, and grasped the hands of her attendants very tightly. She refused to drink anything cold, and when she was touched and when cold water was applied to her lips the "twitching" returned. In the meantime Mr. Dove went for M1. Morley, and returned with that gentlemas assistant. At a later period of the dayMr. Morley called, andhe then found Mrs. Dove much better, but he observed slight spasmodic twitchings. The symptoms were unusual, but he attributed them to nevous affection, and prescribed accordingly. These attacks recurred during the week, each succeeding attack being accompanied by more violent symptoms, and generally occurring after taking her medicine, which was usually given to her by Mr. Dove. After Monday Mr. Morley attended Mrs. Dove daily, and becoming perplexed with the symptoms, which he thought ought to have given way to the medicines he had ordered if they arose from hysteria, and Mr. Dove expressing some fear as to the recovery of Mrs. Dove, he suggested a consultation with some other medical man. Mrs. Dove having on that day suffered a violent attack, Mr. Dove said he would consider, and on the Thursday morning ho wrote to MIr. MIorley, expressing confidence in him, and declining the consultation. In the meantime, in consequence of the perplexing character of the symptoms, the thought of strychnine suggested itself to Mr. Morley, but was dismissed as impossible. On the evening of Friday, the 29th, while Mr. Dove was present with the deceased, she was again seized with a still more violent attack, her breathing was very bad, the whole body became very rigid, and was frequently observed to " twitch" involuntarily. Ms. Witham was again called in but in the course of a few hours Mrs. Dove improved, and continued better during tho remainder of the night, and also during the greater part of Saturday, March 1. Mrs. Witham and a Mrs. Wood called during Saturday, and they were present in Mrs. Dove's bedroom, in company with 3Mr. Dove, about 8 o'clock. When Mrs. Dove asked her husband to give her her medicine, he went to a washstand, poured something into a wineglass, and gave it his wife, and then washed the glass out. After drinking it she said, "Oh dear! it's very disagreeable andhot." In the course of a minute or two, addressing Mrs. Witham, she said, t It's very bitter, have you anything in your pocket, Mrs. Witham that you can give me i'2 Mrs. Witham gave her lozenge. A few minutes afterwards Mrs. Dove was again seized with violent spasms, during which she shrieked out, her eyes became fixed, she clenched the hands of her attend. ants, and her whole body became perfectly rigid and arched, resting upon the extremities, in which state she remained until her death, an hour or two afterwards. A messenger was despatched for Mr. Morley, and, as Mrs. Dove did not recover, Mr. Dove followed and requested Mr. Morley to take Mr. Hobson with him. Mr. Morley called on Dr. Hfobson, and wnile that gentleman was getting ready it is somewhat remarkable that Mr. Dove very ungently requested of lIr. Morley that, in t.he event of his wife dying, her body should not be dis. sected, as sho had a strong objection to it. This request he repeated in different forms, and Mr. Morley told him he hoped there would be no necessity for such a thing. As soon as Dr. Hobson was ready they proceeded to Cardigan-place, but on their arrival' they were informed that Mrs. Dove was dcad.L Her death having ensued during the recurrence of the paroxysms, there was an anxious expression about the countenance, and the face was somewhat livid, especially about the lips. On Mr. Morley's return to his residence he learnt that some time before Mr. Dove had obtained strychniire from his surgery through one of his pupils, and this circumstance, combined with the symptoms, led the coroner to op en an inquiry on Monday last, when Mr. Morley and Mr. Nunneley were ordered to make a post momem examination. These gentlemen are well known as eminent analytical surgeons, and they commenced their labours immediately, 42 hours after death, and continued them on the fourth fifth, and sixth days, when they were able to come to a decisive conclusion as to the cause of death. Yesterday they presented their report, which stated that in an analysis of the stomach and its contents they discovered distinctly the Presence of strychnine; they also found faint and donbtful traces of it in the in. testines. In reply to tha coroner, both gentlemen distinctly stated that the only cause of death was strychnine. Mr. Dove was then taken into custody and the inquestwag further adjourned to Monday next, at 10 o'clock. It was also stated, during the inquiry, by a Mrs. Fisher, that, after Mrs. Dove's death, Mr. Dove took the medicine bottle,which contained one or two doses, dowrnstairs, and a day or two after vards emptied the contents of a bottle into the kitehen sink.
THE DBSTBUCTION OF GOVBNT-ARDBEN THEATRB. The Duke of Cambridgo visited the ruins of the theatre yesterday morning. lEs Royal Highness Prinee Alfred also came, accompanied by Lord Alfred Paget and Colonel Biddulph. The firemen (Perrier and Swanton), two officers of the Brigade, and Mr. Connorton, of the West of England office, conducted his Royal Highness over the ruins Shortly after Prince Alfred had departed his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales arrived, in company of Mr. Gibbs, his -tutor, and was received by Sir Richard Mayne, 1r. Superintendent Durkin, and Mr. Superintendent Braidwood, who conducted him over every part of the building considered-to be safe. Mayers, the conductor of the Royal Society for the protection of life from fire, vas about the first to arrive with his machine from the Leicester-square station, and with the assistance of Messrs. Baddely and Spencer, the inspectors, and other conductors, rescued a great deal of property belonging to Mr. Anderson. A man named b loyd, commonly called "tComedy, " assisted thei conductors, and saved a great many other articles, and. Mr. Charlton, a dresser in the wardrobe department, fetched 'r. Lawrence, the master, and brought him ont on hsis shoulders. A man named HIL Eorster brought down Jaue Smith, the foreomlan of the wardrobe,and the accounts belotheng to M1r. 3ndrson were rescued by Burgess, the billstick~er of the theatre. " Comedy," as he is called, likewisesaved three wromen at the stage entrance. The fire was not entirely extinguished at 9 o'clock last night. The MIoniteivr of yesterday contains an Imperial decree, calling out 140,000 men of the contingent of 1856, agreeably to the terms of the lawr of Juily Itlue 11thl, 18335.
THB NAPOLEON DYNASTY. The following programme of the ceremony to be observed on thebirth of Princes or Princesses, children of the Emperor, has been published officially in Paris . As soon as the Empress shallfeel the first pains o labour, the Grand Mistress of her Household will wait upon Her Majesty. As soon as the Grand Mistress shall have arrived, she will take the Emperor's orders, and she will send to inform the [Princes and Princesses of tho Imperial family, the members of tho family of the Emperor holding rank at Court, the mother of the Empress, the grand officers of the Crown, the Ministers and the President of the Council of State, the Marshals, Admirals, Grand Chancellor of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, the Governor of the Invalides, the Commander-in-Chief of the National Guard of the Seine, the General in Command of the Imperial Guard, tho Adjutant-General of the Palace, the officers and ladies of the households of their Majesties. All these persons must appear at the THileries in dress, as in going to high mass, the ladies in morning costame. The Princes, Princesses, and mothor of the Empress will be duly informed by the officers of the Emperor's household designated by His Majesty. The Senate, the Legislative Corps, and the municipal authorities of Paris will also be informed by an officer of the Emperor's household, so that they may be asemnbled at the moment His Majesty sends to announce the birth of the child. In the Empress's chamber there will only be present the mother of the Empress, the Grand Mlistress of Her Majesty's Household, the Governess, and the Lady in Waiting on Her Majesty. In the Green Saloon, contiguous to the Empress's chamber, thoPrincesand Princesses of the Imperial famuily and the members of the Emperor's family holding rank at Court will be assembled. In the saloon of the Empress will be assembled the high officers of the Crown, tho Ministers, Marshals, Adinirals, the Grand Chancellor of the Legion of Honour, the Governor of the Invalides, the Commander-in-Chief of the National Guards of the Seine, the General in Command of the Imperial Guard, the Adjutant-General of the Palace, theLadies-in-Waiting of the Empress, theUnder-Governesses and Ladies-in-Waiting on the Princesses. The Grand Master of the Household and the First Chamberlain of the Empress will do the honours of the apartment in the absence of the Grand Mistress and Lady of Honour of Her Majesty. The officers of their 3Majesties' household, the officers of the Princes andPrincesses, will assemble in the third saloon, which is the first after the guards'-hall, and in the guards'halL When the last pains of labour shaU be felt, their Excellencies the MIinister of State and the Eeeper of the Seals shall be sent for and brought into the chamber. Such of the Princes and Princesses shall also be admitted as His Majesty may deem advisable. The under-nurses will be sent forwhen their services are required. When the child shall have been presented to the Emperor and to the Empress by the head nurse, it will be presented to his Excellency the Minister of State, and to his Excellency the Keeper of the Seals, who willat onceproceed to the saloon occupied by his Excellency the President of the Council of State, fulfilling the functions attributed to him by the 13th article of the Imperial statute of the 21st of June, 1853. A formal statement of the birth of the child will be drawn up. The Imperial child wil then be carriedto its apartment by the head nurse, accompanied by her sub-nurses, the General Commanding the Imperial Guard, and the Equerry on duty. This cortege wiU leave the bedchamber, cross the saloons, and enter the apartment prepared for the child. In this apartment will be assembled the persons appointed by the Emperor to wait upon the Imperial cnild. The Emperor having returned to his State apartments, will receive the congratulations of the persons assembled in the Empress's apartments. On the day or on the morrow of the confinement the Imperial childwill be privately baptized in the Palace Chapel by theEmperor'sFirstAlmoner, in presence of the Princes and Princesses of the Inperial family, the Princes and Princesses of the family of the Emperor holding rank at Court, the mother of the Empress, the grand officers of the Crown, the Cardinals, Mrinisters, Marshals, Admirals, President of the Senate, &c. After the ceremony of baptism a Te Deuonw wiU be chanted, and before the Te Deum the Royal child will have been taken to his own apartment. The Grand Chancellor of thne Legion of Honour wil take to the Imperial Prince the Grand Cordon of that order and the Military MedaL* The Princes and Princesses, relations of the Emperor and Empress, will be informed of the birth of the Imperial Prince by letters written by the Emperor himself) and conveyed by officers of his household. The Senate and Legislative Body will receive the information from anofficer of the Emperor's household; the birth will be announced in the same manner to the municipalauthorities of Paris. The Grand Master of the Ceremonies will send a Master of the Ceremonies to the Abassadois, and an Assistant of the Ceremonies to the foreign Ministers, to announce the birth of the child. Each Minister, in his department, will take the suitable measures to inform his agents of the birth, abroad as well as at home. As soon as the inperial Prince is born a salvo of 101 guns willbe fired; the same salvo will be fired in countlies occupied by French troops. t In the evening the public buildings will be illuminated. CEREMONIES TO TAKE PLACE ON TEE DAYS FOLLOWING THE BIRTH. On the morrow, or on the day after the morrow, of the Empress's confinement the Emperor, having received the congratulations of the diplomatic body, will ascend the throne. His Maiesty wfill be srrounded by the Princes of the Imperial family, and by the other members of the Emperor's famnily holding rank at Court; as also the grand officers of the Crown, the officers of the household, Cardinals, Marshars, Admirals, and aL the other functionaries. &ca The Presidents of the Senate and of the Legislative Body will alone harangue the Emperor. All these different bodies will be presented as is usul on solemn presentations. On leaving the audience of the Emperor they will be admitted to the new-born Prince. They will meet in the Salon de 7a Peaix, and will, successively, be admitted to the apartment of the Imperial Prince. They will leave it by the door opposite to the one bgy which they entered. A&s soon as the health of the Empress will allow it, Her Mrajesty will appoint the days upon which she will receive the congratulations of the Princes and Princesses, ladies of the Palace, wives of the Ministers, &c., and the congratulations of the high officers of the Crown, Cardinals Marshals, Admirals, Ic. Hfer Majesty will also receive the congratulations of the members of the diplomatic body and of their ladies. The Empress will receive all these congratulations in her easy chair. When her health is completely restored the Empress waill be lifted up by the Grand Almoner, hccording to the special ceremony drawn up. The ceremony of the public baptism of the Imperial Prinee will take place at Notre Dame after the churching of Her Majest. Imnediately after that ceremony a soleMn c .De)em will be performed. A Se Dem will be chanted in the Church of Notre Dame of Paris and in all the churches of France on the Sunday following the day of the birth. CAMBACERES, Grand Master of the Ceremonies. Palais Boyal, March 3. * The official programmo assmes that it is a Prince that will be born, but in tho margin certain alterations are made, in case it should be a Princess_ t -In case of it being a Princess only 21 guns will be firedl.
TIm ILA 1ND REvEmm3BoAD.-There are but siL comnissioners of Inland Revenue at present, the third commissionership not having been filled up. The salaries of the commissioners are as followr:-The chairman, 2,5001.; the deputy chairman, 1,8001.; four junior commnissioners, 1,2001. each. The secretary has 1,6001.; the two assistant secretaries, 8001. each; the assistant under. secretary, 6001.; the private secretary to the chairman, 1001.-Ciril Serbice Gazetc. SoL1D Swiss PARQuETEE.-TLe solid Swiss Parqueterie, which is gradually becoming known in Eng. land, promises to supply a want. It is made solid through. out, and every portion of the ornamental woods formuing the patternlS is grooved and tongued together and jomited with marine glue. It can thus be fixed. immediately upon the joists vwhn applied forL flooring, rendering underfloonza unnecessary. This par9ueterie has also the advantage o being much lowrer in p rice than the ordinary veneered wvork which baa hitherto beon in use. Being manufactured by machinery and inl large quantities, a great reduction in ife cost has been obtaeined, and it can be supplied in London at pricea commencing from ls. per foot super. It is now beilg laid at the louseof the Turkish Ambrssador, anmong othor places. It seems only right that eo should mnake it Lnown to our readers.-TIw Buildr.
METBOPOLZTANZ BOARD OF WORKS, Yesterday the weekly meeting of the Metropolitana,rJ of Works was held in the Council-chamber, Guildhal, for the transaction of public brsiness. The President took the chair at 12 o'clock IIAMTS~ }EATm A deputation from the vestry of St. John, Hampstead, consisting of Mr. Le Breton, lkr. Gurney Hoare, the banker, Mir. Cockerill, R.A., Mr. Bockett, Mr. Freshfield, Mlr. Hale, and lfr. Toier, the vestry elerk, appeared before the Board to urge upon them to adopt measures for secring Hampstead-heath for the recreation of the public. Mr. La BTeton read a memorial agreed to at a recent meeting of the vestry, which stated that Hampstead-heath had been for many years a favourite resort of the inhabitants of the metropolis, and was easy of access from nearly every part of it; that the North London Railway now afforded a ready means of approach to the Heath from the most denselypeopled districts, including the city of London, Bethnalgreen, Spitalfields, Islington, and other places; and that the existing facilities would be stiU further increased bya new line of railway about to be made, diverging from the North London aillway at Holloway, passing through Hampstead, and having a station contiguous to the southernmost part of the heath. That the convenience of access to the Heathits elevated and commanding position, the extent and beauty of the surrounding scenery, and the freshness and healthiness of the air pro-eminently fitted it for a place of public recreation and en oyment; that the continual spread of buildings and the rapid growth of the population of the metropolis rendered the preservation of the Heath an object of great and increasing importance; that the difliculty experienced in nroviding for the labouring classes of the metropolis those means of innocent recreation On Sundays which were essential to their health, both bodily and mental, gave to this subject peculiar interest and significance at the present mnoment; that the memorialists had reason to apprehend that unless immediate precautions wero tak-en, irreparable daniage right accrue, if not to the preservation of the Heath itself, at all events to its utility and value tothe pubiic; that the Heath itself consisted of about 200 acres of land only, and was in some arts naTrow and overlooked by eminences in the adjoining ields, the erection of buildings on which would, to a great extent, destroy tho beauty of the Heath, as well as materially interfere with the circulation of the air; that the only means by which the full advantage and enjoyment of the Heath could be permanently secured to the public were the purchase of the Heath itself, together with four plots of adjacent ground, containing aboat 110 acres. That two of those plots of ground, comprising together about 80 acres, were now vested in Sir Thomas NaryonWilson, the lord of the manor of Hampstead, as tenant for life, subject to which interest and to the interests of his issue, shouldche have any, the property was vested in his brother, Mr. John Mryon Wilson andhis issue. That Sir Thomas Maryon VWson was unmarried, and not having, under the will of his latefather, the power of granting building leases over that portion of his estates, the property was now available forlagricultural purposes only; but upon his decease the entail would be liable to be cutoff, and the snedimentto the erection of the building,s, now existingunder taewill,wouldthsnbeatanend; that Sir Thomas Marvon Wlilson had made several applications tothe Legislature for an act of Parliament to give him the power of granting building leases over the above property, but up to the present time without attainirg his ohict;thatahbill had en during the present session of Par- iament introduced into the House of Lords, called "The Losses and Sales of Settled Estates Bill, 1856," the object of which was to enable tenants for life toobtain powers to build upon Lands settled in a similar manner to those in question on obtaining an order from the Cou-rt of Chancery for that purpose, which powerS, if such bill should become law, migh be otained on an ex parte application to the Court, without notice to the public, and without the ineansof their being heard in support of their objections. That the Heath itself was of trifling pecuniary value, and with tho four adjoirnig plots of land, comprising in all somewhat more than 300 acres, might be now secured for the public at the expense of 100,0001., or thereabouts. The memorialists, without desiring to interfere with other projects which had been suggested for the improvement of the metropolis, submitted that the scheme to which they had drawn the notice of the Board was of indisputably higher intrinsic importance than any other of a similar description which had been hitherto brought forward; that itcould be carried into effect at a comparatively inconsiderable cost, and that there were special and urgent reasons why the desiga should be carried into ex;ecution without deay The deputation were interrogated at some length on matters of detail connectedwith the subject of the memorial by Mr. H. L. Taylor, Mr. Davis, and other members of the Board, and then withdrew. Deputations from the parish of St. Pancras, consisting of the churchwardens, Farrer and Smith, Major-General Pemberton, and Messrs. Garvey, Brettingham, Streeten, Clarke, Orr, Charles, Keighley, Wedgwood, and MYr. Cook, the vestry-clerk; and from St. 3arylebone, composed of Mr. Freeth, Dr. Courley, lr. Griffiths, Mr. Houghton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Williams, Mr.Wingfield, MJlr. Greenwell (vestryclerk), and Mr. Scace, had also an interview'diththe Board, and sunported the prayer of the memorial. Mr. 'GABVE and lMr. FRXEET, the spokesmen of the deputations, urged upon the Board the consideration that in a matter like this, touching the health and recreation of large numbers of the population of the metropolis, the cost of carrying out the scheme for p reserving and extending the Meath should be met not only by a rate extending over the w;hole of the metropolis, but by some contribution~ from the Consolidated Fund. Mr. TurmhNm, pursuant to notice, proceeded to caOl the attention of the Board to the importance of taling proceedings without delay for securing the Heath and the adjoining land in question as a Place of public recreation for the inhabitants of the metropolis. He said he hoped that the presence of the influential deputations from St. lancras and aylebone would satisfy the Board that the subject was one of sufficient general interest to warranttheir giving to it their serious consideraMtion. The inhabitants of }ampstoad had talken the initiative in the matter, regarding Theaselves as in somel sense the guardians of the public interests as far as that ocality was concerned, and as bound, therefore, to sound an alarm when those interests were endangered. It certainly needed few arguments to support a motion which had for its object to secure for a densely populated city a place of recreation possessing so many natural beauties, and of such easy access from all parts. He had it on the authority of persons who had visited every metropolis in Europe and--his own observation as far as it went confirnmed the fact-that none of them possessed a suburb having so many natural attractions as Hampstead presented. He could not help feeling that in aiiy other country so beautiful a spot would long since have been secured for tho public benefit as a national domain. The Metropolitan Board had been constituted for the purpose of adopting measures to improve the sanitary condition of London, and their chief work unquestionably would be that of intercepting sewerage. But this was not their whole duty, and he could conceive of nothing which would better claim to ranL- next in importance than that of preserving in its immediate neighbourhood a spot which had long been a favourite resort for all classes of the community, and which was without doubt one of the most lovely and the most healthy. After expatiating upon the beauty of the surrounding country, and detailing the saccessive steps taken by the lord of the manor to obtain a right to enclose and build upon the Heath, the hon. member proceeded to point out that there was a great probability of the ground being ultimately lost to the public, as, upon the death of the present terant for life, an ex pare application to the Court of Chancery might place the long-coveted power in the hands of his successor. He contended that the Board had no reason to expect, as had been suggested, that those who possessed rights of common on the Heath would fight the battle of the public in the matter. In conclusion, he urged that the tide of population was gradually encroaching upon Hampstead, and in a few years would make a clean sweep over the hill, and then that which was justly regarded as one of the most beautiful md salubrious suburbs of the metropolis, would be as effectually enclosed and built over as though it were in the heart of the city. He therefore moved that the question be referred to the Committee of WVorks to examine into and report. MTr. WiLxnesoN seconded themotion. Mr. HL L. TAYLOR opposed the reference, and denied thlat the object contemplated could be strictly cauled a metropolitan imiprovement. It was an isolated case, in which the inhabitants of HIanpetead only were interested, although the B3oard had elicted from the deputations that they were not prepared to take upon themselves the expense. As to the estiurated cost alUnded to in the memorial, hie could only say that he did not believe it would be accomplished for two or three times the amount. He thought that by referringthe matter to a committee they would be doing a positive injury to the inhabitants, who ought toapply to Parliament dieetly for the very powers which the B3oard must seek before undertaking the work. MEr. DOITTTON, referring to the act of Parliament, said he considered the Board had no authority to dealwith the question, and they ought not to apply to the Legislature for further powers till they had put into practical operation those already confided to them. Mlr. CBELLT and Mn. BInGoon supported the motion, and spoke of the interest felt in their localities in the suc- cess of the application. Mr. WARE said he would have been glad to vote for the reference to a committee if he did not feel by so doing the Boardwould be travelling beyond their province. Their first business was to cleanse the Thames-their next to improve the thoroughfares of the metropolis. If theyreferred this question they would admit the principle that the Board had jurisdiction, and wouldthus mislead the inhabitants of Hampstead. Mr. Mows contended that the Board could deal with the matter, and hoped itwould be taken up by them. After some further conversation, the consideration of the subject was, on the motion of MIr. CoRRiE, adjourned. BY-LAWS. A report from the Committee on By-laws was brought Xup, and, after a short discussion, 6rdered to be printed and ta-en into consideration at the next meeting of the BoardL EhA.NCH OFFICES. A report from the Committee on Conferences with Vestries was brought up and read. It recommended that the several branch offices be discontinued, and steps taken for disposing of the prelmises. On the. motion of -Mr. WiLx=so.\, the report was adopted, and referred lack to the committee to be carried into execution. FINANCE COSnOTTEE. The CinRi read a report from the Finance Committee contianing the following recommendations :-That the sams specified in the statemuent submitted to the committee, amounting in the whole to 12,30G. 17s., be paid; and that 4,5001. be removed from the Bank of England and placed at deMit with tle Bank of London. After some discussion the report was agreed to. LIAnhIIES OF -PA iG BOARDS. The CiREnr read a-meumorial from tho vestry of St. Pancras, praying that the Board would, pursuant to the 180th sectionMof the etropolis Management Act, 18th and 19th Victoria, chap. 120, apportion the debts of the Commissioners of the Foundling Estate betweon the several parishes of St. Pancras, St. George, Bloomsbury, and St. George the Martyr inthe proportio,s agreed upon by them. Mr. WIKi Nsox nmoved aA Qiatain B&%,4EIT sconded a motion referring the consideration of the 3enorW Vomi 1puittee ohbM 9m 6gred to. .POPOSED! W STIE. Mfr. WnInr=o2r then mrtoved, "That it is des'ir'sboT thit immediate anddactive -maeures be taken to provide foriAak. ing a new Ene of ztreet, ojemng a comnun icktion fiom the west end of Chespeide westward to the Strand and Ficca. dilly, in or near to the lIe recommended by the Netropo. litan improvement Commission in their sixth report, nior4 especially the portion thereof between Carey-street and Better-lane, inasmuch as building operations of great mag nitude are about tobe commenced, which will, if comulee, materially increase the expense, if they do not altogether t the carzying out, this important improvement." e said, so farback as the 'ear 1847 thisvery!ne of Steet was reported upon bg a committee of the House of Com mons as the most eh.gible and practicable means of forniig a communication between the eastern and western portions of the metropolis; and, in consequence of the recommendstions of that committtee, therequisite notices were given to the inhabitants in the locality. Certain public companies, on the faith that the alterations would be commenced, had purchased property in the -vioinity, intending to3n-ake frontages in the new street, and from communications which he had received he was of opinion that they would not be able to defer their building operations much longer. If they proceeded with those works ilie cost of making the proposed new street at a future period would be much enhaiced. He had also received a proposal from parties who were desirous to see an easterly and westerly communication opened in this district to purchase the sub-way, which would be of no value to the Board, but for which they were wiUing to give half a rmillion of money, the assumed cost incurred in makmng the new street. le hoped, therefore, the BoIard would look at the question attentively, and, if they pleased, refer it to a committee. | Lr. CORRIZ seconded the motion. hMr. DAVs moved, and hlr. D'IL-FAGEn seconded; an amendment to refer the question to the Committee on Works and Plublic Improvements. MIr. WA.n objected to the motion and the amendnient, both of which, he hoped, would be rejected. On aprevious occasion the Board had refused to entertain the questiof of an improvement in Southwark until some genera and welldevised plan for the whole metropolis was before them, ,ad it would be extremely unfair to the hon. member (Mr. Collinson) who brought forward that proposal, for the carrpng out of which funds were already in existence, if they adopted the motion now before them. Mr. DOULTOX took a somewhat different view of -the matter. Had the Com mittee of Works been in existence when lMr. Colinson proposed his improvement, it would have been referred at once, and that was the course -which ought now to be pursued. Mr. E.L. TAimop, reminded the Board that the general question of metropolitan improvements was fixed for discussion at their next meeting, and he urged that then would be the proper time to bring this subject forward.; Mir. BuRsLEM would be glad to know whether any great, scheme of finance was in preparation which would provide for all these projected improvements and alterations. - It appeared to him that some clauses in their act were compulsory, and somepermissive only. Let them first of allattend to the former, and carry out the works which were positively enjoined upon them, ratter than occupy time in debating questions of the nature of that now before them.. The discussion was continxed by Messrs. T. IL BHall; . Taylor, Harris, and others, and, Mr. Wilkinson having been heard in reply, the amendment and motion wero severally put to the vote and negatived. SAP OF THE XErnOPOLIS. On the motion of Mr. OFFOn it was resolved, " that it be referred to the Works Committee to examine and report upon the best mode of procuring a map of the whole area within the jurisdiction of this Board, defining: the boundaries of the various vestries and district boards.". APPOThn~~ OP DLC;TRIro SuvxvOnS. - Applications and testimonials from candidates foi the office of district surveyorfor the new districts created under the Metropolitan Building Act were read, and a showr of hands taken on the several names, when the following gentlemen were elected :-For the hamzlet of Penges Mr. Nash; Plumstead and Eltham, Mir. Williams; and for Putney and Roehampton, Mr. Wood. Several reports by the engineer on works of a localrchracter were brought up and considered, and after the transaction of acme further routine business the Board adjourned.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. CA3MIRDGE. 3-AIcCf 7. At a Uongregation held this day the following degrees were conferred 3IASTES OF ARTS. Stanford William Pipe Wolferstan, Fellow of lngs College. Edmund Thompson, St. Betee's College. Richard IRobert Drummond Ash, Jesus College. BACMLOR CF L&WS. Daniel Thomas Grirnston, Trinity HalL BACIELOR OF ARTS. Robert Draper Jonson, St. John's College. AD ELTINDEM GRADU?,t. James Clark Roberts, 1LA., Magdalen Hall, Oxford. The following appeared as Incepting 3dasters of Arts, and will be admitted to their degrees on Friday next, MIarcxl 14:- Frederic Gard Fleay, George Alan Lowndes, fTlty College. Charles John Newbery, Henry John Roby, ) -Richard Burdon, >St. John's College. John Robert Llnnn, ) John Smallpeice, Henry Morris,rniyHal Frederick Tearle, tTrinity HaIL Charles Wright &loble Hyne, Clare College. Thomas Baston Willknson. Corpus Christi College. Richard Oscar Tugwell Thorpe, Christ's CoJlege. Alfred Newton, angdalene College. Robert Braithwaite Batty, Emmanuel College. William Bennett Pike, Downing College. A grace passed to continue the powers of the Syndicats appointed for the revision of the statutes of the l'niversity till the end of Lent Term. 1857. The lectures of the Rtegius Professor of Laws for the ensuing Easter Term will commence on Thursday, April 10, and will be delivered on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, 'and Friday, in each -weelk, at 11 o'clock n.ma., in the Law Schools. The subject will be that portion of Halifax7x Analysis which treats of the rights attaching to persons to be preceded by a sketch of the rise, progress and settlement of the Roman Larw. The afternoon preacher at the UniveTrsity Chnrch for the present month 1s tha Rev. B. M. Cowie, of St. John's College. BELL'S SCIOLIAS. These scholarships for the presentyear arethus decided:The first is given to .Arthur Holmes, of St. Johns Colle"e 7The second is equally diaided between HenrySidgewie-, of Trinity College, and James Maurice Wilson, of St. John's College.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI2LES. Sir,-Eaving read your able article in 17ic -'becs of this day on the subject of pensions granted to officers' Nidows, I am induced to address you on the subject of those granted to private soldiers; thisddng that,by your noticing thesubject, some more just arrangement may be brought about and the just claims and real merit of individual cases looked to. To show how anjust and inadequate the pensions givento soldiers sometimes are, I send the following statement:Benjamin Suthers. private soldier in the 3d battalion Grenadier Guards, discharged, on account of losing his leg at the Redan on the 14th of July. 1855, on a pension of is. a-day. He had been previously wounded in the head oa the 18th of October, 1854, in the trenches. He was in tha battles of Alma and Inkermanm. His service in the army was 16 years and 270 days, with a good character registered on his discharge. Hris wound is still unbealed, and he is receiving gratuitons attention at St. George's HospitaL I think the country at large -would be of oPinionathat this case deserves at least 2s. a-day, as in a short time, if not at the time of his discharge, he -was entitled to claiml0d. a-day as a commuted pension. Your obedient servant, AN OLD COLONEL AN] GO0ERNOR OF ST. GEORGES HOSPfLAl- London, March 6.
MAis FoE SwnDmf.-GENzRAL POST-OwcE, MTarch 5.-The mail steampackets, under contract with the Swedish Government, being about to recommence ranmang between Grimsby and Gottenburg, mails for conveyauce by those packets will be made up at this office on the evening of Friday, tho 7th inst., and on the evening of every subsequent Friday, until further notice. All letters and newspapers addressed to Gottenburg and ljddewa311a will le forwarded by these p.ckets, unless directed to be otherwisa sent, but letters and newzspapers for other parts of Sweden, intended to be trasmutted by these p.ackets, must be specially addressed "tvid Grhnsby," or "by Swedish packet.)' By cormmand of the Postmaster-General, 2RowXD 3mL, Secretary. ADIuLTERXrioN oF FLou:-At thle town-hall, Ittoxeter, on Wednesday last, Messrs. Wl. Title, V.d Saxelby, and W. Clark, millers, residincg in the neighbourhood, of Ujttoxeter, appeared to answer the charge of having on their respective premises an ingoredient for the adulteration of flour. The case excited great interest, and the court wras zmuch crowded. The first wzitness called wr:s Daniel Harrison, inspector of the Uttoxeter police, who saidthat on the 21st of Febrnary last, from information he received, he proceeded with a search warrant to Uttoxeter Mill, where he found four bags containing what wag called rice flour; he also found two other bags of flour, which were mixed. The defendant had bad five baos of rice flour, but one had been used ; -and he brought the whole away and took it tothe pollee-office, avhere itv waslocked up. Mr. Thomas Leech, master of the School of Science, Stokeupon-Trent, said he had received three samples of the ingredient mentioned, and bad subjecteld theml to analyration, when he found them to contains a quantity of staroh; he believed them to be pure ground rice, frce from every trace of any mineral ingredient. Inspector Harrison, howevec-. proved that he had found five bags of stuff at Ya-. Saxelb$ mill; one of them had been mixed with pigmeaL ,. he value of each bag was about 45s. After +te case of Clark bad been taken the mnagistratca retired, and, on their return, Mfr. Heywood, on the part ofthe Beach, said, theyhad given the matter their utmost consideraion, aid in the case of Mr. Titley they shoid inflict a penmlty of 10W., alid order the confiscation of the materials to the oergy anld church. wardens for the benefit of the oor. In tho easos of Mr. Clarlk and Mr. Saxelly, the saie forfeituro of the bags andt the like penalty of 101. each. At the elose of tho proceed. in,, a burst of applause aroso from the orowyded hall.- Verbyhr ¢tt i$r
SHIP NEWS. IIVERPOOLT MACRE 7. tia, t*. 'he Constitutiou, from' N`ew York, which took fire in the Mfersey on th. 5th of December and was Ecuttled, snbsequently turned bottom Dp. was lifted and towed in the Main last night. Iirived.-The Avery. from Valparaiso-the Sea, from Bonny-the ELIzabeth, from Villa lNova. Off the Fort.-The 3findora, from London-the Tigris, the Xtlpie, the Quintin Leitch, the Mary Banfield. Eailed.-The Fliza, for Demerar.i-the SiLa lWright and the Fidelis tot New York-the Kenebec, for New Orleans-the Mignon, for 3d lag-athe Preedon., for Hnrlingen-the Goshawk. for Beyrout-the T:codore, for Nantes-tise Xostra Senoa del Cametn, for Havanna. 1or-now, 3March 7.-Wind atnoon, strong northerlybreeze, and dull sa ithe AlSotmr, March 6.-Arrived, the Iris. from Havannalh. Off the ort, the Amnerican bark IsabeLa, from New Orleans. and sailed for Lonldon, Sailed, the Tennesee, for Antwerp-the Greenwich, for YAtasrours. 3farch 7.-The Norway, of London, from Shields for Genoa, ison this beach, havingbecn on Hasborough Sand, The asay. cf ilunderland, and the Sultan, of Shields, were lost on Hasborough Eand this mnorning :crevs seaved. 3BTr, Mlarch 6.-The Sabrina, bound for Cork, which got ashore on the Swash, Pebruary 10, was towed off this morning, and proceeded for Iitsitol. .IAYAI., Feb. 18.-The Helen, from St. Joinus. New Brunswick, for Montrose, was abandoned waterlogged, previous to the 12th of Febrrary. and the crew taken off by the Pursuit, arrived here trom WaterfonL The Wellleet, from N`ew Orleans for iiverpool, which put in hero lealk-r, and has discharged part of her cargo, will sail shortly areompanied'by the Azor, which wvilt take the discharged part of the WYellileet's cargo. "ihe W9elltieet has her hatches closed and cassiked, having disc_overed a Zire in her hold. She continues in quarantine. The Christina Hendrics, from Galtatzfor the unitedlkingdom, isreoported tohave palssed the bar of Sulina on or about-the 1st of Septembser last, since wshich ehe has not been heard of. GRAVESEND, M,4aclr 7. 0Er SUBxARLN- AIND BRts} TrL Aar mFrom Eaoyd7&) 9 30 amL-Wind, E.N.E.; tide, 2 hours' flood; doudy. Anrived.-The Lion, from Gravelines-the John Bull, from BramburI-the Alice and Ann, from Alexandria-the Harry, from Trieste. &Siled.-The Unity, for Algoa Bay-the Sandford, for New Zeasland -te City of Rotterdam, for Dankirk-the Panther, for Bootlogno. 2 p.-W d, E. by N. ; tide, high water; fine. Arrivee.-The illliam Septimus de Septimo, from Brasaels-the Xassquilla, from Porto Rico-the Marlborough, from Beire-the City of L ondon, from Dunkirk-the William Aldam, from the Crimea-the Vil;ros, from Alexandria-the Norrma, from Belize-the Juan, from St. liEchael's. 3 17.m.-Wind, . ; t:de, 1 hour's ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Saxon, from Balaklava-the Citizen, from Bordeaux. Sailed.-The Orbona, for the Cape of Good }Iopc 7 :3 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, four hours' ebb; weather, moderate. Airised.-The Thomas Bell, from Caseao-the Dart, from Brusselsthe Lander, from Antwerp. Sailed.-The Dragon, for Hamburg-the Adelaide, for Demerarathe Emiiine, for Dantsic-the Electra, for Ghent. i Arrived Mrch 6.-The Fairyfrom Lisbon-the Zeewaart, from Suri-' Barm-the Sarah Jane, from Antwerp. DEAL, K&Litct 7. (BY Sunxcaitras .A'D Bstmss Tr.,OnxAPe.) 9 5Lrm.-Wiud, E.S.E.; moderate. Passeed-The Brisk, from London for the west coast of Africa-Her a!estfs ship Rhadamanthus, from Portsmouth for the River. Sa'ied.-The Norma (in tow) and the Vilers and Zeewaart, for ondton; with several others for the north. No00.-Wind. B.; moderate. Passed, in tow.-The Romance oi the Sea, from Shanghai for Loneon, 118 days' passage. Anchored andrince saied, having put back for the GahIoper.-Tne 3Zezia, from Callao for Alexandria. Salled.-The Commissary and Imogene. for Leith-the CoUntess of Murlam, for Aberleen-the John and Alice, for Hull-the Clarindas for London. 2p.m.-Whid, E.; moderate. Pained Dungeness.-The Alice Wilson, from Colao for Antwerp Yd?srch 5, and the Supply, from Satlonica for Loudon, March 6. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, E.N.E.; moderate. Arrived and Ancerored.-The Penelope, forDundee, and the Comnlneroc, both from CaUao-the Mfary, from Tarsus for Hull-the ?Yors5th, from Shields for Constantinople. Vrsar SProKr Wsm. The Zetland, from the Clyde for Boston. on the 7th of Februaoy. in %at. 21 N., long. 46W., steering f3r St. Thomas's, leaky and short of provisions, by the Avery, arrived a' Liverpool. TTh: Glenorcby. from Calcutta for London, Dec. 29, in lat. 32 S., long. Th;: Simla, steering west, Feb. 27, in lat. 39 N., long. 10 E. The Alma. Feb. 29. in lat. 36 N., long. 2W%V. The Florida, bound northward, Jan, 16, in lat. 5S., long. 18W. The George Arkle, bound northward, Feb. 6, in Iat. 2jN., long. #I1W. The Eleanor Dixon, bound northward, Feb. 11. The Tweelme Zusters, from Liverpoolfor Batavia, Oct. 1, in lat. W8 N., long. 20 % HIGE WATER AT LONDON-BTMRIDGB. This day. To-morrow. itoming .. .. 56 m,n after 2 M hforning .. 36 min. after 3 Afternoon.. .. 15 min. after 31 Afternoort . 55 inu,ste,r 3
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHA2 CERY LcOUCs-me AMAO 6 AND 7. ALT V. GREGORY. (Before ti loaoDs JusTIcEs of ArPPET.I lins was an. anpeal horo a eeclsson ot Vice-Chancellor Xindersley upon the construction of a wilL The facts are wholly uninterestinz. Mr. James and Mr. Selwyn appeared for the plaintiffs; Mr.. Lee and Mr. Birkbeck were for the defendants- Mr. Baily, with 3r. Pearson, and Mr. Glasse, withMr. #eIcb, represented other parties. rheir Lonss:pa;sIeserved judgment. IN LuNACy. EX PARTE GrsEGORY, fl RE MOUNT, AN AlLEGED LU.NTIC. This was the petition of Mr. John Gregory, the proprietor of the White House, at Isleworth, an asylum for lunatics, the object of which was to obtain an inquiry into the state of mind of a bachelor gentleman resuding there named William Mount, aged 73, and who in former times pursued *the calling of a dealer in shares and other securities, and is now possessed of property admitted to he of the value of from 6,0001. to 8,00O. From a very long, rambling, and irregular discussion, which was carried on in all its wantonness without restraint or control, and amid difficulties which will be hereafter adverted to, the following facts have been collected, wholly from the sworm testimony in the matter. Mir. Mount-who is a gentleman of keen and voracious appetite-of not cleanly personal habits, arising from physical infirmity-of sufficient capacity to intrust the management of his affairs to others, though not to conduct them himself, and of generally eccentric habits-after some residence with a surgeon connected with kim by marriage, removed with his own consent to the White House some time before the end of 1854, and has there remained, with his owvn assent, until now. Mr. Gregory agreed to afford board, lodging, and medical attendance for 2001. a-year, until informed by the relatives of Mr. Mount that his fortune would not permit so large a scale of remuneration, when he consented, on that account, to take 1501. per annum. Hearing, however that Mr.. Ililary, the husband of a half-sister, had agreed with a medical man to pay M001. a-year, upon the stronglyexpressed hope that MIr. Mount might be cured of his mental and physical defects, he stated tbat he withdrew his offer of a reduction, and required the 2001. a-year. M1r. Hillary, on behalf of himself and some of the members ofMr. Mount's family, having required his removal from the Vhite House, Mfr. Gregory presented this petition, and in support of it filed two affidavits-one of Dr. Wynne, the resident medical adviser and physician of the asylum, and the other of Mr. George Cooper, a surgeon and justice of the peace for Middlesex-positively swearing to the mental incapacity of Mr. Mount. These were miet by the affidavits of l)rs. Forbes Winslow, Conolly, and Rarusay, Mr. Nichol, a surgeon, and Messrs. Vincent and Nichols, and of Mr. Hillary, an attorney, deposing to sanity, though eccentricity, .and to povwer to direct, though not actively to conduct per. sonally, his monetary and other affairs. In reply,IDr. W'.ynne reiterated his opinion, and Mrr. Gregory combated some of the statemnents made to his disadvantage in. the respondent's affidavits. When the discussion had degenerated into various digressions, and at last had become debased to a squabble, consisting of assertion, negation, counter-statement, and reiteration, the learned judges interposed a sug. gestion (as it was impossible to foresee what conclusion an intedllgent jary would arrive at, properly addressed and carefully directedYthat the petition should stand over and the arrears of 2001. a-year be paid up, and in future that sum be allowed, and the petition generally stand over. Mrr. MAIIS and Mr. B. L. CHAI'MAN appeared for the respondents, Mfr. Mount, the alleged lunatic, and allhisnext of kin, except for those represented by Mr. Cory. MYr. CORY appeared for twvo nieces of the alleged lunatic. andanophew anda half-sister, and resisted the removal from White House, on the ground of the care and attention there P aid to Mr. Mount, and his improved condition since he had been there. Mr. STIFE was counsel for the petitioner, and stated the willingness of Mir. Gregoryto continue his accommodation for the 20. a-year or any lesser sunm the Court might think reasonable; but asked payment of the arrears and of the money he had paid for Mr. Mount's clothing, which he had hitherto p aid out of his own moneys. L ord Justice KNIG}HT BEucE said that to suppose that such relations as Mir. Mount had would be allowed to interfere with the comfort of that gentleman was absurd; if a man had children, he was bound to take care of them, but here every shilling of Mr. Mount's income ought to be applied for his comfort, and, if need be, all or part of the prncipal should be applied in the purchase of an annuity, and by that no doubt he could have an income of 6001. a-year or more. After a further outbreak an order was made that Mr. Mfount should remain for the present at the White House, the arrears be paid, the clothing account be dischaTged, and the allowance of 2001. a-year be continued until further order, and the petition to stand over until further order, with liberty to any party to apply; and then followed loud cries of " Costs, costs '" from various parts of the court, which ended in the Lords Justices directing, with the consent of Mr. Mount by his counsel, that 201. shouidbe paid for Mlr. Gregory's costs, and the costs of all the persons for whom Mr. Malins appeared should be paid out of the accumulations in Mlr. Hihary's hands; but that, as the next of kin, for whom Mr. Cory appeared, had no. doubt been actuated by the best and most considerate motives for the comfort of MIr. Mount, they were already sufficiently repaid by the efforts they had made for his benefit; and so their application for costs against his estate was effectually " shut up."' The chief difficulty to which reference has been made consists in the nuisance which has been established, has increased, is increasing, and ought to be abated, of the attorneys and attorneys' clerks assuming the right, not only to take the back row appropriated to the bar, but to displace sO manY of the members of the bar as may sit there, in order that the attorneys or attorneys' clerks may instruct theircounselplaced in. the front row, instead of doing so from the place constructed for their especial ac. coamnodation. Some days hack- the Lord Justice Turner took occasion to desire a solicitor who was about to address the Court from the front row for counsel to speak from the place devoted to him, and if their Lordship would act upon theruleadoptedby the judges of the Court of Common Pleas, of not permutting even barristers to occupy bar seats unless robed, this unquestionable nuisance would be effectuallv abated.
ROLIS' COURT, CscERY-LA,z IM.Amou 7. FOWLER V. COHN. (Beforc aie hMAsTEL of vie ioLImsi The orHinal testator in this cause, a Mr. John Fowler, by his wiSl, dated the 4th of September, 1784, gave and devised an estate in the parishes of Thombury and Alveston, Glocestershire, to trustees, upon trust, for the benefit of his son Charles for life, with remainder " to the use of all or every and such one or more of the children of his son Charles, whether born in his (the testator's) lifetime or after his decease, and their, his, or her heirs, for such estate, bysuch parts or proportions, and in such manner and form, as his said son Charles should by deed or will appoint." The testator's son Charles, having come into possession of his life estate, made a will, dated the 19th of ApriL 1842, by which he directed this estate to be divided among his children, agreeably to his father's instructions, at the same time giving a share in it to one of his (Mr. Charles Fowler's) granddaughters. Upon this gift to the granddaughter a question was raised as to whether Mr. Charles Fowler had p-ower, under the limitations of the origcal testator's will, to direct a division of the property among any other persona than his own children and their heirs, it being contended that the powers of distribution griver to Mfr. Charles Fowler were restricted simplyto fixing the pro. portions which each of. such children should take, and did not enable him to bring any one but these children and their heirs, strictly speaking, within the compass of the devise, and that therefore the gift to the granddaughter was void. His HoNoUR, in giving judgment, said that the whole question turned upon the meaning of the word " heirs," and whether such word was used in its usual sense, as deflning a particular limitation of the estate, or merely in the sense of dWsignatio personalis. He was of opinion that the intention of the testator in using the expression "' heirs" was simply to define the particular nature of the estate which Charles Fowler had the power to apportion among his children, and to show that, subject to their father's approval, these children were to take an interest in fee. There was no evidence whatever to show that the expremsion was used in its restrictive sense, and there was nothing, therefore, to prevent Mr. Charles Fowler from devising art interest in the estate to his granddaughter. Entertaining this view of the original testator's meaning, the Court would make a decree that the devise to the granddaughter was a valid one. Mr. R. Palmer, Mfr. Lloyd, Mr. C. Hoare, Mr. Surrage, and Mr. Bezbie ;nueared in the ca.e.
COURT OF BA2MBUPTCY, Bamng7)wu2t-tred, March 7 i N RE: M'3ILLAN. (Before Mr. ConimWoner GomBumN.) alie vanirupt, a draper, ot Bennett-strect, Blackfriars, applied for his certifieate. The liabilities were about 4,7001. A dividend of 3s. 9d. has been paid. Mr. I rxrTn, for the assignees, opposed, and submitted that the bankrapt was wholly disentitled to a certificate. Mr. Nicholson (the officialassignee) reported as follows " That the bankrupt commenced in 1852 with a deficiency of 7901. In November, 1852, being then insolvent, he purchased a business of Mr. Rose, consisting principally of debts, for 2,1601. for which he gave bills. In the five months immediately preceding the bankruptcy he had purchased between 2,000C. and 3,0001. worth of goods, the majority of whichvwas not requiredforhisbusiness,and greatpart of which had found its way into Rose's stock. A number of fictitious entries appeared in the bankrupVs books, when in reality no such sales had taken place." MIr. Chidley appeared for the bankrupt. His HoNou said, he thought this was a case in which it was the duty of the Court to order a prosecution. The bankrupt was charged with falsehood, forgery, and fraud, and in such cases the 255th section directed that the Court should order a prosecution. He would adjourn the certificate meeting for four months, pending the result of the pro. secution, amd grant protection frora month to month. IN RE S5MMONDS. This was a certificate meeting. The bankrupt was described as a bill broker and accountant, in Bucklersbury. Mr. Lawrance supported. The official assignee reported that the bankrupt's income was principally derivable fromhis business as an accountant, and that his books were accurately kept, all the items being vouched, except the personal expenses, amounting-to about 1,0001. in one year and 1 months. Mr. Lin klater, for the assignee, did not oppose. His HoNOUt said that the exienditure hAd been too large, and-that there was nothing for the creditors, and the Court must mark its sense of such conduct, by suspending the Icertiffcato (third-class) for six months from the date of the examination meeting, with protection in the meantime. (Before Mv. Comnisioner A!) -IN BtE GADSDEN. The bankruptws cement manufacturcr, of Milwall, Poplar. T4is was a certificate meeting, wrhich was oppc6edl on the ground of miarepresentatioa and fraud. It appeared ibat gQ4ald been uriinhed to tbe bankrupt on repre, erentations that they would be paid for on delivery. The lankrupt's excuse was, that if the promise topayon delivery had been made it was without his consent or knowledge. Eis Hoonoun said, it would be a dangerous precedent to Lecparate the auts of a baukrupt from those of his servant. T lcrupt's certificate (thlird-class) would be.saspended nine months. and protecthon would be withheld until he should have been three months in prison. fl BE stREDDER. The banlrupt was a builder, of Knightsbridge This, was th- certificate meeting. Mr. Bagley opposed; Mr. Chidley supported. Mr. BAGLLYsaid, the bankrupt had been once a bankrupt as George Smith and once as George Smith Stredder; he bad also been once an insolvent. There were under the preaent bankruptcy 2,0001. of unsecured debts,-and there was not one farthing of assets. The bankrupt had kept a brougham. The ComsSIONs En.-What excuse caxi be given for having traded in various names ? Mr. CMDLEY.-I am not aware that any creditor has been damaged thereby. He has had great losses by building at Kengton. The CoasrssIoNEs (to the bankrapt).-Can you give anv excuse for having thus changed your name on four different occasions? Bankrnpt.-None at all. The ComSmolmRn.-Then, I -refuse the certificate altogether, and without protection.
CENTRAL CPJMINAL COURT, Fiiday, farch '. OLD COTJRT. 'XHE ISLINGTON XIURDER. (Before fi. Justice WIGITMA2N.) At the sitting of the Court Celestina Sonmer was placed at the bar to talke her trial for the wilful mzuder of her daughter, Celestina Christmas, a girl ten years old, by cut. ting her throat. Mfr. BALLA-rINE, who was instracted, with 31r. Ribton, to defend the prisoner, said that5in this case he had to apply to the Court to allow the trial to stand over to the next session. The prisoner had only been committed about a week, and Itadng into consideration the very serious nature of the crime, and the peculiar circumstances connected with it, he felt that it would be very advisab]e that an opportunity should be hadto make some inquiry respecting the prisoner. Mr. Justice WIGsHTrArN said that the trial was speciaUy fLxed to take place that morning, and he wvished to know upon what ground the application for postponement was made. Mr. BAILA.NTINs- said, that reaUy al he could say was, that he thought there was hardly sufficient time to consider what was the best course to be adopted. The prisoner had shown some eccentricity of manner, and, although he was not prepared to say that there were sufficient grounds to support the defence of insanity, yet, in so serious a charge, which might be attended with such fatal consequences to the unhappy woman at the bar, he thought it.was.not unreasonable that time should be afforded for inqury.. Mr. B'ODKI said it appeared to him that, as counsei for the prosecution, he ought not to offer any objection to the postponement of the trial. It was said that time was required to afford an opportunity for the legal advisers of the prisoner tomake inquiries, and he thought it would be more satisfactory to the ends of justice, particularly with reference to one possible result, that the case should not appear to have been huiried on to trial, or that the prisoner was denied any reasonable opportunity to prepale her defence. The CouiR then directed that the trial should be postponed to the April session. Frederick Quennell, 38, was indicted for feloniously and maliciously wounding William Hurcomb, with intent to do hin grievous bodily harm. Mr. Horry prosecuted. The facts of this case have appeared very recently in the police reports. The prosecutor and the prisoner vere both employed in some subordinate capacty at the Surrey Theatre, and it appeared that the posoner had threatened the prosecutor that he would do some injury to himn. The transaction in quesion took place on the 23d of February, and according to the evidence of the prosecutor, on that day the prisoner had repeated the threats referred to, and at the same time said that he should not mind being hung for the prosecutor, as his cousin had bcen, referring to a relative who was hanged a few years ago for murder. About 6 'clock in the evening it appeared that both the parties were in the dressing-room, and as the prosecutor was going out of the door, the prisoner went behind him and struck him twVO violent blows en-the head with an iron bar, and inflicted very severe injury upon himn. The prosecutor, in answer to a question put by the prisoner, said that he had pushed him en the day i question, and, on being pressed, he would not deny that he bad struck him on the eye. The prisoner in his defence declared that the prosecutor w,as always annoying him and challenging him to fight if he would- not treat him. He declared that ha had no animosity against him, and he said that if he struck him on this day he knew nothing about it, and must have been drur kat the time.. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground that they believed he had received a ood deal of provocation. Be was sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for ten months, the -last week in solitaly confinement, John Jones, 16, and Joseph Martin, 29, were indicted for a Tobbery, with violence, upon Samuel Napoleon Cluff. Theprisoner Jones pleaded " Guilty." Mr.- Sleigh prosecuted; the prisoner Martin was- defended by Mr. Ribton. The prosecutor, it appeared, was walking along Virginiaroad, Betoo gareeen, aoont 6 'clock in the evening, when he was assailed by a number of young men, and the prisoner Jones, who was among them, snatched his watch. He endeavoured to secure him, when Mlartin, according to his evidence, told him he had madea mistake, and that he would be murdered if ha attempted to follow him. He then threw himself down before the prosecutor, andaviolent struggle took place between them, during which the prosecutor received considerable injary. He at length got the prisener Martin into a publiehouse, and with the assistance ef the landlord-he was secured, and given in charge to the po lice. The prosecutor admitted, in cross-examination, that e invited the prisoner Martin into the publichouse, and asked hia to have a glass of ale; but, he said, his only oblect in doing so was to have the opportunity to give him mto custody. 3Mr. RirToee made a-very earnest appeal to the jury on behalf of Martin, and he endeavoured to show that he had really only interfered in the matter to assist the prosecutor. A witness was called with a view to make out this defence, but the evidence was by no means of a satisfactory lind. - The learned JuDGE having sumnmed up, The jury, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of Gsuilty. Mfr. William Downing Bruce surrendered to take his trial upon a charge of uttering a false and defamatory libel conctrningJohn Thomas Ploaner. Mr. BALTA,r MnF, who appeared for tho defendant, said that he was a gentleman of family and position, and he had undoubtedly, under excitement arising from family matters, published the libelin question, under an impression that the statements contained in it were true. He was now, however, satisfied that the allegations he had made were utterly untrue, and he was therefore willing to plead gailty, and would, at the same time, make a most ample apology to the Prosecutor. her. PARY, who appeared for the prosecution, said that his learned friend had correctly stated the facts, and he wouldonly say, in addition that the defendant had made a most-ample apology-onewhich did him great credit, and he hoped that what hadnow taken place would put an end to all unpleasantness for the future. The learned counsel then read the apology, which was a very cosmplete and unequivocal one, and he said that under thecircuinstauces the prosecutor would be content if the defendant entered into a personal recognizance to appear and receive judgment if he should be called upon to do so. The defendant at once entered into the - required surety, andleft the court. William Walker, 28, and William Jackson, 25, were indicted for a burglary in the dwelling-house of George Broad, and stealing a cruet stand, some bottles of wine, and other artEcles.' * - MIr. Sleigh prosecuted. The prosecutor, it appeared, resided at Bellevue-villas, Peckham-rye, and the prisoner Jackson had been employed by him, and was aware of the nature of 'the 1premises. T'he burglary in question was committed on the night of the 7th 'of February, and at an early hour on the- following morning the prisoners and another man were stopped by three constables of the P division, named Castleman, Hudson, and Turner. One of the prisoners was carrying a bundle, and on this being opened it was found to contain nearly all the property stolen from the house of the prosecutor. There were also found upon them a ninak, a number of skeleton keys, and a very dangerous weaTpon called a dagger-stick. The third man, it appeared, mada his escape, Ie jury found both the prisoners Guity, and they were sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Charles Raines, 47, and 13dwin Butterworth, 33, were indicted for a burglary in the dcwellin-house of Benjamin WelLs, and stealing a silver flute, value 281., and other articles of silver, us proprty. They were also charged -with feloniously receiving tha property, knowing it to have, been stolen. Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Logic conducted the prosecution Mr. J. Payne and Mr. fsEnteer were counsel for the prisoners. The prosecutor is a professor of music, and resides a' Kensington, and it appeared that some persons obtained access to his house on the night of the 7th of February, and stole the flute in question, which was a very valuable instrument, composed entirely of silver, and a quantity of spoons and other ar4,cles of plate. On the folIowinq day tbe prisoner Butterworth went to the shop of Mfr. Benuam, a silver refiner in Barbican, and produced the flute and the other- articles that had been stolen, all of them broken in pieces, and offered them for sale. Mr. Benham at once suspected that the property had been improperly come by, and put some questions to the prisoner, -who left the sho andreturned with the other prisoner, allaes, and he saiM that the silver WaS his propertY. Mr.- Benbam stl declined to purchases and sald that he Ehould detain- the silver till e had made some inquiries relating to it. ThI police subsequently tracedout the lirisoner Butterwortb, wand; aSfter being squestioneid, he said he hald received the silver fro Ilin~s, wend lhee took hims tX the place where that prisoner lived, and he admitted that he had given the pro- to Butterworth to dispose of. In addition to these it was shown thit Raines's boot fitted a footmark, which appeared to have been made by some person vho had jumped from the window of the prosecutor's house on the night the robbery was committed. The defence set up for the prisoners was that they had told the truth in the matter, and that they had become possessed of the property honestly, and that they had nothing to do with the robbery. A great number of witnesses were called, who gave both the prisoners an excellent character. M&. Justice Wros}rr^s having summed np, The jury, after deliberating for some time, retired. In about a quarter of an hour they returned into court and gave a verdict ag6ainst both prisoners of feloniously receiving the property. They recommended Butterworth to mercy. Raines was sentenced to four years' penal servitude, and Butterworth to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six months. 'he prisoners Jones and Martin were then brought up, and Jones, who had pleaded guilty to another charge of felony, was sentenced to six years' pena^l servitude, and MIartin was sentenced to four yeas of the same punishment. [WCORT. (Before Mir. Justice Eru) James Sydenham, 40, wheelwright, was indicted upon the coroner's warrant for the manslaughter of James Corn. well. Mr. W. J. Payne prosecuted, and Mr. BalUantine defended. It appeared that the deceased, a child 11 years of age, was upon the 14th of Januaryat the Surrey Theatre with some friends. The prisoner was there, and very drunk and abusive, and, the child having given him some offence by Istandimgnpon Uhe seat, the house being very fuol, he pinched Ithe deceased in a most tender part. The poor little fellow from that time made a continual complaint oE pain about the lower part of his body, and gradually declined until the 20th of February, when he died. Previously to this prisoner had been fined for the assault. The medical evidence failing to prove that the pinch was the cause of death, the prisoner was AcouiUed. This case, with a few unimportant felonies, was all that was disposed of during the day. THMD COURT. (Before the REconxu) John Ring Gnrney, 32, cook, a gentlemanly-looking, well dressed man, was indicted for forging and uttering a Til of acceptance for 271. 2s. with intent to defraud. Mr. Payne and Mr. Codd prosecuted, and Mr. Ballantine and Mr. D. Bingham Daley defended. Mr. PAYsNE, having stated the case, called Mr. Samuel Hicks Cotton, the cashier and managerof the Old Bank, at Uxbridge, who said that he knew the prisoner weL. He was a cook and confectioner, and had carried on business for some time in the High-street, Uxbridge. Upon the 17th of January the prisoner came to our bank, aud requested us to accommodate him with discount upon two biUs, one of which was the bill in question for 271. 2s. The bill purported to be drawn by the prisoner upon William Henry Hancock. From what we knew of thie prisoner's affairs we declined, and he then said, " If I can get David Bassett's name to it, will you do it "' I said, " Yes." He then went out, and came back a,ain in about 20 minutes with tlle bills, they then bearing the name of David Bassett upon them, and we then gave him the required accommodation. Some short time afterwards, discovering the biUs to be forgeries, the prisoner was at once given into custody of the police. The prisonerup to the time of this transaction bore a very high character. Mfr. David Bassett, corudealer, of VJxbridge, stated that the signature to the bill purporting to be his was a forgery. He had never authorized any one to use his name. The inspector upon duty at the stationhouse proved that upon the 5th of February, when the prisoner was brought there, he said, " What can you do for me ? I can get the money if that will do ?" He seemed greatly excited, and added, " I have paid Mr. HuU thousands, and he has put an e\ecution into my house for 601. It almost drove me out of my senses. I took the bills to the bank, and they sad they would cash them if they bore Bassett's name. I went to his house, and he was not at home. I then came back and did them myself. More executions came into my house, and then I did more, and if my house is searchedthe papers from which I copied those signatures will be found l among my papers ;" and this turned out to be true. Mfr. Henryl frchant Hancock, of JUxbridge, veterinary surgeon, said that the prisoner had no authority from him to use his name to the bills in question. Mr. B uLr uns said that he could rnot offer any answer to the charge, but had to urge upon the Court the high character whiich the prisoner had borne, and could only say in mitigation that the pressure under which he laboured had tempted him to follow an example which had been set by persons in a higher position thani himself. The jury found thepinonr Guilt,g'. Several witnesses were called,nwho gave the prisoner a hi5,h character of long standing. The amount of his forged bills was stated to be about Mr. Morton, a builder, who came up to give the prisoner a character, said that he was much to be pitied; he had fallen into hands who had taken a most usurious rate of interest from hir. Mr. P.nruxY, who represented several of the prosecutors in other cases, said that was quite true, and he had been led into doing this to stave off other liabilities. He (Mr. Parry) did not think the prisoner had received above 501. in money foracceptances to a large amount. The prisoner had fallen into bad hands, The RECORfDLR.-L1 Uxbridge or London ? Mr. P, RRY.-Both. The prisoner then pleaded guilty to the many other indictmaents. Mr. Morton said that he was a creditor under the prisoner's estate to about 1201., and suggested that the Court should defer sentence until after the prisoner's examination before the Commissioners in Bankruptoy, as then the whole extent of his affairs would be known. The RECORnERW said that he would do so, but warned the prisoner not to entertain too high hopes of leniency, as his offence was a most serious one. ; John Williams, 23, labourer, was convicted of a burglary in the house of Benjamin Boulter, and stealing therein property to the value of 1001. Mr. Payne prosecuted. . The case was fully reported when the prisoner's confederates were tried a few sessions ago. The prosecutor keeps theMarquis of Granby, Chandos-street, and the prisoner was the man who had arranged the breaking and entering the place, and kept watch outside, but was not taken at the time. The COURT sentenced him to 20 years' transportation, the same term to which the principal companion of his guilt upon that occasion was sentenced. James Phelps, 18, labourer,was indicted for stealing a 51.- note, a box and articles, valued at 81., the property of James Chapman, his master. Mr. W. J. Payne prosecuted, and Mfr. Metealfe defended. The case was a somewhat singular one. The prosecutoris a gentleman living at Sudbury, near Harrow, and, being from home for one night with his family, had left the house in the care of the prisoner, who was his servant. Some burglaries had been committed about the neighbourhood, and when the prosecutor came home he found his house had been broken into. The prisoner made several statements to induce a belief that some one had broken into the house, but subsequently pretended he had found part of the things about the premises, where it was clear that no one but himself could nave put them. He was found Guil4y, and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. This ended the business of the session.
ADROIT ROBBERY, TO TEE EDITOE OF THE TrEES. Sir,-A thief honoured my little cotwith a visit yesterday morning, and succeeded in carrying off a duplex clock, under a glaus case, which stood on the mnantelpiece. Being one of the many thousands who daily pourinto the heart of the city, my movements are as regular as my unfortunate clock, and shortly after Ieaving home yesterdlay a man respectably dressed, and looklng, I am assared, just like a worlkng clockmaker, called and stated that he was sent by Mr. Mfarriott, of St. John-street-road, for a clock; under a glass case, which he stated I had ordered to be repaired. lt happened unfortunately to need repair. On being questioned by my wife he gave my description, and replied to other questions whic-h were put to him satisfactorily and 'with the tmost coolness. lt did not occur to her that the clock could be seen from the doorsteps, as the servant, who was dusting the room, had opened the window. There is no clockinaker of that name rn St. John-street-road. The depredations of this character which are carried on with so much impunity have been innumerable of late in the neighbourhood of Canonbury and Islington. My neighbour lost a pianoforte, which was carried off before her eyes by some thieves, who called with a cart for it while she was moving to her present residence. To check the operations of these gentlemen this little tribute to their skill may be of service. Your obedient servant. V. J. E.
IAdvertisement.]-"A Comparative Table" is 'ust pub- ed, and forwarded free by post on receipt of one stamp, by Sanuel Brothers, 29, IaldSte-hill, showing the highest and lowest prices of bread, lour, and wheat during eac year, from January 1, 1=, to December 31, 1855. The purpose is toplace at ono glance before the reader a comprehensive view of all the relative vicissitudes of the breadand'wheat markets under the variouscircumstances of national prosperity or reverse, and the various fiseal regulations which havo operated during the period in question. "The table is altogether very suggestive."-Morning Advertiser. "The resit of the bakers' competition may be plainly seen in thislittle table."-Daily News. Advertisement.-C tain Marryat's Novels-pnce ls. 6d each. " Peter Simple ill be ready on the 15th of March, and caaotfailofmeetingwithan extraordinarysale. The events of tho last few years have revived the national love of our Royal Navy, and Captain Mlariyat'a sea stories contain the beat pictures of the scenes aud the most faithful portraits of the charactes wlhich abound in that branchof theservice. Fewwillbe able to eM the temptationnow that they are able to purchase these inimitable worls in eighteenpenny volumes. Let our sailor novelist be read by all classes; his graphic narratives wilirender the Royallavy more popular than ever, and will elevate the national character. " All realloversof their country have a good word for bold and houest Captain !farryat." The volume for the 15th of Aprilwill be " The King's Own," price Is. 6d., by Captain Mfarsyat. London, George Routledge and Co.. Farringdon-street. [Advertisement.]-" Elegant Arts for Ladies."-This is the title of a new book vvhich every fathershouldplace in his daughter's hands. It treats upon every art and accomplshment, and is superbly ilustrated. Ai more useful or elegant book does not exist, price 3s. 60t richly gilt. " Bechstei?'s Handbook of Cago-Birds" (rice 2. 6d 1 should be bought by aU who keep birds. " The Wife's 0wn Book o Cookery" will secure a good dinner with the most slender means Over250descriptivTillustrations add totheut,iity and value of thin .work, Whisb contains above 1500 original recets for dishes that may begot up in yny ,hold price 3 C Pblisht,d by Ward and Look, 11 1dleetSstreet, _- lAdvertisement.-" Ourw Ow Story," bySelin& Bthlry% in vols, is just published, and may be had at all the librWibs, " Miss Bunburymow comes beforce u in a work of Oiction Wlh11will sustain and extend her reputation. ' Our Own Story,' though not faltless, is a clover and amusing book. It has no defiliency of that delcacy of touch which is one of the characteristics of our lady writers, and is more animated than the productions of such pe usuallyara Mrs Bunbury, indeed, has seen a sreat deal of life, and has studied it -in other places than the drawing-room and the boudoir. Gifted with an obreevantmind, shepesses s asotbe faculty of conveyingher impres. lons to others in a striking and attractive manner, Eenoe~ this tale rivets attention, and, when once commnced, is Mot willioglylaid doTn. 3fi Bunbury'sbook is a welcome additiontothvlitsrtture of the day, and wi be sure of that reception which is due to her wel klo,n tMents,andstill moC hit oioriginAlity andmerit&r-Ir. EL )fag.
SPBING ASSIZS. -EDLAND CC. LEICESTE:R MABC1H 6. CRoWvx CouRT.-(Before the ILoit CHmIF JusTic.) John Fowkes, aged 45, labourer, was indictec for the wilful murder of John Acres Fowlkes, at Snarestone, on the 25th of November last. Mr. Mellor, QC., Mr. Cockle, and 3Mr. Merewetber con. ducted the prosecution; Mr. O'Erien and lMr. Bell, the defence. The principal witness against the prisoner was his bro tfher, William Fowkes, and the evidence which he gave sup. pliesthe best nauraive of the occurrence. His shtement was as follows .-The prisoner is my elderbrother. I have another brother living at Newton. Ihave two sisters. One, married to a man named Patrick, lives at Snarestone. The other, Elizabeth, lives in my father's house. She has been married, but is nowa widow. She had children before she was married. John Acres Fowkes, the deceased, was her illegitimate son. He also resided with my father, and so did Thomas Atldns, who is another of Falizabeth's children. Those three were all who lived with my father, and formed his family. fy father occupieda farm at Snrest4ne, near the church. He was about 80 years old, his health was bad in November last, and he died two months ago. I and the prisoner worked upon the farm as labourers. John, Acres also. The prisoner had been a butcher about seven years before, andhe was generaly called " butcher." I managed the farm principally. John Acres managed the accounts Ilived in the village. The prisoner lived at an odd house en the farm, about half a mile from my father's house. On Sunday, November 25, I went to my father's early in the morning, and again about 2 or 3 in the afternoon. At that tame John Aicres was at home, but he afterwards went out and left me with my faiher. About 9 in the evening the prisoner came. He called me out. H1e had dark clothes on, but not like the black coat which he has on now. He said to me, " John Acres has got 7001. of my father's money." I said, "No suchthing." He said, "Bown at the Elephant has told me so, and Stephen Tebbutt, too." I said, " YotL mnst not believewhat they tdll you; but rll tell you as nigh as can be what John Acres has got of father's money." I said, " 1001. as I know'd to." He said, " Iill be-if he hasn't got 700Z., and l' be-if I don't stop him this night." He followved me into the house, and stood a minute or two talldng to my father. He then went out, and bade us good night. I remained till Acres came back, about half-past IL Cooper, a policeman, came with him. My sister and Atkins had goneto bed. we had some ale together. I sat nearest to the window at the side of theroom, about a yard anda-half fromit. Coopersat next me, and Acres nest, and my father was on the sofa. My father got up and went to the side window. There was an outside shutter, fastened by a cotter within. My father "uncottered" the v;ndow, and opened it, and shored the shutterhack He waited there a bout three minutes. It was moonlight, the moon about the fulL Heclosed the window,ihtnotthe shutter. My father was returnin to the sofa when I beard a crash at the window. I turned to look, andhooted, " There's' butcher.' I Isaw his face at the window, but I did'nt see him plain. Ie was standing stil outside. I aren't able to tell wo it wvas, not certainly. I could not tell his size. While I was hooting the gun went off. I hooted very loud, but only once. He was close to the shutter or thereabouts. It was only open about eight inches. Iord CA iBELmL-What made you hoot? Witness.-I saw him at the window. I had not observed anything. I saw his face. I thought myself by the appearance of it that it was " butcher's" face. Lord CAWrBELL.-Did you see the face of the man ? Witness.-Yes; it was very light at that time. Ihave a belief that it was the " butcher." I believe it was. I now believe it, from what I then saw. I heard the gun go off, and then he went away. We heard him run by the window through the garden towards the park. I said, " He's a dead man,"rmeaning Acres. I ran to the kitchen door. I could not open it. It was fastened outside. I went back, and we laid Acres on the floor. I took a klnife and mulled the door, while Cooper cut the rope with which it had been fastened. We got into the yard. We could not see or hear anybody. I should think it was five minutes before we got out. We ascertained that the door had been fastened with a pole across the door, tied to the handle by rope. The front door was never used, and had long been difticult to open. I had seen the pole two or three days before against the carpenter's shop w ere we used to work, about 50 yards from the kitchen-door. The doctor and constable were sent for. The garden-gate leading into the park wvas found open. Acres lived tiU the following Thursday. 'Upon cross-examination the witness stated that the shutter was always closed at dusk, and that wlhen his father opened it it stiU covered the greater part of the window; that he did not see any gun; that Cooper would not where he was sitting have so good a view of the window as the witness had; that he saw the face when he hooted, and heard the report at the same moment. The statement of this witnems was confirmed by Cooer, the polceman; except that Cooper saiv nothing when William owkes hooted, "There's 'butcher at the window." He stated that he had not time to look before the gun went off. He had last seen the prisoner at about half-past 10Oon the Sunday nigtht, and had had a glass of ale with him at a publichouse. ~When they parted, the prisoner went in a direction towards hisown home. Tmhe further evidence adduced in support of the charge was entirely circumstantial. The mother of the deceased, having been disturbed by the report of fire-arms, got up and went to the window which looked into the garden, and there she saw somebody in a dark coat go by, stooping in a direction towards the park, and towards a ploe ghed field beyond. In that field the footprints of a person were found, which, according to the evidence of two constables, corresponded with boots found in the prisoner's house, which he said that he had worn'.on Sunday. Similar footprints were also found near to the carpenter's shop, whence the pole had been taken with which the kitchen door was fastened; and one witness had seen that pole at the shop as late as between S and 4 on the Sunday afteMrnoon. On the Monday morning the prisoner's house was searched, and a gun found there, as well as some shot and caps and powder. They Were not found in any unusual place, and the constable at first thought that the spring of the trigger was broken and the gan useless. The prisoner himseTf said to the constable, while he was examining it, "It does not look much like a shooter," and the constable replied that it did not. He also said that his boy had been shooting sparrows and had broken it. It appeared, however, upon further examination that the gun nas so constructed that it would take to pieces, and that whnsmthe wba re wamoved the trigger was thrown ont of gear, the mainspring slipping off the uimbler, but thatitwas capable of being readjustedina fewh minuters with the assistance o ha screw-driver. One of the witnessesduringhispexamination performed thisonperation, and exhibited the gunon A condition for use. Fpon this part of the case two gunseiths were examined, who stated that the gun was one of very rough constraction, but one which could 'without difficulty be fired ofbya person ho understood it. Inide the barrel they had observed a gwaze or scratch, as to the precise length and position of which however, they did not quite agree, but which, in the opinion of both of them, could not have been mgde by common shot, ibut must have been made by some hard subsance, as stone or iron. This evidence was rendered important by the ci-cumstance that upon the post eo-pte7n esamination of the body of the deceased the surgeon had extraced from the wound in the head, besides five smal shot, several hits of brick or stone. The shot found in the prisoner's house was also asdetaied to be of the same weight as that which had been extracted fromta window-sill of the room in which the deceased was shot; and the constable stated that when he took possession of the gan on the Monday morning the inside of the barrel was insa moist state, so that it blackened his finger whenhe put it in, In addition to the evidence above stated many witnesses were camled, who detaied various espressions of il-will which the prisoner had sed with respect toithe deceased and othermembersof the famil. Thomas Atkins stated that he had heard the prisoner and the deceased more tan once have differences about the work. Elizabceth Fowkes had heardgthe prisoner onhthe Sunday in question ask his father whether he meant William to take all and pay all to which his father rephled that he did not; that theyttoelrl share and share alike. To another witness on the previous Saturday the prisoner had said that there were some papers which the deceased had which he wanted to get, and vrhch he must have, and that he would "serve the devil out." To another, who had lent his cart to Williina Fowvkes, he had said on the Wednesday before, "You have lent those devils your cart again. Isd advise you to look at the linchpins and springs, and examine the cart all over before you go out agam " and, whenthe vitness said, "Youl would not do an injury of that sort," added, "I don't wish to break your neck, or I shouldn't have told you;, you had better examiine the cart before you go out with it again, for Ibe - if I don't, finish those devils before ninny days are over." Sinillar expressions were deposed to by other witnesses. The prisoner was apprehended at his owrn house on the Mlonday morning, shortlyF after 5 o'clock. The constable found him standing at his door, and told him the charge npon which lewsapeended, calling Acres by mistak-e hLsbrother. The prisoner answered, "Iam innocent. I knownothingabout it." The constable asked him where he had been the previous night. The prisoner replied, " I was at Mr. Wilkfxins publichouse, at Snarestone. I left there shortly before 11 o clock, had a pint of ale, came home, hadimy supper, and then -went to bed." Upon being askced why he was up so early he said that he got up about 2 Oclock, in consequence of one of his children having a bad finger. He also stated thathehadbeen makingsome thatch pegs, and that he was going off to Newton, thatching, when the constable came. One of the prisoner's children did ap. pear to the constable to have a bad finger. After the prisoner was in custody the constable told him that he had made a mistke, and that-be was charged.witlishooting his nephew-not his brother; whereupon the prisonersaid, "I was not likely to do that; Pan very fond of him, hut miy brother Bill is a bad one." Mr. O'BRIN then addressed the jury for the prisoner, and commented upon the different descriptions of evidence which had been adduced. He contended that theiury coulld not, with any xafety, act upon the doubtful belief of William FowLes-a belief founded upon a mere momentary glance3 rad that, indeDeudently of his evidence, the case rested upon circusstances not satisfa,ctorily proved and, even if proved, too slight and insign ant in hemseves to warrant a conviction. As to the footuarks, there was, fuist of all, nothing remnarkable about the boots; that was admitted, and the jura 'would hesitate before they came to the conclusion that t e footprints seen in. the ploughed field had been m -,e by the prisoner's boots; but, if they were satisfied of that, the fact was of very little importane, beciuse the Rrisoner was employed upon the farm, and his footprints might be fould iiywliere about the farm with. I out affording any just round of e spiclon against him, - Neither was the pomesion of a poacher's gan a eircum. aance of any weightagnst htu; for, inthe first place, it was viot even proved that the deeesd was ldlled bya gun- shots Nobody saw the weapon by which the inury was in; Ricte, andall thatas known about it was that it vas sonme description of fire-arme. Besides, the gun was found in its properplace, and probably the same evidence might have Cn procured in the houses of half the fanmers ana la. bourers in the neighbourhood. Then, as to the expressions of ill-well, he rather reliea upon them as indicating the absence of any intention to commit any serious crime. It was mot in thenatureof guiltto proclaim itself to theworld; ana idle, recldess, nnmeaning expresSions of anger were too com' mon in the class of life to which the prisoner belonged to furnish any evidence of an intention to carry themout. If the prisoner had conceived the deadly purpose of destroying the life of one of his own relations, the jury might feel assured that he would have kept that purpose to himself and, giving the utmost effect to those expre3sions ;i ch re3sonably could be given to them, he maintained that they showed no more than that there were' in this family, a5sthere too often were even in famnilies in much hiherWposstion, disputes and jealousies, producing. some degree Of ilay bnt hWill6 ng foundation iteveri for the chage of a serious Crime. In conclusion, he trustee that the jury would be able, consistently with their duty.l to find a verdict which would save them from the painafa reflection that they had been the meas of cutting ahort the life of a fellow-man, and w7ich would save the town of Leioester from all the horrors of a public execution. The LoP, CarPr JUSTICE summed up the "vidence vesX minutely; and The Jury retired to consider their verdict. After re.;. aining in deliberation about a quarter of an hour they xe. turned into coxrt and delivered a verdict of Guilty. The learned JuDGE then proceeded to pass sentence of death in the usunalforn, expressing bis entire concurrence in the verdict, and holding out to the prisoner no hope that his life would be spared. tUpon hearing this the prisoner exclaimed, " MyLord, X am innocent of this crime P'
WPSRPF.R flVR.flT WInCaTERS T MAIci 7. (Befare.Mr. &Srje4nt CUA.NELLz ) William Ansell was indicted for the wilf-da nurder of bij wife, Amelia Ansell, at Portsmouth. Mr. Coleridge and Mr. W. JiL Cooke were counsd for the prosecution; and Mr. Saunders and Mr. Poulden defendea the prisoner. .lt appeaed that the prisoner had been a ship steowrd& - and ha been in the Crimea. When he came home he brought with him several valuable articles which he hai obtained from Sebastopol, and he ueed to keep a ColVts re., volver in his bedroom close to his bed. Thne prisoner'g wife was a timid woman, and was alarmed at this pistol being kept sO near her bed, and they used to quarrel about it. The prisoner and his wife liied at Kettering-terraoe,. Portsmouth. The partitions between the houses there wera so thin, that wzhat took place in one house could be heard isa the next. On the evenng of the 22d of Febrary de. ceased come home so much in liquor that a neigh. bour assisted her to undress, and she put her to bed. The prisoner came home soon afterw ards, andr was heard to undress bimself. The husband and wife talkecE together, and the voices became louder. At length the wife vas heard tocry " Help, helpmurder, murder I pray don't -make my peace " and then the report of a pistol wax heard. A next door neighbour instantly got into the prisoner's house, and met the prisoner at the door. He seemecf almost frantic, and said to the neighbour (a woman) " Come and see what rve done to my uoor -wife." She went Upstairs, and found the deceased lying on thefloor. She was insensible, but not dead; but she died soon after-. wards. A bullet had passed through her head. Ther prisoner at first said the woman had done it herself, but he afterwards said it was an accident, and! the pistol had gone off between them. When the prisoner last came home from sea he had a stick withk him, and he told his wife that it was for her if she behaved' ill. IJpon another occasion he was showing some pople the thinigs he had brought home, when the wife observeS! that she was afraid of the pistol, upon which the prisoner said to her "The contents are for yon if you don't behave well" When the prisoner was asked why he kept the pisto1 loaded, he saidhedid so because his househad beenattempted. After the death of the wife the pistol was found; one barrel had been recently discharged. There were live chambers of the pistolloaded. The prioner threw himself on the body of his wife, andwas in so violent a statethathe ams obliged' to be held by three men. Hesaidheshould not be happy. any more; he had lost his right hand, and he wished he hIs! shot himself. Mr. SAU-DERS addressedthe jury for the prisoner, urgingupon them that the pistol had gone off by accident. Witnesses were called who gave the prisoner a most excellentcharacterfor humanity and good conduct. It vAs proved that the prisoner had beenpersona31y thanked by the: Dulke of Cambridge for his attention to him while : laboured inder illness at Balaldava. Lieutenant O'Rleilly stated that the prisoner, when oni board the Retribution, had acted towards him weith great kindness. Mr. Serjeant CHASSNEmEminsumming up, observedthatths exclamations made by a mani after he had committed ncrime were not much to be attended to. The jury returned a slverdict of Not Guilty. Nisi P'suus CouT.-(Beforc Mr. Jmtce C BOWDEa and ev Common Jury.) I'ESrN= UN~D ANOTHER V. BUTrLn, rMIGHT. YMr. Collier, Q C., and Mr. Bullar were counsel for the' plaintiffs; Mr. Slade, Q.C., and M1r. H. T. Cole appearA for the defendant. This was an action brought by the assignees of a bank; rupt named Simpson against the late Sheriff of Hants, the Hon. Sir E. Butler, to try the validity of a levy made on the goods of the banklrupt on the 16th of Novemher last, wrhen Sir B. Butler was sheriff, and raised some important questions on the construction of the late bank. ruptey acts. It appeared t;hat the banrupt Simpson wras ; puican at Eat tCowees,and being indebted ton MUr. Per -s, a wine merchant at Southampton, he sued him, obtamjed judgment, and issued a wit of .ficri facicss to thel sheriff endorsed to levy 47L. This writ was executes! on the 16th of November last, and a man put in possession, and on the 19th sufvcient goods were sold by the sheriff to cover the levy in the nsual way., At thattimueno notice had been given to the sheriff of any act of bankruptcy by Simpson, but it subsequently tuaeny out that on the 14th of November Simpson had made a decLaration of insolvency in theBankruptcy Court, in London, and had petitioned that Court to be made a bankrupt. re was accordingly adjudicat.ed a bankrupt on the 19th, anrr the plaintiffs appointed assignees. These facts having beer. proved, Mr. CoTr.rnn contended tBat as the levy made by the sheriff on the goods of the bankzrupt had not been perfectet by levy andsaleprior to4the date of the petition in bank. ruptcy, under the Bank;ruptcy Consolidation Act, 12 anIa 13 Victoria, c. 106, the levy wfas illegaL. Mr. Srann and Mr. COLE, on the part of the defendant; contended t;hat the plaintiffs must be nonsuited, as the assignees had not made out their title, for in cases in which k party was made bankrupt on his own petition, it was insisted that he should prove to the satisfaction of the Bankruptcy Court that he had available assets to the amount of 150Z. to be divided among the creditors. Mr. CoLLnR and Mr. BulLAiS, contrai, contended that i*t was only necessary to prove that before the BankruptcS Court, and that it was not competent to the defendant ts raise that qestion in this action. Mr. Justice CBowvixEs said that at first he was inclined? to hold that it was not necessary for the plaintiffs in making out their title to prove that the bankrapt was in possession of 1501. available assets at the time of his petii4on, but orL further consideration and after hearing the arguments o£ the learned counsel he had come to the opinion fhat it was nesessary for the plaintiffs to prove that fact here, in ordeL to make out their title; at the same time, the question wag one of considerable difficulty, and it appeared that the point raised was a new one. He should therefore rule that; such proof must be given or the plaintiffs nonsuited. He would, however, give Mr. Collier leave to move. Mr. CoiBun then said that he was prepared with evidence to prove that the bankrupt was in possession of assets to the amount of 1501.at the time of his petition. Evidence was then gone into on the part of the plaintiffi and the defendant as to the value of the furniture andI stock in trade of the bankrupt at the time of his petition. On the part of the plaintiffs it w;as proved that if the bankrupt's goods were to be valued as between outgoing and incoming tenant, and the value of his licenses takenL into consideration, he had assets to the required amount. On the other hand, it was shown that if the goods were to be valued as for a forced sale the amount that his goods and stock in trade would have realised, after payment of the costs, would have been less than 150L Mr. Justice Csrot0vDwn, in summingup, directed the jury-,' that they might take into their computation the valne of the goods as between outgoing and in-coming tenant, and also the value of the licenses. The juryfound for the plainfiffi, saying they acted upon the computation of the plaintiffs' witnesses. On the application of the defendant's counsel executioli was stayed until next term, in order to allowa mnotion to he made totheCourt, on the ground that the learned judge's ruling as to the mode of combputing the value of tho assets was wrong. (SEcforc a .Special Juryt.) WOORSLY V. FOQuETr. Mr. Collier, Q.C., and Mr. Woriley were counsel for the tiff; and 1Mr. Serjeant Kinglake, Air. Poulden, and .Cooke, represented the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff, a captain itI the East India Company's service, against the defendant, an attorney in the Isle of Wlght, for negligence in his business in investiugmoney mntruted to him by the plaintif on insufficient security, and for taking a bad title to the property on which the money was advanced. It appeared that in 1847 Captain WVoraey, beiJg in India, transmitted to the defendant the sum of 400L-, to be Iaif out on mortgage. The defendant lent the sum to Akr.. lUrxy, a builder, of Ventuor, taking an assignment of the lease of an unfinished house situated there. The house was completed and let for a short time, but since 1848 has remainedunoccupied and unproductive to the plaintiffs It was alleged by the plaintiff that the house, when fLnished, was never worth more than 500., and that it was an act of negligence on the part of the defendant to advance 4001. dLn property of such small value. The house was offered for sale by auction, but could not be disposed of for the sum. advanced; in fact, no bidding at all could be obtained. On tho part of the defendant it w as contended, and cvi- dence was adduced to show, that the house, when finished I was worth at least 7001., and that it wasgowing to the depreciation of property at Ventnor, wliuch could not bet foreseen by the defendant, that the security had turned out; to be insullicient. The jury returned a verdict for the defendant.
NOROIMRT A CIRCTJr. DURaA3L, MARCH 6. - 3ALLL V. RIOfIlSO1 AND OTnELS. CIVIL COURT.-(Before dIM. Justicc W3TLLL,. I This was an action for damages, brounght by ithe p1ah'ti1r.' Robert William Hall, against the defenfdants, as w-igjieees of his fathe's estate. br. Watson, QX.. and Mr. Unthank appeared forhet plaintiff, and 3r. IHgh Hill, Q.C., and 3r. .Malisty foz the defendants. From the statement of the learned oounned, it appxredi that the plaintiff wan a farner rcesiding at Boug4,
OXFORD CIRCUIT. OXFORD, tL4cn 7. -:Y3IL UOIJRT.-(Beforc Arr. Baron BRAMWELL and - .Special Juries.) ;ISItER V.T BROWN. 'Mr. Keating, Q.C., Mfr. Serjeant Pigott, and Mr. Dowdeswell appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Whateley, Q.C., anid ]Mr. hipson for the defendant. This was an action in. which the plaintiff, formerly the tenant of two farms in this coumty, called respectively the Gran,e Farm and the Manor Farm, sought to recover from the uefendant damages for an illegal and excessive distress. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and also paid into court the sum of 301., alleging that the plaintiff h'ad sustined no greater damage. The defendant had levied for the sum of 1,400?., wrrhereas the plaintiff's case was that only h28?. 12s. 4Ad. w as due. 1'he Jury ultimately gave the plaintiff 701. damages, in adEitior to the amount paid into court. - The rest of the day was occupied in the trial of an action for a malicious prosecution, which was not concluded wvhen the Court adjourned. CR:3M?AL COURT.-(Before Mr. Xivstice CRESSWVELL.) Oi;er Vasher surrendered to take his trial upon a charge of writing several letters, threatening to accuse one Charles Jame!; Epin of an unnatural offence, with a view to extort money. * Mr. Huddleston and Mr. Hill appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Williams defended the prisoner. - Th: prosecutor in this case, C. J. Kllpin, was formerly a gentlemnan-commoner of Worcester College, and possessed an income of 1,6001. a-year; but, according to the evidence, he led a very dissolute life while at the University, and eventnally left it in reduced circimistances. In the year 1850 his income had become reduced to about 1601. a-year, and, being in this state, he for sever"l years lived at various places, where he was in the labit of associating with loose characters whom lie m(t with at publichouses' and elsewhere. Inthe month of Xlly, 1854, he by the death of his brother again become nosse.,-ed of an ample income, and on the oth of July, f854, he was found at a wake in the Red Lion publichouse, at Steeple Aston, in this county. He was then in the compny of the prisoner Oliver WVasher, and two others, with whom he played a game at whist. It appeared that on that Evening he was induced by the prisoner to accept a bill of exchan-e for 301. payable in two months, but when the bill - as about to become due he expressed his intention not to pa:r it, on the ground, as w,as suggested, that he had not received any consideration for the amount. The prisoner, ipprshensive that he would not be paid, on several occasons alluded to some circumstances of which he alleged he had been a witness on the night of the 'wake at Steeple Aston. If -hat vhe stated was true, there could be no doubt that the prosecutor and a young man n-amed Hemmin- had on that night been guilty of an -nn amral offence. lie also wrote several letters to the prosecutir, and to one of his (the prosecutor's) fiiends, a man named Louch, in which he more obscurely hinted at the same circumstances, and threatened that if the prosecutor did mot pay the bill he -would expose his "abominable actions." The prosecutor, in the year 1855, at the March issizes, preferred a biU of indictment against the prisoner, charging him in a great variety of counts -with threatening - to accuse him of an unnatural offence, with a view to extort money. The prisoner, who was a bootmaker and seller of cigars at Oxford, immediatell absconded, and was not seen again till lately, when he was arrested at Swansea. He now surrendered in discharge of his bail to take his triaL Several w,itnesseswere examined in support of the charge, and clearly established the ufttering of the words, and that the letters in question had been writtenlbytheprisoner. The young man Hemming was also cal7ed. Hedeniedthatanythinuimpro erbadtakenplace between him and the prosecutor, though he admitted that he had been found by the prisoner and another man named Loucl in the stable at the Red Lion, in company with the prosecutor, at 1o'clock in the morning. He also said the Ntable-door had been fastened by the desire of the pro.senutor, when he heard somebody coming, and that it was :Forced open by the prisoner and the other man. It was stated hy counsel that the prosecutor himself wouid be put into tihe box; but' when he was called he did not answer; ;he case consequently concluded without his evidence iMr. WrrLar{s having address ed the jury for the prisoner, Mr. Justice CRESS-WELL summed utp the evidence, and, in soLcoing,, said the trutth or falJsehood of the charge made irgainss the prosecutor was immaterial in this inquiry, the only question. being whether the prissoner had writtten the I et.terss with the intent to extort money. - The jury found the prisoner Guily :Mir. Justice CP.ESSwN E, in passing sentence, e.xpressed iis abhorrence of the conduct of the prisoner in making siuch a charge agaiust the prosecutor for the purpose of e.xotin. money. The crime of the pdrisoner was the greater because no prudence or courage could protect a man against such imputations. Whatever might have been the cause inf the prosecutor's absence-wfhether he was kept away by carelessness or by folly, his Lordship said he felt it to be due to the witness Hemming to say l-hat after the evidence which he had given he thought 1-here was no foudation. for the charge made against him. :t was impossaible to say what motive had induced the prolocator to ask the boy to go with him to the stable, as he had done, hut it might have been to protect him againsit thbe p.risoner, who almnost imnmediately followed. Hiss -ordsItip said be hoped the sentence he was about to pass ould be an example to deter others from the commission of such crimes, and then sentenced him to penal servitude -for si; years. - The prisoner, who, we understand, has a wife and ten children, w as then removed, having first protested his innocence, and handed his watch and gold chain to a gentleman '-vho an3peared to he his solicitor.
POLICE. GUILDRALI.-Michael Geary and John Ilynn were againbrought up, charged with brealing the plate-glass front c f Mr. T. Walter, pawnbroker, and stealing therefrom avariety of gold and silver watches, gold Albert guards, and gld chains, to the value of about 1001. Some additional evidence of a corroborative character having been given, the prisoners, who denied the charge, were (omnirntted for trial. Bo' -s,Enr.-r31r. JARD\7E received a contribution of Wi. for the poor-box from M1r. E. T. Smith, lessee of Drurylane "heatre. An acknowledgment in lVie Times was re'quested. Lm EBETI.-Charles Morris, alias CherTy, and Thomas CherrT, his brother, and both of them I ticket-of-leave mnen," were finally examined on a charge of burglariously b:reaking intothepremises of Mr. Edward Stow a silveraniuth andjeweller onCanberell-green, andstealng there:Iroms ome articles of plate. M1r. Solomon attended for the prisoner Thomas Cherry,. and Pleaded an alzc i defence. It nill be recollected that a conversation which the pri.soner Morris had in the month of lTovember last with a fellow prisoner in the House of Correction, Coldbath-fields, t o the effect that it was his intention, as soon as he was l eleas4d, to rob a jeweller's-shop on Camberwell-green, ledto the ay irchensionof theprisoners on the day afterthe robbery. l n a& ition to the suspicion wvhich attached to the prisone; h3orris, there were the additional Thets that at a late hour -If the night of the robbery he had been seen a short dis.ance from the shop of the prosecutor by a policeman, and - Eis. Etow actually swore to him as having spent some time in looling in at the shop window on the evening before the * robbery. It was further sworn that his boots fittedthe footmi,rks in Mr. Stow's garden, so that, as far as he was conceraed, there could not be the slightest doubt of his uilt. With respect to the other prisoner, the only thing %which led to the suspicion against him was that he had been found at the same lodgings with Morris on the mo.-ing after tie robbery; but 3X, olomon called a young woman -uiith whom Cherry lived and his aunt, both of whom swore that h.: had been at home and in bed during the whole of the nii-ht of the robbery, and he was disebarged. It was f3rtun;te for the other prisoner that he had not succeeded in sia ing his way into the shop of the prosecutor. Had he done sa he certainly would have been shot, for, from the c'ation received by Mr. Stow of the intended visit of a burglah, ha slept in his shop with a loaded gun and pistol by his side. The prisoner was fully committed for trial. Mif. NORToN; received a donation of 1Os. from "i E. D. Scr the poor-box, lwhich he requested might be acknow, 3cdged,
NA VAL AND MTTARY INTELIJGENCE., The following letter from Malta, dated February 28, noticing various movements at the port, is from our own corelspsoment t.- "Considerable activity ptevai1s in the military ancl naval departments at Malta. " The Colombo and Imperador steame±-s embarked on the 28th 47 officers and 1,700 non-commissioned officers and privates for the seat of war, and other steamers are looked for to take away 1,300 more. Meanwhile the Malta reserve is kept up, the Great Britain having within the last few days arrived with 1,050 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of various regiments; the Ripon, with the 1st Battalion of the 2d Regiment of Light Infantry of the British Swiss Legion, 712 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates; the Indian, with 513 of the Coldstream and Scots Fusilcer Guards; and the Australian, with 100 of the Osinanli Horse Artillery and 60 of the medical staff.. "The Ripon, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship, in the transport service, arrived from Southampton and Gibraltar on the 24th. This vessel left for the Levant on the 27th. "Her Majesty's sarew steam-corvette Sphynx, for Constantinople, and Her MHajesty's steam transport Industry, forthesame port, calling at Corfu, with hosnital stores, took their departure on the 20th ; on the 26th 2ter Majesty's screw steamsloop Curlew, for the Black Sea, and on the 27th Her Majesty's screw steamsloop Swallow, for Constantinople. "-The Chanticleer steam transport arrived, from Constantinople on the 20th, with ordnance stores. She left for England on the 27th. The Harbinger steam transport arrived from Scutari on the 21st, bringing for Malta His Netherlands Majesty's ambassador at the ublime Ottoman Porte, the Count de Zuylen de Nyevelt and family. This vessel left for England on the 23d. "Eer Majesty's steam frigate Gladiator arrived fiom Einburn and Constantinople.on the 17th. s " The Earsdon steam transport left for England on the 19th. "The City of Baltimore steam transport, in the French service, left for Marseiles on the 20th, having on board 229 imilitary invalids, and having intow the American ship Gauntlet, with 244 more. "The Lady Jocelyn steamer, in the French transport service, arrived from Constantinople on the 21st, and left for Marseilles on the 23d, having on hoard 201 French military invalids, and having in tow the English ship Balance, with 311 invalids "TheCaledoniasteamer, inthe same service, arrived from Constantinople on the 22d, bringing 165 French military invalids, and left on the 23d for Port Vendres. "The Rajah steam transport left for Genoa on the 20th. "TIe Speculatere, Enghish brig, arrived from Civita Vecchia on the 23d. "The Black Boy steam transport arrived from Genoa on the 25th, with 60 bullocks for the British Commissariat contractors ; and on the same day the bark Otter, from the same port, with 60 mules for the same department. ! "The Great Britain, after landing the draughts from England, left for Genoa on the 27th, to convey to the seat of war the newly raised Italian Legion. " The Thabor. French postal steamer, arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, on the 20th bringing among other passengers for Malta Major Hacket, and for Marseilles, for which pOrt she took her departure on the same day, i24 French mniltary invalids, and Captain Kennedy, who embarked at Malta. "The Philip Auguste, French postal steamer, left for Marselles, calling at Messina and the intermediate Italian ports, on the 20th, conveying, among other passengers, LieutenantColonel Staveley and Major Chichester. " The Carmel, French postal steamer, arrived from Marseilles on the 24th, bringing, among other passengers, Captain Mends, 11.l., of the Hannibal; Captain Sto ford, ThTh;, .appointed to the Agamemnon; Captain Gubbins, 85th; Lieutenant Mitford, 19th; Major A. J. Campbell, Lieutenant-Colonel Wilton, 60th, for Malta; and 1 French officerforConstantinople, for which port she left on the same evening. " The Capitole, French postal steamer, arrived from Marseilles on the 24th, bringing, among other passengers, Captain Lindsay, Scots Fusileer Guards; Colonel and Mrs. Forrest, LieutenantLawson, 46th; LieutenantHutton, 46th. "The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ava arrived from Alexandlia on the night of the 25th, with the heavy Lndia mails, bringing, among other passengers for Ma ta, Sir A. Larpent, Captain Mackenzie, and Mr. Green, R.N. ; for Marseilles, Captain Montle, Majors Bennet and Bruce, Lieutenant Elwyn, Captain Roberts, Captain and Mrs. O'Donnel; for Southampton, Lieutenant Baker, Captain Manby, Major Shortread, and Major and Mrs. Norton. This vessel left for Gibraltar and Southampton on the 26th. " The Robert Lowe steamer, with Government stores, left on the 20th for Constantinople and Balaklava. "The Teneriffe steamer arrived fromSmyrna. on the 20th, ar d left for Liverpool on the 21st. " The Lady Berreiedale steamer, from MEarseilles, arrived on the 20th, and left for Constantinople and Kasniesch on tle 22d. " The Tubal Cain screw steamer arrived from Constantincple on the 21st, and left for Marseilles on the 26th. "*The Lebanon screw steamer arrived from Liverpool on the 22d, and left for Constantinople on the same day. "The Pactolus screw steamer arrived from Alexandria on the 23d with grain and cotton, and left for Liverpool on the 24th. "The Stamboul screw steamer arrived from Constantinopleon the 23d, and left for Marseiles on the 26th. " The African screNv steamer arrived from Alexandria on the same day, and left for Iiverpool on the 24th. "The screr steamer Arcadia from Liverpool, arrived on the 20th, and left for Constantinople on the 25th. "The screw steamer Egyptian amved from Liverpool on the 26th, bringing Colonel Adams, and left for Salonica on the same day. "The Paris, French screw steamer, arrived from MarseiUes on the 27th. " The Thessalia screw steamer arrived from Smyrna on the 27th."1 *The Royal yachts will in a few days be preparing for the reception of Her Majesty, who, with the King of the Belgians, is expected at Portsmouth, en route to Osborne, on or about the 16th inst. A review or inspection of the fleet is ramoured, and it is also reported that Her Majesty contemplates a visit to Portugal this suTmmer. A court-martial is ordered to assemble on Mlonday at Portsmouth, to try Commander Frederick Warren and Mr. Herbert, the master of Her Majesty's late steamsloop Pclyphemus, for the loss of that vessel in the Baltic last month. Mr. James Hoskins, solicitor, of Gosport, is engaged to assist Commander Warren. The Dee steam-vessel, Master Commander Pullen, anrrived at Portsmouth yesterday morning from the eastward with boilers and machinery for `,the ships fitting out. The Resistance troopship, Master Commander Hall, was taken into the fitting-basin at Portsmouth yesterday for repairs and to be docked. The Comet steamtug left port yesterday, to convoy two gunboats from Pembroke. There were no movements in the fleet yesterday. The steam transporb Simla, one of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's fleet, Captain T. H. Russell, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock from the East. She left Malta on the 26th ulb., and has brought Zientenant J. F. Willinson, of the Turkish Contingent; Lieutenant Heydock, of the 90th Regiment; Mr. Castle, from Scutari; Lieutenant Maude, of the 15th Hussars; Major Stoddart, of the Turkish Contingent; Captain Barrow, of the 3d Dragoon Guards; Lieutenant Hartopp, of the Royal Horse Guards Blue; Major Barnard, of the Tarkish Contingent; Surgeon Crowley, of the Osmanli Cavalry; 111 military invalids (81 from Scutari, and 30 from Renkioi); 10 Government carpenters, Messrs. Boyle, Bloxam, Hodd, midshipmen R.N.; Mrs. Werry and daughter; 5 secondclass passengers, 7 deck passengers, 29 navalinvalids, and 10 convalescents-total passengers, 100. Captain the Hon. James R. Drummond, C.B., joined Her Majesty's ship Victory yesterday, and sacceeded Captain G. T. Gordon as flag captain to Vice-Admiral Sir George F. Seymour, K.C.B., G.C.H., &c. The hired steam transport Earl of Durham, No. 230, Captain Reed, with huts for the army and with stores from the Royal Wiliam Victualling-yard, left Plymouth on Thursday for Constantinople and Balaklava. The bark Shanghai, Captain Peter Logan, 61 days from the Cape of Good Hope, laden with wool, landed a small mail at Plymouth on Thursday. The General Screw Company's steamship Hydaspes, Captain Hyde, transport No. 87, will sail from Southampton this. day, with four officers, 120 men, and 200 horses of the D troop of the Royal Horse ArtiUlery. ThisvesseL also con. veys five sergeants of the 88th Regiment; Mr. Legard, of the Land Transport Corps; Captain Parrington, 19th Regiment; and Major Helebut, 19th Regiment; besides others, including four clerks of the Commissariat Department. The Argo sailed yesterday morning with troops and horses for the Crimea. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Great Western, transport No. 6, is under orders to receive horses and troops for conveyance to the Baltic on the 12th inst. Her Majesty's steamer Hecla sailed from Liverpool for Portsmouth yesterday, accompanied by the Brave and Beacon, two of the new iron gunboats, recently built by Mr. Laird. The gunboats had steam up, and sailed with the Hechla. Her Majestys steamer Geyser still remains at -anchor in the Mersey, but she will escort several other boats to Portsmouth in a few days. The Sarah Sands screw steamer sailed on Thursday from Liverpool direct for the Crimea with detachments of troops and officers, including Captain Hf. Mercer, Captain Grylles, Lieutenant Still, Lieutenant De Visnes, Assistant-Surgeon Bradshaw, and a veterinary srgeon, all of the: Royal Artillery. The brig Sappho, 12, from Chatham, arrived at Plymouth on Wednesday, bound to the West Coast of Afrca Her Majes's steamer Firefly, Captain Otter, sailed from Woolwich on Thursday morning for the Baltic. The Marley Hill, hired transport, has left :Woowich with a large cargo of general victualing stoma for Malta and Constantinople. Second Lieutenant Pascoe, Woolwich division of Royal Marines, has been promoted, as First Lieutenant, vice Nason, appointed to the Land Trnort CQorps. The launch of the despatch gunboat Surprisetook pLace on Thursday morning at Messrs. Wigr ams building-yard, Blailcwall, whvnce she Wil be coAveyod to the , last Indi'a Dock to be rigged and fitted for service. 'The Surpriso will carry seven guns of the followingl description :-Two 68-pounders, four 32s, and one 32 pivot-gun. Her regis. tered tonnage is 850 tons. The Royal Artlllery at Ipswich, under the co nand of Captain W. A. Middleton,' consisting of one captain, one second captain, three lieutenants, one assistant-surgeon, eight cergeants, five corporals, seven 'bombardiers, one farrier, seven shoeing-sniths, three collar-makers, four wheelers, 186 gunners and drivers, two trumpeters, and 239 horses, have been put under orders for active setvico as a gun ammunition reserve. The Cormorant gun-vessel has heen commissioned by Commander Bowden, and is ordered to be fitted for sea at C'natham. The Wanderer, screw despatch vesiel,'Commander J. P. Luce, now fitting at Chatham, is ordered to proeed to Sheerness, whence she will sail next week.. * The Mars, 80, screw steamer, is ordered to be fitted for sea with all possible despatch, and she will be ready to sail in the course of a few weeks. In consequence of a representation made to Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert by Colonel the Hon. C. B. IPhipps that the contemplataed addition of a swimming bath to the other advantages of the Royal Naval School at New-cross, in which so large a number of the sons of naval offieers and others are educated for the united services, would be productive of great benefit to the pupils, several of whom have fallen in the service of their country during the present war, Colonel Phipps has forwarded to Mr. Eames, the secretary, a donation of 20W. from the Queen, and 1W0. from the Prince Consort. As a proof of the interest ielt by the Queen in all that concerns the vwelfare of the navy and army, we may add that Her Majesty and the Prince of Wales have, in virtue of former munificelt contributions, each a gratuitous nominee in this school, the foundation-stone of which was laid by Priine Albert in 1843. Some spacious buildings are being added to the war department of the Arsenal, Woolwich, the waUs of which are being raised with alacrity. An establishment for filing and making composition for cartridges is in the course of erection, -under a contract with Messrs. Cubitt and Co. Four hundred labourers and mechanics have been incessantly employed since the building was commenced three weeks ago, and have pushed the works forward with the utmost activity to complete the undertaking in five weeks. A contract has just been signed by Mr. George Smith, of Pimlico with Her Majesty's Government for erecting an extensivo rocket factory, with engine and boiler houses, &c., in the marshes adjacent to the Arsenal, after a joint design drawn up by Mr. David Murray, the newly-appointed Government builder, and Lieutenant-Colonel Beatson, R. E. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Captain the Hon. J. W. S. Spencer, to the Firebrand, vice Captain Inglefield, appointed to the Sidon; Lieutenant B. P. Greshain additional); to the Waterloo; HL P. Campbell, Midshipman to the Buldog; James Peake, Master's Assistant to the Coquette; Edward H. Cotterill, Acting' Clerk to the Colosss - J. C. Higginson, Assistant Clerk to the CGesar. The foliowing officers have been appointed to the command of gunboats:-Lieutenant C. J. Rowley, to the Magnet; Lieutenant W. Arthur, to the Manly; Iieutenant W. F. Johnson, to the MLastiff; Lieutenant F. Harvey, to the Mistletoe ; Licutenant W. F. Bridges, to the Brazen ; Lieutenant E. Hardinge, to the Brave ; Lieutenant W. E. Wilson, to the Hardy; Lieutenant N. Salmon, to the Ant; and Lieutenant W. Hloworth, to the Angler.
A BINT TO THE COURT OF INQUIRY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the explanatory letter which the Earl of Cardigar addressed to Lord Panmure on the subject of the animadversions which he conceived had been cast upon him by the lrNeill-Tulloch report, his Lordship attempted to prove, from documents to which he referred, that the cavahly horses of the Light Brigade had, during the month of November, 1854, received much more food than the commissioners' report and the evidence of the colonels of the light cavalry regiments had represented them to have received. Hie stated that the cosmmissariat reports, senttohimdailybyColonelMlayow, showedthat on the 17th of Iovemberthe horses had hay and corn " but not their full allowance ;` and that up to the 22d they had barley, "but not quite their full rations." His Lordship also remarked that he believed Colonel Doherty's statement, that 10 horses had dropped down dead while being led down from the encampment on the heights to Balaklava, to be an exaggeration. We see, from a letter addressed by Lord Cardigan to the Assistant-Adjutant-General of the Cavalry Division, dated the 29th of November, 1854, that on that day his Lordship resigned his command, and by his own showing the horses of his brigade had, up to the 22d of November, been tolerably well fed. Lord Cardigan, on his return from the Crimea, made a good many speeches in public. I wish to compare his account of the condition of the Light Cavalry Brigade, which he had then just left, as delivered to the burgesses of Nsorthampton early in 1855, with that with which he has recently favoured Lord Paumure in February, 1856. In addressing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Town Council of Northampton, the papers of the day reported Lord Cardigan to have said that "H ad it not been from circumstances, arising partly from ill health, over which he had no control, he should not have deemed it'his duty t6 leave the seat of war at that time, altlhough erhaps his remaining there would have been almost useless, for he hiad nothin Zleft to co;nuind. IR addition to other special reasons for losses incurred, hundreds of cavalry horses died through the Commissariat failing to provideprovisions or forage for them. Before he left the army, which was early in December, the horses of the brigade which he had the honourto command had been 18 days without hay, and hut a very smaU portion of barley had been given them to keep them alive. The consequence was that the horses died daily in great numbers in the lines." How can Lord Cardigan reconcile these statements, made when the real facts of the case were fresh in his memory, with the defence of his conduct which he has now laid before Lord Panmure, in which he labours to prove, at the expense of the characters of the officers under his command, that at the time he resigned it the condition of the horses of his brigade was not nearly so bad as those officers had represented it in their evidence before the Commission to be ? MEMOR.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As my name is omitted in the list (publishedin your impression of Tuesday last) of " officers who have received certificates from the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, during the last 20 years," &e., allow me to state thatI am in possession of certificates from both the departments of that establishment. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. JOHN MONTRESOR, Major 2d Jaiger Corps. Camp, Shomacliffe, March, 6.
THE QUEEN'S ENGLISl.-Sir W. Codrington's specimens of "English undefilecd" have already been made the subject of critical comment. They are, however, eclipsed by Sir W. Gomm's valedictory address t'o the army in India, which appears in the latest files of the Indian newpapers. The commander-in-chief writes that he " cannot relinqMush the intimate connexion which he has been permitted to enjoy with the armies of India through so extended a term without recording the pride which he has experienced in feeling himself at the head of such a military array, not more distinguished by the laurelled insiania of achievement stil fresh in memory borne so thickgy upon its banners than by its exemplary observance of discipline and its actual state of efficiency for any service that might be required of it; of all of which the commander-in-chief's annual progress made through the strength of its masses has enabled him to obtain personal assurance, and periodically to cement a personal intimacy with each indivxdtual corps in succession; thence the natural regret that he cannot debar himself from giving expression toat the moment of separation." For complexity of constrauction and fine writing the American editors can hardly match this, while the following sentence reminds the reader of those sentences of prose German in which no full stop occurs for the space of a page .-" The European soldier has had his daily ration essentially ameliorated under able commiseariat management; not only has a constant daily. supply of wholesome malt liquor at moderate prices become some time since obtainable byhim through the direct instrumentality of Government, but the proposal for his being allowed free access, under regulation, to the beverage in larger measure than heretofore, corresponding with theprac tice at home, has recently been favourably entertained,-a concession which the commander-in-chief firmly anticipates will be found in its result-provided sufficient extension of time be given to the trial-tobe notless conducive tothe pre. servationof disciplinethan of health among the European force." Of this curious composition the Atofuissilite says,"Itisfullofgoodfeelingand bad grammar, andcontains some touches of truth put with a fine natural clumsiness which makes them almost pathetic-we mean such things as Sir William's regret atgiving up the commiandand the assistance: whichhe has alwaysobtained from theStaff. We can fancy, indeed, that it would be as difficult to measure the strength of the one as it is to estimate the importance of the other.", For the rest his Excellency tells the army that he has not done veiy mnch harm, after al, whilein command-always, perhaps, excepting his onslaught on the English language. Tan 3Uns.-SouTamnLoN, March 7.-The Peninsular and Orinental Company's steamship Tagus, Cap. tain Weeks, sailed this afternoon with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 20 passengers and on freight specie for Lisbon, value 25,o751., Cadis, 4,7S51., and the usual cargo. The Royal mail - steamer Avon, Captain Eevett, willleave on Monday next with the usual monthly mails for idsbon, ladeira, Teneriffe, St. Vincent, Pernamhuco, BPbia, Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo, and Buenos Ayres. The TJnited States' mail1 stearaship Washington, Captain Cavendy, is hour-ly expected to arrive off Cowres, en route for Bremen, vith the German, French, and iEnglish mais nd aes fhm eW Co 9 krth e 23d l 1
K1RS.-The fall of K(ars at length figures in an expliinatory blue-book of 35G pages, and, to speak the simi -pie truth, we never read a more damaging document. The damage is distributed pretty equally over the reputation of nearly everybody concerned, always excepting General Williams, and in remoter degrees Omar Pasha and the Turkish Government. How ERars fell is no longer a mystery. Given the corruption, the stupidity, the diplomatic snobbishness, the professional jealousy, the clashing counEeasy the illbudred ptheirony, and the inexplicable obsti- in bringing about the catastrophe, the mystery would have been if Kars had not fallen, The parts in this grand piece of tragedy were ingeniously conceived and admirably supported. Everylzody did his best, It was a web of destiny from beginunin to end. The fate of Macbeth was not more surely sealed after his interview with the witches than the fate of Eas was sealed after it was committed to the einister auspices of lord Redcliffe. Ears fell, the only wonder being that it did not faU sooner; and it fell a sacrifice to the most shameful tissue of incompetence, littleness,- and intrigue that ever sported with the policy of nations. We never advocated the measures out of which this disaster sprang, but we trust we are not the less competent to estimate the vices by which it was consummated or to denounce the j men by whom they were displayed.- kwaa not Mouravieff who conquered ERars; if one man moie thma another is entitUedto theglory of that achieveienb,it-is Iird itd6liffe, ; and we cordially leave the triumphiin -his bxins: Ei's uno *,doubt prou4 of hi6 vareisa.&.f rx>inss,4 t')7-
SATES BY AUCTION.. Pickbuist green, between Beckenham and Hayes, Rent.-Aive Stock, Hay. Trade Curt. Hlrness, &c. R/ESSES. BLAE will SELL by AUCTI(YN, on lEthe Premises, Long Croft House, on WeTnesday, 3farch 12, at 12 by order of the Proprietor. EIGHT 1lERIKSIIRIE BREEDING S6WS. 20 fine Iertfordsbrc hoogs, from 19 to 20 stone each, 43 balf. blacl- Essex bogs, from 12 to 14 stone each, two balf bred Alderney cows, three haradsome in-calf heifem,weaned catf, stroug useful cob, qiet,in harness, a3stacl nf veryRimiiemeadowbhy the growthofl10, part of a stacs of old bay, strong trade cart on springs, harness, &c. Mf aSybe viewed two days before the sale, and catalogues bad of tre ba}liff, Pt the premises; at the inns In the neighbourhood at. Gazzawsp'a thle Aeteoke lnn, Hew.inston-causevy; and of Nessrs. lBlake, Croydon. Cambridge, ClareCollege.-The late aster's Coection of Paintings Engravings, anda Cellar of cuious Old Wines 1AY u-N and SON wiU SELL by ATICTIQN, at the Master's Ledge, Clara College, Iyodro theExctrotb late Dr. Webb. on Tuesday next, Marchl, at. I punctually, a dOIr ECTION of PAINTINGS, comprising specmens by Teniers, CuOyp Peters, Bone, Carlo Maratti, Dobeon, Rudiger. Herrin, F.1c, =a ome lne scarce engravings, nuny of them proofs, by Sir R. Stranse, WiDlie, Foster, Muscard, Bolasert, Le iCeux, Cousins. Woolett, Finden. Bartolozzi. &c,, after Claude. Oorregcio Guido. Gainsborough. Gholtzius, Hobbima, Juvernet, Landsaer, =Lareaee. Pouts-io, Paphbae Rembrandt, Salvater Rosa, Smith, Tnmer, Teniera, Vandske *Vo aaquez, West, Wilson,Witide, Wouverinand othms and abo;A 160 dozen of choice old winsa, comprising Ports, bottledl 18 1814. Bellacags). 1823, 1847, White Port 1B21. Teeriffe, Nlaijuy Msiaeir* cat Cape, 1U6s Irontigoao CSpe, 1816. soe Whtta Hergt, e Tokay, Burgundy, 3;at India Madeira, and yariolil curious old eiues. Cataloguaes will be forardedf on appliction to 111a austlonese HIob Sor s-steet. Cambridge
