DEATHS. At 3Malts. Charles Leonard, aged 23. youngest son of Mrr Charles Brown,, Of WestcroftI-place, Hammersmith, much resected byj all who knew him, On the 5th inst., at Pockeredge House, Cartham, W 4lts, John Dretidge, aged 68. On the 6th inst., at Brighten, Catherine, widow of the late Ralph Earulnersle, flq., of Shelten, Staffordshire, aged75 . On the 9th inst., atSwaffhazn, in the county of Norfolk Chales Worraby, Fseq., surgeon, in the 60th year of his age. On the 14th inst., at 7, VIctoria-crescent, St. Heler', fersey, Mary Anne, wife of Andrew Suns, Esq., Cemmnanderltoyal Navy, aged 58. On the 14th ilust, at 4, Bond-stret. Pentoneue, Wuliam Cook, Fq., Ifarager in London of the Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society, formerly Civil Comnnioner to the iMger Expedition, and Comr muasder of the brig Cambria at the rescue of the crew and passengers of the Kent, Emat Indlauan aged 6 e. On the 15th inst., at his house, No. 11, Drnmmond's-road, Mr. James Paidlie, aged 52, ma-yearsrsdent at floctchead, Berroondoer. On the 16th inst., suddenly, GeorgeWaugh, of Great James-ztreet I d Ladbroke-sare, seq-, aged 55, deeply deplored. On the 17th Inst., at Hemus-terrace, Chelsea, universally esected andsincereIyregretted. Anne Hutchinson, relict of Anthony - Johnso GiLindl Li, barrister, of the island of :It. Christopher'; and daughter of the late Dr. Wa1wyn, of the same isand. On the 17th inst.. at , George-street, Edinburgh. the Iter. T~nomnss Fer-gmn Creery, RIL, incumbent of the Episcopal Chmch of St. Johni, Forrer, .'lorayshlre, aged 34. On Thrsday, the17th inst., at his residence No 3. Stanhope-place, Thomas Syke, LEsq., Captain Royal Navy, inthe LId yea of his age. On the 17th inst, atbC eltenbans, Saras Ann, relict of the late Thoe. Mlitchell, SEe,, aged 8S. On the 15th inst., at Newton erorrell, near Darlington, Mr.. Thomas Soawexby. On the 15th jnst., at 21, Pteney-street, Bath. Chaulotte, the belovel and deeplyre-gretted wife of Henry S. Shadweli, Seq. On Friday the 1lth Lust. in the 76th Yearof his ae,theleu. Charles Day, formerly Fellow of New College, Oxford, and 13 Years rector of Et. gwmthin, Norwich. On the 15th inst. atBelfast, aftert few days' ?iness, Wlliam Rorlat, Lee,, Commander S.N., aged 47. On the 1h inst., at her residence. Bayewater Maurtha, reict of the late Benjamin Beaumont, Leg., of Thrcelands, torkshire. On-the 1th inst. at Rugby, aged 11 years, Herbert iliiar second hen of tle Rev. AxthurMe.oncey, rectorofEBourton, Warwickshire. LOn Saturday, the 19th inst., at Frenchay, altersa short lillness. Charlez Cray wford, Fsq., second surviving son of the late JobnS. Haxfoni, See,, oDf Blaise Caste, Glocestcrshire. On the 19th inst, at Bonn on the Rhine, William, eldest Eon of the Right Hen. Edvvard Strutt, M.P., aged!17. On te 1th nstat awlsh,in he 1styea ofherae AdIelade Dayrell, yongeot &toaghter of Edmunh=dL Franzcis Ba Leo, ofa fiinsteneflayrell, in the county of Buckcs. On thelflthhicst.at the house of her son-in-law, 22, Brewer-street, Colden-square. Ann, relict of the late Joseph Fuller, of KXingston, On the 10th inst., at his ihouse, 11, Lower Sloane-street, Samfuel Thompeon, formerly of 2-- B-ewer-street, Golden-square, aged 81S On the 25th inst. at 7. Polygon, Somers-town,mrs.Jane Allasn widow of thxe late Walter Allanson, 3eq., of Castlemstreet Holbalon, On Suntday the 20th inst., at 25, Thornasl-terrace, Barusbury-park, Miss }liraleeth Wheilden, aged 74. Ott Sounday, the '20th inst., at Ashford Kent, Louisa, daughter of the late 10ev. Charles Stoddart, rector of Newchurch, Kent, in the 74th yearaf her age. -On the morning of the 20th inst., at 14, Boltons, West Brompton, arla. FHLRore, the faithful servanit of Mr. and Mrm Ellis Gilman. Ontheflth imnt., at , Queelok-road, Bayswater, Cecilia, relict ofthe Re4v. CDiaries Sortie Rathbone, late vicar of Buckland. Berks. On the 0th ins,atPenome t deeply 5mecnted, the Rev. Henry Barr Dovli. thrd on f te lae Carls C.DomilFsBe., IL?., ef Santry Hiouse, and Temspleoge. county Dublinm On he 0thIns., t Soket7etngon,in he ldyear of her ago, En reli4°zthcut of the lat4e Charles5Bearey, Lee, of.9 Whitehall-place, On the Dlst inst of apOelexy, John Rande, LEq., of Mlaiden-lane and Hadley-conunonn. age 51. On the 21st inst., at 12_ Manchester-street, Axpale-square. of contunption, Mary, Youngest daughter of the late John Millgato, of Canterbury, aged 27. On the 21st inst.. at Islngton, aged 68, Frces Bower, relict of the late Anthony Mlackenret, Esq., of Cadit-- On the 21st istt., greatlyvsepccted, Thomas Fry, Lgq., of Bow, and Cannon-strect, city, aged 75. On the 21st inist., decply regretted, Arthur Henry Harrison, second tene Mf3r. Se Harrison, of U, Cmdntse west, aged 21, On the 21st last., at Themes House, near Wakefield, in the 75th year of his age, Lenjn. Gakeli. Eq., forniany years one of the representatives in Pairliament of the borough of %LMdald. On the 2lst insth, of scarlatina maligta, at Newmnetn House, near Sittigborne,KeXnt,NinaEirs,daughiter ofGeorgetenty-sqLe.,M.., aed gj yearsr ,On theo 21st inst., at the HiLl near Salmisbuy in he 65th year erietta, widow of the late Eichard Stonhewerfl at,L On the 21st inst, atIr along and painful ilness, bore withChristiack fortitude and pious resignation to the will of Godt, deeply lamented and mnuchx relspected, W. T. Tuxaford, ]Dq., of Mecton Mowbray, Leleestershlire aged Ot On the 21st last., at No. 9. rpper Hornscy-rise, F~rank Wtiddrington, Mhe infant son of EdImund Byrne, LEsq. At his residence, 15, Gate-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Mir. Patrick Clark, engineer, aged 41.
2HE RESCUE OF THE DISCOVERY BARr RESOLUTE FROM THE ICE. This vessel, which was one of three ships sent out in 181 in search of Sir John Franklin ifd party, -and whiclia Wa abandoned in 1853, by Sir Edward Belcher, 'in Weflingto Channel, in about lat. 76, lon& 94, has been recovered, after drifting 1,000 miles, and taken into NevIoadon, Unite States, by Captain Buddington, of the whaling bark Geoge .Henry, belongng to that port. It was on the 19th of Sep. tember, in lat. 67 N., and while in a field of ice, that the captain discovered a ship in the distance, bearing north.east, about 20 miles from Cape Mercy. The head of the stranger appeared tobe due east, and during the whole of that day and the one following the course of the ship did not -vary more than a, oint Ot so from the east.. Both vessls gradlally approached each other, during five days, in an exta ordiniry manner, caused, as Captain Buddington suppoes, from the vessl having been struck by 3 counter -current fromDaviWs Straits. On thesixth dayaparty was sentfron, the Georgo Henry to report upon the abandonedvessel,and, on theirret-urn the captain, hearing that it was HerEritumnic ajeeys ship Resolute, andunoowingthehistory of theireto expeditions, determined toendeavourto resce her. Captaim Baddington, with this intention, left his own vessel an& boarded the Resolute. He commenced immediately to' search the vessel, in order to ascertain if she was 6eaviorthy On descending the hold it was found to be entirely full of water up to the fdoor of the first deck The well ws them sounded, and 7 feet of water were discovered to be in theship. The pumips were then visited, and, being of a new cons-uctlon, none but the captain was acquainted with thaw mode of working them. One of them, which was a forcopnin of very great power, Wm igged, and the following morning was got in working order. Agang of men -were then set to work, and for tbree days tho pump was kept;. going. Fourteen hours out of the 24 were consumed in thusfreeing the vesseL On the third day all the water was dclered from.her hold, and the attention of the captain va. turned towards extricating the prize from the dangerous position she was then placed in. The appearance of things. on board, as represented by Captain Budd-iugon, when heahad leisure to examine the vessel, vas doleful in theextreme. Everything of a moveable nature seemed to be out. of its place, and was in a damaged condition from the im-3nersion in the water. The cabin was strewed with belks, clothing, preserved meats, interspersed here and there. with lumps of ice. There' was one thing, 1owever, whiclh struck himl as being very remarkable, and forwhich probably no satisfactory explanation can be- iven; and this was the presence of ice forseveralfeet 9m thickness on the larboard side, while there was not a particle on the starboard. The only argument that can be presentedto explainthiscurious freak ef the elementsis, that theResolute, lying with her head to the eastward for probably more that a month, received the direct rays of the sum om. the strboard quarter, and nowhere else, and thus a dalywarmth Was imparted to this sideof tl.he ship, while the other side, being w;ithout this heat, became as solidifiecd with ice as though the sun never shone on it. This sapposition may be very plausible and satisfactory to many, for, to the certamn knowrledgoe of Captain Buddington, thehead of the Reso1ute never varied from the east for 20 d3ays, notwithstanding she was constantly driftingin a southwvest;. direction (the course of the pack). Tere was scarcely anything on beard the abanidoned vessel that w oa n6t more orless destroyed. There was a great lack of fuelon board. althlough in the course of the search throughout the vessel a little coal was discovered in the hold, but the quantity was very smal, and entirely inadequate to supplythe vessel more than a week. Of provisions there was enon"h perhaps, to last a crew of 75 men (the number originalycarried by the Resolute) fornine months. Thesaltmeats were the only articles that were at all in a state of preservation. Everything had gone to decay. Even the ship's sails. found between decks, were so rotten that the sailors could' thrust their fingers through them like so much brown. paprr. An attempt v.as enbsequently made to rig atopmast studdingsail out of some of the canvas founa satarated with v;ater; but it blewv out of the gearing", and vas: scattered to the wrinds like chatf The lower hold was found. to contain the library of one of the offirers of the expedition, valuedat over S1,000. The books were entirelyfvalueless when discovered by Captain Buddington, and sebsequently thrown overboard as worthless rabbish. Aftergreat difficulties the captain succeeded in getting clear frora the ice on the 1lth of October, and commenced his homeward voyage. Upon this fresh difficulties arose. Theballait-tanks having burst inthe hold rendered the Resolutevery light and apt to roll heavily in the trough of the sea, and galeafter gale was eperienced. The open sea wasgained, and on the 20th of Octoberthe homeward voyage com-- menced. After a succession of strong gales and headvinds. the New London Lighthouse was made on the 24th of December. During the voyage, when a little to the nortb. of the Banks of Newfoundland, the Resolute came in contact with anicebergabout .50ft. in height, on the top oF which there was a detached piece of ice of many tons' weight, and which the captain expected every momentwonld-. tumble down upon the vessel and sink the prize so gallantly obtained. So great was the danger that the boats wereall in readiness to push off, should the overhanging: glader be precipitated upn them. However, after a great deal of careful working and hard labour, the dangerons obstacle was cleared. Vhen the Resolute was firstboaredetheice around her was from 25 to30feetthick. Everything was stowed awayin proper order for a desertion, spars hauled up to one side and oound, boats piled together - (covering snow sleds), hatches closed, &c. In the cabin everything was silent and dark, but they broke in the hatcaway door, and felt their way in the darkness to the table; omit they found matches and candles, and the decanters of the - officers vith excellent liquor in them, glasses standingaround, just as they had been left so ny months before. A dry mould had gathered over everything. The ironxwater-tanks in the hold had burst from extreme cold, and the water they had held hai flowed over the bottom. of thehold. Between decks everything was covered with moisture. A sort of perpiration hadl risen from the water underneath and settled above. any aricles of apparel were founI "wringing cet." The partymade a fire in the cabin, and themouldsoonbegantodnp down upon them. Uponthereport-- ers from the different journalsboarding herupon her arrival all articles of a perishable nature were found to be utt>erly ruined; glue had dropped out of locker joints, and everything was covered witb rust and mould. The bools in thelibrary wvere for the greater part in a good state of preservation, although they were much damaged from the tallow and grease spilt about the cabin in the voyage home. Thewine-lock-er, facing the library, on the opposite side of the. apartment, was filled with a goodly array of bottles, filled with port, sherry, brandy, and chnmpawne. Theceilings v;ere entirely covered with firearms, whaYln," gear, lancer. surveying instruments, telescopes, roeket-guns, and signalsl. Indeed, every portion of the entire cabin seemed to havebeen stowed away wvith valuables. There were twVO closetsat each side of the library, running back as far as the dead lights, which were completely jammedwvith ,ctothin&, boots.. stockings, and other articles of w.earing appareL. liels of' cordage and gutta percha piping-the latter article was evidently meant to cover a telegraph wire-were also huddled together among the mass of rubbish that had been stowed in these closets. In the petty of ficers' room the British. navy niform was scattered about in all directions. Some of the coats and antaoonste were in good condition, and apparently had shered but little from the damp. In theberths were hooks, suits of clothing, firearms, powhder in canisters, flasks, pictures, tobacco-pipes, and matches. Resides the above artices, there was a variety of eatzblesa and preserves, with wehich the shalemen had pade saI t havoc. rany littledainties, such as chocolate, preorved - fraits and jamks, were found snug stowed away inmthe nooks and corners of the berths. In the centre of theapaltmentsthermess table once stood, bat in the voyagehome it feyl to pieces and had to be throwin overboart bythe crew. Here thereerere severl theatrical cosumes. wnhch would have been suitable for some of thobest " stars oftheday. the habilEments of Othello, Eicha.d, and KiingLeare ere carelesslyrlyin among a pile of cothng whichwere, no doubt, intended for clowns and tumblers. for the spangles and variety of colours on the latter' would lead one to infer that even Circu erformance had becn attempted on hoard the Resolute. fsadbertcs necessary to a good representation of e or tragedy lay scattered around the doer in a blue moldy condition. To a close observer there was in the mniddies' room. everything that the lovers of sport or amtuement could desire. In the steward's pantry all wasnearly perfect, ubt in the seamen's room the cookery utensils wrere missing, having aPparently been carried away by the expioriug party as the mlost useful to themL. All the ether portions of theship wer-e stored with valuable descriptIons. of property suited to the purposes on which the Resoluteu-as emnployed.- As a curious and interesting coincidence, It is -stated that, in the year 1S5", Mfessrs. Perkinand Smith, shipowners, of New London, sent cut a bark. called the If CIellan to Davis's Straits for thepurpose of getting olI and bone. WVhile fishing heme thec aptain of the M'Clellan fell in with Sir Edward Belcher's squadron wintering in the ice. WVhile in thicmDnrlealD ws crnshed in the ice, and it was thu uht prudent by the captain to abandon the ship, and sell her and the contents - to the commnander of the British squadron. This wasaccordingly done, and the whaling bark was stripped of~ evei-yting that was valuable on beard, and-the articles distnibuted on beard the various vessels cornoosing the feet.. IThe George Henry, Captain Buddinlgton, icas fitted out by. 3Messrs. Ferids-and Smith to fill the place of the lost barkc ZM?Celan, and in 185 she proceeded to the veal sea w.here~ the latter lwas abandoned to Sir Edward Beiciier's party, and here, in the conrse of tlhe voyage, one of thevery squad-ron which assisted the M'Clellan's coromander in his diffh- culty was picked up, an abandoned ship, by the vessel fitted eut inOthe place af the one taken possession of by the-Britieh three years previoly. This is tnot all. On board the Resolute are now pieces Of sail of American manufacture, which had donbtless hung frm the topgallant yardof tl'ill-fated a 1eUan. It is very stranze that, after sucii lapse of time, a remnant of ,Messrs. Per}is and liniitslost vessel shoald be brought to their very doors from the depths of the Arctic regions in this manner. -
IH THE EDITOB OF THE -1! . Sir,-The brIg George Lord, Aalot master, fionYPat..- for London, laden 'ith cunrants, Vwas wreeked on the mcink of the 18th, at 6 o'clock, about four miles S.E. of t_!.; Needles, wind blowing a gale from S.S.W., and very thic'k vith rain. As soon as the vessel stmck pxrt of the cr"with a gentleman passenger, camne on shore in the *3- broat, leaving on board tbe captainandivife,a -. - anld part of the crew, the sea makisng a e1aeiu>o5 her. fLeutenant Grmd, 2R.N4withli 3i boat's ~ i the Coistguard station at Brook, ~proceeded o eilii ,, - - tance of two miles with the lifeboat in a 'tgZonlaunched her over the cEiff abreast of the ship,and suuceoede.1 in saving the lives of those or board, though a ret Iieas and dangerons sea vWas running at the ime I am, Sir, your obedient servant T hji,e Bx.ILZ'HT, IfCTrs5 Amut. . -boek, I0 Of AVigtj Jan. 2.
, SU ZONDON GAZETTE of Th3dzay, Jan. 22. )nwN-NTV-STRhE1T JTAN 11- The Queen haa been pleased to constitute the colony of 'Weitem Austaliato be a Bishops See and Diocess, to be ea&* th* Bishopric of Perth, and to appoint the Vener. able Matthew B. Hade, Archdeacon of Adelaide, to be Ordained asnd consecrated Bishop of the said See. The Queen Las been pleased to appoint Charles A. Bersceley, Esq., to be Treasurer, and Albert Allom, Esq., to be Secretary, Eegitmrr,-and Clesik of the Council and 'Clerk of the Enrolbnents, for the Islanid of Tobago; Henry 3hape, E sg., tobe Provost-farshlal, ana Bouverie Alleyne, Esq,, to be secretary Registrar, ai d Clerk of the Council *ufortlse Island of Grenada;* Henry Francis Fysin and Benjami Bhlame, Esqs., to be Ile-siiicnt Mlagstrates for the district of Natal; and Hollier G;iffiths, Esq., to be district lsfasrte for the IsLand of hliouritiua. FOREIGN-OFETCE, Jty. 19. The Queen has been pleased to approve Mr. Johin Lukis Xansell as Consul in *nernsey for His Majesty the I:ng or Dernaark. JAN. 2L The Queen bas been pleased to approve Mr. Louis Levisont as Consul atBirmingLam. for the Republic of Chili. WEaTEHALL, JAX. 19. The Queen has been pleased to present the Rev. Edward Revel EarEley iVlmot, LA.. to the District Rectoryof AUl :Souls, in the parish. of Saint Mharyiebone, in the county of Mliddlesex and diocess of London, void by the -esignation -of the Rev. William Thomson, M.A. ee Queen has been pleased- to appoint-Robrt Pash. ley, Esg., one of Her Mjesty's Counsel, to 'be Assistant-Judgeof the Coutof the Sessions of the Peace in and £or the coiunty of Mliddlese, in the room of Mr. Serjeant Adams, deceased. JN.n 22. The Queen has been pleased to give and grantunto Ilobort John Bussell, of Great Finborough-hall, in the .couinty of Suffolk, Esq., her Royal Ecence and authority 'thatlbe and his isue may, in compliance ivith a proviso contained in the last will and testament of Roger Pettiward, of ,Great Finborough-hall aforesaid, Esq., deceased, henceforth -4ake and use the surname of Pettiward only instead of that -of Bussell, and also hear the Arms of Pittiward only; such _arms -being Srst duly-exemplified according to the laws of .cmns, and recorded in the Herald's-office, otherwise the -said Royal licence and permission to be void and of none -effect: And also to command that the said Royal concession and .declaration be recorded in Her Majesty's College of Arms. TBEIE ARCTIC EXPEDITION3. Thelords Commissioners of the Adniiralty having, by a -prcclamation of the 7th of March, 1850, offered- 1. A reward of 20,0001. to any party or parties who, in the judgnent of the Board of Admiralty, should discover -and effectually relieve the crews of Her Majests ships Erebus and Terror; and 2. The sum of 10,0001. to any party or parties who, in -the judgent of the Bo.ard of Adnir-alty, should discover anid effectuaLly relieve any of the crews of Her MLajesty's .shiyps 3Erebus and Terror, or should convey such intelligence 2as should lead to the relEof of such crewvs, or any of them; And, 3. The sum of 10,0001. to any party or parties who 'in the judgment of the Board of Admiralty should hy virtue of his or their efforts first succeed in ascertaining 'their fate; Hereby give notice that Dr. Rae having claimed to be enfftled to the rewvard of 10,000?. under the ternis of the third pagraph of such proclamation, they will proceed within. ,three months from the date hereof to adjudicate on such -claim, and thatall persons who, by virtue of such proclamafion; deemi themselveseentitled to the whole or any part of .the eoward in qnestion must prefer their clainis within suchtime, after the expiration of which no claim will he .entertained. CRO WN-OFF1CE, . 2L MEMBER returned to serve in the present PARLIA- MENT. City of Lincoln. Gervaise Tottenham Waldo Sibthorp, Esq., in the place 'of Charles De Lact Waldo Sihthorp, Esq., deceased. THE "3IERSEY CONSERVANCY." The commissioners for the improvement of Birkenhead -and Claughton-cum-Grange, in pursuance of the powersin them vested, have given notice dated January 15 inst., to -the actingt conserv-ator of the Mersey, to the clerk of the peace for th county of Laneastor, to th clerk of the peace tor the county of Chester, and to the clerk of the e for *the borough of Liverpool, that they intend wsit -i tw o -calendar months from the above date to erect'certain -quays, wharfs, &c., in the said notice set out, in or adjoin.-ingthe river Mersey at Monltsferry. COM1ISSIONS Signed by the Qlma. Fortar and Kinrardino Reginout of MrlUtia Artillery.-Henry * mackay. EaL . iate ltreret-Majory2th Hih,ldande,s. to be Adi t.:- John arcoesie, g-ent., to be Qroartc.-usaser; dlniam H andyside Buchanan, ZEq.. to be Paymaster. By the lXonrs-LgrrIucAir oF the County of Su-r-oLr, Andw Areedecne, Eaq.. to be Dop.-L^ieut.;Jehn:George Sheppard, Eoq. to bc Dep.-Lient. TBe following place bas been daly registered for the solennization .of 7vrra4esthcrem:- E!m srthyr Tyil, PFATNEIS}IPS DISSOLVED. T Crawrshaw and Co., Old Accrington, blacksmiths: aAfar as reguanls T. Hol6ate.-W. and G. Sayer. Stratford. saddlerss-The G0o1n3 Mill Cor pny, Staffordshire rotteries.-Ifford and Gorton. Tonu-with-Haulgs. Liancashire. soda water manufactureas.-Sproule, Phinllps, and Co., Liverpool, shipbrmadbakers.-Jones, Sproule, and Co.. iverpool. provision merchants-Alien and Co., Pitfcid-street, Soxton, stationer.-C.M umford andW. Casebow. Dowaliam Market, N;orfoIk auctioneers.-W. and S. Oliver. Oxford. mercera-J. H. it aiotuat and S. S. Luca, Greenwich, printers.-OkelL. endal. and -Co lanchester.stuff merchants.-B. Tucker and J. Dominy, Come Abofs,tDorsetBhiro . fedlmongcs.-Whester and l atyey, Xewn,arket 'S. Mazy. Sruffosl grncer.-St. Vernon aNed . t Davoniort. Andley surieons-Bmownanrt.Yalkcr. Birstal. paintera-P. Turner and At TiUeotb,Varvckand elsewshere. photographic artists-:crtia and ichardcon, Laeeds, Uphomterers-B. Wertheim and W. SwacintOsh PaterWsater-roWl, hookselUera-C r Bisfel nd W. Clarf , Biainiyuha, ,gun sanurfactm ers.-Sdlver rood and Hlorton. Shefiield, snlanufaenzrers - of s Shte-onl and Smith, Shpeton to allet, plmmbers-T. a . and W. HouneicrndW. Slhelnk,lst Johns New;foundland,merchants.- tTnioru Iron Comp any. Forest ot Dlean.-lloatlidtge anld Son. Pontefract, drapers-UJlhlthormc an d Stewart. Liverpool, drapers. DECLAATIOhS OF DIVIDBiImS. W. H. Pates. Wallingford. grocer-first div. of 2s-, any Tuesday, at :Mr. Nicholsons, Basinghall-street. S. a SherM ood, Seliin-e. ent. tllor-faist dir. of Gs 8d. any Tuer-day, at Mr. Nicholson,'s inghall-steeet. J. P. Grant. Cambride,ot booksellr-first dit. of 2s, any Tuesday, at tfr. i acholson's atrsinghac-street. S. andmo G. Winstanoeyn inlstey, chymists-thnl div. of 6s. S1, any Tuesday, at Mr. Xicholson., Basinghlal-street. J. Overhary, Woottonnunder-LI'e, cloth nianufacturer-occond div. of Zs. any Tuesday, at Mr. X iehofsords Basinchall-street. S. Erampton, WVinbeurno M£inster, buteher-Jinst div, of Sa. Cd., rry Tozesday. at 31r. Nicholson's Basiaghall-street. B. WValker. Wisbeach St. Peter. stationer-first dir. of os., any Tucsday, at blr. bNicholson's, Bsinghall-street. If. llliams and Sons, West Smithfield. tallors-first div. of 2s. 4d. . a dir. of 20s. on the separte estate of H. Wifliams. sen; ra div. of 20s on the separate estate of J. Williams; and fitst dir. of i2;. on tho 9eParate estate of IL Williams, Jun., any Tuesday, at bl. Nicholasn's, .Y. BalL, Wood,street. Chrapside. and Holland-street, Elack£darsroad, wholesale gIover-second div. of 3d., any Tuesday, at 31r. Nicholson's Batnrhall-street. S. Panda Wellingborough, shoe manufactmrer-first div. of 6d., any Tuesday. at rr. Nihclsoon's, Bassnghall-street. H. Fowler.-Southampton, corn factor-first div. of .s. ICk, any Tues. day. at lr. Nicholson's, asinghall-strcet. FL Over. Bamnos-aterrace, Bethnal-green. oilman-first div. of is. d, any Wedesday, at Mlr. Whitmore'sa Basinghall-street. A. Burn. S1ackcvlle-street. and Caroline-place. Pancras-rale. taior* third dir. of 31d., any Wednesday, at Mr. Whitmore's, Basinghall- street. H. L1 Edridge, 3Monmouth-road. BayPwater. builder-first div. of :3s. Id.. any W a Mr. WhitWmore', B sing all-street. J. H. Nuttl, Liverpool. m ercant=econd dir. of lOck, any Wednes. .dar. at Mr. Turner's. LiverpooL V. K. Gibbs. Dudley, grocer-second div. of lid., any Friday, at 1r. Whitorace's, BirminlanL J. B. Morg,an. and J. Lewis. Votalyfera Graig. Glamorganshire, * drapera, div. efls. fd. any Wednesday, .at Mr. 1MiUer's. BristoL ',. lfopkins, Birmingham, greer-fset div. of lld., any Thursday, -at M£r. - -ih,i:e Birmingham. BAN=UPIIJTS. Geoe Fcsoey, Norwaywharf, MliwalL timhber-merehant, to crreider J=a Z4, at 1 o'cloc, Mfarchb12 at 11, atthe BanIn-pts' Court: zoLdtow* Mesr Linlaters and Hacwood, Sise-lane; official zignes lr PrnneU,iGuiBdhaUdhambers%n BamhLU-sreet- £dwardPowland and Thomas Evans, Coleman-street, Now-North. ros. builders Jan. 30. at 1 o'clock, March 12, at half-past 11. at the 3ankiuptaw Court: solicit6rs, Messs. lawrance, Plews, and Boyer, -OtdJewrydchwnbers;oficia 3r. Nicholson, BasinghaU-street. Alexander Clark, Gatestreet,Lincoln'!.-fields, engineer. Jan. 30, -at2 o'clock, March 12, at 12, at theBraikrupts' Court: soicitor, 3r. -Johnson. Chancery-lano; official assignee, Mr. Fennell, Gulldhalichambers. asinnlhall-street. James Fraser, Lower Thares-street. winenmerehant, Jan. 25, at I .'clocks, Feb. 26, at l2at the Banlaupt' Court: solicto, Messs. lar-don and Prichard, Christehurbh-chambers, Newgate-street; official as- sinee, Mr. Lee, AIdemmanbury. Zenisuain Ricardson Lawrenae, Carshalton. awthecary, Feb. 1L at I o'clock. March 4, at 12, a: the Banicruts' Court: solicitor, 3Ir. Reed, Iromonger-lane; offical assignee, r. Edwar .an -court, Esalaghall-street. Edward Charles Curtis, West Ham, builder, Feb. 1. at 2 o'clock, - March-7. at 1, at the Banlrupt' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Eilleary, tenchnrch-bulldings,tFenchurch-gtreet; offidal assignee, 31r. Whit-mnore. Basloghall-street, Abrahaum Stinson, Aston-juxta-Bisminghmnm builder. Feb. 4 and 2S. at half-p3st 10 o'dock, at she Birmaingham District Court of Bankruptey: solicitor. M£r. Southall, Birmingham; olicisi assignee, M1r. Bittlestn. Binrminghm Wliam HintonandSamuelMereduth. I ngs iniford, buildersm Feb. S and 23, at 11 o'dlock, at the Bimingbham District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Idessa. Coldicott and Canning, Dudley; and Messrs. MHodgmouand Alen, Birmingham: otical asignee, hlr. Bittle.ton, Mirtninglam. Thomas Bate, Wolverhampton. Iicensod Tictualler, reb. and 23, atill odclock, at the B9irmigharin DiHtrict Court of Bankruptcy: soiledtors. tr. Walker. Worlerhampton; and Messrs.- otteram and Xu ght, BirmLinham; ofrcial assignee, 3r. Christie, Binniugha3 - 30ohn Griffiths. Ludow. carpenter, Feb: 2 and s23,at 11 o'clock. at the BirmiXungl District Court ot B;nkreptcy: -solicatoes, -Mr. Parnell,Bristol, and Mr. ltcece. Birmngham; officaE<ia ee, Mr Chist Joseph AlIen and l:ranmmali Holmes, Derby. silk throwA , Feh 1i2 -sad p at half-pastllOoclodk, at the Birmingha DistrietConrtot BanYruptcr at.XottLghasn solictems. Mars Motteram and };night, Biimaas aud Mtr. HeIrs, Derby ;offcfisignee, 31r. lasis, N.ot- i Spooeer Taylor Derby, ironfounder, Feb. 2 and 26, at halfpest 10 o'clo}, at the iErsi;a;hsm District Court of Bankrpty at Kott,inghan ; sOlteorr, Mesr. Motteram and YKisiht.-smingh - And Hr. Helm. Derby; oficdal asignee, Mr. Harri4 Nottinghama. WHillam Fags Horlaton, Cheldtmazn,innkeeper, Feb. 4 andlMarchl, -Stlleoclock, at tbeBritolD;sricCCourtofBasnkrptcyr soUcitor, MDr. Towle. Cheltenbam oDfical anieee. Mr. Acrama Bistol Se=e Aner. B v Yorkhiw. grocer, Feb.6, at 12 o'clock and *- 3 hatll, at the eeds Dict Court of Bcnkriptey: solcriors, Xfem Cai and Cuclworth, Leeds; and Mr. Buret, Braford; -omcia s Mn 1 Ir. Hope, leIds. Henr, eidk, LiverpocL, fanet toy dealer. Feb. .1 and 25, U 11 -Oclock, at tZe Liverpool D irctc of Bankruptcy:solUcltor,Xr. Ig7, L-erpi; ofitluslame , Mr. ner, Llerpool eb. 15, 32. K. 3en Waro, wine rmerchllt.-Pcb. 13,3-. bv,Ber,baser, luller.-Feb. 13, F.Itddel AndX. T.REa ond. Tr tu5re,rrchant.-Feb. Sdwn- H. B= M~hfledte sand CI k-akeet, export oiIman.-Feb. ll r s nd-l .8 aith Wetb.ckestrcet, as Blakrias-rold, -uUe:-Feh. 'A A. XoaberleJ 3d Co., Urdnion-coout; Old Bread-street. .me mhts.-Feb. 12, J. OkeDl Unio-cont, Old Bmod-greet. d sezrhant.-Yeb. 14., P.. andW.Xayr.HeywoodLaQle cotton , Mpinnems 7, ' j0tS'SXEmCS tobe grantedunle eaue be hown to the conlM on the day of n eetig. b.14)D. Tomatini, Totenham-court-roed. upbola e.-Feb. 15. - -,rr,J Meadema. Walbrook. wine echant-Feb. 15. W. 3Dent, Nfew. --t-tre, Strand, lead nrchsnt.-eb. 2-Ws -Il,er.Whiteel6 aeevhn-Fb. 13 A. MCameL rigtn uiaLo latcuntsele -Fehs 142i. Li. Dyson. Mclrsfeldwgmocer-Feb.2L,W.Isul,flusev aationer.-Mfayl5. J. Cdfliths, Wednesficid iron dealer,-Feb. 14. B_. A.Shll'n.Coentry.tmiunirgesanncurr-Fe. 4.F.I) biilaeI,c }eb ll,. W. Wathen, Htreford -ph,oltrer.-Feb. 14. L. .Bu 8edgeley. grocer. - s o>Tc SEQUE"AA1oNS. J. 8teww4 Forfar. bootmaker, Feb. 1, at o'clockX at the Countl and Commnecial Hotel, Forfar. ' A. Ruthecglegn, GLkow, staioneo, Feb. 4. at I O'cock, at t4ke Globe lBoteL GIS.Yow.1 . J. Waddell. Yirkintmoch,l f esher, Feb. at 1 c@ock, at the BaEi 3nH Imate Ybild1ocIL G. x Go'die. G'lUr co On 'meUUt, JanL 29, at 12 , olock, at Brow and Macindoe's1tooms, lasgow.. -' A. and J. M'Wnn. Glsgow, sar refiners, Feb. 1, a 12 ocloek, atthe Globe Hotel,Glaszow.
:THE GREAT WESTEBRZ RAILWAY COMPANY.] TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDES. Sir,-" We regret exceedingly,that,. since the principle 6f association and corporate action is becoming more and more general in every great undertalidig, it should be con tinually brought into diepute by instances in which the relt of te system 'seems to be the wilful neglict and irresonsile rulo of the managing -parties-the wste and confusion of the propertyrmanaged." Such, Sir, is your language to-day with referendt to the property intrusted to the management of the Dean and Chapter of Windsor. The following facts, which have just come to my knowledge, will at o'nce show that your censure need not be confined to that body, and also justify me in brealing the silence which I had imposed upon myself in my last letter upon the subject of the Great Western Railway Compauy. in my previous letters I have advocated the propriety of that company's removing thebroad gauge on their northern extensions, and continuing the narrow from the point on their miain line at which it will terminate, viz., Reading to London-especially this latter course. I ventured to prophesy that, although common sense would dictate its adoption, it would be rejected by the Great Western authorities, although the only argument I have ever heard or seen urged against it is expense-an argument which, although I bad shown it- to be untenable, nevertheless might appear a; bugbear to some, and consequently be an apparent justification to the directors for doing nothing. Now comes the fulfilment of my prophecy. The advice I then gave, though thrown away upon those for whom it was intended, was not altogether lost. The directors of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company have introduced into Parliament a bill containing po crs for that and the Great Western Railway Company to agree for the removal of the broad gauge on the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton line, conditional either upon their laying down narrow gauge on such portions of the Great Western line as may be agreed upon (i. e., from Reading to PadiOngton), or on an annual payment by the one company to the other. The powers sought are permissive only, and if exercised must be so for the benefit of the Great Westem Railway Company, as they would either obtain a great advantage themselves, without any cost to themselves, orthey would I secure an increase of receipts without any increase of expen- diture-a consideration, one would think, not unimportant to a company paying only 3 per cent. dividend, and so doubtful of maintaining even that that they abstain from ,opening their Uxbridgo branch, long since practically completed, manifestly from the wish to delay bringing in the interest upon its cost as a charge upon revenue. The directors of the Great Western Railway Company, however, resolutely refuse to have these powers conceded to them, and threaten, unless they are withdrawn from the bill, to commence another of those Parliamentary contests with that company which have already (Oh for a Government audit !) added so much to the capital of both. It is time for the shareholders to know these things. The commercial absurdityofsuchconduct is,Ishouldhope, without parallel; but so long as the authorities at Paddington are allowved the " irresponsible rule" they now enjoy, so long will commercial principles and commercial success be sacrificed to personal prejudices and false notions of railway economy. So long as Mr. Brunel, the parent of that magnificent blunder, broad gauige, and of that stupendous fallacy (when applied to a system of railways), the mixed gauge, is omnipotent on engineering matters-so long as Mr. Saunders, the main originator of as well as principal gladiiator in those contests which have been so eiciting in Parliamentary committee-rooms, and so disastrous to those who have had to pay for them, is allowed to dictate the policy of the Great Western board-so long as the honest, but inexperienced, intentions of Mr. Walpole are warped byTthe prejudiced, though I believe conscientious, advice and opinions of Mr. Russell, the veteran chairman of the company, to whom broad gauge is a religion, so long will a bigoted adherence to a ruinous policy be mistalken for chivalry, and conumon sense will fail to exercise its proper influence over the proceedings of the board. Unless the shareholders take up this matter for them.. selves, and speedily, it will be too late. They will " drift into v.ar" with their neighbours, and the golden opportunity for getting that done at the cost of others w hich ultimately must be done at their own will slip away. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your very obedient servant. 1NVESTIGATOR. London, Jan. 20.
SEWFING COTTON. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We have read with the greatest satisfaction the letter of "Amicus" on British manufactures in your paper of the 16th inst., and, in furtherance of his views, and of your exhortation and advice to the Master Cutler of Sheffield on a kindred subject, we feel it our duty to step forward, and, while there is time to do good by prevention of eNil, to do v,hat lies in our power to expose such scandalous frauds as are animadverted upon by your able corre' spondent. We may state in the outset that we are manufacturers of sewing cotton on a large scale and have been long known to the trade as such, and rest our claim to give an opinion on the subject on which we write on an experience of half a century, borne out by the facts that we obtained the only prize awarded at the Hyde Park Exhibition for sewing cotton, as well as the only first class -prize awarded at the Paris Exlnbition for the same production. Your corrrespondent "Amicus" is perfectly correct in his remarks upon the fraudulent practices in marking the lengths of threads upon the reels or spools on which they -ire wound. We can more than bear out his statement of the frauds practised on the public in these respects. In the year 1852, prior to which term we had not wound our own thread, we were spplied to by a shipper to supply an order for reeled thread. -We stated our prices, which he considered too high. Our customer said; "You give, as on your labels, the full length, which wi donot require; you must state 100 yards and wind 70; 200 yards and give 150; 300 yards for 230." We were astonished at such a request, and rephed at once that on no account would we do such a thin, and said to the applicant, "Sir, you ask us to be zogues" and should we not have been ro"ues had we comphed with such a request? He then said, "'\Fel1, Sir, you cannot succeed in your new undertaking of winding your own thread unless you follow; the system I recommend;* it is -the custom of the trade." We refused the orderton such conditions. After this we made full inquiries into the truth of this shipper's remaiks, -and we are bound to say that we found it to be just as he had stated. We, therefore, decided to expose the system, and advertised the facts in the Huddersfield Chironicle, besides takiag other steps to make it extensively known. 4t is a common practice for shippers to keep on hand a list of prices of threads of the following lenths-200 yards, 180 170, 160,140,120 yards; a prchaee selects his lengths, but with the knowledge that, although the reel or spool contains only 180 yards or less quantities, they are all to go abroad ticketed 200 yards, and they do go out so ticketed. Equal deception is practised in shorter lengths-the 100-yards reels or spools being similarly defective, and all having the same outward appearance. The fraud consists in the bole or barrel of the reel being thicker than it ought to he, so that, while the full quantity of thread appears to be sold, the fact is that a purchaser obtains so much more woodE as he is short of bein supped with thread. We send you herewith a reel which wehad offered to us as. a sample for a large order; and you may judge for yourself how small a quantity it could hold; 25 gards would fill it, and' yet it would seem to be a 200-yards' reeL We refused to degrade ourselves by taking the order. We also enclose yofu a proper 2C0-yards' reeL, and you will-see howt the public are deceived and defrauded; the genuine article and the spuioeus one may easily pass for each other when wound upond the only way to test them is:to do as.your correspondent "Aicus" has done-unroll and measae them, and the fraud is at once palpable. lSow, Sir, these frauds have been the cause of much eviL. As regards ourselves and others who are determined to be honest, we are compeled to become merchants as well as manufacturees; but beyond, and far beyond any inznedi-ate 'nteresnt of ou ow=. as manufacturersn- the fame of the British merchant and the manufacturer is exposed to the - aoharge of deceit and frauds whin h our forefathers would-' have spurned to have attaehed to them.by We havexappedto the Court of Chancery for injunctions to restrain impositions on ourselves, and alvays with sdue- i ces; but it is through your colurns onfS that 'public op probrium can be attached- topsuch scandalous practices as -these we have pointed out, and which your able correspcon.-' - dent "Amiens ' also exposes. -It will, no doubt, so,netimies' happen that the exact lengthmy not be given, aswe aswell - as others are to some edtent in the hands of our forkpeople hut' such defects can oily be occasonal, and ahe very different from the preconcerted frauds -referred to b "AMoicus" The productions of the Britishc loom and the produce of British labour and ingenmit, riehtly directed, 'may saftyhdef the competitionb of the wuorni, It is only hon avarice and dishonesty combine to produce aninEenori article, or'to clothe deceit with 'the appearance of ujirightipeas, that our ntional name auffers by investigationi dis- Most of the decepion is practised with common -threads, and, if ladies woould ask for the host thread and see that thercois the name of a respectableBaker upon it5 they would do much towrards St0DDmZs the mischief.- J-ONAS BROOK AN BROTHERS. Meltham MUills, near Hudderfield, Jan. 18. [AdvertIaeinentjyNolan's Illustrated HIrtory of the C nt WaraganAi Rum";' emblihed vith portraits df eminent commd eS grawd, ts cii pission, troeD originDt pictlres2 &a and then Seat~ hot.. from kthes m takhentioon :re Ed w.t 2ach ny cont 0 doecl-piintealuper.roya voct andti<f> vnge. exec^uted erremi^ythfor iewrk. 2Dow pne paDea nhn,20dg 11 plahtea, Dinision 2 wrill ho read oo Vte azi lCo. u-j>ru and I-a;ies Loina
IMON Y-MA KETand ITYIN.2i.GENC. nTuesday Eres1ai. The quotation of goIc at Paris is about 4per .mille premium (according to, the last tariff) whichat the Engliah Mint price of 31:17s. i0jd. per oz. for standard gold, gvesan exchange of 25.27; znd, the exchange at B'ans on London at short- being! 25.371, it follows that gold is about 0.41 per cent. I dearer in London than in Paris. - By advicez from Hamburg t rice of gold is 425 per mark, which, at the Enalis Mint price of 3!. 17s. lOId per ox. for standard gold, gives an- exchange of 13.44; and, the exchange at lsunburg on london at short being 13.64, it follows that gold is 0.87 per cent. dearer in London than-in Hamburg. The En4lish funds continue to show greAt general steadiness' and have closed to-day at a fractional advance. Consols for money, -which left: off. Iait evening at 89&, were first quoted 89W to 4; they subsequently fluctuated between. 89i and 894, and the final quotations were 895 to i for moneyoand89 to 90 for the 7th of February. - There was' a complete absence of any foreign news calculated to exercise the slightest influence, and the movements of pricem were again simply such as were catied by. the ordinary transactions of the public. On the whole, however, the disposition to rely upon the prospect of peace being speedily concluded seems to have gained strength. The Queen's speech on Thursday, the 31st. inst., is looked forward to by the speculators with great interest. Bank Stock left off at 208. to 210; Reduced, 90 to ; New Three per Cents. 904 to 4; Long Annuities, 3 to 9-16; and Annuities, 1885, 164. The- unfunded securities experienced a further slight advance, and the last quotations w ere, Exchequer-bonds, 9& to i; and India Bonds and Exchequer-bills, 4s. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange the demand for money, although not excessive, is still. weUl maintained, the final payment on the Turkish loan havqig to be met on Friday. At the Bank. of Exgland the applications are comparatively moderate, but out of doors the inquiry is active, and few transactions takce place below the Bank rate. Foreign securities were generally well supported at a further slight advance. Jn Turkish SLX Per Cents, transactions were concluded at an improvement of 1 per cent., which was maintained with firmness to the close. For the account the bargains were at 88, 88-, 88J, i, and 89. The NewFour per I Cent. Guaranteed Scrip was negotiated at 14, i, 3, and i, and the final quotation was 1 discount. The general 'business comprised,-Danish Five per Cents., 103S;' Ecuador, 51; Granada New Active, 20; the Deferred, 04 and I; Mexican, for account, 204; Peruvian, for account, 774'; Russian Four-and-a-7Ealf per Cents., 90, 91, and 90; the Small, 92; Sardinian Five per Cents., 87V and 864; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 40j; the New Deferred, for account, 224; Diutch Twoa and-a-Half per Cents.,t644 and 4; andctheFourand-a,Half per Cent. Peruvian dollar Bonds, 58. In the. foreign exchanges- this afternoon the rate upon Haunburg was higher. With regard to other places the quotations were nearly the same as last post. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evenmng were 67f. 50c. for money, and 67f. 90c. for the end of the month, i showimg a recovery of an eighth or a-quarter per cent. A paragraph with regard to American State debts, in a letter inserted in nfle Times to-day from Sir F. B. Head, callsfor remark. It refers to "the repudiation by the State of Florida of about $2,000,000, by the State of Arkansas of all their' debts, by the State of Mlississippi of $5,000,000 of their debt," and finally to "the unpaid debts to this country of the States of Alabama, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Maryland." The charge thus made against Florida, Arkansas, and Mississippi is perfectly correct, and the list might have been increased by including the State of Michigan, which, like Mississippi, is one of the most prosperous of the Union, and is equally shameless in the treatment of its creditors. Alabama, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, howvever, have not only never repudiated their obligations, but are free from any arrear of debt. It is true that Pennsylvania and Maryland suspended payment for a period, but the latter State made efforts to avoid the disaster, and ultimately met every claim in an honourable manner, w;hile Pennsylvania, w,hose conduct at 'one time seemed likely to be very discreditable, also, in the end, discharged her arrears, and would have en|tirely redeemed her charcter had shenot, in con-, nexion with a. small amount of bonds, temporarily issued to represent those arrearas refused to pay the full rate of interest she had contracted for. It is essential that these points should be borne in iind, and they have been frequently repeated by T,'ie Times, especially as regards Pennsylvania, with the object of correcting the mistake into which Engolish w.riters commonly fall of speaking of that State as the centre of American dishonour. As the prospect of the really delinquent States being brought to a better course must depend chiefly upon keeping them constantly before the world, in disgraceful isolation from all respectable communities, nothing can be more injiuious to the cause of the creditors than the practice of confounding them with others against whom there is no complaint. A translation has been prepared by Dr. M1ichelsen of the report of the States Committee of Odessa on the corn trade of Russia since 1824, as inserted in Dr. Hubner's Berlin States Annual for 1856. It contains elaborate statistics, the results of which are interesting, from the demonstration they furnish of the rapid increase of ,the grain-producing power of the Russian provinces on the Black Sea.' The first statement shows the total exports from Southern Russia during each year from 1824 to 1852. Throughout the whole of that period, with the exception of two years of war between Russia and Turkey in 1828 and 1829, and three years of bad harvests from 1833 to 1835,the progress ;was in a great degree contiuous, and in 18a2 the comparison w.ith 1824 steed as follovrs: Exports. 1824. 1852. Wheat, tchetwerts. 665,991 4,135,76a Rye ditto - 443,110 Barley ditto 72 53,089 Oats ditto 30 9055 Peas ditto - 5E471 maize ditto - 334,789 The grand total of grain of all sorts exported during the 29 years from the southern ports amounted to 57,021,5D4 tchetwerts (about. 38,014,395 imperial quarters) and was distributed as followis:- Tchetwerts. From 1824 to 1831, annual averae 1,307,066 1832 to 1840, ditto 2,032,654 1841 to 1340, ditto 2,349,966 1847 to 1852, ditto 3,493,970 Inthe first of the above periods the two circumstances chiefly influencing the trade were the system of duties in England,which operated as a discouragement, and the terms of the treaty of Adrianople with Turkey,which had an opposite effect. In the second period, although an increase is observable, it was in the face of a growing competition from the Danubian Principalties. In the third, this competition had become greater, and there were several abundant harvests in England, but the production still continued to augment. In the fourth, the remarkable merease is accounted for by the abolition of the corn lavws in England, although that event caused several countries which had previously taken Odessa wheat to extend their production, so as to have a large surplus of their own for exportation.'w - 'As regards the various ports from whiclh atheSe quantities have been sent,;te total from Odessahas been far larger than that from all the others t&ether; Itwvas ofgrain of all sorts 'Tchetwerts. From 1824 t 1831, annual average ' 865,921 1832 to 1840, ditto 1,09.706 1841 to 1846, ditto 1,371,024 1847 to 1852, ditto 2,03M,696 From Eupatoria the exports show a' declining ten. dency, andcamounted in 1852 to only 20,605 tchetwerts. Tlieodosia, or Kaffa, is likewise retrograding, andfromanannual average of 50,227teheiwert'inthe nine years from 1814 to 1822, sank to'an averag'e of 1&,028 tchetwerts in the: period between 1843 and 1852. "From Kertch the quantities are- altogether insignificant. The falling off in the trade of these placs -is attributed to the opening of the Sea of AzofF to navigation. -In that sea the ports have shown an extraordinary increa3e of activity. Froni Berdiank the shipments, consisting chiefly of wheat,' increased from 187,761 tehetwert4in 1839 to 532,335 in 1852. From 31arioupol the returns, which relate only to wheat, aiado not go further back than 1843, eihibit an increase from 124,860 tchetwerts at that date 'to -265,236 'tch'etwerts in' 1852.>. Taganrog, however, presents the most remarkable-mnovement, and ocupies in the Sea'of Azoff a position analo- gOlts .tG that of Odessain the Black Sea. In 1824 her exports of grain r eached ouly M)5X2Qv t-chbFwerts, and in 1852 they amounted to 050,360 t6hetWer0 Rostoff, on the Don, ha likekwise made great pro;. gress, having advanced from 96,385 tehetwerts in 1843 to 466,733 tchetwerts in 1852. In relation to:l - the Danubian ports of Russia the figures-. embrace .the period:from 1839 to 1843, and ~present an 'increaase from 169,270 to 380,838 tehetwerts at Isiail, and from 45,840 to 92,170 tehetwerts at Reni. The following are the prices (per tchetwert), as :given in the Odessa Messenger: .I The -highest prices were in 1846 and 1847, c4mig to the scarcity in Western Europe. In 1847, the year of .the Irish famine, they reahed the maximum exceded only by those of 1817, when wheat fetch'ed 1s..48cop. per tchetwert. The annexed note has been received regairding the insurance case detailed by Mr. Engelhardt, and commented upon yesterday:- *Sir,-As tho representative of the leading underwriter, in the case of ' Goodallv. Hyde,' Wil you allow me space to request your readers to suspend their judgment nPOn the *merits of the affair till the report of the trialiss published9 The p roof-sheets are new under revision, and a:' copy of the pamuphlet will be at the service of any gentleman wrho is in:terested in the trade oriu the business of this place. "Your obedienlt servant,: * "Lloyd's, Ja:22. "ARTEHUR 0. HAMON.": _The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam and,lotterdam produce markets state-that business continued inactive, but that prices were fairly sup-. ported. The letters from Rouen mention increased -bzuoyancy in the market for manufacturesl, the attendance of buyers being ntumerous. ' 'A meeting of railway shareholders took place .todayat the 1ondon Tavern, MIr. Malins presiding, -when a series of resolutions were passed for organi.zing an association to wratch their general interests. The object is to bring into play a combined influence sufficient to arrest extravagant expenditure, reckless management, and mischievous legislation. . . _ . .~~~~~~~~~~~
TRADE REPORT. Tuiesday Evening. SuGAP.-There is a better feeling, and prices are fuly 6d. per cwt. dearer to-day. The quantity offering is extrumely limited. 953 bags low brown Mauritius, at auction, brought 33s. 6d. to 36s., and a few superior lots 39s. to 40s. 6d. 1,634 bags native Madras were withdrawn. Two c3rgoes of brown Brazil have been sold for export at 26s. 3d. to '27s. per~ cwt. In the We$ India market 1,306 hhds. have been disposed of. Coryx 880 bags native Ceylon were nut ip at auction; the-chief part was damaged, and sold at full rates; for the sound 52s. v as offered, but the whole was taken in at 5~3s. Rtca-Since Friday there has been a large business done inBengal rnce of the neweropon arrivaL Thepacific rumours induced importers to offer to sell oi considerably lower termas, and 2,000 tons were disposed of at about 13s. 9L, per cwt. landed, guaranteed of good middling quality. Such a reduction evidently attracts attention;- the demaand is nowv getting more general, and 900 tons have to-day been placed at an advance of sd. per cwt-viz., 300 tons at i35. 9dL landed, vithout guarantee of quality, and. 600 tens g-ood maiddling at 14s. per cwt. SALrPE'rE.-A few lots of fiue 2 to 3 per cent, have been sold at 37s. For other sorts there is scarcely any inquiry Stock, 4,260 tons against 31,270 tons * delivery, last wecek, 213 tons. *CocsnsittL.-In public sale 144 bags went at previous prices to ld. dearer-viz., 79 bags Teneriffe silver, ordinary to good, 3s. 7d. to 3s. 9dL - 24 bags ditto black, 3s. lid. to 4s. 3d. per lb.; and 25 bags lMexican, ordinary SilVer, 3s. 6d. * 16 bags black were beught imat 3s. lOd. LEATHER AND HIES.-ThIe leather-market to-day at Leadenhall has been moderately supplied with fresh goods. A fair demand prevailed for most articles at about late rates. HIeavy E;nglish and foreign butts and p rime weil flayed dressing hides were most an request. fn the raw hide-market prices had a downward tendency.
STATE O0 TRADB. 3mANcHEsTErt, JAm 22. The cloth-market has toned down a -ood deal since Thursday as regards business, but the slightlyadvanced prices then obtained have been established, and the market asi iuite as good a pstion as on this day week. At Last rates manufacturers have been able to dispose of their stockspretty freely. Some of our manufacturers report that they have realized rather better prices than on Last Tmesday and that there has been a fair inquiry this morning forflongcloths, 40-inch shirtings, audMadapollaunm, both to meet the India and continental trade. They are not in a better position as regards prices by the advance, inasmuch as it is neutralized by the advance of Id. per lb. on cotton at Liverpool, and bythe consequently enhanced cost of yarns. -InJ the yarn-market generaly there is a better tone , manufacturers have been taking cop and wvarp pearns rather freely, and in general have had to give about ld. per lb. advance on Saturday's terms. The Gcnl ans are also pretty extensive operators to-day in male and water twist. Thirdtwisted yarns for the Mediterranean are stil in fair request and, in fact, the demand is tolerably general, and embrces a wide range of counts and qualities. Such is the general reporut of hselers, there are instances in which they give a rather more moderate account of this dot's market. fessrs. John Slagg and Co. report:- "The drooping tendency of PrnCeS which prevailed in oar market on Tuesday last was soddenly arrested by the tnehpected favourable news from Vienna received on Thursday. A general advance was itmediately asked by producers of all kinds of goods;* some refused to name prices at all, but dithout much success, as buyers generally refused to go beyond the rates current in the early part of the week. Since riday tee exdctement has graduaIy0toned down, and, so far as goods are concerned, the onlyadvantage gained by manUfacturers is that of being able to dispose of their stocks at the prices they were aseng on Tuesday last, and we therefore res ume orr quotations of that day." I.'EEDS, J-f. 22. In mixed cloths there was censiderable activity this morning, and a very satisfactory amoant of business was transacted. In the white cloth-hall there was very little done, but the aspect of the market generaly was decidedly steadyiand warm. The Lekds Idtoadigcncet of this morning thus speaks of the plospects of the trade of this district . "f he general tone is very cheerfly , and there seems every probability of a good spring trade. Amon manufacturers there is continued activity, andthoso engaoed upon Governmeat orders eae making every eertion to complete them, and to get the goods passed as auickly as possible. The naval coutract to which We made reference last week has since appeared, and amonts to 160,000 yards of cloth, besides ready-made garments, Tenders will be received up to the 30th inst., hut it is now doubtful whether any will be accepted. In the wool trade there is some improve. ment, andhigher prices are submitted to. There is coasiderable difference of opinion as to the probable effect oft peaco on the general trade of the district. On the one hand, t is said that the money-market will be considerablv relieved, andeommerdaiv operations will become leTsrestriked. both in the home and foreign trade, than they have been for the last two years The fallin yesterday's crn-market is an additional argument on this side of the question. But against this we woald urge the fact that a large proportion of the extraordinary war expenditure has been made in the united kin"dom and has not only enconraged many of the estaahissed horatches of manufacture, but has created new sauplies. When this vast expenditure is abruptly stopped the effect will be very generally and se erely felt. For 'instace, in the army ae,which sno so sucessfThUy carried on in tlis neighbonThood, not only wilU future orders cease, but in the preaent crowded state of the government sohres, weich contain ordinary Th psamlies for some years to come, the return apon the makers' hands of many goods not yet in course of delivci-o is sure to follow WVe may here state, that, notwithstanding the different views which prevai l as to the consequence of peace, there is i universally expressed wish to try the fortune of another campaign. The prevalent idea is that the terms 'offered to Russia are to laemnt, and will prove'to be ineffective; that although she may consent to the letter of the expected treaty, she will contrive to evade its spirit. It is remarked that all reference to Asia is avoided and that the most stringent measure and effectual guarantee-that of an indemnity for the expenses of the war-is carefully kept out of sight. It is a mistake to supposo that the commercial classes, are anxious' for peace, and webd not mnake this assertion at hazard, but after careful observation among persona of every class and of diverse interests." The reportod the Htiddeisfleld market to-day is asfol- lows *- . " 'The attendance has notbeen large2 and, as a consequence/ the market, has not beeni equ~al .to that of last week. The .faDing off has, howvever, been but slight. The same kinds 'of goodscoatinueindemand. .Wool-is much in thesame state as previously reported." .. .
:RAIWAY AND IINO7SH S4=ES. = ' ' ' ~~ ' . -... TcesdayEmit''' ! Th4 rilway-market was firm, with a fuitherndency * improvement. Business. has gradaly increased ii: this department, the public havino, become purchers of the leading, descriptions Australian land and banking shares were Supported with steadiness, but the operations were not exten-6ive. In Canada Land transadtions were negotiated at 136 and 136, and the final quotation ws 131 to 136. Mining and miscellaneous securities exhibited little alteration, although prices in some cases were rather lower.-X
THE CORY TRADE. I - - - - 2IVERPDomTAv. 22 45 WnMTRA unOM A1iei1u and CoestWige during the past Wea.chave-been kbebalof oatmneal, but othersise mot From focisreae ports we bare rceired 17a anautes of wheat. 9,272 quartes of bexn% 1,300 Quarters of peas, 16.156 quartrr of ndi-n corn. and 1,833 saks and 2 S5 barreb of dour*: besides from Cauadaft haye reeeired L067 quartem of oat and 3.147 quarters of peas. The exports ir- - the nin time coMrise S16 quarters of bheat. 4.CIS quarters of Indian con l,e75 Packs nd447 barrels of r Tbepse news haa completely =Yzod atusinee in breadsu since Th-usday last ant priceah bee met irregular for Ml articles and it is as yet impoes1l. ble to give acrrte quotations. The wtelterasbeweet, but thiW morn- we have ne wcatherand frt . Atthsda y'ssrket there was a gaottrndcnee of xruler. ant delers, who showed considerable disposition to bosy. and alteether v bettertonewaspereptable. Wheat, more partirularly redAmanriae, netvritha good dnstivedemand at generally adeline of 6ed. L 701b. sinceTuesday lst. Flour -as also snore oaeable at the declin of Friday.or 2.Deraek andbarrl under the rates of this day week. Oateand loairneiwere neglected. althongb offered ata decine of 2d. per 451b. and . per loa harley, beans, aod peas sold in retail atl d. per d01b . and -s per qoarter reduelien oa the- rates of this ds week.' Indian eorn met mith a brisk demand, and a considerable business as done in the article at 3Rs to Ie. 6d, per qurter for prime niixed Americaz. being 1. to Is 6d. per quarter above the rated obtainableon Satnrday and yesterday. Ve quote prime white wheat. lIe. Sd. tolls.; mI ed, hil5&t is. Id. tol L:ud zd. lb. Od. tQ 11- 3d IFour froms 39s. to 4s. forWesterns: 41s. 6d. far Baltimore and PhladeIlpha, to42s. for prime Ohio. Indian com,42; lto 41s p quarter. - LEEDE, TOYmDAT. JAN. 22. There is a betterfeelingin thetradeto-daythan atWakefioldlas! Friday. 5EIls-ant to pruehae whestat5sper qunter deline. sbich factors in few instaues aoeede tg consequently little busine3a has transed. Baley is fully s. per quarter, and beas Ia. per q1uartercheaper. Oatsinfarourof thebuvy. 5*e Dhere fos a J2 - 7 :-I - ' I i iee'wfhnto mnmit toa ¶eduet riL hom fge to &s rper4uoetOEi , o% be lee not i] dend and. pdcei y1e L~~~ . _ _ _ - ,,,, -*x
Tim Munpa OPi W3. STLinoG--Yeite'ray mounin infosiom received At-the chief po-lceio ov6-,ichlik yX iite..tbeosfpreiensom of the per.sona concerned ixAhisatrodois murder.: It will be rememrbarecl that ViWni5 txeri leisf iwA ta1keni'ifin The person-o-c!l the dece aed was a silver engine-turned vat, with ,saver .fac4 ain ld figm, Xo. 3,84-, makers' nome ". Pav. Todtl,UoQw." This, there are strong Tesons forbelievin, was adi Oedof-eitherbypledging or seling iii the t.wn o fDuo:ha mn afew day a s uequentto the murde, and, it b ansi~sect&1 tliitthe vitch iS inthe possession -of an unli' nsed wirnbroker, Her lzjctty's Secretarr of State sage:= 0to remit the penalty and advise the grat o Herinjeety'Mpetdon to any unlioensed wVnbroker, or other person, who mnay have talien the watchin pi.dge er purchasedit, notl eingthe actuil perpetrStor of theautrdr.. provided he or she produo it promptlyaiia give wovidouices to thepersonfrom whom it ws received, and c reward Si bO? wll'e iaon its production. Tvhis is independent of any chaim the person ~uy have to the whole or n portion of the Lgerwe rd oE O1 already offered, and to be paid ta any pewn or persona who may be unstuenltain, obtail
LO2fDOY, lWEDNESDAY, JANUARY23, 1856. The period at which our negotiations for peace are just arriving is probably the most critical that they will have to go through. Nothing has as yet been received, from St. Petersburg, except by telegraph, but to-morrow written communications are expected, and then will immediately arise the question of signing a preliminary treaty of peace, and with it the demand, which will doubtless be most earnestly pressed on the Western Powers, that they should enter into an armistice for the period during which that treaty of peace is to be discussed. Hitherto the game has been all on our side. Whether it be, as the .ord surmises, that Russia has been actuated by the magnanimnbus desire of sacrificing purely Russian to European interests, and also has at length awoke to the tardy conviction that not only the Western barbarians, but people who ought to know better, believe that the CzaR has designs upon Turkey and aspirations after the banks of the Bosphorus, certain it is that Russia has abated her pretensions with a rapidity after which her breathless admirers struggle in vain, and has suddenly transferred the coniest from the field to the Cabinet. Here, however, she wiUl encounter us on terms far more advantageous than she could possibly hope for in any other sphere of action. The goodwill of the Princes of Germany was not very likely to carry them-into the excess of taking the field for- the sake of either party. They know the blessings of ease, and are resolved to enjoy them to the utmost. While, therefore, the war continued, Russia, with, numerous well-wishers, was pretty sure to be left alone in the field, to defend herself as best she might against Powers by whom she was. already overmatched. But, though her friends dare not or cannot fight for her, they have no objection to do for her any other service she may exact from them. So long as there is no danger, no broken head to apprehend, no Power is richer in friends or more earnestly supported than Russia. She bears, indeed, a charmed life, and every petty Prince of Europe regards her with the same conviction with which Louis XL, in Scorr's admirable novel, looked upon the astrologer 31mco GAEoTI-the conviction that he cannot hope to survive her decease for a single day. Now, therefore, that the time of negotiations has arrived, we do not doubt but that the allies will be overwhelmed with professions of perfidious sympathy and affected approbation, and will discover that innumerable potentates, whom but a few months ago they regarded, and with justice, as among the most lukewarm of their friends, or perhaps not the least bitter of their enemies, were always their well-wishers, always maintained the justice of their cause, always believed in the certainty of its success, and only hope that they will now exercise as much prudence and moderation in the conference as they have shown fortitude and galantry in the day of battle. Russia, we shall be reminded by a hundred titled sycophants, is still a great and formidable Power, tenderly suceptible of her honour, morbidly sensitive of the opinion even- of her enemies, and sacrificing herself, as that veracious and patriotic journal, the Nord, of Brussels, assures us, rather to European interests and to European opinions, I than to any inability to carry out the struggle in which she finds herself engaged. Then it wil be hinted that the feelings of the Esmnr;on would be grievously hurt by our insisting on one condition, and the spirit of the Archduke CoNsrTArm- by our pressing indiscreetly for another, and we shall be told, as Mr. GLADsToNE and his friends have over 'and over again told us, that the best guarantee for peace is not in extorting harsh and grinding conditions, but in conciliating those by our generosity whom we have previously taught to respect usby our valour. Joined to this class of mediators we -must expect to have to encounter others of a different stamp, -men who view peace and war as stoclijobbing sPeculations, who would open the temple of JATus that they might buy into the funds low, and close it again that tl.ey might sell out higher. To such men human life is so much air, honour is so much dross, wide and prospective plans of policy the visions of dreamers or of maniacs, who sacrifice the present to the future, and expect, likle RASSEr.S, Prince of Abyssinia, to-morrow to redeem the promises of to-day. Patriotism is to them a word to conjure with, not to express any real or genuine feeling, and they would welcome for their country another Waterloo, if such a disaster would have, like its predecessor, the effect -of raising the price of Government securities. Surely Russia, with such auxiliaries, does not descend into the diplomatic arena without some hope of reconquering:with her arts those advantages which ahe hls lost -by her arms. Om. the steadfastness of purpose, the manly self-confidence, and the unwavering resolution of the allies it must depend to thwart all these manceuvres and to hold fast their dearly bought and highly prized superiority. It must be clearly understood that these negotiations are not to be like orclinary Conferences, where each pary is straining his ingenuity to see which can most completely deceive the other-which can hide his internal misgivings under the bolder front-which can conceal his real inability to continue the con-test under the loudest declarations and the most dauntless bearing. The allies have no occasion to have recourse to such paltry and miserable arts; they have won their position for themselves, and they know its value, for they have dearly paid for it. They cannot certainly tell what is the true condition of Russia, what money still remains in her treasuries, what troops in her fortresses, what spirit in her people, what enthusiasm in her ChiIrch,-how many of those paper armies, which are ready at every point to confront an imaginary invader in all the might and majesty of the very boldest type, would be found present in the body ,when the day of action arrives. These things they cannot know, though they may partly guess; but, for themselves, they are sure that they possess fleets and armies adequate to any enterprise they may devise, and resources that can support them in full efficiency so long as anything remains to be done. Power has not, as Mr. COBDErf would have us believe, so wholly deserted wealth, victory -has not made so fast a league with poverty, barbarism has not asserted so decided a triumph over civilization, nor ignorance over enlightenment, that we, with our world-wide commerce and our boundless resources, should doubt of the result of the contest, if the contest be again renewed. We have nothing to fear from open force; all our apprehensions are from delay and trickery. It should be our business, now that the basis of negotiation is agreed upon, to formulate the terms of the treaty we are prepared to sign in language the most precise, brief, and unambiguous possible. Let Russia accept such a treaty at once if she be so minded, and we shall be content; if not, let her reject it, and we shall also be content, for we have every reason to believe we can conquer a better. Above all let no entreaties or cajoleries induce us to give up for a single instant the blockade of her coasts, so far as it is not superseded by the ice, by which we isolate one part of the empire from the other, and the whole empire from intercourse with neighbouring countries. If there must be an armistice, though we see no necessity for any respite, let at least our blockade be excepted from its operation, and let an early day be peremptorily fixed on which warlike operations shall again begin unless a definitive treaty of peace shall before that time have been signed and ratified. If it be understood that we enter on the Conference in this spirit, with a thorough resolution either to bring it to a pacific termination or to break it off, we shall have no reason to fear that Europe will be kept long in suspense as to the destinies of the coming year.
It used to be said that if you wanted to be somebody you must do something for which you ought to be transported, or sent to gaoL In these days, if you wish to be an object of public interest, you must at least deserve hanging. Endure privations, forgive injuries, quell every evil passion, and nobody will care for you. Poison half your relations and friends, butcher your wife or your mistress, or any woman you please; never allow a moment's delay to your cupidity, your vengeance, or your lust, and you Wmill soon have crowds of pious people dawdling and twaddling, and snuffling and slobbering, at the door of your celL We are not at all ambitious of Mr. BarInE's affectionate interest, for it is quite clear that, in order to obtain it, we must first procure strychnine, arsenic, a revolver, or at -least a stout bludgeon. When we have selected the object of our regards, should the deed be discovered, we shall at least have Mr. BRIGHT interceding with .the Home Secretary in our behalf. Meetings would be held, speeches made, and prayers offered up, tracts circulated, and petitions with myriads of signatures sent to the QuEEN, in order to add a few years to our miserable existence. If people were strung up at the rate of ten a-day, the average of EhINxY VIIL's reign, or if "rogues were hung " apace," as in the time of good Queen BEss,nay, if a business-like percentage of sheepstealers, shoplifters, pick-pockets, and hopbinecutters, were draughted off once a-week for the sake of example, that, at least, would be a very different case. As things now are, out of several hundred atrocious murderers, and. after the conviction of some score of the very worst, a dozen or two are hung with much scruple and solemnity. We just keep up the prescription of hanging-that is alL With half a dozen more reprieves the custom would be obsolete. Thus the whole question rests upon the bare fact that we do just hang a few desperate ruffians in the course of the year. It is true this cuts both ways, for, if we hang some, we let off many more. For a dozen we surrender to SAC: XETc we give Jo}N BRIGHT and his friends at least half a hundred. It may be said, too, that a dozen executions in a twelvemaonth can hardly be worth much as an example, and are not much worth fighting for. It is but an. infinitesimal dose of hanging for such a huge mass of criminality. Are we, then, to do battle for this very small relic of our old Draconic code? Could we suppose the GEornGxs to revisit the earth, after slaying their thousands for forgery, and their thousands for sheepstealing and shoplifting, after wee7kly battues of petty larceners, would they advise us to trouble ourselves much one way or another about the present paltry averageI When they saw all this fuss made about a single murderer, they would only smile at the degeneracy of our age. As Mr. CoEDnN'S pamphlet on the war has obtained a European currency as the voice of the British commercial class, perhaps Mr. BRIGET'S speech may be translated, and circulated, and puffed, as theremonstrance of British humanity, and we shall be charged on its autho. rity with hanging a dozen a-day. Well, then, to Prevent such a calumny, and to reduce the question to one of mere principle, it may be as well to observe that we now only hang for mnurders, or crimes of at least equal atrocity, and -that capital punishnirents are of very rare occurrence. On the principal point Mr. BRIaoT cannot be said to be' at issue with the mass of the British public. He-reduces capitalipunishment to a question of expedienoy,-that it is expediency in its highest and only true sense-the prevention of crimle, moral improvement, and the common weaL He does not dispute our right to hang, if it is found to do good, and if we take care not to hang the wrong people. His arguments are of the ordinary safe character, proving a case up to a certain point, if not quite conclusive, against all hanging. The mnore our ancestors hung the worse people were. Hanging could not prevent small crimes, to which there was small temptation, and, of course, is stil less able to prevent great crimes, for which there is great temptation. Capital punishment has always been inflicted irregularly, capriciously, and almost accidentally, as example required, at the mercy of a judge, the digestion of a-jury, or the leisure of a Home Secretary. Then, the spectacle brutalizes. A fellow goes to see an execution, observes that it is a kick and all over in a minute, and with that encouraaement, Emall as it may seem, goes and murders a man.. But some of these suppositions arc highly gratuitous, and some of the stories rather apocryphaL Mr. BRiGHr had better confine himnse]f to the patent facts of the question. Howi many executions have there been of late years? For what crimes ? In what instances is there any doubt as to the justice of the verdict ? Mr. BrrnGr only goes back to a case five years old, in which he said the gaoler, chaplain, and executioner believed the man innocent; and the only other actual case he alludes to is that of a man who ws not convicted of murder because there was just a bare possibility that somebody else, nobody could say who, might have administered to his.wife the course of poison of which she died. At all events, hanging has been reduced to a safe compass, and, instead of imagining the hardship of a man being hung by mistake, or of one man being hung and another not for the same offence, Mr. BRIGHT would have treated the question more fairly if he had taken the case of an undeniable murderer, and then asked, "Shall we " hang this man, or what shall we do with him " That is the real question; and, though all our instincts, our habits, and our prejudices, Mr. BitGnT would say, point to the gallows, we are ready to confess that it is a painful question. 3r. BB1GHT adduces Pennsylvania,-why, it is not easy to see, as it happens that the practice there, nowv for two hundred years, is very much what it is hiere. They only hang for the most aggravated cases of murder. It is much the same in France, and' in most civilized countries. Why does not Pennsylvania give up capital punishment altogether ? We do not ask for ourselves, as we are not prepared to give up wholly the deeprooted instinct and primeval law which demands the death of the murderer; but Mr. BRIGET is bound to answer the question. He says that it is better and easier to instil a reverence for life, even in the case of the worst criminal, than to deter from crine by retributive slaughter. But almost in the same breath lhe tells us that reverence for life, mere reverence, soon goes when we are familiar with bloodshed, and that the most dreadful slaughter before Sebastopol no longer excited the feelings with which we heard of that on the Alma. Then, what becomes of a mere sentimental value for life, and what influence is it likely to have with the gross, violent natures, who commit murder ? The people who do these things are commonly remarkable for the tenacitv with which they follow some selfish object, the fury with which they obey the dictatea of some passion, the obstinacy with which they cling to some delusion. They are well said to be " instigated," and might well be thought possessed. Take the case of almost any known and proved murderer, and is it not evident that he or she is such an one as would do another murder, or twenty, on the slightest inducewent ? Murder becomes the passion, the habit, the act of the mind,-its one mode of compassing its objects and gratifying its passions. We hardly like to compare such a state with insanity, but, like insanity, it is deaf to reason, it is hardened against virtuous sentiment; it can only be controlled by the strongest rule and the most terrible spectacle we can apply. Notwithstanding MIr. BRIGHT'S example of the man who felt the gallows robbed of its terror by the shortness of the agony, he may depend on it that many a worse ruffian has felt his hand stayed by the fear of dying like a dog. Certainly it is more feared than any other punishment, at least in this island. There is a good deal of wretchedness in our cities that can hardly be much worse than any severity of prison discipline, even where hope is left behind at the prison doers; but there is no state of life, no misery, no desolation, no coiitempt, which is not felt preferable to the gallows. It is dreaded by the most'intemperate savage and the most utter scoundrel. Considering the natures we have to deal with, and the VAr ANmuitxG sort of rule we have to maintain, what else can we substitute that shal be equally effectual? Mr. BRGenT does not help us to answer this question. He only declaims against the existing practice, and leaves others to find a better.
The text of the convention betweenJapan and Great Britain is now before us, and, as might be expected, adds but little to the amount of our infopmation with regard to that singular country, or the state of our own relations with the Japanese. The convention is similar to the one which had been already signed between the United States and the Japanese empire, and represents nothing but the min.imtum which could be conceded under the immediate pressuro of an armed force and the apprehension of a stil more serious attack. It is idle to suppose that things will remain at their present point. The islands vwhich constitate the Japanese empire no longer remain secluded from the usual highways of the world. For one sail that entered the waters of Japan at the beginning of the century fifty may now be seen by the fishermen of Wiphon as they follow their usual trade along the seaboard of the great island. The growing intercourse with China, more especiaUy with the northern portions of the empire, has attracted a numerous shipping into those distant seas; nay, the very incidents of the gigantic contest in which the Western Powers are at this Asoment engaged with Russia have added to the embarrassments and difficulties of Japanese statesmen. The warships of Great Britain and France scour the straits and shallow waters which were among the arcaun arcanisdirn of navigation to all mariners, save perhaps to GoiowNu; and a few Russians. Now, last summer, ineffectual as Admiral STr.nLes operations against the Petropaulovski fleet undoubtedly were, at least from that abortive cruise the seamen of the French and British navies have acquired an intimate knowledge of the Japanese seas. We hear, moreover, by the last arrivals that the allies have taken possession of one or more of those steppingstones to Japan which are laid down in our charts and maps as the Kurile Islands. From Cape L*opatka to the Straits of La Perouse these islands are scattered on the surface of the sea, and, although provisionally seized as a hostile measure against Russia, they may in time become a formidable menace to Japan itself. The Government at Jeddo is just as well aware of. all this as we are ourselves. They know, moreover, the event of the operations carried on. by the British against the Chinese in the years 1841-2, and, althouigh-the. miLitary force at their disposal is of a far more formidable character than the Chinese levies, it would be simply preposterous to suppose that it. could be brought to bear wsith any: 'effect against an armea force from Europe or the United States. If it should unhappily come to war, there can, according to all human calculation, be but one result-namely, the slaiughter and subjection of a most ingenious and highly civilized people, whose crime against us is not that they have inflicted upon us any absolute injury, but that they will not permit us to thrust upon them our society and our commerce. It is quite clear that Japan is an independent sovereignty, and is entitled to all the respect which such a Power can claim at our hands according to the law of nations. Unless great forbearance and discretion be ued, we are not without apprehension thatl the problem -for as yet it is but a problem-will be decided in another way. Violence will take the place of reason-hostility of -what maight have beenr friendehip. In place of establishing commercial jvtereourse upon lasting and, pofitable- foundation!i Vith a, nation. QZ 40,000%QQ of freemn.e say thlt we or our Transatlantic friends resolved -to carry - on a war against Japan, according to the bestestablished canons of that dreadf science,-say that wo succeeled in our attack according tothe fullest measure of our wishes, and that the Japaneus were reduced to subjection, let ua think of them as of the J.ivanese underi Dutch rule, coula we hope. to reap fromsuch a course the same advantages which would follow from cDmmercial fellowship. with a people whom we had discreetly wooed, not roughly forced, into intercourse ! Would Japanese slaves under American or Englsh taskmasters do for the world what they would do for themselves if Ieft to the prosecution of their own industry in their own way ? - Depend upon it, there is something in the Japanese hand and in the Japanese mind which will be of service to humanity. The' elements of their civilization are different from our own. So much the .better. That they may have far more to learn than to teach weewillingly admit; but one thing is certain,-that if they can be brought to adopt some of our forms in agriculture, mechanics, and chymistry, they will educe the virtues of their own soil and profit by the resources of their climate far better than strangers, and far better than they could themselves under the dominion of strangers. * The last inteDigence received from Japan is to the effect that mismunderstandings have already broken out between the Japanese and certain citizens of the United States with regard to the construction of a particular clause in the treaty. Some Americans wished to establish themselves for an indefinite time at one of the open ports, whereas the treaty only provides for permission for temporary residence. The Japanese said, fairly enough, " Name your own time, and, so it be at all within "the bounds of reason, we will admit of the C" residence, but :it muBt be of a temporary, not of "an indefinite,-not of a permanent character." It is obviu s enough that this was an attempt on the part of the persons in question to stretch the clear meaning of a clause, and so to creep on until the whole wedge was driven firTly in. Now, we wish success to the United States in this undertaldng-that is, we shall be delighted to know that they have fairly broken down the barriers which separated this sullen empire from the rest of the world; but to insure success there is a necessity for the greatest forbe3rance, and, above all, for the most absolute and implicit good faith. If it be thought desirable to obtain license for the permnanent residence of citizens of the United States at Nangasali, or elsewhere, be it so; stipulate for this in plain terms, and be content with nothing less. If a slip have been made in the negotiations, renew them,-do anything rather than repair error by musketry. On our side of the Atlantic we are convinced that terms of a very different kind must be obtained before real intercourse with Japan is established. The only question is, shall we not further our real object by a little delay? Let the Japanese be habituated to the sight of our ships, to the growth of our cornmerce,-above all, to our absolute, unswerving good faith, even when it imposes sacrifices upon ourselves. We should be rejoiced indeed upon such a point as this to see nations such as the United States, France, and Great Britain agree upon fixed principles of conduct. Let them be fully determined to attain their end, but yet so that a fine empire shall not be reduced to ruin and a most interesting population be given up -to rapine, plunder, and all the horrors of war.
It must be a source of serious satisfaction to all persons who cherish the good old traditions of the English bar that the grand school of BuzFuz has still its representatives even in our degenerate times. The task of whitewashing that estimable midividual, MIr. WmAmx PALEB, of Rugeley, is one which would have tasked to the utmost even the abounding eloquence of that learned Serjeant who lives in the memory of us al. He is not dead, however-that is, the man may be dead, but his spirit survives, and is embodied, for the delight of the age, in the portly person of yet another learned SeiJeant. While Seijeant W -mNs lives it would be premature to give ourselves over to despair. In him we find the same fervid and enthusiastic spirit, the same luminous appreciation of the eternal distinctions between right and wrong, the same glowing indignation, the same tender touches of pathos, and the Bame unqualified devotion to the interests of his client. All great systems are distingaished by their simplicity. The medical system of SmNGaADO, for example, turned upon phlebotomy and hot water. The forensic system of Serieant Wn'. s consists of indignant virtue and abuse of the press. Would that we could write in a whisper, lest we might again offend I Would thae we could convey information, and yet not convey it I Would that we could mention the name of W1 PAx& P.AnEu, of Rugeley-humani gencris decs--vithout injuring his case! The truth, however, must be told. There is a county town named Stanford, -there is another smaller town named Rugeley. In this latter town a surgeon, eminent alike for his professional skill and his domestic virtues, lately practised his art and adorned private life. His name is Wm=A PAir r , his 'vife died suddenly; his brother died suddenly; his friend died suddenly, in his very arms, as one may say; but, in place of commiserating his affliction and helping him to bear the burden of his sorrows, his neig,hbours began to murmur and hint to each other their dark and degrading suspicions. There was an inquest-a second inquest,-and a third inquest, -in the course of which facts were elicited which, however awkward they may at first appear to flippant and -superficial individuals, are yet susceptible of the clearest explanation. It folows logicaly that Wmrz& PAT-rEn is innocent ;-to utter or print a word in his disparagement is to stab a falling man. To speak of the " catalogae". of WmtmaA PARme's crimes is an observaticii which " Mr. EDwb J3iS would never dare to " repeat, and one which, as a maan, a lawyer, " and agentleman, he could not justify." There may be specks upon the sun and blotches upon. the lily, but, although Mr. WmLuor PAIMZ has just been proved guilty of. forgery in the Bail Court, let no man dare to mention his name without veneration and respect. The peccadillo which this. virtuous citizen has just confessed is forgery. He f6rged the naes of his mother, as acceptor of . a -bill of exchangea for -2,10001. He stated,. mn reply to mr. .Tsl=s, that the Dignature was forged, by the hand of his wife. Whether this were so os. not is uothing to the purpose. Of the to craimee indeed, it -would be the less criminal had AIebo)DlY executed the . forgery himself than i hbe Nad compelled his wife to trace the fAe- rAnie. We trust, for the honour of humrity, it may be the general opinion that het esetuc fh f6rgeij himsclf. His dwe auwt rise from. the dead to give her version of the story, and" it is but scant justice to presume her guilt upon testimony so questionabile as that of her unworthy hus,,and. To takie his own statement, he persuades or comp.els his wife to commrit a forgery-whic4 in any case was substantially }as ovn ae.4 na then testifies against her in the grave,, tO 'which, if the medical evidence ba worthy of be?ief, slCe had been prematurely hurriea.. With tho fr dl report of this trial before us we read the A.iing beNitxi passage froiii trjere1t
RUSSIA. sBYLUWz ASfl zRiT= TELEGRApI.) We have received the following telegraphic de*patch from our Berlin correspondent:- cc BEBI, JAM. 22. "The JXoznial de St. Petersbourg of the 21st inst. Las thefollowing - "'In consequence of the general desire of' iurope, the Russian Government has not wished to delay the work of conciliation by entering into ne3otiations of detail, trusting that her moderation will be duly appreciated."' We have received the Mcniet rr of yesterday. It 4does not contai any news of interest.
COURT CIRCULAR WINDSOR, J3<. 22. There was ao addition to the Royal dinner party yester a.y. The Queen and Prince walked in the Home Park this anorning. The Earl of Clarendon had an audience of Her fajesty in the afternoon. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by lady Fanny Howard and Sir George Couper, arrived in -tow yesterday morning from Frogmore. Her Royal HIighness paid a visit to the Duchess of Glocester, at Glo-cester-house, and in the afternoon left London on her return 4o Frogmore. A deputation on the affairs of St. Lucia had an interview -vith Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonialoffice. The deputation consisted of Mr. Charles M ryatt, YJr. Macgregor, Mr. Macfarlan% Mr. William Muter, Colo:nel Short, and Mr. Du Buisson. Sir George Grey lefttown yesterday for WindsorCastle. Mr. Hastie, MP., and 3r. Anstruther had yesterday an :tnterview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere on the subject of the Ceylon Railway. Despatches from the Governor of Mlalta were received y7esterday at the Colonial-office.
TE WAn Cocna.-DovEs, Tuesday, 610 A.3L --His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, -General della 3arsuora, General Airey, Sir Harry -Jones, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, and Admiral Dunmdas, arrived at Dover, on their return from the Council of War at Paris, in the Admiralty steam yacht Vivid, Captain Smithett, at 5 this morning, .and proceed direct to London by the expressma train at 5.36 a.m. BAY-oN SKEBACH AND nTH CZAR.-A Paris letter in the ITdecncance Bdec contains the following:-" Although the result L. Seebach had in view in his vsit to St. Pete-burg is now in a good way of being realized, some -details respecting this diplomatist's interview with the Emreror Ale.ander will not perhapg be uninteresting. IL See1,ach ^vas extremely intimate with the Emperor Nicholas, and tfie Emperor Alexander witnessed when very young the friendship which his father maintained with that statesman. The latter vwas received at the palace immediately after his -arrivml at St. Petersburg, wHhih city he had not visited for many years. On seeing him the Emperor exclaimed, x'What grave events have passed since we last saw each -ether ' and then threw himself into his Nisitor's arms. His Majesty for some time showed much emotion, and spoke of his father, his childhood, and of the calmer times when he had known IL Seebach. In speaking of his father tears ran down his cheeks.. But, recovering himself with a dignity truly imnperial, he observed, ' But'we have to speak of more serious matters. Ah ! you are not comie hoping to weaken me? The Emperor then expressed himself vith oreat clearness upon the reasons which rendered the establshment of peace desirable, but also upon his duties as the Sovereign of Russia, and the difficulties and exigencies of the situation. '31y nslesse,' said le, ' are not prepared to bow the head. I do not deceive myself upon tle gravity of the events in the Crimea, nor upon the possible results of an attack in the Baltic; but, beieve me, whatever m-ay be the situation, and whatever may be likely to arrive, it is much more difflcult for me at this moment to make peace than to continue the war. I *encounter, in deciding for war, ten times less resistance among my noiese and my people."' Snocxn;G D E.as aY Frncs.-It is our painful -duty to record the death of Miss Caroline Luttrell, second -daughter of Colonel Luttrell, of Kilve Court, Somerset, from the shock and exhaustion caused by a severe surface bnrn, occasioned by accidentally setting fire to her dress vwhile lighting the tapers on a Christmas tree. It appears that oa Friday week Mrs. Luttrell-the gallant gentleman himsef being away on duty with his regiment at Corkentertained some friends at a fanily reun ion, and that one of the amusements of the evening 'was to be the distribution of little p resents from a Christmas tree. Durnn' the evenin" the deceased young lady left the circle for tSe purpose -of'lighting the tapers on the tree, and desired none of the party- tovisit the roo until she raag thebelL To insure that no intruders would enterMWiss LuttreU turned the key ofthe door, and commenced lightinrg up .he tree. Unfortunately, she commnenced lighting the lower tapers first, and then, reaching up to light those on the higher branches, her thin evening dress caught fire and she iwas immediately -envelopedin flames. It appears that the deceased ran to the hell and puled it violently, and afterwards unlocked -the door and proceeded towards the room where the company ,were assembled. On meeting her surrounded with Clme and smoke their horror, it may be conceived, was ex.- treme. Her brother, assisted by others, 'with great difficulty .extinguished the flame, but not until after receiving a severe burn on tne hand. Medical assistance was immediately sent for. Miss Luttrell's eyelids, face, and neck were found to hfave suiffred the most from the flames; but it was at first hoped that no fatal result would follow. The exhaustion, however, and shock caused to the system were too great, -and on Mronday she died. The deceased was in her 25th year.-Westen-,z Flying Post. CA's TBis rE TRuE ?-The Inqirer newspaper of Satunray narrates the following :-"A lady in this country, who has travelled lately in America, has issued .i book containing her impressions of what she had seen. She is not nnknown in this country for her sympathy with our white slaves, and her name has an honourable place in the history -of reformtory schools. This lady, the Hlon. Miss Murray, r.dejnted in the Southern States the tone of the society she found there, and agreed heartily not only in what was: said of the white slaves in England, but also in -what was said of the black slaves in Carolina. She has, therefore, not hesitated to publish in her book opinions favourable to neero slavery, even to the extent of dogmatically sa)-ng that God created negroes to live under restraint, and that slavery is a means 'designed by Providence for the making of some good Christian men and women.' As one of the Queen's Ladies in Waiting, Mliss Murray wished to dedicate the book to Her Majesty. It is under.stood, however, that on seeing the proof-sheets, Her Ma*jesty not only refused the dedication, but required that Miss Murray, if she published it, should resign her place at -Court2" CUnRoTIs GEoLoGICSL DISCovER.-The new dock at West Hartlepool, which is approaching rapidly towards -completion, has in it3 progress reveiled several facts oEgreat geological interest. Beneath the mud, sand, and silt of the 'pool" or slake-which has extended considerably beyond iNs present boundary-there exist the remains of an ancient foreat, with its timber, trees, and other plants, as they g.ew and decayed on the spot, forming an accumulation of -vegetable matter of considlerable thickness. In this,;besides the hazel nuts- in s eat-number and perfection, wre are not ~nrprcied to fmdthe antlers and-hardler portions of the eta -the ha of thme oldeni thune portions of thie sulcll of an ox have aLso beenfound. The level of this forest is now nearly that of low water, consequently below the present aea drainage. Beneath the forest and theblue clay (tle earth it which the trees grew) there is a thick bed of clay, sand, silt,andgravei-baving numerousimbeddedbouldersofwaterv/orn stones, many of themof several tonsweight. he whole bed is the well-known " alluvium,- " diluvium," or " drift" spread over the combt, beneath the soil and *bove the stone. In cutting-the timber pond at the north'west angle of the naw dock, which is entirely in this 'cdtift,"oa poriion of the tuskof an elephant was dicovered aoenedays ago. The fragment, whichl is aboutl18 inches lon2, is of that end which has been embedded in the jaw,r asud e chibits all the ordinary chmrcteristic3of such a.specimen. This is the first instance within ourknowedge oftnie rnin;ins of elephants being found in the county of Durham, but, curious as it is, it shoulld not, as a matter of scientif investigation, excite in us any feelings ofsrprise, inasmuch 2s fnis s=me " drift" has, in various localities on the Yorkhiecoast, produced portions of thetusksandgrinders of elephants, wihich are now presered in the museums of YotL, Whitby, and Scarborough; and in the7well-known cave of;irkdale, near Kirby Moorside, were discorered the hones of eiephants and thosse of various other quadrupeds in greest abuudanxc.Th-Dlsafia County Aclrc s-tser.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, Wednesday Momnig. I EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our r-ais correspondent, dated yesterd3y, 6 p.m. .- . A telegraphic despatch from Berlin, dated la3t evening, announces that letters from St. Petersburg state that orders were sent off on the 18th to General Gortschakoff to suspend hostilities in the Crimea. The General is expected without delay at St. Petersburg, to be invested with the functions of Governor of Poland. It is generally expected here that an armistice will be concluded between the belligerent' Powers. Another private despatch states that an armistice was signed this day in London. A private letter from Brussels contains the following remarks on the great question of- the day:- " The bases of the treaty, such as they have been sent from Vienna, contain one word to which great importance is attached, and which I confess I do not understandit is the neutrarization of the Black Sea, and which forms the first article. It is not the novelty of the expression which alarms me, but the real sense that we ought to attach to it. What does neutrality mean in time of peace ? It is evidently nonsense, orratheracontradiction. Can itbethat thereisan intentiontorepeatthefault committed withregard to Belgium,when it was understood that Belgium should remain neutralin any wars whichmighttakeplacebetweenthe differentnations of Europe. Thattreatywasundoubtedlymade against Louis Philippe, and took from him his natural ally ; but it is equally kmnosn that this sort of neutrality is only respected when a Power does not find it to be its interest to violate it, If by neutralization of the Blacik Sea is meant that no ship of war shall be allowed to enter the Dardanelles, it is precisely what existed before the war. If by it is meant the convention made betweenRussia and Turkey under the guarantee of the'other Powers, which provides that neither of those States shall have ships of war in the Black Sea, it cannot be termed a neutralizaMtion. If, then, this word had a meaning,- it would be necessary to be-ieve that even in time of war Turkey could not make use of her marine, neither to annoy the coasts of Ruasia, nor succour her maritime provinces should they be invaded by land armies-which would be absurd. If Russia wished to attack- Germany, or taking advantage of the little energy put forth by the German States, wished to excite them against France, France would then not have the right to profit by her alliance with Turkey, and to transport her fleet and her troops to the BlackSea. It would bethe same if-British India were tobe menaced by Russi. We are then justified in demanding that the word neutralization shall be effaced; for on concluding peace it is absurd and dangerous to anticipate cases of war. "The Western Powers have reserved to themselves the right, independently of the four articles, to require from Russia guarantees for the maintenance of peace. It is quite evident that these exigencies ought to be extremely moderate; but it is equally evident that no one can pronounce that to be exorbitant that is indispensable for the security of Europe, that is to say, the re-establishment of the treaties of 1815, and such as they existed in 1830. It was for the equilibrium of Europe that the province taken' by RussiafromPrussia, herancient ally, hadbeen constituted as an independent kingdom, on the soil of which a Russian army should never place its foot. Now, what is the consequence of the present state of things? It is this-that Russian armies to the amount of from 300,000 to 400,000 men can occupyPoland, that they can in a few days march irto Eastern Prussia, invade Silesia, Brandenburg, and enter Berlin; that they can by a Blank march invade the vhole of Gallicia, and reach Vienna in eight days, and that thus masters of the whole of Germany, they can advance to the Rhine, and in less than one month invade France. " It is then for the common advantage of Europe to demand the execution of the treaties which have never been abrogated, and the re-establishment of those remains, poor as they are, of Polish nationality. If Russia refuse, on the ground of the insurrection of 1830, she can be answered that all should not be punished for one fault, and that at all events that has been sufficiently expiated." A private letter from Bucharest, of the 5th, gives some particulars relative to the measure adopted in the Principalities for the emancipation of the gipsies. The principle of emancipation had been proclaimed in 1830. The State itself, as a proprietor of slaves, I believe to the number of 80,000, was the first to grant them their freedom. Under the administration of Prince Alexander Ghika II. the clergy were also obliged to do so. The Bayards were the only slave-owners left, and a law was enacted, which, while it paid due regard to vested interests, was intended to effect the gradual and complete disappearance of slavery in the Principalities. The average sum paid by the gipsyto his master was 12f., and as the legal interest in Wallachia is 10 per cent., an indemnity of 120f. was awarded to the proprietor who, to prevent his exacting more onerous conditions from the freed man, was not supposed to grant the manumission of his own authority, but only to transfer or sell him to the State, who, in turn, gave him, without any further condition, his freedom for ever. The total number of these gipsy slaves in both provinces, Moldavia and Wallachia, was estimated at about 150,000, 80,000 of whom belonged, as I have already said, to the Government, and the remainder to private individuals. Some were employed as domestic servants, and the rest were allowed to roam about the country, and employed themselves in the tending and breeding of horses, manufacturing utensils, or exhibiting as showmen, musicians, or the other occupations incidental to a vagrant existence. For this advantage they were obliged to give security not to quit the Principalities; and if they were the property of the Government they paid an annual tribute of 30 piastres per head. The oppressive influence of Russia, who, in 1842, extorted from the Ottoman Porte the dismissal of Prince Alexander Ghika, though he had been named Hospodar for life, paralyzed, as might be expected, the progress of every beneficent institution, particularly when personal or political freedom was concerned, and transferred the government to the hands of the weLl-known Bibesco, whose follies occasioned the troubles of 1848. This act neutralized the application of the humane and salutary law of the emancipation of the gipsies. Stirbey, the brother of Bibesco, is said to have sold his slaves to the State, though at the same time he kept them on his estates as peasants. This example was followed by some others, who profited largely by it. When at the period of the troubles Bibesco was overthrown amid public indignation, the Ottoman Porte had the weakness to again sacrifice to the exigencies of Russia the rights of the country, and to violate them by not restoring Prince Alexander Ghika to power, whose mandate legally. existed, and named for seven years'Stirbey, the brother of the -fallen Hospodar, now so well and so unfavourably known to Europe. The application of the law of emancipation became as it were a premium of encouragement to the jobbing of the Boyards, who solicited favours at the Court of the Hospodar. The sums allotted in the Budget for the purchaie of slaves being insufficient for all the demands, the indemnity was no -longer awarded except by pecial favour, and the friends and partisans of the reigning Sovereign were naturally among those who were preferred. 15,000 slaves still remained to one family, and the 3inister of Finance, Baliano, is said to have possessed a considerable number. The two families foresaw, from the beneficent disposrion manifested by France and England in favour of the Principalities that, at the conclusion of peaee, a normal organization would be given to Wallachia, and that the first effects-of that organization would be the cutting short of the speculation on the law of emancipation. An undertaldng was come to with the Government, and a sale waseffected to the Treasury, for which obligations were, issued forthe indemnity of 120 francsper slave,; 'nOmniual,4' made over t4> the State, but still retained on the estates na peasants. There existed no plansible pretence for monopoly, and the Hospodai had recourse to a complete measure of emancipation5 which, whatever may be the origin, is undeniably a measure that will be attended with the best results but which is not without great advantage to the last proprietors of the slaves. To form a just idea of the measure, it must be remembered that the slave paid to his master an impost of 12f. on an average; that since his emancipation.he becomes one of the regular tax-payers, and therefore pays to the State 26f., according to the present assessment of taxation; that, moreover, being retained notwithstanding6 his emancipation, and being attached as a peasant to the estate of his former master, his freedom becomes still more burdensome, and especially more costly to him, since he is still bound to acquit the tribute due to his seigneur, and the labour or corvdee due to the Administration, calculated at 36f. a year, so that instead of 12f. which he formerlypaid as slave, he now pays aspeasant 62f. Onefavouredfamilyhasobtained by the measure adopted by the State obligations from theWallachian treasury, payable in eight years, for 15,000 families nominally emancipated, but who are retained on their estates as peasants. This operation therefore is worth about 1,800,000f., at the rate of 12f. per head indemnity, that is to say, 180,00Of. ren&t at the legal rate of interest for money in Wallachia, plus 108,000f. rente as tribute from 3,000 peasants, counting only one out of five peasants per family. The two sums give 288,000f., instead of 36,00f. at the rate of 12f., the impost received from their slaves. Such abuses show the necessity that exists for losing no time in establishing a regular organization in these unfortunate provinces, and in rendering it impossible for any one hereafter to repeat them. We read in the Covstak1diwp7e Journal of the 9th inst.:- "Ouraccounts from the Crimea are of the 6th, but they mention no fact of the least importance. The cold was intense,-and the sea had frozen along the coast, but particularly in the ports of Kasatch and Balaklava, and in the roads of SebastopoL- The ice, however, soon disappeared. Ther men who suffered most were the porters and labourers recently arrived in the Crimea, and not yet inured to the climate. The cannonade from the northern forts continued uninterrupted. It was remarked of late that they threw shells into Sebastopol. Eitherto they had only fired bombs against the town. This substitution of pro. jectiles induced a belief that they had received a fresh sapply of war maMrid. Although their fire was directed with a sagacity which tended to prove that they were informed of all our movements, the results they obtain are far from compensating them for their waste of labour and gunpowder. Nobody can account for their motive in keeping up so useless a cannonade. Another spy was detected a few days ago. That man, whose doings had been watched for some time, was arrested in the Piedmointese Camp, in the domicile of a friend, who will also be brought to an account. This spy, who never left the camp, corresponded with the enemy by means of fires and signals, and it was observed that tho Russians invariably fired upon the points where a nmnber of persons were to be stationed for a certai period. In spite of the measures of prudence adopted en those occasions, an odd bomb falling near the spot where our men assembled showed that the enemy was daily apprised of what was gomg on in our camp. This arrest has been followed by another. A Russian, whose principal occupation seemed to be fishing, but whose movements soon became suspicious, was lik-ewise taken into custody. The military administration of Balaklava has delivered 2,500 permissions to reside there, and enforced measures of local security more rigorous than ever. The provision venders attached to the English camp, who belong to all nations and whose antecedents are unknown to the polce of the allied Powers, are to be expelled from the Crimea, whether they be furnished or not with regular passports; and non-commissioned officers of the English army will alone be anthorized hereafter to open retail establishments and canteens. The intelligence from Trebizond is of the 29th ult. The cold in Asia Armor was excessive, and the snow and ice had rendered the communications most dangerous, even with Erzeroum. The Ottoman army at Erzeroum anxiously awaited the arrival of the reinforcements lately landed at Trebizona. Its Commander, however, wav..without any apprehension, as the city,Lin the event of an offensive movement of the Rtussians, was perfectly able to defend itself. The greatest part of the Egptian division wvas encamped near Trebizond, where staff officers of the army in Imeretia had arrived to prepare quarters for the troops of Omar Pasha.The Turkish Generalissimo was still at Redout Naleh, and his army occupied positions a few miles distant from the towvn. Ferhad Pasha, the chief of his staff, had arrived at Constantinople from Redout-Kaleh. General Williams and the other English officers, who were to be conveyed to St. Petersburg, were still at Tifls, where it was believed they would remain until their exchange. Tahir Pasha had been sent by the Commander of the Army of Asia on a mission to Constantinople. All the officers of the artillery of the Anglo-Turkdsh Contingent had been ordered to quit Constantinople and join theircorpsat Kertch. M.jMurray, the English Ambassador, who had left Teheran on the Gth ult., with his entire legation, was, by the last accounts, on his way to Tabreez, whence he intended to proceed to MossouL It was believed that ML Bouree, the French hMiister, who did everything in his power to obtain satisfaction for his English colleagne, would be obliged to follow his example." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 90c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the new Loan at 68f. 50c.,; Orleans Railway shares, 1,200f.; Great Northern, 895f.; Strasburg, 910f.; New shares, 772f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,180f.; Lyons to the Mediterrnean, 1,300f.; Western of France, 785f. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 697f. 50c.; Great Central of France,585f.; Lyons and Geneva, 700f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,430f. ; Aistrian railways, 787f. 50c. Cours AuthentiTue.-PAnRs, Jan. 22.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 94f. 94f. 25ec. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 94f. 94f. 25c.; Four r Cents., 83f. ; Three per Cents., 67f. 25c. 20c. 10c. 15c. 6. 30c. 65c. 60c. 60c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 67f.- ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. pd,67f. 75c. 68f. 67f. 9Dc. 68f. fc. 10c. 26c. 30-c.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 67f. 75c. 68f. 67f. 90z. 68f. 5c. 10c. 25c. 30c. ; Bank Actions, 3,250f.; Credit Foncier, 53S.; ditto Obliations of 5001., Three per Cents., 365f. 362f. 50c. - ditto Tentes, Four per Cents., 971f. 60c., Credit Mobilier, 1,405f. 1,420f. 1,412f. 50c. 1,415.1,410f. 1,415f. 1,430f. ;Discount Bank;, 62Sf.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 8Sf.; ditto Three per Cents., 50. 50e. ; Austrian Five per Cents., 83; Rente de liaples (Rothschild's), 1ll 59) 112; Romans, 83; Spanish Three per Cents., 384; ditto Interior Debt, 36. Exchange on London, t s ghit, money, 2Sf. 371c. ; three monthls, paper, 241. 9oc. ; meney, 241. 92'c. AUSTRIA. (FsoX OUR OWN conRRsroNIsNT.) V1EN"A, JA. 19. The Vienna diplomatists are still occupied in dicussing the conditions of the armistice which is to be concluded, but nothing is likely tobe definitively settled until the prehminaries of peace, with the signature of the Russian Government attached to them, have arrived from St. Petersburg. In socalled well-informed circles, it is afflrmed that the commanders of the belligerent armies have already received instructions to suspend hostilities, but there is reason to believe that the assertion is incorrect. The Austrians, although they have not smelt powder during the war, are fanatically inclined to peace, and therefore when the Peace' Congress has met, France and England will probably have occasion to observe that Austriawill play the part of moderator rather than that oI thorough-going disinterested ally. The propositions just accepted by Russia contain everything that Austria can possibly desire, but it is not so certain that they contain everything that is requisite to a definitive and- satisfactory settlement of the Easterm question. The free navigatfin of the Danube, and the abolition of the Russian Protectorate over the non-united or schismatic Greek subjects of the Porte are matters of vital importance to Austria, and she will therefore take excellent care that they shall be settled to her complete satisfaction; but it is doubtful whether she wil display equal finnness on the other threepoints. if theDanubian Principalities are to be secured against future inv=sion on the part of Russia, Chotym oughit to form part of Moldavia; but positive informnation haslkeen acquired that thatffortress is not inclaude in the BDxisarc territory to be -ceded -by Russia. -The. fortre-q of 1=1ail and Kilia will be a sufficient protectiou for the lower Danube, but the Prath line will not be xafe until the Moldavians, or rather the Turks, are in possession of Chotym, Ismail, and Kilia. It may appear sosnie what presumptuous in a non-military correspondent tcr express an opinion on such a subject; but a glai ez at any good maps of Bessarabia and Mfcdavia Will show every one, who is in possession of' an average 4are of intelligence, that what has been said is bitt the simple truth. My presentiment as to ihe third point-the neutralization of the 331ack Sea-was not unfounded. It is understood here that Ru-i is not only to retain her now existing forts on the coasts of the Black Sea, but to reconstruct those which she has herself destroyed ; and& it is even afirmed that theWestern Powers take the same view of things. In my opinion this last assertion is not correct, as it is impossible to suppose that France and England, who have done all the hard work, will be satisfied with the empty shells, and permit Austria to devour the oyster-id est, to have all the profit. The fifth pro. position, which is extremely elastic, was at first rejected in toto by the Russians, and now the Austlians affect to attach but little importance to it. What is meant by the following words ? " The belligerent Powers reserve to themselves the right that appertains to them of bringing forward, in the interest of Europe, special conditions over and; above the four guarantees." Is it in the interest of Europe that the Aland Islands, which are within 40 miles of the Swedish coast, should be transformed into a second Sweaborg. Is it in the interest of Europe, of which Turkey is in future to form an integral part, that the roads and harbour of Sebastopol should be commanded-by the artillery of the northern forts, and that the Caucasian coast should aoain be larded with Russian fortesses and block-hbuses. These are matters which will be discussed at the Peace Congress, and public attention has therefore been thus specially directed to them. The Austrian papers have now received strict orders not to print any article which could give umbrage to Russia. Prince GortschaLoff is said to be indisposed, and his Government has recently made him "eat so much dirt" that it would not be surprising if he were seriously ill. The Russian Minister, who has a very high opinion of his diplomatic talent, is inconsolable that he has been so signaly defeated by Count Buol, whom he always affected to look down on. It has been said thatPrince Gortschakoff was aware of the intention of his Government to yield at the last moment, but such could hardly have been the case, for when Count Stackelberg arrived from St. Petersburg, and learned from the Russian Mlinister that the propositions of the allies had been accepted *, his astonishment was so great that he was inclined to doubt the evidence of his own ears. A Russian Cabinet messenger is expected to arrive from St. Petersburg on Weednesday, the 22d. Prince Gortschakoff yesterday had an interview with Count Buol, but it is believed that he has not yet met Sir Hamilton Sey. mour and M. de Bourqueney in council. General Count Stackelberg will have an audience of the Emperor to-day. The general impression here is, that Russia would not have yielded if her internal affairs had not been in a very precarious state, and the Militi(r Zeituni,g thus insinuates that things are not exactly as they ought to be in the Russian army in the Crimea:- "It is not clearwhat considerations induced the Russian Government togive such an unexpected and satisfactory de. claration. We are inclined tolattribute the complaisance of Russia to the energy of our Government, and will, therefose, not attach too much importance tocosmunications r- ceived from the Crimea, in which it is hinted, that the spirit of the troops is such as to give cause for well-founded Alarm. We must suppose that our correspondent has judged of the feeling of the whole army from the conduct of ! small part ofit, -as we eiavho highest possible opinion of the disciplfie of the Russian troops."' - Some little importance must necessarily be attached to the foregoing, as the Vieuna MilitUr Zeitussg is, to all intents and purposes, a Russian *rgan. The Kalisch correspondent of the Oesterreichisdhe Zeitun, who was ignorant that the propositi6ns of the allies had been accepted, wrote on the 15th that during the next campaign Russia intends to act strictly on the defensive in Europe, " and to inflict severe punishment on the Turks in Asia, where they are completely forsaken by their pretended protectors." The Concordat polemnic is carried on with great energy, and much is written for and against it. Dr. Fessler, a Catholic priest, wrote a work containing some 200 and odd pages in defence of the Concordat, which was not sent to press until it had been revised and touched up by one of the most influential persons in the Ministry of the Home Department. The measures of the Italian bishops are still severely censured by the civil Government, but it is likely enough that this is done merely to lull the people into security. While the Constitution was still on paper, a certain Lieutenant-Colonel Babarezy, who was attached to the Court, wrote a pamphlet against it, which was disavowed by high and low. -Public feeling, was, however, so much excited that the gallant officer was sent to join his regiment. As M. de Babarczy wassupposed to be in disgrace his work was forgotten, but the Constitution was soon annulled, and the militaxy author again taken into favour, promoted, and d6cori. Half a dozen figures will suffice to show to your readers how necessary the Vienna-Salzburg Railway is for the travellmg public. A person going from Vienna to Munich must, if he. desires to reach his destination speedily, go by railroad across Dresden arid Leipsic. The distance from Vienna to Munich, by way of Saxony, is about 860 English miles; the distance, when the Linz-Salzburg Railway is completed, will be but 310 English miles. The Frenuen Blatt learns from Rustchuk that the first 25 waggons for the British Land Transport Corps have been sent to Varna. They are very strong, though light articles, and each is drawn by four horses purchased in Wallachia. The drivers, &c., are Mussulmans, who receive clothing, rations, and 10 piastres a day. A corporal has the care of five waggons, and an officer has 20 under his command. The superior officers are all foreigners in the British service. The horses bought here and in .Hungary are said to be in a very sad plight. There has been a slight reaction on Change to-day. Naturally by telegraph DENIAARK. (Fox OUR BREEN CORRSPOWDEmT.) *.i]UAN, JAN. 2L The oflcial Barlinygsd Tidning denies the existence of any such circular despatch to the diplomatic representatives of the Danish Government as was 1ately described in the Russian organ; Le Nord, as discLaifing, all solidawit withSwedn'in the matter of the treaty lately concluded with the Western Powers, and expressing the determination of tho Danish Government to continue to maintain the neutrality hitherto observed. The Sound Dues Conferences were formaly openedat Copenhagen on thes4th st., but the business transacted consisted of little more than the presentation and verification of the different cre&'en. tials. The Russian Commissioner von Tengo&rs'i was the only s-ecially nominated deputy there. The Danish papers for a long time obs.r.ed thei most perfect silence on the subject of 'dhese Vonferences, and it was not tiU thle 14th Inst. that Dagbladet favoured the publio; with i;@ few particu-. lars from a private so'arce. According to this statement the Xinist&r von Scheel opened the proceedings by- anno'lucing that Herr DINAi, the ci-devant Minister .'?r Foreign Affairs, was deputed by the Governm6mt to represent Denmiatk, after which communiQation he 'vithdrew; h6 -assembly was composed of t2we representative3 of 12 States. Herr Bluhme proce ededto develop6 a plan for the capitalization of the Sc 'md Dues, and of thle other 'incidental payments, bSr3ed upon a mixed calculation of the imports and exp -rts of the various nations. At that. part of his s, ech in which he'described Denmark as having colne for-ward to meet the others half-way, he was interripted by Herr von Tengoborsi, who mained that it was Russia that came half-way to mC'.t Denmark, seemig that the former had no desire a t all to capitalizE her share; Hamburg and Meck- ±enourg bad also already -- declared they had no desireto commute their-payment of the Sound Dues for a fixed =n down. The speech of the Danish Representative was answered by Baron Lagerheim, therepresentative of Sweden and Norway. As allthematerials had not been collected that the members thougitnecessary for their deliberations, more particularly the reports of the Sound Dues from the years 1841 to 1847, the conferences were adjourned till the end of this month. The deliberations seem hitherto notto have been conducted in the most regular and tranquil mannerpossible,for it ismentioned that it took considerable trouble to get a protocol ornlinntes ofthe proceedings drawn up and agreed to. The expectationthat had been forinedin Denmark that the Countess Danner would, at the commencement of this year, be elevated to the rank and title of Duchess of Wagrien, has not been fulfilled, st-il less that she would be proclaimedcQ(een. TheKing has contented himself wvith ordering that her name should be introduced immediately after his own in the Staots (leander. For the tranquillization of his subjects, the King speaks in his Rescript of his marriage with his present wife as "for the-present and for the future morganatic." The Rescript itself is thought to betray some marks of irritation. It was generally understood that, at the formation of the present Ministry in 1854, Herr von Scheel had given the King a promise that the Countess's name should be introduced into the Staets Kalender, or Court Guide, with the forth coming number for 1855. This, however, took place only to the extent of mentioning her name among the holders of Crown fiefs, and not in the general list of persons attached to the Royal family and Court. It is believedcthat Herr von Scheel has made an indulgent treatment of the late Ministers, and, if possible, a quashing of the charge of high treason against them, the price of this last concession. Letters from Copenhagen of the 14th inst. speak of three English steam corvettes having just lately arrived there from England, for the presumed purpose of capturing any Russian craft that might be tempted by the mild weather and open navigation to steal home from the ports that have afforded them shelter during the recent blockade. One of these three steam corvettes left Copenhagen on the afternoon of the 14thinst., sailing southwards, that is to say, taking her course for the Baltic. One of these corvettes seems to have been the Driver, Captain Warren, who landed and repaired to the British mission. RUSSIA. We have received the St. Petersburg journals of the 15th inst. The Invalide Ruesse publshes the following extracts from Prince Gortschakofs journal of military operations from the 14th to the 20th of December, (26th of December, 1855, to the Ist of January, 1856):- "The state of things in the Crinean peninsul has not changed; on the left fank of our position the chain of outposts on either side continually attack each other. On the 17th (29th) Decemnber, a party of Frenchridemnen having stealthily crept down between the bushes as far as the hill of the lighthouse, strmck into the direction of KourZne, and opened fire against two of our companies. Some carbineers from the latter replied with success to the enemy, and compeUled them tG retreat. " On the 18th (30th) of Dec., the allies laving remarked that a reinforcement had been sent to Colonel Oklobjio's outposts in the pass leading to the valey of Baidar, beat to arms, and sent sharpshooters to the hiU of the lighthouse; the fusillade which ensued on this point lasted for half an hour. " On the 19th (31st) of December, a loud explosion was heard on the south side of Sebastopol, near the lalakhoff Tower, and two other explosions followed in the dry docks. On our side we continued to throw shells ag-ainst the camp pitched on the Fedukhine heights. The burstimg of the projectiles against the huts and tents annoyed the enemy. "F From Eupatoria, under date of the 1th (31st) of December, it is reported that 16 squadrons of French cavalry, with two pieces of horse artilery and a division of infantry had left the town and taken the direction of the village of SaLi, preceded by an advanced guard of two squadrons. Major Dimitrieff, of the Dragoons of Mis Imperial Highness the Grand Duke Michael Nicolaievitch, who commands this portion of our advanced posts, having apprized the advanced guard of the advance of the enemy in superior force, he commenced retreating on Sald and Tch6botar, pursued by the French, who threatened his right flank " Major-General de Mitton, in conmnand of the advanced guard, informed of this movement, plased his Cossacks in the plain between Lake Said and Tch6botar, and sent two sotnias of the 55th Regiment to the village of Touza, in the rear of the enemy's squadrons,which had detached themselves and had maeantime been joined by two other squadrons; the enemy received by the fire of the Cossacks placed in the ravine, threatened with being turned bythe detachment from the viUage of Touzla, and seeing t-o regiments of dragoons and a battery of horse artilery appear on the Tchobotar heights, hastily rejoined the main body, near Saki, and half an hour afterwvards returned to Eupatoria. Daring the persuit of the retreating squadrons by the Cossackl, the French Captain Fouques, of the Staff, was made prisoner." SPAIN. Our accounts from lMadrid are of the 17th inst. At the sitting of the Cortes on that day M. Sagasta read a proposition, signed by him and several of his colleagues, declaring that the explanations given the day before relative to the Ministerial modification were inmsufficient, and that the Parliamentary forms on such occasions had not been complied with. M. Sagasta then developed his proposition. The re-organization of the Ministry, he said, had not been conformable to Parliamentary rules an.d principles. The Cabinet did not represent one and the same political idea. It was absolutelynecessary that the Ministry should possess aimajority in the Asembly, or that the majority should itself compose the kiaistry. General O'Donnell, Mlnisfer of War, said :-The proposition submitted to Congress contains the most unwaTArnted censure, not only of the conduct of the Duke of rictory, but of the resolutions of the Assembly. It that course wa erseverea i,twoulidF' be inpossible tto cofisolidate theworlk of the revolution of July. The Government, in reconstructing itself, observed and respected all the theories of t1ey constitutional system, for it consulted the Presidcmt as well as the two Vice-Presidents of the Chamber, one o whom sits in the Centre and the other owhthe Left. It swva to M. Portilla, and not to X.. de la - Serna, the- portfolio of Justice wa first offered. The bad state bf M. Portilla'a health prevented him from accepting it. As tv the dafngerous consequences of the policy of tle Cabinet, which, in M. Sagasta's opinion, is coiducting the country to an abyss,l must reassure him by telling him that the political situation wa nmich more difRcult a year ago than at preseit, and that, nei-er.theless, we successfully overcame those difficalties. ' The Carlists in Aragon, aind: the Socialists it Barcelona, -were vanquished, -nnd whoever-attenipts todistur'o public or4qr shal be sin ilarl ir;ateiL I Wind S.W. Sailed.-TTndeTwTittr, for NewYWorL.; Jue for -antes; Caledoniaf, for BalaklaN;; Thomasn Jeffer. son, for New Orleuim. Wina E. E.3OwN, J2L Sailed.-New Engj;nud) for Bordeanx; DelThi for New Bedford, Unfitad States.; BiWin and, Louisa, for Constautinople;rhs for.EBidos:;. Ellen,, for Eavre. (BY SUBMARWhE AN@D BRrS ZELWEArH.) GRAVESE;: WEDNE-SDAY, Di33 .A, wind S.W., tide onet.honr's flood, fine. Arived.-Prince of. Waes, fromGibraltas; Sir Bevois,fromMadrns; De V&renging, from ETggnond; Blakeney, packet, fromn Aen;: Bbruondsey, from Havre; Princess Royal, fbom. Xessm ;or,una from Cappehi:; EgmondAuzul,,fiom NieuLDiep. Sailed.-Jalawar, for Pbrt Phillip. DEA., WEDwESDx,r, 9:51 .&3L Wind W.S.W., moderate- Passed, 22d.-Bravo, fromr Sunderlnd, for Constantinople; Her MajOs3 ganloatsF stad Thistle, and Carnation,. fEmt Sheerness, for west. ward; Lord Raglan somw steamerj No. 245 transport, from Malta, fon!l;eptford. The Jablert, from New-Yer2h,,fnr Bremen, pasmeI Beachy Head on the 19th.. STOCK ECAGE. WEDNESDAY 11oEB-nE, U 0'0CLO. Consols for Money.. . ... 90 to 9Ok ConsolsforAccount (Feb. h .) 90; to, 90O Turdish Four per Cent. Scri .. 1 to ; dis. call on the Chamber to reject a pro miffm implyiig. an unjust vote of censure. Our programnWis weI' -known, it was proclaifned at Mauzanares, and siTh. sequently accepted by almost all the- Juntas. od. Spain. The lMIinister of the Interior next rose and -vindicated the Cabinet. The Mlinistry, he said, accepted the challenge of the Opposition,andwasreadyto - meet it on the ground selected by XI. Sagasta aid his friends. It must be known whether the Ministry possesses, or not, the confidence of the majority The policy and conduct of the Goveriu-ent will be in every respect liberal and constitutionaL We desire order and liberty. We wiMl energetically repress all attempt at disorder, and if the disturber of public peace should descend into the streets, thea iAnister of the Intericr will not remain in his canet giving orders, but will march in perso agafitst tllter -- ThIiites&tlsen withdrew from the hal, and the jroposithn. of 3L Sagasts having been put to the vc*was z;joct7ra madcty of 146 to 5'. SovrA1aivTON', IrEDINPADA 3TOWLN A-ive-AtaTh-r'i, steamtaif om v1-el ; Robert; Small, front London.- Sailed-Ohdine, steameri.forvrondbn.;; Rate;. for Cardiff; Se .steam4to tsp for:- Cor&;k;: John : and Cbnxlotte,-,foriGuerey;; PbultobandiClipper, for Newport , C*oline, forCowes;.SoutiWestern. steamer, for JamaF..y
CITY COMAfISSI01R OF SEWS. Yesterday a Court was held for the despatch of publiE business, at which MIr. Deputy Pescock presided. : THE GOUADI&NS OF THE YISHT LONDON Um?r Tr. Daw, the chief clerlk, read the following letter, ad. dressed to himself:- " East lodEonlUnion, Jan. 2L Sir,-I am instracted by the Boald of Guardians of the! East London Union to inform you, in reply tcyour letter of the 9thinst., requesting that certain information might be supplied weekly to the Court of Sewers, or to Dr. 1etheby, that tho returns made by the medical ofcerm of this union. to this board are deposited at this office, and are open to the inspection of Dr. Letheby, or any-peson appeo ted by him during the whole of Wednesday in every week. Iam, Sir, your most obedient servant, "A. IL BXYLIR, Clerki "Jr Daw, Esq., Clerk to the Commissioners of Sewer-." Deputy CONDT-Is the information offered in that letter all that Dr. Letheby re(luires I Dr. Letheby.-Yes; that is alL Mr. ABHAu&,%a said, he wasvery much surprised to finEa that similar letters had not been received from the other unions in the city. Dr. Letheby simply required to know of whatinformationhe could avail himsef in different parts of the city, so that his attention might be directed to thosE particular localities, and where he might learn whether there was anything in them calculated to occsion disease. He regretted exceedingly that members of his own profession should have been so extremely illiberal as to refuse the very small amount of information asked of them, and whs wanted to be raised to the dignified position of assistantmedical officers of health for the city, which, if earned out, would divide the responsbility between them and Dr. Letheby, and then nobody would know whom to blame for any omIssion. DePUty .atiso1- moved, "n at a comylmentary letter, acknowledging the receipt of the comnumeation from the cerk tothe guardians of the East London Union, be addressed to that body, thaning them for the readiness with which they had complied with the wishes of the commission." (Bear, hear.) Mr. T. IL HALL, in seconding the motion, said, it was very desirable for the various boards of guardians to obtain information which was usefl to the city generaly, and not costly to themselves. The motion was carried unanimously. TM EWV CEMXTEB'Y. lr. Daw read a letter from Sir George Grey, inquiring when the new buxial-ground for the city would be opened? Mr. Deputy HAAiBIsoN.-I move that an answer be sent to Sir G. Grey, stating that the cemetery is ready for opening at the present time. HI r. .L. TAYroL-And that the question a.pearp to be surrounded by difficulties, which have been raised by the clergy. Ater a short discussion the clerk was wdered to write a letter to the Secretary of State for the Rome Department, informing him that the ground was ready for ope nin as far as the Court was concermed, but that difficulties had risen respectng the consecration, which it was hoped would! shortly be overcome. 3ETHOPOLTrAN Beurla G ACT. The attention of the commssioners wl'As dravn to a report from lr. G. Smith, one of the district surveyors, respecting the premises No. 3, Queen's Read-passage. Noewgatestreet being in a dangerous state, the commissioners bemng empoweredl, under the MetropolitanBuildings Act, to act iu such matters. The question arose whether the commissioners should iappoint their own surveyor, or, as had heretofore been the custom, direct the district surveyors toe attend to business of that character. After some discussion, it was agreed that the matter should be referrea to the district surveyor, the commissioners, deciding in accordance, as they conce'ved, with the terms of the g9th section of-the act, which is as follows:-" Whenerer it is made known to the commissioners hereinafter named that any structure (including in such expression any building, wall, orotherstrocture, andauythingafflxedto or projecting from any building, wall, or other structure) is mia danerous state, such comnmissioners shall require a survey of such structure to be made by the district surveyor, or by Some other competest surveyor, and it shall also be the duty of the district srveyorto make known to the said comnmissioners any Information he may receive -with respect to any structure being in such state as aforesaid." EDICAL orCE's nRIsORT. The following is the weekly report presented and read by Dr. Letheby:- " Tuesday, Jan. 22, 186 "Gemtlnen,-Tbe inspectors' returns, which are now beforeyna, relate to 145 .houses which have been visited durintbh last week; and I beg to submnit a list of places requinng yonr orders for their sanitary improvement in vanous particulars, especially of drainig and water supply. happ,end,-aausaal,-thcnmort;lity returns for the city of I,anuon for. tha-weekc ending on Saturday last. The totbi' number of deatb6 aunnts to 63, of wvhich 3Owere males, ar.d.A3 iesnaee. Of tlhee as many as 26 occurred am'oam infauts lmadee 8veyears of aze, InA10 were amongthe -I - whio-hadpessednlpwv.ds ot iOwinters. The chief cause!"t death were plhUthliss pncrnonia, bronchitis, asthma. auc booping-tee h-)l diseases of the respiratory organilii 'sides w i there were three cases of fever and t. of sma11po- Altoeher the mortality is a little abc±so* Me a gt.ebolotrtoreriu. , Gentlemen, - ' "Your obedient servsal - t~ KLET YB ThaC UZt thtadjourned. - o ...
- - FORFIGN INTELLIGENCE. - PRTTq.liTA. A pestion of thet follovWing 1,M&ied in 0= wwn tinotited: : (FROm Om OWN CORIFSPONDZNT.1 BBELIN, JiA. 20. In spiteof every diavowral that has proceeded fr *:, and even from Dresden, on the subject of Baron son Seebiich's mission or joumney to St. Petersburg, I think it right to mention the subject again, as being not without interest with reference to the approaching coAferences. I have already informed you that heTwas understood, on his return, to be empowered by,therRussiarn Government to "continue his endeavoursforpeace in theFreneh capitalon the pri.- ciple% already advoeated by him at St. Petersburg." :e is since then reported to me to have been empo*ereda in.the event of conferences or a congress benig brought about, or for the purpose of bringing one about, to make still farther concessions than were coutained in Russia's first conditional acceptance. This plan has, however, been frustrated by the peremptory demand of an unconditional acceptance of the five points by Austria, making it incumbent on Russia at once, if she would not see the Austrian :rinister leave St. Petersburg, to accept them unconditionally, as far as words go. The result is, however, practically the same; whatever the words may be in which the preliminaries have been accepted, there must be conferences held to settle the adjustmnent of the details and application of the principles, in -which it will be competent to Russia to bnng forward new propositions, and endeavour to make them plausible and acceptable. The attitude observied hitherto byRussiatowardstheAustrianpropositions rendersithighlyimprobablethatshe intendsto submnitto them in their present form, andthe nature of the fifth demand, containing -as it does only the unknown germ of various (officially) unconimunicated demands, is such that Russia cannot have accepted it unconditionaly- in the fullest sense of the word without actuaUly surrendering at discretion. In addition to the despatch forwarded to Prince Gortschakoff in Vienna by the Russian Cabinet, Count Esierhazy was enabled to telegraph to his own Government on the 16th inst. - that Count Nesselrod& had handed him an offlcial memorandum to the effect that Prince Gortschakoff was instructed to ;iccept unconditionally, the Austrian. Irop- sals; and a preliminary convention, of which they would form the bases, is- to be. concluded in Vienna. Vienna letters, emanating from good sources, mention the umistakeable willingness of the E:mperor NWapoleon to accept mnoderate conditions of peace as having been the influential motive at the last moment that induced the Russian Cabinet to take the decisive step of an unconditional accept.ance; and, in connexion wvith thia demonstration on "the part of the Emperor of the French, the problSi4'ity of Paris being chosen as the seat 'of' the conferences is put forward.- Count BenclkendoriFarrived here on Thursday morning, having, like Count Stackelberg, been much detained on the road, and, - like. him too, he was the - bearer of despatches and comamunications which had long been superseded by the' rapidity of the telegraph and tb,e urgency of 'ciWrmstances. On the- previons evening also Prince -Iebanoff, the Secretary of the Russian Legation, arrived here, bringing despatchea from St. Petersburg ; and within an hour of his arival a coiurier wasdespatched back to the Russian capital. Those who profess to know sorneviwhat 6f the tenour of the various despatches received on these occasions by the Russian Embesy state that they by no mneans favour the idea of an unconditional acceptance of every point - that maiy be brought forward at peace conferences.- It is true however that any such despatches must have been drawn up previous: to the resolution being taken in St. Petersburg to accept the proposals unconditionally. I am of opinion, however, that. the use of this latter expression will make verylittle difference in theactaal results.: Since the courier above-mentioned was despatched another was sent off on Friday evening, in the person of Herr von Poggenpoul, the Russian ofiieux contributor to the ,Tord, ana vwho was to hiave been the editor of that paper if the Belgian G:overnmenlt wvould have permitted him to reside in lBrussels. NAPLES. (FROM OMw OWN COiRESPONDn=r.) NAPLES, JAN. 8. I have already alluded to a vague report of a projected league for defensive purposes between the German and Italian States being neutrals in the pending war. Of course I speak of it still in the same sense. I know, however, that such an alliance Would be mnost favourably regarded by Hlis Majesty;. nay, more-that at the time theUnitedStates' treaty waS under discussion the Sing expressed his regret that some neutral league could not be entered into for defence. It isnot unworthy of observation, too, that during the last two or three days the official journal has published a review of the nmilitary forces of Germany, and of the continaent of each ruember of the Federation-a fact wmhicY has served still more to confirm the believers in the report I llavementioned. Another much favoured project of His Majesty would be also an Italian Confederation:, similar to the Germanic, and efforts have been wnade to induce men to write it up. The union of three despotic States, however, on such principles :S 4those on which the Germanic Confederation is based. is- something so absurd, so incongruous, that the bare idea of it can awaken nothing butridicule. Since the fall of Sebastopol the relatioinsbetween the Austrian and NeapoElitan Govern- llents have been drawn even closer than they were before. Up to the time of that event Russia was alteogether in the ascendant. She was invinciblethel, allies would be driven into the sea; but the resuhl Las caused the triumph of Russia to appear vroblematical, and has bound Naples closer to AustrLa. The most, however, is made of the captlure of Kars'; it is fabulously exaggerated, and in the clubs it is asserted that India is in danger. It is a godsend to the " codini" of Naples, and Sebastopol is, therefore, said to be avenged. Much has been said of a new Concordat between this country and the Holy See. It is impossible, say many, that things can gO on in the present state. The comparative independence of the country of the spiritual power is incompatible with the theoretical acknowledgment of its supremacy, and, therefore, some new arrangements mnst be made. There is not,however,asit appears tome, theslightest parallel between the cases of Austria and Naples-the former lhad much to gain, in Italy at least, by such an ap' proxiulationr to the Papal Court. On the contrary, it is the political question which would prevent Naplm from binding herself more closely than she already is.' Conterminal States, as are Rome and Naples, there is and always has been' a degree of jealousy and soreness, between- the two countries; hence the political Sovereign of Rome is brought more prominently into view than the representative of St. -Peter, and the resistance, which is offered to the former will alwaysprevent that complete subjectiot to the latter which might be observed in another ar.d more distant State. Among the clergy themsel;e3, too, of this country there are two parties; one pa^rty defends the rights and regalia of the King; and another advocates the entire supremacy of the Pope inl all spiritual matters. It is curious to observe the most thorough absolutism thzus contending against another absolutism, and working in the interests of liberty. The present Archbishop of Sorrento, formerly the instructor of the hereditauy-Prince, was removed from his office as President of PubEc Instraction. Why ? Because lIe was an advocate of the unlimited power of the Pope ; on the contrary, a Sicilian has lately recommended himself to favour by defending the reg,alia df the King. The subject might be gone into much mo*e fully, butI mus content inyself with showing reo for the opinion that second edition of an Atirna Goncordat between this country and Rome s highy improbble, nd wouldbe- in sirong oppo- sztXon to e he spirit of i&dependence of Rom ewcl P"edominates here. I 4hUll wind up this letter by noticing au act lately committed hero which,'in the artistic world, 'ms created as much ridicule and indignation as did the outrages of Mazr.ini the political world. The grupof the "RapeoftheRabbis,!whichhasadorned oW *Villa Resle ever xince the timnaof charlesM ., - "In Aotely been removed from the.public gardens ¶Ikgaroup is a copy of the celebAratcdwork of John e Po,logna; and has never *walened, I hould lhve nee, one prufient thought , butwihin thelast *wek it has been conde mn Iaffllu,pin canvs I and sentofftothepronsoftheMuseum The samei it;i said,-will bedone with theb " QRape of Eropa" -nd the ' Rape of Proserpine,". now! in the a Rle; The V enubof"tlsel eun are already lockced up, as is the Nereid ; and' one unfortunate' Venus, the Vincitrice of Capus, which had escaped priestly wratb, is to be laid hand on. Condemned to be "no better than they .should be," they Will be put under a lock and key-a! fact ! This in a city where the foulest sights and. acts present themselves to the passengr every hour in the daywhere a " foreign" lady can scarcely walk without blushing !-and all- the3e` impurities which befoul our streets mights be pr.evented by stringent directions to,the police,.emanstingfrox the men whose modesty: i'5 h;ked by a S.bine or a Venus. It is right that, in the intere3t3 of art, such absurdities should be nmade Lnown tothe civilized i-orld. ThreeCouncil. have been held this week. Among other things done has been thb reappointment of. the Duke do Cesario to his Court appointments. He lost thein during Mazza's reign for having censured an order to place a police'guard under the palace of Sir William Temple. The Duke threw unself at the feet of MIajesty during Christmas, and 'W3a pardoned. Another act of the Council has been to a,pprove the progrmmmo .for Iayin> .the frest stone or cutting the first turf of the Brindisi Ra3ilwy. This ceremony Will probably be performned between 't.he 2%Jtl and the 26th of this month. Mioney has been found at length for the iaiIway from Nocera to Salerno. Rothschild las come to th'e rescue, and 500,000 ducats have been forthcoming. The papers were all signed on the mbrning of the 8th. This important line will connect Salerno with Naples, and doubtless wil be 'extended to Caposele, at the extremity of the vast plain of Salerno, perhaps 70 miles in extent. This latter place will become tho depot for all the productions of Apulia and Calabria. I understand that nothing more will be needed than to lAy down the rails from Salerno to Caposele, so weU adaptediis this g-round for engineering purposes. The demand of, L. ,Brenier was to export " grain, oxen and miles."' The former was positively refused; the laiter hasbeen granted. it is no favour, thouggh, for there was no prohibition. Still it was wise to anticipate any opposition which sp capricious a Governient mig,ht make. Of course asimilnr demand will be.made forthe British Government. Anofficer of our .ommissriatisherefromMalt3toascertainifitispracticableto earry outs acontret whichhasbeenentered into with the British Government for the supply of our army from this country with 4,000 tons of hay. The thing has been found impossible, for the simple deason that; as usual, we have been anticipoted, and ry little grain is left in the country; for another reason,'t;hat five guineas only have been offiered for the ton; wherea's hayis s,elling at Gl. I am assured that within the last, two or three days a merch-ant anld banker lir offbted to Government a bonus of 20 carlini a. cantaro.for the exportation'of grain, but has beeii refused. The exchange has risen within the last t6vor three davs 10 points in cohse4uence of the tim' having- arrived for the payment of the dividends. It has again faixen 2 points, and nowr stands at 526.
OUB MILITARIY SYSTM. "In an army contempt for organi=tion is nothing les than contempt for hu life."-Balye4 Intendant MilitaArC. - TO THE EDITOP OF THE TMES. Sir,-As each succeeding week of the dismal and dreary winter brought-further confirmation and more ample details of the "Jhorble and heart-rendine' condition of the British ariiiy in the Crimea, the Aberdeen G6vernment w33 'at length compelled to yieldto the storm of public indign ation. Incapable of reforming a vicious system, and unable to suggest an effectqualremedy, it adopted theiWhige cre forall diseases,the orthodoxpanaeeaforallevil-a comnussion, with its inevitable- baister of seven years' standing. What remedy so 'facile of application? -What cure so void of trouble to the physician ? It affords a ready answer to all troublesome inquiries, a brief reply to all unpleasant complaints. "Suspend your judgment, the case is siub jutdice, the real truth willsoon be known, and the commissioners' report willset all things right." Accordingly, comnissionsto inquire into the various branches of the army were organizedbysthe score. %e had, first, a commission for'thahotitals, consisting of Drs. Spence and-CCumming, ind Mr. MAx-welQ, barrister-at-law. Thbey.proceeded to Scutari and the Crimea, with ample power to report, but witi no authority to alter or amend whatever they might.find amiss, or to remove inefficient or incapable officers. Their duty was not to relieve the patients, but simply to report the evils under which they suffered. Meanwhile-the soldiers perished by thousands, and death in its most hideous aspects reigned and revelled in the'hospitals. But this duty, Emited and simple as it was, the commissioners 'did not performn; for bhr. M1axwell told the Sebastopol Committee,. that, although he thought the great defect ofthe hospitalswaswant of head, he did not make any statement to that effect in his report. Private benevolence and your active energy organized a scherae, which, with the able assistance of your almoner, and of Miss Nightingaile, with her heroic band of nurses, rescued hundreds of brave fellows from the grave, and smoothed the pillows of those whomn no mortal aid could save. The next commission was sanitary. Drs. Sutherland and Gavin, and MIr. Rawlinson, civil engineer, composed its mem'cers. These gentlemen proceeded to Scutari and the camp,' abated many nuisances, cleansed many abominations, formed sewers, drained swamps, and, with the aid of a band of scavengers, brought the hospitals and camp into a much more healthy condition than they found them. M. Soyer-a host in himself-was despatched as culinary commissioner. The Englishlan is not a cooking animal. He knows not those savoury messes, those dainty ragouts, which a Frenchman will compound you from araba beef or with the hardestpork. Not only can he not make bricks without stramw, but he is unable to do so though the requisite materials be forthcoming. He requires instruction, and must be taught to prepare the food wherewith the Commissariat provides him. This being the case, he never by any chance cooks his meals when at home; he is untaught in the commonest rudiments of the culinary art, and has therefore no resources in himself when campaigning. 'I. Soyer's lessons have been as invaluable as his dishes have been nutritious. The hospital kitchens, arranged under his superintendence, are models of perfection, and the rations are found to afford ample materials for the soldiers' food. A commnission was next sent out to inauire into the Commissariat. Great complaints had been made of this department. lt was said to have been lax in obtailning supplies and in distributing them when obtained. Sir John M'Neill-a most competent officer-was therefore despatched to inquire into its doings, and, fortunately for the welfare of the army, he remained for some months at the head of the department, to the great advantage of the troops and much to his own honour. " It has struck me most -forcibly," said Lord Panmure, " after a11 I have heard and.learnt as-to the state of the army, that thegeneral ataff of the army requires to be inspected from its head down to its lowest member." General SimDson was therefore despatched to inspect and to aict as chief of the staff. What report he sent home we know not, but I much question whether he has performed LordPanmure'sundertaking for him, and "made the Adjutant-General and Quartermaster-General's departments far more efficient than they were represented to be at the outset of the campaign." Qwis cusfodiet -isem- culstodem ? Who shall report on General Simpson ? Finally,-a committoe of the House of (Commons, wans appomted to imabuire into the system of educa'tion at theRoyalMilita College of Sandhurst. It has examined. many' -competent witnesses, and made a report, on 'which I shal take leave to comment -hereafter. - Incredible as it may'appeir, the "confounded public" was actually dissatisfied with the banquet provided by its Mnisterial caterers. A fresh batcl' of measures was therefore announced, and promises were freelymade, whch, upto the present moment, are altogether unperforme-'- We were told by-Lord Painoiuro, some tenmonThi since, that S ' "'The Emperorof the Frwnch sent out-2n ofcer to see with his owneyeg and inqmire into the .*hole po0itionof. the6asmy; and; having tidx foIl-and omplete survey, to report the resulta. The Cabinet 'hx, therefore, 'detn-med to follow the mi eoune. 'We propoea to send out an officer, who will report, to usthe wholejitate df the- army- and its conditioi physical and morbl' Who' sillJ- cominunicati with Lord Ragln and be able to mform the -Government of his. views. For this appointmentwiUlb&requiied an ,fflcer of some standing, in whom the -gratest 'onfideu'ce can be r6posed, betweea whom -ant thfrVosamander-in-Chief of the army no jealousy can exist. -We hope at an early period to Esecure the service of such an of fleer, and I trust that when' -hadwthe Govermuent will be euxbled toewithrcForence to the army-with more effect a.nd succes than hitherto." A-year his nearly elajaed aince this undertaking was given and this promise made by the Minister of Wm.z There could, surely, be noc difficulty ik find- ing, among the general officers of the English army, a lerson competeuttofulfil thetask required of him. she* nmes of Sir. Howard Douglas and of many others afford answer mffficient to any such suggestion. And yet Lord ?anmtrre did, not profit by the example of tfie Emperor NEapoleon. -General Neil's mision v.s- of tho mostta consequence; General Neils report was piroductive of the most important .results. It placed at the head of the French army rhihat Pelssier, a conder of great decision, of active nind, .of untiring energy, trained and mature&in the art of war. It substituted-at all events for a time-activity and daring for listless. nesiand orercaution. .It causedathe attack on the: !damelon, the storm of the Iftaakhoff, and the downfallof Sebastopol. Had Lord Panmaure succeeded in .discovcrinig 'an officer of some standing in whom the greatest cenfidence could be placed," it is not too much to hope that the Englisb arxnywould have captured the Redan, and havobeenthencommanded by some other General than one who, to use the words of *a " StaSflicer,"displayed " an unprecedented amount of stupidity in decision, and a gross, culpable, and shamefil lack of care and energy in execution." It has been for years a sabject of complaint in our army that no decoration is given to the inferior officers and soldiers for distinguished conduct in the field. The medal is bestowed on all who have served in the campaign, without distinction, and is, therefore, comparatively unprized. The Order of the Bath seldom graces the breast of one below the rank of colonel. Fighting side by side with the Frenchi, our men have seen their alies receive, at once and on the scene of action, the military medal, which is never granted but for distinguished conduct, which entitles its wearer to apension, and which a Pelissier and a Bosquet are proud to number among their most cherished decorations. So long ago as the month of December last year, the Duke of Newcastle, in accordance with the unanimous desire of the army and of the public, declared his intention of founding an order, upon the principle and model of those of Maria Theresa and. St. GeorSa of Russia, for the purpose of enabliEn common soldiers, as will as offlicers1 to obtain zailitary rewmrds for distixiguished services.. His dismissal from office prevepted his completing his scheme; but in the early part of February Lord Panmure stated, "that much consideration is required to. be given to the mannerin which sutch honours ought to be conferred, bat no time shall be lost in enabling us to reward immediately, and on the scene of acton, the gallant deeds of our army." MIonths have elapsed, many a ga'lant action has been done, many a noble. fellow wounded and disabled in his country's service; but a contented conscience and Od. a-day pension are all the reward they have yet received, or are likely to get. The King of Sardinia joined the alliance and despatched his army to the Crimea after the date of Lord Panmure's speech.. Sardinia possessedno order of military merit, but she foiunded one without delay. Its statutes are settled, its rewards distributed; Marshal Pelissier and Geherals Simpson and La MBrmora have already received its decorations. Lord Panmure may take example from the Sardinians in this as in other matters relating to the army. Ee has had time enough and to spare for the "much consideration" he required. If there was one departmen.t more tlhan another which was responsible for the horrors of last winter, it was the medical department at home ; if one official more incapable than his brethren, it was Dr. Andrew Smith, its " director- (qTusi lucus a non lueendo) general." " In no'department is a change so much required," said the Duk-e of Newcastle, who also "could not say he did not think Dr. Andrew Smith responsible for many of the evils that occurred in the hospitals." Dr. Andrew Smith iiformed the Sebastopol Committee, that his health was breaking, that he was aware of it, and that his only reason for not giving up at once was, that he "might have an opportunity of stating his case before the committee." He stated that case with unexaraplea verbosity, and disappeared for a time from public view. Lord Palmerston informed the House of Commons on the 11th of May that " the medical department of the army was about to be immediateIy remoddelled at home. Ne vpersons will be placed at the head of the department-a lmedical -man and a civilian-both under the immediate orders of the Secretary for the War Department, with whom it will rest to give all directions for the management of the medical department of the army, and to regulate the appointment and promotion of persons in the department." Now, up to the present moment no step whatever has been taken to carry this most vital reform into execution or to remedy this most crying eviL The public was lately startled by the spectal apparition of " Andrew Smith, Director-=eneral." All the world thought hls official existence had come to a closethe wish was fathertothethought. He reappeared on the stage of active life to renew his old worlk of obstruction, and to stop the way for useful reform. What could the assistant-surgeons, know about it? Theywere too young, mere boys, indeed, when compared with their "Director-GeneraL" Mleanwhile, no branch of our military system is so much or so justly dissatisfied with its administration as the medical department. Performing their duties vith unexampled devotion, great skill, and utter abnegation of self, the surgeons and assistan t-siugeons of the British army have been passed over unnoticed in the distribution of honours, and have had no share of the increased pay granted to their civil brethren at Siyrna and elsewvhere. At length they determined to state their grievances and present a petition to Lord Panmure, praying for redress. This at once rouses Dr. A. Smith from the state of somuolence into which he had fallen. He had-told the Sebastopol Committee, that he was informed the whole medical department of the army was to be reorganized, and he was told in what way. In that case (said he) "I iust retire because I could not continue to hold the position, if that reorganization took place." That reorganizatibn take place, indeed! There is small chance, seeing it would deprive the public of the services of Dr. Andrew Smith. He is the Old Man of the Mountain, and has fastened his legs too firmly round the neck of Mr. BulL It is vain attempting to dislodge him. Incapable though he be, he serves the purpose of a lVar Minister. Prosy, prl'Oix, and feeble, he will ever be ready to deny all unpleasant allegations affecting, his department, and to "state his case" writh senile garrulity, in oanue volzi2is umvum. So much for promises unperformed, for anticipated reforms nipped in the bud. I will next proceed to consider those which have been carried into execution and which already bear good fiuit; a much more agreeable duty. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, kUvU-1lvJrvUIALAJ.
THE WEST BLIDMNO POLICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-The public has probably had enough of the West tiding and its police, and more than enough of mgelf, and perhaps also of my friend, Mr. T. IL IngKin, who natually seems a little startled when the concl~usions necessarily involved in his arguments are placed before him. On these grounds, however easy the task might be, I seek not to make any reply upon.the personal-or ";local matters" containediln his letter which appears in your paper of 'the 18th inst.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~t I would, however, entreat your indulgence for a few mwords upon the subject of reformatory schools, especially astheidea wouldappear to be entertained by somethat these schools may he consdzeredjas a substibute for a rural police. The, schoolmaster may ultimately prove the best -policeman; -e isnot o as yet eare neither Mvals o0rcompetitors; eachhas hls appointedwork. Ap. point the one, and the other follow almost as.ecesry. complement. So far as We are able to iudge, both in actire and efficient operation would appear alikeo essential to the accomplishment of that "~reat end"vwhich, as you justly observe, " we-all have in vew-namely,- the diminution of lAncashire, ,ou say,. " is far behind other districts in the endeavour toa establish reformitory schools." This. ma'perEipg be true. The sutbect, however,' has been frequentl disetsed m prinmte, and nowastndgfor the publicconsiderstiou of the nagistrac at the county sessions at Pre6ton, in A ji nefit ' ~But, should Lancashire then prom £la_tm&rd in this good wo&l,the fact wi1L scarcely frnidsh an. argument to my, frieu~d upo'nlthe single qLuestion underdiscussion between nanaely, the neessity of a rural pdlico in West York. 1 an, Sir, your. ves obcoientservant. .TONATRAN PhV1. linowlmee KAnor, Jan. 19. Tr = -Ru Ns AT 1WATZHAN L.-A letter fromx Dronthieimn, in -Norwa&y, dated.tbe 3d, say_s :'-" Trayellers 'from -Archangel state that the Rusiin Goi'ernijent is at psenteausingE tobebuiltintho docbirYar of that port six = (gae~and -20 gtf ots,. a1l ont te screw principle, anid -that they Will be Lcombpleted before -the end of the winter. As there ire not at Achangel ilifficienb re"la every ran nowing .hoir to Bse an axe hasbeen forced to' take pat an the work. At the same time the old fortifica. tioas are being repaired and enlarged, rnd new ones are
RETIREMEYT OF MR. - MACAULAY FBOM - I PARLIAMENT. The following farewell address by Mr. MacauLay i was published to -his constituents in Edinburgh r yeterday (Tuesday) morning:- i "To THi ELECTOiRg oF ED:on QGH. "Gontlemen,-Very soon after you had done me the high honour of choosing rae, without any solictation on my part, to represent you in the present Parliament, I began to entertain fapprehensions that theL tate of my health would make it impossible for me to.repay your kdndness by efficient service.' During some time I flattered myself witlb the hope that 'I might be able to bD present at important divisions, 6nd `ccasiona-y f6 taale a prt in important debate& But the expeience of the last two years has convinced me that I cannot reasonably expect to be ever ain capable* of performing, even ip an imperfect manner, tlaose duties which the public has a right to expect from every member of the House of Commons. "WY¢r meanwhile have borne iwith me in a manner which entitles you to my warmest gratitude. Had even a small number of my constituents hinted to me a wish tbat Iwould vacate my seat, I sbould have thought it my duty to comply with.that wish. Butfrom not one singlo elector have lever received a line of reproach or complaint. If I were disposed toabuse your generosity and delicacy, Imight, perhaps, continue to bear the honouxable title of Mlember for Edinburgh tiU the dissolution of the Parliament'; b'ut I feel that by trespassing longer on your indulgence I should prove myself unworthy of it. I have therefore detekninedtodissoive our' connexion, and to put it in your power to choose a better servant than I have been. " have applied to the Chancellor of thg Exchequer for the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds and I have every reason to believe that the new writ will issue on the firDt day of the approaching session. This notice will; I trast, be ling enough to enable you to make a thoroughly satisfac. tory ¢hoice. "And now, my friends, with sincere thanks for all your] kindness, and with fervent wishes for the peace,, honour, and prosperity of your noble city, I for the last time bid you farewelL. "London, Jan. 19. T. B. ITACAULAY."
2Vhe BISHOP of EXETER and Dr. LUSHINGTON. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TThIES. Sir,-It would bo impertinent in me to defend the Bishop of Exeter; and it would be very unfitting inmeo to con tinue a newspaper discussion on the solemn subjects involved in the letter of "D. C. 12 Thero will net be wanting a fitting person and a fitting opportunity for both of those duties. But, meantime, as you have permitted " D. C. L." to speak so decidedly from his own point of view, it will only be according to your wonted sense of even-handed fairness to allow me to set before your readers what has to be said on the other side. One thing, I think, is plain from "D. C. L's" tone-and it has been my ovwn conviction from the beginning of this suit in the ecclesiastical courts-that the real question at issue is, not whether certain external pieces of furniturb, but whether certain positive statements of doctrine, ihall temain in the church of England. I have no great sympathy with the prominence which has been given to the importance of a " credence table." It is the only article objected to in our churches which I should least unwillingly resign. It seems to me quite indifferent whether the elements are brought from a " credence table," or from a ledge in the waU, or from tho ,vestry, so that they are brought at the proper time, and placid and offered on the holy table or altar by the proper person. Bit I differ altogether from "D. C. T12 on wvhat he calls the "point or gist" of the matter in hand. It undoubtedly is a point-an important point-the "point of time at 'which the elements are to be placed on the table f but the gist is rather in the person by whom they are to be placed. And, first, to dispose of this point before we speak of the time at alL "D.C. IL.s" usual custom has been, when there is to be a communion, to place, before the service begins, the vessels containing the elements at the back or inner side of the table." " Custom" has not, I presume, made any distinction between the back of the table and the table. Whoever, therefore, has, by custom, placed the elements on the back of the table has done that which the rabric distinctly says, the priest, and the priest alone, shall do. And if custom has left this duty inthe hands of a clerk, or a sexton, or a churchwarden, custom has clearly broken the law. It is just as trae as that there was a year 1662 thatthe priest, and the priest alone, was appointed in that year " to place upon the table so much bread and wine as he shall think sufficient" for the celebration of the holy communion; and if "D. C. L." knows anythingabout the divines who so appointed it-Cosin, Sanderson, Gauden, Heylin, Gunning, "eaison, Sparrow, and Thorndike-he will soon satisfy himself of the reason why. And now of the time. Read the rubric throughout-it foll6ws immediately after the offertory. Whilst these sentences are in reading, the deacons, -churchwardens,-or other fit person appointed for that purpose, shal receive the alms for the poor and other devotions of the people, in a decent basin to be provided by the parish for that purpose, and reverentlybring it to the priest, who sha ll humbly present and place it upon the hoaly table. And wvhen there is a communion the priest shall then place upo4n the table so much breadi andwine as he shallthink sufficient -after which done, the priest shaU say 'Let us pray for the whole state of Christ's church militanthere on earth."' I could not have believed that any child could misread directions so plain as these, which, nevertheless, so learned a man as "D. C. L." has failed to see. "Then," he says, when the fact is decided that there is to be a holy communion, " the table at the communion time shall have a fair vhite linen cloth upon it," and it is then, he says, that the elements are to be placed upon the "back of the table." But, 1, the fact that there is to be a holy communion is decided the week before, or it is fixed by rule; 2, the ichen. of the fair white linen cloth is "at the communion time ," and, 3, this " back of the table"is a phrase new tome and-to the Prayer-book, anrd outdoes in liberty aJl the oitrages of WVheatley andthe Bishopof Exeter. I do marvel at " D. C. L.'s" oversight of the last words of the rubric-" after which done he shall say." Is the sexton-when he has placed the elements on the "back of the table"-" before the service begins'-to say, " Let us pray for the whole state of Christ's church militant here on earth"? Or who isto say it, orwhen? Yours faithfully, JAMIES SEM1NEI>. St. Barnabas Parsonage, Pimlico, Jan. 22.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I fThc Tims ofthismorning yourowvn correspondent has written home a few remarks personally regarding myself, which I trust yor will allow me the favour, as a matter of justice, to reply to. As to the statements which appeared in a London paper regarding the Turkish Contingent, which he writes he is in a position to contradict from information derived from various-sources, I shall not now question, it -not concerning me; but what he has written regarding myself is totally at -variance with the facts of the case. ecwritesas follows:- "Mfajor Guernsey was Provost-Marshal; he saw three nmen coming out of a house with empty bottles, and, without inquiry, attempted to take them prisoners. Two escaped; the third he captured, and flogged him without further invesfigation. The Turk shouted, '-Help to a Mussulman ? :The cry was promptly rsponded to, and Major Guernsey would have been, probably, -murdered had not assistance come. It was for hLs conduct in this affair that he was sent home."- Now, instead of three men Nith empty bottles, I found, in company with Major Hill, 1LA., five Turkish soldiers, froim F?rt Paul, four miles; from their cantonments, plubdering a house, the owner and his famil of children knocked down aud in terror of their lives, aslhe deposed to Geineral Michel. I ceortainly secured theringleoderand hadhim punished. As to the Turk shouting, "'Help to a Mufuhpan I" it mnust have only occurred to the affrighted imagination of the person who gave your correspondeA the information. - Thiere. is Sio dodbt I should have-been murdered by an infuriatedmob of scoundrels, headed-by a Turkishl captain of the7th Regiment ofthe Contingent, had-Inothadassistance at and,- which saved the liveg.of the ProVost-Sergant, &c., ,present, who unfortunately were not allowed- t carry any arms; but .that aseistance cause from a Colt's revolverI had 'in iny belt, which use& effectually after being .hnicked down, and wrned them-ir -Turkish of the ooisequences of throwing stones, together with- seeing asoldierof the 71st .H i andeis wounded-by a- ciniter.- -I 1&- also assistbda by Captain Walker, of the Coutmgcent, riding ting down a felow wbhile in the act of felinz one of my men with a stone. - It-is perfecy trae- ws sent home by GenerAlVivian-formy conduct in. this affair, bht it is equally true that the authorities at the War Department have demurred to it. - The. following- officers,' who were present, deposed- to-my coolness and self-determi. :nation at te tme,-andthat it-saved the livro of All the Europeans present from-the fury of the mob, who verysoon dispersd when theyperceivbd- : would not be tridled with.. -namely, MaorMiller. 8Oth Regisnent), Major Hill(Royal Artiller7k2CAtai - Sby {39th Regiment), Snd Captain .Walker lndia Seri Iavebesides, the wntten approval of three generalohioers, dll stating I only did my Apologizing fort tr s3n to such x lengths, I have the onur to remain, Sir, ;Your most obedient serrant. W. GUERNSEY. |lte F'ro2 ost-anlsial at Kertob. Criumu Lno,Jau. 22.
UR J. P. :rAY SEUOTLEWORTE ON. MEDIfJA -AD i:NERAL EDUCUION.20 _-AN Thaeannal distrib'ution of prire;, it t h mt School of Medicdne;Manchesteritook place yesterday after non, when Sir- James Ray, Shuttlew.orth, was invited toidd-ess the itudeasand ojciateasidistrilibutr -Thira WM a large attendance of EeCi. men as well as of the studennd their frdi - Sir T. RAY SHTvrLxwo1TH;, in sising to discharge the duties dtvolving upot- him, as warmly.appLauded'<e said,- Thaccepting your intation t distsilbuve the annpzl prizea at tbis school of mekiine, } do niot- feel mp~elf entitled to radfless you it lengta -on the more recent events of medical science. 0 fae poll yofs~ar diladuda.ion:if wo-old he presmu3ptuous for me to treat in detail, bat I may be permitted to contemplatethe e era but Ia than- the internal economy, of such institutions as thi, medical schooL. Such a review of the external -ltio of -the art and the school may be justioied on many rounds and amongthem on the following. On the one hand, the ait of 3medicine is affected byeverything wbichplroinotesthe' o"t ofthe sciences,and aasobyourwhole mtellectual listory. On the other, itis not merelyan artwhichexplores the phyaal. constitution of man aud the subtle laws of mind, but the condition of that art is sig ,of the state to which civiEza. tion has advanced. The interval between the mistery man and lippocrates, or Sydney or Harvey, marks the distance between savage and civilized life. The researches of the alchemists for the "mazisterium" orphilosopher's stone wFere attendea by a correspondingmovement in the art of maedicine in search of a universal remedy. In the 13th century arose, for the first time, the idex that the philosopher'sstone possessed the powers of healing disease and of restoring youth. This idcea was developed from the opinion that the vital powers were nothing else thana chymicalprocess; with thephilosopher's stone it waspossible to healmetals of their maladies, to render them healthy, to convert them to gold ; and the idea that it must have a- lke effect on the human body naturally auggested itseif With the revival of experimental philosophy, which distingauished the close of the last and the beginning of the present century, the art of medicine wAs affected not less by the progress of the exact sciences than by the form which metaphysical philosophy assumed in the nort' and soutY of Europe. In the middle ages the so-called scholastic philosophy, by diverting the attention of the learned from the observation of nature and a system of induction, and expending the thought of Europe on barren speculations on subjects beyond the ibmits of human research, and on disputes of words, substituted a school of sophistry for one of. philosophy, and prevented the growtth of every form of science. In modern times, metaphysics have excited an equal, though happily a 3nore useful, influence on the progress of trath. The philosophy of France led it away fiom idealism, even to materialism and scepticism. The researches of the profession in France, however, produced a great improvement in almost every department of structural pathology. Before this period diseases of tlhe heart had not been distinguished, many diseases of the heart and lungs were unknown, dropsies of the chest were attributed to general wealness, and not tothe obstruction of the circulation in the heart or great vessels. 7iany other grievous errors were corsnmitted,which it is not my province to point out. Now not only are the diseases of the heart and great arteries, the lungs and the pleura, scientificaly classified according tothe accurate resalts of these discoveries in stractural pathology, but, by means of a much more refined and searhing form of physical diagnosis than bad e4fore been conceived, these changes of structure can geneialy. be detected with unerring certainty. In these discoveries the names of Laennec, louis, and Andral deserve to be held in the greatest veneration. A similar advance was made in the pathology of the brain and nervous system, which, when combined with the great discoveries of Bel, Majendie, and Flourens, as to the functions of its different parts, has thrown a flood of lght on this class of diseases. The progress of structural patholegy in the classification and diagnosis of diseases (if the abdomen has also been great. Bint in the great assimilating system it is obvious that chymical pathology maust come to its aid. This has been illustrated by thoelbours of Frtont, by the discovery and descriphionof albumenuriabyDr. Bright, by therese rchesimto oxaluria, and especiallyby the recent remarkable inquiries of Bernard' tone of the functionsof theliverinnthespplyof sugar to the blood, and those respectugthepancreatic auidto reauce fatty.matters. While in France the tendencies of its philosophy wrere opposed to ideaLsm, Germany accepted the spiritualismof ranbuiltup a system of metphysats, some of those chief dochtines had been rejected by the sensationalists of the Wiest. Ahong its religious sects s philosophy was often projected into mysticismr Ontthe other hand, a daring spirit of philosophical inquiry pervaded its histo'rical researches, which was, howvever, rather critical than scepticaL. But even the critical labours of the Germans partake of their tendency to hypothesis. They reject facts and theories with a hardihood as great as that of the ecnyclop:edists, but the rejection of the literal interpretation of a myth is only the first step tothe adoption of some generalization by which they fil the void they have crieated. In the exact sciences they have, in Eke manner, until a recent period, been distinguished not so much by the laborious collection of facts as by the boldest exercise of the imaginationandreasoning faculty, in anticpating the results of observation, orin supplyng hy,cothesis to group together phenomena in the midst of mnvestigation and analysis. Among themost sterling examples of the success of this npethod 3re Goethe's theories of the types on which the vegetablewhorld is forme, and his anticipation that the stll would be proved by conmparative anatoy to bo a deYonopment of the vertebral strutuerse In like manner the influence of these modes of thought and investigation may be traced in the German faculty of medicine. The early periods of the cultivation of the art are marked there, as elsewhere, by empirical -observation, but they are distingushed by a constant tendency to hypothesis. You are aware how great a part the use ef thc mineral avaters of the German spas (found along the "reat spine of rocks which crosses Central Europe) pays ini the remedial agencies of the Gerfan art The resort to these spas commenced in the period of superfical observations, a century and a-half or two centuries ago, and it has continued through every stage of the advance of medical science, Dutil the waters have been accurately analyzed, disease has been dlassified by the strutural pathology and deteced by the physical diagnosis of the heart, and the whole series of empirical observation have, in some dearee, been arranged under theso lights of modern scsence. l)uring the whole of this period, however, the phenomena arented b the use of these waters have been hype nthecommadexplained by reference to. a humoural pathology. GermNany has been the great laboratory of eccentric. innovations in medicine, which have spring from her idealistic habits of thought. Witness the unexampled rapidty with which the tories and practice of Habnemann and Priessnitz have spread over Europe. Where they have not commanded conviction they have modified the state of the art. Not only have the doctrines of hemceopatfts appeared to me not to be derived fromn any philosophical iethod of induction, buttobeirreconcileable w othpra mciles ohich have heen thus proved, andhave obtained usuversvassent. We have now enteredon a period of severenriticalanalysis and observation, which will subject: alihpotheses tothe most microscopic scrutiny. Let us not forget that our own treatment of scurvg by a vegetable diet and citric acid-the more recent appication of lemon juice to the cure of rheumatism-the use of iodine-in cretinism, goitre, and strumaons disease-and the treatment of a large ciass of maiadies by the ulse of fatty matters, such as cod liver oil, are rather facts -evolved by empirical observation than logical, industrious, pure scien tihi, research. The Frenchand German chymistshave of late years entered on a common path of analysis and inquily, which tends towards the£gradual revelation of the secrets of chylmcal pathology. while intGermany Xdlicker in histological, ande -okitauskyin pathological anatomy, have more than rideled the Etrucuralr esearchesof thelWest, Liebig,dtioer, and Lebmnausre, fellow-labourers wvith Prout, Provost, oithnas, Brogeiart, and Bousinault, in their researches into organic, physiologbical and pathological chymiatry. National distinctions in modes of thonghtand investigation are disappearing as rapidly as national ceetunue, anid the science oI Europe new appears to obey thela,s of induction exvounded byour ow Bacon. The recent s rogressof organic cbymnistry, combined with the discovernes in histolo"ical anatomy, poin ttotwo of the regions of research in w'fich we ;now the least, and in which saccessful inquiry would now probably raise omedicine from the region of the artdto that of theo sciences The whole of the great phe nomena of.ithe vegetable and animl whorld result from hue operations of living organisms, chiefy on the ntmosphere and on -water. The forests, the-verdure, the harvests, the Vast herds of. cattle, the fierce- and -wild creatures of| the desert, and, even every variety of the humlan species; are biit so- iuch-condensed- air, 'con-ibined in| sj,eciflc forms-by the vital forces. - Ev~en the vast store of fossil-vegEetable mintter which constitutes our coalfields,j isa vialrvoir elsiely'of carbon, formerlyabstractedby liinug organisma *from watery vapour ber'oni c. acid' gas, nitc acid, -and ammonia, which formerly ocecupied in a much greater proportion tho lower. stri.tui ofthe~airtban atpresent :and from which reservoir the -stores of the atmosphere will-l* replenished'with the chief food of vegetable life, and the fuel of animal exstence,fofa grehtdevelopme.tIf both. Chylmists liave rceehtlyrevealedtoussthechaiin of mient.31 depeondenee which connoects animal-and veg'otable life. * If wre had the analytie porwerneeded for the definition, esbould.l find thatch ehangeocscr in eVqey'disbase,bothinthe soiEd strhctures And huinors of thebody. . The e-xpeience of, thes is been pequired, first, to clasify diseases according.to: theirexternal p en6inena; then,' to -orect the lasdifica-tiovaccording- to the ebanges of 'stricture which -attend' them ,the; to addtothediitinctioutof smptomtologytbe stricter:, analysis of physical diagnosis; adind ltljr, in the ' labWgrs4of Pron6t, of Brit, and Bernard, to define di by ihuigesto be deteed only' by chyicalvestigatio ,-.n& thus;to lay the- only truo .basis of. a . chymical - patholoy.. 'imnal and vegetable physiologyalready rest npon reults of ebymicalinquiry, and willyeld furthef secrets to tlhe mico dop, to analyais,-and- toexpeiment.I like nunner, the. phenomena of diese must. be invoiti6ated. The, dseoveniesefflr. Sen\elweiss-as to he mode of :tEe proaa tibi-of pierperal fever by. the cadaverous no- o,.an r Budd's discovery of one mode of the dsemination of itholera by* . posn evolved in the ealy tg ftedcm pbAbionof-t opecifie ecretionsi aro factswhich indicate though they. may uot prove, the influnce of .ir on the c6estitutiou of the blood, and the actior of that flnid in a Sate of a disease on the solide Parts. But pr the s fperimentutn cscis of this departhat of , oberation consists of the discovery o£ Zenncr. -In the 'modifcation of the virus in the aA- Qg.the cow and the mihtigain of-the diseas consequent on this change,it it' sureynot rasato discern a great fact in lumoural Pathobg. 2h~also, all:obserra tions on thoas extern a - cause. of F., J aeare undert'he influence cisanitary precautions, andpDint fteto4h: influnen of spe ificpoisons or to,the depraving e ~o malrixand other noxious nfluenoes chitftyon the blo.The. xnicroscove shows, not only that the smiallest anima%leul rorganism-is -a s ac-I mb,i biJg I d but that the Among the most familiar facts- of physiology,thefi~e the lier-to separate the bile, or of llhe kidneysto remoyeth6 urea Efrom the- blood, is known as the source of an nlitanatejyfatal irritatoc. In lilke manne, thIle Circulation i3 aretd -ntepulmonary capillaries if t'he carboni be- tot removed from the blood;3 and a elsler I patient m2 be &1aneY recoved fo anpparently deathlike ola by the infusionof a saline aolutionintb the v-eins IBft we 'are at present- as little acquainted with the maode in which qummnie acts as an antidote to Tniah fever as with the -natureofthatchangeintheoonsa,ionwrhichprel,6tsthee~. curvenaeofsm alooxaftere erton.Ameongthsupwctso inth -M an'soi&%andthe sueceastul uenceoof manyLny therapeutic Agents, familiar examples of .whieh are the.. -artien of lemo juc in scr orihematism,or of animal foodin dabees. notersphercof -ivestgation in chy. inical pat'hology lies in those chymical changes of structure wphich ehitde both the naked e" xid the microscope-. in diseases of the brain, ipinaa.cord,gn whether raarked by debility - or sdspension o faunctional powver; by. the irritability of weakness, spasimodic or sInterinittent action, or irregular distribution of force. The researches into the functions--of -the nervoits systemr bave hitherto been chiefly prosecuted bymieansof structural.Pstbogy-. We are now approaching a period whilen thoee 'i"vereies -which tend t-o group light, lheat, dlectr ty, and ruatnetism as raodifications of the action and manifestation of one suibtle agency may enable urstodefine thepart-whcb, they pulain the animal economy, under the inifluence Ifthe vitu force.. Sir James proceededto observe on the iunFortanCe Of -vital statistics 2n the rast field of etlolo, and in the comparison ofterpuica'Ira tionis. 1 Somne, of the laws governin- the diffusion of epidemics had. been discovered by tihe comparison of facts collected over a: wide field of observtion. Mledi-. .cine rose from ani art into the dignity of a science, in -proortion as it employed every power for the observation "of nature which general science yielded. The art could! never be generally raisedl into a sciiende, unless the schools tf maedicine 'were regarded as parts of the great University. of learning. The Ministry of Eclucation which wotad soon exis in ngl nd mst apply itself to combiine them into o~ie hrmomos*colege, presialngobver-mnedical education andpublc ealh,and forming one department of the great isbverit oflernig.They had a uigbt to demand umi. foxnit ofqlilifcatonturogotth e-United kingdom in ech f th thee rnksof te pofession; a perfect fedmof practice untrammelled by medizeval privi. I 1ages; and a representative system which should-provide for the incorporation of the profession- into one great self.. governing body, in relation to wvhich the Miniitry~ of Educa. tion miniht rep,resent the central power of the State. - Tn Wanchester (continued Sir James) yu haeagrnsa school which has beengorernelwithortfnswo and success; but this great city hsfrotrw-h e- sources of that school The timne has arvdwe o must e.tearfain the 9uestion of foundingbodgndhh schools, so situated m all the suburbs, as wl snteer of tlis great city, as to be accessible inL every neighbou.rhooD. This Mdinistry has before it the task of reorganizing thne instrnciion of the miiddle classes by the reformation of the grammiar schools and the foundationL of borough and rural schools, in which the course and miethods of instructiorx shall be such as to afford to -commerce and trade, and to the .industrial and medical arts, ev-ery resource -that can be derived -from the great era of discovery in experimenta 1phiosophy vihich has succeeded the revivalof letters, and Wrimthe diffsion ofan acquaintanewithancient,, medllevaL, and modernart. But you havez argt to expet niore thant an efficient preparatory course. Y~ou hare a right to demanad that what is te-chnical in your schools should not 7 be regarded as a narrow ipecialty, but as ai rtof a cotirse of colleg'iate discipline and learning. without invading the provce ~cof the prest, the physicianstood in a position to teach, even from te laws of thLis life, the first steps of the ascent to a mnore spiritual existence. Ilis relation to the commurnity was in harmony with that whicxho bheld in the family ; and the progress of sanitary mpoeet was ulcniarly under the direction of the combine observatiorns of the whole body of practitioners of the art of medlicine, in any city or town. The last time tha he(Si J P.KayShttlworh)addressed a public assebly n Macheser as dringhe frstvisitation of the choerain 832 whn e eplanedto hecommissioners of polce he tep tkento itiat th viuleceof the disease. mnore ta20years had passed bie Wasgau gi oa di M1anchester anid to congratulate the co~ratoncle into existence during the interval) upon all that a a c .complished for the removal of the then existing and great evils. He-wisheda,however,thatbe couldaspeak in assatisfactory tersnsof the attendance of theyouth of thisg.reatcity at its schools, and of the disuse of beer, spirits and tobacco, zs he could of the public spirit that had regulatedl its pDolie, Fewered and vedits streets, removed nui-sances, and.above all, expend!rthe wealth of a principality on it magnifcent water supply. After expressing his regret ht the phscn and the minister of religion were so little in concert in .hospitals and the haouses of the poor, Sir Jamesoconcluded zis fellows:--"Mever forget that, thouzgh you are not, charged, as priests, with the great nmessage Of reVelation to mian, you follow tule steps of disease 2nd death alike to the palace and the hut. You are witnesses of the equality of mian in the eye of Godl. Before you, miore than beifore any other class of men, is revealed the great mystery of the To he solaetwepyucmelnagded olring hsickness, t at the cocuino hch he distributed.the prizes1.
THB MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TI3ES. Sir,-Hnaving just read the letter of your correspondent, "F. R. C. S.," znder the above heading in 27ic Tirsa of this dav, it emboldens me to ask the favour of yourinsertion of the following case - The surgeon of the 4Sth Northampton Regiment of Mlijtia, then in garrison at "Ibraltar, Ur. T. U0oloy. M.D., and MR.C.S., died there in October last of dysentery, caug.ht in the performance of his hospital duties, leaving a wife and four young children (there wih him} without te means of present subsistence, or the prospect of ay future prevnsion. The widow tas seized R i a serios iliness, and, before she had entirely recovered, was Graced withte children on boare a resse for Iiverpool, tithor t ny attendant or friend, and with a slender stock of money supplied by tho benevolence of Lady Bihley, wife to the Ionu the interi aovf the toegiment.ul suhe an-d istubine prostrated in mind and body by hardships and privations, and died there lately, surrounded by her four orphans conunanctgofie of the regiment. h shbmel arriue in Dmbley Before her death was known a statement of the case lat made toDLordPanmere; his Lordseip's prempt replykwindly expressed his regret that "the regulatons by whichl he is gvovernedrdo not enable him to recommend 2ilrs. ,Uolloy to the Qseen for a penion in consideration of her hnsband's serices in the illinsa." In the militia ! Hrere, I presume, lies the stumbling-> block. Had he bren surgeon to the 06th 1 egiment of the Line, equally with the other on forein service at Gibraltarx the regulations ourld have enabled his Lordship to recon mend her to the Queen. Since the widows death another memorsal has been ad.- dressed to Lord Panmure, which is still pending. In the interim allow me to asl;, whyshould such a distinc. tionexist? The sameeducation andqnalHifcations arerequlired in both services, and they rm equal rislks intheperYormaucef of 'their hospital duties. That Ur. hMolloy had executed his duties in a proper manner is evidenced by the generous conduct of the regiment, wvho subscribed a sum of money for the wvidow and her familyF, a portion of wvhichl lately reached Dublin after her decease, the greater part whiereof was absorbed in the payment of debts and expenses consequent npon her illness and death. That their father had a public funeral and was iuried withrmilitary honours is a poor consolation to the children, who are left destitute by reason of anomaIous military regulations. A CIVMIAN. Jan. 22.
,CtrLivAao- OF Cozrox L-DiA-Iu the month of August last 171e Timcs devotea a considerable space to an article showing the result of certain improvements introdutced at Dharwr in the cultivation of the cotton grown in that extensive district. At the comniencement of the improvements in 1842, as stated in the article alluded to, tho l)Lmrwar or Compta cotton ws the least valuted cotton pro. driced in the aoirket; but it will be seen from the accom- panying extractofthe prices curent in Bombay of the 15th, IfD ecemherlast that not only has the Dharvrwnr American e d cotton realized a higher value than hitherto, but that the minew crop of the ordinary CoDmta coton now rivals in ee timation and price the best oottons of Western India. T he following is an extract of the prices current:- Rknraux PlinoDcr- Cott per Ciy of 7 Cwt.. new. Rp. Mrb BR= a;1,usndlumboobwer 34to 85 hDeoueraandEonugger . '83 = -Iangane... -.. 8S I Dbarwarareinied .. . . 110 Itwill thus be seen that the American seed cotton was 2t per cent. higher than any other quoted in the narkeL In these results there is a strong stimulus to futurt exertion. *t no one d"spair on aCcount of the oPawsition or ltietwarmnissof the Government oritsofficials. Thevalue of *thp cottons of Goojerat and tlw best cottonrrowng dis.- tricts has stood still, while the produce of the B6uthern Mh.ratta country has gmeatly extended, and tho value oE thb rcotton produced ha beeneiuanced nearly 5O per cetnt. there is no denying these facts, nor can they be too proininettly -or too frequently brought before the notice-. Athe indianaumthorities, e.speciallyat a moment when the-j -isajiosbiulityof our supplyof cottonbeingeutsborL Mi eim es full detail of the iunprovesents in the Dharwar cotton cultivation was set forth, and the articJe fully expoe Ithe pposition that had. ben offered to thesean :rotoements an the ignorance of the Governunet of indik on the whole subject. The reselt of the sles of the cotte ciops oE this year in the December iec Cvrns of Bon-. bay has folly verified the obaerrations wisch appeared in TheTimes andwill, it is hoped, attraettheatteistionof tho atnthorities in this country to. the important subject. The renort printed by Thc Tts,es was published in thie T-ndta * piCpers. It comsnented pretty forcdbly on the conduct o' t9oGovernneat officials, but no one has questioned. it(
RZVEBS11Y 1HTEZLIGENCE. n'%-(AR13 .Tiv 921 A short time since we published a letter from the Rev. M. Frice, commenting severely on the conduct of the ecx&miners for honours. It Wam suppoced to point particularly at Mr. Aspitel, and the following letter from that gentleasan in reply has been sent us for publication:- *- y dear Price,-I received on Saturday your printed letter, in which you bring grave accusations against m elf and my brother examiners. It is so ungenerous and u of misrepresentations that I must trouble you with a reply. I speak, however, for myself alone. *' 1. That you should be the person to charge me with general unfitness formy offiice appears very strange. After I had once been, at your unsought request, your colleague in the schohrship exAminations, it was through your recomriendation to the Proctor. without my knowledge or solicitation, that I- received my present appoi. tinent; and through your earnest persuasion I accepted it. Yet now yon leaps forwrard to accuse me of unfiness for 'what yon pressed upon-me. Into the question of my fitness it does not, become me to enter, ha yese inexperience I may have wvas fully known to you when you suggested my nessnation. But when I remindyon that, just six years ag, I read through the whole range of subjects for a first class with you, you will, perhap6, see reason to withdraw your insinuation that I know nothing of Ithe text books,' the ' mode of instruction,' or 'the limits of examination.' As to my judgment of the attaiunents of candidates, I can say thatlhave dhered to the standard of meritwhich you enpLined to me on ny first appointment. If,assoasay,you perceived the -error of judgment' six months 2go, yoa ought then, under the circumstances of my nomination, to have mentioned it in a private letter or conversation, and not now first in print. "2 . You charge me, fartler, with inabiLity to frame suitable papers of questions. Here you fall into several errors, which haty writing, no doubt, caused, though it cannot excuse. You say the qnestious were too ard because they were mostly of the nature of problemss'-a series ef questions, hardly one of which, or its like, the candidates 'had before seen.' The fart s, that out of 13i questions not more than 29 are strictly problems-about one-fitlth, not almost all; the rest being, either bookwrork itself, or exampIes of bookwork. "You complain that only six questions in mechanics are ft for a third-class man; but, if so, you omit to state that that is half the lower paper, and that, as usual, 25 questions embrace all that is given in the two papers on both statics and d nnc f10 par, you say, has only four questions withinthe r aange hs is Idisproved by the fact that more -were actually answered. Two more advanced questions were set for the sake of any who had need further. The r st, beiDng bookwork, all but two, are such as you considered necessary for me to read for my class in 1849; and I cannotthinkthatunderthe new system lessis toba required than under the old, especially as now a year, intead of a fortnight, may intervene between entering tho classical and mnathematical schools. You complain, also, that the examination ought to have been chiefly in mixed mathematics. If you think- it, you should get the statnte altered; but ny oath boud nde to examinue in pure as much as in mixed. t nid, indeed, seem expedient to give ter space than usual to the former; yet, ns the papers are not all eqanlly marked, their length is no criterion of their relative value; and, on ny honour, I declare that, in the result, thecandidate suffered nothing from this arrangemenst. "e3. Bst you have some tests of the surerior merits of the cnndidates. 'Three of them obtained fit classes in noderations.! Now, your experience of Oxford mnst have told you that early honours are no indication of what will ne ssbsequently gained. Of the junior mathematical scholars a Iart,proportion fall to obtain a first class, and not cue ban ever become senior scholar. " Inthe presentecase, however, younsay youknow, as tutor, your pupils' worth. Now, tutors and examiners must ncsaiyjuadge from different data. The tutor works Up gradually to his conviction of howmuch his pupil is capable of doing. The examiner sits as a judge to decide how much hehas done, and can admit no other prof of proficiency than the answers given at the time. ence we constantly hear of disappointed expectations, which are not confined to any one school. In Michaelmas, 1851, there was no cl0assical first class, though there were many candidates - and you may yourself rememlber that, when I contested the senior scholarship against otherpupils of yents yon affirmed the imnpossibility of my success, and yet had, as examiner, to reverse the decision which you had given as tutor. "Iwill add no more than that it is of the utmost importance to preserve the independence and the finalityof the examiner's decisions, for, if private tutors are to interfere and decide themnselvesthe classesoftheirpapils, the honours wmill fall under snspicion and lose their high public value as Universqty awards. "I am, my dear Price, yours faithfully, "EsFeAUNcrs AsHnrrEn, "P.S. I reserve to myself the right to publish this letter, and also any answer you may make to ir" JAyN. 22. In a Convocation held this day at 2 o'clock the statute making certain trifling alterations inregard to the CivilLaw Degrees was submitted and approved. In a Congregation held imumediately afterwards, the statute, chiefly formal, but touching the question of the place to be assigned to graduates in music at the Commemoration, was promulgated sfresh Sir F. G. Oaseley (Professor of Music) spo'Ice against the Lause, which caused the rejection of the statute in Convocation last term, and movedits omission. Mr. Gordon, of Christ Church, and Mrr. Thomson (Provost of Queen's) supported the amendment. Professor Hussey said a few words in favour of the statute, which were replied to by Mr. Hansell, of Magdalene College. The congregationwasthendi-ssolved. In a Convocation to be holden on Thursday, the 31st inst., at 2 o'clock, it will be proposed that a sum of money not exeeeding 250L. be granted from the UJniversity Chest, to enable Mr. Brodie, Aldrichian Professor of Chymistry, to provide sufficient appsratus for lecturing in that branch of The Boden Professor of Sanscrit (Mr. H. H. Wilson) Will commence his lectures at the Clarendon on Monday, the 4th of February, at 2 o'clock. The Prielector of LIogic (Mr. Wall) Will give a course of lectures on the Compendium of Aldrich on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at 1 o'clock, in BaDiol-hall; to commence on Tuesday, January 29. These lectures will be free of admission. Dr. Iee's Reader in Anatomy (Dr. Acland) req uests any gentlemen who desire to obtain orders to study in the Christ Church Mfuseum, or who may wish to have private instruction in anatomy and physiology during the present term, to call upon him in Broad-street, between the hours of 2 and 4 p.m., on Friday or on Monday next. The Reader in Moral Philosophy wil continue his lectures on the Philosophy of Kant on alternate Tuesdays, at 2 o'clock, begnninq on Tuesday, January, 29th. Hewillalso continue his lectures on the Nicomachean Ethics of Aristotle every Thursday and Saturday, at 12 o'clock, beginning on Thursday, January 31st. CAUBRIDGE, JkN. 22. TheVice-Chancelorbegsleaveto publish to the University the following report, which he has receivedfrom the Board of Legal Studies The Board of Le-at Studies, in propcsing the following portions of books as subjects of the eamination for the t'hancellor's Gold Medal to be holden in the Lent Termn of 1857, are desirous of drawing attention to the two principal objects prescribed to them, and by which they are to be guided us their choice of subjects-first, the advantages to be derived by an classes of students from an acnuaintce with the leading principles of the laws and regations of our country, and mn unson therewith *secondly, the intention of his Royal Highness that the competition for the prize should not be confined to those who are pursuing the study of the Law professionally, but that the choice of rubJects should have reference to matters of importance and interest to aU classes of students. The Board of Legal Studies have therefore endeavoured to preEcribe such yortions of the law as must more or less concern every individual, whether in his private capacity as a member of society, or in his public one as a citizen. L In the Roman Laaw they propose the following books, viz.!:-The 4th book of Gaius's " Commentaries" and the 4th book of Justinian's "Institutes-" which treat of "Remedies" by the Roman law. As works of reference and in explanation of the matter contained in the above, they recommend Sandars's " Notes and Commentaries" on the " Institutes" of Justinian, and Lindley's " Introduction to the Study of Jurisprudence." II. On the Principles of International Law the special book and topics wil be Grotius " De Jure Belli et Pads," book 3; and lheaton's " Elements of International Law," book 2. Attention must be particularly directed to the following points, viz.:- The Declaration of War, the Law of Blockade. the Lem Talionis, and the Position of Neutrali.-In explanation of which points great assistance will be derived from Kent's " Commentaries," voL i. part 1; "Story on Prize Courts," by Pratt; the article " Law" in the "Enovlopedia Metropolitan,4" and the Judgments in the cases of the " Franciska," and the "Johanna, Maria," reported in the Wekly Reporte- for Dec. S. I55. III. For the subject of Constitutional Law the special books aid topics will be:- (1) The ta-al of Algernon Sidney (Howell " State Trials?') and, as connected therewith, the law of high treason (particulary as treated of in Sir 3L Hale's "Pleas of the Crown") and its modern modifications; and the evidence of Treasonable Papers" and of "H andwriting for which reference may be had to Starkie, Philip-, or Taylor. 42) Hallasnms "Constitutional History," voL ii., chap. fl, 12, and 13, embracing the period of time contained m the reign of Charles IL, particularly with reference to the "A Act of Uniformity," the " Test and Corporation Acts," the "' Habeas Corpus Act," and the " Iremunity of Juries," IV. On the subjects of the law of magistrates and the criminal law:- The courts of quarter sessions, and petty sessions; the law of summary convictions, warrants, bail, prosecution, by indictment, judpgent, and its consequences, and the law of larceny.-On these heads reference may be made to Hale's ".Pleas of the Crown" and Blsckstone's "Corn. mentaries," vols. i. and iv., as wellas to Broom's "C om-. mentaries of the CommonLaw, and to the statutesl1th and .2th of Victoria. chap. 42, 43, and 4i, and the 18th and 19th 1 rrf Victoria, chap.126 for the guidance cf magi6trate3in proweedings for inictable offences and in summary convictions. OV.n the General aw of England, the following, are selected as the particular subject:- The law of Uses and Trusts, of Wills, and Descent of Lands, as treatedinJoshua Williams's "Elementsofthe &,Law of Real Property," and of Marre and Guardianship r as explainted in Blackstone's "Commentaries." But .on sa these. subjects reference may advantageouylbe-made to senfs " Commentaries ".and under the heads of Marriage. - and Guardianship attention must be directed to Sto's * Conflict of Laws,' and to the doctrines of 'equity, for which Smith's " Manual of Equity _TJnrispa-dene,", together with Story's- " Commentaries,"l or ,' Speic's "Equitable.Juridiction Yf the Court of Chancery," may b e. rredto. J.'T. A IDY. A. AMOS. : J,JiT ,PH*2?. J. . : TB.
THE ARMY SURGEONS LN THE CRIMKEA. A meeting was held at the Medical Head-quarters of the First Division on the 3d of January, at which upwards of 20 of the staff and regimental surgeons of the division attended, for the purpose of hearing the principal medical *oficer, Dr. WiUiams (who was caUed to the chair) expound hiis views on the subject of the position of surgical sdence and of medical officers in the army. The C msmrA. impressed upon those present that they should show the menibers of the profession at horne thaf I they were not indifferent to its interests, aud to their own claims and duties. Be suggested that meetings should be held for the discassion of subjects connected with military surgery, and made some valuable remarks on the nature and work-ing of an ambulance corps. The failure of the corps must be attnbuted to some extent to the fact that the military surgeons and medical officers of the army had not been consulted respecting its details and its supposed improvements. He then proposed that a society be established by the medical officers of the First Division, Crimean Arnmy, for the purpose of discussing. professional subjects, and that it be caUed the "Miitary Medical and Surgical Society, First Division, British Army." Dr. BEss; Grenadier Guards, then addressed the meeting, and - thanked Dr. Wslliams for the opportunity thus afforded of enabling medical officers to becoma more acquainted, and establish such a society as that proposed by Dr. Wiliams. Dr. S.lL then addressed the meeting on the subject of ordering profesional works from home, but it vws decided to postpone it for further-consideration. It was then proposed by Dr. WnrTAss, and seconded by Dr. BARR, 13th Regiment, ,"That a secretary -be appointed, and that Dr. Thornton, 9th Regiment, be requested to act as sucb."-Carried.- Proposed by Dr. SAL, and seconded by Dr. BLsxNsax, *1 That this society being now established, they meet weekly, on Thursdays, at 2 o'clock p.m., and that a paper be read at each meeting on subjects of professional interest, and that siotice be sent to the scretary on the previous Tuesday, mentioning the subiect of the paper to be read and discussed, so that the other medical officers of the society may direct their attention to the matter." Dr. BLEsNaSS, at the request of the meeting, promiised that he would read a paper on the ensuing Thursday. The following documents will be found interesting " Head-quarters, Dec. 3. "Sir,-I find that, in reference to your letter of yesterday, the sk of the batteries and troops of Horse Artillery at Iadikoi are, by defects in the hospstalmhuts, exposed to wet. 1 gave positive directions thatethe huts occupied by sick should be attended to before anything else, and Sir lt. Dacres tells mne that, until yesterday, he had ho felt or means of so doing. " But I wish to remark one point; the moment there is a difficulty, an evil to be remedied, plenty of demands and representations are made by the medicalfofficers that they want this, and tt t they cannot get the other; they come to you, you come to me, &c. " I wish the regimental medical officers to consider themselves part of the regiments, to identifythemselves with their commanding officers, to share the weal and as little of the woe as they can with their regiments, and - not to consider themselves as a separate department of the arny. They are essentially part of the regiment ; and I am quite sure that when they make themselves so in feeling, spirit, and practice they get more advantage for the sick under their cLarge than by an attempt to separate themselves from it. "Sir Richard Dacres and any General of Divison will receive any representation as to the welfare and condition of the sick from the Staff medical officer; it is by their superintendence and observation that he is guided for the general good of his division;* but it is right for regimental surgeons of batteries and regiments to refer, as other officers do, to theirimmediate commanding officer-viz., captains of batteries and officers commanding in all things not relating to medical treatment. "I should be glad if, in any communication with the medical officers of the army, you would show that this is my view of the best and most satisfactory means of carrying out their important andtheir humane duties. I am "W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding." Dr. Hall's circular is as follows:- " Head-quarters, Camp, Crimea, Dec. 7,1855. "Sir,-I have the honour to enclose a copy of a letter which I have received from the Commander of the Forces, in reply to a communication of mine regarding the defective condition of some hospital huts belonging to the Royal Artillery. "Sir William Codrington, you will see, is under an impression that regimenta-l medical officers do not identify themselves w%ith their regiments, but wish to be considered a separate department. "I am not aware that any feeling of this kindexists here; it is certainly contrary to the common usage and to my long experience of the service, nor would it be judicious if it di exist, for the interests of the sick are more effectually secured by cordial co-operation on the part of the surgeon and commanding officer than by antagonism; and, acting on this supposition, I naturally infer, when references are made to me, that all local means and applications have failed in procuring what is wanted; but I should be glad to be favoured with the result of your experience on this point, and to knowv if you have found commanding officers as ~ifiling to listen to, and anxious to carry out the suggNestions of medical officers as Sir William seems to think they are. "I have, L-c., ". JAI4 Inspector-General of Hospitals."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The paragraph headed the " Value of Slave Life," which appeared in Tie Times of yesterday, describing a brutal outrage on a negro, is evidently a fiction. The event is stated to have occurred at Cincinnati, the metropolis of the State of Ohio, wich is net only a free State, but the headquarters of the Abolition party. It is clear, then, as no slavery e.xists in Ohio, the Pretended condonation in money to the "«landlord of the hotel"for the death of a free negro, is manifestly absurd. If a black or a white had been killed in the manner alleged, any pecuniary expiation of the crime could only have taken place betwoeen the " intoxicated Kentuckianse and the police authorities of Cincinnati,. which it is equally absurd to suppose. As paragraphs of a similar import appear occasionally in 17ie 2'isze, copied from an " American papef' (no name given, as in the present case), it mnay be worth while to remark that in the UJnited States ithasbeen ascertained that t hrilling stories of the ill4reatment of slaves are set in circulation by the A bolition journals to excite public indi_nation and to promote their caue Any means to gain their end may seem justiHiable in the eyes of zealots, but truth has also its claims, andnit is believed that ThTimes will not refuse them utterance. AN AgNICA2. I Half-lMoou-street, Piccadilly, Jan. 22.
A BMot. or WmOauc PAMn.-It appears that Mr. Wiliam Palmer is a member of a very wealthy family, and is now in his 34th year or thereabouts. He was educated for the medical profession, was a pupilat St. Bartholomew's, received tho diploma of the College of Surgeons in 1846, and settled at Rugeley, his native place. He seems, however, to hiav^ paid more attention to the " turf"' and what are commnonly called sporting pursuits than to his own profession, and to have confined his practice to his own family and friends. His name appears n the London and Provincial Jredical Directory of 151, and again in 185, as that of one of the persons who had neglectedto inform the editor of that work of the nature of their qulifications; hence it has been hoped that his claim to be considered one of ourselves was not a ,ust one. But his name appears in the list ofthe College of Iurgeons; and we may suggest, in passing, that itwill be necessary for the future to be cautious in assuming the existence of no quadlication, merely b1ecause none is recorded in the Directory. He married, in 1847, Anne, the natural daughter of Colonel Wiliam Brookes and Miary Thornton, his holsekeeper. Colonel Brookes, who, after quitting .he East India service, took up his-residence at Stafford, died in .183, lnne,t considerable property, and more than one natural thild. To pan Thornton he bequeathed, by a wil dated July 27,1833, nine houss at Stafford, besides land, and the interest of 20,000 sicca rupees, for herself and her children, and appointed Dr. Edward Knight a highly respetable physician of Staf'ord, and a Mr. Dawson, her guardians and trustces. To Mary Thornton, the mother of A\nne, the colonel benueathed certain property, which was to pass to the daughter at the decease of the mother, lar ehraten departed this life, it is 'said, wvhile a guest at Mr. Palmer's house, in 1848 or 1849.- Now, although the will of Colonel Brookees would seem) clear enough to any one who was ignorant of law, and although, in the present state of the law, as we are informed, it would be sufficient, yet it was discovered by the legal fraternity some years since that the language conveying the bequest to Ann Thornton was not suficiently forcible to convey it to her absolutely, but only to give her a life interest in it ; insomuch as at her decease it was liable to be claimed by the heir-at-law to Colonel Brook-es. 'Under these circumstances, there was nothing unnatural or unusual in the idea that Palmer should insure his wife's ife, in order to protect himself from the inevitable loss which must ensue in case of her deceas- and, since her property consisted of 17 acres of land, vaued at between SOOI and 4007. peracre, besides nine houses, andthe interest of the sicca rupees-probably altogether worth at least 40W. per annum, upon which he had borrowed largely from his mother-there could be no doubt of his having such an interest. in his wife's life as would justify insurance. Accordingly, in January, 1854, he insured her life for 3.000!, in the Norwich Union, and in March in the Sun for 5,000.; there was also an insurance in the Scottish Equit- ifor.,0007.- It-appears that proposalsfor insurance were made to other offices - but there seems nothing unusual in tbis, for he might only brav had in view to obtain the best terms, unless, indeed, such proposals were made after th6-full value of his wife's proerty had been covered. Toproceed: Mr- Palmer died oent. 29, 1854,-under eircumstances which we shall pro to examine, leaving only one surviving child, a boy of seven years; and, as if - tojustify the husband in effecting an insurance,/an action was brought within a snonth, by Colonel Brookes's heirat-law to obtain possession of Mrs. Palmer's property. Palmer brought up the life policies on the Sun and Norwich Union on thie 10th of October, 1854, and employed MIr. Pratt,. the -s olieitor, to obtain the money from the effices. .r. Pratt, who seems tohxav actedwith entire oenas fdes, and the caution usual among lawyers, -required tobe .farnished with evidence of the husband's pecumary interest mn his wife's life, tookv tconsel'A opinion on every step, and obtainesf the 8,%000. fror.iShe offices on thle 6th of Febrnr ;1855 ;strnngely en6ugls, the 3,6000?. from the ScottishEJquit- able was paid t-hrongh' a bankcer, unknown'to Pratt-] iAfi4(c .-Zrnes tnnV (.auuc.
THE PFtB2IC HEALTH. (From the RegisWr-General1s Wlee?v Return.l Eleven hundred and twenty-odie deaths were registered, n london in the week that ended on Saturday, January 19; The average number of deaths, corrected for increase of popula ion, is 1,332 in the third week of Januuar, which Is the coldest week of the year, in the ordinary course of she seasons. The eeats were 211below the average. 495 of the dead were children and young persons; 156 were ofthe age 2040; 21l of the age 40-60; 217 of the age 50-0; and so few attain ripe old age in the present imperfeet state of the publiec health that 42 only were of the age of O and upwards. 261 persons of all ages died of smallpox, measles, scarlatina, booping-cough, typhus, and other zymotic diseases. Hooping-cough and typhus are epidemic. Mr. Watts, the registrar for the Islington West subdistrict, remarks:-" That 10 deaths have occurred in the london Fever Hospital, between the 11th and 19th of January; the whole of the causes have been from typhus. Tho hospital is at present very full of patients suffering from fever." 132 persons died of consumption, chiefly of the age of 20 and under 60; 26 of apoplexy, and 34 of paralysis; 191 of inflammation of the lungs and air tubes. 12 women diedof childbirth. Iast week the births of 817 boys and 827 girls, in all 1,614 children, were registered in London. In the ten corre sponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,494. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29-732 in. The reading of the barometer inerea-ed from 30'40 in. at the beginning of the week to 30O55 in. by 10h. &m. on the 13th; decreased to 29-82 in. by 3h. p.m. on thet5th; increased to 29 87 in. by 9h. am. on the 16th; decreased to 29 -35 in. by 9h. p.m. on the 17th ; was nearly stationary at this reading till after 9h. p.m. on the 18th; and then further decreased to 29-07 in. by the end of the week. Rain fell on the last four days of the week. The wind blew chiefly from the south and south-west, with an average horizontal movement of about 119 miles each day. The sky for the most part was overcast, and the electrical state of the itmosphere was positive throughout the week. The mean temperature of the air was 38-7 deg., which is 217 deg. above the average of the same week in 38years The highest temperatures occurred on Friday and Saturday, and were 50 deg. on each day ; the lowest, which occurred on Tuesday, was 24 3 deg. The entire range of the tempera. ture of the week was 257 deg. The air was milder than in the previous week, the meandaily temperaturebeingabove the average on the last four days. The mean dew-point tempesture was 35 8 deg., and the difference between this and the mean air temperature was 2-9 deg. The mean tem. perature of the water of the Thames was 37-5 deg.
ENCOURAGEMENT TO CRIME. (From the &-amincr.j Henry Watts, the keeper of a beershop at Paddington, was tried last autumn for the murder of his wife, whom he had beaten to death with all circumstances of deliberation and barbarity. The provocation of the poor woman had been an attempt to protect one of her children against the violence of her savage husband. For this he knocked and kicked her about till his declared purpose of destroying her saccomplished. The jury found a verdict of manlaughter. Had Watts less mercilessly killed the woman by poison, by the knife, or by a bullet, he would have been found guilty of murder; but a more indulgent view was taken of his crime as he had killed her by a succession of blows, not less cerahin to cause death than any of the deadly means we have mentioned. The killing thus'being in the eyes of the jury no murder, Watts was convicted of manslaulghter, and sentenced to 14 years' transportation. We offered some remarks at the time on this notable example of justice, nnd expressed our belief that Watts would not undiergo the punishment awarded, disproportioned as it was to his black offence. We felt sure that a wretch favoured so nmuch would be favoured more, and we have not been wrong in this expectation, as will be seen from the following paragraph:- "About four months ago a man named Henry Watts, the keeper of abeershop in Praed-street, Paddington, was committed by the sitting magistate, Mr. Long. from the polcecourt, Mawylebone, on the chage of having menderedhis wife. He wastried, and beingfounudigintof manslaughter, was sentenced to transportation for 14 yeas Susequentl, to the tria the principal witness against the accsed-Sarah roewnmg-was tried for perjury in a case which had been preferred by beragainstthe father of Henry Watts, for an alleged violent and unprovoked a&sult upon her. Mr. Handlme, managing clerk to Mr. Foley, solicitor, Welbeck-street, and who had conducted the defence, used his utmost exertions to obtain a conumutation of the gentenc passed by memorializing the &Scretafo State for the Home Department, set- ag forthiDi as strong an as powerful a manner as possible that Watr's conviction took place entirely upon the strength of the statement of the woman Browning, who had been proved by ulterior proceedings to be almost, if not entarely, unworthy of belief On Saturday Mr. Foley recevedan offcial notification from the Home-office to the etfectthat Sir GeOoie Grey had taken all the circamstances of the case into consideration, and that Watts's sentence was commuted from 14 years' transportation to two yeart imprisonmentZ the said termof incarceration to commence from the perio of his trial and conviction in September last" It is clear that the exertions of the attorney's clerk, "stron and werful" as they may have been, have not satisfi the oie-office that Watts was not guilty of manslaughter, for a full pardon, not a mitigation of the punishment, would have been the result if he had been believed innocent. The opinion in the Home-office must then be that Watts killed his wife, but that the witness Brownine's evidence respecting the barbarous circumstances of the crime was not to be believed, as she has since been found guilty of perjury.- Now this is a hasty and unsound conclusion. The evidence of such a person is to be looked at with the greatest suspicion, but it is not to be set aside absolutely as worthless. The greatest liar that ever lied does'not always lie. It is impossible. The falsest tongue must have its occasional turn of truth. The sensible question is, whether Brownings' testimony had any corroboration, wanting which we agree that it should not be allowed weight. It had corroboration, and the very saddest. The poor victim's body, covered with injuries from head to foot, testified that Browning had not exaggerated the cruel violence committed. What, then, is there to disbelieve in that witness's evidence, no matter what has appeared subsequently against her character ? The Homeoffice remains of opinion that Watts killed his wife, and the state of the body proved that death had not been caused by one unlucky blow, but that blow after blow, injury after injury, had been inflicted, and such, too, was all the effect of Browning's evidence? What reason vas there, then, to interfere with the course of justice, if indeed the name of justice can be given to the sentence of manslaughter for so bada case? The only answer we can conceive is that an active attorney's clerk, had beset the Home-office with his " strong and powerful" representations, disturhing the uiet of the place, and it was easier to remit a part of watts's sentence than to get rid of the lawyer's cleri Be the cause what it may, two years' imprisomnent is the measure of punishment for a very bad case of manslaughter. And people wonder at the growing frequency of crimes of violence, and shut their eyes to the counexion between them and such examples of leniency as the one before us. - In the pollce report of fThe Times of Wednesday there is a case at Clerkenwell very simlar to that of Watts's, but happily not ending so tragically. William Reid, described as n brutal fellow, upwards of six feet high and of powerful make, was charged With a savage assault on his wife, who was sprted into court in a most pitiable condition, her eyes blackiened and swollen, her nose broken, her face and person covered with bruises. The wretch, iua drunken fit, had knocked the poor creature down, and kicked her on the 'head and ody so as to reduce her to the frihtful state detailed. 3More fortunate than Watts's wife, she contrived to escape from Mis hands and took refuge in a neighbour's house. The magistrate very properly refused to listen to the plea of intoxication, and sentenced the savage to six -onths' imprisonment. Reid must make his reflections when he compares his punishment with that of Watts. Had he, like Watts, killed his wife outright, he might, like him, suffer no more than two years' imprisonment, only four times the sentence now awarded. As it is, he has to undergo a fourth of Watts's measure of chastisement, and he is still burdened with a wife, an encumbrance from which the morefortunate Watts has relieved himself at a far cheaper cost than that of obtaining a divorce. Surely, seeing what justce is, such a savage as eid is must regret that he did not go a'little further into crime, on the calculation " in for a penny in for a pound," glut his malice, and make himself a free man for the price of two short years of incarceration. How many a villain is there who will prefer the bolts and bars of the gaol to wedlock, and any fetters whatever for a limited time to those of matrimony for ever. The engagement till death do us part is one which he sees how to sever by the encouraging exampleof Henry Watts. It is to examples-of this kind that the alarmin- increase of crimes of blood is referable. The chances of escape, or, in the event of detection, of lenient punishment, are greater for the destraction of life than for any other offence.
CA=sss%sns wIIH Fntns .-On the discovery of the Burnopfield murder there_was a general arming in the district. Guns, ]pistols, and swordsticks wvere provided assaf[eguards against afttack, as though poor Stirling would have been protected from his assassns byt a weapon of defence. One of the alarnists, driving the lte&r day along Newcastle streets, dropped a loaded "revolver" fromhisdogcart. Thenextvehiclethat followed ranover the pistol, and off went one of the barrels. A lad picked up the piece, and a crowd gathered round him, which was soon dispersed by an intimnation from a bystander that their lives were in peril. A man riding by in a cart got posses. sion of the pistol, and threw it among a load of bottles, wvith which he drove rattling off to an inn stable. There some curious wight, fishing out therevolver, was turning it round rnd r wa hen away blazed One of the barrels, and a poor hos wssot by, the "1Colt," the ball passing right through the haunch. 'Tis surprising how carelessly loaded firearmns are carried. On a recent occasion a customer called at an inn on the Tyne, and gave his greatcoat to a damsel to hang in-the bar. Itn -was -hung up accrdingly, and shortly afterwards the barrels of a " revolve" -were seen peeping out of a hole in the pocket ! The owner got merry before his departure, and mine host," like a prudent nan, fired off every barrel before restoring the coat. -Garwhcad Obserer. DuBiS, Tuesday Morning.-The prices of fuiids yesterday were .-Three per Cent. Console, 894I; ditto, f- recount, the 7th of February, 89 J ; New Thire.per Cent. Stock, 89y J 4- ditto, for account, the 7th of February, 89a J.; Gfa4 nd(als Company (100!. paid), 384 ; Viniing Company of Ireland (7L. paid), 13A J ex div.; -itto, for account, 13g ex. div. Ftailways.-'Dublin. and Kinkstown Ro4yal cCa(nal lf-shares (2. paid), 24I; Waterford and
LA4W REPORT. COURT OF CHA-CJBRY, IxcoiN's-iN2, JAN. 22. 33FAVAN V. THE EARL OF OXFORD. tBeforc tiw LORD CIHENCELWLR and lc LRDS JUSIICES of A.PPAL.) Tho main question raised by this petition was whether certain judgmentcreditors of L6rd Oxford, subsequent to the month of July, 1838, the date of a voluntary settlemeixt made by his Lordship on Lady Oxford, were entitled to be satisfied out of the property included ih such settlement in priozityto the settlement itself. It haa already been decided that mortgagees and other purchasers for value were entitled to priority, anrd the point then arose whether, under the statutes of the 27th of lizbeth, c. 4, and the ist and 2d of Victoria, c. 110, judgment creditors were placed in the same position in every respect as equitable mortgagees, so as to be deemedpurchasers or value. Another question was raised, under the statute 13th of lizabeth, c. 5, whether the circumstances of Lord Oxford at the date of the settlement were not such asto make it void, being calculated " to delay, hinder, or defraud" his creditors. Mr. Walker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Craig, Mr. Cory, Mr. Speed, Mr. Wickens, and Mr. Eddis were the counsel engaged in the ase, which was not concluded at the rising of the Court. The LontD CHA.NamTo stated that the full Court of Appealwould sit to-morrow and Thursday, and, if necessary, on Saturday next.
I VIEcHNCELIoRS' COUTSA. 9 IN RE THE ThEG:ONEBRIS 3M'ING COMPANY (Before Vic-ChrancUor SirR. T. KnrsbERI y.) ln our report of this case on Saturday it was omitted to be stated that Mr. Glasse and Mr. Bagshawe, jun., aLso appeared (with Mr. Roxburgh) upon the petition. EDWARDS V. MARTL, This was an ordinary foreclosure bill, the mortgagor having boecome bankrupt, and the mortgagee being in possession, having obtained several like ordersunder thesame circumstances, and having sold two of the houses, situate near MarIborough-hill, Fincbley-road, for X,0001 It was admitted that theprincipal was notdne,but default hadbeen made in payment of the interest, which did not amount to S,0301.; and the question was whether, under these circumnstances, the plaintiff was entitled to foreclosure. lUr. BAILY and Mr. R. W. MooRtz appeared for the plaintiff, and cited the cage of " Burrows v. Molloy" (2 Jones and Latouche, 521)? where Lord St. Leonard's had used this expression:-" Supposing the principal sum had been nmade payable on agien day, no matter whattine after the date of the mortgage, with interest thereon half-yearly .in themeantime, and that before the day of payment of the principal default has been made in the payment of the interest, the mortgagee would at any time after that event have had a right to file his ill for foreclosure." Upon this authority it was submitted that the plaintiff was entitled to the decree he ask-ed. Mr. Fooxs appeared for the assignees of the mortgagor, and contended that this was an Irish case, decided upon Irish law; and, as the expression quoted did not decide the case itself, it could merely be regarded as an obt dictumz, and was so contrary to establis ed principle that some mistake must have occurred in the report) independent of which the case itself was quite beside the present. Mr. Waller, Mr. Joyce, Mr. Darling, and 1& G. L. Russell appeared for subsequent encumbranoers. The VicEjCHmcELLoR said that, although the case cited was an Irish case, E,nglish law had been app ied to it *ad, in the absence of direct authority, it appeared to him tlat it was suffcient authority for him to act upon; and he coQsidered the dictunc as in accordance with justice, and that ho was rght in following The authority of sogreat ajudge. The decree would therefore be for an account of principal and interest, inquiries as to subsequent mortgages and the mortgagee in possession. (Before Ficc--Chcanedor Sir J. STUAnT.) Issrr V. LAREL4 The Court was occupied the whole of to-day and the greater part of yesterday in hearing this cause, which relates to the dealigs of the plaintiffand defendant in certain shares in the Liberty Mlining Company. The facts are complicated, and the evidence is very voluminous. The case as not yet concluded. Mr. Craig and Mr. Nichols a ppear for the plaintiff, and Mffr. lVigram, MIr. EDllis, and Mr. Dickinson for the defendant. (Before Vre-C7hanedlor Sir W. P. WoOD.) ELLERTON V. DARBY. This case again occupied the Court during the whole day, and was not concluded until nearly 6 o'clock, when His HONouR dismissed the bills, with costs. The case was argued by Mr. Rolt and Mr. Eddis for the plaintiff, and by Mr. Willcock and Mr. Kenyon for the defendants.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH, WEs uSTER. JAN. 22. t.Sittinos in Banco before lord CAmPBELn and Justices COLERIDGE and WIGrrara?.) The Court this day took several cases from the special paper, but nothing occurred of sufficient general interest to require a report. COUPT OF COMMON PLEAS, WsssrsxsvsTa, JAx. 22. Sittings in Banco, Hilary Term, before Lord Chief Justice JnGVmS and Justices CaEsswmLr, WnItArs1 anul CROWDEM) LER V. BAYES AND tOBINSON. This was an action tried before Mr. Justice Willes, at Westnminster, when a verdict was found for the plaintiff, damages 301. Mr. Pn,mEnc now moved for a new triaL It appeared from the evidtence that the plaintiff put a horse out to grass on the marshes in Essex, and soon after nissed it. '1'he defendant Bayes saw a horse for sale atRay's Repository at the oter side of the river, which he purchased beiulftdc, and sent for sale to Robinson, the other defendant, who also keeps a repository in little Britain. The plaintiff, chancing to call at Robinscon';, sawr his horse there and claimed it; but the defendant Robinson would not give it up, and the plaintiff thereupon brought his action. It was now contended, first, that the sale to the defendant Bayes was in mnarket overt, so as to divest the property out of the plaintlif;, secondly, that the plaintiff, not having prosecuted the thief to conviction, was not entitled to recover the horse; and, thirdly, that there was no joint conversion, or conversion bly the defendant Rohinson. The COun granted a rule nisi on the thirdl point.
COUIRT OF EXCHEQUER, TuESDkY. JTA. 22. (bsitting in Eanco.) The proceedings of this Court to-day did not call for any special reporL (Sittilgs in Aliddexa, at Nisi Prius, in Hilary Ternt, before Mr. Baron BRAnvaLL and Conmmon Jurics.) HOWARD V. WIPPERMANN. This was an action to recover 311. 5s. lOd. for goods sold and delivered, work done, and on an account stated. The defendant pleaded that, except as to the sum of 251. 18s, 2d., he vns never indebted, and that with respect to that said sum of 251. 18s. 2d. he had paid that amount to the attorney of the plaintiff prior to the issuing of the writ in the present action. Mr. Edvin James, with Mr. Hawkins, conducted the case for the plaintiff, and Mr. W. H. Watson represented the defendant. The case was partly tried on Monday afternoon, and at theirising of the Court the further proceedings were adjoumned over till this morniing, when the matter was resumsed. It appeared that in the course of the last year a contract was entered into between the plaintiff, who is an oil redifier and refiner in the Grove, Southwark, and the defendant6 who is a merchant in Fenchurch-strect, by which the former undertook to supply the latter with a quantity of oil-hetween 30 and 4u tuns-the deliveries of the whole to be made in the months of September, October, and November. The oil was to be of- a certain clearness, as much denuded of smell as possible, and the price was to be 21. 7s. 6d. a-tuu. A portion of the oil was duly supplied, and equalled the sanple; hut the second quantity, which the defendant went to the plaintiff's works to examine, prier to its bei"e delivered, proving to ho cloudy, he said he could not acceept that portion of the oil under the contract, inasmuch as, not being equally transparent with the sample, it would not suit his customer abroad. Further interviews having taken place between the parties, an arrangement was made, which in the end completely set aside the eontract and eventually dealings resulted amnounting in money value to 2020. 8s. Of this sum thedefendant paid 1711.2s. 7d., which left abalanceduetotheplaintiff of 311. 5s. 10d., the claim now made under the present action. During the time that these interviews were going on between the plaintiff and the defendant on the subject of the second quantity not answering the sample, the price of oil advanced, and ultimately the plaintiff brought his action to recover the balance of his claim, so the defendant commenced his proceedings to recover the difference in the price agreed on under the contract. The trial occupied some hours on Monday, and several more were consumed in the further hearing of the evidence to-day. Mr. Baron BRABvXLL summned up, and The jury returned a verdict for the defendant.
ADA0]RALTY COURT. TUESDAY. JA-T. 22. GRAM TAKEN FRO:M SlllDRY RISSIAN BOATS. (Before Dr. LUMNGTON.) .On the 14th of June last Her 3Waesty's shiip-of-war Basilisk captured in the Baltic nine Russian boats, standing over to Gothand, laden with g The crews and cargoes were taken on board the Ba nd the boats scuttled and burnt. The grainacaiedto 3lemel, and there sold, the proceeds being transmitted to this country. The crews belonging to the several boats were released. There being no clanm, The QuiN's ADvocATE moved the Court to condemn the property, to which The learned JUDGE assented. COURT OF BANHU.PTOY, Basbig7cWItr6c, Janz. 2;2. (Bcfo;e Mr. Comnmi.sioserHoLRoYD.) ni RE KING. The bankrupt, a bookseller and stationer at Guildford, applied for his certificate. The insecured debts are 4381.; there are no assets, his stock in trade, valued at 350., havinm been taken under a bill of sale to secure a debt of 136!. fJaquet, for the assignees, did not oppose. His HoNouR said the bankmpt carne to the court on his own petition, and made affidavit that he had 45Ou. worth of propert,y; the only sum, received wras 9. 2s. ad.t The Court, thterefore, conld not grant a certifiiafe, and the case must be adjourned. Instead of having 450! worth of property, it appeared from the balance-sheet that the whole of the preperl y had been issigned under a bill of sale. An adjournment for three months was ultiumately talken.
EVSOLVENT PEBTORS. COURT, Jran 22. mn T11 OSCAR =EDIAiND FREDElUCX pOSTR. (Before .UI Cconimiestoitr MuRpay.) hXtis iinoivent a Germnan decorator; applied to be dis,ehatg&1 fro~rsn ME ZIr.8=tOOopposed, an'd . )Ou3re1su Ttic isolvpenttiti..ed LA yearu7.er9tPO*.on Act, bat his petition was dismiEsed. Ee was then arrested, and hMsow been in custody six months. The chief obje:tion to the discharge to-day was the alleged untruth of the schedule. Dr. Van der Bye; who was inserted as a debtor for 30t, was called, and -srore- that there was no ptence foirsuch ademand. A Mrs. -Rnda1l, otherwise wsell, who was inserted as a debtor - for 173'., also denied that she o*ed the insolvent anything; but on the contrary, she claimed to be a creditor for 2X, lent him at various tinmes. She had met him in August5 1854, at Cremorne-gardens, and, representing hinailf asa single man, an intimacy en- sue wlc he promised.shoald terminate inmi sued wKirchn1m, ~~~~mariage. Upon one occasion a womian 'whom the insolvent reure- sented as the vidow ef his brother, but who was, iufiot his owvn wife, andher son and daughter, dined at Mfrs. Riadall's house, in company with the insolvent. Mrs. Randall complained of the nsolvent's violent conduct and threats towards her.. e o t Mr. MWOUBREY prayed the Court to di e the insolvent, who war in a very distressed condition, %avmng been sixmonths in prison, vle his wife and sic children had been the inmates of a workhouse. Mr. Commissioner Mu1tPBY said the case was most disgusting one. The claims inserted in the schedule were quite unwarranted; znd, as that docunnent was untre, the* petition must be dismissed. r
rDDL-ESEX SESSON4 Tuacsdy, Jan. 22. , (Bcforc Mtr. PAsHLy, Q.(CAs.,t aiitudg4, nnd a Bcnch Iof Maistr%itms) Jonathan Barratt, 22, carpenter, was indicted for stealing two rsilway tickets, the prop6rty of the Loudon and ?NorLhWestern Railway CompanY. Mr. Giffard appeared for theprosecation. The prisoner pleaded " Guilty;' by theadvice of his counsel, Mi. Horry. The circumstances of the case stated to the Court were iliese --On the 10th of Decmmber the -prisoner arrivedl -at Wevrmlth il-v -okIzn and pretedl imssawengeHi oaket at -n3f cRie"swSnteed tbe= lelti esis.ut ato e hen befnorethe station-master. MThettwae ouch defaced and wJa such a one as. would not be issued ftom Easten station to Wolverton, is it pur*ofted to be, Aniut f vestigation took place, adl, after considerable trod blcbr. Bedlford, superitendent of the railway police at Wolver; ton, iscertainedl that the ticket in question and another had been stolen from Sudbury staton,, and erasures made on the' bface of itwb e int0lsVa lerwho3swent to kWoIverto 2and prentedo it. asa reguearly a ssuen wandhepatw r ticket, eecting that thae; e bsures,n ita wo rd, preen 't detet. Thet i- so=er had been skulking about Sudpurylstation for some The A-stre Drur-la,G sentenred him to three months hard labour. William Harns,2 en tijasnin James, 26, anm Charles Jones, 17, were indicted for stealng a gold watch, Taloe 601., the property of Janes lees, from his persoin Mr. eaftnof apro7-en 31i. toneendea de sl Mrr. Giffard apseared for Harris. Jones was not defended. On the evening of the oth inst. the prosctor, of retired trdeman, living at No. 8R, Eocinghham-row eastk new Kent-road, went to Saville-house, Leicester-square, to seo a sarrng"e match; wil Stherfe ahde wa robbed of. his w ndi the eideneof Cle, Cdeta dective, thowed thatthe prisoners were atogetherhiere,and that at leat two of sed them,yHrrsand Jamese ated, coert, mn the cottissio oftheoffnce Te eidece gaistJones was less The jury found James and Harris Guiltq, and Acquitt&2 Jones. Numerous convictions were provel against Harris and James. The latter had been sentenced to IS months for robbery with violence and two ytars for" smashing." The Assisr\Tv-JuDaGE sentenced James to four y ears' Sfrnal servitude, and Harris to 18 montss' bard la our ordn wab cautioned as to Y future conduct. James, as he was being. removed said,-Tve got fouar years' penal - that. 1I don't nmind; 'but r've got. it wrong,. that's all. Y'~ innocent this time, any how. Pye been. a thief all mly life, that's right enough, aLnd am a thief still; that policeman knows it; andlae'took us wrong when thi robbery was done. Why,I that watch was stole 20 minutes before we went into Saville-house, as I know; so we didn't do it. I'd steal a dozen watches-two, if you like, if ird half a chance ; hut, tak-e my word, I didn't have that. (Before Mfr. W!rrH.ALe) Edward Cain,. in,. Cornelius Driscoll, A4 andI Edward Yolland, 14, were indicted for unlawfully attempting feb-~ niously and burglariously to break and enter the dwellinghouse of John AWilliam Gardner, with intent to steal good and chattels ther einhe- From the evidence of Walter Holmes, police-constable 50 F, it appeared that at half-past 3 o'clock on the morning of the 17th of December he was standing at the end of Blackmnore-street, Drury-lane, where he observed the three prisonerm in company.. When they saw him they turned into Vinegr-yar, an tence to Russell-court, wvhen Dr-scoU lef te the to,went into a corner, had a good look roun, ad, rjoiingthe others, they all' went to a coffeesho i Brdgs-sret,w'here they remained some time. O~n leaingthe wet itoWhite Hart-street, where Cain and Yollnd tooed ownand tried to force open a cellar-fh-p wit pat f abroenwalkingstick, the ether being on the lookout Heaingthe approaching footsteps of a police-. man n th bea, tey ran off, and Holmes lost sight of* themn for a while, ut from a report he had from t'he - constable, he went -to teKn of Prusia publichouse, the. prosecutor's, in Wc-tet where they atteml2ted to raise the cellar-flap,t u iel and made such a noise that they ran a shortditnead then watched to see if any one had been disturbed Tey made a seownd attempt to get the fliap up as acart was 'Siong by, but, catching a glimnpse of the policeeman, they drdof, at the top of their speed; they were pursued, captured, and t-aken to the station. The Jury found them Guilt y. Cain and Driscoll were shown to be notorious thieres; nothing was known of Yollad. The officer stated that the former had been initiat-ed into crime by a tickct-of-leave 3man, -who fell in -with them in the pit of a theatre. He. put them through a cours of instruction in burglary, and - induced one of them, -who was then in the employ of an ironongr i Toteahm-ccrt-oad totell himn where his nsatereptismney an "pthnup"totalringawax beentrie forburgary,and entecedto si er'penal Mr. WrrsrL3 sentenced Cain and Driscol o1 ots hard labour each, and Yolland to six mnh'
POLICE. GunrLuDm .-Thomas Boyer and Michael Fitz t Ick were placed at the bar before Sir W. M3La2AY, charged with eing concerned with a man named Wiliam Froad in steang a large quantity of paper, the property of the Postmaster-GeneraL Mr. Peacock attended to prosecute on behalf of the Postoffice authorities, and stated that upwards of two tons of books, which had been sold as waste paper to a marine storedealer named Taylor, had been identified as the propert;y of the -Postmaster-General, zmd the prisoners were now recognized as being with Fraud at the tine be soldthe paper. Under these circumstances Mr. Peacock aremand, i order that all three prisoners might be brought np-together. The prisoners wrere accordingly remanded. BoW-sTRm r.-Jaines Thomas, a native of Prassia, about 45 years of age, was placed at the bar before Mr. HEXRY, charged with using threatening language at the Waroffice. Edward Kidd1e, officekeeper to the Secretary of State for War, deposed that the defendant had been in the habit of calling at the War-office and complaining of ill-treatment, .in not being paid certain amounts claimed by him for alleged services to the Crown in connesion vith the Foreign leegion. He made another application on Monday afternoon, at 4 o'clock. Witness told him that several gentlemen in the office had subscribed a snm suffEcient to enable him to return to his own country, with Iis wife and daughter. He expressed a wish to go to Frnnfort-on-theMLain, the expense of which would be 47. for each person, but witness endeavoured to convince him, by referring toBradshaiossContincatel Guide, that they couldtravelmucicheaper. He appeared excdted, and. left the office for a short time. On his retturn, a few minutes afterwards, witness told him that he was authorized to pay 81., independently of the 27. which had been previously advanced to hinh, prov ded that he would consent to a Person's accompanying him to the boat and seeing him ofm, with his wife and daughter; upon which he woula pa n., the amonedt of the pass ne-mroeyn, and give him 2in or their support on board. The defendant declined to consent to this arrange- maent, afiected to disaepprove the rout, and, speakng. with gereat warmth, declared that he would "parocure a couple of pistols and settle the matter at once." lu consequence of this threatening language and the defendant's violent manner witness gave him into the custody of Sergeant Hodges, who was present, and who was to have accompanied himto the boat. In answer tothe charge the defendant statedthat, in sayingheuwouldbya pair of pistols, he oiny meant that he would settlo the matter by shooting yimself. er. Kiddle proposed to send him home sid Eotterdam, where hisdpro pert hadbeen confiscated, and he should himself be ated for having eng aged himself in recruiting in this country for the Forei aLegn.t wanted to go by Paris and Lusem-I himself or sendy hi to HoUandwolld be to send himr to prisonf oriveyears. . mr. grecte-Butmyoncould have pointedout that difficultywithouttreatenigto shoot youself. Te laws of Englanmd do not allow such viclent threats to be used. Takingo your own account of them, they were felonious, becau2se directed against your own life. Bat there is reason to believe that this wias notyoaremeanng, and this was, no doubtslthe impression on Mr. jkiddle's mind.- The Nitness observedthathe felt satiesad the defendant mizeant that heoldshoot so;mebody else. The defendant would-admit that he said he would shoal himself or somnebody else, if sent to HRolland, to run the risk of inmpnsommentfor aive years; but he ased the words mndergreat ex;citement, and had no paticula r individuielin hisneindattlietime. ~In fact, he threatened no one. MIr. H-sv, after takine some. pains to explain the lawv to the defendant, from, his being a foreigner and ~less likely to understand it. asl;ed:if he would go to Fanukfort now, if his paagewere paid. The defendantre~pIied that this was what he wanted, buthe must go rid Parms. The difference was only 4s. or 5s. Mr. Kiddie was perfectly willing topay the necessWay expenses if defendant would go at onoe. . - The case was then nomninaly. ajourned, to admit of this arrangement being carried out, and subsequently, Mr. Kiddie leaving procured 1r'. for the purpoe-, the defendant was discharged witha suitable caution not to give any further anaoyance to the War-office. -- MAR 0'M-" L " has seat to Mr. Eroughton ths first half of a 1Ot.-note for thej vrI-ox, 'with an inti-mation that on the receipt therof &inl nowledged in T'Aa TieCS the other half wduld bfirarded. Wo9y;SEP-SiBa E.-CharlotU Cridge, 15, was charge withrmobbissg her mother. f' -;-i The prisoner, a wretchied-looking girl, 'wa brought here a few week;s ago upon a sieislar.e*Isaic by' herneoher, who do- - . ..,~~~~~~~~ , , , , , j n~~~~d e Feribed her as a very bd girl who was const-&ntly robbing her,.andthat she did jot.inuw what to do with her. The rl the, with tears and lamentations, admitted the thsf_s, butde ea that she was compelled to have reconree to them in consequenoe of her mother being in the frequent practice of leaving her for daTs and niihts together, gene- lly from 8 in. the raoring til 8 at nil it, in charge of the house, without foo. The mother acknowledged that o: t'=t occasion she had been absent for more than two days, but insisted that she had left " a litUe " food at home. fbis, however, was earnestly denied by the girl, and the magistrate, believing the gid's stateltein preference to that of the mother, first remanded her for a weelk, and then discharged her. On the 15th inst. the prisoner was am brought np at the instance of hermother, whostated tat, haring occasion to leave houme for a short timne, she discovered, u&pon. her return, that theprisoner had stolen an iron pot from tha house,andsold.st at a rnarine storedealer's intheneihbourhood for SL As talk-ing to her appeared tbef b n use, she determined to give her iuto custody, auddid so. The girl a-amin stood in the dock crying bitterly, confessel the fact ot the theft, alleging, in a tone arcely audible, that she did it from hanger, and was remaided for t1a attendance of the person who hid bought the prop_rty. In the cell she cried so loudly that inquiry was made of ber by one of the officers, to whomashe stated that her father was dead, that her mother had narried again and had a family, and that sbewa nlected by all, left in care of the house, and as continually left wvithoult food. The officer sent for a meal for her, nd the g irl appeared very thankful. Mary Cole nowv ststed-The girl brought the pot to me, and wanted Is. 6. for it. I refusedto gve more than Sd. ; she went hack, said her mother bad sent her, returned ina fcwminutes, and said she would take that; amount. I have bought triaing things of her before, she always saying that her motherhad sent her. Mother.-I did not give her permission to sell it; sho had no canse to do so.m Mr. VEY cour.-Arezou married ? MotUher.-I am a widow, tiir, now; I live it Hackney. It,. D'Escomr.-Why, upon a previous ocza!ioa. I think, younbrught-your daughter here, and mnade aiimila charge against bar. She was then discharged, complaining of beingleft by you irithout Sood, and that she was . coinpelledto sell your things to get thinetoceat. Mother (whinng).Oh, yes, Sir; but she is such a bad girl can do nothing with her. She is always bad, andreluses towork. Girl (cryingbitterlyj.-Oh, mother, Imever refused; ylaa know I have asked you to get me a place, but yon always told metogo into thestreets and takemy chance. Ishould begladtogetworkof an kid. You know you leave me ithont food. (The motner made no replg.) Mr. DYEv&coUrr (to the mother).-.vow, tell me; - whea she stole this saucepan what had yon left her to eat ? Mfother (evasively).-I really don'b exactly recollect. She is naturally a bad girL Mr. DVE-comsar.-I asc you what food you left her Speak up. Mother.-Wet, she had some breakfast. Girl (crying).-Oh, oh! Mr. D'EMvICOT.-What was it, I again asik, woman ? Mlother.-I thirn some potatoes. GirL-Oh, mother ! you know I had nothing (clasping her hands and again bursting into sobs). Oh, dear! what shallIdos -. . The mother did not deny this assertion either, but got very confused, the girl still crying, and the court perfectly silent. The magistrate then cosely questioned the mother as to why the girl was left inthistway; butthseoman sometimes affected not to hear, then answered evasively, and little more could be got from her than that she was compelled to go out eiometimes for a day or two together, and st at last became painfully evident that her only motive was to get rid of her child. Mr. D'EsrxcoImT.-I have suspected this, and you@ongt to be thorougly ashamed of yourself. Assuming that she is at all guilty, you are yet more so. You make her i thief vy strvng her, and then, bring her here for punishment, and to get rid of her. . What can yon epect l become of her, when you teill her to take her chance in the streete. ? You don.'t even endeavour to get her honest work.- It is shocklngly disgraceul.n I shall now discharge her again, and The rant officer of the district must represent the mtter tothe parih authorities, andthey-wllnodoubtlookhehurply after both her and you. The mother left the court plainly disappointed and disconcerted, while the daughter followedher out, still crying, but apparently somerhat plesaed at her prospect_S CsaeRi ratpn ,bLGeorge Carey, aged n Y, mastern shoe. maker, a rough-looking fellol, residing in Pleasante-row Tholloay, was chatred with hasing brutally assaulted Mary Carey, his wife. The complainant, who was frightfollybruised all over her person, on entering the wvitness-box, said, with te5rs in her eyes, "Please, yeurehonour, I do not ish to punish my husband, although he has injured me everely. e mom anod-naturedman whenober don't existe but when heis ntoxicated he is very qiolent. I only wih you. to bind him over to keep the peace toards me." der. Coe d inuired i-hat manner the prisoner had hilu.sed her. he lifted her shawl from her shoulder and arm, and exposed the most shocking injluries saying that all herp n was covered with bunises of a similer description. Shwas suffering great pai, but, notodthswtandig, she did not wiAh to.hurt hnn, as there cold not be a better-heartedanhse. The fact Ayas tbat for the lastithree weelcshe had been under medical treatment for a chronic complaint in hiS stomach, and on Swnday night he Icoft home, and returned at 12 .o'dclc, when she was in bed. She remonstrated quietly n with him on the imprudence and nconsistency of getting tipy so soon after hiS recent illness, when he called her vle naZmet, and beat her in a dreadfulmanner with a stout stick, which he broke on her body while she was almost in a state of nadity, merely having over her her chemise and gown. He afterwards turned her out of doors, when Sergeant Aylett, Non15,S dinision, came and y took hi to the station-houer Sergeant Aylett produced the stick, which ea broen in Wo, and much sympathy was eviced for the poor woman, w ho repeated her wih not to have the.prisoner punished, buatbound over to keep the peace towards her. M.tr. Conu-Indeed, Isael not allow such con2nct to pass over w.ith impunity. Ee askeda the prisoner what be bad to say for himself. The prisoner, iho leaned en the bar apparently dejected, said, aI have been nder medical-treatment; I}had bee drinnking." Mvr. CO6nrt-I shall send you to the }Iouse of Corretion for amonth; and you may thank your good-natue wife that it is nomore. Henwstl wen locGeddne "MW.W. ' has forwaied a check for 5z. s. for the poorbox; and "w.H.i " 5sworth of stanips for the se of. Ann Reid, the poor woman who was so brutally ill-treated by her husband, whose case appeared in the papers a few days ago. The donors reqaested an acknowledge ent in thbs journaL. Tsssss-Edw;ard EIlsoas, ag ed 20, wiho described h:imself asacabinetmaker of Euston-square, was brought be fore Mr. YPLsc, charged with stealing a silver watchb, value 6L, the propertyf Mor Wlfliamn Charles Bronme, ornamental writer, of Nto.1 Globe-road, Mie-end. MTr. YAnDLEY commnitted the prisoner for trial. an suEnt.-Mtary Hogarth, a tell-dressed woman, was. charged with robbig rd Thomas Drew of one 10l. acd. two 5Ls notes in scab. The 2rosecutor, who was described as a merchant resicing at boee49, Cheapside, did not appear, and Sereant Aylesbury, of thceL division of police, informed the magishtrae that he thought the prosecutor had made some mist.ake in the matter, for he beld in his hand a tavern bill for 255-a w;hich he had paid for the dinner and wine of 12 genllteme on the day before, and this might account for the money ho- -Mr. EnLr0TTobservedhe had nothing to do writh this and, as the prosecutor did nOt think proper to attend, he should discharge t,he prison er, The first half of.aI0-not forw.ar2ed to Mr. llsrdwick has been received.
JENNY I-Th'D AND TE WOB-XING SmI oF L1V.- POOLe-The paragraph quloted in lc Tims yesteriday froln the LireWpoo JTournal is erroneous in every particular. The3 eorrespondencereferredto occurred in 1849), since whic.h time The managers o£ the Jenny lin Concerts have not communicated witht the proprietors of Thie Lord NeLsonstet Concert-haIL [ Advertisementg,The "MedicalCircuIar," n period of lWlr 1cIS has achieved- a eucees snenitbpleds in te yito'y of cass peiodias Itisnoafavourite medium of interrmnction amoes the medical mrofeorn, aetion it has to tai by its lieality and fearleG inlipeniec lt is foher mm cndcdbyit clisenesw, being hr.]! the prlce Of ItS contemporaxiea The eig)ctb -.olmme commsenced on Janeup 2, the distinguishing featuren ci wnirh a-ithe the redres ofPoor Iaw eaucies and the erxposnre 0qucks andonaker in addition to clinical lectureshy einenrt olcem. with one of wviich evrey nnmtbera-il be enriched. The "liedical CirculcP" offer the bestmDedirmrfar advertisomeuts gddremeae to the m:cdicalofesslon. Published every Wednesdeay n3ing at the oDix., 2a, XingW riiam-street, phand, price d --taroped; - uibsp- [Advertisemernbe-w-" Chevalier T. G. de SaMer's InitLatoryTreatise- onYhilcowy . elaborated for SeI-Stedents I'S FirS rauslatedby the Rev. itD. Hanrxisi M Dulau and Co., lordon. "Weehavebbeen muctruck h this 1stParbt not,indeed,Srom tho ilniihed perfectues of the freatis bIt from the evidence it-rgmestbof rmasterly abiety on the .a itsyoung author, hich onT seeds piaing an obe in the iiteraryworldY-Ieinb Adveetteer, Dcc3 lB Ih obhz othis work isto fa&Rr.taXto~ - bneginner the studyof that mintdifirnitof thesienes- ct.rhyelrs. . . .Wekuowof uooskfrdm which te student couldobtain this stlritly elem,entary or intafftor informoation... .Tloexeedingig neeesssrypreartionfcrthe more intimazte sindyv o£ the nb3cc iY treatedinamannercalculatedto mAe itofthehbrctoscfner to the student. The laage ie rcar, logical, and pres- The tranear hasenterethorou.hly intothespirit ofthe author,and isqevsdeJy an ablemetacsan."-Xoming Alvertser, Oct. 1-3 !byte suen Author-"~ Hints on the 2Neoeeety of awl-ruddSu~ nPhilasophy." "This little brochure contains a rtch mine a Pritind wsdom, the philoo herein advocated is the true plWo30pby of the Royal s%ge.-4Chorch of eQarter Review. 18 55 "Tl'e brochure is mnarked h_voo.dIw powers of thought, anidhy an ecrllent stylcr The author corroctly.. Poin out some of the steI9btImiblocls as the advantages o£ phlosophIcal studif-lhflnclm AdvertiMs, 'Jay 15. 1855. : _ Advertisemnent.]. "TheA.atobiogIapy ofaBe ga Boy, His3motherbesariagewithadihar.edoldITis st ettayns vagnutlife-The handluro besr ~of the oldentiiOO-ThO dutli- in a storm ZhtOawh moor-TheDldsokUeu utcr MMtOtboDevilbetween wak and Hexharn-Tie might's s0,o=m o Iinmer uirl and the mysterious coaches-Journey to LeeCan in 1810-Aresidence in St.,09te^ 'sndmi2s nddowsnso life,inCoutn. The bookmay nobe bWdof all boseUeii, Irize p r-J loneen, W. TwLeede us?, Strand.eatho T AdvlertseneDnt.]e" lThe tMyofF lnabor en, eat ne *' Ttheiread ijs r ted with asiting picture of social eYistence- ede3coesu of e ai ws e nOt mee -de'i2s of gay SOenkt and S oonff5; te appCS. ratber the reesods of a carcr thaty convey amE , anedecisre awarnirEg The tQoy hasthemeritO! orinty. ad taet bastnip ?ithn undomiable,i=nres Te dCld bo for iS nocwene,but the roronsdeeiptlOn5 the brSiliant toches, a~-t* le-lk octrtsS iEuss tisatFlc- andireit h retos-itepas nl edelieation of Law Cavohne, theanbt.oe3hs achieveoai Te presents * niastapiece os ak?L-Eun. se- -- . es- - iAdvertiseinent.]-"Itiaite Eebater pol.-The "Exulamer" of Ssturday]ast teniae an elaorate crttidrnme!ls v;o.-k in the following words:- vWe le vno aet to subject this verywelcocue boolitoffutir viae Itb iuii liesehicFiynthDocelou orfje&centl chaptert r wich trea oi! the medandth ec.p and fromU these-e havetae:nengb.. Por thece it beriad -c h;iutit i5 nsht to esy. in *dduieen,tla the writer iS aqir g-ntlcd aiterv plelantthhl tvrthelling INd d . TheL tvboi bookr, tl.re aore-itp inot a vicry 123 Pi ly. - Cbapm- iLpt, UQ1 "Z. 3FAV&M--37
NTAVAL AND MILITARY INTBGEBNCE. - ----- a - The sallUvIZtriSPortITelsou left Portsmouth yeterday for Comt iihopIO, with 460 tons of provions, vhich she thippedtform the Iboyal Clarence-yard. Te SpitErem S, steamsloop, Captain Spratt, C.B., arrived. ;t S&ithead 'OA Monday night from the Mediterranean, 'where she ba& been employed on surveying service. Slut 'Was to'sail last night for WVoolwich to be paid off. having beenineaunission since April, 185L The COsar, 91, screwship, Captain Robb, got rp stemn in the-stesm-hasin at Portsmouth yesterday, after h-vi:x had blr machinery extensively repaired. The trial of the 'engkaes was very satisfactory. The Cnsaris toZoout of tIh steam-basin to-day, and will in a fetir daysproceed to ;Egithead. The Tickler screw gunboat arrived at Portnmouth yes- tterday frourSheerness, and the Sandttjr.on Mcday, to join' the divisions of gunboats itting for the Baltik. The Arield , -screw- deop, Commander Mase, left Spithead yesterdayv Psoair.g 'for Gibraltar. The Ajax, C0, screw ship, (l.ptain Warden, is to leave Spithead in a few-23s for Leoith, to ;be ;tationed there as a guadship. The Rediey, .0, Captain Wtoorsom, is discharging stores, &c., at rlotorth, tpriort4o being cernverted into a shell mnagane for the Baltic. The Indian steam transport was erdered to leae Wortsmouth yesterdaty for Blymouth, -to embark troops. From Plynouth she will go to Dublin.. The CGess, 6, paddle sloQp, Csnmander Dew, 'ras a.ken alongside hcr hulk at PortsmeAh yesterday tao ecei.ve her crew. The Orient eailing transpoAt .kft Portshou'storday to dischargebold:steresoat Deptfosi, and to be paid out of the tr.nsport sorvice. A Naval latriotic Association has been formad,ai Sunderland, vith the view of rasing a sum of money £or the purpose of manning one or 3nose of the gunboats building on the Wear. klt was setonrfeet by Mr. I). Jonasuo-n, coJliery oowner, who communicated with the Admiralty withthe view of ascertining if Governueut would coxntenance the scheme. An answer, -couched in terms of corEal approval, w returned, end conveyingoall necessary information upon the snbject. The mon who-enter are to have the option of Ciming their discharge at the end of this yeaes Baltic reason, and the masterin charge of the rendezvous has been orderedto afford everyassistance to the association. A meeting of the members was held on Monday, when it was resolved to offer a liounty of 10. to each volvnteer. A-mong the subscriptions announced at the meeting, were, essr. W. Brigs and Sons, shipbuilders, 1OOL.; Mr. Jonassoin, i501; the Mayor of the boroush. 20t.: &c. An order ws issued yesterday to the Commandant of the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, for the volunteers from the Provisional Battalion to the 41st, 55th, 62d, and 90th RIegiments to proceed to-morrow morning, in command of Ensign G. S. Black, 99th Regiment, to Templemore and Mulingar, to join their respective corps. Onthe same day the volunteers to the 46th and 95th are to proceed with one non-commissioned officer, in command of Alfred J. Tnke, 64th Regiment, to Winchester and Parkhurst. On Friday the remainder of the volunteers to the 1st, 9th, 30th, 33d, and 50th Regiments, in command of Captain Junes BaMe, 5th Regiment, and three non-commissioned officers, are to proceed to Limerick and Fermoy. Orders have been received at head-quarters of the Royal Marines, at Woolvich, to the effect that lists may be transmntted to the office of the Assistant Adjutant-General, nade ont in the usual manner, of such men of the division, of the following description, who are desirous of volunteering for the Artilery corps-namely, height not under five feet eight inches, of strong muscular frame, general intelligence, and good character. 'Men not able to read and write are to express their willingness to attend school. Lieutenant Symons has been appointed to the command of the gunboat Charger, fitting out in Woolwich basin. The Charger will he ready to join tie squadron in a day or two. The Vixen arrived at Woolwich on Monday evening from Portsmouth. The ingeniouslycontrivelpercyusion-capmaldng machine, lately purchased by Government, and which was temporarily set into operation on the occasion of the late Royal visits to Woolwich Arsenal, is now permanently fixed in the large machinery room of the Royal Laboratory there. The advantage which thIs apparatus possesses consists ofthe facility of forming and charging the cap at the same time. The machine is supplied with copper in sheets (12 in. by 48 in.). The blank is cut, formed, and charged without handling, producing 3,000 caps per hour, ready for being varnished. The patentee is a Mr. Wright, an ninerican engineer. A party of invalids arrived at Chatham yesterday, in comuand of Assistant-Surgeon White, 3d Dragoon Guards, with Hospital Dresser Pullvet. In addition to the wounded were five men of the Land Transport Corps, all direct from the Crimea. Dr. Hiffernan, 19th Regiment, inspected them previously to their being admitted into hospitaL The Commander-in-Chief has sanctioned the appointment of Captain G. J. de Winton to be 3Major of Brigade at Smyrna to the British Swiss Legion, which corps he has lately been assisting to raise and organize. The followving appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant C. G. F. Knowles, to the Sappho; Lieutenant G. W. Strong, to the Arrogant; Lieutenant R. P. Jenldns, to the Flying Fislh; Lieutenant D. E. Orr, to the Esk; G. L Bridges, acting3 mate, to the Flying Fish; Wfilliam T. Cowerford, acting paymaster, to the Algiers; John S. Mroon, acting paymaster, to the Roval George. A Corkpaper of Monday says " Upwards of 200 of the 23th Lincolnshire Militia have vohmtcere, during the last; few days into the Coldstreamn Gnards, the Lancers, and soncinfantryregiments. The men who have thus volunteered in such numbers have no ouht been mainly influenced hy the recent order from the Secretaryfor War, which censiderahlyincre.ases the premiunm to volhnteers for the iLne from thle ranlis of the militia."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. liir,-'When, in company with three other young gentle. mnen on a pleasure trip through Norway, I was up at Hamanerfest, in Norwegan Fimnaxk, or IApln i uelast, I had the pleasture of hearing many unmistakable evidences of the friendly feeling of the people of that dreary country to the Western Powe-rs. I find the following entry in my journal to June 0 :- "Out shooting and rambling over the mnountains till 4 o'clock-, thes sune shining all the AwhiIe;- then to bed. Breakfast at10. M3r. B. and r. S.,merchants ofthe place, took breakfPst wvith us. Mr. S. said, expressirng great pIeasure, I'News has come that Sweden has joined the Western Powers? Mr. B. said directly, ' Well, if it had not been for this -war Finmnark would have been a Russian possession in fu yers, and I should have been a count, but I would rathr be hat you call "Ia country gentleman."' On asking him what he meant, he said that for several years past Russian sents had been about Finmark sounding the people, anYmaking overtures to them of increased advantages of trade an ofers of titles to some of the msnot influential rnen.' The love of these brave northnmcn for the Western Powers is disinterested in thle extreme, and is entirely owin-tD their -~eti idependence of mind and love of freedomr, as the Kmsan are their principal customers for their Arctic red, blac, ble, nd wite ox nd eherskins, and they arec indbte toRuia or,I my ay,ther whole "staff of bred,"as heygetther re etirly romRussian ports. If he bov isof ny ervce o yu, ouare welcomle to J; C. nEsEP. Iv, A-r=natOz-EquMe. - -
CHARGE OF ROBL2ERY AT TEE EXETEP. POSTOFFCF-.-Mr. Edwin lHyett, a clerk in the Exeter Postoffice, was charged before the Mayor and igsttes, sitting at the.Emeter GuildLiaill 'nu Monday, under te I~st Victoxia, cap. 80, sections 25, 20, and 27, wvith abstracting money from a letter while in course of transmission through the Post-office. The pe-isoneris respectably connected, and has a wife and three children. Some years ago he was charged, in conjunction with his brother, with robbery at the Bxeter Post-office, and, althoughsthey were acquitted, Mr. Edwin Iyett, the prisoner, was suspended from his situation for two years. In the mcantime a letter-carrier named Harrapp was apprehended -on several charges of robbery at the same post-office, and, being convicted and sentenced to transportation, he confessed to hal-ng conmiitted the robbery with which the Hyetts had Ieen charged. On this being made known to the PostOeice authorities iMx. Ed-win hyett vas restored to his situation. The circumstances.of the present charge, as svworn to by a letter-sorter in the Exeter Post-office, named E lliott, were these:-On Eriday, the lSth inst., i!lr. Hyett as on duty as superintendent for the day. The north mail aluing arrved, hluiott put the paid letters into their usual sto "soring," said took the unpaid letters to lr.Fiytt,forthepmoseof 3vig techecked. Ellott counter. Shortly afterards he alleged -that he saw Mr. Hyett comeover to the counter, feelscveralnf theleers ,and ultimately take a coloured one, wish two orthree others, to his desk, this being no part of his duty. While at hlis des3 Elliott saici he distinctly saw him open the coloured letter, and just as he had done Ao the postmaster fr.- Tee,dale, came into the office, when Mr. Iyett re-folded the letter. Elliott stepped forward ndsaid, "Tesnot riht, Mr. Hyett," and took the letter in .gueion fro:s his kand, givin- it toMr. Teesdale, and telling him the circEvnstances. TTie letter was froni Toronto, and contained th.re shillings,- oIne of them being wrapped in a piece of pnfr which contained the words "1 This Is for mother." - hen :Mr. Hyett was charged with the offence he indignantly denied it, and said that the letter, as it often happenis, was opened, and that he was about to go to Mr. Teesdale and tell him of istwhen he was accused by Elliott. The letier was sealed with three wafers, hut had the appearance itl;er of not having been securely sealed, or that the person xdio cpened is did io very carefully, as there were. no pieces ;* paper sticking to the w afers. The magistrates committed 0tN prisoner for t;al at the not assizes, but accep'ed hil.
RAILWAY TrTELLfTGNCE. RILWAY REPORMA. X meeting of sh-.reholders in railway companies was held -resterday at the London Twvern for the purpose of talding into considersation the 5eriously depreciated value of their propert, .and especilly to consider a plan which it is believed will asrest titther depreciation and speedily place railway property in a sound and healthy condition. M1r. W. Malias wvas voted to the chair. MIr. Brooke, the secretary pio tem, read the adverisement convewnig the meeting. ThetMtlR%N said-In callingyourattentiontnthisvery impertant subject, it is not necessary that I horda eminrd you that we approach the largest co ercil qestionwith which it ins ever fallen to the lot of any andtiag5 to deaL We have embarked in raily undertalings a capitdi alsmoesteenty times as laTgea sthat of the Banklf Englanil; yet, notwithstanding that larg:amount ot car:ital, so ittle does lime investment.enjoy the public confidcnce thatruen if wpndence very often chuckle ad cong,ratulate themselves that they do not hold . single railway chase. Gesthnmen, 'this is not as it shuld be; 4d it is hardly necesary to ce,mind yon that tlhe railway inteest Ias at its ecummand :and in its7employineat an zmy -donWble thatin wmnbers which has been canruing en the war-vra, according to the statement of Robert Stephenson, S0,0 mnen.; -ane I might add that they are sonie of the best behaved and best educatedlabourers inthecoutrv ;thntwehave 5000 locomotive engines, each of which represents the power of 100 homes, and, multiplying each horse atig -on the eiros road by 10, would make a power eqwl to 500,000 horses; adding all these tc, the capital invested ij the mndertal;dng, of course it must be matter of the deepest regret that ur property is not more remunerative and moue successfni It is rather a remarkable thing, gentlemen that almost everybody connected withrailwayshasbeen doiag wellexcelt theordinary shareholders. The railway world m3aybe divided into three or four cles. First of al we have ffie einploy$s, to the niumber as I have stated of 90,W00 men. Then we have the preference shareholders and debenture holders, who are pressing rather heavily on you at the present moment; and thirdly you have those whobearthe brunt of the whole undertaking, viz., the ordinary shareholders, who take a dividend if there is anything left after the others are paid; and is not, like residuary legatees, they go without. Therefore, gentlemen, the object in calling you together to-day is to see whether, by the united action of the shareholders, the Last of the three classes, to whom I have alluded as having to bear the bruntfof the whole undertaking, we can form such an association as shall combine its action from time to time, whenever necessary, instead of being, as we are now, a body of shareholders who attend the half-yearly meetings, make our complaints, see the miserable state to which the property is being rednced, but who, after the meeting has separated, have no more power-the directors and officials, and those who have the management of the property, being left uncontrolled, to do as they think fit. The object of calling you together to-day is to discuss a subject which is not new to me. I have been carefully watehing the railway interest for the last three or four years, and I have mnade frequent efforts at the London and North-Western meetings to bring the matter before the attention of shareholders. And in February last I moved the appointment of a committee of investigation, but I was told by the late chairman, that although it might be a very good plan, and very necessary for shareholders to interfere, the proper time had not yet arrived-that it womld be deemed offensive to the directors should such a committee be appointed-and I was requested to withdraw my proposition, and I accordingly did so. At the following meeting, which took place in August last, the directors of the London and North-Western Company, asyon will no doubt manyof yoe recollect,proposed the appointment of a committee, which committee, I presuue, is now sittinr and making their investigations, and when you meet in February next you will probablyget somevery useful information. But the precaution necessary on the part of shareholders is to combine their action, so that they shall be prepared for all contingencies, and to put their shoulders to the wheel to move in the work of reformation. Therefore, gentlemen, havingconsultedthosevwhom I have renmarked from time to time as having taken active parts at the various railway meetings, we have thought that it Will be advisable to form a per nentassociationof such a numerouis body of shareholders in railways, as shall by their weight and influence effect a change whenever it is required in the management of the properties in whichi they are interested, and that the societybe calledthe "Associated Railway Proprietors," or any other name that may be deemed more appropriate, to be governed by a council or committee, anid that all shareholders be eligible, whether they be directors or not. In dealing with the question of railwavs, we must not forget that the canals are either powrerful friends or desneiesi; and I have made it my busi ness to ascertain what is the feeling of the heads of the canal interest as to coming to some beeficial arrangement for mutual advantage, and I think I am justifiied in saying that, provided railway directors meet the canal proprietors in a fair spirit, there will be no great difficulty in cominig to some understanding. I scarcely need toil you, g7entlemen, that in my opinion-and it is the opinion of all practical men-that railways maintain the conteAtbetween themselves and the canalis under much greater disadvantaiges upon their side; the expense of construction, and indeed all the concurrent expenses, are very much less, and the canals carry at far less rates than the railways;* and, ifyou come to the real contest who shall do the work the cheapest, I am afraid that you will find the canals will be able to carry at a cheaper rate. NWow, it is imagined by people in general that the management of railways is so difficult that meii are scarcely to be found who are capable of conducting them with success;* but that is an opinion in which I do not participate. I believe that the same straightforward business habits which are applied to carrying on the vast commercial concerns of this country may be with equal success applied to railwvay affairs; and that your property could be made highly and fairly remunerative. in a very interesting paspar which Mr. R. Stephenson addressed to the Society of Engmeers very recently, many of yon wil recollect that he stated that the saving of a single farthing on the train mile would effect a total saving7 of S0,0001. a year to railway proprietors. What we want, therefore, gentlemen, is a careful and constant vigilance to insure economy in every department; that those whom you employ should be employed solely by yourselves and direct their attention solely to your interests, and I have no doubt fhat we ean find sufficient men with straightforward integrity and talent to cany on the great concerns of railway companies with perfect success for the proprietors an.d with perfect safety' to the public. Now, gentlemen, in looking at the various undertakcings of railw-ays, we should endeavour to separate all hostility of feeling from a calm and just consideration of their.afairs. ,s YOu LOeK ar ruie .North- Western, for example, that is one of the largest commercial undertakimgs in the world. I would recommend yon to dismiss from your minds the personsdo not look at the board of directors or the officials, but consider that for every mrilion of capital you have from 500 to 1,G00 families, and that consequently the whole aggregate of the railway interest in the kingdom numbers some 100,000 or 150,C00 families, whose welfare in great measure depends on the success with which these undertakin are carded on ; and I think that that considertion sholl subdue all hostility of feeling between one railway and the other, and that the same goodwill should be entertained by those ropdetors who hold shares in the different lines, and that allshoodd exercise their influence to reduce asperities and bring about peace and harmony. But then all the harmony iii the world will do us no good unless we get remunierative tariffs. If you are carrying on an amount of business at less than it costsyou, I askyou, as commercial men, what will be the result? What would be the effect on your own affairs if, in making ap your accounts at the end of the year, you find that you have received less than you have paid! Why, you would find the same result that these railways do-that, instead of making the profit that you are fully entitled to, you would have met vith heavy losses. Therefore, one of the objects of the association will be to enforce the revision of the tariffs, and that negotiations may be opened with the governing railway boards to bring about such a general arrangement of prices and charges as shall afford to each a fair compensation for the capital expended, and shall provide a sufficient fund to bear the casualties and vast expenditure to whiich railways are subject. Xow, I have not the slightest intention, m bringing this suibject before you, to cast a shadow of blame on any board of directors. WOe want their co-operation, and' not thir hostility; and I am ready to believe that the railway boards throughout the kingdom embrace men of the highest integrity and talent. But one great error, as it appears to me, has been the system of audit. I know that there are several auditors in the room, and to them I appeal as to wvhether the system cardied on is likely to produce such a check upon the expenditure of railways as' they would adopt in their own private affairs. For exanmple, I believe the practice is, i private life, before we pay accounts, to auditthem ourselves, and see that they are correct. But -that is not the practice of sfways, for the audit takes place at the end of the half-year,when the'whole of the mischief is done, and, as to refunding, it is a thin' of whlich we seldoiu, if ever, hear. Therefore, I appreliendthat such audits are compaatively useless. In some cases we find railvays conducted withgreatprudenco andcare, and I could naime one or two which some two or three years ago wele in a very intricate position, but, through good management and prudence, have raised their dividends and regained their position in the market; but I do not deal with this question individually. It is a matter for general consideration, and it appears to me that the only efficient mode of audit is that which precedes payment; that a much more powerful mnode of examining, auditing, and passing railway accounts is necessary, and the only mode o doing it is by the appoiln tment of an el}ieient board or committee of audit, with control to deal 'with all subjects before thne payment IS missle and finally passed. Theypublic confidenee is 'wrecked upon this rock, rime general impression prevails that the capital account in made subservient to revenue purposesthat no railway is earniing sufflcient money to pay itswa, if honestly and fairly every charge were paid out of the earnings of thebIme. Prudent men are afxaidtoinvestmteir money in ras. They apprehend that they are being grossly deceived, and that if the accounts were firly made up there would be no dividends for the shareholders- and I believe that that is one of the main point with which we have to deal in the future governMent and management of raiEays; g,nd, howvever disagreeable itinay be to boards of director-, n;y opinion is, thatif somethingeffectusl be not done ol that joint, al our efforts vwill be comparatively uweess, and railwayo will contiinue toebe a depreciated and suspetedproperty; anJ, therefore, the formation of such a committee of audit and onttiol mn-nm the'firsncipl and primary object to wbich sliaieholders shon -direct their attention. 'Row nupposing that sclhconunitti.of audit and control could be feozmsc tile obje3tt to wlech they would have to direct their attention would be thq closing, - when r2ssible, of capital accounts, and, where 'not yet possible, t e ad6ption' .f such stringent measures ias would render the appEcation of capital to revenue puttoses absolutely inmpossible. (Hear.) The exercise of an efiA st audit hLs never yet, to my knowledge, been egEperitn'ed by any railway company; as far as I can judge, the Iv.dit has been exclusively cowtined to the debtor side of tWe account, hence you have been carrymng en your great 'eacrms for some time past at a continually depreciatisiglrice, and it is within mny howledge that sensee railways'al the first respcectability and magnitulde are now ca:rryimmjtgoods for particular people at prices which are pr ,Iectly:tbsurd. N;ow, amy impression is, that we are stand-ng I in tih_ position of old turnpike-read trulstees-that thc railI wass of the kmde¢dm are nsubiec roads-that all mer. hart, theright to use them on equal terms, for equal prfrposE * bt* so long as you give to your managers the poVur of taking what I ca11 exceptional or special rates, so Ioag 'iWM it be perfectly impossi})le to control the cxpnditure or the receipts of railways, and so long wiill your pre,pertyv:ontinue to be depreciated, as it is st the present monnt, if not munch worse, for the downward pregreas has wsot yet been airrested. Rlailway property has beesn sosathiug like from, 6 to 10 per cent, lower this year than it was last year; and, if you refer to the records, yrou wiLl find that its dowvnward pro"'ress his been nuroeusing, except at moments of specO excitement. I ask you how long is that to go on:9 (Hear, hoar.) Therefore, 1 think that the object of the assocmted shareholders should betthe imediateconditutionon-each railway of an efficient committee of audit and control, which shaU strictly examine the receipts and psyments -o every description, and shall look into every source of revenue, and the cost at which that revenue is obtained. Because if you !get a revenue of 10,000. a-week, and it costs you 9,500t., then you, the third parties, who come ar.d take the residue of anything that is left, are the sufferers-but not the preferential shareholders or the bondholders, nor the cmploy6i. As to the number to form the committee, that is a matter for consideration hereafter, bat I believe that too much pains cannot be given to the point of the separation of capital and revenue, so that not the shadow of suspicion shall rest on the mindsof the pubEc that the one is appropriated to the other. I believe that we ought to go as far as this-that the capital should be in the cnstody of one set of men, and the revenue in tie custody of another, and that this board of audit and control shall be inperativelv called pn, on their awn responsibiity as gentlemen arid men of business, to certify to the shareholders before any payment is made, as to whether it belongs to revenue or to capital. (Hear, hear.) It is a connuon saying, gentlemen, and one of which I need scarcely reminid you, that things are " made pleasant"' at the expense of the capital account. Now, although the closing of the capital account is one of tie favor rite theories of railway shareholders, yet I would remind you that the capital account can never be finaUy closed, because the important operations of issuing debentres, that is, of creating vast stuns of money by bonds payable to bearer, is continually going on, and therefore too much care cannot he taken to provde funds to meet these debentures, so that your property shall not be endangered. Therefore that is an object which would occupy the attention of such a connmitttee as that which I have suggested. Now, another subject of great suspicion is the deteroration which isgoing on constantly in your roads and your rolling stock. At the present moment, in consequence of whathas occurred on a railway which I need not name, by the report of the Government Inspector, Colonel Wynne, it appears that the permanent road has been miserably neglected, and it is a source of great anxiety that any public railway should be in such a state ; but yet, gentlemen, though there have been meetings in two or three towns, promuloating the notion that that railway is not safe or fit to travel upou, yet so clastic is the property with which we are called upon to deal that, if you refer to the returns of the last week, you will find that there is an increase of 2,0001. in its traffic. Therefore I say, gentlemen, what reason have we to despair? I admit that the costof railways has exceeded all expectations and allestimates. Butl remind you that the return has also exceeded as much all the estimates by which it was calculated, and I believe that we have only to adopt the right course to make these retains as remunerative as they ought to be. But it cannot be done without trouble and attention, and it is for the shareholders to consider whether it is worth their while to give that attention to their own affairs or not. Mr. Robert Stephenson, in the paper to which I before alluded, very properly remarks that the deterioration, after a course of years, reaches an annual average, and is a charge just as fixed as the fuel which you burn or the salaries which you pay. Therefore, to attempt to put it off and create depreciated funds, and put into them less money one year than you spend in that year, and shifting the burden to the future, is not dealing with the subject in that wise and prudent manner in which it ought to be dealt with; because, what is the effect of underrating expenditure ? If you do so, you make a, mistake in that most important point, the rate at which you can carry goods or passengers ; and one error leads to another.. It is said that the Irish railwavs are better managed than the English; but I am not sufficiently acquainted with the subject to say whether itis so or not, but Itlunk itis possible that the want is provided in Ireland which is the ruin of those that we represent. Looking to the other side of the Channel, I would allude to a leading article which appeared in the Daiy News of yesterday, and it is a paper well worth the perusal of any railway shareholder. In that article a comparison is given between the Freneh and English lines. The article begins with stating that on the Ist of January last 31 British railways, on which capital was expended of 129,000,0001., were only wortb, at the market price of the day, 89,000,0001. At the same time 13French railways, onwhich 31,000,0001. have been ex- uded, at th feuotations of the day were worth 60,000,000!. oerefore, was the British railnays had depreciated more tha nathird of the money actually expended the Fren'ch railways had actually doubled, or nearly so, their capital, the dividend on the French lines beingl10 7-4per cent., after providing funds out of which to redeem the capital;for, as you are aware, after a certain lapse of time, the railvays in France revert to the Government of the coitry. Now, gentlemen, there is one delusion under which I believe therailway world is verymuch depressed; it is that the extensions and guarantees have totallyruined railway property. If that were true, all our efforts would be in vain, because, if their ruin proceeded from that cause, we might save ourselves at once the trouble of any further consideration about it. But that is not the fact. I shall refer to the London and North-Western Railway Company, not in the slightest spirit of hostility, but because it is the head and crownv of all the railway undertakings.. By its magnitude and length and strength of pocket it will ruin its neighbours; but at the same time it may ruin itself, arnd I merely make the comparison with that line for the purpose of observing that, unless we can get them to act with prudence and with wisdom, it will bo quite in vain to attempt to enforce better measures in other railways. On the Ist of January, 1846, the capital invested in the rolling stock of the London and NorthWestern Railway Company was 851,4421., and the net earnig of the year 1846 was 1,197,8391. The number of engines employed was 220; that is nine years ago. On tne 1st of January, last yeas, the capital invested in their rolling stock was 2,404,72SI. The net earnngs were only 931,9611., although the engines were thrice as numerous-viz., 053; so that by trlin tIe engines from 2-20 to 653, the nettraffiorevenue of the North-Western liad been reduced from 1,197,8391. to 931,9611., being 26.5,8781. less for the work of 653 engines than for the work of 220. Therefore, gentlemen, I ask you not to despair of railway property, and not to sappose that these extensions have ruined you. I admiit that they have injured yen, but the thing that is creating the ruin under which the railwray w orld is groaning is the workingt in many cases for nothing. I believe the passenger traffic is paying extremely welL. Calculations which have been carefmly gone into show that the working and unavoidable expenses are not so heavy that they inipose any real impediment to railways paying as well in England as they do abroad. But the figure of our country is much less favourable than that of France, because ours is a long and narrow country, and you can go to any principal towvn in the kingdom along two or three lines of railway. But not so with France, wlhich is a square block of comitry, and in which railways cnjoy not only Governmental, but territorrid monopoly. t is for railvay proprietors to neutralize this conformation of our country, and insure by mutlal concession and goodwill that very moderate profit which you require to pay your dividenlds. Now, I think, gentleman, that it should be an instraction fiom the society (which I hope we shall be able to enforce) that all railway managers, in making calculations of the cost at which they can carry goods or passengers, should add to them interest at least of 4 per cent. to the ordinary shareholders, because interest for yourcapital is just as much an expense which you incur as the coke which you burn in your engines. it is truc that you can be deprived of it, hut that does not prevent its being an expense of daily occurrence, and it ought not to prevent such expenditure being charged among the common workingexpenses, instead of being conftLed to the 50 per cent. ordinarily allowed for worldng expenses. The next item-debenture interest-is just as mucL a charge as coke. Until you get 4 per cent. for your capital you get nothing; because without the trouble incidental to the management of the line your money wouldpay youthat amount at simple interest; but with all this trouble you do not get simple interest. Another subject of recat anciety to us is the way in which Parliament deals with railway property. Parliament, yoe will recollect, gentlemen, is the representative of the people but-e form a veryimportant section of the people aso, for Mr. Robert Stephenson shows that at least one in 50 of the whole population is entirely dependent on the exist ence of railways Now, if we embrace so large a portion as one in O of the population, and a very large section of all the nen of property in the kingdom, we possess an amount of Parliamentary influence which shoeld saveus hi the liour of need; and I believe that our great object shouldbe that we should exercise all the Parliamentary interest which we can, and so prevent that reckless ruin of onr p,roperty that has been going on for so many years. Ithink s-lall not trespass further on your attention than by statilgtliat resolutions will now be proposed to you, combining the objects which I have so feebly laid before yon,. and that this meeting wil be adjourned till the 3Ist inst.; and in the meantinse we may be able to collect such a body together as shall give us power to exercise in our own affairs that influence which, when united, we ought to possess; and I feel confident that if our association is sumciently numerous, and its affairs are conducted with prudence and discretion, we shall very soon see our roperrt placed on a very advantageous footing. (Hear.) ur object wvas also to ask you for any suggestions which you have to make. We are not wedded to any plan of our Dwn, bit all these points will form the subject of discussicen before the comnnittee, or council, which may be aVointed; and whenyou find that the saving of a sin,"e tartbingperetrain miewMl-add to the gross piofit of the railways- of this country 80,000!. per ahnuan, you can readily believe that no suggestion, howver eminute, will bo zens dered rusmporant. ye have already received numepus letters approving iii the very highest .terms tho injects which we. prbpose to carrv out; and gentlemen cey coSent opi>nio antd hope taihhatyiptohisr moempent Xs followed uIp it will he attended with the greatest; possible veneflt. I .see before me gentlemnen of great ezxperlsnce in nilircy matter.s, whose opinions I have asertairned in conbrencen writh theirs, a47 they all take the sawo nlew. Therefore, gentlemen, IC cal upon ypu to giveus Your SUPport in this associatio- (Cheers.) Mr. MfCLXI.Lyi%oposed a resolution to tho effeetthat a society be nowv friued, to be called -" The Railway Proprietors Associati',n> 'the object being for the proteCtion of railWYPaetan its restoration to a fair and legititlhte al; rstictngandl closing the eaia cclt n e SUZrssso o ruiou5s tariffs by trioilarne melltF Betho6htif they were to.take a con ftfi sto 4 heylVOld ndthat it been depreciated fully iCt per Ctlat. during the past year, and that within the pas!k three Bears it had been depreciated from 2S to 30r,ierecent. olow wvhat it waVs in 1853. The charges foe accommodation had not been framed in accordance with the first eost of the article to the public. The chief causes of the depreciation in railway property arose from the inicrease in the capital accotnts, competition, and unremunerative tariffs. The latter wasvwhat they had principally to complain of. With rega-d to the unjustifiable increase of capital, he would allude t o one company thathad expended 31,345,0001. in 1853, and had increasedtho amount in the course of 1S months by 2,026,0001., increasing the preference charges by 109,260. for the year,.while the worsig expenses tad been increased by 127,8151. The Great- Western Company had increased' their capital account by 2,978,0891. in the course of 18 moniths, the prefereneechargesin proportion, and theworkingexpenses41i,9231. There had bee no increase in the charges for tfie conveyaneo of trafic on those lines, while the cost of worldng the traffic had increased 20 per cent. The affairs of railway coampamies had been esaied on in eontravention of every sound commereial principle. Efforts had been made to prevent competition. They were told at the meetings of the Great Western, the London and North-Western, and the Great Northern that they were compelled to charge low rates for goods in consequence of the competition of other lines. He believed if they succeeded in forming the association of proprietors they would be enabled to put a stop to that state of things. They would be enabled to bring their power tobear ateachrueeting. The chairman anddirectors would, of course, tell them it -was not their fault, but the fault of the directors of some other company. Another very foolish thing was done by the directors of the metropolitan lines in respect to the excursion traffic; just at the time that every one was preparing-to leavetown excursiontrains werestarted to convey them for fares considerably below the ordinary rates. It was clear that if innkeepers were to Vharge only one-half or one-quarter the usual rates when their houses were filled nith customers tho effect would be disastrous. The tariff on such occasions eharged by the Eastern Counties Company was particularly low, and he would say unremunerative. The London and North-Western Connpany did not sin so much in that respect as others, although their excursioii fares to Liverpool, Birminighain, and other places were less than they ought to be. The great fault with railway directors was giving too much acconunodation, and taking too little for it. The salaries and emoluments of railway officials were too high. It had been remarked by Mr. Stephenson, who was a great authority on railway matters, that, notwithstanding, competition and low fares railway traffio had gone on inereasing; but, althoughthetaffic had increased considerably, there had been no corresponding increase of dividend. He thought that showed a grievous error in the mana ement . (Aplauie.) It was not likely, as stated by Captain Huisb, that Englishmen would sit down idly and repme at that state of things, without making some energetic exertions to put matters right. If the shareholders would do their duty as men of business, he, for one, had no fear for railway property. They did not want to alter railway boards so much as they required the alteration of their plans. It was the system of eahng with the property that required alteration. A SRABEROLDER fully concurred in the observations, but thought they should lay dowin some general principles to guide them as to future management. He considered that railway directors were not paid sufficient for their services. 1001. a-year wasuotsu'dicientto secure their attention to the interests of the shareholders. Mr. VAXCE said the great evil was not so muchfrom want of good nimna,gement as from what was called the jobbery of directors. Whenever the question of an extension line or a branch or lease of another line was brought forward to n hnch he was opposed he alwavs found that the independent slareholders were swamped with proxies sent to the directcrs, and, of course, they could do nothing. At other times cmipetition was got up for a purpose. A comparison had I cen made between the management of French and English sailways, but he thought the slower rate of traveling edopted in France would not be tolerated in England. 'f hey also charg7ed lower rates, and, owing to the slower rate <f travelling, their expenses were not so much as in England. Mr. B. J. HERAPiTH remarked that the object to accomphish was the closing of the capital accounts of established iailway companies. The principal reason why the railways of the kingdom did not pay remunerative dividends was that the capitalexpenditure had been so enormous. The railways of France had been alluded to by their lion. chairman, in contrast with those of England. It was quite tre that French railways were valuable undertaldngs to the proprietors, aind the circumstance might be traced to.tho same cause-a low capital expenditure in comparison with the heavy outlay on English railways. We might mention that in Belgium the dividendsof the State railways werelast year as high as 61 percent., being nearly double that on railways in the united Idngdom, yet the traffic on the Belgian railways was thinner than on English lines. The reason the Belgian railways were enabled to pay a fair rate of dividend was the comparatively light cost at which they were constructed. It was so in every other country where railways were fairly, and even highly remunerative to the proprietors, instead of being unremunerative, as in England. In this country they had paid, in Parliamentary and law expenses, about 25,000,0001. in obtaiing acts of ParLiament for railway companies. - Mr. B. Stephbenson land stated the amount at 14,000,0001., but he (Mr. Herapath) believed the full amount would show 25,000,00O. as the expenditure. He hoped they would be able to ferns such an association of railway shareholders as would control the proceedings of railway compsni$ in future. It was well known that established railway companies were still nrogressmg in capital expenditure, and the causes of it, to the detriment of the present and future dividends. The beneficial effect of controling tlle future capital expenditure would be felt firstly in the increase of dividends, and secondly by giving public confidence to railways as investments. A powerful association of railkvay shareholders would cure those gi,gantic evils, which but for such interference might go on accumulatinfor years, and in time utterly swamp the dividends of railway shareholders. The absolute and complete closing of capital accounts of old lines would vastly increase public confidence in railway undertakings. There was an impression in the minds of many country gentlemen that railway dividends came out of capital, en the ground that the current capital e.xpenditure of railway companies generally amounted to as much as the sum paid in dividend. The public would never believe in the honesty of railway accounts until the capital accounts were closed. With regard to the raising of passenger f ares, it could not be done without damage to the railway interests. The rates for goods mightin some cases be raised with advantage. The means of reducing the worLing expenses were chiefly to be found in reducing the number of trains, by taking off those that were unreinuneIative. If a train had only five or six passengers it could not pay, although they might charge the highest fares allowed, as the cost was about 2s. per train mile; but if they had 100 third-class passengers, each at ld. per mile, it would yield&S. 4d. per mile, which wsould be very remunerative. When it w as considered that the traffic on railways in theunitedkingdom amountedin 1855to above21,200,0001., and that in the course of six or seven years there was every probability of the traffic for the year amounting to 30,000,0001., it was clear that a great dealwasto be oxpeeted in the shape of increased dividend from good maiiagement and an energetic and determined course on the part of the shareholders to close the capital accounts. Mr. BULLEP. adverted to the successful results of an association formed by Sir W. Molesworth, Mr. Hume, and others for reforming the managenient of the colonies, and they succeeded in convincing those who opposed them that the colonies should be allowed to govern themselves. The question was whether the shareholders would take the trouble to <'overn their own affairs ; and, with regard to paying the airectors for their services, hethought they were the worst anaiaged lines where they paid the most, such as 2,0001. a-year to MIr. Waddington, of the Eastern Counties, and 2,0001. a-year to Mr. Ma%gregor, of the South-Eastern. Mr. Goxrv said he thought, with respect to railway matters, they would do well to copy froni their neighours. The great evil to railway property in England arose from bad egislation. The free-trade polcy recommended by the late Sir R. Pee had nearly ruined railway property. There was no occasion for three railroads from London to Manchester and other places. In France competing lines were not allowed, and fixed charges were made on every line for the conveyance of passengers and goods, so that there could be no competition. Lhe chairmen of railway companies were perfectly independent of the shareholders, andwhat was worse-they were irresponsible for their acts and manamgement. The directorsof companies in other countries were trustees and made accountable for their management. Great power was given to the mana-ers of English railways; there was no punishment for the falsification of accounts. If a general manager were to put down a false or fictitious sum of 10,00L. with a view to deceive the shareholders, the Government of other countries would have lim nut inr prison for his misconduct. There was no check in England on railway managers, and, unless a dsfferent policy were adopted, railways would never be remunerative to the original shareholders. After a fewv observations from the CmnmmA the resolution was put, and unanimously adopted. On the 2notion of Mr. WisGiu, seconded by Mr. P. TUCEETT, it was resolved " That the government of the association sheuld be by a prcsident and council, consisting of 12 or more mlembers, and their services to be eratuitous."s Dr. CowAX recommended the promoters to obtain lists of tle shareholders of railway companies, and send circulars to iliemi on the subject. He could furnish lists of the shareholders of threoe xilway companies to which he belonged, and he had no doubt that shareholders in other companies could do likewvise. He vould, if possible, send a circular to every shareholder ia the kingdom. A great deal of nischief had been done by unwise leislation, which had cost the companies at least 20,000,000g . out of a capital of to0,000,0001. Every one vas convinced that there must be an entire change in tbe legislation and management of railway property. On the notion of 3Mr. GRnixEy, seconded by Mr. 4 HoBsoN, it was agreed that mbscriptions should be paid into theLondon and Wesbtinster Bank, and be drawn out as required, by the signature of tw-o of the committee. Mr. HoDsoN knew a case in which a railway company was charged 801. per tOII for certain stores whicrl he showed could bepurchased of other personsfor 331. per ton. That mxas a specimen of how conipanies were over-charged. In the course of a short conversation it was stated that. railway - shareholders were under great obligations to the press geierally for the able and straightforward manner in which they had defended their rights said made known injuri'is indicted upon them. . Leec, M. Icar, Dr Coran Br T.Tegg, At. Buller, r. J. J. Leon, MWr. Hobson, &nd .r. 3itchelt , to carry .011 tt]l ebjects vi tbemeeting; and th~ ~latex 1= s' d- jourmed to the ;d inst. for the purpose of e -. bers and for generalbusiness of tlhesocatiion. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedlags. - lONDON, BRIGHTON, AND SOUTH COAST. TIe directors of thiscompanyhave justissuedtheirreport. It states that the unount of capita raised to the 31st of December last is 7,722,71., consisting of 1,869,435l. mortgage debt, 1;237,6461. preference capital, and 4,615,634!. consolidated stock. The total ca'ital outlay during the half-year has been 17,0311., of wt,ich 8,0391. has been expended for enlargement of the London terminus and the colnpletion of the Crystal Palace station, and the remainder for te several 'works necessary to insure the safety and convenience of the bube. Considering that there only remains a balanceof 23, z21. of unexpendedcapital, the directors have endeavouredto curtail as much as possible the charges to the debitof capital, and accordingly some itemisforadditions and improvements to the line and stations, which strictlybelong to capital, are nowv charged to revenue. The gross revenue for the half-year has been 408,606., showing an merease of 12,1604. over the corresponding half-year of 1854, tvhich was 31,726. more than that of the corresponding half--ear of 1853. Of that excess 8,383!. arises in tle coachig, and the remainder in the gocds trafflc. The Crystal Palace traffic has produced during 1855 the sum of 43,153L The directors consider the result of the traffic on the -E&st Grin.stead line as opposed to the opinion of the prejudicial effect of branch lines upon the parent ra a as proing the propriety and desirabilitg of affordmng reasonable encouragement to landownuers andoethers who may desire to obtain railway accommodation without calling upon the company to incur any outlay of capital, orto undertaLeumdue eggements in the shape of rent. The sum of 14,7731. has been paid under the award in respect to the Croydon accident, and the amount hasbeen placed to the debit of the revenue account for the past half-year. The revenue account for the half-year shows that 396,980t. had been received and 182,1591. expended, as against 384,3191. -received and 177,330t. expended at the corresponding period of 1854. A tabilar statement in the report shows that the gross receipts on the line for the year 1848 amounted to 453,408!., and for 1855 to 719,0221. The number of passengers conveyed in 1848 wvas 2485,778, and the receipts 349,977t., and m 1855, 6,348,938 passengers, the receipts being 495,720t. The number of miles run bg the trains in 1848 was 1,119,30S;- andin 1855, 2,092,517. The total exenditure in1848 amounted' to 187,87!. ana ill 1855 to 338,859!., mcludmng 14,7741. for the Croydon accident. At the same iime 12,360!. was taken ont of the reserve fund tor renewals. The increase in tle receipts on the line during th. past seven years appears to have been 249,1091., and in the expenditmle 151,772!.;* showiing a uet increase of 97,327!. WVith the exception of 4,690!., the reserve fuend has nowv been expended in renewringT, improving, and fisbjointing the permuanent wvay, and the result has been a considerable diminution of the current outlay and cost of labeur for rcaintenance. The directors proPose to continue from time to time to relay the lIme writh fished joints. The net amunont to the credit of revenue for the half-year is 137,574!., out of vhich the directors recommend a dividend of 2!. 18s. per cent: for the half-year, amounting to 133,853!., leaving a balance of 3,7211., and making the total dividend for the year 185*5 amount to 5 per cent. The total expenditure on capital account amounts to 7,776,778!. MANCHESTEB, SHEFFIELD, .AND IJNCOLN=SHnIE. The work-ing expenses and other outgoings of this company's railwnays (exclusive of the Mfanchester, South Junction, and Altringham, stated below,) have amounted in the flrst fortnight of the half-year to 8,813!. Os. 5d., being at the rate of 54 28 per cent, on the railwsy traffic for that period. The proportion of the South Junction, &-c., receipts accruing to this company for the same fort;night have amounted to 736!. 2s. 2d., the expenses being 371. lOs, 5d., or at the rate of SO-S0 per cent. TRllIC RETURNS. 3,lIs Psas 1,Ier- o'aI Toa, BauayL opn sc egem4 badise 156 1am Week ending Jan. 16. MeonsandM uanae ........ .. 21 . 78 .. S06 .. 8s5 .. 761 Week codnguJan.L 19. Dublin and Wicklow . SO..- .. 273. 13 Glasgow and South-Western -. .. - .. - .. 5,f2i5.. 4,810 Wzeek ending Jan. 20. K2adal andWinde.mese .. - .. - .. - .. 14e.. 142 I I
HOW TO XAXE YEAST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE T4ES. Sir,-In reply to the letter of "1L" in 21c linzes of this morning, and dated January 17, I beg to say that I copied the following receipt from yonr paper in September or October last. I have used it ever since with invariable nud complete success. If the receipt is the same as that alluded to by "IL," there mnst have been some fault in preparing it, as I have never found it faiL I ma]re bread three times a-week with it for my family. The bread takes a considerably longer time to rise in the sponge, and also after being'.made into dough, than that made with ordinary yeast, aud is better for being baked in a tin. x LE "Boil two ounces of the best hops in four quarts of water for half an hour, strin its and let it cool to newa milk wfarmth; then put in a small handful of salt and UTb. of brown sugar; heat up llh. of the best flour with some of the liquor and then Dmi all well together. This shoild be done on i!onday. On Wednesday add 31h. of potatoes boiled and mashed. Let it stand till Thursday, then strin it and put it into bottlest and itis ready fornse. The bottles should not be corked until tho yeast has quite done working. "It must be stirred frequently while inaldng, and kept near the fire. ".Before using shake the bottle well up. " It will keep in a cool place for two months, and is best at the latter part of the time." TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIMS. Sir,-In answer to your correspondent "H1I." the follow. ing I consider to be an undoubted reciVe, and one in constoat use in Cornwall, where yeast is difficult to be procured. I am. Sir. sour obedient servant. DOUGH. JAM 21. Put one hunfdfu of hops to three quarts of water, ana let it boil two hours then strain the hops away, mixing a pint of flour with the fiquor, and while hot a teacup-full of moist sugar; let it stand and get lukc wavm, then work it witha teau-full of yeast, stirring it often; let it stand one day, anrd then put it into) jars for use. quantity-one quart of t-he -above to one busbjel of flour.
hITERS G OcCaE c.-The Saffordshire Advcrtiecr records a very interesting occnrrence which took co recentlyin-the parish of HaAastan, near Tasworth. i: brothaers, four of whom are clerg'men, met together to celebrate the birhday of the eldest, A7ho is rector of the parish. The day being Sunmay, they aE .ssisted in the perormaneo of DivDie wervice in the morning-the rector, the Rev. R. R. Blox.an, read the prayers and ttany; the Rev. Andrew Blexam, incumbent of Twycrosr, ireached- the Rev. John Bloxam, D.D., Fellow of Magj&ene Coilege, Oxford, read the Conunnion mwvico; the Btev. Thomas Bloxanm, of Rugby,- read tho Epistle; and the two laymen, l1r. 2latffiew ho1beche Bloxam, ofRugby, autboraf Gotaq, Architcclare,'and 3tr. Heinzr 1oxam of Shrvsbus, read the Lessons for the day. -Bezvzinghtnr Gazette. T}r MunmiR x- LvmnPoOL.-The miquest on the body of the girl Drummond, brutally murdero& in Wo]festrect, Liverpool, on 3Monday mornm by her ahu doiied associate, tegsn opened yeetcrjay before the borough coroner of that tovun, but had not tenrnatea when onr parcel was despatched. The evidence bore out the facts ads stlated n 27ze Timnes ef yesterday, no new feaes being' developed.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-THE WIFE JMURDER AT BATH. The inquaest respecting the death of Eiria HoweLiJ td particulars of which we gave yesterday, wcas commenced osi Monday eveng at the Guldhall beforeMm A. HL English, the city coroner, when the following evidence was ad. duced:- James :Box, cordwainer, of 2, Abbey-streeta deposed'-- that at about 25 minutes to 1 on Sunday mnorning he heard' a knoeck at his door, and went downstairs and found Jame3 Howell in the passage;- he said he wanted Mrs Webb, a midwife who lived in 'witness's house. She.was called ap, and went with Howell to 14, Avon-street. After witness went upstairs, and before Mm Webb was ready to go, _ e heard Howell cursing and sweaing m the passage, and went down and told him to let the woman hve time to put her clotheson. He saia, "Bring the-oat orshewill bee dead before the - gets there." M Webb was frightened at the langaage of the man, and went avay with him half-dressed. Howell appeared to be in liquor, and bad only his trousers and boots on. o Mrs. Webb, midwife, confirmed the evidence of the lat witness, adding that, when she le£t her house to go with Howell, he said to her, "31aLe haste along and F'ee'got a noggin of gin for you when you get there." I said, I'didnot w ant his gin,.but hoped his wife woald get safe through it. He said he ws afad abe would be dead before I get there. I had twice previously attended his w ife with children, one of which 'as dead. He lighted me upstairs into the room, and then said, I "You nay tako me up or dowhatyonlike with me ; I don't care." He said this when he looked at his wife, who appeared nearly dead, and was gasping for breath. I remained w,ith her from that time till her death. Shewas never sens'ble during the time. When I went inIasked- if the woman had been confined, an there was blood about her person and on the loor of the room. There were four or five other persons in the room. I imnmediately sent for medical assistance, and Mr. Cox andc Mr. J. Barrett arrived in about a quarter of an hour. I didt not see the husband after he first entered the roomwith me; he left almost immediately afterwaTds. I was tolD the woman had been struck by her husband, but I did not touch her till the medical men came. She'died in about a minute after they arrived. She had scarcely any perceptible pulse when I got to the house. I felther heart, but could discover noaction. I believe deceased's husband was a drinling man. The child, that was born dead, was prematurely born. Mr. W. A. Cox, surgeon.-1 was called by a policevnau at, half-past 12 o@clock on Saturday night to the deceased. I at'ended immediately, in comnpany with Mr. John Barrett, surgeon, who happened to be with me at the time: Wea fonnd the deceasedlIyng on the bed, her :lothes saturated with blond, and much blood on the floor. I examiined!. the external organs of generation, and found a lacerated wound from which venous blood was issuing. I stanched the wound with a wet cloth. We then proceeded!. to use means for the restoration 'of the woman. She gave a few feeble gasps and expired ; I should think within twominutes after we reached her. Very feeble signls of lifewere present-when we first entered; she was in a moribundstate. Ha-ing satisfied ourselves that life was quite ei-tinct, we delivered her by the Oesarian operation of a healthymale child, with which she was in her last month of pregnancy. The child was dead; it showed no signs at all or life. Yesterday, in conjunction with 3r. Barrett, E made a post vortem examination of deceased. The bodl was quite bloodless, with the exceptionoftheright side oftho heart, wvhich contained dark flui blood. The organs of the bodythroughoutw ereperfectlyhealthy Ontheextenalparts of generation we foundthat thewound, of wichIhavebefore spoken, hadternthe rcatus 7xanmens, or wraterpassage,fronz its supenor attacLuments, and we found wounds extending in adirection correspondingwiththedescnadingramni of the pubes; that on the right side two inches downw^vards and bac'kwards into the right labiun, that on the left side about one and n-half inch into the left labium. These wounds, -which must have been the result of violence, were the cause of death, and might have been produced bya kick or stamping. They could not be naturally caused. When I found the state in which the wroman was on the night I was callec! in, I went out andgave her husband into custody; he was standing on the landing outside the room. Afterwards I went to the police station for the purpose of examining his boots. There -was no blood upon them. There was some bloodupon hishands. Icould not perceive that he was tipsy. He made no remark when I g,ave him into custody, There was no projecting point about any of the furniture wrhich could have produced such a wound; faD;uz' against the side of the bedstead wrould not have done so. 'lVe par. ticularly examined the apartment to see if there was anything there vhich wouldyave causedthe inury. There was nothing except the corner of a chair, which possibly might have done so. I cannot say whether the -woman was drunk at the tineshemet with the injury. She had been drinking some beer. Mr. John Barrett corroborated the evidence of 3r. Coc as to the appearances of the deceased and the probable cause of death. The inquest was then adjourned till the following morning. The practice which obtains in Middlesex of investigations into cases similar to the above being entered upon by thtt magistrates contemnoraneously wvith the coroner prevailsn. Bath. During thccourse of the inquiry the jury more than. Once expressed their desire to have the husband of the deceased before them to give him an opportunity of hearing what was stated against him, and of makng any defence he might choose to offer. The Coroner said, that former experience led him tobelieve that an application to the magistrates would be fruitless, and that he would in all probabity be referrea to the Secretary of State for the Home Departnient. Hle, however, undertook to forward a remonstrance, on behalf of the jury, against the course parsued to the magistrates.
SCIENCE INe Wmmss-:BOL-The uigeley inquests, if they teach society that none of us can be assured against the machinations of the poisoner, have also shown, even more em hatically, that there is no poisoner who canbe now assured against detection. Hell upon earth is thc doom, henceforth, of the subtle murderer while he lves nndiscovered; for no time can release him from the terror of the day that may come, when in theface of allbis fellow-men the very dead shall be drawn up out of the grave to bear witness against him. There is an end of the old comfort, " dead men tell no tales." Of all others they are now become the witnesses whom poisoners have most to - fear. How vaguely -was this foreshadowed in the superstition of our forefathers, whose notion of the best evidence of foul play was to bring a suspected murderer into the presence of the corpse ! risely the same notion we carry now into effect; but for the supernatural there is put a natural lauguage,whichsciencehasacquiredthepowerof interpretingA sporting surgeon is suspected suddenly of havinj settled an account after some races by poisoning his friend. Suspicion grovs into conviction, and the shadows of past crimes begin to flit about the nan. e had gamblednotisihorses only. In life assurance also he had won heavy stakes; and as well among persons on whose lives he held polies, a among others to whom it was believed ho owed racmg debts, tce mortality was reported to be heavy. Once loose there was no limit to suspicion; but attenticn concentrated itself at Last on whp offered most grounds for inbirywhether his owvn wife and brother had not been among~ his -wictimss It cas ordered that the bodies should be disinterred. It w2as said, "let the dead speak-; and, inr a clear voice, the murdered wife baa spoken. We do not remember any case exemplifying so remarlsably the great advance made in our time by science, not only as ourr helper in every-day life, but as a power bearin witness agaist crime. Zledica{. 'uiprudence is no longer confined within its fonner limits. It has appheed to its use some p art of almost every science (of chymistry a very greatpart), has brought to the help of its pure knowledge anunute study of experience and practical details, and has trainedits. practitioners into a close system of logical deduction. Some such refiections the evidence of Professors Taylor and Bees, in the first Bugeley inquest, must have suggested to every one. Twenty years ago, detection of the crime 'which only science has been able now to track would have been utterly impossible; and even so late as last year, when it was committed, the alleged crininali might have believed detection of all things the most unlikely. With terrible dexterity. suiting his poison to the time, advantage rppears to have been taken of the prevalence of cholera to try what may not unfairly perhaps be called an experiment in poisoning. A drugwas selected of wahich,though the ordinarydose is below a grain, as much as 90 grains have been given, in minute doses, within 24? hours; and of which it is .inown that even a large quantity has been swallowed without necessarily producing death. It has by no means the character of a sure poison, and for the purpose of slow poisoning, under ordinary circumstances, it ws little likely to beused. But there was the special hint, as we have remarked, suggested by the disorder prevailing at the time. It is a- character of the drug in question to produce in those brought under its inauence extreme depression. Tartan emegc reduces the vigour of life, caues sickness, andbrings on generally a disorder of the bowels. What so prudent experiment in poisoning could be devised, at a time wheo every one was disposed4y the prevaence of the epidemic to see cholera in symptoms like these, s the sinuaton of a cholera case by continuing, and only just continung for a snfficient length of timc, the sickness and extremeprostration of the victim ? The result we know. 2<or dowe see that any graver charges of errer in connexion with it. lie fairly at the door of the professional men by whom thea deceased was attended, than perhaps too great a readinecss upon points where nothing but personalexamination should have satisfied them, to accept information from a husband who "was kind to all about him," and who was ibliself a. qalied practitioner. Where they were remiss, unyone emight, and most probably would, have been not-less so. The husband who bends over a dying wife does not in the course of nature fall under suspicion. The wife died, aocording to the certificates of her attendants, of choleraand in the -witness-box they testified most properly, anf even positively, to the same opinion, making only reservation of the fact that theydecided upon circunistances which it might be possible to interpret quite otherwise by euidencn less fallible than their own everyday senses. The doctors. displayed in this matter really no ignorauee that we can call in any degree reprehensible. So well had the affair beera managed that it seemed al clearly demonstrable, and. effect and cause explained each other perfectly. But. blood now literally cries out of the dusts. The deae woman has spoken, and science has presented itself as interpreter between her and the judges of the crime attributel to er husband. lNot only is the tale of poison told with vwonderful preciion, bat the poison itself is produced ina court. "The antimony in this bottle," says whatxemnins oE the murdered woman, ".was given tome daysbeforeI died; here is the antimony given, only a few hours before death; this again is tho poison that ran through my heart. For its inevitable certainty, for its utter freedom from all human passion, science in thisform in the witntss-bor. aMaust surely seem as awful to the crininl as any sudden, ch'vpping of blood from the corpse, which in old days was. supvosea to give supernatural warning of the presence of the'Nurder. Against, this witness notiing can contend. Thie S5rgeons and physician who before had discredite Easjnicio nof foul pl3y at once receivedthat surer hmdwnledgo wvhich th. vy had eSne'd to be possible - compared what they - bad; secjtt;ith iit hbsba::v 7 islosed; anedwthorst hesitation 1wut aidae their first erroneous impressionzsisa Fiyo f the tiiitb 3I2 i9 af-est,-gti,iti, j
SATLES BY AUOTION. -Order of Sale% This Day. SSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE .respectfully inform tbe pubEz that the SALE of CEURCE PREM?EREEWS and LEAB OLD PROPERTIES will take pla-e THIUSDAY, at Garrawas, at 2 o'lock, in the foUdowing order:- L. The Rectories of iatleaden antd otteerove, near tho tomn ot WVobsrn, Bedfordshire. ~ . . o - - 2.-The Vicarage of Ricester, Oxfordibire,- 3. The Vicaruge of Anibroeden, nea r Birester, Orfordahire, 4. The VicarPge of Elthun, Kent.# 3. Valuable and inportant Ieasehold Proties, situate in Pall-mall -Note-The Reversions and Policies of Assurance in the Legal and GeneralLife Office, advertised for sale this day, is Postponed until WIednenay next, the 30L- inst. The Leasehold Property.-RitUate in-Ring Witlam-treet, city, advertlsed for sale thir day, is also Postponed for the present. - Orderof Sale attbe Mart To-morw. M ,fR. T. S. SMITH beg.to announce that the vaxious TV w PRFOPERTIPS advertised for SALE by AUCTION by him,, at the Mart6 To-morrow, Januaxy24, will be offered in the following order, tiz.- L . house and Shop, 4, Archer-street, Wesibourne-grove wrest. ll.ivato Relidence, 27. W=eatbomue-gardes.- Ga 3 aIRnDptc1.-Eeare ofBitish W yasf, CliAUCstreeI, SoNth,arkt May b viewsed, ond payticurs, t conditions of sale, obtained on the Dremni6e6,at the .Mart . Of Mde6sn..Lowrsnce,_Pleuce, and Boyer', sohtestor, Old'Jew mcbsiers: of K. Pral, Esq.. solicitor, 19, Elssexstreet, Strand and of the auctuone,e, 4i, Combard-streetb and lpton, Long Letll Estats -Hsmpsta-roed tCamden-road Vilsad PS will, 3SELL by, AIUJON, at- 1 Graso fod ,Fb4a1 ereof theXxecutora oflr Ms A. .-Eogers,POURwrell-budtlle OUPS,1eing Eba. 35, Albert.- treet, MoDingtoncrscent37 and 12L tSAYhipe-street, Bamedt road; and 19.ehesteFr-a, Camden-vilas. The whole held for lont terms, nd Irodunug -£200 per annum. .The sereral houses maybe ewed, by leae of the tean b 10 das pror to the sale, and pareI culara bad of W. Upwrard, -Eisq. sllntor, Copta -court, city'; at Gzaw ; and at tbe Goice of 51r. Gsiner, 15s, Tottenbm-courta eroad.- Decoraxtive andidodern Fur.nitre Inlaid Cabinfets andTables, Bronzes, Clcs,Cin,Gls.and Mafecte [,fR. PHILLIkPS wil SELL byAUCTION,athi"s 1A 6eat Rqoms. -Iew-Bonld-street, THIS DAY, 23d instesit, it 1 ..eely,Oupenir FUBNBiTUE, of modef and decortative chaurater,. I inrhrdisg etsie3 for the drawZing and dining rooms, elegant inlaid cabi- I ete, boniieurdujour. and tables in heasle and marlciuterie work, cx. penivcarets, cottage pianofortes, larto chimney Mg -Wtbroe groups and Lgurce, docks, cande-asv lA orDelSIn t and other ormental items;- chaLmber applendages, includinlg several eXcelent ward.- robes Arabian and French bedsteads marbletop-tables,-chests of drawers serrices of ehina and glss, and warious effects. May be Avewe the day ptrevios to the sale, end catalogue6theneah d Furniture. Offlce R5ttinge, Fireproof Safe, Pianoforte, Paintings, Plate, - -Plated WaVre, mosorn Jewediery, twoa Diamond Rings, Jfatehes,' Unet arnness, Chai-: and iadanone Effects. t Unset LStoe, SON antdHRD1lIG will 6ELLTby3 s TCOTatthelrIooms. 16, St. Pau'schurebyard, hi - DAY, Janusry the 21d, and To-isoivowr at 1- punctually each dav, PUrD ITU= tE; comprising fouf-post andFench bedsteads. bedding, mngedwardrob;chesteofdrawers,andtheus.ujldbberappendrges, maahogany and rosewood bles, chairs and zorchet, £i octave planeforte chaiber organ, board room table a collecton Of paintings, by *'the oNd mastes, many ofSthtmeaUlery vtet6je, audo oa~bhly speculativebcaracter' clocks, pate plte ware modern Wew.$ry, two sets of nearly new double arnes, dye saddesnd bridlesJi_hSchalse,and bosellaneona stems. SltbieMewed the cla ^Xc 4.DJaclerin &-GI4Tsidcawncl vaOue Xtitlgeo - - - f r 1mpot&uitCabInet'ofCoins ofi the &sFraacisif.oore; T.,comprisin a remarkable Series a - BEdilse, th'e Syracusan Oentlon, and an iuque Tetradesehin 12 Athens. -MESSRS. S- LEIGH SOTHEBY and, JOHN WILKINSCl& aucetioneeorso era jory and yrorks Manutrative of itbe fincirtrs,'will SELL by AU 0 , t their House, 3, Wellngton-_pqett, Stmsod,on Thurbsdy, January 24, and fourfollow- t Urecifely, a very vaLlusole assemhlain of COL-f S and )tIdDW fld uding the cabinet oftheltateFran s Mon, Thq., Of Paris, cotuprising a remarkable and unique seris of Papal and French baronial hulls, -with Inscriptions, of the blgheet interest, irulle of French towns and the Doges of, Venice curnous monastic anud other seas, rare Anglo-Saxon and English coins, rare Greek and Rom=n zoldandlilveri inhlighoondltion, cOMprising theSetsiadlto and an unique ttmadrachin of Athens, Eino Roman brass, of different sizes, beautiful medals in the vArious metals, tradeemeci'gtokenv anld tickets, tine cabinets, capital numismatic books, engraved gems art aLs rings, and armoat Valuable doeiment on the Trace hetween Henry the Fourth. of England. and the Duke of B=~dy, with the orWnigi sea, n te inst tae.May be viewed two yspeler," audtalogned; had:if intliecountry,on receipt oft.wostamps. - , Stare and Valuable BOOks. ohietlY in Italian, French, Spanish; and ILoglish LiteraturLI MIE SSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY anidLJOHN WILK-MSON, auctionerer of literary prpryand worki eonnectedwitlithefirecarts. will SELLby AUCTION at tehetHouse, :i Weltingtots-street, Strand, on Wedned, January 30, anditwo feol,o-' log days atlpeI elaCOL TIGN of rare aud valuable BOOKS, chefly in It la. French, Spanish, and English literature ; including =,Cumes of early printing, p euctions from the preesesof Aldus, einta Sabio, Torrentino, Etrvir, Blaskerville, Bodonl, Dldot, and other celebrated *intexs; vye es and travels, ply,poetry, novels and romaLnces istory, &eJ Among which,will be found-Alibert, Maladies de Is Pean, ouored plates; Alexandri Aphrodlsiel Com,3nentari in TopAcistotelis, Rtenouard's copy, enlarg paprr; Breydenbach's Voyage to Jerusalem, in Flemis,withw wocutm mas Mente, 1488' Enudeble's Cumbria Triumphaut, origIna edition: Hcrodot,1s, dree't first edfition, with MS. notes, in the'autograph of fuoGrotius; Ottey's Fac-eimulesof Carious p,ants,on india paper, retoarchs, Rtime, Vicentilo, 1474; Suid,u Lexicon Greecum, firt edition;' Strabonis Geogrldap ilrstedition, withadate;-Afro oPrezea sto~ri di Parms, 8 vols.;: Arlosto, Orlando Furioso., an edtiton rigil an ur -edb theo Court Of Rome, Items, 3lado, Th41; Ariosto, OrlaaieI. Forioso, Vine ga, Aldo 1545, Documbents minCts cur 1,Histoire do Frnc, ublids par le is' du Ikdinistre de I'InlsLt-uetion Publique, 28 vols. Shakespear's Hindustatsi Dictionary ; Winstone's Collection of Play bills., Cuttings, Autgrap,hU Lettrs, kec relatirng to Covent-surdlen Theare, Syol.; SropeandOoeveor Rll Vols.,; Giofiredo, Storia dThe Valuabl Sartime,o th voes; modernl Wonrks Gli fedicanatotmaih2 Solenc, anrtheditio portant EducatiosAut oieaptIonsrpton; Sp Eueci s, eL WoIy68 ole.; Sauctioneers Pflay,eiteda byIaa ed,2 l. Ilutratied withe fnearlys,O portrLbyaIts iew tY andwohronrksvings; daesllino-ter,an catralogues hEsad; F!ntebcounty on rceipt of twoay ath vamluabl hevStocnofbte TCbes edr morstmon er,liriacad Natra Scienc, anohnIpratEuaina olcin fSrics Model,andNA ApprtsCoLM. lgiCeyInofl.Iglyjn,t frm busSRes S%te wt i. LEI nHportaEt an d JOHNUyrf. WdcaionlK.NOil.uctionso pmeens,ofdieraryprperntyl aurk lustrtie fthlieart,wl ELb UTO,a their Houe3 Wellinon-stret.stundy on TheaysFebuari)y ii,andmoy foliowgidy, MEDICInEou band NA 4'tURAlg, SCInCEtomy pr.yHighi, rin, ret,~ mIcroscpy, photogmapi &c. the whole in choice condition, and of the bcestcoostruction. Iaylme viewed on atur3,aynd Mlonday priora, an catalogues had ;lif in the country on receipt of two stamap, 'Valuable Collectionl Of Coins, beng DuPlicates from the Cabinet of thec late J. D cult, Eon M ESSRS. S. LEIGHi SOjTh[EBY and JOHN WIL- KINSON, anlctonoer of literary property and works illustrative of the fine arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at t elr Honse, 3 Wellington-tret. trad, n Tursday, Feb. 7, a small but valuable b6OLLEu: TION of COIS.Ingld sier,an copr, bring duplicates from the cabinet.of the late'Jn.VD.ff,Fa.,Fd.S.Lpe Ac, (remeovd from his late residence Clapherm-park); containing afew Greek and Roman coins, in alimetals (some fine eSaxon and Englisbl,and also some rare siege piecs andpattrrns. Ansongthose of Cilarles L. will be fcund some curious specimens in silver. The siege coins contain the three-shilling niece of C;arlisle, &c. Amnong the patterns wMl be found Oli;er's lhag -broad, aLnd the ver rare halfpenny of Anne, baving the bust on each side, with the inocribexl edge, an. Anglo-Gallccoina in sliver, A-c. May be viewred two days previous to the sale, and catalogues had: 11i in the Country, onI receipt of tWo stamps, The select Collection of E'ngravings of a ditiguished Patron of Fthe I Fine Arts. 1IfESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN WLL WLKINSON, anctioocers of iftmrAry propertyrandworkcsillustrative of the line arts, wil SELML byAUCr l:N during theoensung spin,at their Housge, Wellingtn-street, Strand, the valuable CaLLECTION ofENGRAINGS~Th prprty of a gentleman wdll-Imown forhIs arNageOf theelione ats The clltector ebaesaasm blae o rre ngishandfoeig prtrit,U manry of d whihores ofusin tration of the plneayts, of ilhakBELLry, th IrrOr,tono theich Ho re3 Welneatlysodcreful tmonted,ri wihe eio tnse'srtinga toli geditione of thea orusobl heC L Imm orta hard othe egaing on varlousn sPbencts; thewpropewrthy thf atentiomn ofllthew amter and pactroagl colltetor. rThe Ther chollcice Colctong o Drawings of adistiushed Patron of- Berghera Do the Fiee Artsphao. Bontvofhe lieartsrill SELLbyiA O h,atrteir Hous, _ Weligtn-teet Strand d 3g1tbur b the, gEnizoan Cuepopetyof getleman wel-nown ts aptng o heln ars.Te collctio con1"ipris cPintalscen fo tihewrkof han-ctDuncan1 Leppng 'ifinis &c Bone n Harrison Mri Sep, Et 1,7Calbult ow linoomed NahHyOrAf Do rintwdl_-oWtbakulin J e ele lrszndcibem :iE,SRS. WOODWARD, BROTHERS, WIUllSELL M ~bs, AITCTION, sat the Moast, en Friday, January 25. at IZat LEbic-ASt. seaovemn- lgtroomedHUE OUst deialwituate,bino 1 shopsiland-yarde wintho s-rlew a'utnow on t7'he grondsofthe C huc ofouild reperoannum, and of penthlet anna tale lofw16 Pnartl s Bnnlackf ari;theu Ange, ft.lrgat n the M ort; teAngel ofthsucines Pare ancincese Parkhoiu-rd, Thngornha, LIlnln ClrawliTo Watchmakers,.Jewellers, and others.-AaubeUahl rpr AESSRS. WOOWARd, BROTHERS, are SiecelLb teIotgetBELby AUCTION, at the Miart, on Frdy aur 5 Tiur,th shops Jandyard In ath rea, knneown as ve 7, WhsiskleRIn-stetY, ao a grsound renteofme10 and atprsent et atrpthe lowsirenta of t3e cpera shedts. Ptarlns7lularseesg, atth Mart; the Anelr, lalutein; and ofpa then autoneers0. IM Uo,~ Thrhill-og ad,n wsin ogivon.-gs don Toan far-outbrs, es~er-mewand n thhre.Avaube Leas o beholdsinopert nar the allayt i Staton, CesamdTen-teandWndo, which ipodne£14 a year.held d Lflorld yEastateonl St grmeounedrent. adPekb MUESSR.S. MOORE acid TEMPLE are dinructed b the MTortgageesndxetr to SELL by AUCTION, at theMrtonTuslay, JanThsa, Jfuary 3 . at 12IiZoele, invr desirable a PrOPERT, ora leseOldT,offu ines ontvendoient purpvt ouses eitamd ofdn the capita priv atehose 48, IbRochese-read, Camdsten-tFowkhn, with workshorcps. sheds, stablon faminUsld d, to gre isesa the reaor,ateunithe of ochp- tfor ofcuMr.o &More, sfa wichpeessmenonu willse WEIvfrmn' aLo 'adjoining9 ya andfotingrochdens;termws arftreehl hosets o ob and spurnnces~ coac-houes src bling anB omsoe.Aloehelomngacm pact NdaTMl esate. TON b ve view ied. Patiu tironsth Premiss at th eTrost;eeloe f Moscus.rTempeeandhWndsor,helictoe3rr -u1 riam ab t SMrtgeendEeuosoSLL by AUCTION. at theMt.T-orwJa24 Mat nTusa,Si aur,at 12, in sio lots, a LEAS 5. f R EHOLD LN am ProntgPextY,h ofgforconvnin promSston houe anodoi oades Nga fe,o 7.h 8. and two M otarloogh-roabl, Hig dh-street Fsihua,fto for the recetion f epetblamilcna ies,roand,sttiongiveasthe ropportunitytof omres fror ocption ore,tCoyo Smallionetlteadih hou esteawil andi onelot,nel for 96ypro,aty groundrns; wtwol fareehtol thoues adetOf apputenances Nlo r.t cb4 andmir ateloo-st?eet, Cormmeria-breadcnes adlime,aufor Church, letto M.itafsbecrand Yr tphel,ate routeavi ounthissng pto£3 a yacr; s and a small ofFreehold hoseand adn P- e. 7,Wadape-store diogpla,laigfo hu g-tett h FasteIdiaorbar,ctkema r. COsgdE.0seta ndtontaf £16gpar anum iTub iwd.Prt tfonerwhc4, asbmdend-seet,ecity. .MaDvstrhlsf ElGibenFreehlduritueildgtGrouind,Coydonteand ffectsamZ land-tan YVE NTOMIN and SON wive SEceve bystrUCTI,onsfo am Da emis t SELL by t AUTION,nat thedMart,bou-morro, Jan,x24, fon Tusage Jnext 9 the Igh r headfo SlU dUen tomCryoi of2ahee.ogny ahic jaarned toctAge,sablabedsed, anthdaran-ose, surituate, gonote fesather read,sml and abhalfnfromathestatnon,tcEest o Crwrycdone and two mile eromthe WiestoCrod.oncb Station tleadigcop Sanergstabea~d avndpeon. The so propery abonds withravmg! earh ttes depthof fet and cia sals orwthnaments feiimlyder a tied frora Yaua bick n ie o ewdthe lasafe mronths, therWe.i alsoalargues suppl onh grael.iLots2 Rightf aertosaand aSafof AgehcoldLndt, onarticlrlyedatedfo forwhchit as b een usd nte-stor.Wt. iaven aishfqurtelst. Peckham Marlbrough rms, Suth-st eet, CavbrelEendihan and o Castle,rowngo-hiautte; of Maetsrs. GrChul las and Son, sliitrs of Messrs. Vnto and Son` auctioneers, Ange-ourmt, heopurto Ete Nd at the Z Auto irt. Genbatel FurAitue, o ctv iaoote,x aetFInd IUEaffets.-ritooNITENTSfCoM andSONCttg, w iteLLOT-Mro by U Thur,ad oanTusary J4,an.L 29oin a, at 11te wRilltake: clomeuu ma hogany, 3 ander Va. Airabas edtas,wt damas Furiure,igooe fanther tee.,!-- elgan Cdawingroom suitegI roseoo, a damas curt aint, destl sdebard coch,chars,telsco e diin tale, lovewn et. l~cse prntngsan enrains,bl Bisescapt ndudinsmlarg Chlass y,goramens,fendes. liredios ouinr utnsls, tc Mayeh view SedthedflpecedigThab sale._ aaou do h rmss r __PuI6J. w. WARDV will SELL by AUCTION, at LTJ.. hiaswsacous Auction Rooms, Hamopton-street, Walworth-ros4 DnAY Wenaoesda f aor c 1at 11, without reserve, under bil of HOUSELOI) PU?~ITTURZo=~pim,itLr o-amyand 'apsanned *French, Arablan, and four-post bessd~se fe esadbd din, aalereaes,lades'msh~an wadroe, ahogany wahshtands and abls, arbe tps ad luino aho anyad japanniedchaste of- dawqers,looking-glases, Gn lag himneIy-glausses,dmaoganey-an brote cad ocionk's Hand Hotherltables, 60 orde of plthe, modertor, laps chinea, lat, pbmrints, paitingsor, vMalualthiutkte rt requi-Coy sites. Odl vewCasotalogEST ES oa a teroomis,nte sladaoth offloesof th mauctioneuer. Wflwoeth-rarid ad na-ma bu-n n a d tusx-oahani. Wesut 18aresin thed towp n If ohrsht, . and B the'. held9, andLeasehold EutATre, compriing bothe. Danr. Of. orubils, Pares Inth prihOfB3one, about 43alrl, 7p., Honey¶&Foes' Farm :and Windmi n the oais 01Shiply, about 49a. Ir.: lIp.; Ben- ion5PlaeFami,-inteiiaesof Wst(lriusteaa and Shiplnv, about, .309a.2r.l3P.;-andt5e,oii , init oh -hW 3i am ronibHathPaOnn 2r. a RaMIspfe Land Farsia about. 44a1. r,~ ; eato shou~tl 0L. r. 1SP,' Mllward'sFarm teeNo 01 about.3a. Dr. lOp.: Hawkes Bourn sa d1d,Psrk Farina 4bu IA r. 27p. - Caamnell`ebrooks. Spsoner's-wood, and the Star -Measlow, about 152a.-r Op. -BurnllssMseadow -coutaintng about 8ga, lr. 38ki: Star Plat, about G6. 3r. 6-aMalilsouse Cottage, and 1UR. ELioo'D o,nnotnnecs f,bat tfie IntenldedSALE b~AUCTION`thls week of tbe:LEASE and FURNflTU=j at 221,NOtt fhan-Place, w13IlfOT TAXE-ThAGCE baving let the baum, onkae. een4tpoehbasg Uthe planed fumniture;but the Prsmie mreo 1as an investment,.producin Li15per ainum, (term 35YORMforl 'ulneas, including the fixture.% to close an executor. sthip estate.9,K Wampole-stret kUrnitUre, Plate, Books, Linen, "o, of a4 gentlema- deceased, -s, L ot-ak t. John's-wood. bronyze nd or-mnoulu candelabra Load fgures, a. mantel clock inrosewood\about150oor. of usefulplato, platedarticles, 800 oles. of books, open cookeases, picturs ct table glas, including A dessrt service, a setof tea china, padirofu boll's hocus, cutlery, linen, dosnatUrs-. quisites, kc. On view cue day -prior. Catalogues at the house; ot Aferess Head house agents, 7, UpperBakersetreet, aindo rEgo, I98, Wimupole-street. ? de-ark--Tebadsoneand dUeDgibldeneeof John Fullartun' ESQ.. deeased 12,-Hde-vark-gtreet,. . ELGOOD is illstructed to SELL, at the Mlart., onJ. - (unile,s previously sold by private, contract.) the capital bo W-fronted'RIN'BIDB E, arrnged- for a moderatesized famill Of the fast respectability, fashonably and toeutrally situate close to:.and directly between, the park and sur;havi- the aw11 tional story, there are eight bedrGooms aoda cicegro,withl good rctinrosthe usual domenUes offiwes, an excletochou, and three-stalistble. Held direct of tho Biisho fLno' estat for nearlY 84lyoars, at a low ground rent of £2, tles annunal value being 230 guineas. Slv be viewed and negotiated for by appi.iation at 2,r. Elgoods Offiree, W8,Wisupole-street. The EaLGOOD iaslinstacedt SELL, at the JJ.Mart, on ----(unless disposd of by Private - Contrat), the PORTLAND LF,AfE (at agrounod rent) of the spacious andrery excellent.RBESIDENCE,'Of supenior Construction aucd arrangement, invariably the residence ofegentlemen of rank and fortune, andlastly ozbis ExeellenegthP late Brazilian Minisier. with a frontage of 40 ft.; themiszknoble ~ ~ ~ secndryditto, of stone. an eating noonr,, 30 ft. byl, libary, 20 ftby2O.gentieman'a room.21 ft. by 7 dressing. room, k&o, .sute of three lofty draaingreomsiand be)tbe roam, ie two storiesoflbed chambers above (10 ian mnbe), with a water-close On everyflboor, -a most convenient set of domestio offices, -with a stablo departmenit of the best descripition, haLving stalls adbxorsix horses, two cnaes, andl rooms over. Held by an orlginal lease for 11 years, atvatriggroun renit,and renewable of the Dukeot Portland, Tickets to view, kc., of Mr. Elgood, 56, Wimpole-street, I1n1ankce try.-Leaseboid Houses-Kentieh!tDwn., IU-L MA has received- instructions to SELL XTLYJ by AUCTIO2 atthe Marf;,on Tuesa.February 12, at 12, by order of the Asegneo of the estate of Charles Ioore; a bankrnpt, with consent of the Mertgogees, in lots, THREE TMs compact R93r. DENCS cotainng evenroom, eah stcat, audbeing Nos 5, 6, valuempory£5 per anuf LwebldforougtemsatloWes uden a Lolma-stee, ityso instructre ad Bo Err y.oiios A 10T, Edge warera:at the Mart,t; TusandFb.1 at Mr.Loby' ordiesr of tahe Mwf teet,SPoetmadfqurl!tre. tlwgud eu,cmrsn Peremptory Saledo Le,Asehold toue, aWestbourne-grove, adtK-ef seveL. LOM AX h is, bingNstructe II, SELL4 by. I,and1C tION, liard'.qatrte tr, 3ldn Troda7 Febt12, atw1, prbyin ordertn of theMt,. gageeundXMeraupowr o a,wlbe, oIdE -eryrllots,LEASgEHOLD lIE- MsLDENGS,sd lowrpoudsrents c Mprisig; To di lt 1nfoRenturMBerrn bert andS FULL eigt-rame seven-rooe houses, beCIONg Non.0 1113141d 1, nd1,t.Fe ardes-sne, F aldTV -road Melsh-toiand prdcn rrt0ndo h red,alned £235 es,treannum,will be oldn inerlt, fomnyeraaon vestmnts fr smal caitlits. Te p wo ~ may oepvewerb permiss.io nd ofth, repcime tenaonts ablnd cppe parnicu ted foratarndo esPers. bGrayuand Berry,it IDic asn uoliIos, 18.Edeae-od ato thMart;i UWESSRS. FULLER a'nd HORSEY~ andl StE,mL ALVTIOtOSEat tAe 3IaNto onnWdn esrdaryl, atmw II, enth Premwise, Cromeuthen p lace, Sslmon-ae, b idt Mehouenlots withou preserve, vOintag Y0 boWEttled3,inS, 24 and 184nces 20uertra Heam reed, and sharnes, thre tuilbing o taheinestagnewind2n boacbdin s, 64 gro184 bobbins, three btaeing armacinesbl, twoe largpe pipen coppe puan, HartisaudSo' st.pdinget)r onevea oblong fchoper pan, crseort arr coppr,thydrauliepress winothl 10-inhormpn and pumpsr, cast ion anks inr rail andchais, s us maciner, est ad wrugh irnd shfte H-owrsy Bllitor-Stanhet. Phcity.n ME SSRS. FULL R and HORSEY wi SE LL b AUCTIN, atthe ILirt on Wdne layi'D, near ioyl -ntly 800 ozes o Si-t-cassWINE, icluing alfew amst of hxReamel rarewin frm te Hfodcelars on bmf nearly choi ry ou~rt in oActhe,vintagedofs1830,bottle in 1835 fourbnf v,~_3. er vXaidbl drLy The on'ehlpn),adtwtis of the vinMmCrenL,of etag 1842,bettiedi6n 1 and187moned fof themt bhein Auto remarkbyne and-ptecpip ofQurk Einfourto eve bye3rarswnwdt' ""ompeon andCrfs,Snon',or daken ofmdueres pairy removed brwahry nld ngdoeabn0 hoseyad,inthe olor rent.d f Ith autioner, THey may1 bWedpu licy iewd nd ased n ncwaypreios octesle.n Catalooucl maybebad a themaorWt:S anof Dtsried Fullrandr Hoe, iWi sreet cit. C TV N a eevd smtost TIhW .FR ilSELL by AUCTION at hisgraRom %YgsretCvat EireL oom us,d8.Patoy, w Wawoth TthoDalu(bedneCOyaLE for 2preesely,ilhot reSev,, unde bxeuin forretad thie ofmal everye cmlas yeo buidig 6sts ofltprinin blocks,y tabef aodnd- cth ath40 auctio offiesa aboe.bacnMo h (etosfre2b Lower lapsatweg. Fonortue, Forbies, anoDoaness handmotsom and MIR. GEO. EOUERSMITH 'ndHNE'il SELL b.AC TION,y ACTon. one themPremies, Laowe lpo,na ale Jahuarch, T IS DAY.cJanuay the, at3fohole aslaadsm BA AS wihbac e, rsig5 eas nalythrug-red, wieth paen daxlers erynw,sto ae,adohrefcs a drawingdonodaypresviomameandtalognesbdua peis;st ofther caucetionerus, f0endarslamntdsandt nucneouseMiddes. ofu 20Laso er rm eao a n BAKE anSNtil EL h UC INtn h Prelmiss ales.Farm,lection,aetmPaidLlff Ofr-treet,ue on Mednesday, January 30AUtIG;, b totde of,r. Tll H5Y, oFal capta qualt D And colour, and aboutrrw a0 Iodo prieds Gerby Sto nfeldMab vhirewe tada priler.Ctlgebd on the The Efecs oftelt r. Carenerd o?,Galbreat Cumerad-plTe removedfr saletoheAutio Room,1,eld Condstre let.Ore bedroboms,the drwin rooms ?ro, a00ndcataof guae, =o meprir ra, dood 'Wdsand linenh. 0 T Smtro .- Bookis,reainder ;of W.Bell room., dminin ro! om,;an Clemar.trcttage planet selof-atn invalid chaier, sprooi engravings, pain berorldmasters hieold FuntueandEfects i'ldcra gass mange, ad kichentten lls,Autof eers2es3 t.alfspa R OB. lio S adtoB W SELL by AUCTION, udrabl fal,a h at morSroA, Jan.ar 23t, at 1 fr upwiard HoUM10 ne andsnd-aTRa PIANOFORTES. bYlur-Oadto, Collrd,c and otherbosemin entlmaers ha IZbLead AR ERist insr. te to ster Tit b bmoiys ACOneTION, v clne, ly.utes, andTaquAntt ~o.rinted tmusc;beng the entviretocyo MRESsDEs.CEinnetti adCo., of Brigtuton. a eonteds forgconvetrnlefeo sAle,d bnerhls viwed sthieday proroad morning rofm spale, whendcas roomuan may betemhad' attirnr, topandofs theaucioneeros, 70,h folitm street, Caendisb-sqoar en.nt,fuiy n ir e mes ;h taenalou,ndeexctbougfosrvren-y MPr.tm nts AWA ametlo thies Aucmpltioeoosf3.Bompaeabhetorw,aninludmptonetHI a,be(Wtedanedy January23,)d ater 12 tri closeftly; o ~q orawt ('ODah-oserooms aover1. lhaotesbeofmaodenseorriodret Furnie urre,e an beggbacing machtionet obthaein renat maker -and patntebe Canltelo. BaeaMaytovewtmaug asP otesle, abeihig wacieand wheightms, pony cart and4 harnesb as,a phachn andh do-art,ircelrs' may.xoturnes, don aypbeto view hed sCataogues hAlat hi 58e,3,Bromputonro, n atterklord sauLsem Eee-tet RoyalHO-PIal portantil Sae fDre Plaes na - h-, yls,n Mcgo J the2laall reeselyCuall the aluabdecCOLLEC PLANTS,Ehc hase been fov~rmedbyftheta XVLY.tTaCUODnoufrem theoA,Imnistrator to SELbyA&UCTION, at the Quarters, in Grewich.UHasp on Tedyns,te1t,a 2 thelndin o NI in' ivery exoelleix, conknompen =uiu ~ iei e room and dressing room suites c0u`P~tc aPiti carpets, elegant window drapu,rj.asndcur. tacmng excellsentrdiningoameo an abourthir inorec,e of 5fee diigtbes, cad sacphgerdnewagn riting tables, icc cina ands tbengrawngved luass lePrOPEitems, an a smlclar m= tuen old Poet39, sherr,claredtspo and Reks Chmpgn, deTb ate Mr.H.rFeste' ofie,. 410.ro&xfoel-sre,na.Sh-qae h wInapesheasteroadtthAS14;on meo sae ,- - Codu"cldawe16 securedsincome o iprofivedt gound16j~ rents. - bu 280pe au, n inoR bytttheEuto Exac;ecuor inHots,te foll Sow Ing Alublercon,in aenspre Rent ofel at8 aI. seperedm aspnd8 ossiBipatpaony -boste-sree, ewsr*Nort-road ;l6 ol oue n oehere, -nMTansetetdroadt; £45 14s, onsxhussnafm-~~o grove, produin a house e~f£231;aalet hp in Nor- Mediern Furniturie, Stock of a Boot ansd 3hoe)abexr;_an_d Puitllj-A4 W ROBERT REID will SELT4 at bix R0=4ns Greatlyarl] -AMre~=3onday. January2& at 11 for I precisely. modlern eoDAiiatlu o(loD, card ioCOAal, =~t7t& , camete,diWmy acApier luwsdining'tables, and Cutotk ritnt sbki Erwlsand 01le earet,fOur-poet. French. and Arabian he.tasand bedding, -ward. rbSand bed chiamrber furniture, chIDa, glas, and kItcene requteIta - also ubUc-oust lnums,tocke of a bot and shoc, maker, cutlery, adOtherffect. ay oTiwed cax sharday andeataAlogueshad. - InU lnslrency.-lte Chalels Vfrgo.-Cbathain, Kent-Lease of A ROBERI EM WiUSELL. by order- of tfie -9deon, of lio. 247, HIGH-8TRElTr_Chathxim oopristral~ k1A lbpWih-nd1qI8 piate-gljaff front, ,at-ebouij, an scll dwelling beldfora te-n ofwhich l2ycirswillbEvmexptred 6thdy~ -day next, at thelow rent Of £C35 per anunulm Th pemie yb iExcawed. 4ae )atah.r.onthepreral"e; lowat thw (lam Ex ej~Mr4n*a aIe CseTavern, 31,3Mark-lane; anI Mr.. llearr,ofWork.atre an e Mntre-reexoid FeAtes.-Extensiyte Ti ano oksos Stalbhng, and Dwelig ihnaeysalu eneloedyarld, wi hcsrniage entiwee als Fou Hoses togcthe~ tsdceng arentsL of =4 3s. sd perainunum MR. ROBERT REID) WMl SELL (by Order of thes . Trustees), at Garmwasy. Jan. M1. aLt12 for Iprecir11fuios animPortant and valuale PTREEROWD EST; copdslne ihn ve=.exenio premises, 62j,Berick.stteee Gate 'tet1ia abort istane of th Mace onitig of a dweU7pnwl a 'a' numnerou andextenslve worksh%opand stablig, with foldingcettrsanogates,eclosin*g a sucousyard (in whichalarge sick of thub~r moy bc turned). and the eXoeelent dwelling-house, 62, Berwlck.sre. o c at, rents hioountlngto £25 as. Id. per AnMi,. trweietOcupIog ast~ iareaf about 7,300 quare feet;ajlsoaprivate dwelng-bie r wick-street, let to Mr. Charnian at £57 1fr. per aunum:- iand IRosIX ad 13 Noel-treet, leawed, at a pround rent of £5 per annum; umtlt Lay.5a,18. when the purhaser Will be entitled to the rack rentl. estimated at£100per annum. Theprope=rtnay hevle ,-odbypermiaislonofthetenant,. Particularsmnsy be baof Ies"r.3tgoghaman Dixon. solicitors, 4. ?Araondbilng Gray's-inn at Gareway's, and of i. BoboLrtReid, 48. Great larmumugh-atreet. - - KVSM ENNEDY and BONNY will SELLby AGnN. atthe l.ed Oa.Carnden-town on Thuru,3ayyc, 7. At 12 for 1, in lots, TWvO well- LEASEHlD DWELLING.. HOUSES No. 7 and 8, Foctop-terrace west, Jun~ction-road, Kentlab. tn; beld on weprat leases direct from the freeholder, for a Wta-mod 97 years,atLmdt of jeSsliie; annual value £98. be vlcwed,andfur ersUcband oefidltiousof slehad of Metrir. Daviesanad Co., solicitors, 17, Warwik-street. Regent-street: and or the auctIoneer, I Baham-tervace, adlO, Corow-eolcent,Cainden.. Junction-rvad, Kesstlah-town.-To utrsa uidrspadotes.. Well-Inint Carc.e . ! FiMe Huses.' ud0" 1IUESSRS. KENNEDY and BONNY will SELL by. ATE AUTIO I searae ots atth Itd Ct~Camden-tow-n, on. Thurday.Feb ~. t 12forI, FVE 'AICsE of nine-roomned HOU ni, satedroofs land gunttes, maons' and ylumber'Workce 2,3.4.nor5o,Fat -rxtomewosd.Junctionrate SaentiW-OZ. So pla.-: SSRS KENEDYmD BONY il SELL byAU O,bTrdrE MUthe OeN,o at the ldCa.ade- oThrsdat Fe. o)d zaNoand Leffure-sot, fahar bedradrboadd heldb fort atofore 40 orror aId=nrod,Keti-om' helng ad fothr tabtem of 55years at gutIe I eotnd rekt annul dsn 2i For1lnetiepsiuas andc& UY conwdilloow aptalogy at o the anctamcts oioas., Ilapham-teroace n 0. Crwl ME. WARD will SE~OOULtiL byAU tion, tyo SELL b eataogn ba ofTheauwonLeser.oldpHoss-ra. Wa0wois, Soeurriaey.treaet, old Co-ottag lietdeneafo &nvestmentlo W Trado of ancOived n. trUctie ale PETER B OceD will. SEL b o SELLON O tAGe PremSIetCE,HISuAtY, Jauabryl3,atd-str ort, Stherlaesqae awrthC hqTAEld onlaefteorda kesmcr6iptena-thfieom rs. of . ). hiey,klq.,6,Fumvas-ln:andoftheau thoner,Cap. beN-.4Hroad. od.Wton,gw,BYAtr21E0213n ToBrwes aubdleans, n tes SSR.SAINVS F0RYDwildSELLby AE TLbN' AUl reet N oetmnster,daud the 5threet a House aoderoininhe prdcingr79 per nnu, Ideandetoh !NEHfletcateabDecarie-d neonDat he al and eer ouse payent at he pesen tiedda reabou,to£5 er-. cmonth: t salmer seomson£. 4 e h.Patiulrs at GarrHoy's mm Oil a Tw Ldaohold ouses ThASR.SINSBRYEwil SELL by AUCTIN,a biTDWIONG-t hei oUSE, sitoae- No.7 BDAYd-tr, JanetNo. A2a n-ustbldresetg oensdbroa. Wwefth ; containpiDng,iom each,owr. withr and, wather laid t sonand wldrin b oed yntov thsommon slcewer. Lease 4 year from ot. 29 1815.Let t old teal itngs poducein to a_h-trade,of anOilmsof-anseseer mad Salre.saUi MR . PEGODERDBROA ilSELL by AUCTION, o h on thePrmises, THJan., Januallwry 2a,ati2 el, therso mhainurtgsundCranTRAI)E of the ordinar densistiong tof dtr andve watensis, icaludin brcunters sbe-ond ands ofgenwers. saauitings bcales, weiTsght mills cisters bandeuhie eusual fecs,o ane otaman. O' vie monin ofsae. ataogus-n teprmisstandaofihe auc- Th.e,Heefrdroadn Lettuce, 13111cip, B,sae.3 enFr ME SSRS r.WEtSo R dC.wl SELL by ACII,a arwf,anUCiTa,JiONr3l atFdd26theo2al LAE ithis.,t, poreof tesin Popfitort Jjthe tFVR11LIURE andEa IEVT fteAboveTresidenae;tcomrising fotur-oet. reilnch and ArabiFynan bedutads and beddig. eao r,tion i china aTundgls, angravings, alndt.4 plaearies o.wdotsao paoot.OrnavewTentanmery andtmo.rniefsale.Ciso-ec, MV_rSSRS. GRLEEN mid SO.N will SEL byL AUy AUTIOX, at their va Rooms~sabv, THISd DAY. Januaesr 2t, a b,eoustehodr-shesa.rdbTo-is ofWn,at the uthleampionut, &OIb. brew-, WnSTOrKOmdm UTT and othertoltsasn i.be, Wellowsoa, blacpread,. rowwood adwal mahogd anytop couinetes, capfoital tbitin of talE decipins,plinandstred drawrs, mils, beams ands andes outside labmp meter make.;togethr1with pir cxc n oilett,utue omrsn rowse. wood conches, ehtabirslsceen7, forathorbeSaledsOfd enrc-%iaring,palnt-f tocga, dilsmuiale Jeetrumys dresing casces, wesialIsring aparel anwl misoellaneous effetisOn 4elea-m, ofer sae. iCatalo,guesw at th rooms:ayend attheo&. auction er oflcets, tos.themgidnut No. 6D21t, leaudo'ubasreeywd-Ateko rpaJwelerant DSeiovsnler of~ptw Piietandofores, Ficuresand Ethectaios. Scol BARNS ODAR WIll SELL byAUCTION,a a~ont on gh;dsesTu-morow,uan.24 anfolowing day atnI lyore or. ilmeTuemews uner an Adra fimntte H ToC1 um; Carons DisCl ofa bearC-3 mutard-putsror. salts,spons aintue dish, Van detankerd The plaedi Ashrtces incuder cohe arfndteasornes iun, and Tettes, solieti' of ndrO dshae, and ovter;ads, ie pais wiers, candi fti,,iueur- .cre fram eers,Cae C,owPer-sad an te sultck 3item.-ls 1 rosewoo. To bedewed te day rueniosl Caaliouesma o hod fT ena, Is soricito B vge-an, Buck Grsbus;cmtepo Msa; anviwd atprivoAartelyon eces, 54. Tolman-stre, cityo.n We aiThes Gree Lettuce-MMO-CY n sgatem on tt tM- .PrOUNy~idt baa ecied- aupiddaructioe r.mr TohoblmcasClaerkto eLLrcen O,a araab o hr. vTehTetcovers, H-ilatPatocChimne and console glasses bronss,bnhl,. and or-moulu locks nCh velvet Pile taPestr, ]Brussels and ibthsp'vr- - pet sad rugs, =xrquctecle and walnut-weed cabinets richly Iid,. -l eas chairs in satin and velvet. a cared back walnotwood cbc-ffcbtxTer doors and hack fitted with. plate-glsas mahogany erciending-fiamodbiningtables,acts offdinlingm rmchairs.covered in h.sircothandmo~- rocco loather, easy chairs and conchesto correspond, about ODf0iEn- - engravings framedand glazed, also a few npntgsaxgwic mybe named-The.Retumfrn hm Hawking. ouncheymand Vander.- vede alMeadow-SEene, Sbaowe; sund othem by-. H hl ShaKldsa Pammure O~ItAde - - orris RnuYdAel 3lfferis. Amseriee otrnchentiglass chenatea and coffee service,a handsome, -ironstonedinner servnes,pMatd toaandooffee servioe, candehabrAis,-b. nobe Sanih ~ahWVn four-postt A abianbeasteads, with darash furnitre, irn hal-tse bedsteads, with patent. Joints utd chint2r. carpts,linn, tai an easag oicloh, ndnmerouskioo roors. - TimberSils.At Garawsy' onFeday;Pth Jsuary. at 1 pracil.' -A l Bo thsWrdelos, M1. Budge-vow, To-wmorw, January 4, at 2
