DEATHS. On the 5th of February, at Saudhuret, South Australia, Angel KUMeer. in his 29th year, eldest eon of the late D. Meyers, of Boujlogesue-er, and grandson of the late John Levy, Esq.-, of Rocheater, On the 13th of March last, at Spence'a Hotel. Calecutta, Mary Jane the beloved wife of Captain Henry Prescott FeUen BoIchier, P. and 0 Conpany's steamer Bentink. an,d only daughter of the late Rev. Edward Ince, vicar of Wigtoft, Lincoinshire 1 The,seal. iv., 13, 14. On the 2d inst.. at Broomficld, much respected bhyall who knew her, Hirriette, sixth daughter of the late James Firnsin, late of Frinton Wvck, near Waltou-on-tho.flaze. (n the 4th inst., at Dim, Korfolkr Miss Dover, late of Worthamn, Suffolk. On the 4th inst. at Torluay, Elizabeth, wife of the Rev. C. F. P'ark-er, rector of Ringsbali, Suffolk,~ aged 72. On the 4th test., at Oakley Hoiuse. near Abingdon, aged 61, the Rev. John Treland. MLA., vicar of Queen Charltoi, !Somerset. On the 4th last, at DunIugas, Banifahire, Hans George Lesle, Esq., of Duniugas~, aged 70. Oni the 4th inst. at Wales, in the 40th year of his age, Mr. William Bigmore, of Landon, from exhaustion, during the amputation of hi3 legs, after an accident, On the 6th ilut., the beloved wife of Mr. Robt. J. Soanes. On the 6th last., at West Hyde Parsonage, Iticlrmansworth, Jane, the wife of Signor Joel Manuel Gorner, otf Bareellos, Portugal. On the 6th inst.. Mary, the wife of M1r. Charles Davis, Ascot-heath, Sunning-hill, in the 65th year of her age. On the 6th inst., at her brother's residence. Reruenham-hilI, Berks, Mrs. Wilcor, late of Clapharn and Fulhau. aged tO. On Tuesday, the 6th inst., at 5, Upper WVlmpole.street, Cavendishsquare, Ann, widow of Henry Rivell Reynolds, Bve., late Chief Con rmisioner of the InsoIvent Debtors Court, in her 60th year. On the 6th inst., at Portchester, Hants, Archibald McrAxthur Low, M.q., solicitor, of 65, Chancery-lane, London, aged 33. On° the 6th inst., deeply regretted, the Itev. Caleb Willaams, rector oft Newbaven, Suscer. On thie th int.. i a.ed 76, Charlotte, widlow of the late John Methles, M.q., of Hornse,y-Isee, Hlighgate. On the 7th inst., Richard Goodman, nq., aged 77, of Haringsaypark. Pornmecy. and Comrpton-street. On the 7th inst, at Tunbridge-ells, Mrs. Margaret Cruse, widow of MIr Thomas Crase, formerly of Bata. On the 7th inst., in London, MEis Elizabeth Turner, of IpswIcb, aged 63.
IR= AJESTFS STATE BALL. 'Me Queen gave last evening a State Ball, at Buckingham Palace, to which a party of 1,900 were invited, comprising the whole of the Roya Family, the whole of the Diplomatic Corps, Foreigners of distinction at present staying in this country, the Ministers and Officers of State, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Royal Household, together with a numerosdEarty of the Nobility and Gentry. En this occasion the new State Rooms, lately added to the Palace, were opened, in addition to the ordiary State apartments. The Grand Hall, Staircase, Picture Gallery, and Drawing-rooms were illuminated and decorated in the uisual manner. That portion of Bueldngham Palace which contains the neow apartments was constructed, from the design and under the direction of M1r. J. Pennethorne, architect, by the late B1T. Thomas Cubitt. The sculptures which adorn them are the work of Mr. W. Theed, and the decorations have been caried out from the designs and under the superintedence of MIr. Lewis Gruner, who availed himself of the services of MIr. A. Miller and Signor Canzoni at Rome. A branch of the grand starcase of the Palace leads to the first apartment, caUled the Promenade Gallery, a room 95 feet in length and 31 in height, with a coved roof, from which the apartment receives its light; this, like all the other rooms, is decorated in the style used in Italy during the 16th century, usually called " cinque cento." The lower part represents an open gallery with vases fled with flowers under its arches ; above these a series of panels has been introduced with chiaroscuro paintings of children. Eight colossal classical busts, by Mr. W. Theed, are placed along the walls on marble columns. This galery admits on one side to a new ante-room to the State apartments, and on the other to the banqueting-room. The principal exit, however, is by a large and richly-gilt foldingdoor into the Ball and Concert-room, opposite to the staircase entrance. The Ball and Concert-room itself is an oblong square, measuring 112 feet by 60, without the two recesses at the east and west ends; the height is 48 feet. At the end towards the west a bold arch, supported by Corinthian columns, and surmounted by emblematical figures of Fame holding a medallion, upon which are the profiles of the Queen and Prince, rises above Her Majesty's seat. The lunette formed by this arch will ultimately be filled with a copy from Raphael's Parnassus; for the present occasion, however, it has been decorated by an allegorical composition, representing "Britannia sanctioning Peace," exemplilied by children with branches of olive, while a rising lion indicates the watchfulness and the strength of the nation. At the opposite end another arch, but without enrichments, confines a similar recess, containing the orchestra and a richly-decorated organ. At the foot of this and along the two sides of the room a triple row of seats, covered with red silk, extends, which with the other furniture of the apartments was furnished by Messrs. Johnstone and Jeanes. Tlhe roof of this apartment rests on a wide cove enriched with stuccoes; double beams of considerable projection running parallel and transverse divide the whole roof into 21 compartments, each of which is shaped into a deep octagon recess, from which descends a glass lustre for gaslights. The lustres have been executed by Messrs. Osler, of Birming. ham. Below the cove a cornice and frieze richly ornamented in stucco separates the walls from the ceiling. The upper part of each of the twvo side walls is divided into 13 compartments, seven of which are the windows, wldich at night are filled with gaslight, and six are surrounded with large borders, and represent figures of the hours, taken from sketches by Raphael and executed above life size by Professor N. Conzoni at Rome, where the originals are existing. Within similar spaces on the sides of the arches the arms of Great Britain are suspended from flower and fruit knots ; arabesques on gold ground and marble panels fill the other spaces in the corners, while the four spandrils formed by the arches contain four Cupids from RIaphael's frescoes at the Farnesian Palace. The whole of the length of the loNver part of the two side walls is covered with a rich silk, decorated with the national devices in flowers, and executed from Mr. Gruner's designs by Messrs. Jackson and Grahamn. On the north side of this apartment are two large doors with sculptures by Mr. Theed, of which the one is that leading from the Promenade Gallery, and the other opening into a similar room called the Approach Gallery, and through which the State Dining. room of thu Palace is reached. Opposite to each of these doors, in the Ball-room and Concert-room, a mirror of the largest size, viz., 10 feet by 15, has been placed to correspond with the doors. The ten candelabra of gilt bronze which are placed at the two sides of the seats of Her Majesty and the Royal family, and at the sides of each of the doors and mirrors, as also the two lustres in the recess on the west end, have been executed by Messrs. Barbedienne and Co., froim MIr. Gruner's design. Each of thesecandelebra supports 4: wax candles. Thus for the upper part of the room the soft clear gaslight is used, and for the lower part the mcllow tone of the wuax. TheApproach Gallery has its walls painted in iniitation of tapestry, divided by pilasters, with scrolls in the style of Raphael, and the two ends with hemicireles arising from the curve of the roof have been adorned by Mlr. Theed with large reliefs, representing the Birth of Venus, and Venus descending with the armour for Achilles, in life size. Round these high reliefs are suspended knots of flowers and fruit, which descend to the base of the doors. 'The last of the five new apartments is the Banquetingroom, whicll forms nearly a regular square of 60 feet, with a dome in the centre, and measuring, from the floor to the mniddie of the dome, 42 feet. A large blue tent, sown with golden stars, and bordered by cords and Arabesques, extends over the whole of the dome. The walUs of the upper part of the room are diNided into panels altemnately painted with Raphael's Arabesques in colour upon a red ground, andwith thelRoyal arns in chiaroscuro on a gold ground, each panel being surrounded by a rich frame. The north and south sides contain a frieze in relief, each divided into one large and two suiall conipositions, of which the principal ones are taken from " I'aphael's HiAtory of Psyche," to which MIr. Gibson, the Royal Academician, has made some additions, the whole havinig been mnodelled and executed by Mr. Theed. In the lower part Mr. Moxon has executed a variety of panels of various coloured marbles, as he has also executed all the other marbles and gilding in the whole building. This room is lighted by a gas lustre descending from the dome, and four other smaller ones in the corners of the roof. The most effective illumination, however, is produced by the many candelabra on the buffets and tables. Her Royal Higlness the Duchess of Kent arrived at halfpast 9 o'clock, attended by her Lady in Waiting and Lord James P. Murray. Their R oyal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mar- wvere attended by Lady Geraldine Somerset and Major Home Purves. Ilis Royal Ilighness the Duke of Cambridge was attended by his Equerry in Waiting. HIis Sercne Hiighness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Mabarajah Dhuleep Singh were also present. The general companybegan to arrive soon after 9 o'clock, anml were ushered through the Grand Hall, which was lined by the Yeomen of the Guard, commanded by the Exon in Vaiting, to the State Saloons. Shortly before 10 o'clock Her Majesty the Queen and his iioyal Highness the Prince Consort, w ith the Princess Royal, Duchess of Keent, Duchess and Princess M-ary of Cambridlge, and the Duke of Cambridge, quitted the WVhite Drawing-room, and were conducted by the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain, through the Saloon or Music-room, Yellow Drawing-room, Dinner-room, and Approach Gallery, to the New Ball and Concert-room. The assembled company followed Her Majesty and the Royal circle into the Ball and Concert-room. A quadrille band of 34 performers, led by Mr. Laurent, was stationed in the orchestra. The performers appeared in new and handsome uniforms of scarlet, richly laced with gold. After the -National Anthem a quadrille was formed, in which Her Mlajesty opened the ball. The Queen wore a dress of blue tulle over blue silk, with three flounces trimmed with ruches of alternate blue and white tulle, and broad white blonde with branches of blush roses, leaves, and stems. The whole dress ornamented with diamonds. Her Mfajesty wore round her head a circlet of diamonds. The Princess Royal wore a skirt of ruches and bullions of tulle over rich glace silk, tastefully trimmed with pink roses; the body and sleeves to correspond. The Princess wore on her head a wreath of roses. The Duchess of Kent wore a dress of white satin, covered with white point lace; the body ornamented with diamonds. Her Royal Highness's head-dress was formed of point lace, white ostrich feathers, and diamonds. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a dress of rich gray silk covered with black lace; the body ornamented with a bouquet of pansies and green leaves, with ornaments of large emeralds and diamonds; a necklace of large emeralds. Her Royal Highneses head-dress was formed of a tiara of diamonds, flowers, and marabout feathers. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a dress with three skirts of white tulle over a rich glac6 silk petticoat, each skirt ornamented with satin riband and rich blonde. The front of the dress was looped up with -white and pink moss roses and buds. A bouquet of turquoise and a diamond stomacher, andthe sleeve ornaments to match. A magnificent diamond necklace. The Princess wore round her head a wreath of pink and white roses and buds, studded with diamonds. His Highness the Grand Vizier appeared in a very hand- st me Turkish uniform, and Meer Jaffir Alee appeared in an Eastern costume. A succession of dances followed the opening quadrille, which included WALT= Les Vgpres Sicilerenes .. Inurent Rusn Melodes .. .. .. . . Gumgl. rOIA.. LesZeuaTes H. LaIumnt. GA.oP. Malakoff . H. Laurent. The following had the honour of receiving invitations:His Serene Hlighness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Countess of Dornburg ; the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh; his Highness the Grand Vizier Aali Pasha; the French Ambas_sador and Comutess de Persigny, and the Secretaries and Attachesof the Embassy; the Turkish Ambassador and Madane Musurus, and the Councillor and Secretaries of the Embassy; the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, and the Secretaries and Attaches of the Legation; the Bavarian Minister and Baroness de Cetto; the Austrian Chbarg d'Affaires and the Secretaries and Attaches of the Leation; the Brazilian Minister and Madame de Carvalho Moreira, and the Secretaries and Attaches of the Legation; the Danish Ainister and Madame d'Oxholm, and the Secretary of Legation; the Greek Mlinister and Madame Tricoupi, Mademoiselle Triconp3, and the Secretary of Legation; the Hanoverian Minister and Countess Helene Kielmansegge; the Hanse Towns Minister; the Haytian Charge d'Affaires and the Secretary to the Mission; the Mexican Charg6 d'Affaires and the Secretary of Legation; the Netherlands Minister and the Secretaries of Legation; the Peravian Minister and the Secretary and Attach6 of Legation; the Portuguese Minister and Countess de Lavradio, and the Secretary and Attaches of Legation; the Prussi Minister and Countess de Bermstorff, and the Secretary and Attaches of Legation; the Sardinian Minister and the Secretaries of Legation; the Saxon Minister; the Sicilian Charg d'Affaires; the Spanish Miinister, and the Secretaries and Attaches of Legation; the Swedish and Norwegian Minister and Baroness de Hochschild, and the Secretaries of Legation; the United States Minister and Mrs. Dallas, and Misses Dallas, and the Secretaries of Legation; Baron de Brunow, on a special mission from Russia; Madame Henry Solvyns, Madame and Mademoiselle Delepierre, Madame Vianna de Lima, Countess de Reventlow Criminil, Madame Comyn, Madame de la Figaniere, Major Ali Effendi, General Barreiros, Captain H. W. Benham, Baron Bose, Lieutenant da Rocha Faria, Lieutenant de Almeida Portugal, Baron George de Cotta, Mr. John C. B. Davis, le Commandeur and Madame Pinto de Soveral, Mademoiselle de Soveral, Madame de Lima, Captain Hussein Effendi, Colonel Kadoi Bey, Captain Mahmoud Effendi, M'iss Nickin, Major-General Baron Smola, Sefer Pasha (General Koscieldki), Lieutenant-Colonel Count Taaffe, Baron von Lovingen, Captain Wissiak, Colonel Wurmb, Count de Flahault, Count and Countess Lalaing, Countess Cigala, Miss Rebecca Derby Smith, Miss Susan Dallas, M. De Noegler, Count Morner, Captain C. De Blundell, Lieutenant De Neville, Meer Jafur Alee, Kha Bahadoor of Surat, Lieutenant A. Gomez de Mattos, Lieutenant C. Braconnot, his Excellency Noureddin Bey, Ariff Bey, the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress, the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, the Chairman of the East India Company, the Governor of the Bank, the Gold Stick in Waiting, the Silver Stick in Waiting, the Field Officer in BrigadeWaiting,theAdjutantin Brigade Waiting, thePages of Honour in Waiting, the Commanding Officers of the Grenadier Guards, the Coldstream Guards, and the Scots Fusileer Guards, the Commanding Officers of the 1st and 2d battalions of Grenadier Guards and three officers of each battalion, the Coramanding Officer of the 2d battalion of the Coldstreana Guards and three officers of the battali3n, the Commanding Officer of the 2d battalion of the Scots Fusileer Guards and three officers of the battalion, the Commanding Officer of the 1st Life Guards and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the 2d Life Guards and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the Royal Horse Guards and four offices, the Commanding Officer of the 3d Light Dragoons and three officers, the Commanuding Officer of the Royal Artillery and four offices, the Commanding Officer of the Royal Engineers and four officers, the Comuanding Officer of the Royal Marines and three officers, the Captain of the Royal Yacht and thc First Lieutenant of the Royal Yacht. The following officers of the British Foreign Legions-Major-General Baron von Stutterheim, Lieatenant-Colonel J. Kinloch, LieutenantColonel Peeval, Lieutenant-Colonel Fleming, Major Cartwright, Lieutenant-Colonel Hon. S. Jocelyn, Major Montresor, Lieutenant-Colonel Humfrey, Major Scott, LieutenantColonel Murray, Major Wohlfart, Colonel de Bandy, Major Montignone, Major Follenius, Major Ellermann, Major Bathurst, Major Van Clasen, Major Count Bothmar. The following officers of the camp at Aldershott :-Brigadiers, Colonel W. N. Hutchinson, Colonel G. C. T. Napier, Colonel E. Harvey, and Colonel T. Crombie; the Assistant Adjutant-General; the Assistant Quartermaster-General; the Colonel of the 80th Regiment; the Lieutenant-Colonel, 3d Bat. Rifle Brigade; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, Dep6t 91st Regimnent; the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Royal South Glocester Militia, the Colonel of the Royal Sussex Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Royal Sussex Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Leicester Militia, the Colonel of the Royal Antrima Rifes, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Royal Antrim Rifles, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Worcester Militia, the Colonel of the City of Dublin M'ilitia, the Colonel of the Hereford Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Hereford Militia, the Colonel of the Cambridge Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Cambridge Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Royal Elthorne Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Hertford Militia, the Colonel of the Kerry Militia, the LieutenantColonel of the Kerry Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the North Lincoln Militia, the Colonel of the Cavan Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Cavan Militia, the Colonel of the Royal London Militia, the Colonel of the 1st Somerset Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the Ist Somerset i\ilitia, the Colonel of the 2d Surrey Militia, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the 2d Surrey Militia, and the Lieutenant-Colonel of the East York Militia. DuraEs.-lRexburghe, Rutland, Buccieuch, Newcastle, Devonshire Bedford,' Beaufort,Argyl, Somerset, Montrose, Manchester, North. umberland, Leeds, iGchmond, WVellington, Sutherland, and Atholl. Duc-inssFs.-Dowager Beaufort, Buckinghamn Northumberland, Beaufort Richmond, Manchester, Bedford, Wellington, Somerset, Roxburgie, Atholl, Invermess, Argyll, Bucleuch, Sutherland, lontrose, and Leeds. M Hxans.-Headfort, Hertford, Sligo, Stafford, Camden, Clanricarde, Dalhousle, Downshire, Donegail. Tweeddale, Exeter, Westiniter, Bath, Conynoghani, Lansdowvne, Abercorn, Londonderry, Gr=aby, M.P., Kikldare, and Ely. AancAiioNmssFK.-Westmiinster Hoaffort. Hastings. Londonderry. Dowus3hire. Aibercorn. Exeter. iBrea aine,Stafford, Thweeddale, Kildare. Ely, Dowager Ely, Donegadl, and Carcre EMetnv.-Clarendon Harrowvby, Granville, Sheffield, SeWkrk, hdinto blorley. Wiffonrd. Chichester, Shelburne, Han-ington, GSosford, Galloway, Wilton, Carnarvon Camperdlown, Cadogan, Cottonham aWicklow. Delau-z.rr, Effinghami, Durham, Stanhope, Elgin, ElUesmere. Zetland, Somers, Uxbridge, M.P., Euston, M.P., Fssex, Belmnore, Llchheld, Laueshorough, lintore, Jersey, Berth, Pomfret, Waidegrave, I'oi roesmoth, Fern-Eiut3escuGe, Fui3tew9ilnigarn, itahatrdinge, E'intoun, Cield, Abinydon, Airlisx Beanchamp. Burlington, Dertby, Onsow, hfan'erm, Vane. Banldon, Aiberdeen,seaichness. Granard, PBoise, Romnney, Lisbme. hf..P., Carlisle, Longford, Lonshale, Sandwich, Rosebery, Craven iacesilt er Mk3ouhnft Chasrlbes, Daruleey, Arrn, Spencer. and Mul- Cous.nssrs.-Dno,agierLicrhyfield, rLneascuboprouc6h, Kslnitore, Jersey, Dow-ager Belniore. AImesbrsury. Fortescue, Perth Liehfieldl. Macdles- lield, Portsmouth, W%ldegrade, Povws, Darnley, Caithness, (Margaret) Newburgh, Delawarr, Lishurne, Limerick. Resse, Luean Sand uch oelery, Dowaget-CEdgniic be,' MroOuvnl t rCharles Wickiow `Iorley, Chiheser.DowgerChcheter Brwalw,Camnperdowu, BesborGosfrgfid. shefiUoday, Dowvaiger )CaXrodlin>e SoinecO. Sheiburne. Gainshorough., Des^art. Dudne. Mliltown. Arsran Gray. Stanhope, Mlansfield, Baudon. erhy, Vae, Zetlad, Manves, C~esdn, Itam ,by, LJnorr. AhnDorby Soaners tAultine, Mulgaravve,EffiuRgham, Durham, El- lesmiere. Eigin, Ess3ex. Spencer, and Granvillo. VpvCoxwNm;-Russborough, Iingestre, Brackley, Dungarvan, Doling bros-e, Hintoni, IIolhnesdale, Boyne, Valletort, Falmouth, Enfold, Eimlyn, Gage, Sydney, Drumlaurig, Villiers, laynard, Torrington, hlonck, Duncan, &failstone, Grey de Wilton, Nevll, 2ewark, hasse, reene, and Chelsea, h.P VnsCou.To-rtFs.-Combermere. Torrington, honck Duncan. Forbes Ma,sereene, Maynard, Villiers, Falmouth, Ingestre, Nvewark, Holmesdale, Hfar(linge, Dowager Galway, Chelsea, Boyne, Brackley, Gough, Sydney, Enfield. NevEI, Gage, Druilanrig, aldAstone, (Maria) Gleutworth, and Emlyn. LosRs.-R. Grosvenor, M.P., Claud Hamilton, M.P., A. Spencer Churchill, C. Russell, Willoughby de Broke, Henniker, Panmure, Cranworth, facms Hill. Stanley. So ndes Worsley. SouthamPton R. Ruseam;Oncis Runwl, W. elrnGraham, MLP.. Lyttelton, Wiaisngham, Manners. V. Paulet, Melho, Vivian, Redesdale, G. Gordon Lennox, Vaux of Harrowden, Keane,! George Quin, F. Baulet, Leigh, Tem- plemore, Willoughby he Eresby, Harry G. Vane, A. Charles FitzRoy, Stanley of Alderley, F. G. Halyburton, Ernest Bruce, Stafrord, A, Paget, Godolphin, EIroughton, Cowley, Cranstoun, Castlemaine, Hatherton. Aveland, Ashburton, Alvanley, Wodeiouse, Blantyre, Lovaine. hI.P., Churchill, MIacdonald, Portmnan, Clarina, Campbell, James Murray, Burchersb, Dacre, Overstone, Rivers, Waterpark, Camoys, De Tabley, Dufferia. Charles WeDesley, Ward, Co-hrane, Bateman. North. Wenlock. Napier, Aberbour, Kensington. Byron, MNilford, Crewe. w Kinnard, Kenyon, Carew, Raglan, Cavendish, Monteagle, and Mfostyn. BAnoi;sss;Es.-Keith and Nairne, and Windsor. LAnDrs.-Francis Rursell, Charles Russell EH. Russell, Henniker, Howard, C. V. Harcourt, J, Walsh. J. Russell, Sondes. L Spencer, 31. Labouchere, Grey, Cranworth, F, Steele, Stafford, Southampton, G.S. Stanley. (Frances) Clinton, C. Grosvenor, Cochrane, ICindereley, C. Convughaca Login, Blayne, E. Murray, G. Murra, C. Weyland, Wheatley, J. Murray, G. Batherstt C. Murray, Oswald, J. Stewrart, St. John Mildunay, Dowager Seaford, L Meyrick, M. Wood, Clay. Acheson (2), C. Hamilton. A. Onslow. Overstone, O. Stewart, G. Ou,ley. Weulck; L. Primrose. Rokeby Hall, Stanley of Alderley, I. St. John U. St. maur, Belham (2), H. ae Burgh Peel, Jones, F. Baiie, Shiel, Ronomery, C. Leeson, B. Leeson, Monteagle, MlfordlE Duncan. H. en, Morgan, A. Byng, Cadogan (21,W. do Broke, M.W Nilassn R. Egerton, Wimnington, C. Cavendish, H. B. Hamilton, A. C. Pole. Castlermaine. Hawes, Smith, E. Dungarvon, At. Taylour, Dynevor, H. Corry. Eastlake, East, Elho K Clifford, F. Ryder, Cubitt. Gage, A. Grosvenor, E Craven. E. Buiteel, de Twyl, B. Egerton, A. M. Leftus, C. Loftus, A, C. Fitz Roy, Gardiner, A. Capel. Ronilly. Ashburton, L. Agnew, E. How Iard L Fitznasrir Wodehonse. Woodford, R. Grosvenor, C. Wood, s. Stephenson. AL BiU, S. des Veox, Keane, A. Wynne, Templemore, Byron L Tighe, H. Vane, Johnstone. 0 Towneley Jolliffe, James C. Vflhiers Aber- dour, C. EL Bernard, A Baring, .ianners. G Baillie. E. Seymour, A. Bruce, Couper, F. Howard. Trevelyan, Barker. Walker, Matland, Seymour, Aveland, I,. Wells, L. Hamilton, Frederick Smith, G. Lennox, Lyndhurst, E. de Ros, E. Kingreote, L. Cavendish, Vaux of Har-owden, F. Hope Vere, Sarah Spencer, K Peel, Dacre, Davis, 0. Berkeley, Yarde BDuler. K Sltaxley, Do Bo_, L. Lascelles, Burgoyne, Bailey, A, S. West, Malet, Dashwood, C. Denison, K Ponsonby, H. Ponsonhy. S. Ponsonby. Leigh, Le Marchant, S. Kerr, PoDlen, Bakington, Perry Thesiger, Peto, B. Palmer, the Dowager eegh . Duncombe, m,. Beaumont, G. Lyon, Berners. Du erim, theovne, amoyr, B. yjoleEy DMaclamine, Rasbleigh, Rehlngten, WBIslingham, Byttelton, ~Gregor, Blakeneyl C. des Voeun, K Dickns. Rivers, Ef. Chihester, .Napier, S. Lindsay, 1yeUl, Knght Bruce, HeUighamn Graham, Do Tabley, M'Farlane, Radstock, G. Arisen,B. Grevie, Waterpark, G. Quin, John Bereseord, Towfnsend Faar, sMostyn. Lucy Herbert, H.L Herbert. C. W. Filtrwllhiam, D. W.tv~ A. Seymour, Ernest Bruce, Clark, Thackwall Wetherall, Chsurchill, Macdonald, T. Digby, L, Moncrieffe, Portman, C. Barrington1 C. Copley E. Thackeray Bethelli Lovaine, Verner, Love Vivin A. Vernon, S. Peian Clinton, B. Villiers, Steal~eden, Rurcbirn,H. Vernon, A. King, B. Kinscote. A, raget, Meux, M'NeULl A. Gordon, Holland, B. Cocks, B. Waldegrave, H. Waldegrave, Ross, Curt (2), C. Vernon Harcourt, Batemarn, Howard do Waldotn, C. Gordon Le-ox, Charles Wellestey, Hathisrton, Blantyr, calel, icols, arin A.Caogn,A.li ely, Northeote, G. Somrse, Iuilr. . avedis. H Stwar,P. Pratt, C. Pratt, North. BAield, C. onealor deaRton, V.d Hasing, Ma.e Cotton,hJsehfld, and Knesebeck. BAomlcsaa-3Llonel do Rothschil(L Mayer do Rothschild, and do Spaeth. RlosrT H3OrcOUP.ABLEs.-S. B. Lushingtou, S. Walpole, H.P., B. D)iraeal,VSir J. Stepen, Sir J. Graa-m, H.P., 1. Snulvan, T. Milner Gibson, HPB. Ellce M.P., Sir Gl. Grey Sir 0. Wobod, H. Labon- chr,. F. ~ige, Sir It. Pakerhain Sir J.. Paktington, SiTW. Somerville, HEL Fit2rey. H.P., EL Carry. H.P.. Sir H. Bulwer 0. Shaw Lefevre, Sir F. Pollockr, 3 Moncrieff, W. G. Hayter, W. '& Glladstone. M.P.jEdirandStrtt .P., It. Vernon Smith. Sir F. Beaing Sir J. KnisrltBruice,W7. ionsel, Sir B.LHall,H.T. Baine Sir G. -Lewis, C. P. Villers B. Horasnan, B. Lowe, T. Pemernton Leigh, B. P. Bouverle, and 3. RousWy. n ~H~B aro,CalsH ot Mms C. H. Coist. Honry Coventry. lAxs H.- Coventr-y, William Ashley, Mrs. Ashley.jacobAstleoy, BMisesHeathcoto (2). Rear-Admiral G.Cssnpbeln, Mrs. Campbell. Colonel H,L A. Gordon, Mrs, Gordon, !Adelaide Foley. Georg Edwards, Catherine Maynard, Julia Maynard, Colonel A. Lilclel l,mrs ILiddell, H, Brand, H.P., Mqrs. Brand, Missel Cambeli (2), Mrs H, Byng, Adelaide Sidney, Ernestine Sidney, VhihTpa Sidney, Francis Scott H.P Mrs F. Scott. C. Batemnan, Hanbury, Willim Bathurst, MrsJ. -3. &vendish, Gl. H, G. Byag, H.P., Mms. W. J. Hamilton, F. Cadogan, Colonel 3. Macdonald. Mfrs. Maude. Lucy Kerr, Carolina Cavendish Lieutenant-General H, Cavendish. Flora Macdona-ld. Mary Seymour. Spencerronsonxby, Mrms Spencer P'onsonby, Ashley Ponsonb, Beatrice Byng, ReArAdmiral H. By,.Mary Bulteel, Anetto Han4oock, Henry Caulfield, Mrs. I. &ulfeld. W. HEF,tPrtman, H.P., Mrs W. H, Portman Mrs F. Clinton, W. Cotton, H.P., Mrs Cotton, LAdy Bulwer, Augustus Vernon, Miss Mitford George B, Jernlagbam Mrs. Macleod, MlsswElhinstone do Flahault, bbm. Colvile,31r. H. zi: Lidoll Hi. H GLiddell, Eliabeth Gage, Anna Gage, C. Bertie Percy, Mrs. C. Bertle Percy, W. F. Forbes, Miss Wald(grave, Mr. Spring Itice. Mrs Spring Rce, Misses Leigh (2), Hiss Keniyon. Ellzs*beth Kenyon. Georgo Fortescue, William Strannways, Mdrs. Brainpton Gordon, Misses 'tonor (2), So phin Wheatley, Miss Haurde, F.Byron, Mrs F.Byrn, . Dncobe H.., Mrs. Adderley. Misse EMls (2). Mrs W. Bose. Hisses Hiles (2). Arthur Gordon, ALP., hMrs Samuel WhiEtbread, Miss Jones Loyd AMrs. A. Duncombe, Agnes Byg. Mary Byng, Spescer Lyttelton, 'rs. Lyttelton, $.melia Murray, Blnce Do Ro~Miss Mostyn. Elkas Mostyn, Miss Rtice:Trevor, GeorgmanaCopley, H. Uc-ville)West, liMrs. Sack-villo West, A. Fgerton. Milss Osborne, Emma Osborne, George W. Pitzwillama, M.P., Miss Bootle, Wilbraham, Jessy Bootle Wilbraham, Mary Windsor Clive, MajorGeneral C. Grey. Mrs Grey. . R. Ellot H.P. Mm. J. R. Ellot, Lady Phidlps, F. Byng, Mrs C. Heneage. Mar Amerst, Colonel R. Spencer. Anina Mase,George Waldegrave ,Lady Nugent, Emily Cath ~Eliza Caven I Thomas Edward Stonor, Mises Pitt (2), Mr. = s CurrSinle,eW.,.Lampbell, BosyLister, P. Campbell Scarleltt Mr.B oteWlrhn,Rbr undas, 3. K. Howard, Mrs C.Abtnt r.H ekl George LasoceUes, Captain D.D o,Ld ot r.J .Smyth. Mrs. F. Peuhanc, missPmn,MsB.M cto Mne, is Monckton, Misses Cloe isMnae r.D altn .C Cavendish, H.P., Ms ovre ahrn .Wre,Jla ae Arthur Wrottesley,CooeC..Pip,MsPhpoEearftl. hMrs Fitiroy. Lady Ary hre oe siylrig.ClnlI Bruce, Amrs Bruce, Ms .Dnnn n r .Mrtn Sinss.-J. Ramsaden H.P B. Rashleigh, B. Howard, B. Hawns, A- J. Campbell, H.P.. Y. Monereiff. H. Shaw Stewart, W. James, J. Hamiyn Williams, Thomas Winnington, H.LP., H, Gl. Cotterell, G. Shoe, R. Gerard. E,!P. Campbell. G. Montgomery, C. L. Eastlake, William Martins, F. Thesiger, H..R. Thrckoinoton, J. Johnston, H.P:. J. B. East. H.P.. C. AL IL. MO Ran C. Kernison, M.P.. Willam oihfe.H.P, T B.Redington. W. F.rser ,j. Pollen, C. Fitzroy. C. Lemon, M.P., H.L W. Ridley, W. Gore Ouseley. George Nugent, S. Northeote. G. Nicholls, B. Murchison, J. Walsh. M.IP.. J. Clark, J, Copley. C. Lyell, Bellingham Graham,4 B. Mayne, J. Mariorlbanks.B.L Weainaolt Hery ens H.., , S. JhnMildniay. Tihomas Maltland,BsldinW DesVmx J aile M.P., A. Agew., G. Dashood B.Bulwr Ltto 3. avi, 3 Maueso, S. . Pete, J. H'NiIl Cl B.Phiips A Haet,P. t. ageIB T. Kindersley, A. Cocbur. HP..B. ethll,H.P. C Trvelan,GeogeCouper. Rt. Buxon,W. lay H.., . ollnd,Joh Loin,H.Townshend Farohar ErainePerc. B Pee, T Glastoe, 3 Yadeluller,],P., Docrons.-Sandwith, Andrew Smith, and Lyon Playfair. The Chisholin. MxssuEuis.-Percy Doyle. Aug. Paget, 3. Booth, H. S. Trmeonheere, Loch, R. Paler, Hi.P., Alexander Stewart, Stephbenson, A. Steinbenson. F. C. H. Russell, H.P., J. Gl. Smyth, H.P., Grenville Ber'lreley, F'itzGerald.H.P.., Farqiuharson oflInvercauld,E H. .Eskine, Shelley, MEacteod of Macleod. J. H. 'Aaudevilie, Hamilton Beckett, B3eaumont, H.P., Spencer Perceval, 3. L. Rieardo, H, Greville, C., Heneage, Jr. Vernon, T. 3. A. Robartes, Itobarts, Ker Seym,er H.P., PhiUlp P. l3ouverie. inn, B. Vernon Haxcourt, Charles Dickens, B. Biddulph. Loftus Bland, VHP., H. Biddulph, HI.P., Bur-h Western, H. J. Miilbanke. Weyland. A. Oswald, C. Pasooe GrenfelL, B. Ormmsby Gore. Napier, B. Neville, C. B. Colvile, ALP., Gl. Clime, J. Phimno Talbot Clifton, E. Denison, H.P.. Coupe, J. Wilson, M.P., F. R. west. Wv. wells. m.r., G, WYarrnder, C. Barrington, B. Bailhie Bates, A.. Bathurst. VilHiers Lister, B. Digby, A. Teinnyson, B. A. Sancford. Bulkse S. Greville, *R. W. Guy, H.P.. W. Rose, Bramptoa, Gordon, Robsertson of Lady Kirk. A.Greville. Gibbs, Glover,Wilbmebam Taylor. A. B. Lockhart. H.P., W. Jonkes Loyd, D. Seymour, H.P., W. S. Dngdsle, IL Lrummond, H.P., B. Hammond, A. E. Drummond, Abell Smfith, H,L Meynell Ingram Rt T Holford, H.P., R.J. Hutchins. HP.Stirling. H.P., T. W. Kraston H.P. -W J. Ha. miilton, Sayer, F. D)uadas, Hi.P., J. Ball, F. Peel, Rrf.., Samuel Whit. bread, H, W. Tancred, H.P S. Watson Taylor, B. Osboorne, ALP.. Wynn, WV. Miles S. Petrie, JW . Alexander. Herbert, A. Beot. J. B. Stahope, H.P., J. R Denison. H.P., F. Cox, J. F. Campbell o Islay, C. P1. Leslie HP.. G. Tomline, ALP., C. Townmeley Stanley, F. Seymour, lilale,T._ Thornely. H.P., Buck, C. Baba Antrobus, H1.P.. A. Montgomery. H, B. Baring. H1.P.. Adderley,;;h.P., B. staniley W. H. Larabton, H, Des Vceux, Raikes Currns, M.P., Chandos Poie, Wodehouse Currie. B. Monckton Mlilnes, H%ilne Holine, G. Corn. wall Legh, B. Rtomilly, J. St. Johni, Heneage, H.P.. S. Petrie, W. W. massy, Hi.P., H. A. Herbert, Norman Macdonald, Sloane Stanley, Misrstss-sms-Loch, laffan, Jervoise, W, F. Beatsoon, F. Camp. bell, T. W. Braruston, IV. Miles,,J. Booth, Philip P. Bouverle, jun.. Wcodehouse Carrie, R.T. Holford, R. J. Hutchinis, Gascoigne, Herbert, Gladstone, Rt. P. Stopfrd, Strutt, Crawley, Vernon Smnith. Lowe, Sykes, Weguelin, it, Romilfly, Myddelton Biddilnh, Loftus Bland, Farqjuharson of Invereauld, Wyndham, IL:Sidaulpb, Rtobarts, Gl. Cornwall Legh, G. '. Malcolm, Disraeli, Grenville Berkeley, 3. L. Ricardo, Walpole, Bornuan, H, Boring. F. Dundas, Abel Smith, Ker Seorer. Shelley. Shepherd, Shirley, Milner Gibson, Spencer Perceval, S aw Lefevre, E. Antrobus, Bouverie, Home Purves Talbot Clifton. Moncrieff. Wilson, Hayter, Gl. Olive, Elliott, D. Griffith. W. Jones Loyd A. Montgomoery. Berkeley Drumniond, A. B. Lockhart; Henry'Lowthrer, Stephens. Wilbrabams Tayor,Howrd yso Roerton f Ldykrk,Bagot, J. J. &. Ito. bases,DoPla, Bins,W F.Beteo, HA.Herber,tSeymnour, Mundy, son Prtt W.S. ngaile 2, F.vSayeR. Davils, Dt. hevii,3. B. Hamh. mood, Rolletn. Georgem Rosstaneplr Wrifiths, Pervose,nF Ru West, Sayregr. B.rFabyGrae, W. ,lameney, Gev Beoirkeld, B.) Osborne, .2W Reunolds H.. V Baring.2) PhiddlpYrk, Geornge Larendem r,aes,e DoiashwoodfelB. Genron, AmyIne. ,D otshl,it(2.Mn messry,Syr,-- Rossl2),Grosien(2), DvS,t. Dalis, DasGrevoode A. Dash.le ruego, GrFarhane, H.le Blahaemy Grenville, Baperkee2, Leyric (21, Mayne. G. -Mayne, Mary Wheatley. Western, Caroline WVestern, West, Florence WVest, Forteseue. H 3. Baring, Farquharsc.n, Seymour (2), Parker (2), Baring (2),%Walker, A. Anison, Pereeval (2) Knollys, Kindersley, Burgoyne (2), Le Hfarchant, Percy. Breton,,Gamble. HopeVere, Hughes. Robarts, Goale, Ramasay, Towieley, Walpole, Johnstone, Gl. Johnstone. Thackeray (21, Phackwell, Thesiger, Throck. mortou, Steels, Stanley (21, Dallas, Wood (21, HamlynIWilliams, \Vatson Taylor, Seymour. Perry, Clifford (2), Cathcart, Elliot, Biarclay, Woodford, Cockerell, F. Cockerell Walsh, Lambwon, Gl. rAmbton, Hlawes, Maria Hiawes Stephenson, Isabella Stephensoin, Parnell, Somerville, Hill, Sulivan, Hardy, Cater.WWrmyss, Seymour, Smsyth, Lister, Abel Smith, Shelley, Gasco ge, Heneage (2), Whithiead, Elirtbeth Whith;ead, Carry, Ciurds, Graharn Russell, C?rawley. Coventry, Mils, . Mle, Carisa usell Madoald Moretoii, Morgan, F. orgn, lay(2) 5.Olie, aytr, onnly.Jolliffe. CecilJomuffs, HarringtoAn,H s.Baringoiton Hollnde, BVemoound Co. rethermer n HoGEMiNER o,irW duve Tiautta, Lourd BeatnSirs H . B mllok, Sirbh anot, BrmithLond (2,Hlont(2), RI.Gsonrie,Hebr, Viscut. Gaion. CaryCoton. Finch. GravEr Blrgwns, EaraofCan, Hanes, Sr G oberso, BorTh. Blirotherton-Si W. IVdo Purl., Lord Seatron. Sir J. Shaimpson,Si DiggIe, Sir B. Englad, F. It. Tlhackeray, Buckley, Sir A. Woodfonrd, Sir J. M'Donald, Vv%iar4 Sir C. Farley. Sir A. Maclaine, Hon. Sir J. V. Scarleltt Sir C. Yorke, Sir Gl. Wetherall, Sir H. Ross, Hon. Sir B. Oust Si F.Smit Kntty, Riht on.Sir B. Bilakeney, Cater, Ear ofLucn, ir3'.F. ove Sr B Boate. erkeley Drimmond. Sir3. urgyne Vicout lvile,SirA.Clifton, Arbuthnot, Lora Do oo,SirIt.Airy, ouvnie Ho.P.AshurnamLord Downes, Sir , Bntiek,Breeton Si GergeBuler,Wy1de, H.V. Breton, Cor.o,iriLs.~-2%fude, lGee, Cl. V. Maxwell, Low Kingscot,_ Birch Beynardsoii, P. O'Brien, Griffiths, Tremenheer, XrAerson, Jolmatone, Jeifreys, Sir Jiustin Sheil, WNhymper, J. Yorks, Sir F. Neel Harris, Wyndham, B. Yorke, Lord Dynevor, B. P. Douglas, Right Hon. c. Forester, H.P., Chapman, Douglas, Gl. Dixon, H. C, Dixon, Preese Pbillpotts, Thomas, Cavendish, Sir W. Vemrno, H.P., Sir H. C. Rw linson Wood, Sullivan. Challoner, Honi. J. Lindsay, H.LP.. Hon. C. Mande, C. Baring. Maitland, J. L. Vaughan Watkins, Sir W. Davison, WV. F. Forster, Gl. A. Malcolm, F. Graham. Pnianlx, Lo Coutouir, Horaford WetheralL, H. D Griflith, Norcoltt Bloomfield, T. Foster ItoiA West, Haygarth. Stephens, F. H. Seymour, F. Sey. mour. !F. Clinton, C. Tyrwvhitt Gl. C. Mlundy, Biddulph. Rtolleston. Carleton, Shirley B. Sabine, W on. F. Vilhers B. HowardIVyre, H.LP., C. Begot, KeunsAy Beatson, Barker. Harcourt, M.P., Meyrick, MAJOR.s-Fyers C. Glibb, Graham, Grant, F. C. Hessard. Hibbert, C. N. Ingleby, Howiard Vyse, Cannily, Bros-ne, Broughtou, Brandling, Anderson, Donovan, Jervoise, Hon. S. Calthorpe, Hon. F. Keane,. Pocock. Kirkland. Owen, Home Burves, H. Clifton, J. W. Reynolds, Cl. C. Newdigrite. Pearson, Shaw. CA.rnAizcs.-J. Shepherd, W. 3. Clifford, Hon. W. Amherst, 3. C. CaflSn, Hon. S. P. Camsegie, J. It. Farquharson, Milne, Htn.n H7 Dunran, Hon. A., Duncombe,3NU.,P.. Sayer Laffan H.LP, Lisidsay. L-ord 1. Russell. George Ross, Dlu Blat, H. S. Va-illie, 1n. Eiot. Gl. Browne. Blake, Hx. Lowther, H.P., F. Canuspbell Yelv-enton, Gerdlon, CoRUnson. C. Eden, Gl. H. Seymour, J. B3eanchamp Seymour, !L F. Stopford. LiEUTmZrnASTs-J. C. Byng, F. IL A. Seymour, Coweil. COMMalSSARY-GEiSERAL..-RaInSay. AD,mSAIs. -Courtenay Boyle, Sir F. Beaufort, Sir W. Parker, Sir C. Ogle, Sir F. Moresby, bir Gl. Seymour, Ron. Gl. J. Cavenidish, Sir H. Byam Martin, Earl of Dandonald, Hon. Sir B. S. Dundas, Sir IL Prescott.3,DBwles, Right Hon. Sir 14. Berkeley, P. Richardls, Sir E. Lyons, Colliar. Lord Rtadstoeln, Hon. W. Gordon. Lord Adtolphns Fitzclrnce Sir T. S.. Pasley. Bayner, W. A. Baillie Hamilton, Sir A. Ccommoonoux-Hon. F. Felham,. CAprAne_-.-(oy ay Bdford. C030M.4tIrma.Cese The following wore also invited, but were prevented obey. ing Hr Majsty'scommads frm doestic affliction :
LtaeiBxri oF RAiLwAY ComxAsxiEs.-At the Doncaster County Court this week an action was broughl by Mr. Henry Downes, butcher and fanmer, of BEawtry, against the Great Northern Railway Company, to recovei the sum of 421., the amount of loss sustained by him by the killing of three young horses on the night of the 12th o1 January last, owing, as the plaintif alleged, to the negligence of the servants of the defendants at the Bawtry Railway station. The facts of the case were as follows :--The plaintiffoccupies two grass fields, one at each end of the town of Bawtry, and some farm premises in the centre ci the town. On the night of the 12th of January the plaintiff's father-in-law was ietching there young horses without any halters, for they had not been broken in, fromr one of the fields just mentioned to take them to the fold yard, when they set off in a gallop, passed thefarm premises, and went in the direction of the other field, where they had been pasturingthe previous summer. Instead of going to that field, however, they passed through a gate belonging to the defendants, which leads into the coal-yard attached to the station, strayed on to the line of railway, and a train passing at the time they were all knocked down, two being killed on the spot, and the other so muct injured that it had to be shot soon after. MIr. Smith, solicitor for theplaintiffcontendedthatthe defendants were liable to repair the loss thus sustained. The coal-yard at Bawtry station was situated between the turnpike road and the rail. way, and there was a gate to the yard through which the pubHc had access to the coal-drop provided by the company for the delivery of coals, lime, and other articles in large quantities. By the 8th of Victoria, chap. 20, sec. 47, every railway company was required to provide gates and persons to look after them at those poits where their line crossed a turnpike-road. The 6Sth section of the same act required the erection and maintenane of such gates as should be necessary to keep a railway clear from trespass. In the case of "Fawcett v. the York and North Midland Company" (Las Journal Aleport, Queen's Bench, p. 122) it was decided that a railway company was liable to an action for a breach of duty by allowing the gates of their crossings to remain open. The case of "the Midland Railway Company, appellants, v. Daykin, respondent" (Laze Jouirnal Report, April, 1856, p. 73). was also cited to show that the plaintiff's servant, in following the horses when they had run away, was legally using the road. Mr. Justmns, law clerk to the Great Northern Railway Company, who, in the unavoidable absence of Mr. Blanhard, barrister, was allowed to conduct the case for the defendants, contended that the plaintift's servant had not his horses under proper control, and that he was negligent in not making every inquiry after them when they had passed through the gate of the coalyard. He cited the case of "Wallace v. the Manchester, Sheffield, andLincolnshireRailway Company" (Laus Journal, voL 23, p. 85), where a verdict was given against the plaintiff, in an action brought under similar circumstances, because he had not proper control over his horses. The Judge told the jury that it was the duty of the company to keep shut the gate through which the horses passed on this occasion. The only question was, whetherthe plaintiff'sservant had been guilty of any negligence. The jury returned a verdict for the full amount sought. COFENATION FOB TEE BIE OF A DoG.-Ar action was brought in the County Court at Doncaster, on Tuesday, by Mr. Dawson, butcher, of that town, to recover the sum of 401. for injury sustained by the bite of a dog, the property of Mr. William Kirkaldy, slater, of the same place. On the 18th of May, 1855, the plaintiff was passin the house of the defendant, when a large blackdog, belonging to the latter, suddenly sprung u,p from the foot pavement on wvhiich he was lying, and seizing Mr. Dawson by the leg bit him so severely that he nearly fainted from fright and loss of blood. The dog was proved to be a vicious brute, and the defendant had been warned by the police and the inhabitants to keep it fastened up, and had been fined by the magistrates for allowing it to remain at large. The plaintiff was laid up for some time with his wound, and fears were also entertained that the dog was affected with hydrophobia. For the defence it was alleged that the defendant had evinced his sympathy for the injury sustained by the plaintiff, and 'ad adjusted the matter by agreeing to destroy the dog, which was promptly donc. The jndge left it to the jury to determine whether any agreement had been nmade, and to what exctent it afforded compensation for the injury sustained by the plaintiff. A verdict ws given for the latter 'wih 10'. damages.
CHELTEKHAM E L2EC7. THE POlL. At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the pol was opened, for which purpose nine poll ng.bootis been constracted at the M.onpeller otunda. the number of voters on the register is Z13-5, but it wil be seen that a great many were leftmnpolledatt he end of the day. There was a largenumber of absentees, the election having arisen very unexpectedly; and the electors had become so habituated to a certain dictation in such matters that no idea of an oppoetion to the retun of a Berkleley was entertained unn the nomination on Wednesday. Public meetings of the friends of both candidates were held on Wednesday night, the Liberal party mustering at the Town-hall, and the Conservatives, or "Blues," at the Circus. Amniral the Might Hon. Sir 1 B. F. R Berkeley (father of the aLberal candidate) came down from Iondon in time to attend the former meeting, and addressed the electors on his sons behalf; and the liberal candidatealno addressed the meeting, reiterating the political sentiments which he bad Eiven utterance to in the morning in so gune and emphatic a manner. At the meeting at the Circus Mr. Hallewell, tho Conservative candidate, spoke at great length, enlarging upon the political topics of the day. In reference to the influence which had been heretofore brought to bear upon the Parilmentary elections of Cheltenhaem, he remarked that for alongtimethexepresentation had been dictated by the head of one family in the county of Glocester, by whom first one member of the family, thena second, and then a third, had been saddled upon the constituency, entirely for their own purposesof aggrandizement and personal advantage, and he should greatly rejoice if, through his means, the trammels whichl had been placed uponthemashould be broken down. (Cheers.) On the suibject of education he said he ws for the granting of further Government aid, an,d considered that the revealed word of truth should be the fundsmental principle on which national education should he based He was against any desecration of the Sabbath by opening places of amusement, but would promote by every means the wholesome recreation and amusement of thepeople on other days of the week. He would readily assent to the immediate reduetion by one half of the malt tax, which was a great hardship an the working man, and he would have beer sold at 3d. per quart {Loud cheers) Both partilesmusteredearly atthepoll, andthose who were nable or nwilling) to walk to the hustings were brought up in cabs, which were busily engaged throughout the day. and mny rode in carriages 'whose mens of progression haa all their life been limited to those bestowed by nature. The contest was much closer than had been anticipated, and this, perhaps, aill account for thefact that neitherparty published thle state of the poll throughout the day; and, mc the absence of such authentic information, various rumo got afloat, and the exicitement was lkept up to the elose, a:t 4 o'clock. At the trination of the frst hour's polling the 3mmbers were:- FBor Captain Berkeley (Liberal) ............... ..109 lFor Mr. HaleweBlltonservative) ................ ..92 M1ajority for Captain Berkeley ... -17 At 10 o'clock the poll 'was as follows:- Captain Berkeley ...... ... ... 245 Mr. Halewel ... ... ... ... ... 221 Majority ... ... ... ... ... - 2£ At 11 o'clock Captain Berkeley had slightly increased his majority, the numbers being:- Captain Berkeley ... ... ... 3.2 Mlir. Hallewell .. ... ... ... ...95 *Majority . ... ... ... -28 But matters becoming too close to be pleasant the laggards werelooked up, and athpolling becane brisk, so that at halfpast L2 the poll stood thus:- Captain Berkeley... .. ... ... 542 Mr. Hallewell. ... 490 Majority ... ... ... ... -52- This advantage was further increased in the next hour, and at half-past 1 o'clock the numbers were:- Captain Berkeley... ... ... ... ... 627 Kmr vaell ... ... ... ... ... 550 Majority ... ... ... ... ...-77 The result was no longer doubtful, and accordinly. sbortly after 4 o'clock, the returning officer announced the close of the poll as follows- For Captain Berkeley ... ... ... ... 841 For Mr. Hallewell ... ... ... ... 655 Final majority for Captain Berkeley ... -186 The returning officer accordingly declared Captain Berkeley duly elected, ana congratulated the electors on the peaceable manner in which the election had been conducted. There had not come within his observation, he said, a single instance of drunkenness or impropriety of conductthroughout the election, a fact, he thought, highly creditable to the constituency. Captain -BE:RKE then addressed the electors, and expressed a hope, now that the election was over, that all animosity would be drownned, and that the late antagonists would cordially shale hands. A dmiral BEB};ELEY, beingloudly called for,' also Camne forlard, and said the return of his son by so triduphant a majority came home to the heart of the father. It had been said that Captain Berkeley was a wild ysmag man, that he was anunstried man, that he was a nominee, and not worthy of the confidence of an enlightened and liberal constitu7ency like that of Chaltenhain. (Groans and cheers.) Now, on these points he was, in the first place, bound to say that Caption Berkeley had never given his father one moment's cause of uneasiness (loud cheers) by his conduct. Captain Berkeley had done his duty by his father, and he beheved that was the best proof that he would do his duty wherever hewas placed. (Cheers.) CaptainBerkeleyhadbeencalled a nominee, but he would appeal to that assembly and to the events of that day whether that were so. Now, he must mention that he had succeeded against great opposition, and he had been considered Quixotic for his attempt, but, with the assistance of Sir James Graham and Sir Charles Wood, he had succeeded in manning Her Majesty's navy without taking one impressed luau (Cheers.) Every nan in that navy was a volunteer, and none would be discharged when they chose to remain, and he drew this parallel withregard to the election of that day. Hle believed there had not been one elector pressed into the service of Captain Berkeley that day, but that every voter was a volunteer. (Cheers.) Referring, then, to Mr. iHallewell's speech of the previous day, he said that gentleman had spotedn of the Govern7nent as having grossly mismanaged the war. INow he, as a member of that Government, having most to do with the navy, would say that he believed future his torians would record the deeds of the British navy during the late wvar, and the w,ay in w hich they transported, not only their own countrymen, but their allies, 3,0(f0 miles across the sea, fed them, and landed them on an unkcnown shore-future historians wouldrecord it as a proud day for the British navy, and that in the late war its greatest achievements were effected. A vote of thanks to the returning officer closed the pro. ceedings.
THE ILLUMINATIONS ON THE 29tt inst. AND MAJOR H. L. POWY& TO THE EDITOl OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A letter has appeared to-day in your coluams from Major Powys which, when calmly analyzed, presents the most curious proposition with which the public has been treated, since the time that your conrespondent, Mr. Jelinger Symons lapsed into silence. This letter of Major Powys starts with the assumption, that, if the populace of London are called from their homes to a briUiant spectacle of fireworks, they wil amuse themselves on their return with breaking the windows of those hapless householders who may not think fit to give tbe lamplightersaholyday by displaying theirarticlesof domestic 11luminationfor that nightto air on the window-cills. We had thouhtthatthe recent gatheringsin theKensington Gardens and Igegent's?arkwere to prove, that en English crowd, when assembled for their amusement, could i e with the same order and good humour which we fmnd in thc people of any foreign capitaL Major Powrys insinnates that we are mistaken, and tucrns our terrors, which he excitas, most skilfully to his own advantage. "Pay me up," he cries to the gulible public, some pleasant little sums of money, which shall bemnostlaudablyexpended, and inreturn I shaLl funi you with a passport that will carry your windows unbroken throughaUl the tender mercies of a London mob." Wasthere ever a cooler proposition than this of thefreebooter Powys to levy blackmail on our good citizens in the Ifth century ? Does the worthy MIajor appreciate the delicate situation he has contrived for himself E Does he foreseethe tunpleasant dilemma in which he may be inconveniently placed? I should advise hinm to be cautious how he takes the money, and gives out the placards which are to guarantee his promnised immunity, lest he should be summoned by some mischievous wag before a police magistrate for obtaining money under false pretences. But if the Major is prepared to prove that there is no false pretence, that the threat he hol's eut is true, and that he can avert the mischief by that influence which he would lead, us to believe he exercses over the London mob, let him beware lest a stil moro ugly charge of a conspiracy to break the peace and the window-panes of 1Her Mjaestys liege subjects shoul d be brought against hi)n by those who may not avail themselves of his mob-controlling talisman. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. A BARR18TER. .rv 8. TO T31E EDITOR OF THE TTIES. Sir,-lIajor Powys once got himself into a serious difficulty by a letter which he vrote. His letter in lTie Tlim2es of this day can hardly fafil to have a similar tendency, in which he assumes that the illuminations are to be general, which Heaven forbid I" secondly, that houses not illuminated are to be molested; and thirdly, that placards to be issued by him at 9, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, on certain terms, will "effectually prevent all molestation !" Major Powys's former letter eabited verylitte good sense or good feeling- his present communication very great ignorance, if not of te laws of conspiracy, certainly of those of morality ! Your o bedient. RPrnnt. JANIJS. London, May 8. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TTDhS. Sir,-Will you allow me to make an inquiry throngh the mnedium of your jourmal, suggested by The letter signed " H. IL Powys, Major," which appeas n you impro of this day? Is it inevitable that, unifuminated and unprviq,d with certificate from " H. L Powys, 3Major," I should have my windows broken in celebration of the peace? If so, it becomes a matter of calculation 'with mny carpenter ands glaie as to the relative expense of boarding up 3my windows on the 29th, or of having them regldzed on the 2oth Some pople, may possibly inure ho ie "EL _T~. Po~I~ia3or, m xrthorttyto IevylAa-mafl angd' issue indTlgencies, although it be uder the garb of ch.arity. Thn I ceave to more influentia inqnirers, perchance among them Sir Pichart Mayne and others intrnsted wzith the preservaion of order and the pubvlic peace, RexnainiiD. Sir. yoursr very fathfully, HOUSEHOLD10 mffay S. The Chancellor of the EHxchequer acknOwleages the receipt of 40L. ais income-ax on foreign secrities, from "T. P.", also the fist hallves of iBa;nk of Enland notes for 3001. (Nos. K-C, 01,825, El-C, 00,O7D, andI-T, 40,823, 1001. each)W, believed io be dule to the 'counti for income-ta, from " ES'
YARLAMENTA>2Y ITELLGEYCE. -ROUSE OF 1DRDS, THUPBDAY, TAY 8. THE ADDRESS. lheir LOiDsmrs met at 2 o'lock and immediately pro'ceededtoBEuckinghamPalace to present to the Queen the Address adopted by the House in answer to Her Majesty's I Message announcing the re-establishment of peace. There; were present the Lord Chancellor, Lord Ashburton, the iBishop of imerick, and the Earl of EUesmere and Lord I O,lenelg, the mover and seconder of the Address. Their lordships were attended by Sir A. Clifford, Usher of the 3B1ckRod, and by Mr. Leferre, Clerk of Parliament. On the reassembling of the House at 5 o'clock, The LORD CHANCELLOR read Her Majesty's answer, which was in the folowing terms:- "I receive with sincere pleasure the loyal and dutiful Address which you have presented to mie on this occasion. "I heartily thank you for your cordial co-operation in the measures which I considered necessary for the prosecution of a war, which, in conjunction with my alies, I have been enabled to conduct to an honourable and successful termination, by the full accomplishment of tlhe objects for which it was undertaken. "It is most sa.tisfactory to me to feel that peace has been re-established on a basis wlich affords the best security for its permanence, and I trust that, by God's blessing, it may long continue to promote the progress of civilization and the happiness and welfare of mankind." GENTERAL WILLkIMS. Earl GRANTVILLE presented the following message from Her Majesty, which was received vith loud cheering Her Majesty, being desirous of conferring a signal mark of her favour and approbation on Major-General Sir william Fenwick Williams, K.C.B., for the eminent and distinguished services rendered by him as Her Majesty's Commissioner at the head-quarters of the Turkish army in Asia, und particularly in the gallant defence of Kars, recommends to the House of Lords to concur in enabling Her Majesty to make provision for securing to Sir William Fenwick Williams a pension for 1,000. per annum for the tern of his natural life." - The message haring been read,- Earl GRA.NVILLE rose and said.-I beg to give notice that to-morrow I shall ask the House to take into consideration the message -which Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to send to us. I may also take this opportanity of stating, that ler Majesty has been graciously pleased to announce her intention of conferring upon General Williams the dignity of a baronet under the style and title of Sir lWilliam Penawick Williams of Kars. (Loud cheers.) SENDING OF TROOPS TO BRITISH NORTH AMERICA. The Earl of ELGIN said,-1y lords, with reference to the notice of motion which stands in my name for this evening, I beg to state that, as I hare reason to believe that it might give rise to a discussion which would be at present inopportune, I shall postpone it to an early day after 'Whitsuntide. MARITIME LAW. Lord COLCHESTER gave notice that on the 22d of May he would call the attention of their lordships to the declaration signed at Paris respecting international maritime law, and would ask the Houise to express its opinion as to the lie of abandoning rights long enjoyed by this country. e noble lord added that he would lav on the table the recise terrns of Inis resolution as soon as possible after the 'hztsuntade holydays. Lord BROTGHAM hoped that the noble earl did not intend to include in his attack the provision for putting down privateering. (Hear, hear.) Lord COLCHESTER begged his noble and learned friend to wait until he saw the terms of his resolution. (A laugh.) Viscount DUNLGANN'ON presented a petition from the Protestant Association of Dublin against the Oath of Abjuration Bim. Lord BERIN'ERS presented petitions from the inhabitants of Northwold, Norfolk-, against the opening of the British Museum and other public institutions on Sunday; and from residents in Churchorer, NewYebold, Hillmonton, Borston, and other parishes in the county of Warnick, and from residents in the ecclesiastical district of Warton, in the parish of Polesworth, against the abolition of church-rates. 31URDER OF MISS HLN'DS. Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition from Thomas Dunn, one of the persons convicted for the murder of Miss Rlinds, complaining of an irregularity which he alleged took place on his trial, and stating that an application which he had made to the Attorney-General for hlis fiat to enable him to move for a writ of error had been refused. His statemeat was, that one of the jurymen orfiginally swvorn having tceen taken ill, another was substituted without his being uroperly informed of his right to challenge, wvhereby his case had suffered nreju4ice; and he prayed their lordships to allord him such redress as in their wisdom might seem Just. The noble and learned lord requested that the petition, upon which the life of the prisoner depended, might be read by the derk. The petition having been read by the Clerk at the table, Lord CAMPBELL said no ground had been laid by the petitioner to call for their lordshipe' interference. (Hear.) No w rit of error could be brought without the fiat of the Attorney General; for if any person convicted of a crime could at his own pleasure stop the execution of the criminal law an entire perversion of justice mnust be the consequence. The Attorney-General was therefore vested with a discretionary power, which bound him to refuse his fiat whenever the application for it n-as made to him, as appeared to have been the fact in this instance, without any colour or show of right, but merely to defeat the course of justice. There was no reason for supposingthat any error had been committed in the conduct of the trial. Before any evidence was taken the usual intimation was given to the prisoner by the Clerk of A1ssize, that if he wished to challenge any one of the jury he might do so before they were sworn. One of the jurymen was taken ill andwas replaced by another name from the panel before any of the witnesses had been called; and the prisoner, who had the assistanAce of counsel, having been asked whether he had any objection tc the person substituted, answered that he did not know him and took no excception to his serving. What, then, was the gravamen of the allegrations of the petition' That the Clerk of Assize did not repeat the intimation that the prisoner had a right to challenge th jurors as they came to be sworn. 'lThe prisoner's conse' must have known what were the rights of their client is regard to the challenge, and, as no objection was taken and the trial was allowed to proceed, there was no ground nov for saying that the investigation was not impartially con ducted. If the man had been acquitted he could not havi been again put on his trial for the same offence. Having however, been fully convicted, his complaint was who1T1 unfounded; and, if their lordships consented to listen to it, they would set a very dangerous precedent. (Hear, bear.) The LORD CHANCE2LLOR entirely concurred in what had fallen from the Lord Chief Justice, and thouglht that if petitions of this nature were to be encouraged the execu tion of the law might in every case be arrested. His ;aoble and learned friend who presented the petition might have been restrained by a feeling of delicacy from refusing to lay it before their lordships; yet his own sound sense and sagacious judgment must have convinced him that the House coutld give no countenance to its prayer. -Lord ST. LEONARD'S also believed that no case had been made out by the petitioner to prove that he had suffered a denial of justice or that any mistake had reall5 loccurred on his trial. The objection taken was merely e technical one; and, even if well founded-which there was no evidence to showv-that House had no jurisdiction enabling it to correct it. The discretion was vested in the Attorney-General, who appeared to have exercised it in a very proper manner. Lord BROUGHAM concurred in the opinion that the conduct of the Attorney-General was unexceptionable, and afforded no just cause of complaint to the petitioner. Lord LYINDRURST observed that after what had fallen frons his noble and learned friends, and after reading the petition with attention, he had come to the conclusion that the Attorney-General had exercised a sousid discretion, and that the cause of the petitioner had suffered no injury at his hands. The petition, however, was of a serious and nusual character, and he (Lord Lyndhurst) had acted under a sense of duty in presenting it. MERCA NTILE AM,ENDMENT BILL. The LOR.D CHAYCELLOR observed that he had intended to move the third reading of this bill, but deferring to the opinion of a noble friend, a great authority on commercial questions, w;ho assured bin that there was among the mercantile classes of London a strong prejudice against certain-cf its clauses, he had altered his purpose, and would move that, with a view- to afford more mature deliberation, the bilb referred to a select committee. Lord 0 OYEBSTOIiE: expressed his cordial approval of the eourse taken by the Lord Chancellor. Some portions of the bil were vyawed wvith grave al.arm by many .among the commercial classes of London, and either their fears should be proved to be.unfouaded, or thebill should be so amended as to obviate the danger they apprehended. (Hear.) Lord CAYPE2IELL regretted that any obstruction should have been offered to the bill at so advanced a stage. The ,question with wI;hich it proposed to deal had been most carerflly discussed in all details, having been under consideration for two years. The safety of the bill would be seriously endangerod by refercce to a select committee. Earl GREY approv.ed the course taken by tle Lord Chancellor, and gubiuitted that ample opportunity to explain their objectionsw to the measure shouId be afforded to those among the traders of LoIndon-and they were believed to be a maJority-wIo viewed the bill with alarm. Lord ST. LEONARI)'E also commended the course aLdopted by the Lord Clmnc-Sor- Lord STANLEY of AJD7I2lP Y observed that he did not share the apprehensionsof those who viewed the bil with alarm. Fl time had akeady been allowed for the consideration of the subject, and though he offered no objection to the postponement of the third reading, he protested against its being stated that the, commercial communsity ha been taken by surprise. The LORD CHANCELLOR said tlat, in agreeing to the suggestion for the postponement of the third reading, he 3inst not be understood as entertaining any doubt as to the propriety of the enactment objected to. The order of the day for the third reading of the bill was ahen discharged, and the bill was referred to a aelect comsnittee, ¶1'HANKS TO THE ARIMY, NIAVY, AND MARINES, &c. Iord PANMURE, having appealad to the House to post. ypo°n the biqnMg@ on thepaper wICi c tood 'efore his notice, Iroceeided to move that the thanks of the House be given to the arny, navy, and marines employed in the operations (f the late war, and to the embodied militia. He said,-I shall, as briefly as I can consistently with justice to the subjoct, bring before your lordships the motion which I have to make. The House has this day addressed the Throne, thanksing Her Majesty for the announcement of the return of peace; but, before we surrender ourselves to the enjoyment of that peace-before we bang up our swords on the wall, from which I trust it will be long ere we shall take them downi again-there is a duty which remains for us to perform, and which I have the greatest satisfaction in inviting your lordships to perform-namely, the duty of returning thanks to all branches of Her Majesty's service for their zeal, their courage, and their endurance during the period of war through which we have just passed. (Cheers.) In so doing I shaU endeavour to avoid every controversial point 'which might tend in the least degree to detract from that unanimity which I am quite sure your lordships all wish to evince on the present o-casion. (Hear, hear.) The first branch of Her Majesty's service to which I will allude is the navy of this country. We have on this occasion no great triumphs to acknowledge, such as those of Tra_ falgar and the Nile; but, nevertheless, we have to acknowledge acts on the part of the navy which though not brilliant, were yet of the utmost import. ance, and such as command the gratitude of this country. (Hear, hear.) In the Baltic we have seen the navy maintain one of the most difficult blockades without the sacrifice of a single one of Her Majesty's ships, and almost, I might say, without injury to any individual in our service. (Hear, hear.) The navy has distinguished itself there by reducing one of the strongholds of the enemy. The navy also blockaded with perfect success the strong fortress and harbour of Sweaborg, and swept the Baltic Sea of every vessel belonging to the enemy, confining wvithin Russian ports the vast navy of the enemy. (Hear, hear.) Such have been the deeds performed by our navy, for which I shall move your lordships to return thanks to that distinguished branch of the serNice. In the Black Sea, thiough there has been no brilliant action performed by the combined navy, yet there has been an attack on the fortress of Sebastopol and on Kinburn, and these deeds, together with the manner in which the navy twice swept the Sea of Azoff, and rendered the greatest assistance to Her Majesty's army, deservethe gratitude of the country, and I am quite sure will receive it. (Hear, hear.) But the services of the navy have not been sufficiently known in one respect to which I shall take the liberty to direct your lordships' attention. The sistance which the navy rendered to the country in carrying on this war by furnishing the means of transport for the army and stores ought, I think, to be more publicly known. Since the commencement of the war the British navy has carried, including militia, Foreign Legion, Transport Corps, &c., from Great Britain to the Mediterranean 123,000 men, and to the Black Sea, from the Mediterranean, 26,000 British, making together about 150,000 British. The British navy has carried from France to the Mediterranean and the Baltic 52,000 men, and from Sardinia 20,000 men. It has, therefore, conveyed to the seat of war 221,000 men. It has moved in the Black Sea 170,000 men, and has moved troops coastwise to the amount of 43,000 men. Therefore, the navy during the war has been employed in carrying, in round numbers, about 435,000 men. It has moved besides these troops in various directions 54,000 horses; and the stores which it has moved from England, France, and Sardinia amount in the aggregate to 340,000 tons. (Hear, hear.) In carrying on the war, the services of the navy have been rendered, with the utmost effect whenever it was brought in contact with the enemy, or whenever it was called on to assist in the conveyance of troops and munitions of war; and I think, under these circnumstances, I may fairly assume that your lordships are ready to accord with one voice to that branch of Her Majesty's service your cordial approbation. (Cheers.) I cannot close this enumeration of the services of the navy without saying how fully I concur in the tribute paid by my noble friend the other night to the memory of a galLant admiral in that service, Admiral Boxer, by whose endeavours some system was first established in the small and narrow harbour at Balaklava-a system which, though afterwards worked out with great perfection, he nevertheless was the first to begin. (Hear, hear.) I pass now to the next branch of Her Majesty's service, one withi which I am not ashamed to say my sympathies and affections are more immediately concerned, having been connected with that service in my early days, and having ever since, consequently, felt for it the warmest and sincerest attachment. In moving your lordships to accord your than.ks on the present occasion to the army, I have no fear but I shall secure your cordial concurrence. (Cheers.) The army of England was first embarked, as your lordships are aware, in the year 1854, to take part in the war on the enemy's territory. In alluding to this event I cannot forget that the army was led from England by one to whom we looked up as the great pupil of the illustrious Duke of Wellington, and as one wno, better than any other man, knew almost the individuals of which the army was composed, who commanded their respect, hadearned their love, and had concentrated in his ovn person their fullest and most entire confidence. (Hear, hear.) It did not please Providence to permit Iord Raglan to see the end of the triumphant career which he commenced. 'When that army left this country, fulL of vigo'r, though small in numbers, none felt any doubt that the honour of the country was safe in its hands. No one felt any doubt that its banners would be always carried foremost in the fight, or that the credit and the name of England would benobly maintained. My lords, there were, however, some considerations wvhich gave room for anxiety. That army wascalled upon to fig,ht inthesame field and onthesameside as the army of FTrance. (la animosities and antipathies were to be wiped away. New rivalries of friendship were to be established; and I bave no hesitation in sayin that it was by the tact, the skill, and the chivalrous generosity which preferred the weal of another to the advantage of self byvwhichLordRaglan was actuated that the cordialunion between the armies of the two nations was brought about. He implanted this good feeling so deeply on the minds of his officers and soldiers that when new levies joined a similar inspiration seized them, and during the whole of Lord Raglan's career the cordial friendship which existed between the armies of England and France was most remarkable. Nor did it exist only during his lifetime, for after his sun had gone down it left its genial influence behind it - and it is to his ex;ertions thatlattribute the cordiality whicA has up to this hour subsisted between the armies of the two countries. (Cheers.) It is not necessary for me to remind your lordships of the career of that army. When it landed in the East it was not immediately called into action. The first foe which it had to encounter wasthat which it is most difficult, nay, impossible to overcome. It was disease. When the army lay at Varna and in its neighbourhood it encountered that terrible pestilence which swept before it many gallant and ardent spirits ere they had time to prove their might in battle. This had the effect of showing the people of England that the anny which had gone forth possessed not merely physical, but also that moral conrage, which enabled it to endure privations as well as fight battles, and, on that account, the people felt great confidence in the army. When it was called into action, we cannot forget the victories of the Alma, of Inkermann, and of Balaklava, and that on no occasion during the whole war on which the army of En-land was called upon to face the enemy in the field did It ever suffer the smallest reverse. My lords, I need hardly recall to your recollection the circumstances of the siege of Sebastopol; that siege so long, so wearisome, and so full of hardship, in which the patience and endurance, as well as the gallantry of the army, were, for a longer perod than is on record with regard to any other siege, constantly tried. Yet all the difficulties and dangers of that siege, all the privations to which the army was exposed, never for a moment shook or impaired its discipline; and when that siege resulted in the surrender of the town the army was found ready to repair the disorganization wlich such a siege must introduce into the ranks of any army, to resume its drill, and to recomplete its formation; so that it is at the present moment one of the finest arniics that England ever possessed. Iam tempted to remind your lordships of a portion of a despatch which has been already given to the public, which will prove that the army is in a condition of wliich the nation may well be proud. Writing on the 19th of April, Sir W. Codrington says,- "I liave the satisfaction of assuring your lordship of the steady, the good, the healthy appearance of the army; of its very apparent efficiency in every branch; of the order, quietness, and regularity with which every regiment passed by; and it was a subject of pride to us all to feel that such was the appearance of the army of England in the Crimnea." That is the testimony of the_Commander-in-Chief to the present state oi- the army; and I mu$t take t]iis opport t, of stating that this efficiency is due, not to anything which has been done from home, but to the exertions of the officers w ho are present with the army, and to the cordial cooperation of every one of them, from the highest to the lowest, with its Commander-in-Chief. (Hear, hear.) This is not an inappropriated time for me to state to your lordships something respecting the sanitary state of the army. I am happy to be able to state that, although that army is at a considerable distance from houie, and is subjectedto therisks of encampment, the results of a comparison between its healths and that of troops at home are truly remarkable. The account of its sanitary condition is for the week endin A ril 21. The strength of the army was then about 70,000 men. The admissions to the hospitals were 1-56 per cent. ; the deaths 0-02, and proportion of sick to well 3-72 per cent. During the same period the admissions to hospital from the camip ab Aldershott were 2-71 per cent.; deaths 0-006, and the roportion of sick to well 3-59. It is very gratifying to nd that after all the army has gone through its sanitary condition is so good. Another point to which I wish to refer is the casualties which have occurred during the war. Various exaggerated and unfounded reports hive been circulated with reference to the losses which this country has sustained by the war. I have been induced to have prepared a statement which will shovw to your lordships, as nearly as may be, and on very good grounds, what our losses really have been during the two years of'war. From the 19th of September, the day on which the army was first engaged inaction, to the 28th of eptember, 185, there were 158 officers and 1,775 men kled; died of their wounds, M1 officers and 1,548men died of cholera, 35 officers and 4,244 men; died of other diseases, up to the 31st of December, 1855, 20 ofllc.ers and l1,426 ,sln; died of their wounds, imp .~~~~~~~ I o the 31st of March last, 322 men; making a tctal loss by death of 270 officers and 19,314 men. In the Eame time there were discharged from the service as neapacitated from disease and wounds, altogether 2,873 men, maling a total loss of 22,467 men kiUed, died of their wounds, and discharged, up to the 31st of March. If we compare this with the reported loss of the Russians, if we empare it with what may be presumed to have been the losses of our allies, we ought to feel gratitude to Almighty Godforhavingpermittedthe scourgeof wart fallthus lightly upon this country. (Hear, hear.) We are led, and, Itnink, upon good authority, to believe that the Russians have lost not much under 500,000 men during the war. I will not venture-for I have no authority to go upon-to say anything about the losses of our allies, but I sayagain, notwith: tanding our own losses, we ought to feel the utmost gratitude and satisfaction that the arrangements which were made for the care of our troops should have been the means of saving so many valuable lives. I cannot pass away from the deeds of the army before Sebastopol without repairing an omission in the earlier part of my speech with reference.to the navy; and it is not too late. Your lordships are all aware of the important services which were rendered by the Naval Brigade in the trenches before Sebastopol (hear, hear); and I arm sure you wiU join with me in testifying your high appreciation of them. (Cheers.) I do not mention on this occasion the names of any officers who are now livin- beeause I find that it is not usual in general votes of thains to the army, and, if I were to do so, I should run up a catalogue, ineluding the names of almost every officer in the army. But we cannot forget those who have fallen in this war, and it is but fitting, I think, that we should pay our tribute of gratitude to them. (Hear, hear.) We cannot forget the names of such men a; Catheart, Campbell, Strangways, Yea, and Torrens, who, thoughhe did not die in hattle, yet sank under wounds which he had receivedon the field. (Hear, hear.) We cannot, we never shall, forget the nanmes of such distingui6hed men, whose remains lie on the field where they earned their glory. It is most gratifying to me to be able to say that steps have been taken by my noble friend near me to guard and preserve inviolate the cemetery where they lie. (Hear, hear.) Promises have been made, which I am certain will be performed (hear, hear), that everyrespect will be paid to their remains by the enemy, who is happily now no longer our enemy. I nowv pass to another portion of the British army for which I claimu the thanks of your lordships-I mean the foreign levies which have entered our services during the war. These now amount to full 15,000 men, active, well trained, and well organized soldiers, ready to enter into active service had the war continued. The British German Legion, under the able guidance of Baron von Stutterheim, musters at home and abroad a force of 9,000 men; the Swiss Legion amounts to 3,138 men, and the Italian Legion to 3,662, in all 15,790 men. Some of these are now quartered at Sctari, two regiments of the Swiss are at Smyrna-all men anxious and eager for the field, and most disappointed that they have not had an opportuniy of distinguishing themselves. I trust that when the time comes to dispense with the services of these men we shall not forget the zeal which they have shown in rallying round the standard of England, so that by our treatment of them we shall make our good name respected throughout Europe, and should again occasion arises, as I trust it never may, we may be able again to invite their services, with the full expectation of our call being cheerfully responded to by them. The only other portion of the British army to which I shall advert is the Turkish Contingent. This force, as your lordships.are aware, was handed over to the service of this country by a special convention entered into with us. It was commandedby officers of the British army-and when I say the British army, I include both the Queen's and the Indian armies. It was placed under the command of General Vivian, of whom I must say that he has so organizedand formed it that, had it been called into active service in the course of the present spring, it would have been perfectly ready to take a part in any operation. I pass now, my lords, to the last branch of the service to which I shall refer, and I have not the least doubt that I shall have your cordial assent in proposing to your lordships to thank the militia for its zeal in Her Majesty's service. I will not say whether the militia was originally *placed on the most advantageous footing for the coumtry; bUt this I will say, that all the assistance which the zeal and the energy of the gentlemen of England could afford lias been cheerfully and promptly afforded to HerMajesty's service. (Hear, hear.) There is a remarkable fact coanected with this war to which it is right I should draw your lordships' attention. In sll former wars this country has been compelled to have recourse to pressing in the navy, and the ballot for the militia. On this occasion we have mustered a more numerously manned fleet and, a larger body of troops than in. any former war, and no compulsion, either of the pressgang or of the ballot, has been resorted to. It is a proud thing for this country to be able to say that we have sent on the seas a gallant and brave fleet, that we have assembled in the field so numerous and well appointed an army, and yet that every man in that fleet and in that arny was a volunteer. (Hear, hear.) The militia, upon this voluntary system, has now mustered 63,603 men in its ranks; it has given to the regular army, since November, 1854, no fewer than 33,000 men; and it has not only done that, but it has exhibited an earnest desire to serve Her Majesty in foreign parts, and no fewer than 11 regiments of militia mustering very nearly 6,000 men, are now serving the Queen in the Mediterranean garrisons. In addition to these, Her Majesty's Government have been obliged reluctantly to decline the proffered services of 22 English regiments, four Scotch regiments, and 12 Irish regiments; and I am quito confident that it was only the knowledge that the offer would be declined, which prevented every militia regiment in the united kingdom from expressing their desire to serveHer Mlajesty in Gibraltar, Malta, the lonian Isles, or in any of our colonial possessions; nay, some of them were most desirous to serve in the field with the regular army. (Hear, hear.) I am gratified to be able to state that Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to allow those militia regiments who have been serving abroad to bear on their colours the word " Mediterranean,"as amemento to posterity of theirpatriotic zeaL. I cannot express what Ifeelwith reference to the services of the militia during tie present war. They hav ex;hibited an exaniple which proves to all countries that the g,entlemen of England, however devote to the arts of civil life during peace, are ready to give their services to the Crown in a military capacity the moment war breaks upon the land, and we have the gratification of knowing that these gentlemen have shown such a zeal, such a desire to perfect themselves in their newprofession, thattheyhavemade themselves in a very short time equal to officers of the regular army. (Hear.) I have stated in this house already that in the garrison of Gibraltar it was a militia officer who coiUmanded a brigade in the field, and who received from General Fergusson the highest encomium for the military talents which he e.xhibited, and which have onlybeen drawn from him by this war. I trust that this militia force, now that the war has closed, will not be allowed to subside nor to lose its present efficiency. (Hear, hear.) While returning your thanks to the army, navy, and militia for its services during the present war, it wvould not be becoming in your lordships to forget how much we are indebted to our allies who have been united with us in the prosecution of this war. (Hear, hear.) To the army of France we owe much, for from them, I believe, we have learnt something in regard to the mode of conducting war. We owe them much for the cordial manner in which they have at all times .united with our troops, and for the good feeling which has always existed between the soldiers of all rauln in both armies. Top much praise cannot be given to the French commissioners who were attached to our headquarters, for their efforts to maintain these excellentrelations, and I deeply regret that one of them, Colonel Dien, is not alive to receive from this country that meed of praisc. Our own commissioners serving with the French army no less merit that approbation whicll I am sure your lordships will cordially join with me in testif-ing to them. The Sardinian army has earned for itself the highest glory by its conduct n the Crimea. (EIHear, hear.) At the bridge of Traktir it made a sucessful resistance to an overwhelming force of the enemy, and the greater part of it has now returned home, carrying with it as a memento of its cooperation with us the English battery of four guns, to the fire of which General Marmora attributed some portion of that day's victory, and which General odringt6n witlh that readiness which distinguishes him to mark bravery and loyalty, begged General Marmora to accept in memory of the day. With regard to our allies the Tirks, the history of the war shows that upon every occasion when they have come in contact with the troops of the enemy in the field they have beaten them (hear, hear), and have won for themselves imperishable honour. (Hear, hear.) We have seen that there is no nation in Europe which can furnish more efficient troons if properly formed and nroperly led.than the Ottoman empire. It is upon the leadingt and organization of troops that success will always depend, and it is because the British troops are properly led by British blood of the first fa1milies in the Land that they have alwvays succeeded in whatevorthey have undertaken. (Hean) I have now concluded the observations which I have tomake upon this most interesting subject, but before I sit down I would earnestly entreat your lordships, now that peace is restored, not to be in a hurry to weaken that inposing navywhich has been collected after two years of war, or to part with that fine and noble army which we have now on foot. We cannot forget that at the conmencement of this wvar, to use the mildest language, we found the greatest inconvenience from the want of instruction under which our officers were labouring, and from their being unaccustomed to move our troops in anything like masses. You have now an_r formed in masses;, let me advise you -t-o'k-e-e'pit. ea hear.) You have now an army formed in divisions and brigades; let me advise and entreat your lordships not to lose sight of that formation, but to instruct your officers and men in the movement of these bodies, and to keep them accustomed to them. Above all, I entreat you, now that peace has begun, not to rush back tothatfalse economy of former times, for which I bolame no C4overnment in particular, for all were equally to blame. We have learned a lesson from the late war, and I trust that that lesson will not beforgotten. A fair and proper economy ought of course to be observed hut I hopo we shall not be in a hurry to revert to that false economy which, in truth, when an army has to be raised to a war standing, is the cause of much additional and unneCeSSary outlay. If at the beginning of this war our army had been as efficientlyorganized as it is at the present moment, we could have increased it at much less expense and with much more rapidity. I hope, therofore, that the country will not give way to the pleasures of a false economy, but will maintain the army in such a state of organization and discipline as shall enable us at any moment (should occasion arise) to place it on a war footing in the most speedy and efficient manner, without having, as we have had, within the last two years, almost to create a new army from the becinning. The noble lord concluded by moving,- "Tlat the thanks of this House be given to the officers of the navy, army, and Royal Marines who have taken partin the operations of the late war, for the meritonious and eminent services which they have rendered to the Queen and the country during the course of the war. "That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the services of the petty and non-commissioned officers and men of the navy, army, and Royal Marines who have taken part in the operations of the late war; and that the same bo omunicated to them by the commanders of the seve- ral ships and corps, 'who are respectively desired to thank those under their commands for their exemplary and gallant behaviour. " Ordered,-That the Lord Chancellor do signify the said resolutions by letter to the Commissioners for executing th! office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, aad to the Field-Marshal Commanding in Chief of Her Majesty's Forces. " That the thanlks of this House be given to the officers of the several corps of militia which have been embodied in Great Britain and Ireland durin; the course of the war. for the zealous and meritorious services which, at home and abroad, they have rendered to their Queen and country. i That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the services of the non-commissioned officers and men of the several corps of militia which have been embodied in Great Britain or ireland during the course of the war, and that the same be communicated to them by the commanding officers of the several corps, who are desired to thank them for their patriotic conduct. "Ordered,-That the Lord Chancellor do communicate the said resolutions by letter to the Secretary of State for the War Departanent, in order to be by him communicated to the colonel or commnanding officer of each respective corps." The Earl of DERBY.-Whatever differences of opinion may have interfered with our unanimity upon a late occasion, when we were asked to adopt an address to Her Majesty on the subject of the peace-whatever doubts may have been entertained with respect to the merits of that peace, or the results which have been achieved by the efforts of our army and navy-I am sure that I express the universal opinion of your lordships when I say that on all sides of the house there can be but one feeling of concurrence in the motion which has just been made by the noble lord opposite, and of approval of the manner in which he has introduced it. (Cheers.) If I presume for a single moment to intrude upon your notice, in the presence of many snuch more competent than I am to do justice to the exertions and services both of the army and of the navy, it is because the position which I have the honour to hold in this house makes me desirous of testifying, in the fullest and most significant manner, that aunong your lordships there can be no difference of opinion upon the present occasion but that all alike concur in giving their tribute of praise and gratitcde-however feeble or inadequate to the occasion that tribute may be, or however below the merits of those to whom it is paid-to our own gallant forces by land and sea, to the militia of the United kingdom, and to those I brave men who have been associated with us in the hour of trial and of victory, and our alliance and close friendship with 'whom I trust will not terminate with the warin which we have fought and 'won together. (Cheers.) I need hardly say that I concur, as all your lordships must, in the tribute of praise which has been paid by the noble lord to the soldier-like qualities, thehigh bearing, and the distinguished services of the gallant and lamented late Commander of the Forces (cheers); and I am sure that all who knew him, and all who had the happiness of being in any way connected with him, will feel that the eulogium of the noble lord does not surpass, but rather falls short of-as most eulogiums must do-the merits of that great man. (Cheers.) I concur entirely with the noble lord not only in attributing to Lord Raglan much of the credit which has been gained, much of the efficiency of the troops under his command, much also of the good understanding which subsisted between the various portions of the allied armies, but also in believing that his memory and example have since his lamented death exercised no unimportant influence over the temper and discipline of the service. (Hear.) No word of mine-no word that can be uttered-can do justice to the services of that noble army, whose devoted gallantry in the field, whose unflinching courage in the hour of battle. and, above all, 'whose patienct heroism in the midst of disease, famine, and privations of every description,-keeping alive under all difficulties and discouragements not only the strictest ! discipline, but the most fearless valour and the most un! hesitating devotion to duty,-reflect more credit upon them than any army ever gained before. (Cheers.) Although, as the noble lord has observed, the sister service has not enjoyed the same opportunities of distinguishing itself by brilliant actions, yet in every direction in which its efforts have been made available it has brought to the common cause great zeal, great energy, and great courage. (Cheers.) IIf it has not gained any conquests over hostile fleets it is because no hostile fleet has dared to face it (cheers) ; but, wherever its services have been demanded, it has shown that the officers and men of ithe present day are not inferior to their predecessors in those qualities which at aU times have distinguished-and I hope vill continue to distinguish-the British navy. (Cheers.) The noble lord most properly abstained from nmentioning the name of any individual in eithei service who is yet living to receive; in his own person the tokens of the gratitude of his country; but there was one omission which for some time I apprehendedhe was going to make, for it was not till near the conclusion of his speech that he referred to the valuable services of the Naval Brigade-services which, though not rendered on their own element or in the exercise of their own profession, excited the admiration of the whole army, displaying, as they did, a courage almost reckless and exertions almost superhuman. (Cheers.) But, although I may think it invidious to select from among those who are still living the name of that galI ]ant admiral who has happily returned to reap the fruits of the gratitude miid admiration of his country, yet I may be allowed to say that it would not have been inappropriate to remember that, while he enjoys in his own person the honour and the glory that have fallen to his lot, his feelings of pride and satisfaction must be dashed by some melancholy recollections, and in the private bereavement of that gallant admiral the countrywillnot forgetthattithaslost the services of an able and distinguished officer, who, if he had been spared, we might have fondly hoped would have trod in the steps of his father and have earned for himself a high place amongthenavalheroes of England. (Cheers.) I regret also that the noble lord, in enumerating the services of the various branches of the army and navy, omitted to refer-though I am sure inadvertently-to the efforts of a corps which deserves, as it will receive, the thank-s and gratitude of the country. I did not hear a single word from him with respect to the marines, and yet there is na body of men whose services were more valuable or more cheerfully rendered during the late war upon the heights of Balaldava. (Cheers.) Nor can there be any doubt that had the war continued -we should have found the Turkish Contingent and the Foreign Legions most efficient and useful auxiliaries. I avoid all reference to the policy of the original formation of those legions; but with regard to their present position and future services, I am quito certain that whatever objections may have been taken to theix embodiment, there can be but one opinion among youa lordships, that, the war having now closed, those foreign troops ought to be liberally rewarded. (Hear, hear.) They have come forward to assist you in your hour of difficulty; many of them will have exposed themselves co consequences and have placed themselves in a position most inconvenient and unpleasant; their relations with their own countries have been to a _reat extent disturbed by their enlisting in your service. Ivow you may be able best to dispose of them is not for me to say, but I am quite sure that the country will wish and expectyouto deal with themnina handsomeand generous manner. (Cheers.) One word withrespect to another body to whom our attention is called by the motion of the noble lord. I mean those country gentlemen of England 'who, sacrificing their own private and domestic ease and comfort, have exposed themselves to all the inconveniencies and privations attending active service, and those men who, enlsted only for temporary service vwithin their own immediateneighbourhoods, have cheerfully responded to successive demands to u ndertal-e permanent duty, wrillingly vwithdrawring themselves from their ordinary occupations to enter upon a military life-who, when their services were still further called for, joyfully left their homes and their country to perform garison duty abroad-a duty which they discharged I with remarkable success-thereby enabling you to send Fer Majesty's regular troops to the immediate seat of war, thus adding materially to the efficiency and number of your army in the Crimea-and who, I venture to say, would only have been too happy, if occasion bad required, to tak-e a position of still greater toil and danger in themilitary operations of ; thewar. C"Hear," and cheers.) I trustthat nowthewarhas closed-now that you have proved the efficiency of the militia-nowo that through its instrumentality no fewer than 100,000 men have been raised, of whom 30,000 have already been draughted into the regular army-nowthatyou must be satisfied that,had the war continned,a large proportion of the remaining 70,000 would have permanently joined Her Majesty's forces-your lorchips 'will not be in a haste to dispense with a service which has been so valuable an assistant to the regular troops. (Hear, hear.) I know that in a time of peace you cannot keep the militia regiments permanently embodied, nor do I think it desirable that you should do so; but I trust that we shall not again fall into the error of suffering the skeletons of those regiments to crumble to piecesof allowing the staff to be disorganized-and of neglecting to retain such -a nucleus of each regiment as, caUed out every year, or at aU events once in two years, for a limited period of service, may, in the first place, keep alive the skeleton of the militia system, to be clothed and filled up 'when occasion should occur; and, in the next, maintain among the men that military feeling and those habits of discipline whvich must enable them in the hour of peril to render good ser, vice to their Sovereign and. their country. (Cheers.) I entirely concur in the concluding observation of the noble lord, both in regard to the militia and the regular army, that nothing can be such false economy as hastily to do awaywith your present establishments. Reduction, and that, too, on a larze scale, must undoubtedly take place- but, in the meantime, however you diminish numbers, Iceep up the efficiency of your system-keep your improved organization complete, and retain your men, not merely as an agglomeration of regiments, as at the commencement of the war, but as an army which, though not numerous, is regularly embodied into divisions and brigades, habituated toa concert, and ready, in the event of the return of availitself without confusion of those numerical reinforcements which the spirit of the country at such times'willalways supply. In thisrwayyou may in peace constantly preserve the perfect miniature of an organised and effective 'war establishment. (Hear, hear.) I shall not venure further to intrude on your lordshis' attention. I need hardly say that I cordially concur in thie vote of thanks moved by the noble lord-3 vote in which I am sure not this House onlvbut the-whole countrytoa man will heartily join. (Cheers.) TheDuke of CAMBRIDGE-.-My lords; Ibeg to give may most cordial assent to the motion which has been submitted to your lordshilis. (Hear, hear.) It would ill become --me, as - -a member of the armiy, to add one word to what has fallen from both aides of -this House as to its recent conduct, but I may, perhaps, be permitted to observe that, ha-ing witnessed some of the glorious achievements of the late cam'paigns, as well as the hardships to which both the officers and men of the army were exposed, I can state that those hardships were borne with a cheerfulness and a patient endurance which reflected the highest credit on every one subjected to them. (Hear, hear.) Mylords, it required all-the energy of mind and body possessed by naU grades of the service to contehd against the difliculties and privations experienced in the months of November and December, 1854 (cheers); and I am convinced that not only those who survived that campaign, but the relatives and friends of those who fell, will feel grateful to your lordships for the handsome and liberal manner in which their bravery and fortitude have been acknowledged. (Hear, hear.) One more tribute I am anxious to pay, and it is chieflyto do so that I have risen on this occasion. Allusion has been made to the services of the navy, and I may observe that, although it so happened that the portion of the fleet sent to the Black Sea had not those opportunities of distingnishing itself which were afforded to the army, yet this circumstance arose, as has been already explained, from no fault of oir officers and seamen, butsimply because their enemy did not choose to meet them. (Hear, hear.) Whenever a chance of acquiring distinction offered itself the navy evinced only too eager an alacrity to [seize it, and, having myself seen the fleet o into action before Sebastopol onthe 17th of October, I am sure that all who were engaged ina that operation merit the best thanks of this House. (Hear, hear.) Havingbeen likewisean eye-witness of the assistance rendered by the sister service to the army, I can assure your lordships that withoutthat cordialco-operationthecountrynever conldhave arrived at the result which has now been sohappily attained. (Hear, hear.) From the admirals down to the humblest seamen on boardthe fleet, everyperson worked earnestly and zealously to relieve the wants of the army-wants which, as is well known, were great -and urgent; and if no other advantage should flow from thewar than that good feeling and perfect harmonybetween the twoserviceswhich recent events ave so much tended to strengthen Ishould regard the result as a most fortunate one. (Hear, hear.) On the part of the army, then, T gladly avail myself of this opportunity to ex- ress its gratitude for the invaluable co-operation it received from the officers and men of the navy. (Cheers.) There is another body to which I wish to refer-I mean the militia, which I am delighted to find has not been omitted fromthis vote. (Hear, hear.) Although that force did not actually share in the operations of the war, it has come to my knowledge that many militia regiments would have willingly gone out to join the army in a body (hear, hear); and there can be no doubt that by volunteering to serve on the Mediterranean stations they were of the greatest use to the Government and the country, inasmuch as they enabled the regular troops then quartered at those stations to proceedto the seat of the struggle at a moment when their assistance was most essential. (Hear, hear.) I therefore heartily unite in the excpression of our acknowledgments to the militia for their valuable services to the country; and, having myself seen many of the regiments, I maybe allowed, in conclusion, to remark that but for the difference in their uniform I could hardly distinguish them from regiments of the line. (Cheers.) The Earl of CARDIGAN, as a humble member of the military profession, expressed his satisfaction at the vote of thanks proposed by the War Minister to the army in the East. He wished also to pay his humble tribute of respect to the distinguished general during whose command all the glorious victories gained by our arms in the Crimea had been achieved. It was deoply to be regretted that Lord Raglan hadnotlivedtoreapthatbestreward of all hiseminent services-the restoration of peace to his country and to the world. (Hear, hear.) It was likewise to be deplored that he had not survived to receive at the hands of their lordships that vote of thanks to the larger share of which he was so well entitled. NTever was there a finer army thanthe British in the East, whether regarded in point of numbers, equipment, organization, or discipline. Its efficiency was greatly attributable tothe talents andvigour of Lord Raglan, whosejudgmentshadcarriedtheutmostweightwiththearmy while his uniform kindness and urbanity elicited the respect and devotion of all ranks. (Hear, hear.) When it was considered how much the success of a war depended on the skill of the general in command, the loss of Lord Raglan must be viewved as irreparable. A right hon. baronet of great experience and eminent taent had in the other House boniie eloqneat testimony to the military genius3 and services of Lord Raglan, and- similar eulogies haci been pronounced by a gallant and meritorious officer whose conduct w;as now undergoing consideration. In the p raises thus liberally bestowed he most cordially concurred, and he was sure that the memory of that great general would be respected and beloved by every officer and soldier in the army which had served under him. Every one who knew him loved and trusted him, and well, indeed,haditbeenif,inthe eventofthewarcontinuing,those who lad succeeded him in command could -with truth have boasted that the army regarded them -with as much affection and confndence as it had always entertained for him. (Hear, hear.) It was due to the Government to admit that they had conducted the war with great vigonr. (Hear. hear.) The peace with which it had bean now concluded was an honourable one, andlikely to conduce to tbe permananent happmness of the country. N=or should it be forgotten how large a tribute of the national gratitude -was due to the noble lord the lForeign Secretary, who on this, as on all other occasions, had displayed firmness, energy, and talent. (Hear, hear.) Particpating in the sentiments of satisfaction which all Englishmen must experience when -war was no longer necessary, he would merely observe, in conclusion, that the loss of liord Rlan as commander of the army and the thought of the manner in which the command had been frequently changed since the death of that distinguished officer in no degree diminished the feelings of gratification inspired by the reflection that anhonourable peace had been atlengthn concluied. Earl GRANVILLE.-I, in common vith all other members of your lordships' House, have listened with extreme satisfaction to the speech of the illustrions duke who has addressed us, aud I am sure that your lord&hips will concur with me in the opinion that the disciplne and wellbeing of the army must have been, in no trivial degree, promoted by the opportunity afforded to the soldiers of observing the firmness and fortitude with which a personage of such exalted rank shared their dangers, privations, aud hardships. (Hear, hear.) Nor can I permit the debate to close without presenting, on behalf of the Government, my sincere thanks to the noble earl opposite (the Earl of Derby) for the generous and very useful speech he has this evening delivered. It is most beneficial to the interests of the nation that, irrespectively of political differences, sentiments such as those that have fallen from the noble earl should have been heard from the Opposition benches. (Hear, hear.) The speech will prove of great value in promoting in both branches of the service the conviction that party considerations do not affect the members of the naval and military professions, who may rest confidenitly assured that if they serve their country faithfully they will command the support and sympathy of all the great political parties of tins country. It is also very commendable inthe noble lord to have spoken in such handsome terms of the gallant foreigners who came forward to take part in what they deemed a just and necessary war (hear, hear) and the allusion comes with singular grace from the noble lord, remembering the part he took on former occasions when the question of foreign contingents was under consideration. The remarks he has made this evening will, I have no doubt, be read with interest and ap royal throughout Europe. (Hear, hear.) What the noble lord has said respecting the system that should be pursued in reducing the numerical strength of the army has my cordial concurrence. The principles the noble lord has laid down are those which influence the G;overnment in general and mynoble friendthelinisterforWar inpar.icular,whose views are not to encourage the country in a lavish expendi. turo on military establishments, nor to kee a arger army than the nation requires, but, at the same time, to take care that such an efficient organiation sh.ll be maintained as will allow the power and resources of the army to be developed at the smallest possible expense and at fl-e shortest possible notice, if, unfortunately, war should again arise. (llear, hear.) Earl GREY, while cordially approving the motion, thought it right to say that he entirely dissented from the opinion, expressed in the course of the debate, that our military expenditure during the late peace was founded upon principles of false economy. That economy was not false; but, on the contrary, sage, sound, and in all respects defensible. It was our military system that was at fault. (Heas.) The suns zranted by Parliament from the time of the battle of Waterloo to the brealing out of the present war would, if properly administered, have been amply stufficient to maintain our army in a state of the highest efficiencv. He believed that it was that economy to which had been mainly attributable our success in the late war, because that which had had the most effect in convincing Russia of the impolicy of continuing the war was the extraordinary resources which this country had accumulated during peace under this economical system, and had displayed in war. What had been more marvellous than the rapidity with which our great mechanical skill and science and wealth had enabled us to procure novel instruments of war of the most costly description? He had himself witnessed the launch from a private yard of a floating battery, cased in a coat of mail impenetrable by the heaviest artillery, which was completed within three months of the date at which its keel was laid down. That was but one of several similar vessels which had been built by private firms in an equally short time. R vow was it that our private merchauts had building yards and mechanical appliances which enabled them to create so powerful a force inso short a time? It was by the extraordinary development of industry, commerce, and manufactures during peace which had been fostered by the small demands which had been made by the State for military purposes. If anything could afford a striking proof of the wisdom of the policy which this country had pursued, it was the contrast between our position and that of Russia. The policy of Russia had been to keep up, at the expense of an immense pressure upon the resources of the people, an enormous military force. That force was a source of aprehension to many persons, but whien the time of triar came it was found that it was not able to cope'withthose resources which nations that had acted uponadifferentpolcyhaddeveloped. If we were not misinformed, Russiawas now convinced of the mnistake-which she h danade, and was about in-fuLture to adopt a6 diffrent policy. e (El Gey) protested uaiLnst the notion of our keepig-2p )large-military establshmnnts, and trusted that it would never be considered the policy of this country to keep ip an army vhich was to b prepared at short notIce to tike the field. iu ffensivcoperations uponth cotnnofur Naiswe. much like indivduals, and he was a.ld thtt° having too ready means of offence mht encourage in us a nacious spirit. I uPoieae~masfdfne and above all hadae cmd efom,cen he for one would never consen to iUing: suppesed necessity ofoffensive operations on thc conitinents. The vote of thanks to the army and navy having beem - Lord PANM EURE saidthathe,wouldtake thit opportunity. of stating what the Government proposed to do wnth reference to the militia regiments when they Were discharged It was proposed to add to the permanent staff the quarter.- masters who at present held commissions in retments, in order to relieve the adjutant from t charge of the stores, and to leave him more time for the discharge of his other duties. To the subalterns, many of whomhad been at considerable expense tojointli regiments, it was proposed to give three monthsl, and to the surgeons and assistant-surgeons one year's pay. The menwould, upon the disembodiment of their regiments, receive the balance of the li. bounty for the present lear. In reply to the Marquis of SArISBUIty, Lord PANMURE said, that the question of the additiom of non-commissioned officers to the permanent staff was, under the consideration of the Government. The vote of thanks to the militia was then put and. agreed to. SMOKE NUIS.LNCE ABATEMdENIT (METROPOUIS) ACT, 1S53, AAENDMENT BILL. Lord REDESDAE moved that this bill be read a second: tune. Lord CAMPBELL wished the noble lord had extendae the operation of his bill beyond the metropolis. The bill was then read a second time. MARRIAGE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. Lord BEROUGHEAI moved the second reading of this bill' the main object of which was to prevent any marriage being contracted in Scotland, unless both parties -were born in Scotland or hadtheir most usual place of residence there, or had lived in Scotland for three wetks preceding the narriage, lIe observed that the present state of the la-w as productive of great mischief, by enablingparties who crossed the border from England into Scotland. merely for the puroose of being married, to contract rash and imaprovident unions; and hegreatly regretted that the English courts had departed frow_ the principle laid down by Lord Mansfield, who held that. such a proceeding was a fraudulent evasion of the law of England and ought not to be upheld. In consequence of that principle not havingbeen maintained, these border mar_ riages had much increased of late years, and, from the losemannerin whichthev were contracted,introducedgreatdoubt; andconfusioninrespect tothe real conditionof thepartiesand their issue. He went so faras to think, though the presentbill did not touch on that point, that some check ought tobe imposed upon the hasty contraction of marriages in Scotland, withont ceremony or notice, by persons domiCiled. there. He had been informed that a respectable gentleman in Scotlaud, whose tvo daughters went out to ride with a groom, found, to his infinite astonishment and noless infinite dismay, that one of them returned tohis house an hour after married to the groom, and such a. marrage, was as perfectly valid by the law of Scotlandc as if it had been celebrated after proclamation of bans bya regular clergyman. The provision in the bill respecting the power of Scotch courts to divorce he intended tostrike out in committee, as he did not anticipate the concurrence of the House on it. Lord CAXPBELL thought that some clauses of the bill would have the effect of preventing unobjectionable border mariages, and recommended its withdrawal and reintro. duction without those clauses. With regard, however, tomarriages in Scotland, it was desirable that they should not be valia wvthout some ceremony capable of proof. Lord St. LEONARD'S approved thefirst clause of the bill, and thought that the others might be considered and. amended in committee. No doubt the law of marriage iu Scotland ought to be placed on a surer foundation, and a, stop nught to be put to the abuse of sudden flights to and, marriages at Gretna-green. The bill was read a second time. The County Courts Acts Amendment Bill and the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up Acts Amendment Bill passed through commnittee. PENSION TO LORD DALHOUSIE. The MIarquis of crLAINRICAIE rose to askwhetherHerMitajesty's Governm ent had sanctioned the grant of a pension of 5,0001. a-year, chargeable upon the revenues of India, tothe Marquis of Dalbousie 9 lie did not object to the eminent services of Lord Ialhousie being acknowledged. in any way Government and Parliament thought proper, but he objected to any pension being granted by the East India Company out of the revenues of India. It was a monstrous assumption of power on the part. of the company to make such a grant. It was veryeasy to give away other people's money. The revenues or India belonged to this country and not to the company. Their dividends were not affected by charges upon it. X liberal arrangement had been made to pay off their capita, and, meanwhile, to pay a iixed dividend, and the late act. declared that the British territories in India were continued under the Government of the company only until I'arliament should otherwise providc. The government of India, might be taken at anytime out of theirhands, and, therefore, to give a pension of 5,0001. without the consentof Parliament. was not only presumptuous but unconstitutional (Hear.) A governor miight return from the snows of Canada or the burning sun of Sierra LIeone, after a service of one or 20@ years, with broken and shattered health; but the Stategave him nothing, and there was no Court of Directors to vote, him a nension. The pensions awarded to Ministerm of State at home did not exceed 2,0N01.; and. Lord J. Russell had publicly stated that he never cameunder pecuniary obligations to any man until he became rrime Minister. That distinguished statesman was aremarkable instance of the manner in which itwas the policy of thecountry to deal with its civil servants. lIe haa served the country for a long course of years, hehad filled almost all the great offices of State, including that of the First Ministerof the Crow.n, and yet nobody ha& tver proposed to conder a grant upon him. So contrav ywas it, indeed, to the policv and feelings of public men that pensionsshoud be given for civWl services that, although two of 2,0001. each were now vacant, no person had. come forward to claim them. WVhenstatesmenathomewere treated in that way upon principle, he thought it was monstrous that the Court of Directors, the Presidentof the Board of Control agreeing with them, or even the President of the Board of Control, the Court of Directorsr agreeing with him, should grant to a Governor-General suck a pension as was never offered to the highest personages in England. He expressed no opinion -whatever upon the services of Lord Dalhousie; but there was no reason why Par. liament should not vote whatever sum of money it pleased in reward of those services. What he complained of was an abuse of power on the part of the Court of Directors-an abuse for which he deniedtnere vas anyprecedent. The cases of Lord Wellesley and Lord Moira certainly afforded none. The pensions awarded to Lord lIardinge and Lord Gouglx bore no analogy to the present case, those pensions having been granted for military services, and accompanied by elevation to the peerage. iMoreover, the present state of thet finances of India afforded little justification for such a gift, there being a deficit of 2,000,0001. upon the revenuc and eexpenditure of the last year-a condition of things which appeared to be comig permanent. The system of assessment pursued by the lndian Governmnent was also objectionable, and the reports of Parliamentary commiittees showed that tortuire was obliged to be resorted toin order to wvring from the unfortunate ryot his paltry contribution of oJd. Did it become the body wvho raised itsrevenue in that mode to vote it away in pensions of 5,0001. a-year wholly without precedent? Sonia pecuniary comi pensation might have been awarded to the survivorof the wretched victims of the inhuman taxgatherer; but that was not for a moment thought of by those wiho proposed this liberal and muni- ficent grant-a grant which, lie admitted, might havc~ been very proper if contributed from funds belonging tothose who recommended it. WVithout entering into any comparison between the administration of Lord Dalhousie and that of other Governors-General, it w as neverthelessto be desired that the C=ourt of Directors should showv as much appreciation of the services of men whodevoted themselves to the social amelioration of Indiaas they had evinced for the e.xes-tions of those who added. to their territory and increased their political powver. From the days of Lord Clive dow;n to the present time no name connected with India was more distingnisherj than that of Lord William lBentinck, one of the most preCiOUS results of whose administration wvas the abolition.oE the suttee, and whose services muight indeed have been well deserving of at pension. But a grant like the oneK under consideration, flying in the face of all policy and ther deliberate judgment of Parliamnent, was -wholly unwamrrantable, andthe Mlinisters of the Crowzn ought to ref usecit tersancthon. iBear, -hear.) The noble marquis conciuen y ovig b cpie ofan eoresonencbetee cluded b-v moving for copies of ainy correspondence btween the Board of Control and the East India Company relating to the subject to wlhich he had called attention. Earl GRPAV=E.-The very able statement of the noble marquis raises t-wo questions; first, whether it be legally competent for the Court of Directors to grant thin pension; and next, whether the grant be expedient? I could hardly follow his argument on the first point; but I understood him to assert that, because certain words vere introduced into an act of Parliament determining that. the existing constitution of the Indian Government should continue until the Legislature otherwise provided, the EFast India Company has now no power to give a pension Iike the present. It is clear that this act may, like any other. be repealed whenover Parliament thinks fit; but surely, until it is repealed, it cannot be fairly contended that. the powers it confers cease to have validity. The noble marqui8 says that if these pensions may be legally given to the Marquis of Dalhousie they may with equal legality be given to any one else. I believe that to be sowith this proviso, however, that they shall be subject. to the very same conditions timder which the pen- sion has been given to Lord Dalhonsie. Those conditions are that the pensions shall receive the sanction, of two general Courts of Proprietors, that they shall be reported to the President of the Board of Control, vho alsoshall signify his approvaI of them, and that the warrants conferring them snall be presented to both Houses of Par. liament within one month -of the day on which the grantswere made. As regards the question of expediency, the noble marquis has himself bornetestinmony to the signal ability, sagacity, and judgmentof lord Dalhousie. Itis not easymatter forany Englishman toresist thetemptationofreferring in the language of enthusiastic commendation to the splendid talents and brilliant services of one of the ablest statesmen that this countryhasproduced-a man of singular energy and capacity, whose vigour of mind has not menr
HOUSE OF COMIOMS, THuRSDAY, MAY 8. The House met at 2 o'clock, when the Speaker, accompaialed by a number of hon. members, proceeded to Bucking. hiam Palace to present the address on the ratification of peace to Har Majesty. On the reassembling of the Hrouse at 5 o'clock, The SPEAI(ER read Her Majesty's gracious answer to -'he address (for which see Lords' report). The following private bills were read a third timo and lassed :-The ('armarthen and Cardigan Railway Bill, the Crowsland and Eye Road Bill, the Eastern Count1ies Railway Bill, the Honiton and Sidmouth Road Bill, the Lovestoft :end Beccles Railway Bill, the Luton District Road Bill, the Sihames Haven Dock and Railway Bill, and the Tormoham iWater Bill. Petitions against the g,rnt for the endowment of May. ooth wrere presented by Mr. SPOON-En, from the Wesleyan hapel, Bristol-road, Birmingham- from the Presbytery of Xberdeen in connexion fit?'the i'ree Church of Scotland mn Presbytery assembled; from certain Protestant in. habitants of the towvn of Blackbnrn; from the Freo South Ieith Chuarch, county of Edinburgh; and from South. 'erro; in the parish of Tonbridge-wells; by Mr. KyaxAL,, froni the inhabitants of Liskeard, in the county of Corn. wall; by Mr. SA imuiS, froni Wakefield, by Mir BAXTxR, from 3,820 inhabitants of Arbroath, and from the second Tree Chuvch, Carnoustie; by Colonel BUCK, from tho inhabitants of Pilton, in the county of Devon; by Ir. CRE5RNE, from Lancaster and the neighbourhood; by Sir J. JO0NsTON-z, from the Wesleyan congregation at Scarbo. rough; by Colonel DuNcom , from Pickering, Kirby. ZSigston, and Osmotherly, in Yorkshire; and by Mr. Duyror, from the minister, elders, and deacons of Free St. Mark's, Glagow ; by Mr. ROBINSO.N, from HLastings, St. Leonard's4nmSea, :Northiam, Brede, and Beckley, in Sussex ; by Cap. lain S~rTUART, from Bedford; a nd by Mr. SnnuNGs, from the Free Church of Alyth. a Petitions were also presented by Mr. GP.EEN-, from the corporation of Lancaster, agiinst the Scotch and Irish Poor Removal Bsili by Mr. DUNM~op, from the Free Presbytery of Greenock, a favour of the Parochial Schools andEducaon Bills (Scotland); b.y Mr. BATER, from the Free Synod -of Angus and Mearns, in favour of Government promoting tjducation by grants in. aid of existing schools; by BMx, ALEXANDEn HAIsrlE, frvom the workers of Reid and Whitemnan, A. and A. Galbraith, Mile-end Spinning Cornpany, Calder Iron-works, Clyde Bottle works, Barclay and Curle, M'Naughty, and Sl;eriifs and Anderson, praying for a law declaring the arre-' "tent of work-men's wages illegal; also, from the paroclhial hoard of Glasgow, against the Nuisance Removal Bill (Scotland); and from 1,061 inhabitants of Glasgow, for the repeal of the Publichouse Act (Scotland); by Mr. BLACKBURN. fromo the Kirk Session of Panbride, Bsanchory-Ternan, Kirkintilloch, StirEing, and the trustees of the "M£ilne Bequest," county of Aberdeen, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. G. ELH DY, from the owners and occupiers of 9-lOths of the parish of Eyton, Herefordshire, against the BiU for the Abolition of Church-rates atd the amendments of the Government; by Mr. WISE, from Nether Kirk-ton, in the county of Renfrew, and by MIr. CROOK, from operative bleachers in Scotland, in favour of the bil to regulate the hours of labour of wromen and youngersons inbleaching and dyeing works; by Mr. WEST, from the solicitors of WGrexham, in the conmty of Denbigh. ie favonroF the Wils and Adminstrations Bil, and suggesting certain points of detail as improvements to the said bill; by MIr. HADrIELn, from the Baptist congregations at Lockwood, HIudderafleld, and flali tax, for the entire abolition of church-rat,es and against the Government proposed amlendments; and, fiornWilliam Irvine, Edinburgh, for an inquiry into the present practice of admitting poor litigants to the benefit of the poor-roll in Scotland, with a vieV to its amendment; and by Mr.WarnTAr.N, from all the attorneys and solicitors at Maidstone, in favour of the Wills and Administrations Bill; from St. Mary Cray and other parishes in Kent, for the discontinuance of all ecclesiastical grants and endowments in Ireland; by Mr. MNASTERrAN and by Mr. PELxrTT, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, praying for investigation into the gross frauds in the hay and straw trade; by General AnRBUTneOT, from Benholm and another parish. against the Schools (Scotland) Bill - by Mr. DuFr, from thle Presbyterv of Fordyce, against the Lord-Advocate's Scotch Education Bills; and by Mr. STIRLuG, from the Kirk Session of Kelton, Banff, Arbroath, north parish of Aberdeen, inhabitants of Weem, Dunning, Sinclairtown, and Gallatown, against the Eord-Advocate's Parochial Schools Bill; and from the Kirk Session of Banff, against the Burgh Schools Bill. THE BANDS IN THE PARKS. Mr. KLNNAIRD gave notice that, after the Whitsuntide recess, he should submit a motion to the House with re.erence to the conduct of the Government in permitting the military bands to play and refreshments to be sold in the parks on Sunday. (Hear.) POLICE ASSAULT. Mfr. PEACOCKE asked the Home Secretary whether his attention had been caUled to a case reported in The Times of a savage assault committed by a policeman on a most respectable young lady on the day of the proclamation of peace ; and whether he approved the course taken by the magistrate before whom the policeman was brought ? Sir G. GREY said that he had not heard of the case, and that he knew nothing of the circumstances. FIRE INSURANCE BILL. Sir F. KELLY suggested to the Chancellor of the Exchequer that he should postpone the further progress of this bill until after the financial statement. The CHAINCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that there had already been considerable delay in proceeding with the bill, and every week that elapsed occasioned a loss to the revenue and inflicted an injury upon the existing insurance companes. There was no necessary connexion between the hill and the budget, and he hoped to bo able to proceed with it to-morrow after the Police Bill. FOREIGN ENLIJSTMENT. Mtr. BAILLIE gave notice that, after the recess, he should draw attention to the foreign enlistment question, and submit a motion on the subject. GEN}ERAL WILLIAMS. LordPALMERSTONappeared atthe bar and brought up a message from the Queen, in which Her Majesty in. formed the House that, being desirous of conferring a mark of her approbation on General Williams for his eminent services as Her Majesty's commissioner, and particularly for his gaUant defence of Kars, she had been pleased to secure to SirWilliam Williams a pension of 1,0001. per annum for the term of his natural life. (Loud cheers from all parts of the House.) The noble lord in moving that Her Majesty's gracious message be ta'ken into consideration to-morrow (this day), added that Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to give directions that the dignity of baronet should be conferred upon Sir William WiUiams, by the style and title of Sir Wiliam Williams of Kars. (Renewed cheers.) THANKS TO THE ARMY AND NAVY. Lord PALMERSTON.-I rise, Sir, in pursuance of the notice which I have given, to propose to this House to return its thanks and to express its acknowledgments for the great and eminent services performed by that portion of the army and navy which was engaged in the operations of the war; and for the zeal and merit of the embodied militia at home and abroad during the period that that war lasted. Sir, it was natural that a nation, on the termination of a successful war and on the conclusion of an honourable and satisfactory peace. should be led by its first impulse to the temples of religious worship, in order to render thanks to that Almighty Power which directed and favoured our arms during the war, and which has blessed our councils in the negotiations for peace. The next duty which is incumbent on the country is to return its thanks and to express its acknowledgments to those brave and gallantmenwho have, under theblessing of Providence, been the instrumnents by which our success in war has been accomplished, and the conditions of peace have been obtained. (Cheers.) It is the peculiar privilege of a free people that, upon occasions on which the national gratitude has to be expressed, they are entitled, as by right, to participate with the Crown in the expression of the national feeling. In other countries, which are not so fortunate in their institutions as we are, those honourable expressions of ''gratitude are confined to the Sovereign alone; and the brave men who have perilled their lives or wasted their constitutions in the service of their country have not the additional satisfaction of knowing that, in conjunction with the approbation of the Sovereign, they receive the grateful and heartfelt thanks of their country. Sir, the value of that co-operation of the Crown and the people is well known and cannot be exaggerated. We all remember the remarkable expression of that gallant hero, Nelson, who going into action exclaimed, " Now for Westminster Abbey or the House of Lords," thereby anticipating the co-operation of the Crown and of Parliament in acknowledgment of the services which he might perform. If, then, the hope of such a reward be a consolation even to those men who think that their lives may not be spared to enable them to enjoy it themselves, how much more is it grateful to those who anticipate being able to receive the thanks of a grateful country. (Hear hear.) There never was a war in which the brave army and navy of England better deserved the thanks of their country than the war in which we have lately been engaged. (Hear, hear.) There have, it is true, been wars much longer in duration and more diversified by great events; there have been wars in which greater battles have been fought, and in which operations have been conducted on a larger scale; but there have been few wars attended with results more important (loud cries of "Hear, hear"), and there have been none in which those qualities which, perhaps, in a peculiar degree, belong to Englishmen have been more nobly displayed. (Hear, hear.) There has never been a war in which our brave men have had better or more frequent opportunities of displaying that impetuous courage in attack and that irresistible intrepidity in defence, combined with that power of enduring privations and all thoee other qualities which adorn our soldiers and our sailors, than in the war which we have just terminated. (Cheers.) When the war began, in March, 1854, there sailed from the shores of this country a galant band of about 10,000 men, and at thattimethe anticipations of the country did not, I think, go further than believing that they would not proceed beyond the fortifications of the Dardanelles, or do more than aid in protecting Constantinople. Few men at that time imagined that that gallant band would be increased in amount to the force at which the army in the East now stands. C-radually was that smaU band swelled by fresh instalmentsfrom this country, until that noble army was formed which has effectedsuchgreatresults;itwaslikethecloudineastern climes which, at first no larger than a man's hand on the distant horizon, gradually overspreads the panoply of heaven, and bursts with a power that nothing is able to resist. That band of 10,000 men has been multiplied by ten, for there are now under the command of the British general in the Crimea forces amounting to no less than 100,000 men; and had the war continued there would havebeen a still greater number of men who, at its termination, would have been included among those to whom it is now my duty to move the thanks of this House. It is well known that that gallant army, after a sojourn upon the coast of Turlkey, when it was found that by the cessation of the siege of Suistrla no immediate necessity existed for its continuing any longer in that position, was transferred, in conjunction with our allies, to the coast of the Crimea. Every member of this House recollects the glorious battle of the Alma. Every one remembers the daring intrepidity with which, led by that gallant soldier-that hero, as I will call him, whose loss we all lament-Lord Raglan (loud cheers), the British army, in conjunction with our allies, who, side by side with them, equally shared their dangers, notwithstanding the resistance of the enemy, carried heights which might have been deemed impregnable when held by the soldiers who then defended them,. (Hear, hear.) Not long after that battle-after tho flank-march had taken place and the siege of Sebastopol was begun-came another battle equally severe-I mean the battle of Inkermanu. It is, I must say, a. remarkable circumstance that those two battles, following each other so closely as they did, should havd brought so prominently into sight the best qualities of the British soldier (hear), for while, on the one hand, the battle of the Alma proved that nothing could resist the rush of British troops, that notenemy tecad main- tain a position, however strong, against the dash of -a British army; so, on the other hand, the battle of Inkermarn showed that a British army, placed to defend a position, is always able, by whatever troops it may be attacked and however they may be superior in number, by the stern resolution and the steadiness of the British character to maintain that position against any troops which may be brought against it. (Cheers.) That defence at Ink-ermann reminds me of an incident .at Waterloo, when an offioer who asked the Duke of Wellington, whose position was threatened by an overpowering force of cavalry, what he intended to do received the simple answer, "I don't mean to budge from hereto-night." (Hear, hear.) Then again, there was the battle of Balaklava-a battle in which all arms had an opportunity of distinguishing themselves. At that battle the gallant 93d, when charged by a large body of cavalry and disdaiuing the ordinary tactics of forming square, and without any recourse to any of those operations to which infantry usaUy resort in order to repel the attack of cavalry, stood in extended line, and by their steady fire repelled the attacldng force. (Hear, hear.) In that battle the cavalry had also the opportunity of showing of what British cavalry are capable. The charge of the heavy cavalry, which cut through the Russian battalions, was one of the most glorious achievements of the war, and was attended with complete success. The charge of the light cavalry, unfortanately not successful -and the circumstances of the case were sach that it could not have been expected to be successful-was one of the most heroic enterprises ever undertaken. (Hear.) It was an enter. prise of which the countrymen of the brave men who under. took it may well be proud (hear, hear), and one which will live in the record of history as long as the memory of these ages shall endure. (Cheers.) There were also two other memorable occasions on which the British army dis. played its heroic courage-I mean the two assaults on the Redan on the 18th of June and the 5th of September. Those attacks were, it is true, not attended with saccess, and, indeed,-it was hardly possible that they could succeed, but I think that no man can fail in admirint the daring courage which led those brave mento traverse an open space of 250 yards exposed to the most murderous fire of cannon, of musketry, and of everything which could be used to deter an enemy from proceeding in his attack; and in spite of .-l the difficulty and dangers to which they were exposeddangers which would have made any other men quail-they went on, and the survivors, while their comrades were falling by hundreds around them, nobly performed their duty (hear, hear) and entered the enemy's fortiffications; and I am sure that, even though they were not able to maintain that position, they could not have obtained greater glory than they did. (Hear, hear.) Then again, the events of the war have brought into play those qualities which I think that the people of this country peculiarly possess. Bravery in action is a quality which we do not pretend to monopolize; it is a quality which is shared by other nations, and, while we are proudof it ourselves, we honour and respect it in others. (Hear, hear.) But the power of endurance, the power of sub- mitting to privations and silent sufferings, is, perhaps, a a quality still more to be admired, as being, perhaps, less gene. ral, and that quality our army has had ample opportunities of displaying. All must remember the accounts, unhappily too true, of the privations which, during that dreary winter -notwithstanding all the efforts which were made by the Government at home, and notwithstanding the fact that large quantities of those things which were essential to the wellbeing and comfort of the troops were almost within their reach, though, unfortunately unavailable, from a want of arrangement, perhaps necessarily incidental to the first beginning of operations upon such1h scale and at so great a distance-were endured by our brave troops. At that time they were caUed upon to perform a duty which has seldom or never befaUen an army. They had to carry on siege operations of a most difficult character. As a general rule, when a large army invests a fortress, however large the fortress may be, its garrison is limited in extent, and its weakness is known to the besieging force. It is generally a matter of scientific calculation at what period a breach may be made and the superior attacking army place itself in per. sonal conflict with the inferior army within the town; but the siege of Sebastopol was of a totally different character. There were two armies equal in number, or if there were any difference at the commencement of the siege, perhaps the army of the enemy was the larger of the two, and throughout the whole of the siege operations the garrison had an open communication with the rear, and reinforcements were perpetually pouring in. The position of the enemy precluded battle in the field, and our army had therefore to carry on the operations of the siege not against a limited fortress and garrison, but against the whole military power of the Russian empire. (Hear, hear.) The operations of a siege so conducted necessarily imposed on our brave and gallant troops an amount af fatigue, followed by sickness, which has seldom occurred, [or so long a period, in the military history of the world. (Hear, hear.) Our men bore their sufferings with the same steadiness with which at Alma they carried the heights of the enemy, and with which at Inkermann they defended their own position; and to the honour of the British soldier be it said that in the long course of those iperations they displayed, not only courage and endurance, but that generosity which belongs also, I am proud to say, to the character of our countrymen. (Cheers.) It is well known that many a private soldier, whose health had been impaired by his services, who ought to have gone into hospital and was advised to do so, refased to avail hinielf of the permission or to comply with the order, because he said, "If I go into hospital the duty will fall heavier aDon my comrades, who are as little able to bear it as myself. I will go on as long as I can, and I will share with them the difficulties and dangers whatever they may be." (Cheers.) The history of the war confirms the well-known adage that,- " Noble actions may as well be done " By weaver's issue as by prince's son." The private soldiers were distingaished by every quality which gives dignity to human nature, while of the conauct of their officers it is impossible to say too much. (Cheers.) Such, then, having been the bearing of our brave soldiers, without entering into any further details, I think that you will readily concur that there cannot be a fitter occasion upon which this House, as the Drgan of the national sentiment, should express its thanks and convey its acknowledgments to those brave men who have thus earned the gratitude of their country. (Cheers.) En regarding the great and glorious deeds of those who survive, it is impossible not to remember with feelings of regret those of whose services the country has been deprived. We have lost many a brave and gallant officer and many a brave and gallant man. [Hear, hear.) Some have perished in the field of battle. Others have fallen, not less in the service of their country, by the wasting effect of disease. Bat those who have sufEered private losses must, at least, have the consolation of thinldng, whether their gaUant relatives fell in the field of battle or by wasting disease, that they are equally entitled to the gratitude and admira. ,ion of their countrymen, and that their names will equally live in the fond and proud recollection of England. (Loud iheers.) We lost in the first place that great man-for so Dn account of his noble qualities may he well be calledLord Raglan. (Hear, hear.) He had reached a time of life when, without any disparagement to himself, he might have declined the active service proposed to him. Ho held high and important official situations here. Ho had won hisspursin aformer wars, by the side of his great commander and friend, the Duke of Wellington. He was of an age when men are generally considered exempt from active duty, but, having devoted all his life to the public service, he would not shrink at the last from the call which his Sovereign and his country thought proper to make upon him. He fell a sacrifice to the performance of his duty. (IHear, hear.) I am convinced that the only feeling of regret which crossed his mind at the last moment of his life was, that he had not the good fortune to fall in the field of battle-the dangers of which he had often so bravely and freely encountered-and tho consolation to breathe his last in the front of an enemy, rather than in the manner "Iv which it pleased Providence to remove him. (Cheers.) We cannot sufficiently lament those other gallant generals whoM we have lost-Cathcart, Goldie, Strangways, Torrens -aye ! Torrens, for though he did not die in the Crimea, he sankunderwoundsreceived there (cheers)-Adams,Estcourt, Sir John Campbell, and other names which belong to the s1ie catalogue of brave officers; but it must be a satisfaction to the families of those men that, though by the will of Heaven they were taken, they died in a noble cause, M&ntaining the honour of their country and their own dignity. (Cheers.) Although our lossea are deeply to be deplored, yet, upon the whole, taking into consideration the great difficulties which our army had Ito encounter, the various battles they have fought, the different services on which they have been employed, it cannot.be said that the number is greater than might inevitably haTe been ex. pected. The whole amount of casulties of all kinds in the course of the war-that is to say, the whole number withdravn from the army by death in the field, by death in hospital, or by discharges under various circumstances, amounts to 22,457, of whichthe number ldlled in action was comparatively smalL I do not mean to underrate the value andmagnitude of those losses. At the same time, when we compare the disasters of war with those calamities to which all nations are subject-with the scourge of pestilence, for example-it must be remembered that one epidemic sweeps away far m.ore men than those I have enumerated, and we may h,e thankful that the war has been concluded without a greater saMei fice of the lives of our countrymen. ' It is said that in peace soInS bury their fathers, apu in war fathera bury their sons;-butit cannot be impressed too much upon cur ninds that there are calamities which sweep away both fathers and sons, and leave mothers, widows, and orphans deploring their loss, and reduced towretchedness and poverty -calamities which may he often averted and mitigated by the application of scientific means within our power. (Hear, hear.) I say we have reason to be thankful that, under Divine Providence, our losses have not beengreater. Whathasbeen the loss of our enemy? I say, upon authority which I believe to be good, that on the heights surrounding Sebastopol 90,000 Russians lie buried beneath the soil; and that the Russian army, from one cause or another, lost no less than 500,000 men. I say it not with any object of exultation. It increases the regret that the war should have been forced upon us; but it may have been one instrument by which the peace was brought about; and we have reason to be thankful that in prosecuting a just and necessary war to a successful result we have done so at an amount of loss so mich less than that of our opponent. (Hear, hear.) In this war the navy had not the same opportunity which the army had of obtaining brilliant distinction in battle. The enemy with whom we had to contend had occupied himself dng many a long year and spent a large portion of the revenues of his empire in creating an inimense navy as well as a large army. The mere presence of the British fleet was alone sufficient to deter the enemy's ileet from acting. Neither in the Baltic nor the Black Sea have our gallant sailors had-opportumityofencounteringfacetofacetlieleets whichthellussianGovernmenthadprepared. But inthe Black Sea our sailors contributed immensely to the success of our military operations. Not content with assistin b every possible effort the operations of the army, we all know a naval brigade was established on shore-blue jackets fightinin the trenches with red coats-and nothing could exceed the harmony of co-operation, except perhaps the intrepidity with which that co-operation was supported. (Cheers.) I should not omit to mention that in the Black Sea the operations of our army were greatly assisted by the darng exploits of our navy in the Sea of Azoff. Of thatseawehad no practical knowledge. Its dangers and dificulties were increased by the want of water, but in that sea our active and enterprising sailors performed exploits of the utmost value to the army, and which entitle them to the thanks of this House. (Cheers.) Sir, we might have extended the sphere of our oprations in the Black Sea by taking a wider range. We might have laid in ashes Odessa, but it was thought most proper not to do so. (Cheers.) It was felt that Odessa was no military or naval fortress, and that its destruction would have inflicted great misery upon a harmless and inoffensive population. So that that which was made a matter of reproach against our navv for a want of enterprise was the result of a determination to which we must all look back with satisfaction. (Cheers.) Sir, in the Baltic, in the first year of our operations my hon. and gallant friend Sir C. Napier, whom I name not as a member of this House but as a naval commander, accomplished a most 1 difficult and important operation with our French allies. He found his way through the navigation that led to Bomarsund, and, in conjunction 'with the land forces, in the shortest time levelled the fortress to the ground. That was an ex-ploit which did great credit to the naval skldli of my hon. and gaUlant friend (cheers), and it was attended with the most important results. If Bomarsund had not fallen we might not have been entitled to stipulate in the treaty that there should no longer be any fortifications or naval establishments in the Aland lisles;- That stipulation is of great importance to the balance of power in the North, and for that we are mainly indebted to the exploit of my hon and gallant friend Sir C. Napier. (Cheers.) Well, Sir in the succeeding campaign an exploit not less bnlliant, not less important, and not less difficult, was accomplished by Admiral Dundas in the destraction of the great arsenal of Sweaborg. (Cheers.) That exploit deserves to receive a high place in the naval records of this country. (Hear, hear.) it was an enterprise conducted with great skill and with complete success, and would have been attended with further consequences if it had not been that those engines of war which had been supplied would not stand the repeated use of them which was necessary, and that the season was too far advanced to send an additional supply of mortars to the fleet, although those mortars were ready and would have been sent but for that advanced state of the season. Our gallant sailors, then, are not less entitled than our gallant soldiers to the thanL-s and admiration of their countrymen. (Cheers.) And, with regard to them and with regard to the army, it must be a source of satisfaction to this country to think that, having started with an army and navy on a peace establishment, this country has been able so rapidly to develope her militaryresources. I do not say this to the praise of this Government or that, for it is to the nation that the merit belongs-to the determined and inflexible courage of the people of this country who resolved that no efforts should be wanting, that no supplies should be withheld, that no exertions should be spared, to carry on the war with the utmost vigour and success. But it is a proud fact, which will be recorded in the history of Europe, that England, having begun the war with a small army and comparatively a small navy, at the end of two years of exertion, notwithstanding the waste of war, notwithstanding the difficulties of the time required for placing her establishments on a war footing, was able so rapidly to increase her naval and militaryforce that, haine begun the war with a force of 120,000 men in all parts of the world, yet at the end of the war. we had au army in the Mediterranean under our generals, including the foreign corps and the Turldsh Contmnent, of upwards of 110,000 men; and that, having begun the war with a fleet of comparatively small amount, we ended the war with a squadron such as was well described by Lord Hardinge the other day, who said that we had sent out a mighty naval armament, the- like of which no country ever saw. (Cheers.) Sir, we had atlthe b e igof tlhe war a total amount of 212 ships, and at end of the war we had 590. (Loud cheers.) And, Sir, when I mention this augmentation of our military and naval force, it is due to those who are not employed either in political situations or in distinguished military service-it is due to that great body of men who are employed in the civil service of this country to do them the justice to say that they deserve the thanks of the country for the great exertions made by them to complete the great additiotis both to the army and navy of this country. (Cheers.) Sir, that army in the Crimea has required immense supplies of every article and material counected with military operations. It has required ammunition of every kind, military stores, clothing, fuel, and every sort of supply. There are some military men in this house who are better able thaij we civilians to estimate the exertions requisite for supplying an army with everything that is necessary. But any man who will give his mind to the subject will see that without the greatest exertions, without the utmost energy on the part of all the members of the civil administration engaged in supplying the different things that an army requires, it would be impossible that our army should be in the condition in which it now is. (Hear.) Iwill again quote Lord Hardinge, who said that our army now in the Crimea is in such a condition, as no army ever before could be said to surpass. (Cheers.) Sir, the health of that army is the admiration of all those who have seen it. (Hear.) That excellent health could only be produced by those detailed arrangements of sanitary and commissariat supply of all kinds which are essential to the comfort and health of the soldiers and officers, and which are necessary to provision an army at such a distance, and those exertions are highly meritorious on the part of the gentlemen employed in these services. In the same manner with regard to the fleet. My right hon. friend the First Lord of the Admiralty, however great may be his enecgy and untiring application to the duties of his office, could never have produced such an augmentation of force if he had not been seconded by all the departments of the naval service under him, by all the suborainate officers, by the labourers and artisans of the dockyards-ay, and if he had not been seconded, also, as he had stated, by the private builders of the country it would have been impossible for him to raise the navy to a pitch of force such as it now occupies. (Hear, hear|) Well, Sir, we cannot forget on the present occasion the great services rendered by the militia of the country. (Hear, hear.) Sir. we rust remember that that force is composed of men who are enlisted for the home defence of the country, and that it is officered by gentlemen of the country who are generally occupied with other duties and engagements. But I am bound to say that, when that force was embodied, as great a devotion to the public service was displayed by both officers and men as was shown by any branch of the military and naval service of the country. (Hear, hear.) And when Parliament gave the Government the power of accepting the offers of these regiments to go abroad, besidei the militia regbiments which went to the Mjediterranean, 37 regiments offered their services, which the Government could not for the moment accept. But there were several regments thaAt did go abroad. They garrisoned Gibraltar, Malts, and the lonian Islands. At Gibraltar there were the 3d Lancashire, the Northampton, and the 2d West York - at Malta, the East Kent; in the Ionian Islands, the Berkshire, the 1st Lancashire, the 3d Middlesex, the Oxford, the 1st Stafford, and tho Wiltshire. There were 10 militia regiments that went, and 37 that offered their services and were ready to go (cheers); and I must do them the justice to say that these Aregiments may ho reckoned as models of military efficiency. (Hear, hear.) I trust I shall not be takin.g too great a liberty in mentioning the name of an hon. member of this, House, but the general officer at Gibraltar has stated that, in a long course of military service, he hadI never seen a regiment better officered than that commanded by Colonel Wilson Patten. (Loud cheers.) The militia not merely volunteered their services, bht in the course of the war they gave 33,102 men to the line. (Cheers.) That, sir, may at first appear a very simple operation, and those who look at it superficially will not fully appreciate its merits. But when we think- what must havebeenthe public rpiritof the colonelsof militia regiments. who, when they had, by great exertion and the devotion of much time, trained and disciplined a fine body of men. had the power of mind and the self-denial to encourage the best of those men to go from under their command and enter the regiments of the line, we must feel that their ublic spirit and their self-denial entitle them to the admiration and the gratitude of this House. (Cheers.) The act which enabled the Government to employ foreign corre was for a time not successful in its operation, but I am glad to say that at the present moment we have a forceof nearly 16,000 men, Germans, Swiss, and Italians and troops better disciplined, better conducted, morecajpable of performing all the duties wrhich military men are liable to perform, nieverwsore the British uniform (hear); and Ilam quite sure that if the w,ar had gone on the country would have bad reason to be thankful to those brave men for the services they would have rendered. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the militia, as wvell as with regard to the navy, it is right not to forget that, whereas in former wars the militia was raised by conscription, and ships of war were filled partly by conscription, there is this remarkable feature in the last wTar that neither in the army, nor the navy, nor in the militia, is there any one man who has not entered as a volunteer. (Cheers.) Yoa have augmented your forces to the vast extent I have fAsntioned by the public spirit of your people, and yet every man who has entered your service has himself cho3en the profession ot arms. You have the certainty that all those who have voluntarily entered your naval and ninltaxy service are men of courage, of enterprise, of darin5, character - men every one of w'hom is worth two who aught be com- yelled to enter that service by conscription. (Cheers.) I msy, then, that the men both of your army and of yournavy have well earned the reward which the thanrks 1 of this House will confer upon them. Although it is not within the proper functions of the Legislature of one country, however wide may be the range of the functious of Parlialuent, to interfere as the dispenser of praise or censure -for if praise may be given censure may be given toobEtween the Sovereigns of other countries and their soldiers and sailors, yet I am quite sure that we cannot for a moment forget the great and important services performed, in cooperation with our forces, by the army and navy of our great ally the Emperor of the French (cheers), bythe gallant troops of the King of Sardinia (cheers), and also by the troops of the Sultan of Turkey. (Ilenewed cheers.) iVith regard to the French troops, the mention of their name is sufficient to imply everything that is great, gallant, and heroic in the conduct of men. (Hear, hear.) The Fiench have been too vwel known in aU periods of history for the daring gallantry, ay, and for the generosity of their conduct, to require praise or aclnowledgment from any living mian. (Cheers.) History is the record of their merits. But, at the same time, we owe them too much-we are too much indebted to them for acts of kindness out of the field of battle, as well as for brave co-operation in the field, for the House not to offer its thani-s for the co-operation rendered by the gallmt soldiers and sailors of France. Every man in this country values the alliance between the two nations as well as between the two Governments; and it must, therefore, be a matter of satisfaction to them to know that not merely was there a political co-operation between the French and English soldiers and sailors, but that the individual intercourse between the men of the two countries indicated that a feeling of brotherhood existed, and that aU former feelings of national jealousy had vanished into empty air, and giveni place to a real friendship and esteem, founded upon mutual respect. (Cheers.) The troops of the King of Sardinia did not arrive in time to take part in those great actions which I have enumerated, butat the battle of the Tchernaya (hear, hear), in which we were not able to take part, they gave proof of that valour and skUll which has always characterized the soldiers of that noble kingdom; they displayed a military science which did them infinite honour; and we may be sure that had the war continued, and had they been called into a more extensive range of action, they would have performed feats which would have rivalled and equalled any recorded in their history. (Hear, hear.) The Turks-also did their duty 'welL For a whole twelvemonth they kept watch and ward at the Danube (cheers). and they defended it against all the forces which their Russian enemy was able to bring to bear uapon it. Omar Pasha showed great skill in his arrangements, and his troops displayed a courage worthy of the history of their nation. They took the only opportunity afforded them at a subsequentperiod of the-war,underthecommandofourgallant and heroic countryman General Williams (cheers), of showing in fnU force their great qualities. Without, then, dwelling upon events which are too fresh in the minds of all I have the honour to address to require a more particular description, I am persuaded that I shall have the unanimous concurrence of the House in the motion which I now, Sir, place in your hands. The noble lord concluded by movmng,-"Tbat the than-s of the House be given to the army, navy, and maarines employed in the operations of the late war; and to the embodied militia," and resumed his seat amid loud and general cheers. Mr. DISRAELI.-I have the high honour to second the motion of the noble lord. Although the struggle which has just terminated has, as the noble lord justly observes, not been of very long duration, yet such is the marvellous improvement which has tak-en place in the means of communication among nations, and so complete, in consequence, has been the information which has reached us from the scene of warfare, that I really beleve that periods of hostility much more prolonged and wars which some may think even more important in their object than the present have not furnished the chroniclers of history with a greater variety of incidents and characters So great has been the variety of deeds, so numerous have been the developments of character, which have already become household words in England, that one may say that every village has its hero and every fireside its thrilling tale. (Cheers.) The object of the war was from the beginning understood by the people of this country, and the contest has been sustained by them witlh that firmness which can only be derived from conviction. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord dwelt, with a detail into which it would be impertinent in me to enter, upon the peculiar circumstances of the various armies to which we are now ready to express our gratitude. Although these campaigns have not been of such long duration as some which have taken place under great captains-those, for instance, of our own Wellesleystill I believe there is hardly any variety of warfare which has not been proved during their course. We have had the pitched battle and we have had the protracted siege, we have had heights triumphantly gained, we have had heights defended with success. (Cheers.) Throughout these campaigns so numerous were the traits of individual heroism, such were the wonderful effects produced by the determination of the soldiers, that I do not know whether, were we to search the most glorious annals of past wars, we should be able to find a match for the achievements of our contemporaries. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord reminds us that the mavy has, in these transactions, scarcely had the opportunity of distinguishing itself which it deserved, and of which it was fully prepared to avail itself. There is truth in that observation. It is, no doubt, true that the sailors of England have never had the opportunity of meeting in pitched fight the naval armaments of the enemy, but we must remember that by their enterprise the flag of Eng. land has waved triumphantly upon waters where it had never before penetrated. (lHear, hear.) The noble lord has asked us to express our thanks to a third division of the service-the marines-equal in every quality to the other two, whose daring deeds will, I am sure, always receive, as they have deserved, the admiration of the House. (Hear.) That is an arm which on various occasions in the wars of this country has rendered great services, for which it deserves the utmost praise which this House can bestow. (Hear, hear.) I was very glad, also, that the noble lord dwelt with so much feeling and justice upon the services of the embodied militia. The manner in which the people of this country when the militia was embodied rallied round their natural leaders is one of the most sig,nificant and gratifving proofs that the heart of England 1s true. (Cheers.) The noble lord has reminded us that 10 regiments of Militia have served in our foreign garrisons during the late war; but the House should always recollect that it is not merely those 10 distinguished regiments that have defended our Meediterranean garrisons vw. lich have been employed in active service during the war; bu tthat those 37 regiments 'which, in a manner so much to their credit, offered theirservices to the Sovereign, may be said in a certain sense to have par. taken in the battles that have been fought. From their ranks those 30,000 good and well tried soldiers were collected-from their ranks many of the youth of England entered into the service of the Queen; and we may recollect with pride-common, I am sure, to both sides of the House -that the gentlemen of England have during the war garrisoned our arsenals inthis country and defended our strong places abroad; and thatmany of those gentlemen were membersofthisHouse. (Cheers.) Thenoble lord has treated with justice the subject of our cordial relations with our allies throughout the struggle. Admirable as was the fortune of Marlborough and Eugene, I think, if we look back to the wonderful co-operation which took place between En3gland and her allies, that 'we shall see that it has not been inferior in concord, symnpathy, and generosity to that 'which prevailed in that illustrious age. But while I 'wou7ld join with the noble lord in the fullest expression of thankis, even to our aLlies-if formually we might offer them-let u s remember that there are some who were not our allies, who were not the soldiers of our Sovereign, to whom it would be not only yenerous hut, in my mind, wise to do justice. The father of poetry has told us that the strength of a conqueror cannot he more surely estimated than bythe character of him whom he has conquered. Sir, the men whom the forces of the Queen and her allies had to meet in the great struggle which is now concluded were no common men. The legions that triumphed under Suwarroff and conquered at the Borodino, although defeated at Sebastopol, have nroved themselves foemen worthy of the united chlvalry of Englandd and of France. (Chees.) In doing this justice to our late opponents we are, in fact, only placig the achievements of our fellow-countrmen and our allies in their true aspect and proper position. (Hear, hear.) Sir, I have gieat pleasre in seconding the motion of the noble lord; and, if it were not presumption, I would express my opisnon that when the verdict- will not say of posteritybut that when the calm and unimpassioned verdict of the time in which we live is Riven upon these events, it will be acknowledged that in the late struggle our country has shown all those qualities 'wJich maintain a nation!s greatness and 'which prevent the decline and fall of empires. (Cheers.) Mr. STAFFORD said that the noble lord who had proposed this motion had stated that the navy had not attracted that degree of enthusiasm -which had been bestowed upon the army, because it had not, in contest with the enemy, accomplished those brilliant achievements which had distinguished the army. It must bo remembered, however, that.to the navy had been intrusted the deliEcate aud important duty of 'practica'ly commencing the alliance awith France. When the two armies arrived in the East and met as brothers there, every soldier knew that the fleets of the two countries had been anchored together, yardarm andyardarm, in Besica-bay. Considering the suspicions which were rife at that time, and how anxiously and sedulously it 'was endeavoured to sow discord among the fleets, it might have been a difficult matter to counteract those many efforts. But the command of the tleet was fortunately intrusted at that time to one whose pradenco and popular manners frastrated those attempts so soon as they were made; andit was to Admiral Deans Dundas that we owed the practical commencement of the alliance. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, and he sad it not less from a sense of public dnty than from private friendship, it was not just at this hour to pass over the name of that gallant officer. Bnt Admiral Dundas had a stil higher claim to their notice. He (Mr. Stafford) knew, for he was with the admiral at the tine, how unceasing had been his anxiety and wise frethoughtor the welfare of his sailors-especially for thse who 'were serving on shoredurg the 'winter month when off ie coast of the Crimea; and Sir B3. Lyons ha stated before the Oommission at Chelsea that the difficulties of the fleet were, never knownnot that they did nco exist, but tbat they hd been strlied with and conquere It was to the wie arrangements of Admiral Dundas that the eomparative'ly good health and comfort of the navy were to be attributPd. Every sailor inthe flee t mecw tiat - and yotwhen Admiral Dundas was d eroun ced for not dcipg tisab 'which tio Lad .9hQwu it to be iipos- sible for him to do, and when he was censured for thingg, and one word of explanatieia would have exculpated-:ini completely, he nevefuttered that word, and nerer emyyed any member of that Eouse to read official or semi-offcial, or prvate correspondence, to justify what he had done, -although the temptation might have been great to a man vhv, did not prefer to everything else his sense of duty to the service and the country. (Hear, hear.) And now that A dmiralDundashadretired into private life,feelin that he had been much misrepresented, he had the approLation of his oyn conscience to carry 'with him, and he had the good wishes of every one who valued the charcter of a Slant officer and of a warm and kind-hearted man. (ear, hear.) If ever there were a House of Comraons 'Which might feel that, in proposing a vote of thanks- to the army and navy, that vote was not a mere idle form of words, it was the present House of Comlons. When the war began no supplies that the Minister asked for had been grudged. As the war devel6ped itself, every act of courage and every deed of daring were hailed with enthusiasm by an applauding Senate; but, when darker days came, and the news arrived of an army perishing and of the waste of human life, then came the trl of the House of Counmons-then came the proof of whether they would really stand by the army; and then the Rouse set what many might call a dangerous precedent, and incurred the inconvenience of a change of Governiment rather than run the ris3 of seeming deaf to the cry of a soldier's agony. (Hear, hear.) Since that time the House had listened with patience and even favour to every plan proceeding from any member, however humble, which hdor its object the amelioration of the soldier's condition. It had shown by every means which usage allowed its fixeed determination to do justice to the army; and when the army estimates were brought forward, many millions were voted with unprecedented faci!ity the only anxiety that wvas evinced being, not astotho amount, but asto theproperapplicationofthe money to the purposes forwbichit was imtended. Thoso who had to bring before the House and the country the hideous details of the sufferings of the army had no enviable task to perform. They had to run counter against many prejudices, and often gave offence, he feared, to parties in high quarters. But all those considerations wera nothing in their view to the execution of that vwhich they beleved to be a sacred duty; and what did they newfind ? The noble lord had spoken of the excellent sanitary condition of the British troops in the Crimea. The troopg Wero now well clothed and well fed, and their condition excited the admiration of every foreigner. If the sick had recourse to the hospitals there, they found such excellent attendance and such completeness of details that a French officer bad told him that the whole establshments were such that it would be found impossible for the hospitals of any other army to compete with them. When the sick- were sent home, they vwere sent in transports which differed very little in point of comfort and convenience from what they found in the land hospitals, except that of enjoying the additional benefit of the sea breeze. And vhen at length they arrived in England they were taken to the hospitals at Brompton and Chatham, where everything was provided for them, aud the establishments at which were such as every Englishman might be proud of. The best and latest resources of art were adopted for their benefit, and, finally, on their being paid off, they were discharged with a pension. They had a right. therefore, to iew with feelings of gratification and pride the excellent position in which at tTe close of the war they left their anny. He sincerely congratulated the noble lord on the achievements he had accomplished during the last year. It must be a high gratification to the noble lord to feel that during his Administration these brave men had been treated as they deserved. A most just eulogiumi had been passed by the noble lord and also by the right hon. gentleman (hfr Disraeli) on the army,whichhaddone justice tothehi;h characterof those gallant men. Hethoughtthat this time the Government might do an act of mrace which would be highly gratifying to the army about to return to their country. But, before he made the suggestion he was about to do, he would read an extract from a letter witten to a member of her family by one who had been called by Lord Ellesanere in another place a ministering angeL ?diss 2ghtingale thus vrote in the month of March from te hospital over which she presided:- " I have never been able to join in the popular cry about the recklessness, sensuality, and helplessness of the soldier. I shouldisay (and, perhaps, few have seen more of the mannfacturing and agricultural classes of England than I have before I came out here), that I have never seen so teachable and helpful a class as the army generally. Give them opportunity promptly and securely to send money home, and they wvill use it. Give them schools and lectures, and they w,ill come to them. Give them books and games and amusements, and they will leave off drinking. Give them work, and they will do it. Give them suffering, and they will bear it. I would rather have to do with the army than with any other class I have ever attempted to serve, and when I compare them with .... I am struck with the soldier's superiority as a moral, and even an inteLlectual being." He could not conceive a greater compiiment to any class of men than that which was conveyed by these simple words of that incomparable woman. But he had been about to mase a sug"eston. In some countries in Europe it was the custom te distinguish a happy event, not only by a great deal of rejoicing, but by some act of grace. There were in the prisons of this country many young persons who had been convicted for the first time for light offences. lie thought that for the sake of those who had made the name of Briton more famous than any inthe world, for the sake of their endurance of hardships, and for the sake of their bravery aud good conduct in war, an act of grace miglht be extended to those young persons who had but once offended. He believed that such a deed of grace would have a good effect upon the juvenile offenders themselves, many ot whom would remember it all the days of their lives, while it would be highly gratifying to those who were returning to their native country to know not only that due honour had been done to themselves, but that their great merits had been the means of conferring a benefit on others. Then, indeed, would the Government and the country have a right to say, that it was not by a mere form of words, but by a good and generous act that they had showntheir appreciation of the valourana deserts of those gallant men. The motion was then agreed to. REFORMATORY SCHOOLS (SCOTLA&ND) BIL. The House then went into committee on this bilL On clause 1, Mr. lAGIIRGE called upon the hon. gentleman who introduced the bill to state how far he would -o to prevent these schools being made engires for proselytizing ? Mir. DUNLOP had no wish that these schools should be turned into engines for iroselytixing; *but the fact was that theywereprivateinstitutions, and, if it were desired to obtain the advantage of them for the public, it would not be desirabletopersist oneonditionsnot in harmony lwith the views of the prmcipals of them. Mr. YAGUMER was proceeding to give some instances of proselytism, when a motion was made by an hon. MxarssEt that tile House be counted. It appeared that there were 40 members present, and the hon. gentleman proceeded with his speech; but as several members immediately left the house, An hon. Mxxnsu again moved that the House be counted. This time there were only 37 members present, and, Tho CHAKAtAi having reported the fact to the Speaker, the House thereupon stood adjourned at 20 minutes to S o'clock-
TaEa SCOTCH Mrx' STI=E.-This unhappy struggle, the most severe and wide-spread which has ever been known in Scotland, continues without the slightest prospect of amicable adjustment, although there are indications that the men are getting worn out by privation and long endurance. The strike became general among the colliers and miners of the upper and middle wards of Lanarkshire on the 8th of MIarchlast. It gradually extended to the lower ward, and then embraced the counties of Renfrew and Ayr, with the mining districts of Stirlingshire, until now, shen it is computed that for some weeks past 40,000 men have been voluntarily idle, and an amount of wages equalling 320,0001. has been lost to them and to the country. The strike, as is generally known, is against a reduction of wages. In the autumn of 1855 the ges of the colliers were advanced from 4s. to 5s. perday; hut in the early spring of the present year the masters intimated that the state of the market, consequent upon the termination of the war, required that they should fall back upon the old rate of wages, which would even then, at 4s. per day, be as high as any, sad higher than most other districts in the country-for instance, in the adjoining coal-fields of Cumberland, where the wages are only 3s. Gd. per day TLi masters also complain that the men arbitrarily fi a day's work at what is termed a " darg," an amount of labour which neither old nor young, weak nor strong, are permitted to exceed. AUl are thus reduced to the same level, and the young man who can do his day's " darg" in fivo hours is not permitted to earn more than the old man who takes nine or ten hous to perform the same amount of labour. This is proved by the example of the few collieres where the men haive haa the courage to throw off these restrictions, and where at the nominal " dare of 4s. they can ear from 5s. to 7s. per day. The men on strike argue that the state of the iron-market, for the smelting of which the coal is principally raised, fully justifies the former rate of 6s. per day being paid - thit the reduction is recklessand - necessary; that with a due regard to their health they cannot work more than 4A or 5 days a-week, and their wages are greatly reduced -by keeping up their tools, the expense of powder, &c. 'They say that w]41e the coal and iron-masters are maldng immense riches at their. expense they treat them heartlessly, and they poiat to such men as the Bairds of Gartsherrie, the Wilsons of Dundyvan, and the Merries and Cmminghams of Carabrae, &c.,- who 25 7ears ago were in a comparatively lh *ble position, and, nave now become millionaires. Reasonirg of this-knd is, as ual, artfully inproeda upon bya p Iacel of unpnrieleds spouters, and thze en stand out for what they teim their Irights' with all the devotionof maztyrs. lNow that theirown means hare become completely exiaslted, they arm making appeal to etber trades, hut it is believed that theit assistance from this source is trmg. They have monster meetings in razioc parts of the country daily, andelErc their determiatiosl to stand oti to the last; but on n- day the miners at Newmills returned to their 'work at the rate of 4s. per day, and it is known that thousands of others would readily folow their example but for false psii and intimidation. On the whole, the conduct oe the miners hi boen pretty orderly, but in the face GEoMM%y men, worsen, and children in a state of stari`tion -elf-iMposed though it may be-the ifzhabitantn of te 'mining districta are in a very uneas condition, and they fear an outbreak before all is settled. There are nearl '2,1)90 arned men located throughout l-anarl;ibire, consist lug of tbe lnark r and Glasgow Begimients of YeomanY Cavalry, the two regiments of irl sbire- Mffilitia, ad -. uody ns, no arrived from 1n'and on 3oaday. All the iuhabiantsofthese districts aro'snifering sererely from the disruption of trade. The inkabitants o Glasgor also feel it severely,for the price of ooals duin tho luA week has risen from 12z. 6d. to26. the waggon. The odl-l liers themselves who are on ike are cutting down tree on the fields and roadsides to serve as fuel. Such is the state of matters at the present juncture. IITiDLE TzrIx, Iay 8.-The Right Hon. Sir lAurence Peel has thig daybeen called to the bench of tVI lIon. Society of fl1l)dd1eTremple,
LONDOIY, FRIDAY, MAY9, 1856. The House of Lords met yesterday at 2 o'clock, to present the Address of congratulation on the conclusion of peace. There were present-the LoRD CaAwcsuoR, the Earls of ELJiESERE and GiuN-ELG (the mover and seconder), Lord AsHBUiRTO-N, and -the Bishop of LL'%rErcK. Their Lordships re-assembled at 5 o'clock. The Earl of EaGxi- postponed his motion on the military establishlnents in the North American colonies. The LORD CHAN-CELLOR read the answer of EER m^Esrv to the Address of the Peers; and communicated to the House that HEP. AJLESTY, in consideration of the services of General WILLrIus, had granted him a pension of 1,0001. per annum. Earl GRiX-ILLE announced that HER LDJESTY had also been pleased to create General Wmwrs a baronet, with the title of Sir WimAzi FmnwIcK WLLLIS of KARS. Lord COLcHmESTER gave notice he should, on the 22d of blav, call the attention of the House to the declaration signed at Paris relating to the change in the maritime law of the coumtry. Lord LY.irnunsT presented a petition from T. Dux?.E, convicted of the murder of bIiss HINDs, complaining that the ATTRom -GE-ERAL for Ireland had refused his liat for a new trial, and alleging that the sentence is illegal, a jiuror having been changed withoutnotice given of the right to challenge him. Lord CAiPBE LL, Lord BRtouGoor, the LoRD CffmNcELLoR, and Lord ST. LEONARDS declared that the objection had no validity. The LORD CGEn.xEILoR withdrew his motion for the second reading of the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, and moved that it be recommitted. Lord PA24=nE moved the thanks of the House to the Army, Navy, and Marines engaged in the operations of the late war, and to the embodied Militia. He enumerated the services of those branches of the national force that had been actively engaged, commencing with those of the navy. They had fully entitled it to the gratitude of the country. In the Baltic it had maintained the most difficult blockade on record for two years, without the loss of a single ship; it had reduced one of the strongholds of the cnemy; it hac swept the sea of every vessel belonging to Russia; and confined to port the whole of the large navy that Power could command. in the Black Sea it had attacked the fortresses of Sebastopol and Kinburn, and by the operations in the Sea of Azoff had rendered the most valuable assistance to the army. During the course of the war, it had also funishecl transport to 435,000 men and 54,000 horses. Hte then reviewed the services of the army, from the date of landing at Varna, speaking in the highest terms of its courage in the field and its for- I titude and endurance under disease and privations. He compared its condition during the winter of 1854 vith its present state, to show that the zealous efforts of the commanders and officers had again brought the British forces to an efficiency in every respect almost unexampled. In point of health it would bear comparison with the army at home. He read from official returns a statement of the losses made up to different periods, by which it appeared that the final and total loss, from every cause, Idlled in action and deaths from wounds and disease, amounted to 270 officers and 22,467 men. Comparing this number withthelosses of the enemy, hethought they had cause to be thankful that the scourge of war had fallen so lightly on the nation. He then alluded to the foreign levies in the service of England,-the German, Swiss, and Italian Leoions, and the Turkish Contingent,-stating that they0were admirably organized, excellently disciplined, and ready to do good service in the cause they had embraced, if their services had been required. He hoped they would now be treated in a manner that would make the name of England respected throughout the world, and render it easy to raise a similar force should it ever be necessary. In speaking of the Militia he dwelt strongly on the point that in all former wars the Govermnment had been compelled to employ the ballot to raise it; in the present war a larger Militia force had been raised and the fleet was more numerously manned, yet neither the ballot nor impressment had beenresorted to; and this 3ilitia had given to the regular army 33,000 men. He hoped they would not be induced by the false economy of former times hastily to undo the work that had been accomplished, and break up the admirable naval and military force they had organized by the experience and exertions of the war. The Earl of DERBY seconded the motion. Whatever difference of opinion there might have been as to the terms of the peace, there could be none as to the courage and devotion of the land and sea forces, nor any difficulty in acknowledging their services, which he warmly eulogized. The Duke of CWMBRIDGE, having been present during part of the glorious operations of the war, bore witness to the courage of the troops, and the cheerfulness with which they bore their hardships; it reflected credit on every man in the army. What it endured in the winter of 1854 tasked the energies of every nian and all ranks. He could also testify to the great services rendered by the navy; without the aid of the fleet the army never could have obtained the success it achieved; from the Addmiral to the seaman, all were zealous in giving their assistance; and he was happy to have an opportunity of expressing the obligation he felt to the whole service. The Earl of CARDIGAm thouglht that in war everything depended on the talents and capacity evinced by the Generals. For a considerable period before WELLLrGTOw rose the English army was not distinuished by its successes. He spoke in high terms :f the character of Lord RAGiA-N. He believed the orestige of the British forces had suffered by his leath, and the manner in which the command had been changed since did not lessen the satisfaction with which he regarded the conclusion of peace. Earl GBn&vrE thanked the Earl of DERBY for the speech with which he had seconded the motion. It would prove to the army and navy of England that their achievements would not be made the subject of party conflicts. Earl GRzE condemned the allusion Lord PA~s,run had made to a "false economy ;" it was not charg,ed upon any particular Government; but he denied that the economy exercised in past years was false; he believed it had essentially contributed to the success of the war; had a heavy pressure been constantly maintained during 40 years on the resources of the nation, it would not have been able so suddenly to call into existence the force it had done by land and sea. That energy had discouraged Russia from continuing hostilities. Russia had acted on the principle of always keeping up a vast military force, and found it could not compete with a nation that adopted the contrary policy. The motion was then agreed to nem. con. In answer to a question, Lord PAi-mm-BE explained that, in disbanding the Militia, the Government intended to add a quartermaster to the permanent Staff, to relieve the adjutants of the duty of attending to the stores; to give three months' pay to the subaltern officers, and a year's pay to the surgeons and assistant-surgeons. The men would receive the balance of the 1l. due for the present year. The Marquis of Crsz.-nicARDE asked whether the Government had sanctioned the grant of a pension of 5,0001. a-year to Lord DAlnousiE charged on the revenues of India, and moved for the correspondence on the subject. From the discussion which followed, in which Earl GRAhN-vx, the Earl of ABEMARILE, the Earl of HARitROWY, and Lord PFANmu.E took part, it appeared that the subject had not come under the consideration of the Board of Control, and that no correspondence relative to it existed. The motion was withdrawn. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, Lord PATmRsToNo brought up a message from the QUEEN, expressing HER TNIATEsT's desire to grant to Major-General Sir W. W Amrs a pension of 1,0001. a-year during his life. He likewise announced HuER MlA&sTr's intention to confer upon Sir WuaLAa the dignity of a baronet, with the title of " Sir Wu.rAVI WLzAu3rs of KAeRS." Lord PALxIERSTON, then, pursuant to notice, moved the thanks of the House for the great and eminent services of the portion of the army and navy engaged in the operations of the war, and to the embodied lilitia serving at home and abroad. Rapidly reviewing the military events of the campaigns of 1854 and 1855, he pronounced a warm eulogy upon the martial energies of our troops at the Alma, B3alaklava, and Inkermann, and the daring courage they exhibited at the assaults upon the Redan-events, he said, which brought out the sterling qualities of British soldiers. In addition to these they displayed virtues still more worthy of admiration-the power of stubborn endurance, the silent suffering of privations, which were borne with the same steadiness and resolution as the shock of Inkermann. Nor were courage and endurance the only qualities possessed by our Crimean army ; generosity was equally conspicuous; many a soldier who ought to have gone into the hospital refused to quit the field. Although the losses of that gallant army were deeply to be deplored, they were not greater, he observed, than mi,ght have been expected. The whole amount of casualties of all kinds in the course of the war was not more than 22,400 men withdrawn from the army by death, the number killed in action being comparatively small. On the other hand, thelosses ot our opponents were enormous. He had good authority for saying that they amounted in the aggregate to not less than 500,000. Our navy had not had the same opportunity as the army of acquiring distinction; neither in the Black Sea nor in the Baltic was our fleet allowed a chance of encountering face to face a Russian fleet. But in the Crimea our sailors contributed to our successes on shore, where the naval brigade acted with and emulated the red-coats. In the Baltic, too,-a sea full of difficulties and dangers,-the exploits of our navy at Bomaramid and Sveaborg had led to important results; so that our gallant sailors were no less entitled than our brave soldiers to the thanks and acknowledgments of their countrymen. After noticing the great efforts made by the civil departments connected with the army and the navy, he adverted to the services of the MIilitia, which had manifested, he said, as much devotion and public spirit as any other branch of the military service of the country. Mlany more regiments had volunteered for foreign service than were required, and the Militia had contributed upwards of 30,000 men to the ranks of the regular army. It was a source of gratification, he remarked, that whereas the Militia was formerly raised by ballot, that force, as well as the army and the navy, was now recruited by the public spirit of the people. The motion was seconded by Dr. DISnAEBL, and, after some observations by Mr. STrAXPOnD, was carried nem. diss. The House then went into committee upon the Reformatory Schools (Scotlautd) Bill, but was soon after counted out, at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock-.
Last night Parliament paid, with all due solemnity and with the most entire and unanimous cordiality, its thanks to the Army and Navy by whose exertions we have been carried through the war thuat has just terminated. We rejoice that no discontent at mismanagement in high quarters was allowed to interfere for a moment with the performance of this duty -with the discharge of this debt of national gratitude. It would indeed have been most unjust had it been otherwise, for it was the very weakness of our leaders that brought out in bolder and stronger relief the high and noble qualities of our soldiers and seamen. A cautious General would not, probably, have stormed the heights of Alma in the face of a powerful artillery, with the range accurately taken, and this by troops utterly unused to warfare. An efficient leader would not have directed the useless charge of Balakdava; a vigilant General would not have been surprised in his cantonments at Ilikermann; a provident and far-sighted commander would have found means to supply his army with food, with clothing, with covering, and with fuel during the dreary winter that succeeded these bloody encounters. Yet had any of these errors been omitted our soldiers would have lost the opportunity of showingthat-matchless discipline,that unconquerable hardihood, that steadiness and presence of mind, which distinguished the old and well-trained troops who fought in the autumn of 1854. The fault of Lord PArLMEuSTON'S speech, perhaps the inevitable fault of all such speeches, is that the praise was too general and undiscriminating, and that where everybody had so much said for himn the discrimination of the relative degrees of merit was lost. We live in a critical age, in which even signpost heroes are rare, and learn too much of the characters and conduct of individuals to elevate many men to that pedestal of heroism on which so many warriors in so many former wars have been placed. But of the praise of the rank and file, of the men whose hands do the rough work, and whose hearts bear the stern brunt of battle, we can hardly have too much, and every feeling of the nation will cordially respond to the well-won panegyric of these nameless heroes. We only wish that for the private soldier of the army something could be accomplished of a nature more substantial than oratorical praise. If England is really gratefLl to her soldiers let her show it in a tangible form. There are in this country and in our colonies barracks, in which the soldier is compelled to dwell, the crowded rooms and unhealthy situation of which render them peculiarly pernicious to human life. From some fever is scarcely ever absent, and others, even in this country, are the abiding seats of ophthalmia, the scourge of our army, and the disgrace of our sanitary system. The soldier, also, may fairly claim at the hands of the State a better education and a more complete training than have hitherto fallen to his lot, and a reward proportioned to the degree of his proficiency. Lf we are really grateful to our army at large, we shall show our gratitudeby somethingmoretangible thanwords, and give them in the shape of improved health, improved comfort, and improved prospects, all the compensation in our power for the miseries they have borne and the dangers they have confronted.
The Tithe Commutation IRcnt-harge, which by an appeal ad misericardiarn has reached a second reading in the Commons, is one of those pieces of i bastard legislation that lie at the bottom of all I our Parliamentary difficulties. It is an attempt to balance one evil with another, the remedial evil being far the worse of the two, and quite certain to be balanced very speedily with another worse still. As the law now stands houses, lands, and other " hereditaments!' are rated for the relief of the poor, and other such purposes, at their net annual value. The rule is very simple, and as to its application, it is always possible, and indeed easy, to ascertain the net annual value of house and land. There are, however, two circumstances that practically affect the application of the rule to the rent-charge in lien of tithe, as fixed by the Tithe Commutation Act. In the first place, that rent-charge isz fixed and known to a farthing; whereas the net annual value of house and land is neither fixed nor known, but is liable to vary from year to year, and even when estimated is not a matter of noto-| riety. This is the first evil, and, to use an expression quoted during the debate, it is simply that ths titheowner shows his cards and the other proprietors do not. Of course, if the proprietors do not possess rigorous notions of justice, they will bh tempted to agree to a low valuation, in order to increase the comparative value, and to aggra- vate the consequent rate of the titheowner. Th3 ! second evil is, that there are other inducement3 to a low valuation, if the proprietors of a parish ori district can manage it. They thereby contribute the less to the county-rate. There is thus a double provocation to a low assessment, and ths actual result, it is alleged, is, that while the tithe- owner is rated to the uttermost farthing, other I proprietorsiare rated on low valuations, and there is no help for it. The House of Commons hardly touched on the question of fact; but if we assume the fact,-if house and land are generally rated only at certain proportionate, not actual values, of course there is a wrzong, for which there' ought to be a remedy. We submit, however, that the proper remedy is by no means that which Mr. | R. PHLLDionu has proposed. What Mr. R. P.HnILToRE proposes is, that inasmuch as the otlher proprietors cheat the tithe- I owner and one another by false valuations, therefore the titheowner shall be enabled bv Parliament to cheat them in return by a valuation equally false. They are using false weights, so he is to be furnished with a false measure. As the matter now stands, Parliament has a bit of firm footingI in the rent-charge, which, in the very language ofI the complainant, is fixed and notorious. That settlement was arrived at with great difficulty and cost, and it is now proposed that Parliament sha31 set it at nought iuad throw it away, simply because by its fixeedness and notoriety it does not work well with some other things that are variable, and apt to be kept back by interested persons. This is as if a man, finding his bones coming through his skin, instead of tlying to get his skin into better condition, should request the surgeon to extract his bones, or reduce them to jelly, or cut off an inch or tvo all round. The only result of Parliament enacting that the rentcharge should be rated at 90 per cent. or SQ per cent. of the annual figure, or that certain deductions should be made over and above those made in other cases, would be that all the other proprietors would immediately lower their valuations in the same ratio-nay, in a still greaterratio. It is assumed by the argument for the bill that proprietors of house and land are generally unconscientious, and, if they are, the measure proposed is the very way to give latitude to their consciences. They have plenty of occasion as it is. For example, we should like to know what owner - of a house rated at lOOl. in this metropolis really gets that sum, year by year, clear of all expenses, for twenty years V Again, we have repeatedly heard landowners maintain that all rents are a fiction, and that unless they had something besides rent they could never live on their land. That is, they find the rent swallowed up in repairs, rebuildings, subscriptions, and outgoings of all kinds. Indeed, it is rather a remarkable thing that the principal burdens pleaded by ALr. R. Pmurison in abatement of the rateable value are by no mleans confined to the titheowner. The titheowner, if he is a clergyman, has often to pay a curate. So also has the landowner, in many instances; and there is no more compulsion in one case than in the other. Again, it is urged that if the parsonage has been built or enlarged with the aid of a grant from Queen Am-N'S Bounty, aud if consequently there is a cert.un annual charge upon the living till thegrant is repaid, that charge ought to be deducted for the rating value. But this is only the ordinary, we might say almost universal case of a mortgage. There is scarcely a house in London or elsewhere that has not been built partly with borrowed money, or that has not a reserved rent due to some capitalst. The owner of house property would only have to lay his debts on his house, and he would escape all rates whatever. There would be an end of rating, of local taxation, local governmient, and local institutions of aU kinds, if any money charge might be deducted in the computation of the net value. At all events, the squire and the farmer would soon be a match for the impropriator or the parson, if they went to this game. Parliament, however, will be rather too wise than to give them the opportunity. The appeal ad mise'ckordiam, is wholly misplaced. Two-fifths of tne rent-charge in lieu of tithes belong to lay impropriators, colleges, and schools. Of the remaining three-fifths, belonging to the clergy, a very large portion is in the hands of men who have bought their livings in the open market, or have been presented by wealthy friends or by the CRowN, or other patrons not accessible to most of the clergy. A measure to secure better pay to curates, or to reward service, or to re-distribute the revenues of the Church so as to meet its wants, or to put a hardworkidng clergyman at all in a better position than an idle one, would appeal to our pity and our religion; but, let alone impropriators and corporate bodies, even the clergy individually affectedby 31r. R. PnnLDioRE's bill are a favoured class. The patronage of the Church of England is characterized by anomalies, monopoly, favouritism, and every known variety of injustice; and it is the persons who have profited by this unrivalled mass of abuses, and who monopolize its revenues, that have come forward to ask for relief from the burdens. The only apology for the system is that tithes are property. That is the key-note of the Clhurch of England in its continual arguments with tithepaying Dissenters. What we are concerned with is a particular description of property, frequently advertised in our columns, and of which a capitalist may buy almost any quantity to-morrow. Let Parliament assess it at a lower rate for local taxes, and immediately there will be a thousand pens at work to calculate the increase in its market value. Those landowners who are now paying rent-charge to an impropriator will immediately find their own rates raised through his comparative exemption; and, if they should happen to be at the same time supplying the clergyman with that which he does not supply, they will think the benevolence and religion of Parliament rather misapplied. The direct and only logical remedy for the evil is a uniform valuation. There must be a valuation for the national taxes, and no reason can be assigned why the same valuation should not do for local rates. It is a matter in which any inequality must be injustice. If two houses actually worth 1001. a-year in different counties are valued, the one at 1001., and the other at 601., of course the latter escapes 40 per cent. of the property-tax, the inhabited house-tax, or other tax to which it may be liable. Nothing could be easier than to establish a valuation which should be as uniform as the changing value of house and land will allow. Indeed, we never heard of any difficulty in assigining the proportionate value of different houses in a town or estates in a coiuntry district. The variety, or rather the caprice of local valuations, is in the local scale; but, the scale once assumed, any ordinary valuer can fix the value of each house or other property. All that is to be done, then, is that the scale shall be uniform, and that it shall be the actual value. No 'doubt, the proprietors of the tithe rent-charge have a right to demand a uniform valuation, even though they reside in Italy, though they leave their chancels tumbling down, and their perpetual curates starving; even though they have bought their rectories in the market, or are presented by the Bishop; whatever they are, wherever they are, and whatever they are doing or have done-be they Jews, Turks, or heretics-they have a right to be rated on the same scale-viz., the actual net value, as any landowner or houseowner. But that is the only claim Parliament can listen to. The rest is only the blarney of the begging-letter writer.
We have great pleasture in announcing that HER MIAJESTY, wishing to mark the conclusion of peace by an act of mercy, has given orders that a free and full pardon shall be granted to all persons under sentence for poHtical offences. Consequently, FROST and his associates, convicted of treason in 1839, and subsequently transported to Australia, will be set at liberty; and Mr. SaIrTH O'BRIns also vill be permitted to return to his native country. An exception is made in the case of those of the Irish convicts who so unworthily broke their parole and fled to America. We feel that no words are necessary to recommend this decision to the approbation of the country. Whatever may have been the guilt of these political offenders, yet, if we regard punishment as a means of deterring others, and not as mere retribution on the individual, we may say that they may be safely and wisely pardoned. Happily, since the riots of Newport and the insurrection in Ireland a great change has come over these islands. In both, ills for which the wisest could see no remedy have been removed by the action of events which Pov=ENcE in due time brought to pass. The fearful evil of pauperism, of men seeldng for vork and finding none, has almftost become a thing of the past. Those gloomy piles which meet the eye everywhere throughout the land, the abodes of misery and destitution, and the cradles of every vindictive feeling against society and law, are now only half tenanted, and material comfort has banished political discontent. The liberation of trade, the progress of science, the settlement of new regions, prolific of nmineral wealth as well as remarkable for the fertility of their soil, have eased Eingland of its crushing burden. In Ireland the social revolution, so often described, has made a gulf between the past and the present. There is no country in the .world where the political agitator would find so few and such incredulous liEsteners as- in the sister kingdom. There is no man or class of men whom it is any longer requisite to deter by the exaample of political leaders in exile ; and, therefore, the persons who have now borne, some 1G, some eight years *of banishment, may be mercifully allowed to return to their homes. It is, however, not the less a generous and graceful act on the part of HER AIATErSY, and the momeait chosen accord3 well with the deed, We have concluded a truly national war by a peace of -which the benefits cannot be doubted, and among the greatest of them will be reckoned that alliance of Western Europe which is in process of consolidation, and the probable liberalizing of continental systems of government. At such a time it is as well to 3nmake an end of all that remains of our own internal troubles. It may be said now that not the smallest and obscurest section of society is to be found at feud with the laws under which it lives. Envy cannot point to any spot and say that there is danger for the British constitution and rule. It may not be without some influence on the world that in this vast empire, so seattered, complex, and differently governed, there is now no human being suffering punishment for a poEtical offience.
The appointment of Lord WODEHOUSE to the post of Minister Plenipotentiary at St. Petersburg gives indications of a persistence in that new and better policy which the necessity of the times and the complaints of the public have originated. It will cause surprise and perhaps displeasure in some quarters that a young man only 30 years of age, and unconnected with the diplomatic service, should be chosen to represent this country after the close of an obstinate war at the Court of the powerful Sovereign aggainst whom Europe has been lately banded. But the nation, after its late lessons, is not disposed to believe that either comparative youth or an absence of professional graduation through inferior ranks are objections to such a choice as HRE MArxEST's Ministers have now made. We have lately seen the two most important dependencies of the British CRow?r in Asia and North America governed with extraordinary success by men who, at the time of their appointment, were but a few years senior to the nobleman who now receives the charge of British interests at St. Petersburg. It is, perhaps, a niisfortune that in every branch of the service the highest rank is not reached until declining years have begun to relax the activity of the aspirant, or long-formed habits have made him less capable of fitting his conduct to new and unexpected phases of affairs. The diplomatic career is no exception to this rule. It may also be observed of the system which transfers a representative from a northern to a southern capital, from the Old World to the ANew, that, however time-honoured, it is hardly to be adhered to as regards important embassies. The knowledge which such a wandering diplomatist acquires of men, manners, languages, and the formulas of official intercourse, is, indeed, not without its value, but it may be suspected that a constant residence abroad, and a corresponding want of acquaintance with the warm and vigorous political life of his own country, rather unfit him for the part of an earnest and judicious representative when great matters are in debate. For such a post as the mission to St. Petersburg an apprenticeship at the centre of affairs and a knowledge through Parliamentary experience of the national feelings and opinions are more valuable than any noviciate abroad. Lord WoDnunousE has been for the last three years and a half Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. During that time the Foreign-office has been almost exclusively concerned with Russia. Shortly after his accession to office the affair of Montenegro, the dispute about the Holy Places, the 3Iss1SC=OFF mission, and the Vienna settlement, engaged the attention of Government, and on all these subjects the new M1inister was able to learn the opinions of our own and other statesmen. The war, with its alliances, its negotiations, and its fnal treaty, has also afforded excellent instraction in all that relates to the ffaais of Russia and Eastern Europe. In short, Lord lVorEHousE is thoroughly acquainted with all that affects these great questions. If we add to this that personally he is well qualified for a diplomatic post by character and manners, we think that the country will fully applaud the choice which Government has made, and that the new 3Minister to St. Petersburg will proceed to his post with the good wishes and the full confidence of his countrymen.
The public will learn with satisfaction that Run %1&rxsry has been graciously pleased to confer on Major-General Sir WriAm: W=AILIS the dignity of a baronetcy, with the distinctive and honourable addition "of Kars," and to intimate her desire that Parliament should accompany this mark of Royal favour with the substantial endowment of a pension of 1,0001. a-year. Nlever were such honours more worthily bestowed. Of all the gallant men whom England has sent forth to fight her battles in the late war no one, perhaps, has shown sucheapacityfor command, such forethought in council, such constancy in the midst of difficulties, as General Wn.-,rs. The defence of Kars-more glorious in its heroic achievements, though less fortunate in its result, than that of Silistria-will stand out on the page of history as the most memorable episode in the annals of the late war, and will convince the most sceptical inquirer that the race of British Generals is not extinct. General WIiaA-is has already received, in the courtesy of a brave foe, a noble tribute to his gallantry and his merits; and he will be welcomed on his return to England with those demonstrations of gratitude and admiration which his services have so richly merited.
THE Cu r1Elis oF NATioXs.-The official returns of emigration from Great Britain to other countries present the question of decrease of emigration in a somewhat striking light. It appears from these, that in 1854, there left for the United States, 193,065 emigrants; and in 1855, 103,414; for British North America, in 1854, 43,761; in 1855, 17,966; for Australia, in 1854, 83,237; in 1855, 52,309. Total in 1854, 323,429; in 1855, 176,807. According to the same authority the returns from the provinces showr a similar falling off. New Branswick has 1,405 arrivals in 1855 against 3,618 in 1854; Quebec, 21,274 this last year against 53,183 of the year preceding. In the schedule of the nativity of emigrants arriving at Quebec, it appears that 20,267 Irish arrived there in 1854, and last year only 5,691; 11,034 Germans in 1854, and in 1855 only 3,815; 7,353 English in 1854, and 4,310 in 1855; 7,186 Scotch the one year, and 5,348 this last year; and 5,811 l\'orwegians in 1854 against 1,28S in 1855. These figures present important facts. The emigration fromGreat Britain to our country has fallen off to 53 per cent. of what it was in 1854; the Australian is only 64 of per cent. of its former amount, and the emigration to the provinces is but 24 per cent. of what it was in 1854. Taking the last quoted returns, we find that the whole emigration to the provinces is but 39 -Der cent. of its former number; *hile the whole emigration to the United States is 43 per cent. of what it was the year before last; that is, with all the cry of Xnow-nothingism, the British provinces, where the immigrant is treated with more than the former hospitality, and no " American Party" exists, suffer 14 per cent. more loss in immigration than our own conntry. Australia, too, the El Dorado for the emigrant, where no restrictions or persecutions can annoy him, has lost 36 per cent. of her immigration from England, and the provinces 76 per cent. Of the Irish, nearly four times as many came to Canada in 1854 as in 1S55; of Germans, nearly three times; of Norwegians, almost five times; of English, about one and three-quzrters as -many. These facts show other causes to be worlding on the decrease of emigration tban any political or party movements within our own borders. These movements have undoubtedly had their effect in foreign countries to lessen emigration; but they could not affect the British provinces, except as they are used as a place of transit by the immigrants; they could not thus diminish the number of those who leave England for her own colonies; Australia and Canada would not bear the odium of American Know-nothingfism. The truth is, there are much grander causes diminishing emigration from the old countries to this, and some at which the world must rejoice. The labourer is not as he once was in Great Britain. That happy time, long foretold by her economists, is approaching, when "two masters shall seek for one man, instead of two workingmen for one master." Emigration and wvar have lessened the overcrowded worldng population. The effects are felt in the price of labour. This, of course, lessens the tendency of people to emigrate. Intelligent labour is well }aid even in Great Britain, and has no inducement to change place. Bike causes work apon England. Wages have risen; and war, with the gold mines of Australia, have drawn off the srplus pO York- Tiree.¢,
COUBT CIRCULAR.* The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred ionourea lr Gordon Cnmming's exhibition -with a VieIt. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of rent visited the Duchess of Glocester yesterday. A deputation of Free Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames had also an interview with the Right Hon. Baronet. The deputation consisted of Messrs. Barker, Moakes, Croxford, Walker, Mlanwlc, and Spicer, and Mr, Charles WeUlborne, their solicitor, and was accompanied by the folloving members of Parliament-Mr. Montaga Cham. bers, Sir Charles Napier, Sir James Duke, Air. William Masters Smith, Mr. 1eter Rolt, and Mr. Apsley PeUatt. A deputation of the Bermondsey Vestry Committee, in. troduced by Sir Charles Napier, X.P., and Mr. A. Pellatt, 1LP., had an interview vwith the Right Hon. Sir B. Hall yesterday at the Office of Works, lVhitehall-place. The deputation consisted of Messrs. C. Legg (chairman), Ramsey, Darnell, Ernes, Collins, Redgrave, Wilcher and Smith, Messrs. G. H. Drew and J. J. Riches (clerks), and G. El. kington (surveyor). A deputation from the directors of the poor of the parish of St. Pancras had an interview on Wednesday with the Rlght Hon W. Cowper, MLP., at the offices of the General Board of Health, 'Whitehall. T'he deputation consisted of Mr. Churchwarden Streeton, Messrs. Orr and Stubbs, the Rev. R. Littler, Major-General Pemberton, and Mr. Thurston, directors of the poor, attended by Mr. Charles Eibbard, their clerk. A deputation of metronolitan managers, consisting of Messrs. B. Webster, B. Bnckstone, Nelson Lee, W. CooGke, S. Lane, E. T. Smith, Conquest, A. Wigan, T. T. Tower, T. Payne, Cresnick, and C. T. James had an interview with Sir G. Grey.
CRYsTAL PALACE.-We are requested to state that military or naval officers who have served in the Crimea, and who have not already applied for or received tickets for the inauguration of Baron M1arochetti's Scutari M1onument and Peace Trophy in the Crystal Palace in presence of Her Majesty and Prince Albert this day, will be admiitted to the central area, adjoining the days, on presenting their cards at the secretaTy's office, close to the centre transept, between 11 and 2 o'clock. Officers availing themselves of this privilege vwill be required to appear in uniform. PURCfASE iz TIHE Arnay.-The following gentlemen will, we have reason to believe, form the Royal Commission which has been appointed to consider the working of the purchase system in the army:-The Duke of Somerset, the Right Hon. Edward Ellice, lMr. Sidney Herber., Lord Stanley, Mr. George Caxr Glyn, Sir De Lacy Evans, Lieutenant-General Wynyard, Sir Henry Bentimck, Sir Harry Jones, and Colonel Wetherall. The constitution of the commission will, we apprehend, lead tho public to place every confidence in its decision respecting this much vexed and little understood question.-Gto?,c. M;1. KossuTH ir BnnBIB -GI.- On WVecnesday evening M. Kossuth delivered the first of two lectures on the Austrian Concordat in the Town-hall of Birmingham. Considering the prices of admission, the attendance was numerous; about 2,000 persons were present. .L Kossuth commenced by referring to the triumphant manner in which he was received in Birmingham four years ago. Sinco then he had grown old; since that meeting the gloom of disappointment had settled on his brow. However, he still entertained hopes for his dear country, and would not degrade the dignity of man's nature by being less persevering in his mission than the spider was in the cell of Robert Bruce. The speaker then proceeded to the immediate subject of his lecture-the Concordat betweea the Pope and the Emperor of Austria, and more particularly the effect it would produce upon Hungary. The Concordat claimed supremacy over the State for the clergy and by the clergy for the Pope. Such, andnothling else, was the Concordat. The most bigoted and despotic House of Austria stood identified in history with Catholic princes. After commenting at great length upon the tyranny and treachery of the Pope and of the Emperor Joseph of Austria, 3L Kossuth said, notvithstand ing all this, the spirit of liberty still infused the eternal aspiration of freedom into the heart of the land. It was a fact, said ML Kossuth in conclusion, and not mere speculation, that at the Congress of Verona, in 1S22, a secret treaty as stipulated between Austria, France, Prussia, andRussia. England was governedby Canning then, and, to her glory be it remembered, withdrew from the compact. The third article of that treaty was as follows:-" Convinced that the principles of religioncontribute most powerfully to maintain nations in a state of passive obedience which they owa to their Princes, the high contracting Powers declare that it is their intention to sustain in their respective doniinions such measures as the clergy may adopt for strengthening thleirinterest, intimately connected with those of the Prince. The high contracting parties offer their commonI thanks to the Pope for all that he has already done for them, and solicit his continued co-opera. tion with them for the subjugation of nations." Such was the third article of the secret treaty of Verona, concluded in 1822. The present Concordat -was but a comple. ment to it (hear); but very likely it was only one of the complements to it. Let Englishmen look round as patriots over the political situation of the moment-let them consider what was the basis and whatthe manner in which the pacification with Russia had been brought about, and they must come to the conclusion that the trickery of the situation was the reunion of the despotic principle into a newv Holy Alliance for an exterminatory campaign against the principle of liberty. Had the English Goverrment a place in thnis? No, certainly not. Godl grantt;hat'they might not be the dupes ! (Hiear, hear.) But he certinly felt that they went too far, and they scarcely could help it. It w.ashonourable and creditable tWo Engtland that thiey were strangers to the mysteries of that Holy Alliance- but those mysteries might yet prove a source of danger and trial t England. He had told them what the third article ot the treaty of Verona was-it was fit that he should tell them what the second article was. The first com- pelled matual support for the annihilation of repre. sentative government, which the high contracting parties declared to be incompatible with that passive obedience which they had a right from God to expect from their people; the second compelled mutual support for the suppression of the liberty of the press, not only in the domnions of the high contracting parties, but throughout the rest of Europe likewise. Now what did this -mean in other words? It meant a continental combination of despotic Europe against England-against the reat England of representative government and the free T,ress (Renewed applause.) That was the next triunpjh. Therefore the ;ln between the Concordat and the political situa. tion at the present moment, in his opinion, was evident. Let England pray that the Concordat should not triumph over Hungary; because, if it did, the first and second articles of the treaty of Verona would yet bring sore trials on England. In conclusion, .l Kossuth exhorted the' clergy m the exercise of their functions to come into closerj union with the practical rights of the people. Hc said, that in these days we wanted anotherIuther; we wanted a re former to make the clergy become the teachers of - manklcinl -teachers who best do glorify our Father in Heaven b- l contributimg to the happiness of His childreln on ezt i (Loud cheers.) The proceedings of the evening were termrc nated by a vote of thanks to Dr. T. C. 1, vt1ea aiairt4.la .
mTHE BRITISH ARMY. (nox orl3 SPEOELA CORMO3 D1 T.) CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, SATUIDAY, APRIL 26, 10 A.3L The eventaswrikh have occurred since the dewatch of the last mail, I have recorded below, in the form of a journal. Sir W. Eyre and staff will lesve this afternoon on their way homewards, and a brigade is to be made out of the regiments of the Third Division. 31r. Knox, whose accident is mentioned below, is going on favourably. WEDNJELSDAy. The French Admiral, in a smal steamer, visited Sebastopol to-day, and went up to the very end of the harbour at Ink-ermann. The Gladiator is still in the harbour, and the Industry, Mr. Bower, R.N., which has been lying. alongside the dock-yard quay, loading copper, shot, and shell, and old stores captured in the place, is to sail homewards to-mnorrow. The communication between the north side and the south is now very frequent and constant. Perry-boats are numerous, many of them owned and worked by those indefatigable Maltese, and the usual charge is 6d. across. I have Ieen over the north forts, and have carefully examined, as far as a civilian can, the defences or the place, and it must be confessed that they are of a most formidable character. Fort Constantine bears very few marks of the bombardment and cannonade of the 17th of October, 1854. The crown of the arch of one embrasure has been injured, and is supported by wood, and tae stone-worlk is pitted here and there with s-iot; but the pits have been neatly filled in and plastered over. The earth forts are scarcely touched. 'ort Catherine, or Nachimoff (formerly Suwaroff), iL uninjured, but St. Mlichael's, which is badly built, has suffered from the French mortar fire since we got into the town. The citadel is covered on all 1des by prodigious earthworks, and the hillsides are furrowed up by lines of batteries bearing on every landing-place and every approach. The aspect of thec harbour is very desolate; the wrecks of the ships and the stumps of masts peering above the waters, give it an aspect oe solitude which the boats flitting about cannot destroy. Here is the grave of the Russian Black Niea fleet. In one line from Fort Constantine to the Quarantine and Alexander Forts were sunk beFore the 17th of October three 847s, then one 120, then two 84's, and thMl one 54. Inside this line -was a strong boom, whioh would have brought up any vessels that had succeeded in bursting through lte sunken ships. This outer line and the boom itself were so much damaged, however, by the gale of the 14th of November as to be of little use. The aecond boom, consisting of chain cables floated by timber, extended from Fort Nicholas on the south to the west of St. Michael's Fort on the north. Inside this boom were sunk, commencing from the north aide, a 6-gun ship, an 84, an 120, an 84, and a 60-gnun fiate. Then come the bridge of boats from Fort Wicholas to St. Michael's. Inside that, in two lines, lie the rest of the Russian fleet. The first is formed of three 84's, an 120, and an 110-gun line-of-battle ship; the second consists of a 7-gun steamer, a 6-gun ditto, a 1-gun ditto, and an 84, close to the ruins of Fort Paul. Nearer to Inkermann, in the creeks and bays on the north side, are several sunken steamers and five brigs of war and corvettes, and a schooner vacht sunk or aground. The boats of the men-of-war are safe in one of the creeks which our guns could not reach. The Russians do not willingly permit any approach to the vessels on the north side, and shouted at iis ltistily as we were engaged in examining the timbers. Although the teredo has not yet attack-ed the wood, it is covered with barnacles and slime, id, from what we hear of the ships, it is not likely they will ever bee raised as men-of-war again. The famous Twelve Apostles, the Three Godheads, the Tchesme, the Wratislaw, and the Empress MLIaria are said to have been unseaworthy before they were sunk, and the only ship for which the 31ussians express any sorToVw is the Grand Duke Constantine, 120, the finest ship intheirnavy. She seems quite content with her berth on the bottom, -and it will be some time before a timber of her floats again. The Russians are very frank, apparently, in talking over all that relates to the siege. They profess to be rather puzzled tounderstand why we are taking such trouble to remove all their shot and shell, seeing that they do not quite suit our caiibres. At all events, they cannot want them for their own uise. To-day some sailors belonging to the steamer Glasgow came on shore for an excursion into Sebastopol. In one of the ravines they came upon a 13 inch shell, " all alive 0," and of course began to play with the delicate monster. They rolled him about, and perceiving that the powder tumbled out of the fuse hole, they collected a quan- tityof it, and proceeded to make a " devil" in the iml- mediate vicinity of the shell. They did not seem to appreciate the alacrity v-ith which powder seizes on favourable opportunities for exploding, nor did they much care that close to the neighbourhood of their "devil" there -was a train of that lively a-ticle leading right away to the fuse of the half- charged shell. And so they Eghted their " devil,' which fizzed away most diabolically for a second or two, when a train of fire ran to the shell, which burst with its usual strength and ferocity, sending its huge splinters all around. One of these tore off one of the poor fellows' right leg, woumded him in the other, and cut his temple open. Another of the men was contused and cut by splinters of the shell, and was wounded in the face. The first -vas taken on board the Gladiator, and the surgeon amputated his leg; his comrade is in no danger. - I trust that steps will be taken to drown all shells before they are placed on board ships for conveyance from the Crimea. I regret to have to recordlano- ther but not so serious an accident to-day. At one of our endless races MIr. Knox, a young lieutenant in the Scots Fusileer Guards, son of LieutenantColonel Brownlow Knox, MI.P., was ridden against -with such violence as he was riding on one of the ponies that not only did his own horse fall, but the rider and horse which came against him. He was stunned for the time, but he soon recovered consciousness, and I am glad to say that the poor boy is exhibiting marks of improvement, and there is every reason to hope for his speedy recovery. Farecvell dinners are the order of the day. General Codrington entertained General Della 3Iar- oora and a large party to dinner to-day. Our Engineers and the Russian Engineers have dined together. The Egiigsh 47t h has entertained the French 47th, and so on. In all pr6bability they will never meet agaii. THTUISDAY.-The whole of the British infantry -was turned out to-day, at 4 o'clock, on the plains of Baalakava, and for the last time, perhaps, this splendid army was collected together in one body. It is as impossible to describe suchi a sight as it is beyond the power. of the pen to convey to t the reader an impression of the effect produced by complicated manceuvres, or even by the march and simple simultaneous movements of masses of rmmed men. Six divisions of British infantry were on the field, and it is, perhaps, just as well that 31Ir. John Bull could not see them, lest his bellicose spirit should be excited beyond his control, and renrder him dissatisfied-if anythiing could do so,-swith this piping peace. He might well be proud of the appearance of his army, equipped in the most perfec t and admirabIle maiier, every man armed with a beautiful rifle, and clothed in new and becoming uniform. General -~XPA4r'ngton and his Staff were on the plain before the whole of the men ha d arlived, and he was a ac I i I I L I I I I I I I I t I I companied during his inapection of the troopsby Mlajor-General Vasileffsky, commanding the Russian Division on Mackenzie's Heights. The day was most favourable; the sun was warm, but not hot; and the atmosphere was clear, notwithstanding the prevalence of a mirage on the plateau above. General lNrMahon, General Camou, and other French officers, and General Della larmora' and his Staff were also present; but the number of spectators, civil and militaiy, was not very great. In fact, the attendance of officers in undress and on their favourite ponies is not encouraged, and, they have been particularly requested to refrain in such circumstances from joining on to the Headquarters' Staff, and riding down the lines Fith them. The movements of the troops were simple, for it wouild have been very difficult to handle- such a large body of men in a confined space, broken up by camps, ruins, and roads. Even as it was, there was a little trouble in getting them into line, and a section or two of a company of a regiment might now and then be observed in the first line of infantry in rear of their comrades, as they had not been able to get into their places. The first line, when it was formed, stretched from the base of the hills at Kamara right across the plain to the Woronzoff-road, a distance of three miles. The second line, which was formed about 200 yards behind the first, was equally extended, and, in addition, two large bodies of infantry remained on the right and rear of the second line in reserve. It must have required considerable juidgment to enable the Quartermaster-Generals to take up their ground so accurately, and to get the men together out of the hollows behind the French camp at Feduikhine, through which, of course, they could not marchl. The movements of the divisions when they were in motion towards the same point, in different lines of march, were very interesting. Bright red squares, with a glory of bayonets playing above them, suddenly flattened out into long parallelograms, or seemed to filter into a narrow stream, wvhich undulated along the plain till it was lost to sight behind the hills. The Line were in light marching order, forage-caps and water-bottles. The Guards wore their bearskins, but otherwise were in the same trim as their comrades. The absence of the knapsack allowed the white shoulder-belt and the facings on the collars to be seen; and I am afraid, what with white facings, and yellow, and blue, and gosling green, and sky-blue and buff, and purple and black, our appearance was almost too gay. Those regiments with yellow facings were particularly conspicuous. It is invidious to select divisions or regiments for praise, but on such occasions the Highlanders strike all eyes, and the garb of old Gael justifies its claim to be retained, notwithstanding its unfitness for campaigning in great heat or moderate cold. The Guards come next in point of effect. The old Light Division-alas! it is the young Light Division now-which has formed the crest of all our waves of battle, looked alZost as well as in the days of its early childhood, now more than two years since. The Alma, Inkermann, the Quarries, Rifle pits, 11 months' long service in the trenches, the 18th of June, the 8th of September-these are the memories of the Light Division. Lord W. Paulet has taken great care of his Division. His brigadiers, Van Straubenzee and Lysons, have ably seconded his efforts, and the men look as vell as in their best days, and the Division was never so healthy at any period as it is at present. Riding along the lines I could not but be struck with the changes which have been made by death and service in those regiments with which I was best acquainted. At one time I knew nearly every officer in the division. Now, with the exception of the older officers, the great majority of those I see are strangers-the old familiar faces have vanished. Scarcely less striking are the changes in the Second Division, the tried companions of the Light Division in its glories, its trials, and its toils. Like the Light, the old division of Sir De Lacy Evans has been ever in the foremost ranks. At Alma the rush of Pennefather's brigade on the right of the Light Division was irresistible. A portion of the Division shares with the Guards the honours of the tremendous confiict at Inkermann and the Quarries. The 7th of June, the 18th of June, and the 8th of September saw the Second and the Light Divisions mingling once more their blood together on the battlefield. Death has committed great ravages in those gallant ranks. The 62d, though coming late in the day, has emulatedthe efforts of its comrades, and hasproved itself well worthy of them. General Barnard has exhibited temper, judgment, and kidlliness in his command; his Division is in most creditable order, and officers and men would follow with alacrity a leader who has endeared himself to them by his consideration, courtesy, and interest in their welfare. If the exhaustion after the immortal fight of Inkermann and sickness and privations reduced the Guards to such a condition that the Brigade could scarcely be said to exist, and it was excused from the service of the trenches for a long period of the siege, they have the satisfaction of feeling that their career has been clouded by no reverse, and that the glory which was gained on the 20th of September and the 5th of November has not been dinuned by any failure or defeat. Since the Alma, when they suffered little loss, and were but little exposed to the enemy's fire and resistance, the Highlanders have had little share in the active operations of the war, and have had few :pportunities of distinguishing themselves; but the Erm aspect of the 93d on the 25th of October proved that " they were there" if they were called upon. The Highlanders have had the rare good luck to escape even the shot-collecting and carrying which is now going on, and they are ready, wvith strength well husbanded and vigour unexhausted, to prove that it was the -wan' of occasion and opportunity alone which lacked to the maintenance of their ancient reputation. The Third Division was not engaged at the Alma, and were only partially engaged at Inkermann ; but the 1st battalion of the Royals, under Colonel Bell, was on the field that day, and the right wing of the 50th, under Colonel Wilton, was marched up during the fight, and lost an officer in the battle. The Division was unfortunate enough to have to bear its full share of trench duty, without any opportunity of distinguishing itself till the attack of the 18th of June, when Eyre's brigade seized on the Cemetery. The Division is in fine order and in excellent health and training. The Fourth Division was in reserve at the Alma, much to the regret of Sir George Cathcart ; but at Ink-ermann it had its full share of the dangers of the day, and earned a brilliant reputation, which it has had as yet no opportunity of augmenting. The portion of the 46th Regiment then in the Crimea displayed a couragge and discipline beyond all praise in that desperate fight, and has since then on every occasion gained a high character for discipline and efficiency; and I am the more boumd to say so much, because on a former occasion I was led by'a report at head-quarters to attribute to some few of the men a temporary disinclination to go into the trenches after the storm of the 14th of November, 1854, which never existed, and the contradiction to 'which may not have been as widely disseminated as the original report. The 63d, shattered by the ordeal of fire on the 5th of November, was subjected by its commanding-officer to the ordeal of water during the winter, and perished miserably. It is now resuscitated, and is one of the finest regiments in the Crimea. " Norcott's Battalion" of the Rifle Brigade requirei no commemoration of its services ; the gutnis of the Redan,' with their still saUll voices reni- ilered aQlost mute, have uttered its praise often' enough, and it has found an echo in " the Ovens." General Garrett, who is one of the most active divisional officers of the army, has exerted himself incessantly to insure the efficiency and the discipline of his men, and they are now in a high state of order. and health. The display to-day must have satisfied our allies that some doubts expressed as to our actual strength were unfounded. As soon as the troops had been formed today in two grand lines they advanced towards Balaklava and halted. The General and Staff rcde past, and the various regiments marched off in succession to their camps, but it was past '7 o'clock before some of them had got cleanoff theground. I Had that infantry been on this ground on the 25tlh of October, Liprandi would have had but a sorry tale to tell of his demonstration. That General has, we understand, fallen into dis I grace; or at least discredit, on account of his neglect to push the false attack against Balaklava and the plateau on the 5th of November. Had he done so,_j Bosquet could not have moved a man to our assistance, and the battle of Inkermann would have been continued, with fearful odds against us by our owntroops alone. To this error of Liprandi's and to Soimonoffs maistake the Russians attribute our safety and their defeat; -but they also inveigh severely against the apatly which prevailed after the battle, and whiclh prevented their renewing the attack immediately after the 14th of November. FmDAY.-A kind of sirocco wind blew nearly all day, and rendered riding or walldng disagreeable till the evening. The men not engag>ed in carrying shot and shell and on fatigue duty were drilled and marched vigorously, and all the camps presented a blaze of arms in every parade ground. The separate regiments were exercised in complicated manceuvre, or underwent the exhilarating influences of light infantry drill. The departure of Sir WV. Eyre appears in this day's orders without note or comment. The gallant officer will leave the Crimea to-morrow, and he will be accompanied by his aides-de-camp. The most conspicuous act of Sir William during his military career here was his assault on the Cemetery and the extramural suburb in the ravine between the right of the French left attack and the left of our left attack on the 18th of Jrune, in which the 9th, under Colonel Borton, the 18th Regiment, and the 44th Regiment were much distinguished. Some military critics consider that attack injustifiable, useless, and i31devised; others declare it was contrary to Sir W. Eyre's orders, which were to the effect that he was not to attack till the Redan was occupied by our troops. Sir W. Eyre, after he had seen and examined the ground carefully since the close of the siege, is understood to have stated that if the thing were to do again he would act precisely as he did on the 18th of June. Under the actual circumstances of the case the attack produced no result, and we were never able to establish ourselves in the suburb, which was, it must be recollected, a considerable distance outside the line of Russian defences; but, had a lodganent been made by the French on the Bastion du MAt or by the English on the Redan, the results of our occupation of the Cemetery must have been most important. Sir William possesses great powers of enduring fatigue, which he seems desirous of imparting to his men by active drill, long marches, and constant exercise ; but it has not fallen to his lot to be placed in any prominent position during the great conflicts of this war. His temper is high and imperious, but that is a quality by no means unusual among military commanders, nor ought it to be considered as any disqualification for an independent command, however disagreeable it may be to those serving under him. There are few around him who have not experienced the severity of Sir William's censure, and the colonels and senior officers of the regiments in his Division have bad reason to know the strength and vigour with which he expresses his sentiments. The General has a very decided wil of his own,-those who have ever ventured to advise him caU it obsti nacy,-but if that determination be combined with other qualities, such as sagacity and skill, the possession of it is rather in his favour than otherwise. The Third Division regiments will be condensed into a brigade under Colonel Trollope. It is only the first regiments for foreign service which wiU go to Canada and Halifax to complete the ordinary establishments in that country, which we were obliged to diminish during the pressure of the war. Sixteen or seventeen regiments will be sent to the Mediterranean to relieve the Militia. All our arrangements are being completed for the evacuation of the Crimea, and 25 large steamers are expected here immediately for the conveyance of troops. Colonel Halliwell is on special service at Balaklava, reporting the details of shipment in aid of the Quartermaster-General's Department, and " business" generaUy. There is nothing to record to-day beyond a visit of MajorGeneral VassileffskytotheFourth Division this morno ing. He inspected some of the regiments and, after. wards breakfasted with General Garrett, whose camp dejefinwr was embellished and elaborated by M. Soyer, now domiciled near Catheart's-hill. The wall round the cemeteryonthe hil isnowcompleted, and the Light Division and the Guards have taken measures to mark their regard and respect for their departed comrades by securing their remains against indignity. I shall describe those scattered burialgrounds in anotlher letter. A portion of the Army Works Corps was to have sailed to-day. The original organization of this body, in respect to its connexion with the army, was faulty; and if ever the continued neglect of the country to the efficient establishment of our Engineers and Sappers and Miners necessitate the renewed employment of such a corps, experience suggests that it must be placed on a different basis. The Army Works Corps is a child of Lord Panmure, and Sir W. Codrington has been a cruel stepmother to the bantling. But his best engineer officers will tell the Commander-in-Chief that the officers of the Royal Engineers and the Sappers out here could not have executed the works or the roads perfected by the Army Works Corps, for the simple reason that they are too weak for such labours. Our engineer officers complain, with every reason, that from the time they leave Woolwich till they retire from the service they are employed in every duty but one, and that is-military engineering. They build and repair barracks and gaols, and bridges and roads, but a fieldwork, a sap, a redan, or a redoubt they never see till they are called upon to make them in the face of an enemy. We have now a body of engineers trained in the greatest school for rough and ready practice, for largeness of conception, minuteness of detail, and elaboration of all the means of attack and defence that the world has ever seen,-are they henceforth to spend their lives in building barracks for convicts, or lath and plaster work in colonial barracks ? That the Engineer officers displayed admirable devotion, zeal, and courage, is attested by all who witnessed their conduiet, and is written in their blood; but no one who compares the labours of the two armies can deny that in the magnitude of the works and in the success of the operations the French have excelled us, and their an proaches totheBastion Centrale, the Quarantine, and the Bastion du MMt are monuments cut in the living rock to their energy and skll. But who supposes for a moment that it is owing to a difference in the personal or mental qualities of the two bodies of men t'hat the greater devolopment of the Frenh attack isto-be,attributed? The cause of that touch the whole constitution of our arMy very maily and very deeply. The En glish soldier-so say the engineers-works badly, and frequently the officers commanding parties in the trenches are indifferent to the execution of the allotted task, and seem to think that it is quite enough for them to be ready to fight when caled upon. The men soon catch this infection-they work listlessly; and it is with difficulty they can be prevented from destroybig the trencheswhen made by tearing down gabions to naske fires, &c., although they expose their own lives and those of their comrades by doing JO. Above all, the number of.Sappers was quite inadequate to the duties devolving upon them. I believe it is true that the advances, saps, and parallels were made exclusively by Sappers alone, and the difference between skiled labour and the apathetic efforts of a clumsy workman is beyond the conception of those who have not studied such subjects and who have not seen the results on great public works. The approaches to the Basti.onCentraleandtheBastionduMatweremade by an open mine for many hundred feet close up to the place, and such work required skilled labour of the highest order. At most, we could spam a Sapper tg every 20 men during the siege. The French line guarded the trenches, while their Sappers worked with the pick and the shovel. Our line were harassed by an endless division into working parties and trench guards, and they regarded the Engineers in the light of persecuting taslmasters. How, many little " rows," remonstrances, and reports took place o'nights in the trenches, under the enemy's nose, between officers of the regiments and officers of Engineers one can scarcely ever know. The line officers are rich in instances of ignorance and error on the part of the Engineers. The Engineer officers putj in a plea of confession and avoidance to such accusations-they say, "We acknowledge such errors may have been committed, but we are not to blame, for we had no previous experience-no body of men are infallible. Our task was beyond our means, and you showed no disposition to ease our burdens." Next to the apathy which astonishes the Russians so much, and to which they attribate the salvation of Sebastopol after the 20th of September, 1854, and the safetyof their army after the 8th of September, 1855, they are struck with the timidity of our first approaches. Had our batteries been opened at 600 yards, instead of 1,200 and 1,400 yards, on the 17th of October, they declare the place could not have held out, as the slaughter in the streets, then filed with inhabitants, would have beentoo terrible, and the loss of life in the line of batteries, then hastily and slightly built, would have been beyond the endurance of the garrison. It was with the greatest difficuilty they could keep the men to the guns on the 17th and 18th October, but as soon as the allied fire slackened, finding that no assault was made, they plucked up heart and worked away at the defences with such energy that they trebled their strength, and, at the same time, secured for themselves shelter in the wonderiul bomb-proofs traces of which still remain inside their works. Whether the batteries could have approached closer to the place in the first instance I cannot say, but it does seem preposterous that we should have opened fire with 72 pieces of artillery, about 30 of which were 24-pounders, and 500 rounds a-gun, against such a place as Sebastopol, from a distance twice as great as that which is generally selected for making the first parallel in the siege of an ordinary fortress. If the ground permitted no other course, one would think that the attack on those points should have been abandoned and more favourable ground selected. And now I have got a long way from the Army Works Corps. I shall return to them merely to say this much, that they have -performed, if not all that was unreasonably expected of them, an immense amount of useful works, which would have been augmented considerably if the war had continued, and the benefits of which this army has largely reaped. In the first place, 260 men of the corps have been engaged since last August in ballasting, draining, and reconstructing the line, which is 19 miles of single rail, so as to enable the engines to traverse it with safety. The corps has also laid the ~rails and sleepers from Balaklava to the Sardinian camp-three miles long-which has served not only our allies, but the Highlanders. In September the corps commenced the road with the assistance, on an average, of 4,000men from the line, and the road and its branches were open for traffic 48 days after it was begun. The soldiers were unprovided with tools, they were obliged to collect stones from the hilsides with their hands, and carry them to the road, and, under the circumstances, the completion of the road in the time is creditable to the Arny Works Corps and to those engaged upon it. On the arrival of the Second and Third Divisions of the Army Works Corps further assistance from the army was dispensed with. In the next place, the) Comnissariat has received the aid of a large body of the corps in constructing depOts, and erecting iron storehouses at the Fork and at the different divisions of the army. They also formed a line of quays and wharfs at Balaklava, some of which were erected on piles; and such labour as was provided from other departments was superintended by the Army Works Corps. Next, they gave to the Land Transport Corps pointsmen, breaksmen, engine-drivers, &c., to work the railway. They also gave a number of carpenters to build stables for the horses of the Land Transport Corps, to repair their carts and waggons, and, in November, a detachment of the Anny Works Corps was sent to Sinope, where they have been and now are engaged working a sawmill for the same corps. They have erected and repaired hospitals, they built stables for 100 horses of the l1th Hussars, they erected a pier at Eamtch for the Admiralty, and have aided in supplying the camp with water, as well as in assisting officers to build huts, &c., for the winter. These services have not been few or unimportant; they should at least be placed to the credit side of the account, against the large sum which the corps has cost the country.
STREET CAlB FuN s.-Yest erday a deputation from the vestry of St. Marylebone, accompanied by Lord Ebrington,l.P.,waited upon Sir 'eorge (rey, at theHome. office, on the subject of street cab funerals and the conveyance of patients in the public vehicles to the Fever and Smallpox Hospitals. The deputation consisted of Mr. W. Field, churchwarden, and Mr. Nicholay, churchwardenelect of Marylebone, Mr. Guy, Mr. Jacob Bell, MIr. DJffanger, jun., and MIr. Russell, with Dr. Thomson, Medical Oicer of Health, and MIr. Greenwell, Vestry-clerk. Mr. Guy referred to the daily-increasing practice of cab funerals of children to the metropolitan cemeteries, and to the practice of conveying patients having smallpox or typhus fever to the hospitals, and concluded that the increase of those diseases in the higher localities was attributable to that cause. Of 24,731 deaths of children under five years reported by the Iogistrar-General to have taL-en place during i2 months, 8,567 died of zymotic diseases, 143 of smallpox, and478of typhus. He offered some suggestions for remedying the evil, the principal points being that the proprietors or drivers of cabs whoused them for children's funerals should be fined 101. in each case; that fever and smallpox hospitals should be compelledto provide vehicles to send for patients when applied to, and that some of the ambulance vehicles used in tne Crimea should be placed by the Government at the disposal of sachhospitals. 1r. Jacob Bell, Dr. Russell, Mr. Nlcholay, andDr. Thomson confirmed Mr. Guy's views as to the danger to the public from the practice. Sir George Grey expressed his concurrence with the deputation and the importance of dealing with it in a sanitary point of view ; but said it was a difficult question, and persons might also get into a railway carriage, whieh had brought a person with fever from a long distance, and catch it. He woul'l, however, put himself into communication with the cqommisstoners of metro colitan police, and matuxrely consider t'ne subject,j.v wth a view~ to the application of some remer.y for THE TATLS.-IVmROOT, May 8.-Tbe British and North American mail steamship Canad. will sail for Bo.ison on Saturday, Letters receiveo at the post-office etntil lam.,witlate fee till 12 BOOD, aud at the Landingstage txll X p,P.m.
T- -TE ADDBBSSES 0 TRE pEACE. (From the Cowrt Circular.) i The Qaeen held a Court yesterday afternoon at Bekldng. ham Palace for the reception on the throne of addresses congratulating Her Majesty on the peace from the House of Lords, the House of Commons, the Corporation of the City of London, and from Her Majesys Commissioners of Ideutenancy for the City of London. TheLord ChanceUlorarnivedat3o'clock,wearinghisState robe, and attended by Mi.J.ShawLefevre, Clerk of thePar; ianents; Sir Augustus Clifford, Bart, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, and also by his Secretary, Mace-bearer, and Train-bearer. His Lordship was azcompanied by the Earl of Ellesmere, the mover, and Lord Glenelg, the second'- of the Address, and also by the Bishops of Oxford and Limericlk, the Larquis of IAnsdowne, Earl of Albemarle, Lords Ashburton and Stanley of Alderley. On being ushered into the presence of the Queen in the Throne-room the Lord Chaneellor read the address from the House of Peers, to which Her Majesty returned a most gracions answer. The Speak-er of the House of Commons arrived in his State coach, wearing his gold robe, and attended by Lord Charles Russel, Sergeant.at-Arms, and other Officers of the House of Commons. The Right -Hon. Gentleman was accompanied by Messrs. Denison and Herbert. the -mover and seconder of the address, and also by the Right Hon Sidney Herbert, Vice-Admiral Sir C. Napier, Sir J. I Ramsden, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Hindley, Sir G. B. Pochell, Viscount Castlerosse, Mr. Oliveira, Mr. Christie, Mr. Alexander Hastie, Mr. A. Murray Dunlop, Captain Handcockl, Mr. Sullivan, lr. S. Gregson, Mr. F. W. Russell, the Right Hon. E. Horsman, the Hon. A. Kiunaird, Mr. Crawshay Bailey, Mr. Adam Blackl, Mrr. John Cheetham, Mr. William Brown, Mr. W. Cubitt, Mr. J. Pfl1kington, SirJ. Pakigton, Mr. Kershaw, Mr. Stephen E. de Vere, Colonel W. L. Freestun, Mr. gilliam Biggs, Sir Joshua Walmsley, Lord Waterpark-, Mr. James O'Brien, Mr. N. Power, Mr. George Moffatt, MIr. IL T. Bass, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Charles Forster, Mr. James Bell, Captain D. O'Connell, M.r WiUiam Ewart, Mr. J. C. Ewart, Mr. Heneage, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Saunders Davies, MIr. Masters Smith, Atr. Peter Rolt, Colonel Kemeys Tynte, Mr. fAlcock, Mr. Edward Ball, Captain O'Connell, MEr. Wynne, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Grace, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Lace, Mr. Richardson, Mr. T. Meagher, Mr. S. Christy, MIr. John Brady, Mfr. Mowbray, MLr. Fenwick, Colonel Ouseley Higgins, Mr. F. Crossley, Mr. C. W. Grenfell, Mr. Hastings Russell, Mr. Floyer, Mr. Frederick North, Mr. Bonham-Carter, Mr. J. Heard, Mfr. J. H. Gurney, Mr. Thornely, Mr. E. D. Brockman, Mr. George Eadfield, Admiral Walcott, Right Hon. E. Cardwell, Right Hon. R. Vernon Sm-ith, Right Hon, M. T. Baines. The Speaker and Commons were next conducted to the Queen's presence, when the Speaker read the address from the House of Commons. Her Majesty returned a most gracious answer. The Lord Mayor arrived in his State coach, drawn by six horses,and preceded by the City Marshals on horseback. His Lordship was attended by the principal officers of the corporation, and was accompanied by Mr. AldermanKennedy the mover, and Mr. T. Rowley (of the Common Council) the seconder of the address, together with the following Aldermen :-Sir G. Carroll, Cnbitt, Sir Francis G. Moon, Bart., Sir J. Doke, Finnis, Sir P. Laurie, Lawrence, and Rose. His Lordship was also accompanied by 91 Common Councillors and by the Recorder, the. Town-clerk-, the Comptroller, the Remembrancer. the Solicitor, the SeconI dary, the HIigh Bailiff, and the Keeper of GuildhalL His Lordship and the Corporation were ushered to the Throne-room, when the Recorder read the address from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the city of London. The Queen returned a most gracious answer. Her Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the city of London were introduced, when the Lord Mayor read the address of congrtulation from thatbody. Her Miajesty returned a most gracious answer. The Lord Mayor, Mr. Dakin,the mover, and Ir. John Alexander, the seconder of the address, had the honour to kiss hands. The Commissioners present were-Sir Moses Montefiore, Alderman Lawrence, Sir Francis Moon, Mr. John Francis Moon, Mr. S. Gregson, M^.P., Mir. D). Nicol, Sir Peter Laurie, Mlr. G. Alliston, Sir G. Carroll, MEr. Richard N. Philipps, Mr. Somes, MIr. Toiler, MIr. Helbert Helbert. Sir J. Duke, Mir. Starling, Mr. Eebbel, Mr. Wood, Mtr. Eey, MEr. Alderman a nd Sheriff Rose, Mr. Alderman Wire, Alderman Finnis, Alderman and Sheriff lennedy, Major Moore, and Mr. James Anderton; and Mr. Henley Smith (clerk and treasurer). The Queen wasattended at the receptionof the addresses by the following Ministers .-Viscount Palanerston, Sir G. Grey, Earl Granville, Earl of Harrowby, M1r. Labouchere, Duke of Argyll, and Sir C. Wood. The Court was attended by the Mistress of the Robes, the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting, the Lord Chamberlain, the Groom of the Stole to the Prince, the Treasurer of the Household, the Vice-Chamberlain, the Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms, the Captain oftheYeomen of the Guard, Viscount Gough, Gold Stick in Waiting, Eil Caithness, lord in Waitin-g; Mr. R. Ornaby Gore, Groom in Waiting; Lieutenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arns; Colonel the Right Hon.-Oecil Forester, SilverStick in Waitin Colonel foncrieff, Field Offlcer in Brigade Waiting; or Harmar, Standardbearer of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Sir Wllliam Mlartins, Mr. INTorman Macdonald, and Commander Bedford, R.N., Gentlemen Ushers; and the Pages of Honour in Waiting. Her Mfajesty's Guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemenat-Arms lined the Throne-room during the reception, under the conimand of the Lieutenant. The Yeomen of the Guard were on duty, commanded by the Exon in Waitin. A guard of honour of the Foot Guards was on duty in front of the Palace. Sir George Grey and Viscount Palmerston had audiences of Her Majesty. His Highness the Grand Vizier had an audience of the Queen to deliver a letter to Her Majesty. His Highness also delivered the Order of Medjidie in diamonds to his Royal Highness Prince Albert from the Sultan. 'Thue Grand Vizier was accompanied by M Musurus, the Turkish Ambassador, and was presented by the Earl of Clarendon, KLG., the Qaeen's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, K.C.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremonies.
CITY ADDRESS ON THE PEACE. Yesterday the Right iRIon. the Lord 3Mayor, the Right Hon. J. Stuart Wortley, the Recorder, AldermenFinnis, Cabitt, and several other aldermen, with the Sheriffs and city officers, and 99 members of the Common Council, waited upon Her Majesty at Buckingham Palace with the Address from the Corporation of London, which was read by the Recorder as follows - "To THE QUzMs's MOST ExcENs'Tr MAJESTY. "Most Gracious Sovereign,_We, your Majesty'sloyal and dutiful subjects, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonsof the city of London, in Commton Council assembled, approach your Majesty's Throne with our humble but earnest congratulations on the close of the war. "By the successful negotiation and conclusion of a definitive treaty peace is at once happily and honourably restored, while it is guaranteed for the future by the concurrence and cordial participation of aU the great Powers of Europe. " CompeUed to enter into the war in defence of the violated territoryof an ancient empire long bound to this country by ties of amity and alliance, the Western Powers had no object of aggrandisement to seek; and your Majesty and your iUustrious alies, the Emperor of the French and the King of Sardinia, have given to the world a signal example of moderation and forbearance by accepting in the hour of triumph, and when best prepared to pursue that triumph to its results, the intervention of a friendly Sovereign, and sparing to a gaUant enemy the further humiliation that awaited him. " We thankfully recognize the hand of God in the successes achieved by our arms in spite of difficulties andl sufferings rarely equaUeld, ancd arising chiefly from want of recent experience of -wvar on so vast a scale; and while we deeply sympathize vith your Majesty's grief for the loss of the brave officers and men who have gloriously fallen, we proudly rejoice to record that in no former war has the generous and enduring bravery of the British soldier and sailor, vieing with that of their valiant alliez, been more brilliantly conspicuous. "We now look forwardv with renewed hope and confidence to the further development, under Divine Providence and the continuance of your Majesty's mild and beneficent reign, of aU the arts and resources of peace, and -we trust, that in the futture as in the past, ow beloved country will under these blessed influences be again and ever foremost in the ranks of civilization and social im. provement. "By order of the Court, "H. M. MHREwETEH.1 To whichi address Her Majesty was pleased to return the following most gracious answer "I thank you for your loyal and. dutiful address. "I gratefully acknowledge the many and conspicuousproofs of the zeal and unanimity of my people, and the generous and enduring bravery of my soldiers and sailorscduring the war in which we have been engaged, and which, in conjunction with my illustrious alies, I have been enabled to conduct to an hononrable and satisfactory termination.. " I accept with sincere gratification your congratul1ations on the conclusion of a treaty by whEink the objects of the war have been fully sesured, andpeace has been re-established with the cordial concurrenceof all the great ?owers of Euroe.. it I truist that this peace, resting as I have reason to believe, on a firm and secure basis, may be long continued to us, and that its blessings may, under Divine Providence, be widely experiencei in friendly intercourse among nations, and intho Tapid progress of civil i"tion aWLd socialimproveMbrit." They were all very graciously receiyed,
THE CRIMEAN BOABD OF ZYQUIBY. The Board of General Officers resumed their sitt!u At Chelsea yesterday at the usnalhour. The attendanoe of the pubric was but limited. The JuDGXE-ADvocATz, with reference to the cominiucation made by Dr. Balfour to Sir John K'Neill, rlluded to anL the course of Tuesday's proceeaings, said Dr. Bafou!r wishedit tD be understood that he had made no suggestion to Sir John MNeiU as to his attendance here in lieu of Colonel Tulloch. It appeared that the contrary might haT6 beeninferredcfronlwhathadfallenfrom him (the Judge. Advocate) on Tuesday, and Dr. Balfour was anxious that this point should be set right. In reply to questions from the Board, Dr. Balfour stated that he had received from Sir John M!Xeill no answer to the letter in which he had commnuicated the fact of Colonel Tulloch's illness, nor did he expect any reply, inasmuch as he put no question to SirJohn. With respect to Colonel Tulloch, ke did not believe that officer could even leave his roomi for ten days, and he was authorized by Sir James Clarlke and Mr. Martin to expre3s their opinion that Colonel Tulloch ought not, after tha, to undertake any business of imDortance for two or threc months. The JUDGE-ADvoCATE asked General Airev what cosr he proposed pursuing under these circumstances ? General Airey wished to know whether he was not to: erx pect the attendance of either of the commisioners? 2 The JurDE-ADvocATE said that he had sent a notice to Sir John W.Neill intimating that Colonel Tulloch was too ill to appear before the Board. He had also endos6ed a copy of the proceedings, with especial reference to thosa parts of the commissioners' report which had been impugned, and had informed Sir John that he had novr an opportunity of sayingwhether or not he -would appear before the Board. To this communication he had reoeiv#d as yet no renly. - General Airey.-I deeply regret to learn that the Board' cannot for tbe present have the adv n-ae of oursuing this inquizry i-the presence of Colonel Tulloch r eMaJsty's warrant recites that the conduct of some of the officers on the general staff of the army had been animadverted upon in the report by Sir John Al'Neill and Colonel Tullochl ana I am one of the officers on the general staff thus referred to. Now, theJudge-Advocate, addressing me on Tuesday last, said it -pas the opinion of the Board that, in the absenCe of either or both the commussioners, I ought not to impugn the credit of thereport. In that view I entirely concurred It -was, however, to impugn the credit of the report, so far as it animadverted upon me, that I appeared before the Boird; and since the General officers whom I havo the honour to address are most justly of opinion that I ought not to continue the perfonnance of this painfil duty in the absence of the conunissioners, I should have rejoiced if the nature of Colonel Tulloch's illness had been such as to justify the hope that an adjournment for a moderate time might -give the Board the advantage of his presence here. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE said the remarks of the Board as to the propriety of General Airey's abstaining, in the absence ofthe conmissioners, fronm impugning the accuracy of the report had especial reference to the mode inL which the commissioners had taken the evidence of certaiu officers. There were portions of the report, however, with Megardto which General Airey 'wished to make explantions and to defend his own conduct; and the Board thought he night proceed with this part of his case, leaving the other personal matter untouched. General Airey.-It is difficult for me to go on under any circumstances in the absence of Colonel Tulloch. I have stated that it was for the very purpose of impugning the credit of the report, so far as it tended to animadvert upon me, that I appeared here; but the Board wil bear me wit. ness that in perforning this duty I have never for aninstant departed from that tone of courtesy which I deem it appropnate to maintain in the conduct of this discussion - and I could say now that if I could find words which'would do simple justice to myself, as an officer, without giving tho slightest pain or vexation to the friends of Sir John M`Neill snd Colonel Tnlloch, those words and those only I would nse. But can I find such words? I declare the subject of discussion is such that every sentence coming to my lips woul d be checked by the thought that neither of the commissioners is present to hear me and to combat my onclusion. I desired a full and fair investigation in the presence of Colonel Tulloch or his colleague,and I was most anxious also to examine Colonel Tulloch, under the finm impression that there were matters on whichhe could throw farmore light than any otherman. It is not only of an important witness that Colonel Tulloch's illness deprives me, for this deplorable event deprives me also-I-will not say of an opponent-but of one who would endeavour to sustainthe allegations contained in the report, and I do really feel that, as it seems his presence is not to be replaced by that of Sir John MeNeill, I cannot bring myself to go on with explanations and evidence which might by posaibility give pain to an absent man. Therefore, deferring respectfully to the view of the Board, which callls upon me either to continne my explanations or to leave the case as it stands, as far as Colonel Talloch is concerned, I have come to the conclusion that the latter of those two courses is the one which, if not the more wise and the more pmdent, is at al events the one most consistent with my feelings. All who have watchedthe progress of the discussion on Monday and Tuesday last will see that there is much indeed which I should wish to say if I could persuade myself to complete my explanation by summing up the evidence already given before the Board. But, if there is much that I should lketo add to my address, there is happily nothing in it which I wish to withdraw or qualify; *nd now, disarmed as I am by the illness and the absence of Colonel Tulloch, all I will venture to ask -of-the Board is that in considering their decision theywill kindly revert to the official notes of my statement, as well as to the evidence which has been given in the progress of this inquiry. The Board, however, will permit me to continue my part in this discussion uponmatters connected with the organization of the army, which do not tend to bring me into any kind of antagonism with Colonel Tulioch. General PEEL asked whether Sir Richard Airey could not show that the assertions of the reoort, so far as they referred to him, were incorrect, in the absence of the coinmissioners ? General Airey said it was impossible for him to defend his own conduct without impugning the credit of the report. If Colonel Tulloch had not abandoned, as it were, his original position as a cowmissioner, and had not come down here to examine and cross-examine witnesses in confirmation of the report, he (Sir P.. Airey) might hav- gone on in his absence. 3Lr. Filder said he felt himself under the same difficulty as General Airey as to proceeding with his case in the absence of Colonel Tulloch. The Board retired to consider the course they would pursne. On returning, after a short absence, The JUDGE-ADvoCATE said,-The decision of the Board is, that though they regret much the necessity of-further adjournment, yet, in consideration of General Airey's andMr.. Frilder's statements to-day, they wsill adjourn to tWednesday morning nexzt, by which time they hope it will be derided whether either of the commissioners will be present, and if not they will call on General Airey and Mr. -Filder to take t'.hat course which they may think proper in the absence of the commissioners. General Airey was very anxious to secure the attendance of Sir John A'?Neill, both as a witness and as a conmuissioner, but he had understood the Judge-Advocate to say that it was not competent for them to desire his presence. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE.-As a military board, we cannot compel the attendance of a civilian, but Iwvrote a letter to Sir John WNeill on Tuesday informing him that the Court was adourned till to-day (Thursday) in consequence of the ilnessof Colonel Tulloch,and Iadded:-" heBoard are desirous of being informed whether, after receivingthis communication, you propose to come before the Board with a view to enable General Airey to put questions to yourself which he would otherwise have put to Colonel TuDloch." As I said before, I have received no answer to this letter. After some further unimportant conversation, and an ecxplanation from Mr. Filder with regard to the supply of forage to the transports, The Board adjourned at 1 o'clock until Wednesday next.
THE PnAEC.-llff. layard declares that thc conditions of the peace earn the approval of a candid member of Parliament as e:ceeding any expectations which he had formed, and fully attaining all the objects wbich our Govern, ent can be supposed to have contemplated when. they tool- up the sword. Who, indeed, can doubt it, that does not look at the question through the medinum of per. sonal prejudice or party envy? We do not insist upon any extraordinary cause for "joy' and exultation, because those are emotions which the English people are never quick to feel, and which, perhaps, it is not right thatthey should ex,ect to be indulged when the submission of a foreign Power is the subject of their thonghts. But if we can bet content to accept all that calm reason demands, we shll certainly not be dissatisfied with the peace. lhe bestproof of its title to a favourable verdict lies in the fact that it occupies a middle grotnd between the reoquirements of twa partes, neither of which the English people would willingly see m possession of power to bend the policy of the country to its views. If we had listened to one, we sbhould either have resigned the whole of the east of Europe tea semibarbarous mi3itary power, without raising a hand inits defence, or should have retired after the frst act of bloody and expensive confLict, with a ranldng sense that wehadnot only been defeated in our policy; but had affixed on oursolves a lasting stigma of inferiority and presumption. If we had lent our ears to the other party, we should now be only at the commencement of a stAggle for the absolxte reduction. of Russia to insignificance, if not to national annihilationa wild crusade, respetiag which nothing would be certain, except the vast extent of its hazard and durakioo. The endc whien wre may boast to have attained is eTixlly remove& from both of these extrene It may not lbe perfectly symetrical, for that cau rarely be said of the sxacution of szWpolitical design, but its-aniles are fairlyounmaed off andaie defects in itssurface.re neithernumerous noruminy. Before the war RussiakeI&a legal protectorsbe ever twn.rkish provinces, and asserted claims founded on treatTjto a sort of spiritual allkgance from niilliosi ef Turazisbl subli. jects. At Sebastopmol she maintained the strongest.fortress n the world as anL ndisguised meu to her weaker neighbour, ar.d her fleet exercised an almo5t undispx.ted swaLy over the closi waters of the Black Sea. All t is completely reversed, and the safet- of Tuzkey aEnst aggresion from this quarter is p. zn a basis a; firm as ant -which can be afforded by =a=s of political arrangements. This in itself would be a ful, tiough ertainly not a liberal, realization of the obiezts With which w was declared. But more has beeni dne. In the north as wel as ia the south of Europe rneasures have been put in t-in which must tend to ai-minish the influence and cheelk the Wgression of Russia while they open the way for the enemerce and policy of England to penetrate into quer_ers from which t}'ey have hitlherto been debarred. This is but a literal .tatement of what we have substantially achievod, and, no reasonable man -wll deny that it justifies Parha. -aent in congratulating the Queen on the happy conclusion Iof a-war in which we embaRked froum theppurest otive' and from which we emerge with nn icrease et i'ruea and reputation,-PAs77C1Vtc'r ftiyr-i{.
FORBIGN INTELLIGENCE. YRA{OE t(ROM OUR OW COURFlESPOPDKNT.) tA.portionofthefoiowing appeared in our seoond eaition at vstesdav :-. pABIS, WxDOSMDAY, Y 7, 6 P.-M. General Edgar Ney is the Aide-de-Camp who is sent to St. Petersburg as the bearer of the Emperorfs letter to the Czar in reply to the notification of his accession. General Ney leaves this evenmng, and he will probably remain for some time as Miiitaxy Attache to the French Embassy. A despatch from Vienna announces the departure of the Archduk]e Maximilian. last evening forParis. Ee is expected at Strasburg on the 11th, and will arrive here on the 12th or 13th. The Emperor of Austria having already, on the aignature of the treaty of December 2, conferred on i3aron de Bourqueney the Grand Cordon of the Imperial Order of Leopold, the highest distinction that the Court of Vienna grants to foreign representalives accredited to it, and wishing to further recog. nize the services of that diplomatist on the occaion of the re-establishment of peace, has just sent him, through the Austrian Legation at Paris, a gold anuffbox of great value. This present bears on the lid the likeness of the Emperor Francis Joseph, set round with twvo row;s of diamonds, and on each side of the miniature are to be seen three brilliants of unusualy large size. This high mark of esteem was accompanied by a letter from Count de Buol, ting howr deeply the Emperor of Austria appreciates the services of the Baron in the great work which led to the treaty of peace. The Pays of this day contains a long article on the state of the press in Belgium, and on the necessity of checking its licentiousness. It ends with the following words, which sound somewhat like a menace:- " We understand the difficulties that maybe encountered by this (the Belgian) Government in the face of a Parliamaentary Opposition with which everything serves as a pretext for political warfare. But, when we speak in the name of the imprescriptible laws of morality, in the name of justice and of law, in the name of the interests of one's country-which will not sacrifice its friendly external relations to the unjustifiable protection of the apostles of regicide-it seems to us that all political questions become effaced before the necessity of armuing with an avenging sword society and morality, which are alike menaced." The French Government have not, I believe, made any complaint against the Belgian Go-vernment, or expressed any doubts of their goodwill to repress the excesses of those papers. Thev have represented the difficulty of preventing the introduction of incendiary matter in This country, which is separated neither by a chain of mountains nor by the sea from the neighbouring kingdom, and against which the whole line of Custom-houses is powerless. The French Govermment have been told that the law is open to them, as to any one else, to punish the offenders; but theCabinet of Brussels cannot pronounce guiltythosewhomthe jury find innocent, or punish whenthe lawacquits. It is not probable that the Belgian Chambers would vote a penal lawr, even lifthe Mlinister had courage enough to propose it, at the demand and dictation of the :French Government. The remedy is difficult; or I presume the Pays woulld not recommend a col) d'etat at Brussels for the sole object of putting down a few newspapers, and still less the occupation of the Belgian territory by a French army. During the last French Republic a portion of the Paris press was quite as violent against monarchical governments as the Belgian papers, and the manner in which the XNatdimal, then the organ of the Republic, spoke of monarchical institutions in England annd Spain is not forgotten. What would the Pays have said if the Cabinets of M,adrid and London had called on M. de Lainartine or General C(avaignac to muzzle ALM arrast, or throw Prudhon and Pierre Leroux into prison without formn of law? The "hints" of the Ministerial paper are likely to do more harm than good. The Senate met yesterday, D. Troplong, the First President, in the chair. The secretary read a letter from Captain Tascher de la Pagerie, orderly officer of the Emperor, expressing his gratitude for the nimms which were given him by the Senate, as a renminiscence of the mission which he fulfilled on the 16th of MIarch, when chargeed by His Majesty to announce to that body the birth of the Prince Im- 'ea]n. The President announced the death of reneral Count Pernety, Senator. The monthly bureaux were renewed by lot in the usual manner. T'he bill aggreed to by the Legislative Body to grant pensions to the victims of the insurrection of June, 1848, -was brought up. Several local bils were approved, and the Senate declared that there appeared no reason to prevent their promulgation. Several reports on petitions were afterwards disposed of, and the proceedings terminated. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 30c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents,. at 94f. 75c.; and the New Loan at 75f. 55c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,415f.; Great Nor'thern, 1,120f.; Strasbuirg, 1,005f.; new shares, 912f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,465f.; Lyons to the Mlediterranean, 1, 70M 50c.; Western of France, 950f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 825f.; Great Central of France, 7'60f.; Lyons and Geneva, 825f.; Bank of Cr6dit MIobilier, 1,817f. 60c.; Austrian railways, 940f. Cours Authentlque.-PEu'js, May 7.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 94f. 25c.; ditto second Loan of 19755 (55 per cent. paid), 9If. 25c.; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c. ; Three per Cents., 74f. S0c. S5c. 90c.; ditto first Loan of 18.55 (.5 percent. paid), M4f. 80c.; ditto second Loan of 38.55 (55 per cent. paid), 75f.; ditto Certificates (55 percent. paid, 75f.; Bank of France, 3,950f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,790f. 1,800f. 1,SlOf. 1,815f. 1,S10f. 1,820f. 1,815f. 1,817f. 50c. ; Discount Bank, 695f. 700f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90f.; Belgian Fourand-a-Hall per Cents., 97; umans, 91*; Spanish Deferred Coerted,2.5X.; ditto, Interior Debt, 41. Exchan"e on london, at sight, paper, 7Sf. 40c.; money, 2Sf. ffic.; three months, money, 24f. 97ac. B3ELGIUMI. A committee from both Chambers waited upon the King of the Belgians on Tuesday, at the Palace of Laeken, to invite His Majesty to attend a banquet which the Chambers had decided on offering to the King and Royal Family on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the reign of His Majesty. The Prince de aigne was spokesman on the occasion, and Eis Majesty graciously accepted the invitation. The Bel-ian Senate is convoked for Wednesday, the 14th inst. ITALY. The following is the text of the Royal decree, dated Caserta, April the 28th, prolonging the permiission to export breadstuffs from Naples:- " We hereby extend, until the 15th of June of the pTesent year, the permission to cxport from our dominions, situated on both sides of the Faro, wheat, Indian corn, barley, beans, and lupins. The export duties at present in force on those articles are to be reduced by one-half after the 1st of May." SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 3d inst. The annivery of the insurrection of Madrid against the French on the 2d of 3May, 1808, was oelebrated as usual on the preceding day. A deplorable incident occurred during the ceremony. As the 3d battalion of the National Guard was defiling, one of the men, having fallen out of the ranks, was told by his lieutenant to resume his place. The man, instead of obeying, turned on the officer, and wounded him with his bayonet. A captain of the staff,witnessing the scene, rode up to the National Guard, who menaced him with his bayonet, and rau it into the horse's breast. Some of his comrades then- rushed upon him, and left him for doad on the spot. He was conveyed under an escort to the General Hospital, where he was lying in a deaperate con dtition. phe Proceedings in the Cortes on the 3d were ile-void of interest. The representatives of the Cr6dit Mobilier Company and the Catilian Deputies met on the Ist, to come to an understanding with regard to a proposition relative to the concesion to that company, on payment by the State of a small subvention, of the rdaid and Valadolid and Victoria and Miranda sections of the Northern Railway, which those Deputies intend submitting to the Cortes. Numerous arrests had taken place at Barcelona in consequence of the investigation commenced at Vajencia against the leaders in the last revolt. The Duke of Victory was expected at Saragoss on the 8th. Tim PoiT or LrVERPOoOL-ThO Liverpool Bill of hFry, published by the Customs' authoritise, states that the value of duty-free goods imported into that town during the first three months of thepresent year amounted $Q1O,447,SW.
IMONDY-MARXBT a CoITYIJTELGENC Thursday Evening. The English fiinds this morning opened at a decline of an eighth, but again assumed more firmneEs towards the close of business. Consols for money were first quoted 92J to J, and they left off at 92X to 93. For the 4th of June the last price was 931 to i. The settlement of theoConsolaccounttook place to.day, and, as it resulted in a full supply of stock, being delivered, the demand for money was at one time excessive. Bank Stock leit off at 210 to 211k; Reduced, 91-i to ; Neow Three per Cents., 92k to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17 1-16; India Stock, 227 to 229; India-bonds, 6s. to 3s. discount; Exche. quer-bonds, 98 to i; and Exchequer-bills (March); ls. discount to 2s. premilum; (June), 4s. discount to par. In addition to the extraordinary presumre for loans in the Stock-Exchange to-day, the commercial demand was very active. The applications at the Bank were consequently extremely heavy, and far beyond anything that could have been anticipated after the comparative quietness in the earlier part of the week. Foreignsecurities presented little alteration, but quotations were dull in the afternoon. Turkish Six per Cents. -were negotiated at 97k for money, and 97i, 98', and 97i for the account. In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed the transactions were at 1018a. The general business comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., New, 981; Chilian Three per Cents., 68ik Mlexican, for money, 22ffi; for the account, 22X, and i; Sardinian Five per Cents., 94k; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 25k and 24j; Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, L; and Butch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64 and 6( The fulal quotations on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 90c. for money, and 75f. 35c. for the end of the month, showing continued steadiness. Further moderate amounts of gold continue to be taken to the Bank of England The Baltic, from NeV York to-day, has brought 60,0001., making a total of 200,0001. in gold received fromn America this week. The commercial advices on this occasion contain nothing of importance. Notwithstanding a great demand for money, the Stock-market was steady, at a slight advance. The dollars by the last Mexican steamer have been sold at 62d. per ounce, being an advance of id. upon the price realized for those by the previous packet. An adjourned meeting of the Victoria (London) Dock Company took place to-day, Mr. Heywood in the chair, to afford the directors an opportunity of commiuicating to the shareholders the result of negotiations with Messrs. Peto, Betts, and Brassey respecting a completion of the lease. Mr. C. Morrison announced that, after mutual explanations, the directors and the contractors have been enabled to arrange the whole of the preliminaries, and that the instrument necessary to confirm the agreement only requires to be engrossed and signed to give it full validity. The adjustment, however, having been perfected only yesterday, another adiournment was essential, to allow time for the prescribed legal formalities. It was mentioned that the fundamental condition of the original agreementviz., the payment of interest at the rate of 5 per cent. on the whole of the outlay and half of surplus profits-is maintained in its integrity. With the view, however, of assisting the lessees in extending their works on the additional land, it is proposed to allow them to avail themselves of tho entire capital and borrowing powers possessed under the acts of the company, and thus to increase the total from 933,0001. to 1,199,0001. Of this 700,0001. has already been subscribed, the interest on which -will be at the rate of 5 per cent.; 133,0001. has also been raised in loans. Upon the additional shares for 200,0001. the lessees will pay interest at the rate of 6 per cent., and in exercising the further borrowing powers for 166,0001. they must bear the onus of the terms on which they may be able to obtain it. To protect the shareholders, provided any difficulty shall hereafter arise, the lessees imdertake to accept any amount of the last 100,0001. share capital that may not be taken by the proprietors. With regard to the deposit of securities for 150,0001., that part of the engagement will be strictly adhered to; but Messrs. Peto, Betts, and Brassey are to be allowed 12 months from the date Df signing the lease to effect the arrangement. The period of the lease is 21 years from January, 1855. According to these modified terms the rate of interest in the entire capital will average 5 1-5th per cent.; iu addition to the advantage of equal participation in ;urplus profits. In answser to questions it was stated that the business of the docks is gradually improvillg, as shown by the returns of tonnage; and Sir md. Peto availed himself of the opportunity of impressing upon the whole of the shareholders the mutual interest they have as co-partners in augnenting the revenue of the company. The explanations tendered on this occasion, particularly those wvhich had reference to the delay in the execution of ,he lease, and which it was distinctly averred ori- rinated in legal technicalities, and not in any desire on the part of the contractors to avoid the responsibility of their engagement, were received as satisfactory, and a formal adjournment was then igreedto. At a meeting of the National Provincial Bank of England, held to-day, Dlr. J. F. Laurie presiding, bhe dividend declared, including bonus, was equal bo 16 per cent. per annum, and the report and acounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated bhat the general operations of the bank during the past year have proved satisfactory, and that the bhree new branches opened are making steady promress. The measures necessary for increasing the apital to 600,0001. were sanctioned. Annexed is in abstract of the report:- " The directors have to state that since the last meeting bhey have established three branches-viz., at Hanley, 3alisbury, and Conway. The progress made during the short time they have been in operation justifies the expectation of great success. The high value of money has, no ioubt, considerably lessened the profits of the commercial and trading community for 1855. From the same cause What year to the banking interests has been one of undoubted prosperity. The following is the result of the year's operahions: 185. fi. s.d Jan.i.-Rest or undivided profits, at 31st of De- cember. b.s iebted at theannual meeting in Stay, If .. .. .. M o o Less. Bonus dclared and paidinlWs out of this amount .270 o0 0o Reserved fund set apart In Governmeat secunties .. .. .. .. .. 162 0o Dcea.3I.-I;et profits of 1855. after making allow- ance for bad and doubtful debts .. .. 84,305 0 0 Total. . 247,19S 00 Deduct. Dividend on Companp's stock for 1855 .3. 6,000 0 a Leaving rest, or undivided profita Decem- ber3l,15i .. .. . .. .. 211,195 0 0 "The directors havo the satisfaction to announce to the proprietors that it is their intention to declare a bonus of 8 per cent. on the company's stock, to be paid along -with the usual half-yearly dividend, at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum, in July next; after payment of the bonus the reserve fund will stand at 175,19M. In consequence of the large increase in the bank's business of late years the direc. tors for some time have contemplated an increase in the bank's capital, but postponed any measure of the kdnd so long as the war and severe monetary pressure continued. With peace restored, with a prospect of an easier money. market, and of an increasing trade, the directors consider that the time has arnved when this desirable object can be accomplished with advantage. They therefore propose to increase the bank's capital by a fresh issue of 15,000 small shares of 2t. each, to be offered at par to the propritetrs whose names stand upon the Share Regzister on the 2st of June next, in the following proportions-viz. :-One new small share tobe allotted to the holder Of every large old share ; two now s-maU- -sh-a-res t-o be allotted to the holder of every seven old small shares; and, in order to avoidfractional shares, the holder of three old small shares only, or having a remainder of three shares, shaU be allotted one new share; the holder of six old small shares only, or having a remainder of six, shall be allotted two new shares. This distribution will absorb about 13,000 of the number of shares to be issued, and the remainder it is intended to issue hereafter to the customers and sup. porters of the company's branches at a premium to be regulated by the market price, and in the way best calculatod to increase its local influence and comnesion. JUpon tho new issue 10Z. will be called up on each share, as follows,-an instalment of 51. to be paid on or before the 31st of July next, and the remaining instalment of 5Z. in July, 1857. After this measure has been fully carried out the bank's paid-up capital will amount to 600,0001." The amount paid into the treasury of the East India-house for biLs on India from the 23d of April to the 8th inst. was 152,6451. At the colonial wool sales, which commenced this evenng, there Was a very lge attendance of buyers, and an average improvement took place of lid. per lb. The total quantity to be offered is about 53,000 bales. The returns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the 12th of April, when added together, give the following as thie average week;lycirculation of these banks during theaI past month-viz. . Av-erage circulation of the Irish banks ...... £6,474,742 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 3,783,383 Average circulation during past month ... £10,258,125 On comparing the above with the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Banking Alrna.a. the following appearx tobe the stateof thecirculation:- The Irish banks are above their fixed issue .. 120 248 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 696,174 Total above the fixed ise . 816,422 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks during the past month have been as follows Gold and silver held by the rish banks . £2,122,893 Gold aud silver held by the Scotclh banks *.. 1,680424 Total of gold and silver held .3,803,317 The above statemen.ts complete the returns of the circulation in England, Scotland, and lreland for the month ending the 12th of April, which were partly inserted in The Times of the 8th inst. These returns, combined with the averaae circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, will give the following results of the circulation of notes in the united kdngdom when compared with fhA -nrAviniiq nln+h v I Showing an increase of 871,8621. in the circulation of notes in England, and an increase of 718,6611. in the circulation of the united kingdom, when, compared with the month ending the 15th of Mlarch. And, as compared with the month ending the 14th of April, 1865, the above returns show a decrease of 547,2291. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 494,5021. in the circulation of the united kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 12th of April was 10,244,454W., being a decrease of 325,3001. as compared with the previous month, and a decrease of 4,812,7071. when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irish banks during the month ending the 12th of April was 3,803,3171., being a decrease of 73,1151. as compared w ith the previous return, and an increase of 195,3921. when compared vith the corresponding period last year. The following, on the colonial produce-markets during the past month, is from Messrs. W. J. and H. Thompson:- "The extreme stringency of the money-market, despite the large arrivals of gold, the continuous pressing demand, and the probability of another e'n, combo ed with the yet unsettled state of political affairs at home and abroad continue to operate as a check on the vigorous development of commercial matters generally. The colonial markets in the beginning of themanth displayed much heaviness, and lower rates were generally quoted. This, however, has been gradualy displaced by symptoms of improvement, and tbe decline has in some nstances been recovered. Tho demand for sugar was materialy impaired, both by the numerous arrivals andthe pause that generaUbyensues after a series of large transactdons, and prices fell ls. to ls. 6d. per cwt. Afer this a gradually increasing demand arose, esnorters beig very large purchasers, the continental rates being h gher than OUrS, which enables them to realize very freely. Rum has lately been latgely dealt in, at an advance of tdh per gallon, chiefly on the good qualities. The inferior descriptions of coffee have been but little inquired for; and these classes, comprising chiefly a portion of the new crop of pbantation Ceylon offcred in tho beginning of the month, oent at lower quotations. Subsequently, from the late arrivals, the coloury kinds have been more plentifully sup. plied, and have sold at higher rates. Rice, owing to the large stocks held and the state of the corn-market, fecU 6d. per cwt., but has lately reeovered. The removal of the terdicetion onsaltpetrhas not benefited this staple; the fine qualities, which compose the chief quortion of the stock have declined 2s. 6d. to 3s. per cwt., but the lower kinds have not suffered to so full an extent. A cargo of nitrate of soda of common quality, suitable for agricultural purposes, was disposed of at a fall of ls. per cwt., hrt the fine classes have not suffered any deterioration. Large arrivals of spice have been brounht to sale, and lower rates have been generally aecepted. Tse cinnamon quarterly sales went off rather quietly, butwithout much alteration in prices. Indigo has also been in moderate demand. Several transactions of importance took place in cotton, at an advance of bd. pcer lb.; lately the market is very qunet. The silk-market has not been so buoyant as heretofore, owing to the exscessive imports that have late ly come to hand. The tea-market has been flat and inactive, and a further fall of ld. per lb. has taken place in most descriptions of medium congou. Shipping quality remains nommnally at 9d. per lb., but without any demand."
TRADE REPORT. Thursday Evening. SUGAR.-There were various public sales of foreign sugar to-day, but nearly the whole was taken in, as holders required advancedl rates. The following are the particulars : -423 hogsheads, 55 tierces, 4 barrels, and 5b63bxes Cubalow to goad yellow, 4Ts. to 45s. 6d.;, very fine, 49s. Gd. to 52s.p per cut.; 3,023 boxes Havannah-brown, 39s. to 42s.; gray, 41s. Gd. to 44s.; good and fine yellow, 4s. to 5. flurettes, 51s. to 52s.; whites, 5os. per cwt.; 233 cases and 803 bag Bahia-wThtes, 43s. to 45s. fdm; browns, 38s. 6d. to 43s. of West India 254 hogsheads have been disposd of. Privat-ely 800 boxes Havannah axe reported at 41s. to 41s. 6d. per cwt. ; 200 boxes white, in bond, at 38s. per cwt.; and 6,000 bags clayed M-anilla, at 41s. per cwt. -A floating cargo of Cuba muscovado is also spoken of as having been sold at 29s. pr cwt. for the united kidngdom. CorygE.-There have been no public sales to-day. Rror.-Of 6,497 bags brought forward only about 500 basgood pearly white Bengal sold at 12s. to 12s. 6d. per cu.The bulk of the remainder consisted of yellow cargo rice, and was withdrawn at 8s. to Ss. 3d. per cwt, T&Ar.Owk.-The market is firmner; 45s. Gd. to 9cd. is paid on the spot, and 46s. 6d. for delivery in the last three months.
THE CORN TRADE. XANOH7-qWMR A.- R alce flour trade since our last report hasmaintained a very firm toneoanid buyers have beea compelled to pay rather higher rates for sruperior and approved qualitiesofPbeotghEngliyh ahnedforeign, owing to their comrrramtie scarcity, while secondary sorts havo been neglected, although offered at previous rates. On the whole, considerable caution has marked the uoceedlgs of the trade, and tho amount of business traensaetedd hbas beenh2 otnly moderate. Other articles have likewise The arrivals at }iverpool from all sources are this week on a very At our market this morning the attendance was only moderate. Tlhe best descriptions of wheat were generallyheld for somewvhat higher pries3, wvhich millers being unwilling to give, but fev, transactions occurredL Flour was in very limited requese but holders firmly insisted onexreme rates forthned beattetr qualtriees. 6uats and oattmeal sold more arthcles there was nO change. B I'SNGIIAM MWY S. At Gloceater and Worcester markett, on the Id. wheat was about ro inreasesepPly bUt the advanee raW Beam~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ak -' taWed their value During the presentweek few transactions are reported in wheat, and the value is nominally unaltered. Barley firm,but net lvely. Oats sel frely atpreiou raes.Beas hld orsome adance, which checks!the demand At W-t rh- mp,, e. yesterday, twheat trade ruled dull, at an improvement in price of barely is per quarter. At this day'marke therewasafairsupplyof wheat, which sold GLOCEST'jG, bu.y S. We have had occasional showers;- stil under the inuence of easterly winds the weather is cold and ungenlal. Since ours of thns day se'niight the wheat trade has aasumed a fimer tone, and with mod rate supplies from farmers they are unwilling sellers unless at an advane o fuly s. erquater Frsh oregnwould sell freely at a Improvement of s. per quarter,while stale desriptions, whichare- andoaie Luntaweek wet b itva o prodrYeashin either. . el wa, 'The od ari¶s costwso a's RSTL frm rland S. ,iZno mdm weathe notied in ur latName cotinue rs, greatly retarding all vegetation. Atethiresuppy o Bulishwisst,anda feth adanc tofwns aer quarterwas realizd. Fin forei in nst, at atticreslat.tproemfUaent bef stae lw qaltie reainneleced.F qur, eds. to D. ersc dearer Fin ve brliey cuntnds fullprc; orudine -wth turn cheaper. TOat Sifos lastlweek weoha e h td dr weathrwth roide eastrl hwinds. thden arntvlay coatheiabe andfo dinnr for k¶aor beene on anyoderteI scle'o from? abrcoad by.n apthelde theary.compied i,-10 qurtrs Inf Thes higer account fonsthen sbouth causin dOealer o ds tohpatemee
TEE ToBAcco DuTY.-The very high duties laid upon tobacco by several nations of Europe-many hundred per cent. of its cost price here-and the monopoly in the sale of it for the purpose of extracting a heavy tax from the consumers, maintained by other nations, have for many years been an occasion of loud complaints on the part of our tobacco-growers. They entertain the idea that theseI very heavy taxes levied upon the consuin tion of tobacco greatly curtail the use of the article, and that if it could be had throughout Europe at American prices, its consumpion would be very ,,reatly extended. There are many articles as to which this doctrine would be quite applicable. A. diminution of one-half in the price of cotton, sugar, or flour would, no doubt, lead to a very extended consumption :of those articles; and, on the other hand, the imposition of a duty by which their cost to the consumers would he doubled or quadrupled, would greatly diminish their consUmiption. But tobacco seems to be an article to which this rule does not apply, except to a limited extent, and it is for that very reason that the Governments of Europe have been able to tax it so highly. Chewers and smokers will have their indulgence regardless of the expense, which, after all, with all the taxation levied upon this fragrant weed, does not pass a limit beyond the means of most labouring men-the article being produced at a very moderate price, and the quantity being quite limited to which the most inveterate smoker or chewer is able to consume. Some statistical inquiries on the subject lately laid before Congress tend to confirm this view of the case. Erom these documents it appears that here, in the United States, where tobacco juice is so vigoronsly squirted in all possible directions, and where it is almost impossible, at least in any public place, to escape the puffing of tobacco smoke in your face, the consumption of the article does not exceed two pounds ten ounces to each inhabitant. Hence it is apparent that under the most favourable circumstances its use will always be kept within pretty narrow limits. The people of Europe, exclusive of Ruissia, notwith standing the heavy duties by which the article is burdened, consume now about two-thirds of that amount, It appeams also, from the same documents, that although the growing of tobaccois prohibited in Great Britain and some other European countries, yet that the total of the European crop somewhat exceeds the total crop of the United States, whence it is reasonable to conclude that an increase in the oonsumption would not redound exclusively to the benefit of our Amnerican growers. The attempt persevered in for so many years and so constantly repeated, to induce the Governments of Europe to alter their 'policy on this subject, seems to us little better than childish. Can those Governments be expected to abandon a source of revenae at once so lucrative and so unexceptionable, merely togratify the American tobacco-growers? lf tobacco had about it any nourishing or even any stimulating quality, the Governments of Em-opo might be supposed to have some inducementfor desiring to see its use extended. But as it is merely a narcotic, of which beth the moral and physical eects upon those 'who use it are of a very dubious character, Governments have rather an interest in dimin-sisng its use than inextendingit, except so far as usethatmaybeasoirc of revenue. Indeed the interests of cleanliness and decncy, let alone those of health, weuld seem to afford abundant reasens why any civilized Government shoild reject with disdan our diplomatic efforts en behalf of free tobacco. In fact, wecarc strongly inclined to believe that more than one of our foreign envoys has affordedin. hiss own personal habits more than a counterbalce to al his politicf azd cofQUmi cal arguments,-Nw YK* Tri*?fl ,
AILVAY XZELZrOENCE. REPORTS OF COMMflTEES ON RATr.WAV -RT.Tr CORK; AN'D VeT2 lord K&RBY VANE reported from the committee that the words authorized by tae bill are to be made out of the moneys which the company have already power to I There is to be one tunnel, which wij be 132 yards inlengtb. The length of the proposed new line is I mile * chains,d is to be constructed on the rish gauge of 5 feet 3 - ,The steepest grsAdient is 1 in 200, and the estimated coct of the new worha is 100,001. The quantity of land requiied is 12 acres. Mr. Brnnel was the engineer examined in sipport of the bill and Mr. Lefanue was examined in oppositioa to it. The committee -were satiefied of the fitnessifian enginecring point of view of the proposed railway. I &rOx, DUNSTARLE, A2ND WELWYN - Sir E. HysNs reported from the committee that the deviation powver to constract which is sought by the bill is to be executed out of funds which are at present a,thojized to be raised by the company. The length of the proposed deviation is 4 furlongs and 9 chans, and the steepe.t gradient is 1 in OL The expense of the prooed devi*tion is estimated at 3,9241. The quantity of land required s31 acres. Mr. Birkenshaw was the engineer examined insup. port of the hill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness mn an engineenng point of view of the proposed deviatio. LONDoN, TinLuny, A?D SoUTfRND (ENSIo,J) Sir B. HAvi-s reported from the committee on this 'bil that the additional capital proposed to be raised bytho Eastern Counties and London and Blackwall Eailway Companies, the promotersof the bill, is 1DN,00NL, the same bein intended to form part of the London, Tilbury, and Southend extension shares; and the amount of loan which they are empowered to raise is 50.0001. The length of the main line is 4 miles 2 furlongs, and of the north branch to the North Woolwich Railway 27.; chains, and the south branch 223 chains. It is intended to cross one public road on a level The quantity of land required for the extension is 42l acres, and the estimated cost of the railway is 150,0001. Ifr. J. Fowler was the engineer examined in support of the Mill, and the committee were satisfied ofthefitnessin an engineering point of view of the proposed lines of railway. MILAN~D. Mfr. FRTzRoY reported from the committee that the olAject of the bill is to enable the MWidland Railway Comyany to raise additional capital. The committee had examined the alegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and had amended the same by stating the particular purposes for which the additional capital is required, and found the same, as amended, to be true. VAIX OF CLAVYD. Mfr. nRzYoYrreportedfrom the committee on this: bill that the proposed capital of the company is 60M00OM., and the amount of loan 20,0001. There are 112 shareholders who may be considered as having a local interestt i the line, and the amount of capital subscribed for by them is 10,05OZ. There are nine other parties, andtho capital taiken by them is 34,9501. The length of the railway is 10 miles 7. chains, and it is intended to form a junction with the Chester and Holyhead Railway. It is proposed to crosone road on the leveL The estimated cost of the rail= v s 60,0001., and the quautity of land required 98i acres. -r Piercywas the engineer examined in support of the biU, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an enzineernn point of view of the proposed railway. The comlmtteehaw examined the allegations contained in the preamble of, the bill, and amended the same by omitting a recital statingtho expediency of emPoWering the Chester and Holyhead and the London andaorth-Westernailway Companies to enter into arrangements for the use of the railway, in order to make the same in accordance with the provisions of the bill, and had found the same to be true. D,tERi VAnE}. Mr. LAsGELLEs reported from the committee that the parties promoting the bill had stated to the committeethat it was not their intention to proceed with the same. CAN-OCK MINZERAL. Sir T. E. PERRY reported from the committee that thoy had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and the same had not been proved to their satisfaction.
I LOCAL DUES UPON SHIPPINCJ. This committee met yesterday in room No. 11, Mr. lowa in the chair. Mr. Eeeling, Mrayor of Salford, said the question of the town dues of Liverpool had attracted great attention in Salford for several years past, and the general opinion was that the corporation of Liverpool had no right to levy such a tax. They claimed to exact the dues, but disclaimed any obligation to make a return for them, and witness Relieved that at common law no such right as that which was asserted by the corporation of Liverpool could exist, and he was not aware of any precedent for sach an impost. The only limit to these dues was in the discretion of the corporation. - By Ar. H-*DTLAM.-The reason why no objections had been made to the imposition of these dues u-ntil the' las few years 'was that the subject had not beforc been inquired into so folly, and the injustice of the tax was not so clearly understood; directly this 'was ascertained endeavours were meade to bring the matter before the Government and'Pac. hanment. By the CRAiRMA,_N.-He was clearly of opinion that it was a case for the intervention of Parliament. Witness was about to explain the operrtion of the Mumicipal Corporation Act, when Sir J. Dfuckworth movedthat the room be cleared. The committee having remained in consultation for an hour, the parties were readmitted; and in answer to a quastion from the chairman witness said he thought, if the question of the legality of the dues had been raised at the time of the passing of the Municipal Act, some clause would have been inserted to protect the public interests. By Mr. IIEADLA.-If the original grant were produced some obligation woald be found to attach to the collection of these dues. By Mr. WAsTo.-To establish the legality of tho impo. sition of the dues under a grant from the Crown, he conceived it necessary that such dues should be proved to be the same as those originally levied, or, in other words, to prove continuity and similarity; and this coula not be established. He could not refer to any document to prove that the dues were clothed with any trust, but his reading, of the law was that there must be some druty performed in return for the powerto levy dues. By Mr. HO5CFALLS-;eC still maintained that the. dues were levied arbitrarily and without imit, notwithstandinthepublicationof thetariff becausesuch tariff was variea from tiime to time, and many articles werenot mentioned in By Mr7. HEALLAx.-He denied the right of the Crown to grant dues upon property not in its possession at the time. or upon articles which were not imported at the period when the grant was made. By the CHAaRiANc.-All prescription iniplied a grant, and no grant could be made of dues upon articles unknown at thu time being. Mr. Newland, of Liverpool, general merchant, said his attention had been directed to the Liverpool town dues. He complained especially of the tax upon salt, which amounted to 5 per cent. on the cost of the exported article. This was a very injutrious impost on trade, and prevented its expansion. The trade in salt had been increasing of late years, and was subject to large competition from works on the Mediterranean, Cadiz, Lisbon, St. Ube's, and other Places. He objected generally to the levying of town daes on irticles of import and export, and believed it would be greatly to the advantage of Liverpool if some compensation were made to it and the town dues altogether abolished. This would remove a serious grieVanCe, and it would also be an additional benefit if tho distinction at present existing between freemen and non-freemen were done aw4 ay. W itness was not prepared to suggest the mode of compensation, hut thought that, as the corporation had a title to! these daes, which had been recognized by act of Parliament, Government should make some compensation to the town The dutes were decidedly an encutmbrance to trade, and their removal would afford great facilities to the trade of Live .L e objected to the Weaver dues, which 'were double ount of the town dues, and on such an article as salt the tax 4wa most oppressive. The amount of the town dues he paid for salt in the last year was 2501., and 1001. for other articles. By Mr. DiNchA?.-He had exported 10,O0 tons of salt during the past year, upon which, had he been a freeman, he should have saved the town dues of Gd. a:ton. Mr. Heron, town-clerk of Yanchester, was recaLed, and put in returns of the poor and other rates in the townships of Manchester from the years 1851 to 1S55, and stted that a suna of upwards of 541,000!. had been expended by the corporation within the city, and 'which smhahl been repaid by single proprietors within the las 20 years. N'o other witnesses being in attendance, the committee adjourned until Thursday, Mfay 22.
STATE OF TADF. MANCESTEEB, x 8. The market continues firm, but qpLiet. WMhile buyers hold aloof from operations, under an impression that the cotton-market must soon give way, and that manufacturers will then be easier to deal with, the latter are in many cases withdrawing such limited stocks as they possess from the market, under an impression that it will be safo to hold over. More timid men of business on both sides are willing to meet each other half way, and henoo there is little business doing &t easier prices. Generally spealdng, however, the market is inactive. The samo remark applies to yarns. Cops are generally held fir-mly, but buyers7for export have been able to obtain a slight concession in yarns, which are in good supply.
DEATH OF A CoNVCT ThOM EXCESS OF FAT.- On Tuesda week an inquest was held on board the Breton, hospital ship, in Portsmouth harbour, on the body of a conVit named James Boodle, who died rather suddenly under fte following circumstance:-The deceased, it appears, was not under medical charge, but had becn plSoed on-bond the gtWhng CaWtle, because he Wa not consdered tobe qute right in his mdin. On SaturdaJy wee he was at work min the oakum-shed in the dockyard, when he was taken with aomiting, which became so -iolent that he ws taken to the hospital-ship He grduay becme worse, and died the next day. ahe medical offloer could amsign no oause for the death of the deeased, and, therefore, by the direction of coroner, made a post morem examination of the body. It was then found that nearly the whole .f the internal organs were covered with an enormous quantity of fat, to the ax. tent, in some plce, of two or three inches in thicknest This socumrationof fat was observed also over the whole of the body, cawisng congestion of nearly the whole of the sys. tern, more especially the brain. The evidence also went to show that the deceased had been in the habit of eating ul everthing he could lay hold of in the shape of food tht had n served ont to other pnsoner. Th ureturned a verdict of "Died from congestion of the ur, cased by an extreme accumulation of Iat,'V-Don Coui;ty (Thro- [Advertisement.3-ducation is advantageous as a means o eupefe ducton Jh r Ca rbt may ,b reda com prehema,roducaionl zr&a inie-nds io affordtibeoPoDrtuit, i acquiring soud, practical, sad useful iowled5e thr,oh th rmedium ofhIs entrety tnew 'work- namely. John Ceel'&,ucsc 1iLd, to be contnuedwfeekl. Each number conssts orfc 02ctayo. with diagas -The comse commences w ith ' Scienee Ppu.w laryExplained," r 4LOe0 questions on varous brancbr: of sithoo, wit pain andwo,intelligiblle . ;ne ysien S~ ,fO ii
LAW REpoRT. 400UOIJR OF' CHANWCERY, L.NCIN.-%- Ir,q DREW V. SHErDn)\- tuclr- tMC LORS JUSTICES of APFEAJl xne particulars of this appeal from an order of Vice. Cancelor Kindersley v.ere fully reported in 7he Times. after the argument, which took place on the 13th and 15th of._,Ypril. so Selwyn and Mr. Brown .ere for the plaintiff; Mr. Daily anid .lr. W. Pea.rsoni for the defendant, the respondlent. lord Justice KNsIGHT BRUCE said the case came before the Court upon a dispute from the Isle oE Wight relating to a taverm account ann accommodation bills between an innkeper and a frequenter of inns, and whose acquaintance becoming too intimate and friendship too great they fell out, and there was a seizure of goods and a bill in Chancery. Tinder the latter a decree, apparently satisfactory to both pates, was made by Vice-Chancellor Kinderaley on the 28th of July, 1854. That decree ordered inquiries whether at the time of the seizure of the goods and the maliing of the decree any sums were due to the plaintiff from the defendant and from the defendant to the plaintiff, and the same as to the tavern bills. During the inquiries both Mr. Drew, the host, and Mr. Shedden, the guest, were examined virsd roce, both before the chief clerk of the Vice-Chancellor and before his gonour himself, and upon the assertioDs and counter-assertions, and the greater or lesser weight to be placed upon them, the correctness or incorrectness of the result of the inquiries depended. The result was certified, and tlh ViceChancellor approved of his certificate refusing to disturb it, *ith costs. That application was made by Mr. Taylor, the assignee in insolvency of Mr. Drew, and an appeal from that refusal. was now to be disposed of. The questions were mnerely questions of fact, depending upon the degree of credit to be given to the testimony on either side, there being a certain quantity of contradictory and irreconcileable swearing, but there was ample evidence to support the certificate of a trustworthy nature. The case had been extremnely wleU argued, and his Lordship had given full aLttention to it, and had read the whole of the evidencea, and found it impossible to say that the amount of probability vas contrary to the finding of the clerk and the decision of the Vice-Chancello:r. This Court had not thought it necessary to examine either Mr. Drew or Mfr. Shedden, but if they had been examined his Lordship's opinion was that lie should have decided as the Vice-Chancellor had done, for, without disrespect to either gentleman, the evidence of Mr. Drew by itself was not very weighty, nor was that of Mir. Shedden, standing alone, quite overpowering. Those gentle. 3nen, howvever, wvere not the only wvitnesses, and the result wasthat the motion should be ref used aith costs. WLord Justice Tusu'ut wholly concurred, and expressed his regret that in a case of such a nature it vas not in the power of the Court to inflict additional costs. The question of interest on any mnoney found due was re.served for further consideration before the Vice-Chancellor, if either party thought fit to raise it.
ROLLS' COURT. C}A'CERY-TNE MAY S BORYAS V. LLOYD.-JnDGMENT. (Before the MASTER of the RoLLs.) n tmis case the two points in issue were-fist, whether a sum of 3S. 7s., which' had been tendered to a gentleman residing at Hereford, with his subpcena, to appear before the examiner andgie evidence was sufficient to render it obligatory on him to obey the subpwena; and, secondly, whether a witness from the country was obliged to travel on a Sunday on his return home, in order to save the parties expense, or whether he coul(l not remain at their expense in London until the}Ionday. It appeared from the affidavits used upon this application, which was to discharge an attachment, issuedfordisobedience to the subpi.na, that theactual outlay which the witness would have incurred in travelling would have e:xceeded the amount which had been tendered to him, and that he required Gl. to be paid to him immediately, instead of the 31. 7s., and an undertaking from the attorney of the parties subpcenaing him for any further sum to whlich the taxing-master of the court might pronounce him to be entitled. His HoNouR said that ho would not decide the question as to whether a witness was obliged to travel on a Sunday or not undersuchcircumstances,as, afterconsultingwith the taxing-mnaster on the facts of the case, he had come to the conclusion that the Nitness had not insisted upon anything unreasonable in requiring the sum of Ct. to be raid to him in the first instance, and an undertaking given to him for any further sum to which he might be entitled. The at tachhment, therefore, issued against the witness for not appearing to the subpyena must be discharged, and with costs.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS. TDIRSDAY aWAV R BLU1JT V. LACK. Befo-rC Vice-C7zancdlor SirR. T. JLDERsiEY;.) 'I is case, which was argued on the 26th of April, came on for further consideration, and to vary the certificate of his Honour's chief clerk, under these circumstances Richard J. T. Blunt, being seized of certain lands at Step. ney, held under the custom of the city of London, of which he was a freeman, twice married; by the first marriage having a sonz, an only child, and by the second marriage two children, settlements being made on both marriages, realty and personalty being settled by the former, with a trust to sell, and personalt- only by the lattes-, in 'which there was a clanse that the wviovw should not be barred of her dower; and there was a clause for advancement in the first settlement, under wvhich the son had money advanced to him. R. J. T. Blunt then died intestate, and, an administration sumamons being taken out in chambers, the questions which arcse were what shares the widow and son took in such estates as were not included in the settlements, having regard to those instruments, and -what the parties had done under them. According to the custom of London, an intestate freeman's real estate is divisible into three parts, the widow's part, the orphanage part, and the dead man's part, -which last became again divisible under the Statute of DListributions. The chief clerk had found the value of the realty and personalty, that the Nwidow -was entitled to certain Ehares, but that the heir must bring into hotchpot so miuch in value as he had received by wvay of advancement, before he could tale anything according to the customn. To this certificate the heir excepted, contending that the property settled being realty the custom did not apply, and that the widow by the settlement was barred of her customary righ'ts, or, if not, being expressed to be not barred by that settlement of her dower, was thereby, by implication, barred of lier customary share ; vhereas the widow and children insisted that the property advanced was personalty, there being a trust to sell, and that the wsidow was not barred of her customary rights by mere implication. Mr. Swanstonand Mr. Freeling appeared for the heir, MIr. Baily and M1r. Greene appeared for the two other children, Mr. Glasse and MIr. C. Hall for the ,Widow-, and MIr. Prescott for the executors. His HONOtR directed a reference to the Lord Mlayor's Court as to the widow's rights under the custom, and reserved his decision on the other questions. The VICE-CIIANCELLOR now said that it appeared to him that so far as this Court could determine the question arising in this case it ought to do so, and to ask for the opinion of the Lord layor and aldermen of the city of London by the moutlh of their Recorder as to the others. His Honour then referred to the different indentures of settlement, and expressed his opinion to be that under the first settlement of May, 1S43, tlere was a conversion out and out, and that the interest of the infant heir was contingent upon his attaining 21. Wlhat his Honour therefore proposed to do -was to embody a short statement of the f.cts upon certain questions, arsing out of which the Court of Chancery desired the certificate of the Lord Mayor and aldermen by their Recorder, assuming that the Court was of opinion that there v as a conversion, and that the infant's interest was contingerAt; the questions being w hether, according to the custom of thc city of London, the infant, in order to be entitled to participate in the orphanage part, must bring into hotchpot the proceeds of the sale of the freeholds comprised in the settlement of 1843; and, if so, how the anmount should be ascertained, and wvhether he must, to be Eo entitled, bring into hotchpot certain personalty settled on the second marriage, and how the value should be ascertained; whetler the widow, by the settlement of 150, was barred of lier customary rights; with a hypothetical question as to the infant bringing into hotchpot any sum cnharged upon the lands in question, to obviate the inconvenience of there being no custom applicable to the first question. IN RE TIEE VsNDISNG-.U ACTS.-ra RE TSE MAISYLEEBONE Mrr. COLE moved in this matter to reverse the decision of the Master, whereby he had declined to make any further cadl en the shareholders of the harylebone Bank, on the grounid that aU the calls on the 251. shares constituted by the deed had been paid up. This banking company carried on business up to the Year 1846, not under any special act of Parliament, but under the General Banking Act (7th George IV.), and before the Registration Act. WVhen the bank ceased to carry on business large sums remained in their hands belonging to customers, which sums had all been paid to such customers by some of the shareholders in the bank, Mr. Troutbeck having paid 5,20(61., the Rev., damuel Edmund Walker, D.D., who was a director also, having paid 11,400!., and other parties smaller sums. In 1848 an order was made to wind up this company, and was in his Honour's office when master, and such order was now in course of prosecution before Sir George Rose; 2.3,59t,l. was now due upon sucl advances. Before the order to wind up ll. per 251. share had been paid, 41. per share more had been since paid, and the official manager proposed to make tw-o further calls-one of 101. and another of 111.- -which would exceed the 251. by that san; and, the Master having made an order for the 10!. call, making the full sum of 250., w hich no one chaUenged, had declined to make such last call of 111., and the representatives of the Rev. Samuel Edmmid Walker now objected to suclsdecision, the question beig whether the liability of shareholders was limited to the amount of their shares, or whether they were generally liable for losses. The motion was founded chiefly upon the 12th clause of the deed of settlement, which pro-videdthat eve shareholder should be interested in the profits and ib e for the losses n proportion to their shares. Mr. Smythe appeared for Mr BiUlett, a shareholder who had made a payment to customers, and supported the application; Mir. Hetherington, for Mr. Troutbeck, likewise suppOrtd it; Mr. Ro.xburgh appeared for the official manager; Mr. Glasse andMr. Southgate opposed it, on behalf ofiheU Earlfof Harrmnnton; Mr. Baujy and Sir Walter tiddell motor 3r. MWalclainand another contributory, opposed The VICE-CismNcELLor. thought that the Master was wrong inthe ground upon which he had declined to make a call, and nmerely on that dry, abstract ground he begged respectfually to differ from him, and the matter must go back to the Master to review his decisioni. The deed inthis cas contained an express stipulation that each shareholder shoiuld be libleafor te e losn prprtion to his shares. No doubt there might be at speciar"con'btract that parties should contribute to capital, but not be liable beyond a certain making the present call, but on the ground he had taken he must review his decision. (Before iee-Chauneelor Sir J. STUAET,T BRIGG V. BEAJRDSELL. Tnis was a motion for an injunction to restrain the defendants from selling all mohair cloth which, since the 7th of December last, they had, for any other person than the plaintiff, finished, either entirely or partially, with a particular style of finish, calledthe " Whirlpool iohair finis,"or with a style of finish not materially differing therefrom, or being a fraudulent imitation thereof; and to restrain the defendants until the 1st of June niext from finishing any mohair cloth in the style before-mentioned, except only such mohair cloth as the defendants might be employed by the plaintiff to finish for him ; and fron. finishing after the 1st of June next any mohair cloth according to the style before-mentioned for any persons, except the plaintiff, who, to the knowledge or belief of the defendants, intend to ship the same, or sell it for shipment to any country ont of Great Britain and Ireland. The plaintiff carries on business at Huddersfield, and has for some time past been engaged in supplying cloths to American merchants and others. The defendants are cloth manufacturers and finishers, and they also have a warehouse at Huddersfield, their works being at Honley, about four niles' distant from Huddersfield. In December last the defendants entered into an agreement with the plaintiff to finish for his exclusive use until the 1st of June next not less than a certain quiantity of mohair cloth, according to a particular style of finish of mohair cloth registered in the defendants' name in the Designs-office, and usually known as the "Whirlpool mohair finish," and that after the 1st of June next the defendants would not finish any mohair cloth according to the style beforementioned for any other person or persons except the plaintiff, who, to the knowledge or belief of the defendants, intended to ship the same or sell the same for shipment to any country out of Great Britain or Ireland. The plaintiff alleged that the defendants had been filiuhing mohair cloth for other persons in the style called "Whirlpool mohair finish," or in a style not materiallv differing therefrom, in violation of the agreement of December last. The defendants, on the other hand, contended that the mohair cloth wshich theyhad finished in the mauner complained of by the plaintiffwas not finished according to the "Whirlpool mohair finish," hut according to twvo other designs, one of which was called the " Astrachan finich." A good deal of evidence was gone into on each side. Mr. Elmsley and Mn. George Lake were for the plaintiff, and Mr. Malins and Mr. H. J. Wood for the defendants The VICE-CIIA?cELLOR said that he thought that the case of the plaintiff was completely established, and that too in a great degree on the evidence on behalf of the defendants. He should make an order for an injunction in the terms of the notice of motion, extending the injunction, however, to the two styles of finish complained of by the plaintiff. (Before Vice-ChancellorSir W. P. WOOD.) The VICE-C5LLNCELLOR, after disposin- of the motions, none of which presented any point of putlic interest, -was engaged with the casc of RE LLOYD. B.iCER V. MASON. Vhich involved the construction of an obsucre and illpenned wlvl. Mr. Bolt, Mr. Willcock, Mr. Daniel, Mr. W. M1. James, Mr. Beavan, Mr.LW. I. Terrell, Mr. Tripp, and Mr. Hetherintnapae for the several parties. his HOoNoR reserved judgment.
COURT OF QUENS BENCH, WEs1nzsTs. MtY 8. TUE QUEEN (EX PARTE THE PARISH O1CERS OF NAPTON) V. RUNT. (Sittings in Banco, before Lord CA3IPBELL and Justice WIGHTMAUT,, ERLE, and CRO.WTON.) This was a rule for a certiorari to bring up the disallowance of a poor law auditor, wherebythe sum of 261. 1Ss. 9d., paid by the parish officers of TNapton to their attorney, had been disallowed. The sum in question bad been paid by the parish officers to their attorney, in respect of services rendered by him in connexion with the removal of a pauper, but the attorney's bill had not been taxed by the dlerk of the peace. When the accounts came before the auditor he struck out and disallowed the whole of the charge, upon the ground that it had been illegally incurred The parish officers contended that the auditor was wrong in the decision to which he had conie, and obtained a rule for a certiorari to bring up the disallowance, in order that the decision might be reviewed by this Court. Mfr. Serjeant HiYES and MIr. HALL now showed cause against the rule, and contended that the certiorari would not lie in this case. By the 39th section of the 7th and 5th Victoria, c. 101, it was enacted that on the application of any overseer, board of guardians or attorney, it should be the duty of the clerk of the peace to tax any bill due to any solicitor or attorney in respect of business performed on behalf of any parish, and that " the allowance of any sum on such taxation shall be primd facie evidence of the reasonableness of the amount, but not of the legality of the charge," &c., and " if any such bill be not taxed before it is presented to the auditor, the auditor's decision on the reasonableness as well as the legality of the charges shall be final" Here the bill bad not been taxed by the clerk of the peace, and consequently the decision of the auditor was final as to the legality of the charge, by the express words of the 39th section. The certiorari was only given by the act under the circumstancesreferred to in the 35th section. Mr. PASHENY, Q.C., and Mir. Bi'rTLESTors supported the rule, and contended that the word "final" in the 39th section must receive some limitation, and be understood to mean that the decision of the auditor was to be final until steps were taken under the 35th section to review his decision. Lord CAirrszELl said he was of opinion that the certiora-i. would not lie in this case. The point was as clear as any he had ever seen. The 35th section gave a certiorari, under the circumstances therein mentioned ; but the 39th section, as clearly as language could speak, enacted that in the circumstances specified in the case before the Court, there could be so certiorari. It enacted that " if any such bill be not taxed before it is presented to the auditor, the auditor's decision on the reasonableness as well as the legality of the charges shall be final." Here the attorney's bill had not been taxed, and, consequently, the decision of the auditor as to its "legality" was final. He (Lord Campbell) thoulght that only one meaning could be given to the word " final," andthe Court were bound to put that interpretation upon it. 'The other Judges were of the same opinion. Rule discharged, without costs. CATTLIN V. W%ESTROP. This was a rule calling upon Messrs. Shearman and Slater the defendant's attorneys, to show cause why they shoulk' not pay to the ulaintiff the sum of 491. 3s. 2d. it appeared that the plaintiff had brought an action against the defendant on a bill of exchange for 491. 3s. 2d. The defendant pleaded to the action, but ultimately his nlea was withdrawn, on the payment of costs, and an undertaking given by the defendant's attorneys, that if the plaintiff would give the defendant time till the 7th of March, in case the defendant should make default, they would pay the plaintiff the amount of the debt. The defendant made default, and his attorneys not paying the money, the present rule was granted to compel them. Mr. BARNARD now appeared on the part of fr. Shearman, who knew nothing about the action, and contended that the giving of the undertaking was not witllin the scope of the partnership authority so as to bind his client. Mr. GRDEASY appeared for Slater, and contended that, as the plaintiff had brought an action against the attorneys on the undertaking, he was not entitled to take this summary proceeding, MIr. PssREcE said a writ of summons had been issued, but the officer had not been able to see either of the parties at their office. Lord CA3MPBELL said no defence appeared, and he believed none existed. If Slater, as sole attorney, had given the undertaking, the Court would enforce it. It appeared there had been an action on a bil of exchange, to which there was no defence. It was agreed that the costs should be paid down, and that time should be given; and, in that case, the attorney undertook to pay the money, in case the defendant should make default. He (Lord Campbell) thought the rule ought to be made absolute as against Slater. If Slater had appeared to the action, that would have been an answer to this application; but, as he had evaded the writ, the plaintiff was in as good a situation as if he had brought no action. Mr. BAINxARD applied that the rule against his client (Shearman) should be discharged with costs. Lord C,"iPsrELL,-No, no; moraly speaking, he is liable as weU as Slater. Rule absolute against Slater. Discharged as against Shearman. THE QUEEN V. TUCK. Mr. EDNwys; JA:mEs, Q.C. (with whom was Mrr. Creasy) said in this case a ruLle had been granted against Mr. Tuck, the proprietor of the Railwcay Times, for a criminal information for a libel contained in that journal, reflecting on MIr. Bruff, the engineer of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. He (Mr. James) had spoken with his learned friend the Attorney-General on the subject, and the matter had been arranged upon terms. Mr. Tuck wished to withdraw all imputation on the personal character of Mr. Braff. The question was one for public discusion, but lhe withdrew all imputation of personal misconduct. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said Mr. Bruff complained that the article in question was not a fair criticism on his public conduct. But, as the imputation bad been entirely with. drawn, Mr. Bruffwas satisfied. His only object in coming to the Court was to vindicate his character. Lord CA.rEELL made some observations which did not reach Ius. The rule was then discharged on the payment of costs by the defendant. SATURIDAY TIAT -IIOLYBAY. Lord CA,IPBELL said the Master would read a new rule, which had been agreed upon by all the Judges of the superior courts. Mlaster Ta-s7ssa. then read the following rule " EASTER TERM, 1856-REG5ULE GENERAILES. "It is ordered that, in lieu of rule 164 of the practice rules of Hilary Term, 1853, the following be substituted - "Service of pleadings, notices, summons, orders, rules, and other proceedings shall be made before 7 o'clock p.m., except on Saturdays, when it shall be made before 2 oc-lock p.m. If made after 7 o'clock p.m. on any day, except Saturday, the sen-ice shall be deemed as made on the following day. And if made after 2 p.m. on Saturday the service shall ho deemed as made on the following Monday." Lord CA3IX3ELL added that, without prejudice to the suitors or to the administration of justice, a hahf-holyday might now be had on Saturday. We entertain no doubt that this concession wiU be received with every feeling of gratitude by that branch of the profession to which it particularly relates. But we trust it is not presuming too niuch to express the hope on behalf of the bar that the spirit of the rule will be allowed to ifluence the rising of the Court on Saturdays. Those who are conversant with the proceedings in the House of Lords wiU recollect that there is the highest authority for the maxim that "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." This being the last day of Easter term, Mr. Ching1 the chief usher, at the rising of the Court, made the quaint old proclamation usual on such oceasions. It ran as follows:- " AU mauner of persons of al parts of England that have anything more here to do before our Sovereign lady the Queen ;nay take their ease, and keep their day here on Thursday, the 22d day of-May next comig. God save tho Queen and my lords the Queen's justices." BAIL COURT. (SWUtngs in Banco, before Mr. Jugtice CoLZRIDG.) EX PARTE ROBERT RISING. Mr. LEWVIS applied on behalf of this gentleman to have his name replaced on the roll of attorneys. About ten years ago, having succeeded to some property oh the death of his father, he had taken his name of, intending to become a member of one of the inns of court; he, however, abanidoned that intention, and had since been living on his property at West Somerton. Mr. Justice COLE11DGX-If the gentleman bas been living on his property for the last ten years I fear he cannot know much about the recent Common Law Procedure; he must be examined again: let him present himself next teen if he feels prepared. THE QUEEN V. THE OXFORD, WOPCESTER, AND WaOLVER- HAMPTON RAILWAY COM'ANY. Mr. T. W. SAUNDERS moved for a rule nisi for a mandacmu-s, to compel this company to erect a bridge over a cutting which intersected a footway, from Old Swinford to Pedmore, in the county of Worcester. The company did not deny a bridge was necessary, hut asserted that one of their contractors was bound by agreement to build it. Rule nidi granted. GREENSLADE V. WNILOT. Mfr. U1NTnAXK moved for a rule to set aside an equitable plea, which set up a cotemporaneous agreement to reneNv, as an answer to an action on a promissory note. The objection was that it was an attempt to vary a written contract by aarolagreement. RTIl a whd
I COURT OF CO3IONT FLEAS, WESlITXSTER. 3Y 8. LOVER V. DAVIDSON. t3;itUng3zn Banco, Ea.-Lee Ter-, before Lord Chief .Tutwe JBIVIs and Justices CIKRSSWELT, CROWDER, and WnTLES.1 In this case Mr. OGLE showed cause against a rule calling on the plaintiff to show cause why the entry of the copyright of a song at Stationers'-hall, of which the plaintiff is the author, should not be expunged; and Mr. QuAns appeared in support of the rule. The action is pending and brought by Mr. Samuel lover, the plaintiff., for the infringement of his copyright in a song called " The low-back'dCar," whichwas originally published by him in America, and the copyright registered there, the words being adapted to an old Irlsh melody calledthe "Jolly Ploughman." At the same time that it was published in America the plaintiff directed it to be registered at Stationers'-hall in this country. The defendant contended that it was published some days before that entry in America, and, having obtained a copy of it, set Up a claim to publish it, on ithe ground that there being no international copyright between this country and America the publication of the song in America before the copyright was registered in this country took away the author's title to any property in it. It was also contended by the defendant that copyright was claimed by the plaintiff in both the song and the words, the song being old, and the property of the public. The plaintiff sought to make the entry at Stationers'-hallpn im17afacie evidence of his title in the pending action, and the learned counsel for the defendant called upon the Court to follow the precedent set by the Court of Queen's Bench in the case of "Cox v. Davidson," and proprio visgorc to expunge the entry at Stationers'-hall, and let the action be tried on its merits and on the evidence obtained under a commission issued to the United States. The Lop.r Crnit JUSTICE thought the rule ought to be discharged. The defendant did not nake out any statement that the entry was untrue, or allege anything to invalidate the right of Mr. Lover. Xe did not swear to a previous publication in America to that in England. By the Copyright A ct this entry was prindfacie evidence and no more, and he had not the same bodily vigour, pserpr2o ri gore, to expunge this entry as had been done in the Court of Queen's Bench. Rule discharged with costs. CIHAPW^YS V. DERBY. Mr. M. CHA1BmERs, Q.C., moved for a rule to set aside the judgement in this case, and to have it re-entered for trial, on the ground of surprise, as having been tried as an undefended cause against good faith. It was an action of trover, in which the right to seize a horse and cart was in dispute, and it was known to both the counsel and attorney for the plaintiff that it was defended. The counsel for the defendantwas called out of the court into the hall for a moment, and during his absence, a long part heard case having concluded, the counsel for the defendant, whom he was sorry to say he believed knew that it was a defended cause, had it called on anld disposed of as undefended. The CHIEF JuSTICE.-It is almost a breach of fidth. If the attorney knew it was defended he ought to pay the costs of the trial. Take a rule nisi. Rule 1isi granted. The Court was then adjourned to next tern. IsONSEY V. WORDSWORTH. In this case the other day the Lord Chief Justice delivered the judgment of the Court, the Court having taken time to consider its judgment; and we gave an accurate report of it. We have received a letter from a personfrwho signs himself "Thomas Chauntler, the attorney for the defendant," who complains " that he shall not be satisfied that the rule is discharged until he lias seen his counsel, he not having been in court, the report leading first one way and then the other." He then complains that " the arguments or conclusions are misrepresented;" and finishes roundly by stating "Ihe never readsa worse report of a case," and " suggesting that it really should be reported again." As to the report, it is nearly hterally the whole of the judgment of the Lord Chief Justice;* and if r. Thomas Chauntler, the attorney for the defendant. is dissatisfied with it,, that is no affair o ours. We believo it is the practice for attorneys to learn from their counsel the result of the cases intrusted to them, if they are not themselves attendungto their clients' interest. It is usual, also, for the learned Judges, in their judgments, to refer to the arguments of counsel "iirst one way and then the other," although Mr. Clhauntler does not seem tobe aware of that fact. Withregard to the argiunents of coimsel being misrepresented there were none madebefore the Court -the Court simply delivered judgment; and, with regard to Mr. Chauntler's opinion ' that he never read a worse report of a case," as he says he was not present and did not hear wlhat was reported, -we take his opinuon for what it is worth.
ADMT.RALTY CO1URT. TIWrtsmDA. MAY S. THE WYKE P.EGIS.-COLLISION. (Befor e Dr. LuSHISGTON.) two bngs, the Squirrel and the Wycke Regis, both coalladen, left Hartlepool in company on the 10th of January last, the former bound to Rochester, the latter to Poole. At 8 30 p.m. they came into collision wvith each other off Hiuntlliffe, on the Yorkshire coast. The Squirrel, according to her plea, was close-hauled on the port tack, heading E.S.E. ,a shower of rain fell, whereby the wind, which was h.M, was deadened ; shor-tly after which she wastaken aback, as was also the Wyke Regis, which had been proceeding on her port bow. The Squirrel ported her helm, and so kept it until she again filled and resumed her course, when thexrVyke Regis was ssen exhibiting a light, distant about 300 yards, approaching in such a direction as to risk a collsion; whereupon a light was immediately shown, and the helm of the Squirrel pat hard aport. The Wyke Regis, however, continuing to approach her, the Squirrel, in order to avoid a collision, if possible, squared her mainyard, not. withstanding which the Wyke Rvegis ran stem on into her, and didlher very considerable damage. The Wyke Regis aleged that she was close-hauled on the starboard tack, vith the wind at N.E. by E., making a N. by W. course, reaching off shore. She saw the Squirrel umder her lee, and then saw her cross her bows, untiU the Squirrel had got four points on her weather bow, distanit about a quarter of a mile, and going to windward. The Squirrel suddenly altered her course, but showed no light. A fewv minutes afterwvards shs was discovered to have wore round, and was then coming right before the wind and sea towards the Wyke Regis, with her mainyard squared. The AWyke Regis instantly put her hsehn hard aport and eased off her head sheets, but the Squirrel ran into her and severely damaged her larboard bow. CrOSS actions were entered by the respective parties. Dr. ADD=AMS and Dr. Twiss were heard for the Squirrel, Dr. JENSER and another learned gentleman for the Wyle Regis. The learned JUDGE having called the attention of the Elder Brethen tothe statenments of both vessels, and the evidence by wllich they were supported, inquired which of them was to blame. The ELDEr, BRETnrcxsn imputed the fault solely to the Wyke Regis. The COuRT proniounced accordingly. THE MUND OF rROVIDENCE.-COLLISOS. This was a suit promoted by the smack fledora aginst the brig Hand of Providence, to recover the loss arising from a collision between them in the lower part of Shields harbour at 10 30 a.m., on the 18th of December last. The smack was proceeding down the river Tyne, coal-laden, in tow of a steamtug, when she met the brig, which, as she said, without any apparent cause, starboarded her helm, and ran against her. The brig alleged that she was in the act of staying when the collision occurred, and that the accident arose from the smack attempting to pass on. the wrong side of the channeL. Dr. ADDA.MS and Dr. CURTEIS were heard for the smackDr. BAYFORD and Dr. DEAN-E for the brig. The learned JUDGE, after consulting with the Elder Brethresn, pronounced in favour of the smack. EnR,kTrATr.-In the Arches Court yesterday the case headed "Cape v. Cape," shoulld have been "Coape v. Coape."1
I COUBT OF BANYKRUPTCY, BasTnghaUsrcet, Mily S. I1 RE JA.^1ES ¶O%FLANS. (Before Air. Commitonetr FxE. ate bankrupt is described as a shipowner, of floyd's Rooms, Royal Exchange. His accounts show-unsecured creditors, 7,7081.; creditors holding security, 12,1671. ; liabilities, 2641. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. H. D. Roberts, for thte assignees, did not oppose. The bankrupt having stated that he was entitled to 1301. a-year as balf-pay captain in the Royal navy, and that he had some shares in the Royal Navy Annuitant Society, The COmaIIossxoR said he might receive a common certificate. Mr. KnEionLr , for the bankrupt, asked that the cerbifi cate might be of the second class. His HONoUR.-No; the classfication of certificates, to be of any value, must be guarded. There are in this cast debts to the amount of 20,0001., and there wim not be a penny in the pound for the unsecured creditors. I canno, allow honours in banlkruptcy to be dishonoured. Third-class certificate accordingly. (Before Mr. Commisstoner EvmAs.) UT RE ARTHUR YERDNA-SD DE NEU3AN. The banlrupt was a merchant of lime-street, City, and of Glocester-street, Phulico. His accounts, as prepared by Messrs. Paul and Turner, extend from the 1st of January 1854, to the 19th of June, 1855, and contain the following items':-Dr.-unsecured creditors, 15,888k; creditors holdingsecurity, 2,2651. ; liabilities, 7,8301 * amount received from Mrs. De Neumannn's trastees,L8821. Cr-cash, 1601.; proprty held by creditors, 1,8761.; property at S.Tdney, 4,81W. (of doubtfl xelization); cQnsignments out' atanding, deducting advances, 1,40W, This was the certificate mINfu as opposed; r. B`glear sAppo : The bankrupt examined said 'he.had borrowed by means of open checks the following sums :-From E. Eccius, S,OW.; from G. A. Hart, 6,3561.; from M. Silverstone, 2,300U.; from Mr. Brodziack, 1,6651.; from Mr. Lamb, 2461. Altogether he had thus borrowed 26,4491. Heihadsold goods to the following parties;-To Hartmer and Co;, Paris, 583L, who had stopped payment; to W(colf, Fitz, and Co., of Paris, 600., who had become bankrupts; to Jung and Co., 4621., who had become bankrupts; to 3Messrs. Neigdioff, of Paris, 1,4241., who had become insolvents. His (bankrupt's) clerk had affixed his name to bills to the amount of 1,200!. without his knowledge or authority, and for which he had been sued. He had had transactions for 2,579!. with Bernand and Co., of Antwerp, who had ruui away, but were brought back from Ainsterdam. Ed sold Meyer Jacobs 1,2001. worth of goods; he also was a bankruPt. Had sold Maurice, Napier, and Co., of Liverpool, 5651. worth of goods, and they had stopped payment, and to Henry Jones and Co., of Mlanchester, 1,2461., who had become bankrupts. Goods had also been sold to persons-who were not to be found. 'Ur. LUCAs.-There are more cases in the list before me, but I will go no further. Examination continued.-In November, 1854, he had sent his clerk, Romberg, to Paris. Had been in the habit of doing this. Romberg had drawn bills to the amount of 20,600f. without his authority. He had never but once given Romberg authority to draw bills, and that was not the occasion. The power of attorney produced for Rombergtodraw billswasliniitedto Sydney. Romberghadno authority to draw bills either in London or Paris, and he had been a villain and a coward. He (the bankrapt) had a finn at Sydney. It was that of Arthur F. de Neumann and Co.; but there was no partner in it but himself. Had never before seen the bills now produced as endorsed by Rouberg in his name. The 4,8181. of goods mentioned in his balance-sheet as consigiunents to Sydney formed part of a larger sum of 7,0001. or 8,0001. thus consigned. In June, 1855, he had petitioned this Court under the arrangement clauses, andon the 31st of May, 1855, he had executed an assignment of some property to a creditor. He had sold a lot of boots to Mr. Silverstone for 610!., which about sLx months previously had been purchased by him for 8991. Boots had fallen at Sydney during ithe interal of purchase and sale from 26s. to 12s. per pair. Mr. Luc,ts submitted that the bankrupt's trading had been so reckless that if cases of this kind were to be allowed among merchants in the city of London, all trade *must beat a perfect standstilL The bankrupt had pledged for tvvo months a lot of goods for 300!., which had only just before cost hint 536., and the creditors would never receive a farthing from the goods so pledged. Most of the parties with whosn the bankrupt had had transactions of magnitude had either become bankrupt, stopped payment, or rm away, and the case, to say the least, was one of the most reckless trading that could be conceived. The bankrumpt was ina deficiency of 800!. 18 months ago, and had ikept going on by means of systematic open checks. hfr. BAGLEY submitted that the banrupt had been only subjected to misfortunes common to all merchants and traders. * His HoxouR said there had certainly been reckless trading, but he would defer his judgment. IN RtE GOODHIND.-"YE HOUSE OF LUD." The bankrupt was a draper of Ludgate-hill and elsewhere. He now failed to appear, and his examination was adjournied sibe clie, and protection withheld. (Before MAr. Commissioner Fo2NBcNQUE.) IN RE JENRY HENTON. The bankrupt was a strawbonnet maker of Dunstable. His debts were 1,4001.; assets about6001. This wasthe certificate meeting. Mr. Lawrance supported; Mr. Turner opposed. The main grounds of opposition were that the bankrupt had concealed a portion of his property, had made a false representation as to the amount of a debt due to Mr. Horne, and had madce false entries in his books, with a view to conceal his estate and effects. Evidence was given that he retumed Mr. Home as a creditor for 1021. when his claim was only 621.,and, having made alterations in his books to correspond with his statements (which were also corroborated by Home), that9 he had afterwards admitted that they were false. His HoNoun said the bankrupt had very nearly brought himself within the penal statute, and there was only such a degree of doubt as entitled himn to give the bankrupt the benefit of it. Allowing that the bankrupt had made the entry inadvertently and irregularly, still the use he had intended to make of it was most scandalous. The suggestion which he made, that Horne should prove for a greater sum than was really due to him, was as gross an offence as could be committed against the bankruptcy law, and if it had been carried into effect he would lhave forfeited his certificate. Although he did not feel himself bound under the 20lst section absolutely to refuse the certificate, yet he thought the bankrupt had brought himself under the provisions of the 256th section. Every feature of the ease was bad both before tbe bankruptcy and since, although he had made some atonement by t asubsequent confession. The bankrupt would receive a , hr-ls ertificate after two years' suspension, during thre,e months of which he would be left unprotected.
POLICE. GuIT.DHALLL.-Thomas Williams, a young man who described himself as a tailor, and refused to give any address, wvas charged with bur4ariously entering the house of Mlessrs. Overbury, of 13, §asinghall-.street, and stealino, seven pieces of cloth, containing 2(;0 ya1rds, value 1201. 10s, and also a cashbox;, belonging to Messrs. Abbott and Solomon, solicitors, in the same house. The prisoner was remanded. Bow-STREET.-Henry Male, coachman to Mr. S. Bous. field, of Streatham-h3ll, was charged with being drank, and causing damnage to his master's horse and gig. The complainant stated that his servant was directed to call for him at 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon at a house in Cheapside. He waited for him till after 5 o'clock, and eventually discovered that the defendant had been drinking at various publichouses, and had been tak-en into custody in Holborn, shortly after 4 O'clock, for drunkenness and furious driving, having upset the gig and caussed damage to the horse and vehicle to the extent of 101. and upwards. Police-constable Holmes, F 50, deposed that he saw the prisoner driving furiously along Holborn, near Dav and Martin's, where, owing to his pulling one of the reins suddenly, the gig was overturned and dragged a considerable distance before the horse could be stopped. The prisoner, who was too intoxicated to have any control over the horse, was thrown out, but cscaped injury. Mr. HENRY, after commenting upon the seriousness of the offence, fined the prisoner 40s. for furious driving, and ordered him to pay 51. towards the damage caused to his master's property. He was liable to pay the whole amount of damage if it could be estimated. In defaultof paying the 71., he would be sent to prison for one month. The prisoner was committed in default. Mr. Bousfield expressed a wish that it might go forth to the public that servants were liable for the, damage caused by their misconduct in cases lke the present. The information might operate as a wholesome check upon servants He begged also to state that he had received a good character with this man only a short time back, although it must have been known that he was a drunkard. The practice of giving characters to servants in this indiscriminate manner was most reprehensible. Mr. HESRNiY received 5s. in postage stamps, for the poorbox, from " F. W. B." MALRLBOPOUGH3-STREET.-EdWard Owen. George Smith Owen, and Johl Ingram Owven, were further re-examined on numerous charges of forgery and fraud. Several now cases were brought forward. Charles Wilkinson, in the service of Messrs. Grindlay and Co., Bishopsgate-street, army agents, proved that the firm did not keep an account with Mlessrs. Prescott and Co. The check for 60., uttered to M1r. Webb, and purporting to be drawn by Grindlay and Co., was a forgery. A second check for 161., uttered to Mr. Rutter, drawn on Herries and Co., was also a forgery. & MIr. James Milner, chief cashier to Herries and Co.-Mr. Douglas, of No. 184, Piccadilly, had an account with the firm. On the .5th of January some one brought an order for a new checkbook, and one was given out. The two checks uttered to Mr. Rutter and MEr. Daws were taken out of this book. Mr. Douglas proved that the order for the checkbook was not in his handwriting. Mr. Richard Hall, 152, Fenchurch-street, ironmonger, knew George Owen well. In June, 1854, lent him 20., as the prisoner was then his agent for some glassworks in the country. The prisoner about that time called upon him and said he was about to start on his own account, and that he should want about 3001. capital, which he hoped to be able to obtain from his uncle at Shrewsbury. On the 22d of July the prisoner called again, -and produced a letter directed to him, purporting to come from Samuel Smith, of Shrewsbury, in which the writer stated he was satisfied, and enclosed a check forl501., drawn on Messrs. Beck and Co. The prisoner asked him for a check in exchange, as his .check was crossed, and not payable in London. The prisoner made some excuse about being desirous of paying an instalment for the business by that night's post, and witness then gave him his cheek for 1501. The prisoner's check was transmitted to Shrewsbury, and returned asaforgery. Mr. Samuel Harris, Mansell-street.-Had known George OwensinceMfay, 1853. KeptanaccountwiththaLondonJointstock Bank. 'he order for a checkbook was a forgery. The check for 1501. was not in his handwriting, and he believed it was in the handwriting of the prisoner George Owen. The check for 661. was also a forgery, and, as witness believed, in George Owen's handwriting. The check for 201., and another for 551., were also forgeries. Mr. John Payton, cashier of the London Joint-stock Bank-.-On the same day that an order for a checkbook, purporting to come from Mr* Harris, was presented, a check for 1501. was brought, which witness paid in one 501. and 10 101. notes. William Willoughby, in the service of Mr. Holt, Blackfriars-road, iron bedstead maker, proved that he was accosted in the street by John Owen, and induced to takle a check for 661. to the London Joint-stock Bank, and bring the money back to him. He presented the check, was deo tained, and accompanied a constable to the place of appointment, but the prisoner was not to be found. Remanded till Thursday next. For the poor-box 21. 10s. was received from "M. H." MARYLEBONE.-Alfred Cotton, Edward Allcott, James Tilley, and Isabella Tilley, his wife, were charged, the first two with having stolen a quantity of silver plate of the value of at least 501., and the others, who keep a marine storeshop in Duke-street, Lisson-grove, with recdving the Eame. The property belonged to Mr. G. Pritt, 10, Cleveland. gardens, Paddington, from whose dwelling it mnust have been abstracted by persons goingdowvn thearea, the gate of which was left unfastened. A plate-basket, containing a considerable number of silver spoons, forks, fish slices, &c., and which was found in Tilley's room,.tas p roduced, and the whole of the articleg were identified by Susnna .Alderman, the parlour-maid, as belonging to her master. The basket and its contents were safe in the pantry at half-past 9 o'clock on the same (ye;ter, ay-}orning. iAgreat deal of eidence in support oE the charge was gone into, and Cotton, Aflcott, and TiUey, were remanded for a week;. The female prisoner was discharged. WrsTsmTsTrz.-Jane Mears, alias Holoway, a smartlydressed young woman, who described herself as adressmaker and miUiner, was charged with robbing John Luff of a g)Ild breastpin. - The prisoner was brought to this court a few weeks ago for stealing a veil from another young woman, and was on that occasion discharged, in consequence of there not being sufficient evidence of gnilt. Prosecutor in the present case, a respectable young man, * said, that on the previous night, at about 12 o'clock, he ws going home, when the prisoner accosted him in the Vauxhall-bridge-road, and walked closely by his side for some distance, while in conversation, and then left him, imnediately after which he missed half-a-crown from his pocket. He turned back and found the accused, who declared that she knew nothing about it, aud wondered he could think that she had robbed him. He left her to proceed home, and then missed his watch, which he also accused her of stealing. She at first indignantly denied the charge, but upon his declaring he would not leave her till a policeman came up she handed him back his wateb, which he replaced in his pocket, and was about once more to go home, when he discovered that he had been robbed of his gold breastpin. He again went in search of prisoner, and found her near the workhouse in York-street, but she asseverated her innocence respecting the pin, and boldly remained until the arrival of a policeconstable, to whom he gave her in charge. She walked quietly towards the police-station, but after going about half the way she took the pin from her pocket, and, handing it towards the prosecutor, entreated him to let her go. The constable then took possession of the pin, and the prisoner was locked up, but the missing half-crown was not found. The accused pretended that the young man made her a present of the pin. - She was committed for trial. WoRsumr-sTREET.-Thomas Wilson and William Inken were charged with the followving robbery -_ Sayer, a constable of the G division, was on duty in Finsbury-square at 7 o'clock in the evening, and knowing that the house No. 50 was unoccupied, the family being in the country, he watched it. To make sure of its safety he did something to the door, whch prevented its being opened without discovery, and on looking for this indication on the last occasion he saw at once that the house had been entered. He waited until another officer came up, whomhe despatched for the house-agent, with whom he shortly returned, and on the agent opening the door with the key the house was found in a state of the greatest confusion, all the gas fittings and other fixtures having been torn down from the ceilings and walls, and damage done to the premises in that wav to the amount of about 71. On searching the lower part of the house the prisoner Wilson was discovered in a closet, with some of the gas-fittngs lyig near him, while in the same cupboard were some skeleton keys, one of which had wax on it, evidently showing that an impression had been previously taken of the 'wards of the street-oor lock On questioning Wilson as to how he got there, he said he found the street-door open and ran mn, but had no intention of robbery. Vhile this was going on inside the house, round which a large mob had collected, Marsh, an officer, came up, and was immediatelv aecosted by a gentleman, who pointed to the prisoner Inken, in the crowd, and declared that he had himself a short time before seen him trying to open the door with a key. Inken immediately ran off at the top of his speed. but was taken after a long and persevering chase, and both men 'were lodged in the station. Inken denied having attempted to open the door as alleged, declaring that he had only run away from terror at hearing himself accused of such an offence, and both prisoners protested they knew nothing of each other. Mars 1 said they had both given false addresses, and that Inspector Brennan, now ill, 'would be able to identify them as constant companions, if they 'were remanded; Inken was therefore admitted to bail in recognizances, and Wilson committed till that day week. IArinxns-Iobert Everett, alias Humbell, a welldressed youiig fellow. who described himself as a pickledealer of 85, Union-street, Lambeth-walk, was brought up on the following charges:- Sergeant Coppin said that it would be in the recollection of his 'worship that about si-x weeks or two months ago a young woman named Lucy Constable had been brought before him on a charge of infiictig a wound on her throat. The person so charged had been a servant in the family of a gentleman named K(nott, residing in Sutherlana-square, Walworth, and was left in charge of her mastefs house on the evening of Sunday, the 24th of February last, 'while the family-were gone tochurch, and on there,urn home of the latter they found her 'with a wound in her throat, and the house in confusion and property stolen therefrom. The statement first made by the young woman was, that shortly after the family had leftto go to church a knock came to the door, and on her opening it some thieves rushed in, and niot only-robbed the place but inflicted the wound on her throat for attemptng to re.sist them. Some days after, however, and while atthe hospital, she gave a different version of the affair, and admitted that 'when the family left for church she soon after went out for a walk with a young man, and on her return home she found the street-door ajar, the house robbed, and she cut herthroat in consequence. He (Sergeant Coppin) should be able to show on a future day that the prisoner was the person who had taken the young 'woman Constable out for a walk on the night of the robbery; and in addition to this charge there 'was a second, the evidence respecting which would be detailed to his worship. Mr. Skinner, the landlord of the Zoological Arms beerhouse, in Penton-place, Walwoxth, and his wife were here sworn, and from their testimony it appeared that onFriday, the 16th of February, the prisoner made his first appearance at their house, and his manner was so extremely fanmiliar that Mr. Skinner told his wife to keep her eye upon him, as he did not consider him to be of "much account." On that occasion he tendered a sovereign to pay a small sum, and it was remarked that he had watched Mrs. Skinner very closely-while going up stairs to her bedroom to get the change. On the Monday night following he came again, and was in the bagatelle-room up stairs and at the bar severall times. At 20rninutes to 10 o'clock Mrs. Skinner wentup stairs .md locked her bedroom door after her, and at 10 minutes to l o'clock the bedroom door was found by the servant partly open, and a skeleton key in the lock. It was also discovered that about 141. in gold and silver and other property had been stolen from the bed-room. Mrs. Skinner added, that within the last few days she had been to Horsemongerlane Gaol, and there saw a man who was at her house on the night of the robbery with theprisoner. Coppin said that this man, who gave the name of Brown, had been committed from this court with another man named Stevens for a skeleton key robbery, and both were at present awaiting their triaL The robbery at Mr. Skinner's took place on the 19th, and that atMr. Knott's on the 24th of February, and he should be able on a future day to show that the prisoner and the man Brown were living together in Elizabeth-street, \Valwortb, at the time. The prisoner, who declined offering anything in defence beyond a denial of the charge, was remanded.
SHIP NEWS. I7lVEtRPClfT. UX.,St Irma, S.E.- Arrived.-The Avondale, from Blaltimore-the Earl of Errol, from Santander-the Emma, and the Fortitude, from Oporto-the Cathcart, from Iquique-the Komeet, from Par-the drie Vrienden from Mtna-tho Amserica, from Cadiz-the Jenny ind, from Elguer;athe Santa Trinita, from Galatz--the Albert ran P anhuMs from Santauder. Off thepork-The Ottoman, from Alexandretta-the Ganymede, from Messina-the Rjpple, from, Mogador. SailedL-The Arabian, for Quebec-th5 Blrac Princ for Valparaiso. -the .rtna, for Balaklava-the S8istria, for New Orleans-the D. Webster. for Boston-the Osprey, for Ha-lifax-the WyTke Regts, for Newfoundland-the Ivanhoe, for Cuba- the Phioenix, for Cronstadt_the De Vitt Clinton, and the Lochiel, for New York-the Carrier, for Harlingen-the Admiral Grenfell, for Guatemala-the Rapid, for Gaiatz-the Flides, for Virginia. MAY?7. The Endymon, from New York has arrived here withonarier. damaged, supposed to have been in collision with the Carpentaria, On the lth of April shepassed the BoomeraDg abandoned, in It. 43, long4l. LoSnDo2, May S.-Wmd at noon, N. to N.E. ; freah breeze, anlt dull hazy weather, with squalls. azToazo, May 8-Wind, N. *fresh, Arrived, Her Majesty' ship Gorgon, from Portsmouth-the ilclena, from Cuba-the Sophia, from Denmark-the Et'i-, from Cadiz-the Martha, from Melford-the Emily, from Blaanely-the Wave, from Arklow-tho Ebenezr, from Port Talbot-the Eliza, from the north-the Carmiarthen Packet. and The Times, from Swansea the Amelia, from irverpool-the Eii-sbeth, from Cardigan-the Brigand, from Glasgow. Sailed, the Brothers, for Melford-the Earl Lisbune, forAberStvdith. Px.noun, Mp 8(pe Elctrc Tlegaph.- Seven of the crew of. the Charles Adolphe, from Capte ilyti,which Twas in contact with the Antagonist off the itzard, have been landed here by a fishing smack S ns, .UCy8 (per Electric Telegrapbl.-The manuel, of and from Bremen, wh timber, in entering the harbour this day grounded on the Strong, where she remain, but will probably come off the next BOwrs rTo. May 8 (per Electric Telegrapbl.-The Ed'ey, of andt for Hull, from Southampton, andthe Basl, of MaIdon, areboth ashore on the Maine. Dumr.nc, May 8 (per Electrid Telegraph).-The Racer, ofandfor New York, from Liverpool. with passengers, struck- on the Arklow Bank, on the night oft e 6th, and remaius, with but little hbpe of Igetting off. The Arklow smacks have brought on shore about 300 assengers, Faweg, May 7.-The Endeavour, of Ipswich, haa been totally wireckedbetween Gubbin Point and Palkerris; three lives lost. :Naw Yaoi, April23.-TheEmpire, which arrived hereyesterdsay from Mfesolna,reports having passed on the lithof Marob, in lat. 33, long. 33,ashipapparently deeply laden, steering west, with Ioretonros,jbom c.gone. aud on theilst of ApriL, in lat. 40, lesg. 48. a bale ofcotton. and uon the 10th, in tlat. 43. long. 57, a field of ice 12miles long. April 24-A fishing smack, which atrived at Edgar Town orn the 20th of April, reportaseeing a ship of about 1,200 tons ashore on the Rose and Crown Shoal, about 12 miles from Nantucket, throwing over cargo, consisting of dlour, tobacco. hides, and cotton; the vessel got off at noon. The Ifighifter is ascertained to be safe, and to be repairing atlHamass Thirty barrels of flour were picked upin the Elasing lcp of Nantucket by the same smack, which also reports bales of cotton and other articles afloat, and at the same time saw a bark ashore on the Rip, which was subsequently assisted by another smack, and stooda north. The Jane Mforrison went ashore in Kazatch Bay on the 14th of M£arch, and was discharging. * GRAVESENTD, Mtr & (By SumuRn i ANSD Barnes TEGRAr.) (From lloyd's.) 9 30 a.m.-Wmid, N.E; blowing very hard; tide, low-water. ,No arrivals, Saited-The Sir E. Banks, for CaLis-the Ei3za, for Adelaide-thb Kennington, for Port Philip-the Intrepid, forlRioJaneiro. 1 p.m.-WPind, B.E, strong; tide, 3 hourne llooa; doudy. Arrived-The Concordls, and the Earl of Auckland, from Rotterdam-the Seine, from Boulogne-the Baron Osy, from Antwerp-tho Harlingen, from Hrarlingen-the Triton, from Calais-the Islander, from Barbadoes-the WV. Septimeis de Septimo, from Antwerp. Sailed.-The :Fyenoord, for Rotterdam. 3 p.m.-Wind, N., strong; high-water; cloudy. Arrived.-The West Friesland, from Harlhngen. 730.-Wimd, E. ; tide, 3 houzs'ebb; weather, stTongand cloudy. No arrivals. Sailed.- The Alice and Ann, for Montreal-the Dolphio, for Antwerp-the Qucen, for Oporto-the Panther, for Tobago-tho Chalmers for San Francisco. D)EAL,Msr (By Su3xsra'-n AN-D BRsnan TnzPiu)'I (From iaoyd?..l 9 a,m.-Wind, N.E. byN. ; a gale. No arrivals, The wreckof a vesseldrifted southwardthis morning, supposed to bo the Robert and Harriet, which vessel foundered yesterday. Noon.-Wlnd, N.E. by E; a gale. No arrivals. The schoonerJacob, from Portsmouth for Newcstle, slipped from two anchors andchains toprevent collision w ith Her Majesty's ship Majestic, and hisproceeded to leeward. 2p.in.--Wmd, N.N.E. ; agale. No arrivals. 7.30 p.m.-VInd, N.N.E. ; more moderate. Arrived and PasseL-The Excelsior, from Shields for Constantinople-the Britannia, from Newcastle for Aden-the Star of Peace, for Algoa Bay, the Hamilton Mitchel, for St. Helena, both from Loan don-the Aligra, from Newcastle for Oporto-Her Majests'ship Vesnius, from Sheemess, the Stratford, from the north, both for the westvard-the Esphrosyne, for Constantinople, the Kezia, for ValparLso, both from Shields. The American ship Cairo, from Mare for Nweastle, has been supplied with an anchor and chain hence. Vzasna Stony Wrrsc TheBiitishEmnpire,Eteering Westward,April16,in ast,46N., long. The Witch, April 23. in lat. 39, long. 14 W. The Regina, March 19, in tat. 40 N., long. 16 W., steering S.W. The Ambassador, from New Orleans for London, April 19 in lat. 30. long. 79. The Milton, from Liverpool for New Orleans, April 2, off Sandkey. The Lady Kate Barhanm, from London for Jamaica, April 27, in lat. 47 N., long. 13WE The History, from Liverpool for Buenee AT-res, March21, in lat. 5N., long. 21 W, Tao Spitfire, from London for Canton, Mffarsh?7, in lat. 8 S., long, The .T. P. Harward, from Li2-erpool for New Orleans, March 19, im lat. 22 N., long. 34 W. The Indian Key, bearintg N.N.W, The Nicholas Biddle, irom Liverpool for MWobile, March 25, in lat, 25 n., eng. 54 1. The Mnngo P'ark, from Montevideo for Qneenstown, March 14, in lat. 16 S., long. 34 W. The Bedford, March 28, in lat. 46 N., long. 40W. The Dolphin, from Liverpool for St. Domingo, April 27, in lat. 52 N., long. 6 W. The Salcombe, from Liverpool, Aprill5, off Cape St. Vincent. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE, THIS DAY. Morning .... 51 mrm. after 41 Afternoon ........d L rn.. i after :;
TO THE EDITOPR OF THE TIMES Sir,-Observing in Thc Ti77cs a notice-of the annual meeting of this society, in which it is stated that a testimonial was presented to Mr. F. White, in ac1mowledgnent of his services to the society and the provincial press in general, I shall be obliged by your stating in your next publication that Mr. R, F. White, of Beet-street, is the indihidual referred to. I am. Sir. vour obedient servan. JOHNSON GEDGE, Hon. Smc. Provincial Newspaper Society, London, May 8.
[Addvertisement.j--The new Novel, " John Halifax, Gentleman " by the author of "The Hlead of the Family," s.c. is now ready atallthelibraries, in 3vols. "lu'JohnHanlif' tho author hasmade a considerable advanceupon herpreviousworks. Evrry character is consistently conceived and very truthfullydellnrated. The ineidents, the r cenes. are painted vith a power that sustiins the attention of the reader."-Spectator. Aso, 3ust pulblishedL-2. -Modern Society in Rome :" by Afr. J. R. Beste, author of "The Wabash," 3 vols. 3. " Mlargaret and her Bridesnaids"-. by the autl:or of "Woman's DIevohon,"3vols. 4. `LI,lisleaf"' the concluding passages in the life of Mrs. Margaret Maitland. 3;ew and cheaper edition, 1 vol., 10s. CL 5. " Rachel Gray " by M'iss Kavanagh. 1 voL C. The Sorrows of Gentility;" by ikisa Jew.sbury, autbor of -Const.ance Herbert," &c. 2 vols. Just re.ady. urst and Blackett, publishecs successors to Hsenry Coihurn. [Advertisement.J-" Easternl Hoespitals and Egflish Y~urses," by a Lady Volunteer. 2 volt.* iust publishel. "These volumes comprise the narrative of 12 months' experience in the bospitalLs of loulal and Scutari; and, though our 'Special Correspondent' has kept the public informed on the morepromincnt circumstances connected w ith these establshments, it is intere stig to haLve a detaiDednalerative like this, from the pen of one Or thse noblehearted women who sacrificed all the oomforts of bone from a deep sense of duty to their country. The narrative is written in no vainglorious spirit. The object hasbeen to exhibit the heroinm of tho suffering Esoldier rather than the devotion of his nurse; and our Lady Volunteer has done it very well. Her style is irreproachable, and her sletches, whether of individual character or of passing incidents, arn drawn with spirit and evident truthfuness."-" Sunday Times." [Advertisement.-The cessation of strif-e abroad opens the v;ay for the peaceful triumpha of phianthropic enterprise at home. Though victory has crowned our arms iith success, in tho beautiful language of Milton, " Yet much remains to onquer stm - peacebathhervictories,no less renowned thanwar." ThepeopDl of this countrywilhave the greatest support everyetreceivedn their noble struggle i thcause of self-education bythe publcaUonof division 1 of " Cassell's Popular dilucator. rice l ., which wil ho ready May 15. Itis edited by Professor WaUace,and rDl contai ra course of lessons in history, grammar, mathematics, arithmec, French, music, physiology. Latin. botany, nd biography. Had Milton lived to see this day he would have admitted that one victory was at least achieved, worthy of his verse and of his Praise. London, W Rent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-row, publishes of Csd's edu cational worksandthe 'lustrated FamilyPaper;" and may be had of all booksellers. [Advertisement.]-The " Dispatch" of Sunday next, Miay 11, will contain an essav, entitled, " Delolme in 186;," Dcbates ontheAddress; Banquetto Ministersat the Mansion-housc- lettre by Pubyola- 'How the People feel about the reace, and wbhy, andbyCaustio,-"Religion and Revolution;" Town Talk; the Crimean Inquiry, &c. Office 139, Fleet-street. [Advertieement.]-The " Sunday Times," the largest newspaperin England, contains 72 folio columns. ThebbestSnaday paperforadvertisers.forgeneralandlatestinformation. Is now circulated in Sydney, Melbourne, France, .Yew York, Boston. Philadelp-bra, throughout the colonies6 and all the agricultural districts in England Ireland, and Scotland. Contains latest AgricnitunralNeCw Rith a Ieader thereon, ritten expTessly!or tbis JounaL SpiringXYachting-Tips from the Stables-News of the Derby Chester CuP. and PEaceg-Tbeatrical, Poblce, and other intellgence. Ln last " Sluda's Times" we predieted the winner of the Chester CuP. Ogice, 103. Fleet-street, London. [Advertisemnent.-" Bell's Life in London" of Stnday next, Mayl1, with a Gratis Supplement. will contaiM fullandexdrW7iO Partisulars bf the Cheter Spring Meeing-the Cheater Cup 1lce &c.-Programme and Anticipations of M nchester-Racing alnaei -Intigeree Extra-Latest Betting, and i the TadIWewa of the WVeek-Uour im-Steeplechacin -sqiatice-Yachting IntelligenceEnwin at theolniversities- CrEe-mctn BcitngMtcbCS -CheinPedsstianim-the Ring-thre ChscoPirhicP; Fagtbetw~en Cu-xt all athe Sporting and Miselneu Intellience ef the Welc}i w,lrhuppenleOt, 6d. taped; 6d. irat.mpedl OdSce, 170, Scund.
flUTI.NY OF THE GERMAN JTAGES. (BY ELECTEIC TELEGPAPIL) PLYMOUTH, ThrURSDAY EVEN-G, U O'CLOCE Torsome weelks past rumours of disaffection in the 3d tjager Corps have been in circulation, and the sudden re=moval of the main body of the men from Maker Heights on ,3aturday last confirmed these reports. It is stated iJhat a complaint, written by a sergeant, against the eTvere discipline of Colonel Bowles, has been the :mbject of a lengthened inquiry at Mount Wise; and it is certain that No. 6 Company, commanded by captain Axel von Jesson, stationed at Bovisand, took uiffence at the arrest of the sergeant, grounded their arms, :nd refused to do duty. This afternoon, at 4 o'clock, that company, consisting of about 65 men, were marched ,into Plymouth Citadel, and, having piled arms on .,lhe green, ovent to their appointed barrack-rooms, -where a guard of militia was immediately fplaced over .,hem. The town at this time was alarmed by the 3nowledge that double guards had been mounted 5n the citadel and all civilians e-xcluded, and that Jball cartridge had been served out to Captain waUer's xompany of Artilery at Devonport, who, with a iaeld-officer and a body of marines, similarly provided, and 'akiing with them the triangles, cats, .d drunners from Stonehouse, marched to the citadel here, assisted by every man off duty belonging to the South Devon and Warwickuaire regiments of Militia. Having formed in hollow square, Major-Genernl Eden, Commander of the Forces in the West, attended by Brigade-Major Ibbetzon, Aide-de-Camp iCaptain Parker, Colonel Commandant Burdget, and Colonel Nelson, shortly after arrived on the ground. A corporal and two privates were then removed from the rooms and placed 'Dn trial by a court-martial, presided over by Major Seale, which sat up till 9 o'clock, when a sergeant and four privates, were brought before the Court, and are still under eaamination. The troops were dismissed, after standing three hours on parade. The disaffected Jzigers complain that their (frill is too severe, and that they were only enlisted for service while the wvar continued.
UNVIVEESITY I.NTELLIGE.YGE. OXFORD, MA.}Y S. In a Convocation held this morning, at 10 o'clock, the Rev. William Fraucis Taylor, D.C.L., Trinity, Dublin; and the Rev. George Taylor, M.A., Catherine-hall, Cam bridge, were admittedal eund6en. In a Congregation held immediately aftervwardS the following degrees were conferred B.D. Rev. William Thomson, Provost of Qnteen's. M.A. Rev. Digby Walsh, Balliol. Rev. Richard C. Fell, Queen's. :Herbert H. Murray (student), Christ Church. Rev. Charles K. Hartshorne, Christ Church. Rev. James S. Wilkinson, St. Edmund Hall. In a Convocation held at 2 o'clock, the grant of l45e. 5s. 6d. from the 1niversity chest for objects connected with the Botanical Garden was submitted and approved. The election of a clerk to the vicarage of South bStoke wias then proceeded vith. (The notice of an adjournment of the election, which appeared in Tne Times of Thursday, was recalled by the Vice-Chancellor in the evening, but too late to prevent its appearance in our .olumns. Another notice wvas issued this morning, stating that the Vice-Chancellor had been officially informed of the resignation of the vicarage of Bury by the Rev. Richmond Powrell, the only candidate for the vacant living, who Thereby became legally eligible.) The Reg7strar read theact under which the UJniversity is empowered to present, and, after a small number of votes bad been taken, the Rev. Richmond Powell was declared duly elected. The Convocalion w;as then dissolved. A Congregation 'was held at 3 o'clock, when the statute for the improved regulation of the Bodleian Library, which had been amended by the Hebdomadal Council, was promulgated afresh. After the reading of the statute by the Registrar, Dr. Pusey briefly addressed the Houses, pointing out the changes made, and giving the grounds upon which other amendments proposed iu Congregation had been rejected. The question of alloNing books to be taken out at the end of the day and returned the next morning had been decided in the negative, against his ovwn vote, i'y a small majority. That of the election of the librarian by Congregation instead of Convocation had not been considered, as no amendment had been submnitted upon it. Mr. Chase, of Oriel, said, his intention had been distinctly to move an amendment. Dr. Pusey explaied that all amendments must be handed in to the egistrar in a written form. Mr. Chase said, in that case -he would now put in the amendment. He wotuld also pronose the entire omission of the clause concerning the holdaig of a cure of souls. Mr. Dyke, of Jesus', complained of he conduct of the Janitor, who demanded fees alile from members of the University and from strangers on [their visiting the Picture Gallery. He inquired -hether the charge was a proper one. Dr. Pusey said, no charge ought to be made to members of the University in their academic dress, but the Janitor was allowed to make a charge to strangers. 31r. Dyke would then propose an amendment npon section X, clause 3, to the effect that the Janitor should receive 3>21. per annum in place of his previous stipend nnd of all fees, wvlhether from academics or strangers. After a few muore words from Dr. Pusey and Mr. Chase, the discussion closed. A new statute was then promulgated, regarding the time at which names of candidates for ex- Tmination in the final schools should be given in to the proctors. Mr. Chase, of Oriel, objected to any alteration of the existing law. A discussion ensued, in rhich the Senior Proctor, the Master of Balliol, and Dr. Pusey took part, and stron opinion was expressed against the practice of providing y special decrees for all cases in which persons had contravened the existing regulations. NKo amendment was moved, and about 4 o'clock the Congregation was dissolved. In a Congregation to be held on Saturday, the 17th inst., at 2 o'clock, a form of statute will be promulgated, on the subject of the DivinityDegrees. It is proposed to require for the dege of B.D. that candidates shall either have passed pulic Theological Examination, or have privately satisfled the Regius Professor, by answering in writing a set of questions. Tne Reader in Experimental Philosophy (Mr. Walker) proposes to commence on Wednesday next, at 1 o'clock, a course of lectures on Magnetism, Electro magnetism, &c. Those gentlemen who wish to attend are requested to enter their names at the Lecture-room, in the Clarendon, on Tuesday next, between the hours of 2 and 3, or before the :Rrst lecture. The subjoined Class-list has been this day issued by the Clanssical Examiners. Those marked with an asterisk obtained honorary fourths - CL.AsS I. Arnold, Charles T., Corpus Christi College. Bramley, Henry R., 7University College. H'alcomb, Thomaus R.., Brasennose Colle'v. renniker, Robert, Trinity College. Smith, A lbert, Lincoln College. Thackeray, Francis St. J., Uerton College. CLASS Il. Browne, John C., Corpus Christi College. Bulkley, Edward, Lincoln College. CGattloet, James, St. John's College. Clayton, Niathaniel G., niversity College. Curteis, Arthur C., Trinity College. Hanbury, John C., Wadham College. Harpur, Henry W., Uerton College Jones, William E, Jesus College. Longley, Haenry, Christ Church. Sonkhouse, John, Queen's Collee. Nerseham, Bwilliam H., Balliol College. Stawdon, filliam F., wadham College. .'.aunders, Herbert C., Christ Church. Tlanner, Joseph, Magdalen College. Wiarren, Hon. John B. F., Christ Church. WicBham, Edward C., Newv College. CLASS III. Clarker William F., Christ Church. Evered, JoLn J. G., Ciagdalen College. Gauntlett, John G., Worcester College. Hall, William Er, Bniversity College. Harris, George C., Exeter College. Gichens, Thomas S., Exeter College. L ,scelles, Edwin A., Baihol College Loaster, ltreynshamr P., Balliol College. 3sely, aWilliam ., iealliol College. Sewell, Capel J., Br.asenose College. S'hepherd, filliam B., Queen's Colle¢e. Somerset, Boscawen T. G., Oriel Colicge. Stratton, William, NVew College. Thorold, Edmund, Magdslen College. Wilberforce, William F., University College. CLA.SS IV. Ba^temnan, Edwrard L., University College. ~Berkelcy, Sacksihle H., Oriel Colle"e. 'Cleaver, William H., Christ Churc%. *Colg,uhowu, John B. C., Trinity College ~Danaes, George J., WVorcester College. Drabble, Peter B., WYorcester College. aDandas, RXobert J., ESxeter College. >'Evans, WYilliam TL, Jesus College. Gildea, William, Exeter College. MJoy, Samuel, Wrorcester College. aLomudale, Arthur P.. Balliol College. *hIilligaa, William, University College. wRendall, Stuart, Oriel College. Wr. JELF, F. MIEYRICK, 5> Examiners. A. S. FARRAR, )
IaGlland su Bt-cI-H:iAM PxACRm-The new d per roorfs at Buckinghaml Palace have been -lghe wiZ Cannel ga,, sutplied by the Chartered Gas ef n Albollov oneferry h~oa' Vestminster, and we are inforned that the resut ia very satisfactory. The lights rie suspended from the centr es of each of the panels of ceiling, and are covered with nassive clusters of glass prisms, pro,ducing an elegant effect. The wvindows are lighted by fine jets o?'gas placed behind the Vroiind glass, forming devices to correspond with the engratving onthe samie. The romemade and approac to galleries and ante'room are lightedwith m a tt e r s pla c r e f ere d a b o v e a r sch ly g r o mn d d e n g ra v e d g la ssceiing whch ive a igh eqal o dy.The whiole of the ai~prats isso rraned hat achburer acts as a ventilatr; nd,notithtaningthe5mmn~enumber of lights ~abve ,00),thre s carel an vri~onof temperature :BAH 31INERAL SrsIUZC,S.--Ar R. P. Hodges, of Albioi-grove, Islington, has offeredl to tak-e a lease for CO years of thbe waste water fromn the Bath hot-~ which now rnns into the sewers. MEr. iHodges state-s Iwsob- ectobe to apply the water to hortjcultura. purposes~ and li loprop(oes to establishi a sanitarium in Bath. The matfter has been referred to a -elect committee of the town- counci1.
NA VAL AND MIhITABY IZTELLmIGCN, The Court-martial on the surgeon of Her MajesWs ship Rattler on charges of cruelty to the sick, which commenced sitting on board Her Majesty's ship Victory, in Portsmouth Hrbour, on Friday, May 2, to try Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard, surgeon of Her Majesty's steam-sloop Rattler, on allegations of cruelty to the sick preferred by the ship's company of that vessel during a period of four years, terminated its sittings yesterday, and no case has excited more interest in the fleet or received more thorough investigation at the hands of such a tribunal. The charges were:- " L For that the said Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard, when surgeon of Her Majesty's steam-slbop Rattler, and in actual service and full pay of Her Mtajesty's fleet, on the 6th dayof January, 1855, on board the said steam-sloop, did act in a cruel, negligent, and unkind manner towards Caine Tomby, of the said sloop, who is now dead, and did nottreat him when sick with proper care and attention. "2. For that the said Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard, when surgeon of the said sloop, and in actual service and full pay of Her Majesty's fleet, did not perform his duty as such surgeon in a proper manner on board the said sloop, at the times hereinafter respectively mentioned, by not treating with sufficient care and kindness the men hereinafter mentioned, belonging to the said sloop, when in .-, bad state of health, that is to say:- " ' Joseph Fabery and Charles Thompson (both since deceased), on the 15th and 16th days of April, 1852. " ' illiam BrumInam (since deceased), on the Ist day of June, 1852, and on the 1st day of January, 1853. " ' Samuel Henderson (since deceased), on the 29th and 30th days of April, 18552. "'Geor"e Digby (since deceased), on the Ist day of January, 1853. "' John Duggan, on the 5th day of July, 185, and the 4th day of Au-u, 1854. t"'1 James eilson, between the 31st day of August and the 3s a fOtbr 84 "'George Wright, on the 5th of November, 1853. "'Thomas Broadhurst, between the 31st day of December, 1853, and the 1st day of September, 154 ' Charles Cox (since deceased), on the 1st day of Novemh'er,185 "'James Barriman, between the 11th d..y of May, 1854, and the 31st day of July, 1854. "' John Skewrs, on the 5th day of iFebruary, 1856. " 'George Johnston, betwreen the 7th day of September, 1855, and the 13th day of September, 1855, and on the 17th day of September, 1855."' The Court consisted of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard S. Dundas,K.C.B., of the Duke of Wellington, President; Captains H. J. Codrington, C.B., of the Algiers; Sir Thomas Maitland, C.B., of the Excellent; G. R. MUundy, of the Nile; G. A. Eliott, of the St. Vincent; W. Ramsay, C.B., of the Hogue; the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., of the fleet; J. Robb, of the Cessar; R. B. Watson, C.B., of the Imperieuse; George IRamsay, C.B., of the Euryalus; W. H. Hall, CB., of the Blenheim; H. Lyster, of the Arrogant; E. Gt. Fanshawe, of the Hastings; and Mr. W. J. Ilellyer, Deputy Judge-Advocate of the Fleet. A great number of witnesses were called for the prosecution; the prisoner then made his defence, and called witnesses to sapport his statement. At 12 o'clock the court was cleared for deliberation, and remained closed until halfpast 5, when the public -was readmitted, and the following "Finding" delivered. The Court is of opinion, " that the first charge had not been proved against the said Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard, and, with respect to the second charge, the Court was of opinion that it had been proved in so far as it related to Thomas Broa&hurst, John Skews, and George Johnston, and partly proved as it related to Charles Thompson, Williamn Brumham, James Wilson, and Charles Cocx; but that it had not been proved so far as it related to Joseph Fabery, Samuel Henderson, George T. Digby, John Duggan, George Wright, and James Barriman. The Court did therefore adjudge the said Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard to be acquitted of the offences specified in the said first charge; and for so much of the offences specified in the second charge as had been proved againsthim, the Court did adjudge the said Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard to be placed at the bottom of the list of surgeons in the Royal navy, and to forfeit all claims to increased rates of pay or half-pay to which he would otherwise have been entitled for the period of his services.on beard Her Majesty's said steam-sloop Rattler, from the 10th day of September, 1851, to this 8th day of the present month of May, 1856, and the said MLr. Francis Bowen Pritchard was so sentenced accordingly." The Cleopatra steam transport azrived at Spithead on Wednesday night, from the Crimea, with the following passengers and troops:-Sister .M. Frances (Lady Superior), and the following Sisters of Mercy:-Mary Elizabeth, Mlary Joseph, Mary Clara, Joseph Mary, Mary Pauline, Mary Aloysius, Aloysius Mary, Mary Stanislaus, Mary Agnes, Magdalene; the Rev. J. T. Woollet, Roman Catholic Chaplain; Mrs. Burke; lMr. Belshaw, Superintendent of the Army Works Corps; Dr. Housley, in medical charge; Major Pakenham, 30th Regiment; Dr. Milroy, Sanitary Commissioner to the Army in the East; Captain Thomson, 54th Regiment, and Mrs. Thomson; Mr. Sineal, Engineer, R.N., 511 menof the Arny Works Corps, 1 man of the 30th Regiment, 1 of the 50th, 1 civilian, 1 horse, S Russian guins, 11 English guns, 9 mortars, &c. These will all be landed at Portsmouth this afternoon. The Amphion, 34, Captain Chads, left Spithead on Wednesday evening for the West Indies. The Driver, 6, Commander Gardiner, left Spithead on Wednesday evening for the eastward, with four mortarvessels in tow. The Black Eagle steam yacht, Master Commander Petley, left Portsmouth yesterday for Woolwich. The Rodney, 90, Captain Wilson, was to sail last evening for the East, to bring home troops. The Calcutta, 84, Captain W. King Hall, sailed from Plymouth for the East Indies on Tuesday morning. The frigate Liffey, 50, launched at Devonport on Monday, has been placed in dock at Keyham to receive her engines and boilers. The lighter Tortoise is ordered to take in rigging and stores at Devonport for the steamvessel Alert, at Pembroke, and a party of riggers and seamen are to embark in the Confiance, for the purpose of bringing the Alert to Plymouth immediately after she is lannched. The trawl sloop Fawn brought into Plymouth yesterday morning Captain Rodanet and seven seamen belonging to the brig Charles Adolphe, of Rochelle, which was run into and dismasted on Monday evening, 20 miles off the Lizard, by a bark, name unknown. The crew were taken off on Tuesday morning, when they were in a wretched condition, and had partly constructed a raft, fearing the brig would go down. One man and a boy went on board the bark. The mate was landed on the coast of Cornwall. Captain Rodanet and his men are safely lodged in the Sailors' Home at Plymouth. The bark Antagonist, of Plymouth, Captain Blake, from Hamburg for Batavia, went into Falmouth on Wednesday, in a damaged state, -with two of the French brig's crew. Her Majesty's gunboats Midge and Tiny, of 212 tons each, were launched from Messrs. Young, Son, and Maunay's, Limehouse dockyard yesterday, and steamed to Woolvich. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- ML G. Jackson, to be Lieutenant to the Edinburgh; A. G. F. Duinaresq, to be Lieutenant to the Euryalus; C. E. K. Brett, to be Lieutenant to the James WVatt; Frederick Temple, to be Lieutenant to the London; John Z. Creasy, to be Lieutenant to the Orion; J. F. Prowse, to be Lieutenant to the Acorn; Thomas Barrett, to be Lieutenant to the Ajax; John A. Vaurenen, to be Lieutenant to the Nile- T. M. Kilsall, to be Lieutenant to the Cressy; J. H. Cnlverel, to be Lieutenant to the Royal George; J. D. O'Grady, to be Lieutenant to the Elk; A. K. Forde, to be Lieutenant to the Virago; G. M. Hawkinson, to be Lieutenant to the Royal GEorge; Alfred *Whiffin, to be Assistant-Paymaster to the Majestic; Richard J. Jones, to be clerk to the Indefatigable. A party of Crimean sick and wounded invalids, to the number of 250, arrived at Chatham yesterday from Portsmouth, at which port they disembarked from the steam transport Great WVestern. After the necessary examination had been made seven men were ordered to be taken to Fort Pitt general lhospital, and the remainder to Brompton hospital and St. Mary's barracks. It has been considered expedient to limit the future admission of strangers to view Woolwich Arsenal to Tuesdays and Fridays only.
COLLECTION OF THE LATE SAMUEL ROGERS. T'P iTl TA v No. 1,210. A collection of 10 exquisite paintings, in colur, o sbjetsand arabesques from the great temple at Delhi, in morocco. 12 guineas. A similar collection, not mentioned in the catalogue. 11 guineas. A Spanish sketch, by Sir David Wilkie, also omitted in the catalogue sold for 81 guineas. No. 1,2z2. 'Prout. ionument of Petrarch, and Petrach's house. Bistre, shaded with blue. 16 guineas. No. 1,242. Constable, R.A. Stoke Clurch. Water colours3 guineas. No. 1,2aaa. Turner, R.A. Stonehenge. The celebrated drawing from which the ngraving " England and Wales" was taken. 290 guineas. 3r. Walis. Nos. 1,2;6 to 1,272. The beautiful drawings by Flaxruan, illustrative of (Eschylus, Homer, Dante, &C., and of Mr. Rogers's "Human Life," realized 160 guineas. No. 1,274. A Collection of the :Frescoes and Ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, after Michael Angelo, by Vasari-37, in a book-box; Russia. From Sir Peter Lely's and Sir Joshua Reynold's collection. 201 guineas. Nos. 1,27a-7. Three Sketch-books of Sir Joshua Reynolds's-one with numerous studies of fgures and landscapes, and MS. notes relative to his tour in Italy. 281 guineas. No. 1,279. A beautiful Collection of Drawings of Flowers, in water-colours, on velum, exquisitely finished, by a German artist of the 17th century ; morocco. From the celebrated Sagrado collection, at Venice. 20 guineas. No.1,289. Gilpin's Sketch-book; comprising 30 land. scapes, in Lndian ink, and numerous MS. notes by the artist. 27 guineas. The amount of the day's sale exceeded 9201.
THE ARBHY V THE CRIMEA. GEh'RAL ORDERS. Head,quarters, Sebastopol, April 24. lITo. 1. Lieutenant Rainford, of the 9th Regiment, having tendered unconditionally the resignation of his commission, wil proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-GeneraL No. 2. Lieutenaut Priestley, 88th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a captain, from the 12th of March. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke, 2d Lragoons, to the 30thof June; Captain R. Campbell, 34th Regiment, to the 10th of May; Lieutenant F. Currie, 79th Regiment, to the 10th of May; Ensign and Adjutant Gordon, 50th Regiment, to the 31st of July; Ensign Lord Louth, 79th Regiment, to the 10th of May. By order, C. A. WIXDHAId, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 22. No. 1. The regimental promotions and appointments published by authority in the London Gazettc of the 14th of April, 1856, will take effect in this army from their respective dates. No. 2. The Commander of the Forces regrets that, reductions in the Land Transport Corps malke it necessary that many excellent non-commissioned officers on probation for that service, and doing duty in a superior rank, either as non-commissioned officers or officers, should rejoin their regiments. All those whose names have not appeared in General Orders, as "appointed pending Her Majesty's pleasure," must rejoin their regiments; but the Commander of the Forces will place before the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief the names of those whose efficiency and aptitude for the service have been certified by the officers commanding battalions in the Land Transport Corp. Colonel M'Murdo, Director-General of the Land Transport Corps, will give directions to those who are to rejoin their regiments. No. 3. The Field-Marshal Commandinz-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards-to Lieutenant Burnand, 17th Lancers, to the 31st of May; Lieutenant Chanter, 57th Regiment, to the 31st of May; and on medioal certificate to Colonel Denny, 71st Regiment, to the 31st of July; Until the destination of the regiment is known, to Major Thomas, 77th Regiment; and on private affairs to Paymuaster Brown, 95th Regiment. No. 4. Major the Hon. W. Yelverton, havingcommanded the companies of the siege train Royal Artilery stationed at Windmill Camp, from the 23d of February tothe 15th of April, may draw command pay and field allowance for that period accordingly. No. 5. Lieutenant Connell, 46th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a captain from the 7th of ApriL No. 6. Leave of absence is granted to Captain P. Young, 14th Regiment, to the 10th of May; on medical certificate to Mr. H. Suter, Chief Interpreter, to the 31st of May, to go to Scutari; and, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Veterinary Surgeon Towers, 13th Light Dragoons. No. 7. M1r. H. Suter, Chief Interpreter, having left two horses at the public service, forage may be drawn for them. By order, C. A. WLN-DHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 23. No. 1. The 9th, 17th, 39th, 62d, and 63d Regiments Will be held in readiness for embarcation at the shortest notice. No. 2. Lieutenant Fraser, 41st Regiment, having acted as Adjutant of his regiment, may draw pay accordingly, from the 7th of February to the Ist of April. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted to Captain Close, 90th Regiment, to the 30th of June. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 25. No. 1. Lieutenant-General Sir William Eyre, E.C.B., having been selected for appointment to the staff on another station, will proceed to England bythe earliest opportunity; Brevet-Major Robertson, 4th Regiment, Aide-de-Camp, and Lieutenant St. Clair, 21st Regiment, Aide-de-Camp, will accompany the Lieutenant-General. No. 2. Regimental officers serving upon the staff of this army, with the exception of those doing duty with the _Land Transport Corps, will be prepared to rejoin their regiments when ordered for embareation. No. 3. The undermentioned officers will rejoin their regiments from the 27th inst. inclusive for embarcation :-Brevet Major Cooch, 62d Regiment; Captain Darling, 9th Regiment; Captain Van Straubenzee, 9th Regiment; Captain Milligan, 39th Regiment. Also the following, whose appointments on the staff will be discontinued :-Colsnel Adams, C.B., 2Sth Regiment; Brevet-Major Faussett, 44thllegiment; Captain Gregory, 2d Battalioll, 1st Regiment; Lieutenant H. Eyre, 2d Battalion, Rifle Brigade. No. 4. The regiments of the Third Division in camp will be formed into one brigade from the 27th inst., under the command of Brigadier-General Trollope, C.B. The Divisional Staff Officers and Brevet-Major Daniell, Major of Brigade, will remain attached to this brigade. A regiment of this brigade will be held in readiness to replace the 39th Regiment at Balaklava. No. 5. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence for the recovery of his health to Surgeon O'Leary, 6Sth Regiment, to the 12th of May; and on private affairs to Assistant-Surgeon Lundy, 79th Regiment, to the 5th of May; Assistant-Surgeon Grier, 924 Regiment, to the 2d of May; Paymaster Blake. 93d Regiment, to the 30th of April. And, until the destination of their regiments is known, to Lieutenant-Colonel Sharps, 72d Regiment; MKajor Gwilt, 34th Regiment; Major Greer, 68th Regiment. No. 6. The following promotions in the Medical Department are published:- Acting Assistant-Surgeon Robert Lucas to be Assistant-Surgeon 734 Foot, dated the 224 of February; Acting Assistant-Surgeon Cyrus O'Daniell to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Forces, dated the 27th of February. No. 7. General Order, No. 11, of the 27th of December, 1855, is cancelled. Captain Davis, Royal Artillery, having performed the duties of Deputy-Assistant QuartermasterGeneral at the head-quarters of the Royal Artillery, may draw pay and allowances accordingly from the 9th of November, 1855, to the 16th of February, 1856. No. S. Captain Davis, Royal Artillery, havinig been ap. pointed to superintend for the whole of the artillery the issue of all stores comning from the Ordnance Storekeeper at Balaklava, may receive an allowance of 5s. a-day from the 17th of February. No. 9. Lieutenant J. Benison, 95th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a captain from the 1st of April, 1856. No. 10. The General Order No. 665, dated Horse Guards, 3d of April, 1856, has this day been distributed to regiments. NJo. 1i. Leave of absence is granted to, until his retire. ment from the service, to LieutenantW. Slott, 1st Battalion, Rifle Brigade. No. 12. Surgeon Longmore, 19th Regiment, having left one charger.at the public service, forage may be drawn for him. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff.
TsH: ENLisTraNr DIsp1JT.-The enlistment affair, which was made a matter of international dispute, and permitted to disturb the commerco of the two nations, was wholly an error of the Government. lIad our Cabinet at once applied the only remedy which was consistent with the dignity of the State-the dismissal of the parties who violated ourlaws-there the case would haveended The people of the United States cared little fortheoffence, orhow it mightbe settled, short of maldng it a snbject of serious diferene betweenthetwo Governments. The wholecase wasone of pure legal and diplomatic techncality, involving in the acts comr plained of no feeling of resentment, and demanding at most its disavowal by the Govermnent of Her Majesty. It was prolonged into a controversy, and magnified into a serious question of difference, solely for ulterior purposes, by the Pierce-Mlarcy Cabinet..--New York Henacd. TAn;lYsEswrzEs.-Theaxnoimt of the origin31 navy estimates for the current year was 19,876,665e., and the amount of revised estimates 16,o68,Gl4i. The amount already voted is 16,780,1541., leavng 8il,2601. to be voted. The estimates already voted include 7664S71. for the paeket service, and 6,000,0001. for the transport service and pri soners of war. There is a supplimentary estimat of 41,0001. for new works, improvements, and repairs.
MBRLAND. (Fp.OM oWl OWN CORRESPONDEN-T.) DUBLIN, TwuRSDAY Mon?xG. TIE Tfl'PERARY BMNE. The case of "Carrollv. Wilson Kennedy," decided yesterday in the Court of Exchequer, is fortunately an isolated one, otherwise the decision would have led to new and difficult complications as regards the winding up of the affairs of the un fortunate Tipperary Bank According to the judgment pronounced by the Chief Baron, the plaintiff is now at liberty to sue out execution on foot of his judgment against any party he mny think proper wti is responsible for the liabilities of the bank, without waiting for the termination of the proceedings in Chancery. The amount of Carroll's demand is 1,3001, and it is probablethat it 'willbeliquidated by the official manager if the Master give hun authority to do so. The following is an outline of the case, which came before the Court in the forn of an application to rescind an order made by Baron Richards, in chambeis, on the 11th of March last, and that judgment marked by the plaintiff on the 16th of the same month be permitted to st;and - " The order made by the learned Baron va., that the defendant should have three weeks time to plead, the order to be without prejuduce to any application for further time to plead if he could not plead within the time allowed. The summons and plaint, it appeared, issued on the 21st of February, and the petitio. under the Winding-up Act was presented on the same day, and it was contended on one side and denied on the other that the summons and plaint were pending at the time the petition was filed. No defence was Bled, and on the 8th of March, the time for pleading having expired, judgment was regularlymarkedon the 10th of March. It further appeared that on the 4th of March the Master of the Rols dissolved the company, and made an order of reference to Master Murphy to appoint an official manager,who was not, in fact, appointed until the 17th of March, so that the judgment was marked, the notice of motion served, and the order made by Baron Richards before the appointment of a manager took place. The action was brought by Michael Carroll for the recovery of money lent on foot of deposit receipts for 1,3001., signed by the manager of the Roscrea Bank; and the effect of the order of Baron Richards, if allowed to stand, would be not merely to give the defendant, MEr. 'Wlson Eennedy, additional time to lead, but in effect to stay theproreedings. Accordingto the ganksng A ct (6th of George IV., chap. 42, sec. 18), no execution could issue against a shareholder or contributor who had transferred his shares after the expirationof three years from the time at which the transfer had been made. The list of contributors in this case was published, and from the list it appeared that in a very short time many of them would be free from liability, and, being so freed, it was contended the plaintiff's rights might be dispensed with. By the 11th and 12th of Victoria, chap. 55, sect. 23, it was enacted 'thatno order for the dissolution of acormpanyshouldextend, enlarge, prejudice, alter, or affect the rights and remedies of creditors,' but it did not affect tho remaining of the three years; and it was a general rule that the common law right to sue could not be taken away, unless it was perfectly clear that it was the intention of the Legislature to withdraw it. By the 73d section of the act it was alleged that the hands of the plaintiff were tied up. According to that section, after the appointment of the official manager, no creditor was empowered to commence an action against him as the representative of the company until proof of debt was exhibited before the Master; and it was contended that if the plaintiff was allowed to hold his judgment it would not be necessary for him to prove his debt at all. The method of Droof provided by the statute was as follows :-By the 72d siction of the original act, within 10 days after the absolute order was brought in the Master was bound to publish an advertisement in the Caelttc, calling on the creditors to come in and prove their demands; and the amended act was passed to prevent the dis,puteswhichfrequentlyarose in consequence of the non-insertion of such notices. By the latter act the Master could, if he thought fit, dispense with the advertisement, provided he were satisfied that the creditors had one notice, but no proceeding by any creditor should be stayed by reason of the advertisement not being published. "UIpon the foregoing facts it was contended, on the argument, that the order of Baron Richards should be rescinded, as it had the effect of staying the plaintff's proceedings, which were perfectly regular,while, on behalf ofthe defendant, it was relied on that the learned Baron's order was a very proper one, and that a judgment, marked under the circumstances, could not be upheld. " The Chief Baron, in pronouncing the judgment of the Court, said, it was stated to be a motion ' to stay proceedings' under colour of obtainingadditional time to plead, but he could not agree tothat allegation, considering the position of the bank at the time. The two proceedings commenced on the same day, and it was natural that the defendant should have had time to make inquiries to enable him to file a proper defence, and, therefore, the Court was clearly of opinion that Baron Richards was right in granting the additional time. A most important question had been raised on the present motion, and the Court were, in his (the Chief Baron's) opinion, called on to deal with the matter as if they were dealing with it on the 11th of March, and to exercise their discretion as to whether the judgment should or should not be set aside. It was contended that the proceedings in equity did not afford the remediesthe plaintiff would have under his judgment, and if that were the case the Court should bo very slow to set it aside. He (the Chief Baron) had carefully looked into the statutes, and he had come to the conclusion, that the remedies afforded by [them were iniferior to the plaintiff's rights under the judgment, and, therefore, ho thought it ought not to 'be set :aside. The winding-up acts were, he thought, misunderstood to a great extent. By them a creditor could not get the carriage of the proceedings in Chancery, or prevent delay, and was not entitled to notice. All that was to be done by the official manager, who had the power of compounding debts, &c., and, therefore, the rights of creditors, should be carefully guarded. The machinery under the statutesawas complicated, .and might he madethe instrument of fraud on creditors if not carried on bond Side, and for that reason also they should be protected by the courts of law. His lordship, in conclusion, expressed his opinion, and the opinion of the Court, that the judgment should stand. "Thse other judges concurred, with the exception of Baron Richards, who made the order appealed from, and who thought that the judgment ought to be set aside as it was marked after the notice of motion was served." AM. JOMN SADLIEI'S LAND SWINDLES. The Cork Exraminer, commenting upon the magnitude of Sadleir's land speculations, or swindles rather, as revealed in the recent return from the Encumbered Estates Coiut, says,- " It appears that during a comparatively short time lMr. Sadleir became the purchaser, either in whole or part of 10 distinct properties, for which he paid, or rather agreed to pay, a total sum of 221,4001. Extensive asweretheresources at the command of Mr. Sadleir, we still find that his speculationsinthis courtcarriedhimnsomewhat toofar, forinthesame return we meet a gentle hint in the shape of a peremptory order issued on the 20th of December, 1853, directing him to ledge 10,0001. in the matter of the purchase of the len"aII estate, previous to the 30th of that month, or in default threatening imiediate sequestration. In the months of January, February, and March, 1354, the Commissioners issuedthreeordersto the sameeffect, in reference to the purchase money of the same estate; but the retin does not state whether those orders were complied with. It further appears that the conveyances ex-ecuted by the Commissioners to Mr. Sadleir amounted to 20, and in another paragraph it is stated that the purchasemoney in the Glengal estate alone amounted to 7,9701." FIRE, AND LOSS OF SEVEN LIvES. The following is an extract of a letter from Strabane, county of Tyrone, dated yesterday morning:- "A most destructive fire occurred in Strabane during the night-the Deaf and Dumb Institution there being almost entirely consumed. The most terrible circumstance connected with it is, that no fewer than seven children belon'ing to the establishment lost their lves. I have not yet heard the full particulars, but it is stYated thiat six of the chldrenjhave been burnt to death, and that tho body of the other is supposed to be buried in the ruins." THE MRDER OF MRS. KELLY. The application to admit Mir. George Strevens to bail has been deferred until to-morrow, when the motion will be made at the sitting of the Court of Queen's Bench. is counsel are quite sanguine of the application being successful. Saun=derss Netwsletter of this morning states that an action for defamation of character, claiming damages to the amount of 5,0001., has been insti-. tuted by Mr. George St-evens against Mr. Christopher William Camlpion, the late Mrs. Kelly's confidential solicitor, for having charged l!r. Strevens with being concerned in the conspiracy to murder that lady. The plaintiff has already retained MIessrs. M'Donough, Whiteside, and Heron. The action will be tried before the Chief Baron at the sittings of the next Trinity Term. 3AILLASLOE MAY FAR. "Wednesday Evening, 5 o'Clock. "The fair has turned out much better than was expected this morning. All aninals in good condition metwvithlready sales at rates about It. or 15s. per head below those of this time last year. This was not the case as regards light stock. In many mstances the owners of this class of cattle sold at considerable advantage. Many extensive graziers, however, who had made purchases in October last, have been obliged to dispose of their stock-at anything but remunerativeprices, One gentleman -who purchased 33 heifers in the October fair of this town for 91. 10s. per head, sold them at the same price to-day, havinyg lost their keep since that time. This is but one of many instances of the same description, while no doubt many cases might be adduced of an opposite nature. At all events a reduction in prices was confidently expected; and the reduction, it is g tifying to observe, has been on the whole inonsiderable. A quantity of stock offered for sale at the late fairof Moate brought the same price to-day which could have been realised there, It is not surprising that the late rains have been the means of preventing store cattle from decining further in the market. The supply of sheep is not large, and as a consequence good prices have been obtained, especially for 'wethers. There were few, if any, good horses offered for sale, Animals suited for farming purposes were eagerly sought after, but there was little demand for hunters or char-ers. There were a good many pigs offered for sale, but not%ing more than the prices of the neighbouring fairs were ealized. Some of the purchasers of sheep came a very considerable distance; for instance, the steward of the Earl of Shannon was present, endeavouring to obtain suitable animals to take to Cork. He purchased about 1,2001. of stock, THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91' 8; ditto, for accomunt, June 9,N920 ; New Three pr Cent. Stock, 91i 02.911; ditto, for a4&ount, June 9,2. c, l
ST. THOASA, CHATERHOUSR. lEDUCATIO OF THE POOR. Yesterday Mr. Gladstone, BLP., publiecly laid the foundation stone of a new school for supplying a free education to the children of the costermnongers and poor inhabitants of Golden-line and Mhitecross-street, in the parish of St. Thomas, Charterhouse, in the presence of a large number of the inhabitants. The district mn which the school is about to be erected is, perhaps, one of the poorestand most densely ulated inthe metropolis. It contains about 9,000 inr-itants, 2,400 fahles, 3,100 children between 3 and 14, of whom only 715 attend a schooL The 'wla condition of these children, and their inability to attend the present schools having been represented to the lord President of the Council, the Committee of Council on Education has been pleased to vote a grant of two-thirds of the expenses of ere-ctig anew scoo7l for the special benefit of the poorest children in the district. After the ceremony of laying the foundation stone was concluded, a>. GrAsosx addressed the company present at some length and with his usual ability. Adverting to an observation made in the course of the proceedings by the Rev. Mr. Rogers. the incumbent of St. Thomas, Charterhouse, at whose suggestion the school is about to be erected, in reference to the relations between the west and east of London, he said he heartily wished that the great mine which that topic opened up was now or had ever been thoroughlXy worked, and that those who inhabited the western portion of the metropol,is were alive to the immense resp,onsibi7ity whichattachedto themin referencetovastmasses oftheropulationof this city, whowere as completelyiunknowntotneinhabitants of themagnificent squares andstreetsofLondonasif they were not feflow countrymen, or even fellow Christians, and who might be betterknown if theyinhabited the remotest quarters of the globe. (Hear, hear.) He did not thinkl it was recollected, but he took it to be undeniably true, that he who built a square or a street of palaces, at the west end of London, not only virtually brougfit a class into existence, and adjacent streets filled with the dwellings of tradesmen, and other streets, more remote and more humble, filled with the dwellings of labourers, who waited upon those tradesmen, but likewise that the quarter of Belgravia filled the quarte r of Bethnal-green- and that in the east of London the constant growth and progress of the population were continually gomg on, not only contemporaneouslv vith, but directly referable to and springing from the wealth of the population of the west, and all the numerous demands whichthatwealthcreated, fostered. andmultiplied. (Cheers.) They had sung, during the ceremony of that day, a psaLn, in which it was said, that "Childrenandthe fruit of thewomb are an heritage and gift thatcomethof theLord." They knew those words were founded deep in the truths of the Divine Word. But there was no man who walked through the streets of London, and especiaLly the more wretched arts of it, who did not feel that those words were a trial of h faith. When they considered what human nature was and at what cost it had been redeemed-when they reflected what destinies were open to it-how many and great were its vicissitudes-and how severe were its temptations and its trials, it was terrible to think of the amount of labour that remained undischarged. And yet "Children and the fruit of the womb are an heritage and gift that cometh of the Lord;" and, difficult though it might be, yet it was not impossible to carry honic to the hearts and minds of men, and into the houses of every class of the community, the blessed and comnforting consciousness of that truth, so that, instead of a trial of faith, it should, on the contrary, become the daily food and support of fathers and mothers, who, though it might be their lot to earn their bread-and perhaps scanty bread-by the labour of their hands and the sweat of their brow, might see their offspring growing up in the faith, fear, and love of God. (Cheers.) H3 e believed those who, with him, adhered to the principle that it was wise to drawpayment from the labouring classes, so called, for the education of their children, were yet prepared to go along with the founders of this school vwhen they were dealing with a class who were not called the labouring class, by whom he meant, independent of their vocation, persons who had fixed abodes, but with a dloating sea of human life, in which were tossed up and down a huge mass of less fortunate beings, not inaptly termed "-the Arabs of modern civilization"-great masses of energy and animal and mental life, but untamed and unreclaimed ; and he did not for a moment question the wisdom of the pmnci le with which they threw open the doors of their schoolto that class of the population, and bade them come and receive freely the Inowledge which they offered them. (Cheers.) Mr. Rogers had in a jocular way observed that among other inducements to his undertaking this work was the belief that he was to some extent laying the foundation of Christian eloquence in London, seeing that, dealing as he would do chiefly 'with the children of costermongers, he might go far to put an end to that coarse clamour which in this metropolis distracted the minds of those who had sermons to prepare, and prevented them producing efforts worthy of their theme. He (Mr. Gladstone) ventured to go one step beyond that, and say that he knew not why those schools should not lay the foundation of a great deal of other eloquence. He knew not why those ragged boys whom they caught in the street and sought to educate should not themselves, under the hands of skilful workmen, become contributors to that Christian eloquence the extension of which they all desired. (Cheers.) Mr. Rogers, in a pamphlet he had v,written, had referred to a day when it might fairly be proposed to connect this school with the hierarchy of schools above it, and had wellremarked thiat "a child of this district would have an opportunity of acquiring a good sound practical education, without baing a burden to his parents; and, if found worthy to be draughted off to Dulwich College, in accordance with the will and intentions of Alleyne, the universities would be open to hir; and who knows whether, at some future time, a denizen of this poor, despised, and degraded district of St. Thomas, Charterhouse. might not mount the woolsack or fill the see of Canterburye' Such thin'rs had happened before now, and might occur again. In this free country the paths of preferment were open to alL It might be said that every man had "a clear stage and no favour." Many of those who had filled the see of Canterbury had been enabled to point to the lowliness of their origin. The church, even in the worst possible times, had been ever ready to befriend the virtuous and the learned. There was no period when it had not been the privilege and the hope of the poor to rise to eminence by meritoriouslabours in her service. He hoped that it would never be otherwise, and that the path of the priesthood, adorned at that moment by so many conspicuous examples of piety and learning, would ever be the path in which man might gratify his natural tendency to expand his energies ana bestow benefits on his fellow creatures. (Cheers.) The meeting was also addressed by the Bishop of St. David's, the Dean of Salisbury, Sir Stafford Northcote, MYP., and other gentlemen present.
THEI FLoum TRADE E ThE TU mED STATES.- lt has seldom happened, if ever before, in the flour trade, when such a wide nmargin has prevailed between choice extra brands and inferior or common grades. To an outsider the difference no doubt appears inexplicable. A few words will likely tend to explain the reason why the first grade of floor referred to sells at -10 25c., and inferior to good common State at $6 to SG 22c.-a difference of t4 per barreL The supply of choice extra brands of flour from the last crop of wheat has been limited, and chiefly derived from Southern mils, or from St. Louis, with some parcels from Canada and southern parts of Ohio and Indiana. The Genesee valley, which has hitherto supplied this market with large quantities of choice extra flour, including such brands as Hiram Smyth's, has this year supplied little or none, for the reason that about harvest time the severe wet weather caused the wheat to grow or sprout in the fields, and to render it unfit for the manufacture of prime extra flour. The Michigan grown wheat, to a great extent, shared the same fate. and cut offprime extra flour from that source. Hence, bakers and families were compelled to purchase the extra brands from the points above stated, and especially from the South and St. Louis. Much of the flour sold in this market as extra Genesee is said to have been ground from Upper Canada good white wheat at the Rochester mi7ls. Hence the continued limited supplies for choice extras in this mar ket has kept up prices. Haxall, Gallego, and Richmond mnills, mostly ta -en for export to tropical climates, as it keeps better than any, and enters very little into domestic consumption, sells now at eI10 50-. The brands of St. Louis, known as the Four Aces, and Franklin mills, with choice Georgetown and Crenshaw's Richmond City miLs, are the kinds at present used by those who desire a choice article, and range in prices from $9 S7?c. to $10 25c.; while medium of good State and Western extras range from $6 50c. to $7 50c., and common, fancy and ordinary extra Southern at $7 50c. to $8 765. The great bulk of flour sold in this market under the name of inferior and common State, at $6 to $6 25c., is not deemed fit for domestic consumption, either by bakers or families, and is almost wholly bought up for export to Europe or to the British provinces, where it must be mixed with a better quality of native grown flour before it is fit for use. No baker in this city would improve his business by fumnishing his customers with bread made from it. Whence is supplied the immense quantity of flour known as common State sold in this market? The wheat from which it is produced is chiefly k7nown as Upper Lake, and is mostly gown in Illinois and parts of Wisconsin and Northern andiana, and especially on the prairies of Illinois, where the desire prevails to produce quantity regardless of quality. 3; abour being scarce, machinery IS brought to lend its aid to the fullest extent. It is cut by patent reapers, which take in much other growth besides wheat. It is then threshed by machines in thefields, and afterwards shipped eastward; andfromthe want of due care in the preparation of the land before planting, the berries are small and ight. This wheat is converted into flour chiefly at Oswego, Black Rock., and Lockport, in this State, where many of the millers pursue the same course as the growers, and endeavour to manufac. ture the largest quantity with little regard to quality. They do aU they can by machinery. Their barrels are nearly all made-staves, heads, &c.-by machinery, and often roughly and baly hooped with split poles, sent forward to New York, and sold as common State flour, and thence shipped to England and France, where American flour is often abused as being the poorest in the world. So badly are most of the barrels put together that in transit to Europe they [sometimes, it is said, part their hoops, and are reduced to bulk. The buyers or exporters on this side, it is said, when complaints come back, to excuse themselves, lay the fault on Aimerican sctors, wvho, it is reported, in some instances, have branded the flour for a higher grade than its qualiy justified. The contrast between flour thus made from imperfect and cheap wheat, andcarelesslyput up for mark;et, with that made at the South and at St. Louis and other points from well grown carefully cult, and selected wheat, in neat, strong, well made, and well secured barrels, must be very great, and accounts for the wide difference in prices. It is estimated that onehalf or more of all the flour sold in thiss market the past season has belonged to the class of common brands.-KCI0 York Hcraffd. SmAm? :BITWEE LIVERFOOL AN.D AiC mLDirect steam communication is about to be established between Liverpool and the West Coast of Africa, and the iverpool African Association have petitioned Government ;0 allow a portion of the African mails to be sent from LiverpooL.
SAT S 1BY AUCTION. Very choice Scvres, Dresden. Chelsea, and Oriental Porcelain, and Decorative Objects. 1UTESSRS. CHRISTIE and AIANSON respect-fully give notice, that they lviU SELL by AUCTIO'P at their great XBom, on Monday, May 12, at 1 precisely, a very choice ('OLLECTION of rare Oriental, Dresdlen. and SOvres PORCELAIN, of the highest quality, and Objects of Decorative Art, the property of a gentleman. 'lhe porcelain compries Lne and rare oriental vases, cisterns and bottles, and other pieces of great beauty; a pair of very fine Srvres vases, exquissitely painted; a beautiful set of three jardini&res, comP(icttres, plateaux, and other Pieces, a noble Eet of vase3 Of the finest period of Dresden, a beantiful tea 2nd coffee service exquisitely pxainted. also choice specimens of Berlin and Vienna, six vases of old thelsea of the highest quality and importance. and some curious pieces of other early Englishr ware: also some ex(Lisite Dresden suuff-boxes, fne old French clocks, Italian cinque cento bronzes, and elegant cabinets withpanelsofpietra du.lraandplawques of SLws. 3Maybe viewed Thurs lay. Friday. and Saturday preceding, and catalogiies hadL On View.-EseUeiut Household Furniture, Pictures, Plate. Medical Books. Surgical Instruments, Linen, hogenead 3Madeira(dutypaid), and misceUaneous Wines, late the property of Dr. hloore, of Saviferow. deceased. C-HIN'I-OCOK and GALSWORTHY will SELL by -J AUCTION , at the Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, THIS DAY. May 9. at 12. the entire FURINITURE of a large house in Saville-row of the usual description. and including suites for the drawiing room, dinimg room, and bed rooms, and many items of value. 23 paintings, ineludig a valuable work by West. and others by esteemed masters, 4JO vols. of sandard and medical books, including Dr. Hamilton's mnanuscript work on Mlidw;ifery: 40 dog, of very fine old Port (v.rious), S doz. Sherry. 7d, pints old Scot.ch vwhiskey, hogshead of Maleira, lying at llungerford-market, aservice of plate, china and glis. ad nmeros efecs, eingthegenineproperty of the lnto D.Moore. Cataloguesmay be beadat thei proomsr ; and of Chinnoe k a-id f alsweorthy. 23. Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Hiamnersinith.-Desirable small Leasehold Investments. MR. GEORGE BERRY will SELL by AUCTION J at the 31art, THIS DAY, May 9, at 1 for 2 precisely, in nine lois, r TNE HOUSES, each containing six rooms and wash-house.withfront nad back gardens, being Nos. 1. 3.4, 5, 6. 7. & 9. and 10. imeden-street, near the main road, Hammersmnith, eight of which are let to respectable tenantsofoldstanding. theother in hand, presenting a safe investmnet to persons of limited capital. May be viewed, and particulars had 10 days priorto the sale: as the Hand and Flower. Hammersmith. road; at the Mart; of Messrs. Suor and Gribble. Abchurch-lane, city; and of the auctioneer. S a. iWtcombe-street. Pelgrave-square. 21, Denbigh-place, Warwick-square. Pimlico-Excw11ent Furnituire, Piano in Rosewood, Cabinets, Bronzes. Engravings, China, Glass, &C. _IESSRS. J. B. HAWKER and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, THIS DAY 3May 9a t 12 for 1. by order of the Propriet-mr, the capital FURNITlikE, copHrising Arabian bedsteads, and edding, dra wers, toilet and cheval glasses, marble-top washstands, and dressing tables, wardrobe, a drawiing room suite in rosewood, and in crimson Utrecht velvet, noble chimney glca-ses, dining room furniture, library furniture. 12 chairs in oak and in leather. proof engravings, plated articIes.china,glass,andlkitchen items. On view the day prsvious and morning of sate. Catalogues on the premLsea and of the auctioneers. Woodfield-road. Harrow-road. Va.luable CoUect:n of Engravin,,, M.iOO vote. of Books, Drawing and other Intnumments. Microscope, Civil Enginecrs' Chest, Rifle and Revolver. &c. lUll. LEREW is favoured with instructions from the ,±.Tj.LExesutors of the late James Beatty. Esq., Engineer-in-Chief of The Crimean Rtailways, to SELL by AUCTIO'N, on the Premises, 13, Bloomfieldi-terrace..llarrow-rowal THEIS DAY (Fridaty), at12 for I, the LIBRARY of STANDARD WORKS of general literature, nearly new electro-plate(d articles, protractors, ivory scales, medical galvanic machine. opera glasses, barometers, pair of bronzes, and numerous items. May bu viewed.-Auction oflices, Cardington-street, EIampSlead.road. bydenham. Kent.-ltemaiuing Furniture, Semi-graimfi Pianoforte by Broadwvood, a few excellent Paintings, capital Clarence Canrige, W%ine. and Efffetsc MTESSRS. HERRING and SON will SELL by -1- AUCTIO.N. at the residence of the late William Cowvburn, Est., Sydenham, near the eiglit imile stone, on We;lnesday. May 14. (the house being disposed of,) the remainin-gARTICLES of FURN\ITUiPF. comprising ircn ?b,edsteads and mattresses, japanned wsshstands and dressing tables, glasses, mahogany and other tables, a return oak bookcare, couch, easy chairs, wvindow curtains, and gilt cornices, chandeliers rind bnpo. piano by Broadvvood. paintLngs by Hilder. Peroehino, &c.. clarence c,iriage in execlient condition with i?atent axles, lamps, and imperial, nine dozen of Hock, five doren Sameriie. 4S vols. of standard nrel, culitnary and miscellaneous articles, and effects, M1ay be viewed on T-uesday, 13th ins*., and catalogues had on the premises; at the (irayhound Inn, Sydenham; and of belsrs. Herring and Son, 109, Fleet-streeot. Carsbal on LodAe, Surrey.-The elegant Furniture and fRiects, choice WLsaes, finie CoUection of Oil Paintings, &c. ,llESSRS. DAWSON and KlNIGHT (having dis- kT. posed of the leawe) are instructed to offer to public CORPETITION, on Tuesdayand Wednesday,the 20th ard 21t days of bfay inst., the whole of the superior and elegant modern FURNITURE and EFFECTS i and about the house and prenmibes of the Lodge. Carshalton, in the county of Siurrey ; comprising mahoganiy four-post and other be1steads, mahogany chests of drawers, wardrobes, wash-stands and dres?ng tboles, and the usual chamber requisites, handsome drawing room, dining room, and library suites, elegant chimney and pier glasses in carned, and gilt frames, grand pianoforte in rosewood care, cottage planofort. organ in mahogasy case, flue collection of pictures, ceUar of csoirc wines, and numerous other effects. Catalogues are in preparation. and may shortlybo obtained on application to Messrs Dawson and Xnight,ancti-neers, 47,Mortimer-street, Cavendish-s44uare, and Chelmsfool, Esex. Freehold Land, cenferrin Votes for the Counties of Ididdiesex, Surrey, and Kcnt.-To be sold in Plots, s-R.,TINDALL -will SELL by AUCTION at the ,iL3tlrt. on Wednesday, 3May 14. at I precisely, POP TIONS of these v.aluable ESTATES purclasedby the Conservative, National, and Free Trade Land Societies, and known as the St. Margaret's Estate, Twvickenbam, vwith its pleasure grounds of 13 acre-,, ornamental waters and terrace walks on the banks of the Tbames; Brockley-hill Estate, Forestbill, within two miles of the Crystal Palace, and a quarter of an hour's rids of London. liornsey-rise Estate, Horns,y, within an easy distance of the city and west end. Portions of these estates are nlready built upon. anil offer an opportumity seldom met with for the erection of firot-class villa residences. Old Ford Estate, Bow. This portiono01the estate only has the priviege of being converted into shops. Also that valuable plot on the Camberwell Estate, espetalUy set apart for the erection of a public-home. Particulars may be had of M1essrs. Harrson and Lewis, solicitors, 14. New P-oswell-coisrt; at the Red Cap, rnam verwell-Freen; Hanley Arms. l?ornsey-road; Star and Garter :Bichmond: Felegraph Hotel. near the raihvay station, Forest-hill, otdt Ford; and at the St. John's-wood estate ollice, (where plans of the estates may be seen,) 23, Portland-terrace, near St. Joins's-wood C'hapeL 3andal'es-park. near Leatherhead,S rrey.-Houehold Furniture, small Collection of Pictures, and nuerou=s Effecte. f ESSRS. PAIEBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE _ havc received instructions to SELL. on the Premises, as above, TH IS DAY. May 9, and To-morrow, at 12 each day, the HOUSEHOLD FURNITU URE; comprising mnaboganyfour-post and iron bedi.sads and bedding, mashle-top washstands, wardrobes and chests of drawers, cheval and drcssing glasses, rosewood too, card, and occasional tables, couches, sofas. rnd cairs, console tables, chimney and pier gIazzei of Large dimensions, mahogany dining tables and chairs, bookcases, suites of curta'ins, Brussels carpets, several valuable French and other clocks by Goret, Tompion, Grimnldi, and Johnson, !c., a few bronres, oldDresden vasesand figures Pernion armour,weapons, casket, radd drawings, mecenchanin pipes, and ornamental items ;aoollection of ndctures, including spehaims of Breckdencamp, Calvert, Herring, Le Roy, *Miens, 9pie, Pether Powel, Ruysdae, Sligelandt, Terburg, Tows, Van WorreL lWebster, a beautiful specimen by Patrick Ilaysmith, a View on the Tunbridge Road, and another specimen by he same master; enamel of Rifng Charles I., a few drawings, &c.; two Irong repsitories,and various otherefftecets. May be viewed the day precedig ad mrnin ofval. Caaloueshadon the premises ; at the Bus-an Inn, Leatherhead: the Eagle Ilol, Epsom; the Sun Hotel, Xingsto,n; of St. P. B. ITook, Ens., soliitor. J, Lincoln's-inn-fields :ndat theofficesof Messrs. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye, Lancasterp)lace, Strand. No. 69, Queen-street. two doors from New Cannon-stret dcity.-By order of the Sheriff.-Elegant and weUl manufactured Household Furniture, including a costly Walnut-tree Suite, a Pair of richiy intaid Cabinets, several Chimney-glasses in g-ilt frames, a brilliant-toned I'-octave Cottage Pianoforte, large and rich pattern Velvet-pile Carpets. valtiable Proof Prints, &c.. superh Dining Room, Library and Bed Room Appointments. Japan Furniture. and numerous Useful and Ornamental Effects. a portion by orler of the Sheriff, together with another property, to be sold without reserve. m,-R. LEWIS begs to announce he is inst-ucted to 1^ SEiL by AUCTION, at the Warerooms, as above, TIIS DAY, ay. 9. at12, the whole of the costlY FURNITURE and EFFECTS; including handsome and richly carved pillar fourpo"t and Arabian bedsteads, with damask hangings, goose feather beds, double and single hole wash-stands and dretings, chests of mahogany and japan draweTs, noble winged and toilet wardrobes, cheval and dresang glaracs', carpets, curtas, &c.; an elegant walnut-tree suite of cha,res lolnges, and indulging chairs. with a handsome and richly carved loo, oblong, work, card, and other faucy tables cheffoniers fitted with plate-glaS, elegant'velvet-pile cPets,, pair of marqueterie cabinets, a brillat-tuned piano, and unmeros dawing room ele.-ancies; superb ellnig room, library, and parlour requisites, including Oet of stuffedback and other chairs, noble telescope dining tables, handsome carvedbcek sideboard, library tableawrought-iron safe, cheffonier, Brssels aucLWetiQfl, 13, YQZe-Stroft, Cit71 Syderdiam.-Hou teold Fuirriti t,5lp 0 by Coard, and varioan BELL b . A RU INSB A. ROBERTS WIll Station, Sydenbanr~ clSIA MOt esine -beingelR,)ithey. nialning Hou IJS-y ea Poeit and othe- 'ZaOL PUNTr cornnmmhgu oe warfirobo.e adbedng hetboeraed.wshsans Rees. lats ardoety ofi14M5e7enteW.tCmbrel crt.aeo ~mESR,Svl. H.k andOtNe aresclyn Tn edA.n ROBERgTSae and ote mScELLaneo&UsfctsO. Matybe viertd on Thursday. Mand3cata-2 loges hame on the prnistees, rciand tth et of Mesr. heBrw andivo of a hatLobet 22,m TahromoronEsq,2Threet. tnsret ndo esmI 3ow nTA.Reverrnta. a oit Tvroron-140 strc. .Cnos MESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBE RTS wMl 17 SELL by AUCTION, at the Mfart, on Tuesday May313, at 12. thero thEeRO 3otoage aOET ofr£1,405ilt DWLI.CnUoUSE, beaning t70 n iaincof thTr2eet, recanigeigabt aoon, thedet ofther surveivor of gnlanand lod ady,i eachle of the rag.et tof6 yers. Darticlars maywho hat of Win. Tabethusel, Esolicto22. 9 Chogemran-street. and bf Messrse.H Brown and T. A. Roberts, 22, Throgmorton-street. Olapenbrad,-A laeold InestmenodAte. 'ESSRS. R. BROWN and T. A. ]ROBERTS will mSE..Lby AUCTIO'N, at the3Mart, on Tuesday, May3, at2 12, by rdr o te ortage,a bic-bultDWLLI D-OVE, bING_ No.70.Manr-sree, ontinig eghtroms, nd the enenac h Ndof Mr. LobrateRussll, solcior I Colema-sret a nd -cof Ma M ESRS. . BROWN and T. A R'OBERTS will 1XSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. May 13. at 12. i onetw lots, by order ofteRettr o fthtMoteaee,FOU bric-ul DWEL RsslIlG thOUeS,xtesithvecUE of gRoundInEreao. be5gos L tu12d H ry' num, and held~~~~~~~ for about 13cr t£ s.pranm a bearswed and rined artculrs hd o Mesrs Pirenta and Hawks Threeuu Roberts, 22. Throgruorton-street.ets, 22 No pitudatfehil ads1.rehldEasat-rw,Kigs-ros MIiESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will IJ.SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. May 13. at 12. in two lots, byU brdeokte beultor DW fLINtHeOlaESMr ithomasrclussel inthe YeatensivetuSINES P0REM3 inlsieS,).4, Ludg-stre-ht, pier-treto,r Albcert adashoe, anM.Mesdt£8 pter aonnumece, adhldefo abou 1Measrs forabot 0 yar, aisng ro thelr ptremise,, Plamoant-row,tKing9s- ~~~~~~adprinted particulars had oMes. iryanHawts thre Cart;wnRet1uareto' , SouthwakaadomMsr. t.Bown-andtr.A, Rlomberts,22 ThrogmortondT.A.Roers-streretnr.n-tret Sptlfeds-rehold Estate.,hlldrcfo h a- fBdod MESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will M SELL by AUCTION. at theAuto Mart, on Tuesday. a 3 tP, inthe rear,of situateN. 120 teo 22inclutsie. Hunt-srdeet.th Moir-tgaeet, NdqetsCrgg.aenw,an GibbHOD S.AES atmprensaoing thos £xtenoar annum,ssi Mary baevee and printedury-arkt,cr had late the ardinthof Messs.palteoor. Candlem Burton, pe,aSouthamtormnuftret,uroeabry; Ns and ofMessrs H. Brwn and. A, Rberts,22, Thro.Gmrtgon-st ndt Leaehod Etats, eld diectromth lhket tofBedford.bot M ESSRS. . BROWN ad T. A. RBEiRT'S w3ill16 SELL y AUTION at hoActio Stat, o Motueda, devisble EASEHLD TATES comrisin thoer vateious premses n Buy-plce ad B atsgry-inarkents onlase tgfoandin lbs occuptionof M. ChrlesBurtn,i perambulpartorcaufactrehrtl hads audiO,Bloombury-mrket,inthes 3 oCclpatione n of Messr.Girsnan CIoper andTN. A. Thrarmort-streetajinn,lt toyM.Wodbot and 8, Fancs-steet ottnhmcour-rod. ltit Malesss Mofrteon,. leases, principally~~ for lntem,agrudetsvyigfo£54t H.Browan afT. A.Robert,2,Trgotnsret. iy GrUndpents,rkewi-stoee,dSuwrereyonarly)equaleInvalestomfeehol. TjESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will mTJ SELL byAUCTION, atthe Start.on Friday,. May38, at12,bin one ot, ROUN RENS, aountng t £2 Sof.6 per annum,fr5 Brown andT, A. Robrts, 22,Tnrogoortt-street Hollowa-ly.-Ctmpac. Edgwaholcd I --esirance winhosestmont. M ESELL. H. BROWN, and T. A. ROBERTS will SELby AUCTION, at the Mart. on Friday, May 30, at 12, by cordenernfth Mortgagee,t aDWELLI-secuedSET ofanl situaper annum, arisng rom caitalresdenc, 1 Uper erkleowy-sreet, heldfr ah ter, wereoft15Th yersoilve-Cunvenpired atmidyRsummerncex, aitha strEetStthS at;adofMSr. H. B rown ani d T. A , OBRoeTS, w2, b SLby AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. Maiy 30. at 12 a c onvlenio tent oreo,gigabo .spro brick-builtDELN-OSE laatystute at'22 Holloway-plae,SthEsothid of thnsoe mleation adzleoay-radneal- siuthe, reusiedomeStic o Gieorgae's in frn n nthe ret-Cmar, graeehold-e IJESSRS. H. BROWN andI T. A. ROBE,RTS wvill MSELL by AUCTION, at the 'Miart, on Friday. Mlay 10. at 12,a byodesraofbteproprEtOr, gROinEaRoad, acsuperiorg brick-bouitseu No. 20 Vemim-terace. he Grve. Hminermih adaptedn forare dinig, adbraefat roms,excelen domsti ofiesto , walled garn be iewd, nd rined artcuarshd of Messrs. R CaPaommeca-oadnS.- Georg e'san he- Famity-Resipace, Lethasehol hu e,State.g are, c M ESRS. . BRWN and T. A. ROBERTS wvill SELLby ACTIO, a theMart onFriday, May 30, at 12, amo dweellidng-oe and Msho Cavrn,defouehasesin Peoprtsretepasit side of Nietengalelarnte,amfew acesgtom12is aperuu,nh o aptremiwsref51yas are unecetrexpired at ai egronhet of£5pebn C Jphmcomn,FC.S EVE,lN detche FamLLy AeiiUCT,Ith, Cach iNPhf.great homen.3, Ktbing.sret Goet arden, THSe.Y SELL,t byrecTiOel at the Maanigprtion ofrteidymay10,atio 12, atmo demto brick-ulta detallhcollecion ofestbishdECECHIthpSsesion,late smofthe reiene ofaMs. Cndanvarin eieased, pleasnl situaed on the morad sieof Nihsnale- nctlanue, had ofe pace from Stahameosmm,cno.Th ing anddiningrooms,librr,entraneou hallen. esiue nmru doetcfie conVENietl arined SLarg pave ACaTIage yad deachd6etabig coa-ome 3, with-slofttandomen'sgaroomove, T wellplrianted garden, atoo houecse.ly;th wholeAUS comprising upwaiyrdsofoe acre Tober viroewpedsb ticketsconly. Printed partclairs maye boper hadlof Browine and T.la.e Robert, 22,nTrasfogsmortan-otreet n8whmtickeths to AIR The Lod(bee orchids.fOrhis M R.J. C. STEVENS is Saoued byit A nstIOu,ctin hisgrat oo. 3, ingsteet Cven-gRden, THIS DAY,tee Atrat.an a sall olletionof etablshedORCndS copincludin som ofth bet astInianvaretes,Ma beviwedonthe mosraie ng of sle,and ataogue ha of r. C.Steeuns,que, Kinalg-este, STEVENSewitl SELL by AUCTfO,a h'at nFiONy, atn oRnisigrgeteR oom,a3e, Kvin-tret Coetgarden , n qlal THISo ladAY andtogtherabmtiSroscpes, stelsopstrfe bbuidarrbtwelarcnt Coperm still cabionetaso an gelarlaed eaesvineals, futossl, nand otheGreenaturaln histoy VeLd,ithlregarddies'Coellaecti~en frchids.e liotd joiing dsigatea STiepENSisU favoured with instructioeadnsan meaow to SellkACTown, racigetabhishGreat Rnom. 5a ingea-street Sa turdccuay.31n of Slay, thewhleofnth icudnrivalledrabl COLEToNs ofd ORCHlingS. Thoreplns ae fine theabet posshighyauble heathad adompisepcmrsn iwards of 3.0 pce n200 arspe-an, adincbludingfo al the miespae and lareoo preparig,iand wai beoready10days bforenthgesal, and maly abeu rnl rmteSutton, nr.Sctndatind,a gres lastPrtoofh reehory d Estatesoftes late . H. tubbe Esq R. IVW. BUTCHER bas been directed by tbe ExItLxo kelt TrustesriswELLlb AUC tSLLb ACTION. th atnFia, Jn the th,at 2, ll hat ellknon POPETY,cmallead Chesm ctShees enespisin a geteelcottge, wth grden antvlube miceado land,i h altoethe abot 18acre, siuateabou midway betweennaCh;amtand Suttn; aso awel-plaed vlla t Stton neatheGreng, knownta joiing degntedas heeili ottge,wih podutiema gadensand meeadw;th wel-kowntracnestablionshmentt, earwnthuad-uowts, in te ocupaion f Sra. cin, ncldin salcomfortableighbousean mlfrmteSutton iStatin:also garhodeIns,laortor,endt rmie day exetd. ParTiCulaRs with plans,oayred wbtainedstruthesione tme upon appLicaio at the Glreyhoxxnzd.y Crudn:Wie H,a1,arlt.a Euchgatmie;n vailuableson ESpring Hotel Ewell n atithey Greyhoundt andt Cok cn tSton:itn af that Amprtich pokepert,whicgton- udesy;o Rtersin.Sorgaidnc solIcitors 15,Old gareiry-amproduativ trhe AucIon Baaed,ure.-hry-olareifditqait ad BUTCHER sa'u hasaben dirctid by three wheel, O9ft. Gin,. diameter and Sft. wide; also the hittings throughout for carrying on a most emtensive trade, inclsidling smut and dlour machines with goglig screens, wheat soil meal bins, sudsa large space for louir and. meal, t-ogether -with the highly remunerative an well as onsamental stre-am of water, the fall of whiclh is nearly loft.; a most substantial built graniary to contain 500 quarters of coin, a yard, with nag stable, chaise-house, and, barmes room, a five-stalled cart-horse stable, waggon-hou-so. small farmnyard, and numerous buildings of a mainor character; a brick-built cottage, containing four rooms and a garden. The whole of this inviting property comprises about nine acres, and within a mile of the Railway Station. The premises may be viewedl 14 days prvos to the sale (Sundays excepted), by permission of the tenant, SIr. Hall. rarticulars, with plans. will be ready at the came time, and may be obtained at the Spring Hotel, Ewell; Griffin, Kingston: Grayhound. Croydon:, Artirhoke, Newingten-causewav: at tIes Aucetion Mlart: of Stessrs. Roy and Cartwright, solicitors. 4, L-otbbury, city; Messsrs. White. Broughton, and%White. 12, Great Marlboroughstreet: and of SIr. NV. Blutcher, estate agent, Epsom. The Remaining Copies of Dickinson's Comprehensive Pictures of the Great Exhibition, kc.-On Wednesday evening next, SMay 14, and five following evenings (Saturday and Sunday excepsted).-By 'O'UTHGATE. anid BARRETT, at their Rooms, 22, Fleet-street, by order of the Executors of the late NV. B. Cooke, Esq., TFLLUSTRATED Bookes, includinig twso complete JLcopies of David Roberts's Holy Land, coloured and moutnted~ Pyne's Lake Scenery, coloured and mounted; Scotland Delineated, coloured and mounted; Haghe's Constantiniople, coloured and mounted; Findn'sRoyl Glley o Brtis Ar, Idiaproofs; Vemnon Gallery,' B3y SOUTHGATE and BARRETT, at their Rooms, 22, Fleet-street. onl%Wednesday eveningnext,i'tNayl4 and five following evenings (Saturday and Sunday excepted?, byoder of the Executors of the late W. B. Cooke, Esq., the celebrated engraver of Turner's works, CNHOICE Engfavings,all in the finest states. Amongst those by 3. MIN W. Turner wHil be found Ancient and Mtodern Italy, Ancient Carthage, Stercury and Axrgus, Venice, th-e Golden Bouigh, a complete set of picked proofs of the Southem Coast, with an autorrph lette of Turner's inserted, and manmy others; Laudseer's Wors, omrisngPeae nd ar Thres Lfein the Old Dog Yet, Retun frm Ha~, olte Abby, Nghtand MJoraing, M1onarch of theGle, Rfrehmet, tagat 53' an alosta complete series of bin the grnd ord in he hoieststae;fine proofs by Eastl,ake, Wilie.Weste, Cttmmoe,andallth oterdistinguished lintish lag. &. ataogus f te wol fowaredon reeipt of six potage No. 48, Var caret-str,eet, Cavendish-souard-Morler Purniture, C,- oett'ce Cottage Pianoforte, and other Effects, J~jR. ROBER REID will SELLj, on the PremiseS, XTLcWednesday. May 14, at 12, FURNTURE,F mrsigwn dow curtains, a drawing room suite of couch and chairs rosewood loo andsof tble, mrbe-tp pertabe adpabine tlaegu and cairs n larcot,rsc Feter-an.-SnalF2veehoId&,inthe city of-1ondon. M .ROBERT REID will SELLi, at Gram' onTursday, May 15, at 12 in HOnSE lot, TWOPorgny builtJfor ao. baer standNo 22,loghCourtFetter-laens, letoagreentssprke toantheleandregpetof e ean.ata£et2'0 per annuxahhme tyeiuwe. Par-el viewdbulrar,f h znn. atiWr may be had of H .Qik e. oiio,2 El-c Helborn; at oliciraray' m;-plndeof Mr.ornObert G,4ays; and o bOr obgeAstreod -8 ~tMloog-tet IClarlencygardeGs,oregent'ls-pr.-WAalworholdurnestm:Yent,.erolducn lII.ROBERT REID wvill SELL, at Garawvay's, M3bly re ftePo nlAsge. on Thursday. May 15, at 12, aHUEadSO d~y buil fora baer, tat CO.TA61, Clarence-arden2 otae-get-prok, lMt tortan oldandresplecalten,at atrento3 £3 per annum, and held fr1 er tz6 viwe b eurAbyer.onssofothe etenntParticulars mtiaysnbeyhadbofHof Quick Bosau wede solicitor,s7.El-pac, olbomPlate Galbrraas and ofrs atMrr'aberlteind,o48, Rea aloDrough-st8reet. aloog-tet Shrsi h Vs ldlaXVtrwrsc*ay iiR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraw-ay's, M Lby order of the Proviesiona Rsigee,r roweUThursday,ea5-ed,t on ThOursay,HMay CO 1thatAGES, in 1ots. lanT 2COttagingoal 400 woARth,i Surey letst £23dd.ler Wannum,oand heldafor thear atvi£en. Maybevliewae ypertmUy)issioJnofteteantsebe. Particularsmmyb adyo bessrs. Vorthsnand T aws,dis,.solicitors6, Eyplc, Holbor aofstreesarty. Walsookesrsan Harriy,son od.ad atly solicitors, 5 Sothaptoosteet lobry se-tet ota-qae;at Garraway's: and of MEr. Rober Reid,4,GrnMrbeogsee nShayreW inth.WstMidlne Water-workstCompany. m~IR.RBE'RTRI will SELL at Gan-rwy's ohnrsday, May th 15t, at 12, in 1loreofth,SXeE origilnal As100ee SaRE ina tEHe Wet OidlSE, Witater-ors Cbompan, wthpoe_diodnds onnuah varue punc;tua9lyepaidinrJuoandrDec,tember. Particularma bet hlraad fWribhintnEans Rfiessr.dwalicato r dw2,Cemnstret,cityr; also Softapo bRoMessrs. Bate, otwod nalrlykolctr, 0 oer -n wyset-stre of Prtmn.ur;a araa';ado M.Rbr ed 48, GrenatarbroudgH-stret. scrdIpoedGon eto AIR. ROBERT RE,IDWillSELL at Gar--wvay`s~, laTh y, May 15. at 12, inyonerloth, ovoalweKeenned n aisiai LE IASE,L HOUSE, 2 usitua-tmet aSt above,swith posstson; aunuaalucainetemn96kear's; groundth reart helsd Moay berf whiewed Particuars canl be haepid oftMesss 29heptwabrdsand Edagrds olicinto X21,pSoutamntn-uniladings,rChanedfry-lae;hofletemessrWkere dand) tHeearrsnt.Psolicitors.. Sotampton-st ureetaBooebr atd Gfax.Rrae wa';ado r oetReid,4, GreatIlMarlborough-street. St Olndrod Bromttn nA A weiscadIpoe rudRntdo MIR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway's. byode fth otgge on Thursday, May 15, at 12, in no,awl-eu tred IS pots,n Nohe A REIDENand 2o, Hereton--stureet,t.lohn's-eroad, aoxtond andoeptensvet ebeto onLaker, -shoi athe rear hld ofo a5 termanof whied hed5or8 yearswilb unexpired oto~t etme,11, at a ground rentOf_peanu a ofr£12sper Sannum and uoaderhoused fortheroomets olsssverbeng days) at aren of 55 er nnum Th prprt no prdue af rhentaluof abot£27peranum Te poprt mybeviwe b peni7IoN. ofr thbeytenane t.. atclr a o tarwys adenceM.Robeth Reid, reatensvarlbooGhsreet. cupo 10fet liR. ROBER RErD wfil SELL, at Garraway's, LV byOrdro h orggenThursdy3aI,alroday, May15,uate12ointhrele lot, he RESrrDENCEq, No 10. HeefrdLqAre RGlDQCEstrro Oldat ro.mptn Abf-let t mohnsaw convenlatlyarranentod5 nu, and i ihEt hedfr 67stnt yarsudonamie,aagonentarei: cofs£r0apery annum;e cah thruee-sall stabli,eandi Coach-huse,wt groomds ovser,llybeidg Nout in Alfread-mwals,Thplanee-dae ready fors occupal tion,kad ofithe annuarees valuenhofse£11; a two-stalStabesand coach-home. wThe roosidover,a reentlgN.13ylre-es let to A.. Rogeha, Esq., at £17et ofOs12 peranuzTh a,nnm ofeah sabl isr hesaldit for t2hersuexpired,tasn goun rentilas ofe peier nnu.Teerpr may be viewved by permission of the tn-t 'r tenuants,Patclr maybehdo berh gtn' ofaHs Bs.,Qucic or,Re72. solor,27 stEl-lce, Hcity ; a ts of essGartlwey,;an Softh r.d Rober ared4,Gra RbrRed 8Gra'Marlborough-street. abbey-lacsieK. Sbt. onsbridge-A Mitof reehold detachd Reience, Prth deryextnsive plerasureit Garouds occupyiong ao fotage of 181a eet,mathemmdiateaot40 posesson.m R. ROBERT REID wil SELL, at Garraway's, Al onby eay a1, t1 order of theo Trustee of the lteJhnBrr, ts.,o JThurBary, Maysq*tt 2,a inEfoirlots, ~..a MrESIENE sitiWvauatle hn. 28, AhDe-RPlsER oTY convensientl arnged2,34,and. ( hig state fsube,tanigtsbiaadge ors.2amnt3alrepairt fonsrvatory, doublegi coach. hom agond rentabofng exer nsivemle The goupyndstatefun aids fut Iinr lanand' r weljaly,~lne Xith shrubsi-i, and wei sgeetocedswimthd fruitres, grelS enhonuse N. d, m 4ueet i oslet ton c anbehad uthe re3 nosidenras recentl let to Armu, at thealw a rent of £510 per annum,;pesn Tetfrotaed retol Abbey-pls. ace,'maredb a porion of16 ath a pleasudrento grunds, oi76ers a veryun denrable pie fr anthe erecution.o tweoccillas The reiencn,eay 00 e nu.Tehue may be viewed by perisoofhetun.armsonf tat. aticulars maybe had ofWWorthngton Eas eq,slcto,7,Clean. F.,oito72Clm-street, city; asoof Messr.-.3artley . Southbowanwatly dolctr, an10 tly.ol-ctos 0 Somerset-street, Portman-square; at Garrawa';ado -r wa' n fl.Robert Reid, 48, Great AMarlborouigh-street. duent£230 er aine num,w rith earlyteesioMnct hester squrenal,ei lIR.C ROBRTIN REDwill SELL,b aUTIGON,aat's ThurGayraMay's n15rs.y,My at 12, infuot,aMIETYeofhighl valuepable FREEHOD PROERTY.compriing N-,,d2 e.t,5,.and 7, Parkata roun ren of 20 pr anum. he ocupyngtenuants,Mr Prior and r. ell ,jay isperannm, ut hey Mresntesiarrthedsvaluei tion of a premium, ~~~~~~~at thelwreto£10pranmprsteti mtdRena C.O ,s an r e untilE Ni 1S,L a ay grCTOuNd reto £6Me Gannum:prse nt ehustiated Mannualeta £120 No.es 7n iscptalet ingfenant, payso£03 paerbannum.athe housesraybtviwe by pre ftePromrissionro thoiretenants fromthcularhess m te aynb h yeaWrtssngonessful oq.,soliitor, 72,vlu ClemLAnStEe, citya;uialrit of Mess atley. YSShwXd AndBat-ley, sotuleicitor,e0 Sh-omerset-Dastree, Postma-sqee; i3at Garra wacny's;andlofg mor.a RobertReid,45,GeattMarlborouhstresect.bl ruurat-prgeteines afisknd.SpIrthauls, anechlester bq,ar adpalu traR., bilaromt. G rRD omE wtbil,SELLo( byarden,iOs suratde Gyarrawmay's, ongThurhsdn, May15,n ath h2.ndsofana aciepaditable VAULntS,ao siuatnesN.sI canntfthet coinrofmuatndaverystrgee and Mary- prpitbe torad. tay be viewed, and particulars obtained Oa thlepremiises ; at Gaivaway's; at the Coin Exchange Coffeehouse, Mlark-l-n au tteauctioneer's ofices,17.1HttoI-arden. grdn Capitaly Rosecadsie Public-homse and Wine-vaults.hlsa J~R. C. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION, a aGaawy's, on Thursday, Mlay182, at 12. (unless an acceptable offer be previously made by private contract,)b rdro the Pro-lube EAE ocupt]imeion,the valuabeLEASE, aft-ha nominalERit of theTS.uSEll Hacreyt, aind lun ro asionea ofhte bemist arind mostresectre,able suruddby an im ensel-ouae neigIabour ood, and in the hands of a cieaditl aigectiv man of business cannot fi tocommnand a veylagond priwofitabsleotade Maybe veiewed, anidparticula,rsobtained ontheprpro-es ms;atarwa';at the Comn Exchantge Coffeehouse, Mark-lane:;a armys;ado an tthe auctioneer' oliat s,ongfatten-grdn A highlyWATO repetbl Pbic-houead bWine-vaults, Chelsea. - SELL ~ wllSELby AUCTION,athNatonVenslyJ ' t12 offe bex prvouslyS mradebtpiae coIDNtrCtS,th vesryvlably iae,LEASh, surrobulndedb dmroensely-opulated nfaedoighborhood,and bingthehnsptof tainacive mancomofdbuionessr cannot failytocomandle at continuanceaof ren islow Ma hevieed,andparicuarsobaindo the premis tes at te Crn Echage Cffehous, Mrk-lne;atnarraway's; andsof the auctioneer. 17, andattonr-gardWnr Sixgenee Resienes,ofo ocuatinoivsmetedar ad-sqare Houses and ledSnips, oad,liniugtnn 1/R. C.WARTOnis stecedbythedortgages iNoto ivl ggestSELLRT by AUCTION, at theMatonWdely,Je4,t12 cainsxota.l I privatehou RESIENCE,desiraigbly situate, ioth huiealthulind improvtedyloalit empCloedoa-od and being res. ec-15 tiel a, s 17a. 8,n9 10. 162, and 44, Edward-squrare,fornmingeachtcontaiin acdominmod,atind foar a hemalinfaipy,andletatirent of £28 Grand No0tpemRannum;four thoenb separCatetleMaskes,fo.6 yhearos,fnromv18ng aity£1ope aondnumec; andthtwo hotden byo- respectabl lasee fo upard of1nyas ato£ e annum1 perachnPricular ma bcl hadn ats thevau Mae frt;a h eo Riho nd,6 Cearsatedonia-xproationofW.P teScott Req.e, solicitor,den Linctfoln's-innfieeld;of GerorgB eaHesma, ast spato- gon rnsfrehhos.TeImproved Ground Rents of £6 -er nEwadsur,ad2 Housesr aeanil trd Shop,1i howrd-errace Ciaredoniua-rea, ofsli ngtual ramountneof upwlatrdsofi£700reranumo ernet. ahio.a beieweR b C.erTisono thas beenaintst ndpruictd ;byath ot-th %lL g;aget the SELe the abmovePRPET byldonaU-r ION, auto then Mat onWdnsaytu e 4 t 2 Voting2lis ompridnsingynuMerous cprivtaldelling-houses with aoticetivl esos mosty gielinlystato busiess,nbwichthe ae largly Demploiedadobein Nos.72 Btoh-t lOs bua,dand 17lto 22, and2 andel26, Edwaitrd-pterrace,oformin peartOf the oclednisn-road Mand Anearmtheprincial yealyeantifrof the Greth Northrn Railat ai the Newrnalo 0 CatcotlMarket,n the bsmostimproving vicinkity obendon icer,nd theoccupationtofmotrcesapnte itabloolsses ati prentsmouenting ito oabaouth£, er numth folincludingoas;onthe valu-d ilesse, dand h oodenwirethfromthbedfreeol,aderfour 54eyears,lateseparat gersoundrent Frfurtechhemsr h i pariW n rovediGroundo sae,mapl tof£64 Wila-yeararedul Tribred, 16fhomes WotingEd wrd-qure ofssstime annua betcvienegb apirtoies siofthte truants, anod particulaorsbdiagth Worthng, ussex-A sa-sidaResdene,sorabldIrvesimemnt.-ByMr HIDE attheSenhomHoel,Wortheing. on Wednesdy, May2, prvaecotr, f hChPnotierwllbtdmy, givuaen).Smti A Wel bult Felonld wmielforlng-house, aNdom7, Bath £3&bulldine,havingantxeletowundoftherrspedie Lof the sea, insg timeoccpaton f Mss nn Chambu ers,iadearycenof itfsromte elevtho March. t the ow rental ofs£0. Ithcontainson thbasemnt,g s irervants parbmir opnin ino oe anthe wih fldig dortes;onuthei seconatd the several grates and ot.or fixtures therein, and is well suited for a quiet genteel faninly. Lot 2. Freehold-South Garden, in Sompting situate on the opposite side of the road from Lot 1, containiugt quarter of an acre or thereabouts, surrounded by excellent walls for fruit from six to seven feet out of the ground, Well Stocked with wall and fruit trees, and now in the occupation of 'Mr. John Blaker, of Sompting, a yearly tenant under a verbal agreement from Old Alichaelmaes at the rent of £7 7s. Lot 3. Freehold-a very excellent well established Meadow, adjoining Lot 2, on the vest, knowim as Vest Croft, containing 3a. Ir. 11p., in the oce upation of the said John Blaker as yearly tenant froe old lmichaeimas, at the rent of M10. This is we'd adapted for biulding, or a market garden. Lot 4. Freehold-a strongly built neat detached house, called Hil Cottage, standinig in its own grounmls at Sompting, with coach house, stable, and garden, containing together a quarter of an acre, or thereabouts, in the occupiPation of imss Kemp, a yearly tenaut.at the very inadequate rent of £36. Tliehouso fro.itl to the south, and contains two dining rooms, kitchen, sculiery cellars, and out ofices on the ground floor, drawing room, three bed rooms, and closet on the frsti door, with two large atties over Toe grates, cupboards, and other fixtures are sold with this lot. Lot 5. A cottage in Sompting-strest, with stable. yard. coaeh-house, and wel stocked frnit garden, of the extent of nearlya qumarterof 'n anre, in the occupation of the said John Blaker, a yearly tenant from Old Michaelmas, at the rent of £16. This with the easteni past of Let 6, is copyliold of inheritance of the manor of Sompting, Pc verell, with the weald, subject to a quit rent of Is. 8d. herios and fine at will. Let 6. A most dcesrable market garden, situate to the north of lot 1, enclosed with walls seven feet high, and weU stocked, in fact, almost covered with thriving wail and other trees in full bearing. This being on a gentle slope to the south, and well sheltered, bears most abundant crops. It is in the occupation of the raid John Blaker, a yeariy tenant, at the rent of £21. and contains la lr 2 of which the wvestern part, eontatming 2r. 21p., is freehold, and th ofremainder, 2r. 18p., copyhold of inheritance held under the same title as Let 5. Lot 7. <Freehold-Four Cottagn adiomningeach other with yard in front, in Sompting i the respective occupations of Vressrs Nye. Riddles, Kent, and Janrad, at rents amonting to £15 a year In Broadwater.-Let 8. Freehold-a very exceUemt M,arket Garden surroumded by walls about seven feet high, in Eroadwater-sseet, coitainiag 3r. 21p., in the occupation of the said John B1aker, under an agreement for a lease for seven years from Michacimas 1834, at the rent of £14. The above may be viewed on application, by permission of the tenants (with the excepios of Lets 1 and 4, for which cards to view must be obtained of Mr. Wiliam Foard Tribe, soctor, Worthing). Lot 9. Five Shares. for £,0 each, paid up, in the Wosiug Gash bt and Coke Company. For further patculars and conditions of ae aph to Mr. WIliam oasd lribe, solctor, W or Wori. deand Patching, auctioneers estte agents, and bniere, A valuable Collection of Pictures, the erty of a gentleman reside. ii.r PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUC- TION. athis great Itoams, New Bond-street, on Tuesday, id4 3,atl I ci i-auable COLLECTION of ancient and mo:lern gliamIghIS,among which Will be found abeautifi cabinet v~rok. the Dream of St. Jerome, by Guercino- thle Slate Quarry, by Luth erbourg -dipos Curving his Socn.byPicAerrgel. A.ItA., the Shrie, by Howard, EA..;Devotion. by O'Kea;a V6ielwin Piwoenza, byT. H.- W. Tuirner ILA.' the Cavern of Neptune. by J. Veret- an Exterior An early picture by tuiready, IL.A; and other clever vrorks by the foilwing admired arUtis - A. Cane Ase1 roest Morland Tempesta Vredn Danby Gamasborough J. St-een Cop Chambers 'Willianas Ostade M chon Pyne Lamnbert. May be viewed Satudyad na'Preceding the Wae, and catalogues then had at M.Pahles Capital Iaia.Dch and Xlemish Pictures, the property of Mrt. Tma .Brown, late of Howland-street, Fitzroy-square. R.~ PHILLIPS begs to announce that he is inMstructed to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rtoems, New Bend-street, on Tuesday, May 20, at I precisely, the ITALIAN, Flemish, Dutch, and FrenrhPlI(TUFlIS of the hiighest Class, the property of Mfr. Browvn, lonlg known for his taste anid juidgmuent in oonnexieuwith the fine arte. Amnong the leaLding works which distinguish the collection may be mentioned-the Salutation.an immortant picture. by Gaudenzie di Ferrari; the Virgin Enthroned, with the Infant Siaviour audSt. Francis, by Fri Rartolameo; a Landsap.Cattle, and Figures. a grand work, byAlbert Corn; the Black=smi S hep by the sameadmrabl arist- t o theBurocunterVRndergutch, by tubns;St.Sebstin, y Fanca- n Eterorand other exampls, y Ja Sten~B~Pier~ y b Tenem;Interior, by A., Ostad; Ladscaae a Figres,by Wuverans;two portraits of Ceeio d Medec nd hs Wfe, y Bonnn; tgeter with other Titisn Henthrat Beratraten B Wilson Velasquez Rues Trug Vegter. May be viewed .~aturdaysndMondayprceli atem , aLnd catalogues then bad at Mr. Phillps's. A collection of high-CLas Ancient Picre,tepory of a gentle- man, well-known as apto fat M R. PHILLIPS begps leave t announce that he wBi SELL by AUCTION , at his Gallery. New Bond-street, on Tuesay. une3, a 1 reciely,a CLLECIONof choice ancientt PICTIIE. inludng oigial wrksby sverlof the most distinguised astrs f th Itlia, Dtch.andFleishschools, and unit'n sal ofFla Lois hilppe Ths clletio, o whchmore details willbe ive infutue averiseents wa fomedwith a view to enlare agaler, wic inentonlas sicebeen abandoned by the Freehold Estates, in the parishes of Horenhurch, Doddiughurst, and Shenfield, Essex. _J9E SSRS. BEAD)EL and SONS have received in- structions to SELL by A'UCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, the 20th da7 of Mfay, at 12, ln three lois, a very valuable PROPERTY, known as Brittons, three miles from Romford. en the Eastern Couanties. Railway, and two miles from Rtainham, on the London, Tilbary, and Southend Railway, including a substantial brick-built Residence, with suitable ont-buildings and large walledd-in garden, within a short distance of the high-road, wellada ted for a professional gentleman or mnerchant, and surrounded by Mla. 2r. ip. of very superior arable and pasur land, on a gpravelly sub-soil; also the adjoining farm, knowna as Moseleys,% divided fLrom lot Ilonly by the road, aLnd consisting of 31a.- Sr. Sp, of ar-able land, 'With a double cottage, barns, and shed; also a smll ous. wth ometea an UaOr.Op.of productive amable and pasurelan siuat a Swllo's-ros, ithparrishesofDoddinghuirst and heniet intheoccapaten f M. JmesReed, at a yearly re,t of £32 er nnum Paticlars wih coditonsof sale, may be ob4tained Cheltenhsm.-ValuablelPremises and Buildling Land, in the towvn, chiefly freehold, aercevdii Mill Maufaturng remies,andsevralvaluable Plot e of Bidn ao comading frontage of 225 fet thsbloc fbidn n chudes th Motpellier baths and weln-os,i th ocu pation of Mir. Rurk, who is underntc oqi tMcnba next. The bakery, with shops, ovens, fittings, &c hemii ith mnachinery driving two pair of stones, and the premises at present used as the manufactory for Cheltenhamr salts. The fittings to the baths, the 14-horse power high-pressure engine, the eaporating pans, and all the mahineryand fixtures in anda abut te premises blnigt h vendrwilb includedinuthe purchase. The remaining lots wfll onsist of freeholdI and copyhold building land, conveniently dividled for the erection of villas or other residences, fronting the Malvern-road, close to Christ Church, aud whiclx wil be offered waithout restrictions asate building. Further particulars, with conditions of sae arid lithographiic plans, =abeobtained (14 dlays prior to the sale) of Messrs. J C. and H. FMeabeld, solicitors New Raink-buldlings ' and at the Globo Insurance-oficee. Coruhill, London; of Messr. V'miterbotham and Bell Cheltenham ; at the place of sae ; and of Messrs Beadel and Sons, 25, Gresham-street, London. Leicestershire.-The Grange Estate, on the border of Northamupt. ns and Rtutland, incluidingsamoderate-sized Famnily Rtesidence, in one of the best sporting districts in the kingdom, with about 240 acres of most supermorlasud, of wivbch immediate possession may be had, adjoini"-Lord Berners' property, F:reehold, and in perfect order, MTAE'SRS. BEADEL anid SON have received instruc- ,J-Ltions to submit to public AUCTION, at the Mart, London. on Tuesday, June 17. at 12. in four lots, one of the most compact and desirable FREEHLOLD ESTATES in the kidngdom, knmown as the Grange, in the paxms of R-ut Norton, on the borders of Leicestershire. This property is in the centre of one of the best hunting districts of the kingdom, near the most favourite meets of the Cottesmore and Quorn Hounds. and within occasional meets of the Prtehley and Lord Fitzwillainn's Hounds. It adjisinsthe turnpilce-roa,d from Leicester to Uppingham. 15 usiles from the former aud 16 miles from the latter, 12 from Molten Mowvbry, and 11 from Marl-et Harborougb. The Mtefibourne Station is? mlrles and the Miant-an Station S miles distant. The residence, which is suited for asmnall family, was built a few years since, at a cost of rearly £3,000, is in perfect ordeir, beautifully situate, on rsin grund comand a haringview of the surrounding diton,lie ina rngfence, and is abundantly sple ihwtr Lottwil nclec heresidence and 172 acres o ad o2 w Fields of Meadow., opposite lot 1. conting1ace.Lt3Tw Pastures, about 11 mile distant, contann O ce.Lt4 h w adjioining la_stures, consisting of 19ace.Priurswthlho graphic Pilans. are in course of preparation, and myb band1 datys prior to the sale, of Messrs. Rooper. Birch, Iga,ndW teey, solicitors. 68. Lincoin's-inns-fields; or of Messesm edlan os 5 Gresham-etreet, city. _ ValimLble Freeholds.-Bermondsey, Surrey. 1U.HUMIPHREYS will SELL by AUCTIOX, ij Garmway',s on Monday, 20th inst., at 12. by order of the surviving Trustee and Executor for sale of the late Mrr. George Stevens, a v-aluable FREEHOLD HEOUSE and coiner BAKrEIts saop. E\o. 101, Great George-sgreet, Abbey-street, Bermondsey, near the old church, in the occupation of Mar. Batchselor, leased for 21 ream aTh fouprh annum, Pret;iand af Freeholdy Houeandho adjmoindng, NS,10,rreat George-stFreet;ldIrentm£0 ernntinladetaxnedeeed to,G5.rriley-street da,26hint, auset-tre, 2erobsy; Mr.e o Philis collecTorustoete esatde.1tor, formosdley-ftheeIt Mir. Gerederc Sattomn, sowlictr17 aprEssiexstrbeit. Nstrnd IMr1. Thoks.trempreys, soIcitor, 14,ey Estret India-hamers, Leadenh1213l-5tRilet y-at Greawt, eroandy ofeth auctioneer, 61, Leadenhuoril15 l-etreeee. Thes forhandApartl PVortion ofnth ASbey Hoouse1 ecstae ofrSilksEyna Surry.-VlurbeFrcheehol anveAstent end-a aedemed SR.RSUMDEBYSHAWil SELLRby aCTION, atn iJSELL, atyts,o Monday, 2thgist.,eat .b Covetrderno Thesurviving TFrustee andEeuo,t o aeo the10 LPC VA ElaPrOO GeOrgeStees rinh 20 loints. 2 vlab( vl-etFEcloth,dosn, DW lING HcUSES, n3 pewly bolt wihappuertbenacs, bpdeinf eaf oleakctee,tos1.n2Rly Thire oDaChrch Raenta lsk£40 Scrauins,and Vlandta, readeemed., ~PAn Rusellsird,Benonary;Mr Phillipecs,-O colectrtwh. ett.18 hall-street, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ il Twio Daye.-parel, Woollentz nls and i Goedseva Pieches ofth Slekads- kerchikefs, andMiserllanies. II'J ESES. EBENHM, STRE, andc SON\ will Leateilei,andlvstreis.O fclhs Fournituse Miltont lonth,i0pics, Trof silk handechiefs, CanVuZd efeIso. ieNtin,&.E %~ IGA Three DAys'io leomsc Silks Seatinhals,tadrevets, onoTduroda s, Map- IN ELL captatei Rooms,-acingstret. oent-garden, fonrMondah Ntoh, w ienesdb. 1tb,e canb Friday, pate nt. SIISCELAI4IES 20$rsincluding, piree goods chinrsfllnts, t roio ashioabl hwl, mhardntls desse,mfe.,C gentl.emendsottire,lienmfriture,cardepedets,landoeffets Eachn day'bsle; o%in view then daye pffior. ssoPigmcin.egt wodays'll- beddaleilleather benglsh and Garenevaf Watches byrnthre landeffe.s. Mq be ingd x makersdiler Pato a'o. ous a a h Frehold ISSes.mit i cEEN ity of Sonon na lbr, and SO wLlas Y . SLONIX wl BL,athi om,Kn-re. CovenCTIgOdN. ontutesa and/11 Thrsay then 3Thesand 1th inst, at Ii2 oloss FRELEIAOLD diaondbraelts.brochs,trings pinso, Plandstds masslived hoslepateh makrs2demig-aseswth ivradpatdftig,an te a blsho,N.2On viewthle dtAynpreedingeachtda Hofbm sale. e odhne Loa ,Prvdencal-sret*-row, Furnitrea, PatengtIon, Pumps, Threse crab, Winches, Galvapocnize Irn Wnui renetting of,Ry1 Mr. Th roety maVE be ieed y ersdoublofte-aspcting Ptennt Ps, an foinedprtinch Ntordrwa to e b.arthree d cab wichs pmatent screw, 1 Oxc00arda wireet nTtooing,hreglass Mnufchaiers, tworonvaers,a( trel(lrs w ParciegaPrde ein,Di.sheing,c and others5fuWrdirnitue riclude pdStalano ohe writ ~Ingalea ithoutereseironsae, oinicosqecofte des.coynmachine. teigt darocretrk,I bDstAds,feathe be and1fo 2 anvarityofn ofthernumiter and Oltframes Miay ey viewsed,80b onW sednersday , and caaoge hadg qatnFreehold smaversizetlainsti cityeof Londonand glbase, and iu-gasLseq hold at fr nIslingotiotofur, MR. LOMAX will SELL thebyeAUCtION Ats the JJIMar, o Tusda, My 2, a 12o~aoe anexFred.HOLDb doule-roned hop No -5Bathoome-clse;ad of sreehol ddehouse n shop, No, 27, Little St. AndrewEg-street Hlen-ada eshl os o.1tProvience-ow,th PArke-rooad, Statgion, 'eallle to Bevre-pecabli teanits,ne acid ureduinga nulrna f£7.Tepoet.a beviwdypemsso oftheN reSpEctvL enns andAU prIONte paticu-e lar ob ctaione ofit, H. Thrsngays, Esaq2, olctor 10 King'sprevoad,y Bd-s fored-row; bpratte Mart;adt, TW. subsax'sofices,bu8, Orchard-street, yI~SLLS, of thoutereserve, ina contlsequenceofan the dxeatdftmgl im'p-rovin gui_`-ghb'ou'rioo`d_, leac cotiig adom uru af dlining and breakfast roorns. and lamce drawing room, dour capital bed roomis, kitchen, and back kitchen. Thie property is enclosed with a, neat iron raiing, a short remove from the high road, aod a capital garden in the rear, at the estimated value of £45 per annum ea-ch : hield for a term of 99 rears, at a smal ground rent;, two neat Cottag Residences, at Beadon-weli, Erith, each contabining entrance hall, parloer, kitchen, back kitches. and three good bed rooms, fitted up with every convenience. and at the estimatedI rent of £20 per annum eachhleld for ani unexPired term of 99 years. Mlay be viesved on arpplication to M-Nr. Button, Beaden-well near Erith. Plarticulars may be had seven days piror to the sale of M7ar. C. Beadle, house agent. Erith ; at the principal inns in the neighbourhood;. of Messrs. Crosley and Burn, solicitors, A4 Lombard-street; HMess. Roberts and Roby, auctioneers and surveyors, 'Moorgate-street ; the Auction Mart, London ; and of the auctioneer. Burley. Kent. To Hotelk-eepers, Capitalists, and others M.CARLES FORCE will SELL byAUCTION, JY by ordr of the Proprietor, who isretiring from business, on the Premises, on Friday, the 23d day of Mlay nexvt, at 3 precisely (unless previously disposed of by Private Contract, of which due notice winl be given), the well-known ROYAL CLAREINCE HOTEL, situate in the Cathedral-yard, Exeter, occupied by the owner, who bas for upwards of 30 years past carried on thereon a lucrative and flourishing business. Thehotelcompriscsa5 spaciousandconvemientpublicroomx,used forballs, concerts, meetings, dinners, do., capital reception. sitting, andidrawinm rooms, and bed roomas, a_roaced by a nioble staircase, also large!an commodious kitchens, Collrs. outhonses, and oflc., and a convenient bar,xwith small parlour attached, likewvise shop, fronting St. Martin'slane, let at a ren tal of X2Sper annum; stabling and ceach-houses of ample proportionsanear, belong to the property; there ame also rooms, hitherto occupied withsthe hotel, the tnunrcy of which might doubtles, if thought desirable, be continued by a successor. A portion of the property is held under the Dean and Cbhapterof Exeter, for thercesidue of a term of 30 rears which comnmenced in 1850, renewable every 10 years,0 onpyet ofa reasonable fine, and subiect to the anneal rent of £14s 4d, ;the remainder isfee-enimple, The hotelisddlightfully situate insa quiet, he-althy, anud central locality~ with ready seress to the principal streets, banks, shops, markets, raiflway statimon, do., has for some Years been kunown sa thR principal Family and Commercial Hotel in Exeter, and been frequented by members of the Royal Famly,noblit, gntr, lery, enaersof hebar, and commercial men. he pemiss ar in god rpairand ffer great fadllties for addilonr iprovmen, ad th wel-ernedreptaton f the hotel must esure a amplereturnto anyparsonqualifed to onducta first.- said otelualnsa, he frnitr ad oter electe to be ta'cena?t a valvat'iOn, T twapya hhtl n o eea atclr IMr. Charles Force, the auctioner t iwls xtr ro !Chia. Hy. Turner, solictor aadprt,Eee. Cavital modern F aiture.ianofort,Chmne3-glaispea,mall qAiutityv of Plate. IPlated Articles, and numerous useful and ornarnentla miscellanies. 1IUSSRS. OXENHA31 andl SONS will SELL by MI AUCTION, at their Rlooms, 153, Oxmford-street-, near the Pant ~on. TESIS DAY, at Ufor12 o'clock yanctually. the capital modern FUIEIOITURE; including Arabian, 4-poet, sand iron bedstead, writh glse, Uper Calut-h-sree, Cheleao fivedoor fromayba, sofhs ciig-ouche Vndeasy chaits moder ctre ocasional,ind;E fancyrables, panofelortes of elatry kocind by hinan makers, chinmney-ouasEfecs,.lefner.pda caisidebouo.lo, ard,, sesdoothnir tables, a arfhandsoey glaes6bokses, pit lursndey gaig, Brussels, and other carpets, sal qanit Aabiuefu pane. tda feclots,o chia,e glass, dcW orativ dobjestcts,ut and numeo-efcs ~~~~~hrdyand mornin of sale, and catalogues bdanat`sr_Oehad. offUpper. Church-street. Chlea, the anhDoosfo, h cngsra. Verybl neatmoersin Funturboe.,0 Pin tings,d Eravngs,o a ew ot- of Pl bte, f CachihiamFols and inumerous Effeicts. hre i ESSRS. OXEPNA.I kand SONS will SELL by AcOtia, onttheAPremise,on1 Mondayext,day.12.ay t 12,ith chaie and, couch.nt a ceard,tand othero tabe, cihimnert glsss phaintinots causnd Engavins.Brusselsuan other, carpts &c.UT AREiaEan SION-glassetanls,ad theusolbe cambert furnitur chnisina and gass, aOD few lthe Cofpldate,Cdhi Chna uiowls, adom hesi Treuites and CnumWerou useful Annd riae%atad effects-0Ma bevewdon anaplaoturageo anehod mand ofte sale adecatalgus oftw arid; aondn atgessres.pectivel Valabl Reersonto bov £1~00 th fudstan otoe parte motage ilk AUCTION, t the AuctionMart,1on Tuesay.S May13. atigg,m SIO ofa sttld poprtyof bou £1,00;Nonsismting of abeve £o 714 omieldtheeCnoldt, edtbanmeAnutes,ac andrth, Threg te erACent serucediBnk Pannutiesb, Kaondoc£1000upo anmoen 2amples mortgage o 19 and vol5 ofeoos,n subecatl toun,smalltlObecs annutdoohrprtiesmany BNFUrrows adntham ear Gr ontham;ofness ht,Jbsoe dyand White. solctor, Gathevmrofupesrs.Wosonresptr soutflctres,-Brighon; f r inluin a. tauyelor,ntwalcto,Jh-tr reet BWedfr-rw slonddchn;e and atnsoesss glxen also ogices,ol sev,Oxfrdoftreet, nearte pucanteon. mte ra 3~uilnofIR h dioi7, Boom,libdresy.nt, Wmotorn-teromfractue north fchingte rpani-h whayr bsidgand versy suheiors moderein Funitre,cin bokaeauwrtifunge serleation, proegmigafeLnderpaintings by the ancnaiedmoenmanrs ates 1.00 vls.Ofook, eegntl bond Orametf Obects, sadnume-or TI[NDALS.O wENH SELad SO SUCiTISELLab NY..AUCTION,'. on Theuremses,ay5,o onayt May29.(uls peoand folloin day,LaClH2UE olckacheday thevPnergausioArmodern LeRnIard'-ra,i Beautiful Mirdesexto, inclinng alecHn trulyel;an weasu--teree drawng ro.omnsite,omar compslete,y coeread in Jotin daas,nitecrtaist Enq7 ofetwhich womereprchased-romd ath Grreata Exibtind of18: the acoer Paogtan inaclues Comralnoble pdStasiebordne toydnngtbls chirs,-sofa, anehod eSy hai rsopered, indmrco okcssrtn oftabes FREEprOf enrainSE afe andeSHer, ain Ptfingsbythee ancin And mord-ernraster, includring d thri spemn by auiers ekr thuermah nst Lanret,O EttY, fort Adom eevery andrews, an obthier celebrratewastes, 1,000-lle va of Messrs elegntl bondSn, embracingothe Lworshom;most of the sutaondadauhrs,5 thembedychamber utueo theu releshiIon, mantel clcs,tarties frrosdnmru morndeings at ae nd catalgue had ;ls at Mess ehn' oflices, 53 Ofrd-street, a neartse Panthd uctionem 55 Chancry-Fae.lol M ESSRS.TIDAEW anwl SLwl SELL by UCINatOr .111rwys nThursday. May 15, . rdro athe 'leook. . T DeFiEngOthe COfN£27NTS per annm ParIticlasGa bFIE had cofpriessrs. quanityowf Tor. ad C., oliitos, 3,nedfordrown atss glartaays bands ofithe auctioeer, ortlan-plac, Com erAI-od.tepinaery. rhpe iwTIN.DBWE -and KESL ill SbEALCTon, ath anrawayes, on Bthusrsday, May15, sret,at 2 (ules PrvOuLY sold by privaofthe contract,)th LAucEiand GOOcs, WCmaILLeoftaeFt E OIldC-HoUteot.SEhcledrThes Claendrgst Ho ms, Stapae Lenad'Siroad, rmiy,Mides ex, doin an exDDclen trad; hasse6 yeasrent £50. vonrdithismtions oftia ehdof John b endArUCTIO, thesq,r7 Role-pac. CAxommrdia-sroad;o ateGar sday'. Mand of4th autioneert Porctuland-placge, Caomerf ia-ead extrepesy.od%IEadSIIS Fhirest-cass Dreehomled Shop Property andth Prfivae, aoues caaogueona. M0 ESSRS. iual A esldtooerS anadvLOce.O e t n Funotune Thatdte IpAlentsT.CHorAes and CarDts OX of SALtxer t atNth AFRHEH D HOXSE and SHOPS inde Pbtaild-stret n th 2th is.)ae - nOWau Ein fors deterh sd a e etHUE Obtained aTRE oarrway'. Chacnge-lalley ofremsesrs.t athetrande Sones,slctwors Lcsart s; ande hofss the auctaioeers 53. Chancery-leonsits.-Atoe Freeh 6, old Land-tee,ad 2Fetppe-Tbrigke.rsrent. Cannouncstee weth(at thew adn ofRTICULAR andl CmiTeIshl of nea Turidnt ofadvrts for mis onlr-B the . S lst), am Mnowrady Boos9sbuat-treet aift.b thlorderadConuTnrde n of the 3otaes By ucioers JUR, CtheAncry-lne.at II A,AW9 t1 uls InBnreptcyasTY Pdintoers o prinaters Broer.atkythrs INjFESRTANDE 31randKeYPemseLL neallyEL byn JiL AinustIo,h Rona tePremises, 2, ath-sree, OlewBratd-street,;o Thrsdayge May feet bye pordert of the AsIgonleae fofr. 25. Dewing, athaer CoNerterntS of a perIaNTNum h O uFper comrtising as quatit offa grenaphcplese amondu stones,and atquathirds of thseful effect. Catalogues cuias,s alndl tof theJry auctioneers , 3 9,Ca Collma-st teet, B anopate.-h AucEo SSarS. D WadK ELwl ELo h PRemises, 5, at-steet,d aeet-trt aot 2 OLn. o £20 BAfce ith thesbe foasracoueCopn seiera yearsupons helfeo thne Trnu-sitee Auton hlt Joffies, Hede. Casnai ,-treet, b OldTBOttled PotsSherries. ConFrets, Hock1, Campagn (elo, andtw Sloita fhavourbed withO inttonf EGTo SELLEby saUCtIOe atd theirg Roos. L,314, A, Oxfod-stee, Hd bon, Wednesay Mayd 12 , atc2lmostret grundcetuly af large parce ofum ne exremelty old wellsitae and SinIS thwinels aybeodtinso samled andl tase atthe oDruce, and caaogus, hNad, s0tdrent ciny all I, Wind sold to cer,a adancerel. Fiturl Trader wImpleentGls. ChorselesfrGs and Cart,odabucer,at AJIESR.BULLCOK ,wIl SELL,ne batthern trea ioonstant1, ingH lots, TheneatroUSEtllorLD FHiRNTUOED oPnITMr. Daon' laeoremises,n wngith theiraturae eincts,dtwg carints. tabreeore, and ate vartiety 3of misellaneo-ous itmse-utsofneairs offices,r, maNbewtl Bomoddsret cand2,UpetcrtBakerstreeingtabefe Cannoayn-street wedst ( ew ads ant boftl-ngan but rnmisbgrequs,h-esdt hgroundarientyf Liayfore0ieedad-aaiMr.iesaSO,onMndy Junee.ahel Mart,in by d-agals-a ordewo heMdtgges Mo.31, O Frda-tret wtho possesson. Pardiesdays ofy M14 rs a1(bWaTers and Son, solicitors, i0, lotsinpebalremptofiy Mr.E Freeman, 11,Buk Toersfecury;r and of h utihers.-I, Union-curt,y- Broad-street.o ByMr JRY th the AcinMr, TIbyrdert DAYsgeo, Monay 5, t 1a(ujes pr1 (nes.viously disposed of by priva-te otmeatylthubtnta 1O SI1G TA RTURErcan thle ordinardescritinearly con-k ttuousto he RyalExebuge,Non 2 adhe Old Boa-sre e n lit; fronage 67fee. Te popety s hld andlas frt- 25oyeas, mathaver rental amoutsng o nealy tw-thirsbof h sumtpidg. Far parti-. culas, aply o Mr Jur, autioner, ar,ioleman-street, and at th Eligile Lesehod Invstmet, atLeGoron. rh J~JR . BAIN has beenfavoured wit Chnstruction from the Trustees ~ ~ ~ an of the laeJsphucs, e. o ELb thMarlebne.- LEaSitHOLDTiof-h EIGHTeHOUlsE, stat te ande bein No nion-st3reet,and, Heley-lc,adan-tet 51anm5. iesquas-tres St.E JonSSRoad HoronEhLDfo anc uepeltr ofTH L 3xe yiear,ctea grun Mren ofth £ h0 peoriannum. The proErty is wellX state Gndrin excelleont repdair, producin aretalo I £100s as. ceptaer ofe.Fr par-th inaticrse mand conditinv ale apply cto Messs Brube LAndSEn, solici-rd tors, 10a, Bwlithep-ssaessionr ath autoneer,ate hist of tes, Cboleexemnstreet,f cisty ando1maWndunill-pae,ambcerwhaell. fotainbt trpits,alnmderauntre,paedi Gass Chaendelier foruGase and Cran rdieg neovebofrhomd sevral houses. ean ot rftal ums i e HOLed. buRITasmURE oftforeign fomgan Engisht manfature, includientg cabsinetsrables inrand tother artceset moturnte i-mayi set ofrl charsate an ofan silk,rdamask, ando apted Garepus,hme andoft actonse'e Tlos Tmablrertpcha ods,capts, otaco urtains, dinige tablesp BUfeet and 10tfeet long choais in moaoco hafeet lirarymookae, sideboardes, mahogny and hirnbdtas aaubeSt hsnd w b remig, andjfurnishin rheqii igread tvariety.o May Grvewed,ihRa y and cataogue hasd. para Fibreehold, Builoding, Lhnde-Dagnali's-pr, Note fturw oncd. taUCngtIewoN, at thisbuMagt, ons WdeayMy1 t12(yorderu ofth MortAgeet) ELb A CI.L, in lots,pemtoiyFIEI,iSf FREE HOLDhuILdIyJaG LrAND, Mads p ted form and eigh rpoomted hourses; frotuaeing Dagwal'sgrve Shalfh amlne, forssomwth oll Shele Station,y Not-wadoodnbing onthe road ferromd Renot-se-co toeCrod,adeliiinghtful dryand thealthysOt, cnsirthngohamiut, xnrtdfo Dlan-txand large scantling._15,003 fee of sueirdy rnls akd plank, in thick nessesofromiali Roo 5in.Da qntito pine plak,elotlo batds, forsIpeielyow; nda Mr.weae' ofies,4doofby-prieeot,rantd,Far Glocestrsir.ansion-house* and Estate of Druid Stoke, withi 1J Peising SO acres of excellent land. This delightful residence is situate at Stoke Bishop, ini the rich vale of Westbery. and inL the tparis,h of Wvestbury-on-Trym, adjoining the turnpike-road from Brito end Clifton to Shirehampton. The approach is by an avesuc of elm and walnuit trees through park-like and well timbered grounds. The house comprises an entrance hall, dining room, 26 feet by 19,drawigro2m Sfeet byl5, library, morning room, seven best bed roos,with faur drsigrooms on the first flot-, ten bed rooms in the attic story, servants' hall, butler's pantry, kitchen, suitable domesticoflices, and good arched cellars. The out-door offices include double coah-house, and harness room,.withrmen scm-s-ants'romsover. 6-stalled stable with lofts over, brewhoure, dairy, &c. Adjsining am; farme premises, coonsiting of a bern, yards, cart stable for six horses, cattle abede, wggon-house, root-house, &o. The premises are well supp led with hr and soft water. The house stands on an extesv lawn, studded with cedar, yew, and other-ornam~ntal trees, of unuua size and beauty, and the adjoining,groundeconsist of a walled garden weli-stocked with fruit trees, an orchard producinF. choice table fruit endsa hangIng wood intersetctd with walks - The situation is most salu-, brious, the elevation moderate, tbe soil dry and porous, and the climate mild. The surrounding scenery cannot-be surpassed for richness and luxuriance. The house and groun C: commnand magnificent views of therivyer Avon, Icingsweston-hill an ra~rl', Blistr Castle, and CDook's Folly, -with the Bristol Channel and rortishead Point in the distance. TheB3erkel,eyflunti3withinamoderatedistance. Thebousehastheright to commodious sittingsainwestbury Church, which is distant about one mnile and a half. T-he estate, which surroundsetbe mansion nearly in a ringfence, comprises about SO acres of pasture and amable land; the sodilsa rich dry loam, of ver fertile qualit 3 - The farm is weUl adap ted fur occupation by the proprietor, or will at all times commanda high rent. Appurtenant to the proprty is a6 right of past-urage on Durdam-own or 0 shep,Toe property is tithe free, and land-a redeme, ad feehld wih te ecepionofabout five acres, which arelesehldforth reaiderofa trmof 95years. The house may be vewe daiy, etwen te hors f 10and4 o'clock, by cards only, whic, tgethrwih pnat-d prticlar anoanditions of sale, malybe Brisol- f 'dssrsClars. ray,and oodcchaoicitrs,2D. Linco ln's. munfieAs Lodo; oof sac Cok maiSos,aolci-ar, hannon- IVTSS HU:MPHREYS and WA.LLEN bave re cevdinstructions from the MortgaeeistogEML byAL Grloy' at thieMAx, THIS DA&Y, May 9, at 12, in trelots. No .50, 51, and53 J,ompton-creacent,pleaanl and conveniently situate just off, bat witbin view of, the 5iih rad and baving anonmn al nee infront. Possession ofl,o,50 will begiven, No..5islettoa highlyre- spectiLble yearly tenant, wrho has occupied it since 1I46. at SO per - annum and No, 3 is ts llrlyltat£ o ionsd(eraLtion of an out. - lay ythtenat. he boveareh ldepaatfor 71 years at ground ?eut ofLiSpranum,Thisneihbouhoo isprorerbiallyhealthy,-- and ropetyheebeignoehley Ou of hebauds of the original~ Isulitrss geaty mprvin. artculrsmay be bhad of Mlers. Walthamstow.-Eligible Freehold Cottage ~P%roprt and Buiding OLed. _AUESSRS. UMEPHREYS and WALLENj -v,jl 11.1ELLby UCTOl~.at he heqcraInn. Walthamiatow on in god epai an wel teante, Aso,several pl&t6 of Buildiai Jame's hurh, bou a ileanda blt romthe Lea Bridge station, East Greenwich.-Ili"h valuable and important F1reehold Esdtates part eligible for n manmufactory on a:laige scale, part forming a 5mb rate investment, and the remainder w~orthy of the noticee of buoderssIpeculators ad smell captalists. AI[ESS'RS' HUMPRrEYS and WALLENT have ILreceived instructions from the Trustees to SELL bv AUCTION.i. at the Mart, in the month of May, in lots, the well-mown andl highly valnable ESTATE comprising the flax mills andropery, man rsa n te ocuptio ofMessrs. Elnderby; -the stea~m engine anN toier worla ln teocupation of Mr. reale; severai peces of eligible l:nd ; a. foreman's bouse. 12 cottages, stabiug. ke. Te frtmn lianed premises are suitable for any extensive bosneas for wihsa cdous bnidin5asby the wat,erside are desiderata, They comprsacpi tal wharf, wit-h crane, rangsolag,ubtniL ndel-gh buildigs engine and boiler houses, &*c. The covered roprex tendis 150 fathoms, and this and the foreman's hence, and ertain pieces of land, wil be sold either with the above premises orirn distinct lots; separately they are eligible for manufacturers onga smaller scale. The premises on lease tu Mir. Ileale form a first-class, investment, the tenant having n valiiable interest beyond his rent of £210 per annum, The plots of land abut on a new thorouighfarer leadng romtherivr wll o te min eadwhich leads to varoion la -nd-irel orthyofxteatentiFeeond ofIuildmers land spcuators. Thed 9 ctaESSare el bUil,PndfRmEYSbl sall inestENts Prined rticeivred witplnstrmaytsorstoSLL y AUTO.,he ha o MsrsITt ans, Uon. pton an Johson soeitos, stnfnars atthe Mart; and o Messrs. Humphreys and Wallen, £8. Old Dra-tet Ziy hr NWile-eond-rod-xlenaFeeod nvaubestm eebo.lan taredeecmed M SSRS. HlTUhIPHREYS and WA.LLEN havere received instructiorsto SELL, by AUCTION, inc theloat, onth. mout May-,atne, the aoeOuslSdrhOe1q.EABOLDEBTeERhous i a iMessharrsomegtonedi and Cthe lterae beting stlet ond leas ford t yarst,t atntr5nper hanum burticunderlyetn abati£45 spercanenum, tbe reieh avcin madtue af lare proutlays mte onthprms. atastefulawzi uirrouin ded time th ofme ssrs. esJ inoertonrsed Son, solicitors lseav-tatio Tihepgarish ate th(e Mat;e andi bofnMessrs. guprend monaind Wen,ry an Od oread. otear are te p-lsiu trctivequ unuatind aluabe Feehold Etstaesf, om-d trisingwthefMansion andmle Grudisofty-naur and therpeFarmn obfe Lheninterntheaccommodacomprisiong narl 400moacres tutemdtomforal cheer fumoiemtysme and mgis Eicenrthseney waith o raignlwayaccommodation /inthe ount. and t he fi e Y and oub WdnsaLLEot ro avenn aemostnthialJne ThefabmovpLe jsalyuadmir resinOE.thebeshoue saad bihansom stone odfclicvation, the later GaThing stye,enn good tieaste, thred eintrance thai particula fr lytighr being a batflspeimerofthe rich architectre f th peiod it s sate enstasefu l res, surroundediby thehom patues,intrsprsd wth hriin plantations, Theor,r onesid th viw iboudedby ran montin scementry, and on tho fore rlyml yth idn ofC theT b autfu drierctsd (whic aorSexELLen syAlmo 0%n. and tru ihenl wirth mon reidisant lvies of thesitoly oftuarein (etwonmilesdsant) nandt thurnplk,eaing obede'rcts. ctheitaesmalesacc gommodaion theoncuatcmoious and comfortable te7atsat io anuthe conty,anda theoficeswad autuidpatuinsrem bodth conenient ant sutbsan til the farmtcomprises about 300 acresMinsthe best heart an autionewitrth mansion eors for lettingh,thr Solbeig sprae am-ou SndomuttradfyL aderatle,e Themd aProertalsor acrestofmountai wodEadpStre. land. The THRalyiS,ti 1re mntiles,ea d p toim ofMes SELbAUkaTd0and,attheAr, sohe Fit day,29 L s-n23ln ati12-ini 1~~FESSRS. RICE BRO HERS, arvedireed. antpr TW BriEton. Iw COTTAGES Vlasinf-dtacedrepatll built,. deiAblP itae inS Morton-anYer THe: tuapve eiFreeiedrins. cotrutae,Plenstie-rovem i the Moccupagetion of repetal tenants, at t. lowt,anna Frentals.2 May,a beviedand paticulots, haO capta dtaheinsa RtShaiNCESat theMr;andsm leattheoffce ofd Mleasrnlys.tuite, brtersg. autoneers and srvEyTorVlas, 2,B tough, routhark,Luhoog ocneet, TWOg moder acomKaindfrafml,ms substauttlyblt WLiNGHE stteand fibeding oever6 reand 7o, Queganeiandoth-stree, Hombeyin m cifoineany onee.and1,Bck-tet)e o an er in the occupationofhglrepcae ofthenns pranttnns atPtasroducing £52ta f 9 perronnum; anldhRtgrouc ofo 66 years unxpre,at ae oiwe grun prent,o May tho viewed,s and par-- ticulars had of Messrs Fitch and Fitch. solicitors Union-street, Suh wearkia gtheActions e at;eutou AandatMe at. ie,ssrlthero, auctio sLcinoffices, 26, Borough,- Southwark, formilesnfTwo superiord deachd Villasm foersy MEnSSRS. RICE, BOTHERS, ae ishmtd y atrucotins Mrgagee to SELL b y AUCTION , at the Mr,o rca M1ar 3 t'2,on in tdoylots. May,htig2lyin twoblots, IO capitalndetached HOELDECETAS Iof hndsome levaton, anderpleaantl state, bepininosg upandso 4, aiesaof fillas, Barrie ngton-rad,w lauhdooegh-a riDg con wtainnganfipsle e acco moda-tio o farmiyar, meret susantgialycult,ra anidfinishe wthrever rotaeg,&.ardso eulegancean stuate~ cdomining with tpcmfrtsand convenience; Manthe ocuati onsl of thieb respectabl tel'ng.iant,adpoucing aomo ren htal,o £91d permannum hel atrs grounh reonts g of£ X153 pd. and3pranum,a ben leased, orand paunexpired ater ofe WhiyeHars. Gulayobe -aewtedb permisspaiionsof the t 3enants;a indar ticulas;ha of bss Mtc nra, tch an Fiholicitors , UiUnitret Bof sroug Sh;afMsrsSen and Grant, oiios , solietos.1.Pncspae Kenois gtoncos;athe Auction Mart;;ado andrs atMe,saBc,Bohr, aiasuctiyonrfcs, 263, Borough, Southwark. Woklug.seuredIvstmentsut Sale. pfoverty vaual Freeh-od andHy Copy- hod ms Ituat-einth deligtu vicinity ofUWoIn nd ilage Ilq IG arSSwaS. IE, onThrsd THERS1, t2,no instwo ucted by odro ofL the McivrtgagpinesdoSL by AUeCTIOi , at thaee Pursat,lonFrday liaytio, of18 thtw louts, the ollvinghivaluable PtRifQlRTand oPY-. lag.7 Supwasrdseft, ancresto ertileuarabe an homeao landD, int ua rn fence, atithealow houe,t of m p aert farnmyhed barns sod yargricuturalow buildings, thsig recottms fe,r IalseoSun-hil Parm Cesitatelfo adonig untm ictures.quervllage of Meayfrd. Hoand apnsod Doflhemani oiior o 141in, wichrcthrvauabl eomm_ Lonerghs, and. slcmprein 50 Hacre-s ofic alomsble,reado, and hopr landel, aucthicapita residenc, h uromesdtea. bVarp,ptbing.-Vandbl Hcmpact f sarmbilie, cottages,inghe. Houlifame. are let toLawigrepca lelenn uponLeae at modeIOte retals amutin two £1ho p eranm M Doay eie,anpatclrhda. tewhit Hartuatdford at thnel trnia ied ioathe beichbNouri9n towns;aof Messrs.iFitch andsFitch, sorlictrs Unio Chrstreet; :letioruld ofu Messrs.cSaml eais and rant, smolictor,1.Pinces-pMl ac,ennmngform- cres; a theAucion art andof eser.Lie,B ofther utioanets.- and surveyors, 263,Borough, Sonthsurk -JjR. 1IURRELL wil SELL by AUCTION, at. LV.G arraway'f, on Thursdlay, May 15, at 12, in two lorts, by VOre oub orptearnceive appoineted byte Courtl of ChaenseryTh purmuontmoth irctonsis of the Cort,in throlowsdtingro, valablesom6eIT :3-L et 1.A h'o.7, outhstret, llnches-quar, ahou e andnchop vluet isoa leas. a thelowren of 55 er nnum hed fr 3 ears at a12 low. I misson. artinlar hadof Mssrs Ho ard ad Dof mar. sourlciutor.- 14.M ESShRebStr. ;of.H JoGnSNres, sqt,soicitor d atoStELL 1~r.M R ELwl ELby AUCTION, oth lese aaoe,nWeedat.31k 14 lid Garwayo flon Thursday, atMay15 daty1, tin thrce lots valZHUabE,andEEDODINGTANTES, rcnitiong of three apitalousrie-bwitthhouses with two oshopso, stuateic iniasdense-ppulte localty, breing No s.a a8, t9eandolOte sYamen ih-tet carirad otrinerofs Chup ron-tr.t I to hold fr ingtgood investments. May be viewed byd catloguesio of a the tenants Patiulr hadjcn oaMesss tWiknso nd and Sthevens, soliios 2,~ Niche -n Sr.Murei , auctioneer r an etate agentsvanr,&,Waibrentor, city.lee Coetil-holuete Sal of Fitwongblc-Tiesidences, cmanding un ~R.MUR ELL wil SELLby AUCiON at. b ILL Grrawy's,on Thrsda. Ma 15.atrg. ito lets,n Tof sub- t - Andcresiong rooms, esandthed necessry offies back and fvron gasrdetins minurtes' iza.-omseholForethlBnituwe y Stations n ftems nscmmandigond beautiful sies i tevr county h nulvlei £1ri,anthys creig theldfort the years, at a troa rhenof12O,la be SSewed J.PricuaS hand o Mesrs.HAw beg a td acquain t oii .1tor, 41 uoenlthurh-ntry,eet;atoGrmway's:c andI ofli in.generral, ac thiner. Auct,ion WbRooms,IL2 nd7,Liet-tr,Llser rebmountjogiblurery, Uxbfrt.ide-ra, LEsln,f.'fiddies.f9 'S. ODESSEC.S.sKI-sntr eandSNare inesofctru Cte hdvonSEL ILL y ACTIN, n tevr Pcemses, as abopetrve,z tonensdaye, Mayd al 14, andtwo folowing dys, at I eac day, ritheechoiceG denHUsl. and DEDDI(1 PLAy r, erctos of thee genosswt l st.ges, hot-hoaurse,twobyricpiamad4 Asmlight,ereto of shean a ds a er tocdoit, om carir ndoter igon, hoTfont.r hoseolde,r and ajaomtmarke town: andat th roffc fMess a King andEte Son, uctineer, esate gent, valers,ha. reutord.?dodies :Teniers Shye RJcmbrant Both- Ostade Andrews Rubens Berghec Wouvermans Linnell Terbmr Limgelbash. On view. Catalogues as above. 2.B. Stoner advauced on every descriptionof propertyforpositive and immediate sale. Now on View.-A very cboice CoUection of Paintings: pxrt the pro- perty of a gentleman, and removed from his resdence, Regent'sparkr. lJR. GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, at his l Gallery, 71, Quadrant Pegent-street,T]IIS DAY (Frid-,y, May 91, and To-moriow, at 1 precisely, a very fine COLLECTION of higb. claws PICTURmi, part the property of a gentleman, and removed fromx his residence, Rcat's-part. for positiv.e sale. Amnong wliich are to. be found-St. John,. Lda Vinmc, a ve.y fine example; the Nativity, Correggl(, very fine; Hfoly Family, Raffaelle; Landscape and Figures, Wyenans and others by the followving moasters- uri;lfo Rubens Salvator Bosa Baroeio Wonvermans COVp Vela3quez A. del Satro, Sc. Catalogues at the gallery, 71, Quadrant, Regent-street. No. 63, Fleet-strect, city.-Extraordinary Sale of ricturcs, unwnards of 2,(00 lots to be cleared off, the proprietors retiring from tiebusiness. NA[PR. a LOUIS KELLY has been honotired with ILLinstructions from t.e pruprietors (wiho are retiring from the bluniniess) to SELL by AUCTIOCh, on the Premiers, as above, on Wednesdayv and Thursday, M-ay it and 15. the first portion of the choice and' valuable COILLECTION of PATNTINGS, the vhole of vhich haTv been selected with the greatest care and judgment from the Italian, Spanish, Flemish, Dutch. French, and Englith schools; some of a. highlyspeculative character, particularlyv a highly finished landscapes and ligures, by J. and A. Bsoth; a fine landscape, by F. HYagunith; figures and river scene, by Cuyp; an Interior, by P. NYeefe; a charming picture, by Wouvennans; the Hiour of Best, by A. Fraaer; Bnghland Ho0epitelity, Willis; beautifully exec uteA cattle picturA. by Cooper; and esteemed and choice examples of the foilocing. masters;- 'BPerghem Do Heem lTeniers SirJothua Reynolds Wilson Canatetto Rembrandt Vandyke Rubena Benny Carlo Do]ci Gainsborough; and other eminent master, On view twvo days prior. and ata.ooues had en the premfises, 63, Feet-street; and at he officesof the auctioneer, 15, Boigrave-street souh, Pimlico.
