STATE OF TRADE. hANCH ESTER, JULY 31. The yarn-market has been stronger to-day, the demand being more of a general character than for any particular market, and prices have an upward tendency. The fine weather, perhaps, more than any advices from the various markets, is encouraging operations, and a sound and healthy tone pervades business circles. At tho same time, the dis. position to specuLe among holders of cotton at Liverpool is a drawbac- Spinners are still at a disadvantage as re- gards prices, being nnable to command remunerative rates | at the present market value cf cotton, so that any advance would 'ce likely to discourage business very seriously. lamnufacturers are workiun at rates in many instances less remunerative than those obtainable by the spinner, and neither are in a good position, though the increase of business perceptible in both yar and cloth this morning, and for some days 'past, has tended to a more cheerful feeling than we have lately experienced. The linen trade is comparatively quiet, but Xesrs }lichardson, Tee, and Co. report that there has been mnore than an average demand for export during tho month, ad thlat stocks are not accumulating in any department of the trade, whilo lower descriptions of goods are very scarce, and command higher prices. The handloom production is now small, and may be expected to remain so tin after the harvest. The Board of Trade returns show that the import of flax during June was less than in the corresponding month of last year, which may poartly account for the high price of yarns. Spinners have established the advance of price lately sought and are fully engaged, as are also most manufacturers, both by handand power-loom; therefore, iakinginto account the prospects of a good demand during the aultumn, there seems no chance of prices being lower for some timne to come.
BAILWAY IPTELL1GENOR. WORTH STArl?OR1Dl'STRK The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Wednesday at Stole-upon-Trent, Mr. T. Broderick in the chair. 'he Secretary read the report, an absBrac's of -which has The CUIRN, inmoving tile adoption ot the report, entered at some leng,th into the stAate of the company's afaiurs in reference to the litigation now pending betwreen thenm and the London and NTorth-Wfestern Company on account of sums due to the lorth Staffordshire Company tunder an agreement entered into by the two compsnies. He congratulated the shareholders on the improvement in their traffic, and stated that from the year1lbo2, when all their branch lines might be considered completed and open throughout, there had been a steady increase of traffic. F?or the first half of 1852 the receipts amounted to 126,000?. ; of 18.53, to 148,0O0t; of 1854, to 168,000?.; of 1855, to 148,0001.; and of 185I, to IS1,000f; and with this increase the ratio of profit became greater in proportion, because the worng expenses amounted to a smaller percentsge of the gross reOEiptS. He had no doubt, wvhen their traffic was properly developed, they would he in a position to pay a much higher dividend than they could at present. They only wanted fair play and a little time to enable them to exceed the dividends of the London and North-Western Company. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DICEY seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. rs reply to questions it was. stated that the increase in the capital account since 1852, when the agreement was first entered into with the London and orth-Westera Oompany, was chiefly for the purpose of providing additional roling-stock. Besolutions were passed adopting the report, declaring a divideud at the rate of 3S Der cent, per annum for the halfyear on the ordinary stockl of the company, re-electing the retiring directors, and also Mr. Salt, theoretiring auditor. The proceedirigs concluded with a vote of thanks to .the chairman and directors for their atbtntion to the interests of the company. CROMFORD AND HGH PEAR. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterdayat Derby, Mr. Wright in the chair. The SEw=EARY read the report, which stated that the revenue during the past half-year has increased, and that the balancenow inhand is ample to pay the ourrentinterest upon the debenture steck Class A and upon the 61. per cent. pweference shares, leaving a surplus apphicable to fUture dividend. The directors have contracted to purchase new rails to re-lay the line between Buxton and Whaley, and the works on that porion are progessg as rapidly as circuinstanoes require. The directors direct the attention of the proprietors to the necessity of talcing upthenew capital.. The opinion they expressed in their last report that the revenue vwillbe ample to meet the interest on that stock is verified by the present state of the receipts, but when the junction is-onened witl the Stoekport, Disley, and Whaley-brid,e lineit must be very considerably increased. 'The directors, and those immediately connected with them, have already subsecibed to the amount of 14,0001. which is a sufficient indication of their opinion of the value of the investm6nt. - Xr. NIxDnnAr moved that the report be adopted, and fhdt interest at the rate of 31 per cent. be paid on-the debenture stock class A, and 6 per cent. on the preferenco Shares, whichwas agreed to. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the thairman. MADRAS. The half-yearly mecting of this company wras held yesterday at tLe London Tavern to receive a report from the directors, and to consider a proposal of the East India Companyfora new contract, and, if deemed expedient, to creato new capital,-Major-General Duncan Sim in the .chair. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in 17eL 2'isn, was taken as read. TheiCle sQRMAc,in moving the adoption of the -report, said they had no doubt that the first section of their line from Madras to Arcot had been open for traffic since the 1st of this month. The distanco -was 65 miles. The works and surveys of the remainder of the line ta Beypoor were proceeding satisfactorily. The formal of the hne for traffic was appointed to toewace in the presence of -the Governor, Lord Harris, and other Government authorities, on the 28th of June, tud he had no doubt the ceremony was duly performed, as his Lordship had taken a very 'lively interest in. the progress of the railway. It was now about three years slaye the first sod had been turned, and they had hoped that the first -section of the lino would be opened at atn earlier - nod, but difficulties had arisen to prevent it. The great sustance they had to send the materials. the inexperience of tIe workmen in railway works, and other matters, had retarded operations, but now all those difficulties hiad bee overcome, and there was nothing likely to interfere with the rapid execution of the remainder of the line. The proposal bf the East India Company ws that they should contract for the construction of another line from adras by Caiddapa and' Bellary to .-a june. tion with the southern line from Bombay, and thus tf oomplete railway conununication between Madas- and Bombsy. The object of the ine ias to open outthe fertile aistrictabetween Cudda'a and Beuary, but, if ehe con rse of the line had been leat to the directors, they would - haie acoomplished the objeot by another route, pas6ing aear -Bngalore and Belary, but, having represented their',rews to the East India Company, they were met with oppeaition. Tlee length of. the line would be 60 miles- more tban that proposedi by the East India Company, hutt theni tlaoy would svoed a diffncult country, two meuntain paases,-a'nd'twao -li-ge rivers. Acting under the advice ef thxe Governor (General, they proposed to adhere to the original plans; haL thel3astlndia Company iadeoureJnted to amoddile&'snot thosaeplxas, which would to a certain. extent reiidei | dertakdiglees obboctionahle ass enabla them to eons et thoi-line morve 4ili, ina they biiZi that a gtG-CrPU 0w it miighlt be qTrapidlyA wa IbeTt. -Wifj Tem to i}xa lirdic, hc,Siaie tt t tol be verjr ionsideribia, as the propo"d line rould -monopolize the whole of the traffic of the iitrict. At fieUore they manufactured ilt very cieaply, and it was vewr pure; it ws threfore reaonable to expet a lrge traffic 3n that article, The only -rans at prS of ding isAlt out of that district wag'on the bacleEobullocks, %ad it couldnot b sent any diptart in thbat 'y without considerable expense; vbthait ass t present onldrar~ilale to rich people. and the Poor.eoild onay obtan a e inferior kind of salt from another source. The r - y, 'oulld, convey that neesary- cominodity an immense district, and be great boon ,to the :,people. lear Caddapa there were seveal rich ditricts grwing cotton, ug-r, indigo, and 'cther things'which were manfactured at Cadd4pi to a oonsidierale extent. In BelArythey wrealsoin the hrt of the-cotton-gro g ,distriict, 'Which- were stated by .the 'Governor-General to b theiichest and most productive dis. .es in India, and thxa they 'rere well calculated to repay them fos the outlay. From Bellary they 'wouli proceet Hyderbad, and thenee to the junction of the line from Bombay. If they decided on mlking this line, they would have tio trunk lines, exfionding from Mara to the Malbr coat, and to which, ixthe course of time, various branches and extensions would-become tributary by falling into thme trnk linea. He concluded-by moving the adoptioi of the reprt. .m&r. LZ-IN seconded the motion, and in doing so said that,frorn his knowledge of the district through 'wkich the proposed line 'was intended to, pas, lie felt satisf it I would be apaying concern. Viewing the proposition -olii- c3lly and commercilly, the best thing they could do-as-:at I once to accept the contract for making the new line. Had the zailway been in existence some years ago it 'would have saved the lives of an immense number of poor people who | perished by famiae. IL-.L AnBBuTEh-On a diector, did not entertin the same view oE the limie as the other dircwtors. Hewas notso saguine of profits, and if they deternined on making it he should like to see the accounts with regard to it kcept separate fros those of the other line now in course of con- A&long discussion ensued on the natEre of their contract with the East Inaia Company, in the course of whiciLt r. Fzeshfield, the solieitor,pointea ont some anomalies iu the cc-mtrac, which gave iiseto .good deal of uncertainty ma to its costruction; but, from the most attentire consider. tin of it, he ws of opinion they 'were entitled to receive bsck their money from the East Indis Company, in case they should not like the undertaking, or an equivalent for their capital in the shaze of an annuity.The East India Company might pay them back their money iinder the agreement. Mfr. ORA.W}ORD explained that the East India Company did not undertake to do more than pay them a certain percentage on the paid up capital, ana to return the capital when required, or to give ther an equivalent for it in the sbape O a marketable security. Ilesolttions ware passed adopting the report authorizing the directors to undert-ake the contract for the north-west line of railway frm Maidras, and to issue new capital inrespect thereof to the extent of 1,000,0001., entited to a gnarantee d interest of 5 per cent. per anuml. A vote of thaks to the chirmn and directors conclude teproceedins.p WORCSTES AN)D HEREBFOID. This line is to be commenced immediately, and a-meeting has just been held at Worcester of representatives of the Worcester and Hereford, Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverharmpton, and ewport, Abergarenny, and Hereford ailway Companies, for the purpose of arranging the terms on vhich the aid of all the companies is to be given to the Worcester and Hereford line. The original route will be somew'hat departed from. Staring from the Oxford, Worcester, ana Wolverhampton sttion at Worcester, the line W pas copletely through that city. and a sation will be pced inte centre of the town M1vern. station willbe nearto thetown, and the Mialvern hills wll be cut through by atunnelZ,550 yards long. There will be a second tunnelat Ledbury two-thirds of a mile long, and the line will join the Shrewsbury anld Herefordline nboutL a mile out of Hereford, BAMRY EXTENSION. - It appears that the project for the extension of the Cork and Bandon line of railway to Bantry and the west of the Icouty is to bereviseL A preliminary meeting of partiesin- tereted was held on Wednesday, at B3ndon, at 'which the new directors were present on the part of the Cork andRail. way Company. They were met by Lord Bernard. ALP., and a LuXnber of gentlemen interested in tho part of the county throiugh wich the proposed extension will run. After considerable dizcussion it was agreed that the garantee for the extension line from B3ndon to Bantry, wvith branches to Sitbbreen and Clonalilfy, should be increased from three percent. on 6,O001. per mile, to four per cent. on 6,00W at mile, subject to a zevision of -the relative taxation as sDocified; andit was determined that this resoluton should be submitted to a pablic mneeting of the ratepayers for their spprovaL, TRAFFI'C BETU35S. Mies Paa- blet- To, To li . ope, esu andie 155 1855. weeendig JulY19. A,bezdeeu ant Sobtiah Lfd- land uncttion -. ..115 .. . .. 3,771 .a, ,5-3 Weekcdinf July 20. Bre"and7}xeter . ..317 .. - .. 8,920 .. ,62 Lodo,T ilbury,andaSuthx endlExtension , .. - ..g35.. 256.. 2,195 .. 1,72 lcsAaglis.' ._ _.- ._ -.. - .. 9-5 .. SIO Week endig July26. Nhorth-Esstem .. .. 7031 - .. - .. 5,39r. .3 3s,64 Great Southem andWeste (Ireland) .. .. .. 203 . - . 477 ,, WaterfordandLimerick.. 77 - .. - .1 .. 126 ,. 1,033 Belfas andBallymene a .. - .. - .. - ,. 1,196 , Londo:idse=yandEnniskillsn 60 . 467 . 310 777 590 Watedord and ilkenny .. 31 .. - . - 405 357 Cork, B13hrclc, and Zhw: sae.- .... -.. 513 255 MunddalkandEnniikillen.. 35 4. - ,. .. 4 ,, 393 illarnAeyJunction.. 41 .30.. - 43 38 NVaterafordau ere ..aud or. 7 . - .. - 2S 202 Irish Sonth-Eastern ,. 25... _ 99. -. .,305 Limerickandy-yne.s 171..-.. - ..- 63 . Week en4ins July 27. Great Western .. .. - .. - .. - ..3 1,293 .. 27,537 idlhod .. .. .. 49- .. .. . 3D,t93 ..2S,14S Eastern Counties, 17or!olk. and Eastern Union .. 417 - , - .. .. 27.614 . 24,658 Lancasbire and Yorkhio' 2- - .. - .. ,277 . 22,774 Munebester, SheMield, and Lineolnahiret .. ..173 .. - .. - .. 9 .417 .. 5,104 BastLancash.Ire' -. ... - .. - .. 5,056 .. 6.057 Ch-tester and Hoirheada . . - .7 - - 5 293 . . 342 OorIb rish.. . 14 .4 3,204 2,63D 3554 .. s3 Oxford,Wo=cester, andWol- _ -erhame;to....... .24 .. 2,293 ... 31,'53 ... 4.14S ., 3,61 ctln r ab ffinD (I land .-. . .. - .. - .. -,5 ... ^55.076 IxondenandBlacku'afll ................ - 1, 1 01 D1, 1i6 . 1e6 Doblln and Drugheda .. 63 . - . 1. - , 1,6f4 16 Dabln and Belfast Junctin 0 . - . - 1.416 1,319 Antwerp and Iiotterdam.. - S73 .. 210 1;033 966 SbrDopsire Uidon 8. . 29k., - ., - .. S17 ,, 25 Belfast and County Down. - .. - .. - .. 369 .. S27 Hewpne4, Abergarenny, and .erelor .. .. 40 -. - .. - .. t101 .. 70S Week ending July 29. Dublin andWilcklow ,, 341.. - .. - .. 103 .. 411 DablinandRing-stown .. 6 . - .. - .. 1,26 .. 1,57 *TbisamountincludestheLveUrpDooL Cboby, andSeoiupertraffle wbichlisut insludtd in tbe -esorreonding pcrioa. t Incl-uding haJf otthe Stabuchster. Soat Junctimo. and Altincrniam reoeivts. Grimab7 Dock duties. keC. and Cbesterf.eld anal eceipu'- T The receipts for merchandise traffic arae published after deducting weetsy tre balance on tbe Lecds and Liverpool Cauai.
THE COBY TRADE. ArAwnTTVQ??" --,, With the excaptio a of some very heavy showers on Saturday mornihg and Sunday night, the weather since our last reP9rt has beez of a much more favourable character, and under itsinfluence the crop3 are repo:tedtobermlangrapid Progress towardsmatrty. Thaecountry weamt markets have consequently given way, the effect of which Upon the hiour trade Zere loss been to cause an exceedingly lanuid feeling, few sales being practicable, although selles vould have submitted to lowerprices. Beans, oats, and oatmDeal have participated in tho deprereon, and mingt hveobeen parauhasedor somewbat lower terms. Liberal suppDueaof irheat and ilour from the United States and Canadahaveagan rea^hediLivcrpol, but of Indianocornthuarntaes arelight. Promlrelandtheimportsof oatsaud oatmelaemfair for the se eson ol the searc Our ruarket this meorning a very thsnly atUended, ansi in the alenefedtentipoeition onsthapartofb buaers toperate. twheat wma eand sdper plb onfoteign. rom the saesau we eals treducenour iotetioes &s. Per eSckon }hogbsh flour and ls.6d. per barrel opriAmae rican. Oats and oatmeal wreFeneglected nd rather.lower. Egpls hens Ind indlen corn were each aboat ls. per quarter cheaner r - BItl~ RAi J:3sa Ii. Gloceeterand lWorrser markes on the 25th 'wheat iwas about Ds.perqunrier lowrer. Dairy sStil scare, and quite as dear. Oats rueslatolned their value, the enp]ybelnn barely equalsto the demutd. Deane and peas anadtereal T:uing the present 'week: te splendid woetherhaspretb muchyo tsinoptothewo heat trade, and prlces ar nompaZllvs. to Se par quarter lowrer. ISarley quite as dear. and in viquest satspelle o atforneerptreea Deans only taken- in retaiL At Wo fqerh ampun yeeterdwy the supply of wheat as short, bt the sales enadewrere at astieclineo o35. to 4. per quarter. Atbtbiedeays maret there wastr a supply of heat, and t21 q fewr sales mide were idra declUne o£ 3I. to 45 per quarter. harley rather hiher. Oste, beans, fodpeaAexaltesed - GLAS¢OOW JUar 1D. -- We have again k3d much ri n dents; the week: stillwere drF forcing weatherneovto set in there5roaldbe tcomseeOf abunance. Tho supp iaeooatwriae have been immnaterial; from Irehlan theF eond teof fair quantites ofoate, flour, and oatmeal; from abroq. by the Clye, of 1.621(t Orinr of 'wheat and 2,23l barrels of loulr fromlielr lorkc, andl,Sii qt~ter50£o brans from Aleradi; 'via Gougemoth, of 3,470 quartem of 'wheat. whereof-tlO are fron . Peeburg; tbersmalnder from the ElbeaedJahde. Therews n rc p d ;the 'week, wheat and foureinj some Thaisgt (lx mret was tolerably 'well atteneotd. 'Whet bsu& four were areallieal t-a lednetioof about is. per ball and brelre. seively. harley continue scc, nti itn *uonsD O b~ere oats, oatmeaal, n orei4io ea rlXed the turn imbuydavQqn,
2FZZ FBrGHTFUL- ACCIDETr OY YHRo4 1 l; --PRys,IYZrY4A4 RAIZ.O4D. - 11rmti 6W&ta t~v7 About 9 oolo* tis Vaorei0M ths "lung ateUi eaed the city tt -aliio had- ccedpo 1North Penmylvaala, Xaiload (a single i4-s w bets thi regalar morning train from Gw3edd and: aii i7cmMiOW iiIM: that left the ityatl_ o'elook 'thi r wqth' larg pry. of chool children and t e- . - particulLrs, s far as -we have been abl to glean them fronm rehlble sou, are as foow --- At5 eidock in the morning spol train of ten eartleis the Aterarect dep6t with tle xchools of -Se Micrael's Roma Catholic Church,i.s Kensingtou. The ts-cusmg purty conisted of betweeo 50 ancd 600 p erso n eSt 'mal ity of -whom were children.. They inteDded proceedine to Fort Waglugtoss, 14i miles from he city, whrm theyi 'wereto en3oyapic-nic. Owingto the aumberof earand thee w.eight of the rin therewaas omedelay. andte eWvtor:, 3fr. Alfred Fe :Hoppel, finding himself behind time, piuhed~ 'forward wi greatapiditywbetowxard the ena of his tip. The regular panger ain for thb city left ,Gwqned iat 6 @clock, and reached Camp-hil at 6 I& Findanj' the excursion trmin kad not yet arrived, Mr. W.E *V-tavorui, the conductor, determined not to wait for it, and Iis train was moving along when the expeed tra came thuideerhg on round a curve at the ate of 35 nile an hour. A osi o oizr, ensu edwith the most appalling consequencee. Th down train. eped witho;:ti serious damage, but t'he scene presented by the excusaio trainws fearful. The eorward cars of the trai & 'crashed conmpletely to pieces, and the. ireck-kn-liug .with that of the xnotlv-ookfire, andtheflame6 comn imunicated to the other cars of. the train. The two next cara, afterthethree that were wrecked outright took Enr ancl were entirely consuned. The inmates of tlhrieo f oe . cars were completym2ixed-up with the wreol, and aleuger number of them wrerelill outrigt. There wereprobablr 50personsin each of the thrae cars, a the iowest estimatoe'we hearafxxihe number of killed at 5o ,while it was feare: the dread agrgate woulIreach O00. Weni our itformatleft the Spot every effortwas bmg made to rescUe tha -wounded and Fhbodie of the deadfromthewek Rvezy-- thing was in the widest conusion, 2nd it was, of course, impossible, -aer the circumstauces, to arrive with any cer-- tainty at thenumber of the ictilmS, or to pretend to obtain - anyparticularsas to theirnAmes. lXfr. Hoppel, the conductor, escaped with very little injury. Hanry Harrjs, the engineer of the excursion train, was cut to pieeer'and killed instantly, and John D)gane, the fireman, among fh9e missng, acnd it is believed he is under t.0~ wreck. As soon as the dreadful intelligence reached the-r citya carws despatched with allU possible 3p3ed fro.-, tha Master-street depOt with physicians and other ist tance. Oneofour rportere, onhearing the nes, ima. diatelY repaired to the office of the company, a. Front and Willow streets, but the 10 o'clock tran had just ief ther.- sttion. He then proceedie along the line of the road to the outer depOt of the compay, where he foundthe viC3-' president and engineer of the road at the depvtb which wass. surrounded byithunsands of excitedmen and Women., He' vas informed that an attempt had been made to sand handcars along the road to the scene of the accident, but they, had been immediately surrounded by the mob, and tis-poce ad tIe CMploYS of th'e company had the utmoeit difficulty in keeping them from being run off with.; The excitement at the Willow-street station was nZlJsintense. Excited crowds were 'eagerly inquiring forthe iAtest intelligoe from the scene, rhile those wh3:, had children on the ill-fated train were in .the most dreadful condition of suspense. The news of the accldenr l havingbeen widely circlated, a -large nuamber of par;ass who imaginedtheirfriends :might he among the injureL. alsoproceeded to the outer sttion. The ecitement amn=n-, the pedestrans, the majority of 'whomu were women, appeared to incrase as they roached the Cohocksing station. The place where the accident occarred is called Camp-. hill station. It is 14 inilesfronm Philadelphia. The roaa' curves twie, so that, at-gay, 5W yards the approachinglocoo:tives could not be seen by theirrespective engineers, The ground of the road is "made,"anembaukmentramieng;W along for about 100 or 150 yards This embanlaneat ig. about 26 feet in height. The track is single, and when thea lecomotives rushed so faslly togetherthey rose on end, the, fire bo.es nearly touched, the wheels wre- knockee off, aDd. they turned over, and now lie side by side in the same di. rection, wbich is nearly square across the road.. Three of the cars o' the excunion train canught &.elike a flsh, and in a very few moment3 nothing was left of then but the wheels, the other ironwork) and, I fewcharred timbers and smouldering pieces'of thehuman fbame. 'There are twoi hotels, one dwellinghouse, a blacksmilth's shop, and a small shed within about 300 yards of the -scene, and to these places thewounded were fist carried. lot a. te is to be seen for a considerable distance on any side, and the glaring sun beat down uponithe dead, the wounded, ' their rescuers, and, their half-orazed Uiednds, 'who were flocking to the scene, or running on foot, in waggins, andc every species of vehicle that could be procured in the city. The most horrible sight- of all was, that of the. burning cars; for in a few-moments after the collision the fire sprea& rapidly through the broken remnants, burnin and roasting to death 19 m'en, women, and children. The groans and shouts of the wounded and those held by the legs and arms .to the burning lreck- were, of a chracter to appal the bravest heart. A row of men Was nt once formed and buclkets used to eztinguish the'flsmes, but they were uLsuccessful. Alae number-of personswere t-hen from the& -wreck slightly bruised, who maie hairbreadth escapes from, being burt to death. . It is compuated that from 40 to 45 lives were lost, and that. between 50 end 70 perso-s were burnt or wounded more or less severely. Of one of tho consumted victims nothing was left but "a few bones and lis shoes." Xleven bodies of men and women and children were found burnt tD a cindarin one car! They must have been literally roasted alive, and presented a spectacle truly horrible; 27 bodies coul, not be recognized at alL The mutilated remains of four Imen and women and a child -were dug from beneath ireengine and tender, and the remains of a small child were., foundi utder the ruins of the engine, in the ash-pan. A gentleman named Swaics was at Chestnut-hill, about three miles distant, when the disaster occurred. He immediately hastened to the spot, and he fnishes the following-particulars of the catastrophe that camio-ander his owm. observation:-" The scenie was the most avful I ever witnessed. OEfivec-srnothingwasleft standing but the whiels, every bit of woodwork was totally destroyed. A number oE the dead were lying in a heap so dreadfully burnt that yo:Lcould not tell whether they were men or women.. Under. the ruins the bodies of some 15 or 1S persons could be seen. NTo portion of them conld be reached but their limbs. Here a leg protruded, and there an arm or a head could be' discovered. The cars could be seen burning for 3 distance of four miles, and the Chestne-hill Fire Company hastenedt to the spot, -and by their exertions in extinguishing thie ffiames served materially in the work: of resening the dead. The people around the neighbourhood hastened- to tha. dreadful scene, and by every means in their vower assistea in the relief of the wounded. Fortunately, there was a quantity of ice and ice-crm on the train; this | was given to the wounded; it refreshed them greatly- iDs. Jacoby, Eghert, and Smith, of Chestnut-In, and Dr. Neewbury, of White Harsh,. were among the physicians who aere early upon the spot, and who d,id everytfing in their power to ascis the wounded. Th'eret was but one house in the immediate vicinity, and this was tarown open to the reception of the sufferers. A-s the train of baggage-cars sent uD from the city approached the spoti the scene beggareaall description. Somee -rom the city who had friends onthe excursior. jumpd out;before the tram stopped, and sought their friends, -who too oftenl wre, dead or horribly mutilated. Their shrieks voul,d minge with those of the dying. Maen.left their work for miles around, and came to thespot amdrendered al- thea sisn in their power. ay were halpingto remove te locomotive, under which were mnanydead bodies, The heat was so intense that it was almost imposibleto rend.er any assist ance to those in the ruins."- Vanstavoren, the conductor of the down trali, unable t;a survive his culpability, omnmited suicide by tling - m, agi dose of arsenic, although somne of the p3pers repudiate this announcement -as a piece of Zossip, alleging that he dieadeither from the mental shock or from bodily injirie The other enagieer is in close custody.
LOYDOJ FJRIDAY, AUGUST 1, 1856. It woild probably be very difficult to suggest a legal origin for the exaction of the Sound Dues by iDenmark. The claim must be referred to those ages when men took because they had-the power, and paid because they could not resist. One can understand, where a strait runs between two- bankis both -the property of the same Government, that there smay be a right of sovereignty extending from land '.;o land over the interjacent water, and givinf to that portion of the sea the incidents of private property. Bult Denmark is not the owner of the r,ppo3ite side of the Sound, as Turkey is of the .Cpposite side of the Bo1phorus and the Dardafielles;. and we are therefore constrained to iier the claim cf Denmark to levy a 'lxed duty on all ships above, and a .maller one on al below, 40 tons, and an ad tvalorem duty of one per cent. on all goods cariied in such ships, to the same -venerable title .I was a 4er by the Earl WAnERNwm, who, wvhen asked for the titledeeds of his lbnd, drew his aword, sayingl.that WMhLhD. I[. lied not conquered England for-Uihitlf.; -This Utitle has many advan:fages, in siplcity and entire supersession of sll te3iouls-foiimA,lnd pechn;ikgXitjteq -; but it has this -apital defect,-that -it is -liable-to be-aperseded bytlie same means by ;which it was acquired.' We know upon high authority that a, stronD' man's tenure of his house is practically -linited to- the time 'when- a str'Aonr than he domneth, and that is exactly what seems likely to happen with regard to the Danish Sound Daes. -The nations of Europe have so often recognized this' impost by treaty, aind paid it for so many years, that it is too late for thein to raise the cry of illegality, or to go back to the origin of an impost the right to levy which they have repeatedly and solemnly ackinowledged. But Uncle SAxt is Very little troubled with any superstitious reverence for. prescription, -and possibly considers that as a Transatlantic Power he may dispense wvith consideration)s which weigh heavily on the older nations of Europe. At any rate, the United States have given Denmark notice that from and after the monith of June, 1857, it is not their intention to contribute anything more in the shape of Sound fDnes to the Danish Exchequer. :This places the matter in a very serious light, because, although the amount of revenue derived from the tax on American ships and cargoes is not as yet very considerable, it is quite clear that, should one nation succeed in emancipating herself from the claim, it woulld be extremely difficult to levy it on any other, and thus the decision of the dispute with America may possibly decide the fate 6f the whole impost altogether. Under the pressure of these circumstances Denmark has made overtures to the other States of Europe for a capitalization of the Dues-in other words, for a sale of them -to different nations on the basis of a certain number of years' purchase. This overture is understood to have been refused by Great Britain, and, instead of it, a proposition to have been made to levy the dues at the ports of arrival and departure, so as to avoid the delay and vexation of a toll levied after the fashion of a turnpike-gate, by stopping the ship in mid-career. There is a precedent for such a proceeding in the case of the Russia Company, which, under a grant from PHimnP and MIRY, levies a duty on all goods exported to and imported from Russia, and no doubt such a course does obviate a very considerable inconvenience, for the delay and concomitant expenses are a heavier ta- on British shipping than the Sound Due itself. The whole amount of Sound Dues collected from British ships is estimated at 70,0001. a-year, while the expenses and demurrage incurred svell this sum up to nearly 300,0001. a-year. Grievous and vexatious are the delays inflicted on the trade, especially considering tho capricious weather in that high latitude, the intricate nature of the channel, and the penalty to v'hich a single day's delay may expose the unluck-y mariner. The roadstead of Elsinore is very unsafe in spring and autumn, and from the delay accidents are frequent. Anchors are slipped, cables snapped, sbips run ashore, and sometimes lost, with all on board. Changes of wind often occur at the critical moment, and the channel offers no room for the usual means of making a foul wind into a fair one. Thus days, weeks, and even months are lost. Yor is this all. The captain must go ashore to get his clearance, and while he is away the sailors are apt to barter the tackle, apparel, store3, and even the cargo of the ship, with bumnboat-nen, who drive a nefarious traffic in intoxicating liquors. All these things form, it must be confessed, a very heavy and unfair impost upon commerce, -an impost not the less grievous because it is coloured with the pretence that the money is used to maintain buoys and beacons. The great defect of the proposed plan of settling the matter is, that while it relieves shippincg from the heavy expense of stopping in the middle of a voyage to pay a tax to a foreign State for which no consideration worth mentioning is given, it omits one most materiil element,-the certain and enormous increase of the dues. Nothing is more certain than that in a few years, should the present Emperor of RUSSIA Only in a slight degree redeem the anticipations that -have been formed of him, we may look forward to seeing our Baltic trade, and consequently our payment of Sound Dues, doubled. Every year that we may wait only increases the amount of the annuity we shall have to pay if we resolve to leave the payment on the same footing as now- of a duity on ships and an ad-valorem duty on goods, or the purchasemoney we shall have to pay if we buy up the tax altogether. We asswue that, while other nations continue to pay, England will never avail herself of her superior strength to refuse this tax to a nation to whom she is bound by so many friendly feelings, by the memory of so muchharsh treatment, andeserved byDenmar3i, and inflicted by England, tmud.er the spur of what she believed a stern necessity, on a nation to whom the loss, of this revenue wou-ld be so serious a blow, and whose independent existence is of the utmost consequence to the policy of England. Somehow or other, tlen, Denmark must be compensated for the loss of these dues; but we would suggest that this compensation should close the matter at once and for ever, and not, like tlhe plan of paying at the polts of clearance or discharge, leave the anmount to grow with the increase of trade till it might well happen that foreign nations might have the honour of defraying the whole expenses of goverun.'int and defence in the little kingdom of Denmark, whiclh is endowed with no corresponding power of self-augmentation. How this is to be done, except by paying a round sum to be quit of the - tax altogether, we cannot imagine; and we confess we see in such a scheme far more providence and wisdoa than in placing the impost on a less invidious footing by doing awvay with the stoppage irn transitu, and leaving it to grow to any dimens-ions, however oppressive.
The speech of ;Mr. PAGET, the newly-elected member for Nottingham, must be considered a satisfactory sign of the times. It is no smalI thing to find a Liberal and a Dissenter come forward as a political optimist, and to learn that his words were received with cneering by the people of a great manufacturing town. Yet the opinions and the feeling here expressed are, no doubt, those of the great body of Englishmen at the present day, though, as satisfaction is a quiet rather than an active and voluble state of mind, we learn ita existence rather by the cessation of violence and contentious oratory than by any actual admissions. The speaker took a sturvey of English progress within his own memory, congratulated his hearers on all that has been achieved since the first dawn of Liberal principles, 30 years since, and professed his devotion to the constitution under which such great changes had been effected. There are few who do not recognize that a different spirit has come over our countrymen of this generation, and that, as in science and matexial progress the sloth of a century is being atoned for by an almost preternatural activity, so the defects of English law, the inequalities of English conditions, and the ignorance of the English population are rapidly yielding to tnose good influences which, originating in evil times among a few highminded tninkers, are now everywhere appreciated and accepted. Thirty years since these islands and their acciefy were very different from what they are, now. We do not mean to chant a song of triumuh over mere material increase. WVhen a historian labours to show how much larger our provincial towns are than at the period of his narrative, and'tocon- 0 trast the-number of -tons of coals whichrenter-theI port, Of Londoni then ard-now;- we feel that 4o is lowering- himielf to a prevailing- passion-for_ depreciating the past, which isas- groundless if not as dangerous as the- fallacy 'of the good old "times."C We ha7e no wish to rnisrepresent the generation which conquered at Trafalgar and Waterloo, and produced a- body of orators and poets to whom we have nothing equal; nor would we dwell on the steamship, the railway, and the electric telegraphj in contrast to the mechanical appliances of their times. They sowed the seed which we now reap, and to the general rousing and quickening of the national miind at the-ir epoch are due most of the great works which have. distinguished our own age.- But still it is fair to claim for the present race of Englishmen due- credit for the boldness,' breadth of -view, -and consummate skilwith which the"y have- reformed the institu'tions under which they lived. Forty. years of peace have given them leisure for. the task, andL| they have not thrown awvay the opportunity. We may now, at a time vwhen reforms rather anticipate than follow the desires of the people, take our stand, as if on the eminence' which 'it has been the labour ' of so many years to attain, and cast a glance - on the heavy and up-hill road that has been traversed, the - obstacles that ! .have been surmnounted, the -dangers t'hat have been evaded, and the cheerful-prospect which we may discern before us. If in another direction we see other communities tossin'g on a sea of perils, we may, without taking any unkind and pagan pleasure in comnparing our lot with theirs, still learn to feel how much the [nation has escaped, and for what blessings it has to be thankful. No revolution ever effected more than the legislation of the, last 30 years. At the commenccment of this period an aristocratic party, victorious abroad and all-powerful at home, but still a prey to all sorts of doubts and fears, governed these kingdoms with what it' is no exaggeration to call injustice and cruelty. England suffered least; but even in England wanton and wholesale arrests, criminal informations on the smallest pretence, social persecution of all who opposed the dominant class, spread uneasiness and discontent through the whole community. Oppression and insult were met by bitter hatred. These were the days of ferocious libels, which spared neither the bodily defects, the private circumstances, nor the family affairs of an opponent. It was allowable invective to caU a man " a pimpled atheist," to insinuate that he was bought, or wished to be bought, by the supporters of the cause he upheld. The savage spirit of the Tories was one of the most unpleasing features of the party. " Nonsense! hang them all," was the response wbich the humane Rosmay met with a few years before whent he wished to mitigate the law which punished with death theft to the value of five shillings. If England was misgoverned, what are we to say of Scotland, where tyranny was enacted which will never come to light; and Ireland, where every circuit was a bloody one, and the slaughter of agents andc tithe proctors was avenged by the hanging in double rows of some 10, or 15, or inore victims at i the close of every assize? The code throughout the three kingdoms was barbarous to a degree hardly conceivable, and, though mitigated in practice, the mercy was so irregular and arbitrary as to take the character of injustice. If the judge prided himself on his rigour, wretches perished by the dozen ; if he was placable, a prisoner might hope to escape more easily than even at the present day. But the law seldom erred on the side of leniency. The prisoner was allowed counsel only to plead on law points, and those suggested by himself. On the facts of the case the trembling culprit, generaly ignorant-perhaps a woman, perhaps little more than a child-must address the Court in person. Those vwho know how long and how vehemently the defence by counsel was opposed, on the ground that it would take up the Court's time, may judge of the spirit which actuated the Toryism of the period and the difficulties which Reformers had to overcome. Procedure in civil causes was almost as fertile of injustice and suffering. Chancery suits lasted 50 years, and Lord ElDo?x had no tears for the ruin of suitors, no appeals to his conscience on the subject of orphans' blighted hopes, and whole families driven to poverty, despair, and madness. The common law cOUrts were so expensive as practically to deny justice to the poor; useless forms and fictions, the result of centuries of narrow ingenuity, encumbered every proceeding; special pleaders caught every suitor in the meshes of their perrnicious science, to be an adept in which was thought the chief qualification for the bench of justice. Arrest on inesne process was in general practice, and, though the prisons were full of starving paupers or swaggering drunken reprobates, yetfraud and swindling abounded on every side, and the losses of trade from such malpractices were beyond computation. A Dissenter could not be a magistrate or a member of a municipal corporation; while bishops lived for I years together far from their dioceses, and inipoverished their sees and their successors to enrich their own family with fines; while pluralists added preferment to preferment without shame, because their critics were only Dissenters and Radicals; while the church was content to be merely an Establishment, in the same sense as the Court of Exchequer or the Department of Customs. To avow liberal principles, to question the policy of the Government, to discuss the necessity of civil freedom and religious tolerance, much more to dissent from the dominant church and to criticize its imperfections, was to be "an infidel," "a deist," "an " atheist," a dangerous person, to be denounced, or at least quietly avoided. Even now we are sonlietimes struck with the manner in wlhich some old gentlemen, or some country families, will speak of the more advanced popular politicians of the day, and, if we draw them out, it is not difficult to discover that they look upon certain members pretty much in the same light as we regard IAnAT or Fouquu-Trxvmr. These antipathies, now confined,to the narrowest intellects, had 30 years ago a place in the minds of nearly all the men who governed England. Much religious display was made; while GEORGE IV. was scandalizing the world by his life his conscience would not permit him to relieve the Catholics, and his Royal brothers imitated him both in his freedom and his scrupulosity. But the Test and Corporation Acts have been repealed; the Reform Bil has weakened, if not overthrown, the government by oligarchy; every portion of the law has been revised, and, though stil far from perfect, it is no longer an abuse in the sight of all men; the national energies have been renewed by that hind of legislation, peculiar to our own age, which consists not in mnaking positive regulations, but in freeing man from the restrictions of past times and giving the individual scope and liberty. We have had cheap postage, cheap and Trapid locomotion, free trade in materials and in shipping, and to this is now added greater facility of commercial association. -The granid resiult and crown of this is the.content and the good feeling which marlk swciety; and which to a man whose life takes in the period we have been discussing must be a source o' astonishment and satisfiaction. We are often apt to lament and be irritable at the little progres- of a single session; but if we look, with Mr.- PAGET, atthe doings of - a terin which -is a 'nothing i;n-the life of a niatioJn, t'here is3 suficient consolation. . - . --
The're is nothing which astonishes those foreignera who extend their tours3in:England beyond the precineta of Leicester and Golden squares more than the indifference and ignorance . of Englishi people respecting foreign affairs'. Accustomed to believe in the ambitious and Machiavellian craftiness of England, her aspiratibns after external influenoe and extensive dominion, they ale astonished to find that Englishmen generally know and care little about' other nations, and ha-ve very din notion3 of their ow3i relations towards them. A'fact to us 0o well known, but so; little estimated abroad,' explains the little- sympathy and the' partial antagonism excited by XMr. LAYAD's address to - his constituents at Aylesbury last. week. To judge-from the present tone of the public' mind, and certain rare speeches of .:the parsi-: monious school, there has been no conflict, no danger to the liberties of Euiope, no hazard of future aggression; everything is going : on placidly. and hopefully; no need of alarm, vigilance,: or preparation.. It remains for the tax-collector's visits and the grocer's bills to remind us that wve have not yet done paying for a war. which was -very expensive for its.length,' anil which might have been expected to be much longer than it was. .But for this, the war itself night have been forgotten, as its objects certainly are by multitudes even of those who expressed great anwiety during its continuance, and great apprehensions touching its results. This is an evil feature in our social phenomena. We have lately bome our sincere and hearty testi-mony- to the virtue and efficacy of that FmrsA policy which, instead of hurrying a crowd of crude projects through the Legislature, allows a- suTficiency of time for their ventilation, analysis, .sifting, and discussion; which brings to bear ulpon each particular enactment the greatest possible amount of public interest, public attention, public sympathy and accordance; and which defers legislation rather than suppress debate. But it would seem that on the great and momentoas questions of peace and war-of the objects for which war was waged and the conditions on which peace was concluded -of the observance of those conditions, and the probability or improbability that future intervention may be necessary to secure the performance of those stipulations for which blood and treasure have so freely flowed,-on these question3s the mind of the people is asleep, their senses dull, their apprehension dead. On iany of the electors of Aylesbury Mr. LAYARD'S speech muist have fallen much in the same way as a dithyrambic of PRMAR or a parabasis of ArSTOPANi3S. But there were points in that speech to which the events of a few years hence may give a rmore -vivid colouring and a more striking significance than they bear at present. Of the anxiety displayed by tihe French people and Government to conclude the peace we need say little. The little we can say is less flattering to ourselves than to them. They, at any rate, had done their part of the worlk with unmixed vigour and effect. They had not, like their allies, any motive for desiring another campaign to repair their credit, or for setting one portion of a military clique to the task of whitewashing another. They are not so wealthy as we are, but they employed what money they had in a manner which a mercantile people might justly admire. They did the most they could, and gave over spending as soon as they could, and, having nothing further to expect in the way of ambition or indemnification, they took the first opportunity that presented itself for te.minating a war which began to draw upon their resources. This may suggest to the English people some wholesome reflections on the commercial value of a sound and strong military organization; and, if it does so, Mr. IAY-ku's remarks will not have been thrown away. With respect to the Russian observance of the treaty, the electors of Aylesbury and of all the boroughs throughout the kingdom will probably be equaily indifferent to it until the lapse of years shall have matured either the machinations of a perfidious policy or the opportunities of a seasonable aggression.; and then they wil all awake to conaemn the Government of the country for an indifference which was equally chargeable to themselves. Meanwhile, it is not pleasant to find that, profiting by the recent conclusion of the war, the Russians have already destroyed the fortresses of Kars, Reni, and Ismail, 7whir,h they -were bound to restore intact to the Turks. We shall, perhaps, next hear of their attempting to filch a property in, or control over, the navigation of the Danube beyond the limitations of the treaty. Our best guarantee against this is founded on the rival pretensions and competing interests of Austria; otherwise it would be difficult, as yet, to excite any interest on the part of the English people in a question which does, in fact, materially affect the commercial development of this country. But, indifferent as they may be to foreign politics, the electors of the kingdom are far from being generally indifferent to questions of social progress ; and there is one point of intersection between home and foreign politics which Mr. LAYARD opportunely noticed. If we have not assumed a sufficiently influential tone in recent important negotiations, it is because we had not realized either our olwn expectations or those of foreign States during the war; -we had lost, or wasted by mismanagement in a degree disproportionate to our preparations, our resources, and the courage w.hich our men displayed on the actual field of battle. And why was this? Because the high offices of the army, like the bigh offices of the State, are the inheritance of some twenty great families or the perquisites of their adherents. They are given by right of descent, favour, and connexion, not of merit or service. A man is placed on the staff of the army, invested with direct power or -with great indirect influence, not because he has studied the military profession as a successful lawyer has studied law, or as a successful physician has studied medicine, or as a merchant has studied commerce, but because he is son of Lord A, or nephew of General B, or- cousin of Mr. Secretary C. The -consequences are as natural as they are lamentable. An -army withers beneath their. unaenial command. The power, dignity, and honour of the empire are compromised because its soldiers are led by men who think it low-or, at any rate, quite superfluous-to study subjects with which every General and every subaltern in foreign armies are familiar. The same thing in civil. departments. The great offices of State aro held to be the legitimate properties of certain great families. No one pretends that the holders of them aro the most capable men of business, the most accomplished nmanciers, or the most eloqueent debaters that the country can produce. It is notorious that in some departments the ablest minutes bearing the signature of the chief are the work of some gifted clerkl, hardly known beyond the small official world. LI England is so served,the coloniesareserved worse. Anythinw is good enough for them. Service, experience, exposure to clImate and disease, isolation from the comforts and amenities of home, exile encumbered by the miost repulsive burdens of official life--such things are no recommendation,- and gain no reward forthesubordinate who has faithfully discharged his duties in any remote dependency of the Cnowrr; and who must continue still to labour on,- only too thankful-if he be not-doomed to unart under, tfe oapriciouk injustice of: petty autrity or..Or to Ihumour the abeurd .crotdhets of aMbitious ignorance. s.,,%, Yet whbsehfa'ult is this? Surly the fault of the eoniiti 6unoie~s,_. Tlieiv re responsible for the omuination of such men to high places. fLth6y do not feel the evil theyneead not trouble themselves about - a remedy; but, if they- do feel-it, they cannot. be too thanIful to men :who have boldly and unsparingly denounced the, system to wlich it is attr.ibutable, :^' .
COURT CIRCULAR. ROYAL PAVILION, ALT RSHOTT, Jury 3L The Queen reviewed the troops at Aldershott Camp, under the command of Lieutenant-General Enollys, yesterday afternoon. Her Majesty left tne Pavilion on horseback at 4 o'clock accompanied by the Prince Consort and the Dfuke of Cambridge. The Princess Royal, Princess Alice, and Prince Arthur followed in a pony carriage and four. Lady Churchill, the Ron. Eleanor Stanley, and the Equerries in Waiting attended Her Majesty and his Roval Highness. The Adjutant-General and QuartermasterGeneral of the Forces -were also in attendance. After the conclusion of the review the Queen returned to the Pavllion at S o'clock. The Duk-e of Cambridge dined with Her Majesty in the evening, when the foliowing officers had the honour of heing invited:-Lieutenant-General Knollys, BrigadierGeneral Lawrence, C.B.; Colonel Key, 15th Hussars; Lieutenan'-Colonel Williams, 4th Regiment; -LieutenantColonel Eveleigh, 20th. Regiment ; Lieuteant-Colonel Bunbury, 0.11., .23dFusileers ; Lieutene.nt-Coloncl Staveley, C.B., 44th Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Stratton, C.B., 77th Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Hame, C.B., 95th Regiment; iddutenant-ColoriGl Caineron, 42d HighlandersLieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, C.B., 88th Regiment; Lieutenant-ColonelJohnstone, C.B., 33d Regiment; and Lieutenant-Colonel Racdonnell, C.B., 2d Battalon Rifle Brigade. This morning, at half-past 9 'clock, the Queen drove round the camp and inspected the various regiments just returned from the Crime,a, the most' distinguished officers and men of which, with clasp3 and medals, were poinxted out to Her ldaJesty. The Prince Consort accompanied the Queen on horse- The Piness Royal, Princess Alice, and Prince Arthur were also present.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of half-notes for G60. for income-tax short paid. MR. JAMES SADLuEr.-Copies of informations and warrants against Mr. Jameg Sadleir, ML, and of the bils of indictment found against him, have been printed by orderof the House of Coonsons, on the motion of Mr. Roebuck. Thzere is a copy of a Bench warrant issued by the Lords Justices of Assize at Clonmiel on the 18th of July for the apprehension of M1r. Sadleir for conspiracy to defraud the English shareholders and depositors of the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank of large sums of their moneys. A true bill of indictment has been foLnd againt Sadleir by the Grand Jury of Clonmel, and there is also a warrant out against him signed by 3Mr. H. W. Thompson, Justice of the Peace in thle South Ridin' of Tipperary. A copy of the informationx of WiDliam elleIy, sworn to on the 4th of July, is appended, as also that of Mr. Austin FerrdlL ¶L'ni; AscIuxCA> DIALS.-The Canada sails on Saturday for Halifax anld Boston. The letter-box at the Liverpool post closes at 8, with late fees at 9, and on the landing-stage at 10 am. The sesrch for the treasure on board the British frigate Hussar, sunk at Hurl-ate during the revolutionary war, is going on actively, 'but with little success. The ship's armament and furniture are aU that have been recovered thus far.-Ncw YerkAtinvr. SuBansamn RELTCs.-The schooner South Shore, Captain Edward Otis, arrivedantthis port from Cape Ereton last night. having on board many mnemorable implements of wvar and other _rticles buried in the deep at the capture of Loasb by the English in 1745. At that timefive French armed vessels were sun, and since several attempts, snore or less successful,have been made to recover ordnance balls, &c., which were then engulfed. The crew of the South Shore have been quite fortunate in this particular on their late cruise. They obtained 18 iron cannon, some of them of large calibre, and one reaching the weight of 9,20D pounds. The ordnance, remaining in the water for more than a century, is covered: with rust, and Ias no le,ihle marks to stamp it as once belonging to Louis XV. Besides the cannon, a variety of shot of different sizes, iron knees, pieces of cable, rope-yarn, and mementoes of the French defeat, of divers shapes, were also secured, all possessing a peculiar interest, as recalling that interesting ante-revoluonary era when our fathers acquiredtbe discipline which enabled them subsequently to cast off British thraldom. The value of the znatesial raised from the French ,vreck:s is estimated at $2,500. The company, consisting of five men, have been absent only two months and a half, an d, as they chartered the South Shore on their own account, wv.i reap a profitable reward for their toils. This is the second trip thsy have made to thescencof theFrench disaster, as theyvisited the spot last summer. but their success, in thfe pecuniary view, was not so decide d then as it has been the present season.- Boston 'asnscript, Julyl2. TWo IrvsE Lost n'xAn BTAc P isS-nRnDGE.- Last night about 9 o'clock several lads were bathing in the river Thames, when aboy, w,hose name could not be ascertained, was seen to sink after the passing of one of the Westminster steamboats. His brother, who was also present, at once jumped into -the water for the pupose of rescuing him, when he seisedhold of thehand of his brother, but, being unable to paUl him out, the two pDor fellows wvere drifred down the Tisanses, and both rere drowned. The lifeboat belonging to t-he Blaclefriars-bridge steamboat pier was immediately serit to t;he spot, and the drags were put into requisition, but up to 10 o'clock neither body had been recovered. MELAcNoHY Evr -A fatal and lamentable event occurred at the Benllhyddin-HydropathicEstablishment, Ikley, Yorkshire. at an early hour or Tuesday morning last. A maiden lady; nimed Allen, aged 63 years, fror Scotland, who had been stayisg at the institution for about six weeks, was found bythe night watchman, about 5 o'clock on Tuesday mnoiring, lying dead in a pool of blood outside the building. The body, which was not quite cold, was in a nightdress; and it seems that the unfortunate lady had got out of bed, probably in a state of somnambulanc- or perfcct consciousness, and had fallen out of the window, which was a great height from the ground, being in the third story of the hulding.. A niece of the deceased lady silept in a bed in the adjoinng room, but she heard no noise during the ninht. rrO xs'-:asn.S-1A .The following Sre this names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of 3 medicine, and received eertficates to practise, On Wednesday, JJuly.30 ;L-Charles Linton Alexander, Brunswick-street, Dover-road; Alfred tobert Waylen, Western Australia; Williamn Sutton, Halstead; Samuel Henry Green, 3Manchester; Charles Holdrich Fciher, Bungay, Suffolk-; William Henry Beanie Bennett, St. John's, Newfoundland; - Charlea Jewel EVaUS, St. Neot's, Huntingdonsbire; Thomas Graham, Sydn-ey; Wil1iam Adams, Ottoman Arny; -Thomas iDeane HIargrave, Dublin; Thomuas Carthew Gillet, Truro, Cornwall Hugh. SpencerIECoghes, Bangor, North Wales; and Jonathan flackesoae, lfewcastle-upou-TJne.
TE- AiMMREVI-SITEDI E - _ 1 . r- - C I - . - , , _ (EEOM O1uIR &SPEMA CORBESBOh-DENT.) I hi-e now -gone' twice -t the Alma,and ve examined the' 'grund. of !the' bitt1e witlit he ignorance of a civilian andathe intetobf aOat Briton. The: roadj from the plateau 6on-which f! one long year the hopes -and fears and- anxietiox o£-, civilized Europe. were- concentrated leads dowiu n- from the ridge on which the battle of Inkerman' was mainly-fought t6 the de,ep'ravine out 6o which, the materiaLs for the -msnaiipnis,' qua1, -our,i docks,'- and forts -of Sebastopol have, ben bhec At presents& wilda and :desolate aspect. The slabs' of oolite tower perpendicdilarly for several hundredl feet ontthe right hand&'and the left to the verge of: the elevatedplateau; and" rise, like great wliital walls of masonry, aloft from a base of huge- bl;and disintegrated masses -of the same-. subAtAnoe. This ravine,. deepening -as it descends, falls at right pnles -to the valley throughwhich, the Tchern'aya eats. its way to the ehead of the .Eads of seas. topol. At the lowei end of the ravine the aqueduct sas it, and then is: carried on a light and hanclsome . bridge of masonry, supported on some' 10 or 12' arches right across, and clisappjears in a tunnneE through the solid rock on the left hand side. Pas3ing_ underneaththroughoneofthea12ches,youindyouiself. bythe banus of the sluggishTchernayaj anda rideofo0D yards or so past the perpendiculat cliffs, per-: forated with caves, which bound the margin of- the valley, leads you to the causaway across the marsmh towards Inkermann. An' excellent wooden bridge built by our engineers stretches across the river and the marshbeyond is crossed by a high causeway.. Anved at the end of£the causeway, the cliffis.ofnorthern Inkermaun are above yon, and.l the road winds up to a ravine which leads you to their .re-- cesses. A curious chapel and monkery in the cavesis visible'in the face. of the, cliDE Embrasures. are above, before, and- on each side of you on entering these fastuesses. The black. pupils of these dull eyes have been removed, but there is enough of the workis left to showr ho v hot -and frequent they could have flashed on you in theiranger.~ There are five batteries on variouls points of this. ravine, and the slopes of the plateau afford rany fine sites for field artillery or guns of position The road is good. On the right, abouta mile from the entrance of the ravine, are numerous deep shafts inthe clay, from which the Russians draw their supply of water. The road 'winds gradnally upwarda til it leads you to the level of the north plateau of TIkermann, just as the Quarries road t4ok you down' from the south plateau to the level of the valley of he Tchernaya, from wrhich you are now ascending. e.e is the Rtussian camp, at which we have so oftenzgazed from the heights on the right of our position. It it ow very much altered in appearance. The huts have been abandoned, and the men are living in a very pretty, clean, and 'well-keptcamp of canvas,-, but the purlieus are very dirty and have the nsaal disagreeable smell of Bussian quarters. The tents-are square in shape, and at the top, which tapers to a point from the side of the. wall, there is a knob, gilt or painted, 'which gives them an air of finish. The paths or streets of the camp are bordered with wild flowers and fir branches. The regiments sthtioned here belong to the Seventh Division, which forms the First Divi-; sion of the third corys d,'arm6e, and are as well as I could ascertain the 13th (Smolensko) and 14th (Politsch), and number about 6,000 men. There is a brigade of fielad artillery-two batteries-close to this camp, and the pieces are very 'well kept an min excellent condition. 'The can'onments extend as far as the heights over the valley of the Belbek on the left hand side, and could have contained about 18,000 men, 'which considerably exceeds the strength of the whole of the Seventh Division. A steep road descending from the verge of the plateau at the point 'where the Russian bazaar is established leads to the Belbekl, which is crossed bytwo bridges. One of these is a fine, 'well-built new structureofwood; the other is thatby which the army crossed in the flaukmarch, and the post-house near w-hich Sir George Cathcart took up his quarters stilI remainsintact. TheFourthDivisionbivouackedhere the night before we entered Ba&alaava, when LordBaglan slept at Traktir, on the Tqchernaya, and Sin George wvas very uneasy on account of his isolated position, separated, as he 'was, from the rest of the army, and believing that a- body of Russians interveLied between themr. Itwas from this that General Windham rode with-despatches to the Katcha, anticipating Commander Maxse's arrival from theTchernaya by more thanhalf anhour, and fromthis neighbourhood the army turned towards Mackenzie. Lord Raglan reconnoitred Sebastopol from a hillock close to the road on the right, a short time before we fell in with the rear guard and baggage of the enemy. Davarl;oi, or Belbek, is greatly changed since I hen,-the trees have been cut down, and the valley, once so beautiful, blooms no more. The villas have been.used as hospitals, and there are many Russian graves, marked with black 'wooden crosses, in the neighbouring ravines. From this valley you ascend another steep hill to the top of the plateai 'which lies between it and the valley of the Eatcha. The-ground is covered with dwarf trees and thick brushwood,full of lizards and small birds, whic are persecuted by numerous falcons and hawks. There are patches of naked ground and ashes scat-' tered over the plateau, which show 'where parties of the enemy were encamped ;but the country is not suited for large bodies of men, as water is not to be had, eXcept at the rivcrs. The plateaa is intersected by numerous 'woody ravines, and the '1jracks followed by the allied armies are plainly visible. They have been much: used by the Russians. A ride of three-quarters of an hour takes Us to the valley of the Katcha, still beautiful, and rich wvith verdure, for this part of it is too far from the immediate operations of 'war, and too much out of the track from iBakhiserni, to have suffered much. The place whEich we approach 'was onc the village of EskelE it is new in ruins. The Tartar houses are pulled down or unroofed, the population have fed, and the Russian houses are just as they were 1sf t'by the Cossacks on our approach after the Alma. The church gleams brightly through the dense branches of the fruit trees, which are covered -with blossoms, but the large tracts of vineyards which welcomeed us nearly three years ago are now uncultivated. The Doctor's house is in a sadplight, one of the first we entered after the Alma, and is still the pictureof neglect and ruin. Lord Raglan's comfortable residence is inthe custody of au old Tartar, 'who shows the broken furniture, the sofas ripped open, the chairs smashed, and the beds cue up, with great pride, and leads one to infer pretty plainly that Ruskie did all the mischief. It -was at this village that the Russians halted to recover breath after their headlong Bigh from athe Alma, and from it they fled the same night in panic on the cry being raised that the allies were coming. The Katcha is a deep narrow shteam with rotten banks, and some people think it would have afforded a better position than the Alma ; but, in fact, it is too near SebastopoL We found a few Russian soldiers in the houses; and on the first occasion it happened to be the Greel Easter Sunday,. and we were most hospitably entertainad by a poor Russian family, who insisted on our partaking ofpainted ezgs, of salt pork steeped in vinegar, and cabbage, of brown bread, butter, vodka or 'white home-made brancly, and Crim tobacco, and then on embracing us because we were Christiansa severe punishment, which, if often repeated, might lead torecantation. Crossing the Katchabythebridge over which our army filed, into kel. 'lg feiv ourselves on the steppe-the dry barren en pai studded 'witllh tumuli, which extends in wavy folds right away to Peraeeop. At this season of the Year it is glorious, with large beds of wild flowe v4, sweet Pea, roses, mignionette, thyme, orchids of all kinds, sweet william, and many other varietiess whose tame and developed species are the ornaments Of Our gardens at home; it is nusicaZ , too tooithtthe song of birds singing to theirrmatea in i the mest; buUt in Septeerbe it s a an arid scorched-waste, covered with coarse liy, and, as it is devoid of water, it is unfit forpastlmge. The ride to-the Ahna from the Katch a Is notmi mre than eight miles, but it s eems twioe the 'diatae ThTe white telegraph station, over the river, . vvi aS stood o en the Russian left, cn, be aeii.j f oe many miles on a clear day, but on the -pie miimge is-very common, and the horizn-iszanly well-dwefined. It is oft£en lost in a fannticic resen'bling the'sea line of neo agitated o ean tards, on the qii -tive about their young o net s,o slow4ly before us, and eages, vultures4, ar.h y
LIFE ASsuANRCE.-In the reporb of the London LIfe Assurance Society the name of the seconder of Mr. Baxtee's amendment should have beesn r. " Cory," and not A lURDXRER'S COFmw.-The Swcrame=fo Union says,-"The cofn of Cora : who was erecud at San Fran. clam by the Vigilance Committee, was of solid mnahogany ind lined.with rich white satin. The sides were covered man as mrrid a ew mmens heorehis death."
fZ'Hi ?RXDMOXYTFqR, QUESTION STATED.. he u following 'letter by-Signor Nbzzini has been Iiorwardedto usfor publication:- - - "To DANjun MAI4. TI do no's blame' you for your sudden affection for thg HZouse of Saroy. If to you-but yesterday a Republicanthoruwe of s3 line bo welcomne, so be it; it is better to say so than to conceal it, If for the noble Republican trafditions of our people you desire to subsite the traditions of a family whose history is a continual vibration between the invasions Of-two foreign Powers-if to the united, free, and logicalexpression of the national conscience, you prefer that- artificial development whicb goes by the name OE constihtional monarchy-if you prefer a people impera featly represented, and an ristocracycroated (for aristocracy properly so called does not exist in Italy), systematically to keep it in check-a sovereign who.does not govern, but of a fatal necessity osaillatea betrwen. the* two, the country must be the judge of your intellectual capacity. You havo a right to preach the Anglo-political conception, which you desireto transplant iuto Italy. I am not the partisan of any reigning housae: my house is the nation; my lovo is for the common contnry; my faith is in the strqggles and blood of er.people; my notior of right is; based -upon the progressive life of the nation, guidea by its noblest in wisdom and virtue. It does not irritate me to seo others dissent from mu; nordo I fear that discussion wril be injurious to my Republican faith.. The country watches over, and mnst arbitrate between us. Mly trust is in her. "What I do blamo in you is the manner and the time of your programmnie. Before any movement has takenplace you endeavour to convert into a formuia of political agitation an idea which- can only bo the conclusion of the movement itself. You betray absoluto and fatal forgetfulness of the first part of the programmethe insurrection. You irritate the Republican party, and alienate it from the cominon ground wre have so often indicated, by dictatorially commnanding it to cast down itsbannerat the feet of a King. You seduce the eager youth of our country by hopes in the secret intentions of tho Piedmontese Government, whena no intentions really exist save those of acq-airing a little popalarity, in order to prepare the way to take the leadership of any possible national movement, and divert it from ita real aim. You say the revolution is at hand, as if Italy were to receive it ready made from the motu proprio of a Cabinet, iistead of saying to the Italians-Make your own revolution and eiist. You say that Rome must not rise, instead of saying-Let every corner of the country rise; you declaring that national unity has- made a step in advance, because a AMinister of the House of Savoy has endeavoured to teach our masters how to prevent the unifying revolution. Youallow me the harsh but true expression-make yourself and (were it possible) the party ridiculous by proclaimian from your exile, before a single man among us is up and ready for battle, that a King is the uniter of Italy-a King who neither endeavours, nor wishes, nor is able to unite, her; whose courtiers repudiate your words, and vhose Ministers persecute, imprison, and transport to America all who attempt to recomirence war with the foreigner who dismembers our country. "Whom do you seek to benefit by your premature, in. cautious proclamation?. "The King whom now you serve? ` No. The crown of a people that arises is not given; it must be won. To desire it before deserving it, is to lose it. If Charles Albert, instead of shutting himself up in a quad. rilateral, had gone to the mountain and prevented the enemyfrom receiving reinforcements; if, instead of stopping short within the pale of the Gormanic Confederation, bo had encamped in the Tyrol; if, instead of mnaking veniceyour Venice, Maniin-epiate the crime of her Republican banner, he had protected it, and guarded the passes of the Friuline and Cadorican Alps-if he had not entered into compacts with the English Government about the inviola. bility of Trieste-if had not rejected the aid of the valiant and willing people, and, instead of disbauding the volun. teers, had caUed upon all the citizens to support the regular troops in the war of liberation-if he had, in short, either wiled or known how to conquer, no party could have with. held from him the crown of Italy. "< The iU-considered fusion '-effected precisely when the enterprise was going ito ruin-destroyed him and the country together. Tell your King to attack and conquer; that is the only means by wnich he can hope to wear that crown which youi have decreed to him, while he is-by virtue of the treaties-the ally of the foreigner who occupies two-thirds of Italy. "Or do you seek to benefit tho country? The country, Mania, lies even yet inert and unmindful of its duties beneath the halter and the rod. She must be taught to have faith in herself by seeing that we have faith in her. The people must be taught unity of will by seeing harmony among the men whom, right or wrong, they regard as leaders; energy of will, by persistence in the utterance of resolute and immutable truths. They must be given a definite aim, and shown the logical means to be taken, and the duties to be fulfilled, in order to reach it. The illusions which have betrayed them must be inexorably destroyed, and they must be elevated by a knowledgo of the omnipoterne they possess, but forget. Above all things, they must bo taught the conscioueness of themselves, of their own dignity, and the eternal right incarmat within them- - the traditions of their fathers, and the high mission to which they aro called in the future. You only say to them, 'Agitate your chains, and choose a King.' "In the face of those who say to them, 'Break your chains, and be King of yourself,' you endeavour to make them imagine, in the name of Victor Emanuel, a hidden rower t hat is to emancipate and unite them. Your timid counsels would despair of overcoming the foreign troops that occupy their own tomae. By the negation of the Rlepulblican dogma you declare them, on the one hand, incapable of self-guidance, and, on the other, you proclaim that-thanks t, the cares of a Piedmontese King and foreign Cabinetsthey have already reached the goal. This, Mania, is the way to hIll, not to awaken the people. Italy expected very different language from you. " It is time to speak the truth to Italy without hesitation. Men who continuney sacrifico their convictions to the cal. coulations of present expediency-men who await the solving of the Italian problem from abroad, and not fror the country itself, can {ill gaide it. Men who, after having cursed the delusions of '48, call upon Italy to retrace that path of sorrow and shame, more than misdirect it; men who have seen the people victorious upon 10 different points of Italy, 'while the regular army, ir-led and betrayed, sue. cumbed, and yet declare that the People cannot conquer without the regular army, are incoherent; men who believe that by a few doubtful declarations and by false adulation we may win over the regular army and the Government that directs it; men who whisper that, at the price of apostacy, wo may have a Piedmontese initiative; men who, after there has been so much bragging of volcanoes ready to ex. plode, do not cry with one voice to the country, ' Take shame to thyself and arise l'-thesa men, either consciously or unconsciously-from a want of head or of heart-aro unfaithful to the cause of the nation, and the nation ought to reject their counsels, whatever name they bear. " That army for which you are ready to forget the entire nation we shall have vwith us. It is an Italian army; it is brave; it does not forget; and it feels as we feel it, the hatred of the foreigner. But we shall only have ib by rising armed ourselves, to invoke the aid of its arms. That King whom you now flatter, as formerly you flattered his father, to curse him afterwards-you mnay have him. God send you do not live to repent it. "But the King, you make him yours whenever you wilL "Re is young and brave. The shame of lovnra and the insults of Austria must from time to time gleam before his eyes; and it is possible that he may ono day be moved to strong thoughts, and drive from him the cowardly men of the Cabinet who now surronnd him. From being a Piedmontese he may become an Italian, but not until you have arisen and offered him by action an ally more powerful than diplomacy -not before the voice of an awaakened people shaU cry unto him-'Stan dor fall with us.' Kings sometimes follow, they never initiate. Whoever seeks to lead the people after theiphantomofaraonarohicaliniffiative eitherdeceivesthem or has lost his own wits. "The traditions of the Piedmontese Government are Royal. The monarchy is restrained by oid and new treaties with other monarchies, and by the long established laws of European order and territorial arrangement. Can the J?edmontese Government break throughthemall at one, unprovoked and unconstrained, by force of facts arising from a new order of things? All the policy of the men of the Sardinian Cabinet is based on the hope of the sympathy, and, if necessary, the support of the English and French Cabinets. Can the Sardinian Cabinet bring down upon itself the anger of these two allies whose language, ofieil and secret, imposes apon it solely a policy of resistance ? Every idea ofterritorial alterationswas solemnly andunani. monsly repudiated in the Paris Conferences, tho living right of Italy thrilling in Venetian Lombardy was not even humbly and indirectly alluded to by the Sa3dinian Pleni- potentiaries. Recognizing the leglity of the asauas quo, they contented themselves with hinting at a possible theory of non-initervention, which should prevent Austria extending her present boundarieg. And do you imagino that King Victor Emmanuel will sud. denly talke the field, pass the Ticino and th sMgra, command vatious other sovereigns of Italy to give place, and, fronting excommunication and the anus of hiisimperial ally, desire the Pope to yield up his temporal sovereignty I Do you imagine that, making himself a leader of insurrec. 2 T0ofwdoin of of Kfm. ._tion. and ovethrower -of territorial equilibrioti and-the, iights of governmental Europe,; be will throw down the V gauntlet,to,theentirel esg of the.Xings? You, were,.you Ring, would not do it. Were I king, Iwould desend from. iny throno, and, making of myslf a simple cit0zen freeed from every liik or tond with Europeans monarchy, I would say to the soldiers and the citizens-' Follow me.'; Do you, hope either the one or the other course from Victor Enmanelf . i~ ['~ ;. "You, then, whose belief .it appears to be that a nation cannot create itself or exist without a Kng o canno, have-this Wing youi want if you do not open the ray for him; by an insurreetion of the people. Insurre"tien is for you, ns well ns for us, the only solution ol the Italian problem' For you, as well as for as, the initiat ..e must be. with the peoplo; the Aronaero Unification canl only follow, and, the Piedmontese army can but respond tg the call of its brothers. Why, then, do you not unito with us io aid, promote, and preach the insurrection? Why, instead-of decreeing-you, an exile-to an enslaved country a King, now allied w.ith the allies of Austria, do you not exert yourself with us to arouse the slambering. to encourage the uir.- certain, to get together material help for them who arewilling to act, and to speak with Us -the words that may kindle th#war with Austria which alone can give to your King an opportunity to unsheath his sword and display those generousintentions mysteriouslywliisperedinthe ears of the credulous by the men of the Conrt? By. inveiting the logical order of the facts which caa and ought to constitute and develope our regeneration, you men. who call your. selves 'positive' and 'practicOal' do much miseclef to the people bydismembering that national party which should be their guide, by deserting the only common ground upon which all our forces might and could be united. You. do -mischlef to the King by makdng hin appear to Europe as the secret promoter-of agitations hostile to the Government, and drawing upon him the admonitions aud menaces of those very Cabinets which (however disposed to hail a powerful fact once accomplished) desire to prevent him from rising, and constrain him to bind himself anew towards the European Governments with promnses of peace, order, and inmmobility, if not even of repression. You ar at once imprudent friends and luilewarm and uncertn patriots. "Wh6 y persist in tnis path? Why do sot all mesi who love their country bind themselves in a,common bond of thought and action to shou to Italy that the moment fcz rising has come, and to help her to seize it with-rapidity and power? Do they pause alarmed at Republican; exclusive. sm? "No ! yon will not utter these words, Manin; you, of all men, could not speak them without a blush. The history of all the attempts madeby me to unite all of us upon a common ground, which is not my ground, and to aid the generous tendencies of a people which is better than we literati are, is mown to you. But, leaving aslde the efforts of an individual, the unanimous cry of all the Republicans in Italy, consolidated by undeniable facts, would repel the accusation. c'Let the nation save the nation; let the ntion, once free and united, decide upon its own destiny. I Es this an exclusive programme? Can a national party exist without sueh a formula ? Cannot, ought not, all those who seek a common country, to whatever fraction they belong, -to embrace each other and unite beneath the slhelter of that flag? Does not the future remain open to each ? " We, Republicans to-day, as we were Republicans yes. terday, do not seek to impose the Republic. We declare the country the sole umpire. You, Republicans yesterday, seek to-day to impose the monarchy. Which of us is exclusive "JOSEPH MAZZINI. " June 31."
UNIVERSITY COLLEGE. LOAON. Yesterday, at half-past 3 o'clock, the prizes for the prosent year were distributed to the successful students in the faculty of medicine at this collegiate intitution, situate in Gower-street, Bedford-square; and additional interest was lent to the ceremony by the presenco of Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, who presided on the occasion. There was an unusually large attendance in the theatre, where the pro ceedings took place, and when the hero oP Kars entered' accompanied by Earl Fortesee, President of the Senat' and the members of the council, he was received -with enthusiastic cheers. Among the gentlemen occupying seats on tho platform were-Earl Fortescue, the Baron do GoldAmid, Mr. George Grote, the historian of Greece, Dr. Boott, Mtr. John Taylor, Mr. F. J. Wood, and MIr. Robert lsutton; and the Professors present were-Mr. G. V. Ellis, Dean of Faculty, Dr. Sharpey. Mr. WVilliamson, Dr. Grant7 Dr. Walsho, Dr. Jenner, Dr. Carpenter, Dr. Mfurphy, nnd Dr. Garrod, with Mr. Atkinson, the secretary oi the college. After the transaction of some preliminary business, in course of which it was stated incidentally tat Dr. Sandwith, whose nameo is irseparably identifieod with, the siege of 3Kars, was formerly a student at this hospital, the chairmnan distributed the prizes as follows, accompanying the presentation of each wvith expressions of a complimentary and encouraging kind . ASSTOATy (Professor G. T. llis.)-Senlor Class, gold medal, A. J Babmanno Squire; Iat silver medal. Philip S. Jones ; 2d silver medal, George E. Jeaifreson; Junior C5ass, slver muedal, Richard Villiam Gasarnlm. .ArcAroav AmD PnTsboLov (Proesser ShapyM.D.1-Goldmedal Michael Fo3ter; lt sLIver medal, Alfrd Woedforde; 2d eil-ermedal 'hoemas lHolvduis. CmnnbrstY (Profe-sor 'Wamllinson, P..Sj-old medal, Albert Buchanan; 1st silTer medal, Samuel R. Adan; 2d silver medal, Felix H. Kempater. B3irkbeck Labsxatory Students-Gold medal, Michael Poster; 1st slver medal, Henry Henwood; 24 silver medal, Levvis lIutehing. Comi,Arrvz A?csAorcY (Professor Grant, LLD.)-Gold medal, SydneyRinger. Sonosty (Professor Erich5en).-Gold medal, }dvard Wynne Thomas; 1st silver modal, William T. Fox; 2d esiver medal, Thomas fason. - MD1cn=n (tProfessor Walshe. 3.D.) -Gold medal, Jams G. Blake; 1st siver medal, Michael £astanrda; 2d silver medal, Joseph R, Gsquet. Bor,,;T (Profesor 1indley, PhMD.),-Goldmedal, SamuellH.Adiuna sEver medal, Uichael Foster. P.&THoLooicAm AiS.TOrY (Professor Dr. Jennel).-Gold medal William T. Fox; silver medal, Hery James AlfordL Mr-scAse JtussnrcunDsccE (Professor CQrenter, ?LD.J.-Gold medal, Charles Hayes Marriott. PAcrsaL CiyrfV Y (Professor WilliaDson).-Gold mnedl. Victor Bazire. MiwmsE'ay (ProfssorMurpey, hLD.l.-Gold medal, SydneyRiager; let silver modal, Geesne Hare Philipson; 2d sliver medal, C. IL Marriott. MArras SDnIcAk (Professer Garrod, M.D.l.-Gold medal, Victor Bazlre; 1st silver medal, Robest Purme; 2d silver medal, William Edward Alen. yOjMWvs3 Ctam-rCAM MmAa (Professor Jeuner for P?rofessor lharkes).-IWmter-Gold mcdal, James Gibbs Blake salver, J. C- Thorowgoond Summer, Robert Lamb. GoLbs5Dm Piuza (;25), for Experimeutal Resesrch in Analytical Clsymistry.-Prizemau, P.obert Williamson, General WTT- IAss, at the conclusion of the ceremony, said his reason for taking the chadr on this occasion was that he should be enabled to say a few words to his young friends around him, as well those who had received prizes as those wyho had not, in reference to one of their fellovwstudents, Dr. Sandwith cheers), who accompanied him during the whole of the recent struggle in Asia Minor, whose zeal and virtues he hoped they would emulate, and when they arrived at his age he trusted they would be held in the same estimation by the British public. It had been hinted that he (Greneral Williams) might bear some testimony to the value and efficacy of the medical profession, from his experience as a soldier in a remote region, and undergcircumstances with which, he did not doubt, they were all more or less familiar. When he went into Armenia he found the poor Tarkish soldiers, amounting to some 400 or 600, stretched on straw, in the most wretched state of filth and degradation, and without comfort or consolation of any kind during sickness or while suffering from wounds received in battle; but Dr. Sandw4it7, notwithstanding that he himself was suffering at the time under a most severe illness, by his zeal and ingenuity completely changed the condition of tho hospitals, and when he (General Williams) left he saw the poor invalid soldiers laid upon clean beds, in. steadof straw,andsurrotndedbyeverycomfortthathumanity or medical sld-ll could dictate; and, instead of lying on the field of battle after being wounded, by the same tact and consideration on the part of Dr. Sandwith, ambulances and aules were provided, and every other thing necessary for the accommodation and comfort of the wounded soldier. (Cheersm) He (General Williams) would hold that gentleman up tohis young friends around him as a pattern, and hoped most sincerely that they would imitate his exameple. There was another very distinguished member of this hospitalwith the army in the East, Dr. Parkes, and, although he -was not personally known to that gentleman, he lead heard from various sources of his great worth from thosa who had witnessed his efforts, and who esteemed him for his virtues as a medical man. (Cheers.1 He (General Williams) begged to offerhis very sincere congratulations to the youngr men to 'whom he had that day distributed medals, which ho trusted would operate as an additional incitement to erertion in attaining skill and Imowledgo in their profession, and be regarded by them as the foundation of their future fane. Those, on the other hand, who had been msnsucceasful he counselledto persevere, in the hope that on a fature occasion they would be among the com-etitors who. bre away the rewards of merit. With iegard.to the conduct of the students at this establishment, it gave him pleasure to observe that there was not on record one single instance of insubordination, breach of discipline, or Vice. (Hear, hear.) That must be a. source of comfort and consolation to the parents and friends who hacldsent them there to be educated, in many instances at eat anxietyTandexense, and he was sure every one who heard him would join with him in offering to those friends hiS congratulations on a circumstance so creditable. He would only add that he hoped this institution would continue to flourish as it had hitherto done, and he would remmnd his young friends, just entering upon the active duties of lfe, that a moral death from degradation or from unworthy or immora7 conduc was ten thousand times more dejalorable than death on the field of battle, where a man, laI down his Efe in the service of his country. (Cheers.), ; Lord Eostrcacusc, in moving a vote of thasnha to the Chairan, euleglsed, in passinz, the modesty of Dr. Sandwith, m thbt while relating in bis interestin7g book on the siege of Ka.rs 'the conanicuous gallantry of every one who distinguished baimself o^n that memorabl7e occasion he nzever once referred to his owrn.- The motion was carried by acclamation,' and, General WrUrA.S having acknowledged the cohpliment, the cone1PMY Sep3rt'J.
TaI P?rNc-P NarOa3ow Ar IoAwD. -he Monifeur contains the following letter from Reiciavik (iceland) :-" On the ardival of the Rteine Hortense in this -harbour, with Pxince Napoleon on board, she found at anchor in the roadstead the A&rtenmse, Oocy-te, ano Perdrix, vith two En-lish steamers, the Saxon and Tasmania, which had been chartered by his Imperial Highness. The Artimise salited the Prince with 24 guns. On th+ ICorning of hisarrival the Psincereceived CountTiempt, the governor, the mayor, and the bishop. The governor collectei3100horse30f the country for the purpose of maldug an excursion to the volcano of the Gevsers. he Prince, with a suite of 25 persons, left on tiha 1st of- July, and returned after an- absence of five. days. The weather was very unfavourable, and the party wera obliged to encamp in the 3nud, but still great satisfaciion was felt at the excursion, which enabled the traveLers to witness several eruptions of the Geysers. On thel Sunday evening after his return the Prince was present at. a ball on board the Art6mise, to which the principal inha hitants of Xeikiavikhad been invited. Iceland is pre z a grand flte for the Prince, at 'which he wil see asseMbl, all the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood in their national costume. His Imperial Highness, who, as well azthe persons who accompany bim, is in excellent health, appears to be delighted with his voyage. The Prince in-. tends leaving Iceland to visit one of the Danish establish.. ments on the sonth-east coast of Greenland, and the islanl of Disko, whence he wil proceed to Hanmmerfest and the north coast of lXorway. GAnoToE RoDlaY iN R nADni.-The system of garot'e robbery has extended itself to the town of Reading, but, fortunately, one of the fellows concerned was speedil; captured, after a desperate struggle, and now awaits ins final examination before the magistrates. It appears that a respectable upholsterer named 1:ayne, living in Chainstreet, close by the post-office, was standing at the top of the street about a quarter before 1 o'clock on the morn ng of Wednesday, the 30th nit., when two powerful men, accomanied by a woman, 'walked u to hirm and demanded monef or drink. HIe told them he had none, but they said they would have some. Alarmed at their threatenin conduct, he hastened dow the street to get home, and the momnl t he reached his own door one of the fellows thrush his hand7 over his month and nostrils, and held it there se closelyastopreventhishallooing, during whichtime the other man rifled his pock-ets. Having got what they wanted, they released their hold, bout Mr. .a.ne was nearly e_hausted 'when they left him. In a few minutes afterwards, just as he had in some degree recovered from the attack, tvo of the county police came by, and he having informed ihenaof what had occurd, and the direction themen ha taken, theywentafterthem; Onreaclhingthepott-office, in. Broad-street, the two men and woman -were met -with, and the police, on being told by Mr. Hyne that they were the persons who att?ckea him, instantly seized them by the colla A stru gle of a fearful chracter ensued; one oE the officrs was knocked down, and the other was nearly overpowered by his prisoner, but he drew his staff, and. feUea him to the ground 'vith a severe blow on the hea. One of the fellows escaped, and the other continued toklicl and plunge about most vielently, bnt he was eventually lodged at the police sttion, where he vas at once recognized as havin belonged to the 3er's Militia, which wag recently disbanded, an at his nameY'as Shepherd. The police have been in search of the other mr and 7wrmnan, bu^ have not succeeded in discovering them. Tue man Shep-, herd, it appears, has freguently be-n convicted of zobbery, andis a notoriously bad character. EsrrNsrv_P sOBBFYES.-TDbing the present week - two ery. extensive robberieg of watches' amn jewelry have been committed in the West Riding, the thieves being evidently men who were not only: abIe to effect their oblject in a very exDert mnanner, hut to select their spoil with singular jndgmeat. The fst plbbery 'was comrmitted on ihe shop of Mr;Young,-watchmiaker am! jeweller, High Hlarrogate, on Sunday night. An -entraino was effected through the kitchen door, which is hai gla, by removing the and spping tghe bolt by whichhe door was fastened. The door ope into the shop *aun-, fastened, And the thieves -removed 1 silver and 10 goli watches, a large number of gold rings, brooches, chain, &*m. 2taounting in value to from4MN. to 500 - All plated gooda wreweft bekind. Mr. Young aeptin a room overthes shop, bat was not Ware of the robbery until 7o'clock on Monday mornng. The second robb s comitted. urin Tuedayniht on the Lho of Mr Ricar c lske oo -watch er, on;hchi ew norUt - of Harrogate.erobey tHrrg& M,. Biakeborough had carefully aernred&hia pretniae, and takem, some xra precautions, leving liii bedrroomddor r onek harming a light aiii nlst, but without auep. Th Ictisieves. approached the presmses from the bade, and obtuined an entrnce through the cellr kicen 'wrindowr, Isa7vne auede a hdcein the shutter'with a circular bit. They hada. ltw uenabitto obtain an entranoeiniothe abop, as the dcor. wa iantened. Having thus sucoeeded in obtining ja entrance and enjoyed themselves 'wi* Trefreshments, they' remnoved 10 gold and 30 silver watchs (Second-hsad), -si silvrard plain-dial levers, 10- diamond and-fancyrings, 1l00 'edding-rings, four doze odd-gsaada ba6al brXcbele, &c., 'ralue about400f. Mr. Blkbgiever haard. the, thieves. From - the-maner in which bot the i,bheria wrere effected there is no doubt tha ths~iieviea had ande. themseves famirlarwith tbe -premises, * , ~~. .::
~'PRANTITh 'IoE ouB OWN COERESPONDMM.I pAS U, WDNIZDdY, C .ZZ.. Tlie only article that invites comnnt in t,day's Paris papers is one in the A&sernl.e Nahonle,, entitled the "Situation inSpoin," whichmaybesummej -up in two lines-asan attack on all the most promi:nent persons connected with Spain except Marshal Warvaez. (Yl:onnell is damned by faint praise anld refused confidence. Espartero is declared to have never been anything but a servile instrument in the hands of the Democrats and of England. BMatia Christina has fallen into discredit, and her name excites a sert of reprobation, which the vriter cannot qonsider otheriise than merited. Afterhitting right and left in this manner, the Assemble .seems well pleased to repose its vision on "The Duke of Valencia, the only one of all the men. who during the last 25 years have governed Spain i7hose n3me has.preserved all its prestige. Inthe mnidst of the vicissitudes of w;hich the Peninsula has been the theatre, he is the only man, perhaps," continues the Assenabl.e, "whom personal ambition or the cntrainement of circumstances has never made to deviate from the line he has traced, a;id which may be abridged in two words-oasolidation of the Throne and exclusive devotion to the interests of Spain." Captain Dalgetty felt convinced he had the Duke of Argyle in his grip because of the fine cnaracter he gave himself. c- T4ere is nobody else," remarked the shrewrd adver,turer, "whowould say half so much good of you." It is doubtless an analogous reasoning that makes sonme believe the article in the Assemblee to be inspired by M-farshal Narvaez himself, who, having just returned from his patriotic expedition to Bayonne, sorely chafed at the refusal of his proffered services, dashes, like some fierce bull in the arena, at each of his adversaries in turn, and then pausing, content with his -prowess, complacently contemplates and displays himself. It is difficult to reconcile with this sUpposition the sortie against Christina unless we accept as true a report that there is dissension between her and her former champion and ally. Neglectina iowever, the mere personalities the article contain., and abstaining from conjectures as to its origin, I amay dwell a moment on its concluding passages, ia which the Assemble puts itself in direct opposition with the views lately expressed iu the Morateur - 'I-- Marshal O'Donnell wishes the service he hasiust rendered to his country to bear fruits withoat new changes becoming necessary, if he wishes to be himself something eLis then a man of transition, he must profit by the trials through which Spain has passed of late years, ard distrust too vague or too elastic programmes. " Peace can be restored to Spain only by a sincere return lo the ideas of order, and by the complete abandonment of a policy the inevitable consequences of which have revealed themselves. We think us we :tha such is thc desire of the Queen. The energy she has shown in face of the insurrection after having supported, not without dignity, the two years of tte pre,eding rs-gime, has awakened in all hearts those sentiments of fidelity and loyalty which ally themselves, in trae Spaniards, to their unalterable attachment to their religion. If the Government wishes to asswre its triumph, it is in these sentiments that it must seek support-it is there thatit must seek strength and duration. Let it renounce those impious laws which were bat a first step towards a more general spoliation; let it break energetically with-the deplorable tendencies of the rfgme that has just fallen: it is at: this price, only that it vwill conciliate, without excep-tion of party, all honest men, and that it will consolidate its sictory." In these few lifes there is a great deal advanced, or, at least, very plainly implied. According to the A tsemb.7ie (or to Marshaul Karvae; if it indeed be he from wihom the article proceeds), the constitutional sys£tem has been tried and found wanting, and it is time to step back to 1833, or, which is pretty nearly the same thing, to the practical despotism that provailed under Narvaez, and, after him, under the Polacos. Such, we are then tolld, in style somewhat authoritative, is the wish of Queen Isabela. Her Mlajesty may w;ell excclaim, "'Save me from my frienlds !" Iff such be really her wish, she wtill do well to conceal it, lest her subjects should ask themselves what they have gained by countless sacrifices, and whether Montemolin wvould not be quite as desirable a Sovereign as a Queen who thus forgets that she ascended the throne, and hasbeen maintained there, in the name of constitutional government. The law o, "desamortizacion" isthenvehementlyassailed, and we are told that it is but a first step towards a more general spoliation,-words which can only be interpreted to mean that it is but the torerunner of Soclism and of the plunder of private individualsthat it is to lead, in short, to a trampling on aUl the rights of property. The general tendency of the article is as evident as it is perfidious. It seeks, by mingled censure and encouragement, to spur o0 O'Donnell in the path of reaction, predicting that such a course will lead to his permanence in power, whereas none could be more certain to bring about his fall and his replacement by Narvaez. It is the general opinion of those best acquainted with tHe state of parties in Spain that the support of the Progresistas is the only chance O'Donnell has of maintaining himself on the difficult eminence to w-hich recent events have elevated him. M. Turgot has addressed to the French Government a highly favourable report on the state of .affairs in Spain and on the prospects of the Governmnent. He does not leave his post for the present. The Commission appointed to try the persons Crininatedin the late outrage near Giurgevo, when a French soldier was murdered, has sentenced the Au-trian LieutenantCzack to the loss of his commiission and five years' imprisonment. The cor. poral vrho actually fired the shot wfill be tried by a higher tribunatl, the one that condemned his officer not being competent to pass so severe a sentence as it is expected his crime will be found to deserve. A writer of some little reputation here, M. H. Cast3le, has just published, as part of a series entitlcd Poiti1cal Portraits in tlle Ni&eteenth Century a -a-etch of the Iarquis del Carreto, formerly Neapolitan Tinister of Police, and has dedicated it to Mr. Gladstone and Lord Clarendon. This maemoir includes an account of the prison and bage of 3isida, founded, as the amithor assures his readers, on trustworthy documents, and especially on the letters of a person long confined there. We have heard so much of the horrors of Italian prisons, where political prisoners are herded with, and even chained to, the perpetrators of the most atrocious er2mes, that it is hardly possible for any details of the kind to surprise us; but certainly nothing that we have been told surpasses what is now set before ius. At the period to which M. Castille's notes refer tae baczge of Nisida contained 900 galley slaves, under the control of a triumvirate, composed of a naval officer, a surgeon, and a chaplain, who appointed the subordinate officials, selling the various posts to the highest bidders. The purchasers, of course, had to regain the purchase-mnoney and make a profit; and this they did by arrangements with the contractors for the prison, tho consequence of -hikh was that the prisoner's loaf dwindled, that his meat proceeded from animals that had died of disease, and that everythiug allowed hiim by the regulations was of the most execrable quality, as well as insufficient in quantity. The urisoners -*ho obtained permisson to work on their-own account were subjected to extortions which reduced their earnings almost to nothing; we are told of men. working .14 hours to. earn one penny. Their beds conhiated of planks or shelves, ranged one above the 0t0vz and of four yards of coarse cloth made. of _-ez h.=ir. They *ere infe3ted with myriads of inrects. The tyranny and ill-treatinent to which some *of the prisoners were subjected by the stronger and more brutal of their companions added greatly to the nmiseries of their horrible existence. Although .crds were prohibited, there was no lack of tnem; some of tiie prisones, and espeialy the priests, manufactured them. The play went on at night, and frequently led to quarels and to murder*, whose authoss were never-di-coveted, forthe-gambling was protected by the camositi-prisoners who acted as petfty officera over the rest, who levied a tax on the players and divided it wil the rulerof theprison. 'I here were many priests atNisida, some for political offiences, others for hiideous crimes, butnthere was no distinction niade among them. An Innocent 'man, imiisoned on false accusation of conspiiacy, night faa hinself chained -to theb perpetrator of~ h a dozen murders, or to a bandit chief, gailty of every imaginable iniquity. - On Sundays the relatives and friends of the, prisoners were adnmitted to see them in a v.ast -hal divided, by a grating, *hich nioney, 'however, Opened. Here the virtuous and afflicted wives, mothers5 and sisters of political captives found. themselves environed by a mob of the very lowest and most depraved of their sex, and exposed to language and s^enes which nmiust be left to the imagination. A. Castille sketchea the fate of an unfortunate young man. who- there [endured an undeserved captivity, and whose aged mother, his wife, and infant child came each Sunday to visit him, although their penury was such'that they had scarcely wherewith to pay their pssage frord apDlesto Nisida. At lasthe begged them to come.no l onger; he could not bear that they s.ould be exposed to the spectacle of that pandemonium, and. to the insults of the g3olers, who sought to make them pay the same tribute they exacted fromthedegraded erestures who composed the majority-of the visitors. So thenceforward they-did not eniter the prison, but sat under a tree outside, whence they could at least exchanga looks with their husband and son. The wife threw herself at the feet of the King to implore her husband's rardon, but in vain. Her petition was refeird-totheYMinister of Justice, who refused it. She fell ill of fever and died. delirious. This heartrending news had just reached her wretched husband when the man to whom he was. chained insisted on going to a sort of tavern tolerated in the prison. He followed him mechanicaUly. At the tavern his inseparable companion drank and gambled jwith. another galley-slave; a quarrel enasued, - knives were dra7wn, and in the struggle, his com'panion, finding hin embarrass his 'movements, turned upon -in his fury and stabbed hinr to 'death. Such were the scenes that occurred in Neapolitan prisons when the Marquiis del Carreto was the ,all-powerful M§inister of the Sovereign of: thc Two. Sicilies. In 1848he was.dismissed, but we have abundant evidence that little,-if any, provement has since then taken place inthe lot of the unfortunate victims of a tyranny the continued ex-. istence of which is a disgrace to civilized Europe. The following private telegraphlic despatches haver been receivedl "BERI2N, JuLY 29.' "Count do Morny, Ambassador from France to the Court of Russia, has arrived here, accompanied by a numerous suite. He was received at the station of the railway by the members of the French Embassy, and immediately pro:ceeded in a state carriage to the hotel of the Ambassawra, 'where he wilvremain eome days. "The Xing. cf Prussia wDl have anintervieww ithtfie Emperor of Austria on Friday next, at Toplitz. " Russia has just reduced her tariff on sugar. "The censorship has much increased in severity at St. Petersburg." J'Jusr29. "The Emperor set out to-day at 2 o"clock, 'with thhe Prince of Tuscesy, for Aussig, yvhence he will proceed to T6plitz, where, it is waserted on 'good authority, he wil 'shortly have an interview with the King of Prussia." "TUPIN, JuLF29. "The nomination of General Stahelberg as Russian Minister at this Court is definitively announced. ." Tranquillity continues on the frontiers of the duchy of Modena." "HAMBURG, JULY 30. "Count de Lowenhjelm, fonnerly Swedish Mi'nister "at Paris, has just died at Stockholm fr-om an attack of apo. plexy." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 65c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 70f. 70c.; Orleans Railway shares, L,392f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,055f. ; Strasburg, 945f.; new shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons 1 420f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,840f.; Oesterof France 963f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, SM'f.; Great Centra of France, 703f. 75c. - Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier4SOOf.; Austrian Railways, 867f. 50c. Cours Ats.uc.-PAm, I July 30.-Cah Picea.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. Wc.; ditto, not reiinbursable for 10 years, 93f. 7o; *ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 93f. 75c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cert. paid). 93f. 75c.; Four per. Cents., 82f.; Three per Cents., 70f. fOe. 65c.; ditto secord Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 6Oc.;* ditto Certifcates (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 60c.; Bank of France,' 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, Obligations of 5COf., FoulrperCents., 43f.; dittoTenths, Four per Cents., 95f.; ditto Three per Cents., &Of.; Credit Mobiler, 1,530!. l,540f. 1,545f. 1,555f. 1,66£f.; Discount Bank, 710f. 707f. 5Oc.; Piedontese Five per Cents., 90 ditto Three per Centhe, e6f. *estrian Five per Cents, A num Belgian Foure and-a-Ealf peor Cents., 98b; toeans, 87; Spash Threo per Cents., 44; ditto Interior Debt, 39. Ecanage on Lde- den, at eight, money, 2Sf. 27th.; three months, nioney1 2Sf. 2ac. SPAIN. Olur accounts from Madrid are of the 26th ult. The Gazette published-i. A numbler oflaws relative to pensions g,ranted by the Cortes; 2. A Royal decree appointing M. Antonio Gil y 2arata UJnder Secretary of State of the Ministry of the Interior;' 3. Another decree, dismissing General Ruiz from the post of Captainl-.General of Gallicia; andl 4. A decree conferring on General Maria Vassalo, as a recompense of his loyal conduct during the recent events in Gallicia, the Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Charles III. Queen Isabella has celebrated as usual the anniversary of the birthday of her mother, Queen MIaria Christina. General Serrano B1doya, ex-Captain-General of Madrid, had been ordered into quarters at Espinar. Brig,adier Cervino had been appointed. Military Governor of Gruadalajara, apost of much imaportance at this moment, on account of the operations about to comimence in Arragon. We find in the Gazete the following intelligence from the provinces:- "Malaga has pronounced, the civil governor, Domingo Velo, having placed himself at the head of the movement. The Deputy-Commander of Granada writes, on the 22d that several chiefs and officers of the garrison of Maga, who remained faithful to the Government, had arrived in that city. The 2d battalion of Arragon, the greatest part of t1e artillery, and a detachment of the civic guard had retired into the castle of Gibralfamo. The revolutionary junta having prohibited the entrance of provisions into the caste, the commander of the Royal troops, after proclaiming martial law, threatened to bombard the town if the junta main. tained its decision. This energetic attitude produced the desired effect. The carabineers had left Malaga, with their chiefs, for Estepona, being told that Granada had likewise pronounced. Ths Captain-General ad interim had since ordered them to join him at Granada, where they were expected on the 24th. The 'Aleri s mail, due some days, has ?rrived, but brings no news. A column, composed of infanLry, cavalry, and artilery, had left Valencia for Villaverde, where Brigadier Damato is concentrating forces to operate against Teruel, whicb had declared&sgainst the Government. 'otwitnstanding the disarmament of the National Guard of Seville, some disturbances tookc place oa the 23d at the gates of the city. Some of 'the revolters were killed, and order was re-established." TUR REY. (Po3sl OURe OWN CORRESPONDnzT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, J-UY 2L A special committee has been appointed to inquire into the beat means to promote public instruction in general, and to devise a plan for. the organization of the hiaher branches of in-, 'struction in the spirit of the'atti-umayoun. In order to accomplish this the non-Mahomedan cornmunities will each send a delegate to take part in the deliberations of tne committee. According to the tenour of the Hatti-Humayoun,the primary and secondary instruction is left in the hands of the re'spective communities, and the State promises to 'provide for the higher instruction of all classes of 'the population indiscrilninately. As on many other points, there are likewise many wrong ideas current-in Europe about the state of public instruction in Turkey, which is supposed to be in such a neglected state that .everything has as yet to be done. Formerly in Turkey, as in all other Mahlomedan countries, the principle of individual ieducation was followed, as in EIgland, the expenses being defrayed byynumerousfoundations, ,nda 'the State having only a right of general suporin'tendence. If one wanted a proof that the Koran is 'by no means averse to instruction one has only to ' study the application of this principle. Not'a Sbul.tarn died, from the conquest of Constantinople till the end of the Lut century, without' making one or| more foundations out of his private income. The conqueror MIohlamaed alone establshed eight- I rschools for higher .instruction. near. the. mosqUe I Which beats his name., This liberal ex- amnple, given- by the Sultan-. was largely followed by the' wealthy, 'all 'over the einpizej,'who preferred puwprtuating their names by tome foundition of this Idnd to squandexing Their riches on a Sjbarite life.~ Thne retult of t his is that there is scarcely a village in'; the whole empire which does not posse3s a mekteb, or school for primary instruction, of ancient founda-; tion, aud where more than 95 per cent, of the whole Mahomedan youth partake of this- primiry edu&a. tion. Constantinople alone numbered 'in the la century ,500ofthese mektebs, ini whichehildrenx were taught reiding, a little arithmetic, iid r-6 'igion. Besidle these sehools for primary instruction, ll' the larger towns of the empire were provided 'with medresses, or higher schools, in which grammnar, syentax, logic, metaphysi'cs, philology, rhetoric, geometry, and astronomy are taught. StAmboul alone has 300of them at this present moment.' A.bove these snedresseswere the' colleges of the Ulemas, in which jurisprudence and dogmatic3 were taught. Such was tile system of education which formed itself nder the old principle. The chief short. coming of this system was the want of an intermediate link between higher and lower schools, which Vouldahive afforded an occasion for acquiring useftil knowledge beyond the elementary instruction-of tho mektebs, without forcing the youth to make a profession of learning. !It was a shortcoming which was felt intil lately in Eng.land also. The inedresses coulw scarcelybe considered as answering this purpose; they are rather preparatory schools for higher instruction. When the reforms vwere introduced the attention of the Government was likewise turned to the subject of eduication, which was to be brought in harmony with the spirit of the new- institutions. .1n1845a commissioi was formed forthispurpose5 and the reDort of this conmission is the basis of the present system of education. It thanged the principle which left educationtoindividual exertion, and substituted that of- an education given by the State. in carrying out this principlo of centralization the committee followed the educational systern in 'vigour. on the continent, especially that of France. It centralized the whole education in the Ottoman University, with a permanent Council of Public Instruction, and divided the schools in three classes-elementary, secondary, and high schools. For the elementary schools the mektebs were taken as the, basis. According to the will of their founders these schools had bien always attached to some mosque, which had the direction of them and administered their revenues. The State was now substituted for the mosques. As these mektebs had arisen according to the fancy of the individual founders, they were unequally divided, and some more favoured mosques had quire a superfluity. They were now divided according to the quarters of the different towns, and those which were not thought. necessary altogether suppressed.- Thus Constantinople, which formerly had 1,500 of 'these mektebs, now possesses only about 400. The revenues of the foundations were put under the administration of the State, and the masters and other expenses paid out of them; formerly a nominal fee of two piasters a-month was paid by those who could afford it; this was abolished, and instruction was declared gratuitous, nay, obligatory for every maleor female child past six years of :age, and in order to enfoice this law no master or f.adesiman is allowed to accept an apprentice who 'has not X certificate from some mekteb. The secondaryschools were formed after the model of the lirench schools. The course of study lasts four 5'ears, in which the-students are taught Arab grammar and syntax, witing, history, geography, arithmetic, and the elements of geometry. Witn these secondary schools, which were never brought up to the nunber-of 14, originally decreed, the reforms (ceased. Of the University only the shell exists, u.sed now as a French hospital The only thing done hitherto for higher instruction by the State is Sthe foundation of some schools for special purposes -for instance, those founded by Sultan Mahmoud, 'and attached to the mosques of Sultan Ahmled and Sultan Suleiman, for the education of public functionaries; that of the Sultan Valid6, for the same Durpose; an ecole honnete, for the formation of teachers; the School of Medicine, and some military schools-all at Constantinople. It is, then, with this higher education that the newly-named mixed committee -,vill have to deaL If it succeeds it wil have conferred one of the greatest boons on' Turkey; foi it is this -want of a solmd superior education which creates considerable embaerasament in all spheres of government, and which restricts the - number of capable men in Turkey. With the-means.now. eistingy it is all but impossible even for the most capable youth to educate himself in the country; while, on the other hand, those who go abroad acquire only a superficial knowledge, which creates a confusion in their minds, so that when they return they}have ceased to be 'Tur!ks without becoming Europeans. Rumoulrs of a new Ministerialcombination are again afloat. Last week the Sultan visited the former Grand Vizier, Mustapha Pasha, at his country residence, and spent the evening there. This visit is connected, of course, with a political object. Mustaplia Pasha is an, Albanian by birth, and followed Mehemet Ali to 3gypt, where he was appointed by the latter Governor of Candia, which at that time was attached to the Pashalic of EPgypt. W'hen Mehemet Ali declared himself against' the Porte he remained faithful, and was confirmed in his post. fe was resorted to on a former occasion when nobody cared to be Grand Vizier, but soon after his nomination he began bank-ing operations on auch a large scale that he was removed after four months. I wrote to you in one of my last letters that the chief Secretary of the Council of State was indicted for having farmed some tithes. I amn happy to say he has been, after a greati battle in the Council of' State, convicted. It is only to be hoped that the sentence will be executed. Kiamil Bey, Tntrodlucteur des Anbassadeurs, has been charged to take the dismissal of the Princes and he appointment of the }Kaimakans to the Danubian Principalities. H[e is at the same time, charged to convey the Medjidie of the first class to Stirbey. The Medjidie of the first class is the highest honour which the Sultan can confer. It is only given to crowned heads, and for the most distinonished s vices. Thus, the man who has been condemned by the public opinion of Europe, and by his own country-the man who has done everything to upset Ttirkish influence in Wallachia-is honoured above all others ! The latest newvs from Erzeroum shows that the Russians are making the best of their temporary occupation of' the district of Kars. They are busy destroying the forests which clothe thle sides of the Soghanli D)agh, and which form the greatest obstscle for an army advancing from iKars against Erzeroumn Good news has arrved from Arabia. The newly appointed Scheriff of MIecca, Ben-Aoun, who had been blockaded in Mecca, went out -with a small force comnposed of the two battalions of regular Turkish troops garrisoned in the town and a number of his supporters, and threw himself on the forces of his antagonists, w-hich far outnumbered his own. Ee dispersed them, and the deposed Scheriff took refuge in the fortress of Taif, where he was besieged and taken, with many of his followers. Marshal Pelissier left on Thursday last. Genera1 Codrington is still here getting his share of the festivals. He was' presented on Saturday last to the Sultan. Lord Lyons had likewise arrived, and is on board the Royal Albert, at Bujukdere. The accounts whicl one hears of the behaviour of thle Rulssians towards those who remained after the evacuation are not so unanimous. I heard from some gentlemen that they had gone up after the evacuation to visit Sebastopol, and were not in the least molested, the only person they met being a solitary sentry among the ruins. Others, on the contrary, I heard relating that it was only with the. greatest diflieulty that any effects could be saved' from the greedy Cossacl-s. The German Legion is gone. The Himalaya took' the 3d Regiment and seven companies of the I'st Light Infanty Regiment. Brigadier-General Manseld went likeise in her, his servicesas Mlitary Secretary at the Embassy being no longer required. General Mansfield is one of 'thise English officers. who have ~turned their Indian experience to gool1' account in their. dealingswith the Torles A though the omparatively subordinate. position which he: held scarcely-gave a fair scope -to-his talents:, yet it was due in a -great measure to his savxoir-faire and' knowledge of the Turkish character that many of: the difficulties which aro3e with the Tuikish Wa&r Department, e specially about the Contingent and *the Bashi-Bazouks, weresatisfactorily settled.' The orders have come to break up- the PolishLegion, which i-s still at KutschukTehelM4edi. It seem s the Turks did not enter into the idea of kee ingMp-th ibn as a, militahy colony oenepihg pth - henegotiations '*ere- drggoe. on in thia respec,f,"and'the. Igion' had- m-thame,.antime, an amphibiour eniitence, Lalf one thing, another--r, .rathe, oinorthe other. 'RUSSIA. -(rnoar ou uxra cRRnslOrIonDwr.) --BERLtN', Ju r29.- 'teters from St.' Petersburg, of the 22d.inst., mention 'that Sir Charles Napier hd- arriv6a there. 31. de Morny had been expected to amve the day before, and, in> anticipation of his anival, orders 'had b3een given that he should be ,aluted on paging Cronstadtwith303kuns, anudthat the twYo bridges over the Neva shouild be opened for him wiithout any delay, so that 'his stmer might without hindaboce run alongside of -the hotel which ke'has taken' on- the Russian auay, close by the Imperial palace-the Hermitage. Thise hotel is the piroperfyv of the- Dowager Princess of WoroizowrDaichkoff,the widow:of a son of the late Stadthol.der in the Caucasus; and^St. Petersburg gosip fiads pleasure in telling of a little rencoutre this lady hadafew years back with the lrince President of the Republic, man which led to her leaving Paris. It was just-before the cetwp d'ett of December 2 that Pr ince Louis Napoleon, to whont the manIy sarcatic r-emrkls of the -Rusin Princess at his-expense were walE known, asked her one evening rather pointedly, at an evening party, when she intended to Ieave laris? She evasively mentioned some indefinite future time, and retorted with the question, "And wxhen do you think of leaving Paris, M1onsieur le President I" The only answoer this question produced was. a hint to the Russian M5inister within a few days that it would be more agreeable if the Dowager Princess of WVoronzowDaschkoff gavo up her residence at the French capital. She has not only done so, but she now lets her residence in the Russian capital to the aler ego of the French Emperor. M. de Moray arrived here this 3norning, and is gOi1g to stay at least three days at the Hotel de Russie; bat he -is spoken of in the St. Petersburg letters as being that one of the Special Plenipotentiaries of tLe Great Powers deputed to be present at the coronation who will arrive in the Russian capital the first, and for whom, consequeitly, the fJrstplaceandprecedenceisreserved. But while heis - still staying ii Berlin, letters from Warsaw, of the 26th inst., mention, that Prince Paul Anton Esterhazy had not onfly arrived there on his way to St. Petersburg,but had the samne day set off for that capital. T'he Austrian Prince was accompanied by his son, Prince Nicholas Esterhazy (nmared to Lady Sarah Villiers), and Count Hallenberg. The day of the coronation remains fixed for August 31; it would originally have been fiied for the following day, the anniversary of the coronation of the late Emperor, but that September 1 falls on awveek-day, while it -i3 held to be indispensable in Russia that the c fonation shouliltaim place onaSunday, and, therefore, the nearest Sunday-viz, the day p'reeeding, has been taken. The desireonthe part of the Emperor and Empress has been distinctly made kno'wn that the ceremony should bear ds much as possible the stamp of a national character ; and the Russian nobles will consequently appear in the old costume of the Boyars, one very striking -feature of which is the girdle beset with diamonds; and it would seem as if no detail Will be overlooked that can in any way contribute to the splendour of the costumes and the pageant. The membera of the different corps dramtiques who are to perform at Mo6scow during the r6unio77 there of the most brilliant portion of the Russian State have received ordersn to leave St. Petersburg forMoscow on the 7th of August, as the Emperor has expressed his great desire that no rehearsals may be spared that may be eiaential to the greatest possible excellence of their productions. Count Chreptowitsuk, the newlyappointed Russiau Blinister at London, is expected to pass through here in a few days on his way to Ergland. as he was to leave St. Petersburg on last Saturday. He will be accormpanied by Baron Nicolai, as S6critaire de 7egation, and by Count Bardof, lately at lHanover, Count Schuwaloff, ar.d M. Kotsclrbey, as secretaries. On the 23d inst. it was intended that the bureaux of the French Consulate should be officially opened in the premises definitively taken for it in the Lesser MIoskoja. Gerieral von Berg has lately retured from a visit to the Aland Isles. It is presumed that thlis visit was not quite foreign to professional purposas, and stands in connexion with an approaching railitary cecupation of those islands. It is distinctly pointed out by Russians that, 'although their country ha-s engaged not to fortify those islands, it has by no means undertaken not to occupy them with a military force. The Enmperor has -conferred the title of Count and the coat of arms of his - deceased uncle on the nephew of Count Riidiger, Staff Captain in the mounted Grenadier Guards. This mark of favour, is expressed to be "in conformity with the wish of the. deceased count, and in consideration of the great aervices he had rendered to his country." As a mark of special favour,-to Count Adlerberg, MInister of the: Imperial- House, his son, who -has no children, las been permitted by the - Emperor to adopt the young Nicolai Walewsli, with the right to succeed to an the titles and privileges of the Adlerberg family. - The Emperor has also conferred the second class of the order of St. Wadinair, together wiith a very gracious letter, on FiaU;owaki, th~e Catholic suifragan bishop of the Eparchic Plock, and 'administrator of the Archeparchic of. Warsaw. FRrom this it is concluded that certain measures with regard to the CatholiEc church iii Poland have been brought to a satisfactory result without any intervention on the part of the Papal see; and we are given to-understand that for somiae time to come we shall hear little or nothing about negotiations with the Vatican with respect to appointments to the vacant sees in Poland. There is one distinction accorded in Russia to. distinguished services rendered by privates of the army and, navy, or to persons of equally subordinate rank, that seems well calcullated to. obtain the end that is striven after by ribands and medals distibuted to tihose-higher'inrank;itis the custom there for the Goverment to publish and circulate the portraits of such aJhiave deserved we of their country, no matter how low their position in the'scale of rank may be. 'Thus, within the last. few weeks, a number of very fairly executed portraits of private soldiers who distin-guished them-: selves in the, late campaign have been brought into irculation, and the Marine Jcurnal publishes that of an Esthonian' sailor, named IHinxik Numn; toethtier with a slight- biog,raph3ical sketeh of his life, showfing thiati after having served already20 years; he had particulax-ly distinguished himself at the bombardment o~f Sweaborg. - propos of Sweaborg, it may be raentionedthat about five or six vessels have been lately proclaimed by the Russian Admiralty to be unseaworthy in consequ-ence of the. injuries' they- received at the bombardmuent of Swveaborg. Hitherto it had always. been affirmed t2hat only .one vessel had received any, 'damage on that occasion. These half-dozen vessels will in future only be employed in harbour service. -The. Inv,lide Russe -of . the 24th of July poublishes the following announcement of the evaeuation of the Crimea by the allies . - - -" On the 4th(-16th) of -layXinburn was handed - over to 1s-, andtheNFrench'troops which- occupied it left fr Constantinople. 'I On the 1th (31st) of }ay theFRench, consisting of one battalion of Rifles, a battery, and a company of MarinesIrit :Eupatoria, and embarked, after having given up-the town, inv irueof an agreemeat drawnup to that effect, to teofficer-appoint;ed by the Goyemnor of Taurns The sani tay con,dition of tho inhabitants was found satisfactory; the town, awith the exception of a few -houses, is totally 'destroyed' : "On thc 12i,h (24th) June the allies evacuated Yenikale ,snd ertch and cominnicationswere re-established with Taman. . On the evenir,g o. the 23d June (5th July) the French feet, -with Marshal Pelissier- and the remainder ot thetroops, left Kaimiesch3ay. The Admiralty, Quarantine, and naval buildings werc still occupied by the Eaglish.. _. " Onthe3Gth Juneo(12th July), at-' p.m., General Cod rington, withthe:Englishi'toopsthat aug remained in the | Crimea, ebarloVat B'alaklava and went to sea. . On < Oathe 5th,(lth) Jly there .did -not remain a single foreign ship cf -war on thEe shofes of the Crimea. "The Russian' overnment is.re-established on cveryr point evawciuated hy'thi Uuies."iff ~ - . .- ' . ,ITA -. - : -oUR oB coNISPONDXTS.)-.' - -:',,-TuRIN JuLY 23.,, I Thismo,rinoi,u e Stardi Gvminei recived I S~ teleo'chphis ,despatcii'firor Sarzanii 'stitin,i that ja1bout0 20 persinkeUintSda,77ns' had during -the aii;lit erossed the 2Mdenesee irontir nie=ar there, crying " 1;iva Yitk7n-o Ezin?1la2vse, 2 ItZi! They are said td have been :f h ¢.t,a=. in -the:Ducsl temrtory,ri iearcMaasa, whe theyjoined a still larger-bidy' of insurgetalady e ; but, *s they cut the teoIral wirexin their page, we are aI tkout authentic paricular of their ,frther niovments. I hate adysentyon adespatch bytelegraph nouncing thiIact; bta ha cUntamingpotcal news- are not aU,*ed to be for-warded without expres permission of the Governmant, and As all the BMinisteri were out of town until a late hour- at Pollenza, lrhere His i.estr held a Council, it did not arrive, Ifear, so as to b.e of any use for publication to-day. As soonas the above if-Gormation reached Sarzana- and Spezzia from the Gendaines oon the frontier, who had-encceeded in arresting a few of those forcing their way over, troops were immediately puffin 'motion frlom those place. for their assistanee, and two ateamerw.were sent down wfroi Genoain t'he coure of the day with other remforcements. Opinion here is, of course, midch- divided as to the* cause of this- outbreaksome maintaining it to have been instigated by Austrian agents, while others hold that it iY purely and simply one of Mazzini's miad projects,. and the. reult of his recent visit to Ita3y. Both oides have much apparent reoason f6r their views, for -the Austri.n Govemment evidently has m6st to gain bF-disturbancesin that quarter at present, as they would afford it a: plausible excuse for agafin occupying the, 3Iodenese territory, and formnig a cordon oftroops all along the Piedmontese frontier from Piacenza to Massa, and the aavocates of this opinion' go so far -as to declare that one or more persons known to be employed bythe Milan'police will be found among the rioters. On the other hand, it is said that Austria -had no need of such far-fetched pretexts to justify her proceedings if she had reaJly determined on so extreme a measure as placing a cordon round Piedmont, and that, seeing what insane acts Mazzini and-'his lieutenants have already been guilty of, there is no reason to suppose they requlired -any incitement from other parties to commnit this. WVithout more light on the subjec it-is impossible to arrive at a £f'ir judgment between these adverse views, but at the same time there are some collateral facts 'which certainy sesm to give additionbil -weig,ht to the former opinion. ' The latest accounts from arna, for insance, inform us that so far from there being any prospect of an evacuation of the Parmesan doninionsbythe' Austrian troops, the Austrian military authorities there had been making arrangements of a permanent nature. A Mitary Charcellerie hadbeen established I there-by them, which woula have the effect of causi ing all orders, courts-martial, &c., to be referred to the Commandant-in-Chief, Mlarhal IRadetzky, so that, in fadt, the Government of Parma would be immediatelyunderthe control of theMarshal, instead of being directed by one of his Generals. Austrian troops have also for some time been collected along tlhe left bank of the Po, and are now prepared to cross it, itis said, at'four different points, and Count Crennaville has always expressed. most ominous predictions aeversince hisftro t differencegittheRegent, that it sould be necessary for Austria to occupy the E whole duchy for its more effectual protection Gowever illiberal it may appear, therefore, townrda the Austrian Government, it is impossibole to avoid having, strong misgivings as to its designs in all these preparationls, and. the delicate position in which it is placed in-relation to the French 'Government seems to suggest a reason for its using the elaborate machinery of intrigue to give a colour to its acts. -It may be objected-itat no Tespectable Government would have recourse to such -vile means to obtain its object; but, unless history has been most unjust to the aforesaid venerable institution, it has not hesitated befcre now to avail itself of far baser expedidnts even, when they suited its purpose. - I understana that 'both the French and English Ministers at'ihis Court were at Spezzia this morning havhin gone. there from Savona'in the yacht of the foriner Count Cavour is also away- at the Lago MIaggiore; but this newrs will probably bring them alI' back sooner than they intended, at least for a I time. The Marquis Sauli, the Sardinian Ministem it the Tuscan, WIodenese, and Parmesan Courts, has been instructed to visit AModena and Parrna, and has left-Florence for that purpose. ! A correspondence dated Parma, -the 24t.h, in the Diritto of to-day, says that on the evening of the 22d the prisners st uncondemned had been broug,ht back to Mantua from Parma. There ony i-eiained, therefore, at Mntus those under sentence for the disturbance of the 22d of J1113' last, year, and those are expected in Farna i a fewrdays. The same correspondence adds that Dr. Leonida Fanti, who was among the prisoners, had lost his reason in consequence of the illusage he was subjected to, and after three months' imprisonment, during which time he was obliged, notwithstanding his delirhum, to sleep on the bare floor, and acter passing a month in the military hospital, on account of the obstinacy of the Austriau ddctorsv who maintained that his delirium was all sham.- had been at length transferred to the lunatic Lsylun. The'railway 6x_p1ririent from Rome to Trascati does not seein to have been successful hitherto, and, iter several mishaps of a innor nature, a locomotive, called the "Santo Pio," got off the rails the other day in consequence of some earthwork giving way. All traffic. was therefore suspended for some days, and the police had given notice that new regulations -were to be published regarding railwray travellers. i\Mr. Brett arrived at Genoa on the 25th, ana imineditely set out for Cagliari, where he was to meet III. DeLamarche, a French engineer, who has been appointed by the French Government to -witness the operation of sinking the wire between Sardinia and. Africa. 3L Delamuarche had been previously sent to London to examine the cable and report on it to his Government, which takes the most lively interest in the success of the operation. This tiine Mr. Brett has insured the cable even against the contingency of its being either entirely or partially lsst. XAT:RS,'Juax 24. "The evidence against the accused in the Mignonna case is principally of a documentary cbaracter," said the Attorney-General to a friend of inine. Miuch of this evidence, as you are aware, has been submitted to the "1 Periti' (judges). The first set decided it against the accused. Another corrmission was appointed in the hope that it wouldc confirm this judgment, but, though the members of it had been appointed by the Court, the accused accepting the choice, the decision-was, as I recently informued you, against the Crown. It has been a great object withme to get one of these documents, and finally I have succeeded. .I shall not enter into the disputed que3tion of it-s authenticity, but shall content myself with calling your attention to what are, or what are fmputed to be, the leading subjects of complaint on the part of a -Neapolitan. M1onstrous as are the, accusations, 'few. would -deny that, in the [psain, they are founded in truth; and it is the ruth which constitutes their danger. Oneby one, bach- of the allegations might be tak-en as the text of a long exypws- of thediniquityund imbecility of this Government, of which innumerable facts mUight be adduced in proof-v-facts which are familiar to 'almost every resident -in: Naples wkose interests ,;lo not 'warp his judgment, and of so fearful a character. as -to insure the ineredulity of, almnost every one who does not Imnow this country. It would be telling a tale thrice told to 'disclose thle secretrs of the prison-house; to enuune-' raite. those who are pininlg in foreign exile, or in 'some' forced residence in the country itself; to recount the sleepless vigilance which is exercised over'those who read or think, the petty persecu,tions to which they- have 'been and. are subjected, and the endless obstacles that are thrown in the ivily of progress in aiy high and honourable career. ike the eternal dropping of water, -such a system ;'caniot-but have-produced its effect in 'debasing and Bispiritinn' the public'mind,3yet, in spite of this, there is -oti' a mani, I believe, ivho does not feel that his d.gusy and-indeperdence are compromised, and who. doles not eagerly desire a:change. In' the words of tluss-editious'thoughtruthfaI protest, there is universaI discontent. You, miy not see it on the surface, 'forthe surface of a aespotic coiuntry is as calmn as our own sea at the uiomnentI-am.writing.j. buttalkwith the least ac akened and the most ignorant, and you will find a eonsciousiess of- the -existence of some great overshado*ing'evil;'and- of the want of somethino indescribable. One manwill`tellyou of the 'corruption of a judge;-and of -the too successful in- :fix ence:of the brib of the waIthy opponeut.- kid- ' therV WU tell. you.f tAhe: public, robbery:. by ax. emrniwj -hb is too-great:a -man to be resisted; aud ainot1er 'wil tell£ hiis'being knocked.:down like a- ciilf'by'a'policeinan'and hs leg broken, and, after the c ise-has -been befo.re 1he Court, -of hisa beinlg quieted. by a prrsent privately arrnged..: The :higher youi- asceulndinthe scale thle stronger become the causo of carplin_t-even the ertfJ4 o rlo to &, ii ie t enjoy the Gavernuent: trotiona re e eonterited, for they feei that th-e tli:e pitifui1 career of a sxve, that the - - wherewith to pay for the iSoya live tIzatZ re their own word -as I have iie(rd is frm d mouths of judiAe and other*, -hyini- r - 'Te latest mnovelty- ere is e raLlier thi:-.poliica, in the form of a newret *bl Sp .-Bg- this groact r6ducti2so-dt-r a&Bowd to7the Spaiahj ag sugar wax,, wins, lead, _= r, &e. . lei h same privileges be exten ad to- the Brtioh fagf there -1ill 'be a virtial violatiou of our treaty. At present, I believe, any pr4vilege graate& to another State is directly conceded - to L Vw on application for it; bat why niot insert in ouri a pr, vsion whichiwasi nerted in one of the recent treaties wvit thix country bg which any privilege or, nht baca:me commnoni to us by the very act of iti&bex ceded to. another country? The article I eUllde to is the 13th in the dominant treaty concluded lst Way betweren the Two Sicilies ad the Haueatii Towns, and runs thus "If one of the two high cotnting prties bohld here.t afenrwads grat to sayother Powr ay 'pri~iiqge, £ivor, or immunt whaterer in regard o commuerce ornvig tion, theo same ihal imediatl become commo: D.tr 'otfier." . .: ... The plain mneaning of this appears to be thstJ whether the for3nalify of an application be made or not, the right dates from the moment of the cession of the privilege alluded to; and, -if so, auch Al artiale woud have exempted Britith inerch"nts settled in INaplea tr6z the payment of the differen: tirl. dutiesfronm 16554_. ..
TB BE'ALIAN FETES& BRlGES, TUSDAZ, J3uLy 29. It is impossibie to do justice to the great beauty of the decorations of the towvn. The illuminations vwere furmished by sulscription, but placed under a central authority; the result was consequently much mnore successful than that of the solitary syrtein followed or, occasions of festivity in England. The Grand Ilace was covered with long lines of colouredTnrldslhlauips, extending over the 'whole space, and occasionally releved by large bunches of them hanging together in studied confusion. The same ornamentation was seen in the streets. Similar lines of these lamps, forming an agreeable decoration bothby day and night, adorned' either side of the principal thoroughfar The result was 4pparently interninable vistas of light, higly agreeable to; the visual organs, But, nevertheless, no check was placed bnindividualenterprise. Some private houses excelledin, the designs they exhibited. One gentleman especialy, M. VYn Zuylen de Noerkerlke, gladdened the spectators by a combination of verdure and Jlamps as graceful as it was novel. A triumphal arch in the long street leading tca the railway station wa also covered entirely vwith blaches of trees,-" a sylvan colonnade." Among the various features of tse Kinges visit to this town two were of peculiar interest-the oDe the intuguration of the statue of Van Myck, the inventor of oil paint.- ing anda native of-Brages; the other the visitof thoeing to the Convent of the Dlnes .Aglaies. This establishment, as itsname imports, is one of English nuns, founded, I believe, in the time ofthe Protectorate, as snasylun foe rfugees. It is of the order of St. Angustine, and can never be entered or inspected except on tne occasion of a Royal. visit. The parents of the pupils are denied access even on occasions of illness. To-day, however, the whole house ind premises -were submitted to the examination of a profane crowd. The King was received by the R2dgifcnse-s, dressed in a quaint, but picturesque white costume. He, his suite, and the well-dressed crowd were then conducted all over the ,stablishment, visiting the- cells of the professed and the dormitories of the pupils. The latter onx the King's arrival -vere ranged rouni their.schoolroom, dressed in white an& blue, while four of their body, seated at four pianos, proA.ducad Iur -simultaneous versions of -the Braban,onue.- Their appearance formed not the least of the attrctions offered^ by Briiges. 3Many of them are English, and their fairycungfaces, flushedwvith excitementand-withpleasure it the personal address of the King, interested the spectators-in no small degree. The ing calebrated the event by obtaining a holyday for the young enthusiasts, and then tlh strangers left the house, the door was locked, and the sisters were left inLsolitude to brood over this onie event of their lives. This was the last circumstance of ibe King's isit to Bruges. At 1 o'clocklhe leftforl3russels 5by special train. To the last momuent he was accompanied by enthusiastic crowds, who never for-inoment ceased to follow him, nor fofill the air with their-eclamations.
I A o rnn AvIo2.-The second report of tha Select Committee on Transportation has just becn pul. lisied. The mintues of evidence (for there is no -" reporfs proper) occupy a space of 200 pages. Among the witnesses examined were Mr. -A L. Hill, Q.C., Sir A. Alison, Eart, M1r. J. Smart, Sir Xiattheew Barrington, Dart., Rey. Joseph IL Walpole, Police-sergeant HI Loome, Mr. W. Thwaites the Ron. Sir C. Cresswell; Mr. Inspector Brenian, Sir W: Erile, Sir R. Mayne, K.C.B., and Mfr. HenryMg3ayhew. Mr. IL D.Hilltbinksathtthe acttosudbtitute other panishments in lien of transportation (by-the act the 16th and 17th of V-itoria) has worked well-much better than he expected. Atthe same time he thinks the results of the act have been unduly magnified. Theprinciples of the measure ippear.to ldr. aill sound and good." In Scotland, nc=ording to Sir A. Alison,the iheriffof lanarkshire, the ticket-of^ leave system "has had the very worst possibleeffects;" it has sent beck the most " talented," the most dangerous,andi the most formidable class of depredators. Sir Archibald thiniri that transportation is not ouly possible, but that it might be zenderedainsome degree popular, if roperly mandged. In - word, hb regards transportation beyond the seas as the best punishment ever yet davised, both for deterrig offenders, for getting rid of them, and forplpnl therm Sithin reach of the means of reformftion. ItSYwoual appear that New Zeal3ud v ould be willing to take convicts, and employ thenmin pulblic works according to aplan recommended by Sir A. Alison, and the Hebrides are also rcentioned as likely depots for the emrployment of convicts. Mr. Smart, of Glasigow, thinks- theticket-of-leave system has not been successful, but then he does not consider that it; has had a fair triaL The xesult of the experience of Mr.- 11!Levy, a Scotch detective, is unfavourable to theticket-of-' leave system, onthe groundthatmen retern asbad,orrather worse, than they went away. The testimony of Sir HL Bairrabgton as regards Irelandis to the effect that transportation is nmuch more dreaded as a. punishment in that country than any other-death not excepted. Sir Matthew woula be very reluctant to. see the punishmet of transportat0oi Iabolished. 1'olce-sergeant lioome showrs how great a. hor- - zor is entertained of trausoortation by crianinals, and ex-. Ipresses his apprehension nt the samne timne that there are n oetheveiu ouon ov,tha evr.These deiqat dread banishmnent beyond the seas far more than incarcerationathome, orseem todo so. The majorityofticketof - leaveumen (knowntothe sergeant)have conducted themt. selves very hadly, and he recommends the revooationi of the system and A return to the punishment of transportation.. inthe teeth of this evidence Mr. Thwaites, a teacher of conficts at Hull, declares that the new-system has awted well,uind far better than any other of-which he is cogni. zant, and that ith esuts are most favouable. Mr. Jasiee, Ciessweli thinks no punisment as a deterrent from. crime eqnualto transportation, and he considers the atC 16th and 17th Victoria, cap. 93, " m-ast work unfavour. ably when tonbined -with the ticket-of-leave system. TO the -sentiece of trsportation, accordingly, his Lordship desires to rtvey-t. In -this opinion of the tfficacy of trans. p6rtation Sir W. Erle appearsto concur. Sir :. Mayn% confirwathesameview, an1hasmostreluctently arrived A conclusion unfavourable to the operatioa of the act of; 1853; he (spezially objects to the systi rn uf letting mea iooseafterthoraterms of imprisonment The evidencedMr. H. Mi yhew appears to be partly favour ,ble to the new- systemabao XartIv t, tiat-oE trzin 6ortst,o u 'oac 2 -being ma~de or thEe differuic of 'lhara er and dispositions intec ia!stobe deslt 4ith SUInrosEn -MVDutEl -C:n Monday last a co:':Mae- w d down t arive haneg withe h i the grouna and Ibe head just beneAth the surface of tiiq water, OPPOsite the Swan Uotel, Thaines Ditton. T ie body, 'was mnichdeoOMPOGed* aimda argeh Ae was observed on tlice,_ left side of the chlest. yesterda Irig cl s eoiatin was ainade by Mr. c. 3Gaftett XD.T, ait the' -reuest Of the coroner (Mr. Wakley). 'Who found.three ~ oneg wounds in the heart, the luM ng ucl In-cised, -and the dil~ -Phiragm nd liver woundedin theirlefe side. Thr*eedixU%a& ad powerfu stabs must have becn iinlkitedla ab shrk ja strmnellt, asthe sixth and aeveaths 'ribs were hthsIje ftat thirough, and th e we aposi Wa dive d at, leat-!o zins iaie the viscera Of the chest and abdomen. ComjWg4 tk". .eitber'-wbund wu of a character -amlfieles weu 4-flaothe fact that.a i4untityeof- coagUlA -_j,hh cheat and abdomen, and the caeu '- VU of, the, ,doubtanm be dntqWtaied-b,s tt a~ diabolicAl_ r1 wasemmntte~b~soin. one. Th~ el t b' Mit~c,at Ua1)atn.caar. jo!Msd =!n il this bj2 10:ortnat, in crex to di3cover eeD perpetrator oa prptr- t~1p the akct. Tlew.deue&As' is a ahort, -tout, JevwiA~ ~lcmg ma, ~and Mkd 591Jf worth of 1New, South 'Wa-IR notes an his P4t%t hrwith some silvet mvneAq.
f- COUOR' OF 0OMAfOX COUNCIl. _ ~mS3 WILTaAMI P;1YWIC VYT.TTAM1q Xesseray a Court vas beld, thie most interesting beiteas of wbich -wan the presentation- of the freedom of the cetty to the hero of Kars, togethpr -ith a inagnificentb worod, mnanimously voted on the 26th of June. The Court was excessively c.rowded, and several ladies ctvere present. The prc,eedings weze observed with mnarked tatten.ion, which was only interrupted by acClamations aznd clapiPg c .hands. lnmtdiately after the Court assembled General Sir 'William Fenwick Williams was introduced- by Mr. Henry -Wfellingtou VaAlance sard ldermanl Kienedy, the mover and seconder of theresolution. The rnembers of the corporatiorn and the umuerouis vistors received the allant ,Genernl with shou1ts of applause and welcome, aad, aEter tho -usual fotmg were, ,ODe thirough, S:r Josere Kny, the Chamberlain, having read the resolittion of the Court, in presenting thl freedom of the city with the sword, addressed General Sir WIlliaUm enwick Williams as follows :-H onoured Sir,-Among national distinctions, as Ais the freedom of this ancient city, lookedaupon by the country as a sacredly reserved tribuite to great qualities, to the sagmcity of the statesman, the zeal of the philanthropist, the wisdomo of the learned, or the heroism- of the brave, it may fairly admit of question whether on the present occasion the Court is not consulting somewhat its owudignity, or, at least, _T-fether in admitting you to a share of its privileges it does -not r&ceive greater honour than it confers. For, varied as 'were the incdents of the recent war-and theywere stirring -incidents-mAny as were the names associated vith it-and among them are many mighty names-there is one fact .wbch no future historian can by, and it is this^-that to one passage only of his marrative can he.refer . where a glorious incident and a glorious name will *always be associated together (applause)-tell as he -will of that gallant feat which planted the colours of 7European civilization on the heights of Alma-tell as "he ni of the magnificent exploits which have given to Balax:lva and Inkermaunm their imperishable renown(Chees) But in these examples the honour belongs not-to one more thanto another-to the General in command more than to the subaltern in the ranlcs. The only chapter in the history of the Russian war in which a great achievement de bd indissolubly united with a great name will be heaaed "General Sir WliUiam Fenwick Williams and the Defence of Kars.e (Loud. cheering.) It is customary for one occupying my responsible nosition, on admitting a new member to our ancient Gcild, to set forth the gromunds on which we tender this expression of our feeling towards him, and to trace, however imperfectly, the circumstances -which have raised him to that public estimation and dignity of which a place on our municipal roll is the time-honoured sign and seal. Anc dif, in the disharge of this part of my duty, I dwell with marked and almost exclusive emphasis oa events of more recent date, or if, in the prominence I give to such events, I seem to ignore your antecedent - claims upon your country's gratitude, you will par- don me for saying the fault is mnine, not yours. I It is no disparagement of the earlier prowess of a Nelson that we think of him chiefly in connoxion vith the imperishable glory with which Trafalgar - and the Nile have adorned Isis name. Neither mean we any : slight to the memory of the hero of Waterloo when, in gr.titude for his later achievemnmts, we almost forget what -he had previously done for Europe and the world. And, in like manner, easy as it would have been to vindicate . your claim to the present distinction on the ground of your earlier sarvices, yet, since by one crowvning act of skill, - intrepidity, and enidurance yon have thrown vour former self into the shade, yon must not wonder if the city of London-if the acclamations of your countrymen-if the preserved annals of England's brave, hold you up to the admiration of posterity as a model to every conmmander of - a beleaguered fortress-as the immortal hero of Kars. (Loud cheering.) While, therefore, I hope you will not thiuk so rneanly of the intelligence and public spirit of the members of this hon. Court as to suppose them unacquainted with your early scientific services at Gibraltar and Ceylon; or with the circumstances which led to your being selected by the English Governmient to instract the Fubjects of the !oltan in the practice of artillery - or with the reputation for quick and observant powers which during your residence in Southern Europe pointed you out as emsnently qualified for diplomatic servie; or, finally, with that ascendancy over the Eastern mind which, basedas it was 'upon a deep insight into Orientalcharacter, and strengthened as it was by your successful exertions on behalf of the iajured and oppressed, led to your appointment as Commissioner for settling the Turco-Persian boundary (hear, hear)-while, 1 say, I trust you will give us credit for a due appreciation of such eminent services, you will forgive me if I seem rather to concentrate the sympathies of the present audience on the defence of that frontier fortress which you felt to be the key of Asiatic Turkey, and therefore the stronghold of Ottoman independence. And here, Sir, how shall we sufficiently applauLd the vigour, the promptitude the spirit of mnoral determination, which ma.-ked your first entrance into that threatened and endangered town? (Bear, hear.}) How hall we suffliciently impreEs upon all future agents scat out to represent our country on foreifin service that great lesson of your example, that they must be - prepared to rise to the emergencies of the occasion; that there are diseretions which go beyond the letter of all written instructions; and that the man who has not the self-reliance to deal promptly with an uncontemplated difficulty will neither do sonour to the Court that sends him nor benefit the people he goes out to serve ? You, Sir, wese sent out to Kars as a commissioner. You -were to inquire into its state; you were to report on its means of defence- you were to advise with the authorities both at home andat the seat of war as to the steps needful to te taken for protecting the Asiatic possessions of the Porte. But on your arrivalwhat did you find? Soldiers without discipline, officers without courage, a body of faithless and disaffected Armenians in the very heart of the caxnp, and an army of some of the finest troops in the world hastening rapidly to an assault of the town. Breatthes ttere the man who does not see what must have followed if yn.u had been a slave to yourparohments-if you hadParsed to itiquire how is it written an the bond-in a word, it you had stooi looking on at all this misery, and misrule, and demoralization, and paralyzed power, wvhile you were se-dig homeforfresh'mstauctions? (Cheers.) Isteadof thbs, however (to use the words of one of your intelligent and noble coleagues), you determined to commit a bzeach of etio.uette, and save Asia Minor. (Cheers.) Yes, Sir, frcm the diplorsatic agent yOU became a military chief, frcm a comimissoner to inquire into abtses you beciune a reso mer to correct them; and the rebel Kurd as he laid d-an his arms, and the corrupt Pasha as he restored his unrighteous gains, and every official, military and civil, as he stood self-convicted of peculations andf-auds upon the soldiers, became pledges to that disheartened and enfeebled army that the hour of their deliverance had arrived, asuring them that under the rule of Williams Pasha they should have a strong mind to guide their councils and a strong arm to redress their wrongs; and hence, Sir, as friend and foe have been ready to acknowledge, the miraculous change wrought in that army in the course of a few weeks-a change which may be said to have developed new capabilities in the Ottoman natue, vwich transformed feebleness into vigour, sloth into activity, infusing a spirit of soldierly ardour and soldierly endurance into races we are accustomed to regard as the most nerveless and apathetic of mankind. Noble, indeed, were the firstfruits of this military regeneration, as seen in that billiant victory of the 29th of September in which these newly instructed troops, under circumstances of unparalleled difdculty, with all their own ammunition spent, repulsed'40,000 of their assailants, leaving a number nearly equal to the whole of their own forces slaughtered before their walls. (Cheers.) But, Sir, how shall I approach the last scene of thss most eventful history? 7With what mingled feelings of admiration and astonishment, unconcealed indignation and ineffable contempt, has all Europe read the history of the L-at two months which -preceded the surrender of ars! hat. a soul-harrowing task would mine be if I were obliged to recite all that the pitving angels of Heaven saw withinthewaDs of that townand`garnison-of the pestilence slaying its hundreds- daily and, the-famine laying low-its thousands; of- the dogs surfeited with the abundance of the corpsea, and leaving to -the hovering vultures the remainder of theirho;rible banquet; of mothere in wild despair castisog their famishing children at the officers' feet; and of soldiers,withno disease but hunger, just able to creep to a hospital bhd and die. (EHear, hear.) Buct no, Sir, I spare this Court; I spare mvself; but, above all, I spare you all frther reference to this painful subject, only consigning to the death page of military history the perfidy which withheld the needful succour,, and challenging for hin who only yielded when all possibility of relief was gone the approving suffrage of Europe and the lasting benedictionofmankind. (Loudcheers.) Sir,I1willdetainyou no longer than merely to add that if on the hilt of- this sweod,which1ha3venow, inthe name ofthis Court, thc honour of presenting you, anytestimony had beenrequiredcinaddition to the simple words it bears, none more appropriate could be found than that address of your valiant, generous, and noble foe-" General Wllliams, you have made younrelf a name in history, and posterity vvim stand amazed a t;he endurance, the courage, and the discipline which this siege has called forth in the remainder of an army.v et us arrange a c-oitulation which shall satisfy the demands of -ar withouf outraging humnanity." - (Prolonged cheering. Sentiments such as these are equally honourable to hi'n by whom they were uttered and tohim to whosm they were addressed, and, richly deserving tbem as yo do, it is my rayer, and tie prayer of this Court, that it may please m -ni w hose hand our breath is long to preserve your -valuable life, an honour to yourself and an ornament and credit to your couantry. (Loud cheers.) Sir WILLTIAX FM'.iIK WILLIAMss amid great applause, addressed the Court in nearly the following words :---ly Lord 3-lyorl,-If is with feelings of nfeigned gratitude that I receive this sword, accompanied -as it is by the freedom of the great city over which your Lordship so worthily presides.. The-gift is indeed, dear to me ar a soldier; moreover mnuch enhanced by the flattering manner in -which it was prqposed and caconded in council, ard still more so by the gratifyisrecapitulationofmyserviceswhicbhavemarkedthe prcesdings cf this dry. Your Lordhip ad this hon. Court '1istt doubb'tha sincerity of my-sentimentu: when I tell you that, h6evar mush credit yoas mnay award mb for capacity and foreffioght in the .coiad(ct of the campaign of --,ria-aever codial your approvalmva be of the boldne3s .wPh whih I aesd power and the tenacity with which I ;hldthatpower,stil covethat-I owe this mark of yc r high appr tiao; to the support of the band of comparable Xropen o cers and t the heroic conduct of 7 riiluable ia; a-myr oas by -r failto to the lot of.a- General tocomrnand-a courage which entitles the Trdki3h race to the lasting sympathies of freatt Britain sad m tothe earnest and deep solicitude of her present and fature Legis. laeors. (Cheers). Whether I shaU everuse thin s-word in aetive warfare is beyond the power of any man this day to decide. The nations of Europe take breath i-after the concluson of rs sanguinary strugglF, - but they do not disarnL On the con. trary, they are ready to meet each in deadly combat at a weels rnotice. (Cheers.) MylLord, this state ofthings cannot be regarded with indi£ferenco by the people of England. They will, I feel sure, insist upon the preservation of their present military establishments, and thus- avoid the repetition of those dreadful losses and, deep mnortifications which the decay of those institutions and the depres. sion of our military spirit anterior to the late war -brought upon the nation. (lmmense applause.) As I do not and shaUl not hold a plae under this or any future Administration, I shaU ba free to state my views in Parliament, both as to the extent of our armaments I andof the military education of our officers. I shaU do so .with the full conviction that the country will support any reasonable expense towards the formation of a permanent staff which can in peace conduct the aiTirs of the army, and in war secure to the Generals a prompt and scientific exeoution of their plans and conceptions. (Cheers) We have the bravest army in the world, and we have the most chivalrous bana of officers throughout all ranks to command it, but we are totally in want of books of the highest order, -a well as of an institution for the formation of staff officers, without which we must ever remain exposed to the chances of military catastrophes and deep national disgrace .my Lord, I thank you azain for the honour which, under your auspices, I have this dayreceived. (Lonceontinuedapplause.) * The sword,which is of a very beautifu}and original design, was made by Messrs. Wilkinson and Son, of Pall-mall, gun and swvord manufacturers to Hler :Maesty and the HIon. East indiaCompany. It is in design, wvorkuiesnhin, and intrinsic value much superior to the ordinary kind oif presentation-s;words. The gallant General, immediately after the.ceremony, left the court attended by a great number of the Aldermen and Common Councilmen, and roceeded to the Mansion-house to enjoy the hospitality of the Lady Mayoress. The regularly appointed business of the Court was then commenced. THE RECENT !SNDN)ATIO.NS 1X FRANCE The LOnRD MA.YOR read the following communications which had been transmitted to him by the Prefect of the Seine:- "Paris, July 28. My Lord,-In pursuance of the announcement I made to your Lordship in my letter of the 28th of June, I have made known to the MUnicipal Council of Paris that the Corporation of London have, in a spirit smilar to that of the Municipal Council, come to the aid of the victims by the inundations in France. The Municipal Council of Paris, as will be seen by the accompanying minute, has been particularly impressed by the part which the Corporation of London has taken in this movement, and unites with me in sentiments of gratitrude which I have had several times the opportunity of expressing to your Lordship. " I may add that the entire population of Paris partakes of the same grateful feeling towards the inhabitants of London, who nave so generously united with it in the expressions of material sympathy. "Accept, my Lord, the assurance of my high consideration, and of my most distinguished sentiments. "G. HA.uSSANx, the Prefect of the Seine. To the Right Ron. the Lord Mayor of London." (Enclosure.) "Extract from the Procds Verbaux of the Sittings of the Municipal Council of Paris. "Sitting of the 11th of July, 1556. "The Municipal Council receives witlhfeelin of titude the communication which I. le Prefet de n1 Seine has made, by his memorandum of the 2a of July, of the correspondence which has passed between him and the Lord Mayor of the City of London. on the subject of the subseriptio opened in London on the 13th of June last in favour of he sufferers by the inundations in the centre and south of f?rance-a subscription in wvhich the Lord MAyor has taken so prominent a position, and which has furnished to the people of London and to many other towns of England the opportunity of manifesting towards France sentiments of the strongest cordiality. "The Municipal Council has been particularly impressed writh the part wich the Co ration of London has taken directly in this act of liberality. It fully aaheres to the sentiments of gratitude expressed in the answers of M. le Prefet, and resolves that mention be made in the pros-e -erbaux of this adhesion, as well as of the sympathy and satisfaction with which it has received the eommunication of the documents placed before it." Upon the motion of Deyuty DAse, seconded by Mr. ANDERTOr, the commn nications were ordered to be entered npon the minutes of the Court. The LORD MAYOsP-As the intention has been announced of closing the subscription inLondonfor the relief of the suffsrersby the recent inundations in France, I may state that I have already sent there 24q)000Z.; and I trust that, before the subscription entirely closes, I msy be enabled to send 60001. more, smahing a total of 30,0001. (Hear, hear.) CONcSERVANCY OF THaE T (HeaS. The doors of the court were closed dudng an hour while the subject of the conservancy of the Thames was under disu-sion. EsLECTION OF CHIEF CLsRs OF TaE ScnrSs' COURT. This being the day fLxed for the election of the Chief Clerk of the Sheriffis' Cout, in the place of Mr. Wilkinson who lately retired, there was a large attendance of members when that business was called on. There were six candidates for the office, one of whom was Mr. Gresham, a, member of the Court. On the name of thisgentleman being called, Deputy HARRISON called the attention of the Court to the following (the second) standing order :-" No uerson shall be allowed to be a candidate for any office or place in the gift or appointment of this Court who is a member of thi Court, or who has been so within three calendar menths of the day of election, unless the office or place has become vacant since such person ceased to be a member of the Court." Mr. BAIuaY moved that the standing order be suspended. Mr. PEAD seconded the motion. Mr. T. HL HALL moved, as an amendment, " That the second standing order is calculated to preserve the integrity of this Court, and that to suspend or rescind the same will be to remove the bulwark essential to the protection of its members in the pure and disinterested discharge of their duties, and would also have a tendency to withdraw from this Court the confidence of their fellow- citizens." Mr. T. H. FRY seconded the amendment, which, after a discussion, in which many memrbers took part, was carried bya majority of 70 to 27. A show of hands was then taken for each of ths remaining five candid.ates, when TIhe Lon MAYOtRo declared Mr. Osgood duly elected. THE CITY OF LON'DON CEE1BTERY. Deputy PEAcocK moved that the report of the Commissioners of Sewers upon the subject of the cemetery (which appeared in our columns a few days ago) be adopted. After a lorg discussion, for which, on account of the lateness of the hour at which the proceedings terminated, we have not rcom rto-day, the report was adopted by an overwhelminz majority.
THE MUNICH GALLRY. TO THE EDITOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-I was at Munich the other day, and was so mnoh satisfied with the new gallery which has been recently opened there for modeln pictures that I am anxious to caU public attention to it, as an example of perfect success in one of the most important points connected with th- exhibition of pictures, and as being generaUy well worthy of our attentive consideration in referenoe to our proposed new National Galler. It is an oblong building, with entrance-hall and staircase at one end. Down the middle is a suite of large and lofty rooms for large pictures, and on each side is a series of simal rooms for small ictures-one series having side light, the other roof light, like the large rooms. The arrangements are thus something similar to those in the gallery for old masters atMunich, and ia that recently hult at Dresden, but with a very important improvement o bot-viz., the addlition of the series of sxmall rooms. ,with roof light. The rooms tir6 all handjsme ando iell iroportioned, but the point to w.hich above *Il, others I would call attenlion is the excellence of the light, especially in the large rooms; it is ample, equal, and entirely without glare, and there is no reflection whatever from the surface of the pictres; indeed, with the single exception of those in the ralon Carr4 or Tribune, as f believe it is now called, in the LuvYre, I have never before seen pictures so well. It is not for me to attempt to point out the princp les of construction hy the application of which so succesif a resuit bas been arrived at ; all I- wish to do is to call attention to the fact, in the hope t;hastU tihosewhohave the chaTg e of such matters for Us may be induced, to avail themselvea of. what is to be learned from the excellent example I mention and thus give themselves every chance of building us ag lery worthy of the many fine pictures we have to put init lam,. sir. we,l-rmcal. ahAnre HUfGE IFUME CAMREBRL. amnsoot Homburg, Jtily 2W.
THE MARY GRAHAM.-ROSMPSON v. HOPPBP. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhlES: Sir,-I observe that in the report of this case in l7&e Times it is erroneously stated that a verdict was found for the defendant; the fact is that a verdict was fAund for the plaintiffs on alfl the issues, a bill of exceptions being -tendered by the defendant to the ruling of thajudge on the issues rased by the first and fourth pleas. As this case is~ one of some importance to the mercantile commuity, I trust you wzill give this communication a place in your Icolumnns. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. TIE ?LARNTIF' ATTOPNR. zur-umata"mlyw. ,
TO THE EDITOR O.F THE TIMES Sir,-I perceive a letter in gour colmns from the Bishop of Bath and Wells concerning a reference- made by me, during the late proceedings at Bath, to, his 'lOdships charge..-, - I made that reference on Saturday upon informatiorn furaisbed to me while I.vas speaking by a- person, who added hat he had heard the chauge. I rtated at the sans time that I had no knowvledge of -the factmyself, hut vwoud pro-. culro the charge as soon as possible, and deliver the same .to the Court.1 - - I obtained it on the Monday, and delivered it-to the, .Court UIt ayrmong. - TbNe matter being odkuc *uo .Auice, I sag no mnore. - ~ lam. Eir. sour nbe:wni rnt - - I ItO RTPmZIMORr- x-rwThcommons, JgIy 3]. i
LAW BEPORZ'. COURT OF CHAORY. 1 Tv.mT .T.m.v 21 ARIN-.t V. rTiLVFRTtJc- (Before a1 i LORD CIANCELLO! . 1wi be recollected that this appeal from Vice-Chanicellor Wood was before his Lordship a short time back. The plaintiff, who is the manufacturer of the celebrated 1au le Cologne, songht by his bin to restrain the defendant from printing 0se sing bZle-wrappers haviga sin ar inEcriptiOn to those in use by the planif The Vice-Chair-cellorgranted the injunction asked, bub his Lordshijp reversed Oat decision, and declined to interfere with the legal rights of the parties~, inasmuch as there was nothing to show that the defendant might nob have sold the envelopes for a perfectly legal purpose. ldr. DANEL this morning asked that the case might br -placed in his Lordship's paper to be spoken to, wtho the view of drawing the attentionx of the Court to - portion of the evidencecalculated in his (Mr. Daniers) opinion, to clear up the point upon wbich his Lordshi& judgment had pfo; ceeded. Lrsi' wgethdpo The LORi CKUNCELLOR said, the application looked to him very much like an attempt to obtain a rehearing. The case might be placed in the paper, but if, upon its -coming on a, e soke to itshold urnoutto e a rehearing he should decline to r/eopen t°hle at3tner onitsmerits, ai d refuse t-he application with Costs. Mr. D~iAin}B under these circumnstances, elected not to -have the case put in the paper.: BYIAlD2 V. BRANDON. This part-heard motion to set aside an order of this Court to rehear a decree made in the year 1825 was then resumed. The allegation for the rehearing was, that there was a palpable error in the decree oit the face of it ; hile the casfor the opponents to a rehearing was, that the supposed error arose from design and agreement between the parties. The Lo0BD CI MRCELOR said, he might at once dispose of that branch of the argument relating to the lapse of time. There was no rule of law preventing this Court from rehearing a case on the groumd of the great length of time since its judgment was pronounced. There was nothing to prevent a Court altering its judgment during the term in which it wvas heard, and as from Adam down to the present time, comparatively speaking; might be,considered one term of thi Court there was not hing on that score to prevent a rehearing. Each case must depend upon its circumstances, and therefore, before d' Ong of the present one upon its merits, which he would do in a few days, he mnst take an opportunity of lookn'g through the papers. (Before the LorDms eTusTicS of APpm&.) EN PARTE WtRYGHTF, fl- RtE MARE BOYD. Mfr. BAcoN said, he was instructed to apply that the futher hearing of this appeal might he postponed until after the long vacation. Lord Justice onIG:T ERxc wis hed to know whether the-other side agreed in this application ? hI-. DANImL was willing that the case should stand over. Lomd Justice FIraxGT BRiCE-But, Mr Daniel, you have already for three or four days addressed the Court; not for entire days I admit; but if the case is to ba opened again mninovember we shall never reach anything else. It has a sempiternal appearanoe. hlr. BACON observed that both sides were equally desirous that the case should stand over. An order vas then made that the further hearing should be continued in Mfichrelmas Term next
VICE-CANCELWRS' COURTS. HIITRnAV .Tm.v l WYLD V. FORSTE:R. I (H0°re WCtOIhanunO" Sir 1L T. TmpsuvRi-- | -Ama 0e1 was Isie4 for an account bY the owner of a portion of a piece of land called "the Talbots," between Birtion and Wolverhamnpton, under these circumstances:-It a peared that the plaintiff, beiDng the owner of a moiety of the land in question, deposited certain deeds relating to it to eecure 1601. and interest with one Simcox, who transferred all his iaterest in the plaintiff's moiety to the defendants, the occupiers of the Cbillington mines, which adjoined " the Talbot, ' and, as the bill alleged, they had worked under such land by means of their own shafts, and had gotten therefrom quantities of coal of different kinds, as well as ironstone, and that, by mneans of these works, certain cot. tages standing on the Talbots had fallen into decay, been removed, and the materials used by the defendants, who bad likewise removed the surface soil of the gardens, and filled up the chasm thus formed with saLg. On the other hand, the defendants denied that the cottages bad fallen by reason of any works of theirs, but by those of other persons; neither were the min'es productive, as ;was alleged, adteweeready to account. 3f awe and Mr. H. Bagshawe appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Giase and 'Mr. lienshaw appeared for the Air. BAoSIHAWE was heard in repl. The VIcE-CACCEnLoR reserved his decison. LYALL V. P,iTON. This petition raised the question whether the domicile of tthe testator in the cause was in India or in England, and a further question resting upon that, as to whet her legacy duty was payable upon property bequeated by his will. The testator was a Scotchman, and started forIndia in 1807, was taken by a French privateer and imprisoned at Verdun until 1S14, when he was released and proceeded to Calcutta, where he resided till 1S36, having amassed considerable property and nade a will ; when from bad health he started to return to this country, but died on the voyage, The will was proved in India, but there being a smal porton of property belonging to him in this country dsu personal repTesentative gave a power of attorney in respect of that property. 'Under these circumstances, the CrownL clainedlegacy duty, on the ground that, there being no evidence to show what the testator's intention was, the probabilitywas that, having realized a fortune, and being in had healeh, he inltended to-come to EngLand, and not to leave it again, and therefore he had abandoned his p drevious domicile, and his domicile of origin re- Mr. ANDnsox and Mr. T. STvEEsS appeared in support of the petition, and contended that the domicile was AngloIndian. Mr. Hanson appeared for the Crown. Mr. ANWRnxsoX was heard in reply. The VICE-CHANCELLOP. said that he would give his opinion upon this case to-morrow (this day), immediately alter another case of the same nature ("Attorney-General v. Fitzgerald"), upon which he had also reserved his decision. (Before Vice-ChamtceUor Sir W. P. WO0D.) n THE 3XArR OF THE GREAT CAMBRIsAN U5225G ANTD QUARiYniG CO0IP\Y_.-EO0WEN'S CASP. This was a motion by way of appeal from the decision of the Chief Clerk, who hadsEettled Mr. Bowen on the list of contributories in this companv. which was now being wound Up iP chambers, in respect ot 770 shares. Mr. Bowen also moved that the order of the Chief Clerk, directing a call of 10s. yer share to be made on all the contributories, might be discharged or reversed so far as respected himself. The affairs of this company have already been before the Court upon several occasiors, chiefly upon applications by persons to have their names expunged from the list of con tributores, as settled by the Chief Clerk in the course of the proceedings under the windimg-r,p order. The company wasformed upon the cost-book principle in 1853, having been projected by a Mr. P. W. Carter, who sold his interest as lessee in the mining property proposed to be worked -to the - company, in consideration of 10,0601., of which 2,0001. was to be paid in money, the remaining 8,0001. in free shares. Mfr. Bowen was appointed secretary of the company in April, 1853, and continued to act in that capacity until the company was dissolved in the spring of 1855. The grounds upon which Mr. Bowen had been placed upon the list of contributories were, that his name apueared in the costbook as signed for 150 shares, and that he was also, a holder of 620 scrip certificates for shares, in respect of which last he bad not signed the cost-book. In settling the hst of contributorieF in chambers, Mr. Bowen had been examined on behalf of the official manager, and, after stating certain circumstances as to the formation of the company. said that he had handed certain shares (free) to the diiectors bv Carter's directions, such shares never having been in Carter's possession; that he had received some shares from Carter, there being some special arrangements between them not connected with the company; that he had the disposal of 620 shares, part of the shares issued to Carter for the purchase money, but they were not in Carter's possession; that he could not say when he received the 620 shares, but did not receive them before June, 1854; that he had signed the cost-book for 100 shares (the figures to which the signature of Bowen was attached were 150); that the figures 150 were his, and he did therefore sign for .150, but the numbers of the certificates showed he had only 100, and that the 150 was only nominal, to make up the number for Ai. meeting ; that it was after this he had the 620, and he did notknow whether the 620 included those for which the book was signed; the signature was not a real transaction; thAt although Carter signed for 8,000 shares he never received them; that the counterfoils ought to show to whom shares were issued, and that the words "Account 0. B." on the counterfoils nieant they were the shares he held. The Chief Clerk, after hearing the examination of Mr. Bowen, fron which the above statenments are extracted, included him in the list of contributories for 770 shares, in reversd of whichdecisionthe present motion was brought. YMr. Bowen had, in an affidavit made by him, also statedthat in July, 154,hehadbeen presented by Catterwith 20certificates, representing five shares each, numbered 803 to 822, and together representing 100 shares, in respect whereof he had signed the cost-book, but he had since discoveredthat 10 was erroneously inserted instead of 100. He also stated that, in the same month, hehad sold the certificates for 103 shares to r. HIill on account of a Mr. Ieese. and that Hill had accented the shares end signed the book in respect of them, whereby he was recognized as a shareholder in place of Bowen. fr. BovT and Mr. LococE WEB3, in support of the motion, contended that as to the 1350 shares appearing in the cost-book against Bowen's namne, 50 had-been added bymaistake- while as to the 100, he was discharged from all liabiAty, having disposed of them to, and got the book Eigned by, HMA on behalf of Leese, who had been made liable in resnect of them. As to the 620 scrip certificates, a Bowen had never signed the book, and therefore, according to the rules of the company, was not liable as a shareholder, there being no priity between himself and the company. - - Mr. JDMIEL and Mr. RoxnuunEGL for the offlicimanager, upheld the decision of the chief- clerk, and -contended that the7issueof 100 shares to leese was a distinct transaction, and that Bowen must be held bound by ids signature for 150,which he sought in his examinatin to represent as a fictitious trAnsaction, to give colour to an issue of share_.w]Acb badimi the previous caes-arising out of this matter-a3ffected the position of allottees taking bondfide. As to thi O-20 Ecp ertificates, which he admitted had been irssed tihim, and in his possession, the signature for the previous shares bound himn, and he coulcl not therefore escape from his liability as a contzibutor. The VIC;-CHEACZLLOR sAid that the most painful part in the case was the doubt which arose upon the ctrcumstances now disclosed, as to whether Hawkinss aase had been rightly decided, the defence in that cuse bein, that the evidle scheipe o-wa frauwdulet anhd bubble. }f Bowen'e the property snde,rasgeinet to buy eight directors at parl7inshre, nd tissaeof thigs 'which wr nnotans evidence inaku~ 3 ca1e, 00@ Qo ldhuL great nugvina .As-to' th'e- liability, of Briwen, he' -_decied to state --h -persondL._.dealings -witlr Osrter, and it_Was not- as in.too much- to 34~ Thait the. arrangement 'with Usr4er adverted to in' -Bowei&. evidence wyaz psrt of the arrangemen6ts of this compiny-. It wa&settied thst if any sharenolder -who 'was on the lit,* h%*vngaignid the18 book bon4 Adze, handed over hnis scrip certificates to another, there was no contract betweent that other perrDon and the company, so as to fLx himi 'with liability, and the question was wvhether, upon the whole'evidenoe, he t~as not at liberty to deea with the transaction as to the 62-0 sares as a contract betwe-en Bowen and the cotnpanysto as'tofix himn -with liability in repect ef them. His I onour, after adverting to the statements of BowFeri in his examination, said that lie wss of opinion that anz issue of 620 shares to Bowen 'with the privity of the company was established in the transaction; which was a very; fraudulent one, and: be.:must -be included on the Tegiste~r in. respect of them. With respect to the 15 Ehare, Bowens oDntended that it -was a miiistake, arid that it was not a ree transaction. UOL w;as learly, however, a ehareholder upRhbokorfOasted- reany was not explamned. Then he said 'that he ha odto Hill in respect of Leese the 100) share, for- which he had signed the book, and it did ap- per(as stated by Mr.' Bolt) that the 100. shares .822 repeseting the cricat-es for fIve shares each, for which owen hadhee.Ncharged, had found t-heir way to Leese, 'who bad been made a contributo'ry 'mn respect of thm ould not allow two persons: to be nrsde contri'. butories in respect of the same shxres~rad !,lr. :Bowcn would bolct on the list for ~670 shares only, -with liberty toth 17omlc' maInaerto carry in aniother claim -to s.urcharge. Ter wol be an inquiry as to what was d.e to Bown,, as secretary, by wa~ of set off to the ciii.
IMSOLVEN DEBTORS' COURT, Jijy 31L IT RE SOPHA IMLKDIM (Bfom ArF. f nmiav,n pmnT. ....S nis nsolvent was disoarged by this Court in 1812, at 'wbiol peiiod sbo undertook to pay, for the benefit of the creditors, 8. a-year from a pension of 504. which she recdved from the Government. Those payments have beea hitherto regularly paid, and by their means the creditors have received dividends asnAoutmg on the whole to16s. 24d. in the pound. The insolvezit, being nearly 90 years of -ge and almost blind, now prayed that the dedaction from her gnsion might cease, as aer advanced ye and infirur Con- iti.. renderedi it necessary for her to have tha assistace of another person. r hfr. -Commissioner THMInPS granted , rni.e npoa the creditozs, 'which Was n2ade absolute to-day (no canse bi ng shown), for the rescinding of the order to pay 8. par annun nto court.
8sUMAER ASSrZES. WES;TFNRV fTR.T(rwr BOD321N, WEDI1EESAY. JULY .0. I.siowri UOURVT.-jreJorre .5 . LrOnMAs.Ti.) Ilary n Roberts was indicted for the wilful murder of. her infant child on the 234 of March last at Calstock. : Milr. Bullar was counsel for the prosecution; ard 31r. Carter defended the prisoner. The facts of the case were very brief. The prisoner was a married woman, and at the timic the offence charged ws committed her husband, wlo had been absent three years, was abouttoreturn, and this was knownto the prisoner, who wasthenpregnant, audoE courseshehad awishto concealfrom the 'inowledge of herhushand thefact of herpregnaucy. The pris nsr was in the habit of dleeping with a woman named hmllheram. They wentb to bed together on the night of the 234 of March. About 40'clock the next morning the prisoner awoke Smitheram, telling herthat her fatherhad called her. Smitheram said she should not getup yet, and wena to sleep again. In about anhourshe awoke and found the prisoner crying. She asked her what was the matter ! and she said "Nothing." In afew minutes Smitheram heard a noise as if sometning was cholding in the red. There were two children in the bed. Smitheram said, "Mrs. Roberts, here's Billy choking." The prisoner sid, "No, he is only catclhng his breath, as he does sometimes.' The prisoner then got out of bed, and said, "'I must go downstairs, and I mnay as -wellgo first as lsat." tAs the prisoner was going downstairs Smitheram heard a braby cry, a7nd then heard tho noise of choking again. Smitheram called to her to come to bed, and she answered that that was the second time she had been downstairs, and she came to the bottom of the stairs and said, " Pve got a child, annd for God's sake never split !" The prisoner came up three stairs, and then fell back. Snitheram then shlieked out, and the prisoners mother, who lived next door, called out, "What's the matter ?" The prisoner camie up into the room with the help ol Smitheram, who'had gone downstairs to her, and said, "Say nothing." The prisoner got into bed and said, "Mary, come to bed; and soon we will get up and do the work, and wshat you don't do T wrill." Snmitueram said, "I Tan't" a nd she put on her clothes and went to the pri'soners mother's house. Before this happened. Smitheram had frequently told the prisoner she believed her to bein the familyway, but the prisoner denied it, and said she should not be so- ntil her husband returned. It appeared that the husband had been home four days before this happened, and the prisoner did not sleep with Smitheram durng those nights. Her husband had gone away on the preceding day. The prisoner was very young, and had three children, to whom she was always very ind. On that morning a woman named JTennings was called to go t,o the prisoner's house. On getting there she saw the dead body of a child lping on the fioor of the Idtchen before the fire. The prisoner asked her to wash it, which Jennings did, and then put it in a cloth, and laid it on the table in the bedroom. There was a little mark on the frontart of the neck It was something like a braise; the skin vias not broken. There was a scar on the chest. Jennings asked the prisoner how she was, and she said he was very bad. Jennings said, " Oh ! Mrs. Roberts, how came you to have a child like this r" The prisoner said " I never done niothing to it; I never touched it." Jennings ssid that a delivery in the night was very painful and distressing, and a woman was hardly mistress of herself. Henry Tlurner Wood.-I am a surgeon. On Monday, the 24th of March, I went to the prisoner's house and saw the prisoner in bed, and the body of a child in -the cradle. Onthe Wednesdayfollowine I want there again with Mr. Sleeman, a surgeon. The body of a child was brought to us by the mother of the prisoner. I found it was the body of a full-grown male child; its weight was Q1lb. It was not prematurely born. The features were swollen and livid, particularly about the lips. There were several scratches upon the chest and neck and face. They were circular cuts. There was a large bruise on the front par of the neck, extending three inches. I divided the skin over the bruised surface, and found it loaded with blood underneath. I found that respiration had fully taken place. The lungs were inllated. The brain was congested, sufficiently so to cause death. There was nothing particular in the windpipe. My opinion is that the death was caused by the congestion of the brain arising from the pressure on the neck preventing respiration. My opinion is that thoprespure on the neck took place after the birth of the child and after the inflation of the langs. By the JuDGn.-It was possible that the pressure on the neck might have been done by the mother during the delivery. Croysexamined.-The bruise was on the part where it might be if a mother assisted herself in her own delive-y. It was not the most convenient part. A child may breathe uartially before it is separated from the mother, and it may c ry immedistely the head is born. Strong spasmod ic action takes place during delivery. It is common to put something in the hsnds of women to grasp to prevent their injuring themselves or the child. Richard Sleeman.-I am a Fellow of the College of Surgeons. I was present at the examination of the body. It was a large child, not prematurely born. I was struck with a mark about the neck, the lividity of the face, and several marks of violence in the face, under the left ear, on the front and side of the chest, probably produced by finger nails. The surface of the brain was highly eongested; I formed a decided opinion as to the cause oi death -strangulation or suffocation, produced after the complete birth, after the removal of the child from the mother. There was a mark on the lower part of the neck; a bruise, not superficial, but deeper parts involved. There was considerable lividity on tI.e neck. The integaments beneath the skin under the bruise were livid. The death certainly was not occasioned in the delivery of the child. My reason for that opinion is the state of the lungs. Everything combined proves that respiration had- been fullv established. The co^ngestion of the brin was the consequence of the prressure on the neck. Cross-exa uned.-Iam sorry to say I'have no doubt death was eaused by stra.sgulatiom. The bruise under the r,eck was about half an inch in length; certainly it vas not three inches long. I was not be-for'the ma;gistrates or- the coroner. Mr. CAsP.TruB submitted that there was no case to go to tho jury. The JunDG said, after the evidence of Msr. Wood he was of that opinion; but after hearing Mr.; Sleemna he felt he could not stop the case. M{r. CARTEIe then addressed the jury for the prisoner. The JrDGn, however, stopped tke learned counsel, and said he could not say there-was no evidence. Yet he thought it was quite insufficient to support the charge of murder. It was a very doubtful matter whether it was so or not, and juries vere not im the habit of convicting except the evidence was clear and distinct. The jury 6buld there4ore return a zvordict of not guilty. The jury, however, considered some little time beforethey retunned their verdict. Ultimately they gave a verdict of Noft Guilty. We may say that Mr. Colerid-e was the atal retained counsel for the prosecution, butMleit it on account of being junior in a civil cause, and Mr. Bullar conducted the case or him in his absence.
NOW Tr-F.P flTRflTTPR --- - NEWCASTLE. JULY 30. .L- m0ornmg notn ntflxeamed euogessa-lor tness±or causes at tbe Moot-hal]. (Beforc Mtr. Baron BRA .W L. MEDC.AIE V. SCOTT. This vras an action of ejectment, - iS which the znain issue was ais to the ability of a snia pamed I[)&ViS to -make a wiILl * r. Knowles, Q.i.,and Mr. IJnthank appeared for the. plaintiff; :hr. Temple, Q.C., and3Ir.-LaWisfor the: delendant. , . Tbe deceased, Thomas Davis, it appeared was eutitle&to ere-thirdofsome house propertvinNorth Shields,called the Dark Stairs, of which- his- iiter, ws owner of iwo-. _thirds. Tho sister,-after tho death of Thomas Davis- claimed -$he woho-of the prpperty, and conjeyedit to the defendant in -ooisideration of 3 . and an any'uIty of low. a.year. The deceased, ThomasDavis, who died in1849g-made a will before his death, by which he gave the ore-third-of the propertf in quesion to the plbrai; who nw brought his actio f ejectment-to recover mssiot.-a ±hcTw_perty. The defenoe sei up inutak -he decased at ihe-time.of his death and vlr et}jde .'i r wU a inoompetebt to -mase a will-4h4 lag >gg .' w s sl4y,.and 5ot o4lao and and disposing snilt - *Several witnei s bel4a{- of the plasntsifflarig een cadled, tho 9e 9f th d.aeaed as a tearkly whldmana3ho aisig a#bleio masag isan faiAia <asid the surgon Who atlenaedM in his 34ba iles habing gill, the same evidence, The leartierdeed,t ------ m ise nd a v*dict was'i.kenlo-tepiu,Mj- tenn.Fe u' Y,ic } for tlae plaintiIt aubj;eelto -cxont~ - T DV. WAKE.-: - Tbig VW WWaction oa AontraCt for ihe parehagie of d :uantity, Of a nitg-hei breaches alleged being, frst, that 4e_*Xtke-XePPlia*A8ns O' sinUltsat all. a" eq6irj that it was not a5oor&lg to sample mr. pickering, Q-C., Mr. -ThP., 0on, i r. :T Atkinson, appeared for the plaintiff;- Mrl dard JamrsT Q.C., and Mr. Crose, forthe defendant-. . The particulars of this action not inaptly illustrate tbo wpo hich trade appeas inow to be arined on in thlis COuntry. The >plasntit It appeared, is a di;ler fn guano and manusesu atHull, and In a pamphlet, publiahedby himself,- desoribes hs place -of- bussines "esta blishefor heproteoof e Brti8hfarmerAgainat frsid an.R adultersties in seed cakewand manures,m.." and himself as "the leading -mm of tho day. for turnipmanure." The defendant is a brolker and general dealer at Hul, and formerly carried on business with a Mr. Hamilton. The pIsintiff ws paced in the witnes-box, And swore that ho entered into contraoct to rch two quantiti: 'of bestSaxonysmalt;, bfthe b=rand.TF F E, from' the defendant, amountiginvlue-tom rabut ct. Smralti itap4 pmred, is amanufacture of a fine blue colour, consisting of sirica pogtasb, and oxide of- coWbalt; -that hich gSviesIt alue being the oobalt, -and it is used in nmaufactures for the purpose of colouring gliss 'blue, and for colouinng porcel.WK It is also used for wz!kinv inen. The plaintiff said he was to give 1Md and 7Td er lb. forthatwhich he purchased. The article which li got from the defendant ws branded F.F FF E, bnt wanuot smalts at all, but whiiing coloured blue, without a partide ofcobalt in it- and he complaned that the ale of it had done him great injury. On crbo-esaeiination it appearbd that the plaintiff hal been defendant in an action at Yotk Assizes, in which the preeent defendant was plaintiff; 1h4 hoehia sold the present defendant a qiuantity of Pernvian guano, which trned out not to have a paricle of the com' ponent parts of guano init, and Which was in fata cornpound of shoddy and sand, and that he had lost his Terdict, and been obliged -to pay about 1004, damge for thIs-in the language of the Civil side of the Court--"breach of contract." it asio Appeared, On C cross examination of the pkinti t'hat he had sol,i most of the anmalts in question at 8d..i)., and lOa in the pouid aandhadbad none of itaturned lathough he had hadcom, lainta of it, and that he had represented to those to whom e.nad.oldit thatithad been "consigned" to him. Itwas also shown that the plaintiff had had Another dispute with the dofendant tbout the Bale of some animal cbmroal. w'hick was mot what it was represented to-be; that-theyhad settled this dispute by arbitration, and head agreed to set off the breach of contract as to the smalts aainst the breach -of contract s to the guano, and that thepaintiffhad given the defendant a receipt in fnU of all demandsa A subequent disagreement had, however, led the defendant to commuence, an action at York about the gueno, and the plaintiff nowr had his cross action aboutthe smalts at these ases. It was| then proved that good smlts of the quality branded was worth 1fd. per lb. rholesdae, and 2s. per lb. to retail, while the article sold by the defendant to the plaintiff as sisalts Ws worth only Ild. per lb. wholesale, anu about 3d per lb. retail, to colour walls with, though it was sometimes used for waig puoses and was called washing blue. It chiefly conssted of silica andlime. Muriatic acid entirely took the colourout, while it did not at al affect the genuine article, and for manufacturing rposes it was worthless. Forthe defenceit was contended.thit the pLkintiff knew perfectly well the hind of article he was buying, and had tested it with acid at the time; that his answers in the witness-bor showed him to be unworthy of credit, and the receipt in full of all demands was relied upon as an answer to this action. Witnesses were then called to prove these facts, and 2fr. Plhc G havingreplied, Bis LORDSIIP summed Up, telling the jury that the receipt in fll of all demands appeared to have been liven on the understanding that the guano transaction shoud be set offagainst the transaction in sma'ts, and the defendant having got the receipt then brought his action for the deliveiyofshoddyand sand to him instead ofXgnano. The. p resenltaction must be decidedon the general principles oflavw whatever their opinion might beeof the pLainsiff or defendant. Itwas clear the article sold as smalts ws not smialts, andtheplsiniffwas entitled torcoverthe difference in value. The jury found a verdict for the plaintifffor the amount claiined. Mr. Justice Willes was occupied all day in trying along. pedigree case, which 'wa not concluded when the Coourt adiourned.
NfO7?FnT.it flMfqTrv 1NORWICH. WVDWnESnAV.A T JM. .3. NISI PIUrs COUrT.-<BcfOrc Mt- Justicc COnuDGE and Special JIuiess) SJOORE V. WEB% Mr. Prendergast, Mr. Serjeant Wells, and Mr. Burcham, were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Byles, Aft. O'Mlley, and Mr. Couch appeared for the defendant. This caluse, which wass mentioned yesterday, s resumed t;his morning. The ilaintff ies a; large-tenant of teS alof Ashburnham, occupying the Holyoakc Frm, near Stowmarket. The defendant is the owvner of some extensive tanpits and felling premises, and this ws an action in which the plaintiff; alleging thathe bad the night to enjoy tbewatersofa certin brook, unpollted, whiclh ranthrogh hisfarm, comrlaned, by his delaaton, that thedefendantliadpollutedtle ame, and rendered them unfit for the puspo3es of his farm. The defendant, among other pleas, set upI an immemorial right to use the waters of t'he said brook for the purposes of his trade as a tanner and fellmonger, and he also justified [the' alleged grdevances undei a 40 an4 20 yeas user. w these pleasthe defendant replied-"'eaceess It apered from the evidenoe of 3fr. fMoore and his various witnesses that he had been in occupatioh of Holyoak farm -for 36 years, during s11 which time, and as far bhek indeed as could be traced, there had existed v.tanpit on the premises of Mr. Webb andthose-under whom he dcaimed, -which was worked by the waters bf a brook, flowing freelyin awinter, but oftendiled aup in snmmer, except where in its course through Mr. Moore's meadows it reoeived supplies from several springs near -its banks. Theright advanced by the defendant to use this brook, both for the supply of water for the tanning mid felin-ongering trades, and to return such water, polluted to some extent, back into the channel, was admitted; but it was alleged thst though that original user wasobjectionable, the nuisance arising from the user of modern times Lhad increased to such an extent as to be altogether intolerable, In former times the stream was generally ponr enough for the use of cattle and for human use aud for washing, though at times, when the tanpit was emptied, the water was somewhat offensive. . irce the defendant, however, had purchased the property and had extended his trade, the brook had become an intolerable nuisance, except at very rare intervals indeed. The cattle refusel to drink even at the springs, aud the pollution of the stream could be traced much below the plaintiff's farm, and even after the brook had entered a milatream. Under these circumstances the meadows through which this once limpid stream meamdered were all but profitless to the plaintiff, who made various complaints and suggestions to the defendant. These were always met in the most friendly spirit by Mr. Webb, who professed his anxiety to adopt any plan which could obviate the evil. Inthis spirithesunkan Artesianwell inhis yard, and kept back the waters of the stream. All his devicds, however, were fraitless, and this -action was at length brought. The witnesses for the plaintiff were cross-examined wfth the view of eliciting the facts necessary to the support of the defendant's pleas; and at the close of the pLintiff's Case- Mr. Serleant BYra sunbmitted to his Lordship that the defendant was entitled to the verdict as the facts then stood; for the three speoial pleas appeared to have Ween each and all suhstantb4od by the witnesses called for the plaintiff, while the new assignment of excess was entirely disproved. Mr. PREPNDERGAST and Mr. %erjeantWXLns having declined to amend the record, argued that the plaintiff *as entitled to the verdict on the new assignment. After a lengthened "war of words," however, hir. Jostice Co}EA1DGI said, that he entirely agreedwith the view of the record and the evidenco -which had bWen advancedinathe objectionof Mr. SerjeantByles, andthoughhe was reluctant to stop the cause, which was of suc vast importance to both parties, he felt so strongly on the point that he thought it -was- his duty to decide at once that the verdict ought to be entered for the defendant on the three last please, which went to the wrhole action. -A verdict was accordingly taken for the defendant. -VE . TaE NORFOLK AD THs EASTERN S COIrS AIUWA CO7AirsEsuM. Mr. O'Maley and Mr. Conch were counsel for the pintff; Mr. Serjeant Byles and lir. Tozer appeared for the Bern Counties Railway Conpany; Mr. Serjeant Wells ind Mr. Dasent appeared for the NorEolk Railway Company. This was an action brought hy the Commisioners of Yarmouth Harbour in the name of their-clerk, pursuant to the direction of the Masterof the Rolls, in which the plaintiff comnlained that the defendants had wrongfullydiverted and absracted the waters of the rivers Yare or Wuensmn and Waveney, which of- right ought to flow into and through Yarmouth Harour, and had turned, the same into Lake Iothing, and - thence into the ea, through lowestoft harbour. The cause might therefore well be entitled, " Yarmouth v. Lowcstoft." - Fromthe opening statement ofthe learmed counseiforthe plaintiff it appeared that the two great rivers of Norfolk and Suffolk, -the Yare or Wensum and the Waveney, united in a large sheet of water called -Bragdon,- about seven niiles above Yarmouth, and were joined by the Bore, about three -niles above Yarmouth . The Yare;Jows through Norwich, and the Waveney,-in its coorsei trough-Suffolk tomiieet tbe sare, approaches -withinfour nmiles of -the sea at-ovwestof, therebein between them a larue lake ctaled Lake Lothin, wbichgby means oE a sheet of hilter and dgke, called Oulton Broad and Oulton Doke, 'drained-into hie Wa yenejt Tbei f fiarbour of Yarmoxtb, therefo-e, '-derived -great benefit, if not its very mistence as a deep-water-liavbein, from the fact that these rivers and waters were necesarily -oured into the ocean; thrsugh that one mouth, and so long ack as the reign of- harles It commiseosershad Ibeen aippointed to watch oeer,andprotectit-andthem. 'lIe 827a. projetits-former au:derSthe 'usp of SiriW. Cabitt for the fornation of IhVr,,irofrefuge at Lowestoft, whichl might also combine the advantage of-opening a -dir-ect water oomdmi*tion -with Nofwich by naig.S -cormmunication between tlie sea and Lales Lathing (the intervening beach being ornly a fewyards in widbh),-and -again between the rivers -Yare ~-and---Waveney- by-a eut' at two pcoints, where they- a>pproached ' within .two miles of eech - other, -whilef thhrd -cut w pr posed in the Yare near ?forwich. An act- was accordingly psased, 7th and 5th of George IVJ chap.. 43, estalishn ascompny, aI;ed " tbeMiorwich and Low estoft - avigatior" uld at tlreinoe of tCeinnilesioners of Great YTAronth the new compay were bond, -by tion to fose 'and maintain locks at Mut1ord-bridi wrI*k kwpatestheaf - of the Ysie--are asia p erisig the fr he u6eof Yaoiontj Habqr,ai- of-k.epin out the wterso tbceea, 'whiclh -woaW ter#wis flood nI the low lajds JA bigh-wat5i,. The thia section of the same act moreover, reskained ti tnwf cmWn y o veitircrtig "ri any- c ta a -of the arYe mad Wwveey, nr a rn w e rs-3aeneteLd w1i;k them (except those of e Ic ) for any purp,-" th a that of sapplying te seid -cttth water a of loe"ia.a vessels from or Int e ting." Thineswilenaa fail in the-handso the oriz poj. , Nowh inade s port, as be in e-andepontdif -Yaruth. *Wen, bkows-ror, nimaiw Touelatcons eanae into operation and th^e Yarmoath and cewich -li- wz formned, abranchsoon rose thence i$I,oTwatoft, and b6t1L *e undartidert1y attermaerged fin tle orfolk RBi1ansdtbe EsrnCoantia atBraudon and thus -perfeced the railway system betweess Lendo mand Noninclh. In dne coirse of tie he hEatesn Union, the Nloifolk an,! the EaernCoontieascheame ented ;nto m apeementfor an amlgama.lion, by virtue of wkhic the aram d Uw entirc control ever the vsrt network of r&ilways constrcti bI Ance the ea t Conlpany; -and a ng other matters they undertook the duties cre b .t -wormicb and Lowestoft Navigation Act. These. .dutiis do not apper-to have been digedl o the aatisfation oE the plaintife per ho- compained 4fr* mitford locks were llow to fal- out of repair; that a ensible abstraction or diversion of- tht waters of the Waveney bgn to be noticed at Yarmouth; anl that the evil. hal proceeded. o such. as extent as to comuel the eowmim6oners to dredge the rivers A mile higher tfiwa bereo ore. They;,oocrdingly called upon the united companies to repair the locks and to cease from the diversion complined of, which, they alleged, 'was suffered, with a vie of evadingtle third section of the ua abive recited, for the prpose of beunefitting Lowetoft, which grealy wanted a scouring power, at tbe expenfse of -Yarnonth. Thee demands mot lsaio been isAiified, the plaintiff flied a bDl in Chancery to :eompel the reparaton of thae locks, and to esnilu fthwe defendants from diverting any. of the :---waters -of -Ae rivers for- the supply of the cut between Lake IUting and the me, w}hich they advanced a ri$hct.t* do nuder their acts. After a long argument the 1146r of the Rolls held that the defendants were bound: to repr the locks as a public duty, and be ordered them iso to do. He hiowever exresead an opinion that they -were entitled to take some watie through -them for- the -supply of all the cuts, including that into the wa, but did not defLne the qn-t' le,Icvirg the plainiffto bring such action at law as =Ight be advisd, for asoertining the precise -fights of the r. esin this natter andcthe ex&t damage, if any, done-by the default of tire defendazts. Here -'his actiou, in anwer-to which the defeudants pleaied -sep:rately-L. N. t Guiltr. 2 Tat the plaintiff was not entitled to the waters in question. 3. A justific6tion under the Nor'wich anid LoWeoft Act-each company alleging in its plea that the acs complained of by the plainti£ were done by them as the servants of and under the orders of theother. Mr. Justice COL.mrDGZ haVing inquired, in the course of Mr. (Y.Malefs address, what the facts were, if any, which were in dispute, Mr. SerjeantBEyn said, thathe seized that opportunityLio suggest the propriety, audeven the absolunte necessity, of su iitting thevnrio3s pointsof lawrin disputeto the decision of n anperiorcourtby i:eansof a specil euse, tobe stuted oya. gentleman cf such einencein theprofession as to com3an respect. The interests involved were vast, and thie points of 's5W intriae,k turning on the constructcion of the several acts to 'which allusion had been made,. and on -which the laster of the .olls had eeclined to put a final constrction until the legal rights of the parties ha been defined and ascertained at lav. Mhe cause must come to a special case at last, and that corse might aswel be adopted atonce, especiallyas, independently of the geneal question between the plaintiff and the two compamnes, there were conflicting interests between these latter parties; so that the cauce wa.s, in fact, a xepetition of the celebrated tiangulair duel, audwould produce an endless mnsatisfactory inauiybefore a jury. 3Nr. Serjeant. Wz;i., onthe part of the lNorfolk laiway, fully agreed m the neoessty for the course suggested by hii leamnedt brother, whoeo clients, having entered intothe amalgamation agreement with his, were, an he was prepared to show, alone responsible for any damage which the plalati proved to have resulted to Yarmouth fxom the condauct of the works at Lowestoft. After muchl discunion, the terms of a reference to Biggg ndrews, I:sq., Q.C., were aranged, tvhe defendants undertaking: to repair the l,ocks at once, anld to proceed s,peedily, thuu*Iaintiff being letinto complain of acts of omeisson, as wsell as of cormimiion, on t-he part of the defendants. vrerdiat wasithen taken for the plaintiff, subject to the specil case. On the termination of this cause the Ipswich Assia s ana the Norfol,k Circit -naybe sica to have closed, a ztct processus having been agreed upon in the remaining special jary case, -which arose out of certain family disputes. nEVlSnG BARRISTERS. Lord CAw.P yesverday appointed D. D. Keane, Eeq.,' and A. K. Stephenson, Esq.. to the offices of revising barrsisters, vwated by the election of Ar. Prendergast, Q.C., to the jndgeship of the city of London Sheriffs Court, and the elevation of John Worlledge, Esq., to the office of Judge of the Suffolk County Court, in the place of XIr. . K. Eagle, deceased, :respectively. With this announce-ment our dauty, in connexion with the Norfolk Summer Cir-uit, of 1S56, pronerly ends. We claim, however, the pleasure ol recor3ing t£te good deeas of some in addition to the bad deeds of others. Actnated by this feeling, we cannot refrainfrom noticing theelegant arrangements made for the reception of the learned Juldges o Aesize in this town on Saturdaylast by the high sherif£ of the ounty, Mr. Andrew Acedeckne. We tdo ths also the rather that it may be remembered that, under the in'duence of the Suffolk Shrievalty Association, the usual externalsand ceremonials which beget, while they display, respect for the law and those luminaries who are commissiored by the Crown to administer justice in 'he ! provinces, were disened with bylr. Arceskne, and that This apparent, thoigb. nO doubt, unintentional disrespECt was vnsited byT the infiction of a fine of 1OOL ou t,he S Sheriff That gentleman, whose liberality is proverbial,. took the hint, audihe seed sow in the sprirs by -the Cbief Justice of the Common Pleas bore fr3t.twofold in the sucu. mer, for it sprung up into a goodly display of liveried Avvelinmen, as. -vella the attendance of some40 well-moiutecl yeomen and others, vho awaitedthe learned judges at the station and escortedthemthrougitheprincinclstreetso'tEe town, which had before been spanned with ivergreens, tiimphalarches,deckedwithflagsandbannerserectedinbononr of thevisitoftheDukeof Wellingtonto theTheatre Royaluf Ipswich, amid throngs of folks both gentle and simple, clad in their holyday attire, to the elegant ledgings provided f or their accommoodation. On this occasion, therefore, at all events, we feel it equ aly a duty as it is a pleasure, to recori the !act,-th&tthe ligh Sheriff of Suffolkconductedhimsee] in the discharge of the duties of his ealt-ed office in every respect as became a gentlemn.m
IOXFORD CIRCUT. I MONUIOUTHI. JULY 31. 2lr. Baron Aldexson and i,r. Justice Wightman arrived in this tovwn yesterday from Hereford. The commission for the county of Monmoiith was then opened wviththe usual formalities, after which their lordahics attended divine service at St.- Mary's. -The business of- the assizes began this morning at 10 o'clo:k in both courts, Mr. Justice Wrightan presidtng in the civil courb and MIr. Baron AKldersonisithe criroinal cout=H. Tho cause list contains an entry of five causes, one of -which is marked for a special jury. The first two eauses were astions for goods sold and delivered, -and were undefended. A third, which was for money leent, with a plea of the Statute of Limt'ations 'was put off till the morning. The cendar contains a list of 30 prisoners, charged rwith offences of the usul character. One is charged wi th wilful murder.. Cim CourT.-(Beforc Mfr. Justice WrIeHrsTA aiud a - CCommon .Tury.) JEFiR5Fms V. ILES. Mr. W. H. Cooke and Mr. Somerset appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Whateley, Q.C., for the defendant. Mr.Cooxw said this action was brought by an ironmonger to recover damages for slander spoken by thb defendant of the plaintiff, and imputing to him that he was in iraolvent ircunstances. The words' were spoken in a publichouse.at Bristol in the course of a conversation in which the commercial stability of several persons was canvassed. The persons present communicated to the Plaitiff what they had heard the defendant say, and the plaintiff brought the present action to vindicate his charader. f. WHATELEY said that if his Lordship did not think the -communication was privileged he had no alternative but to consent to a verdict for the plaintiff, with 40s. damaes. Mr. Justice WIGHTmA? said the learned counsel had no alternative, as the communication was not privileged. A verdict Was then taken for the-plaintiff-Damages, 40s. CRnn};tAn COUR.T-(Before Mir. Baron ALxRasoe.) David Thomas, aged 47, a clerk in the Post-office at lYewport, was charged with stealing a poSt letter containing a silver watch, gold chain, and ke, the property of Her Majesty's Postmaster-General, on the 24th of January, 1S5. Mr.L Whateley, Q.C., and MEr. Bros appeared for the Drosecution; theprisoner was undefenlded. It appasred that on the 24th of January, 1855, Mr. ThomassWay, a watchmaker at NewYport, packed usp a silver w atch and gold chain and key in a tin box. H3e covered the box witb wool and directed it to his son-in-la, " Mr. W. Gatehouse, Ludwell, near Salisbury, Wilts." He then took it to the post-olfce at 4 or 6 e'eloek in the afternoon, and asked the prisoner, who was there, how much the postage would be. The prisoner replied it would be seven stamns, and direeted the prosecutor to put it in the box outside This was done, but the package never arrived at its destination. Inquiry was made, but nothing was heard of it until the 7th of July inst., when the prisoner was taken into custody upon some other charge. The policemen then -took some keys from the pnsoner's pocket5 and with one of them he opened a pistol case in the prisoner's bedroom. He there found a silver watch, gold chain, and key in a tin box, all of which were identified by the prosecutor. The policeman asked the prisoner whose waten it was; and the prisoner re-lied, " It is mine." He subsequently stated that his son had picked up the box on the road between Newport-bridge and the turnpike-gate. The prisoner, in his defence, said his son could prove tha statement, but he was not here. Mr. Baron Au[ soN said he was glad to hear it, and inquired whether there was anyone to "ive the prisoner a character; a post-office clerk always haS a good character. A gentleman then came forward and stated that the prisoner had always borne a good character, and that he bad been removedfor his good conduct from Abergavenny to Newport. Mr. Baron AssEnso,i having summed up the evidence, The jury found the prisoner Guilty. Mr. WHATELEY said there was another case against the prisoner of a similar description. The letter in that case contained rings, one of which the prisoner offered for sale to the prosecutor bimself. But he need offer no evidence in support of that charge. MIr. Baron ALDEnSO2' in passing sentence, said it was necessary, for the sake of all, that the Post-ofice should be protected, and sentenced the prisoner to four years' penal servitude Mfr. WM&TsAsa said it-was a remarkable fact inthis case that the prisoner had been a witness in several Post-office prosecutions.
PoZliGE. Bow-sTRrm.-Michael IWCormack, manager to Mrs. Dawson, a fruiterer in Covent-garden market, appeared to a summons for assault. Mr. Alfred Nichols Jeffson, of 14, New Bridge-street, stated that he was receiver to a private hospital. On riEday last he was in the market, and, wishing to buy some cherries, asled the defendant the price of some which were exposed on the stall, at the same time taking one up and eating -it. A s the defendant asked more than he considered reasonable ho refused to buy, and went on. The defendant followed him and abased ham for taking the cherry -without buying anything. He declared that he did not believe complainant intended to buy, and that he had a mind to make bim pay for the cherry. Complainant asked what he wanted for it, and defendant claimed one halfyenny, which complainat paid. Defendant then said, "1 don' nowv believe you meant to buy, and I have a good mind to punch your bead." Complainant replied, "If you do I will have you punished." Defendant then struck him in the face. Several costermoogers were called for the defence, and gave a different account of the occurren:e, but their evidence was not of the most satisfactory charaCer. MIr. HEIIRY said, he had no doubt that an assault had been committed, and that it was altogether unjustifiable. It was a very usual thing to take a cherry and taste it. He did not mean to say that the complainant was entitled to do sO, but still it was no reason why defendant should lose temper and strike him. Moreover, the complainant had paidahalfpenny, which was considerably more than the value of a cherry, before the assault. He should fine the defendant 40s. and the costs. The defendant paid the penalty and left the court. David Daley, lately invalided home from the Crimea, having served in the Land Transport Corps, was charged with creating a disturbance at the Land Transportoffice, }, Whitehall-yard. Jchn Smith, one of the messengers, said that the pisoner came to demand a sum of Gl., which he alleged to he due to him as balance of his gratuity. He was told that nothin could he done in the matter till the surgeon who had invalided him, and two other offlcers, vdho were acquainted with the facts of the case, returned to England. Their arival was daply expected. The prisoner said he would nOt go til he was paid, and he forced his way into the house, pushing by the constable at the door. As far as it could be ascertaced without the testimony of the gentlemen mesf tioned, there did not appear to he any halance due to the p risoner. On the contrary, itwas believed that he had assb overpaid by a mistake. - The prisoner said, there was really about Gl. due to him. He and his wife and children were starving, and to whom should he apply for aid but where the money was due to him ? Mr. HE1NRY said, the prisoner must certanly not attempt to recover it by foree, but by proper and legal means. If he was in such extreme distress, and could get no work, the parish wvere bound to subport him and hAs family. The prisoner replied that the non-payment of the money w.as bynoieans the deepest grievance. He would have noneed togointo the workhouse or to press for urompt payment of what was due to him, if they would oniy give hm hs mischarge, that he might be able to get work. Hne was strong and hearty, and employent was to be had, but hefvas oept idle andttarving for want of the discharge. Several men. in court declared that they were in the same position. Eventually the prisoner was discharged on his promise not to go to the office again till the gentlemen referred to had returned to E ngland. MLSaOssOU&RSa.TREET.-J-ohu Moran and John Mlare,] two boys, were brought before Mr. Bothut, charged with being incorrigible thieves. These boys have been repeatedly in custody and in P risen for petty thefts, and as it was yesterday clearly proved that they had been seen crawlmg together into a shop for the purpose of stealing aythine they could lay their hands on, Mr. Beson availed himself of the powaer of a recent act -the A ct for the Better Care and Reformation of Youthful Offenders-to make arrangements for sending the boys to a reformatory. The patrents of the boys, who are Irish Roman Ca oiecs, weremsent for,landafter some hesitation they consented that the boys should be sent to a reformatory for a period of two years, that being the misnituai term allowPed by the act. i The magistrate was enabled to carry, is intention into effect in consequence of Lord Edward Thoward havng eome to this court about six months ago, and stated that a Reformatory at Brook-green had been opened for the children of iPoman Catholic parents, and that any cases of huitable character would he receied there. twr. BErawoe then sent the boys for 14 days to the 1Iouse of Correction, with directions that they should ho afterwrards sent to the lleformatory. Wlilliam Berrym2n was charged with cutting open h lis wife's kead with the framne of a window. The complainant said,nher hbsband came home intoxicatedthabt rornin;, made his wvay in at the w.indow, and then seizing a wandow-rail, struck her over the head-and wounded her severely. HIer husband had been in thie[habit o£ illusing her, and about a year ago he dislocated her jaw. - Sent to prisen for six months. EMAatLoNR.-1r. Thomas: George 'GoslingZ s gentleaman of fortune, resliaig at 15, Portland-place, wias chailled on a summons, which had been placed in theaKhands of Baldwin the officer, " with having, en the 0th inst., i! the R1egent's Park, wilfully incited and procuied diivers gir]s~ of-tenderage, that is to say, ;Eauua Colley, Jane Jones,;and twfo others, to opeuily,:lewdly; anid indecently expose their. persoha in the saglt ef.him the said Thdmss (isorgeGdsllng, an,d of divers persons then passing and repassing> and lbing -in th&esaid* public place to the ,,reat scandal andinjury'of th&ipuhlls-rnorals and' against the peace,' ac. l, The other twvo girls were present. a Complaints of indecency with regard to like practices iu the Park have been made to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests. The offence being considered of a very sePrious character, r. Bod'sin prosecAutea Mr. Gsling,- and MAr.' Lewis, of Ely-place, tiolborn, was engaged for the girIs. Colley and Jones. hr. BoddIdn stated that head been instructed by the Chi,efComnaissonerofWoodsanadForests to proceed withthe charge against the defendants, as by law the Regent's Parkwas placed under his control. When the facts of the oresent charge were made known to Sir B. Ball he found that he. had no alternative thau to put the law in force in reference to charges-of the description mentioned in the summons, considerng that an exnample ought to be made of those who offend against public decency and public morals. He was sorry to have to support a charge against a. gentleman holding a respectable position in society, ana who - he believed had hitherto held an unblemislied character. But the law nmows-no distinction, and if the evidenco he should adduce were sufficient to s,upport the charge the case mustultimatelygobefore ajury. Be thought the facts *ould be of so strong a character that the magistrate would feel it his duty to send this case for the consideration of a jury, as it was desirable to prevent a repetition of such offences. Tho learned counse proceeded to observe that the evidence of two persons would be brought forward who would prove what took place on the day stated in the surnmnons, and it would be shown that they saw those young persons exposing themselves in the most indecent manner. According to their evidence, it would be shown that the defendant came up, and shortly after took a seat upon a bench in front of the place where the female de-' fendants were lyin. In a short time after ho was observed to speak to the gir;y, and to point out, with a stick he had in his hand, to another part of the Parlk. The girls got up end crossed theobroad walk Mr. Gosling afterwvards left is seat, and went mn another direction across the broad walk. They wvere afterwarls seen, by one of the witnesses he should 'produce, near a hollow. The girls were in an indecent posture. The learned counsel then stated what was the conduct of the defendant Gosling, with other particulars which were given in evidence, and observed that the girls ran away, and that Mr. Gosling was eventually given into custody. Be was taken to the policestation, where the sergeant on duty, after looking over the various acts of Parliament in reference to such charges as that vith which he was charged, allowed him to depart He (Mr. Bodkin) observed that it was a comimon-lawoffencte and that he thought the worthy magistrate would consider it his duty to senA the case before another tribunaL The following witnesses were then called:- Mr. IL Warren, No. 56, Ernest-street, Regent's Park; said, he was assistant to his father, a bookseller in Lndon-street, Tottenham-court-road. and was a married man. About 8 o'clock in the evening of the 9th- of July ha was in the Regent's Park. near what is called the Cow Park. He had two of his children with himn; one, a boy about four years of age, ran about gathering buttercups. The other,. 15 months old, he had in his arms. He got uap to a spot where there was a hollow. There he saw four girls lying on their hacks. Be next saw the defendant Gosling in front of them. Be went up to where they were lying and took up their clothes successively one after the other, which he raised up to their waist. Witness could identify Coley, Jones, and another of the girls. They were there a short time with their clothes raised. By Mr. Bodkin.-They were left up till Mr. Mitchell came. MIr. Gosling was turned away from me. I was ox. high ground, and they were in a hollow. While I was looking at them my son came up and said, " Bather, what a lot of buttercups there are." HIe spoke so loud that he was heard by Mr. Gosling, who got up. He was previously kneeling. I saw Mr. Gosling give some silver to one of the women. Mr. Mitchell then came up. Mr. Ballantine.-At what part of the trausaction was the money you allege to have been given given? Witness.-When he was kneeling down. In answer to further questions the witness said that the first time he saw Mitchell was a few days ago, when he was passing through a place near Chester-terrace. Be had no conversation w ith him. T'he only time he was in conversatiorn with him was when he went to measure the ground in the Regent's Park, since the occurrence took place in the Regent's Park. Be was aboit eight yards off when he saw the defendant. John Mitchell, a licensed drover, formerly a shepherd, attached to the Regent's Park, said, that on the 9th of July he was near Chester-terrace-gate, Regent's Park, when he saw the defendant Gosling go towards some girls, who were in a very indecent cosition. He sat on a bench before them, and he afterwaids, with a stick, pointed to another part of the Park. The female defendants got up, and went m the direction towards which he pointed. He soon after followed, but did not go in the same direction as they did. Witness went toward the spot at which the defendant Gosling stopped, en d he there ,ound him standing in front of the girls, who were in a hollow in that part of the Park called the Cow-park. They had their clothes above their waist, and the defendant w;as attentively looking at them. Mr. Ballantine requested that the exact words of the witness might be taken down. The witness in continuation said, that he called Mr. Gosflng a blackguard. One of the girls observed " that Mr. Gosling was a magistrate, and that be would not get anything from himn." (Laughter.) Witness afterwards met Broos, one of the R egent's -park cons tables, and in conse - qulence of what he stated to himn Mr. Gosling was taken to the stationhonse. On the witness's cross-examination by Mr. Ballantine, it appeared that on the Saturday night previous to the 9th of July he first saw the witness Warren near Charterte=race. Ire was lying on the grass with his two children, and there were some of the girls (the defendants) at some distance before him. Witness had no conversation with him. He (witness) remained there a short time. Mis object in doing so was to wait to see if any gentleman would come forward to take up the case against the girls, when he would have appeared as a witness. He never caught a gentleman before, Be had no conversation with Warren on the 9th of July, nor did he see him till he observed him with Brooks. On the Saturday the girls were exposing themselves. Witness could not say whether Warren was in a position to see the girls. George Brooks said that, upon receiving information of the offence alleged to have been commnittea by the defendarn., which had been communicated to him by the witness Warren, he took immediate steps to apprehend the whole of them. The girls suceeded in making their escape. He then gave directions to the constable (Walsh) to take fr. Gosling into custody. The reason he did so was because he was told that some money had been given by him to one of the alI TWals. slated, that he went after the defendant Goslin and that, upon being taken into custody, he said, "I wish I had my solicitor. Let me go, and I will never come into the Park again." He was taken to tho stationhouse, Albanystreet. Be gave his name and address. The chargewas not taken down, and he was told he might go. He (Walsh) wished to know if he (defendant) had given his rIght name and address. The sergeant on duty said he mig2ht do as he Dleased. Be went with the defendant to Portland-place and found that the address was correct, and that the defendant lived there. Mr. Bodkin stated that this was the whole of the evidence. Mr. Ballantine observed that, while he agreed it was of extreme importance that measures should be taken to preserve the public morals, he thought the magistrate would be of his opinion, that no case had been made out against his client sufficient to induce him to send the case to be decided by a jury. What were the circumstances of the ease? Mr. Gosling, when charged with the offence, gave his name and address, and showed no hesitation to go with the officers to the stationhouse, wf here the officer on duty declined to take the charge. and i£~ was found that he had given his correct address. There were hu-t two witnesses to the present charge, whose evidence he should be able to show was most contradictory. Be asked Warren vhen he first sarw the other witness, Mitchell, when he stated that it was on one occasion as he was nassing from some parb to enter the Park. He inquired of Mitchell when was the first time that he had any knowledge of War. ren; he reulied that it was on a Saturday previous to the day 'on which the pzesent offence took place. It was remarkable that the witnesses who had given evidence on this charge should have been the same persons who on the Satuiday in question saw some of the female defendants in the position described by the witness Mitchell, and who observed that he was stopping near the girls for the purpose of seeing if any gentleman would come up in order to prosecute them (the girls), when he would offer himself as a witness. It would appear as if it had been a "plant" against his client. Mr. Gosling did not shrink from a full investigation [ef the present charge, which his condauct had, shown he was desirous to do. Ee was a man of wealth, and if he wished he could have left the countrv. BIe had not taken that course. The learned serleant further remarked that there was a great discrepancy in the evidence of the witnesses as to what took place. When Warrenstated that he first saw the defendant, he stated that he saw Mitchell come up, while the latter remarked *hat ho never saw Warren till he (Mitchell) got up to the Park constable. Alter deliverng a maost eloquent address onbehalf of his Client, and declaring that he was incapable of the offence imputed to him, he called on the magistrate to dismiss the Mr. Lewis also replied on behalf of his client. Mr. BnoeUGssTON observed that, without giving an opinion upon the evidence, ho considered it his duty to send tne case for trial. Be could not imagine that any conspiracy existed on the part of the- witnesses, and if he sissed the summons it would lead to the supposition that the witnesses were guilty of gross erJn But-nothing had besn shown to suggest the rightet charge agaiunst the witnesses of an attempt to extort money in order to prevent the present charge being brought forwardL Then, on the defendant being charged with the offence, he remarked,"- I wish I had mny solicitor. Let m go andlI p-omiss youl I will never enter the Park ag-ain."~ cOn1ewoudhav sppsd A that if innocent he would have felt most mignznt at tne charge, and would have at once said, " I will come again, I will not leave the Park upon such an - infamous chargo." Be, H r-. Broughton, was clearly of opinion that it was his dutY to let this case be decided by a jury. Mr. Ballantine asked the magistrate what amount of bail he should require, as his client was fully prepared to nineet thel-charge? e stated that there were parties present who would become resp6nsible for anysurn that mights bunamed. ' t m h - After, some discussion -with regard to the amount of bail, the defendant, MIr. Goslng, was held to bail-himself in 4,0001., and two sureties' in 2,0-eahtorethecrgatthe sessions. - b, to meet the chrge T'he sureties 'were Mr. 1t. Boha, bookseller, Rlegent.st+eetW and- MWr. Archibald Boyd,. cabinet-maker, &c., Rdwjrd-, street, Portman-squRre. - - SouTRwsAu.-.Jo6In Cashion and Myers Myers, who de. scribed thdmseives as iron merchants, carrying on business at' 79, bent-street, Southwarkl,- were summoned before Mr. COMBaE to answer the charge of obtaining a quantity of iron,;valued at 801L, 'fr6m 2 fr. William Tucker, of the BoroughWheel:Works Newingtoa-catuserv,ay,-undevfaleand fraudulent pretences. Mr. Ribton iappearedfoi the'proeoution, aisdL Mr. Bodldn for the-defendants. he a - --The progeetore said. that, on the. 2d of: July thme defendante came to his works, when Cashi'rt said he wanted to?purchase some scrap iron. WVitness referred them to his managing clerk, 3r. Journey. They ne back ehortly afterwvards, sad said that ^the would jp'.-are somebar ,iron, at the same time saying that they woould pay iash for the scrap iron, and cash and a bill for the bar iron. Witness toldthemx he could not take a bill unless they gave a good reference, when the' defendants handed in the namne of Israel Cohen, sponge and segar merchant, 66, Prescottstreet, Goodman's-fields, with Whom they said they had had large dealings for some -time. Witness went to Mr. Cohen, bat he was out of town. On Saturday, the 5th of .July, Cashion called on him, and said he had agreed to pay cash for the.bar iron, less 5 r ceut. discount. -They, however, wanted 7T per cent. Un tbe faith of their representa. tions he let them have the iron, worth 751., which they re. moved on Monday, the 7th of July, and sold the same day for 541. Witness had not received one farthing, and he considered that he had been defrauded of his property. George Journey, clerk to the prosecutor, sud that defendanits came to him and said that they had had large transactions wvith Mlessrs. Watnay, the distillers, Wandsworth. They -hacl purchmsed large quantities of iron of them, and YJr. Watney had taken their bill for a steamengine, without any reference. Witess saw them again on the Saturday, when they bargained for the bar irons at 91. a-ton. They removed it all on Monday. 1'homas IUsher, of 4, Pumnp-row, Old-street, City-road, raid, be knewv the defendants. On the 7th of July be purchased some new bar iron of them. It was brought to his place in vans. He did not see' the defendants until the evening, when it was all delivered, and they then came for the money. Mr. Ribton.-How mu3sa' money did you pay them then? - Vitness.-Fifty-six pounds. Mr. CoaIBE.-Was that all you paid them ? Witness, rather confusedly.-Oh, no, sir, I paid them, altocether, 791.17s. lii. CoouE.-When did, pay them all that? Witness.-I paid them two portions in the daytime. Mr. Ribton-Why, how is that? Yon have sworn that you did not see either of the prisoners until the evening when you paid them. You must have told a falsehood. Witness.-I misuinderstood you, Sir. I saw them twice in the day, when I gave them gold, and in the evening I paid them the balance. Mr. Bibton.-How did you pay the balance ? Witness.-I gave them a check for 361. and a 201. note. Altogether Igave them 79. 17s. By Mr. Bodkin.-I had dealings with them before in Iron. Mr. Charles Botland, Lambeth-walk, said he purchased scrapiron of the prisoners, and paid them 71. Os. Id. Moss Cohen said, he was in partnership with his brother, Israel Cohen, at 66 and 6S, Prescott-street, Goodman'sfields. He knew the defendants, but he never had any Iredealingswiththem. They always paid for what they h. H e believed his brother never authorized them to refer to hin. Mr. Edward Parsons, the managing foreman to Messrs. Watney, the distillers, said he knew the prisoners as calling on him about two months ago offering a price for old iron. They looked ata steam-engine, and offered 4001. for it, 200i in cash and the remainder in a bill. He drew up a rough agreement, subject to Mr. Watney's approval, hbutthedefendants were told none of the property could be removed unless the money wvas paid down, A day or two afterwards they came and said they could not take the engine. They never purchased a fartbing worth of iron from the firm. Mr. Ribton contended that the evidence he had adduced was quite sufficient to show their fraudulent transactions and he asked his worship to send them to the sessions. Mr. Bodkin objected to such a course, inasmuch as al through the evidence their was nothing to show that they had obtained the iron by any fraudulent pretence. In fact, it had been proved that they had had transaoctions with Mr. Cohen, and were actually bargaining for a stea -engine with 3essrs. Watney. The whole affair was only a sinple debt. Mr. Coc.ni said, he was of the same opinion. The summons must be dismissed. Mlr. Ribton said that it was a cruel case. His client had been victimized out of nearly 1001. worth of property. Mr. Bodkin said that, most likely, had not the present proceedings been taken, Mr. Tucker vould have been paid before. Daniel Crawley, a powerful.looking fellow, well known to the police as a suspicious character lurking about the London Bridge Railway Terminus, was brought before Mr. CosEis for final examination, charged with attempting to murder John Hide, 48i A, by striking him on the head with a large stone under the following circumstances:- The complainant, a very steady and attentive officer, whose head was bandaged up, said that on Wednesday morning, shortly before 1 o'clock, be was on dnty near St. Thomags Hospital, when he heard a disturbance at the door of a publichonse, and saw the prisoner pushed out by the landlady. Witness, went up to him and told him to go away, when he said he would see him - first. Witness told him unless he went away quietly he should take him into custody. The prisoner then left, saying "I'll do for you before long." WVitness then went round his beat, and when he came in front of the railway terminus the prisoner came running up to hirm, sayinig, "Now -111 do for you," at the same tune he swung ound his handkerchief, to tne end of which was fastened a stone, and struck him on the back part of the head so violently that he was nearly stunned. Witness, however, seized hold of bim, and after struggling a long time, with the assistance of a young, man who was passing he secured him. Witness then went to the hospital, and had his wound dressed, and since then ha had been under the divisional sureon, who said that had the blow been inficted a little hioher it must have proved fatal. When the prisoner struekj'am he said that he would murder him, as be had a spite against him. Witness here exhibited the deadly weapon, consisting of a stone weighing half-a-pound, tied in a neckerchief which he had seen round the prisoner's neck when he was. pushed out of the publichouse. Wiliam Cady, a waiter at r. Wales,the Manor-bouse Tavern, Walworth, said that he was p assing along Welling. ton-street, on Wednesday morning, the 23d, shortly before 1 o'clock, when be saw the prisoner rush at the constable and strike him on the head with a stone he had tied in his handkerchief. Witness went up to the officer's assistance, and then he saw the prisoner strike him again, saying that he would murder him. When the prisoner was overpowered he threw his handkerchief away. James Fletcher said, he was passing along when the prisoner was struggling with last witness aui the constable. He saw him throw away a handkerchief, which witness picked up, and found a stone fastened in the end. The prisoner, who denied having struck the officer as desecbed, was fully committed for trial at the forthcoming Surrey Assizes at Guildford.
tAdveffisement.3]-" The Camp Club in the Oimme;k or 91st Reiment 1'rice to.I.Rtat-h fateo nemn. he bat Inkerman was a constant thaeme in the ramp. hit was "e solieatl n,as they had abis otely fought it out, o homo n as ty caneup and stood to tho dvork, so every man di, cured tsmerts,an errygrade felt proud of it. It was like Agin- " 'rt and, olnuage hbnt the langae of :Shakoparcold o ns to eah other,- He that outlives this da.y, and comes safe home W'ill tand atiDtoewhen this ds n Imd, London, 0. J. Skeet. King William-street. [Advertisement.-l" Adventures of Isr. Ledb-ay," by Albert Smith, pni 2s.-A book purPorting to be decriptive of every. dw £ife, andwbich simp Teletas the babits and customs of the age, to besucceesful, should ho written early in life, and, to poassessivid colouring andaisemartnce. the scenes sholsidbe Fietecedwhlie the recollection of them is yet fresh in the author's brain. Such vas the CaE with Mr. Albert Smitb's " ledbury," aud hence its extrnoidinar success. REeryprage teems with admiablytold inci'dents of lifein Londonxand Paris. while the- skletches of" TrarellingRi3ogllshwith whichhisameswill always be associated, are most numerous, laugh. able. andtrue.-London, George Routledge and Co., Farringdon-atreet. tAdvertisement.II-The new novel, 'he Youngld," by'teauthorof "TheDiscipline of Life," lin2 roXh ,i Y owreadyat all the libraries " The reputation LadyEmily Ponsonby acquired by her 'Dlcinline of life' is mare than maintomrc in her'Young lordl."'-"Messenger." "The merit of the 'Young Lord' (nays the Spectator 'I lies in its completeness and linish. The various persons are clearly conueivedinthe writer's mind, and distinetly wroughto ot to the rder. Tne incidents are so planned to display the quelities add affect the fate of tho persons and written v.th such elegant strength,ifitmaynotbecaledpowrer, that tho attractionisasgreat as with stories of deeper passion. - A serions sense of duty andgoodness pervadesthe whole, influendng the tone of the narratve, and inducng judicous reilections without sermonizing." HurstandIlacke%, -l3ses 3 rest Msrlhosough-atreet. [Advertisement.]-The Scutari Monment.-Thoe Ai-. Journal for August, price 2s. 60, contains engrayngs from thefollowing pictures in the Royal collections :-Goand Sin no More, alter . (jorbould, and The Star in the Post5 after IL Warren. The sculpture engraving is the 2Xymph Surprised. The literarycontenta snclada-Tha Porceain manufacturer of China, Subjects for the StndenthinArt The Arts ot the United States; SBttish Artists N-Po. 17. 1F. P. hrith, A.A, illUstrated; Wood Ciu-ving, by HadhAi nery; The Rational Gatlery- Duteh Gere-painter, by P. W. Fairholt, F.S.A.. illustrated; ilatomal Art ancl Native Artists-the Scutari hionument; Tho Exhibitl6n of ArtTreasureg in Manbhester, The Sketcher The Courts of tho Crystal Palacf, MMsg tratested.-Vrtue andCo.. W5. Patarnosteros.o -. [Aidvertinosent.]-Thq ' Dispatch' - of Sunday ne's August 5. will onteaintthe Proroatiu of Parliament and the Roya Speecb-an Esay etitle The Bible and t'rayer-bDok`"--;Yat,%l Rail.- way Accidtnt.ti0 Great Colliers Expnslioii-"Pul1icola" on*'TheAnt5ou7nim of 3;ehgion and -ducation duirin g the lsteBe mion"--" 13x- sonision ortheAccaeRd,s by *Caustie,-Tvwn 5Tlk, ae. Ofloe, 119. n'tleiet-nttcet.' Bell Life-in London" eof Sundsy next, AUgUst' S -and' Gratuitous Supplement, -vwl nirnisefull su e5xcluslvepaxffeiras of thGe Godivoodi .ltetiug, Heth3Mtsryoro -ogh. and other raceasxpreg~nne an. an .aticipationS3 of * Brn6hton RacesRaesin Pvsuee-A.quties: Great-Yannouth and other Regttas--- -Cricketi Marylehons v; All Dngland: ElevonvPayers -of England i, 7na! all the enorling and mleoelueons new7 oS the weekS ice, dampsunsteinped, 5d Offiee, 170,EStra nd,
:, -Ip m-RF1LA2 1. . : (raOf o0 OWN: cOBRESPoxnjvr i:-DtIBLf, InUsisujY MOiUG. T UR IDER AT EISIOY. At the Cork Assizes yesterday Charles 3PtCready, a private soldier in the 68th DurhamLight Infantry, -was found guilty- of the wilful murder of Sergeant Owen GuiTy, of the same regiment, on the 6th of May last, at Fermoy. ; On that day the prisoner was seated in his barrack-room at Fermoy, on his bed; cleaning some of his garments. O ven Ounnmy, a sergeant in the same regiment with the prisoner, came mnto the room and going to the window pro-, ceeded to adjust his hair. His back was tarned to the prisoner, who was observed to stretch out his hand to the tack, and take from it hisanus;ket. le. then advanced two oor three paces, deliberately; raised his firelock to his hips, and while the sergeant had his back turned to him discharged it at hini the contents entering his body.. He w.as a deaa man in a quarter of- an hour after that., It appeared that on the previous day the brisoner had, been arrested by Sergeant Guinny, and having been brought be'ore a mnit,rytribuiial wassentenced to be confined forten days. Immediately after thisthe next day-the crime was perpetrated. The sentence upon the prisoner was deferred till Thursday (this day). TM MARVEsTr. The accounts from the provinces re, -without a single exception, highlyfavouable. Crops of all kinds are described as unusually luxuriant, and so far there is not a solitary rumour of the appearance of the potato blight. The weather is magnificent. Here; in Dablin, we have had a tropical sun for the last few days; and the heat is all Vbt -overwhelmaug. TME POLLOKE EJECMnTS; At the last assizes for Galway there were IS cases brought down for trial, in the first of which the plaintHi being nonsauited. the remainder were withdrawn. Subsequently the Cout of Common ?leas set aside the nonmiuit, and awarded a venire de noro. At the present assizes there were only three cases entered for trial, -which excited intense-interest, as did also the presence of Mr. Pollok himself.. in the first case tried on Wednesday before Mfr. Serjeant Rowley there was a verdict for the plaintiff. The two other cases were then about being proceeded with, when an arrangement was entered into by which the defendants consented to a verdict for the plaintiffs, without costs, and with stav of execution till the 1st of November next, all rent to that day to be forgiven. This does not, to say the least, evince any undue harhness on the part of Mr. Pollok towards his litigant tenantry. THE FUNDS. ThreeperCent. Consols, 95 i-ditto, fornewaccount, September 12, 96 951; New Three per Cent. Stock, 96; National Baik of Ireland (2,2. 10s. paid), 33a; National Insorance (25!. paid;, 28 en div. liailways.-Dnblins aud Kingdtown, debenture, 4 er cent. of 1001., 10; Dublin and Wicldow (10l. paid), 6 ; Dandalk and EnnislIllen (30L qa,14; Great Southern and Westem (501. paid), 59; 4 per cent. pref. (1X. paid), 1.2A.; Irish SouthBEastern(i2! paid), 7A;, ditto, for acconif, 7§; Xii1irne Junction (10O. paid), lOj; WYaterford and limericks (601. paid), 25; ditto, 6 per cent. pref. (50!. paid), 46.?; ditto, 6 per cent. pref. (10!. paid), 10; ditto, for account, 1C.
MITITABY anGd .A VAL L:2T.LIG.EATE. The Himalya, which ariived at Spithead yesterday, lefb Scutari on the 19th of July. She 'Igs two regiments of the German Legion. She also brings Lieutena t-Colonel Mayow, Assistant Qaterrnn aster.General of the English Cavalry. Colonel MLyow went oat with the first of the cavalry in April, 1854, and has remained with them to the present time. He landed in the Crimea on the 16fh of September,.mdwasatthebattlesofth, Alma, Balasilava, andLnkermann, as well as in the simish at hackenzie'sFarmuponLord Rogians liank march. He vas in the famous charge of the Light Cavalry Brigade at Balaiclava 'with 'he 17th lancers. At Inkermann, wr;th Lord George Paget, and one or two other officers, he 'wasunder heavy fire at theadvanced;post of the Sandbag Battery. He was in every reconnaissance subsequently made by the cavalry, and has now returned to England in the limalaya, having waited to see off almost the last man of his division. Her Majesty's ship M!alacca arrived at Portsmouth from Halifax yesterday afternoon. She sailed from Halifax on the 13th of JuIly; on the 15th signalled Her Majests ship TNhile; July 29, off Scully, passed Her Majesys ships Duke of Wellington, Conqueror, Forth, Lapwing, and Mohawk. She has brought home passengers-Captain Egerton, of Her Majesty's ship Boscawen, invalided; three naval invalids, and two military prisoners. The Malacca has lost six officers and 54 men from fever since last April, yellow fever having been very prevalent on the station. The French men-of-war Gassendi and Ducouldiec have lost by fever every officer except the two commanders, and nearly the whole of their crews. The Malasca left at Halifax Her Majesty's ships Boscav.en, bearing the flag of PRear-Admiral Fanshawe; Termagant, with the pennant of Commodore Kellett, lezaring out from fever for England; the Pylades and Basilisk. The Osborne Admiralty yacht, Master-Commander Bower, has sailed from Portsmouth, with the Lords of the Admiralty, for the Channel Islands The Flying Fish was in company. The Gorgon, 6, steasIsloop, Commander Towsey, has arrived at Portsmouth from the westward. The P.odney, 90, Captain Wilson, came into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to be paid off. The C0-sar, 91, Captain Robb, was taken into dock- yesterday at Portsanouth, and the Colossus, 81, Captain Xeppel, was tak-en out. The Claro No. 121 transport sailed from Portsmonoth last evening with stores for the eastward. The Sir Charles Forbes No. 22 transport axrived on Wednesday at Portsmouth with stores from the Crimea, and sailedyesterday for the eastward. The George Rodgers and the Ayrshire transports also sailed for tha eastward. The followving officers have joined at Chatham and asssmed the command of their respective depats :-Captain Fredrick Rhodes, of the 27th Inniskillen, and BrevetMajor John B. Wheatstone, 45th Regiment. Second-class Staff Surgeons W. J. Fyffe and James Crerar have been released from duty at Chatham for the purpose of retiring on half pay. Acting-Assistant-Surgeon Edvin Wilson hasbeen directea to do duty in the garrison hospital at Chatham until further orders. The paddlewheel steam frigate, Leopard, 18, Captain Courtenay 0. Bayes, with supernumeraries from Woolwicab, and the paddlewheel steamvessel Alban, 4, Commander the Hon. W. B. D. Blaquere, with supernumeraries from Ports. month, arrived at Plymouth on Wednesday. The screw steam gaunnery-ship Edinburgh, 60, Captain Richard S. Hewlett, went from Hamoaze into plymouth Soundon Wednesday, and saied the same day for the eastward. The Amethyst, 26, was taken out of dock at Devonport on Wednesday; she vas to ba masted yesterday., The screw steamship Cornwalis, 60, Captain George G. Wellesley, is ordered to be docked at Reyhatn, Plymouth. The Retribution, 28 guns, paddlewheel steam frigat, Captain Thomas Fisher,. arrived at Sheerness yesterday at 10.10:a.m. from the Black Sea, last from Portsmouth. The Retribution brings home from the Black Sea 8,000 shot of various sizes. She has left all her heavy 95-cwt. guns at Malta and Gibraltar, for better fortifying the garrisons and sea batteries there. She has towed the James Watt, 91 gms, screw steamship (since she was disabled) over 3,^3 nautical miles, first fallng in with her off Tenedos, then towing hertothe,Crimea, and thence home to Portsmouth. An Admiralty order has arrived at Sheerness for her to be paid of1. The Brilliu il iio tb abldeof tale her departure to day from Sheerness in corIsequence of her gans not being all on board. The foltowing *ppointim were made attheAdmiralty yesterday lieutenant Alexander Bnller, to tho ERoyal;fAlbert; RichardF.F. Thomas,: Master's-Assistanbt to the Wasp; CharlesEvershed, Master's-Assistant, to the Cruizer and John hL Lloyd, Master's-Assistnt, to the Fury; H. W.W. Birch, Midshipman; to' thei Sparrowhawak J. X Vidall; Xfidshipman, to the Vigilant; and R. Woodwvard, Mtidshipman, 'to the iFlingfish; W. G. M. Burney, Cleric, to the Inflexible; and Henry Y. lForrest, Clerk, to the Cresar; C. iB. Leveik, A ctinz Cler}c, to the ;Fsj Charles Leigh, Acting.Clerlk,-toztheCruizer, ~and: David J. Yeoman, Acting.Cierk, to'1i'e James Wabbt.~..........._
SALES BY AUt-ION. Periodical Sale. establiqlhed 1gli3.-valuable Besereion. IiWt~isE SUTTLEWORTEa is instructea to-' AUoTIaNMOIETY of t za SUM of 4555 6.. TreePertista.receivable on the decease Of a mArried i coule.acd sa~etxety45ant -14. If the husband surviveeiks h5wife tIntSItafles agi,hhn at-nwero appin-ent, Partiesalarg may_ Biis i aerry tuwssga, f-r onltm-, CI f-lan a tiO InYbe obtained rt the 5B rban f NTEuSttleworth, 31, Ncoais.Lmad Mast; anda ofad oters MR. LE.E SHUTT SLLWObTy AUCION,E by tr. a,UTOg tteMrt nFia.Spebru 5 Nfnat 12. ist thI. ks.ddgton-To TmberMerchnts,Bouldrs, oarptrente, C-mp MR. LEREW wil SELL by AUCTION, oat the PremiMar, IonThrsday. AuguBedstree t 1, the welenerbusi st LEAL. as 12,thowel- do. STOC 'compiriag 000 yllo. white, and pireplaks, eal an batens 10 ortareoCirepastred ploorin St.0 Mbi ay be vewe on ortaxdt preeior ofi morligou ae adetlee steed-readnU.veBiy-tret On teoPtlan Ethathe, byAorEr of the Trusees POderTheN Wolf tho, STOCK ofMessr- rote auJohn went be-cniue.ISDY Pprp~ty wl EL b SELLRa- tyeirCTrONt Rotm th1Re eaiNlya, on Thursiay. nm Auus a0 latg 12.LETh eI-Ouiof LASCE- ha be fsces ite carrimedi on ccvmnyls.ceidngyitt, iandgein 48. , nBurtoh-street. enro ierecrpas t abl tenant, at£0 e Partnum.r May evee yprsri n P.artuakers ha of Kl rye. ;-q.F Wsolctr 16 ile-qor;a h sionaute; auf the auct;oer .irdaiianto-teet, 3aoaeo-odna Toshinldsy- tirnpota Colbontioarof Werkseo Cabints, atenthe airs Be S rlin BE.UzsHWPOtrTH and various E beects Taota Sualdl-row,moegentstreet, and 1oo, bchantg alloy Cornhii.~2 ReitrM de.Fu osns a and ouia nthrIroenr.2 agNllan SpUkT il,Colur.and SIrishsO nd abuctoneerts of litserary iby rAUrty. ill SLLbinACToON, at theiroms grea Toometre. So1.tl.c vadilly on Tnesdlay, August 5. a conadrgebCOLLOCTION of MSTCEL. Lthemornin ofsale, andcitont aed modem,ne 5.00 MrFcently pobicsho Tieceystreet,th toathwrumoaicuepinfre.breyEad i Wine,msclbxr patentflute,ss byE CardSO, voln tePeiss of hih Xaatr, b Amt.GaogeSiano B.Caldc-talgee Will, been onireceipt of twoue sahamca Frsa,Clectordo.fit ofbd Lovndonend CTpomooAgs2 a at0heMar,rIIIDA. APreat1cforelyd,ir plceGaTon fitndreimmeuiateorcsnofinaleo Twol Freeold Metoq£52arter nof mann um.kPtiuars andnsoftWench ofoale. toubethay ofm, iong-mlmet.hous aste Mrtlad aucntioners aodffects,. Frederick's-placTe, Houehld. Afuyb iwdntomrniture, -alh; and caaeeieCbntaloFuens bjicat Bine a erlitrocs,itrs n vrosEfcs MESR. HALLOCK wiLL bELy AtCTbION Ronth, IVI. 2e1.aicmhe Hebrs. To-mor , osemrow, atI.anasmlager-ofl usfu Fiand elegant FUIatNIl seve for1 rcslue plte blse, nearly nmewdcar- eTINs, anobleset ofnmde dirningro thbes Igs byead Teverm drawing coon suies, adle' wadrob wit glae d lr.zedstas a.riind bed roo ittngsof siila chrater.boocas, w itigtals n isteetna,pump, andgenralfaishng eqisies,Ma besieed andL cats,aloguszany Regiter tove. For tos Sr an othr Irn. 2Cbasteailstrand Spie, Oiltnus. Cottnaursanddlarnsher,Vanduabout soaeofouehol uldn Furntur, Books exesv C ntgs adta eemd R.A.E RICHoRDere byl theExecutor AUTIONSEL M ats onaTreay,qnT-edy Augu st 5, a tenusierab n IoueO aot, 14ersTof texmorninglof eliite, and OD3 caao Ie obItaie LAtNMr. inee'nxcel.44 olent-situetion neroatenwam c hcokbtenteH,h-a Wotnare HRailway eStatio. hEEvind SON,age ton the P3emise rofd aid theoprgcpa mth.boruhaldereeto Ware, bawy staetion ofe esamue oath- cart.i 45. molesto of Indnland cotigeune. to-moerrowa, Augunst1 at ver faormIabloeeaprtrfy eebuln y,tlain teaben greatdeman fofral duspet,bfoureatenscf elcn hcocalsqunity. Maf mbtt tugimelemenats.chuseholdy buetotained efforts. oderg oFz satle-Th fositur. Sel willhe soltree1 pcreldy ; afteGrawhich thedo imieeit and. malt, ay be iewedey h monin of 'yater n ctlgesbda lt,the usaluinsbilte BIDNeGhorod pAEILacfSal;and ofe the,rusEformerlydhenorthernaj Dealrs,o Dfibeurege aled Vusnture Brokers and toth pirR. f t F. chLLawll SEwbll;opan by boUtIO,00 sondth bricks zevemiles thes oaf' Head Taveran. pantles n-rlaew, oaterandl,io pibrising seraf thuand feetrg ow panel adoglred Partition, wains-ot coing. darbeohnig,dom,sasese wand framer learst.ips cstepronts, pumps rlinerTg rn or, stove,cpespritcsks rages, burne pavndgips mahoganyb four-pot thand Othrbeviouents.cairgus, sadofas dSin. poembro. drinteklo aguesctube hadrongte remses, and of thlea auction,eeO,Choeae-street, TheChioestnuts. otembanaeDoc anlldlesx.-and.hIepFreeolnuilin Lan, it extensive frnage.lndtxreemd M OR.GA N.ICHADSEwLL SELL bys AUspctION,t exeeinfoly eligilea FoREEtOLD. BollDiNr LApND, inand oexctiel lgrentstuaition tcaTttbebabehan High-rcrss Metween the Hih-oade and Do wost-ae.Ara ctact nbte formdthog thelsRalv esatd e,rhc waouldyb thea Dricipald thruhare cmteo) the rafiy stcron The estAUTIo.beint wihin41me e of LondsnIA,t ha pac and cniuston Thesrilay, Aureset a vtleryefavoural oppte otunty fWabuldinglw3, seulatIn. ther being af viewe. Pariculr ma be btaind ofedwof Srtierln,Fs. sonti-e Uptor. l,aeolloa,alj-street St.cdily atn' Chrrawh', and tof heg roneComva-the votalubc Mtriltfsvra)orr t.Mcs. DULEDNIEad SRONIar intuctdt SELL by ACIN iLaUtIGaON.s on Tbu reies, nWeday, August 19at , vlatl 12E. i HLets EThe ,oosst valuablee Br LDING residence, of the PREISg, ra,coeto the pafhofuSt.Milhel Ctonat-sil comperisingway aboutting spound Stime ian!sroofsad flors garedrug- nebe,dospar titiinoly-ons, wansot- ralig large ron dooe steovles, rangves, oan TespavinAg.stS.May he fiewed the odayo treio Caoritlogur. thad ofnin a.dWmod,ern arHitSEct 10.Crig's-cou rt,sewonodros andwant of challen and cSonr, 10uhe, herefo-et niboksie-Dveport, roke ndockerande ,Neyantch-mpor-tassesi varied. and iltfranes (i-o sade exttiensivSaloore nrs. w a,D~e diningtable onsUdingCondmerandompestlidb&dar ay ch.i(whose contrcts,o plthe Sout Wlalesdailway ando HenraMajesty's Broyal; bndgaotbar completed toe haoomer ebaLmbyr AuCntIroN aosit, lof Batterys, PeArakb)ci,an on Mondstays, August4. matbl2-tpm. tahe wholeof th MATEIAL t tha plac; andon Tesday. : augustme at Ihe erminu of theSouth ales faltay,seyoan a thntewhlre-o The Matri,Alsahtopnamoor CatmUeo'lock ina thabeLforenoond Gmrang abuL0fsand wif brdessan'e orFail,about10 brand andtbuioding ug Mwoegos and tracts andal the geneoral routihnerof nartices cnained hores.onefreshmentsfornTuesday's erie watlob on the Tableathanclf. isattalO 'coc, at the RalwayHotel,nn Aelstnd.T-movrTorw, ust 2, at21. fpor Ho aLloay,HOaDjon StA. knohn'ast Church,sinuathehig rsoad, andchldsturland toesidence with w saciousmronds and good Build.or cotaiigg Fr r 5orteraontages;ehe withou rsene unlespsouydimitoed ofgby th hreSan i. at Garretawarbo'ug, on Tuesday. August12at2,avlbeFEHOLDt i EtATe, cfeonsistin ofrasueriof ravila esidne on thi-ehig rend c Ace teforth miuale stnFarpereholloay abeatting upon St Johnsig Chuchand with Ohs omnibus-aes parsig ever.yifew minutes.g Thleience n anvidedounds thave a fosronEtagte o 153 feet byardeph of W, 410fee, andth ionatio of Liether andvantage ofccupation,o r presrenta ecellesonn topporunity of or theraption, kof a lare incmerby games sats. Monaynibe vieedan puatiies owngarthad-on theprmses; atn Garrawaey'suati ofoMesrs. DiohoPtrc;kn anBuby valualeer SFfok-an, Cihanm. non-strhoeet ea.dow, Ernd archites,cot,i Church-court,3po Cleen'slae, cie;andof. the paustelned,, cBlonmietysubnx-dqivaro. tt t uh Stwehlsleo, 7,tesadcunyo Nobrtuhampton,inea the icblyro&--oe AL Brown. The KINGs tela and Co. aillSEL by AUC-T ,ale LiOn oneltac,d the eses,tase ab ove.w on threry August. aTh 12o fortI y orde of theed Py tpplisgter the rsetvtenuntne and moemHuSEsuitesiuln robtwo ned walnut,W of cHarirs,oeas chais,onchs chelfo-ggq niem Davnpor. to andtbela:es Keltegan ;.or ngMr.Glarrnared,on M,ESSRS. NASHE are honouredI with instructIons Yfrom the B~arted CottenbasstoSTLLbY A'UCTION.q at the Court, on Wednesday, August 61, at 11 for 12. without resere (the mansion andI park being let). all the valtunble LIVE and DEAD FARIII'C STOC,4 foe. Thne horses comprise a bay cart geldling. Captain five years old, a dittsa mace. Flower i-aea yrears old, with foal, a gray cart mare and foal, a Yorlrshire bred carriage mare, 16 bands high, witlh her foal, got by -recian, and ini foalby CaPt H. JoWifie's Barb, Ch'assur d'Afcique a hay carriage mnare, 16 hands high, aged, a It year bayluly, by Yousg Camel, a bay yearling lily, by, Came], a ditto, by samehorse, a bay cob mare. 14bhands high, quietin doublesorsinglebhakness,abrown, coh honse, also quiet in double and single harness; these two have been comstatr,y driven together and are very feat. a baziht bay cab horse, a good hark andquiet, a strong useful 6ap mare, six yearn old,. quetlts o aide and d.-ive ' beifers. bullocks, eeci swine--four pritne short-horsed beifers, one Alaerneyand di-osteerceatves, eightbalf-nred8u.soex steere, two eonkey-s, two goats, sowi and ,ix pigs, four saws in Pig, two open saws, hoar, and fout-stare pigs. nine valuable. pointers arn1 retriever. dogs; farming irnplements &s.-road vaggon, Scotch carts with frames, two light carts, ploughs. barroom, land rollers, trace, shill, and plough harnesser. rickr cloth and poles, woaggon cloth, ladders, chair-eutting machifies, oat bins, corn sacks, water - carta. wattles, hurdles ladders. pig 'troegha. cow cribs, quantity- of elates. tiles,~ and drain pipes. dorikey curt atnd hamess corn bruisfing machines, bushel measures andi shiles, bi-idles, saddles, nonse clothing. - pitatetn and Pony: harnemses, whteelbarrows, hop bins. weights anod ecaes,timer .srmgeandwhelo.coa mes,corn blower dog kenx- nel. cain an icn teuge.amaiphcte, ad fur rh.elMeinyd cart an valon Othr fnnig ispIment, t beexpessd Izn cta- East Peba mrNr'seethmTenby-Fo.u-capital Freehlsad Farms, wth Dwellinghoumes,Oott.ge.mmillt. o iIffR,LEIFO HILD is instructed by the Prourietor tLo SELL byAUCTION. at the Lion. Hotel. Teuby, oni Welness vf near 400 acre%, wiLl dwelling-house, oun-buildinags, yard ani gardanl. clon e tote sizhroad., and abont four mle.a from the. first-rate m irke-t tesseisof Haverfordweet It isnow occupied b Mr.Plhlplueu ad others, at the annual rent of Xf90. Nelwtn Farm, in the Isarieb of St, Is3elts, on the road from Xarberths to Tarnby. a deefrb le occupation, wiith dwelling-hours fa us-butldinge. arid 92 acres ofarable and Mt=r land; b0sd by Mr James Grilfiths. at £06 pe-r nialu n. Browns a Tenema2t-, adjoining Newten Farm. in a emall holding, with cottagea and bhoildiags and 14 acres of arable and =r,re land, let to Mr. Georgo Watkins, at£1 sr. perannumn. T '- mill and lands, aboiut three acres, let to James MAtclings, at £5 5s. Kilvelgy FArm, adjoining Scgelly and. ltingsmoor, a desirable occupation, wit'h dwe]Iing-house, cot- al,asth puflan-Four tdue farms,mab hadhat fres Rutron Anng. otel N R.ethaLreTFRsIMtL. i iernsructstd biy lthel Pembrioke; at theaeof eELs; of ATTIOa llarot t,Wbt Es,slitors otl Ipsaicaster ladne.strand;uu- of Jamesfr Sumrocs, Ly aoincix1ts. thaose vau_t. ord pesrs. oWodavidgon and thedourty, olctors, an. raiasiugtali-roao andatMr.Natha ohald'slandfand timberout2icer,o02 Boralten-st,Tet reas-trefot-F ie Farm s,te toaiithg freae,% u cotaii abou Im.T.Ad abcres,o near Otley,c onontarinige3 ands oaluabled ent Charges. ToddR. AlsTheeFO IuD isenstCbrguctled byThUeProprie'goto of.,toe SmeLL ryAmcd I atto the White Horsine otel, Ipwinh. ton and ortof oodrido, nd he ouny twnsndoratlay b std.atindo Noewih. Theyeamprie Sutthold Ferr, Fiarm continis 36agshl by SEL. baha WeCIOer, totetaer yth aounl acesond etins,T P2eer-treeinarm, lotl, cnnontrig 0arta,PRFRL andTAT 24g.Wn od Thn WeOdinge, nerthey conitalnn 13z setore occuapi edrbyamrCare Tayodd, DiAlso.heevto-naeRntudChorgee in Ieu of ihr rsn u ofith abose-budnaned abut 0 Ferry osarm. nodfro aebleigt at. K Cobbyolderat.. anP s dtb,1ll ecitv articularsa dandt cntinofat,whplnofthe farm, witshortly beeIsseduean minb ada towihe sn lace oAtsooof .outnacinerWod Cbatiedo ofd Mear.so ldctrsdg n Soly s6olicitors,a South-stge leinr.ht'ladand t imber- office r, 62.Moor atens e-treet, Lodn A. rfotu.le iandlet Fmpreehol Camm.earcEast Proertyam NeandoLnn M Rfl. LE,IFOHILD is instrtuctted by the Blopretor to tLE. SELL by pbi AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Mod ., ugstLI a 12 f,or I!, it1 or1 n one lot, a potantoFe veryI valTaTle, in thES plros of Wedn, Canneatreeth capsta, mwhicho oav beant rebetlcmplwitheril ia oanuisin t oe Loynn and betmncrwicth.y p oswsgeat farm-hougs, winshituat-hiodng,bv abu 20r eMknclosures ofuseulirbe evatind Dand Jameftes u D 'wirdthevannra senfot ofnd0 cos,vItiselnd-.ae:redemiez, isreuboectstoria emilh modu cotin liumeossl of tihe, ndth prchal chares sin cyoderat-ou. Partlcsllarsandhcapditaln fstarase,whand ofgh thces farm willy shootly beu leted, roondmwayehobedtth pricipls,al-n ini Ngrnich.on,ecand Easth therabhen. aths Gapitay'Prtof Maestr. Chatyieldmand chart.slcitors,d6, Anstinfonirst and atl. res etbefarhily dwlliddtimbouer owithcer, en2, doorgae-etee acity. aios splu wareouse, ofees andcoutreet wemsont. efs.scn n hr floo;ad aitl. hp anFO Id ielas onstrced byun theoor ad lo basee ,121i. TheselLt by publticsUCIO,at loGbLnarrabayoonmpationof Auguspztor6,at1 for. D. In JobeEotths ery valuable Prentl SleS, th. toabe-adin NewCCannon-street ws,wihhavehbeenpreently coplete inedima,btihavoyet atvery triking adp atracti Telenatiren,tandi ared fitte tap Wihevery comfy,ort an leasenteore. Theas froSepat.e ore fin-arutoieestahigh,mneonta numefrost clssitheseo firstrat'es offces grandvcontIng-hos el(4 in alli, ceitha caitual taircaste und ulh accest oto every room, focurpyron rommedwater-csseaes,ison ma o, beadIoariculgarsad connetdwithn th e abve, thosU e aitagPesie a in may b harehouses,rowaycs, an ountingrs roomdson the firadb.-second tanthrd Weaoers, hand capitbalchostadresets onda thesgroun Lefthlooradte3 base mencrgt.eTheset lst-naed cardmstovewsbav lon obeenInted occpaioo thoselaboenmdi,e annstreet, whi-sur.-eune1mch ale alpemetunoc esti.MAtNedLt£110e annu TheIenT areesitel street. Et Companyr , on MnaAgat 4es, a12for 61 eehe wromlept., 1t3,ae gURoIUnd rantd 10pErannum. TompraD bank, zn pbicromany,d or spereandti adrestabishmabento theli-ora cloeo habese pareis ofeard gutadvataes, gtofbas wells ind touheintal situatio asnd thleaopfrausua Parn-tcular, fand conatogns bof sale willsshorlys issued, and muay be hadp tat Gaanyoos, n h mlatce of feur.rnidosditcdure insalletrorsed Catnvgesa'hadl Rats) reisehalstret and at thessrct.onefcrsd' offies,1 A?, BMoorgate-squree, whore crd to vLiewpmayce, or 1.Bta cined. i,civ 'Lownder-street, Belgrav-square.--apio mousehol Furniture. ariduu B dSEl l Efecs- to 6 L by byUO AUCTIon,o th PeinPres ies 36 , Lown eE-t - onTree.Et-wor,n Isday, Aug ustt4, at 12prforse, the whole ofthvaube d thderFURNITUREan EFmpFabil; caomprsin biurchand Amironbd eatreesisandote bedding, maoayfsireoSpa, mahogany aingd wapndwomshevand mandachaso dresigtalswebs,-m-wbld-toopabe panr ofhe card Etales dresing of lchairs, sofhaas and cocesoirclar gandele,audopo-faer diningr ltabe,glaze mahd oganewookcse drwigrusselsucatesan CDrug,na fwpintsd cabndts boos, ocasind hsal. fe artilesofk tablesu toea10oomiced houe,f3 Maybeviewedac thaie Saturdynreeing chand mwornaing of sate. Cataoges bedtomn scthu preises;f and atd theauctioeecrs'oaices, 13a,d geltrv-qa corniefofreri dofsHckin-peye and 12pierchinlan, cilty,ie talowides-mtrbeetop,ehavedsomae apntd masieodemoFuratdturquoCimney andegP1cchGasses,lier Tab16lghs, di-monfor Pais2 lig tas,to~l= lsoother andcMandOrientciv al s az and othe brerta China,enalfe Paiinngs andol pd-toT SELL handso Sely aarv d ELao IOTTae r mesa binstorutd mwoderno diOInner IE wLqoicomty prising maboganytfour-post, rabian aindirnch tbleds5etea wds and opet hngings1 fe, p siet dome-itohairsad .oo mattesss, nd oherbeding fiv Spnis maog any wnke wint-w robes,seven ahogay chea of rawers marbe-top and oter wash- Hrot-f0 arved-hack chasirs,oloungingw suhaiors,and tmoptef pusale tscreens, ottomianteas Rsitencs ofeblueoandg drabtparet cutinsl andibi gitfornocuaices or fivestwindts hme adpe lss itpe tabl wth marble tphAndsomeON and thoe oar-,anouloanday turquoise blu gls prchande9, slier fo 16, Lighs,EitOLfo 12 LigtY cue-lss lustes ortuate Pandsiang clock, pair oarchoice.lr-mon le andeltoan Orielenta aendMand ari chRin per s,m -alseo an sither Rnaidentalis, scag2liolae dinigatabe, no fesat wd, and opening valu ofet set of a8itto Echais e.asy chnairs maogan petedesa wouritnal, two dittn rons foc erasinal hagns Ousl ndtr carp-ieets chins and gAss,tlre. rfieao thectiony precein and morning of Tasic. and catalogehard onthe. pbrenmises,an Wat thsoan Cllsofcks, osre.Janwel an Erlliot.ant raentioc aoldTvaluers,3, andotegravc-stly reornertof Hatabl-pahed and th2,ea 1%ITESSRS. DEB~ENL And ESLORPT are dOirectdg iT resptoSEllby t AUCtION attetmo theMat non Moy gnday, bangert1, sotitnaen bxeingto.rs, silesmyth-ark-jaeweller t orles toei SAn eLEntb tenant Berpat £ er tannum aricsof ah Queen'san tedldene pNtt.2, Shdepark-gpate, noew,vacan.hu cofks,the valisehof£220onomeannum Eatche bethdrooms twandsloermoedrawiguoos, cotbrints eervatory, sappigroes luibrry anid pearys ciaompdt ornacens, andhed fouesi longrtermat threi. lhoeafground mreth of£2pe anngum. May bel viwdo adps-ni ba.ten days rthre at he Ma W;an tte Dezces ofherssb.asl an iTt,uestaythe 'ets, Tnbacioe rs, Ia. Bi`elgnv-aia (ore ofFakn-place, and 12, Biruhin-lano. therahtll OnurselayPithe 1oods and A oire 1TFesSaRth St DBENhA I TOursaa, thea SON wil T1~ eLL,f atotheir-o ooms. a amon-t rest.zentmayrben otHiSedAY, Aug.nt,gatderi, WL-ndon,Jul CLOTHS,M. oree,ad evr,lde and Dgentlemns.attire, silk, satin, abndvlet dreds, puriecres, Tmbel cabi,tbeand bedlinnen , adM fathe bedseUand beddigt, anI mscl 1JtESSRS. DEBE NHAM, STORR, anid SON wieg LLrSpetfLlby AUTIONcllth atthetirn Rofm houhu the noiit,g ntr,hnkers,f soictort, eveuers,FEI slemiths apprdraewelles, ton thei dsLE byow AUCiONy tof valabl PRP MYofnvariou kine3ncuinms Moeniderpate, tabesricsohhe Queen'sdand fidde patrn.Shf rubes,nand era,y imnonmn, th ahMndabi, tehe ingratvaiey Tuesday, the 0th, Wednesday. the 2th, Monrday, the Ilth, I T nrda tine t Wuedn;sdy, the 12th FrTueday, the 20th, Tuesday, the 19th, hrdy h 0h Teoropeetcomisseion oeth amount rio;esoiedtaylbe obanedayron -i-trt,Covent-garden, odo,July 31,le. 3ecnd okshirs.-Vattreupibln amt ever abinety Godes,iFrniture,i Tabe vicinityAoM,reSTOoR, and Sih -yM.WLIN ON willa theCasle ote, n te twnf roomsecthrougThoutthe mothe oft daugust, EFFECTS1 , in 2 ppropria the aftesnoon thbecday folsuc- coridinsay.theall bMonday,ptoeucedh OTday. the 4thos wo Felscreda t'he Cy2 flte Wedntesda, ted0tonghborbo onday, them of2th oc,,i tpriday, fthe D8t dsh nt Winbeduernati. aotsltareh o intoonduaythe fbfGmmn~o 11thCande Hote,an oun r Y deart se~ar. thes fils1 Mb odtgthe rdy obr 2thpney,a a Fedtrmina.ted upz1o5th eoeth a f ae t2.A hs otheprFopFedst aydbeoiewedot, andctalogubyes otsimation daybu prior. a-Koing-tretenurCoe atgaoceup-Jion ofM.Cmis a eatfo ysearktoyer.shese fleldswllb Farms, sevrld voery ersirrabeaFieldsi ten viiity lof Bras knay k. deamned uo,T norbfothe daySr.WLLA JoNEf eat Lthe A Catlehotel invra thestowngfBememaek ton Thurmsday.d thrs 2ith Ot 1. Ar apurencs,cled Twoy Fieds callfoed ti the pwarfshdoes Hoy.Inutaiimmbeditstightonbouthoodof te.towin ofBeOckuocatiin pre parisnouS. Lavid's,% Rctonta inighyesofthemarish aou t.10Dacres,no in the tw Ocuainof Mr. t Ckumicso thae Castl Hommtel, as tesnt ofro bVeadetermineldupn onor bfr the dieso ay oftea sale.dis 2. Alld thoed she In thentlemnurged occuandtionB of tMe, mmisor as them,uthfro yaurmtyalr.ntheIDo Aleldeawillbe alsoesolditnethrirsetarate.pliy,o thamir appuefrtenes,chele uRoynandcbgeAnyfores. oin teparish fof tHay cmontfnn hL0 Pybetimatihn daboth12 acrtes,rvnowrnh occuheatione ofvMr. aobert a ensual p srenium ifro sviyert yeard aitthe rent lof. £110 pe num o . The Rectorial Tithes of the parish of Slli tecuty.o I)avd't nothe tono ierook hch have been commuted at the sum_~7 hl of'th £s0,and l ao hldt for th pllves of assgenteman tege 5s, alad agcred ssod gntleCmpanyaed4, and the lif of the00 survivor of them datl the annualrento of £10. ablote abovs,lives arenowuIn exristnce. A2 poilicye thsone oft £1,sl0. paaLet on th deatho of the suorvivor ofitheso the 5.aThetRoftornpo Tithes of thenpa sabBofcLtowewb Inhthercountyaofbeed nor,wicmuebe emsted at the suim of £tbOandisheld duringam lve a lthe same lie5s o. A policy of assurance in the 'Royal Exchange AsrneCm Pn,frthe surio of the ~yalea abovelie, at an annual premium orf2,wilb XSold. wl e 0, with this lot,.o .Aoto ofhthe isaRectorial Titent ofel the payable annually inx respect of loins and 6- For further pariciulars apply to Ailessee. Maybery, William, and Cobb; or Messrs. Thomas ard Banks, solcitors, Brekmock.BLrecen, 23ldJuae, 1856, Sale of Freehold Buildg LodcdDeln-houses -ivPerpooT-T Aldiece of Building Land-ith a Cottage tereon, s. situate on the west side of ge-lane, In Toxteth-park; nucr Liverpool, containing in the wihole 27,154 equsre gards, now in the occo- Patin of John'Vfinter. as yearly tenant. LotY. Apiece of buildine land ou the soutli sde ofNorth-street. In Tohteth-pirk, containilg in the wihole S,148 sqearo yards, lLetS. Apitceonfbl.lding landonthe soutb side or Nsorth-street, in Toxteth-parr, containing iu the whole 3,241 aloner yards. Lot 4. Apiee of building Mand n the north side of Upper Beanr-street and outh side of Prince ERiO lde, in la eston. I lots, Twro dveaine kou9ea on the north Side of UPper Bean-street, in Everton, wilth the two dw elling-heuser behin d the same, and nit the sooth aide Of- Backi Beau-street. numbered respectively 48 cand SO. The rents of this lot amnorotto wSti49. peranunum. Lot S. Two dwellin;g-| houses on the north aide of Efowvarths-9treet, in Everten, aforesaid, num- bered l and 3. and in thc occupation of Daniel Jones and Jane Trwi6g,| and the dwelling-house at the b5ek, numbered 54 in UPPer Beanstreet aforesald. Lol7. Two dwrelligrhouses, in re intorresct, in Everton aforesaid, nmbnered reepeectierlys andll-; also the easelshence and stablest the back of the w-ldprcmizee in flute-street, Lot 8. S.ree dwelling-houses on the sooth sile of Upper licn-treet aforesaid, numberd24, 2S, and 28 welnphutively, and the thre . houses behind the ram, fronting Back Strickland-street, In Proton aforesaid, numboert tivoly-9 11, 3nd 13, ot9. Three dwelliuhou eason the soouth side of Upper Beau-street aforesaid numbered 30, and 10 andthe .ihreo houses behind the5tamne fronting Sack Stricklandstreet aforfsaids numbered 1,- 17, cad 19. aI-t 10. Three dwelling. houses on the north side of Upper Beant-treet i foreosid, nusbefed respectdvely i2, 1, and 40. withl the thro houses oehind the saute and an the north aide of Back Strickland-street- aferesed, numbered 4n e 23, asde . Lot 1i. Two dwelling-house on the south side of ppen Beenstreet aforesaid, numbered 42 and 44 resPectively, with the two doellingdhoose behindthe same and feantlg iocn BtrieleandsetreLt aforesTedauwmbell dOb andOg. P Uipted perrtslaia aod conditions of sate mayibdobtan ediuverpool at the reetave othices of Me- ra, - osndes, Bdeson and Lowddes, Bsvtck f'rtet, n iveredool . nesds Nrst and Son, r orth J.ob- street. kivespool;Mews aroten and Eis, Fetsrick-sireet. Liv.erpool and at tho auctioneers' ofices in. Lives ool and in London; and at the of iices of Mest Sharps, Fieldr Lea 2 ether sosria and AfleDn Bedfor- tow; and ela rs, WesItrinster.-TraProvesl Retl of Xldfor lOyeare. MSSRS. FOSTERd itud SON WMl SH LL by.AUIC- MTE"ON, ttheMarorinesday. August10, the LEAleR sf o.12. ABLNGD0Z-ST1UEcP, let to John B'ithg, Esq. (who ha,l th.roughl, soiio.19, Abinz. F'reehold Groond ItOt 0f zV6 per annum. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL F Eby AUCTION. aLt the Mart, on Tuesday, Apgrp,t 19, at. l.a PIERLD GRtOflh'D RE14T of £7G per annumr. n-ost aasily Os. cured on the hanidsoiue asid architectural buildilegs ail)ed the Mark- ham Arms, situate in the King's-road,. between Bwakhain-swin .r and - Byae.tre,9 licen'ed psbaobo-hoe, let onl lease to hir. John BowenS, the Occupying tenant for 16 years from Christmas. 1857, at a grounitd Tent of £76, at the exp6rtion of which terna the purchawer vnil benitled to the ack rental. Particularawill be redy 15(1aval bfore thesaPle. and3nsy bethien had at the Markham Arms; at tfeMart; and of Messs. Teeter abd Son. K4 Pail-mall. C.stabidgethime-Ths Modiagley Estate, the pr,aperty of piir oaui. Vincent Cotton, Bart.. somprtidng the entire parish Of Mdniy partaofGirtou ndaotooft.isPaih hlterihnth boundary of Zieborough of Camnbridge exttendiig~ over.2,575 acres, together withxthe ancientMBtasloniandi~'ack MESSRS. FOSTERL and SON ore directedl by Sir ~1Saint rincent Cotton to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on e6sday. August 19), at 12, In one lot, MIADLNZGLLY HALL, font mUss from Cambridge an ancient manorial family freehold estate,witha the noble old nglish Mauoston, placed in tlbs CenltrC Of A Park, witl manficent timber and ornamental water. The whole estate is boned byv a coutisinous fence, and lies unusually compact, in the vrbole 2,575 acres, the geaer past enclosed by. niatural fences, asid a reini pn field lands. The amsble part of the eAstot proueexaetcrops of core, a fact new abundantly evidencedz intes euxcellent aspect of the fields: the pack and enclosures aro excel,lent meadows and. Padture; the farm-homnse sad bomnerteads are in good condition, and some of the teannte, held under the farslly.orionsgp-enods ; there are aDubljohou~ windill, andeotisgea ouLtheestate. Madingley Church i within thopaik, and it was 1ibis beautifol spot that inspirod Gray wheni be wrote his telebrated Elegy. The estate is ef great importance as an investment, for a residential g rperty, or 'or a finely iuhernta.ce, and is not witbout Its political, fluence in the county of Cambridge. The lands extend on the high road towithin the limits of the borough of Cambridge, and p'ressnt sites and front-ges for boilding; at prset the'wnnle lean dar the MvEthSeStaeaS au byn theTE mere reNtl wedinrey Wed to av suc fof th Le. inNovedg er honds, atd game isrt abuxtndat planrm s of Clement Francis, Req, Ceud;ambridge hmessrs. Chesedafpdrils. asz Coe,ondaxstee,strand, East-th reMt, Lsondon stee, in-tret, dfittn-st6eet, -snaiL coe Rbxster Pelisminar Annuncment -Extnsiv suVinobio-Propert, In ithe vaiz.sheso WbeigtnArmcah Hp and AnhaFrehl Grouand tRen, aGunt-r ingadso two acorts1,o7 lanlOltos laeat.I per annum; he isPbi-hsuECsM seeadetached henses and Cottages, wi t eth Iamudntin ato £313 Per annum; also about 38 acres of meadow land, garden ground, which meayom toenefpetds tod hewrequred o uligproe in aubm bib t vibwort Moon ns hrl.fo SSS FO thExR and ouidig SON car e d roted wth ouannouncstae for Sbe, dini Noembe inet abo to the art, ant extnsie=udeam alablenwhcb FouEesL ESTAe,be bOlilt iU eofd freeoldgrzoud rslien saond£,171ls,prandnbum,tsecred on abotre5l houttsestn Chelbseaprish,.n :-Bsaarep-trinetandond-streeat, Eo:l3ist-rceti, ond sirabobta ingstreet,sBritten-otreet. Stwan,s-Ucrtors.I Cobedt-t-ee sIdney-~ostreet,:usx'ils,dof ussex-oterraco. 'Vitora-grToverEith. P"rHilywondond lacse, abdonillas, icntarei-place,sandLenafuipr.ticuWelarington armv, thzedi ts H peandper. edth un Arms.lt Saleo.-near theabv.intz [igam aish, Bedanf3ct louse Carnd detold houses and, ottlaiiages a,le atreina w amont ingut£31 pert annum;and abtout 58arso mao ad,gre.ron,tw meadys UTIOwNfed, and telRase.here induihamd-which, onEI vDew,wl Aufg. musat shrty fo theeuie COLECTrONsofa buldng, bemacremoed wt ho ouses,Tisestae wil bOe dividedsting aout 120lets,o the ploreig a nd log o tose eass, ad te lad ubuil onwil bee prcele Spouctto ui Gurchsveorsplans Oar prepaing desinmthe meantiole nyinfoprmtie on maybe obtaineda o~f Mess Robn, soneand Tomy~_pecaln sleitens 48, ConduitrostretcBnd streetal and of pesrs Fotr,n.almalTeprne MR. GODDARD haa received insstructions to SELL Mb_yAUCTION, at the GRooorAms. 21GOdBodstreet,paHS DAm, Auig. No, atnd1 th gandi 0 COdLLECTIOvn of par gnornan, with oredn Englihe schools, amorngs others whemHeado St.uPe ter.mSpagneartt dun; 1and specim ents of Turner, Stonmd MoeahAlano, Cfivewll-b.il- Moc.To be iee dayu prerusy ane mrnngofslebCtaoee maybe hAdUaTIteOoms and at'bpz Mr. Goddard' oAugcs, 14, ColemanstrSEetD0 IciMN. ,Hetrtesreipeclubrh inestamentboroccupation,olttoh very F respectabletten nt,andtpro ducinowgroa n renta of £11 per annum, ob i-d ypmai; aricula mODa RDe obain eied oMrWingatructoonsitor 9SEotbLL cout.IyAUortIon, atrethea Groseno MArms.na Grovenr-pr Codambfierwel-54a, Colmnstutesda, Auguty. t4feSpeiLinfa o FOR. vW. AuStaNtiWl-eece and wea'nnioh tSeZe thtCte blaeing No, 9an G2a-ndr 10rend 1w, rovNOr-aT nrh wt dn atrterear, let at rentsb reofv1 er annu eaho os,lemd3yer unexpisredu tgon ents. 8 r of-tet G£oper anm ah As,r,eel-ul DwOll7ng-houses.troe, ,2,, r klne-lga n 0 yi-tret Brsrd-tc W Rth let AtSreNtasAmontL tos about £14prannum,d helnfo sttrm oioSyers,matagrun rxenutor of £ tco lannuM: anud a Free hold Teemny wUCIth votlesfo thoedrofbyin pril-treet Pckhtact. Tonh bxevlhesredbyuermsday. PArgticuar ma be hlLadly ofi Messrabl Chete eeand.Sos solSIcOs, beldinorteun-b pited o ter. B.2Sum ers, . sellChio;stm 'as, Tower-street;rate theun place of els te mat Mr. God tedd Cla eoemn-sthpresent.laeuo amnto eWpe iniuk,enbthroh-undrentmaVeryeliilue aedfrhodIvWetimnatth MatR. G5OreDydA iirD l recive -insrisiopto SE0.PttcLL bya con CtiON a, atth M art. ImeronnWeneda21y, Agut1, aicto12, LEAShiehOllDRESIDENCf te. Nuco.ee. MAtHrcutestrect, lt oskenburg. square, itoposie Carpdgin oflaoh Clark, Hoqt espcaletnnt.t Par7,Ticlarystmayebe obtaikned fM. IWigate solicitore. nobl Conhalt- court ChonmoctoGn-streblet:49 antithe Mariet;-mei and a .Godderd' oaluaces64 Colemn-strvieet, ci0ty. M3O oos e vlal n fin Bones.auI he aoe o benso tho announcetht h MRTh. Am SPINWALL i aoue-ih mre AUCTN,ont IONrm - of The FdRNITUugE,a dvrtsd tolowr taye polae atd ino 7 Gloaves,r-steeat. wni aO d otherE PLCE upot n the premiskes,fbutit wilabdreov(nledfandusod.sastinlasa kingfuture ad- vbra, wood.-1, Brevoodk-sahoeet, anrotveor-qne Jablys ; ,tw1vry i. No.a7, tibleystrf eautiful designs.-lont Lareditbas ehol Residencea. niestdection, fromstlyhea Excutoks ofithe latdvube MsHosiseontio bELL bycen aUCIO modenlerss,dispose ofMyurivlIate coelct. Daon th Premises, zontGuesdo,ay.Auus Pen at2puntaly hs eibln Christas, IIS, a a moerategroun rent.T evtern aybeauexsttuendd yas beynd thet i parbesent lesase upon payent o £1,000 proanum,m arndzthe gncludndrteuma Gredkuntetfr, also by Gibso,ate the antqcondritins hd,nnof Mesns Ptem hnsert adicley,wngl,edowldrieos, 10,Whiehal-paceoro th autioeer IS flookste thGosenr andoCanelsmlases, Caint, ahontiou- Orethonta,Pndl n te Interesting Cthe PEaitns, beathimulmoesina clpuetMrlead fhInEXConEs, and Thwholtn-eaCotWensofth Mnone. rm h sttion, fromnty stueatreintan opten part e lf Hul'unt ELb AUCTmO, stable,andmgarden hnTelda Auusor nfoleig a mangosioand c ympisigtapsthry 1 Brulelsadturet araa-obecn rdh ossmssieofnwit and,geld,hoabame tigued sai daak un,tlp rebra. a bod oe vrowd. mahogny candle Oher tabes;aa w eyfn mosr.auctabeiofnbeaut0. iful fisin,o ave itfoe,oihdga byo ancen ThudmoderEuarte, rs,nluding-e ?dnlo tffdl. aonlavy, Oresont SesGide, andPer Waitllasanserabatin sitfluhebrones, incudigteGreekt Huunter0, als by Gibson, rare andl ani.tiu ORIENtal dinne and oThurcinsqar thrvies,twinredwarrobes, aond theausua beqflooers of 11bed chambers. anpdter domesticu ofics; somain torar ofabooks, nrMaoy,b virewe onbrthe Satrdayg and dindag precedin and moringsl of sal, anld catalogueas, had goundth premise a- laseo the manstion, wile saiaoldeatn purnctuallyMon tho fiest eday,T cua rious, coihe. and valubl cell5ar rha of wie wl esorld also,on and premses on the ay proyt the sath, atdctaous ,ad8f,.Gd Wesita scroyidohn,dSseyt-reas,o a spenid Rosolene Tande Mous Gand ESS~FRED. GOXDWIA wil SELL by AUOTION, Mtthei Preomiss, 47, Thfordntrn-eanerth,nTe PaynAugust 12Ia3 DAYeisl, ath LEAforE, winthimmedithe aposession,erf theondLAd FRNITSUERE 47 Toomrntun-drathg West. Cydonin ronean mle rom th enstaton plaanl sirtuate ino en openart ofhibthelon,apiendith conch.e houle, sitale,and gaden hel Ofnorbl eas at £4-las. ed. spier annum Also,al the Lveraseor1 yearns.,a £1gprannumtg, ofd thebDwetl with possesson;ads, siatO ath Isamegtinmve, theocebiol,ndtr 1oflothe 1W,JSRS IE. GODWINM wil SELL by AUCTION, JJJ o th Pemses oWedeaay August20, at 21ifodrI,fhe hell buitgeeIadeNCbe, NoEAS. TuLDssuae inTAe, beost pDrtof rosp bouen, having theen dorscetoyf bed cambein handsomet recetiona roomse orooms,e and uiteabeofces hoe held for 0yars ater £18 gpwroudsrest;yan at th same toimrun e,nthe Ainlamo,yodernofumthne. a brpzetovitewe 10l days prioly-recothed sale,.and ,2 patiuar and ofMSsr. Suttonardnd QOeem-rannyd, Savesingkhal-iet,eolic13i14ore The furnitretonboviewed wVin,g3tolkn-rosacd . H elgowave-e2q3uandr Upeeel-et ae Capitalnscond-hand aFreehored VaZ sp~lendiyConolTadMble, wt Gulas ovte,an aaov Parle tofnbgleyCimes-pectabl tens'anta, iandfherths,rTwo valu etiatle douainl Guns 'hole ok anoducWetlpy icards,; Fhingfo Tacklne, a qAntity of Paido9 asntingean ytravings,arbeutiulChrchts Hratd theoircRooms11, rorlad-ehtbree, Gnearth PaThroneld THIn UNis TUo E Mess comriin? dain g 1Ird:dCoom,sdiningoroom, rand -lbrtr chais, ofa, cuchs, ad esy hais, abEles o evry ind a magnirod-' ctrent,suite ofcuti froam Roethe GratdBl Ehibitions,a spolenddosoleet alsoendsevrlohus of mallaterdimxensins gand cottage,fand cbistie pianfrthes Pandeboarsn okae,abatfu.oold ots,h. SEmneretShlroe.-Important Manors, Farms, 1m.ian oft Raish, Advrow- son, and Fzlates, near the clipy of Bristol. 1 MESSRS. FARGUS Will SELL by AUCTION, at Au the Whito Lion Inn, BrigtoL on Thmsday, the 7th day of Augut, unlss peviusl disposeea of by pDrivate contrc,v , all Io'clock in th afternoon, the vlunable FREMEOLD 3ANOR, advo'lowo, farms, lands, cottages. and estates, late the property of JamesAdam Gordon,1E; doca d,byoerderofhis Trsteessubjettosuchecon ditions as wiji then be produeod, and in 16lote, or such others as may be determined on at the time of sale :-Lot L The Maneion of Nalab, with iti pleasure grounds, garders, woods, and appurtenances. together withthe homo farm, situate inthe several paishes of Clapton, Portbury, and Wms,hall, and containing together,aecording to the tithe-admeasurement, 221C. Ir. 28p. The msaneon of Naish is surrounded by delightful pleasure gronns is sinate on a lofty ewinence, about ei2ht miles from the city of Bristol, contains capital suites of rooms, andall euitable and convenient offices, is in complete repair, and fit for the residence of a family of distinction. The vies ifomm the houseand pleasure grounds are beautiful beyond dcerription, they overtook the rich and fertile vale of Portbmyr, tho oonfuence of the rivers Avon and Wye with the Severn, the Bristol Channel and the Welsh 1ilIs. Lot2. All that the Manor or reputed Manor of Clapton, and thb mines and royalties thereto appertalibig also, the several capital farms, knownas Sperring's Farm, Court Farm, sew Farm, Wick Farm, Wellles rarm, and Staubmy's Farm, the Black MEorse Inn, at Clapton, and several cottages and gardens, all situate in the parish of Clapton contiguous to lot 1 aua containing together 591f Ir.20p. Ahosthoedvowson of the Rectory ot Clspton wch comprises the rectory house, 35 acres of glebe, and tho tithe rent charge which stands commuted at £20 per annu. Mines of coal iron sa manganese, havobeea found isathias lot. Lotall to 12. iXdlnn Yot 2, and curs t is the Macsnr of North Weston, anad several capital farms lying in the hmlet of MoithWeeton of abonu 70 acre,% 40 acrts~ and. 210 acres, some cotteges,-and other doses and with the Mill Farm, of~ about 910 acres wh ich'i no f or saletretch to the lhirtel Chanel_-.ndforma.domalnwhich any Egish% getleman miight be marod to own.Amogsttheothr lon wll e funda oapits farm of About x~-tim-o6tponenimunof E&1e-_W3Tel8eld ZdAtste, j' . DEBENHAIMbeg to anhounei6that-the SAMiE k'J of 'he FREEHOLD IlTATI, of il) aces,. at Wyrelas.iidl.sc.ad,ertised so take vlace at the Mart, thig d0sL Is isnavoidslab y- F'TOKtD.-Eetoite flficer, S.Cepie till DAY Augit 1 at ho Mat, t 12furI,- witi aut the mlig.htestM B. ]BFXN H M wil'SELL,in twolots,(unleesCII ire ofric patur Iad~ hou t.i w le -nete new tto at THIS DAY. lit the Miael, at 12 for 1, ~R. DEBRINBAM will SELL (some absolutely to Althe high,at Nidder. and the remainder ziner-st .itbout reserTel T~W1NTY-ONE HOUSES. in loto, on the Clhancellor's IAtwtte. Hamsnlerernith, asnireviouslyadrertL-Ad PartierularsatEOs,Chea.eIde. -. R . DEBENEAAMwill SELL TWVO COPYROLD BOUSES, ith large. gardenp, overlooking the LozdG.-deldd, jizan3ne,l: and a short Leweeold Reid,en.ce in tbellai-strect,near Victeds-park. srei .l'roajth-isolfles~, S,Clreapside. lTili DA.Y. Lt the Silart.at 32for 1. M R. DEBENHAMI will SELL TWO noble -_-GOTilCl stone-%xui1t, MANSIONS, close to the garden entrance to the Cyystal Palace at Sydenham, finished 'regades f expense, and inreadiness for inisndiate occupation. rtclr at lihianflices, 80, Cbeapside. THIS DAY, at t-he blart.. at 12. fir I. XI.DEBENHAM will SEELL EIGHT LEASE._ ,LtL HOLD IIOUSES, in Jcins-sreet and Dove-row, Goldemaitles.a place. Hckney-road producing £891 ItS. per annum from W&eeky teat. Per'c `arst biollizes. SO. Cheapside. Tuesday next~-Mo3ern Houstehold Farniture.cemoved froce lolineton. ThuIt.L DEBENHAA~I wiill SE-LL, at the Rtooms, -No.iK. 21, Old Bond-street, an Tuesd%y next, August the 5th, at 12, oetthrutrtserve, theo CONTENTS of a 10-reomed HOUSE: corn. '-rWnig Ycenab Arabian, sfa, and olber becds'eod, feather bseds [rid teddng.etoulo ud seel marle-el, ashtsrfs, clxrsti of drawers, gloses beiteo,andothr camer ppedogs,damask window cer.- oC sale. Ctolune e atrtheroos;-il and o the acine,S.Cepie R. DBENHNE will SELL theMr,o buUt ux-romed MRIVME H 5UWE. with Gsresie,He 4 Hethto r Asnetable tenached -who Ping ithe lralrages Lardnt taxes, pirivate Rtesidenoes for eccup~ation, sand capital Shop Property, welt Iet, a d formio an excellent Investment, 1~I It DEENH IOIwfil SELL, at the Ma#,± on itL Wenesdaynext,August 8, at 12 o'clock. in rellarate lots, FOUR ubstntioly-bilt OUSE, wih shps, Nos. 2, S. 7. and- 8, Hamlto-terae, dvataeouly itateon hehigh road opposite HighuryBorn anietto 1estblioestandresp-ectable tnants - It)prvat rsidncs, o.4. HRihbury-ararkscnta 4s.3.5.nd: Hsmlioa-paee, nd 2to 6. Its lanl-terrace adjcntaloahdsm Meld-court, Gray's-inn; ofW .Cvstn,Rq. oiio.8 ry iso-square ;at theMart;ada r echmsic,8,Cepio In go William Morgan, deccased.-Fincniey.--Sereral genteel. well. built, andceinpact Freehold Cottage Resldenses, inarepar,ateL loin, ~PDEBENHAML has instructions from the Mort~- 1t~IDlNCE, wth arg gaden. kownanGrove Vla,cerul Machey Old Chu ch, uro honthee eresbiltmintes msebtaic ofOadnronithe, rear of the laeforemsentoepoet.Pr tlicilass of Mr. Joiner, 4, Grove Vilas; attez necHed icly at tte Mart ; of Messra. Nokes and Soo.aeitr.eog-rdLo. b3ard-street;, and at'Mr. l)sbenhain!s offices, So. Cepie A Collection of lditelineous Property, belonging to a gent-leman about to lea-re England, 11,fR. GEO. ROBINSON is instructed to SELLJ, at- ikhis Rooms. 21. Oldl Bond-street, on Wednesd ay next, Aug. 6, at 12,1 0OtvdLs. of BDOOKS.hTidhiocludethe besteditins of Shakespeae &rtt.Byroa and otherso; Naturalist's Library, 40 vets.; the P'enny Cy,clremedi andMagaineromplete I Hogartai's works,. large rise; Donx Pirlos A,Itms,lare ape, ithillst-atouon India paper; a large quotil ofprnte an MS msic piturs nd rins,clocks jewel- anddagereotpe pprars, panoort, baomeerand thermometr,anda rea vriey f iteestngmiselancusobjects, May Monthly Sale of Pictutres and DrawIngs by modern artists, the origi. aslitY of which will Te guaranteed to purebtes 1~r.GEO. ROBINSON's next SALE wil takep .iV&place at hi Reooms, 21. Old Bond-street, on Thursday next, August. 7, t 1 precisely, and wil ineludo specimens by the unuder. mnentioned artists - ArnrfieldDo Fleury W. H. Knight Roberta Bromley Fisher Dfisi Iossiter Brooker Gilbert Newenham Stuart B3uchanan Hayes, A.t.H.A. Iibhs Tucker Ca:derou Houghton O'Connor Vickers Croydon Hunt Fenley Williaims, ic Crowe Jones Pether May be Viewed twro days prior, and catalogues had. Ilihngto n td ClerleunweIL-Toa Small Capiralists sand Buliola Societies. NL S S BROOKS and BEA.L are instructecl to ~ISELL by AUCTION, at GarrawaV4e on Thnursday, August 7, skt 1l the following lon LESEHOLDS, in lots, viz. :-S, Brunswickparade, Barnsbury. Msliaton; also, A T-err desirable House and Promies it orkshops at the rear, situate ~No. II, Corporation-l%ane 9 =ekewl; and a very desirble comnes Shop and Premises, with coach-house anid stabling at the rear, situate Ne. ?, Corporation-roe', Clerlenwrell); let to respectable tenants, ata rent of £50 per unnum. Maybe ieed y ermsson of the tenants, and particulars sand conditiou of sale loa of Mrx. Francis Reeve Jones, solicitor. l& Nemr Church-street. Caniherwell.-To Buildlers, Timberdealers, and othems R. 0 F SAYR wllSELL by AUCTIO.N, ota m thelli~~,on Tuesay.Auag. 5.andfollouringday atlIfor2porecieely,tbe rem3ainingportion of tbeexoelleatl'ATEgIALS of Stansferd Hous,lie,-asolthe SurluonsStrcktf at Builderd:s includfing vpordd of1,00 ~e~h~%predjoiFre'ework in elzbta adohr ahs dor W.s raig T 0 turs prepare byorn bA'UTIesONOleat Y trk pain Hand on iody,Ag. 15, ueesratebydr ectters ofsthe andepltors, sond oldsteesorinu ilnbeg beards, andtassfinhenitenvariety ofrother usefumterial l Onbvew Ltwo dayd pier.twhe catalog ue motaymh ha onthe prmies Xoroftheauctionateer,5, sntofnellparod-tcare Up per ame um,se dhlsyvry.wgadTet o og em nnz Ro.- e-ley,Wilonste, StM cojuioards,Shre iteh Mrdl .e 1AIMRRW.LT.A will SEL SL by AUTO.ate i3at,onThON,at [Itear,oFrday, Aug.st5, at 12i,nn lt by odireto of tIme Execubmtorsala abeandl losteg oEgf M. ober eas,lTateS ofithKingo'ies Farm, ortlake, de4o, ands 8, Perem6,an'sbiding Nrhapors-sheraale, merSt, Matnhed's, Churedib, LwerthadjWe gtop dtheng Ther whokbuletproducing aNrac rental odfab 1ortalOpe atnnus.Thel abdthespacoputsbnolter'snrd toe gr. oremd nforh alterm egpiyringp2thbl Deemer,uta 1re2,at amgoundin ret o;F e5per annu4m. tabeldvoionwed bofyapeiarsuntohexpledantve anewd payiculrnsshad of thess trenants PandSon, v8,t Aingel-ourt city atrth Martore o r. T.Awod auctioneer, Wlro.cy andld a g . ewotnSor lake, S~urrey. .pe-sre. si Saimpeortant SaLeesofrvaluableLeseol EtatesP,eitat if Horthmp annhum, nds heldos atner othweroundh tatmorl iem, wnnn ofSailo-oereenlyfit( inhgra cojntiote regr ths (Ire C. UlIELIwl F R RwilSELL by'AUCTION , tthoat,o nTus day,cAugutnt 1f0in ninero lots)th wholderof the oectors FTTINGSirAblEaNDAGtong thlASeabove, includingS c5onblgof gavs slnduerrres. Churc-ih, ls Low r-r ketad,sitto,M fethef oaromrick-buithuse, 1 Homrbe. top 2,ffee tandlea, rstumfeonsetreec ndothen imiationhullrosewo carem,s in letherear,nit damrktoree yards, sheds and-ea glargpes twf gaerde ground-theO whol let to hihlarspuable lWc aten lckandesat smote aounin to tilOper nnum,and hldnfe Pon;eres,to yearstnlcuerped, at vr modrble groun reont, beingd o nly±2 fr alotheti whonalepoery Ms ene aiewd bypsiermssionro the ietoenats. Prtrds,with pleas,im- o thad a'te pitme Mart anod0 numeallis esec.. Moacior 1b. HewBread-sreet; ofd mo.mungofsael, audcationeer,s,baldoon cty; an ' s d at t.hewbau'. tinofllees_5 Waurch-row,Upertre, IslWgingin Sevill-house Toeic serqultaDi'lo teran Poprietrs.o oe as ME4fR 0. FULLEr,adHRE will SELL by UTON c A1 ThePeIses, To-mSrrow, Aug. 2, at Il for 12p7rekse time (On acouintof thResd num earflt, the lliwhole inVydrwo of the siPTIG n cPPnDiaGES o the abNT tedov, includink iSnol giascndelofers,A 10J DSTIngLE-lgh Ya bhracet ditto, 10ufetiofotmn sUs eating,w1 , marble top codffree inlersa 80 stufe erat, I ozenpimistaton rose,woodchair drnClEatherand damlese, three large rim.ln chiamne glasses, twod prierglasse, 8arg by1.ar valuabl creshnch mantel vaock candelarac, suitrelso ritch dapmaskowindowcuthaa,idnumeprtis,twoer captal counters,wit marbe tWps abeoudth2e yeard of neweoilcloth, tiwy rected.atnab renc ransdrequisiess for the bssinessEgethuawtho the furnitur of the Griate apbten-inwLMtesl, and numrou effects, onThMsay be pie edvto-moso Cand lorning ofd earts,eadcatalogues had on the premises, andeat the au-ik ltio ndofcr WoarckwoodnrOCie_1, Gayse-Imea. n fMms tle YFosey Bilitr-toet capity Dsiles.d tes IV R.SJ. J.FURGLLE is dinOtedE biy SheL Adisi T1OX,atGTION, THIS nTeday,,Aug., t 12, at theorks, Old OaE common,. mweedn,neartte Itaway Sati-o.s-eiionlosb deiretionofmter fAnsfigneld(unless andiacceptabeoffe b pevain ously madienb rvtew to entrtl,h the PAN. Ut aoensilms,s and StokenTradenosed onyaPTew DsTILLandYn thfr bsee lrg wroeughalt-on tstils nhearablytnew, witho wiutorms:o threebcmhowevstel, wihceart Deetor endat lhas, worms; zinc tin, ande tr receiver and elgtens frepuneps,v two womugst-i dron cin -hera itemboense nehofrtoo and t.e regar.ein pdipes,t thed brick wrorkmagt rtns rsig il pigvnadtak Sp arl ptch,eoU buanheou aphh andinfo numeroustln othereffaes Ainthe same Time will eSohld the Lease ofrth Potremises,ealy erete,anodeor-t rainged expr eessy for tebrniness, ituteo thtedaboansof thedGriand Juntio Caal.andoccpyigf Mssteso about half Son, a lcrieltors a1 be ieedtil te a ad he ffct onThrsay previourks. Cats logie nd artiulas mybehado h premises; of enrra,Lnk-t late andHackod,soliito, Sr-ae nofMeesr ofTttlerhand VlosbeLreashold Public-hoseband WinaesVut.Xntr-on 1`0rR.J. ne . ORILL i. a d W iretdbSh di ToION ton rrWensay', AuTgust D,a1 utt 123 t2OIteES oftansfeld-lace di ndion ofrotxnut ofrhs anra fo adntw to fenihw.Te bv rmss aebe lmsdol e A Valuable Freelhold and Tithe-free Estate, corn- '. pxining the Blacrkbird's ILeys end Saw-pit Farm%, containing together PIZO&. 2rp.tp of capital land, with farm-house and home. steads, all conveniently arranged, entranco lodge. anud labourer's cottage, The land lies very compact, 'a well watered, and ham excellent roads. TXhe house is approachedI by an ornamental avenue of trees. ULe 2. A Freehold Mesl'urr of Am-ble Laud. on the north side of the Garaingtcn-reod, Imowin es Broken Parlougfor Hurst's Pie-ce, containing l0s. Ir. 2p. Lot 3. A Lessebold Estate, at Littlemore ooDteining lOla.2r. isp.of excellentlterid,togetbrr with agoodresidenoceand homestead, sitrsote inthe village: the heols and-gardexn are now in the occupation of lr.Wceftbrook, Let4 A Freehold brick-built Cottage. iu Litttlemore-ellsg in tho occuipation of Mfr. W. 33reiAmsell. Printed perticlam and further informaition maLybe obtained, r.nd a plan seen, on appliation toMr. Benwell, sell. citor. 2_ Magdalen-bmidge, oxford; of ostrns Walker, Grant, anad Co_. solicitors, Xing's-road, Gray'-inn, London; and of the auctioneers, I', iizig-street and Littiexate, Oxford,_ Uity.-lndex an Executisn.-To Familirs Furnishing-Elegant Household Paurnitume of enperinr mianufacture Two brillitut and powserfal-tooed CottagelPianofortes with all tbe latest improvernsent, a costly Walant-tres Suite, handsome plate-gtes back, Pedestal S.deboard, Large Gtersee rich cut pile Carrets. Bronzes, Paintings, China, Glass, Sc. : a rortion by order of the Sheriff. R~%j . LETWIS bees to announce hse is instructed to M .SELLby AUCTION, et the Booine, E9, Qucen-street, (twro lo-mrs Irem Hew Cannon-street, city )THIS DAY, Aug.]2. at 12. the PUllEYTUIRE, &e.; comiprising anelegantdrawlngroomrmeiteinhoirwalnut, ,wih handsome carvedL tablc' to correspond, cabinets and commodes rlrbly inlad and mnounted in or-moultz, hiandsme clieff-onters fittedwaith~ p'Jte-glars and statoarym a±-ble tops, aL smell collsection of ialuable gritncadproof prints, hr Herring. Shaare. Sir HLaudaeer, &j.,; biensr,catpicapt "bs glass, &.5s; the dining loomn and library furntur incude twocosly pateglas hel sidebioases, rich -B3ruareTa carpets, noble sotof telesc-op dining tables, eylinderwlritin3 chief. fester, veta of chairs and lounges covered in e1or6cee, &e -; tho prinit. palbe romap'enage ncldeArbin bdsea, wit eabraOf eLm-ATaubeYXfeehdEsat&t, malled Char.picu htheXsor or reputed Manor of Cha.npis situate in theemiroLb3 t jESSIRS. ]3EADRL mua SOIiFVS are inetraciato fratia~ofhe Vea.(Aaooeiee i6hituart. in cessin %kapp o- well known tA Cbamplesas FArm. asitasto us *555 )3,5 fWod Fesrir roaprialag a cOrsvsnientreaidence. Iarsm brasestead,s l, of papa ad oa i-edct-r a Abl nd W - lyig n ran fnc. and leaed to Mtr, ToMas$ Mfain, from hfich*el -ma, I5~SIorOyera at £OOper tzirmuxo subiect. ba dedoetiosi a £90 peannUc, fortbe.hirst four years, owerdedsmringth ohjafa also temanoror reutedrinanorof %hmpOns, with all itsaxights .aul i~a. Particoausad aniditions of ade. 4Uth ihgahcd,s sna beobtIne ofkirje.Gaitty and How-ard, enllcio ,Ae. eonrt,hromotoo-sreetMr. JMa Brch. olicitor C . .m Zwer-A oad-establiahed Ia. .svth C.--mpac rwr,aras c Of lmad, Esatnte in the centre of the town]f1llrcy o-wti siX 31mi5ne e thim Brentwood ESta'on. - VIjE'SSERS. _BEADEL ,and SON:Shlseve r-eeived An-1 ,LU srctions to.SELL by AU~CTION a the Marl5 on Tuesday, Auus~;-t ifo'cock, the, extensive 14tEMISff, IMOU'u-ag-b, Crowm Commercial Inn, citus.te in the cenre ot the tow*n of Iliferi6iy, with comeaset brewery. ranges of stablin)g. cOach-huousre, grananies, ke. AJao the Cahaad Horses, sfrontin the Back- strett. ardThres Eu.: closresof ftomodaionLand. inanedliateU adjoining the towrn. The above property is chltlhy freehold, a smzll portion only being held on a lang leases, And -will be offered first asano entirety, azd if not so sold. afterwArd inufourlole. ParTIculas, with conditions of sale,. map be obtained of Henry Shaw, Esq.. solicitor. 11111cricay, Essex; at the FeO5-Yanabl Frehol Esateon the borders or -uffolkc. wvithin inailsfhaborogh townof Sodhury. theterroinusof the Stoutaley Riwy ME~ B.IR.]EADEL and SOINS bn.ve received iin staructions to SELL by AUCTION. at the Mrt, on Tneaday, August 5, at 12, in oxnelot, STETTLES FARM, a valuablo ned cocapact p ro'ry, consisting of a Dwelling-house, horuestead, and deepstale ashi andpeaoroLind, abutting ocit'hho Isad rad inth paises f eicam Otenand elscharop Walter. wel stutefo Sdhry Car. ur. ndliaitree marketa, MMsa Rap recet i. he ocEeupatan of BI-.Cihl.wos ear xima 3purhue.Prtiul noEDL aondion SOfS aemar e obstainted to IdsrE Lvebyn,Lavie, . atd PoebaThy,nottors 3, FbexaonthofAuplace Old Jer;atelr9ado Mss.Boe n os C5,IGres- a. wli=thanIv moilson, srouhmptond bou Difs Bonsltcey aind dens, extennive out-buIlding~, and ab-ut 97 ocrer.0ofarabieanadyns~tur laud. This proPerty is held undera - ubleirse from tbe Deanandm Canons Of WindEor for a texm of 21Starso, rsenewable every seven years, thus; rendering the tenure nearly aqual to freebold. Fotrther pariclar wllapparin utreasieriseeus,aund ay be obtained of me .Pearoe.'rhillip,inckworth. andrearce,s~liormwrcs,o=sbouse, Old Brand-at. ; an Olf MoeRs-a Beadei and Sons, 25, Gresham-st. 'Seventh Sale ot the SurplusPrpryo h ot odn ailway *RjUSSBS. EIiAIEL and oNs have received. Ian- .1k truations to SEILL by &UCTIoN. :%t the Maart, on Tuesday August9, at12, in 46 lolt.numerous valuabl,ePLOTS otR]BEI-OLi llUJIMlING LAND, franting the Church-road, in the pariah of It. Jebe. Hackney. Also3.Slota efhighly dEsIrbele uilding Land, Ifronting the St. Pajul's-road, and close zo the railwsav station at Higimbur,7. Same wcll.ecured GroundEents, andseveral det1rable Shops, wit-hsesi. deuces let to respectable tenants, at zoDaeratejrents,~ situate in Beech.- niook-place, Great Randolpb-street. Great Conlege.street. Trances.. tesrmce, near the raLilway statloD, Camden-town. Particularamnapbe Obtained of Messrs. Tyrrell Palne, and LaytPu, Esolictora, Guildhallyard; at the Auctoion Mart; and Of Messr. Ileadel and Sons, 25, Greshanm-street. Leigh, Es-e.-'Valuable Farra. -vith Deeln-hue couvQenia Homestead. and about 60 acres of lansd. MiuESSRS. BEAIT)E Ltand SO1;S hnve receivedwin- 43.structiLontoSELLby AUC'TION, at the Ma.t, on Tsezday,Aug. N.10,al, inthoreotsdhe-od ELtEN ELJdhn ,wth&uswoie tedanabu60arsolaITsmd itaenwthi urero i at ret f S.) perAnnu lso an dOubl hae Freodeotce, ditnat on tradaircommon an hldby HeTINryCnnn at ab yearlyo ruentof No, 10,=arbooog.rat,St Jh'wo,-it-laemos valrasecns romerISRS ofFEE HO)L aD SOLDNS % have re eie abov eostaren, havnd atmporesenetfotoagi rpctaTottenbant, atd the ret ofe new3bpernnm I`articul=arshemaybesobtaJed t h Acio dat Bual'd-irng Lanond. tMMADUKEMATTBEWS wvil SELL5 -M~te at THIS DAY, Anguo . ThELV thee osg vlble POio estae, uavin imnoranturb-onag,Hoer - too,2 amd and classRd o theky nwichape Farticularsan at the yowlics, Od JatteTy. ClTxi Valluale --echol Building Lad,nand. otehm ala Station. ~ 1, SEVEN valuable F1tONTTG] litanfOd~rod. artculas ad plns ay ow be hdat teoffices, Tottenhaim.-Verysuperlsr Mansion and211amcrs of PleasreGroua producing on lease £25 per annumr, for a short term, with =ocd'er able reversionary expectancy. AIARAA URMATTHEWSw-oillsubmuitto 1WA.UCTI'~\'at theliart, THIS DA.Y, Aug. 1, althat very superier 3odem-built FAASIY MANSION. placed within upwnrdso6. 1L* acres ef pleasgr grounds6 gardens, to., sm agreeable distance from the high road, at Paegroan, Tottenlhum. possesesg alltthe adjunmets -of ma gentlemane'3 erstlablsheat, and justly consiidered the mast complete re. sidence in this favomred locality; Is -aitin four milles of the city anid verynewr the railway station., thus presenting a most. eligible property for subdivison in buiding plots on the expiration of prtsent tenancy. Ptiursand planis at-Mr. Matthews' oftces. Old Jewry. Strand.-To Przinter suad Printers Brokers. W LEWIS and SON (printers' appraisers and aue-. . tioneers, -wil SELTL by A CTIONq. on the Plremises, 1I, Olce Moswell-coart, Strand, on Thnrsday, Auigust?,. at 12 for 12, the CONTENTS of a BOO0K OPFiICR, comprising four tens of type, with framnes, racks, cba.-ea imposing scones four prs-oes, inhang tables. standing press, glazed boards, Ic. Tobe viewed the day prrceddlng andrmorning of Balea. Catalsgues,with printed spec:imene of _hetyks msa be bad on thre premizes; ; and of the auctioneers, 21, Finch-lane,bolun.- Eaitte r ee&-Vreehold GIoa Pian ILts. 1"TESSRS. EVEUSFIELD andl IIORNE will SELL JIby A'UCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. Auguat S (us-lees previously dipsed of by private contract,J a FRtEEHOLD) ESTATE situate inT Yrk-road, Battersea, the gre ater parff of 1rbich consists oJ small villa residen ces, built in pairs, with gardens, a-nd a tavern; tet at groaind rents, amounting to £500 a year, wbich will be offered in nona ornmore lots ; and in the meantime piLvate Offers for the whole or any inwill be cecolsod. PartIculars and coidtttionr of Wae may be ofMessrs. Baxter. lome, and Norton, solicitors, 3, Peark-street'l Westmrinster; at t-he Mart; and of the auctioneers, 40, Parliament. Westminster, and Coal Exchange. To Stationers, Printers, and othera-3iN) reams of Post too!esap. Letter and Note Paper, Ur.efl Stationery. 600 volumes of Books, sin COpyin Proas, Litographic and Copper-plato Presses, stones,'dc. lIA . P GE illSELL by A'UCTION, at'the .LJ oma,24 Morat-scet,THIS DAY, Augs 1, a112. a PORTION ofthe STOCKof an Export Stationer, Iiokeller, and Pritur copriingcopingbooks and presses, bank-post, large post, pos folscp, to.aunotepapers, coPY books, 2,000 grosa stool pens, Knig. eEngand Miror 30vol.; 03Copies Brr's New LondonI Guide infnrlaguags; to lihogrphicpresses, stoern, two copperplae-pesss, dobtscron Sashpe.Ic,To bo viewed. Catalogues at te roms.and t th auatuaer otiE S. ole an-street. Valuable Mis-celinaou Property, includtn- lMarble Groups and Bronre, Bubiand Marqoeesorl urniture,.OldIlsealen and Oiienta China, a few Pictures, Turning laths by Holtzapffel and Cos., Fowling Plieces and Etfiesby Plurdey, Blanch, and Moore, a Talking Parrt, and other Effects. lIVfE PHILLIPS is instructed fo SELL by LUG- A3TION, at his Eoomns, New Send-street, THIS DAY Aug. 2. ah 1 precissly, a number of beautiful MAMBLEGIIOUPS and HIG aiRuS. ofItalian worineanship, bronrze decorattve buhl and marequiteria ca'binets, tatles, old Dresden china, groups, figures, and ornaments, ak verY fine old Oriental enamelled dinner service, uopwards of 20Opieces. an exPensive amateur's 5-inch centre lathe by Holtzapffel, with %ppa.- ratus, fowling pieces and rifles by rurdey, Blancb, and Moore, and numerous effects, May be viewed the diny preceding the sale, and cata. logu.es had at Arx.Thitipa9s. an above. walcmrgasrshirc.-For Sale BarrylIsland, mear Cardiff,containing about 183 acres of land.-by lr. T. WATY S a teCardiff-Arnnar HOte, Cardiff, on Thursday, August?7, ait 3 for d-in the afternoon., subject tosuch conditsons of soale an wil he then and there producedJ. 1)ARItY Island is situate in the Bristol Channel, Li aboutceigt niodes west of Cardiff, isacecenihie from the maim land by arodopen for several hour daily, commands debghtfu views, is adrmirably adapted for a bathirng place, is subject to a smalz moDaus in lieu of tithe of ]$S. Ad.n y ear.and a-.- arsmallquit rento(f 3s. 4d. a year; is occupied by a Yearly tenant at a net annual rent of LeO, after deductig a rent of £92 pe aninum, subject to wrhich and to~ a right Of fishing and drying -nets reserved to the owner of the rent of £5, the, property is sold: Further partculars and sil map may be ob- tandfrom Mleasr Simpson and uliond. solicitors 10, Henriettastreet, Cavendiab-square, Lon den ; orefron the auctioneer, at Cardiff. Ton0 culPtors, Dealers, -and othcrs.-Thetease, Stock, F1umiturc, DOter. eils, and Effects. ATENTOM and SON are instructed by the Assig'nees: V01rLnsGard-eu to SELL by AUCTION, at 51' westiousne, %vej,Mar'181'07a Bas~Myswauter, on Thursday, Axgast 7. ast lI, - URNTU= cmprisng awn, French, andhatetr bedsateads, Sinanbarmattresses, feather beals and bedding, veasblsands, dressing tables chests of drawers chimney and dressingz glasses, ma.- hogauv chairs and tables, carl~-zma fc. The stock consists of marble and plaster busts and perdestals, alabaster vases and figures, cbieas oreamatsinms,adotserbess. he tenilsinclude nsotdling andf cmi,w'c tuls eaels bard an tratis, c,Also tha unexpiredI termof 1~ yas-sin he lase f te abve esicable premidses, witht outoidins,atheesedinlyowentr£~.Thepremisesmaybe vieefiourday an th Innit,re000daybefrethe sal-. IPArticus. las- an caaltues ad n te pemisa: l H H.Ody, Esq1., solic t-r, 51,Linolns-in-dhcl; nd f 4st uctoners,7,Angel-ceure, Tbrog~. The Grove, Nuas,-on, Willesden, M1iddlesex, the late Rcridencaora _W ~~~Ilcnessm Henry sand Cheslyn Hall. . 31A.SH will SELL by AUC)TION, at the3 m~~esidsue. the Grove, Naasdon, Willesden, onk Wednesday znext, Anustd 6 and fdllowisg days, at 12' each dAy. Ohs wholeoof the exaelent MOZirn sRINITURB and EFFECTS; including bad chambher asp. Pendages of the usual description. suiten for thr dining and drawmns rooms, libraryand entrance hall, noble glasses, a f--Octave borio= grand pinnoforte bv Broadwood and Sons, old printings by celebr-ated~ masters, a collection of mnodeyn pictures, engravings and drawings osuamnental items and articles of taste and Tert, single anad daublobatrreldgurs, servires of ricbly cut glass and china, 1,000 ounc,es or Elate, includjing a pair of massve octaconn-s.ped Ic-Pails, of noble asige handsomely clmaed and engravcdbhoucht at Strawbesrry-hll W abeautiful soup tureen, and plauted articales ih ela ol _nd_T. , able - of the highest charac-ter compr isng abou e oes n G9, St. Pals'schburd,.aL-nporytstClatctiono tadoderra - P~~~ictures, n- BARNS WMill SELL by AUCTlON, as abov. TIES D)AY frida -Auusuti, and To-maorrow, at precive,1 an assermblage of capital %uCTIJEES including the PIesenlain r hoTie u n T rug Frost Scene. VermeulenVe E othe Dutch Coast Vaderselde; Hrorse Fair, wouverm-na and others by Teniers BOth Vandyrk Cocrinhin Osfi3tado Ritty P. Veroneee ieris Berzhemn Cooper Holbein Watt& On view. Cataloguea as above. N.B. Money advanoed on every descriptilan oEproperty forPositive ai d m zmediate mle. - 71, Regtnst-eet.--o Connoisseurs, Picture Deale and othbra- Laportait Colie4tion of Italian. flemish, and Dutch Pictures, MIS D-FYsEda), Ang'ut 1, ad TDo-o=O;3S ,v lineo COLLECIO)N of Italian, Flemish, Dutchxd}DezPG TORPId, aong which-alIt befoundso eyin l3slmbytc followieg masters;. ver exmls- yt Velassqnex Poussin Terburg Jan Stcen Mlurillo - WoUvCr3Urnsn ?ieris Mors Salvator lIes-n lkr_hem . Rubens 'Vandorve]de;&o On view. Cataloguer at the Gallery, 71, 7Ltgent-str*et..' -By BR}OWN zan SON, 2S. For-treci, cli, ona WedaesDap - aeuneratlrapery.e- Police Clothiog;-At Booth's Warehouse, Sll, Budpe-s 8tufE% -. Agust 7, at 2, precisely, by direction of thORow, on Thursday. isoltan Police, .'r sikrob st,u- F'EN Tihousand Great Coat9, blue dres3-efat an2i -lared capes, ins, beds. abee, blankets, rues, Jc.-v MO b Tlewedtwo days prior. ataloges had ou apllphostio nt cbr ooQ> and Sen, usutloness-, 21, Budgs.rwr.
