DEATHS. On the 21st of January, at Port M3acquarie, Commander James Gordon, RS., aged 67. On the 11th of Febrouar, at Mfelbourne, Elizs, the beloved and tifectionate wife of Robert William Pohlman, hLL.C, Judge of the County Courta. On the l1th of March, 181;6. at Port Lewis, Mam-itios, Majtilda Annle, the beloved wife of Griffin Nicholas, Esq., of Ashton Keynes, Wilts, and Captain 5th Pusiliers, Youngest daughterof Colonel Chritopher Bird, late Colonial Secretary at the Cape of Good Hope, On tte 10th inst.. at the Vicarage, CoiAton Raleigh, Devon, Louisa Julia, wlfe of the Rev. Noel Lowe, and daughter of the Ven. L. Moore Stephens, Archdeacon of mxeter, aged 13. On thg 11th inst at his residen3ce Bulwell Hall, Notts, deeply lamented, the Rev. Alfred Padley, in the 69th year of his age, On the llth nst., at Brighton, Edward Curtis, Fsq., surgeon, formerly of Chiawirk, aged 71. OnWhlt-Sunday at9 Hans-tl,ace, Sloane-street. Mfary Lowes;lEai Widow of the late John Baird, q., of Newcastle-upon.Tyne, aged 5Y daeeply lamented. On the 12th inst, at Fers. Ireland, the Rev. Henry Moore, rector of Eibride and Ferns, aged n. On the 12th inst.. at Waterloo, near Liverpool, Alexander Wilson, Esq.. of 7, Symond'*-inn, Chancery-lane. solicitor, aged 70. On the 12th inst. at Boulogne, Louisa, second daughter of John Borton, Esq.. aed 13. On the 12th nst., at SPeen, in Berkshire, in the 79th year of his age, Thomas Newman, Bzq., of Nielmes, in Essex. On the 13th tost., at the Rectory, the Rev. Joseph Jowett, MLA, rector of Silk Willoughby, near Sleafordt, Lincolnhire, in the 7Sd year of his ago. On the 13th inst., at the residence of her son, 97, Lupus-street, Pimlen Mrs. Caroline Easy, many years of Montpelier-square, Brompton, after a severe illnem of short duration, in her 62d year. On Tuesday, the 13th fust., at linckley, illiam Allen, Req., of Leighton Buzzard, soolictor, aged 35. On the 13th itml., at 33, Nelson-terrace, Stoke Nevington, John Pnngle, Faq. On the 13th lnst., in Gresham-placr, Qaeeen's-road, Dalston, Eliza Jean, eldest daughter of Mr. William Dunbar, of Billiter-street, agZed 15 years On the 14th inst., at the residence of her mother, Cleveland-road, Isllngton. Margaret Nisbit, second daughwr of the late MIr. Alexander Wedderburn, of Exeter. - On the 14th inst., aged 50, Charlotte Ann Jane, wife of Edmund John Scott, Ezo., Forest-gate. West Ham. Onc the lith inst., Florence Hamilton, aged 8 months, youngest daughter of Mr. Alfred Mfarkes, Beaufoy-terrace, Maida-vale. On the 14th inst., at her residence, Folkestone, Louisa, wife of G.FM Braithwaite, }:q., formerlbyof the East India Company's Maritime Service, of apoplexy. On the 14th inst., at his residence. 15, Compton-terrace, Richard Valentine lHooper, aq., formerly of Queenbithe, in the city of iondon, in the 71st year of his age.
HMOYEY-MARKBTand CITY INTBLLIGBNOE. Thursday Evening. There has been rather less animation in t1he English funds to-day, but the recent improvement has, upon the whole, been well supported. Consols for money, which closed last evening at 934 to i, were first quoted934 toW, and, after some uninportant fluctuations, the prices at the officil close were 934L to 4 for money, and 934 to ;4 for the 4th of June. After regular hours there was increased firmness, and ope - rations took place at an advance of an eighth. Bank Stock left off at 211 to 212; Reduced, 921 to i; .New Three per Cents., 924- to 4; India Stock 228 to 230; India Bonds, 10s. to os. discount;' and Exchequer-bonds, 98S- to i. Exchequer-bills are affected by the prospect of the demand for money during the next day or two, and have closed at 4s. discount to par for the March descriptions, and 7s. to 4s. discount for the June. The applications for the now loan are expected to be very numerous, and the pressure for money tomorrow will be proportionably active. On the last occasion, when the amount was 8,000,0001.,the total lodged in the shape of a 10 per cent. deposit on the sum asked for is believed to have been about 3,800,0001. * Foreign securities were steady, with a moderate amount of business. Turkish and Mexican continue to be freely purchased. Turkish Six per Cents., for money, were operated in at 984 and 974, and for the account at 984,, 4, and ft. In the Four per Cent. Guaranteed the transactions were at 101and 102 for money, and 102'- and i for the account. Brazilian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., New, 95i; MIexican, for money, 234- and a-; for the account, 231, t, and j; ;Peruvian Three per Cents., 55; Portuguese Four per Cents., ex. overdue coupons, 474; Russian Four-and-a-E[alf per Cents., 95a; and Spanish Three per Cents., New Deferred, 254. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 7Sof. 6c. for money, and 7af. 40c. for the end of the month, showmng no alteration. About 100,0001. of Australian gold is stated to have been sold to the Bank to-day. The accounts from the East with regard to the state of the exchanges show that the transmission of gold from this country must involve a considerable loss. Under these circumstances it may become a question whether the 400,0001. recently mentioned as the sum still to be shipped on account of the Turkish loan -will be despatched. The annual meeting of the Provincial Bank of Ireland took place to-day, Mr. 0. Farrer presiding, when a dividend at the rate of S per cent. was declared, together with a bonus of 11. on each 1001. share, and 8A. on each 101. share, free of income-tax, and the report and accounts were agreed to. The whole of the discussion was congratulatory, owing to the increase of profits and the extension of business. The opening of new branches is expected to be attended with success, and a feature in the operations of the past year has been an absence of bad debts. Subjoined is an abstract of the report:- "For several years the directors have been able to make the progressive improvement and increasing prosperity of Ireland a subject of congratulation, and theyhave seen with mnuch satisfaction the continuance and extension of this improvement, and its beneficial effect on the business of the Bank throughout the past year. The harvest of 1855, though not an abundant one, was yet, in most respects, not greatly under an average. The potato was extensively planted, and throughout the northern and western counties it proved to be a large and fine crop; but in some districts in the soufh, especially round the coast from Wexford to Cork, it was deficienC and inferior. High prices have, however, been obtained for all kinds of agricultural produce, and this, increasing the resources of the population, has been beneficial to the home trade of the country. The flax crop not.haNing been remunerative to the farmer in the years 1853 and 1854, a considerably smaller extent of ground was sown with flax last year. The produce was considered rather under an average, but the uality was generaUy good and the result on the whole satiactory to the growers. The linen trade has been moderately active, and fairly remunerative to those engaged in it. The directors have to announce that two new branches have been recently established, one at Nenagh. which was opened on the 10th of March, and the other at Templemore, opened on the 21st of April, in thepresent year. These towns areboth in the northern division of the county of Tipperary. At Nenagh, the directors were urged to open a branch in consequence of the recent failure of a local jointstock bankin company, and at Templemore, where no bank previously existed, a strong desire for the establishment of a brnch was evinced by the landed proprietors of the neighbourhood and the inhabitants of the town; and, after preliminary inquiry, it was considered expedient in both cases to comply 'ith the 'ishes expressed, and though it is as yet too soon to judge from actual results, there are fair prospects of business at both places. " The account submnitted to the last yearly general meeting in May, 1855, showed the amount of rest or undi- vided profits at MIarch 31, 1855, to be . .. £162,216 15 S Out of which there was paid to thepro- prietors a bonus of 4 per cent. at Mid- summer, 1855, amounting to ... ... 21,600 0 0 Leaving a balance of ... ... 140,616 15 S And there has been further deducted the amount of twvo half-yearly dividends paid to the proprietors as follows-viz.:- At Midsnmner, 1855, £21,600 At Christmas, 1855, 21,600 Together ... - 43,200 0 0 Leaving of the rest of last year a balance of 97,416 15 S To which there has since been added the amount of net profits for the year ending on the 29th, being the last Saturday of March, 1856, after deducting the property-tax and providing for aU bad and doubtful debts ... ... ... ... 99,370 16 S Making the amount of rest or undivided profits at MIarch 29, 1856, ... ... £196,787 12 4 The amount of net profit realized during the past year is the largest that has been shown in any year since the bank was established; which has arisen partly, no doubt, from increase of the banles business, but aided considerably by the high rate of interest on the one hand, and by an unusual freedom from losses on the other. These peculiar features of the past year the directors think it proper to mention to the proprietors, as the amount of the year's profits is larger than can reasonably be expected to be continuous under ordinary circumistances; and this should be kept in view, in order to prevent disappointment from a lower scale of profit in future years. In conclusion, the directors have to intimate that it is their intention to pay, in July next, a bonus or extraordinary dividend of ll. on each 1001. share, and 8s. on each 101. share, of the capital stock of the bank, in addition to the usual half-yearly dividend of 4 per cent., malking the amount to be then paid 21. on each 1001. share, and i6s. on each 101. share, for the half-year ending at Midsummer next; and they 'will also, as heretofore, pay the property. The directors of Hlansor's Olefiant Gas Company have just published the promised certificates in reply to the letter of Mr. Booth, inserted on the 28th ult., in which it was soughlt to question the validity of their patent. These docunments are from Sir Frederic Thesiger and Mr. Hindmarcl, Mr. W. T. .Brande and Professor Letheby, and they all concur in testifying the entire originality of Mr. Hlansor's patent. Mr. Brande adds an opinion that the process is correct in principle and likely to prove practically useful, and Professor Letheby states that it succeeds in accomplishing in a perfect manner that which has been attempted for 40 years -namely, the manufacture of a permanently elastic gas from fatty and resinous substances. Proposals have been issued for resuscitating the West Ham DistiUlery, which was formerly in the possession of Davidson and Gordon, and was stopped after the discovery of their commercial delinquencies. The business was understood to be a profitable one, and it is now contemplated to carry it on by the formation of a limited joint-stock company, with a capital of 200,0001. ii 10. shares. At the half-yearly meeting of the Imperial Brazilian Mining Association held to-day the report and accounts were adopted. The excess of expenditure over receipts for the six months ending the 31st of December was 2,7341., and the assets, including the reserve invested in the New- Three per Cent. Stock, amount to about 5,0001. The directors have been enabled to reduce the general outlay, and the saving effected during the year 18o5 as compared with 1854 has been upwards of 3,0001. Operations at Gongo Soco and tJie other works are progressing, the later reports being in some respects of a less iunsatisfactory character. The advices by the mail just due are awaited with anxiety, as the future prospects of the undertaking will be much influenced by them. In answer to questions, it was stated that the last call of 10s. per share had been well paid, and that if the expected accounts proved unfavourable attention would be given to measures necessary for winding up.T The estates of the company are extensive and the introduction of railway facilities in Brazil muay, it is thought, eventualy increase their value. The dividends on the Brazilian Loan of 1843 and the Sardinian Loan of 1851 have been advertised for payment. The Spanish Financial Committee have announced that a further auction of the foreign redeemable debt will take place at Madrid on the 30th inst., for w hich purp e 2,625,000 reals have been assigned by the Government. CRYSTAL PALAC;.-O(NE SHaLNG DAY, Thu h- day, May 15.-Admissions on payment, 4,954; ditto by season tickets, 487; totr iuto*r 5,441.
IfAILWAY A2gD MINING SHABES. Thursday ETening. The railway-market has not been quite so frm to-day, and prices generally were rather lower. Grand Trank of Canada exhibited an improvement. Belgian, French, and Indian descriptions were dealt in only to a limited extent. Aiustralian Land and banking shares -were heavy. In miscellaneous securities there were few operations, but quotations in some cases presented symptoms of weakness. Ottoman Banik left off 1 to 11 pm.; Bank of E gypt declined to i dis. to ipm.; RigaRailway, 1I to I pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 61 to i pm.; Westei n of London, 5to 4dis.; London and Paris, 4 to 3 dis.; National Discount Company, a to j dis.; arnd Alliance BanL-, 2 to 1 dis
TR1DE I?EPORT. Thursday Evening. SUGam-The whole of the public sales to-day have gone off with much spirit at yesterday's prices. The following are the particulars.-3hds. (1 tierces and 231 barrels Porto Rico, brown, 41s. to 41s. 6d.; gray, 42s. to 42s. 6d.; low to good bright yellow, 43s. to 46s.; 10,234 bags Mauxitius, low to fine brown, 36s. to 42s.-duty, 13s. 9d. ; low to middling gray,41s. 6d. to 43s.-duty, 15s. ;lowto goodbright yellow, 42s. Gd. to 45s.-duty, 15s.; crystallized, middling to good bright yellow, 42s. 6d. to 46s. 6d.-duty 15s.; fine bright yellow, 47s.-duty, 17s. 6d. Privately a cargo of Mauritius--,200 bags, per Mary Ann, afloat, for Ply mouth, at 29s. per cwt., buyer paying landing charges. 494 hhds. West India have been disposed of. S00 boxes Havannah are also reported at 41s. 6d. per cwt. - and 800 bags Bahia at 41s. 3d. per cwt. The Data Tr..ding Company's sugar sales commenced today, and, according to telegraphic advices, went off very brisldy at half a florin above the valuations, being about three florins above the previous sales' rates. COFrEE.-Although the publie auctions were large-viz., 476 casks 620 barrels and bags plantation, 330 bags native Ceylon, 62 casks 416 barrels and bags Jamaica, prices were pretty well supported, and nearly the whole found buyers, plantation at 59s. to 65s. Gd. for fine fine ord. gray to mid. coloury ; native Ceylon, 50s. 6d. per cwt.; axd Jamaica, 53s. to 62s. Gd. per cwt. The St. Domingo cargo reported yesterday was sold rather above 49s. 6d. per cwt., the price quoted. jRICE:.-Of S,200 bags dras offered, about 3,000 bags isold at &. to &s. 6d. for middling to fair heated, and 10s. iine. Prices were in favour of the buyer. LSNiGo.-Third Day'sSale.-The ssle continues to go heavily, and, with the exception of a parcel of J and R W, fine indigo above 7s. has sold from 4d. to Gd. cheaper than in February; below this, fair Bengal has gone irregularly frora February rates to 3d. discount. Kurpah Madras has been difficult of sale at 3d to 4d., and dry leaf Madras, ordinary qualities, at 3d. lower. The sale has required great support, and, out of 930 passed, 400 chests were bought in and only 3 chests withdrawn, and 527 chests reported sold; total passed, 2,S21 chests. TAInow.-The markset is quiet at 46s. on the spot, and 45s. 3d. for the end of the year.
L.Advertisement.]-Knowledge and Education Eseiy Ace qlured.-"John Cassell's Educational Course"-(mark the title l), an entirely new work, the first number of which har been most cordlialy weleomed. No. 2, price lid, is this day published, to be cODtinued weekly. The "Course" commences with "Science Popularly ExPlained." in 4,OO Qoestons upon the various departments or science, with 4,00O Answers, so fmed m ato convey in familiar and very intel. ligblestleanelemeutuy Imowledge of geueralaclenoe. Thework is adm= ablyadaptedfor young audold, inall dawes cf society. Part L of "John Camell's ducational Course,' pnre 7d., wiU be ready mar 30. "Caasells Illustrated History of England,' the first half.yearl volmne, price 2s. Sd. in paper corer, wil be resjy June 28. Londou; W. IXent and Co., ternter-row. and all boolroller. - [Advertisement.]-The "Dispatch" of Sunday next, May 38, will be acoompanied by a supVlement, grats, conta miina ple report of the Thal of W lliam Palmer for the Itugeley oisoningm, Biography of the Prisoner, and a variety of interesting detalls; in addition to which, the "Dispatch will aSo contai an aa l y, entitUled 3The War at Home-Letters by "Publicob4l on IPublc and Flri. vate ExecutionsE-and, by "Caustic," "The Palmerston Concordat"Town 2Elk-i thQzweas Xquiz Wj~icei39, Ret-sret
I_ -Y r. }RAILTFSAY - rE] wG : IU;EORTS OF CO flETES ON R - COLTE VALLEY A-.I) H ArLWAYrr m*r.rsaz.Rux reportea. iror the committee on thisbill that the proposed capitul of the companyis 40,000l., and the& amount of loan 13,39L The amount of shares subscribe& for is 27,1501., and the depoits paid thereon 2,715. There _re 36 shareholders who may he considered as having a local imterest in the line, and the amount of capital sulbSC3ibec for by them is 4,4401. The number of other persons being shareholders is 14, and the Capital taken by them amounts to 22,7101. The length of the proposed railwav is 5 rmiles 5 furlongs, and 3 chains, and it is intended to form a junction with the Colchester, Stour Valley, and llalstead R.aiway. The steepest gradient on the lineislin c0, and. it is intended that thee railway should pass on a level five roads. The estimated oost of the raiway is 36,0001,, -and the quantity of land required 393 acres. Mr. Beardt more was the engineer examined in support of the bill, anct the committee were satisfied of the fitness, in anengineering point of view, of the proposed ralway. HA-mrSTEAD Jux7CTIO_N. Mr. FITzRoY reported fromthe committee that the object, of thebill was to extend the time for the completion of thc works authorized by the Eampstead Junction.lbilway Act, 1853. A reportfrom the Board of Trade in regard to the bi3l upon the general question of extension of time had beemk referred by the House to the committee; but the committee, having fully considered the same in comnexion with the, peculiar CircumUstances of the case, -were of opinion that thea extension of time sought by the bill should be granted. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and had amended the same, by reciting the period within which the company 'were at present required to complete their undertalkmg, and found the same, as amended, to be true. DEES1DE A,,D AxoFoRD ViLLEY. - Lord ST-ixLEy reported from the committee thatthevhya examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, but the same had not been proved to their satisfaction. ToTTNirAm D HOARNSaEY JuXCno-,. Sir E. HMiES reported from the comuittee that they hail examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, but the same had not been proved to their satisfaction. TRAYC R1ERNS. holes Pa- m oer- Tt ma. PAWA ope. aenge. chaudie. 1556. 155 W.eekendiog May 5. Aberdeen and Sgottish % id- land Junction Z. .. -.. -I .. .. - .. 3,1.3, Week ending May4. ThistolandExeter .. .. 7 .. ,256 .. 6,011 London, Tilbury, and South- end Etension .. .. - .. 875 .. 130 .. 1,005 .. 71dEast Anglian .. .. - .. - .. - .. 898 93! Week ending- ay 10. Dablin and Wiclciow .. 34j.. - ,- ., 557 2335 Waterfordandilkenny.. 31 .. - .. - .. 260 .. 226 Waterford and Limerick.. 77 .. - .. - .. 1,0O1 .. 95t Londonderry and Coleraine 3S .G 226 .. 103 .. 329 .. 24s LondonderyandEn-iskillen 60 263 374 637 .. 64t North-Eastern .. .. 7033 .. - - . 33,442 ... 29,9X. Sambreand3lreuse .... - .. - .. - .. 3,15S .. 13. Great Sonthern andWestern (Ireland) .. .. .. 203 .. - .. - .. 6,943 .. 6,40 Irish South-Eastern . - .. 29 .316 Corlk, Blackrock, and Pas- sage.- -.. -.. 176.. 15? Rillarney Junction.. .. 41 . - . - .. 28 .. Week endiug May 1L Great Western .. . - . - .. - . 29,169 26,17,5 Oxford,Worcester, and Wol- verhampton.. . . . .94 ..1,740 . 1,974.. 3,714 . 3.303 East lancashire .. .. 93 . - .. - . 69 ..,19 ShrewsabmuandBirmingham - .. -.. - .. tl,987 .. 1,423 Shrewsbury and Cbester .. - .. - .. - .. t3,327 .. 2,2 0; Chederand Holyhead .5 - .. - .. .. 5,193 .. 5,131t IManchester, Sheffield, and Lincolshire .. .. 1731., - .. - .. 9,009 .. 8,s3 NorthBritish .. ..19 1,52.. 3,05S.. ,878 .. 4,815 JLancashire PndYorkbire 268.. - .. - 22,318 .. 19,102k Shropsbire Union .. .. 29-.. 8 6 9 .. 8 1 L S4ewportb Abergavenny, and iereford.40 . . . .. - .. 2 . 2S 624 Dublin and edibat Junction 56 . - . - . 1,059 .. 1,0 Midland Great Western (I- relaQ .. .. . . .1,971 ..1,75G .. 3,721 ., 3,llt Ediburh, ert, ndDnn- dee, and Scottish Centra - .. - ... - .. 6,10S .. 5,445 Antwerpandiletterdam.. - . 509 24 8 .. 757 .. 53M London and Blac1kwall ......... - .. 1,302 ... 75 .. 1,377 .. 1,2;12: Eastern Counties, Norfolk. andEFastemn Union 417 ..-, ..23,492 . 22,137 Dublin and DroZheda . 63 = = . 1,3493 .. 2,139 Dundalk and Enniskillen.. 35 .. - . - .. 362 .. 2Z9 Week ending -May 13. DublinandKingstomn .. - .. - .. - .. 243 .. 742' * The gross receipts uponi the Clifton and Salford line are now included in the weekly pubHication of traffic; and four miles, thelengtoL of that line, have been added to the milrage. The rent payable for the Clhfton and Salford line is not now deducted from the weddS receipt. It Chester race week. Kt T-,,,i,,5n- 1-af nf +'h. Ph,t, 41n,I, _T+ .,,5Ai,O,,. reeDta. Griisby D2ck dutik r.Wiplta. § Thisa ounoutindudes the ldverpool, Crosby, and Southport traffic, wbich isnot indluded in the oorresuondl.r eriod
THE CORN TIWAE. MAfXCHFT%T h }!AVY 15. An inactive feeling has prevailed in the trade since ourlastreport, caused partly by the holyday character of the present weelk but in thme value of choice qualities of flour no reduction has occurred, 'while foroatmeal somewhat better pricesharve becn obtained. Inother ncles no change has been observable. The week's imports at Iiverpool consiEt of fair supplies or wheat, Indian corn, and Sour from abroad ; but from other sources the arrirals are very small. With a very limitedattendance at our marltethismorming, therewas searcelyany business pass-ing, and we repeat the quotations of this day ,c'nnghe. for every article. BIBRWGhIiG, iMkY 15. At Gloucester'and Worcester markets, on the 10th, there was an increased supply of wheat,for vlich much higher prices were demanded, but the sles made were at little over the currency of that day week. Barley stilU inquired for, and fuliy as dear. O&ts unaltered. Beans_ held for some advance. During the present week the fm rains havo caused buyers of allarticles to hold off, and few transactions arc re- ported in wheat. Barley duU, but not cheaper. :For oatsw e bave a a fair demand at previoris rates. Beaus only taken in reta5l. At. Wolverh9mpten, yesterday, there was a fnUl quantity of wrheat offering, booth by dealer3 and farmers, and all qualitleawere is to2s. perquarterlowrer. There was a]large supply o£wheat atmarliet to day, whicheold slowly ala3 decline of ls. to 2s.pe quarter. Barley gave wray 1s perquarter. Vats nearly rnaintsinJ their vaue. Be°n unaltered. GLOICESTER, MAtY 15. For English whe&t we experience afair sale at fully previous rate3~ in foreign the tranbactions are circumscribed. and secondary qualities ineffectuaUy offeredat a declineof ls. per quarter. Barley ls per quarterlowrer. Oats move off steadily at our quotations. Beans held withD more furmness. EBISTOI, XAY 15. We have a return olvwarmer weather, with heavy chevers. Oarrnarl-et this aftemooon was well attended by farmers, and the demand. for Engliash whBeat slow at a reduction o£ about Ils per quarter. Fine foreign held for previous rates;- inferior sorts neglected. The melting seasOn being nowF almost at an end, the inquiry for barley has slackened. Grinding quqties £ind buyers at about former values. We experience a good consumptive trade inoats at our quotations. Beans a;nd pcsa continue very deLl
FISCAL BURDENS ON THE CLERGY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. .Sir,-As one who has taken an active part in agitatnmz the rent-charge assessment question, I deny that the appea of the clergy is ad miscrkordianz. Our appeal is ad 7utitiamr* and I trust that on such grounds our appeal wiU not be made in vain to the British larliament. You caUl us a. " favoured class," without proof, and mix up many questions which have nothing to do with the tezata guwstio, sofar as the clergy are concerned; for I assert, fearlesly, that the clergy (however "idle," however "favoured," however "appointed to their livings") have a right to. demand equaI justice at the hands of the Legislature, becaulse, as a class, we are burdened by over-thxation, orrather by unequal taxation, arising from unequal assessment. I fear that Dr. Phillimore's proposed measure will not. meet the difficulty. We, the clergy, do not wish to be relieved of one penny of just and equal tsxation. We do not. ask to be relieved at the expense of our neighbours, whether land or house holders. We ask, and we demand, on theprnciples of justice, as fellow-citizens, to be placed on the same footing with the other taxpayers of England. This can only be done by a fair, just, and equal assessment of all "property," whether land, houses. or rentchaIge. Let a. parochial assessment act be passed, malding t compulsory that aU "property" should be at once valu and ued o the same principles, and let those principles be laid dowu by the Legislature; and if this act be founded on tha justice of equal rating, and be carried out on that principle (not permitting one set of parish officers to deduct 201 and another set 40 per cent. from the real value of land anc houses, while rent-charge is kept up to its full value), the' clergy will not only no longer complain, hut will heartily and 'willingly submit to whatever taxes are laid upon them. There is a PArochial Assesament Act, but it has proved a failure. Lord A. Hervey stated during the debate on Dr. Phiulimore's bill that out of 15,000 paihes only4,-00had availed themselves of it, And thateven these 4,003 shes had been very imperfectly valued. sow, in anyture leg,islation the first point will be to make thevaluation not permissive, but compulsory, as 'was the case in the, Tithe Commutation Act; secondly, let the valuation of a,. union or Poor Law district be intrusted to one or twco sworn survevors acting together, to insure equalize! valuation; and, thirdly, let the act state clearly and distinctly the kind and compartive rate of deduetions to be made severaUy on land, houses, andF rent-charge, varying, as they 'would, of course, from the circumstances of the property. The chief cause of complaint. on the part of the clergy arises from the fact that land am! houses are valued for rates at a nominal rent, while rent (whether nominal or real) ought to have nothing to do witIh the question-as, in fact, it not with thereal value. Rlent is a sunm agreed upon between landlord and tenant, and may either he above or mnuch below the real value oil the property, and ought therefore neverto be taken as a fairliasis on which to rate property. Parish officers, as a rulo, found their viuation for rates on nominal renta7, and deduct tenants' "outs" from landlords' "profits" kr arrive at what thev call the " net. 2lna" fl'pue A"n the great injustice of which the clergy complain. It ie notorious that a farmer ought to make atleast three rents,i. c., one to pay his landlord, one to worl his esate and pay" outs," and the third as profit. I is on the rent nomrially psid the landlord that the valuation for rates is founded, and from which the " outs"' are deducted. Now, suchbein the case, it is unfair and unjust that the clergyman should be charged on his full rent-charge, while the fanner is mted only on a portion of one rent, and that generally anomina one. It is patent that under the Commutation Act the clergy,; asa body, did not obtain a tenth, hut, granting that. the rent-charge stands as a tithe, is it fair, or just, or equitablem that they should pay, as is often the case, a fifth or saxth. and, insome instances, a fourthof therates andtaxes of - parish7 And this arises not merely from the fact that the rent-charge is rated too high;? but because all other roperty is rated too low;: The "ceards Or the cle.areyfr shown, wrhereas the cards of the other ratepayers are not T Dr. Phillimore's bill, as it stands, will not meet thesm difficuitiee, and Will, I fear, so far from relieving the clerg, lead to endless parish disputes and litiption. I am. Sir. Yonr obedient servant, A -0
THE CRBIMfEAN BOARD OF I1YQUIRY. 'The Board of General Off~icers 3met at Chelsea yesterday m orning at the usual hour. audging from the diminished 4itendance, the publi ineetnte proceedings appeared CllllritA JIIO O C A 5 ineet to bare much subsided. The JuDGE-A3DVocAmcr said, he bad intimated to Sir ,Charles, Trevelyan the commnents which would probably be anae t-da byMr.Filer ponhisstatement relative to 'tb suplyof orae t th ary,and had. informed Six t. harles that every facility would be afforded him if he thought propr to appear before the Board. To this comaunscation tne followinig reply had been forwardod:- T"reasury, May 15. "Sird- Ihavelhadthe honor of reeiving your letter of yesterday's date, informing me, by desire of the Board of -General Officers, that Comnmisary-General Filder will come before them to-day to make a statement relative to the mwaniagement of his department during the late war, and to call 'he attention of the Board to a statement signed by me, 'in explanation of the arraniements made by the ,Treasury in rererence to,'the supely oa forage to the army in the Crimea;' aind that if, ander these circumstances, I should wish to take any part in the proceedings every facility would be nforded me for that purpose. "In reply, I beg to state that, as I have no reason to cnmplain of any part of the report of the commissioners, ntud as a ful explanation has been furni-shed of the proceedings of the Treasury in reference to the supply of forage, which had been commented upon in a previous statement by M1r. Filder, I do not consider it necessary to avail iayself of the permission vhich has been kindly given by the Board of General Officers to appear before them toslay. "I have, &c., "The Right Ron. the Jud-e-Advocate." M1r. Filder, whose voice onay occasionally reached the reIorters, then entered into a len thened defence of the Comanissariat arrangements, but of his statement only a meagre niarrative can be supplied. The general style and character of the ComrissionerS leport, hewas understood tosay, conveyed a censure upon the Commnissariat Department, anid upon Ihim as its head, for mismanagement, imnprovidence, wvaint of -eaergy to repair disasters, and inattention to the comfort and health of the troops. Considering, however, the many and insurmountable difficulties with which they had to contend, it could not, he thought, be considered surprising that the arrangements nnade should not have been perfectly carried out; this result being attributable to causes whuch could not have been foreseen -and whlich no human agency could have prevented. Of these causes the commissioners appeared to have taken no aecount; their report was essentially a fault-finding one. Tosome extent this was perhaps to be expected, for their function was to search out defects, and they seemed to have set out 'with a foregone conclusion that there was blame somewhere. After giving a sketch of the duties devolvigg upon the Commissary-General, Mr. Filder described the measures taken by him to provide a sufficient supply of land transport. But he had not foreseen and no one could have imagined the state of the road between Balaklava ard the ca.mp. The French had not to encounter this difficulty. Their road from Ramiesch lay over downs; from n.alaklava the ground was, as he had before describedit,simply a mnorass. 'thie vhole question relating to the supplies was one of transport. lhe animals provided for this service died from zexposure and overwork, and the reai point to be established -was this-could or could not these animals have been replaced as fast as they died? Had they the means of t'ransporting a sui'icient quantity of animals tothe Crimiea by sea, and of transporting also a sufficient supply of forage to feed themnu-hen landed. All the sailing transports, with two exceptions, were under the orders of Adnsiral Boxer at Constantinople, and the Commissariat officers emploved all the transports they could obtain from that officer, In order to forward supplies of forage and food to thic Crimea. Mr. Filder, however, read extracts from letters to prove that enough transports could not be obtained for this purpose. He proceededto show thatthe casualties which h.ad taken place among the transport animals arose from the laborious nature of the work in which they were employed, and dwelt especially on the fact that the supplies of forage from home were insufficient. In consequence of the failure 'of his contracts in the East, and the uncertainty he was cinder in obtaining adequate supplies of forage there, he lad applied for pressed hay from England. In reply, it wvas atated to him that 357 tons per month would be sent out, hut he had st:ted, in answer to this, that 5,0 tons would be rtu,uied to feed the artillery, cavalry, and conimissariat -n;mals. Notvithstandingtlhis, however, so little attention -was paid to his vants-thatduring two monthsof the winter tLc quantity sent from England did not exceed 275 tons per month. 3Ir. Filder read repeated representations made by him to the Treasury and to the 'War-office relative to the supply of forage, and observed that if the authorities in E,gland were to assume to be the judges of the necessity of complying with such requisitions from the Commissary4-eneral, it seemed clearthatthe responsibilityof that officer was at an end. At all evants, this was the first time in his experiencethat he had known such demands to be disreIgarded, whatever the future investigations which it _ight be thought desirable to institute on the subJect. That Sir Charles Trevelvan was not ignorant -of their urgent want of forage was established by pas- 'ages in his letters, and Mr. Filder proceeded to show by documentary evidence that the deficiencies experienced -could not have been supplied by local resources, as seenied to be the impression at home, and that the utmost exertions liad been made by the Commissariat department, though w-ithout success, hi order to obtain the necessary supplies in the East. The storm of the 14th of Noveniber deprived them of a large quantity of pressed hay, and the difficulty ,of landing loose c opped straw was so great that this article was to a considerable extent unavailable. Then, again, pressed forage was a thing almostunknown in the East he beheved that the only press in existence there was at Smyrna; and htnce the necessity for obtaining pressed hay from England. Ie had precured all the forage that could be obtained on the shores of the Black Sea ; more, indeed, than he could get -hips to convey. There were some minor points alluded to bv the commissioners which he also wished to notice. One was as to the issue of vegetables; but that, he would observe, never had been a part of the duties of the Commissariat, each regiment being usually left to collect what it could for itself; but on the 24th of October, when the scurvy made its appearance among the troops, Lord Raglan gave orders that vegetables should be supplied, and accordingly a Commissariat officer was sent onboard the Harbinger to Constantinople. Vegetables were purchased, but being packed in haste, and during wet weather, a great portion -were damaged on arriving at Balaklava. The quantity of -vi getables procurable upon the shores of the Blac.k Sea were <1utte inconsiderable, compared to the wants of a large army. 1f e also sent a telegraphic message to England for preserved vegetables, but it was not possible to obtain all that was required either in France or England. W;Yith respect to limLLe-juice, the non-issue of which had been commented upon by thc commissioners, it should be k-nown that that u-as an article not issued by the Commissariat. The Esk arrived out on the 1!th of December, 1854, at Balaklava, with a large quantity of lime-juice, sent out by the head of the 11medical department at home, and was supposed, in the absence of special instructions, to be intended for the ue of the hospitals. Notice of its arrivalv.-as immediately given to the medic.al department in the Crimea, and had any requisition for lime-jince been made it would have been i§iipplied. It was not until January the 29th that the Comsuissariat nas directed to include lime-juice in the regular rations issued to the men. The commissioners also referred to fresh bread as an article that might have been issued with benefit to the troops. To have supplied the whole army wilth bread would have required an establishment wlich did not exist. The French army was provided with portablo ovens, and baked their bread in the field in the same way -is they had been accustomed to do in France. He did apply to have a floating mill and bakery seiit out from Enland; and, in order to showv that he had not bound himself by the strict rules of routine, he referred to a letter, written by him on the 6th of *ovember to Lord Riaglan, asking permission to purchase 3,000,OOOlb. of flour at Constantinople, which proceeding was sanctioned by Lord Raolan. M1r. Fader, at this point, requested permission to defer his remaining observations until to-morrow. In answer to questions from various members of the Board Mrr. Filder stated that before he left England he received instructions generally from the Treasury, hut once or twice from the Duke of Newcastle. His instructions at first were to provide for a force of 10,000 men and 1,500 horses. IHisstaffwasalways inadequate from the very first; even, when it was sufficient in point of numbers, the officers were not all of the "right sort." lvery exertion was made to procm-e fora"e, and there wv.as always more ! -chopped straw or hay at Ba'Lklava than could be landed Colonel Gordon then mlade an explanatory statement of a portion of his former evidence, and The Board adjonrned until to-morrow (this) morning at 11 o'cleckc.
AiT[miED MLDEPR AND BummJRARY ix DRvoNs'1[r.E.-A murderous attempt on the life of an old gentlenina namned Pring was made a few nights ago in Devonshire. M1r. Pring, who is the owner of an estate in the parishofAwliscombe, resides in a house near the village,vwhich is situated in a retired spot. One night, hearing a noise, he got up from his bed and went downstairs. On going into one of the rooms he was immediately attacked by a powerful -man, having a handkerchief over his eyes, with a pitchfork in a most savage manner. The poor old gentleman attempted to defend himself as wee as he could, but the ruffian inflicted severe wounds on his forehead and a stab in his side; and he soon became faint from losa of blood, and to all appearance dead. When discovered in the mornirngbe wasilyin-weltering in hisblood and quite insensible. 'The house hadbeen ransacked, articles of furniture broken in pieces, and several things atolen, among which wr.s a pistoL A reward of 50L. was offered by the Government for the apprehension of the offenders; and, there having been two burglaries committed in the neighbourhood a short tune afterwards, vigilant search was made, and the superintandent constable of Ioniton, Mr. Treby, succeeded, after 3nuchtrouble, in apprehending two nen, one of whoin is believed to be a ticket-of-leave mnan. The prisoners had left the pistol which had been stolen from Mr. Prings house and other articles at a place called the Travellers' Rest, in the neighbourhood, and, there being other suspicious circunmstances against them, they were brought before the magitrates of the district and examined in Mr. Pring's bedroom, the old gentloman being too il to attend the court, and on Tuesday last they were fully committed to take their trial for the offence at the ensuing Devon assizes. GimEN-,jND SEAL FrSHnRy.-The Alibi, of Aber~deen, arrived at Lerwick from. the Greenland seal fishery, brings 8,000 seals, about 8Q tons of oil, and reports a verv poor fishing generally down to the 1st of 3Iay. The follovmg is the stwhich the Alibi bad filed up to that date - Peterhead:-The Active, 2,000 seals; the Agostina, 200the Alert, 400; the Arctic, 2.50; the Brilliant, 2,500; the 'Clarna 1,100; the Columbi 40;the Commerce, 2,; -the BUena, 1,700; the Elia, 2,000;- the Fairy, 1,000; the Gem, 600; the Gipsv, 00; th0e Intrepid, 2,000; the Kate, 1,h G e; the Mazinthfen ; 2,00- the Pomona, 400; the ReLohtio, 4500 tl, Udauted 1,00;the Union, 200. Frasrhugh :4heAlexnde Harey,2,800; the Enterprzs, 1,00; he Mlinla, 1500 te Sovere .n, 400. Abereen-Th Albi, ,00 ;te Speror, 400. 2irkaldy. -The Lord ambia, 3,00. HulL-Th Arm10000;
THE SUrDAY MUSIC IX THE PARKS. TO THIE EDITOIR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Lord Palmerston's compliance with the Archbishop of Canterbury's request regarding the cessation of music in the parks appears to me calculated to place the church and clergy in an unenviable position. The working-classes of the metropolis are likely to believe-and cannot be blamed If they do-that all the clergy sympathize with the head of the church, and, like Mr. Dale and others, denounce Sir Benjamin Hall and Sunday music. One clergyman has already addressed you on this subjectwil you allow another to give expression to his feelings ? If the Archbishop of Canterbury were a Jewish Rabbi I should understand his sentiments, looking at this question in its religious aspect. He is a Christian, and as such I am unable to comnprehend him, or Lord Shaftesbury, or any of their party; and I am at a loss to know whence they derive, or upon what authority they base their austers viows regarding the observation of the Lord's-day. I deny fltat the Christian Sunday is subject to the ordinances of theMosaical dispensation; and, if this be granted, I have yet to learn where our Saviour justifies us by rigorous legislation in declaring that man was made for the Sabbath. Passing from the religious to the social view of this matter, all theArchbishopsand Bishops of the unitedkingdom would fail to prove that the morality of the people is likely to be deadened by parks, music, and fresh air being put in contrast with alleys, cellars, the discord of Seven-dials, and the atmosphere of ginshops. This point needs no discussion, for it has been so ably handled in your editorial columns that for me to argue it would be an imapertinence. Allow me, however, to say a few words on what appears to have been much overlooked. This is essentiaUy a metropolitan question. Petitions from the country and from provincial tovns are a mockery to the poor people of London. Let the country Sabbatarians give the inhabitants of London the enjoyment of their fresh air, green fields, and country valks, and Londoners will forgive them their petitions to Parliament. But, unless this can be done, the subject belongs exclusively to the metropolis. People in the country tow-ns can reach the fields in a few minutes, and enjoy an evening walk every day after their exhausting confinement in mills or shops. People in London cannot do this. Bricks and mortar hem them in on every side for miles, and on Sunday only have they a chance of seeing a green leaf, breathing pure air, or looking on God's heaven, except through the medium of deadening and depressing smoke. I hold that the poor people of the metro polis have a claim, and a righteous claim, on our considera. tion; and if these " righteous overmuch " people object to tbe labour-life of London enjoying the Sunday afternoon I would suggest at once to the Archbishop, Lord Shaftesbury, Mr. Baines, Mr. Dale, &c., to agitate for Saturday recrea' tion. I would suggest the payment of wages on Friday evenings, the cessation of the demands of the rich upon the labours of the poor on Saturday, and the cessation of Westend entertaiuunents on Saturday eTenings, and everything that compels the working man to work hardly until the midnight, as at present. If the Archbishop and his disciples would do this, I should believe in their sincerity; until they do I only be. lieve in their conventional prejudices and puritanical exclusiveness. Moreover, it is a paltry measuIre to attack the indulgences of the poor. Why do not the Archbishop and Lord Shaftesbury and their sympathizers strike at the head and front of the offending? Why do they not, in the first instance, protest against the band on the Terrace at Windsor on the Sabbath? Why do they not denounce that? When they have silenced that, then it will be time enough to silence Sir Benjamin Hall and his bands. Regarding the people and the observation of the Sabbath, I deny that the Sunday music has in any way tended to lessen the observation of religious duties. I speak from my owrn experience when I say that in a large and important church, wlhere shopkeepers and hundreds of persons busily engaged during the week are congregated together every Sunday, and where I kiiow a considerable numberhave gone to the Parks on the Sunday afternoon, far from the result being disadvantageous, I have never seen my church so full at the evening service as it has been of late. I have reserved my chief object in addressing you until the last. I am convinced that in London there are many, very many clergymen who, like your correspondent " Incumbent" and myself, on religious and moral grounds sympathize with the people who, Sunday after Sunday, have of late been collected in the Parks. The clergy may be timid in expressing their thoughts, but they are not unfeeling, nor all harsh and bigoted. MSany of them abhor the howlings of Exeter-hall, and the dramis of spiritual intoxication concocted in that gin-palace of sentiment. Let the issue be wihat it will to the present discussion, how ever humble in contrast be the position of the wvorking clergy of the metropolis compared with that of the Primate, >'till they have aright to their opinion, and, be assured, many of them heartily sympathize with the tens of thousands who are now deprived of the benefit which Sir Benjamin Hall so generously hoped to secure for the labouring massesof the capital; and should his enemies at the next election attempt to deprive him of his seat in Parliament, he may be con1ident he will have troops of friends and the approving support of A LONDON CLERGYMN. Bay 15. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Is it too presumptuous for a working man to expect to appear in print in The Times? The answer rests with yourself. A bill has been rather extensively placarded to-day with the significant announcement that " the people will meet as usual in the park on next Sunday." It is earnestly to he hoped that the people, whose exemplary conduct while listening to the bands has been very properly acknowledged both in the House and out of it, will not be betrayed into any exhibition of feeling sueh as was unfortunately witnessed last summer. I am a working man, and a musical one too, and deeply regret that our worthy Premier should have thought fit to discontinue the very wholesome practice of musical performances in the Parks, and I hope that on more mature reflection he will be induced to make a counter order, and thus, in a week or two, again gladden our ears with the glorious works of Handel, Haydn, Alendelssohn, &-c. But we (the people) shall not attain this measure of concession unless there is a due amount of forbearance on our parts, and therefore I do exhort all who go to the parks next Sunday not to forget themselves as men, and also not to forget Whose the day is. It is one of the greatest mistakes imaginable to suppose that the Park band-playing is inconsistent with our character as a Sunday-observing people. We very properly go to church in the morning, and we hear there the works of our greatest saered writers performed on the organ, both at the beginning and end of the service, and we go to the Park in the afternoon, and hear similar music, and may be the same. Will any one tell me that what is good in a church is not good out of it ? Now, what some persons might not unreasonably object to is the band-playing in the morning in Palace-yard, but about this my Lord Archbishop does not think it necessary to write a letter. Her Gracious 31ajesty will hardly thank her First Lord of the Treasmxy for the indirect censure on her. She will not feel very well satisfied at hearing the band play on the parade at Windsor, and know that her loyal subjects in London are debarred from their afternoon musical luxury. With many thanks for giving publicity to this, I am. ir. your obedient servant - A WORING ArAN. May 15. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am conNinced that the most efficacious way to improve the manners and increase the happiness of the working and industrious classes is to bring to bear on them the refining influence of the gentler sex, it is therefore of the first consequence that in their holydays and their Sabbaths, their pleasures and their prayers, they should be together. The advantage of this companionship is immediately felt in attention to neatness of dress and personal appearance, the stimulus to industry, cleanliness, and many household Nirtues. It is well that husbands and wives should be together in their holydays, weU that brothers and sisters should go together, and weeU that young persons attached by those gentle feelings which lead to domestic ties hereafter should accompany each other. To them the light of life is bright and beaming; the sounds of joy are round about them. I do not envy those sour cynics who would deny to thousands happiness together, because somo very few may give way to folly and have canse for repentance. Some attention to that Sunday finery which is idly censured is a step towards improvement. If we desire our people to be healthy, theymust be clean and cheerful, and if so, they will wish to be well dressed. For the- benefit of aU it is best that occasionaUy the different classes of society should mingle together. For all the objects before recommended we want some innocent attraction in the open air which may call forth to exercise and enjoyment those who are confined drinng the week. What can be better than the strains of solemn and cheeringmusic for this purpoe, so ordered as not to interruot the attendance onpubllo worship, but to excite gratitude and foster goodwil towards men ? Your obedient servant. A COUNTRY MAGISTRATE, AND FORMERLY COMMISSIONER ON HEALTH OF TOWNS. MEORATIO11 FROM TECH No1TH OF SCOTLAN.D [ The spring fleet from the north of Scotland for Canada haa taken out above 1,000 passengers to Canada this season. Most of them are agrietitural labourers and small farmers, j whose friends, having gone out before, encourage othera to folOfw,
LORD SrANLEY AND HIS COESTITUENTS. On Wedneeday Lord Stanley, M.P., addressed alarge and enthusiastic meeting of his constituents at Sing's Lynn, on the present aspect of foreign and domestic politics, with the view, as he stated, of informing them of the political aim3 and ideas of their representative, and of hearing from them their wishes on public matters. With regard to the war, the hope he had about a year ago expressed, that it would be of no long duration, had been jistified. There was no record, he believed, of any European struggle of equal magnitude ending so quicldy-a circumstance which indicated that peaea had become, or was becoming, the natural condition of modern society. Mir. Pitt was stated to have once said, when accused of makdig undue concessions in a commercial treaty with France, that it was a matter of no great importance, because a treaty was only binding during peace, and peace with France could not be expected to last a very long time. We had now got beyond that state of things, aud though we were yet far from the realization of universal peace, there were international interests growing up which tended slowly, but certainly, to link nation to nation, until a gradual diminution of armaments should take place, and Europe be spared the reproach of keeping more than 2,000,000 men in idleness and arms-a standing burden on their fellow-citizens, a perpetual check to material progress, a perpetual danger to freedom, and cause of jealousy and mistrust between people and people. The treaty of peace, he thought, had been received with satisfaction, but without enthusiasm, which was all that reasonable people expected; but he thought its terms were far less important than the spirit in which the parties mutually negotiated. A treaty, though moraly binding and sacred, was not legally enforceable, for there -was no law court to take cognizance of its breach; or, if there were, there was no international police to enforce its decrees. Treaties, therefore, could always be broken by those who made them; excuses were never wanting; and neither princes nor people cared much for the public opinion of any nation but their own, which was generally with them in Such matters. Terms of peace to be lasting must be not only honourable, but such that neither party should have an interest to break them. With regard to the present prospects of Europe on this subject he said, that diplomatioally there were four continental Powers which had assumed to stand in the first rank, but practically Austria and Prussia had played a secondary part. France and Russia were the only two able to involve Europe in war. Russia had a certain kind of public opinion, but was mainly governed by the personal will of its nuler, and he believed that the Czar's love of peace and desire for social progress was really a part of his character, and not assumed for a temporary purpose. With regard to Prance, although it was an article of belief with some that her restless ambition and warlike temper were still a cause of danger to Europe, yet during the last year there had been a general desire in France for Peace, and a verystrong pressure upon the Government, by its ovwn subjects, to make peace. Napoleon m. had, by directingthe attention of his subjects to industrial enterprise rather than foreign conquests, given another proof that he understood their temper and tendency. In the disposition of those foreign Powers, therefore, there was seen reason to hope for a continuance of peace. The general course which this country ought to pursue in her future foreign policy was plain. No doubt there were cases, such as those of some of the present Italian Governments, where the acts of cruelty perpetrated in the name of law justified, and even demanded, remonstrance by foreign countries, on the ground of common humanity; others, again, like that of Sardinia, where we were bound to protect a faithful aDly; hut as a general rule he was opposed to much interference in the internal affairs of foreign countries, because, auiong other reasons, it afforded despotic Governments their best excuse for keeping up the inmmense standing armies wHich gava them the power of doing mischief. The duty of England, as an empire, lay beyond the limits of Europe. Her people were eminently a colonizing people. Half our trade at present was with the United States, the colonies, and India,-with States which now are or have bhen our colonies, and with territories which we held by conquest. Canada and Australia were doubling their populat;on in 25 years, and every acre reclaimed, every colonist who went out to our colonies, was an accession to the cause of freedom and self-government. The successful and continued existence of one free and great empire, likeEngland, under constitutional government, was standing and indestructible evidence against absolutism in all forms. England, so constituted, was destined to lead mankind out of their present transitional state to a better and happier future, destroying abuses, not by direct attack, but by the irresistible attraction of example. Turning to our internal policy, there were many questions of deep interest which could not at present be stirred with advantage. It would be preusature to speak of financial reform until our war taxes were paid off; but there were two taxesso objectionable, on social and economic grounds, that they might well be remnitted, even at the expense of maintaining a higher incomse tax than would be otherwise necessary. The insurance dutv wvas a fine on prudence, was not felt by the very rich or the very reckless, and was now driing business from our ow^n into foreign hands; and the paper duty was vexatious in collection, checked improvement in manufacture, tended to raise the price of an article of which the demand already exceeded the supply, and hindered the diffusion of cheap literature and news. Parliamentary reform must necessarily be deferred. He believed a very general apathy prevailed respecting it; but he would say that either the thing ouighlt not to be done or it ought to be done effectually,-no snmal measure could or ought to pass; and no Government ought to take up that subject unless they determined to stand or fall by it. IG was intolerable that a Minister should be enabled to keep an agitation hanging over the country, merely because ls party was dissatisfied, and he wished to content them. A thhid topic which, he regretted, could not he raised for the moment, was that of education. He was less sanguine than last year of any ceneral measure on the subject; but the late majority against Lord Joln Russell's scheme was no test of the general feeling, the measure being not one complete in all its details, but merely a series of resolutions, some very good, some doubtful, but all put togetlmer without much appearance of care or consideration, and put fonvard without much external support. lBut there was no cause for permanent discouragement, for there were causes in operation on whicb, in the long run, the friends of education might confidently rely-the cheap press, called into existence by the legislation of last year, cheap litera. ture, libraries, reading-rooms, institutes, and, more than all, the gradual opening of the civil service to intellectual competition. Sooner or later the adoption by this country of a sound systenm of school teaching was certain. But the practical subjects which at the present moment ouglit to engage attention were mainly three-army reform, administrative reform, and the amendment of the law. The first was a duty imperatively called for by the experience of the war. He believed the Crimean disasters were caused much more by want of plan and foresight in the executive at home than by want of administrative ability on the spot; but it was only natural that two years of war should have taught us that which 40 years of peace had led us to forget. Now was the time for action; if the opportunity was lost it was not lkely to return. For years before this war the House of Commons could hardly be got to listen to a discussion upon military affairs, -the expense of the army, and not its efficiency, was alone thought of. That state of things, natural ir timne of peace, was certain to recuri and, if it did, the victories of the war would be cited m defence of the very system, notwithstanding which they were obtained. No doubt the Government or its friends would say that before the war reduction was carried too far, and that it was necessary to keep under anms a numerically large force in time of peace. There would always be crafty men to hold that language, and credulous men to believe it. Bnt supposing that advice had been acted upon in 1815, and that from that time to the present we had spent two or three millions more yearly than we had done on our army, we should have had a larger number of retired officers, or, worse, offices who ought to be retired but were not,-two generations of soldiers trained in arms without even firing a shot agoainst an enemy-and a vast stock accumulated of weanns obsolete without being employed, and the cost of which would have been lost to the couniry. Taldng at the highest estimate (100,000,0001.) the cost of the late war, 2,50D,0001. yearly from 1815 to 1S54 would have come to the same sum, with the addition of interest, while it was not at aU certain that increased preparation would have prevented the war. But what was wanted in time of peace was rather the nucleus round which an army might be readily formed than a great army itself; and he pointed to the militia, disembodied, but called out for short intervals of training, as supplying such a want. The army should be, to a great extent, relieved of the duty of guarding the colonies, Canada and Australia especially 'being well able to do that by local militia; and for what was retained of the standing army at home, camps of instruction should be formed, no expense grdged n their training, all means used to develope the scientific branch of the service, and, above all, so much work given to officers fin the discharge of their ordinary duties that the profession should be really a working one, and not a mere excuse for wearing a red coat. W;Vith regard to the purchase of commissions, his lordship aid that the system had no parallel, either in other countries or in other branches of the public service in this, that it was anomalous in theory, unjust between man and man, and that the principle on which alone it could be defended would also justify the selling of judgeships and secretaryships of State. Its one sole defense was, that the abolition of purchase would put too much patronage into the hands of Government. But the patronage of the civil service had been taken from Government, some branches of the military service had been opened to competition, a numerous force was not required, and, further, a fixed proportion of commissions might be given away to tho eons of deserving officers. If the social class from which officers wero tken were changed by this measure, to any reat extent it would bo a misfortune-a constitutional danger. An army whose officers solely depended upon the Crown for means of subsistence might become in troubled times a dangerous instrument in the hands of an unscrupulous Governmenit against the people. But he believed that result was quite out of the question; the army was nQver a lucrative profession; it afforded, during peace, very little scope for ambition ; it was apt to lead to habits of expense, and the education required for it was costly to obtain; it was not likely, therefore, to be selected by parents inthe less wealthy classes. The preponderance of one class among officers depended, in fact, more on the general tastes and habits of the commnnity, than upon any exclusiva system at the Horse Guards. The objection to military reform by Parliament, on the ground of its interfering with the Crown, Lord Stanley combated by pointing to the navy, which was represented in the House of Commons, anl governed like any other department responsible to Parliament; and by argumng that as Parliament voted money for the a , it had -the right of ascertaining how that inuney ws applied. But he only claimed for the Comir.,ons the right of settling the general principles of military administration, and deprecated those debates on the -merits of in-. dinidual officers, and criticisms on milit.^zy operations. Of which thre had been too manyo The HouSQ did *nuot sit to ravise the sentences of co`ts-martial, or to 1ive opportunity for eulogizing articular men. With Iegard to thO cilil service, he thughlt, with Mr. Gladstone, that as a whole it was not overpaid but that more persons were employed to do the weorrthan would be neCe, if they were better selected. He did not believe that it oji'en happened that candidates knovn to be unfit were apointe, wi that 3Inowledge, but the fair ground of. compfamt Was5 that no care was taken to choose the fittest. All, he be. lieved, agreed that there ought to be a check to this, and the only, question ws, whether the test to be imposed. should be merely an excluding test or a competitive one. He was in favour of the latter, as tending to promote self. respect in the employed, relieving public men of the responsibility of selection, which was treated lightly by the careless, hut weighed heavilyuo on the conscientious. A system, on the other hand, which merely excluded those below a mental standard, relieved the Minister of responsibility without securing the ablest applicant. He believed (contrary to an objection which was urged) that the test of knowledge apphed to persons entering life, was to a great extent a moral as well as an intellectual test, proving the esLstence of industry, perseverance, and steady habits, much more than of mere talent, which was not by any means the first quality required for success in such examinations. He admitted that this auestion should be looked at on its own merits, and not with reference to its indirect bearing on the question of education; that in esaminations carried too far there was a risk of pedantry; that accuracy of knowledge, not extent of attainments, should be aimed at; and that care should be taken to give as faras possible an equal value to attainments of different kinds; but while there was no infallible way of judging men's abilities and characters, on the whole the competitive plan was the best. He supported it because it excluded absolnte inefficlancy favouritism, or suspicion of favouritism, and carded out t1hat great and soun(d idea-an open career to all. He advocated a more ready transfer of civil servants fiom department and department, so asto facilitate promotlon by merit intead of seniority, vithout excitinR Jealousy; and the separation of merely mechanic from mental labour, thus reducing the number of servants required in the higher grades, and rendering their- work of a higher character, and, therefore, more attractive. Withreference to law amendment, he believed that the great majority of thinking men were agreed that the ecclesiastical courts, with their cumbrous and antiquated machinery, ought to be done away with, and probate of wills decided in:a new court. The only difference of opinion was, as to the constitution of this new court, but he hoped that difference between the two bills before Parlianient would be settled and an effective measure brought into operation. Greater facilities were required in the transfer of landed poperty, and, for the sake of aicultmnal improveinent, tne actual possessor of land ought as far as possible to be the absolute master of it, independently of the claims of others. As recommended by the Statute Law Commission, a board was required to examine new bills before and during their passage through Parliament, to insure their being clear in meaning and not repugnant to former acts. The consolidation, also, ,of the statute law itself was renuire4 -the separation of obsolete laws froni those actualy in force, and reduction of the whole within comparatively small bulk. On one subject-that of marriage and divorcethe present state of the law was absolutely disgracefuL He *d not wish to extend the right of divorce beyond the cause of adultery; but it was monstrous that a husband who had been deserted and wronged could only be released by a special act of Parliament, costing about 1,0001. The Lord Chancelor had a bill on that subject before Parliament, and it was to be hoped that the session would not pass without the establishment of a cheap and simple tribunal for cases of the kind. Lastly, a Minister of Justice was required. Without some sueh central controlling authority all projects for law amendmentwould be fragmentary and imperfect. That want it would not be difficult to supply. He advised a division of the numerous duties now devolving on the Lord Chancellor in this respect as Speaker to the House of Lords and as the highest judicial authority in the realm. Passing over numerous mninor matters his Lordship spDke of his vote on the Sunday question, confessing himself ashamed, not of any vote that he had given, but that such a vote should be held to require apology or explanation. He had maaintained, and would maintain through life, the principle that individual conviction should be free; that the laws existed for the maintenance of social order, for the protection of man against man, and not for the enforcement of any real or supposed religious obligation. He ex-pressed' his surprise at the state of feeling evinced on this subject in a Protestant country showing, as it did, that there were many who in theory would admit the right of private judament, but who in practice, when the private judgment of their neighbours differed from their-own, were very ready to adopt the theories of fonner times. His Lordship concluded by observing onthe general question of reform, that if we wished to go far we must not go fast; but while he deprecated all hastyorviolentchange,hebelieved therewas in the end no policy so revolutionary as that which had been called the conservatismn of immobility-the resolution that " happen what may afterwards, things shall not be altered in our time." He would not use party names, because, at the present time, they] had -little meaning; but he would say (not as a paradox, bLt as a truth) that in England there was much which all must wish to see altered, much which all must wish to see retained; and in England, tlherefore, no man could be a reformer who was not in some sense a Conservative, and no man could be a true Conservative who was not in soixe sense a reformer. His Lordship's address, which was most attentively listened to and frequently applauded, concluded amid enthusiastic cheering, and a vote of thanks to him, proposed by har. Bagge, -was given -with three times three. A vote of thanks to the mayor forpresiding concluded the proceedings.
MILITIA SUP.GEO.,S. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The generous manner in which you have often advocated the claims of medical men both of the army and navy emboldens me to solicit the aid of your powerful voice to procure for the surgeons of militia regiments some more certain and permanent provision than that provided by the present Militia Act, more particularly as al parties agree that a responsible medical officer ought, under any circuiastances, to be attached to the staff of every reginent, as there is always a large amount of medical inspection and attendance necessary in connexion with the staff, and independent of the duties while out trainingD. To be brief, the folowing are some of ttheir claims and grievances 1. They are, with very few exceptions, men entirely dependent on the practice of their profession for their subsistence, and have inmost instances resigned public appointments, dispensaries, &c., and private practice, to their great pecuniaryloss, which appointments and practice they cannot return to, theirplaces being now occupied by others, and the practice they lahoured to obtain directed into other channels- consequently they will have to begin life again, and al wno have had any experience of the world know how many years a physician has to struggle before he can realize a livelihood.- Mly own case, which is similar to a majority of the others, will ilustrate this, and is as foUows - Previous to the militia being disembodied I filed a permanent public sitnation, and had some private practice, amounting together to about 2001. per annum ; if on the disembodlment of the regiment I am not placed on the staff with some permanent pay, the day I joined the militia will indeed, prove a sad event in my life, as literaUy I shall be ruined. 2. The present militia surgeons do aU the duties performed by army medical officers, and are their professional equals in every respect, and during their period of service have not only attended the sick of their own corps, but also those of other regiments both of the Line, and Miitia, and Artilery. They have had the examination of an immense number of recruits, have been members of medical boards, &c., and, in fact, were under the same regulations and performed in many instances the same services as second-class staff surgeons, and surgeons of line regiments, and in very manycases underthe most trying circumstances, asthey had to organize a hospital with all its staff and difficiaties out of the crudest materials. 3. That if the present surgeons of regiments were retained on the permanent stzff on reduced pay ths public would not lose, as they coun, where no army medical officer was st.ationed, perform a nrnber of duties for which large sums of money are annuaUy tLrawni atypresent by irresponsible private practitioners. The Miitia surgeon stationed at the head-quarters of his regiment could attend on the permanent staff and their families, examine recruitsboth for t e Line and Mllitia, attend on the enrolled pensioners, and the police if necessary, give certificates for deserters and dischares, &ac. - al these duties could be undertaken by the responsible Militia surgeon without any expense to the Government, and this would save the country a large amount annually, and secure at all times the services of a number of experienced medical officers-for it can scarcely be expected that awell-qualifiedsurgeoncan be procuredata moment's notice, or submit to be called away, perhaps for a month or two at a time, and then be turned about his business whenever he can safely be got rid of. Such a course is more than shabby, it is unjust. _I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant A MIITIA SURGEON. i:neIMIea, May 14.
ROYAL COLLEGE oF STRGoEONs.-The following gentlemen, baving 'mndergone the necessary examinations, wereadrittedfellowsoftheColleoeatthemeetingofthecoun- cii on tho 15th inst. :-Messrs. James Allan, Benapl army, diploma of membership dated Mlarch 17, 1843; William Boyd M, ss, Ceylon, April 1, 1853; Frederick Abell Humphry, Brighton, April 29, 1853; and William Henry Stone, Canterbury, February 22, 1856. rAdvertisement.]-"'Dr.Eobinson'sDiaryofthe Crimean War' affordls the best account of the stirring events which took pl ce ina thob] Cmea. Itits hat it professes to be, and, as such, isfar more vauabledto2the uture ehistoriadn tha'n a host ofother woris which have and lukenama, and saw withox lant,feelissga the finAll c3aturO of ScbastoPoL. His descriptions are rewal anud tru2thful, anid we r epeat our high opinion of the accuracyv and tuworthineas of this ver,v mtersv i, cnribtiOon«¢l the histocyv of the Eritish armyv in the Crimces "- [Ardvertisement.-Albett Smith's "Marchioness of Brin-' villWers" is now e.geriy sought after. The crimes of the Borgias, the Brinvllier, aod other celebrated criminals of the past stand forth in lold relief in the calogue of guilt, proving that the .-Poisoned chalice" of the poet was no fantastic drem; and history shows that such Ecrimes hare been at certain l eriods oft com2mon occurrence, In the,' t r-chionessof Brinijiere" Albert Scnithhas bandied adelic&ts subject with a master hand, and the result isan most xtsaordimarysud interesting book, for which an sparaleled cale is inevitable. Price Is. 6d.. orfreeby post for 22 Stampa london; Gcorge Routledg and Co., Fasringdon.street. --I [Advertisement.]-The cessation of strife abroad opens the w2ay for the peaceful triumiphs of philanthropic euterPHise st i home. Though victory hasz euwned war arms with succe, in the beautiful languageof MUilton, "yet much remains o eonquer stl; peace hath her victories, no less renowned than war." Theople of this country will have tho greatest support everyetreeeiv thefr noble struggle in the cause of self-education by the publcation ,f dlnsion 1 of bC19sell'e Popular Educator," price is., which will e ready May 15. It is edited s yProfessorWallace, and wil S°,. a course of lessons m history grammar, mathematicS t eUc French, music, physiology, ati botan,andbiography B'dldton Eved to see thisdayhe.ud have aittedat one vi was at least achieved, worthy of Ihis verse and of hi3 praise. Loudon, W. Kent and Co., 51 and 52 Paternoster-row. publishere of Casselra ed catloosi worlci aSud the # aMQj ai PaPer," y be had of all boDo-KatlOr
LORD .TOHHISUBrELL AT STBOUD. On Wednesday ight Iord JohnRussell delivered a lon. ture to tho menmbes of the Strond Mututl lnprovement Society at Stroud, Glocestershire, on " the Study of is. tory." The lecture was delivered in the subecriptiort room, a large building, which was crowded to excess. The chair 'ss8 taken by Mfr. W. H. Stanton, Late MP. for Stroud, whQ havingintroduced the lecturer, -- Loa T. RuSSELL addressed his audience for nearly two hours. Xter some introductory remarlks, he drew a comparison between the duty of the historian and the bmAness of the poet and biographer. The basiness of the biogrAer, he said, had been described in a passage attributed to Tacitus, descriptiv'eof eloquenoe, and which had been tr;, latedthus:-"INtiwef eloquenceasitisof aflame-; it ra qtires matter to feed it, zeotion to excite it, and it brightens asitburns." TLebusinessof thehistorian wasnot lie that of thepoet tocreateoutof "airy nothings," butto studydeeply and minutely existing facts, and not to attempt to add to or alter them. It was his busmess, after having studied these facts,toformaclearnarrative, omittingwhatwassuperfluous, so as to show clearly to the reader the course of events, to trace them up to their causes, and having thus laid before the eye the facts as they happened, it was for him to discuss, not 'ith the zeal and passion of the orator, but rather with the calmness of a judge-the actions of those who had been engaed in them, ana the consequences to which those actions had led. But though he considered the historian should sum up with the calmness of the judge, he thought he ought not to be impartial between xzht and wong; he ought not to be impartial between the measures which tended to the benefit of mankind and those which tended only to the aggrandizement of individuals at the expense of the public While he was not to distort facts, nor to give an unfair colouring to his narrative, it was almost required of him that he should show that certain actions tended to the debasement, and others to the elevation of mankind. Having spoken ol historians in general, his lordship next proceeded to point out certain authors who were deserving of stady, as having given an interest to their narratives and who might also he looked apto asguides; andhepointvedouthow different was the position of the modern and the ancient historian. The modernhistorianhadavast hlbrary to consult, while the ancient historian had few books to refer to, and those cost an enormous price. and the archives which he could consult were very few. What the ancient historian did, therefore, with respect to history was to consider, especially, the style of his narrative, to build up a great epic, to put into the mouths of distinguished characters sentiments which he considered were fitting their situation, and thus to construct a history which might be interesting to all generations. Turning, then, from the consideration of ancient history, he addressed himself to the history of modem times, and passing over the dark ages he came to the beginning of that state of civilization in which for a long time we have been placed. The first States which enjoyed that light of civilization which had made progress in arts and letters were no doubt the free States of Italy. With respect to Florence, Machiavel said, there was a perpetual fluctuation, not between tyranny and liberty, but between servitude and license, notwithstanding which, the light of liberty was so great that in these Statesflourished menof the greatest eminence, whose names would ever be associated with lterature and the arts, and who received the utmost favour and support from those Sovereigns of Italy who held the most absolute power. Some ludicrous anecdotes were recorded of that period. It was said that the painter, Michael Angelo, on one occasion offended Pope Julius IL, and the Pope sent for him, and he went to his Holiness to make his excuses, when a bishop who stood by interceded for the painter, hoping his Holiness would excuse the man, who, he said. was very ignorant. The Pope, who was rathercholeric indisposition, thereupon fiewinto a great rage, took up a stick and beat the bishop out of the room, telling him it was he who was ignorant, and he took Michael Angelo into favour again.. But while everything was done to show the wish of the Italians to favour professions of art, there was a weakness in the seat of Italian power, viz., at Rome, which was the cause of great convulsions in the world. This was the neglect of religion. They would find in the letters of Lorenzo de Medicis to his son, who was afterwards Pope, that amid much provident advice given there was hardly an allusion to Christianity in his letters. Lea X. followed the same course; his Court was enli-ghtened, but there was a general indifference with regard to the Christian religion. But men who went to Rome were not inclined to take these views of the great sabject. They felt that hearts, minds, souls were interested i knowing the trath with respectto Christianity. The age wasbecomingenlightened, books could no longerbe keptfromnthe general body of the people of Europe, and the results were that Luther and those who followed him, reading the Bible, became earnest followers of Christ, proclaimed that they believed the Bible contained all the truths of religion, and that they wers not satisfed with the interpretation that had been given of it. At first the men w ho governed Rome were amuused at the fierce denunciations of these men from beyond the Alps, but presently other men succeeded them, who were as eareat in their belef as Luther and hisfollowers were. They believed that the Pope held his commission from Heaven, that the Roman Catholic bishops had perpetual ilumination from above, and that it was beyond the power of any human intellect to question their decrees. From these two beliefs there sprang those bloody wars which were known as the wars of the Refarmation, which begma in the 16th century, and did not conclude, he might say, until near the end of the 17th century. Be wished he could say;,that the history of that period had been related by historians worthy oE the occasion. There *were historians of that period. Dr. Pobertson, in his History of Cailes V., gave little importance to the Reformation. Mr. Gibbon insituted with a sneer a comparison of the Roman Catholic doctrines with those of the Reformation. lr. Hume evidently dislik-ed the change which came over England at that time. Voltaire, with his opinions with regard to the Christian -eligion, dismissed the subject by saying that the wars arose from the quarrels of two monks of different order, who were jealous of the supremacy of each other. None of these writers came up to the immense importance of the sabject. According to one theory, the sacerdotal power, hav ing its throne at Rome, ought to be obeyed first by kngs, prices, and rlers, ne.xt byall their subjects, and anything w hich diminished that quality ought to be rejested. According to the other viewv, Christianity had been altogether corrupted under the sway of the church. Here were two theories which led to opposite conclusionsconclusions of the utmost importance. The noble lecturer went on to notice the protests of Calvin, &c., which led to the assertion of the nght of private judgment and to the controversythereon, and then came to the course of modern history as in connexion with the political situation of -arious countries, selecting the medern history of Spain, France, and our own country. As to Spain, he dissented from the allegation that the ruin of that country was to be attributed to its infux of gold and silver from South America. The gold and silver sent to Spain did not stop there, but was sent over Euarope in the counse of trade. If it had ruined Spain it woulld also have ruined France and England. But Phiilip II. of Spain had imbibed in its darkes gloom the opinion that men were not to be alowed to hold opinions adverse to those held by the church and by himself. In the Low Countries the mos dreadful war prevailed. In Spain itself, by means of the Inquisition, he saccessfully destroyed all opposition. Every dawn of the Reformation was stifledfirst, by the sacrifice of all independence- of mind, all exertion of intellect, all the rewards which induce men to pursue the paths of industry; and, secondly, he gained it wvith the loss of his subjects. The lecturer then tracedthehistoryofthe independence of Holland and of thefallof Spainto theItime of Charles V. and his son Ferdinanld VII. Such were the consequences of the system of suppressing freedom of opinion. The history of France, he added, was different, not so much in principle as in degree. Although the monarchy was as absolute as it could be, the public mind was not allowed to stagnate as it had done in Spain. Accordingly in the time of Louis XIV. there were men of men of eminence in every kind of literature and every description of art, but during the rein of his successor, while the monarchy was absolute, while there was no check to authority, while there was nothing like representative government or freedom of discussion in anv assembly, there was a constant stream of attack going on by the men of the greatest eminence in France, whose pens actually destroyed thepowerful monarchy which they assailed. France was then in this position-that there was a monarchy apparently absolute, and public opinion totally at variance with that monarchy, and which undermined it. The consequence was the French Revolution, of which aU had read the history. Lord John next referred to the history of our own country. We were no better off for a representative Government in the reign of the Tudors than Spainaor France, but a set of, men arose who were determined that the rights of Englishmen should not remain in abeyance, and it was to John Hampden and his companions that they were indebted for the liberties of EGngland, which liberties were firmly established by the Prince of 'Orange, Those liberties, so eitablished, had been maintain'ed to the present day. He then alluded to the war of American independence, tracing its origin froni the levying of the stamp and the tea duties to its end in the treaty of peace declaring the' United States independent. Men of the greatest political ability had opposed thoke imposts; Chatham, Burke, Lord Rockingham, Fox, Sir G. Saville, all denounced the attempt to levy im- posts as iniquitous, that they would inflict great injury on this country in the event of failure, and that if they succeeded they would set an examuple of tyrannical government and would weaken the principles of government in this country. We were not, perhaps, to regret the fact of the separation of the United States, but they had to regret the circumstances of that separation. They were told by travellers in the New England States that the books, in which the children and young men were taught at this day contained accounts of that fatal contest, describing the suc- cess of the Americans, husr braTely they had fouht, and how they had achieved tleir independence against the attempts of the British King and the British Parliament. He was looking the other iay,for averydifferent objectfrom the present, at the foen of oath taken by New England statesmen, and he fonad that tfh7 swore never to obey any successor of George MI. We mi,ht say that this wa unwise on their par*, ana that the contes6t having- ceased long ago they eught not to recollect it; but he (Lord John) muA own that what had been done was an effect that migbe have been foreseen of the injustice of our attempt to enoslave those people at the end of the last century. That was bal seed producing bad fruit, and *e might ob'Arvethat, following the same teahing, whenever there -nas any Trifling, dispute between this - countzy and tie United States there were not wanting persons Pho endeavoured to inflame it, who endeavoureit to hni11co the Americans to believe that we were alwayswishig to get an advantage over them, or to establSsh an authoritywhichwe had no business to claim. He was afraid thiat these harangues. and excitementsso utterly greundless as he believed they were with respeet to the disposition wFhich they imputed to tbiscountrl-were, in iac, nctbingbut the enssqnenCeSwthichwfeVere eperienCingfrol the sins ef our fathers, and that the animosity then excited remed to the present day to be sited on us. lf ths were so, it showed hovr carefulpeopleuu ht tobe thatWley diduot encourage any con t but that 'Whsh they ,el.t temselvez perfectlyjuLstifledin enga _ n, andh idhope that (though this ill-will was nAtlural, and was perhaps ineiitable) it would wear itself out and ecoe to an end; for of this he was fully persuded, that no two jiations, by rcaxoni of their consaIngtinity,by reason oftIeirlanguage, byreawon of their similarity of institutions, and the great cause *hich both uphold, ought to be better friends tha the monarchy of Great Britain and the republic of the UnRted States. Let them hope that however des1)tim and intolerance, ad those evils which rlers can inflcl on their subjects might have prevailed in other countries, Great Briain and Aterica would stand up together for their fights, ani that it wold be owned that the happiness of mani uuit.-mot, to be divided from the liberties of manind. Tie nobwlmd then.revertedto thesubjectof religioustoleraremarl5r onthedL3bilitiestowiticlitheRoinanCatholicsin jBiBountr had bem bD long zubject, an alludaing iudirec%_*- to t'her disabilitiesofthe ew& t twas, saidhoon account aFn0o differenceof reWows opinion, no difference with regarito the zmode of re ouewohs that we nowfoundany exclaibn o disquaficatiee No matter wlhat the condition of at'ber S37ere,-ns or &tates, osr principles of government lei; to fzetdon. We could not maintain that principle unlesTw&3nads it umiversaL We 3must doas the 2arliamentof Era"land had of late years-done vwith but one exception, and gi7N' free aeope to refigious- op4iaoJe In Coniclusion, he gave hie advico- on the study of history. He thought it would be' maere waste of time tostudy any aert of history merely to collect ih the mind a series of date or an epitome of leading events. What was usefauliwas-to trxe evsnts to their causes, and then to follow them to- their consequenccs. It would he far bettar to study the- history ef some particular period than to ha,e at heart the dates- of tie whole history of the world. The more history vas studied the nore sober and sound would be the judg,eut of the people with respect to passing events. Fox in his- day, and Canning after him, were fond of giving as a toaet "The cause of civil and religious libertyn al over the, world" That they ehould wish ci'1il and religious liberty to flourish all over the world was well; at the same time that which was their ?articular duty was to give an example of that civil and religious liberty, aad,let others, by their own means, withlhearts ae-stoutas thoe of ourtrusty Reformers, and vith judgments as good as those who settled our constitution at the time of£ the Revolution, endeavour to settle their own institutionm and achieve their own independence. Let us hope that a free Christirn spirit, anaversion fromanythinglie intolerance and persecution, and freedom of person and of opinion might at length reach every country of Europe; and that, instead of being almost. the sole exception they might enjoy 'with the rest of the world the unnumbered blessings which thlese principles conferred. The noble lord ws frequently cheered darig the deliver of his extcmpope address, and at its close votes of thanks swere accorded to him and to the chairman, lMr. Stanton.
CIVIL SERVICE SUPEBAIu'AT0g. TO THE EDITO6R OF THE TDMIES. Sir,-The civil servants have now completed their evi. dence before the select comnmittee of the House of Commons, and their case is closed. That case is as follows:- The civil servants appointed since 1829 have been subjected to a certain tax levied on their salaries, to reduce the charge to be hereafter incurred in providing their pensions. fo this tax there have been shown to be the following serious objections:- It is wrong in principle, because it shifts the burden of the pension list from the shoulders of the Government to those of their servants. It is inequitable, because it comapels al; to pay for a contingency which only one in seven ever realizes. It is delusive, because while Government professoe to grant to its servants pensions from the State, it in fact Dpens an insurance-office, and compels them to become its customers for the purchase of deferred annuities. It is unjust, because, in the event of death in active service, the whole of the stoppages from salary, made during life, are withheld from the servants' family; but the stoppage is evenmade from the residue of salary payable after death. It is oppressive, because, salaries being low, this tax both occasions great domestic pressure and, in the majority of cases, utterly precludes insurance, and thus occasions general distress among their families. It is prejudicial to the service, because, by occasioning a reductioix Df their scanty incomes, averaging only 140!. a-year, it in. luces more than one-third of the persons admitted into the ,ervice, to quitit, afterashortexperience,formorelucrative pursuits. It isaclasstax,for,while clerksandothersinpublic offices aretaxed, the highest class of civil servants-i. c.> the Ministers of State. the Judicial and Diplomatic Corps, nud- others-and the lowvest class-i.c., the lavge body of Labourers and artisans in dockyards and arsenals, and the Letter-carriers in the Post-office-are all specially exempted Erom this tax; as are also the military and naval services of the country, and the Cail4oy6s of the East India Company, the Bank of England, and of other large establishments. And it is most impolitic, because it gives rise to ra univer. sal sense of grievance and injustice, and by perpeti. ating general dissatisfaction destroys those good relations which ought to subsist between Government and its servants. These objections are of themselves more than sufficient to insure the condemnation of the tax; but it contains a still worse element of injustice than any of those yet mentioned. It has been admitted by Sir James Graham, the autlhor of the measure, that when this tax was established there were not, what he pleasantly terms, any " nice" calculations made as to whether the convenient rates of two and a-half and five per cent., which he selected, were more or less than enough to meet the charge for pensions. We have now the concurrent testimony of Dr. Fatr, and of some of the first actuaries of the day - 3r. Hardy, Mr. Ansell, Mr. Browne, and Mr. Edlmunds-that the abatements from civil salaries are excessive, and that they are sufficient not merely to " reduce," wvich is the term used in the act, but are more than adequate to "defray," the entire future charge for pensions, even supposing those pensions not to be diminished to the extent of 20 per cent., as is the Treasury practice; and without maling any allowance for the profits arising from the forfeited payments of persons who resign or are dismissed. The correctness of the basis of Dr. Farr's calculation has aLso been certified by Mr. N\eison. Under the present system, however, upwards of 830,000!. has already been stopped from civil salaries, while only 70,0007. has been returned in the shape of pensions to any of the contributors. The surplus of 760,0001., had it been funded, would by this time have amounted to a million. sterling. The payments have not, however, been funded, although the promoters of the measure assured Parliament in 1834 that their object was " to create a fund on tho pria. ciple of insurance." They have, on the contrary, been employed in paying the pensions of persons admittel into the service before 1829; although, from the act of 1834, coupled -with the Treasury minute of 1829, it is perfectly clear that, even in a shtictly legal point of Tiew, the tax sas levied only to redace the chaTge for the pensions of persons admitted after 1829.- It consequently appears that the sums abated from tsle aalaries of civil servants have not been funded for their benefit, but have been appropriated to alien purposes; that the rates of taxation are erroneous and excessive; and that the civil servants have, for the last 27years, been needlessl.. deprived of a considerable portion of their salaries. Well may they adopt for their motto the memor tle words of 3Mr. Diae, "The history of superannuatio- ._ is a history of spEliation." I will only add that, independently of the fo regoing rea8ons for th9. xeal of *is iniquitous tav, it sh, A ld, " be borne in. nind that, by the eventual reducti, '3 of the pension-list under th. new system, according to wLicb. su a pittance is granted that the majority of men, Iust die in Ihaunz , a permanent saving of upwardg of 3CAOOO. a-year wil1be securead -whi%s aince 13, a f rthr eduction of of 270,0001. a-year has been effected in civil salaries. Tfhis annualsavingofupwardsef 5:OO,000.a-yea, *ith,catf the ,ivil service. coupled with the ,000,000'7'of monev abated from civil salaries, may surely sffice, Wad may el juWM theremalot at-which isadLsra,*to thes,atiuste ok nnd'which, by the distress andheartbrrni,ngw hitindue more effectually tends to-impair tle efficiency of thie civiE sernce than any- seftemfiie of h cmeiviv semee ~ ~ ~ f 'Ani~sion by competitive examination will ever tend to iW .rove it No half measures will aeet,t ecasw ;and itwillonly partially redress the wrong Sdy. done if this thx is for the future repealed. , - . A. CIVI SERVANT. DEB-,czR TO lf]& ImI STys JUDnES AT THE IWNS-'o-rousp-_qThe banquet pr.oposed t be givea br the Lord Y-yor t he ady Mayoress oni Taesday, the 27th inst., to Her kIajesty's Judges and maembers of the ba- ih tnavoiaably postponed tQ the fWiw49 day, Wedneas xay!2S;
L ONDO2, FBIDAY, MfAY 16, 15. TXo a mind of common generosity there is no act more grateful than the ready acknowledgment of meritorious services. Yet the plea'sure is rare, for there is alwavs something to hinder, or embarrass, or vitiate the act. The candidate for our praises is either a partisan or an antagonist; or his services are too heroic for any sober estimate, or too useful for exalted eulogies. It has been our lot to render homage to statesmen, to orators, to philanthropists, to soldiers, to the chiefs of art and science, and to the leaders of industrial progress. In all these cases the language of praise has to be purged from the venom of party, from the glory of arms, the vulgarity of trade, or some baser element. If a case can ever be found in which these difficulties disappear, and it is possible to eulogize without hypocrisy or stint, it is such a case as that of the late Governor-General of India. His rule has e.xtended over eight years of momentous and changeful interest. They have been eight years of peace and of war, of conquest and annexation, of unexampled social changes, and commercial revolutions. Every year has been a crisis, and, as if India had not work enough of her own, all Europe, Asia, and even Africa, have been disturbed by great events in which India has been deeply concerned. Yet, Lord DAmIousmE, a novice in command, comparatively young, and a civilian, with few coincillors, in declining health, and domestic affiction, chosen only and expressly for his addiction to the employments of peace and his laborious diligence, has qu ietly and even unambitiously found a place among mighty conquerors, and worked out a policy of which it will require ages to reap all the fruits. Fortune, which throwvs insuperable difficulties in the way of the feeble, has presented him with gloriom opportunities. For the use he has made of them we must refer to the full but simple details stated by the Chairman of the Court of Directors, and reported yesterday in these columns. It is enough to say that, with scarce a dissentient, he has added four kingdoms, besides lesser territories, to our Indian empire; and meanwhile introduced and developed all the great works of modern times, railways, electric telegraph, canals, irrigation, roads, manufacturing and agricultural improvements, schools, scientific institutions, cheap uniform postage, and all the public works necessary for the establishment of a civilized rule in semibarbarous countries. It is a very remarkable evidence of Lord DALHOUSIEs devotion to peace that during a tenure of power of which conquest is still the most prominent feature he yet incurred an increasing financial deficiency by public works alone, and not by the clharges of war. Had he followeed the cue of conquest, or had he desired only the thanks of the Company, he might have left an increasing surplus of revenue. hi equal disregard, however, of the requirements of war and the conveniences of finance, lie pledged the credit of the Company to works of peaceful and fut-ure utility. We have said that in this case there are happily wanting those drawbacks which the eulogist lias usually to endure or disguise; yet we are aware that " annexation " in these days is a word of reasonable suspicion, if not of just opprobrium. Whether it be by veace or bv -mrn,q wl 1k; the battle-field or by diplonacy, it is equally ascribed to the lust of dominion and the force of empire. As was truly observed the other day at the India-house, " annexation" is a word of various senses, and every one of these four instances requires a distinct consideration. In the Punjab a great military nation had for ages menaced our Indian empire, and had been designated even by European politicians as the vanguard of the conqueror that was to come. So long as it was only formidable, only organized by European officers, and only disturbed by revolution and misrule, we let it alone. When it burst the barrier, and attacked us in our own territory, we subdued it, and gave its feeble Government the advantage of British protection and guidance. When that proved insufficient for the purpose, and a fiercer contest broke out-when we found we had incurred our responsibility without the power to discharge it, then, and then only, did we annex a territory which it was impossible to deal with on any other terms. As to the annexation of Pegu, no one who remembers the former Burmese war can suppose that we entered on this new one except from' the direst necessity. Let us suppose the St. Lawrence or the mouths of the Mississippi occupied, not by civilized people, but by the most troublesome native tribes of North America, and we have in a smaller degree a picture of what we have long had to bear from the lords of the Irrawaddy. Our dignity once vindicated, and the enemy humbled, there remained no other alternative than to shut him up in the higher part of his own river, and the very remarkable fact that the revenue Af Pecn; iq nlrpndu exceeding its expenditure shows how much the country has gained and how much more it will gain by its change of rulers. The kingdom of Nagpore lapsed to us by the failure of the protected dynasty, and all that was to be done wastomakethe transition imperceptible, except by its beneficial results. The praise or blame of the act rests with those departed; its execution was all that remained to our times. The kingdom of Oude, as it was till last year, was simply as if Moscow, or Cincinnati, with a large surrounding territory, were occupied by sects and tribes at perpetual war with one another and with the common Government. It was an " ulcer" in the very heart of our empire, and with affinities so numerous and so intimate with our subject population as to threaten every day the peace of all India. That the annexation took place without one drop of bloodshed, and without a dissentient voice, except that of the wretched man who hardly professed to govern, proves that in the opinion of the people most concerned no wrong was done, but a great benefit conferred. Under these circumstances we must confess to considerable surprise that the grant to Lord DALHOUSIE of that just and moderate reward that has been given in turn to CLxvE, ConwwALLis, HAST- IGS, WELLESLEY, POTTIGER, POLLOCE, NOTT, HARDiNGE, and GOuGH should be contested. On the showing of the objectors themselves, who affect to deprecate the costly spirit of aggrandizement, Lord DALHousiE'S policy has not been more objectionable in this respect than that of his most renowned and best rewarded predecessors. If he presents any great difference compared with them, it is in the stimulus he has given to works of a peaceful and profitable character. But, even in their mouths, this argument yields to another so extraordinary that we scarcely know how it is to be described. It is, that inasmuch as Lord DAiHousir has continued eight years in the receipt of a large official income, he ough' to be content with that, and the Directors ought to punish the length of his labours by withholding the usual pension. Certainly, had he pocketed his salary and done nothing more for it than his late Commander-in-Chief, and had his reign proved a curse rather than a blessing to India, then he would have merited a recall. As it is, the only matter for regret is that Lord DAionusm, having mastered his work, has not the strength to go on with it, as every year that he could have given to India would have been so much gain. But let us ask these objectors what it is that India requires of us and has a right to require'? The greatest men we can spare from our councils at home. Lord DALnouSIE was ill spared and ill-rewarded at home, and therefore it is that India has had the benefit of his services. Pursue the same niggard policy out there, and India will suffer the want of good rulers. It is well known that with prudent men, compelled to make provision for those who belong to them, and naturally looking to their own declining years, the pension is the chief consideration,-far more so than the salary. For example, it is notorious that the Governorship of Victoria has been going abegging, in spite of the large salary, because in such places a man, to be popular and efficient, especially with a representative Government, must spend his full income. In that case there is no pension, and when the Governor has lived for five or six years at the rate of 10,000o. a-year he comes back the worse for wear, with only as many hundreds to live on, and with the painful discovery that he has lost the position he enjoyed before his banishmnent to the antipodes. It is true the Governor-General of India can save, and generally does save,; but, if he does his duty as Lord DAT ousrE has done, it is sound economy to reward him with a pension.
The rejoicings for peace do not extend to our gallant army in the Crimea. Yet British officers are not soldiers of fortune, who are only anxious to cut their way to fame and wealth by the sword; they are thorough citizens, pleased with all that contents their coLuntrymen in general, and not disinclined to, return again to home enioyments, home society, and the welcome of their respective family ro lea. But officers of all ranks and ages are in, dignant at the military measures which peace has brought with it. A few weeks since all was gratitude to our warriors and admiration for their deeds. The advance at Alma, the stern resistance at Inhermann, the daring of Balakiava, the cool heroism of the trenches were lauded with every variety of rhetoric and taste. The sufferings of our soldiers were relieved, not only by the national expenditure, but by private subscriptions, wnich poured in with abundant stream wherever those on the spot suggested a want and a remedy. Officers and men felt that their country valued and was proud of them. They were encouraged to persevere, to brave every danger, to support every hardslhip, and to labour in bringing the army into the state of efficiency which has obtained the praise of our late enemies. The success of their exertions may be considered as one of the immediate causes of peace, by convincing the Russian Sovereign that, in spite of unforeseen calamities and temporary mismanagement, the British army, numerous and well disciplined, would be a formidable opponent in the next campaign. British officers have therefore some cause of complaint when the first news of peace is accompanied by orders evincing the most unainiable parsimony, a forgetfulness of two years' zealous service, and a disregard of what is due in common justice to men in their position. *Ye do not, indeed, forget the private soldiers; but their case is simple enough. They were granted sixpence a-day extra during the war, and inmnediately peace was concluded the sixpence was stopped. "There was," says our correspondent, " no respite even to the " end of the month or of the week." This was UULtL'a"y mnurp wOrK, DUt It was strictly legal, and there is nothing more to be said. But in the case of the officers there appears to be absolute injustice. It may be according to military precedent to consider the acting Brigadiers as simply general officers for the occasion, and to send them back to their regiments the moment their services are no longer required; but the practice in this case seems scarcely consistent with those principles of natural justice to which even the Horse Guards should conform. Surely some at least of these officers have earned by their services a title to promotion. The reductions which are to take place in the strength of the army will increase the hardship to be suffered by a great body of deserving men. We learn that not only are Brigadiers to sink into Colonels, but that even a General of Division is likely to be sent back to the comnmaud of a regiment. If the services of the senior lieutenant-Colonels are to be no groimd for promotion they are to be pitied, but the junlior Lieutenant-Colonels are still more unfortunate. They " have reason to "regret the promotion they have received, "for it has caused them to be placed on half"pay when they had just begun to entertain "hopes that they might command their regiments. "Had they remained as senior Majors or Captains "they would have been safe, and their military career would have been uninterrupted by that fatal break-half-pay." But, as they have been rewarded for their gallantry, their military career is ruined. Such is the system as, after eighteen months of indignation and sarcasm, it still exists. From these dignified hardships we hardly know how to turn to one that has a tinge of the ludicrous. But the great horse question is sufficiently serious to all concerned with it, and the public as taxpayers have their own interest in the matter. Many thousand animals are now collected on the plateau and in the valleys near Sebastopol. It may be remembered that the full Land Transport Corps necessary for a campaign was estimated at 19,000 horses or mules, with a man to each. We believe a great part of this vast array is in existence. These animals were brought from all parts of the Turkish empire, and from the remotest shores of the Mediterranean. How much money has been spent the future historian of the war may recount, if he can discover. Sicily is said to have furished mules to the British army and the Turldsh Contingent at a cost of more than 401. a-piece. Even the common horses of the East were bouglht up at 151. or 201. each, about four times their ordinary value. These are all now to be put up for sale and disposed of for what they will fetch, or turned loose, to seek their fortune in the valleys of the Crimea. They are, however, Government property, and the nation may do what it likes with its own. But the case of the officers' horses is different. The CO.StfADER-IN-CBEF lately recommended these gentlemen in a general order to dispose of their horses as they best could. Now, the British officers are compelled by the regulations to provide themselves with good horses, and only a few weeks before the conclusion of peace a new and stringent order was issued on the subject. It is also urged that during the first winter in the Crimea the officers gave up their own horses to the service of the army, worked them to death, and were compelled to buy others. Now they are told to get rid of them how they can, aud a horse fair is held within the Russian lines to enable our departing warriors to dispose of their animals to their Muscovite opponents. As the habitual slhrewdness of the Russian has not deserted him, he is too wise to give a long price for what he is likely soon to get for nothing. We hear that " the largest offers ranged " from 41. to 61." Mules were sold for 5s. each. Three were disposed of for 7s. 6d., and 14 for 11. For a 501. horse 51. was offered. No wonder the fair is said to " have proved " a most utter failure." The result of all this is, that officers who have spent a considerable sum in the purchase of horses or baggage animals now find themselves on the point of losing the whole amount. The French officers, it is said, are to receive compensation for their pack animals and horses, and certainly a similar act of justice is due to our own army. The more valuable horses might, we think, be conveyed gratuitously to England in the Government transports. The WVar Department seems to have very exaggerated notions of the expense of such a scheme. It is said that offers have been made to transport any number of horses to England, even in steamers, at 201. a-head. If, however, Government decline to interfere, we recommend the subject to private enterprise. Valuable animals are not likely to be abandoned willingly, even though the Government will not tak-e upon itself the just expense of conveying them. In all this parsimony we believe the people of England have no share. Among military apologists for their own shortcomings the cry always is against the peace men and the economists, as if large and sound views of public finance were necessarily connected with niggardly paring at officers' incomes and an absolute denial of their just. claims. For such ill-judged proceedings the managers of our army have been and are still exclusively responsible. The country is indeed aware of the necessity of general economy, and statesmen ought to be convinced that it is only the financial prudence of 40 years which has enabled us to wage this war with so much spirit and so little pressure on the people. But Parliament will, we are assured, be ready to sanction, by large majorities, a grateful and generous mode of dealing with those who have fought tle country's battlesa. Those persons at the Wai-office and the Horae Guards who are now 'making this display of wretched parsimony will probably be conspicuous at some future time in declaiming against the national avarice, and ready to turn alU the just irri- tation of our officers against a public which was anxious only to prove its esteem and gratitude.
Sir RICHAID AiREY has acted throughout the Chelse inquiry in many and various characters, and on Wednesday concluded his performances by summing up strongly in his own favour. Could persons in the position in which the Quartermaster-General is presumed to stand assume to themselves the functions of judge as well as the liabilities of the accused, no doubt acquittals would largely predominate in the administration of justice. The truth, however, is, Sir RicHAnD ALnEy has not been upon his trial at all. While Colonel TuLLocn was presentthat is, while the cases of Lords LurcA and CARDiGAN were before the Court, there was some pretence for saying that an inquiry was afoot. There was at least a man present who was, to a certain degree, in a position to challenge the misstatements, to correct the exaggerations, to refresh the lagging memories of that PTetorian band of -witnesses who came forward to testify in behalf of their chiefs. At the best, Colonel TunOooH had difficulties to contend against of a most trying kind. The dead were buriedthe starving time was over-the war was at an end. Well nigh every man in the court was the sworn adherent of his opponents. Whether it was professional sympathy, whether fear for their own prospects in the service if they opposed their superior officers, or whatever the reason may have been, almost every man who came before the Court appeared in the light of an adverse witness to Colonel TuLLoom. Lord L-ucAs, whose case was first heard, endeavoured to browbeat the Commissioner; he addressed him and spoke of him to the Court in the most unbecoming and insolent manner; nor did he desist from this course until it became obvious, even to his apprehension, that by the violence of his conduct he was damaging his own case. Nor is Sir RiHcIQD AREY free from the same charge. But for Lord LxicAN's behaviour, we would have written that nothing could be more offensive or unbecoming than Sir RIcmD 'SAinnys manner to Colonel Tuu.ocH during the earlier part of the inquiry. As the holes in his own coat, however, became more apparent, Sir RIcHARD AmEy, too, saw fit to abate somewhat of the flippancy of his previous manner, until in the end. we find him speaking of the Commissioners, and especially of his old adversary Colonel TuLLocH, almost in terms of respect. All this may pass as unimportant enough, for certainly the Coturt at Chelsea has not been convened to inquire into mere questions of punctilio; but, still, observations of this kind may help us to the measure of men's minds and of their characters. 'When they can scarcely restrain the ebullitions of their temper under circumstances where self-restraint is so hig-iy necessary to their own interests, we may judge what their conduct wouild have been when they were under no such restraint, and in the possession of what was for the time irresponsible power. We should add to the list of difficulties which surrounded Colonel T=uaoc, that his colleague, Sir JoiN T'Nn:LL, had taken a different view of his position as Commissioner. Sir Joux :ZNEaL's idea is, that he was sent out to the Crimea to make a report upon certain facts as he might find them upon inquiry. He inquired, he ascertained the facts, and he made his report. There it is, impugn it who wilL Sir JoHN ]rNr. is of opinion that he has done his duty, he adheres to his act, and there is an end of the matter as far as he is concerned. We can as well understand that a gentleman should takle this view of the case as that he should] adopt the other one upon which Colonel TuiLocH acted, until his unfortunate illness compelled him to retire from the scene. We have now a few remarks to offer upon the evidence which Sir RicHAnD AannY has produced, and upon his favourable conclusion as to his own conduct. His explanation, or statement-callit by what name you will-mnst be taken for as much as it is worth; that is, we accept it as a prisoner's defence-as a defendant's view of his own acts and rights. Sir RIcHARD Ams statement, we say, supported by the evidence of his own witnesses, is a pure ex parte statement. It is not, therefore, without value, but has just that value which must be attached to unchallenged, unsifted assertions. We have, on the one hand, the allegations of the Commissioners, supported by the evidence of the Crimean witnesses, and illustratect by their own observations on the spot. On the other hand, we have these statements from Sir RIcnAD Amy andahis friends, many of which are diametrically opposed to the conclusions of the report and to the evidence attached to it. On which side lies the truth?-that is the question, and the Court at Chelsea has done nothing whatever to resolve it. There is, however, a point on which Sir RicoARD A=;Yinsistedat great length in the course of his statement, and on which he appears to have laid great stress-that is, that the testimony of the Commissioners was not to be received because they had not been deputed ad hoc; they had, as he said, exceeded their powers. Now, if General AuuEv had been a sharp lawyer, arguing some nice point of law before the Queen's Bench in banco, this objection might have passed muster. His position, however, is entirely different. He was an officer in a high and responsible commandhe has been charged with incapacity and negligence in the discharge of his duty,-he has himself asked for the opportunity of offering explanations. It would have better become him, then, to proceed to the points at issue at once than to fritter away his time and the time of the Court in frivolous discussions as to whether or no the Qumes's Commissioners had in some degree exceeded their powers. If they had exceeded their powers, would General AnEy therefore have been whitewashed in reputation? Clearly; not. In such an inquiry as this the accused must answer the charges brought against him; it will avail him little to dispute the jurisdiction of his accusers. Throughout Sir RicAsD AinRY has conducted his case in the same pettifogging spirit. ,On Wednesday he endeavoured totaint the character of theCrimean report by asking the Judge-Advocate to read the first sentence, which proved his point. There General Aix.y would have stopped, and the JudgeAdvocate was compelled to remind himthat the con- cluding sentences entirely negatived the inference which he had so disingenuously drawn from the first mutilated phrase. If we cannot say much for the spirit in which Sir RICnAriD AiRzY conducted his case, neither can we affirm that we have been convinced by his arguments. We will take his case as he sums it up, and puts it himself to the Court. As he says, the charges of the Commisiioners have now mainly resolved themselves into two heads. First, there is the statement that there was not sufficient care or forethought displayed in hutting the horses. This charge General An= considers as disposed of in the sense favouable to the accused. We doubt if he will find 100 men out of the Hall of Chelsea Hospital, and unconnected with the ruling military clique, Tiho will be of the same opinion. Then he says that the Commissioners denounced -certain irregularities in the issue departments. No doubt they did. General A=es great. argument in his own favour-his cJheval dt4bataWe, as one may say -is this -,Until it can be proved that the Quartermaster-General placed hindrances and obstacles in the way of issue, he is not only free from blame, but entitled to the highest military rewards which the SoV Gx C3U beston u .pon him at this stage of hi, career. Now, is this so ! Is it sufficient that an officer should have displayed. these paBSive virtues, and must we therefore promote him to a niche in our Walhla Alas ! we cannot but remember that of an army which lost but 3,000 men by the shot of the enemy upwards of 20,000 perished by causes which were more or less under the coltrol of men in Sr RICHARD AIY'S positio!1 They did nothing, and he did nothing. That is just what his present defence amounts to, taking it at the best, but we do not therefore feel inclined to wreathe laurel for his brows, and bid pipe and tabor strle uP, "See the conquering hero comes I"
COURT CIBCULAR. OSPORNE, rAY 15. The Queen and Prince and Royal family Valk-ed and drove in the grounds at Osborne yesterday. Her Royal Highness thc Dscbess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester yesterday at Glocester House.
MELA2ecnOLY SuiCIDE.-MAr. Charles Runsell, deputy-chairman of the Albion Life-office, and late chairman of the Great Western Railway, comimitted suicide yesterday. Shortly after 6 o'clock in the maorning his servant, on entering his room, found him lying on his bed, in his dressing-gown, uncon. scious, and -with two pistols by his side. lSIr. r'Oscar surgeon, of Tyler-street, Regent-street, and Dr. King, of Savile-row, were in immediate attendance, and found him bleeding from his nose and mouth, andbreathing heavily. One of the pistols had mis. fired, but the ball of the other had entered the roof of the mouth, and lodged in the brain, wounding in the passage some of its blood vessels. The wound he had inflicted upon himself was atonce pronounced to be mortal; still he lingered on until 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The Rev. Whitworth Russell, Inspector of Prisons, who also died by his own hands, was Mr. Charles Russell's brother. THE NEW Xmrrs_uy 1HosPrrTA.-SouzffAm,7oy May 15.-The foundation stone of this hospital will be laid by Her Majesty the Queen on Monday next. The corporation of this port will be present on the occasion, and wil present an address to Her Majesty. They will leave Southampton by a steamboat chartered for the occasion, and after the ceremony will make a trip round the Isle of Wight. In the evening a display of fireworks will take place. THE AncBmisnop oF YORK.-Tn consequence of the llHness of the Archbishop of York, who was suddenl' seized with indisposition at his town residence on the 20th ult., and who has not sufliciently recovered to be able to resume his episcopal duties, the Right Rev. Dr. Spencer, late Bishop of Madras, has been appointed to officiate at the confirmations and other ecclesiastica cerenmonies in the West Riding of Yorkshire which are shortly to taL-e plae. THE HAssArL TEsTzvINn-LSL D-m"izm.-Yesterday, after some little delay from unzavoidable circumstances, was fally fied for the festival (held at the Freemason's Tavern) in especial honour of Dr. Hassall, whose services to the community, as the detector of adulterationsin almost every article of nutriment, whether solid or liquid, are already well known, and generally acknowledged with gratitude. Dr. Hassall has " done the State some service," and it is gratifying to find the profession to which he belongs coming forward in a body to do him honour. Thlo fist practical result of the learned Doctor's labours was the appointment of the Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Adulteration of Food, and there is now every probability that their reDort will be followed up by some stringent legislative enactment. The chair was to have been occupied yesterday by Lord Ebrington, .P., but, in his nnavoidable absence from an attack of ophthalmia, it was filled, and most efficiently, by Lord William Lennox. His Lordship was supported by Mr. Olveira, MP., Mr. Waley, the Rtev. lir. Daniell (Hon. Secretary to the testimonial), Mr. Thwaites (the president of the Board of Works), Dr. Waller Lewis, Mr. Mechi, and many other gentlemen of inflaence in their respective vocations. Owing to the Whitsuntide recess several members of both Houses of Parliament who wvould otherwise have been present were unavoidably kept aw-ay, and among them were the Earl of Shaftesbury, Viscount Goderich.M.P., the HEon W. Cowper, MP., Mr. Scholefield, the chairman of the Adulteration Commttee of the House of Commons, and Mr.Villiers, ALP. After the usual loyal and constitutional toasts, the noble chairman rose, and recordedthe preat merits of Dr. Hassall, dwelling upon the scientific orignnality of his labours, and the untiring zeal and energy with which he had prosecuted his investigations. The toast was drunk with the greatest enthusiasm. Dr. Hlassall, in an eloquent and interesting speech, warmly acknowledged this gratifying recognition of his labours, gave a brief hut lucid history of the subject of adulteration, and stated that he relied mainly for its suppression upon free publici itingat the sametime some strng instances of the vlue of the microscope in the detection of adulteration. He took occasion to refer morn especially to the obligations incurred by the public to MIr. alkley, from the indomitable courage evinced by that gentleman in running the risk attendant upon the publication of the names and addresses of the merchants and tradesmen whose goods had been analyzed and " found wanting," both in quality, measure, and weight. Dr. Hassall concluded by gratefully acceptimg the testimonial presented to him by so sihguisheda meeting. The testimonialitself is a beautiful work of art, designed from Milton's " Paradise Lost," by the Rev. G. IL Braune, 3LA. It represents the auiet Ithuriel, clad in armour, touching with his spearSatan, who, having assumed the shape of a toad, sat close to the car of Eve, tempting her. 'Te testimonia stands about three feet six inches in height, the figure is modelled byM. 1reret, and executed by Messr. Barnard and Sons. One of tho anels of the pedestal is occupied -with a basso reuevo representing the microscope and the chymical apparatus employed in the discovery of adulteration, while another bears an appropriate inscription. The health of the noble chairman was proposed, in a flatterng speech, byMr. Oliveira, LP., and aptly acknowledged. Dr. assall then proposed the "Health of Mr. Waklcey," the originator of the Analytical Commission appointed by the proprietors of the Lmanet. This toast was received with much applause, and lMr. Wakley, in returning thanks, jocosely intimated that this evening, for once, he had en. joyed "unadulterated" pleasure. The lion. gentleman at the same time took occasion to exress his regret at a temporary estrangement from Dr.assall ("a mere lovers' quarrel") declaring that he came to the festival for the expresspurposeof bearing his testimony toDr. Hassalls inflexibleintegrityand briUiant abilities, and assuring his (Dr. Hassall's " slanderers" that they should not assail him unjustly. Dr. W. Lewis afterwardsproposed " The Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Adulteration of Food." lMr Mechi gave " The Press," which was responded to by Mr. Warren; and special toasts were subsequently drunk in honour of Mr. Thwaites, the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and Mr. Mechi, as an agricultural improver, to whose merits ample justice wvas rendered by Tr. Wakley5 The festival was protracted to a very late hour of the evening. LTER DEPARTURE OAF MInS AFOR TE } RItASH FORCES as- THE EAST.-The brdinary mails for the British forces or the transport service in Greece, Turkey, and the Black Sea, or for the British military hospitals, will in future be made up and despatched from London on the mornings of Tuesday and Saturday, instead of on the evenings of Monday and Friday, and supplementary mails will be despatched on the evenings of Tluesday and Saturdav. TRADE REPo1T Ro-,r FOREIGN COuynsREs.-A very interesting abstract of reports on the trade of various countries and places for the year 1854, received at the Board of Trade (through the Foreiga and Colonial offices) from Her Majesty's nss and Consuls, &c., was published on Monday. We subjoin a few particulars relative to the various countries, taken in rotation. The trade of Annan, or Cochin China, in 1853.4 ansounted to $106,300 (exported to Singapore), and $220,298 imported from Singapore. The average number and tounase of junks and topes arriving at Singapore from Cochin Chna is not less than 110 sail, of 11,520 tons. The returns from Chili show a great increase of trade, in which Great Britain hus shared to a greater proportionate extent than anyrother nation, Belgium and 0-ermanyhavingagain fallen to the rearwa-rdof us. The mnarket, however, has been rather glutted wiith British manufactures. Our trade with Dunkirk is increasing rapidly; the Articles imported from England in 1855 included wheat, barley, rice, fruits, oil, seeds, cotton wool, flar, wine, beer, iron, tools, coals, silk, hides, tallow, naphtha, guano, clay, and goods for the Great Exhibition of Paris. The exports included silks, lEnseed, cakes, wines, fres fruits, seeds, animal charcoal, and haberdashery. Tie market for manufactured goods at the Leipsic fair of lEchaelmas last, was brisk, and English cottons and woollens in good demand. There was an unusual dsand for watches and jewelry (for the East). The trade of Madeira ha declined sensibly; only 1,776pipes of wine were exported in the year lg54-55, agairkA 2,2f7 pipes in the preceding year. The old stock of vine in the island may not exceed 8,000 pipea. The export of fruit increases; the population of the iand has decreased. A report on the trade of Ignique, iii Peru, shows the immense extent of the commerce in the sMple articlethe nitrate of soda, of 'which large and inexhaustible beds are found in thle adjaoent districts; 719,81 q,uintals of the sslt were exported in 18S5, and 8,036,1QS smce the yew 1830. Itis computed th6t the capital invested inthenitri . of soda trade is over $1,500,000, of which . $1,00,0 is British. The aimount of this salt seat to England dwinP the past five years is more than 54 per cent. of the tt exportation. The fine trade of theoPhilippine Islads is fettered, and its expansibility ompressed; by btig con. fined by law to the port of 3Ianilla, besides Zwhich the jealousy which prohibits foreigners from 7isiting the n- terior hinders the development of a demand for foreip goods. A deplorable picture is given of the wine.traae sE Portuga, well-nigh ruined by the obstinate disease in the vine. The produce of wine for the ye,ar 186 is estiniated 'at between 6,000 and bOD9 pipes only, the average having been 10D,000. The prospect of an abundant crop ofol -will but partially tompenuste for the calaiity. The iron-ore mining in Prussia is largelyincreasing. The trade of the Sandwich Islands continues to mcrease, the exports being sugar, coffee, molasses,kc. The value of thb exports from Sardiila in 1854 decreased 1,842,4G3f., and that of the imports increased l,140,4S9f. The malaria, the cholera, and the conscription were seriously thinning the scanty population As regards ihe iron trade of Sweden and the iecent decree allowing th export of Swedish pig ir on it s found difficult to speak with certainty of the future price of the article, or the effect of the measure. The reports on other countries wt must reserve for i^ future occasion
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRAL CORMITNAL MC1T XT Tv 1 K alhe adjourned trial of William Palmer for the murder of John Parsons Cook was resumed this morning. The court was densely crowded, and there was no abatement of the aterest which the proceedings have from the commencement awakened. Among the distinguished persons present were the Earl of Derby, Earl Grey, Lord W. Lennox, Lord G. G. Lennox, Lord H. Lennox, &c. The learned judges, Lord Chief Justice Campbell and Mr. Baron Alderson, accompanied by the Recorder, the Sheriffi, the 'Under-Sheriffs, and several members of the Court of Aldermen, took their seats on the bench at 10 o'clock. The prisoner was then placed at the bar. The expression of his countenance was sadder and more subdued than on the preceding day. He maintained his usual tranquility of demeanour, seldom changing his position, and gazing steadfastly at the witnesses. The same counsel were again in attendance :-The Attorney-General, Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Bodk-in, M1r. Welsby, and Mr. Huddleston, forthe Crown; and 3Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.C., Mr. Gray, and M1r. Kenealy, for the prisoner. The Jury, who had been all night at the London Coffeehotse, were conducted into court by the officer who had them in charge. Elizabeth Mills, who was under examination the previous evening, was again placed in the witness-box. She deposed as follovs :-I had been engaged at the Talbot Arms for -about three years previous to Cook's death. Cook first asame to that inn in the month of 3May, 1855, and was off and on for some months. I never heard him complain of any illness during that time except of an affection in his throat. I heard him complain of a sore throat two or three months before his death. He said it resulted from cold. Ile teok a gargle for it. I believe he had it from Mr. Thirlby. I did not observe any sores about his mouth. I never heard him comnplain of a difficulty in swallowing. I have seen him with a " loaded" tongue occasionally; but I never heard him complain of a sore tonzrue, nor have I heard of caustic being applied to his tongue. It was a month, if not more, before his death that I heard him say he had a sore throat. I never knew him to take medicine before his last illness. H3e had a slight cough through cold, but never to my knowledge a violent one. He had not been ailing just before he went to Shrewsbury. On his return from Shrewsbury he complained of being poorly. I left my situation at Christmas, and went to my home in the Potteries. Since then I have been in another situation, which I left in Febrnary. I have seen Mr. Stevens, Mfr. 'Cook's father-in-law, since I have been in London. I cannot say how many times I have seen him, but it is not more than six or seven times. Sometimes we conversed together -in a private room. He only came to see whether I liked the place or whether I liked London. We used to converse to_,ether about Mr. Cook's death. I have talked to him about M1r. Cook's death at Rugeley. I cannot remember =anything else that we talked about except the death. He has never given me a farthing of money or promised to get mne a place. I saw Mr. Stevens last Tuesday at Dolly's Hotel, -where I had been in service. Lavinia Barnes was with Ms. She was the waitress at the Talbot Arms when Mr. -Cook dikd. Two other persons were present, Mr. Hatton, the chief officer of Rugeley, and Mr. Gardner, an attorney -at the same place. Mr. Cook's death may have been mentioned at this meeting. Other things were talked of which I do not wish to mention. Serjeant Sssxx.-But you must mention them. Witness.-I cannot remember what they were. I don't know whether we talked about the trial. They did not ask me what I could prove. My deposition was not read over to me, and Mr. Stevens did not talk to me about the sym. ptoms that were exhibited by Mr. Cook before his death. I had seen M1r. Hatton a few times before. I once saw him at Dolly's. He merely dined there. I cannot remember whether he spoke to me about Cook's death. He might have done so. I cannot remember whether he did or not. I know he asked nie how I did. -(A laugh.) I saw Mr. Gardner once at Dolly's, and once in the street, and I swear these were the only occasions I ever saw him. I never went with him to a solicitor's office. At present I am living with my niother at Ru geley. Before -that I had been living among my friends. I know a man named Dutton. He is a friend of mine. I have been stay. iag at his house. His mother lives in the same house. Ho S a laborin" man. I used to sleep wvith Dutton's mother. I swear that slept with his mother. I have also been stay. iag withl a cousin of mine in the Potteries. I left Dolly's of my own accord, because I did not like the place. I can read, and I read the newspapers. I have heard of the case of a person named Dove, who was supposed to have murdered his wife at Leeds. I merely heard that it was another strychnine case, but the symptoms of strychnine were not mentioned. I will swear that I men. tioned "twitching" to the coroner. If I did not use the exact word, I said something to the same effect. I wiiU swear that I have used the vord "twitching" before I came to London. The words "twitching" and "jerking" were not first suggested to me. I did not say anything about the broth aving made me sick before the coroner, because it did not occur to me. I did tell the coroner that I tasted the broth, and that I did not observe anything particular about it. I was examined several times, and I wvas questioned particularly upon the subject of the broth, and I said on one occasion that I thought the broth was very good. I did not at the time think it wvas the broth that had caused the sickness. I was so il that I was obliged to go to bed; but I could not at all account for it. I only took Itwo table-spoonfuls and the sickness came on in about half an hour. I never knew of Mr. Cook taking coffee in bed before those occasions. If I have said that Mr. Palmer ordered coffee for Cook, I have no doubt that It is correct. I cannot remember so well to day as I did yesterday. I cannot remember whether I told the coroner that I had not seen 3Mr. Palmer when I gave the deceased the coffee. I don't remember whether I said anything before the coroner about seeing a box of pills in the deceased's bedroom on the Monday night, and that Palmer was in the room at the time. Perhaps I was not askedthe question. I did nothing but answer questions that were put to me. I am sure that Palmer was in the room on that night. I remember that he brought a jar of jelly, and I opened it. I swear that the deeease(i told me that the pils Palmer had given him had made him ill. I did not say this before the coroner. I was asked sonle questions by Dr. Collier with regard to what I had stated to the coroner, and I said that my evidenco had been altered, as some things had occurred to me since, and I bad made another statement to a gentleman. I gave this additional statement to a gentleman at Dolly's. I don't know who the gentleman was. I did not ask him, and he did not tell me. He did not ask me many questions. He put a few to me and wrote down my answers. He mentioned Mr. Stevens's name. Mr. Stevens was there. Serjeant SI1EE.-Whydid notyoutell me that9.-Because sou did not ask me. (A laugh.) Cross-examination continued.-I did not tell the coroner that Mfr. Cook was beating the bedclothes on the MLonday night. I did say that he sometimes threw his head bask, and then would raise himself up again, and I believe I also said that ho could hardly speak for shortness of breath. I did not say that he called "'3urder !" twice, and I do not remember saying that he " twitched" while I was rubbing his harids. I did not say anything about toast-and-water being given to Mr. Cook-, by order of Palmer, in a spoon or that he snapped at the spoon and bit it so hard that it was difficult to get it out of his mouth. The LORD CIIIF. JUSTICE here interposed and intimated -his opinion that it would be a fairer course to read the witmess's depositions. The other judges concurred. The A TORS^2-GENERAL said, he should have interposed, 'but it was his intention to adduce evidence to show the manner in which the case was conducted by the coroner, and that he was expostulated with upon omitting to put proper questions, and also omitting to take down the answers tnat were given. Cross-examination continued.-I should have answered all those questions if they had been put to me. I was not purposely recalled to state the symptoms of the deceased in the nresence of Dr. Taylor. When the prisoner came to the Talbot on the Tuesday night he had a plaid dressing-gown on, but I cannot say whether he had a cap or not. I did not obser-e that the prisoner appeared at all confused at the time he was examining the clothes and the bed of the deceased. A model of the prisoner's house and of the hotel was here produced. The deposition of the witness was put in and read, for the purpose of showing that the statements made by her in her examination on Wednesday were omitted when she was examined by the coroner. The vwitness was then re-examined by Mr. E. Jsmrs. -I was examined on a great many different days by tho coroner. I was not asked to describe all the symptoms I saw. The coronerhimself put the questions to me, and his clerk took down the answers. I merely answered the questions, andI was not told to desecibe all I saw. The coroner asked me it the broth hand any effect upon me ; and I said "Not that I was aware of." I don't know what brought the sickness to my mind afterwards, but I think that some one else in the house brou-ht the fact to my memory. I certainly did vomit after f took the broth, and was obliged to go to bed. I am quite sure the deceased told me that it was the pilLs Palmer had given hinl that had made him ill. When Mr. Collier came to me he said that he waa for the Crovn, and he then asked me questions about tho inquest and the death of Mr. Cook. I answered all the questions he put to me, and he took them down in writing and carried the statement away with him. Two other persons waited outside the house. I am engaged to be married to one of the Duttns. Serieant Snys&-Did not Dr. Corier tell you that he waas neither for the Crown nor for the defence, but for the truth ? Witness.-No; what he said was that he was for the Crown; butwhat he desired above all things was to know the truth, and that he asked me to tell hina without fear, favour, or affection. 3Mr. Gardner, examimed by the ATtORbEy XF_I am a member of the firm Of Gardner and Co., of Rugeley. I acted in this matter for the firm of Cookson and Co., the solicitors of Mr. Stevens. the father-in-law of Cook. I attended the inquest on the body of Cook, and occasionally put questions to the witnesses. M1r. Ward, an attorney, was the coroner. He put questions to the witnesses, and his clerk took down the answers. The inquest lasted five days, and several times upon each day I expostulated with the coroner on account of his omitting to put questions. Mfr. Serjeaut SHEE submitted that what was said by the coroner was no evidence against the prisoner. The ATToRNHEY-GF?,E-AL.-It is not intended as evidence against the prisoner, but to rebut the effect of evidence that you have put in. I will ask-had you occasion to expostulate with the coroner as to the omission of his clerk to take down the answters of witnesses ? 3Ir. Serjeant SHsn.-I object to the question being put in that form. The ATToRN Y-GENEnAL.-D1d you observe that the clerk omitted to take down the answers of Elizabeth Mills? -Not in reference to that particular case. Mr. Baron ADEPz.iSO.-Her account of the matter is that the questions were not put. The ArTorni-EY-GENERAL.-Did Dr. Taylor object that questions were not put which ought to have been put i-I do not recollect it. Lord Cmpi3ELL.-It is not suggested, as I understand, that the coroner refused to correct any mistakes that were made. The ATToRsEY-GE1,-ERAL.-I am prepared to show that there was such misconduct on the part of the coroner as led to expostulation. i Mr. Serjeant S}IEE.-Don't state thatunless yon are going. to prove it. The ATTORNEY-GEyERAL.-It is suggested that awitness has given evidence here which she did not give before the coroner; my object is to show, first, that questions were not put to her which might and ought to have been put; secondly, that her answers to other questions were not taken down. Lord CAmFPBELL held that the evidence was not admissible. Witness, cross-examined by 3Mr. Serjeant SIEE.-The jury put a great many questions. 7e-examined.-The jury made very strong observations as to the necessity of putting questions. The ATTORNEY-;ES,ERAL.-Did they assign any reason for interfering when they put questions ? 3r. Serjeant SHFE objected to this question, on the ground that it did not arise out of his cross-examination. Lord CAMPPEFLL.-My learned brethren think that evidence upon this point is not admissible. Mr. Justice CRESSIVELL said, the depositions which had been put in did not show that any questions had been put by the jurymen. If they had contained such questions they would have shown the motive of the jury in putting them. Bat the Court wss left totaly in the dark as to whether questions had been put by the coroner or any other penyting that appeared to the contrary, the witnesses might havemadeavoluntary statement without any questions at al being put to them. No foundation was laid tnerefore for the Attorney-Generals question. 3Ir. Baron Ani)EiSON- concurred. Mrs. Ann Brooks, examined by the A¶TToR-EY-GExERAi, -I live at Manchester. I am in the habit of attending races. I was at Shrewsburv Races in November,1855.. Isaw Palmer there. On the 14th (Wednesday), about 8 o'clock in the evening, I met him in the street, and asked him whether he thought his horse Chicken would win? He desired me if I heard anything further abouit a horse belonging to Lord Derby, which was also to run, to caU and tell him on the following day. I went to the Raven to see him at halfpast 10 o'cloCk on the Thursday evening. Some friends waited for me in the road. I went upstairs and asked a servant to tell Palmer that I wished to speak to him. The servant said he was there. At the top of the stairs there are two passages, one facing the other to the left. I turned to the left. I saw Palmer standing by a small table in the passage. He had a tumbler-glass in his hand, in which there appeared to be a small quantity of water. I did not see him put anything into it. There was a light between him and me, and he held it up to the light. He said to me, "I will be with you presently." He saw me the moment I got to the top of the stairs. He stood at the table a minute or two longer with the glass in his hand, holding it up to the light once or twice, and now and then shaking it. I made an observation about the fineness of the weather. The door of a sitting-room, which I supposed was unoccupied, was partially open, and he went into it, taking the glass with him. In two or three minutes he came out again with the glass. What was in the glass was stil the colour of water. He then carried it into his own sitting-room, the door of which was shut. He afterwards came out and brought me a glass with brandy-andwater in it. It might have been the same glass. I had some of the brandy-and-water. It produced no unpleasant consequences. We had some conversation about the races. In the course of it hesaidheshouldbackhis own horse, Chicken. I was present at the race, when Chicken ran and lost. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SiEE.-I am married. Brooks is the name of my husband. He never goes with me to races. I live with him. I don't attend many races in the course of a year. My husband has a high appointment, and does not sanction my going to Aaces. eat number of racing men were ill at Shrewsbury on the WYed. nead<ay There was a wonder as to what had caused their illness, and something was said about the water being poisoned. People were affected by sickness and purging. I know some persons who were so affected. The passage in which I saw Palmer holding the glass led to a good inany rooms. I think it was lighted by gas. I supposed that he was mixing some cooling drink. Re-examined.-I was not examined before the coroner. The brandy-and-water which Palmer gave me was cold. I had been on friendly terms with him. I had known him a number of years as a racing man. Lavinia Barnes, examined by Mr. E. JAMiEs,-In N ovember, 1855, I was a waitress at the Talbot Arms. I knew Palmer and Cook. Cook called there on the 12th (Monday) as he was going to the races. He did not complain of illness. I saw him when he returned on the 15th. On the Friday he came between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening, after dining with Palmer. He spoke to me. He was sober. On the Saturday I saw him twice. Some broth was sent over and taken up to him by me. He could not take it; he was too sick. I carried it down and put it in the kitchen. I afterwards saw Palmer, and told him Cook was too sick to take it. Palmer said he must have it. Elizabeth Mills afterwards took it up again. She was taken ill with violent vomiting on the Sunday, between 12 and 1 o'clock. She went to bed and did not come downstairs till 4 or 5 o'clock. I saw some broth on that day in the kitchen. It was ina "sick cup," with two handles, not belonging to the house. I did not see it brought. The cup went back to Palmer's. On the Monday morning, between 7 and 8 o'clock, I saw Palmer. He told Mills he was going to London. I also saw Cook during the day. Sandars came to see him, and I took him up some brandy-and-water. I slept that night in the next room to Cook's. Palmer came between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, and went upstairs, but I did not see whether he went into Cook's room. About 12 o'clock I was in the kitchen, when Cooles beU rang violently. I went upstairs. Cook was very ill, and asked me to send for PalmerF Ie screamed out "Mfurder!" He exclaimed that he was in violent pain-that he was suffocating. His eyes were wild-looking, standing a great way out of his head. He was beating the bed with his arms. He cried out, "Christ, have mercy on my soul!" I never saw a person in such a state. Having called up Mills, I left to send "Boots!' for Palmer. Palmer came, andl againwent into the room. Cook was then more composed. lHe said, " Oh, doctor, I shall die." Palmer replied, ' Don't be alarmed, my lad." I saw Cook drink a darkish mixture out of a glass. I don't know who gave it him. I both saw and heard him snap at the glass. He brought up the draught. I left him between 12 and 1 o'clock, when he was more composed. On the Tuesday he seemed a little better. At night, a little before 12 o'clock, the bel rang again. I was in the kItchen. Mills went up stairs. I folowed her, and heard Cook screaming, but did not go into the room. I stood outside the door and saw Palmer come. He had been fetched. I said, ashbe passed me, "Mr. Cookisill again." He said, " Oh, ishe9" and wentinto the room. He wasdressed in his usual manner, and wore a black coat and a cap. I remained On the landm_whenPalmercameout. As he went down stairs Mills asked ham how Cook was ? He said to her and tome, "Heisnotso badby50parts as hewaslastnight." I heard Cook ask to be turned over before I went in, while Palmer was there. I went in after Palmer had left, but I came out before Cook died. after he died on the Tuesday I went into the room and found Palmer with a coat in his hand. He was clearing out the pockets of the coat and looking under the bolster. I said, "Oh! Mr. Cook can't be dead !" Palmer said, "He is. I knew he woiddbe," and then left the room. I saw him on the Thursday following. He came into the hall of the hotel and asked for the key of Cook's bedroom, in which the body was lying. Thle keY was 3n-the bar.Hesihewnd some books and papers and a paperknife, for they were to go back to the stationer's, or else he would have to pay for them. I went with him into the room. He then re- quested me to go to Miss Bond for some books. I went downstairs and fetched the books. When I returned he was still in the room looking for the paperknife on the top of the chest of drawers among books, pa,pers, and clothes. He said, "Ican'tfindthe knifeanywhere. MissBond.thehousekeeper, afterwards came up, and I left. On the Friday, between 3 and 4 o'clock, I saw Mr. Jones with Palmer. Jonea said he thought Palmer knew where the betting-book was. Palmer asked me to go and look for it, and said it was sure to be found, but it was not worth anything to anyone but Cook. ills and I went up to look for it, but we could not find it. We searched ever hbre--in the bed, and all round the room, but not in the drawers. We went down and told Palmer and Jones that we could not find it. Palmer said, "Oh, it will be found somewhere. I will go with you and look myself." Re did not go with us, but left the house. I did not see him come out of the room on the Thursday. There was no reason for our not looking in the drawers. Some people were in the room at the time, nailing the coffin. Cross-ex'amined by Mr. Serjeant SIIEE.-Cook had some coffee onthe Saturday between 12 and 1- I did not pay any particular attention to the time when Palmer went up on the MEonday. I am not sure it was before half-past 9, but I am sure it was beforel. I don't remember whether Cook touched the glass from which he drank the mixtrae. I think some one else was holding it. There ws some of Cook's linen in several of the drawers. There was a portmanteau containig other things besides those in the drawers. There were dres clothes, an ovscrcoat, and morn ing clothes, The door was locked on thD night of the death. -The women were sent for to lay out I he corpsebefore it wag light. The undertakers went on the following morning, amd the door was locked Mvto they left. They came &a on the Thursday night, had the key, and went up by themselves. Tne body was put into the cofnn the day Stevens was there. The women were in the room with the three undertakers when I looked for the book. Re-examined by the ATToBzzy-GxNERAL.-The chambermaid and I were in and out of the room while the women were laying out the body, but the were sometimes left alone. I saw nothing of the book at that time. I had seen it before in Cook's hand, but I don't remember seeing it in the room. Ann Rowley, examined by M1r. WXLsny.-I live at Rugeley, and have frequently been employed as charwoman by Palmer. On the Saturday before Cook died Palmer sent me to Mr. Robinson's, at the Albion Inn, for a little broth for Cook. I fetched the broth, took it to Palmer's house, and put it to the fire in the back kitchen to warm. After doing so I went about my work in other parts of the house. When the broth was hot Palmer brought it to me in the kitchen and poured it into a cup. He told me to take it to the Talbot Arms for Cook, to ask if he would take a little bread or toast with it, and to say that Smith had sent it. By Lord CAIMBELL.-He did not say why I was to say that. Examination resumed.-There is a Mr. Jeremiah Smith in Rugeley. He is called " Jerry Smith." le is a friend of Palmer's. I took the broth to the Talbot Arms, and gave it to Lavinia Barnes. Cross-examimed by Mr. Serjeant SE,m-MIr. Smith was in the habit of putting up at the Albion. He was friendly with Cook. Cook was to have dined with Smith that day, but was not able to go. Mrs. Robinson, the landlady of the Albion, made the broth, but I do not know by whose ordere'. By Lord CAMPBELL.-The broth was at the fire in Palmer's kitchen about five minutes. Charles Horley, examined by Mr. BoDK;.-I am a gardener living at Rugeley, and was occasionally employed by the grisoner in his garden. On the Sunday before Cook died Palmer askedme to take somo broth to Cook. That was at Palmer's house, where I was in the habit of going. It was between 12 and 1 o'clock. He gave me the broth in a small cup, with a cover over it, and told me to take it to the Talbot Arms for Cool. I did so. I cannot say whether or not the broth was hot. I gave it to one of the servant girls at the Talbot Arms, but which I cannot say. The witness was not cross-examined. Sarah Bond, examined by Mr. HUDDLESTON.-IU NOvember last I was housekeeper at the Talbot Arms. I knew Cook He stayed at the Talbot Arms. I remember his going to Shrewsbury Races on tho 12th of November. le returned on the Thursday. I heard him say that he was very poorly. I did not see him on the Friday or Saturday. On Sunday I saw him about 8 o'clock in the evening. le was in bed. iEe said that he had been very poorly, but was better. Verysoonafterwards I saw Palmer. Iask-ed him what he thought of Cook, and he replied that he was better. On Saturday night Smith had slept in the room with Cook. On the Sunday evening I asked Palmer if Cook would not want somebody with him that night, and Palmerreplied thathe was so much better, that it would not be necessary that any one should be witls him. Iasked if Daniel Jenkins, the boots, should sleep in the room? Palmer said, that Cook was so much better he had much rather he didnot. On the Monday morning, a little before 7 o'clock, I saw Palmer again. ge came into the kitchen to me. I asked him how Cook was. le said he was better, and requested me to make him a cup of coffee. Ile did not say anything about its strength. He remained in the kitchen, and I made the coffee and gave it tohim. He told me that he was going to London, and that he had written for Mr. Jones to come to see Cook. On the Monday night, hearing from the waitress that Cook was ill I went up to his room between 11 and 12 o'clock. When I wentito the room Cook was alone. le was sitting up in bed, resting on his elbow. Ho seemed disappointed, and said that he did not want to see me, but Palmer I went out on to the landing, and soon afterwards Palmer came. Palmer went into the room. I could not see what was done in the room. Palmer came out, went away for a few minutes, and thenreturned. After he caine back I heard that Cook had vomited. Cook said, he tbought he should die. Palmer cheered him up, and said that he would do all he could to prevent it. When Palmer came out of the room again, I asked him if Cook had any relatives, and he said that he had only a stepfather. I saw Cook again between 3 and 4 o'clock on Tuesday. That was wher. Mr. Jones came. A little after 6 o'clock I took some jelly up to Cook. He seemedvery anxious for it, and said that he thought he should die. I thought he seemed better. I did not see him again alive. Between S and 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning. I locked the door of the room in which Cook's body lay. About 9 o'clock I gave the key to Mr. Tolly the barber, when he came to shave the corpse. On Thursday I gave it to Lavinia Barnes. After that I went up to the room and met Palmer coming out of it. After I came out the door was locked, and I had the key. On Friday, when Mr. Stephens came, I gave the key to the undertaker. Cross-examined by Mr. GRovx,-The passengers by the express train from London arrived at Rugelev about 10 o'clock in the evening. They come by fly from Stafford. William Henry Jones, examined by the ATToRN-Ey. GESE-RAL.-I am a surgeon, livingat Lutterworth. I have been in practice 15 years. I was acquainted with Cook, who from time to time resided at my house. I had been on terms of intimacy with him nearly five years. He was 28 years of age when he died, and unmarried. He was ariginally educated for the law, but of late years had devoted himself to agriculture and the turf. The last year or two he had no farm. He kept racehorses and betted. I had known Pahner about 12 months. Lately Cook considered my house at Lutterworth as his home. I have attended him professionally. His health was generally good, but he was not very robust. He was a man of active habits. le both hunted and played cricket. In November last he invited me to go to Shrewsbury to see his horse run and I went. I spent Tuesday, the 13th, with him there. That was the day on which Polestar ran and won. I dined with Cook and other friends at the Raven Hotel, where he was staying. The horse having won there was a little extra champagne drank. We dined between 6 and 7 o'clock, and the party broke up betwveen S and 9. Cook afterwards accompanied me round the towfn. We went to Mr. Fraill's, who is Clerk of the Course. I saw Cook produce his betting-book to Whitehouse, the jockey, He calculated his winnings on Polestar. There were figures in the book. Cook made a statement as to his winnings. Mr. Serjeant SIIEE objected to this statement being given in evidence, and the Attorney-General therefore did not ask any questions as to its purport. Examination resumed.-I left the Raven Hlotel at 10 Volock. Cook was then at the door. He was not at all the worse for liquor, lie was in his usual health. On the following Monday I received aletter from Palmer. This letter, which was put in and read, was as follows " My dear Sir,-Mr. Cook was taken ill at Shrewsbury, mnd obligedtcallin a medical man. Since then he has been eonfined to his bed hero wFith a very severe bilious attack, combined with diarrhcea. I think it desirable for yon to come to see him as soon as possible. "Nov. 18, 1855." WILLIsA PALUIR. Examination resumed.-On that day (Monday) I was very anwell. On the next day Iwent to Rugeley. I arrived at the ralbot Arms about half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and himediatelywent upto Cook'sroom. Hesaidthathewas ve ,omfortable, but he had been very ill at Shrewsbury. lid not detail the symptoms, but said that he was obliged Lo caU in a medical man. Palmer came in. I examined Cook in Palmer's presenco. He had a natural pulse. I looked at his tongue, which was clean. I said it was hardly the tongue of a bilious diarrhcea attack. Palmer replied" You should have seen it before." I did not then pre-cribe for Cook. In the course of the afternoon I visited aim several times. He changed for the better. liis spirits mnd pulse both improved. I gave him, at his request, some noast-and-water and he vomited. There was no diarrhcea. [he toast-and-water was in the room. M3r Bamord came in the evening about 7 o'clock. Palner had told me that Mr. Bamford had been called in. Mr. Banmford expressed his opinion that Cook was going on iery satisfactorily. We were talking about what he was to ave, and Cook objected to the pills of the previous night. ?a'mer was there all the time. Cook said the pills made im all. I do not remember to whom he addressed this ob;ervation. We three (Palmer, Bamford, and myself) went mt upon the landing. Palmer proposed that Mr. Bamford ;hould make up some morphine pills as before, at the same iime requesting me not to mention to Cook what they con. mined, as he objected to the morphine so much. Mr. Baamrord agreed to this, and he went away. I went back to Cook's room, and Palmer went with me. During the even. big I was several timesin Cook's room. lHeseemedverycomFortable all the evening. There was no more vomiting nor mny diarrhma, but there was a natural motion of the bowels. I observed no billious symptorns about Cook. By Lord CAINIPBELL.-Did he appear to have recently auffered from a bilious attack 1-No. Examination resumed.-Palmer and I went to his house bbout 8 o'clock. I remained there about half-an-hour, and ;hen returned to Cook. I next saw Palmer in Cook's room tt nearly 11 o'clock. He had brouight with him a box of Dllis. le opened the paper, on which the direction was written in my presence. -That paper was round the box, Re called my attention'to the paper, sayng, " What an *scellent handwriting foi an old man 1" I did not read the lirection, but iooked at the writing, which was very good. [amer proposed to Cook thatl esheuldtake the pills. Cook ?rotested very much against it, because they had made him ;o iU on the previous night. Palmer repeated the request -everal times, and at last Cook complied with it, and took :he pills. The moment he took them he vomited into the atensiL Palmer and myself (at Palmer's request) searohed n it for the pills, to see whether they were returned. We round nothing but toast-and-water. I do not know when Jook had drunk the toast-and-water, but it was standing by ;he bedside al the evenig. The vomiting could not have een caused by tho contents of the pills, nor by the act of iwallowing. After vomiting Cook aid down and appeared Befora Palmer came Cook had got up aud sat in a Eit. His spirits were very good; he was laughing and joking, talking of what he should do with himself duringthe winter. After he had taken the pils] I went downstairs to my supper, and returned to his momx at nearly 12 o'clock. Eis room was double.bedded, and it haa been arranged that [ should sleep in it that niIt. I talked to Cook for a few minutes, and thenwent to bed. When I last talked to him he was rather sleepyS. but quite as well as he had been luring the evening. There wasnothing about him to excite any apprebensions, I had been in bed about 10 minutes, and ha not got to leep, when he suddenly started up in bed, and called oat, "1 Doctor, get u l I am going to be il ! Ring the bell and send for Palmer.' I rang the bell. The chamnbermai came, and Cook called out to her, "Fetchl Mr. PaIWer." le asked me to zive him somethmng, I declsue4, and said, "Palmer will be here directly." Cook Wvs then sitting up in bed. The room was rather i.rk, and I did not observe anything partioular in his countenance, lie asked me to rub the back of his neck I did g I supported him with mry arm. There was a stiffness about the muscle of his neck. Palmer CamD very soon (two or tbDg iuutesa% the utuo ;t) after the chambermaid went for him. He said, "I never dressed so quicldy In my life." I did not observe howv he ws dre. He gave Cook two pills, which he told me were ammonia pills. Cook swallowed them. Directly he did so he uttered loud screams, threw himself back in the be, and was dreadfully convulsed. That could not have been the result of the action of the pills last taken. Cook said, "Ruaise me up ! I shall be suffocated." Thatwas at the cmmencement of the convulsions, which lasted five or ten minutes. The convalsions affected every muscle of the body, and were accompaLied by stiffening of the limbs. I endeavoured to raise Cook with the assistance of Palmer, but found it quite impossible, owing to the rigidity of the limbs. When Cook found we couldnotraisehimup he asked me to turn him over. He was then quite sensible. I turned him on to his side. I listened to the action of his heart. I found that it gradually weakened, and asked Palmer to fetch some spirits of ammonia, to be used as a stimulant. Palmer went to his house and fetched the bottle. He was away a very short time. When he returned the pulsations of the heart were graduany ceasing and life was almost extinct. Cook died very quietly a very short time afterwards. From the time he called to me to that of his death there elapsed about 10 minutes or a quarter of an hour. He died of tetanus, which is a spasmodic affection of themuscles of the whole body. It causes death by stopping the action of the heart. The sense of suffocation is caused by the contraction of the respiratory muscles. The room was so dark that I could not observe what was the outward appearance of Cook's body after death. When he threw himself back in bed he clinched his hands, and they remained clinched after death. When I was rubbing his neck his head and neck were unnaturally bent back by the spasmnodic action of the muscles. After death his body was so twisted or bowed tha ifI hd pacd i upn te bckit would have rested upon the bead and the feet.d By Lord CAMIPB1,-LWhen did yon first observe that twisting or bowing 9.-hen Cook threw himself back in Examination resumed.-The jaw was affected by the spasmodic action. Palmer remained half-an-hour or an hour after Cook's death. I suggested that we should have some women to lay Cook out. I left the room to speak to the housekeeper about this. Seeing two maids on the landing I sent them into the room where Palmer was with CooZs body. I went downstairs and spoke to the housekeeper, and then returned to the bedroom. When I went back Palmer had Coolk's coat in his hand. He said to me, " You, as his nearest friend, had better take possession of his effects." I took Cook's watch and his purse, containing five sovereigns and five shillings, which was all I could find. I saw no betting-book nor any papers or letters belonging to Cook. I found no baninotes. Before Palmer left did he say anything to you on the subject of affairs between himiself and Cook9.-He did. Soon after Cook's death he said, "It is a bad thing for me that Mr. Cook is dead, as I am responsible for 3,0001. or 4,0001., and I hope hlr. Cook's friends will not let me lose it. If they do not assist me all my horses will be seized." He smid nothg about securities or papers. I was present when 1r. Stevens, Cook's stepfather, came. Palmer said that if Mr. Stevens did not bury Cook he should. I do not recollect that there was any question about burying him. Mr. Stevens, Palmer, Mtr. Bamford, and myself, dined together. After dinner Mr. Stevens, in Palmuer's presence, asked me to go and look for Cook's betting-book. I went to look= for it, and Palmer followed me. The night that Cook died the betting-book was mentioned. What was said about itl--Palmersaid that it would be of use to no one. What led to this ?-My taking possession of the effects. Did you make any observation about the book ?-I cannot recollect. Did you find it .-No. Didyou make any remark ?-No particular remark. Did Palmer know what you were looking for 9-Yes. How.-I said, " Where is the betting-book ." Upon that he said, "It is of no use to any one." You are sure he said that ?-Yes. When I went to look for the book, at Mr. Stevens' request, Palmer followed me. I looked for the book for two or three minutes, but did not find it. I told the maidservants that I could not find it. Pahner returned with me to the dining-room, and I told Mr. Stevens that I could not find the book. By Lord CAMPBELL.-When Palmer, Mr. Bamford, and myself held the consultation on the landing on the Tuesday night, nothing was said about the spasms of the night. before. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant Siug.-I am a regular medical practitioner, and havefor15yearspractisedmedicine as a means of gaining a living. I am a licentiate of the Apothecanies Company, and have endeavoured, both as a young man and since, to qualify myself for my profession. When I saw Cook his thrat was slightly ulcerated, but he could swallow very well, although with a little pain. I know that he bad applied caustic to has tongue, but he had ceased to do so for two months. He did not after that continue to complain of pain in his throat or tongue. I saw him frequently during the races, and never heard him express any apprehension about spots which appeared upon his body, although he did express apprehensions of secondary symptoms resulting from syphilbs. I am not aware that at the tine he died hewas auffering from the venereal disease, but I know that he had it about a twelvemonth ago. He had been reduced in circumstances some time before he died, but he was redeeming them. I do not know that he was frequently in want of small sums of money. I believe that he owned a mare in conjunction with Palmer named Pyrrhine, which was under the care of Sandars, the trainer. The race which Polestar won was a matter of very great importance to the deceased. He was much excited at the race, and more particularly so after it. Deceased was a very temperate man and did not exceed in wine on the evening of the race. The next I heard of him was through the letter from Palmer. Palmer knew perfectly well who I was, and that I was in practice as a urgeon at Lutterworth. When I saw deceased he objected to take morphia pills, because they had made him ill the night before. He did not say that Dr. Savage had forbidden him to take the morphia, but he said that he had been directed not to take mercury or opium. The effect of morphia would be to soothe and to cause slight constipation. When lsaw him and heroused up alittle, he said " Palmer, give me theremedy you gave melast night." I rubbed the deceased's neck for about five minutes. He died very quietly. I had seen cases of tetanus before. I think r mentioned tetanus at the inquest. I am sure, if you refer to my depositions, youwfilfind that I mentioned tetanus and convulsi6ns both. (The depositiens were referred to, and there was no mention of tetanus in them.) Witness continued, however, "I am sure that 1 mentioned tetanus." The ATT0orNEY-GN7ERAs.-I must set this right. I have here the original deposition, and I find that the matter stands thus:-"There were strong symptoms of"-then there is the word "compression" struck out; and then there is the word " tetinus" also struk out-it is evident that the clerk did not know the meaning of what he was writingand then the words "violent convulsions" are added; so that the sentence stands, " There were strong symptoms of violent convulsions." By Mr. Serjeant SHEE.-I also said before the coroner that I could not tell the cause of death, and that I imagined at the time that it was from over-excitement. The LoRD CrrF JusrcE said, that the learned counsel must not read detached portions of the depositions-the whole must be read. (The depsitions were accordmgly read by the Clerk of the Arrai;nf n. d Cross-examination continued,-I do not recollect that I ever said that deceased died of epilepsy. Dr. Bamford said that he died in an apoplectic fi':, and I said that I thought he did not. I said that it was more like an epileptic than an apoplectic fit. I do not know Mi. Pratt, but I took a letter from him to Cook. Cook did not open it, but said, "I know the contents of it-let it be till to-morrow morning." I have seen Palmer's racing establishment at Rugeley. I saw a number of mares in foal, and others in the paddock, and some very valuable horses. The stables were good, and the establishment appeared to be a large and expensive one. Re-examined by the ATTonR -GnNEarA.-I am not a good judge of the value of racing horses, but I understaud other horses very welL I have only seen one case of tetanus, and that case resulted from a wound. The patient in that case lasted three days before death ensued. I am satisfied that the death of Mr. Cook did not arise from enilepsv. In epilepsy consciousness is lost, but there is no rigiaity or convulsive spasm of the muscles. The symptoms are quite different. lamequally certain that death was notthe result of apoplexy. Lavinia Barnes was recalled at the instance of Mr. Serjeant Ssnx, and, in answer to the learned Serjeant, she said,-On Monday morning Mr. Cook said to me that he had been very ill on Sunday night, just before 12 o'clock, and that he had rung the beU for some one to come to him; but he thought that they had all gone to bed. Elizabeth Mllfs, recalled by the ATrTomiEy-GmXN.rsAx, and examined on the same peint.-I remember on Monday morning asking M r. Cook how he was, and he said that he had been diturbed in the night, adding, " I was just mad for two minutes." I said, "Why did you not ring the bell ?' and he replied, " I thought you would be all fast asleep, and would not hear me. The illness passed awsay, and I managed to get over it writhoult."' He also said that he thought he had been distutrbed by the noise of a quarrel in the street. Dr. Henry Savage, physician, of 7,. Glocester-place, examined by the AT rosiNy-GmuNAL.-I knew John Parsons Cook. He had been in the habit of consulting me professionally during the last four years. He was a man, not of robust constitution; but his general health was good. qo came to me in May, 1855,abut I saw him about November of the year before, and early in the spring of 1855. In the spring of 1855 the old affair-indigestionwas one cause of his visiting me, and he had some spots upon his body, about which he was uneasy. He had so two shalow ulcers on his tongue, which corresponded with two bad teeth. He said that ho had boen under a mild mercurial oourse, and he imagined that those spots were syphilitic, I thought they were not, and I recommended the discontinuance of mercury. I gave him quinine as a torni, and an aperient composed of cream of tartar, magnesia, and sulphur. I never at any time gave him antimony. Under the treatment which I 2prescribed the sores gradually disappeared, and they were quite well by the end of May. Isawhiim, however, frequently in June, as he still felt some little anxiety about the accuracy of my opinion. If anylittle spotmade its appearance he came to me, and I also was anxious on the subject, as my opinion differed from that of another medical man in London. Every time he came to me I examined him carefully. There were no indications of a syph;'utic character about the sores, and there was no uception of the throat, but one of the tonsils was sligtly elarged and tender. Isaw him last alive, and careg examned him, either on the 3d or 5th of November. 'here was in my judgment no veneral taint about him at the time. Cross.examnined, by Mr. Serjeant SnxE.-I do not think that the dceased was fond of taking mercury before I ad isedhiiLagainstit; buthewastimidonthe subject of 11.1 throat, and was apt to take the advice of any one. T'J, T doml; think that he would take quack medicines. I think he wras so foolish as that. Charles Newton;called and examinedhy Mr. TAX9, Q.C -Ian assistant to Mr. Salt, a surgeon atRugIo,l. I know the prisoner, William Palmer. I remember )'onday, the 19th Of lZovember. -I saw Palmer. that tYquIng at Mr. Salt's Surgery, about 9 o'clock. I wa5 2lcne when he came there. He asked me for three grhu tr strychuine, and I weighed it accurately and gave it to him, enclosed in ap ee of paper He said nothing further, but "Good night," and took it away with him. Iknew him to be a medical man and gave it him-made no charge for it. The whole transaction did not occupy more than two or three minute I agaia saw Palmer on the following day, between U anda 2 o'clocl He was then at the shop of Mr. Hawkins, a druggist. He asked mse how I was, and put his hand upon my shoulder and said he wished to spealk with me. Accordingly I went out into the street with him, and he then aslked me when Mr. Edwin Salt waS going to his farm. The farm in question was at a place about 14 miles distant from Rugeley. Palmer had nothing whatever to do 'with that farm; bat Mr. Salt's going there was a rumour of the town. While we were talking a Mr. Brassington came up and spoke to me, and during our conversation Palmer went into Hawkins' shop again. Palmer came out of the shop a second time, while I was still talking to Brassington. I am not sure whether Palmer spoke to me at that time; but he went past me in the direction of his own house, which is about 200 yards from Hawkins'. I then went ito Hawknss shop, whereIsawRoberts, Mr. Hawkins's appren. sice, and I had some conversation with him about Palmer. I knew a man named Thirlby, who had been an assistant and a nartner of Palmer. Palmer usually dealt with Thirlbj for his drugs- in fact, Tnirlby dispensed Palmer's medicine. On Sunday, the 25th of November, about 7 o'clock in the evening, I was sent for and went to Palmer's house. I found Palmer, when I got there, in his kitchen. He was sitting by the fire reading. He asked me how I was, and to have some brandyand-water. No one else was present. He asked me what was the dose of strychnine to give to kil a dog ? I told him a grain. He asked me what would be the appearance of the stomach after death? Itold him that there would be no inflammation, and that I did not think it could be found. Upon that he snapped his finger and thumb in quiet way, and exclaimed, as if communing with himself, "That's all right." (Sensation.) Ee made some other remarks of a commonplace character, which I do not recollect. I was with him altogether about five minutes. On the following day-Monday, the 26th of November-I heard that a post mortem examination was to take place. I went to Dr. B3arford's house, intending to accompany him to the post mo-terne, and I found Palmer there in the study. That was about 10 o'clock in the day. Palmer asked me what I wanted ? I told him that I had come to attend the post mortemn. He asked whether I thought Mr. Salt was gomg; and I replied that he was engaged and could not go. I took the necessary instruments with me, and went down to the Talbot Arms. Dr. Harland, and Mr. Frere, a surgeon, practising at Eugeley, were both there. They went away, however, for a short time, and left Palmer and me together in the entrance to the haU at the Talbot Arms. Hespoketome. Hesaid-"Itwillbeadirtyjob; I wvll go and have some brandy." I went with him to his house, which was just opposite. He gave me two wineglasses of neat brandy, and he took the same quantity himself. He said-" You'll find this fellow snffering from a diseased throat-he has had syphilis, and has taken a great deal of mercury." I afterwards went over with Palmer to the post -orte2, and found the other doctors there. During the post mortem Palmer stood near to Dr. Bamford, against the fire. I was e.xamined before the coroner, and dld not state before that functionary that I had given Palmer three grains of strchinine on the night of the 19th of Nlovember. 'lhe first per-on that I told of it was Cheshire, the postmaster. Mr. Serjeant S objected to anything that this witness had said to Cheshire being admitted as evidence against the prisoner. ThO COURT ruled in favour of the objection. Cross-examined by AIr. GROVE, Q.C.-It might have been a week or two or three days after I gave Palmer the strychune that I first mentioned the occurrence to any one. I thinklI may undertake to say that it was not a fortnight afterwards. Snbse9uently to the inquest I was examined for thepurpose of gving evidence on the parb of the Crown. I cannot say how long after the inquest that was. When I was first examined on behalf of the Crown I did not mention the three grains of strychnine, but I did mention the conversation about the poisoning of the dog. That was not the first time that I had mentioned that conversation; for I had mentioned it before to Mr. Salt; but I cannot tell how long before. I was examined twice for the purpose of the proution by the Crown. I did not mention Cook's suffering fin sore throat at the inquest, but I did mention the conversation which took place at Hawkins's shop. At that time I knew it had been alleged that Palmer had purchased strychnine at Hawidnss, and I presumed that my evidence was required with reference to that point. I first stated on Tuesday last, for the purposes of this prosecution, the fact of my having given Palmer three grains of strychnine. I cannot. ay whether in that examination I said that Palmer said, " You will find-this ' poor ' fellow suffering from a diseased throat." I don't know whether I said "poor fellow" or"rich fellowv." Do you not kInow that there is a difference in the expression "fellow" and "poor fellow."-I know that there is a difference between poor and rich. It is impossible to recolleet all that I said upon every occasion. Re-examined by the ATToiaNv-GnRa4n.-I did not mention the circumstance of myhavinggiventhestrychnine to Palmer, because Mr. Salt, my employer, and Palmer were not friends, and I thought it would displease Mir. Salt if he knew that I had let Palmer have anything. I first mentioned it to Boycott, the clerk of Mr. Gardner, the solicitor, at the Rugeley station, where I and a number of other witnesses were assembled for the purpose of comin to 10ndon. As soon as I arrived in London Boycott took me to Mr. Gardner's. I communicated to him what I had to say; and I was then taken to the Solicitor of the Treasury, and I made the same statement to him. Mr. Serjeant STEE.-Have you not given another reason for not mentioning the occurrence about the three grains of strychnine before-that reason being that you were afraid you could be indicted for perjury7-No, I did not give that as a reason, but I stated to a gentleman that a young man at Wolverhampton had been threatened to be indicted for perjury by George Palmer because he had said at the inquest upon Walter Palmer that he had sold the prisoner prussic acid, and he had not entered it in the book and could not prove it. I stated at the same timethat George Palmer said he could be transported for it. I did not enter the gift of the three grains of strychnine from Mr. Salt's surgery in a book. The inquest upon Walter Palmer did not take place till five or six weeks after the inquest upon The COURT then adjourned at 25 minutes past 6 o'clock until 10 o'clock this day, thejury being conducted, as on the previous evening, to the London Coffeehouse in charge of the offcers of the Court.
UNIYZFEITY IKTELlIGEYC:. OXFORD. NI-Y 15 In a Convocation held this' day at 2 o'clock, a decree for increasing the stipend of the gardener at the Botanical Garden, as a compensation for loss of fees, was submitted and approved. In a Congregation held immediately afterwards, the statutes for the regulation of the Bodleian Library, and for altering the time at which the names of candidatea for the final exaraination are to be given in to the proctors, were accepted without opposition. The Bedel statute was opposed, but was carried by 46 votes to 29. A new statute on the subject of the Regius Professorship of Civil Law was then promulgated. Dr. Pusey explained the object of the statute on behalf of the Council. Dr. Tristram, of Lincoln, opposed it, and put in two amendments-one for omitting the requirement of definite duties on the part of the professor, and the other for deferring the consideration of the clause sabjecting him to the general statute on professors, as soon as he shall be provided cwith a proper salary. He regarded this PrOposition as ilegal, and as academically unconstitutional. The Master of University (Dr. Plumptre) also opposed the statute, and wished for the omission of the last c use. The Master of Pembrok-e (Dr. Jerne) replied to the attacks made, bat admitted that the propriety of the last clause was questionable. The Master of Balliol (Dr. Scott) spoke in favour of the residence of the professor. Dr. Pusey replied on the general merits and the discussion closed. In a Congregation to be held on Thursday, the 22d inst., a form of statute will be promulgated on the general sabject of Delegacies. It is proposed to add to the number of standing Delegacies two fresh ones, under the names of " Delegati Classici" and " Delegati Mathematici," and to commit to them the duty of appointing Examiners anfd Moderators. The Delegates are in each case to be the Vice-Chancellor, the two Protors, and four persons elected by Conation, two of whom must be Professors,,and twvonotl o ossors. -E ew arrangements are also made eonerning7 the old stand- ing Delegacies. The ordinary apEzointmen ofDelegates is stl reserved to the Proctors,.ponmn fDlgtsi The Vice-Chancellor has given notice that the Tea_her of Ttalian in the Taylor Institutian will be in attendance at the Taylor builcmngfromlto 2c.clockeachMondayandWed- esday for the rest of theterm4toaffordsuch information,in reference to the Italian languge, as maay be desired by those gentlemen who intend to iginu the classes which will be formed for the study of it n ext terma.
NAvAL AD M mLTxRY AccoNxT-Copies of reports and Treasury mi:mtes relative to the audit of naval and military accotnts. have been lai before Parliament, on the mnotion of tl; Chancelloz of the Exchequer. In, Febraary, 1840, a co;amittee waaappointed by the ' Ieassy. to inquire into thco system of account and audit at. the. War-office, and the commiXtte recoermended tha?.i the. War-office. accouims should beT kept npon the sysiem. of double entry, a",dthat the aunual agoount for Pa-liua"ent,. should be examined, As to the apyroprikaio, ofaccounts, by thtA-udit DooL ATreasurynnnut sanptior the carrying o;at of thisrecomneniation. Ai burth - reg Df the comaittee prwosed th&t the Ordnauce e6sj!*a should be remodelled and classes in coufor ity wi% Thu axrangement adopted iin the arwy and, navy estimatis, and suggested that unliarmity in the painciple of eimating for the annual chages of tTle thfee departments should be established. After some inqury tho Treas, in January, 1846, issued a minute, directing the three departments in question to adopt one uniform system of estimatingthemone-fs- required for the annual serviceof those department%, and laying down specific rules as to the formnation of tb; estimates, the exceeding of grants, the pre partion and .udit of the accounts for the Treasuny and for ?arlmanent., ana the surrender of unappropriated alancoL Ofthde,r 'C ies were afterwards issued, regulating atters ?isX OBmus Movxirmr.-The London GenerAl Oumnibus Comuany on Monday started on the Eingslandsate and Bank and New North-road and Bank lines omnituses constructed by gor. Menzies, of Glasgow, after the model of those used in that city. Thevehicles are arranged for carring 19 inside and 20 outide passengers. They have fced glass sides the whole length, are high enough for a taman to walk upright inside of them, and are wiae enough to admit of persons passing freely up the cen'To 'without pushing against thekieesof those seated. A. boll from the conductor to the drnver servevs as a signal, to pro. coed, and a powerful break is used to cheek the .peea in de scending hills or suiddenly pulling up. The omaibuses sro drawn by three horses abrmt.-nTr-cj;
AMERICA. go UmAlAAEONS, MaYr15. By the United States' mail steamship Apgo, Captain Lines, which arrived off Cowes this ,min I with the French and English mails, eb r2odC fre- IN ew York to Havre, we have dater to the 3dimt, The Arago brings 12 passengers for Ekngland, 2X for Havre, and on freight $800,000 in specie, $200,000 of which is for London, and 1,500 barrels of flour. On the 3d inst. the Arago passed the Bremen ship Eberhardt, and on the same day, 60 miles east of Sandy Hook, passed a large steamer, bound west, supposed to be the propeller Edinburgh, from Glasgow for New York. May 4, in lat. 40 25, long. 7 0 25, exchanged signals with the slip Napoleon, one of the Black Ball line of Liverpool packets, bound west; May 8, in lat. 4225, long. 48, passed a large steamer standing west, supposed to be the Atlantic, from Liverpool for New York; MIay 9, in lat. 44 25, long. 41, exchangaed signals with the En-alish ships Ivy and Cowasjee Family, both standing west; on the same day, in lat. 44 40, long. 40, exchanged signals with a ship, having Howe's ig, showing a blueflag, with what appeared to be a white diamond in the centre: May 10, in lat. 46, long. 34 30, exchanged signais with a Bremen ship showing a white fiag under her ensign, with what auppeared to be the figure "4" in the centre; May 11, in lat. 47 35, long. 27 25, exchanged signals with the American ship :emisphere, bound west. The American journals publish additional particulars from Nicaragua in reference to an engagement at Santa Rosa, at which Colonel Schlessinger's command wasterribly cut up. The battle isdescribed as "the most disgraceful contest connected with the American name, or known in the history of arms upon that continent." Schlessinger, while preparing to refresh his troops, was surprised by a body of between 400 and 500 Costa Ricans, who with three or four volleys threw him into utter confusion and drove him from the field, he in person leading the retreat. Letters from Nicaragua state that the country which General Walker was struggling for was likely to prove as rich as California itself. Central American affairs were absorbing the attention of the Senate at Washington. 3:r. Weller offered a resolution calling on the President for al correspondence regarding the recognition of the new ('ovemment of Nicaragua. As a resolution having a similar object had been previously offered, the proposition was withdrawn, after some remarks from Mr. Weller and Judge Douglas, in which the conduct of the Administration was severely censured. Mr. Weller said that no man had been more shamefully misrepresented than General Walker. He was not a freebooter, buta man of the purest mo,ives. With regard to the outrages at Panama, it; wtas said that prompt measures would be taken to obtain indenmity for the past and security for the! fututre. A series of conflagrations had occurred in Philadelphia, destroying between 40 and 50 building anlt their contents, of the value of at least two millions of dollars. Three lives were lost, two of them occasioned by design and the third by accident, and several others were seriously injured. The steamship Tennessee arrived on the Ist inst..at New York from South America and the V est Indies. Dates from Venezuela are to the 19th ult. The Dutch question had been settlee. peaceably. Congress was in session, and the country was perfectly tranquil. A line of telegraph would soon connect La Guayra with Caraccas. Advices from Port-au-Prince and St. Domingo. city state that the Emperor in engaging in the late contest depended too much on the interested representations of disaffected Dominicans ; biut, although defeated, he was not disposed to listen to dictatiom from a foreign Power as to his future action in the affairs of his Government. It was suspected that the interest shown by the English and French officials towards Faustin I. proceeded solely froim jealousy of the progress and influence of the Unite. States, both in the Congress and Cabinet. The Domimiean authorities had ratified a treaty with the United States. It is identical with the one negatiated by General Cazeneau. President MIota had, proclaimed death to all outlaws or Filibusters lancling on the island. The decree is mainly directed against ex;-President Bacz, as it -was reported that hle was encouraged by France, Eng,land, and Spain to attempt a revolutionary demonstration from St. Thomas's. Intelligence from Havannah reports the ariai of the United States' steamer Waterwitch on the24th ult., which vessel had been engaged in surveyig and exploring the river La Plata and its tribuMares. The Waterwitch has been on this service three years and three months. The first imnportation of China goods that evearrived at New York by express across the Isthmnus. i eached that port on the 30}th ult., consisting of- 43, rases of silk goods from Canton, vid San Francisco. and the Isthmns of Panama. The forthcoming Presidential election continue& to cause great excitement at Washinston. In the New York- money-markbt foreign eschanges continued scarce, but, the demand forethet steamer being limited, no further rise of the rates. was established, and most bankers were drawing: sterling at 109 The quotation for bankers' bills. .i. uu uays signt on lofULon was 1JI to UO. fls, 5f. 164c. to 5f. 15c.; Antwerp, 5.71. to 5,16j,;; Amsterlam, 411 to 41X; Hamburg, 3G to. 3G; Bremen, 79; Frankfort, 411 to 41i. ThesSto;market was much depressed, and, with a general desire to realize, prices had further declined! The cotton-market was quiet, and sales were limited tosome 500 or 600 bales, the market closing. dull but without quotable change in prices. Flour continued Erm, with rather more doing. A sale of. Southern white wheat was made at $1 73, and of-Michigan ditto at $1 60c. Rye sold at 76c. for - Northern. Pork was dull and easier, with small sales.. of- mesa. at $18, at which the market elosed dulli. Corn was easier. Damaged, for distilling, sold at-S5c. to 56c.;., and good sound vellow and white at 61e. to .62Re. Sugars were tolerably active, with ales-ofz 1, to 1,200 hogsheads. The chief sale ci;coffee (1,800), bags of Rio) was made at auction. Freights-.to Iiverpool were firmer, with more daing.
CITY POLICE COU" .' TO TEE IEDITOE OF T'rTh[E:S. Sir,-The statements contained in- the lotter of. Mt. Bennochiu The Times of this day z3* calculated gpetlyto mislead the public. If Mr. Benmcchl had read alk thestatements made before the commismers he wouvj4jh%ve asoertai;ed,atpeges555and 556 of tl 3printed reponb,by tim. statement of the personsbestacqunPWwith the faeto,.that. " the gross wmount of expenditure.;Sr the salar - of * thpe four clorks at the Mansion-house, tko officers and 5b gaoler, the stationery and the printing, cpals, candles, iecisienta1, expenses for -witnesses whes*pazties are n,t co2T. mitted for trii, and miscelluvus expenses, is ,;73S1:;' and thai the expenses at. Lhe. Gnildhall jWico-roocx were ";bout 150. les3 than, thXan&ion- .h'5, 2n14i, togetbea3S26., insted of 5.'?I% 12. Id., as stAte4 byY .^ Bennocb1a Italsoappears.-mr thereport tit'thg,r2 two offlts of the name 4.- 1resterwho. Pttena at. i e Yrsioealhmse, who are, nqt. immediately,nnunected, '-ith tie J,sioe-room;they.;rceivt together noutX.3001. The marb3ls who attend tq. LDrd Mayor- aie. staW e,itocrs appointoe by the Co4eawa Council, ae4, 349t, bF the Court of Aldermen, w ithw have notpivg.- te. dp. vih the J,TIdQoeroomn" In e.rt printed by crder. ofrt ese of C -mons, on the :Il on.arch, 154, c-thwe ezp of the 'P6lice courts o tbl.rSIropolis," it iper..tl1A *ibere are 11 Govermnent Beli urso, and thct t1j,"t15J3em pai& by the receivn4pr tbe police court6s; tl e 1853 w&as 43,0501. 83. Ws&baeig4,0931 9s. 104, forer.cj".urt. In the event of twe pvYment police cc,rtbeigj*,walished iD., the city of i!ndAnein lieu of therglice.cm4tsvxow held b;r the Lord XyP,seid ldermen. thi ltaon-house a-S Guildhhith zWnual expense-w,uTbo o4, o hUt caiculatir4j 8,1901. lf- S1. per annum, n4k'wca'a increase of 4,8OiiiJK gpe uo.-h $-39 now i by tp, coxporation of Iandr. o4t e4 their o-Am f. for th0benrAof thei1citiz1 whi si u of 8,190l.3?qL 8(L *fOR c UbT0ed magistracY 7erh%t in sw way or other !b pro- aided fa. Mr.Ben oc,isw.U cquainted ij& tha na.tw und extent d tbn e rial busin iu tbe Ma"aion-house and dhL stoe rooms. Fr n per£OVbl knowledge a-1: e,perieree, I am satisEed tbe mnagisteral business of Ike city zind not becarriA oa by the linmted numbet. a isres nd clerks whg hae Rug. gested. I a r most obedieat aent, GEORGE MARTZIR, Chief CIerk, ----AL %luiT.ce-roora, may Ilk. ITIBERTY OF TE PRESS iN SPAIK.-The Novac& S2;Fs that there are not fewer than ten editors of Madrid ppers now confined in the gaol of tbe Saladero, A*d that tideos thern fresae n h Cmber oes .thers iderloing ordemnations in fortresse The Corkfo in the bill dcr -the pres has decided that wiriters shUaU be compelled i sia n M ei articles, and shall be luihle to imprisonment as vwe L,- tie, for those of a sediUous character. The Claliio7 jr 6 ica and the E,poca vehemently denounce thc Utter nachtmeut. as dea9trqge of all true liberty of thp pFEm,
THE BRITISH ARMY. tThe foUowing appeared ln our second edition of yes- LFEOX OuR. SPECrAL COnPBSPOKDzIT).) VA NLL- BSOJ.UM EEBASTOPOL, bLLY 3. a; nu per-oa or my acquaintance with the British army have I ever known the officers to be in such a state of profound dissatisfaction as they are at preseat. The indecent haste with which the reductions were annoumced, the injustice of the order relating tohorses, andthe mode in which the iinstructions have been conveyed to them, rankle in their hearts. Nothing else is talled of, or apparently thought of, by all cLuses of officers. The ink is not dry on the Treaty, the news of its ratification is not received, and yet the army is at once made the victim of the maost pinching, niggardly, cold economy. They are, as it were, told that their day is over,that their services are of so little consequence that the authorities can afford to disregard their feelings. If the smallest conceivable portion of the good wishes uttered for the temporal and eternal happiness of " they" should ever be realized, I cannot well imagine more miserable beings than " they" will be. In the army it is always " they." "Have you seen the general orders?" "No. Is there anything in them?" "Yes; 'they' have made Jones-, and 'they' are going to send home the supernumeraries at once," and so on. Some of the reductions are of course unavoidable, but the cases of individual hardship and ingratitude are not the less striking and painful. Y-While the struggle was still going on nothing was too good for tl.e army-the coiuntry felt for its sufferings and admired its calm endurance. From the highest to the lowest in the land there was but one sentiment and one expression of feeling. The Government, at first supine and supercilious, became energetic and sympathizing. One does not know whether the admiration of the country for the army after the Alina and Inkernann, or its effervescence- of pity, sorrow, and aid wheni made aware of the condition of its countrymen, was the stronger or more touching and genuine. The country cannot bv in the least degree aware of the indignation, the bitter resentment, and the sense of injury which a few words have caused .among those she has praised and honoured. The officers of the Line, the Com1i1.ssariat, the Chaplains, the Land Transport Corps, Brevet-Majors, ex-Staff Officers,-one and all utter the same complaints. Scarcely was the intelligence of peace known before the private soldiers were deprived of their extra Gd. a-day. There was no respite even to the end of the month, or of the week. Then come the Colonels actingas Brigadiers,who are sentback to their regiments without a single word to comfort them. There are only three Colonels of regiments out here who have served with their regiments from the beg,inning of the war,-namely, Colonel Adams, C.B., 23th Regiment; Colonel W. O'Grady Haly, C.B., 41th Regiment; and Colonel Waddy, (J.B., 5G,th Regiment. The first two receive rewards for distinguished services, and all three are Commanders of the Bath. Colonel Adams has been in command o! a brigade, but he is now sent back to his regimaent. Is it intended to send all the Brigadiers back to their regiments in the same way? It would appear so, inasmuch as Brigadier TroUlope has already received orders to rejoin the G9-d Regiment as Colonel. Theservicesof some of these officerswouldseemtomerit better treatment, and even a little show of regret for the necessity of acting so economically might have reeonciled men to the exigencies of their position. In the lower grades of the service the action of the reduction has been most unjust. Anumberof most deserving non-commissioned officers-sergeantsmajor, troop-sergeants, &c.-have received commissions as Cornets in the Land Transport Corps; {hey- have associated witb commissioned offlcers, and lave been put to expense in preparing for their ranlk. These men are to be " degraded" to the ranks. iBut that is not all. The vacancies caused l.y their promotion were filled up by the senior sergeants, who became sergeants-major and troop-sergeants, &c., and these men are pushed back to the rank they formerly held, and are deprived of their just promotion. Individual cases of this kind, of which I am aware, are really painful in their details. As to the horse question, it is diflicult to saywhether it is most irritating to the army or injurious to the public interests. WVe shall absoluitely leave behind us, if the present absturd regulations are persisted in, mnany tlhousand mules and horses for the use of the Russians. lW'hy, in Heaven's name, not rather give them to our old allies, the Turks, most of whose country horses in Bulgaria and the slhores of Asia Minor we have bought up, so that the inhabitants are seriously inconvenienced for want of them? The Ru issians already know our difficulties; they laughingly tell us that they are going to mount a few regiments of Cossacks on our horses at 10s. a-head, and say they will give a pound for a good hunter. No doubt these animals will be paraded all over Russia as trophies, and wiU be exhibited as signal evidences of the straits to which the British nraiy was reduced, so that it was obliged to leave iti horses behind it! Now, remember that it was only a few weeks ago the officers of this army vere strictly "ordered" to provide themselves forthwith with the regulation number of bat animals, &c., and then the harshness of this new regulation is the more apparent. The country cannot wish, for the sake of a few thousand pounds, to create discontent in the whole army. The officers say "It is fairenoughforthemto say 'they' won'ttake ourhorses, but it is very unfairto saytheywillgive us no compensation." As to Lord Panmure's assertion respecting the cost of transport being 471. or 671. per animal, it has excited the liveliest merriment among the shipovners and captains out here, and the officers who know anything about it. The principal events since my last letter will be found detailed below, but there is very little of incident to record. It will be seen by reference to general orders that a considerable number of regiments have received orders-some for Gibraltar, and others for Malta. The French embarcation continues vigorously, and we have succeeded in getting two regiments away. General Windham has been for some time back at Kertch. MIajor Staunton, R.E., Ias left Bal;aklava, and it is supposed that he is engaged on the Russo-Turkish boundary question. Wx EzSDnAY. The orders last night inform us that the Russian authorities have promised to preserve scrupulously the burial-places of our departed soldiers. The graveyards are now well defined, and they have been decorated with great care by the offices and men, with whom indeed it appears to be a labour of love to raise fitting monuments to their dead. comrades. The bodies of the offlcers of the Ouards who fell at Inkermann have been dug up, tnd were removed some time ago to Catheart's-hill. The burial-ground of the Light Division, and partieuilarly of the 77th Regiment, is very creditable to the taste and good feeling of the army. In conmexion with this subject, I may ask you to insert the following notice, which was drawn up at a meet;ag of the chaplains of the army, held at the Rev. ,IL. Egan's quarters last Saturday ")IMEMORIAL CHURtCH at COYsTANTTNOPLE. "It has been determined, with the approval and support of the Archbishop of Canterbury, to erect a church at ConsItaatinople for the perpetual worship of Almighty Go", as the fittest monument to commemorate tho officers and soldiers of tho British army who have been lost to us during the late campaign. - "This measurze which has been undertal-en for the espacial benefit of our own countrymen, while affording a witness of the true faith to the 3Mahomedan, wsill also preseu' to every other race and communion an example of the anner in which the pure doctrines of Christianity are tau,ght by the Reformed Church of Engiand. "- It is proposed to have the names of ail the office%s, and tbeir several regiments, with the number of mea who have nobly died in the fulfilment of their duty, inscribed in some conspicuous place in the church. " A subscription list has been opened in support of this project, and to those who have survived the dangers of the late war it will afford a fitting opportunity to make a thankoffering to Almighty God, and at the same time to exhibit a sympathy with surviving relatives, and an affectionate remembrance of fallen friends and comrades. " Sabscriptions will be received by the Itevs. the Chaplains of Divigions and Brigades; by the Treasurer, F. S. Carpenter, Esq., Assistant-Commissary-General, Balaklava ; by Sir John Kirkland, army agent, S9, Pall-mail, London ; and by the Rev. Henry W. M. Egan, N.A., Principal Chaplain, Head-quarters." I omitted to mention the death of the Rev. MrStrickland,RomanCatholic chaplain, who diedof fever caug,htintheFrench hospitals, where hewas discharg.- ing his duties with his usual zeal and devotion. His remains lie on Cathcart's-hill, and his funeral was attended by a great number of officers, without any distinction of creed. The health of our troops, in spite of some cases of scurvy, is excellent, and the French are in a much better condition than they were. They are shifting their camps towards Kamiesch, and the plateau of Inkermann is nearly bare. THunsnry. The horse fair, heldyesterdayat MIackenzie's Farm, has proved a most utter failure. The Russians are so sure of being able to provide themselves with horses for next to nothing, that they are in no hurry to bid till the time of departure draws nigh, and the screw is put upon the English. Some hundreds of officers went up yesterday to the fair, and there was a considerable attendance of Russian officers on the ground, but they came to look, and'not to buy. Their largest offers ranged from 41. to 61. In one instance, however, 401. was given for a fine English mare. Horses and ponies were at a ruinous discount. Some mules and bat animals were sold for 5s. and lOs. a-piece. Some had cost probably 50, and others 100 times as much. I klnow of three mules being sold for 7s. Gd., and have heard that 14 mules were sold for 1l. Our officers were greatly annoyed at the offers which were made to them. In one instance, a gentleman had sent up his horse in charge of his servant, w^ith a card, marked in French, "6 The price of this horse is 501." A Russian officer took the card, scratched out the 0, and coolly offered five imperials for the animal. They told us they never paid more than 100 roubles for their best chargers,and that all they wanted were English staUions and mares for breeding. 'What is to be done with the ponies, extra chargers, and bat animals no one knows, unless private speculators do something for the army. Several attempts have been made to enter into contracts, but the merchants naturaUy desire that some one should be responsible before they send up vessels, and individual officers have an equally natural aversion to becoming liable for such large amounts as would be involved in the undertaking. For the information of Lord Paumure, however, it may be observed that the agent of a very large shipowner says he will undertake to carry horses to England at 201. a-head in steamers, and at 15!. a-head in sailing-vessels! IMfany of the animals out here in the Land Transport Corps could not be replaced in England umder 401. or 501., so that it would be worth the expense to send them home, if there is any need for them. There is some faint talk about regiments being marched in England from station to station, instead of being carried by rail. The change will not be carried out. The stores, materials, carts and waggons of three complete divisions or battalions-I don't know whichof the Land Transport Corps, are packed up and in readiness to be sent to Canada. No men, mules, or horses will be sent with this matMriel, except a few persons to take charge of it. From the Crimea to Canada is a long stretch, but an army provided with fast and powerful steamers thinks very little of the distance, and those regiments which are under orders for the latter station are delighted with the prospect of escaping Malta or the West Indies, and of enjoying the hospitality and sporting recreations of that country, in a fine climate and amid kind friends after the trials and rude existence of war. Colonel M''Murdo is going or has gone to Sinope in the Napoleon, to superintend the breaking up of the establishment of theLandTransport Corps, which has existed there for some time. The sawmill erected there has been very useful, although it was sent out "too late," and there is a large accumulation of fine planks there. Colonel M'Murdo has made some tolerably successful efforts to open a market in the neighbourhood of Sinope for the sale of cart mules, and hopes to be able to get rid of a good number of them at los. a-piece. Considering that they cost 301. or 401., that is not an extravagant sum. In one transaction 3,0001. was cleared in Asia Mlinor for animals, most of which were not in a fit condition to work. The process of populating the Valley of Baidar by mules, viae Tartars retired, is being Carried out with vigour. Day after daystrings of the mangy, the maimed, the halt, the blind, the farcied, the spavined, the curbed, are to be seen on their way to these grassy valleys, where they are turnedloosetoseek their fortune. Manyof them,however, die upon the way, and never reach 'the placeThere is also a committee of inspection busily engaged in inspecting and weeding the artillery. They have " cast' most of the mules, and all the Spanish horses. The latter were dear bargains; they cost, perhaps, all round, carriage and all, 601. or 701. each, and the country will never get as many shillings for them. The French officers have received compensation for their pack animals and horses. It is particularly hard on our officers to be refused any compensation, when it is considered that during the terrible winter of 1854 they generously gave up their horses for the use of their regiments, and worked them to death in the service, so that they were put to the expense of providing themselves With others. It was as late as February last that officers were again ordered to provide themselves with the full regulation number of Mat animals. The first two English regiments have left the Crimea. Her Mlajesty's 9th Foot, Colonel Borton, and one company of thel7th, embarked in the Resolute, and the 39th Foot embarked in the Simoom at 11 o'clock this morning, aud sailed from Bala lava in the course of the afternoon. The emnbarcation was effected with great order and regularity, and the men and horses were on board in 40 minutes. The baggage had, however, been sent down the previous day, and ravher astonished the naval officers by its bulk and exceeding variety. The two regiments are in excellent health and spirits. FRIDAY. Of all the painful and pitiable sights which have' been presented to me in the course of the war which is past, there was not one which was so affecting as that of tho Tartar Exodus and their flight out of the Crimea. Whether they are animated, as they say, by the dread of their Russian taskmasters, or by their desire to improve their condition, the motive must be powerful which can drive a whole race from their homes. They leave those peaceful and beautiful vaRleys for ever, and flock into Balak;lava with all their goods, in the hope of obtaining the means of escape. On Thursday the whole population in the valleys outside the Russian lines began their mournful procession. They left their homes silently. The old men, women, and children were placed on the arabas, above the pile of cushions which seem .to constitute all their household furniture; Many of them cried bitterly. Several of these poor pilgrims were so exhausted from illness or old age that there was little chance of their ever seeing the land they seek to gain. Each araba was drawn by two small bullocks or oxen, led by. 'the. head of the family; the elder children kept by; his side or followed on foot. The women, closely veiled, in spite of their grief, looked around with wonder at the marvels wliich Balaklava presented, and were for a time beguiled from thoughts of their abandoned dwellings inBiojik, Miskomia, Varnutka, Baidar, IJpu, Ozembash, or Tchulin; but as the sea opened upon them, and they found themselves among strangers, the sense of their position came back to them with redoubled force, and they seemed lost in despair. The procesmion which I saw was about a mile in length, and was formed of arabas in single file, as close to each other as they could pack. The head of the train was drawn up by the water's edge in the harbour, and the extremity extended far beyond the limits of the town. I am informed that there was a large encampment of the same poor creatures near Kaamara last night, and that they would make their way into Balaklava as soon as their predecessors had cleared away. I also saw several families who had taken refuge in the camp of the head-quarters of the Land Transport Corps last night. As there were no houses for their reception, men, women, and children slept in the streets of Balaklava under their arabas. In the morning they found that the Turkish Colonel who superintended the emigration, and who was evidently unprepared for its magnitude, had only one small vessel ready for them; but he succeeded in hiring two small Turkish sailing vessels in addition' The women and children were sent on board till these ships were full, and then the Turkish and Tartar authorities applied to Admiral Fremantle, but he had received no previous intimation, and could do nothing at the moment. However, he wrote to Sir W. Codrington on the subject, and, as he is a humane man, he will no doubt do all he can to assist these Tartars. When I left Balaklava yesterday there was every prospect of their spending another night in the streets and on the hill sides, nor did their stock of provisions appear very ample. Hitherto, the French have given rations, such as they could spare, to a certain number of Tartars in the valley of Baidar, in return for their services as wood carriers and arabajees. They are a docile, kind-hearted, gentle race, and are much superior in appearance to the Tartars I saw at Kertch and Eupatoria. They have all fine teeth and eyes. Many of the men are very well-looking, and the old men are exceedingly dignified in aspect, and possess great native ease and good breeding. 'The young woimen possess graceful forms, and are beleved to be very pretty, but they are not often seen unveiled, and the old women do not display the least traces of beauty. I have never seen anywhere children more lively and handsome in face than some who were among the emigrants yesterday. As I was riding through the street some Russian ofdicers passed, and gave signs of dissatisfaction at the proceedings of the Tartars. The latter were very abject in their bows as their masters passed them. And this is the end of one of the conquering races of the world ! WVhether the Tartars deserved their fate, or have been treated badly by fortune, one cannot but feel pity for them, if they are punished for the crimes of their ancestors. They came into the Crimea as conquerors, and they leave it as exiles. It is said that they are going to colonize the Dobrudscha, or to settle at Rustchukl and Kostendje. The first-named place is but a pestiferous maurais; it is a grave to those who visit it, and I sincerely trust that these poor Tartars, in whom we ought to take a great interest, for we have brought upon them this aggra. vation of the evils of their position, will not be doomed to such misery and certain death as they will find in the Dobrudscha. The number of families ready to emigrate is stated to be 1,500. They declare that all the Tartars in the Crimea would follow their example if they could, and it is worthy the attention of the allied Governments to inquire whether facilities should not be offered to save these unfortunate people from the fate which impends over them. The Tartars declare the Russians hate them on accoiunt of their sympathies with the allies, and that they will exact a terrible revenge when we are gone. The Tartars still rejoice over the Alma; they rub their hands with delight at the very name, but it has been to them an unhappy victory. Although the expectation of a large and generous brevet on Her Majesty's birthday somewhat assuages the angry feelings with which the reductions are regarded, the dissatisfaction of which I hava spoken has not subsided. Where all of the officers affected by the reductions complain with asperity of the injustice done to them it is not my duty to indicate isolated cases in which there are broad grounds of complaint, and it is probable that if I were to cite particular instances, they would be capped by the citation of larger and more unjusti. fiable injuries. Not only do Brigadiers Staumton, Adams, Trollope, Van Straubenzee, Spencer, and others return to their regiments, but it is even expected that Major-General Garrett, the General commanding the Light Division, wil go back to the command of the 46th Regiment. Colonel Lysons, of the 23d, who has for some time served as Brigadier of the 2d Brigade, Light Division, is saidto have been appointed on the distinct understanding that his services in that capacity were not to constitute any claim for promotion, and there are several other senior colonels of regiments in a position somewhat similar. The junior Lieutenant-Colonels who will have to retire if the rumours so largely circulated, and generally believed, are well founded, have reasons to regret the promotion they have received, for it has caused them to be placed on half-pay when they had just begun to entertain hopes that they might command their regiments. Had they remained as senior majors or captains they would have been safe, and their military career would have been uninterrupted by the fatal break-, " half-pay." M1any officers desirous of seeing active service, and gaining promotion by exposure in the field, find that aU their efforts have been futile. They have with great exertion and expenditure effected exchanges with officers of the regiments outt here, and now they find their services disregarded. The third paragraph of the general orders, oni Tuesday, has given rise to the hope that there will be a large brevet to the senior officers, who are trembling on the verge of half-pay. Several contracts have been entered into for the supply of fresh meat to the divisions of the army from the interior of the Crimea. The Fourth Division has already enjoyed the results of the arrangement in the shape of some very good beef. The cattle are of two descriptions-snall plump shorthorns, and large lean longhorns; but the meat of the latter is very good. There are very few sheep to be had,-indeed, I have not seen any whatever. Our canteen people have disposed of their extra stock to the Russians at remunerative prices. Mrs. Seacole, with whose name one landmark in the Crimea will always be identified, has mmade the grand tour by Bakshiserai and Simpheropol, and has managed to leave someof her stock behind her. The Sultan has sent her a medal, but she is anxiously expecting -the English Government to decorate her with, the Crimean riband and its metallic appendage, to which she lays claim, for " services rendered in the field." I saw the good old woman actively engagedin succouring the wounded after the Battle of the Tchernaya, and she was on the ground in front of the camps on gptember the 8th, witha huge plum-puddinmg,wiie, and-other creature comforts, to give gratuitously to those who stood in need of them. The number of navvies and Land Transport Corps men who, haye beencured by her of their headaches, stomach-aches, fevers, and other maladies, rendered the doctor3 almost jealous -f her. s rs. Seacle's partner is namedDay, and the wags of the camp have irreverently termed the firm " Night and Day," in allsion to the fie mahogany hue of the warmhearted Went Indian. GENRAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, April 29. 'No. 1. T-he Field tLarsbai command.ing in Ciie ha e pleased to grant leave of absence to MIajor Frend, 55th Be'e+ o h 0ho April. No. 2. It will be agreeabletoth army to now that it is the honourable wish and intention of the Rusian uth rities to preserve scrapulously the burial-places and monuments of those of our countrywen who have died in the *Crimea. The-terms used in adespatch are, that the Imperial Government wiU considerthis a " sacred" duty; and General Lilders, in an order to the Russian army, mentions, t-that he is persuadedl that, after the evacuation of the positions occupied by the allies, all the troops which remain in the Crimea will regard with respect the tombs ana monuments of those who have died on the field of battle." No. 3. Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Thaclvwell, AssistantAdjutant-General, 3d Division, will proceed to England, the force to which he has been attached having been broken ut. No. 4. Officers commandmrf regiments and corps will forward without delay to the Mltary Secretary, HorsX Guards, tho records of services required by circular memorandlum dated September 19, 1855. No. 5. The 39th Regiment will embark in Her Majesty's ship Simoom on Wednesday, the 30th inst. The Quartermaster-General will maLe all necessary arrangements. No. 6. Supernumerary officers and soldiers who remain in the Crimea on the embarcation of their regiments will be attached as follows :-9th Regiment to the 56th Regiment, and the 39th Regiment to the 89th Regiment. No. 7. The circular memorandum dated Horse Guards, March 28, 1856, No. 3 (officersf dress), has this day been distributed to regiments. No. 8. Mr. Pottinger, late of the Indian army, having been attached to the Land Transport Corps as Cornet, may draw pay accordingly from the 25th of February to the 7th No. 9. In] accordancel with General Order No. 1, of the 26th inst., Captain Darling, 9th Regiment, late DeputyAssistant Quartermaster-General, may drawforage for three horses. No. 10. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant Price, 11th Hussars, to the 10th of May, to proceed to Scutari; Captain Spurway, Royal Artillery, to proceed to England,on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General; Captain L. Sidebottom, 3d Regiment, to the 15th of May; Ensign F. Wright. 56th Regiment, to the 31st of Judy. At the recommendation of medical boards, to Captain J. D. Saunderson, Royal Artillery - Ldieutenant H. Heineeken, 2d uLght Infantry, British 6erman Legion; and Mr. E. Steel, Clerk in the War Department,-to proceed to England. On arrival they vill report themselves to the Adjutant, General. On medical certificate, to Lieutenant A. Hall, 41st Regiment, to the 10th of May, 1856, to remain at Scutari; and on private affairs, to the Rev. E. Pyddocke, Officiating Chaplain, to the 26th of June. NRo. 11. Sergeant B. MIurphy, 13th Regiment, is appointed Deputy Provost-M1arshal, wvith pay at 4s. 3d. a-day, vice Sergeant Ryder, 9th Regiment, from this date. By order, C. A. W1ZN1)HAMI Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 30.. No. 1. The services of the following gentlemen being no longer required in the Crimea, they wsi proceed to scutari- Civil Surg-eons Dr. G. H. B. Macleod and Dr. F. W. Rooke; Acting Second Clas Staff Surgeons Dr. Vaughan Hughes and Dr. J. J. Murray. Mo. 2. The following officers having been in medical charge of their regimients, may draw field allowance and forage as Surgeons :-Assistant-Surgeon Webb, 19th Regis 5huent, from the 21st of April; Assistant-Surgeon Rendell, 55th Regiment, from the 26th of April. No. 3. In accordance with General Order No. 1, of the 26th inst., Major Fausett, 44th Regiment, late Major of Bri-ade, may draw forage for three horses. 4 No. 4. Leave of absence is grauted to Staff Assistant. Surgeon H. R. Dew, to the 31st of May, to go to the Castle Hospital. At the recomniendation of nedical boards, to Lieutenant Sir David Baird, 74th Regiment, Aide-de-Camp; ideutenant Montgomery, 7th Regiment,-to proceed to England. On ariviial thley will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. And, in extension,, to Bruvet-Major Manley, 6th Dragoons, to May 15. No. 5. Medical boards will assemable to inquire into the state of health of Enign E. Ricard, 18th Regiment, and Acting Staff Assistant-Surgeon J. Grant. The Principal 3iedical Officer will be pleased to give the necessary direc- No. 6. Major Berdmore, 20th Rtegiment, having left one charger at the public service, forage may be drawn for it. No. 7. Sergealit Thomas O'Meara, 18th Regiment, is apgoined Dput Proost-arsa], ithpay at 4s. 9d. a-day, victe ereant Nursey 9th3tReSgim'ent, frsoPmApril 28. No. 8' The following soldier is appointed clerk in the Pos-oficeat alalaa :Sercan JaesParks, :39th B,y order, C. A. WINDHA3M, Cnief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastonol, May L. No. 1. With reference to General Order of the 14thl of Way, 185t5, and in consequence of an allowance having been sanctioned for the mess of officers by General Order of Noveniber 14, 1855, No. 2, the summer rations of fuel to regimental officers will be reduced to the number authorized by the General Order of the 28th of May, 1854. No. 7-viz., Field-officers 8 rations; aU other ranks 4. The allowance for regimental schools, provost prisons, and public offices will cease from the 1st of May. No. 2. The 50hi Regiment wiU be transferred to Brigadier General Warren's Brigade from Saturday, the 3'd of May, N.3. The followding officers having been in medical icharge of battalions of the Land Transport Corps, miay draw field e and forage as Surgeons:-Assistant-Surgeons S. Dikerson, J. Wood, and W. Muschamp, from the 1st of April. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted to Major King, 13th Regiment, and Captain Carcy, R.A., to the 31st of July; I and, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Staff Assistant-Surgeon H. Atkinson, to proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adijutant-General. By order, C. A. WI?=DH.A, Chief of the Staff. Hreadl-quarters, Sebastopuol, Mray 2. No. L The regimental pronmotions and appointments published by authority in the London Gazelle of the 15th of April will take effect in this army from their respective Idates. No. 2. The following officer has joined the staff of this I army:-Tlle Rev. lr. Beck, officiating chaplainat, Seutari, 9ih of February. The Rev. Mr. Becl will be attached to the Light Brigade, Cavalry Division. I No. 3. The Field-Mlarshal Commanding in Chief has been pleased to grant leavo of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant-Colonel Lys, 48th Regiment, to the 20th of June. On medical certificate, to Quartermaster Smith, 23dl Regiment, to the 16th of June. For the recovery of their health, to Surgeon A. Croker, 2d Battalion 1st Regiment, to the 26th of MEay; and Assistant-Sturgeon Titterton, 89th Regiment, to the 11th of July. Until the destination of his regiment be known, to Captain Portal; 4th Light Dragoons; and prevous to retirement from the service, to Captain Edwards, 2d Dragoons, to the 5th of June. No. 4. The destination of the following regiments hag been notified :-3d, 46th, aiidl 68th Regiments, Corfu; 2d battalion 1stRegiment, 14tll, 21st, 28th. 31st, 47th, 48th, 57tbh, and 71st to Malta; l3th, 30tl;, 55th, 89th, and 92d to Gibraltar. No. 5. Revolver pistols which have been issued to regimental staff sergeants will be returned into store by the 5th No. 6. The following officers have been appointed to act as field-officers, and may draw field allowance and forar s ceordingly :-Brevet-Colonel C. IHenry, Royal HIorse Artillery, from the 24th of April; Brevet-Major Faussett, 44th Reginent, from the 27th of April. No. 7. The First, Fourth, and Light Divisions will send such fatigue parties as may be thouight necessary by their respectie Generals to complete the work now going on around the graves on the battle-field of Inkermarn. No. S. All regiments, when ordered for embarcation, wil send their water-bags to the Quartermaster-General's store, l3ainklava. No. 9. Officers commanding regiments will make the best arrangements in their power for providing udding-b and meat tallies for the company messes on beard ship Condemned tents may be appropriated to the purposeof making these bags. No. 10. All stoves and stove piping in possession of regi. nients whose destination is known will be collected and re.turned into store imnmediately; the renm-inder by the 15th inst. inr. Lilley, Deyuty Ordnance Storekeeper, wtvffi receive them at the Engineer-wharf. Assistant QuartermasterGenerals of Divisions will report to the Quartermaster. General when this order is carried out. No. 11. The following officers, beiag in command of troops or eompanies, may draw fieldaallowance and forae as Captains:-Lieutenant Crookworthy, 1st Battalion 1st Regiment, from the 9th of April ; Lieutenant Strangways, Boyal Horse Artillery, from the 25th of Mach to the 20th No. 12. Lieutenant Sir David Baird, 74th Regiment, Aide-de-Camp, having left three chargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for them. No. 13. Leave of absence is granted to Colonel Gordon, C.B., Royal Engineers, tothe 31st of July; LieutenantColonel C. HIume, C.E., 95th Regiment, to the 30th of June -;Major Spence,- 31st Regiment, to the 5th of August; and, at the recommendation of a medical board, to E-naign E. Richards,- 18th Regiment, to proceed. to England;. on arTival he will report himself to the Adjuant-General. - 'By order,- C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Stda
THE BA-Ds, 'n3 THE PARxs.-Yeaterday at the meeting of the St. Pancras vestry, held at the Vestry-hall, Camden-town (the Rev. Thomas Dale, vicar, in -the chair),, a deputation waited npon that body to present a memorial, .whiclilad been-signe by nearly 500 ratepayers~ requesting 'lie uszeof -the Vestry-ball for a public meetinig of the izI1 abitanta-on Monday evening next, to elicit. theiim.piflion with reference to the performance of music ia the-public: `ploent Sunday afterno6ns. *The rev. chairman saidthere was one objection to the memorial, and that was theimse of the definite artice,"the" befoe tho word- "inhabitants.". It was perfectly ridiculous to suppose that "IThe " inhabit. nts of St; Pancras, amounting to 70,000 or 80,000, could give any expreskion to what the opinions of the inhabitants at large realy -were, by meeting -in that Vestry-hill upoa this or any other subiect. The words, " the inhabitants" wr,hrfre, a delusion, as, whatever.resolutions niight be come to, they could be only the opinois of that tin of inhabitants. He- suggested, ctherefore, tat - t- "the"l should be expungedl. Mr. Ross, the spokesmainof thie deputation, said they had no objection o sik ftthe objectionable word, and, on the motion of Mr. WF. D. Cooper. seconded by hlr. Douglas, the application- was granted unanimously. At similar movement is gettin u in Miarylebone and other parts of the mietropolis,-m ,
TURKEY. MOTh following appeared in our second editio of yes. terdav--1 (Rox OUB OW VORRBrPOXD1NT.) CONSTANTIOPLE, MAY 5. I I wrote to you some time ago about Syria and the! movement which was preparing there, but I could' then only give you the account of the outbreak at Nablous, and not the particulars. Owing to the unsettled state in which Syria has been since 1840, it offered the most convenient battle-ground for petty kidrmishes between rival foreign influences, of which every Consul and Vice-consul tookithe best advantagge he could, the divided interests of different mountain tribes affording every day new opportu-- nities. In Nablous the two families of Abdul Hadj and Tokan had been for a Iong time the object of the solicitude of the foreign representatives, and they ! rose'and fell in turn, just as the influence of their Western patrons increased or decreased. The Porte endeavoured to put an end to this game, which was carried on at her expense, by appointing a Turkish Kaimakan from Constantinople to the goverranent of the district. This lasted till very recently, when a movement was got up in favour of a native Kaimakan, each family endesvouring, through the influence of their respective protectors, to have one of their members appointed to the dignity. Kiamil Pasha, the Governor of Jerusalem, under whose jurisdiction Nablour is, ceded to the pressure which was applied, and consented to have a native Kaimnaan, of the family of the Abdul Hadj's, appointed, and he chose Mahmoud Bey. The Tokans, offended by this choice, threatened to oppose the installation of the new Kaimakan, which was quite possible, as their followers form the majority of the population of Nablous. The installation, however, took place without any disturbance. The occasion of the disturbance was the hoisting of the Consular flags. The population of Nablous is among the most savage and most fanatical of Asia; it has been therefore hitherto thought advisable not to excite its fanaticisml by any external signs of foreign influence, and the Consular agents never hoisted their flags. The instaLation of a native Kainmakan by foreign influence was thought, however, a sufficient guarantee against any evil consequences, and the French Consular agent hoisting his, the English and Sardinian would not remain behind, and did likewise. The population, already greatly excited by the nomination of a Kaimakan from the "family of Abdul Jladj, proceeded to the French agent's house, and asked whether he had a firman empowering him to hoist his flag in their town. As they received no answer to their demands they tore down the flag and flagstafl, enveloped the Consular agent in his own flag, and rolled him thus through the street. Having accomplished this the mob went off to the British Consular agent's house, where a similar scene occurred, only more violent, because one of the agent's men struck dowvn a man in the crowd. They dragged out the Consular agent and illtreated him. The same happened with the third Consular agent, after which the population, having satisfied their fury, dispersed. The affair in the district of Konieh has a more domestic character, but not so much of a religious as of a financial natuire. There is a small town in the neighbourhood of Konieh caLled Bovi, inhabited by a mixed population of Armenians and Tarks. The former are the usurers of the place, who make voyages to Constantinople, and take charge of anyremittances the people of the district wish to send to their friends at Stamboul, at the moderate I interest of 50 per cent., which, as the money they advance is not always regularly repaid, is sometimes augmented to more than 100 per cent. The helpless, foolish population, submit to this exaction with truly Eastern carelessness, but, as may be easily imagined, hate and despise the accommodatingArenians. After the publication of the Jlatti-Rumayoun these latter, who lintil then had made their profits without much noise, became suddenly very much elated, and began. to excite in every -Way the profound hatred of the Mloslems; the consequence of it was a row, in which sticks played the most prominent part, and which ended in the Armenians leaving the place and retiring to Konieh for safety. If this affair, which has been magnified into a fearful revolt, has at least some foundation, there are others which have none at all. For instance, the supposed disturbances in Magnesia. Some of the principal native Christians of Smyrna came just before Easter to the Pasha, with the news that they had positive information that the Turkish population of M;agnesia was preparing to massacre the Greeks at Easter, and that they begged him to lose no time in sending troops there in all haste, or otherwise they were determined to arm themselves and go to the rescue of their threatened brethren. The Pasha left the same night, arrived at Magnesia, and told the astonished Christian inhabitants that he had come with an armed force to protect them. Ee found, however, that the Christians of Magnesia lnew less about the matter than their anxious friends in Smyrna, so he returned. For the last two days there has been another story afloat of a Livornese employed by the English Land Transport Corps to purchase mules in the pashalic of Adana, who is said to have been burnt in his house, with his whole family. I have not heard anything from a credible source about this affair; if there were any truth in it, it is probable that the English authorities would have heard something about the matter, which I amr told is not the case. To this may be reduced all the stories current about disturbances in different parts of Turlkeyforthe present,in which the harmony between Christians and Mlahomedans is concerned. As in every household difference, it is usually officiousfriends who complicate the matter. That the animosity between the two elements has been revived by the sweeping measures contained in the Hatti-Humayoun there can be no doubt. The gradual changes' and reforms had' begun to obliterate the old distinctions. To satisf the wishes of the Western Powers, animated no doubt by the most sincere desire of benefitting Turkey, but not properly acquainted with the circumstances, concessions have been made which on one hand express the principle of fusion, and on the other keep up stronger than ever the divisions between the two creeds. Thus religion has been again put forward as the -watehword, and it is but natural to expect3that, as the standard of the two opposite camps has once been planted, the MIoslems should rally round theirs. Biut, I repeat it agam, there is nothing to apprehend now, only, unfortunately, there are clear signs that underhand influences are at work to mak-e the most of this revived religious animosity, and to represent the danger as urgent, in order to have their hands free for the furtherance of misunderstood p6litical objects.l Europe ought to think twice before she encourages such- a dangerous game, which cannot falto conjure up the spirit which it pretends to be so anxCious to allay. I told you in my last that a treaty had been concluded between the lUnited States and Persia. It was concluded under the auspices of the Russian nuission, and its spirit is directed against England. It pretends to be a commercial treaty, *and so it would be were it not for three articles. The first ofthesesays-that,the Persiananot being amaritime nation, the Americans wil be obliged for the advantages *hich the treay grants to their commerce to have a fleet-in the Persian Gulf, in order to defeind Peisia against the enterpAses of whatever maritime nation'should attack her. The second givesj theAmericans the right to have their shipe of fariu the Shattul-Arabi the mouth of the Tigris; -aand the third of these article, allows them to have a factory at Xnnsh. Such is then the result of our late mi en 'licy with Persia. We have a competitor in the Verrian Gulf. The most curious thing is that the Americans are -to-have nurnah as a factory-one of the places which we perauaded the Tus to give up to the Persians in the frontier convention The first English troops have passed through here on their way from the Cfmesa. The 9th, 39th, and a detachment of the 17th, passed on-Saturday. the rest of the 17th, and the 62d and 63d, are expect next. aeepce The cavalry at Scutari has llkewse conmnence leaving. A part of the 4th and t-he 13th l-ght Dragoons left yesterday on board the Bobert lXowe and the Assis.tance. t Both the steeple-chase and flat aces for the Sultan's cups have come off; the first on the lat and the latter on the 3d of this month. They were both very well attended, and gave great satisfaction. The following are the deaths in the General IEoapital at Scutari from the 26th of April to the 2d of May, inclusive:- Privates Thaddeus Grasresld, Polish Legion, catarrh ch.- William Stoddarn, Land Transport Corp3, febris.
THB BMPBBROR NAPOLEONS PLAN AGAINST SEBASTOPOL. InM. de Bazancourt's second volume of theUistory of the4zxpeditioi7 to the Grimnea, justppublished, istobe found the following letter from the Emparor of the French, which Commandant Fave had been charged to deliver to General Canrobert, Comonandantvin Chief of the French army in the East, after the rupture of the Conferences of Vienna. It mnay be remembered thnt the Emperor had resolved to proceed in person to the Crinmea to share the fatigues and perils of the French army, but had been prevented by grave reasons of State. The followinm letter communicates to General Canrobert the plan of campaign on which the Emperor intended to act had he gone there. It says8- "The fire which lasb een opened agatgeb& 1will by this time have either succeeded or failed. In either case it is absolutely necessary to quit the defensive position in which the army has remained during the last sac months. For this purpose, in accord with the English Govemnment, I would have the troops divided into th'ee armies-one siege army and two of operations. The first -s destined to protect Kanieasch and to blockade the garrison of Sebastopol; the second to operate at a short distance from Balaklava, and, in case of need, to take possession of the heights of Mackeezie'; and the third isintended to effect a diversioml* If, as I have reason to think, the Russians have 35,000 men in Sebastopol, 15,000 to the north of Eupatoria, and 70,000 between Simpheropol, the Belbek, and the Tchermaya, it will suffice to have 60.000 good troops to destroy all the Russian army, which might be taken in the rear before it could unite all its forces, and even should it be able to unite them the numbers would be alnost equal; for that great principle of war must not be forgotten, that, if a diversion is made at a certain distance from the base of operations, it is necessary that the troops employed in such a diversion should be in sufficient number to be able of themselves to resist tho army of the enemy, who might unite all its efforts against them. AUl this being well considered, I would have seat into the valley of the Baidar the 40,000 men taken from thi, army of Sebastopol; and, supported by Lord Raglan, I would have occupied, from Skelia as far as the bridge of Teule and Tehorgoun, the four roads which cross the Tcher. naya; we should thus have had so many tMtcs-dc-.pont, threatening the left of the Russians, established on the heights of Ilackenzie. After this movement I would have left Lord Raglan master of all the positions on the left of the Tchernaya from Skelia as far as Tchorgoun; I wrould have assembled in the rear of tne lines occupied by the English the 40,0 men of the active army, with the cavalry, and the means of transport at my disposal, w;aiting in thatposition for the arrival of my corps d'am-aYc, which, coning from (lonstantmople, would have received ordersto reconnoitre Cape horos.t What wold have been our position as regarded the Russians 1 The movement on Baidar, by giving up the passages orer the Tchernaya, wFould have threatened their left and led tnem to suppose that it was or intention to disloddge them from the heig,hts of nkermana and 2ack-enzio. 'The Russians wvould have been thus kept in check, and their attention drawn on Inkemmaun and Perekop. Our positions would have been excellent, and my plens being unknown, if anything had deranged them nothing wold have been compromised. But _npposin" that nothing had opposed the general plan, it would have been carried out in the following manner:-As soon as the fleet, bringing the 25,000 men of the reserve, had been sean approaching, orders would have been given for thems to proceed to Alouchta, the beach at wvhich place, having been secretly examined, was found favourable for a lauding. A first body of 3,000 men would inunediately on their land. ing establish themselves three leagues from Alonchta, beyc.nd the defile of Ayen. No others would be landed until information had been received of the occupation of that defile. After such information had been received the remainder of the 25,000 men would land, and the 40,0Ji assembled at B3aidar would receive orders to march along the road which skirts the seacoast by Yalta. In three days, that is to say two days after the landing of the army at Alouchta, the40,000 men from Baidar would have joined underthewaDsofSimpheropol the 25,000 justlanded; the town would have been taken possession of, and a sufficientgarrison left in it, or a good position would hive been -en up on the road we had just passed, to secure ti e rear of the army. Noow, of two things one-either the Russian army before Schastopol would have abandoned t'aat formidable position to meet the army which would adva ice fromthe side of Bakshiserai, andthenthe furst army of opera. tion,underthe orders of Lordllalan,ouldpushfonvard.and take pcossession of the position of Inkermaunn *or the Russians wouldawaitinteirlines the arrival of the armyadvancing from Simpherorol, and then the latter, advaucing from Bakshiserai on Sebastopol, always supporting its left on the mountains, would form a junction with the army of Idarshal R aglan, who had advanced from Baidar on Albat, repulse the IRuasian army, and drive it back into Sebastopol or into the sea. This plan appears to me to possess great advantages. In the first place, the army as far as Simpheropol, which is only nine leagues from Alouchta, would be in communication with the sea; the country is very healthy, and better supplieI-with water than anyotherpartof'theCrimea; its rearwouldbaalways secare; it would occupy ground where our inferiority in cavalry would be less sensibly felt; and lastly, it would be all at once on the Russian line of operations, and cat off aU the supplies, by probably taking possession of their parks of reserve. If the defile of Ayen-an indispensable element in the success of the plan-should be so fortified as not to ba capable of being taken, the 3,000 men whvo advanced for that purpose would have been re-embarked ; the arny of reserve would then have been landed at Ralaklava, and the diversion which it was intended to make on Simpheropol would have been made by Baidar, but with fewer advantages. As to the marcl of the 40,000 men from Baidar to Alouchta, it would have been without danger, as the ground is protected by almost inaccessible mountains, and is at a great distance from the Russian army. Our army might during almost all the distance along the seashore have been followeed by steamers to receive the sick.- If, on the contrary, it had been wished to make a diversion by Eupatoria, my opinion is that nothing could have been more dangerous or more opposed to the rules of art and to the counsels of prudence. In order to operate from Eupatoria on Sins- pheropol, the army so engaged would be in an open and unhealthy country, and alost without water; it would be on ground wfhere the Russian cavalry, vhich is very numerous, would have every chance of success, and it would have to make a march of 1G leagues in face of an enemy which might comefrom the north as well as from the south, fall on the columns, and cut off all retreat. The wings of the army would have no support from. the nature of the ground. In order to go from Eupatoria to Simpheropol, it should carry with it all its proviions and aU its ammunition; for when once the army had left Eupatoria, the 15,000 Russians in that neighbourhood, and most of whom aro cavalry, would harass their rear and prevent the arrival of amy convoys. If it should meet with any resistance at Simpheropol, and the Russian army should, by a change of front, have taLen a position on the road over which the army had passed, that army would be either annihilated or starved out. There is, besides, another absolute principle, and that is, that a flank march is not possible ul(ess at a distance from the enemy, and wlhen sheltered by the nature of the ground. The army whicl, would operata from Eupatoria to impheropol would consequently have no line of operations, nor any defence assured for its flanks, nor any means of retreat. nor faLvourable field of battle, nor means of procuring food,' Iastly, this army of operation, instead of being compact, composed of soldiers of thesame nation, commnandedbyasinglechief,wouldbeformed in great part of Turks; and as some allied divisionswould be added to it, there would be neither unity, nor security, nor absolute confidence. If, instead of marching on Simpheropol, the army leaving Eupatoria should desire to proceed direct to Sebastopol, it must recommence 'der diadvantageous oonditions the canipaigu which we made in disemharkiingin the Crimea. It should carry the formidable poeitions of the lma, of the liatcha, and of the Belbek. Tiia eaterprise is inipossible, for it would be disasttrous. Ience followrs the absolute necessity of ooly leaving at Eupatoria the number of Turk!s strictly indirpenab eto defend the place. Such is the plan which I ishedto emecute at the head of the brave troops which sou have hitherto commanded, and it is with the meet profoumd and acute sorrow that I find that graver interests force me to ren,a V- in Er-np "2NAPOLEON.", L1St, the siege army. composed of 30.000 French and 30COG 'jIure, withou, counting 20,t0W men who cannotbe dieposed of; 2d. the fiet armr of olcration underLordRFagbn, of 25,000 EngIh,h 5,000Iiedmonteso, 5,00,0 French, and 10.000 Turks; and, 3d, the second arm nor opesation, of 40,000 French of the anny of Sebetopol and 25,0WD of the anny of reserve at Constantinople." t "The actve armywonld be thu60rgam2ed :-Gencral nhert, General-mn Chief. fzrst coepe d'ar.n;, Genzerxl Bo6quet, with four dirisions of infantiy rnd one of light etailry; secondl corp d'arznGe, General llgnan'd de St. Jesan d'Angely. with two dividons of infant4. one dividion of the giu:rd. and one div.dion of heai7 cavs5. General Pehieeier wvould have contnu ed to command the hesieging acmr.7 "On the othabrhbnd, the Minister of War would have had ellected at Conusabtinople rations of meat, gunpowder. sndotherobjeet3 occupying little spacw inorderthat theboldiere,by leaving all 3heir other hagsage. might hive*each carried eight days' provinons, with a shirt and a greatcoat. The corps d'arme of reserre would have b1 on board the steamer eight days' rations lor 60,000 men. The carraie whch would follow the army of B3ldar would carry the ma-lse quantity. sothat the 60.t0 men in counnencing the movement wotll have 16 daye pro isos assured to them. Whea once they hadi reachs. SiIDpkcro0jlthe carriages might revic&,tu thl arwy from Alouehta
(FIO3M oth OWN CoRREsPoND-T.) PARIS, W D.O5BSDAY,r MAY 14, 6 :1.3 In my letter of Sunday last I alluded to the rumour, as yet confined to a very fewv persons, of a secret treaty, signed about the same time as that of -the 15th of April. The existence of such a documaent is, I find, not doubted by persons who are in a position to be informed on such matters, though, ia the absence of any positive proof, I speak of it with all due reserve. Seeing that the inte,rity of the Ottoman empire is sufficiently guaranteed by the acts of the Congress, and again confirmed by the treaty of the 15th of April, I was under the impression that the one I allude to had reference to the Italian question, and that, consequently, Piedmont would *necessarily be a contracting party. In this there lvas an error; the treaty is said to be between 3Kngland, France, and Austria, and has no direct reference to Italy. Now, supposing it to exist, what, it will be asked, does it relate to f The obligations contracted by the allies have arrested for a long time to come the agaressive spirit of Russia, and to the north and east her march is stayed. Sweden no longer feels her cold shadows in her very capital. The Aland Isles are stripped of their terrors, and around Sebastopol no longer hangs the slowly gathering storm which was to burst over the Bosphorns. But the terimnation of the war with ussia does not guarantee Elurope from newv troubles, and as long as there is oppression in Italy, discontent and resentment among her populations, and stupid obstinacy on the part of her Sovereigns, ve cannot count upon a long continuance of repose. A rising against their tyrants may not be appeased so easily as in other days; and those Christian Powers which Slung their protecting shield: over the Mussulnman could not wrell co-operate in rivetting the chains of those vho profess the same faith,and whose ciaims,asmen, are not inferior to thoseof the Turks. As longasltaly is in its present condition the tranquillityof Southern Eiurope is liable to be disturbed at any moment, and the danger is nearer to us than the one we have just conjured. Something mustbe done for Italy, and that without loss of time; and, if I can trust to what has been more than once repeated for the last month and more, Austria herself, in her secret heart, is not only not insensible to the danger, but not unwilling to do something towards dissipating it. Can it be that a consciousness is creeping over her that her hold on her Italian possessions would be very weak indeed in case of a convulsion' in Central or Southern Italy, and that she is already making up her mind to the worst, and is providing against the evil hour? Anexpressionhas beenattributedtoCountBuolwhich,ifcorrectlyreport- ed, and I have no particular reason to disbelieve the reporter, 'would indicate the existenceof apprehension on that score. Count Buol in a moment of unusual warrmth issaidtohavedeclaredhisregretthathehadnot instructions to propose in the Congress the surrender of Lombardy in exchange for the Danubian Principalities. Every one is free to speculate on such matters ; and, if it be a fact that the secret treaty I have noticed exists, it may not be too wild a speculation to refer it to Turkey. There was, perhaps, much truth in -what the Emperor Nicholas said about the " sick man;" that is, so far as the malady of the patient was concerned, that we did not intend that he should fall into the hands of such a practitioner. Does the sickness continue, and will it refuse to yield to the remedies we are now applying ? WIill the patient survive the operation? If he succumb, what will become of his heritage ? These are dif}icult questions to answer ; but I should lke to know, and so would others, whether, in point of fact, a secret treaty exists betwecn England, France, and Austria, and, if so, what is the object of it. You remember the profound reasons given to connce the public that there had been no mention of Italy in the conferences, that neither Count Cavour nor anybocly else had presented, officially or nonofficially, note or memorandum on the subject. Argument and wit were alike directed against those -who ventured to maintain the affirmative; but the laugh, as events have proved, was not, at the last moment, on the side of the incredulous. 'When at length the fact of the " notes" was placed beyond doubt, it was denied that a "memorandum" existed. I maintained against all comers the question of the notes, and I now repeat that a memorandum was presented, if not officially to the Congress, at least to the Plenipotentiaries of England and France. The memorandum exists independently of the notes, and, what is more, it is a document of considerable importance. Private accounts from Italy state that much excitement p'evails throughout the entire population, in consequsace of the discussions in the Congress and the debates in the English and Piedmontese Parliaments. The success of Count Cavour has been a real triumph, and the order of the day which approved his conduct at the conferences was all but unanimous, there being only six or seven discontents-a thing not known for a long time past. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 40c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 70c.; and the New Loan at 7Sf. 65c. ; Orleans Rilway Shares 1,430f.; Great Northern, 1,15&f.; Strasburg& 990f.; New Shares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,460f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 95Sf.; Bordeaux and Cette 817f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 7%2f. S0c.; iyons and Geneva, 812f. S0c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,865f. ; Austrian Railways, 940f. CQurs Autheatique.-PR&nr, May 14.-Cash Pricee.- Foar.and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinmbursable for 10 years), 94f.; dittto, second Loan of 185S (55 percent. paid), 94!.; ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 94f.; Three per Cents., 75f. 75f. 10c. 75f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 10c. 35c. 50c.; ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. raid), 75£. 10e. 35c. 50c.; Bank of France, 4,000f.; Crzdit .Voncier, 700f.; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto, Tenths, Pour per Cents., 9'i * Credit Mobilier, 1,860f. 1,865f.; Discount Bsank, 69Sf. O97!f. 50c. ; Piedmontese Five per Gents., 93£. ustrian Five per CetL 90.- Bl2iaa Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97' 9)6: Romans, 9d1.; Spanish Passives, 7i. Echange on London, at sgt any 5.3d. he month,moe,2f sih, money, 2of. 3~. he PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWN CoRRESPoIm.-MNT.) BERLIN, MAY 12. A very simple ceremony which took place here last Friday affords me a welcome opportuhity to call your attention to an institution which well deserves the notice of aMl philanthropists. In June, 1854, the late President of Police founded at Rummelsburg, in the vicinity of this town, an auxiliary penal establshment, where the inmates of the various over-filled prisons of this place find employment as well out of doors as in-doors. Only in September of last year Herr von Hinkeldy laid the foundation-stone of a place of worship for soccupants of this establishment, and this little sanctuary, now completed, furnished, and adorned in a manner that shows how highly the object is prized and how deeply the debt of gratitude to the deceasedPresident is felt, was consecrated in the presence of the Kin last Friday morning. When I mention that 3is Majesty was attended on the occasion by his three Royal brothers, by three Mdinisters of State, by the Presidents of the Oonsistory and Ecclesiastical Council, his own adjutant, the military and municipal local authorities, &c., I give you a proof of the importance attached to this seemingly insignificant event. The highest official dignitaries in the State, together with the Royal fanily, had come thither from a distance to form one Christian community wvith a congregation of convicts. The place of worship originally planned by Hinkeldy was extremely simple, as the locality and the object seemed to call for; that it has been subsequently completed -with more attention to beauty than he contemplated is only a proof of the success of the original plan of employing convicts, and of the interees that the attempthasinspiredin all classes ofsociety. The little church has been consecrated by the highesL digni- t of the church of Prusia, with the name of The "Chapel of the Hfoly Cross," and bears the inscription, "Beteund arbeiFe" ("Pray and work"). The text chosen for the seenon on this occasion was, " FortheLord heareththe poor andkeiseth not ;i prisonere "-PS_ m 69, Yerge 33; and the choral music connected with the service was perfsaned by ths regularly constituted ctoirs of the constabulary. The altar stands in a niche, decorated gratuitously by artists of byerlin, with fresco pictures of the Evangelists; the silver candlesticks and the cPucifix of marble that 6tand on it are presented by tradesmen of the town, the communion plate by an of ficer of the police force, and the covering of the altar by the widow of the late President. The singullarity of a chapel for convicts, EO fitted up and attended at its consecration by so distinguished a body of visitors, is surpassed by the originality of the entire institution of which it forms part. The whole body of police for Berlin, about 1,2Q0 men, forms a community of its own, with its own pension fund, and other benevolent institutions. When the law empowering the employment of criminal labour apart from prisons *was passed in 1854 this body undertook, undfer the guidance of Hinkeldy, to erect its own bakery, and supply itself with bread by the aid of convict labour, which it derived from the prisons and paid for at the rate of prison labour. .A piece of land was purchased that same year, and an officer of police began to prepare the ground for biltding with 11 convicts out of a prison of the town. In the course of the first three weeks the number of convicts employed was already so far increased that 773 days! work was performed in that period, and in the course of the following six months no less than 22,119 days' work was done, averagngm 168 men employed. In addifion to a road to put the premises in connexion with the nearest highway, and the various earthworks requisite for the buildings, this amount of labour sufficed to erect a bakery wNith four ovens, a steam flour-mill with four sets of stones, with al the necessary offices, workshops and dwelling accommodation. From the Istof January to the 15th of August, 1855, there was 36,233 days' work performed, so greatly had the number of convicts been inereased, and who, consequently, had to be taken from all the penal establishments in and round the town. The whole premises were, during this period, surrounded with a wall 9 feet high; the chapel, with accommodation for 400 persons, was commenced ; work in the fields and in the farm connected with the establishment was performed, as well as labour for hire in the neighbouring villages, &c. In Auugust, 1855, the establishment was considered as so far completed that the Fisztes, or public treasurer, could undertake to make it a payment in future for the accommodation it had erected for its prisoners or convicts; it was henceforth to be considered an independent penal establishment; and was then opened with 250 convicts, who have ever since found ample occupation in the bakery, the mill, the carpenters' and smiths' shops, the gardens, grounds, and farm, or in supplying road labour for the neighbouring conimunes. The establishment was from the beginning and remains a private speculation of the police force. It is with their own funds that the policemen carry on the concern, and their fist adlvantage is that they get better and cheaper bread supplied to them from the establishment than they can get from the bakers; the further profits go to constitute a fund for allowances to the widowvs and families of men who die in the force. Besides housing and feeding these criminals, the police pay all of them who work in the open air a halfpenny a-day as an extra giatuity; half of this amount is put by for them, so that on leaving the establishment they are not penniless; wNith the other half they can buy for themselves such luxuries as butter, herrings, cheese, &c. The usual daily food consists of 1ilb. of bread, besides a breakfast of a pint of sOulp, and a dinner of a quart of vegetables and soup, and one-third of a pound of meat "making the Sunday's dinner." Whenever unusually hard work is done, the men so employed get an additional halfpound of bread and a pint of beer. The arrangement of the day's occupations is as follows :-In summer, theyrise at half-past4 o'clock-, in winterat 5; after breakfast and morning prayers, work till noon with 10 minutes for luncheon; after a rest of one hour for dinner, work again till 7 o'clock, with a short rest for the evening meal. In winter, work till 5 o'clock without any break, and from then till 7 o'clock light occupations are allowed in the large rooms of the establishment. At 8 o'clock the men are sent to bed, after a short evening prayer. On Sundays no work is done out of doors; the forenoon is devoted to divine service and light occupation within doors; the afternoon is left for the private occupations of the prisoners-for mending their clothes, reading, writing letters, receiving visitors, &c. As this establishment may be looked on as a successful attempt to employ criminals profitably, and with a view to their own reformation and subsequent restoration to society, it will be worth while to devote a few lines to the nature of the dgtefnus and the surveillance, the system, and its results. At the end of last December there were 268 prisoners housed and employed in this establishment, one of whom was sentenced to imprisonment for life, and the rest to an aggregate term of 1,047 years. Of these men 117 were in prison for their iirst offence, 150 had been already once or more fiequently Duprisoned; one had even been 10 times in prison. No less than 215 out of the 268 were in confinement for theft. The.lersonnel of the establishment consists of one head inspector and 20 sub-inspectors; the largest number of prisoners committed to the sLuveillance of any one sub-inspector is 20; when the men are at work out of doors two sub-inspectors are appointed to each gang, so that they may relieve each other. In the six months of 1854 there were three cases of escape; in 1855 there were 11, of which nine ended in recapture. It is expected that, now that the wall before mentioned is completed, the number of escapes will be extremely decreased. The main feature of the system is the employment of the men as much as possible in the open air, as being most conducive to their health and to their return to moral ways, to which the partial isolation of the field labourer under a free sky so materially contributes; and effective measures of precaution, and police officers instructed to discover individuals among the prisoners not entirely lost to feelings of rectitude, to whom a certain amount of surveillance can be intrusted, and who are therefore styled " Confidentials" (Vertrauenm&nner). Severe punishments are very rare, corporal piulishment almost unknown; one of the punishments most dreaded appears to be that of the offender being sent back to solitary confinement; runagates, when not thus re-sentenced to close confinement, have their wheelbarrow chained to them, and they are set to unusually heavy work. The arrangements for their occupation on work days, and more particularly on the Sunday, will strike the reader as being peculiarly calculated to humanize the dispositions and characters of the prisoners. The short space of time that the establishment has been at work does not admit of a statistical return of the reformation of its occupants; it is, however, matter of fact that many who have been discharged from its precincts have obtained decent situations, and are recognized as good workmen; so far as they go, the results show a much smaller amount of relapse to vice than is found with those discharged. As a practical proof that the industrial powes of the establishment thus constituted are not a mere secondaryaffair, it may be mentioned that the bakery at Rummelsburg now supplies with bread not only the police force, but also theFireBrigade(Feuewcc7lv), and, since the commencement of this year, has begun to supply a portion of tuhe garrison. Another portion of the troops in Berlin receives its bread from another penal establishment at Moabite; and it seems most probable that the military bakeries will soon be construted on the same plan that these penal bakeries have already adopted-that of the kneading spindle, driven by human, horse, or steam power. Some six months back I gave you a report of a bakery on this construction at Stuttgard, which was then already doing an extensive and lucrative buisiness. The last reports I have show it to be capable of turniing out with the help of this kneading spindle, turning in the usual kneading trough, 150 cwt. of dough a- day. T=I=Y TEEnM.-The lists of rules for the ensuing Trinity term, commencing on Thursday next, were yesterday exhibited. The aggregate of the three commorl law courts is 132 ; at the commencement of last term the number was 71. In the Court of Queen's Beach there are 45 rules- in the Court of Common Pleas 33, and rn the Court of ixchequer 54. There are in the Court of Queen's Bench in the New l'rial Paper 2 rules for judgment and 23 for argument. In the Special 3 rules for judgment, and 7 for rgument. The hsts of the Court of Common Pleas show 4 demurrers, 2 enlarged rules, and 17 for new trials, while in theExchequer there are 7 rules in the Peremptory Paper, 3 inthe Snecial Paper for judgment, and 16 for argument; of new trial there are 3 for judgment and 20 f'°r Uuaent,
SHIP NEWS. LIVERPOOL, MAY 15. wino ::. Anlived.-TheWiiiamPiele 8fromNewOrleans-thbjAldborough,from Rio Grande-the Admiral Boxer, from Calcutta-the Castries, from St. Lucia-the Calhoun and the Escort, from Newr York-the Vesper, from New Orleans-the Osmond, from Cape Town-the Abeona, from Canton-the Phoenix, from New York, with damage to post side, &o., having been ran into off the Banks on the 2d of Mlay by the Owego, from this port forNew York, which lost bowsprit, cutwater, c. LotDon, May 13.-Wind at noon. S.S.W.; light breeze, and cloudy. FAY_souri, May 14.-W.S.W. Off the port, the 3Maria, from Rio Granide for Hamburg-the Galatsea, from Lagos for Hiamburg-the Enchantress, from Rangoon for Antwerp-the Glorioso, from Calcutta for London. ST. McssixWs, April 28.-A mainyard and topmast of a large ship, covered with barnacles,w.vs picked up off Gal3ina Point and towved m here on the 19th. Several logs of American pine vere picked up near the coast prior to the same date. ST. AoxES CoAsTonAnD STATtOS, Co00M?vALL, 3May 13.-The foreyard, 10 feet long, half of a topsaiLyard, 38 feet, and a topsailgaff 28 feet long, of a steamer, drove on shore hero yesterday, apparently quite new, rcentlY painted black, and supposed to have been but a few hours in the water, and the vessel only a short time from port. |Gisnsess, May It-The steamer Leipsle, from Christianis for Hull, which ran ashore near Dimlington, has got off, and proceeded. STANLEY, FALrELkD Isr.A?-n xs, Jan. 26.-The Blanche, from Newcastle for Caldera, which sailed hence on the 15th inst. after repairing, received other damage off Cape Horn, and was putting back vith 4 feet of water il her hold, and her pumps disabled, and was put on shore in Berkeley Sound, drifted off, and went on shore on Kiduey Island on the 20th inst., and has become a wreck. GJtAVESEID, MAy 14. (By Sumapeaxz ANuD Barrrsan TxLnraru) (From Lloyd's.) Arrived.-The Alpha, from Guernsey-the Minden, from Gibraltar -the Iris, from Guernsey-the Tasmania, from CaUao-the Triumph. from Guernsey-the Remark, from the Mauritius-the Coringa, from Calcutta-the Citton Hall, from Trinidad-the Lady Buier, the Sutton, the Two Friends, and the Acorn, from,Guernsey-the Hero, from Launceston-the Lady Sandys, from St. Kitt's-the Sylph, from Caen -the Mary, from Guernsey-the Bordeaux, from Charente-the Alfred, from 3MarseiUes-the Telegraph, from Callao-the Prince Albert, from Guernsey-the Dart, from Ostend-the Europa, from Ssra-the Emerald, from Cadiz-the John Pink, from Dominea-the Caradoc, from Porto Rico-the Lutther, from the Mtauritius--th Isabella Jane, from Guernsey-the Deslandes, from Jersey-the Florenceandthe Orion, fromDfemerara-the Caroline, fromSaxkiobing -the Rteynard and the Elizabeth. from Guernsey-the Island Home, from Algoa Bay-the Ann and Sarah, from Alexandria-the SahC manes from Bombay-the Champion, from St. Vincenus-the Norwood, from Bombay-the Aurora, from Orden-the Utopia and the Gloriana, from Calcutta-the Wilberforce, from the Miauritius. MixY 15. 9.30 a.m.-Wind, W.S.W; tide. 4 hours' flood; fine. Arrived.-The Concordia, from Botterdam-the Baron Osy, from Antwerp-the Erl of Auckland, from Rotterdam-the Seme, from Boulogne-the Triton, from Calais-the Lord John Russell, from Dun. Iirk-the Glencairn, from Jamaica-the Reward, from Guernsey-the Ann Nelson, from Madras-the Switzerland, from Port Adelaide-thi Alida, from St. John's, New Brunswick-the Mary EUen, from Licata-the Moiiarch, from Calcutta-the Pauline Houghton, from the 2.fauritius-the Despateh, from Ceylon-the Alexander Wise, from Bombay-the Dreadnought, from Cape Town-the Thomas Hankey. jun., from Calcutta-the Arethusa, from the Mauritius-theNaiadfrom Jamaica-the City ofCalcutta, f,-om Calcutta-the Hopewellv fromBarbadoes-the Frederica Louise, from Buenos As-the Wif helmine. from Bassein-the City, from Christiania-the W. A. Platenius, from Dunlirk. Sailed.-The Sea Khig, for Sydney-the Somnauth, for Bombay-tha Golden Eagle, for Buenos Ayres. 1 p.n.-Wind, S.W. ; tide, 2j hours' ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Nmimroud, 'Ifrom Sydney-the Jaffer Garrett, from Lisbon-the Henry Winch, from Port Fairy-the Grecian, from Bal-ia -the Maria Arline, from Algoa Bay-the Baldar, from Alexandriathe Mariner, from Berbice-the Rambler, from Trinidad-the Rose Standish, from Caleutta-theLDorothea, Henriette,from St. John's,Xew Brunswick-the Pandora and ithe Susan and Mary, from Guernseythe Bury St. Edmund's, from Calcutta. Sailed.-The steamer Rhine, for Havre. 3 p.m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, 5houm' ebb ; fine. No arrivals. Salled.-The Sir E. Banks, for Calais-the steamer Pyenoord, fo: Rotterdam-the steamer Paris and London, for Paris-the steamer Dolphin, for Antwerp. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W. tide, 3 houm' flood; wveather, raining. Arrived.-The steamerDublin,fromBordeaux-the steamer Ranger, from Bremen. Sailed.-The steamer Adonis, for Rotterdam-the Wellesley, for Calcutta-the Witchcraft, for Boston-the Philo, for Bombay. DEAI MAr 15. fBY SUBmAcncxS A_-e B1u3sis Tn.roaac (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.na-Wind, W. ; fresh. Passed.-The Minden, from Gibraltar for London-the Ninrod, from Sydney for London-the Mariner, from Berbice for London-the Rambler, irom St. Jago for London-the Globe, from Matanzas for London-the Mary Hardy, from Barbadoes for london-the Lady Valiant, from the Mauritius for London-the St. Croix and the Camillus, from Barbadoes for London-the St. John, from savanilla for London-the Louvina, from Moulmein for Sunderland. Anchored.-The James. Holmes, from Lndon for Barbadoes-the Henrietta, from London for the South Seas-the Rival, from London for Mogador. Noomn-Wimd, N.W. strong and squaly. Passed.-The bark BLoseberry, from the Westwarl for London-the Radiant, from bMania for London-thebark Resolute, from the Westward for London-the Mary Russell hitford, from Bombay for 0lndon -the Glor3oso,from Calcutta for London-the CorneliusGrinnell, from New York for London (supposed). 2 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W. ; fresh. Passed.-Thel Trojan, from the Mauritius for London-the barks Eliza and GazeUe, from the Westward for London. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; moderate Arrived.-The Despatch, from the Westward for London-the Robert Mathews, from Mayaguez for London-the Youth, from Rio Grande for London. Arrived and Anchored.-The GoldenEagle, from London forMonte--ideo-the Somnauth,l from London forBombay-the Sea King, from Iondon for Sydney. Report of the ship Rose Standish, from Calcutta.-Feb. 16, in lat. 130 S., long. 59B., signaUed the Swedish bark Sir Robert Peel, 12 days from Akyab, for London; Mfarch 14, signaUed the British ship Winifred, 40 days from Calcutta, for London, in tat. 130 25, long. 44 E.; April 7, signalled the bark Tamar, 70 days from Bombay, for Glocester, in lat. 13 34 S., long. 5 50 W., amd on Equator, long. 22 W., signalled the third pendant 489, Swedish ship Pebara, and Swedish brig Loffsa; April 15, in lat. 2 30, louc. 23 5 W., signaUed the bark Ada, 26 days from Liverpool, for Callao; April 21, in lat. 10 5 N., long. I 30 W., the British bark Pioneer, 80 days from St. Andrew's Bay, for Glasgow ; Apil 25, in lt. IS B50 ., long. 30 W., the French shbi Hte, 56 days frem the Mauritius, for Marseilles. Vysras SProKE Wnr. Thebark James Turcan, from Bombay ior Glasgow, Feb. 12, in lat. 4 X., Ion.52B The sin Northfieet, from London for Hongkong, April 12, in lat. 2 N 24g FW. The brg Isabella, of Shorehana, from Coquimbo for Swansea, April 28. The Hindostan, from Rangoon for Cowes, in lat. 26 S., long. 55 E The ship Mermaid, Feb. 1. at the entrance of the Straits of Sunda. The Ernest Louise, from Liverpool forRio Janeiro, inlat. 2 N., long. SO W. The ship Duke of WeUington, in lat, 48 N., long. 8 W. The Napoloon IIL, from London for Sydney, April 12, in lit. I N., long. 21 w The Duchess of Northumberland, from Southampton for Adelaide, Dec. 10, in lat. 23 N., long. 26 W. IIIGH WATEtR AT LO.NDON-DRIDGE THIS DAR Morging ...... O min, after St I Afternoon ....., 5 min. after 11
LAW REPORT. COURT OF Q=UEEWS BENC GunmnAL. IAY 15. -40.TIG-;AX V. GOIDSIIDE. t'ji"l"Y s wr7zn rrzuw, Oeforc Air. JUsace YRL and CoMnMMA Jur&SA air. nia-ie and Mr. Plrentice appered fOr the Plaintiff; and Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and r. Quain for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Achille Montignani, was an Italian, and professor of languages in Cheltenham College ; and the defendant, Bernado Goldshede, was a bll discounter, living at Noh. 45, Halfonoon-street, Piccadilly. The declaration contained counts in trover ;ad detinue, antd aso a eount for the breach of a contract into which, it was alleged, the defendant had entered with the plaintiff on the Pth of-March lanst. Te agreement was to the effect that if the plaintiff vould renew a bill for 601., which he had dishonoured, ind would deposit 9!., and psv the balance, 5!., within two days, the defendant would deliver up bothe bhls, to the plainti f. The breah was that othe defendant had not delivered up the renewed bill. it appeared from the evidence given by the plaintiff that in the month of September last he wa in want of a sum of money, and was introduced by an Itaian friend, named Fillotti, to the defendant, to discount his acce tac A bill for 601., at three mnonths, was drawn by illotti, accepted by the plaintiff, ana discounted by the defendant, the sum of 91. being taken for discount, or at the rate of 601. per cent. per annum. This bill was renewed on the 3d of Decembr on the same terms, and it became due on the 6th of Marc last. Previous to that date the defendant informed the plaintiff that the moneynsust be pai, or -the bill renewed; and the plaintiff, being anxious, if possble, to' avoid the payment of such enormous interest, came uptoLondon, andsaw the defendant on the subject, on Thursday, the 6th ofarch, the daywhen thebilbecame due. The plain tiff had comeup to lndon with only IILin hispocket and, according to his statement, it was eventuayagree between Lim and the defendant that he should deposit the sum of9 W3 d ahogh renewed bither of fa0r w the defendant,and that if he (te plaintiff) olbringithie bala°nce (51.) onSaturday, the Sth te dfedan wuldgie u bth ils.The renewed bil, nd he91. wre ccrdigl gienon the same dlay, t,hed th tand on bnthe folowg day, trnhel7th, the plaintiff wlteth dalaefepndntif the su follown.lte i Prince-street, Hanover-square, 7-h3--56. tcher Monsieur,-Je serai c'hez vous demain de denx a. trois heures de I'aprds.midi pour payer le bij de 601. quo je vous sa renouvel1d hier, en espErant quo vous serez aSsez aimnable do consentir d. cels avec un tout petitsacrifice d'intdret pour mnoi. "1En attendant agreez, Monsieur, l'assurance do maes parfaities consid6rations. "Vetre servant, "1A. MONsuTGy.ANs" On thle following morning (Saturday, the 8th) the plain. tiff waited on the defendant with the 511., and t-endered him the money in banknotes andI gold ; but the defendant then said he had not got the bills, but, as he professed the greatest kindness and friendshipfor the plainitiff, 'he sad he would send a person and try and get them. The plaintiff was extremely anxious to get back to CIheltenham, -where his service were required, and the defenclant then told him that he could leave the money wvith his friendl Pllotti, and that he would call upon himn on the M1onday and give him the bills in exchange for it. The plaintiff accordingly left the money withi Piotti, and informned himi of the rragcmnt hic ha ben mde.On the Moen. day ollwin th defndat wotea letter to the plantif,encosng heoldbil, ndinforming him that he hd ben al da in he ity,buthe could not zuccee ingetingthene bil bck,andaddd So you must tak th wll or hedee." ilott alo aw hedefendant on the subject, and tol him of the arramgement which the plaintiff had mentioned, when the latter said he was very sorry he could not arrange the matter, but the holder of the bill would not consent to the arrangement. The plaintiff had thus in effect been compelled to suibmit to a forced renewal of the bill, at a high rate of discount., and it was for this retention of the bill, in breach, as alleged, of the defendant's caxpress agreemnent, the plaCintiff now sought to recover damages. The defence was that no such agreement had ever been made. The defendant was examined in support of this defence, and denied in general and in particular all that had been sworn to by the plaintiff as establishing his case. He said the 91. given to himn was in respect of discount for the renewal of the bill, and that, in fact, he lad never pro. mised the plaintiff to return the renewed bill. When the alleged promise -was mnade the old bill was not in the defend. ant' hads,hat as eldby bil dicouterin the city name Bejamn, wit whm te dfenanthaddiscounted it. enjain ws caled nd sp~~dthis statement, and saidtha whn te dfenantappiedto him on the 6th he agred o iveuptheol bil or nw blland a discount of 3., nd hatwhe he ecevedthenewbill with the 31. on te7h he the sam dla returned the old bill to the defendat It was co=edgth.t the probabilities of the case were in favour of the defendant, and it was urged that the plaintiff's own letter, in which he hoped the defendant vould be kind enouagh to let him take up the renewed bill at a trifling interest, supported the defence. Mr. JUStice EsRLE, in summing up the evidence, said, there being a direct conflict of testimony, it was for the juy to say whiceh side they believed, the plaintiff or the deyfendant. The substance of the plaintiff's complaint was that he was forced into a renewal of the bill with interest of 91. forf three mionths. The letter which had been read his Lordship thought was rather in favour of the defendant, but the jury must say whether the detailed account given of the transaction by th e plaintiff was a probable one -nuder the circumistances. They would bring to the consideration of th~e uestion their knowledge of the world, and say which sidel they believed. TPhe jur ahnost immediately foundl for the plaintiff- M[r. Justce ERLE said there would be a verdict for the plaitifffor 01.,on te unerstndin tha thecosts minus the costa of the action.. This was the last day of these sittings.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, GuJ;iALL, MAY 15. DONVlAUND V. THE SOUTIE-EASTERI1 RAILWAY COMPXNY. kl;auung as L-'? rrlus, OeJore Air. Sustice WTfLES arnd Common Jurilez. J in tihs case tee plaint-, a master carpenter, sought to recover compensation for an alleged injury sustained by him in a collision on the defendants' railway. The defendants paid o1. into court, and denied any damage to the plaintiff -ultra. Mr. Hawkins, Mr. J. Brown, and Mr. Bullar appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Byles and l1r. l'etersdorff, for the defendant. It appeared from the evidence that the plaintiff was travelling on the defendants' railway in December last when a collision took place. The plaintiff sustained no external injury, but alleged that since the accident he had experienced a loss of memory and was unable to go up a ladder as formerly, or properly to attend to his business. The plaintiff's witnesses were cross-examined to show that these failings in the plaintiff's health were to be attributed rather to anxiety of mind respecting his business than to the effects of the accident. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, damages, 251., in addition to the money paid into court, TREGALAS V. I'RNG. This was an action brought to recover the value of a coat, neckerchief, book, and travelDng flask, alleged to have been lost out of the custody of the defendant. Mr. Brewer appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Byles for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiff is a clerk in the War-office, and the defendant the landlady of the George Hotel, at BristoL On Sunday night, the 3d of February last, the plaintiff arived at the Bristol station by the night maiL and went to the defendants hoteL He swore that he carried his coat and neckerchief over his arm, and put them on a tableinaroom intheinn, and sawthewaiterremove them, and placethemon achair. Rewentto bed and next morningcould notfind his coat and other articleswhichwere in the pocket. On questioning the waiter, he said some other person must have taken them. The waiter said he recollected the plaintiff coming into the inn with a coat over his arm, and a carpet-bag in his hand. This, however, it appeared, must have been a mistake, as the plaintiff had no carpet-bag. A long correspondence ensued about the missingthings, which ended in the present action being brought. About three weeks ago the defendant bethought herself to have inquiries made at the railway station, at Bristol, about the articles; and it was discovered that they had been left on the platforn on the night in question, and had been taken into the lost luggage-offioe; and from that office the lost articles were now produced to the plaintiff for the first time, much to his own surprise and the amusement of the Court. lie was mistaken an supposing that he had ever taken them to the defendant's hote at al The jury of course found a verdict for the defendant. This was the last day of the sittings.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER THuESDAY. MLY 15. DRAWVN v R n VnnAPo lwangs (a alsb trtus,O effore Mh. Baron ANAARTw, at 4,i?dhnlJ I Mr. Hawlins and Mr. Joyce were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Collier and Mr. EL James appeared for the defendant. Both the parties in this cause are Germans, residing in Whitechapel, and dealing in foreign watches and jewelry. The plaintiff by his declaration complained that the defendant had maliciously, and without reasonable cause, given him in charge and imprisoned him for two days, on a charge of uttering a forged bill of exchange, and also for afterwards probecuting him on the same charge at the Old The defendant pleaded "Not Guilty" and a justifification. It appeared that the plaintiff and defendant having had dealings, the former fell in debt to thelatterto the extent of 10l , andgavehim as a securityforthe same abill of exchange for 101., purporting to be drawn by him on, and accepted by, Herman Hurtschfield, of 20, Duncan-street, Goodman'sfields. The simple pointin issue yesterday and to-day,-for the trial extended over the greater part of two days,-was whether when the defendant took the bill the plaintiff told him it had been accepted by a man bearing the name of Herman Hurtschfield who was known to both of them, or by another man of that name who, though known to the plaintiff, was a stranger to the defendant. In the one case the defendant would have been entirely without justification in preferring a charge of felony against the plantiff; while iu the other there would have been abundant reason for that step, which terminated in the acquittal of the plaintiff. The Jury, after a brief deliberiation, returned a verdict for the defendant; but, at therequest of the learne' Baron, assessed the plaintiff's damageg at 5. for the imprisonment of twvo days, in case the Court above shonld think the plea not proved. Verdict for the defendant This was the last day of the sittings after Easter Term I (Be,fore the Cnn BABON aiif COtt2flt; JIWZC.) The Court was occu^pied the vwhole day in disposing of causes which did not present asny points of interest to the| elast day of the sittings after aster Term.
* PREROGATIVE COURT, eTRISDAY. MAT ln. llERBERT V. HBERZT ANDJ I1RER8Ot 4DCTOrZ .,:r .J OHN: IMDROA . This was a busmess ot bringing into and leaving in the registry the letters of adc istration of-the goods of C. tain Herbert, late of Juflinder, in the East Indies, and of showug cause why it should not be revoked, and probate granted of a will dated the 16th of November, 188. The suit was promoted by Mr. G. E. Herbert, a brother of the deceased and the residuary legatee named in the will, against the 11ev. J. A. Herbert, the Rev. 1L H. Herbert, and nis. Mirehouse, brothers and sister of the deceased. The testator was a captain in the 46th PEegiment of Native Infantry, in the service of the East India Company, -and died on the 16th of November, 14, a bachelor. His personal estate amounted to about 4,0001. The will waspropounded in -an allegation, in which it was pleaded that n January, 1848, the testator was ordered from his own regiment, -then stationed at Iahore, to join the 1st Regiment of Sikh Infantry, then at Hoshearpore, upon a detached service, during the temporary absence of another officer. He remnamned with the Sikhn Ifantry untii November, 1848, when. on the return of theyproper officer,, the deceased quitted it for the pnupose of rejoining his own regiment. 'While he was on such detached service he was engaged in various sldrnnishes with the rebel troops, and particularly in a severe engagement which took place in September, 184, when, in his anxiety to p'ress the enemy, he fell several times, and much injured one of his arms, in which he had previously received a severe wound. His own regiment during the time he was detached proceeded to the Sutlej, and continued to be in actual military service until after the death of the testator. He left Hoshearpore on his Way to rejoin his own regiment, but on the 13th of November, 1848, on the urgent recommendation of the medical offEcer attached to the Sikh lRegiment, he proceeded in the frst instance to Jullinder, in order to submuit himselfto the esaumnation of a medical committee there sitting in respect to the fitness or propriety of his immediately proceeding to join his own regiment. On the 15th of November he Ysept at the house of a friend, with the intention of appearing -before the medical committee on the following day, and expressed his intention of making a wilL He caried his intention into effect on the 16th, te wil appearing in the fonn of a letter, addressed to his brother, Major Herbert. On the same day, while labouring under temporary insanity, he terminated his own existence, and the letter was not forwarded untl after his death. There were no attesting witnesses, and the question before the Courb was whether the deoeased was engaged in actual military service at the time he wrote it, so as to bring the case within the exemptions contained in the Wills Act as to the formalities of execution. Dr. Addaras and Dr. Twiss appeared in support of the will; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Twiss against it. The learned JUDGE was of opinion that the deceased must be regarded as in actual service, and therefore pronounced for the wll, and decreed the costs of all parties out of the estate.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Bninghazzt.e4, Maay 15, JUN IAihU kDINAND DE MUATAN (Before Mr. Com2lm oM0nCr EvANs.) Tne banicnspt was a merchant in Broad-street. He re. cently came up for a certificate. His Eo'roun now gave judgment. He said the certificate was opposed on the ground that the bainkrupt had traded recklessly, and had kept his books very badly. These charees had been established, but there had been no charge of fraud; and, taldng into consideration the period that had elapsed since he was made bankrupt, and also the late decisions of the superior court as to certificates, his judgment was that the certificate be adjourned for six months, and to be of the second class. Protection was granted. It was stated at the hearing of this ase that the bankrupt had borrowed 8,2001. from E. Eccius by means of open checks; but it was omitted to be given in evidence that the loans had been returned and that Mr. Eccius was not a creditor at the time of the bankruptcy. fl RE E. H. SPARI. The bankrupt was a hosier and glover, of ligh-street, Mr. I xr~rm~ applied, on his behalf, for a certificate, which wras opposed by Mr. MSAsos, who urged that the bankrupt had kept bed books and traded improvidently. He commenced with a capital of only 121., and in one year he came to this Court with debts to the amount of 8001. and assets barely sufficient, to pay the proceedings in bank. ruptcy. HLis Hoxoun awarded a second-class certificate, after six months' suspension. On the application of Mr. CHmLEx, a certificate of the second class was granted to T. Emerson, builder, Miltonstreet. IX RE J. EDIVARDS. The bankrupt was a watcbmaker of Southampton. This was the examination meeting. 3&. BAGLEY, for the assignees, said the bankrupt had not furnished sufficient information in respect of property of the value of C000., stated to have been abstracted from the bankrupt's premises by burglars. Mis HoxouR said the bankrupt must show the invoices for themissing watches and other articles, or he would never pass. Adjournment for two months accordingly.
POLICE. 3'SsOi-s-HsousE.-Thomas Turnbull, who on Tuesday appeared upon a summons to answer the complaint of Edward Bateman, the particulars of which were published on Wednesday, attended for the adjudication of the case by Sir H. MUGGERIDGE. Mr. Morgan, of the firm of luInphreys and Co., attended for the prosecution; Mr. BaIlantine, instructed by Mr. Wontner, for the defence. Mlessrs. Hurst, who were spoken of in the evidence upon ihe former occasion as having been concerned in detaning the goods which had been supplied to the defendant by the prosecator, were present during the investigation, but Mr. Bateman, upon being asked by Mr. Ballantine whether he had any charge to make against either of these gentlemen, declined the responsibility of preferring nywhatever. The evidence given against the deFendant on Tuesday having been read over by Mr. Goodman, the chief clerk-, andthe witnesses having severaliy sworn that it was accarately correct, Mr. Ballantine proceeded to crossesammne Mr. E3dvard Batenman. The substance of the crossexamination, which was extremely strict, was as folowvs - I adhere to what I stated about the defendant. I never became a bankrupt, but I made an assignment of my property for the benefit of my creditors. I owed nothing to the defendant, but I owed money to the Messrs. Hurst, and the defendant attended the meetng as Hurst's friend. Mr. Balantine.-Do you mean that you owed money to these two gentlemen whom you wanted to give into custody for larceny ? Witness.-I did not want to give them into custody for larceny. I wished to give them into custody for helping to conceal my goods. lr. Ballantine.-Now, how much do you owe to Mr. Hurst? Witness.-I do not know. I can't at all guess. Mr. Ballantie.-Now, try and guess. Witness.-I cannot guess until I know from my trustees whether he received his dividend. I suppose he received his dividend. MIr. Ballantine.-Are you so indifferent to a man whom you wished to give into custody? Witness.-Re might have received his dividend. It is impossible for me to say anything about it without my books, and asking my trustees. Witness continued.-I owed Mr. Hurst 901 when I became insolvent, He brought it to me about a week before I was insolvent. I paid debts with the money. It was not lent to me totake up a bill for W31., nor was anything said to me about that bill, and I was no' aware then that I was going to fail. I went to the defendant's office on the morning the goods were obtained. I did not ask the defendant to lend me 101. to take utp an overdue bill, nor did I say anything aboutj an overdue bilL I do not recollect that I said anything about an overdue biL Mir. Ballantine.-Have you ever paid back any of that 901. which you got from Mr. Hurst ! Witness.-I have no doubt my trustees have. Mr. Ballantine.-And you persist in denying that anything was said about an overdue bill? Witness.-There was a lot of talk, and there might have been something saidabout an overdue bilL (Laughter.) Mr. Ballantine submitted that it was ridiculous to attempt to ground a charge against gentlemen of high respectability, as the Messrs. Hurst were wel known to be, upon evidence which proved nothing but that the complainant had a very objectionable way of transacting business, and that, at the time he actually owed a large sun of money to them, he recompensed them by insinuating a criminal accusation. He admlitted that the defendant had proceeded in an irregular manner to obtain a partial restitntion for the Messrs. Hurst, and, as such a course could not be legally resorted to, the goods about which the dispute had been were in court, and the complainant wvas at liberty to take them. Mr. Morgan said, he had advised his client tf, stop the proceedings, upon condition that the property should be at once restored to him, in the belief that Mr. Turnbull, when he took the goods, lealy imagined that there was a ?ion4fidc claim upon Mr. Bateman. lMr. Bateunan said that Mr. Turnbull might have supposed that there was such claim, and consented to such compromise if the alderman had no objection. Sir HL MUGGERIDGE said, he had no objection to such arrangement as that jast proposed. It was obyious from the circumstances stated in evidence that the defendant considered that he was justified in the course he had adopted to save Messrs. Hurst from injury, but he certainly was by no means justified, and the testimony of the complainant proved that the transaction about the goods in question wvas to be wholly independent of any former transactions betwveen the parties. At the same time, the complainant was warranted in the means he had resorted to for the recovery of the goods. The goods were then delivered up to Mr. Bateman, and Mr. Tmrnbull was discharged. LiRLEnoRoUGs-sTnrEE.-John Ingram Owen, George Smith Owen, and Edward Owven were brought before Mr. B3u;G1HM for further examination, charged with numerous forgeries. A lady, named Edwards, was examnined to prove that the checks purporting to be drawin by a lady named Lloyd, since dead, on Mlessrs. Coutts and Co., and an order for a checkbook were forgeries. This witness proved that she formerly lived in Sloane-street. Two of the prisoners formerlv lived iniher house, at the same time as MIISS Lloyd, and this circumstance gave them an opportunity of ascertaining that Miss Lloyd was a lady of property and kept cash at Coatts's. The amount of the forgeries on Coutts's is about 6001. A fresh case connected with the London Joint-Stock Bank was gone into. A check for 661., purporting tobe- drawn 'by Mr. Harris, of Goodman's-fields, was presented at the bank by a lad who had been employed by George Owen to make the attempt on the bank; but one of the cashiers, Mr. Saunders, doubting the genuineness of the signatare, causedthemiessenger to be detained. The sender of the check ras not to be found at the appointed place. The prisoners were further rem7aded, in orderto give time to cornplete the de,ositions, wLich are very lengthy, until next Thurtsday. The reporter was requested in ack;nowledge the receipt of l. from "A. B.," for the use of *Mary V'Donald, who was given into custody by Lord Raynham for begging. Tb, money will be forwarded to her. Wmzs sSTER.-Jane Evans, nmowr among the beggingletterfraternity as the Dowager Duchess of Westminster; was on Wednesday broug'ht up before Mr. AaiyoLzD, charged 'imth endeavouring to obtain charitable contributions fom Lord John Thynne, of 101, Eaton-place, by means of a beg. aigletter. -lHis Lordship stated that, on the 122thinst., his servant brought him a letter which was left by the prisoner. H6 did not see her on that occasion. He read the letter, vwichb purported to have been written by the Rev. Mr. Rowsell incumbent of St. John's Chapel, CamberwelL [Thr letter was here producedL It was dated from CIarendon-lodge, Camberwell, and the contents were to the effect that a person namned Edward Randell, who was formerly the landlord, of the White Hait Inn, Cardley, Wilts, and was known to his (the Rev. Mr. Rowscll's) brother, who is the incumbent at that town, died, leaving five children, and that the 'widow requested some assistance to enable her to bury him. The register of his death was produoed, which purported to be signed by the registrar, G. H. Massey, and w ch stated that he died of bronchitis.] The noble Lord statedthat he had some doubts as to the truth of the statement contained in the letter-only a few days previously he waS imposed upon by a begging-letter, and he wrote to the supposed Rev. Mr. RowielL Mr. A:iSoLD.-Did you address the letter to Clarendonlodge? Lord Thynne replied that he did not, as he thought it might get into the hands of the prisoner or her wssociates. He directed it to the Rev. Mr. Rowsell, incumbent of St. John's, Camberwell. Be had ascertained that there was no clergyman of that name at Camberwell, but that there was a Rev. M1r. Eowsell, incumbent of St. Stephen's, Stepney. The letter reached that gentleman, andhis Lordshipreceived a reply the same day, in which he was inFormed that the account in the prisoner's letter was untrue. Shortly after the arrival of the letter the prisoner brought another letter. lThe contents of this were to the effect that his Lordship had not replied to the first letter.] T'he nloble Lord said that upon the prisoner calling he saw her. He observed to her that the second letter was in the same handvwriting as the first. She answered that it was vritten by Mr. RowselL Hethen sent for a policeman and guve her into custody. Mr. AnsioLD said, he should remand the prisoner, and directed that information of the prisoner's apprehension should be forwarded to the Mendicity Society. Shortly after the prisoner was locked up Webb, an officer of the society, having heard of her examination, went to the lock-up to see her, and immediately identifed her as a notorious begging-letter impostor. He said he should have other charges against her. lfr. AIoLnD remarked that these impositions seemed to be carried on to a great extent, and he hoped that publicity would be given to the present case. The prisoner was remanded till M1onday. Prisoner's husband only came out of prison on WVednes-. day, where he had been three months for begging. TA'rs.-Yesterday afternoon, soon after 4 o'clock, Inspector Gernon, of the H Division, informed Mr. SELI.E that he had a Portuguese seaman, named BernardO Henriquer. in custody, for stabbing Vusilia Caligar, a Greek seaman, who was not expected to survive many hoUrs. HIe then putin a medical certificate, of which the following is a copy:- " London Hospital, May 1. "Tbis is to certify that Vusilia Caligar was adsoittedinto this hospital on Hlay 15,1856, with two incised 'wounds in the abdomen, and that he is in very great danger; therefore it is necessary that the depositions should be taken directly. "Jo=N B. Ros,, House Surgeon. Mr. SEI.FE directed Inspector Gemon to convey the prisoner to the London Hospital, and he would proceed there an once and take the deposition of the injured man. On the arrival of the magistrate, with Mr. Bowdler, the second clerk, and Mr. Livinston, the chief usher, at tho hospital,Mr. Ross waited onMr. Selfeandsaid, theunfortunate patient was too feeble to speak, and he could not 'give his evidence at present. The magistrate then retraced nis steps to the police-court, and the prisoner, a savage, coarse-featured man, was arraigned in the felons' dock. MIr. Idildols, n surgeon, w.as sworn as interpreter. Inspector Gernon said, he took down the following statement of the wounded man in writing. The man's words -were translated by Mr. Mildola - " About 12 o'elock this day Bernardo Henriquez came to the lodginghouse of John Seymour, Wellelose-square, and without making any motion took out something like X knife and gave me a stab in the side. The man brought before me at the hospital is the same as gave me the stab." (Signed) "-AJRAi :Mn)OLA. " Witness, H. Gernon." A Spanish seaman was called, and, in broken English, stated that many foreigners were playing at cards in the kitchen of Seymour's lodginghouse. The prisoner began quarrelling with some of them and wanted to go downstairs. There was a door closed against I;im, and the prisoner and another man knocked at it and attempted to force it open. The man with the prisoner strack witness on the nose with his fist, and the prisoner took a dagger from his sheath and plunged it twice into Caligar's belly. The prisoner saidnothingwvhen he plunged the daggerinto Caligar's belly. The wounded man ran awaygwith his bowels protruding and the blood gushing forth, and soon fell. George Cox, a police-constable, No. 138, H, said he was sent for to Seymour's lodginghouse, and discovered the prisoner concealed behind the door in the kitchen. There was a sheath for a dagger fastened round the prisoner's leg inside his trousers. The foreigners would have klled the prisoner if he had not kept them back with his stat Police-sergeant Foay, No. 7 H, said, he made search for the dagger with whichthe wounds were inflicted, and found it in a dark corner under a sink. It was a new one. IMr. SELFE told the prisoner he had better reserve his defence, and remanded him. ILA ssnET-Mr. ErTroTT, with the chief clerk and second usher, attended at the committee-room of lIorsemonger-lane Gaol, for the purpose of tal-ing the evidence against Robert Everest aiksEvenneut, alias Humbett, and George Brown, prisoners in custody at that prison on two charges the srst withstealing from the bedroom of Mr. Skinner, the landlord of the Zoological Arms heerhouse, in tenton-place, Walworth, about 15g. in cash and other property; and the second ferna robbery at the house of MWr. Knott, in Sutherland-square, 'while the family were at church, and after one of them had induced the servant to take a walk w ith him. Among the 'witnesses examined was the young woman, Lucy Constable, who was the service of Mr. Enott at the time of the robbery, and who it will be recollected inficted a deep and dangerous wound on her throat on discovering the robbery, and the maner in which she bad been duped. She gave her evidence, as she did on Tuesday last, vith much frankness and truth. She clearly identified both the prisoners, Everest and Brown, as the persons whom she had seen a fortnight before the robbery. who had also called on her again on the following Sunday evening, and Everest, as the person who had called on and taken her for a walk on the evening of the robbery. The witness Mary Brian, who had been examined previously,addedsomeimportantparticularstohertestimony. This witness had seen the prisoners on the two Sundavs preceding the robbery, and spoke positively to their identity. She now added that between 7 and 8 o'clock on the evening of the robbery she saw a person, w hom she believed to be the prisOner Brown, come out of the house of Mlr. Knott, and not dosing the door after him, and so strong was her impression at the time that she looked for a moment or so to see hisformercompanion followhim, but no other person came out. In reply to a question from the Magistrate, The witness said, she had scarcely any doubt that Brown was the person she hadseen,as she had observedhim,whenhe turned round at the gate, as if taldng leave of or speakdng to some one in the house; but she did not like to swvear positively that he was the man. Sergeant Coppin, who has the case in hand, informed the magistrate that in the month of February last, when both robberies were committed, the prisoners lived together at 14, Elixabeth-street, Walworth, and called Hannah Thorongigood, who said, that about seven weeks ago (the prisonershaving absconded from the place immediately after the robbery at Mr. Knott's) she was employed by the landlord to clean down thehouse,14, Elizabeth-street, and in one of the grates she found a great number of pawnbrokers' duplicates for property recently pledged. Her ouriosity led her to look over some of them, and she found that they were for watches, jewelry, cloth, and other valuable property, but the names of the pawnbrokers wre burnt off and believing them to be useless without the pawnbro;ers' names she threw the whole of them into the lire. The evidence having elearly established both chares; the prisoners, who merely denied their guilt, were fully committed for trial. The prisoner Everest, it appeared, had, before the passing of the act to do away with such places, been for some time the manager of a "list" or betting house, in Long-acre.
TITE RBTURN OF THE FRENOB ARMY. We extract fromn the Presse dVOriett of the 1st. inst. the following letter, dated Kamniesch, April 27:- "O Our .t becomes daily more animated. The evacmstion o2 cl ea active divisions commenced immediatelyafterthe %stb3t:h of liberated soldiers had sailed. It was at firsi -nted that the ships of the fleet should convey the amy back to France, but it was subseqiuently decided thaA the s*ndid clippers chartered by the Government ad the 1-zvant packets should participate in the operation The oanvalescents are to take passage in separate vessels, and pre. cise orders have been issued to admit them on bosard only a certain number of days, after they have left the depOt, so as to avoid all danger of relapses during the passage. The second corps, commanded by Marshal Bosquet, is to talke the lead The 7th regiment of infantry, of the brigade of General Dumont, has already sailed. The first battalion of foot Chassears, which, with the 1st regiment of Zouaves, completed that brigade, is now being embarked; and to-morrow the 27fh and 64th regiments of the brigade of General Puibuseu.e are to go on 1board, so that in two or three days the Nwolo of the first fdivision of the second corps of the army, commanded by 'General Vinoy, will have rca.ched the Bosphorust A strong ,detachment of engineers ad about 3,OO horses are likewise beingembarked. A reramunting cormmission is buying up all the offioers' horses fit for service, to distribute them among the regiments of cavalry and the waggon train. This measure will tend to acoelerate the conveyance to lamiesch of the immense ioat6ric still remaining in the camps, the parks, and even on some points of the trenches. During the most active period of the siege, the high road never was so encumbered -with vehicles and horses as '.t present. The horses deemed unfit for servce are slaughtered, and the flesh of the healthy animals is eaten. In the camp ererybody impatiently awaits hEs turn. Hunting excursions in the interior are the principal diversions of the officers. The freqlent visits of Riussian officers also afford them some -recreation. The officer-s of the staff, artillery, engineers, and cavalry are generaly welleducated gentlemen. The s2me, however, cannot be said of the officers of the line. 2Many of them, after copious libations, entertain too Eastern a notionof hospitality, and make themselves too much at home. We are, consequently, obliged to send them back to thelr.quarters. The English and French officers who visit the Russian camp frequently extend their excursion to Simpheropol and Bakshiserai. I attended a few days ago a splendid breakfast given here to 12 Russian officers, five of whom hold a superior rank in the army. 3fany toasts were dnunl-, after which they wanrly pressed their guests to visit them within their lines. One of them, however, requested the French officers to delay their journey, .as Simpherolpol and Bakshiserai are at this moment Infected with typhus fever. Those officers admitted that the condition of the Russian army was truly deplorable, and that it w-as indispensable to make peace on any terms. The Emperor Ulexander, they said, was so determined on putting an end to the war that, after accepting the fourViennapropositions, he issued orders to breaksup the army and station the different corps as close as possible to the magazines from which they drew their supplies. These military movements were effected in the month of March, and were attended with serious losses to the Russians. This is not to be wondered at when we remember the frightful snon-storms vwith which we were assailed at that period. The Russians are astonished to find us lying under canvass, and cannot understand how we were able to endure the rigour of iinter. 'Ve men of the North,' they say, 'could not have borne the cold under such a shelter. We require either woodenhuts or holes underground.' We have now before us only a small body of troops, who are to occupy the different points, according as we evacuate them. Eupatoria presents nearly the same spectacle as Kamiesch. The officers of the two armies daily exchange civilities. There, also, the Russians have but few troops. A single regiment of the Cossacks of Count Orloffis quarteredin the neighbourhood, avwaiting our departure to take possession of the place. The Ottoman garrison is ordered to Constantinople. As to the splendid cavalry division of General d'Allonville, it is almost certain that it will proceed by land to Kamiesch, where it can be more casily embarked. General Liiders does not, it appears, object to this arrangement. It is also said that a regiment of Dragoons and another of Hussars are to retLun to Franee dismounted, their horses having been purchased by the Turkish Government for a regiment of Cuirassiers in progress of formation. The Tartars of Eupatoria are apprehensive of being transported to Siberia or Kiatkha after the evacuation of the Crimea by the allies. Several Spanish officers, belonging to the artillery and the engineers, who followed the operations of the campaign have left the Crimea. Previously to their departure they presented Marshal Pelissier with a splendid sword, mannfactured at Toledo. The blade bears an inscription expressing their gratitude to the Marshal for the attentions they received from him and from the officers of the French army. The report of the evacuation of Kinburn is unfounded. The 95th regiment continues to occupy that position, and is not to leave it until Eupatoria and the plateau of Cher3onesus are evacuated. The sanitary condition of the garrison is excellent." Wc reacl in the Co,-rrier (le larseilles of the 13th inst. : " At no period of the expedition to the Crimea did our port offer a more animated and interesting aspect than at present. Our troops are returning in masses. To-day an entire division Landed. This morning the 6th, 7th, 31st, and S2d regiments of the line, and a strong detachment of the 3d regiment of engineers disembarked simultaneously. An immense crowd watched the spectacle from the quays and piers, and on the passage of the battalions they saluted their glorious banners with acclamations. The eagle of the 7th regiment, escorted to the Hotel des Empereurs by a company of Grenadiers, had the honour of the day. The colours of that regiment were among the first planted on the Malakhoff Tower, and bore the glorious marks of the sanguinary trinmph which decided the fate of Sebastopol. Last evening the liners Jean Bart and Tomrville anchored before the Chateau d'If. This morning the ship Duquesne joined theni, and the steam. frigates Labrador and Darien, and the Levant packet Assyrien entered the port of La Joliette, all full of troops. Whiile the latter landed from the frigates a flotilla of boats, towed by the Chacal, brought into Marseilles the men who returned in the three ships lying in the roads. The sanitary condition of our regiments is all that can be desired. The packet Mersey, -which arrived yesterday from Constantinople, brought home Generals Vinoy, Puibusque, and Wimpfen." The same journal contains the following intelligence fromthe camps .- " CA VALAIRE, 7TH INST. "The works are nearly terminated. Three landingplaces have been constructed. The adjoining roads, impracticable a fortnight ago, are now broad, even, and may be travelled over with perfect security. The ovens now in use can bake 14,000 rations of bread per day. Others are being built, so that in a few days the bakery at Cavalaire will be able to supply the wants of between 2S,000 and 30,000 men. To-morrow and on the following days troops are expected, -vith 1,200 horses. We received yesterday the visit of dGeneral Rostolan, wvho was highly pleased with the works and the topographical situation of the camp. After stopping with us a fewv hours, the General embarked in the steamer Eclaireur, on board of which he had arrived. " PORQUEROLLES, 7Tvr. "The men of the division of General de Faily are being zapidly embarked for the continent. Three thousand men with the General, have already left the island. General Buisson has also left us Independently of those troops 3,500 liberated soldiers, who arrived at the camp a week ago, have taken their departure for their respective homes. I forgot to mention that on the 4th a battalion of the 59th Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Charmet, had landed here from the continent to perform duty in the camp_ "STE. MARGUERITED, 7THr. " The large hospital erecting here -will be soon ready to receive the sick of the army. " The canitary condition of tfe three camps continues excellent.5
THE ]LswE Sm CHAxES HoTlu-Y esterday appeared a- official copy of the despatph written by the late Sir C. Hotha to the late Sir W. Molcgworth (the Colonial Secretary), en-dosing his speech at the 4opening of the LegisJative Council cf Victoria, on tho 22d of November, 1855, 'viath the addrecs to it. To this is appended a copy of the espatch announcng the death of Sir C. Efotham, and the account of the funral follows. It is melancholy to be renaznded by these ;Rers that withina bashe! interval two su4n men as Sir V 3Zolesworth and Sir C. IIotham should both have been rampved by death, and her valuable ser,ri~eslost for ever to-the colonies of Grea-tB tin The presen-t Colonial Secretay, Mrx. Labouchaere, ina acknowIedg the snes of ir C. Hotham's decease .(or,the 11th nlt.), cannot refrain from iccordmng the satisfactiep which it was lEs intention to havy .epressed at the spe c of the late Governor of Victoria, sad also of the clear ando.- prehensive summary of fln1ial policy contained in the despatch-a policy which appers (writes the Colonl Secretary) to have been 4MAended with the most beneficial renoLts to the colony. The melancholy deApatch a,n*ouncing the death of Sir Chafes Hothaan is renderda sti )llore melancholy by its bei.- adjressed 4unwittingl) to sir W. Molesworth,,who had aready pure away. The mourning for Sir C. Hotham in the colony Was universal, and a public funeral was affectionately insiste4 on, in opposition to the expressed wish of the deceiewd, The simple V,eornt of the fr,neral iS deplr affecting.
.NAYAL AI%5D MLITARY INTELLIGEYCE. gw Tht eamn transport Victorir, No. 72, T. Thornhill commasler, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the Etzt. She left Constantinople, April 28; Renkioi, 29th)alta, May 3; Gibraltar, May 9; bringing Captain Bent, R.&, in miilitary chargo of invalids; Captains Saunderson and Renny, RLA.; Captain Swetenham, 54th Regiment; Lieutenant Hemecken, of the British German Legion; MEr. Brabazon, civil surgeon, in medical charge of invalids; SurgeonsHowardandMason; Mrs. Mason; Acting-Assistant-Surgeon Henderson (Staff); Acting-Assistant-Surgeon Stewmart (Transport Corps); Dispenser Thompson; Veterinary Surgeon Rollings, R.A. ; Rev. Mr. Sabm, chaplain; Mrs. Sabin, and servant; Rev. Mr. Pyddoke; Mr. Steele, clerk, War Department; two officers of the Polish Legion; Mr. W. Ddany; Superior Moore and one Sister of Mercy; Mr. I. Allen, clerk (Transport Corps); Mrs. Rogan and two children; Mrs. Hughes and two children; Mrs. Moore, 266 invalids and orderlies, 92 non-conmmissioned officers, soldiers, and naval invalids, 17 civil artisans, one hospital nurse, and one man from the convict establishment at Gibraltar. Her Majesty's ship Orion, 91, Captain Erskine, left the fleet at Spithead on Tuesday night, with four mortarvessels in tow, for Plymouth. Her Majesty's ship Cruiser, 17, Captain the Hon. G. S. Douglas, went into Portsmouth harbour on Tuesday evening to be paid off. Her Mlaiesty's paddle sloop Gorgon, 6, Captain R. B. Crawford, wvent into Portsmouth harbour on Tuesday to coal. Her new commander joins this day. Her Majesty's ship Edinburgh, 58, Captain Hewlett, C.B., left Spithead on Tuesday evening for Plymouth, with two mortar-vessels in tow. Her Majesty's steamer Blenheim, 60, Captain W. H. Hall, C.B., went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday. It is reported she wiU be the depOt ship of the steam reserve again. Her Majesty's paddle sloop Geyser, 6, Commander Power, left Spithead yesterday morning for the westward, with two mortar-vessels in tow. Her Majesty's screw corvette Archer, 14, Captain Heath. cote, left Portsmouth yesterday on a cruise. The troopship Burlington, 800 tons burden, arrived thi; morning off the new pier at Woolwich Arsenal from the London Docks, and at 2 30 p.m. embarked tw o companies of the Royal Artillery for Malta and Corfu. Captain Inglefield's company, for Malta, consisted of (the Captain proceeding overland) Lieutenant Light, Lieutenant Moore, 1G non-commissioned officers, 140 gunners, and2 trumpeters. Major Biddulph's company, to be stationed at Corfu, takes out the following officers and men:-namely, Major .M'Kenzie (in the absence of Major Biddulph), Lieutenant Saddler, Lieutenant Kairns, 140 gunners, and 2 trum. peters. Dr. Evans, Staff-Surgeon, takes the medical charge of the two companies on the passage out, and will be attached to the company in Corfu. The whole of the women and children belonging to the two companies, numbering upwards of 60, have been granted berths on board the Burlington, with rations to a portion only. She vill leave her moorings for sea by the first tide to-morrowi morning. She takes out a considerable cargo of Government stores and some cases of powder from Woolwich Arsenal. The transport-ship iMinden, arrived at Deptford with invalids from the Crimea, is discharging arms and ammunition, which are being conveyed to the stores at Woolwich ArsenaL An Admiralty order has arrived at Sheerness for the four afternamed gunboats,-the Shamrock, the Seagull, the Lively, and the Thistle, to be attached to the Porcupine, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-Com mander George M. Balfour, and the Merlin, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Captain Bartholomew Sullivan, C.B., for assisting as surveying vessels. They are to be officered and manned by the Porcupine and Merlin, and to be borne out on their books. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-J. D. M'Crea to be Commander, to the Algiers; W. H. Phipps to be Lieutenant, to the Algiers; T. C. Bounce to be Lieutenant, to the Sanspareil; Richard Wells to be Lieutenant, to the Duke of Wellington;, James E. Beckford to be Lieutenant, to the Imp6rieuse; C. G. F. Knowles to be Lieutenant, to the Prometheus; Robert B. Beale to be Lieutenant, to the Edinburgh; Richard Dawkins to be Lieutenant, to the Esk; A. P. Arkwright to be Lieutenant, to the Royal George; William Wood to be Surgeon, to the Rodney; Horace H. Smith to be Surgeon, to the Acorn; William J. F. Butcher to be Master's-Assistant, to the Osprey; George Morice to be Master's-Assistant, to the Acorn; William C. Fairbairn to be AssistantSurgeon (confirmed), to the Tartar; Henry Eales to be Assistant-Surgeon, to the Royal Marines, Woolvich Infirmary; John C. Robertson to be Assistant-Surgeon, to Plymouth Hospital; Colin M. Dundas to be Naval Cadet, to the Monarch, for disposal John F. Boultbee to be Naval Cadet., to the Monarch, for disposal. At the monthly examination of officers for promotion and of candidates for entry into the service, which terminated yesterday at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth, the following passed :-Mates, R.N., for Lieutenants.-R. J. Stotherd, J. S. Keats, B. J. Cooper, D. Stewvart, G. A. Brett, R. W. D. Aoercromby, J. B. Vivian, and H. Campbell. For Masters, R N.-J. Mallory, A. F. Gibbons, J. S. Watts, J. H. Terry, and R. J. N. Pearce. For Naval Cadets.-A. C. Littleton, T. P. Gordon, J. Fellowes, H. D. Evans, C. J. Whitelock, H. G. Hesketh, and A. Masters. For Lasters' &ssistants.-T. M'Kinnell, W. J. Taylor, and B. Harding. For Marine Cadets.-C. J. Martin and W. Younghusband. Four of the above are from the Preparatory Naval Establishment of Mr. T. Eastman, R.N., Southsea. The half-yearly inspection of the Royal Sappers and Miners took place at Brompton on Wednesday by Lieutenant-General Sir John F. Bunroyne, G.C.B., R.E., Inspector-General of Fortifications. The whole of the Corps of Royal Engineers were: minutely inspected by General Burgoyne, who expressed himself to the ColonelConmnaudant as being highly satisfied with the appearance of this distinguished branch of the service. The whole of the subalterns off duty belonging to the depots at the provisional battalion, Chatham, have been ordered to attend the lecture given by Captain W. Nott, 8g3d Regiment, the Instructor in Musketry at Chatham, on the theory and use of the rifled musket, in order to qualify themselves for the course of instruction they will subsequently have to pass through. Colonel Henry Jervis, commanding the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, has received instructions to furnish from the several depOts under his command two captains, six subalterns, eight sergeants, and 120 rank and file, who are to proceed twice in each week to the raznparts at the rear of Chatham barracks, for the purpose of being instructed in escalading under Colonel H. Sandliam, director of the Royal Engineers' establishment at Brompton, and Major F. C. Hassard, R.E. The whole of the troops at Chatham barracks are to be instructed in these operations, in order that they may take part in the grand review at Chiatham in the ensuing summer. The following detachments,having completed their course of instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle, under Captain W. Nott, at Chatham, will return to do duty Nvith their respective depObs, and a fresh detail of men, selected from the regiments at Chatham, to undergo similar trainingviz., 52d Light Infantry, 53d, 61st, 64th, 70th, 74th Highlanders, 75th, and the 78th Highlanders. Forty-one privates, two corporals, and six sergeants, who have returned from the Crimea on account of wounds or sickness, left St. Mary's Casemate barracks, Chatham, yesterday morning, in charge of several non-commissioned officers, and proceeded to their respective homes, having been discharged fromd the army on the recommendation of a Chelsea Board. An order has been forwarded to Chatham, directing Colonel Jervis to furnish a detachment of officers, noncommissioned officers, and the most intelligent men,selected from various depots, who will proceed to the School of Musketry, at Hythe, for the purpose of qualifying them- selves as instructors in the use of the Enfield rifle, under Colonel C. C. Hay, the instructor at that establishment. A large party of Crimean invalids, to the number of 41, of whom 13 were from the hospital at Chichester, arrived at Strood yesterday afternoon by railway from Portsmouth, having disembarked from the steam transport Severn, No. 194, Commander Gillies. The Severn brought home 196 invalids, in medical charge of Second-Class Surgeon W. Poole and Acting-Assistant-Surgeon S. Job, the whole under the command of Lieutenant Brooks. The following officers also arrived Nwith the invalids:-Lieutenant-Colonel G. Macbeth, 6Sth Light Infantry; Lieutenant-Colorel F. C. Aylmer, 89th Regiment; Major C. Miurray, 42d Royal Highlanders; Captain R. Anderson, 56th Regiment; Cap. tain Armoy, Royal Artillery, besides several other officers who came home as passengers. On the an-ival of the invalids at the Strood terminus they were met by a fatigue party from Chatham, who assisted the sick and wounded to the ambulance-waggon in waiting for 'themL After the usual medical examination-had been made 17 were ordered into the supplemental hospital at Brompton, and one insane man to Fort Pitt; the remainder were sent to the invalid depot at S4. M=arys. A court-mart6al assembled yesterday at 9 a.m, on beard the Waterloo, flagship at Sheerness, to try Alonzo Rodd, private, Royal Marineg, late of the storeship Madagascar, for nulking use of abusive language and striking Mr. Isaac Harr{g, gunner of the third class, while in the execution of his duty, The case for the prosecution lasted three hours, On the prisolser being called upon for his defence he pleaded that he had no recollecticon of the charge biought against him, stating that he was very much in liquor at the time. Prisoner had been four years in the corps, and called Mr. C. Troughton Stepney de Michell, naval cadet of the Indefatigable, in support of his defence. The Court, after deliberating for one hour and a quarter, were of opinion that the charge against the prisoner was fully proved by the witnesses, and sentenced him to receive 50 lashes on his bare back with the cat-o'-nine-tails, and afterwards to be imprisoned in the county gaol at Maidstone for the term of two years, during which period he was to be kept at hard labour. An interesting experiment took place lately at the School of Musketry at Hythe, and one which must convince the most sceptical how deadly a weapon the present Enfield rifle must prove in the hands of men properly instructed in the use of it. Some condemned tumbrils and gun limbers having been lately procured from Woolwich, on Monday morning last one of each of these was taken to the target prac. ticeground; to the tumbril were attachedsix horses withriders made of framework, coveredwith canvass, stuffcd with straw; the whole the size of life. About the gun-carriage vere stuffed figures representing men unlimbering and bringing the gun into action. At a distance somewhat beyond 600 yards from the above a party, consisting of about 60 of the men under instruction at the School of Musketry, was drawn up in two divisions, the one extended in skirmishing order, the other supporting. One round was first fired by the front rank only of the skirmishing party. 'which may have consisted of about 20n men, and the result was that a bullet had passed through almost every horse as also through many of the riders and men employed at the gun. The support was then ordered up to reinforce skirmishers, and the whole fired three or four rounds in skirmishing order which completely riddled horses, riders, and footmen. The party was then closed on its centre and retired to a distance of above 800 yards, when volleys were fired at the supposed artillery, first by sections, then by sub-divisions, and finaUy by divisions, the whole with an accuracy perfectly, wonderful; in short, the experiment clearly proved that in the hands of well-skilled soldiers-men who, having been taught the principles of rifle-shooting theoretically and practically, have obtained a perfect confidence in their weapon-the Enfield rifle must prove more than a match for any field-guns of the present day. In consequence of the increased accommodation about to be required for the Artillery shortly to arrive at Woolwich from the East, the huts which have been occupied by the Tower Hamlets Militia were yesterday morning vacated, and the whole regiment, between 800 and 000 strong, took their departure for head-quarters at Bethnal-green. At an early hour on Wednesday morning the steamship Candia, with the 17th Lancers on board, was signalled off the harbour of Dublin, and in a short time after was moored alongside the hulk which has been placed outside the pier specially for this purpose. A communication was shortly after received by the General, and arrangements were promptly made for disembarking the men and horses. The Prince, river steamer, left Merchants Quay at 1 o'elock, for the purpose of returning with the dis. mounted men and baggage, while the mounted men will aslive in Cork by the Queenstown-road. The captain of the steamer has been ordered to land the meCa and baggage as nearly as possible to the terminus' of the Great Southern and Western Railway, andthe mounted men will probably draw up at the same place, preparatory to proceeding by railway to Cahir, to which place the regi. menthas been ordered. This gallant regiment bore a highly distinguished part in the principal cavalry operations in the Crimea, and at the disastrous charge of Balaldava was all but utterly annihilated. The 17th were for many years commanded by the Earl of Lucan (then Lord Bingham), who retired from active service about 23 years back, and remained on the half-pay list until his appointment in 1854 to the command of the cavalry in the East.
THE CARLTON CLUB. The following letter has been addressed by Lord Ranelagh to themembers of the Carlton Club:- " My Lords and Gentlemen,-I have placed the foaow. ing three resolutions on the board for the next annual meeting " ' 1. That this club was established for political purposes. " ' 2. That the political principles of this club, as establshed, were entirely adverse to those advocated by the present Government. " ' 3. That the presence in this club of gentlemen who have altered their political views and are members of the present Government (to which Government the Conservative party has been in direct opposition) is injurious to the interests* of the Conservative party, and is at variance with the principles upon which the club was established.' "I have noticed that personal feelings on subjects brought under the consideration of the club at the annual meetings not unfrequently interfere with the fair expression and temperate consideration of the views of the proposer of a motion, and those by whom he is supported. It has therefore occurred to me that I shal not only save myself from misapprehension, but also enable you to arrive at a more just conclusion, if I give the reasons wvhich have induced me to place these resolutions on the board in a form which admits of no mistake. "I think I may assert without contradiction that the Carlton Club was established for the furtherance of particular views. I think I may venture further to assert that, either from his antecedents or the careful inquiry of the committee, every nobleman and gentleman who has been elected has been deemed, and has actually admitted himself, to be of Conservative politics. " Do I state too much when t maintain that without that qualification he would have been inadmissible? "His acceptance of election, therefore, has been, on his part, an acquiescence in the known principles of the club. " I will not trouble you with a history familiar to yourselves, the cause of which events, originating with Sir Robert Peel, led to the formation of a party within the Conservative body, which assumed, or to which was assigned, the name of the ' Peelite party.' That party commenced its secession on a particular point of fiscal policy. Opinion was divided on that subject, and it was considered by many that the severance of particular gentlemen from the views of their party on one subject did not indicate an absolute and entire departure from the common purpose of those with whom they ordinarily acted in public affairs. I therefore, with others, deemed it expedient and only fair to await the moment when the Le"islature should settle that agitated question, in the hope that those whom an individual difference had estranged might return to the common aliance. I thinLk that such a course was -temperate on the part of those who differed from the seceders, as well as just towards them. " But I venture to think, considering the character of the club, its known political purposes, and the distinctness of their politics, that this was the fair limit of forbearance. " Even place or office under an actual Peeite Government (for the sake of fair concession) I include in the same category; for the same hope might be entertained towards the Pee ite party generaUy as might exist towards an individual member of it; but the fall of the Aberdeen Government brought about practicaUy, in the House of Commons, the extinction of the Peeite party. " To the Peelite party, therefore, to use their own language, two courses were open-the one to rejoin those from whom they were severed only by one difference, or to join those who had been, and are, the opponents of the Conservative party. ",There are members of this club holding office under the present Government; and I appeal to you if this is consistent with that which they either personaly undertook, or was undertaken for them, as the condition of their election here. If it is, my motion is unfounded and inopportune; if it is not, you ought to vote for it. At any rate, it is the ground upon which I have thought it my duty to place these resolutions on the board. " I shall exceedingly regret if any word of the resolutions, or any expression in this letter, should be supposed to extend to many excellent members of the party who, from temporary or supposed difference, have for the moment held aloof from the general views of the party. My resolutionsare directed against those alonewho,eitherby writing, voting, or stronger adhesion, have openly or in effect joined the party to which this club is opposed. " I am most umwiluing to obtrude myself on the special notice of the club or the party; but I do believe in the internal resources and strength of the Conservative partyif true to itself, and retaining its original purpose of vindicating the rights of property and the freedom of the people. "I have the honour to be, my Lords and gentlemen, your obedient servant, "RNELAGH. "Carlton Club, May 9."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMl3ES. Sir,-Observing in this day's paper a letter of thanks to you from a Frenchman for the restoration, by means of an advertisement in The Times, of a pocket-book containing a large sum of money and some valuable papers, I beg to convey to you a similar tribute of thanks from a private soldier of the 10th Regiment, recently returned from the Crimea. This soldier, whose wife and family were supported by the Central Association during the whole of his absence, lost his arm at the battle of the Alma, and has been rewardel with a pension and a Crimean medal. But a short time since he had the misfortune to drop his medal, unknown to himself, in the heart of the city, and after a 10 days' fruitless search in all the pawn-offices, &c., in London, all hope of recovery was abandoned. It was, however, suggested that an advertisement in The Times would surely heTp us to find it for him, and, to the poor fellow's infinite joy, the day after the advertisement appeared his medal was brought to this office, it having been picked up in the street by a little boy whose master saw the advertisement 3n your paper. I Yont nnn,,. mo. nhoAm;nrt corcn-mr H: L. POlvks, Maior- Chairman of MSoldiers' Infant Hlome. The Soldiers Infant Hlome, Rosslyn-park, HamUstead, Office, pro. tern., 9, Waterloo-place, Pa.-mall, Mlay 1o. LORD PANMURE AT MA2OLfEsTER.-The Right Hon. Lord Panniure, hlinister of War, has been spending a few days at the tesidence of hMr. Whitworth, engineer, at the Firs, near Manchester.- On: Wednesday his lordship visited Peel Park and the races, and dined aterwards with Mr.Whitworth, the MAyor of Manchester, and a few of the leading cit,izens at the Firs. Yesterday his Lordship was to witness some expceriments with MIr. Whitworth's new fieldpiece. Lord Bardige, the Commander-in-Chief, visited Mr. Wbitwvorth some days ago for a similar purpose. Tlhere is no doubt tha' this new invention in gunnery is destined to Iwlieve utesut hitiiert.D unhbeird of in field tBti1lery.
IBRELAND. (FROM OUR OWNz CORRE9PONTn DUBLIN, THURSDAY MonnsoG. THE TIPPERARY BANKE. 1\f. R. Deasey, Q.C., was beard yesterday on the part of the official manager, and against th, claim of exemption put in by the English sbl;ie_ holders. It is expected that the Master w52? give judgment this day; but from the tardinur of the proceedings so far it would be rash to kely on the realization of the expectation. YA. WlE SIDWE AND TM DRIBY rArTY. The London correspondent of thle Evening Mci supplies some information with respect to the recent unfortunate assault on the Pahnerston Government by the hon. member for Enniskillen which is both novel and amusing. The writer says,a 'Previously to the meeting of the Conservative party at the residence of Lord Derby hIr. Liddell sought an interview with that nobleman, and pressed upon his attention the extreme impradence of the proposed measure. Lord Derbyl and, I believe, Mr. Disraeli, there resented to Mfr. Whiteside the propriety of holding Ick ;?ut their representations were met by that gentleman with, I understand, very strong language :-' He would never again vote with the party if he was not supported, and on he would go, even though he should not have a man to stand by him.' Seeing this, Lord Derby had no option but to assent to the proceeding; but upon t e very eve of the debate another effort was made to stop it. An ap was made by Mr. Henley, Sir F. Thesiger, and Mr. Valpolo to Mr. Disraeli to interfere, which the right hon. gentleman declined to do, inasmuch as he knew any appeal to Mr. Whiteside would be futile." The writer then points to a parallel case in the days when the Conservative party could boast of Sir Robert Peel as their leader, and when, nevertheless, a similar rash movement by the outsiders was attended with similar results:- During the days of the Melbourne MNinistry a circumstance occurred quite analogous to the recent transaction in which Mr. Whiteside cut so conspicuous a figure; and, as the result of both proceedings was crowned with Ministerial triumphs, I will, vith your permission, narrate the facts, and leave your readers to point the moral of the tale. " The Melbourne Mlinistry of that day were suffering defeats upon minor points which shook them to their very centre, just as Lord Palnerston's Government were hourly losing ground until Mr. Whiteside rushed to their rescue. A deputation from the Conservative party of that day waited on Sir R. Peel to urge upon hhm the necessity of taking a ste p in advance, with a view of hurryinlg on the downfall of the Government. 'Let me alone,' saidthat wise tactician, ' andbefore a month I'rll put them out; but, if you at the present moment test the strength of parties by a vote of want of confidence you will succeed in fixing the Government firmly in office.' The deputation left, and, on further consultation, the party differed from their wise leader; and at a subsequent interview a conversation to the following effectttook place:- "Sir 5.-The Conservative party agree with you, Sir Robert, that the Government will be able to negative the vote of want of confidence, but by so smaU a majority that it will be equivalent to a Conservative triumphi' "Sir Robert Peel.-Since the passing of the Reform Bil large majorities must not be looked for, and this Ministry will remain in office with a very slender one indeed; and, under existing circumstances, depend upon it, any majority in their favour will not be equivalent to a defeat. But, as the great Conservative party who have done me the honour to place me at theirhead think that the time is come for making an onward move, and as it involves no sacrifice of principle, let te party take its own course, and you, Sir John Yarde Buller, shall move the resolution, and you, Alderman Thompson, shaU second it. I will myself support it. Sir Thomas Fremantle will send out a most ui gent whip, and I will caU the party together and advise tl:em to support the motion as one man. " That iniht Sir John Buller gave notice of his motion (the terms o# which Sir Robert Peel himself settled); the -hip was issued, the party caled together, the debate took place, and, on a division, the Government hadfor them-the respectable majority of 21; and Lord Melbourne's Administration, which, if Sir Robert PeePs piudent advice had been followed, must have falen to pieces within a month, had new life infused into it, and it continued to live on for two years-the same process of galvanism having been applied to their body politic that proved so successful in the hands of Professor Whiteside in the recent case. On that occasion the wouldbe leaders who urged on Sir Robert Peel appealed after the division to the fact that Sir Robert had settled the terms of the resolution, and that he urged the party to support it, in order to make it seem that the thought originated -with himself; but they suppressed all allusion to the fact that he warned the party of the danger they were incurring, and that he prophesied with the greatest accuracy what would, and what actuaUy did, occur. There were in those days wrisgings of hands at the Carlton as there are just nowthere were curses, not loud but deep, hurled upon the heads of those who originated tho false move-there are curses, both loud and deep, at present fuhninated againstthe devoted head of the representative for Enniskilen; and yet he talks of being ' envied.' There is not, and, despite his overweening vanity, he must know it-there is not, I repeat, so unpopular a person at present connected with the Conservative party as the gentleman who had the folly to boast that a Ministerial majority of 127 did not amount to a Conservative defeat, but, onthe contrary, was equivalent to ' a moral triumph.' One more such triumph, and 'thle fee of life will be eternal' in the Pablnerston Admninistration. "Great good, however, arose from the defeat of Sir John Buller. It gave Sir Robert Peel complete control over the party. Even the backsliders of that day admitted that a premature attempt to displace a Government was the surest way to keep them in office. Whether or no Mir. Whiteside will learn prudence from the lesson so dearly purchased on the night of Thursday, May 1, remains to be seen. " The division on Sir John Buller's motion is worth reprinting. On that occasion Ministers voted 303-the Conservatives 282. On Mr. Whiteside's motion the Government voted precisely the same numbers as on Sir J. Buller's motion-naniely, 303, while the Conservatives could muster only 170; and in their ranks could be found 10 Irish Roman Catholic members, thus leaving the available Conservative force (though by no means its actual numbers) at 100." THE FUNDS. Trtee per Cent. Consols, 924 g ; ditto, for account, June 9, 92 #; New Three per Cent. Stock, 92il ; ditto, Ifor account, June 9, 928 i- Rloyal Bank, 20 19; - Grand Canal Company, 3S. Railwvays.-Dubhin and Belfast Junction, 44s; ditto, for account, 444; ditto, Eighths, 6 per cent, preference, 7t.; Killarney Junction, l;9 Midland Great AVestern and Royal Canal, for account, i;W51 aterford and Kiilkenny, for account, 44.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMESE Sir,-I must decline for the future to notice Dr. Cunming's letters, the tone of which is thoroughly impertinent and unbecoming. And with regard to his letter of to-day I shall say but a few words. Whether Dr. Cumming belongs to the established kirk, or to its active opponent, the free kirk, I know not, but I submit that a Scotch Presbyterian is not qualified to lecture other people on the subject of unity. I must observe that the dispute between Mr. Drummond and myself lies, after all, within a small compass. The question mooted in the works of Liguori has reference only to a certain class of Divine laws-that is to say, positive laws. Nurm Papa possit dispensare in2 aliqtibuzs pmccejpti3 divinis ? For all theologians agree that he cannot dispense n things which are intrinsically matter of right and wrong. And, indeed, the established opinion of theologians-that of St. Thomas Aquinas, is-that God himself cannot dispense with the jus Divinu2m naturale, the rules of right and wrong -because to do so would be inconsistent with the Divine nature. As forthe passage cited from Bellarmine, it should be read with the context, and it only amounts to a strong and extreme speculative assertion of the infallibility of the Pope, solenmly deciding a question, a-s cathednt, by a dogmatic decree in the exercise of the infalibility promised to the Churchby Our Lord. If I mistake not, Bellarmine has been blamed by high authority for supposing such an impossible case, even in the course of argment, and by way of illustration. With regard to the quotation from the decree of Gratian, every one not utterly ignorant of the subject knows that there are multitudes of things in the decree which are not of any authority whatever, and that it is a collection of extracts put together by the monk Gratian, which compilation never received the authority of ecclesiastical law. Thc other points in Dr. Cumming's letter have been so often answered and refuted that I shall pass them over in silence. I will only add that nothing is easier than to extract from voluminous and highly scientific writers-such as the great theologians of the Catholic church, who sift every question with the utmost nicety and subtilty and the most copious illustrations and arguments, and who put every possible case and every view of each case, both practical and speculativepassages wllich, separated from the context, give an utterly false impression of the opinions of the author. One result of this ingenious process of misrepresentation is to produce a collection of what are vulgarly called "mares' nests," -which mislead the uninformed and excite the contempt of the learned. I beg the favour of publication for this letter, and remain Your obedient servant. GEORGE BOWYER. Temple, say 15.
FLOGGIG AT GRA-m3AR ScRooLs.-Considerable discussion and feeling have beenL excited at Bath on the subjEct of birching, arising out of a recent case in which one < f the foundation boys was flogged with a birch by the Rev. -E haclean, the head-master, before the whole school; for upening and breaking up the quarterly report of his conGuct given him to take home to his parents. A meeting of r arents opposed to the system of birching came to resolutions condeLmnatory of the practice, and appealing to the trustees to interfere; while another portion of the parents memorialized the trustees to leave the internal management cf the school entirely to the head-master. The trastees Lave accordingly met, and, after diseussing the matter ;ully, they came, by a small majority, to the following resolution "That in the opinion of the trustees the mode ef punfihnhent, by birching, or flogging on the slin, is not necessary to the discipline of the school, is very degrading to the indiv$cLual punished, and injurious in its influence upon the schooi at large, amid that the head-master be requested in future to subiMituto Eosne sther mnethod of enforcing discipline."
ASTLEY2,S A.IPHITHEATRE. Astley's, which jin the olden time used regularly to open on Easter Monday, after remaining closed throughout the winter, is the holyday theatre par excelZencG and, consistently with his vocation, Mr. W. Cooke, the lessee, has not forgotten Whitsantide. TheC Horse of the Cavern is the title of the last novelty. In this we make the acquaintance of a young gentleman who, having been brought up by a Neapolitan brigand and followed the profession of his adoptive father, is a very excellent person, in spite of these antecedents-or rather, we sbould say, on account of them-for the old brigand aid his wife are themselves models of all goodness. However, a brigand is still a brigand, and, as the Neapolitan Government obstinately chooses to regard the admirable trio in their professional capacity, without considering their domestic virtues, they are in constant peril from the officers of justice. Fortunate it is that the happy family have two friends. One is the :French Ambassador, whose acquaintance they make by stopping his carriage in the way of business, and detaiing his niece as security for a ransom. This may seem an odd beginning to friendship, so we hasten to add that the niece is taken back to the Ambassador in such a very handsome manner by the young brigand that the old gentleman is boundless in his admiration, and even attempts to afford the bold youth the protection of the French flag when the soldiers, led on by an apostate brigand who is the villain of the story, would arrest him. The other friend of the family is a horse that is always ready to take a fugitive beyond the reach of pursuers, and to do any useful office that may bo reqnired, his crowvning achievement being the rescue of his masters from a place of confinement, by first kicking open the door to let them out, and then kicking at the guards who attempt to foUow them. When numerous perils have been undergone, the young brigand proves to be the French Ambassador's son (lost in infancy) andmarries that gentleman's niece, while the old brigand and the band generaUy, are pardoned, on the ground that they purmued their lawless calling not from any vicious pro]esity, but simply because the Governnment did not pay them certain arrears due to them for military services. The brigands, thus being State creditors, not only accept the pardon in full of all demands, but, as a sort of make-weight, employ'themselves in assisting the peasantry of a neighbouring village to escape from the ravages of Mount Vesuvius. The eruption that takes place has not much to do vwith the story, which, indeed, is brought to a satisfactory conclusion before the first spirt of fire begins, but it serves to bring all the characters together in a fnal tableau, with flames in the background and a red glow generally diffused; and he who does not think this a sufficient motive knows very little of the construction of hippodrame. That the serious interest awakened by the fable may not prove too painfully intense, it is relieved by the pleasantries of a travelling alderman and his son, who have come to Italy on purpose to write a book, and assume the dress of brigands, that their own adventures may form part of it. Whether this episode is founded on fact the members of the corporation will decide; but, at all eveLts, we must own that, if brigands are such good people as are set forth in the new drama, the costume of the adventuro-ag mountaineer of Italy must be at least as resptable as the civic gown. let us not forget that the daring cockneys descend into the brigand's cave bymeans of a wheel wbich is turned by a horse placed inside, like a squirrel in a revolving cage, and lets down- a basket. This is a novel "effect" in addition to the whole stock of wonted effects introduced in the course of the piece, which altogether is a very good specimen of its kind. STAT} op TrAnE.-3A,CHFSTER, May 15.-There is no change in prices, and very little busminess was done, the bolydays and the yzceE interfering with busiless,
HER .AlJBESTS THEATRE. The aspect of this house last night g&ve every indicatioii Df a solid prosperity. Though of course there Was not tha excitement of SaturdaY, then al the world seemed inci spired with the ceremony of reopening the old establishi ment all the boxes were flled, and the stalls and pit loolked dosely packed and substantiaL In fact, the ancient custon of opera-going seems to be revived as a matter of course, an4 the fashionable classe settle down in their wonted place or resort as by alaw of natue The opera was R Barbiere di &Siglla, which most fit,ly follows Cxrentola, where daaame Alboni is the uling, vocalist. In both these works the principal female part ij written for the nz=o soprano register, and whereas for most other sixgers they require to be transposed ?adame Alboni realises with accuracy the intention ol the composer. And, certainly, never did she sing more delightfully than last night. If, on Saturday, her voice at; the beginning of the evening seemed to have lost a little o£ its pristine freshness, last night itwasthorougbly recoveredj and the whole performance was withoat a blemish, or even a weakness from beginning to end. One or her greatest achievements as Rosina is, her execution of the final movement of the duet with :garo, "Dunque ice son."' Eere she first gives the mnsic exactly as Rossini composed it, and then repeats it 'with her own embelIish, ments, so that the truthfulness and the fancy of the artist are alike displayed. lTothing could exceed the gush of note with which last night she astounded the audience wIhile singing this duet. They flowed forth as if dictated bhyasudden inspiration, and then she carried along her hearers on astresu of melody, perfectly effortless and unconstrained, as if th(3 ornaments she scattered were her natural mode of Utteri ance, and she could play with her power as fancy might direct her. A shout of "e ncore" followed the termination of the duet, and though Alboni is not generaly prompt to catch at demonstrations she could not resist an appeal so urgent and enthusiastic. In the scene of the music lesson she introduced Hummel's variations, and here again her executive ability was displayed to the utmost; Again did she warble forth a countless series of notes, ewch as perfect and defined as if produced by a delicate instrut ment completely under the control of the player, and each rich and full to a degree that no instrument but the human voice can ever attain. In responding to the demand for an encore she varied the performance by bringing in a soua voce shake, which was a c7hef d'ceuvrc of delicacy anA precision. Id. Belletti, having recovered from his indispositior, appeared last night in his old favourite character ot Figaro. l[e was warmly received, and with his excellent voice and careful execution gave a very edficient representation oE the character. .Almaviva was of course sustained by If. Calzolari, who sang in his firm even style, rendering vwitlz great neatness the florid passag-es of the composer. After Xosina's music the duet between the Count and Figarointhc. firstasetwas the bestthingof the evening. The Bartolo of M. Zucconi was respectable, which is all that can be said. Hea does not even attempt that humourous colouring which haS convulsed so many audiences with hearty laughter. The ensembcle was thoroughly successful, and at the fall oE the curtain all the principal simgers passed along the stage in. answer to shouts of applause.
HAYMIAREET THEA TWE. From the time -when Mr. Planch6 brought out his firsefc'riefasa'astiquc at the Olympic Theatre, then just rendereaT fashionable by the management of Madame Vestris, tha notion of scenic decoration has been inseparably connected. with the idea of burlesque, and every piece of the class that is not accompanied by dazzling accessories has a bald, meagre look about it. The audience who now wvitness themock-tragedy Tomn 2%umb, revived at the Haymarket. that a very little boy, named Bundy, may display his precocity as the diminutive hero, do not pro. bably imagine from how imposing a monument of Eterary labour the fragment which is presented to them has been detached. lNo schoolboy, in writing his Greek iasmbics, ever took more pains to constract them after received models than were taken by the great Fielding in. building up, within the compass of a few pages, a burlesque that should reflect the peculiar style proper to the tragedy of his own day. It was not a mere general satire, but there is scarcely a phrase throughout the whole that hasnot itspro. totype in some work once of acknowledged popularity. The: comment, written in a vein of irony, which accompanies theplay as published by Fielding himseL abounds in parallel passages which, originally cited to indicate the targets selected for the shafts of satire, now stand as proofs of the reading and the industry of thewriter. Thatbombastis style of tragedythat prevailed early in the last century waet attacked in detail, line by line, and only those who ara tolerably familiar with the stage language set in vogue by Dryden and his successors can fully appreciate the real talent displayed in Fielding's masterly burlesque. The lnes with 'wlach the King, theQueen, and the Courtier Doodle are first introduced, rejoicing at Tom Thumb's victory overthe giants, cannot be exceeded in characteristic pomp, and may be fitly quoted as a sample of the whole. "Sing.-Let nothing but a face ofjoy appear. The man who frov-ns this day shal lose his head, That he may have no face to froNvn withaL Smile, Dollabela. Ha, what wrinkled sorrow Hangs, sits, lies, frowns upon thy knitted brow 9 WVhence flow those 'ears fast down thy blubber'dI. Iclseeks, Iikeaswoll'n gutter, gushingthrough the streets '2" '"Qneen.-Excess of joy, my lord, rve heard folks say, Gives tears as certain as excess of grief. 'King.-If it be so let all men cry for joy, Till my whole court be drowned with their tears . Nay, till they overflow my utmost land, And leave me nothing but the sea to rule. "Doodle.-My liege, I a petition have here got. "King.-Petition me no petitions, Sir, to-day; Iet other hours be set apart for business, To-day it is our pleasure to be drunk." N'o less than five or six plays are indicated in this shorf extract, which, placed by the side of Dryden's Conquett ojf Granada or Lee's Alcasderde the Grcat, will scarcely appear a caricature, so much were our great grandfathers accustomed to regard as sublime that which, without hesitation, we should now all unite in declaring undisguLedly ridi. culous. Indeed, the haughty answer with which Tom Thumb repels the King's gratitude is so completely in the tone of Almanzar (the hero of the Cona quest of Granada)< that, had it not been made ludicrous by the smallness of the speaker, it would certainly have been applauded as redolent of trb"ic sublimity. "ltMien rm not thank'd at all I'm thanL'd enough, "I've done my duty, and I've done no more." Who, however, cares, or even knows, now-a-days, any. thing of the B3usiris of Dr. Young (himof the "NipgThougUts"), the old SopLosisba of Tee, the new Soplio. n isba of Thomson, the.-Earl of ssex of Bankes, kec. ? They are all passed away, leaving scarcely their names behind them, save in the memory of some pertinacious ransacker o£ bookstalls who is willing to save even post-Elizabethaxa tragedy from the butterman and the trunkmaker. When the thing satirized has become obsolete, the poine. of the satire does not quickly reach the risible faculties, as many a student of Aristophanes or Rabelais has foumd to his. cost. Hence Fielding's Ton Th7usub, presented as originally published, would nowafford but small occasion for merrim ment ; and even the condensed form to which it was reducec by Kane O'Hara, and in which alone it now retains x theatrical existence, appears but a silly story all about; nothing; nor do the short comic songs with -which the adapter enlivened the blank verse greatly increase itE; effectiveness. Burlesque, unadorned, unbrilliant burlesque, was an offshoot of the highflown tragedy that began in thc latter part of the 17th century, and, sitbat4 canzed, tolituts effect us. However, those who care about the history of the stagel might do worse than see Tom 27tumnb at the Haynarket, fo:: it will, at any rate, show them the sort of thing that was considered amusing by their fatners. And when they hav% returned home, let them by all means read not the operatic hnrlesqlue of Kane O'llara, which they have just seen, but; "The 'ra,gedy of Tragedies, or the Bif and Death of Tors Thumb the Great, with the annotations of Scriblerus Secundus," contained in the complete works of Henry iFielding. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
I EAIoLrrAN LrrATtvrxRE.-In a recent letter I sent you some specimens of the literature of Naples, as izq dicating the spirit of the Government towards the nglish. I quote from the same work Le Si4e, wvhich is now lIm upon my table. The author thus describes himself:-" I am not a spy either of the Pope or of the King of ,Naples, but a son, a most affectionate, active, disinterested subjec; of the Pope, of the King of NKaples, of the Emperor of Aus. tria, of the Emperor of Russia, of the Duke of iModena, oE all those Sovereigns, in fine, absolute, legitimate, who witlz an iron hand compress, for the good of the peogle whonr they govern, those hordes of wicked men who, a iuigg the holy name of liberty, blaspheme God, conspire against thrones, attempt in the nane of the human race to rob freely.-P. 18. Holy 2liary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, exclaimed, in this horrible night, my little daltese servant shivering, with fear. For these excommu. nicated Jacobins, said he, God has sent us the cholera, and for these English dogs, yet more excommunicated, who have given them a reception, we shall now surely die, if St. Paul does not save us; nor could a trner sentiment proceed from the lips of innocence. In fact, to whom else does the world owe its misfortunes than to this multitude of piates made a nation with the bread and with tho peace of nations? Most holy Paul, thou who from the asp and the viper didst tear the poisoned toothl for thu salvation of the children of PubliusS wield thy sword to strike off the heads of these famished wolves. Avenget the shame of having lentthyname to altars raised to heresy-destroythefoxof Albion, rescue us from ship) wreck. The irritable political rulfianism of a linto, tPu insidious Pharisaic eloquence of a Cobden, the lying, vnAga. calumnies of a Gladstone, vivified and aunnate by thes sordid and shameless robbery of a I'almerston, and of a3 many others as have preceded or shall follow him in thg Judaizing linistry, have pillaged the world, so as not to leave the skin of man umnjured by the bloody teeth of the British bear l The Iazzini, the Proudhitni, the Koasuth, and all the refuse of the creation, wi be always the rasty, distorted instruments attached to the adultered garter oE .he English shield for the iapine of tho rich spoils of the; human race. Who does not know that our silks, our rags, our skin, are constantly designed to cover the libidinous limbs of this prosguted, shimeless, stinking hag, and that ve shall be ever condemned to satiate her with our anna, and assuage her with our blood, if the mercies of God do not save us, &c. ?". This work was written for and paid for by a member of the Neapolitan Govcrnment-src$
SALES BY AUCTION. At the Mart, This Day. MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST be- to inform the public that the various PROPERTIES advertised for SALE, at the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12,will be offered in the folowing order, viz.- . Iteversionary Interest in £2,500 3 per Cent. Consols. 2. Net leasehold Rental of £190 per annum, and well-secured Leasehold Ground Rents of z£1S, and £e5 per annum, arising out of property situate in Upper Belrve-street, Lowades-street, and HaLkin-terrace, Belgrave-square, in thr&ee o 3. Kent.-Frechold Estate, comprising Rhoaden and the Fowle-hall Farms, situateinthe parishes ot Brcnchley andYalding, containing SSa. Or. 18p. 4. Sussee-Cottage Residence, wfitlagarden, orchard, &c., and about 30 acres of tend, situate at NutUey. 5. Mtiddlesex.-Frechold Shops. Dwelling-houses, and Wharf, situate at New Brentford; Copyhold Shop and Dwielling-house, siuxate in Church-row, ILtewvorth; and Copyhold Ground Renltof £16per annumu. In five lots. 6. Leasehold Properties situate in Ta istoclk-street, Covent-garden, Little Chapel-street, Westminster, Durham-street, Kennington lane, and Draper's-place, St. Pancras. In four lot&-Old Broad-street. East-end Lodre. Priner, one mile from the Station, a Villa Residence, replete with accommodation, and surrounded by its own gromunds. For nurese-ved sale. ][R. ROBINS is instructed by A. T. Gordon, Esq., 1 to SELL by A*UCTION, at the Auction Mlart, on' Monday, June 2 at 12 without any reserve, in consequence of his removing to town, RXHT END LODGE, Pinner, very delightfully situate amidst its own pleasure grounds of about three acres, In a highly picturesque Country, one mile from the ra£lway station. The villa is unusuaLy replete with famiy accommodation, having four sitting rooms, seven bed room3, and three attics, coach-house and stabtiny; the whole is in excelleat repair, and is held upon lease, of which 20 years are unexpired, at a low rent. May be niewed daily and particulars had 14 days prior, of T. J. Jerwood, ae.. 17. Eiy-pl~aco, fohlbom; at the Auction Mart; and at Messrs. Robins's offices, Covent-garden, Elegant modem Jewellery, loose Brilliants of the purest water, fine GeldChains, Gold and Silver Watches by emuientLondon makers, antique and modern Plate. Plated Goods. Clocks, Filsk, Satins, Velvets, Superline Cloths, Doeskins, and WVearing Apparel, from Mr Bartram, of Princes-street 1jV[ESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at .L their Rooms, Pia.,a. Covent-garden. on Wednesday next, at 12, elegant modern JEWELItRY. cormprising fine singlestone, halfhoop, cluster, brilliant, ruby, and emerald rings, brilliant and other brooeches, very fine loose brililants, fine goldguard, Albert, and neck Chains, gold and silver watches by eminent London makers, goldand silver snuffboxes, antique and modern plate in waiters, tea caddies, mugs, tea sets, cruet frames, spions and forks, plated goods, clocks, de. On Tiew the dayprior.-Great Pianza. Covent-garden. Freehold and LeaseholdEstate& ]v[ESSRS. PRIC:KETT and SONS be- to announce, M l that the FRBEHEIX D and LEASEHOLD ESTATES of the la-e Mr. John Holder Strange, in Middlesex. Essex, and Surrey, the Copyhold Romses, at Great Staumore, and the Leasehold Houises, at Camberwell, will be SOLD by AUCTION, at the Mart. THIS DAY, at 12, in 46 lota.--U. Sonthampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, and Highgate, Middlesex, May 16, 1856. Alteration of Sale.-Chelsea.-Desdrable Lehold Investment, _tR. W. F. HAMMOND villSELL yAUCTION ,LV at the Commercial Hall, King's-road, Chelsea. on Tuesday, Jubu 1, (instead of the bfart, as previouisly advertised,) at 12 for 1, FIVE LEASEHOL'D HOUSES, in a neat square, in perfect repair Lease 50 years from Midsummer, 1866. Ground rent £-2 Let to excellent tenants, producing £140 per annum. Particulars and conditions of sale to be had of Mr. Chas. Hooper, solictor, 7. Staple-inn, Holbom; at the Vommerdac Hall- Kings-road, Chelsea; of dr. Oughton, , Jubilee-place, Kin'-road; and at the auctioneer's oitices, 3, Carey' street. Linoons-inn. Handsome and well-made Modem Household Furniture a 5-light cu;- glas Gaseher, and a suite of ParisianfBedRoom and BoudoirAppen- gE SRS. BIJLLOCK will SELL To-morrow, at 11. at their Great Rooms, 211, High k0lbom. fashionable HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS, of good manufacture including two fullsized winged wardrobes, Arabian and French bedsteads and bedding, marble washingitands, cheval glasses, an armoire a glace, carpets, curtains, tullp and walnut cabinets and tables, rosewood and walnut chairs, couches, sofas, fautenils, brilliant plate glasses, marble top coinmodes, carved Devonpotwrtiting table, several sets of dining tables, sideboard, library bookcase, leather backed and seated chairs, iron safe, glass, chins, pla'.cd table items, and bitchen requisites, Also, several w hole pieces of new. Brussels carPet. MSay be viewed, and catalocues had.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~e Capital Fumniture, 10 oz. Plate two briliant-toned Cabinet PLano- fortes, Linen. China, Glass, and Effects, removed from the residence, the lease prohibiting a sale. R. ADAMS will SELL by AUCTION, un- . greservedly, at the Sale Room, 104. Ebury-street. Beigrave-aquare, on Monday MTay26. at 12, the genuine FURNITURE, new within a short perioa, comprising a drawing room suite in rosewood, 12 chairs, sofa, couch, loo, occasional, and other tables, easy chairs, two pianofortes, Spanish mahogany extending dining table, 12 chairs, enclosed sideboard, bracket clock, large chlmney-glasses, handsome Brussels carpets, and curtains, four-post, Arabian, and French be0steads, beds and bedding. marble-top wash and dressin tables, and miscelaueous property. BMay beviewedon Fridayand Saturday, and catalogues had at the rooms; and at 12, Cloak-lane, Canuou-street. H2mpastead-heatla-Freehold Estate. .R HEN:RY PAXON is instructed bay the Board 7 of Guiardians of the paish of St. John, Hampstead, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart, on Thursday, May 2Z, in two loin, the valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE; oune rtion cniing several brick-built Residences. known as the Pariah Cottages withseveral plote of garden ground, and a weeU of excelent water, situate on the verge of Hampstead-hcath, adjoining the road leading from Lower Heath to Flask-walk and Newv-ed-square. Let 2. A desirable Plot of Garden Grounld, situate in the Vale of Hfealth, weladaptsd for building, having a good frontage. Tobe viewved by application on the premises. Particulars may be had at the Auction MEart;* and of Mr. Henry Paxon, auctioneer, HIigh-street, opposite the post-office, Hampstead, where the plans of the property may be seen. ffighSield-house, one mile and a half from Southampton, on the Lon- don road. MR. CHARLES BROOKS has been favoured with MV instructions (from the Proprietor of the above residence) to submit to public SALE, on the Premises,on Tuesday, Mlay 20,and three followingclav, at 12 o'clock precieely, all the elegant and costly modern FURNf;IUERE and EFEECTS,abont 180 dorenof rare old Port Wines, S tol0 years in bottle, afew dozens of Sherry Bnrgundy,kc, some valuable paintings by Gindo, Canaletto, Caracci, Hemskirk, Merland, Van Bloeonan, RapfaeUe, weUer.andOteresteemed masters,a few line en- graDgs orametaphaeton horse,e harness, &c. MIay be viewved ffavings, omsaments aturday and Monday previous and catalogues obtained at Mr Phillips's auction office, 73, w vond-str London, at the George Hotel, Winchester: and at the auctioneer's estate agency and auction office, 8, above the Bar. Southampton. Harrowv-road, Paddington.-Twvo neat eight-roomed Houses, held on lease for 90 years. M. SELF and SON are instructed by the Exe- WV cutors of the late MIr. John Drinluvater to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart, near the Bank of England. on Tuesday May 27th, at 12 o'clock. intwo lots, TWO eight-roomed DWELLING-. HOTSES, vith forecourts and yards, Nos. 4 and 16, Carlton-terace, Wooilield-road, Harrow-road, about one mile from Paddington-green. The houses have recently been let at a rental of £36 per annum each, but are now on hand. They are held by lease for a term of about 90 years, at the respective ground rents of ;6 and£S per annum. Maybe viewed and particm'ars had of Mr. Rudkin, 17, Carlton-terrace- of ThomaaWheatley, Esq., soeiitor, 9, Buih-lane, Cannon-street city' at the place of sale; at the Salmon and Bail, Bethnal-green-roai;d an& of the auctioneers, S1, Crown-street, Firsbury. In Chancery.-" Cramp v. Br,ant."-In the Matter of the Estate of John Cramp, deceased. MESSRS. H. BROW'N and T. A. ROBERTS will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, June 11, at 12, in lots, with the approbation of, and pumant to an order of the Master of the Rolls, made in this cause, LEASEHOLD ESTATE comprisinz a dwellig-house and shop, wit possession, No. 13, Highstrecet, Wbitechapel mow forming part of No 02) held for an uneIpired term of about 17 years, at £I0 per annum; three dweling-houses (two with thops), Nos. 8,12, and 13, Mount-terrae New-road Whitechapel, let at rents amounting to £84 per annum held for an nexpired term of 44 years at £7 perannum; and SixDwelling-housesand Shops, Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and7, Portugal-place, Cambridge-road, Mileend. let at rents aountre to£374 2s. per annum an held an pn- expired tr Bofd19ryear t£4Genueannum May bperviormoem Housne. partScularshad (gratis) at te officas of M ressrs. Jenkinso Sweetina, and zenknson, sole- itors. 1. Clement's-lanectY; of W. A. uneoyl,Esa soliidtor, 19n obsh-steet, Bedford row;a of wlbiam Stopher, Ese, solicitor, 52, CelatPside; of G. R Jaquet, Esq, solicitor, New-inn, Strand' at the Mart; and of Messrs. H. Brown and TE At Roberts, 22, Thros morton-street, city. Mo.2i, Old Bond-streeto.-Genuine Sale oD s perior modem H;ouseheld Furniture, valuable Ornaments ina en and Bisf et China, Bronzes, dune-toned Ol-octavePianoforte, handsome Clock nmder glass ehade, noble Chimnaey-clasee s two air of beautiful Mantcl Lustres, drich Velvet Pile and other Carpets, 8ilk Damask Window Curtains Cornices, and Effnets. MESSRS. TRIGGS will SELLg by AUlCTION, at VJ.* Robinson's Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Friday next, MIay 23, at 124 precisly, an unusually elegant assemblage of HIOUSEHXOLD FURPNITURE, suitable for first-class rooms: comprising two costly drawfing-room snuites inwalnut and rosewood, consisting of elegantly designed centre and occasional tables, lounges, chairs and reclininrr ditto in rich silk damask coverings, msagnflicen plate glass cheffoniers with fine marble tops, the complete equipment of a tirst-rate dining room in Spanish mahogany, also of eigat bed rooms, containing lofty mahogany and iron four-post, Arabian, and French bedsteads with damask and chintz furniturea complete sets of excellent bedding (new in October last), comprisng palliasses, mattresses, capital goose feather beds, bolzters and pillos, blanl-ets. quilts, counterpanes, dc., a fine Spanish mahogany wing wardrobe with silvered plate-glass panel, mahogany and japanned chests of drawers, handsome marble-top toilet tables and wash-stands, dressing glasses, complete sets of chamber ware. stair carpet, floor cloth fenders fire-irons, &c. May be viewed on the Saturday and Monday previous, and catalogue3 had at tho Roonis; or of the auctioneers, Southampton 84 Acres of excellent Arable and Pasture La"d, with a rrcently-ereced modem-built House.-Upper Brambridge, about 1 mile from the Bishopstoke.Ra'lway Station. five miles from Winchester. sLx from Soutkampton.-By Messrs. GUDGEON and SON, at the George EHotel, Winchester, on Tuesday, June 17, at 2 for 3 precisely, LL that most desirable Estate, the property of the A late Edward Houghton, Esq.,adeccased;compringaboutfS acres ofexellentarable andpastu2reland, in a high state of cultivation, with w4ter meadow, ginng a right of fishing in the river ranning tbrough a part of the estte. This most desirable property in pleasingly detted vith timber, a portion of which, a copse, contains some of considerable growth. The farm buildings, which are most complete. and at a short distance from the residence, near the public read, comprise a gpod barn v,th a new door, rageonhouse, cowpens, piggeries, and other bu23dings, and a comfortable farm-house. Two ponds in thb yard always contain plenty of water. an excellent spring being but a , hort remnve fzom the spot. The dwelling-house most substantially built 'ebout 20 Years ago, is particularly eligibly pLaced in about 15 acr, s'oi' rich meadow land, ona grntleelevation, asdin oneof the best sitnatie,isirthe seieghbour1lsoi, sp'r.ated by a shrnbbery fromthe punblcroadie,sdingfrominVicehester to Sol:tbampton. cornmads a combination of bean,tiful scenery of aa extendeA charicter; and comprises twvo sitting r. ets, and six bed rooms, goolkitehen, calte. lahrder, and cellars; deo5chedis shrewr- hoE i vn.n *oo hoiu5hee and Pa myo'f the unrest wvater. hos.q-al Fernrtw'rParticillatindheesa stbl ud rO<,ntly co;-ehl.| hone Pofurtqrprtiular an ead3 t wior apply to' MSs:iw,I Lampard ard B.ewkdr, colicilpa, O Mtng,, ';.deona d Serf, Ji'P' tienters.WisT rlc,er, , Seuir-P.nd Pianoforte b?1roadwood, Dresden and Berlinx Fall-snaIl.- - China. Maruble Busts, &c. 1i SL FOSTER and SON arwile SELLo byov l1er~'6 . .at THeIGDAcY,5Falmall6,&tHISth DAY (FsIday Ma~~~l9 Sd ataobouecoate wipO th maedallimon portraits of LouisRDAN 0X. K al Rxh raedwoodina gol birchsd-box the ofrsdean B ali china,twod -ad omes casknet -uEaind, an pai 5arof scuhlpcbnts,e marbler tbustsf-Ur Fallruoseh. e nsai dallmask.-windowcutal- ahmd gDt ornitsgi rxttmof&. an3 Ob~ect otu Tnsad,a d tste,rvfite ofatskMrs. disheso andVi erfra. lae mayb vewedS twodasTEr atd SO r ietdormv Thrloe hro-place, rro oto ipTh onealyNe aid SELL by A -CTION, at~ theGaUry 54Pal-mltheS late Mmy6,at.te ECRAIV F NTIOE, chn. oncth Peomises,xNo. Thuhlwoodco,sl surmounted tay1e eaut e2 fof Lothe nearya bnewtbl and welrdinifatreurcdHased i tbeLExhibiion fR155 a clulpo and mahrgan carsketan bestead, awpirh ofebuises habginegs,boudoi ctable, four tairof vvndosry n-fetrmanonsatny wadamae, windo crtainpsteglss and g otthries rt sofay 13ooair and rootenilsto mach,Dedechngrus Pindest.cknd micors,dleglnser, candlaba ad cndletics, nd grea raietof arsi candeor forensix Threeholace Hroumeton.T inhe nearltyNe OfLndModen ounitueaw& theIlate rS. Eli MIJESSRS. FOSTE andl SON will SELL by AUC- LYTION, on the Premisesar, Non8 Thuesdlo-may 2oato_in t layts7 ath12 forl1.wthe nearbly ew anEHODP OPEaT12, viz. HOS-A meoist silkshangialHoseandcran Shor, two.6 windows, aot s-fee maofSanyr sardroet, wnthithyae of plate-glass ond lao therm equn good htodroom sidebofard,-with lokn lsbak xedngdnn0ale dnn MESSRS. FOSEa4 OtiloEL yAC day ToN a, atthAutn at TeaaMy0at1,itw loivts,te following deial REODP'PITE :an stret,intheciy o Lndo; etaron leaseutran inteoeu'tino Mesrs.Burer fra ermgf9ayar, Lrexotuw, An( Muaetakuon Sho, a te bck f he orerylot, Bard,ein No 6,Snohllto Tncomeiof £1o0 per angulSarlynhthyan t wllshue Theware huesxpensieint bexelet iful,te Ian rdue h rtnanceto;thnd psarticularsthu atrth martbha of an ames,itorh uto ia, uaem-street. Ptand-al east; and ofeIMesr. e and Sn, 54, all-moareuhil, orafrteWb ares,~tehlGrowith Rethe Manopr of Vwghtenth C laleb. onDn M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to Ei bi nnunceTfOr SatE bye MaUrt,on,o Tuesda, aY 2, ath 2th I privatecontrac) the OINGDRA ESamutE,g rth 5er les mha li0areoferblemenlow ndpstuelad, ithfarfcotkqageandathe stbls Coanchry-house dwcrria yard, Itleasbury-eground, plantaions walEdSpRSdc. kiSTcEgRdngrehu, and mO i ELon grond AUC. famIsetON lase the Mar., otenr Buesard2 a, at 121.pe annumr; lthe mRAno anOd GROUndsar letnles of John35bar, ndlSPrat im abnnum.tle situretion an sitnguiarl hesalth,te in Blaont-erandca vies ae eteniv an beuttul,th lads asa ood doceld sheep alltheyea, ad te roxmit toBrihte msol evercc gtv anoifporanc to hisestae. artculas my behadofbefores.h sopeou, slCiharls-,treing Willia-tereet,Srand-A goodo Measeold FTetmrandton I ESSRS. FOSTE R and SON~ aw iretdo SELLbyA C ML bAUTION, at the Mart, on Tuesda%y, May 20, at12anWelZ int1 LoE,1FREHOLD GrOUNDe RWELLS,GamOUnt,ingtood sub2perantil num orngmna ear Ln o on the n orth side of Nofl-qur.A harllprstiont ofath proprtyis eashold reewale or eer t 3apepearcor ret and roune 1rlmay be Thad, 14 daysobefr theosle,tio tex] r:ofMsrsln Pall-mall.aUry rllmal jESSRS. FOSTER and SON arwiretelt SELLbyA. M F~ UTION , a the Mart, W Pallemall, onhSay.t2iturdaylls, abunanty scure onan xteniveestteun Blmontterracene andm Clifon-sree, Wadswrt-oad,hel fre ofren,theforieabout2 yageas; year at£1 roud ret. inshoue wil b sod sbject tso theangfe field; ofChares A Govti,Rq., olictor,10, binclns-inn-fitaeldsf 54, ran-mall. ~ ~ ~ a te ee-,an Cals-treet. Cacesesure.-A ood fLe-casehl Inusestmn. 1~IESSRS.FSE n SON- will SELL by AXICMXTI0N, at the Mart,on Tuesday, Ma 20,at 12.to bgantecllent LEUtaSEOL pelivatbeed DWEPLING-RoUSE,n gchd, DWbtatiL,andQ hmnny, Req., at 75 perrannum; edfraot3er. a 2~agroun willSwtR-lSets iOSTvrsbtata adSNd comfotbe andL cotan all theacOmmodatio rhequireLodobnafail of rtespetbiiy. MEy2t,aybe2 viewe by permissOnUTof thEVtEnant.NCard toe viewt and artcladins may behadto17aa of Mess.Fser,d5owal-all; calsoeo Dieyssrs. Bhecriha and St. 3-mall.Tlo Ornit, hologdictalnclectionmxiitd the May fVrlboWrougthe tenur of fr ohn oDdGallery,pe Panl-maI,hedblas.rn be 1IJrESSRS FOSTER ad SON ar dregpctdletrusteLL iLL b AUCTON, a theGalls.54. all-alu, on Seatrda. Maytu 31, t 1precsel in ots the01&TH WorcesterXa hIBITION, rot ar o rearabl billany o clou, ndoac biroiss arage cataangand hadcatPthtuoesiof gr5at Pall-man. M~jESSRS. FOSTER and SON arwiretelt SELLbyAC by AUTION, at the Mar.lolTesdy, May20 Fatl a,the Susantiraly. built4 andI preli-imbe COCAESIONof ITEdeALIAed DWELLING-tc HOUnd situate on the northe sidhestf Bounariy-rfoead, leading from yeft, froth agueandg20ftmepth andm wllebraed leasediresadctafrmethe trmotee maf thse rviEtat ofo 52xyears eurat£1ope mannm May boed vuitewed and pArticularsanck hadnfdMssrsvGama ande Jamesportentworks 13.m Suffoalk-stret,ven-mas ll east;o ;aandMscraposer and Sonre, b4, WhUp%oresuv.eermasi,ons ta and Pand toaSum nd Clonsls.b RubenTIO, ato the Marct.o Londn SiTonTedyMa 2th, Rut12. 6thf yar, toh17 abye ofumeadow lanrd. calledrDilleys colcinoth parishof St.ete WtheGreat, a short distanc from thLae scaiitoWrester, iandsthe matenur ofnMr John Lood, at £5rur pe annuim,orheld blease,menewablte evey sve yearms, ter2 s. e: nu.Lt .OeFut-lr of£,6WC.ssadn iandethelnaes ofy hih Boesetabetuses Guiet orgthe lieso twVadiesrespect.ivelys Sdan7 byals.Paricu lA.sma bel hadt attheStrmadGarter.nWoreser; WattheMart LondnmegfiMesrs Eglder Vandemen, andhMaster slctRs, Duke strnt Grlitosvenor-qaeado Messrs. Foster-, 54.alall-alll ValualenFeRevod riound to ent um of £5 0s. perannu. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- TION at the Mlart, on Tuesday, June 3, at I2, TWOPFREEGROUND HiS siTulatotepi Croprtyo-sHet,Mie-end, Midlece,le onmleaseifo Groyearsefromf182.at£57s.perlyersanu,inhlenvierstion tof a preminumo £30 cParod fticuar maynboha of La.beA. Barown,s Req. do f.Hye,solicitor, 3,GetJmssre, Bedford-sroweant, Mesnsrks.uaFose ath 1at:ado ess otrand Son, 54. Pan-mall,. ItalianlandFDutch Picturesograimeance MIE SSRS- FOSTER and SONharevirecteld the SELLe byI UCTON at the Gallery,54 Pllmal PnenezayJn-mAll,ton Ptrdasey, Ma2.tt1hrciey aOLE COLLECTION of PI TURES, , Spaudngish. utchs wndhlmih PeexiCitUeS, of the hkiigheIst qaity,oni fohed earing past13 1ye,ars ith matuz judgenttfro ceteeAlebratenanerie and cabines Jpirte-and wntiop by Vadycglke, and sevootera oithrersimpotant works maubens, foromtecletoo iToaBrnPrtraitof l Pr,b Rubessa'wsan b Ry scape, Woratelo at fiea,W Vean,dfromvr.lak'scbiet LandscapeMuadn oandnk Waterfall b Rusae par;yP eaVcha n Holy Family, nradl~ro; iro mastrnandohlic Lady,b Teh;adipratspecimens ofth Mucar i ouss Cadevlade C Bop Bet Gchordone A. RoaVandr mlegF iano Schlke rarmeinio Eglnanderneet Sr BGhysn I. eimont May biewpubliclysviewertw aday co-atalogues willo bems Fostrwarde Son. aPplctont Msmal ose,l4. a-mn ImprtntDrains y ande S wll ELLf EC- theRatonlusoayn Juniqe3a1,itwlos aollRE.- ingher-o66hiyar Worod an goentleman choiyear ofugeishoul sicurviven her -wand eeson trope lik Legac ofUn £2s00, payabeing therdemisre- PartculRS.areFrepaing,andmayb hadvtte art; ofd D Culing- So,t,Pl-omat SLL. b UTO,a h Oey a-aLo Junceth,-ofthoGdrGroundTRent,ewith ReversitonYorkthie Rak enta mdrsSRand FOSartER eganed SON, wilSELbyA .LLLTON atthe Mrt, o TuedayJne s a Bibl ihgajCOPYHOld GRdoUNDriNge, lngatetedb propeally Forence, emlya Req., deceased compisin a roun Reter£ 17s 6. f~nor- 1er, withve Reerio LUton the Conway. from Sir John Piliuieto's Collection ; the Hospice of St. Berard wih Pncl Setces y dseer andStdhrt Tireengravinsare in matchless condition, and include, it is believed, a complete colction of the works of this great artist, in the very earliest sates" of GrAvesend.-Flrchold Dwelling-house anmd valuable Plot o-f Building Ground. IjESSRS. FOSTER and SON Will SELL by AUCM ,TION, at the Mart, LoDndon, on Tuesday, June 1, at 1, in two lots, FREEHOLD H)OUSE and0 BUILDING LAIND, late the property of Henry ]eduy, eq., deceased;, a Freehold. Dwelling-house, with possession, being No. 1It Clarence-place, Windminl-ii milton' Gravesend - and insa second let, a plot of FreeholdBuildiag Groeima withaboutl0o feet frontage, immediately abutting on the above, and as now entirely encloszed by a high wanl and iron railing. P1articulars are preparing, and may be had of Mlessrs Webb and Sen, the Grove, Gravesend; of Mr. Haynes, solicitor-, 2, Hunter-street, Brunswicksquare;- at the Mart. and of Messrs Foster and Son,. 54. Pan-maalL Faul-mall,-Fashionable JewelsanBiotl.70od Watches.-ssy direction of the Asigreeaudracmiso fBnrpr M~jESSRS. FOSTERanSOwllEL yY. ILTION, at the Ganery, 5,Pa-ml,nTedyJue8at2 the selected and most valuablePRTOeothmdrnS CKf JEWELLERY, includin rllatdopboc ndsu,brclto brlilliante and opals, br'ilat lceeadcoss odnc his chatelaines, neeklettes. Pins,rig,btosansud twthr-- liauts, rubies, emeralds. turqIuoss,eal,ndOl,70gdduex lever, and horiznotal watches, a gl iuerpae- crnmeand miscellanies. Catalogueswl ebdo esr.Tyo,Clise and Woodwwrd, sOlicitor~ 28,GraJae-te,Beod.w:f H. H. Carnnon, F-sG, oscial asgc,1,Ad Mressrs. Foster- and Son's _54 all-al uab ra da To Irounmongers, Gasfitters, ko.-ErySl,udrpcuaiarceircam- 1,R. IHEALY will SELL by. AUCTION, on the IL Fremises 22, Ratcliff-terr-aee, Goswell-road. onTusa May ElegantDccOrtlvFe BOsle an(d einerFurniture, Two ChimingClas Clcks, Brontes. Marble Figures and Busts. nol ChLimney Glasses Dresden and other China, and other valuable Property. ~f.PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by A.UC- MTION. at hIs greOat Rooms,. New Bond.atreet, on Saturday, 17~h ins,t., at 1, elu.gaut DSCORATIVE. FURN'ITUIM in boule and PReisnerwork, Enriched with or-mouhte and Sevre mountings. consisting of cabinets, centre, library, ande boudoir tables. caskets, iukrtanls, ar dinierer, rich or-mouile and bronze clocks and candelabras, bronzead bl rOUs figurme siad bush orrnamental clilna, two noble chimney gla,sses A Trauable mechanical skelton clock, and,.6 chiming clock,. chased tankard14 Iops aund vases and other valuab;e property -coa Paris.. - faybe'viewed at Mr. Phlnllpe'i. and catolozues bad. Capital tala. DuEsc -and Plenlah Pictures, the property of MLr. hoaB.Brown. late of Howland-stret Fitary-square M H. PHILLIPS bejs to announce that he-is in- structed to SELL by UTION, at his get Roos New Bond-street, on Ttuesday, M[ay 20. at 1 presy,- :the iTTLAN Flemish.Dutebh and Fren-ch PIOTUIIS of theI hgest class,the propertyg of Mr. Brown, long known for bis taste and judgraent in connexionwithithefinvar-is Ansongtheleadinworksh gch isigi the collectionm2ay be3menitioned-the alutatson,anlmp.ortant picture, by Gaudenzlo di Pern-rm.- the Virgin Enthroned, with the Infant Essiour audSt. Francis, bylTFra1latolomeo ; a Landiscare, Cattle, and Figures,a6 grand irork, byAlbert Cuyp teBasmtShj,by the same amirabl artis; Portrait of te Bur-goms.Aer Vandergutcth, by Rubens; St. Sobastian, by Francia - an Exterior and other exarmples, byv Jan Steen- Bagpiper. by b. Testers; Interior, by A.. Ostade; Landscape anA Figures. by Wouvermans; two portmaita of Cosmo de Medici and hiis W-ife, by B3ronzino; togethLer witha other clever works by Titian Honthorst Beerstriaten R. Wilson, r. Veronee Rtembrandt L. Van Leyden Greuse Velasquez; Rubenas Terburg Vesftier. Mfay be viewed aturay nd Mronday precealing the sale, and otatlagnes then bad at Mr. Philip'nse A Collection of high-class Ancient Pictures, the property of a genUtle- R man, well-known as a patron of art. MR.PHEIILIPS beasleave to anfiounce that he L by AUCTION , at his Gallery. New Bond-street on Taeda. Jne3.at I1rcsey COLLECTION of choice ancient PICTURES. including original works by several of the moet distinguished masters of the Italian, Dutch, and Flemish schools, aiudnaitiug therewith several of the important SpanisOl pictures purchased at the aale of King Louais rhilippe This collection, of which more details will be giveni in future advertisements, waa formed with a view to enlarge, gallery which intention has sinoe been abandoned by the owner, who is aisout to reside in the oountry. Batton, Surrey.-Secoad and last Portiou of the Freehold ZEstates of-the late J. HL Stubbs. Req. R W.BUTCHER has been directed by the te6hat1, that welliknown PROPERTY, called Cheara Shbetg comprising a genteel cottage,wihgresadvlbe edoln. altogether about IS Acres, staeaotmda ewe ha and Sutton ; also a well-placed villa at Sutton, near the Gieen, known as Vale Lodge, writh large gArde ; a well-arranged residence, almost adjoining, designated us Sheephall Cottage, with productive garden and mneadow ; the well-known racing establishment, near Banstead=-dow%s in the occupation of Mrs. Balchin, including a comfortable hous and ata.bling for IS horses ; a fine tract of highly valuable land adjoining, comprising upwards of 30 acres-an admirmble spot for abunidngspeculation of magnitude, having oommanldiag frentages, and only abouta. mile from the Sutton Stationi - also gardens, laboratory, andL premises in the occupatiou of Dr. Waria-gi The several properties may be viewed by permission of the tenants 14 days previous to the sale (Sandays excepted). Particulars, withx plns,my be obtained at the same time uon application at the Greyhou-nda.Croydon; White Hart, el- gt;Griffini, Yingston ; Spring Hotel Ewdll, at the Greyhound and CokInns at Sutton; at the Artichoke, Aewingion-causeway; olf Messrs. Morgan. solicitors, 15, Old Jewry-chauebers ;at tke Auctio,. Ma.rt ; andof Mfr. W. But-cher, estate, Epsomn. MBanstead, Surrey.-Thirty-four acres of first-qualityv Land. R W.BUTCHER has been directed by th.e at te Mrt n Fida Jue 6at 2. smll,compact, and attractive PROPItT~; cnsisingof ambou 54acre ofthe richest lauid in the of erecigavla tohi own taste, upon a small estate, witudltn and reuctve and,in hihlyrespctale nd alubriosnihu- hod h snproety. irstrecmm 1enedoas desevigestmecin atetin May beUvewe 1day peios taouthedse andh partiucar,tiths pln, SiyEob.t ieathe Whtoart. n oda,tue 6 6teig,a teGehot und, Cdmroydon andaSutton; WooTAck, Banstead; i SprrindsgnHotel,a Ewell Arichoer , cnsiiof-cahaety ipratnth prucetion warth ofit.lde Sa Tapelor,resqsldlenter,wGi sin LoexeH ntadenspanducofvMrchW. utcher, stris hvngtrey-Tpat-raf Frehol Unves.atmwent. vrsoio whel,9f. Gi. diamtCer nR wise;alsourhed fithtingthrouhotfons carriner ouill consstetingof thateimportant property whic inturmcludesa writh gogling sereens, wheat and meal bins, and a large sPace for flour and meal, together with the highly remunerative as well us ornamental stream of water, the fall of which is nearly 10ft.; a most substantial builtgrny to contain 500 quarter of corn, a yard, with nag stable, chis-onuse,and, harness room, a five-stalled cart-horse stable, waggox-honsie. smnall farmyard, and numerous buildings of a minor character; a brick-buiflt cottage, containing four rooms and a garden. Thewhole of thiss inviting property comprises about nine aces,- and wiithin a mile of the Railway Station. The premises may be diewed 14 dys revousto he ale(Suday exeptd),by permission of the tennt,Mr.Hal. artcuars wih lan, wllbe readv_at the same tim, adumbeobtine atth SpingHotl,Ewell; 15,ffi.i, Kings No.16.Stck rcardcrscet,Holloway. A. BOTHillSEL byAUCTION, at the n Thrsdy. ay 2. s Vi-dTMAce RESID6ENCE, bein 16Stok Orhar-crecen, Caedo ianroad. L9 earse g0ryears annsum. Mayurbe aewe.-Particuar afets thoat:ado Mr..Ncn debrase- road oppsit theON B lon k Armnsda.'.a 1 ntePeie,na h Leaseur hol th estarte,soaml for omnCesime nt oOrouatlo taton wardMart, one Thurday, May22, aidetachedt VILL draers, marblE biein No.b10, Gret enfr1i2las munctoan-roadaLease 9nias grtouandrentces ans. Erstipated tohpoduey an rtentgsal f,0 uieas erH annum Mayck beoviewed.Particulaseatth Marpta, ands bofnMr.sAbah fwbooth. By.Mr. MASON, on Whednesayt.o May2ay, Junte Prbyomiser, oenrthe oldechutrch.f three-oluertersofeamied fro whhntBichwayntation , H A~DSOM for-post and babi ntan Bedos.eads, 21tOl hangins,trime-T bedlos,.attesses,ors and bdig winged wadrbyE,DinWhdARDtaLe len, chestsnofudraeinhismArbeTo dressing ON tbe dah-taNds 2, with Born-stmental fitngs,21 eliti ando other drawers teesop dining tfabe,wnu bcA ditto MAKRble-to pier tble, et of12 ahogay chase, reckclning ditoesand couche, ottoans, asidebord, wndo curtains wivth litig comi nd basspols chmne andothr gasses ecetllgent bracket paintings and prits,dese Prt iu and tacia, curity~s mod ferntds. C Talogue at the Greenmragn ChuOldBon-street, oWdneardtuyprMisey By Mr MASN, a the art,on Mnday Junte9 byhorder ofathes Executors of Mr. Polleit,o deceased,ate F OUR rspectabe Houss (twof Mwhic contadn 10d 2_,28 ad20 i rn ofe olany road, kgngown.a t erespae letoMessrs. TIO aeei u ton, e aoard, and Gmumers'ay, Jn4,at 12,pe Particultars ofIth piautioeer 5,UIon-cour, OdesBroad-ysiutret.ih 2,lthOladimpondsredl-o atyfailors. iece-roker, and bters. AieyNs .8 TI10ON 6 atno.21, OldwBond-stureet osintnMa21 at 1 or1, tainOR; cconsisatingoiifosvral mnlegathly n etrna of bet2lak lth,audkis supics, eain aparl,2cc My e vewd;and caaogures hando Googe row, Rq..solcitr, 1, insur Rpic;a heod roleoms;and at Mr. Edwar Lumley's ofices, 67,sCancery-lane HmpousedhGoldund ORence ofuritr a-dar vnEwadsuaieyrfe,ffec2. ?& . . EDWARD LULha ben willstrceLL by AUC-frt gaLTIO, a the Booms 21. aOld BROnd-sReT. on WUCTINesa, Mayh 21r, e 12 for], y,Jun4 antSEM G of, Mn2loSCELAEOS aRO cpERtY,l dexcelientousies furniture,anoble b comtefabe2cars Chubinewritingwic tabes, dreawigel roo sute fepaecime lse, 16article, wearng apparel2, and 23and ret ofw efet.oafedee n cteCalogesadofian-oad,endgean Rheq. policno,5,Lnol'-n-i atrthe rooms;vand andthM.edNwCard tuley' fie,6Cacr-ae vixcgniteel Residences,nfor occupation orfnetet Ewr-qare rentsNamoudtiected byouthe ,3rtgpereantu abl Reendns orCabeout60yan-roafte deiabystut, indh impd etsfroved localit TfCaedoia-od,ad engrspc at 10peranumeac; nd wohodenbyeannuteachhousefo upard of 50 ears, t £2 pr annu each Particulars renew ready and may e ha atthe art at he Dke fRihmod, CaSuedon An-r Henman Es., oliito, 2 Cllee-hll,Canon-storeet5 woegt, city and f Mr C. arto, Unon-curt. Old Broad-street, (removed fo T R.aDOe D D ze-srutetorEL b tCTO ImprvedG-roundRentso £64a-EarSE, iNo- Edard-squaroe,stend2 Houss an Shps, n Edardterrce, alsorn7an-roa, Crslingiot, amounting to upwardsolfl£700 paratenanet CWAU ON as eeninsruced b hol Mosa ga,ee SELLthe aove POPERT by AL ON,at th Mar, o Wenesay,Ju~ 4 at12,in 7 ots copriingnu eru Oatland's-parkc about one mile from the Wallton Station on the SouthWestern Rtailway. 20 acre of Freehold Ground, with four acres of -Ornamental Water, in the meet picturesue part of Oatland's-parlr, commanding extensive and delightful views of the surroundling eountry, offerin aste seldom equalled for a mansion or villas. H. DODU Is instructed by the Alortgagees to ILSEL,L by AUCTION, at the Mkart, on Wednesday, June 18. at 12, in one lot, 20 acres of LAND, situate in Oat-land's-park, having frontages on the south and west to Oatlend's Drive and Vale, both exceVent roads, and skiirted on the n3orth by the B3roadwater Lake. about four acres of which belon t-o the property. The south portion of the cgrondi cultivated as sden, the north part is park-lik-c and divided frm h garden by a plantat on of ornnmental timberand shrubs. Flrom the elevated portion of the land, which elopes to the lake, there are extensive views oif the surounding country and river Thames and the whiole is beautifully timnbered with cedars and purple beeches of large growthi, Scotch firs, and other choice trees; there is abse an ornamental ruinofa Rormantemple. As asitelfor amansion or villas this roert cantb srasd the dipness of the sell, supply of water, batof the scenery, distance from town, and railway accommodation combine to rendter it peculiarly eligible, confirmed by the increase of buildings ofa~supecrior classin the locality. MaybeTviewed by application to M1r. Cousins, on the property, and partiealars- and condi tions or sale, with plans, mnay be had at the ri anpal inns at Walton and Weybridge ; of Messrs. 11rutton and Voss, Town-hall, Bethnal-green - at the Mart ; and of Mr. Dodd, surveyor, die., 16. NewBroad-street,cit.y. Gordon-scquare.-Capital Household Furniture and Effects. MESSRS. PEARSALL andI JORDEN will SELL by AUCTION, on the Prermises, No. 41. Go-rdon-squar, o Wednesday, M~ay. 21. at 12 for -1, the excellent MODERN pIJEN TURF, and EFFECTS, comprising a drawing room muite in damask, with loo and occasional tables cimney ghaser, Brussels and other carets amahoanytioning, rooms site bookasttes, wadrbs,ades chairs eet-couces,. fou-postrw and OtherSOKo beseas chestsofdraers ofchna SATINd R glss culinary0utensls,anGoumen's Poteritemors, mayt belvewednthedy pr evedintosuperand morndingo extran lotal oguesbe wiad onthe premuises; anod ofntheauctifoner,a thedeir offBices, Fo,sBernad Statoner, Boks i quatitiS,arpe'sHsoyo li,FH. L. A. LWIS wll SELL agythisn Hieouseph12s the bautfulWoo Enravigs,fro th de.;n of0 BiretraFboster, Ptoley, 1mo.:700 ilso's Dctioary f usie. l2me. ; 226 Burkct~sNots n he ewTetamnt ryal8v.;and Iilntfeou other Towcr.hlsl.-Bollding Materials of 20 Horuses. T)ULLE2N. and SON are directed to SELL by' AUC- JLTION, on the Premises on Monday. May1IQ, at 12, in lots, all the ylbIBUILDING MA.L'EIIAlSof 2D honaet, in Peter's-oourt andSavn Sar-our, oya Mit-sree, narTower-hill; comprisinix d encNg.soecpn andSO are in,stoves,tad utfo StuELL and AUT ,1T on the Premises, on Wednesday, May 21. at 1I, in lots, all thu minuable BUIL'DING MATERIALSZ and FITINGS-UP pont-row. n-stieeton-rtens omprBisding Mabote2r0.0s ofd soerd brises, a larga quLity ofpaan ndt olfi tples. leaduterias, oTimer. De bes,an lorng thoPrdmss, shpfonts sTonesy payng, coping, anodearls. toves and t'roveilentur anmd tteenof th MDpoayteiewe on the daty oreioudo. and caUIlogeD ado i. iGrs . architect, dIaINS-Uof. Cveannon-row, Frin rete-street m ETeurlonlBuildiet, aterianwls ofte usveral Hodesi. tin,also a large quantity of srpjlus materials TimbstoerDas, aositndo bon tlheD Premises, of ncTuesay.Ma 27.D aet r2, b ordier of theC In riroeine Cunniteeof te Coporaionofltelit wofgh Lrondo. the IMJILDIG MA tERIAIS ad FITINGS- l of sheveraHOUSES, in eter-strHueet and TShoipstrBeecst,irkenell, ofu= thedussag desrip tion;ULsLa lgeqantit SOf aren mareteria and StoEs, bosstn oC -ed- gTesN, atshoringtimber an edncutstd, Juve tonsa wro2h iron,o lot. Mary bedeed the FREHyL revoS.CTAl oDgues haa the susatal ebuce. bu-idhel ands" of olle and Swnll50. Foresteet Criaptagteou. Freehold Nouses0,1 and Shop, Beech-street, t aebican, ofpieroducing et1 feraont,agd offeu anD feetteathoseiportaity fhorouinvaestment. 32 a let n landfo SON yare direc85, te toevr SlLw rey oAUC-r TION, atdN.3 the Mart. fon aueunesday,d tuerm5, athe 12yietoos, at e ventoy d 5esrableFREHOL M beSTAe,wedbylrSTngthetensubstantiay bultlusinO f essprmiss shopel, Pan~anddwellng-ou,ses. dvatagso Curl possessn aGfrontage of 100 feert; to tose Important thooughfa rese. an g1orsltreon lease for 21Neaw from 185otteledlwrnto 6 e annuesm,endtNo in lhebat ofo ane uncired temop he yers atae reto 5 per annum. Maybe aviee bn eaeotte eans Prs corshadofMesrs TSrONl havns ancevd itn,solictitors, Chrom- tasege Exeutodrs t EL U;IX at the Mfart; n-o le n Son, 0 WeoredatliJng-tee2 t.19 als motoe CgblalngLEAsrEHtOatLD longTE Laeold sisting of the excoellent dwelling-house, warehouse, and business;pe mises 45. Watin-street. within a few paces of Queen-street and Cannonstret est le o lens gratedbefrethe formation of the new Ment of oa perannum,b]and now udirletio ata- muhoigerts brent and chreldfrm S.homseiigas's Hospi atal o 0yars at Sa grundteintofLey. Mayube Sviewtedt byih lev oftew teant.f Wadrticrebad ofmeprs.dg NebonveA, devans. ousnd exewbn.sov,citor, Ward rogbe-place.hopg.gswcommns:at heaart and ed.vrey of Pcolensfo tand Sn8, restreet , n uial Valuabuines eqBusinee Premises, i W od-teet. cthemo. m ongway's,onMte onwareMtyle,iy directinnofm. Tobe prchs,uler thavd tcarpeteionhof purtirig,athe tinbecaptikintalradIe, &c.bayeibB diwey cou prt, iulvrstreed t withiC a- few O acsoficiood -sre, omp-srisingita cndonvtenientdeliong-house, Chnerteiseve, ot,adlg.okhpsw pits,eyard andeshmeds t.very deanyofacce,sstfrom the stret candtlsutabl for ay busness equiing 0a preises;in o eSof sthae metim- term.oadth lowrentofl£4 peiercs anndum.ngThe pucaer to have IJR. LOUND will SELL by AUCTION,on o oan IYblondy 26. TWOG FFEOLD DWEkbulING-HOUSES,Gsituae an Beit-o-ng Nos. 16 and217,3Little AWthu -street, Godnlne,in goodrepair. cedanditatrntalsaoeuentpo tion£13 rlertannu. May beviewed and prcuashad oflMr. T. Kc=kfUtto, solieitor.,44,aNoble-striee-t, cty; an mmn ;Ed of the auctioneer, 60. Chanceery-lane. ReshlDellbing-htouse. f L TteGntldford-cturet,ruselsae LOtTN]) will SLL byAUCTbyNAoMONdnat No. 2, Lttl Guldfod-steetRusell-quae;nlt a et squ,and, he for 1 yers,at £ perannm, oferma vry aeinveestmenth. Mayt be iewd, nd artculrs ad f Mssr. varewed adayTarquediy Wlaum, 3, Nw Boadstret,cit; ad o Ptemacioneer,d a0t Chan Bemodsy te eofd Premsidnes, perteodcinl£0pe nnm ilR.t ELLISNi dilltet SELL by AUCTION ,o 1Vi. 1nay Mirores 26. TOuRsdybriyk-built 12, efoe H so~T e5, amdjacen tiorthe Spa-oadsn amplea Stai;on.theyfo hae beearcetl ercapted, wandhoin and exellent posit n foweaettmngpaaybe viewedoan taricular had o1r Mhrd Ellieset, solicitor 3, iJewrytstreettiand-atrthe Offctos-cmo;an of the auctioneer, 60. Chancery-lane. Remaining Samasfetocke ofarense Mand Vufaturer. nhuch R.ELLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTION,a 141,th inormises, onnusdy TLieay, Jne3,a 12,STCd oomprisidy,n' bo2l fc canvas, lose,eto bundalesofosalbtwine capentrchsbench,l then capietal oroAnTEntAs and otherTefEcS. ofy bhe vreiewed day 1recding and mrninof ale. atalgueshad andthe prem 'sHes;andwatth offices of the anetionesrons;of ,eainor fis,s,it-. To ShipbSoremperchtabl enlic-aoers and othne.-Laujs Ce adPsses- 1 0F . ELISiRDINRece Wt SELL by A'UCTION, XJVGarrawafinrls, on Thuesday, May 20 at 12, befoessa thcepstocke unesaacetbeoffer be previously made by private contract), the vrTlal `&E LEASE fora tem of13 yers, ithmmedat possesion,aeofth and he oris, ossesingampl acommoatione for ah faemiy, wit Buidin Maerils f etenivePreise an Vauts inrwa' Fenchuof stgly resetbet and Pal' -ead-isbcur adeVaoining. -are MR ELISi dARIrete wi SELL by AUCTION, a oan-thwaymiss, on Thuesd y.2 June 3. uland floing day,epatl 12fe bea day, in ots, tao be prtaken downtt by thiprchasern all the. drcapital AtheRI ander FImTURES of the PreEmASe ns 1RMS,1, adjoininre,log inw aneo the ra;cmisnabout audon moft leadcirats, gutaters,hcisternis,landpie; th0ne00hboricks; capital itimbrs,iondrftrs 150 square lofa stuabadddlor,qantitycntfaltesr of doomiuaen ofittns, starcase. sudanm eassretment ofpexellntditures,cpnelhdlafrmig,se useul tuclifosl Maydd nter.3B be viewed,todsspevosand morninguofmis Cataloguesn thad ofmis Moat. Gaxsnand;h Son,arhiectshawgeacfee Pousiey ar-lane;- and at the oufoices ofth actiner 170, HMloinories, Old BottedsPorts,brrePnb Lc-hoetg Candpaine-vaHltk, Cheleia. u T4.C. GARDINYER wil SELL by AUCTION, o IVL'tGhseremiases, on, Trhursday,May2 Potatn-squnless an acceable offe be, previ aously 0 m deoyziaen ontFRaT, the vryvalryble LEASE,2 wit Lfitme adiateapsesin ofau thaet B2ILdoenS oIARm7S, 1russellstret,Kin's-oad Chlse, Te pemies reinok 2 perfet ordr pare surouned ya ensly-opuateneihhosHood,and in thew hands of an ativeman f bsines canot alto cmman a onsirtinuance oa rentin ow.Maye vewe, afiprtilas otaiedanymeptfremthes the auctioneer, 17. RatIon-garden.ioneer Valu rspcable and ehlong-etblhernd ine Valt, e n-are RCGARDINRER- w SELL by AUCTION, a 1MRt Gareaway's, on Thurday, Ma22tnt, at 12 (nls an accep ftabe offer beg preiuslyo mande byptrivt onrsatof,tby directo of. M&rs Pinnens, afe valsuclessu FREOccpaio HOfUnEarld3 yDears thLASR. direct frOm the, Mererst Companye, ofbtey-FREEtMSronds'y ARMS, 81. Lonl-acurel. longth kown iasone of the Baestoan moastd lucrativ esablismens o it kin; te nighouroodeby whihoips'urone obtaned n th preise; atGarrway'; thnCo n Ex thae-cEfes- Theous,Mrk-lne and aatotio the autioeer'se HousieEs,t7ate,on-gas-deny Old BottldVPorts,lherFres, laIrestsChmpane, Rock, Redeeramed. TsR. CUMPHRDEYS will SELL by AUCTION, on iX hearrawises,c Mona,.Orchard-stre. aotma2u-sqordre on Friday May2,b atd 12,eabuto200dorWen of PORlte WiNE, vaoryiStvng , from1 years. in bottale;20dsesoShry FR HOcasesLZG of0 Champagne.i 30idolte oft LappurteandChaeau beargauxs Claret, 20rdostrent Nof. Ina' Mrand,la Animensoe lublge ofCle Sautserone,-aandHc-2 caiasesi eofeple randyt1 codtonPacfobrown. dtto,esilcaseso oius, a few osofPases ofd forteid noticleMrschn, and nuerusseau anfe gramnalloso spiits,land"a qMniyEfSS.ottebEs- Amlesmaycl SOupNS paymen fELrthe sm,AndCatalOgues obtteire onothe premses anfodstt of a the autineer 17,Raton-gHI AYrden. r2ocokpmtaly n aitlmdr Vaon-an lUablNe Fr inhexds.- ntrmonditio, Surrey, et 0 cbI IGGar carday'cs,onl aonday seth ofdnisgt.,atl12, byfforder ofnth surv~iving rsee andT exnor gas, lofortesal of teer laesMrito,,Geores Stevens,avluabeds FborEEOL HOks,Busselsuky and(crne tBA er' SHOP, bNo. 11, rea Georg-pstret Ambbey-street Frermnchbdsytear ati £an pe annu rednt; andaFetehold ous and Shop' w-sd-obmng No.aw02 Greas-tiiGeo rgestre;ingt£3I pser' annu, lande ltaxredeleme P ansadraticularcis, mlaybe had ofMr.ou Josephl aintor, the xcu tor es' RMay-street,dRussell-street, aemndseyo;n Mr. Phllip, dcale- Nior. 17, Essmfexd-streemt, WStrandMr. Thorru. xumphrs, scitor 14,- auctioner. 61, eaduneall-street. sesration, P'aintings by the ancient ad modr masters PatelS. 1,O000vols. OfBooks, elegantly bossed, Ornamental Objects, andnumesrous Effects. 1l,ESSRS. OXEHARAJ and SONS wil SELL by ILAUCTION, on the Premises, con Monday. Mey 19, and following day, at12 o'clock each day, theverysuperior modemn lURNXITURE. in beautiful preservation, including a truly elegant walnut-treedrawing room suite, most complete, covered in satin damask, with cturtains en suite, splendid chimney and couonle glasses, also otrandoles, several of which were purchased from the Great Exhibition of 105: the dining room, library, and mnorning room fuxniture of choioe Spanish mahogany includes a noble pedestal sideboard, set of dining tables, ebairn, sofa, and easy chairs covered in morocoo. bookcases, writing tables &c., proof engravings after laudseer. paintings by the ancient and modern mastrs including choice specimens by Miss-is Decker, Wouvee-nans. lances-t, Etty, Hart, Allom- Tether, A3zdrew,, and other celebrated m'astes-s 1,000 voLs. of hooks elegntly hound, embracing the worksB of most of the standard authors ; th bedcamber furniture of theusuadesezption, mantel clocks, as-ticles of vein, and numeros effects3. May be viewed on the Friday and Saturday antecedent and mornings of sale, and catalogue had; also at Messr-s. Oxenbam's offices 353. Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. Sale To-morrow.--69, Queen-street, city.-Undei, an Execution.-To Families and others Frnmlsbing,-Elegaut and well-manufvatured Household Furniture a. Collection of valuable Proof Prmnts,a finetoned Cottage Pianoforte, a wrought-iron Repository, a costly walnut-tree drawing-room Suite, rich velvet pile and Btrssels Carpets, Chimneyv Glasses, Chinak and Cat glass, niumerous Effects, removed from the Residence. MR. LEWIS begs to announce 'he is~ instructed to MSELL by A-UCTION, at his War-erooms. 69. Queen-street. two doosrafrom New Canson-etreet. city, THIS DAY, (Friday), May 16, at 12 o'clock, the superb~ FUIli,'I RIE, consisting of a costly walnuttree drawing room suite, richly gasred, Av., seyes-l chimney glsasas* handsomne carved tables, elegant cheffoners fitted up writh plate glass, rich velvet pile carpets, proof and other prints, a tine-toned cottage Piano, bronres, Dresden china ornamests, and other drawing room itemns. The library and dining rooms are furnished in Spanish mahog_an, and includetwo sets of telescope diningtables, a 3noble carrel sideoard, sets of chairs and lounges covered in morocco. a few oil Painttugs, pedestal writing table. ironk safe; and in, the principal bad rooms, ace noble carved pilar, four-post, and Arabian bedstoads, fitted with damnask hanglia&-, with clean and suitable bedding, handsome toilet and winged wardrobes, chests of mnabocany and japan drawers, doube an sinle-hle rashtand, rlinafittings, bedstepa, bidets, Bruselscarets he, hndsme hindiner,tea, and dessert services, a clletio o prnts ok hll hars,hal cocf n aomtr e japan tem., nd inumerabe useul andomametalefcs utdt West Htam, EaseL -lI,EsSRS. ERoNiLEY and soN wil SELL by 11AUCTION. an AWedne-day.tJun 4. at 12, at the Martin: One lo.FUI COTTAGE RIESID)1±(CM, Nsss. 4, 5, 6, and 7, Marianterace EP Isistow-Iaue. West Ham, lentaLl £70 per annum; lerma SS yer;gro "d rent £9. May be riewed. Particulars at the Swan amai King' Head Innsf. S3tratford: RL Glynes, Esq.. salcitor, Crescent Winorics; plce kale; and of the auctioneers, 17, CommUerCial-road, St. Georres est Betalgc. TfESSRS. BROMLEY and SO-N will SELL by .J.ILAUCTION, at the Alart. onWedneadar,June 4.at 12,without reserve, eligible PREMISES. built for a ublio-bouse, known as ther V-IctOTia Amis, and Two Dwelling-houmsMwit Shops, Wiliam-set, near the entrance of the VTictoris Plark Cemetesy Bethual.green: rentS.S£S.Ma BeROMLEd Y Ptlulsahd atN the SalonLEL byBrAUrn,CTIpN,on. andneDary, JoiCitiS 4.a 2 h Mears. byiner of the aucutioners. R HL 3wybitDELx.OSj Suini reod Inme estAent, SH eP. eydro. with eersonmen To f saa soed an increased Iretentocupie TJESSRS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by .JLAUCTION, en Wednesday, Junie4. at12atthe Mart, by order-E atthe AsgExecu tors LEAEHOI ne GOWLy-b with Posessio)o tb&~ sndcorers AKRs SHO.ohll 7.pe Noldrwoad. the eontr of teahhratdel larsad t thBle Achor Ol-roa,gtt they enJeheosine aopppsite th Commecial Gsworks essrs.Sutridean verancis, selicltor, InBankre.-o upticyn.ndOhe JESSRIS. BROMLEY and SON\ wil SELL by.3 A OTON. P h lr,on Wednesday, Jun me 4. at t 1_Mrt by order o ofthe Assignees. th LEArSEandelShOODW IL(wthVE esina) oT th MUEE TS. Betnal PreLIC-NoUs.E.4, and TEA-GA'sRDENS adesoura sitato eratb Weso-stree, Upear Nro nfoto the high U. kcr-tJn ratd. edng. 7, Uho-the Cyt,lPlcen adjoining Th no:YIg hte newpolixc ad, ack ofd Count Court, held on lease tooAr G4 years ath ve5rylnumw trent, o2 obl ea40 pe nnmaay be viewed. Particula a f3rs haderonf Meolstrs, 3,MerahaberoLerdal-street- fJ.Ncolo,EJ. ffca Aeiguc, 2n. Easq. fiuhal. tre;adathautioneers, 17, COnmme rcial-roa d, St. Geo rgee s east. iN1ESSRSN ROMILEY and SON -%fll SELL by ATJCION atthe art onWedneEayw, June 4, at 12, by order of the Assignees of Mr. Samquel Sheen, idwtWELVEtofin smlTeNEgsees,TS. BEthA-geen, OsL4D 5n COTAG REIot'Xs-row,h saod,fu wditto, plxhiesret easat l- iut athe ltnstge Sunx.Wtroo-~town andfiy 20 ears,o aet t M£2 s a z per annumgon-etDwling-hould and 3- ers t No. 7 Unin-steet,adioningheUnon Fag. nlocsea~r M a,thtrc1t of he hurh; et n larnto r. rims a £3 pr aninum ; term,10 sears Maye viwed.Partculas haof rarticuderson sLicitofr.. OY.LAUCION,at he Mrte Wedesdy. une 4IOa N2,b orWder of te Asienes f Mr Sauel hee, anawiheconentofor thverMort gages. TO LEbEHOD COTAGERESdeNCS FREtH OodL gardes, learatlv ituat at eytost of, E hex, opposat sttheion a lo ret. Aso Leaehod Hose,6, Nar-oad,hnearse, ndtwo eet yEaS gon A enTI £6s ayb veed ariulars tWadroi Mr Head.r n, solicior 34,M 19ecac .mes,Latd1euylrder.sof andsrs Parnderland Taqea ila e,slctrs,n34. New Btropes, streeta, city; alo f J ihlsn c. ofil as cfoiune,24 ]ainbal streetI city;palaeesn of dol ; and of The a iuctioneers, Ai.Conercial numery. Leytonstoton, MAESSRS.P clan SON RIare bee direcavoued wth itrctthet SL PremCise- onleWedneodn Jun Lowinstad,o hrdy pi 7 asd heetofoesdadvertised0 atd12. at th1 at2 i eea lots, SEVEndmodhern Freen-ouspIlans RESIDtTareNS,pesny tut,adfrigtewoeo the whctoleerresetal teAm d rdcn ena f£5 ean tw TmalreO ld cottagers, t gardens, aii lre cahbam ndto stables' also fournvauabley p00lots ofusfrehld buildigrouand SInLhorearoERYhprincip aly bevewed,ck Pariticuldarsyt ithorraphica~lousn,myb had at the Aoo gelo and Bepioonn,stn Bl A Int.eBow; iatePersioRicard SandSo, solicitrows, Ma6,Cow-cut, Ol2. BRoa-sret T. SHLwis,EWq. sRveyr,espJon-treet, infopms placeofpsale;handotthe'AncTIoneUIA7. oftmeral-oad, St.LEorge'su Tog Eaexhiinthenl-ors elmen,Forists,pand onthers. out rTis.oiy AoUC1tIsofNhesm n fthePremises,Warickhoue, Warwicn.kpC. P.mLcrer no q. REAviY threUVR. eihRauh) U-thewhl o hs COILECIOl ofgrenhose nd eddngPLAnts, onsisvatingo Suespeime arlcaindra f Te coicst orts;scarect,ovriegathed, Comlas ;alsorSu Obscur giglanteu, P im aCifla,renbrualm, puGnrtatuMarlbum,ugc;togecthe wit twon gMaynoue, eigh t2wrO-ly andone igTURb oxe,propgatingoo classe,acpilirnor.wr trbellireswork tuarn ingblathe, co boxes, anudyefet.Myb viEewed priorsoeth saldote-carptcAgEamyeaothpe.o wthehaprincialseeddmning wardrones; bandofthauioer,A rca nuresery,taLestontoile, Esmsex. ehnreul May e viwecLTomrowGentleen catloguets,n otes ZESSRS. WieapelOTihEROEand MORRSaar dircte toSELbyAUCIO.o theL Prmies Mile-eNd Nursey, Bo-roadPMidlesex.on TMesday, AandWdnesay, Mayo 20 h and2l, sIll 'clck each ay, 12,00 edn andtioeter, greenoultry ye,Godil bed vFiewdthree o day prierts themisae. Catal'ogues R. otb pLREmises; wrincELa h Peies i M or the22dof My the T cedAmen inSE Lsnop,salng;andco peaucticoneersbyMr A Dericannusr, friabunaigtyna,rEsrex. nig a Toy o retLofeingenraperOpHosiratundt forlkyineresrosstoc. menc,WretedsneR BU'RTON arroW.IoTell,bysAI..ol.i.r N,absom rawy Ldaehl, onThsday t 2d of May,at E1dpunctually, St00amsota fofusefulprAemis and tiuctinerCEofloes, pnaa new Bodstre,ork Onp vewrday psrior, adet oGres ad okat theuroos re by-poe tulTluboadcmctF lc Int1fermediate Periouddical eutfu SaegT-orown,May16 aentimb2. hAR.. B.W IC S JTTEONTS respetrctfuldtnorSEL £lesstheviusllyeipse fb thVt RICUaRe ContfcJthe above dIesincbluding 20 share inwhthe rintlo-pmano ars Cthampew- andptheabsolute antum. are now reaDly for distibuEion, 3 zm omyueladofSaue THStW d EsENIN, andicthree22 folloerng evening (letSaturday andJamesp Joex epted,ate 6.-By, S7OUi-trAt,Ceapie andBtEP at the aciroomsr, 72, Fleet-street, rseo-qae ESSGRS.NG aEBNd Aoo SOf RRt, ofd aOS ain- 12, inabxlotandimportanoftcharer by order of the. EecUtar ofithe.a eatalogues had.~wih onse teron runghLam.ehreeds,rILn tnCarts Cwel,andetr Euffects, ENrR. OBERTRSEI)wLL SL b t A CIOis Rtothe .L l Grat arlorughsda eet ony Monday1, may19,e aot the proecisely FrisingITurE comprisingtlao,ncard, occastein ona-l,ancy,andothr, tabls,uetsrf cairs,t sid9ebo nu.ard,stsofrdinngdabes,chimne2, bcad pir glasse, Brusels nd othr carets, renchandsrabianibdteainDsn withhaning, bddig, ardobe, cest ofdrpers, asn.s t a.d dresin tale, tile gasss, ithenreqistes,an cOther situate in Mayb vieed t-morow, hen atalguesmay erhd.cn etlo No. 5, hitehapl Hgh-srec.ToTaloathenlas Oilmeon Mr, and othrs,Lea o exensve remses an Plnt ndToodwienofam. Thousehadierand tilmn.-ae or-tet MTh APETERSBRoADichnae wi SELL byAAUCION ..aT hsoffices t8. Poultry on Modneday, May219 at 12foin lthe b BieFction LES of the Eeuos abovepect portanto and sai ous DWELI. fact-OryUlfS, No..wt bac Sethntrlance,Ont larewtl thep,saled artin. horsean codtinin the prr faemises; to ro thckeyauton eaer, 28:6, Poulry. Lase Goodwill pbehandFixtrsown anBotcher'sion Premhises,late iua dwR.g-oseintedda.lesex,ondlser akutcyadi.te0CIltO f Mrl onth21 of M 30.ay,teLaSES loftre HcoUSE, sop,stablringtband peadidokheld by Mr.Deacon, lefoMr abenteighat z3 years.rmanin,a are meylow rental,b offweringa rrtedpaortuitcufarsn ontaedesru of Mesn. Taenae, or etendbusitness Partcbnars fomlicitores, Eustifnasolicitor, 4,GetRede-stree, Se.James'To furomtery prem nFoises. n teau t thersoies NewtBond-stret, onrWedesdyrMB 3.at-er-street. Greuateliokhnd Surr.xTh trulyl valuable. aosittndgomat Freeold Esttree of aboun.wth50 acres,wlyeetharrugtanceianted racge, ofwnaser wil r teldhue surroulende by eautifl Tarde,ns, an'd onell-timbre byer aaUCTlION,aGaprorawae,uron Wdn heesdauray1,stle, luoa- lesorauevpioulydisoed of9bye PrivateCnrct,romthe sncoledesiraP,be- etaktehae nowreadycutforydistribtion,.n mAtiuay itia ad oftSamue ones We.tate ageobant,d2,MIlk-astpreetvpidesly and of thAuctioneear, ofinoBakotcyGa-VanmuabheoLife;Policeyiesndbefersiondtodonap.eya I !%on ihtn,adEBENth CaMt SETaORR Coeand. SOc-swill AUy-trCTO,atGmaa'onWdedyMa1,t P~ P'EA KE is directedl by M1r. George Ftnrress, 2 JAContractor, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, as above~,. an Thursday, Mtay22, at 12, (he havnug cmPletedbs Tsanions en~ Inents with the directorij a considerable quantity of STOCK anW:~f FLEMBNTS-is-TRAs21)i comprising an assortment of timber. in ,ago scantlings, Plankis, deals, and battens, rsAwn and iuasawn, 15,00 brickis,. truckD, dongs ands eclouresbYarp.AClenter sOps and anabiengt ancpi j Tuerbuwrg,ldes trestens, brckharros Wrioldn,verrora machine,useu atn,and te items. Mnayw Be vee h oa Onsae,. atdrataloguegshadbaTe MrB. Peaks's of nces.44.Tooer-steet BaPiouthof rok ryfrr.tv 2diiht ae Ano60St Paebaul'sTe in chrichyrd.Par Coleto Pofperptalo ancildentan modernnPictures of, thedvant, Rschcoee B ARCIA wil SELL by AUCTION, AS above, AT, May)1, May %d d To- orrow,oan asem i o Sre o-ly PICTUES- icludig theentombet, Vandaletta - HoyFmiy,.. Ostae; qiiping Vatdevelt; Had,Grere;and others by aue Gl Terborg Hubens Shuaen Metru HoThein Amsdel VBoiLsquz c On viw. Ctaloues s abve. ,B. One advacedo every det-,
