DEATHS. On the 16th inst.. at Pan, in France, alter a linigering illness, aged 25, Jane Colgate, daughter of Mr. Henry Holman, of REngt Hotbly, Susex, surgeon. on the 16th Int.at Blake.place, Bridgewater, Joxn King, Esq., form erly of Chiltn PoldenL in the 76thL year of his age. On the 15th inst, at his residence, Grove House, Hoylake, Cheshire after a few dayW iness, MAior-GeneraAJohnnl)-inwaterSyers,Beag4 Army, aRed 55. On Monday, the 15th inst., at 11, Park-place, Regent's-park, Maria, daughter of the late G. Levien. F-q. On the 20th inst., at Upper Tooting, Iondon. sincerely regretted, Xatherine.the beloved wife f . Brandt, seq., tot the firm ot H. Mars and Brandt) in her 21,1 year. On the elst inst., at WVoolwich, Jessie Philadelphia, wife of lNoblet FbiMPs, Esq,. On the 21st inst.. at Cae Renvie, near Abergavenny, Sarah Loulse, the beloved wife of Williama Foster Ilatt, Esq. Ont the 21et inst., at 5, Wilton-square, Dublin, of bilious fever, RichardBourke, Req., aged 45. On the 21st inst., in Cambridge-termace. Hyde-park, Harriet Hare, relct of Dr. James Hare. jun., of CaIder Hall, N.B., iu the 75th year .fher age. On the 22d inst., at Chislehmut, Rent, in his S°d year, Mr. Stent. On the RId iust., at Brighton, after a protracted ilines, aged 78' Joseph Trueman, Esq., formerly of Walthamstow. On the 22d ins'.. at Clapham-park, aged nine months, Constance, daughter of Henry Gurney. Ou the22d inst., at her residence. 23. Clareuce-square, Cheltenham. in the 76thyear of her age, Ann, widow of the late James Loveday, On the Rd inst., at Clayfield House, Southampton, Samipson Payne, Req,., Mayor, aged 18 On the 22d inst., Mr. W. Tongue, of Wornley, Hests. On the 22d inst., Elizabeth. the beloved vrife of Mr. Thomas Blun. dell, 123, St John-street, Clerkenwell, aged 60. On the R2d inst., at Randolph-road, Maida-hill, ChriEtopher Weston Pagan. REsq., of the Bengal Civil Service, aged 45. On the 22d inst., at Farnuborough, Varwiekshire, Wiliam Holbech. Rzq., in his Rd year. Onnthe22d inst. at Bow Lodge, Bow, Jane Marriott, the beloved wife ofMr. hDavid Saul, after a prolouned and painililness, in the 75Uth year of her age. On the 22d inst., smexpectedly, 'Mary Ann, wife of George Gwilt, of Southwsark, Esq., and daughter of the late WliWiamn Applegath, Commanderof theLE.RLC. ship Europa.and Mary lhs wife, inlan advanced period of her 72d year.- On the Rd inst., aftera very short illness, William Doe Belch }-q., Mayor of the borough of Abingdon, aged 67. He was reru timos mnayor of his native town, to the interests of which he devoted many Years or an energetic and useful life. Hs unexpected death is Eeverely fell by his family and a wide circle of jfriends.
ON TEE QUARANTINE ESTABLISHED AT NAPLBS, CIVITA VECCHLA, &-c. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the quarantine has been established by the Neapolitan and Pontifical Governments at Messina, Naples, and Civita Vecchia, it may be useful to inform travellers of the detention and obstruction to which they may be subjected if they are proceeding from the East en route through Italy. It will be useless to inquire into the causes of that offensive restriction, as far as removing these delays of travellers,though it maybe useful to inquire into the alleged cause-the existence of fever in the East and its introduction into Italy by travellers. I think, Sir, the shortest way to represent the facts of the case is to mention niy own. On reaching Malta on the 4th of May, having been five days coming from Constantinople, I was obliged to wait four days till the French steamer Orontes started from la Valetta. When we reached Messina we found a quarantine established there of seven days, at Naples of 10 days, and at Civita Vecchia of five days. It was my purpose to land at Naples on a tour through Italy, after my Crimean expedition, as a recreation after the fatigues of an eastern campaign. Many others may be tempted to do the same, and have the mortification to find every possible obstacle to the freedosi of travelling. I therefore mention the circumstances as a caution and guide to traveUers who do not wish to incur the horrors of quarantine as well as the aunoyances of being delayed and being put to much additional expense. I was obliged therefore, to go on to Leghorn, where there is no quarantine; nor is there any at Genoa, although numerous Sardinisn troops have come here from the Crimea. Some statement of the facts, in reference to the conduct of the Neapolitan and Pontifical Governments which have induced them to institute this absurd and most annoying quarantine, mcay be mentioned. These Governments, through their boards of health, allege the existence of a fearful amount of typhus fever at Constantinople, and the probability that this fever may be propagated by the passengers and crews coming from Malta and landing on the Italian coast; therefore they conceive it their duty to guard the piblic against a dangerous contagion. Now, Sir, let me explain the matter seriatim. There is, undoubtedly, a good deal of typhus fever in some of the French hospitals in the vicinity of Constantinople. As a physician! doing duty at Scutari I have been interested in the treatment of fever, and have several times visited the French hospitals. 3No less a number than 129surgeons from the British Hospitals at Scutari assisted the French surgeons in their arduous duties. The testimony of all these gentlemen is valuable. At the several meetings of the Imperial Medical Society of Constantinople, of which I am a member, the subject of fever has been freely discussed-its causes, nature, and treatment. The distinguished president of that society, Dr. Boudance, the head of the French Military Hospitals, Dr. Linton, G.B., Inspector-General, and Dr. Lawson, Deputy-Ispector-Ge. neral of the Scutari Hospi-als were present at these discussions, and 50 or 60 English, French, Italian, and Greek physicians and surgeons, military aind civil, resident in Constantinople, were also present. I have been in frequent conversation with the medical officers of the French hospitals and with the civil physicians in Pera, &c., and I have never heard that there was any general fever in Constantinople or its neighbourhood. That some cases might exist in a population of nearlylhalf a million is probable, but these cases were very few in number, and exist as solitary cases always do in very large capitals everywhere. The typhusfeverin the rench hospitals, chiefly broueht down from the Crimea, is almost exclusively confined to the hospitals. The public has no access to these hospitals, and there has never been any spread or extension of fever from the hospitals into the town of Pera,and when I left the fever vas rapidly declining in frequency and severity, and no uneasiness was felt about its diffusion. The fever was entirely localized in the hospitals. Moreover, when the French convalescent soldiers are suficiently recovered they are sent home to AMarseilles. -No sick soldiers are sent to Malta, and when I was atMaltarecentlythere was a French line-of-battle ship there, but no sick troops at all. Now, English vessels comingfrom Constantinbple always touch at M1alta, but I never heard of any cases of fever being brought there, and I believe there is no disease, at Malta, except the ordinary ruL of complaints at this season. On board the French mail steamer, with 50 to 60 persons, there was not a single case of sickness, and a perfectly clean bill of health could have been presented at Naples and Civita Vecchia. On reaching Genoa I found the large English steamer Mredway, of the Royal West India Steam Company, Captain Hiammach, had just landed about 250 Sardinian troops, 30 officers, and 200 horses, at Spezzia. Dr. Rudd, the surgeon of the ship, informed me that these troops came from the Crimea, and not a single case of fever had occurred during the voyage. All these facts show that there is no contagious fever in Constantinople nor at Malta. Upon what principle, then, has the Board of Health at Naples or Pome established the quarantine ? Surely their decision is a palpable evidence of gross ignorance of the laws of contagion. Theyhave stultifiedthernselvesmostgrievously andshowhow utterly they are unfit to perform their dauties to the public. Tobar out and obstruct;tbetraveller,who, likemyself, is glad to make a holyday through Italy, is a barbarous restriction, and as an expedient to keep fever out of the country is ignored by every board of health in Europe. That any European board of health should act on such dat4z and such hypotheses as the Roman andiNeapolitan Governments have done is to exhibit lansentable ignorance and a persevere folly in[throwing hindrances in the path of travellers. At this time of the year, when travelling is so common, it would be extremely gratifying to find that so powerful a journal as The Times had brought public attention to the subject, and that sonie appeal sliould be made to the Governments of Naples and Rome to relax, or rather entirely toremove, this most unnecessary and vexatious quarantine. T .n- F;r -- k-+ P.OBF T WOLLASTON, NrT-n Genoa. WAy 18. Mledical Staff, Scutari, ESb53ATES POR CiVm SERVIOES.-A general abatract of the grants to be proposed for civil services for 1856, compared with similar charges for 18S55, has been published byorder of tle Eouse of Commons. The mo=t for 1856 is G,740,6481., against 6,582,6131. in 1855, thus exhibitingam increase of 158,0351. on the present year. There is an increase of 145,2401. on public works and buildings; 204,7281. ozi the salrzies, hc., of publie departhnents; 10,8251. on law and justice; 45,2671. on education, science, and art; 7,8571. on superannuation allowances; and 54,3881. on miscellaneous matters QITo. 8). There is. a decrease of 8,0791. on class 5; and 202,1911. on class 7- (colonial and foreign services, and asceflanevus, special, and temporary objects3. - [Advertisement.}4n consequenceof the illness of Lady Aahbnston -her party, annunoeed for to *worrow, ga.tolr4y, the 24th ln¶st,, i8 anaoidabl;' postpoiied
IRELAIND. (FPr.or OUP. OW COPPESPONDENT.) DtfBLIN, FRIDAY MORNINXG. THE T]PPERAItY BANK. Subjoined is a report of the jud6ment dlelivered yesterday by the Mlaster in Chancery in the case of the English dupes of -Mr. John Sadleir, claiming exemption from liability as Shareholders in the Tipperary Bank swindle. So far luck has been against them. The next step will be an appeal to the Master of the Rolls, anid legal mea. who have closely watched these proceedings from beginning to end speak with the utmost confidence of the reversal of the judgment by the higher Coiurt. Lawyers, however, as well as doctors, agree to differ, and it would be quite idle to place any faith inL such speculations. After some preliminaly remarks, in the course of wlhich he cited several cases applicable to the ipresent motion, Mr. Murphy proceeded to say:- , It appears in evidence that, up to tbe month of May, 1855, only about 4,500 shares, comprising part of the original capital of 10,000, bad been issued. and that then steps were taken to issue the remaining 5,500. It also appeared that at that tihue there was substantially no court of directors in operation, and that MIr. James Sadleir, the original and conF tinuing managinlg director, took upon himself, as he had all along practically (lone, to act in the managementof the company's affairs. These shares were disposed of by means of using the name of Mr. Austin Farrell, and they, or some of them, wvere entered in his nanmein thebocoksof the company, and the whole were chaTged to his account in the company's books-so iar as the evidence goes-without his Lnowledge; but he executed the transfers as if the shares were his property; and furtlier, itappears that the transferees executedto him deeds of covenant in accordance with the form given in the English acbt th and 9th Victoria, butnot with that theretofore in use by the company. In thisstate of facts the official manager, acting on the part of all the shareholders whose liability has been admitted or adjudged, relies on the following matters as establishing the liability of these 54 shareholders to contribute, and to be retained on his list for that purpose :-Firstly, the execution by these alleged shareholders of the deeds of transfer; secondly, the certificates 'which were signed by Mr. James Sadleir, the managing director, as well as others; thirdly, the payment by these alleged shareholders of their purchase nioney ; fourthly, the entry of their names in the company's register book, which is made conclusive by the 162d cluse of the deed of which they had notice, and by which they are bound according to its express terms ; fifthly, the receipts for dividend warrants signed by such of them as received dividends, thereby actually participating in the profit, or supposed profit, of the company; sbxthly. the supplementary return made in October, 1S55,to the office, in which these narties' names are returned as shareholders- and seventhly, the Dublin Gazoee, published, I believe, in Kanuary, in which their names are m lik-e mnanner to be found. All these different acts by which in lawv, as well as according to the ordinary usage and effect of business transactions of this nature, show. it is plain, that these parties intended to become shareholdersthat they acted upon that intention by paying their purchase money, and (as to such of them as did receive them) receiving their dividends ; and that they held themselves out, and were by and through their own acts held out, not only to the world at large, but also to the other shareholders, as persons fully entitled to participate in the profits, with, of course, a corresponding liability to the losses of the company. It appears to me to require a very strong case indeed, either in point of law or fact, to relieve them now from such a liability. No doubt irregularities (I am not now dealing with the case of fraud)-no doubt irregularities of a grave and important nature took place in the management of the affairs of the company, and in the particular transactions relating to the mode: of transfer of the shares in question; but upon full consideration of all the authorities referred to on this head, and the arguments applied to. the construction ofthe Acts of Parliament bearing or supposed to bear upon it, and the evidence before me, I have arrivedl at the conclusion that there is not sufficient ground to justify nse in holding that these transfers were per se invald. It appears from the case of 'Stambock v. Ternly' (9 Gunon, p. 566), that the mere use of Austin Farrell's name or agency in the matter woould not invalidate them; and, under the circumstances appearing in evidence, I am also of opinion that (as between the party now litigant) the want of consent of the court of directors cannot have that effect, nor can any other of the informalities pointed out by the learned counseL for these contributories. It has beencontended that these irregularities, or some of them, constituted matters:of substance, and that there is a clear distinction between matters of form and what are called matters of substance. It may be, and I think it would, in transactions of this nature, as between an existing company and an incoming shareholder, be exceedingly dangerous for shareholders themselves to hold such a doctrine as that informal consents and informal or neglected returns should deprive inconiing shareholders of their property, or affect innocent shareholders by cancelling liability. I now come to the second and very serious ground of objection by the fraud, by means of which these parties were induced to take their shares. That fraud, gross, elaborately contrived, and unhappily successful, it is impossible to palliate. I wil not repeat its details, already so fully before the court and the public. I have to considerits legal effect on the present case. I think it right and not irnmaterial on this head to observe as regards the general body of the proprietors, that they were neither parties nor privy to it. So far as the evidence before me went, they had no reason to Xnow or believe that they had not three directors to watch over their affairs-namuely, flr. James Sadleir, 3Mr. Kiennedy, who did not withdraw till after the general meeting in February, and for aught that appears only quietly and constructively. These two gentlemen were fromn 1 842 the paid directors and managers. There was also Sir. Vincent Scully, who had been appointed in the p lace of Isis deceased uncle, who was an original director and named as one of the court. I don't think that any case of creases vegligentia has been made out against them. Mr. John Sadleir was not a director, nor was Mr. Keating; they were, however, both shareholders in one capacity or another. According to 'Bums v. Pennell,' in 2d House of Lords Cases, 497, and the other cases cited on the point, the fraud committed by eitlier of the persons so circum. stanced, or his representatives, could not protect the other shareholders, whom I may justly call the victims of such fraud, from liability. Whether the fraud if distinctly brought home to Mr. James Sadleir, the managing director, could affect the innocent shareholders, either as a general proposition, or, under the circumstances of this case, is, as I may say, a question not, as lconceie, yet;finalydetermined. That very eminent judge, Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce, who is convessant with cases of this kiind, has laid dowvn in clear and unequivocal language that it would not. In ' Dodgson's case' and other cases; and in ' Barnard's case,' 16th Jttn'tst, 810, Vice rIParker refers to' Dodgson's case' as an absolute decision:-'That though such fraud mightboa ground for holding an individual not liable to the directors who were guilty of the fraud,it was no ground for disputing the liability to the general bcody of the shareholders, as the directors could not be their agents to commit a fraud,' On the other hand, Lord Campbell, in his judgment in 'Bumns v. Pennell,' before referred to, p. 522, states:- 'If the directors have made false represenfations for the purpose of fictitiously enhancing the price of shares for their own benefit, and the appellant has thereby been deceived and induced to purchase shares greatly beyond their value, the transfer of the shares, although executed, ought to be set aside.' It is not very clear from this case wlhether the proposition intended to be laid down was that such a transaction would be set aside in toto as against the other innocent shareholders, as well as the directors, who were wparties to the fraud; nor whether it vwould, be set aside after the dissolution of the company, as in the pre. sent case. I have paid every attention to the cases upon the general principle of transactions of an authorized agent in matters not connectedwitha partnership of this nature, and fully admit their applicability to such transactions; but I cannot take uopon myself to act on them in this case.' Bell's case, lately decided by the Master of the Rolls in England, has been referred to. The shorthand writes's notes of the judgment were produced, and I have since been furnished with briefs and otherpapers relating to the case, fromwhich it appears to have been a very special one. The company was totally insolvent, and had Tractically ceased, it having been resolved to carry on no further business, nothwithstanding which a flourishing prospectus was put forward stating that the business was daily and largely increasing, and that it wasproposed to issue new shares. Bell was, in fact, employed m these circumstances as a canvasser to pass shares - and free shares whicb, according to the deed of settlement the directors had no power whatever to issue, were allotted, or supposed to have been allotted. Hme paid-nothing there was no entry or eturn of his name on the registry; he received nonting-h p executed no deed; in fact, there was nothing but the certificates issued to him, and the company was almost iomnediatewV afterwands wound up. In these ero cumnstances it was held that be could I ot be deemed a contributory. That case does not *appear to *me to govern the p resent case, which is in so many respects distinguishable rom it. WhatevermaybefinaZlly determined by a competent tribnnal to bethelavwouthis point, I must, in the present state of the decisionsu onthe subject, holdmyselfboundbythevery hig,h authority ofthe tw o Vice-Ckancellors of lingland. There is, however, one matter to 'which itis necssary to direct attention upon thispart of the case, namely, that according to strict legal pnnciple, the evidencisnot in my judgment, sufcient to affect Br. James Sadleir with direct participation inthe'fraud complained of prior orcontemperaneousor before the transaction was completed. Fraudas betweentheparty complaining and the party complained against must, according to our law, be fully and clearly proved. It cannot be presumed or made out by mere iference. This rnIo must prevail a fortio'i when the rights of third parties are concerned in ard depend on the establishment of the fact. I have already stated that if the fraud were that of John Sadleir alone it could not exempt these contributories from liability. I may say so especially in the particular case where it appears these parties were all interested in the losidon and County Bank, of which Mr. Jobn Sadleir was the chairman. He, no doubt, most, fraudulently used his influence antd that of his agents in effecting his-objects An affidavit has been sworn by Ms. Kelly, in which be positively btates that the fraudulent prospectus and balancesheet did not come from the bank of Clonmel, and that his name was used without his authority. -- 3SI RKeatinge also, and I a;n sure, most truly, denies all participation in the Yraud. It is clearthat he wealcy allowed bmself tsbe made the tool of a man who appears to have secured a wonderful ascendancq over the minds of all who came within his reach; but vwth the exception of one circuistance, to which I shall presently advert, there is nothing whatever to show in the shape of direct proof that James Sadleir knew anything 'hatever of the prospectus or balance-sheets, or that he knew anything about the Misre. presentations relied on. That circumstance is, that ia thei end of the year 1855, or in the begining of 1856, a copy of I that balace-sheet 'was shown to him before the account of '56 was nmade out, and that such an account. was afterwards taken from. the books, and was not, in daceoreacel wifls the balance sheet. What cccurred on that occ4a1 )son is 'ot fus~ther stated. r'=; tbdifor4, on thiq point, of opinioni that, as between the alleged and admitted contributions, the fraud, as iuiputed to James Sadleir, has not been safficlently established by strict legal proof to form a ground for legal decision. 1, however, decide the questioxi before me independently of this last point, to which, however, it was mny duty to advert. I have given the case the hest consideration I coald bestow upon it, and the resnlt of that consideratiou is, that I do not feel mxyself justified in remioving these parties from the list of contributories. They must, accordingly, sta-nd on the list. In conclusion, I consider myself at litelty to stbate, in a case of such magnitude anud imIportance as this is, wshat I would not state in any ordiary case, that if I have been wrong in the conclusion to slich I have come, that error can be, and is sare to be corrected by a higher tribunaL." TEn SCHOOL,rASTh1 ABROAD. Tlle fact of two out of four of the non-foundation schola-ships, recently thrown open to all creeds by Trinity College, having been gained this time by Roman Catholics elicits the following renlarks frdm the Noilhea-zt Whig, a leading organ of Dissent "Trinity College, Dublin, has only now. after a lapse of three centuries, partially-ve hope not reluctantlyacknowledged that learning is of no creed. The truth is an old one,but the ADglo-Izish mindbasalways seen itthrough the 'Worst of all glasses-Irish histmry. Scholar-hps have been, at last, founded for Romnan Catholics in TrinityCollege, Dublin. This is a great step in advance; but, as the original scbolarships are stiU shut up from them, the principle ofexclusion remains intact. The colleee authorities have, however, done aU t'hat in them lies; Parliament alone can do anything further to put all sects on an equality in the examination hall This concession was long in coming, but better latethan never. We hope that it is but the beginning of a series. Our old Irish university has already distinuisbed itself by the liberality of its adaministration, as alel as by the attainments of its members. We are glad to see it has taken the lead in throwing open its honours to talent of nll creeds," THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 93 931 * ditto, for account, June 9, 93, ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 93'1 * ditto, for account, June %, 93M; Bank Stock3, 225. 'Uiiways.- Dublii and Drogheda(751. paid), 64; ditto, New Thirds (251. p aid), 211; ditto, Guaranteed 5 per Cent. (251. paid), 251; aseat Southern and Western (50L. paid),52A; ditto, Ei-ghths, 6 per cenlt. preSerence (61. 5s. paid), 1F; ditto, 4 per cent. preference (12l. paid), 11; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (oOL. paid), 51; ditto, for account, 51; Waterford and Limerick (501. paid), 224.
I NORTHEPaVOWN -DRAINA GP SCHEME OF THE METROPOLIS. A.t the Weekly meeting of the Metropolitan Board of Works, yesterday, in the Council Chamber of Guldhall, -Mr. ThIvaites, the president, in the chair-Mr. Bazalgette, the engineer to the Board, propounded his scheme for the main drainage of the metropols on the north side of the Thames, in an elaborate report, the reading of which occupied upwards of an hour. It involves the execution of a gigantic series of public works, at an estimated aggregate expense of upwards of 1,5O,0001. The entire area from which it is proposed to intercept the sewage from flowing into the Thamies, as at present comprises about 59 square miles, and to drain this immense district he contemplates the construction of four main lines of intercepting sewers, which will have the effect of subdividing the wvhole into four separate drainage areasviz., the northern high level, andthe middle level areas, from which the sewage would be conveyed hy gravitation to high wvater at Barking-creek; the low level area, from which the sewage wvould be pumped into the high level outfall, common to the three areas already named; and the western area, for which two alternative propositions will be laid before the Board for ita selection. The northern high level sewer, as proposed, commences by a junction with the Fleet sewer at the foot of Hampstead-hill, and proceeds in a continuous line until it reaches the river Lea, Nvhich it crosses by an aqueduct, and where it is provided with an overflow for the discharge of its storm waters into that river. The main intercepting sewer for the middle level area commences in the Harrow-road, Iat lnsai-green, and passes under the Paddington Canal and i GreatWesternRailway, and along O.xford-street until it reaches the fleet, which it intercepts. It then traverses Clerkenwel, and goes on, passing< eventually helow the e E;ast and West India Dock R;ailway, near St. George Dunckett's Canal, at which point a junction will be effected with the northemn high level sewer, with which it will be carried over the river Lea, near Old Ford, at such an elevation as to enable it to be continued eastward to Barkingcreekz, and there to discharge into the Thames at high water. In its course it receives two branches, projected with a view to intercept as much of the sewage as possible by gravitation,-the first commencing at Curzon-street, Piccadilly, and' joining the mai line at King'sroad, Gray's-inn-lane the second beginning at Commercial-street, Whitechapel, and formig a junction with the main line in Green-street. With respect to the low level area, two alternative propositions for deaEng with its sewage are submitted, the one treating it as a separate district, the other uniting it with the western district, for the purpose of conveying the sewage of both districts by a singleehannel tolBarking-ceel;. There will be a pumping station on the eastern side of the river Lea, near a piace called the Abbey Mills, where the sewage wvill be lifted to the level of the high level sewers. As the ultimate object of a scheme of interception is the purification of the Tbames, ir. Bazalgette is of op)inion that that object cannot be attained until the channel of the river is deepened, and its mud banks removed by the construction of a proper embankinent in conjunction vith the scheme of interception; and, while he submits plans and estimates for a low level sewer-proceeding along the Strand, Fleet-street, and eastwards-independent of an embanlunent of the Thames, he states that a large amount of risk and capital may be saved by executing the low level sewer in conjunction with an embanknent along- the north side of the Thames, and that the execution of both these works is essential to the full attainment of the object desired. This statement elicited marked expressions of approval from the board. He adds that the main diffi culties to be encountered in the execution of the northern drainage and the greatest amount of inconvenience to the public traffic would occur in the constrction of tlhe low level sewer along the Strand, fleetstreet, and towards the east; and this route involves the necessity for reconstructing and reversing the direction of all the branch sewers on the south side of the line. For the western districtstwo altenmativeschemesareproposedinvolving a difference in cost of upwards of 258,0001.-one, upon the score mainly of economy, the estabshment and maintenance of works for purifying its sewage waters, and then discha-rging tl.enx into the Thames, within the limits of the district itself; the other for conveying the sewage to Barking-creek-. Again, it is proposed to construct an iron covered aqueduct, similar in appearance and construction to a tubular bridge, and about a mile and a balf in length, through which the sewage from the high and middle level sewers will be conveyed over the river Lea, and onwards to its destination. A reservoir is also contemplated at Barking-creek, capable of containing 7,000,000 cubic feet, exclusive of the sewage from the western district, or 9,000,000 cubic feet imclud; ing at. The estimated cost of the northern high level sewer is 129,5001.; the middle level sewer and branches, 214,2001.; the low level sewer, exclusive ofthe sewage from the western district, 25,8001. ; western district, 7S,2)0L. ; main outfall sewer to Barking, reservoir, and land, 426,8001.; sewage works, 90,0001.; engine-houses, engines, pumps, &ec 112,0001.; makcing a total of 1,303,S001.; or, if 258,1801. be added-the additional cost of conveying the sewage from the western districtto Barking-the total cost of the whole of the works recommended is estimated at 1,561,6801, On the motion of Mr. CAREnLAEL, the consideration of the report of the engineer by the Board was fxed for WVednesday fortnight.
ROYAL ORTUOPMD-1 HoSViTx%.-Yesterd&y was celebrated at the ILondon Tavern the 16th anniversary dinnor of the Royal Orthopzedic Hospital, in especial commemoration of the removal of the institution from Bloomsbury-sqvare to Xo. 315, Oxdord-stTeet. The committee of the hospital have found it advisable, for the extension of I the charity to the relief of increasing claimants, to pur- chase freehold premises in Oxford-street, -which in. elude a large hose Ein Hanover-square, affording in creased accommodation, urgently required, for in. patients. The Oxford-street portion of the premises is being adapted as a publie entrance and outpatients' departluent, iuvolving a considerable outlay, for the means I of meeting which, as well as of liquidating a mortgage for 6,0001. effected on the property, the committee depend entirely npon the liberality of the public. It is necessarv to comnplete the building without delav, and nearly 1,O001., it appears, w'ilL be imperatively required 'within a few weeks of the present time. The hospital was founded in 1838, by the exertions of Mr. Quarles Rarris its greatest and almost anturnig benefactor, and since that date it has afforded incalculable relief to suffering humanity by its successful treatment of club-foot, spinal, and other afflicting deformities. Between 17,000 and 18,000 cases have been treated since the opening of the bospital, and the reception of many other sufferers is dependent on the state of the funds. The niumber of patients admitted during the past year amounted to 1,401, the number admitted as in-patients being 6. and the total number admitted since the opening of the hospital 18,236. These include persons of all agesadults with families dependent upon them, youths previously unfit for active employment, and orphan children. I The noble chairnan (the Earl of Shaftesbury), in adducing these facts, delivered an elaborate discourse, remarkable for its earnest eloqyence and unaffected piety. The result of the noble Jarl's appeal was the munifcent subscription of 2,7001., the items of ivhich tbe secretary was instracted to read at 'length. The health of the noble chairman was proposed by the Rev. Charles llacken2ie and responded to by his Lordship in a brief and rather hmnorous address. Other toasts were proposed, including the bealth of the venerable founder of the society, Mr. Quarles Harris, "The 3Medical Officers" (including Mr. W Tamnlin, who was especially compli. inented), and " The Vice'Presidents." The musical arran"ementswereunder the direction of Mr. J. L, Hatton, and Mr. D. Harker (having effected a tempoary escape from L\Tewgate) officiated as toastmaster. JO6-TUSTOC CompA.iEnssA bill brought bronm the Lords amends the Joint-Stock Companies Wlinding-upActs of 1848 and 1849. - It empowers the judge or maqter charged with the wiinding -up of any company to cal meetings of the creditors of thb company to appoint representatives, and after the issue of the advertisement to that effect, such creditors,will be deemed parties to the winding up, All ceditorswill bebound by the acts of their representatives. No couspromise will be valid 'oless xpproved by the High Court of Chancerg. The master is empowered to appoint commisioners for the receptioD of evidence. CRYSTA P?UAo]3-CONxa, DAY, Friday, g!ay 23.-Adsnicaons,bJ seaso ticket. only, 3,|42,
TilE BAND-PLA YIATG I TET.P-AK&S TO THE EDITOR OF TEI T1IES. Sir,-The conduct of the authorities in the above matter seems to me to need investigation. The music is stopped professedly on the grounds that the Archbishop of Canterbury and others of eminence in the religious world have protested against it. Believing them to be sincere in their opinions, I can see no grounds for accusing them in the matter of anything wrong; but am I to believe that the Government -was unaware that they did all along object, that in the verynature of things they must doso, from the publicity they had long since given to tlwir vit to of what was due to the Sabbath? I canot so believe, and, therefore, I have come to the conclusion that as yet the true reason for stopping the " bands" has not been given. If I am right, a gross wrong is done to the Archbishop and every layman who has had tlie burden of this operation laid upon him. I was not in favour of the bill of Lord Robert Grosvenor, but this did not prevent my being as opposed to the means by which he was in a manner bludgeonled into its wvithdrawal. The real truth becomes to me every day more apparent,-viz., that the gentlemen who undertake thegovernmentofthe country aredayby day showing that they have not the moral courage for the work. They play fast and loose with the most important interests of society, substitute -wit for argument, andc, wlile they somewhat haughtily claim support, are for ever evading responsibility. The patience of the nation has been of late most sorely taxed ; I for one think that this so-called patience is fast developing a condition from which a lamentable reaction must follow. Drifting into a war 'when only prepared for peace; rushing into peace when just prepared for wrar; putting the best face w;e can on a very questionable position; content, as we may be, to pay millions for the attainment of what with ordinary good management would have cost half the money, and gained far more palpable advantages ;-the nation's apathy may yet be tried too far. There is no necessity for further proof at home of that wreakness which has made all but our pluck and generosity so pitiable abroad.. The condition of the working classes in our great towns has long since been made evident enough. The novelist and the philanthropist have left no one feature of that condition unrmasked. It has been a living, abiding, restless witness against us. The " roughs" have been left on their day of rest to the mere brutish enjoyment of adulterated gin and porter, w,raiting, in their power of ecitement, onthe development of every debasing practice, every exhibition of the lowrest vices pursued in the muhealthiest spots, to the sound of the coarsest blasphemy and obscenity of language. We, the higher orders, knew this; Lords, Commons, Church, Dissent, &c., -all knew it full well. It filled some minds with horror, it threw others into despair. Alas! with very many it was just treated as a normal state of thing,s-it was the life of the " roughs." NoW, Sir, I believe that " roughs" have souls which can be saved-minds which, can be humanized, though I allow their best clothes would be considered scarcely presentable in a decent church, much less in Kensington-gardens. For my owvn part, I am inclined to think there is often more honesty in the rough greeting of one of these neglected men than there is in the fawvning polish of many of the high-born. Circumstances smce their infancy have worked the social difference. Every observer of human nature knows how we are fashioned by the company we keep. Keep a broad line betweenthe degraded and the civilized, and you will leave the " rough" state to grow more rough, while the " privileged" will yet gain more and more progress in their superior path. It was determined to try some way of drawing these men and women, on their day of leisure, from I the atmosphere pestilential to mind and body in which they are in the habit-nay, have been compelled to live. Open air amusement was to be found them. The Government deliberately sanctioned the music in Hyde Park; adding, after a short trial, the same attraction in other localities. If the published calculations are true, not less than 150,000 people must have gone for several Sabbaths to hear these several bands of music. I am not aware that any proof was given that these masses behaved otherwise than as orderly subjects, and yet I kmnow a large proportion of them must have been of the " rough" order. A sudden command has stopped the " bands ;" but I do not hesitate to say this has been done in the usual Governmental-anti-responsibility way. Dr. Sumner, E. ]Baiies, Esq., and many other conscientiois Inen are made the scapegoats of the afairLord Stratford not being in England. Now, Sir, if we are to be governed at all, it should be by men who should be as careful not to wantonly exasperate the masses as they should be ready to do rig,ht, whether it may or may not meet with popular support. Every one knew that these " bands" ,ould attract enormous crowds, that these crowds would entirely changre the aspect of a West-end Sabbath-would be to those whio loved the comparative quiet of that quarter of the town a very great nuisance. 'Who doubted for one moment but that this step -would meet with opposition, not only from what is called Exeter-hall, but from a large proportion of those classes-whose ideas ofthe Sabbathwould be naturally shocked bythe proceeding ? The serious were annoyed conscientiously; the society which has held the quiet oftheir own quarter of the town as due to their own social importance,-these -were inconvenienced and irritated. Now, I say not whether by degrees the strict Sabbatarians might not have become more passive, or the tenants of first-class houses near the Parks more resigned; but this I do say-it was the duty of the authorities to have weighed the step before they took it; to have then given it a fair trial, and have taken the entire responsibility of upholding or withdrawing the " bands." As it is, all parties have been offended, and the blame most unfairly laid on those who must have been known to be all along opposed to that wvhichtheir present opposition is said to have arrested. Are we ever to leave "rule" at home to the voice of public meetings and public petitioning? Lord Palmerston has thrown down a bone of contention between classes, the arowling and fighting over which he will not live to see terminate. Sir B. Hall has been consistent throughout, but he is a subordinate. I am not now givig an opinion on the main question. I do, however, express the opinion of one who has ever been an advocate of the poor man's interest, that in this 3matter the masses of London have been most shamefully treated. They are now, I suppose, to be irritated into "demonstrations"' to compel (?) the 1Enister to give that back which he has taken away from them, and which lie never should have given until he was satisfied nothing but the abuse of the concession w-ould iustifv its retraction. S. G. 0.
TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMfS. Sir,-I shall feel obliged if you will permit nme to observe that mly speech at the meeting held in Marylebone on Wednesday last is very incorrectly reported in your paper of yesterday. I did not use any of the expressions attributed to me. What I did say was that I highly approved the performance of tbe bands in Rensington-gardens and the Parks on Sundays- that I considered the opposition which had been raisec to this measure was very l1-advised, but that I had no doubt that many wwho originated and supported that opposition were actuated by the best intentior s, althongh entertaiiing opinions which appeared to me not calculated to promote the real interests of the people; and that I trusted that the result of this and of similar meetings would be to induce Lord Palmerston to authorize the conttinuance of that innocent recreation which had last Sunday been withheld. I have the honour tobe, Sir, Your obedient serv~nt . --- - RAYNIE[Ag. Ntay23.
TEsE IMmioiAL CHuiRCg AT COxSTXXP 1XOPLE.- Iler lajesty and Prince Albert have been graciously pleased to make a joint contribution of 5001. to the fund for the erection of a Memorial Church at Constantinople. BiISTOL SUGAR -I;ET, Fhiday, May 23.-The market has been quiet during the past week, and the business reported is very limited in amount. This arises, howvever, more from the absence of supplies than from sny faling off in the de=ud ; for, although the refiners are pretty well in stock for the present, there is a good demand from the "rocers, and if the offices had been supplied with samuples of scale sugars a large trade might have been done iEi this descriptionx at fuUy previous rates. It is expected, however, that a cago or two of Barbadoes will shortly be brought forward, which will be a very opportune supply. Refiners' produce, both store-dried and wet goods, is in fair demad, more particularly the former, and very full prices are- freely paid. The supply of goads ready for irnznediate delivery is verg tsivIa, and the manufacturers are still unwilling to contract for forwvard deliveil, excepting at advanced rates, which the grocers hesitate- to give. Run continues only saleable in retail parcels, and prices are 'with siicuIty supported.I
THE SUNDAY QUEhSTIOA'v last evening a very crowded public meeting -was held at St. lartin's-hall, Long-acre, for the purpose of adopting measures for manifesting thefeelings of the people agaist the stoppage of the bands in the Parks on Sundays. The chair wais taken at 8 o'dock by Sir J. V. Shelley, 3.P., who s supported by General Sir DoLacy Evans, M.P., Sir J. Fa1!usiey, Il?., ?lrUBiggs, 3LP., Mr. W. A. Wilkinson. M P., lr. H. J. Shack, hiEr. J. B. Langley, MIr. J Collet glate tJ.P.), Sr. T. lYlffanger, Mr. J. A. Nicolay, The meeting wvas mnost enthusiastic during the prozeediRngs, andthe body of the largeball was crowded to excess. A large number of handsomely-dressed ladies were in the different galleries. The body of the hall was filled with very respectably-attired persons. The Ciurnarax said hDe shoud not detain them long, as he and his hon. and gallant colleague had left the House of Commons, where a question of civil and religious, liberty was being debated, and they were anwious to return to recura their votes. (Cheers.) That question was not alien from what they had met to discuss (hear) as he thought civil and religious liberty was this-ieaving a luau to pursue his own course of religion according to nis conscience. The opponents to the Sunday bands took up their views on religious grounds, and so did he take up his side of the question on religious grounds. (Cheers.) Now, he contended that as the bandplayedinKensiagton-gardenslastyear,therewasno harm in the bands playing in Victoria-park, which was iis!tbe reach of the work ing clsasses. (Loud cheers.) In his opinion,it was the best thing the Governmnent ever did to glv t,he people healthful andz pleasing recreationi or, the only dayaflbrdedtheformleisure, and it was nothing more than hypocrisy to stop it. There were 250,00 of people iz the prkson the last Sunday, and out of tbatlarge numberthere was not a single case of disorder brought before the magistrates. It was said that the music was stopped in. consequence of a letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury (groans and disapprobation), but, in his opinion, therewas~ something in the background. (Cheers.) But be wanted to see the ballot introduced to put a atop to these undervorkings. (Cheers.) Ho considered the Queen was alio putin a very critical position, for ever since the acceseiot of Her Most Gracious Majestytheband had been allowed to. play on the terrace of the Castle; and was sale to receive now dictation as to her xeligious opinions from ,xeter-hall ? (Criesof "No, no," and, loud cheers.) The hon. baronet. then quoted 'some extracts from the work publisbed. by Ur. Baines, of Leeds, which elicited strong marks of disapprobation, and, after some further remarks the hon. member concluded by expressing a hope that tie people would assemble in the differentparks on Sunday with the determination to be orderlv and-peaceable, and he believedthatif they went with that deternination he night say they would havethe bands playing on Sunday iL HSdeparzk, Victoria-park, and Regent's-park. (Loud applause.) Ir. H. J. SLA&cx:then moved. the following resolution:"That the performance of music in the public parks on the Sunday afternoon is calculated toprosnotethe hea.lth,happiness, and morality of the peojde, is in prfect accordance with the Christian religion,an wi he bits and feeling5 of the great body of the people, and this meeting ews wif I indignation and alarna the sudde iUnected stoppae. !of souseful andinnocent ameans of popular enjoyment." In supporting this resolution Mr. Slack quoted history to show that it was not against the laws of religion to-give healthful and innocent' recreation to the people. Mr. Curs,in secondingthemotion, observedthat a sound mental and bodily condition of the people was requisite to secure their religious w,elfare; but he believed the Sabbatarians had been so long shut up in their chapels that they had lost their senses. (Cheers andlaughter.) He contended that healthful recreation was the firs step to morality, bui at the same time education was a great thin. (Cheers.} a conclusion, he expressed. his ownion that there-was no more harm in the band being heara in Windsor Castle or Sewgardens than the organs in the church and cathedral. General Sir DE L. EviNs, in supporting the motion, trusted his constituents would excuse hIm for not having been among them lately (cheers), but now he had returned he felt bound to be writh them whenever required, and hc thought that a nost important question They had met~ to consider. (Applause.) Their general duty w;as to attend meetings and use every argumnent they could in '.his cause; bat there u-as no argumnent needed in the case, for thae Primue Mlinister had not changed his opinions, {cheers), hutthe people were unfortunate enough to hIave their Premier led away on this question. (Cheers.) The gallant General then congratulate the meeting upon their unanimity. It had often been found that most important things ha,a asisen from the mnost trifing causes. (Hear, hear.) Now, the people listening to the bands was not a very great thing, but if they were interdicted from hearing that music then it became a great question. (Cheers.) It had been said that this country would be made likie continental countries on the Sunday. Well, he had been to different parts of thecontinent, bult he had never seen any,thing but moral enjoyment. {Cheers.) But the bishops would have them stay at honmeand pray. (Groans and applause.) Hiethen referred to a discussion in the HIouse of Commnons on the question of the bishops, during which the Marqui3 of Blandiord, their greatest champion, had said he believed many of the bishopswere gettin" too old to do anygood, and as they had not enough to do, his Lordship proposed there should be a deputy-bishopin each diocess. ("Oh, oh" In answer to those observations thePremier sadthe uestion had engaged the attention of the Government, hut still ho (General Sir De tacy Evans) thor.ght they had too noble a Premier to care much for the proposal (Cheer3 After sone furrther remarks, he said he considered theGoverment had not acted wisely in the matter, although Lord Palmerston said he had not changed his opinions, which was a matter of much congratulation; and, in conclusion, expressed his support of the question they had met to discuss. (Cheers.) Mr. TARLTON then attempted to move the following amendment:-" That it is alike un-Engish and inexpedient for the Government of the country to provide enjoy meat for the people on the Lord's-day " but the disapprobation was so great t.at the speaLer retired, and after some scunde, in consequence of a man attempting to interrupt the proceedings in a mnostu disgraceful manner, the origin7al moetion was put and carried enthusiastically, no one being found to second the amenmd ent. Mr. DI'Iiv.A-GEn then moved. the second. resoluztion, in a brief speech. It was to the effect that in order to gie an adequate expression of the people with regard to the question of the Sunday bands, and to convince the Prime Minister of the deep interest of the public, the meeting pledged itself to give its urtmost support to the Committee of the National Sunday League, with a view to organise any demonstration. Mr. B. LIA xY\(m having seconded the -motion, Mr. W. A. WiLcNisax, LP. (Lambeth), supported, the resolution, addressing those assembled as "fellowsinners," amid great cheerig. He said the privileges of the people had been unjsdy interfered with, and denounced in strong terms the policy-adopted bvMr. Baines, of Leeds, in conclusion expressing his opinion that thbScotch members were too prudent and cautious to com,mnit an act of indiscretion, lke that oira avisng the Government to stop the music. (" Ob, oh !" and cheersj) Sir J. WAIiISLEy, 11LP., also supported the mnotion.- Nothing vas more fallacious (he said) than the idea that the playing of the music on Sunday would make the people work. Why, if the working man had Ihis way, he would do much more work in the week if he knew he could' have the seventh day to himself. (Hear, bear.) In fad, there were a great number of working men who had no other opportunity of enjoying healthful recreation, with their vwves and fanmilies than on the Sunday afternoon. (Loud applause.) It was said that people should. go to church, but preventing their going mto the par-s wauld never sendthe;m to church. (Cheers.) There were many who never went to church at all; but if the people were taught aLnd properly recreated. the number of persons who attended Divine worship wouldincrease. (Hear, hear.) He would advise them to go into the parks, not dressed in their fmnery, as Mr. Baines said (great disapprobation, and "Three groans forthe editorof theLeedpapef ' butintheir honest dresses earned hytheirlabour and paid for. (Cheers.) Let any one go into the parks and see for himself, for he had been there bimself with his wife andfamily. (Loud. cheers.) ls fact, he had not missed one Sunday, and,instead of seeing any conduct they mright blush at, he was ixpressed with the conviction that it was not only a ratin3al, but a constitutional means of recreation. (Applause.) In conclusion, he said it was not the fanlt of the Homse ae Commons, but of the constituencies, if the present state of things were not altered. (Loud cheers.) The motion was carried unanimously, and a memorial t the Queen adopted. . Thanks tothe cbiirman concludedctheproceedings.
Ro-Y k SOCnr£ Tolt Tn PRn XNNo O0 COVnLTY TO A Ns-nSL.-The 30th anniversary meeting of this society was held yesterday at the Eanover-square Rooirn the farquiis of Westminster in the chair. The report congatulated. tlhe rabcrihers ontne advancing usefiuness of the society as evinced in the increasing influence it continued to obtain in every part of the kingdom. After aludinr to the establishment of branch societies at hosoe anl albroad, and to the means adopted by the committee for the inculcation oftheprinciples of humanity among theyounger branches of the community, the report went on to stato that during the past year no less than 525 cases of craelty to animals had been prosecuted to conviction. Of this large total 24 had been committed to the House of Correction for periods vary-ng from three months to 14 days without the option of pa-ng a pecumiary penalty, while it was estimated tbat not less than 1Z0 persons had suffered the like punishment in default of paying the fines and coett imposed o"pther cases, the collective amoount of which had reached the sum of 6241. 18s. 3d. The report also stated that " the condition of the horses employed in the mnetropolitan stage and haciney carriages had engaged the special attention of the society's officers," and that, thou& "the cattle used by the lower class of cibowners, pzticularlytboseworized during the night," were weak and bad, there was " reson to believe that the omnibus ;or8e5 had considerably improved in quality and condition." Tbe statement was corroborated by Sir C. Eouey, who, in seconding the motion of Mr. Mackinnon, 3Y., for the appointment of officers for the esouing year, imparted some curious infornation respecting the treatment of horses by London onsibus proprietors, anal more paricutlarly by, the London Omnibus Comp y. He said that the-Omnibus Association of London iad the most direct interest in the welfare of their honses; that they gave theni a plentiful allowance of the -sery best fodder; that the amount of w*ork performed by each horse daily wao7mparatively triflng, not exceeding 1Uniles, the an,mal.-lie£ left at its ease in large and well-ventilated stablet for 21 hours out ofthe 24; thatthe-am]nbev of horsesempleo theLondonOmnibusCompanyamountedto. 000' tat30K men were employed to take care of them, aed d2at ala I sun was put aside weeldy for a superannuation fwund tbe relatiVe clai to which was oernedtsy the axe s MaUi taken of the horses intrnste' fo h is keeping. Tis sUale inent was received with much satisfaction, "d thle rtoi, on the motion ef Sir J. Boller East, MP., secondedib fessor Spboner, having becn tmnwiiflOby UW meeting terminated -with the usual vote of tbat2m to Ui cl,iiiian.
Fromn thc LONDJON GAZETTE of Frid*y, May 23. FOREIGN-OFFCE. ArAY 4. The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Lrd 'Wodehouse to be Her Majesys Envoy Extraordinary and )rmister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the Emiperor of Alt the Russias. MfAY 9. The Queen has been gracionsly pleased to appointthe lion. Julian Fane, now First Paid Attacbd to Her Majesty's Iegation at Vienna, to be Secretary to Her Majesty's legation at the Court of St. Petersburg. MAY 21. The Queen has been pleased to approve of Mlr. Herbert Aylwin as Consul at Port Adelaide, in Australia, for His hlajesty the King of Sweden and Norway. The Queen has also been ploased to approve of Mr. Robert Prowse as Consul at St. John's, Newfoundland, for the Free Han.eatic city of Hamburg. BOARI) OF TRADE. 'WervrexL.tr, MlA%Y 22. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, throug, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affitirs, a copy of a despatch from Her Mlaje.sty's Ambassador at Constantinople, reporting that the followving quara.ntine regulations have been issuzed by the Russian authorities at Theo-. doria- All ves-elz destined for the Sea of Azoff will be required 1,dsbmmt to a term of observation at Theodosia. On the expiratetil Qi this term the W.lQ5 will receive bills of health, andbe allowed to continue their voyage. Before vessels arriving at their ports of destination im the iBlack Sea are adnmitted to free pratique their masters will be required to produce at the Customs of the ports written declarations to the efrect that during the voyage from Theodosia no communication has been held with suspected places or objects. The Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received. through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. a copy of a note addressed by the Earl of Clarendon to the Danish M[inister at this Court, requesting that Danish Consuls in Russian ports may be instr.-eted to atTord the necessary facilities to British subjects for the transaction of their commercial affiirs until B3ritish Consuls can be sent to Rnssia. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy 'Council for Trade and Plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Her Mfajesty's Consul at Carthagena enclosing a cepy of a lalv recently passed by the Congress of New Granada declaring Carthagena a free port from the 1st of Seplember next. QUkARANITNE REGULATIONS. The Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Planta. .ions have received a copy of a despatch from Hler Majesty's Consul at Palermo, reporting the quarantine regulations -established by the Sicilian Board of Health as to ships arriving from places inf'ectedvwith yellow fever or typhus, places suspected of yellow fever, and places suspected of typhus, and setting forth the exceptions made in certain eases, and the expurgation to ce enforced. ADMIRALTY. MATY 23. The following promotions, dated the 19th irst., have this day taken place, consequient on thc death. on the 15th inst., of Rear-Admiral of the White the Right Hon. Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, G.C.H.:- Rear-Admiral of the Blue Williams Sandom, to be Rear-Admiral Of the Wmhite. 'captain Charles llamlyn Williams to be Rear-Admiral on the Reserved Iiot. Cap:tain Henry Erancis Greville, C.B, to be Rear-Admiral of the Zlue. Captais Andrew Atkins Vincent. 1C.., tnd Samuel Radford, XH..en thbe Retired List, to be additional Retired Rear-Admirals, 'ithout any increase of pay, C03MMUSSIONS isued by the LoarD-LIEU-ssANT of the County of Strcis. West Suffolk Regiment of Militia.-Ftnsim Alfred Xesvhatt, to be lCieut.; Ensign George Rush D'Eye, to be Lieut. By the LoRDrsEt-TEAss-r of the County of LnrcEsTaras. Ieicesterrhire Mlilitia.-Ensign EdNvard Joseph Crane, to be Lieut., rice iexit CaTnpbell, appointed to the Turkish Co',tiu"entE Percy lionel Rawlins to be Lieut., vice Ileut. C H Sewbatt, aP- oainted to the 2Sth Regiment of voot. By the 1oR1rs;LTvsE sr of the County of ELour. 6th, or Invernessshirc. &c.. Hichland Light Infantry Regiment of EliitiaV alter Grant James M'Grigor, late Capt., to be Lient., vice Itichard Rose 3Manson, resigned. By the Loitn-L1Furs.-N.T of the County of GLocsrxat, and of the City and Cotnty of the City of GLoczsnrx, and of the City and -Coumty of the City of BRLSTOL. Royal Glocestershire Reciment of Hesoar Yeomnanry.-Godfrey (hales Morgan. esq..late Gpt. in the 37th lancers, to be Supernumer.ary ?.sajor. vvithout pay; Henry Sales Scobell. Esq.. tate Capt. in theRoyanl?;orth British DragoonsD, to be Lieut., vice Bloxsome. re- iged; oRin, Charles, Viscount Danoerbury. to be 1ieut.. rice PoleE resigned; John Relt, gent.; to be Comet, vice Lord Canterbury, pro- niocePd. c.reind By the lOmhr.grvsn-A?c of the County of Davoxr. 1st Devon Regiment of Yeomanry Cavasry.-Robert Stewart Dykes tobeuLent. rice Hes,lon.tedeceased. Xorth DegonsRegiment mnf sounted Riraes.-EdhardBrydgeseWill yams to eCoret. rice Crefodsis, promoted. Ist Devon Regiment of N Bitis.-Edwsrd Drewve to be Lent., rice Pazard. resianed. rtI Devon epi-nent of M-diian .-Charles Dohree Bowers loibe Ensign vice Pinnock. resigned. Devon Militia o rtillery.-Widliam Hammet Beadon to be wairst lieut, rice James, appointed to the Line. iols "Gazette" contains notices that the following pbtces have been duly registeredfor the solemtnization of darri. ges therein, - 9 ueen-vteeet ChaPel. alias Back-street ChaBpel, ilitchiu. fitai Presbyteriand Church, Ford, Xorthumberland, PARTN-ERSHIPS DISSOLVED. r'. tArons and J. S. Jones. Gravesend, eiV..r J,anufacturers.t BesttanddtiVasigh. Roehdale. painters-3. and J. CrLaven, i ueigh ey, wlorse spnnrse-les ndCo s onletosadelsr ee,sl rbn mt.nufacturers as far as regirds . Warrener and P. Astles.- T.iMvey and Brierley, Bochdale. brsssfounders.-J. hl. and W. Wester, Piccoladiy, bookselleVs.-aicklinand Sneath, Birmingham,wire weavers -Kno Wles and Co.. yEcleotn, near St. helen's, glmrss bottle manufacttrers.-agum, Penlderton, and Co.. Leeds, or elsewhere, cloth :fisherl.-a ain and t. Steeley. h taffordshire, drapers.-J. and J. Reeve. NewSent. Glceestershirev. nillers.-Jo se.parntd G. arttf. Bimnnigham. attorneys: axs far as rregards 3. W. ITnett.-W. WlVton and A, a. Cridsand, Brighten. suneeons.-Gillies l-ad Horse, as ark- at. and T-LnHumAil prshaiestretan whfacotrers-Beck and Hiartt -ottingham, lace mandfiaturtri.-H. Pearson and t Hodgsona Stephenron terrace. Caledoniany-road. general calesmene-Holmes ncd Shires, leeds. or elseashero. coal dealers.-Barlow. Bodier. and Co., RTanches. tie<r. mlrhanis;t as frear. ask regards A. Roisn-ilamson ad ottinghalm, grocer3.-G. V and P reing, hasted, Kent, farmers. DEClA\RATION-S OF DIVIDEN-DS. J. W. J.eesr. Croydon. Snrrey. chyoaist-Sirst div. of 75., any Tuga- e,at 2Lr. Pennel-s. Guildhall-chambera BassinLIall-street. <;Fossey and.J Steel. .Noeseay-vharf, ilwa1. tiabar merchantsJrslis. ofs4t. Cd and ,rftadi,of cas on the sepanate estate of.. IsteeL, any Tuesday, at Mr. Penneils, Guildhsal-chambers, Basing-hali street. 3.l OC and dT. luic5a., Auldeesgale-street. wholesale dmgg-ists-.second Ai.ofI. Cambel, and firstr,lit, ofrm.Yo ants pofsfhdv o s on theseatesae ef J. .e lucast any TuesLay, at M1r. Penneil's, Guilfihall-ehambers, Ba .iaghall-street. W. J. Buck. Sl;rubland cnaoges, Dalston-third div. of is. tec, any !'esday,at Ur. Peenell's, Guildbhall-cbambers, Bas inghall-street. 'Wholealtes Hase-ftins rcrfrt(iv. of IO s.= ltM .an Teday, at 6ran % liR. Pennel's, Guildhail-scbarmebers, Basa3inebhall-strleedt.9ayTe3 ta C. .t Hbbard, C'rotched Friars and Saffron Walden, hopmerlchant -rirst cd v. of .d, any Tueoday, at Uv. Peneli's, GuidhaU-ehambers CnasDghail-smreer. T. d. Atkinson. Woon.sfreet, linen warehouseman-first div. of 3. 6d, any Tuesdayo at .Mr. Pernevi's, GuidhUaiUchambers, Basivghaof- ,J. C. Wooster. long-lane, fancy eabinet m ansfacturer-first T.v Ae ms. nli. anyTnesuday, at Mr. Penner's, Guiadhsatl-uhamner Baing- A. Campbl, Regentrtreet d army agent-Sffth dlv. of 4sd. . on the lepaate efstatne, ay TuesaLay, at ker. Penne's, GupndhaUT.ehamb A. Willilams and rv. 2.L Hel-md, Duncan-street, lVhitechapel, X.holesale grocersnrets,div. of its., aLy M;onday, at 3r. Canaan a, T. .Ualtby, Law rencec Pountney-hiL.mc aripper Side, Waterloo. bcridge, lead merchant-sixth dUv. of 2' -16d., any Mond'ay, at Mfr. T. Ainneon and H. H.Bell. Sunderland, ecuriers-second dUv, of lis 2d. 1in addition to ls. 4d. previously dedlared) and Second div. of '7F. adtion tod - '. 6fI previously declared) on the seleertte estate of T. c&damson. any Saturday, at M r. B.aker's. , ewcastle.ut,on.Ty e. W. RatI. Durhamn, g-rocer-first div. of is. &L., any Saturday, at hlr ater's, NescaotlecpluonoTyneT J. D. Sewrell and T. pattLinson, Newcastic-upon.Tyns, chynsisto-flrst dv. of 4s., any Satunlay, at Mr. Baker's. 2Nemcastle-npon-Tynec N. and .T. Atndrews, Gateshead, ironmougers-Slrst div. of Is., and at Mr.Balrer's, N'ewe-astle-npon.Tyne.,y ard, G. Havelock amii 31. B. Robson. Mfonkwcarmouth, shiphbuldmes,. egond and lLnai div, of Sd. pm addition to 2s. previously declared), any atray, at Ur. Baker's. ^Neweastle-upon-Tyne. J. Snovvdon, Newcastle-upon.Tyc, dmpcr-oecond div. of l5s. &. (in dtion to 4.6d previously declared), any Saturday, at Mr. Baker's, 3. Allen and B. Holmes, Derby, sil; throv;sters-Slrst div. of Es. &d, Monday uext andto foUosviigl[ondays, at Ur. Harris's, Nottinghalm. BANKRYIUPTS. Tdward Morgan. Hastings. provision merchant;to surrender'June 2, at 11 o'clock. and July 4. at 12. at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitors, Messrs. Hlolme and Co., New-inn. Strand; Messrs. Miles and Gregory, eicester; official assignee. 3lr. lWhitmore. Basinghall-street. John Squire Tween, Ware WestmDd, Herts, miller; June 5, and July 1, at 12 o'clock, at the Bankru pta' Court; solicitors, Messrs Mason and Sturt. Gresham-street; 3'fsm Longmore, Sworder, and longore, Hlertford; official assignee, Mr. Stansfeld. John 1opkinsomi Xottigham. grocer, June 3 and 24, at half.past -o'clock. at the l3irmin-ham, District BankrupW Court at Nottin-- -arn 0 solicitors. Mr. WVelis Nott nhamg M1r. James, BirminghaRmai offictal assignee-. Mr. Harris, Nottingham. George MDillls, Northwich, clochmaker June 13 and 27, at 11 o'clock, at the LiverPool District Bankrupt' Court: solicitor, MIr. Cheshire, frthwich; of Fcial assignee. Mr. Turner, Liverpool. June 13 .P DIVIDENDS. June 13.R Goodhlnd, }.udgate-hiUl and elseewbers, L;nendlraper.- Uume 3, 1V. A. Putnam, Strand. gla6s dealer.-June 14, F. (tuick, 1Britol. ieweller.-June 13, J. Bond, Ludgate-hill. ehawlman.-June 13,J. Mitchell Great Bourton, Omfordshire. railway contractor.-June 33J. Coper lyde and Woottnn-bridge, Isle of WVight, grocer.-Jine 36, . Alexander and W. Bardgett, Old Broad-street. merchants.- June 13, H. Hunt, lleaton Norris, paper manufacturer.-June 19, W. H. Saunders, Cardiff, sine rrchaut.- e 26, W. W. Duin, W. Xea cSPH. B. M1arriott, and S. B. Wearing, Xea.th, brewers.-June 1t, l5 anton, Dauralingion.coach emnanucfacturer.-Juae 17,3. Dove, DarITees, chOedealerr.June It, 3. Best. South Shields, spirit merchantNae 16,T.Barff.rrarsowvgte,ho,.e keeper.-June 19,W. E. Brocsketh, CsERTIFICATyES aud ebhckam, Durham, moncy-scrivener. llFfCsT3Si grabted unles cas be shown to the contrea'Y on keda o metng J om n the day of mueeting. ,e 1rae 3. D. Atlett, South-stree. Chelsea, baker.-June 13. J. -rd.I' Vdeand Wootton.bri,lge_ Ise of Wight. grocer.-June 13, C. Vd ateof Great Mtrl.orough-street St.James's, tador.-June24,G. 1.ou at*r. Trowbidzge, currier.-June 24. W. Cue, Glastonbury, aun- tMneer-Jnnel 3 J. and W. Herring, West Boldon. Durham, mer- hnt.June 15F3h, J. Foden, Liverpoo, groer.-June 17, W. Schofield, ficosiiy, CheSsalre, coal Glele. 3. n pet GSOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS. JIart King, Glrgow, merchant, June 3. at 2 o'clock, at the White J- 'Ie Witck ,incrchant. June 4, at o'ck, at Leith's Caedo- }W. WGright. paagow, 3inter, MSay 31, at12 o'clock, at Crmastoun's B. Scob9, Glasgow, accountant. MSay30, at 12 o'clock, at the Crow - 12, at the Fatuity of 15.- .atadBla.efhltld. calico printer, May 20, at e e A ORAVEMAGES. Pe Aers e Prioe of Bron ormusoado 8u& Oom zturrs made in the week ending the 20th a!q P"tedxthe e !stome duties PSid eoriabl thereonon tbe e d6 of io Great Britain. .atiok thereof tees hpossessig K. d. n't the ? ritns .. .. .. .. .. .7 PX ec 7,*rnthe FAA Indies *. *.. T.~ o return"' ' qj,verage pi of the two foregoig 2e- _=;75Oneof sga rjoinW,WcMPutect;8&DbM* By aatt ofiarli X - net!Y 3IQK-.muJc1ic k (
I MONEY-MAPRKTan CITYINTEBLLIGENCE. Friday Evening. The English funds opened this morning at the prices of yesterday, and subsequently experienced an improvement of an eighth. The first quotation of Consols for money was 94k to -, whence, in consequence of several purchases, they advanced to 94s to A. For the 4th of June the last transactions were at 94* to a, while for the July account operations took place at 95a to J. The scrip of the new loan was quoted ls and 2 premium, and the closing price was exactly 2. Bank Stock left off at 2156 to 2M6; Reduced, 93 to k; New Three per Cents., 93 2 to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17i to 3-16; India Steck, 233 to 236 ; Exchequer-bonds, 98e to =7; and Exchequer-bills (MYarch), is. discount to 2s._premium; (June), 4s. to is. discount. There was a moderate demand for money to-day, hut it was obtainable in the discount-market at about a half per cent, lowverthan at the Bank. Foreign securities exhibited steadiness, but the highest quotations were not in all cases supported to the close. Purchases of Turkish Six per Cents. for the account took place at 98 2 and 7, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed were negotiated at 103, 1021, 103, and 102k. The general business comprisedBrazilian Small, 99; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents,, New, 96; Buenos Ayres, for account, 77; C[hilian Three per Cents., 70; TDIsh Thee per Cents., 8S-M ; lexican, for account, 230 and i; Riussian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Small, 95, I Spanish Three per Cents., 461; the New Deferred' 1 for accoumt, 251 and-si; Spanish Certificates, 6 and "I; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, 64& and 65; the Four per Cent. Certificates, 95g and 95 ; and Ecuador Peruv ian Dollar Bonds, 5WT. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon bills generally wvere rather in demand. No variation of importance can be noted in the rates. The corn-market was dunl this morning at former prices. From Liverpool and Dublin the reports also indicate a tendency to weakness. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a moderate business at steady quotations. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 75f. 20c. for money and 7Sf. 30c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of an eighth. At Haimbiurg the pressure for money has partly subsi(ded, and the rate of discount, which -was recently 7, is now 6 per cent. A furtlher suim of 10,0001. in gold was sold to the iBank to-day, and it is expected that nearly the -whole of the 265,0001. brought by the Eagle from Australia will also be taken there. The sum mentioned about a fortnight back as likely still to be remitted in gold to Constantinople on account of the Turkish Loan was 400,0001. It now appears that about 600,0001. has accumulated in the British Commissariat chest in the East, and that an arrangement will be made to complete the loan payments from that source. From a reply of the Government in the House of Commons last night it appears that every disposition exists to promote the opening up of the contemplated route to India by the Euphrates Valley. One scheme which was described on Tuesdayproposes a railway of S0 miles from Seleucia, on the Mlediterranean, riQ Aleppo, and the completion of the passage to the Persian Gulf by river steamers of light (draught. The other, which is the original route suggested by Mlr. Macdonald Stephenson, is for a railway from Belgrade to Constantinople, to cross Asiatic Turkey, and descend the vaUey of the Euphrates down to Bussorah. The first will admit of the most rapid completion, while the second will ultimately enable the entire transit to be accomplished in the most complete manner. Both are desirable and consistent with a mutual interest, and the expectation seems to be that they will progress togetlher. It has been announced that none of the tenders lately sent in for the conveyance of the mails to Australia have been such as could be entertained. In a few days fresh invitations, embodying a new plan, are to be issued. Accounts from Oporto state that the prospects in the Douro wine districts are extremely bad, and that the signs of the progress of the oidium threaten a worse vintage even than that of last year. The colonial produce-markets diuring the week have been quiet, and in some instances previous prices have not been sustained. The public sales of tea comprised 26,844 packages. In these were ineluded the cargo of the Thetis, 8,372 packages, which, in consequence of their sea-damaged state, were put up with all faults without reserve. The unusual quantity thus putforward attracted so much attention that increased competition was induced, and better prices were realized for the whole than hadbeen expected. In common congou, also, there has been soine demand on speculation, and a few thousand chests have been sold at 9d. per lb. Sugar has been in rather less demand, partly owing to large arrivals. The trade have bought to a fair extent; but the exporters were more cautious, and purchased very sparingly. To-day's sales went off with more animation, and rates are about the same as last week. Privately business has been limited on the spot. A cargo of Havannah afloat has been sold for Trieste. A cargo of molasses, just arrived, has changed hands at extheme terms. The coffeemarket is flat; the chief portion of the plantation Ceylon offered, not comprising the good coloury kinds, went at lower rates; native sorts are in less demand, at a fall of 6d. to Is. per cwt. The inferior classes of rice are in better request, chiefly for export, at higher quotations. The indigo sales, which were concluded on Vednesday, went off flatly, at a serious decline-viz., on good and fine Bengal, 4d. to 6d. per lb.; and on Kurpahs of similar quality and lMadras 3d. to 6d. per lb. Of 9,252 chests offered 3,473 have been sold, and 5,779 bought in and withdrawn. There will be no public sales in Mincinglane on Wednesday, and on Thursday no business will be transacted. The directors of the Commercial Dock Company to-day resolved to recommend, at the general court to be held on the 13th of June, a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, free from incometax. This is an advance of 6s. 8d. per cent., the income-tax having been deducted last year. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 17th of May gives the following [result when compared with the previous week:- Public deposits ... ... ;2,991,956 ... Decrease S41,632 Other deposits ... 12,351.097.. Increase 1,737,183 Rest ... ... 3,246.963 ...Increase 13,596 On the other side of the account:- Government securities .. Z479,416. .Decrease £183,236 Other secunties ... ... 16,710,812. .Increase 1,413,535 Notes unemployed ... 4,136,675 ... Increase 445,685 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,536,9401., being a decrease of 405,8901.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 9,801,8651., showing an increase of 23,2831., when compared with the preceding return.
BASILA Y AND MiINra 5HARE,_ Friday Evenlng. The railway-market was not greatly influenced by the vaious opera-tions. At the commencement of business purcnases caused an improvement which subsequently was scarcely maintained. Indian, FRrenchi, and Belgian descriptions exhibited firmness, but the transactions were not important. In mining shares there was little alteration. Australian land and bank shares were on the average fairly supported. Bank of Egypt shares closed j to - premium; Ottoman Bank, ' to I premium; Western Bank of London, 5 to 4 discount; London and Paris, 3@ to 2A- discount; Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 discount; Rational Discount Company, i- discount to par; Itiga Railway, ls to i prenmiam; LombardoVeneia;,- toApremium; andBankof Switzerland 1;1 to 1> premium.
.'HE CORN TRADE. CORN -EXOHAGE, FRInAZ ltAY 23 ne arrivalsare notlarge o'anydesciptionof grain,but thequantity of foreign preponderAtes. No great alteration has occuTed ,n prices, but in some cases there is less firmness AItItVAxa. lour, English, 1,490 sacks foreign. 8,290 barreis, LIVERPOOI, MA&Y 23. The arrivals fromn Ireland and coastwise, during the past two days, have been insignificant. Froms foreign ports w e have received 3,0S6 quarters wheat. ,291 quarters Indi.an corn. and28,56 bsrrcls ofdfonr. Te exports mn tho same time comprise 593 quartcrs w heat, 428 q,uarters oats, 7,839 quarters Indian corn, 77S sack;sand 833 barrels flour. With neweather os trade continues inanimate, and, except for the best qualities of vheat and dour, prices of all artices are, if anything, again the turn low er. At this day's market there wvas only a small attendance of the town and country tpde, and the business done in wheat and 'dour was quito of a retail character, at about the rates of Tnesday, although had holders pressed sales, lower prices musthave been submitted .o. Oats and oatmeal, with a slow sale, maintained late rates Barley, beans, and pease were neglected, and easier to buy. Indian corn met wvith a good demand, and a fair quantity was disposed of at '85. Gd. to 29s. per quarter for yelowv and mixed, and 29s. to 30s. for wvhite, We quote white American wheats fronm 10s. 6d. to lls, red from 9s. 3d; for dirty Western to 10s. 9d per 701b. for best Tennessee. Flour, from 30s. for low Westerns to 37& to 3Ss. per barrel for fine Ohio and Baltimore Spanish was obtainable at 57s. per sack. WAKEFIELD, M&y 23. M'e have a large arrival of wheat this week, stil factors are not generally in a position to press sales on lower tenms than last Friday, and, asmillers arenlydisposed to buyatadecline, the sales made are quite of a retailcharacter. Verylittle English barley on offerforegn eet a imied emad ad i rahercheaper. Beans, oats, and shelling steady sale at late prices. 3 UV ~ ~~~~~~~Old. New. hbeatper quarter of S bushels, 601b.- Ol IL e. Ersex.SnffoDr,andKent,white . 72 to 76 71to75 lIed.. .. .. ~67-71 f 6- 70 Norfolk and Cambriage, White. 69 - 73 67-72 Red., .. .. .6-70 61-67 LincolnablresndYorkshire,whito .69 - 73 67-72 Red.. .. ..66- 70 61-67 Dantsic and *onlpberg 69 - 74 - - Baltic and Hamburg, red. 63 - 67 - - Barley, per quarter of 8 bushels.- NorfolkandSuffolkImperlrd . ... - - - 41t-42 Yorkshire and Insolasbiro, 66ib. er bashel .. .. - -- 42-44 Beans, per quarter of 8 bushels, 631b.- aglissh old. 46 -47 to 49 New . 40 - 43 Foreign, new.. 9 - 41 to 42 Egyptian. 34 35 Oats, per stone- English ..13 .. . . . . . 104 Scotch.. .. .. .. . . 13 14d. 14td. Sheling, perloadof28llb. .. .. . 33 - 34 halt, per load of six imperial bushels .. 54 - 56 AVIRAOE PRICES ront THE WEEK aS2mn MrA1 IQ sa 1
AET1'OPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, May 93. The trnae to-day vvas the reverue of thatof 3Mondaylast, the demand proving very dull for everything, and a reduction of 2d. to 4d Der stone failed to animate the market. The toP price o£ beef (prime Scetsl vas 4e.&h, nnd Sonth Downs Ss. 2d. A cleaancec was Dot effected by the close of the snsrket hours. Prncenerystone of Slb.. eilnkic ha A }f
RAILWAY_ NTELLIGRUcB. TRAFTIf P.RER-T1T The foau(wng we the receipts of railway for the put week:- The traffic returns of railways in the tmited kingdom published for the week ending May 17 amounted to 434, 509., and for the corresponding week of 1855 to 384,9421., showing an increase of 49,5671. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their terinii in the metroofls amounted for the week ending as above to 1M1I943., and for the corresponding week of last year to 166,6721., showing an increase of 15,2711. The increase on the Eastern Counties Railway amounted to 2,495Z.; on the Great oIorthern to 1,7441. on the Great Western to 1,2361.; on the Lon: don and North-Western to 3,0551.; on the Iondon and Blackwall to 3581.; on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 2,2701.; on the London and South-Western to 1,0801.; and on the South-Eastern to 3,0331. ; total,15,2711. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 255661., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 218,2701., showin- an inrrease of 34,2961. in the receipts of those lines, wIiich, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total increase 49,5671., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855.
LIV-RPOOL C(TTON-HAPARET. lIvRPOOTr. xT,v9x Sale&-Tlis week, 37,440; Sotalthis year, 1,259,190; g ame period in 3855. 1,483,0 G. Imporited.-Tis weelr, 75,945; totaltbisyear, 1.22l0,840; uame period inlS55, 1,0357,782; totainportedmin1855. 2,143,301. Prported.-Tis year. 77,)34; same period in lSS5,6i3,921. Computed Stocrrs.-'This day. 085,910; same period in 1855, 571,5590. Ta'en for Ccnasumption.-Tbis year, 850,300; sanme period in 1855, Talken on speculation this year , 287,S30 Sameein 185 , .. .... . . .. 416,621 Btock in IUverpooi' December 31, 1855 .. .. .. 425810 Same inlOSs .. .. 151,340 Increase of import this year, compared with the same date lastrear . .1863, Inarease of export . .. . . . . 13213 Increase of stock .... ... .. .. .. 143 Increase of quantity taken for consumption M3,200 Thetransactionsin cotton have beenvery, limited, particularly in the earlypart of the week, and a drooping tendency hag been apparent, buttherehasbeenlitt!e absolute pressure to sell, andthougn oocasiorally a concession has been made, yet since the step takenby the Bank yesterday, relaxing the rate of discount, a firmer tone has prealed, and thoiigh our quotations of last weeek for American cannot readily be obtained, yet it is difficultto mark a quotable dedine. The demand for Sea Islands baa bees to a fsir extent, prices remaining the same. The sales made of Egyptians have been limited, and previons rices are barely suppor.ed. irailshave been in moderate demand, and prices remain-as lost week. In Surais the transactions bave been faIr in amount, but theanar}et is now-wellieled; rioes are the tun loer. 2,150 haericari. 880 Pearna, and 3,320 Snrat are retgrtdon stiation; and 850American and 1,090- Suratforexporr . lo-daywre have a more gereral demand, and the salenwill probably be 10,003 bales, 4000 speculation and export, ithout change. huray n ext, tbe2gt nst., will be aholtday in the cotton-market.
LOCA1, DUES UpLip SRffPPIAG. The Committee3 met on Thursday i room IWo. 11, MtJ Lowe in the chair. MIr. S. P. Guyon, a merchant of Liverpool, and a native of the United States, said his attention had been drawn to the question of the Liverpool town dues. He complained' of the dues generally, and more especially on the article of salt, as being most oppressive. The export of salt to Amt. rica from Liverpool was about 300,000 tons annually, upon which 7,5001. would be charged as town dues, assmning none of it was exnorted by freemen. Witness paid about; 1,000!. annually as town dues upon vrious goods. He considered that the 6d. a-ton upoi salt operated in favour of the American producer, and against the English merchant. The freemen were the only persons benefited by the dues ;. and, as a matter of prudence, he thought the town of Liver. pool did not gain anything by the impost, as it checked the demand for various goods. In additionto theLivtrpool dues of 6d. there were also the Weaver dues of Is, uponthesalt; making altogether ls. 6d. Hehad also to complain of the exclusive privileges granted to freemen, as they were enabled to compete most advantageously 'with the non-freemen. By Mr. HonsrAxs..-No doubt it would be a greatier be- - nefit to do away with the Weaver dues of Is. than the Liverpool dues of Gd.; but the same agurment that woulda apply against the former would tell still more strongly a, ainst the tlatter. Some return was given for the Weaver dues, but there was no benefit derived from the Liveroodl dues. MIr. Thomas Lloyd, of Birmingh:rm, said he was formerly? in business as general exporter of hardware. He -was deputed by the Chamber of Commerce to appear before the committee on the subject of the Liverpooltown dues. The question has occupied his attention for the past 12 months, in consequence of his having discovered, in common with others, that the dues were not applied for the benefit of the shipping, but for the local purposes of Liverpool * and it was considered very unfair that Birmingham should Lave to pay towards the borough rates and other local rates of Liverpool as well as their own. The total exports of hardNvare for the whole kingdom were nearly 6,000,0.00, of which ninetenths went through LiverpooL Of leather the exports through Liverpool muight be takenat4,000,0001. Fromhisr own books witness has ascertained that the town dues amounted to 2s. 2d. per cent, and he learned from one of his neighbours thathe paid 3s. ld. per cent.; and from a third that the dues on his goods varied from Is. 8d. to 3s. SL ner cent. From these data witness arrived at the2 conclusion that his district paid betwen 4,000L and 5,000. per annum for Liverp0ol town dues. His own firm had paid 9. for dues, while the local rates for the same period only amounted to 541. 15s. He complained of the dues also on. the ground that the freemen were exempt ?oand he had been informed by Mr. Halliday, of Birmingham, that one firmof forwarding agents in Liverpool made a large profit by forwarding goods in the name of one of the partners, whowas a freeman. * The CHIuRMn" here said he had received a letter from the trustees of the Duke of Bridgewater, which should bes read to the commuittee. The letter stated that they had not. thought it necessary to appear before the committee in opposition to the Liverpool town dues, beeause the facts of the case would be so fully explained by the various witnesses who would give evidence. The trustees, however, 'vished it to be understood that they saw no reason to alter the opinion they had expressed before the Shipping Dues Commision on a former occasion. Mir. Titus Salt, mohair and alpaca manufacturer, at Ship. ley, near Bradford, was deputed, as President of the Chamber of Commerce of Bradford, to represent their feeling upon the subject of the Liverpool town dues. It was felt as a great grievance that, while Bradford paid 61,000t. int rates, they should, in addition, bcalled upon to pay towards the Livrerpool rates. The foreign wool imported through. Liverpool anounted to 122,2-93 hales, exclusve of the Irsh and Scotch. For bales under 2cwt. the town dues were 2d., and above that weight 4d. The value of the bales wouldE vary from 101 to 301. On exportation another charge of 4d. per package for town dues was charged. The distrnt oE the Dorough of Bradford paid 4.0001. on both imports and exports to the town of Liverpool, and with regard to his' mohair and alpaca manufactory witness might state thathis premises were rated at 4,000l. and upwards, upon which he paid 350l. altogether for rates, and he considered the Liverpool town does were more than half that amount. By Mr. Wxrsos.-Hie purchased hisrawrr materials from the importer at Liverpool, and therefore did not pay the dues directly, hut indirectly he did so upon all the articles used ina his manufactoryv By the CHsmnass. S03p was used to a considerable extent at his works, and the oil from which the soap was made vas subject to the town dues. Mr. J. Bancroft, a member of the town council of Manchester and director of the Birkenhead Raiwvay, appeared to represent the interests of those bodies. He would state generally that the railway interest, and Prior to the last year the dock interest, on the Cheshire side of the Mersey, had been seeking an opportunity to bring the whole question of the Liverpool town dues before the attention of Parliament. With respect to the right of the corporation of Liver. pooltolevythedues in question witness at some length wentthroughthe various grants under vwhich they were claim.ed, end pointed out to the committee the original extent of the town or lordship of Liverpool, and said lie complained that these dues were not even confined to this. boundary, but extended to the whole Customs' porb. The mode in which these town dues were levied was as objectionable as the tax itself; besides it 'was imposed on all articles indiscriminately, and there was nothins to limit the amount. When the system of docks at BL'-enhead was commenced it was clear to Liverpool that the dues wouldc not be submitted to; measures were accordingly ta'ken by the corporation to obstruct the creation of the docks, by' purchasing a large portion of land on the margin of Wallasey-pool. This was held for a certain time, and was afterwards sold vith the permission to build docks on the land; but the following day the corporation of Liverpool passed a resolution to petition against the construction of docks This state of things was changed last year, and the corpora. tion purchased the Birkenhead Docks, with the town dues. Witness would give an instance of the hardship inflicted by the imposition of these dues. A vessel of 900 tons coming into Birkrenhead, and discharging 800 tons of her cargo, and discharging the remaining 100 at Liverpool, would be charged by the corporation with the town dues on thewhboie cargo. le objected to pay the dues, which were applied to municipal purposes, and not to benefit the shiping anit docks. Looking at the question in a Livermoo point of view, he thought the levying of these dues most impolitic. This was shown by the removal of a large portion of thepig iron trade to Fleetwood and other places. As to the. conservancy of the Mersey, he could state that the' embankiment on the Cheshire side was being carried into' the river, and as the material consolidated it interfered with the channeL On the opposite side of the river the conservators allowed the dock trustees to project 100 yards into the river beyond the Parliamentary line, thus throwing the channel on the Cheshire side. Writness would suggest that, the whole system of docks, the receipt of tolls, and the conservancy of the river should be under the management of one body, and that a public one. The Board might consist of 24 members, of whom six might be elected by Lancashire, six by Cheshire, six by Liverpool, and six by the Board of Trade. By Mr. HoRSFnLL,-He did not by any means deny the ncreasing prosperity of the town of LiverpooL It was impossible it could be otherwise, looking at the im mense extent of the manufacturing district behind it. Bat hey believed that the Birkenhead side of the lfersey posaessed. the greatest natural advantages. lir. Hor.sr.LL then moved that the 3r. Halliday referred' to in the evidence of M3r. Lloyd, should be ordered to attend. and give evidence before the committee. The room was then cleared, and the committee decided that he should be summoned to attend on 31onday. The committee then adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock. _
SUPERANIMATION TA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-Your just article of this day on the pressure of the income tax upon the middle classes induces me to ask your aid in urging the necessity of a speedy settlement of tbo additional tax of 51. per cent. levied upon the salaries oE clerks in public offices. Indeed, Sir, this is a tax tot> grievous to be borne. Eleven per cent. is now levied upon our salaries, and imagine this tax upon the salary of a man of 3001. a-year, with a wife andfamiiy to support in arespect. able manner. Nearly four mosths have now elapsed since the appointment of the Civil Service Superannuation Committee, and, after hearing voluminous evidence, so conclusive that it was understood X majority of the committee were prepared to recommend the discontinuance of the SL. per cent. abatement, yet, from some unexplained reason, the 1whole of the evidence has been referred to a lesser tribunal, for either an opinion or further evidence. This is tortwre to the over-taxed clerk, because he sees in it a plea for unnecessarily postponing the settlement of this long vexed question. You have advocated our cause on former occasions, and i pray you, Sir, not to forsake us in this hour of need ana i trial. Your obedient servant. A CIVIL SERVANT. I Mray 22.
rAdvertisement.]-Alberb Smith's " schioness of Brin. e"the poisoner of .he 17th ceDtury, is now eagerly sought after. Thc ies of the Borgias, the BrinvilleM, and other celebrated mimni|Daa of the past stand forth in bold relief in the catalogue of gui3t, .roving that the "poLoned chalice" of the poet was no faitastco ieream; sad hi6tory shows that ruch crimea have heen at oer'airx perodsof ommn ocurenc. Ic te Mrclioem of Brinviliwes" i bt Smith has handled a daelicate Injubject wctbia master hand. and .the resuit is a most extrordinry and interesting book, for which an unparalleled sale is inevit>able. Price i. 6d. or free by post for22 stamnps. London. George Boutledge and Co., Fasringdou-slroet. tAdvertisement.}Haveyon that never-fajling source oE entertainment-an Aquarium 3 If so, purchare Dean and Son's Is. manuarll on the subject. Should you desre toD have your dinnels pro- erlydressed and served, thenpurchase "Cookery arie BaY"for ls. This book net only tell your )ook vhat to do. but bohw to do it. It you wishynurhome to look well audbe properly attended to, "Praotics] Directions on the Choice. 1'eatment, and Management oS Horses," by Mlls, 'LV.C.S., is the book you ongict not to be witboute 1S. Hlave you a garden, and hke it to loD}veU. 3nd3;e itEO writh lhttle trouble hen obtain W. D. Smith's "PracticafGuido to the Culture of tle Garden;" Is., post free, is. 21London; Dean and Bon, publishers, Bible and stationerv warehouse, 31, Lodgate-hiU. rAdvertisement.]-Meaical Biegistration.-"The Londom an Provincial Medical Directory for 1556, price 7s. d., gives the name, address, qualifications. aPpointments, and published works oE eTery known quJifded practitioner in the ktingdomm-list of tho Universities Collges, and Halls-the PTblic. Medical Services-Hospitals and Dispensaries-Medical &hools-Mili, Medical OhicrCgconera, LcnatiC Ayl1nmA-With a vast nmount of information, extending to nearly 900 pages. Also the Medical Directoies for EcoUland and lrcland for lSS6, price 53. each, on the rame comprehenrive pltn. Ofice. 20, King Wiliam-strect,.Strand. PaDlisb alao by John Churchill, ew BPurlingto-street, '[Advertisenent.3-" The Queen v. Pahmner."-Nu2Tu ready Allen's VerbatnuoBeport of the Case for the rsecntion,-`art. 1. 517D0, lPrice is, This edition is in immense demand. anL has aleady been dieeribedby legal gentlemen connected with the ease as"wFondrfuly correct-" Part IL, the case for the Defence, and tbh6 Jndge'sSumming~up, win he pu~abEisbaed the dayalter the deliveryot L th veiete4Lr5oFOelL 13stacnpsfor either part, or 26stampsfor. the won: com;.lete, will secure copies. Londo: J. Allen. 204 WArwick-lane, Paternoster-row, .r Veekaw ,a 3teJ 6, =P?-9Qg f2ite, de-WbW, ..
- PARLIAMBRYTARY INTLLIGElcvE. HOTISE OF LORDS, FRIAY, MAY 23. 'The LaoRD CaLh%CiELluoi took his seat on the woolsack at -;o'clock. The Earl of CLAICARTY presented a petition from the nhabitants of a parish in Tyrone, Ireland, praying that such terations may be made in the rules and regulations con. licted vnththe naional -system of education as will enable h to participate m the advantages of the Government Vscout DTJGANON presented petitions from places in(ark- against the Mayno-oth grant and the Oatth of Aburtojn BYiI. TheBishop of LIC3TIELlD presented petitions against the abdlition of church-rates wit on an equivalent, and the openilntf public places of amusement on Sunday. l.OrtdlEINERS presented petitions from parishioners of 'West lcmnee,, against the abolition of church-rates wvithout some effectta equivalent; from inhabitants of Bulk;ington Wadrewick; 3urlnghani, St. Edniund's; Burlingliam' St. Andrewis; and Ormsby and Scratly, Norfolk, in tavour of suaiing, not only the fabric, but also things Mecessary for d,cent observance of public worship in parish churChes in Esgland and Wales; from the Leicestershire Trades Protectio. Society, consisting of bankers, merchants, nanufacturers, and traders of Leicester and adjoinair' counties, in favour of the County Courts Akmendmuent Bill;an from inhabitart5 of Alness, County of Xoss, prayanU' Me aesty will he graciously pleased to issue her Rtoyal1 rcommanlds that nO anlitary bands he required to play for publc a musement on any part of the Lord's day. ST. JA3MES'S PALACE. Iord R&VENSWORTa rose to call the attention of the Government to certain circumstances in connexion with the projected approaches from Pall-mall to St. James's Park -and the defects of the east front of St. James's Palace; naso to the position of some of the public statues in the metropolis. n the discussions that had taken place on this subject, some omnissions had been made to which he thought it right to call the attention of their lordships. In this country, when ally public improvements were proposed, it 'was not ornl deslrable but necessary that soine degee of pit lie consideration should be given to the subject. In despotic Governments the Sovereigns had unliaited means in their hands of consulting the best architects and engineers, and the consequence was unity of design and completeness of execution,-results -which he was sorry to say were very frequently not attained in the amprovements tbat wvere effected in this country. Wffhen Crown property was concerned the consent of the Crown mnust be obtained before any improvenient could take place; and, as everybody knew, the consent of the Bouse of Commons was necessary to even the sumallest expenditure of the public money. He trusted that, when an opportunity arose for discussing any kind of improvement that was projected, eveen an individual so unprofessional as himself might be permitted to express asi opinion; and it xvas en this ground that he no^w wished to draw attention to the plan which had been published for T,nimg accommodation to the public through St. James!s B .That phlan was that a conmunication should be opened from t e bottom of Se. James's-street, through a buildingcalled theGermanChapel, into St. James's Park, giving the public a right of way to pass the Palace on the right. He believed one main object of opening the coenniunication was to dimlinish the vast tra.fic which daily took place through Pall-maU to Charing-cross. This was, no doubt, a very proper object, and there were others which it might be desirable to carry out; but the main point to which he now wvished to advert was the excellent opportunitv afforded of making a niost marked improve3lient'in the appearance of one of the most iniportant parts of the metropols, and at the same time giving greatly increased acconmopation to the public. He referred to the state of the east front of St. James's Palace, and he vwould ask whether in carrying out these great improvei;ents it was mot possible to make some alterations and improvements in that portion of the palace which lay between the east and centre of the building? He was not desirous that a farthing of unnecessary expenditure should be made. In the great palace in which they were now assembled, and which was certainly a most magnificent and sumptuous structure, he considered the effect would have been quite as On.gnificent from its great proportions if at least one-filth of the expenditure had been saved. Let their lordships loolk at the central gateway of St. James's Palace. It was a very fair spechnen, so far as its proportions went, of .be architecture of its time. A gateway of that sort should at least present sonic features of strength alnd stability. It -was a central building, supported by two flanking towers. 7he original design of such towers was for purposes of strength arnd defence, and they were pei-forated with innumerable windows. Thlere wvas a certain old-fashioned, rustic dignity about them with which so many associations wvere connected that he should be sorry to see the day when thley would be taken dovn. But wvhat had we on the east side of that central gateway? A piece of building the most paltry that could be witnessed in any country. It was fied with windows of so cold and bleak a character and so rotten tlat every storm of wind threatened its stability. It was suimounted vith chimneystacks and pots of such a description that lie was sare none of their lordships would ever think of putting them on their farmhouses. Now, was it not possible, in connenion with the new- approaches about to be miade, to have a suitable addition to the palace somewhat similar to that which had been erected in Lincolnsinn-fields? He believed such an improvenient might be mzode without at all interfering with the accommodation given to those who by favour of Her Majesty occupied aparHments in that portion of the palace. Re night state that he had consulted the right lion. baronet the Chief Couinrssi ner of the Bcaid of Works on this subject, and thiat notbing had fallen from hinm (Lord Ravensworth) -which had not his hearty concurrence. So much wi'h reference to the exterior of the palace but what was the internal accomiodation given to the British public, and especially the ladies of this emipire w-hen tiey attend Hler Majesty's dra-wingrooms? He -was aware that noble lords opposite had so long enjoved the privileges of the enurfc that the points on which lie now -endeavoured to speakL would not, probably, in their eyes, possess the importance which others attached to them; hut, ntveithieless, he thougit it bv no mneans an ui-important qnesticn to ask what the ladies of this great kingdom had to sncounter w-hen they attended BIer Majesty's drawinrooms ? (Hear, hear.) It was a well-known fact that the society of London was now so large that excepting in the moblest houses of the nietropolis proper accomniodation in -ordinary life could hardly be provided. There *-ere excet:ons-such, forexaimple,a.thatprovidedbythenoblemarqums oppcsite (the Marquis of Lar,sdowne), wvho so generously opened his house to the public; but what acconinmodation was there in the Il'oval palaces? Those who wished to show thtir duty to Her Majesty had to assemble in the open air under an arelhway, and thence find their way into a passage both lone and close, at least ICO feet in length. WVhen -they reached the end of this passage they ran their .eads against a platform, and were turned short round into another passage exposed to the wvind from the north andsouth, from two doors that wvere constantly open. Then there was a narroNv staircase to mount. WVhenladies were attired inthe full Court eostume of the present fashion a good-sized staircase at least, was reijuired for their accoinmmodationi; butthey were now exposed to all the inconveniience and pressure consefluent on a narrow staircase with a turningin themniddle;, andas tlierewas only one staircase for ascent and descent a great deal of bustle and embarrassment had necessarily to he endured before even the threshold of the Court was attained. Their lordships were avware that at St. James's PJalce much extent of ground was wasted in needless courtyards, and, therefore, he submitted wvhetber the Governmlent ought not take into consideration, when a fair opportunity for making aIterations preseiited itself, the expediency of effecting for the public accommodation such alterations as he had intimated. It was his opinion, as far as regarded expense, that if the matter were nl iced in the hands of an architect accus. tomed to consider the adaptation of modern buildings to ancient remains, the alterations might be effected not only handsoixelv. but at a verv moderate cost. lie now proposed to call their lordslilse attention to soine of the public statues. and lie felt h inself the more entitled to do so be*cuse, hy an act of Parliament passed the year before last, when the late larnent -d Sir W. Moles-worth was at the head of the Board of Publi: Worls, the repairand maintenance of public statues in the metropols were intrusted to the Go-ernnient. Hie expresFed Ihs hope that some steps would bh taken to fill up the vacuum on the pedestal in Trafalgarsquare, by erectinig an equestrian statue in a position corresponding to that of the statue of George IV. There -was at present in this country one of the ablest and most talented sculptors in reference to works o' this kind-Baron 'Marochetti; and it would be well for the Government to consider whether it was not now timc to fill up the vacant I,edestal withla work worthy of the conntry. There was a uchedule attached to the act of Parliament, enumerating the statues placed under the superinitendence of the Government, but the statue he was now about to notice was not contained in that schedule. However, when he pointed out certain circumstances in connexion with the statue, le thought there would be no indisposition on thepart of those h-vin-, tl:e property of it to consider the criticisnis he sboul venture to make. In Hanover-squ.are there was a statue of Mr. Pitt on a lofty pedestal, occupying a commanding position similar to that whichl he filled in the political world h but in a direct line with that statuie, going northwards, there stood in Cavendish-square also a very ,ccd mnadern statue, representing his latenoble and lamented znend Lord George Bentinek, which was placed on so high a pedestal that it w,as almost difficult to get a good sight of it; and it hid from sight the statue of Villiam Duke of Cumberland, vwhich appeared to be the figure of a fat man on a fat horse. 'The great object of public monuments was to preser-e the memory of uilustrious men and to eumbellish the public thoroughfares; but the statue of the Duke of Cumberland was simply ridiculous as it stood. If it were to be left n the square it should be elevatedi to a proper height, so as o be above th:e head of the pedestrian statue, which now 'overhadowved it. Another statue to which he wished to call attention properly came under the consideration of the Governnentt lhe meant the statue of the Duke of Rent at -the ton of Portland-place, which statue was never seen unless it was carefully lool-ed for. Portland-place was sbotut the widest street in London, and by way of termnisating the vista, there was placed in the distance what appeared to be a small black man hidin- himself aniong the 'trecs, and to it might be applied, with a single alteration, the words of the Latin poet, " nec sc cupit antc ride'i." He certainly thought that unless the inhabitants of Portland-place were particulariy enanmoured of the statue, a more approPriate site might be found for it and, in his opinion, Itwould be a proper eompliment to fcr Majesty to place tho statue in tne centre of that snmail court which formed {e onew entrance to Buccin ham Palace on the Pimlico side. 'hile he was alluding to the subject of the fine arts, he 'might call their lordships? attention to the fact, that a, collec- tioLn of no less than 60 pictrres, inimitable as works of art, and inappreciable in point of£value, -which wsere boequeathed to the natiotfy thattinri'sslledpainter the late Mr. Tunr wrere now stowed away in cellar-sunder the lJational;Galle1 where, from want of light and air, they murst speedily he deteriorated in condition. A dispute had taken place w;ith reference to these pictures betweent thc trusteed of tEio National Gallery and the heirs-at-law of Mr. Tarner, and by the decision of the Court of Chancery the pictures vere now the property of the nation. The condition upon which the pictures were bequeathed was, that the Governnient should provide a fitting receptacle for these noble works of art, which he (Lord ftavensworth) did not hesitate to say were worth their weight in gold. Notlong ago he saw tbree of Mr. Tarner's pictures sold bv auction for 5,000 guineas; and be thought it was high time that some mneasures should be taken for the restoration to the light of day of the valuable collection of pictures which that eminent artist had bequeathed to the nuation. If a PrOper receptacle for those pictures could not at once be built at the expense of the country, he thought that at least some public room light be temporarily hired by the Governmuent for the e.xhibition of the paintings, which uwere at present altogether inaccessible to the public. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE observed that it might be satisfactoryto the noblelord tolearathatthe importanceof providing a proper place for the reception of the paintings of the eminent artist to whom he bad referred had not escaped the attention of the Government. Unfortunately, in consequence of the proceedings in Chancery, they had hitherto bcen inaccessi'ble to the public, but he could assure his noble friend that they would be deposited in a place of safety until a receptacle worthy of the artist and the country could be provided for them. Lord REDESDALE said, that three plans had been laid before Parliament for establishing a conununication between Pall-mall and St. James's Park, one of which pro. posed a line of road through the Green Park-, but he was not inclined to assent to any plan which would intersect that park by a road. The Marquis of CLAIlJICARDE observed, that he concurred with the noble lord (Redesdale) in thinking that an entrance into Pall-mall to the wvest of the Green Park would be a greater imnprovement than the plan suggested by the committee. As allusion had been made to the state of our public edifices, it might not be inappropriate to observe that the dignity of the Sovereign and the comfort of such of her subjects as were in the habit of attending Her Majesty's drawving-rooms alike required that- some alterations should be made in St. James's Palace. No doubt the regulations presenbed for observance on State occasions were excellent, but the hurry and noise that prevailed in departing, and the difiicultY that persons experienced in finding their carriages, caused a degree of confusion that was exceedingly unbecoming. Lord ST. LEONARD'S complained that the beauty of Somerset House was greatly disfigured by the proximity of two stacks of red chinmeys. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) They were an intolerable eyesore, and for years he had been trying to get them removed. A more important question, however, was the completion of the Houses of Parliament. It was to be hoped that, until the Palace of Westminster was finished, the Government would nbt undertake any new scheme of architecture. It was no doubt desirmble that there should be one great edifice, beautiful in design and of noble proportions for the accommodation of all the public departments, but it would be tinLe enough to think of such a structure when the Houses of Parliament were completed. The present situation of affairs was disgraceful. The clocktower and other parts of the building were still in an unfinished state, and there was pending between the Governinent and the architect a dispute that ought notto remain unsettled for 12 hours. He had no wish to prejudice the case of the architect, amnan of the highest eminence in hisprofession, but be would take leave to say that, as regarded the matter in controversy between himl and the Government, the Governnient appearedto him (LordSt. Leonard's) to be inthe ri,ht. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) But howvever this niight"be it was certain that the question oug ht to be adjusted one way or the other without further dpiay. The state of Palaceyard said little for the taste and liberality of the Government. Asshed for horses had been nrn up against the wall of Westminster-hall, and it resembled a coalshed or some such miserable edifice which might be constructed at an expense oi 101., and which one would give 201. to get rid of. (A laugh.) The Earl of MIALMIESBURY called attention to the dilapidated condition of some of the public offices, and observed that one of them in particular was in such a state of decay that recently there was sonic danger of its falling in and crushing the inmates. Indeed, our arrangements with respect to public offices were susceptible of egreat improvement, and it was unpardonable that in a country- like this the Eoreign Minister should not have A suitable official residence at which to give those receptions whlich were expected from a person in his pOSitiOn. In consequence of the want of such a building, tie charge of pro vidina fitting accommodation was thrown upon the 2linister hi secif, -whose salary was scarcely sufficient for the outlay. Very few persons had the advantage of possessing a house large enough to receive the representatives of foreign countries or of Foreign Sovereigns-such, for instance, as it was his duty to receive on the occasion of the funeral of the late Duke of Wellington. The Minister for Foreign Affairs ought to have a house in which he could live and in which he could hold those receptions which were incidental to his office. The Foreign-office was formerly a dwvelling-house; it had kitchens for instance, and it had bed chambers then, but it had nieither of those now. The present system of hiring extraneous houses for public offices was most expensive to the country, and he wished to know, therefore, whether there was any chance of a plan being laid out and commenced upon for the complete concentration of the various public offices. The 3Marquis of LANSDOWNE said, that since this subject had been last discussed in their lordships' house abont a month ago, not a day had been lost in endeavouring to Jay down some scheme for the attainment of the desired object. He was happy to say that a plan had been agreed upon. vwhicli was about to be submitted to a comnittee of tHe House of Commons, of which notice had been given, and it would rest with that House to say how far it would sanetion that plan. HIe entirely agreedwith the noble earl in his condemnation of the psresent Foreign-office. There was not a more gloomy, unsafe, unsightly blilding of its size in all London.d He was convinced that the concentration of anl the public offlces, if well carried out, would uot only be ornamental to the metropolis, but wMould lend to a great saving of expense. Earl STANHOPE said, he had observed that fe-. of the statues raised in London within the last 40 years to eminent miien bore upon them any inscription beyond the name of the pce-son to whom they were raised, and the date perhaps of his birth and death. That -was not the case with the statues in foreign cities. Many of their lordships, no0 doubt, would remember the inscription at the base of the statue of Joseph II., at Vienna, aptly and tersely setting forth both his short life and his active mind :-" Pu6iicaw'soluti zixit nont dis2 Sed ftuts." The inscription in front of the Military Hospital at Berlin, "'Lu,so sed in-icto msiiti," was no less happy. le saw no reason why a smitable English inscription should not he placed on any statues which might be erected in London for the future, and Ile hoped the Government would bear his suggestion in mind. The subject then dropped. DRAINAGE (PRIVATE ADVANCES) ACT AMEND-)| MIEN'T BILL. The MTarquis of SALISBURY, in moving the second reading of this bill, wwas understood to say that the principle of the measure w as the same as that of the bill of lest year which received the sanction of their lordships. Its object was to make general the powers granted by the private drainage acts. Lord ST. LEONARD'S warned their lordships against the inmpoicy of continuing to tenants for life and other limited interests the power of chargingr estates with the whole expense of improvements effected by moneys advanced through the instrnmentality of private drainage compsanies. If carried to an excess no measure could be more fatal to the inheritance of that property which was considered essential to the well being of the country. It w as a departure from all sound principles of legislation; and, though the noble marquis thought he would mitigate the evil by making the power general, his bill would only perpetuate and extend the mischief, without any hope of it ever being redressed. Hle would suggest that the bill should be referred tona select committee. The Duke of ARGYLL1 thought there was some force in what had beens said as to persons not givsng money hut borrowving from public companies;* but this wvas better than the old law, u-lobc prevented tenants for life froms borrowing money at all. Lord P.LDESD.ALE did not see whly there should not be some vell-considered general plan on the subject, but he thought the principle of charging lsnd w ith such buirdens should be c.arefully regulated. The biUl was then read a second time. T2RANSPORTATION. Earl STANHOPE: said, that after the full discussion which the subject of transportation had recently received in that house, and as the feeling of their lordships and of the Govermnent was in favour of the appointment of a committee to inquire into the operation of the present law, it was unnecessary for him to occupy the time of the HIouse in urginmg the expediency of such a measure. He would, therefore, simply move the resolution of wvhich he had given notice-" Thata select committee be appointed to inquire into the provisions and operation of the act 16th and 17th Of Victoria, chap. 99, entitled, 'An act to substitute in certain cases other Punishment in lien of transportation."' The motion was agreed to. The Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Mtetropolis) Act, 1853, Amendment Bill was then read a third time and passed. The report of amendments on the Marriage Law Amend. ing Bill was brought up and received. ' The Procedure Before Justices (Scotland) Bill went through committee. Lord STANLEY of ALDEBEY presented a petition from the Corporatiox of Manchester, prayig that the Court of Record of that city may be exempted from the operation of the County Courts Bill. The LORD CHA:NOCELLOR stated that, in consequence of the objections wihich had been made to that clause of the bill wlich would affect the Court of Record at Manchester, and some local courts of a similar description, he had deter. msined not to press it. Their lordships adjourned soon after 7 o'clock.
EOIJSE OF COMMONS, ERiDAY, MdY 23. The SPEXuER took the chair at 4 o'clock. PPIVATE BUSIESS. The following bills were read a thirdtime and passed :_ Tho Blackburn, &c.. Roads Bill, the Colne Valley and Hal. stead Railway Bill, the Cork Bridges, Waterworks, &-c., Bill, the Fleetwood, Preston, and 'VetbRiding Junction Railway Bill, the O.xford, orcester and Wolverhampton Railway (Extension of lines &c.) Bill, the Shrewsbury aud Hereford Railway Bill, the Stocktor. and Mtiddlesbrough New Road and .Bnidge Bill, the Yanouth and Haddiscoe Railway Bill, and the Perth Burgh and Harbour BilL NEW WRIT. On the mnotion of Mr. HAsTER, a new writ was ordered to be issued for a nieniber to serve in the present Parliament for the borough of Lichfleld, in the plue of Lord Waterpark, who had accepted the office of steward of the Manor of Northatead. Petitions were presented by Dr. W. MrcHELsr from the inbabitants of East London and of Leicester; Nicholas Betham and family, Killiney, Ireland; inhabitants of Edinburgh, of Klinross, and of PitlessieoFifeshire, Scotland; G. Kenning, Btnckingham, commercial traveller- J. Skelton, surgeon, Liverpool; and from the inhabitants of Bexhill, Sussex, against the Vaccination Bill; by Mr. GRE.-vEs, from the mlinister and congregation of Warwick-street Chapel, Leamington, against miltary bands playing for public amusement on the Lord's-day, by Mr KE-nD.ALL, from the board of guardians of the enzance Union, county of Cornwall, in favour of the Rating of Mines Bill; from the guardians of the Helston Union, against rating union-houses; from 25 clergymen of the county of Cornwall, against Sir W. Clay's Bill and the amendments of Her Majesty's Ministers; and from inhabitants of the parish of Altarnun, against the performance of military bands and sale of refreshments in Kensington-gardens andotherpublic placesontheLord's-day; by Sir S. NORTHCOTE, from Dudley Union, against the Scotch and Irisl Paupers Removal Bill; by Lord GODERIci, from the Abergavennv Inprovement Commissioners, for alterations in the Police Bill; by M1r. H. G. LANGTON, from the Baptist congregation of Buckingham Chapel, Clifton, praying for the discontinuance of all public grants for religiousworship in Treland; by Mr. HEADFIEILD, from miners in Eyamn, Derbyshire, against the bill for ratin mines, and that lead mines, especially in Derby.hire, may he exempted from rating ; bylr. BRACISTON,fromthe deaneriesof Carewdon and Rochlford, against the abolition of church-rateswithout anequivalent; byMr. NoEL,from owners and occupiersof land in Rutlandslire, against the Agricultural StatisticsBill' by Mr. S=riLLsG, from Tenandry, Dornock, and Latheson, against the Lord-Advocate's Parochial School Bill; by Mr. G. LAKNGTOX, from Halse in Somersetshire, against the abolition of church-rates, and from occupiers of land attending Bath-market, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. Kssuc, from Rathmelton and NewtownLinavady, praying the House to extend the Scotch act to Ireland w.hich prohlibits the sale of spirits on the Lord'sday; by Mr. BLACKBURN, from the Synod Free Church of Moray, in favour of Forbes Mackenzie's Act; from tho Synod Free Church of DMoray, against the Maynooth grant; from workmen at Herbertshire print works, in favour of the law against the arrestment of wages; from inhabitants of Belhelvir; from the Kirk Session of Glenmuich; from schoolmasters and Presbytery of Kincardine; from parishioners of Sleat; from Kirk Session, Porton Craig; from the KCirk Session, Nairn; and~ fromn the congregation of Careston, against the Parochial Schools Bill by Mrr. Wf. LOCI;HART, from the Commissioners of Supply of the county of Lanark, praying that titles made up by executos in Scotland may be made to applytopersonal estates in England and Ireland; trom the "i,k Session of Govan and from the parishioners of Strathcatro, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; from Glasgow, signed by 1,00U, praying that the arrestment of workmen's wages should be decared to be illegal; from the parochial board of the Barony Parish of Glasgow, against theScotch and Irish Paupers Removal Bill; by Mr. P, PhmLLDIoRE, from the archdeaconry of Worcester, verv numerously signed, in favour of Mr. R. Pbillhnore's ltlie Rating Bill; from the ward of Langbourn, in the citv of London, against the London Corporation Reform Bill; bv MIr. SlruiLEY, from the minister and churchu-ardens of St. Mary's parish at Leamington Priors, Warwickshire, the inhabitants and visitors of Leamington, and the Indepen dent Methodists of the same place, against the public performance of military bands on the Lord's-day; by Sir A. AoaXEV, from the Royal Burgh of Stransaer, against the Poor Removal Bill: by 3rr. GMivN, from the Mayor, aldenuen, and councillors of Falmouth, for a repeal of the fire insurance duty; by Mr. ALEXANDER HASTIE, from the parochial board of Gorbals, against the bill for the removal of poor persons chargeable in England who have been born in Scotland or Ireland; by Mr. J. C. EWVART, from the select vestry of Liverpool, against the Poor Law Removal Bill; by Mr. DUNLOP, from the parocbhalboard of Greenock, for the regulation of unlicensed brokers; and from the parochial board of Dalkeith, for amendment of the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill; by Mlr. T. DuNcoUMsE,from the Metropolitan Poor Law Association, praying for a comprehensive measure for rating and poor removal; by Mr. PEL,A?TT, from prisoners for debt in London and Middlesex, praying for an assimilation of the lawvs of insolvency anad bankruptcy, &c.; by Mr. SaroLLErr, from the -workers employed by Messrs. Muir, Brown, and Co., Turkey red dyers and calico printers, Glasgow; and the workers at Mr. Dunn's iron and brass foundry, John-street, Glasgow, ag ainst the arrestment for wages for debt - the inhabitants of the parish of Cardros9, Danbartonshire, against the Parochial Sehools (Scotland) Bill; by Sir MI. S. STEVVART, from inhalhitants of Kilbarchan in favour of Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill - and from w-orLmen of Messrs. Crum, Thoruliebank, praying for repeal of the lawr of arrestment of workmen's wages ; by Mr. Amcocx, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, praying that the bill now before Parliament to prevent false packing and other frauids in the hay and straw trade may be passed into a law; * by Mr. MILLIGAN, froni the select vestry and overseers of Rawden, Yorkshire, against the Scotch and Irish l'auper Removal Bill; by Captain STUA.RT, from members and friends of the Protestant Association, London, against the Oath of Abjuration Bill; by MIr. G. S. DUFF-, from the parochial board of the parish of Elgin, against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill; and by Sir J. DUKE, from the freeholders and leaseholders of Thavies-inn, for exemption from the Poor Law Amendment Bill. LOCAL TAXATION INT DUBLIN. Mr. VANCE asked the C{hief Secretary for Ireland, if his attention had been called to the loc-l taxation of the city of Dublin, now amounting to nearly 50 per cent. on the value of the property; and if he intended to institute any inquiry or introduce any measure on the subject ? Mr. HORSMAN said, his attention had not before been called to this matter, and he had not heard anytbing which led him to believe that it was necessary to introduce a bill on the subject. CRIMEAN MEDALS. Colonel DUNNE asked the 'Under-Secretary for War, wvhether certain officers and men who arrived in the Crimea subsequently to the lSth of September bad received decorations whdich they were subsequently directed to give up, and the reason for this proceeding ? 3rr. PLEL said that, in distributing the medals to those who served Ewith the British army in the Crimea. it was of course necessary to specify some period after which troops who arrived in the East shouild not be considered entitled to these decorations. The period so fixed upon was the day after the fall of Sebastopol, and no doubt if any medals were inadvertently issued to troops wvio arrived out subsesequent to that period, those medals would have to be returned. ARCTIC MiEDALS. Mr. T. DUNJCOMBE asked the First Lord af the Ad miralty wvhen the medals pronmised to the officers and men engaged in the Arctic searcll for Sir John Franklin and his companions were to be distributed ? Sir C. WOOD, owing to a delay which had occurred in designing the medals, could not tell his lion. friend when they would be distributed. GUANO ON THE ARABIAIN COAST. Mr. HORSFALL asked the First Lord of the Treasury if he could give any information as to the quantity of guano on the islands in the KIooria Moorin Bay, on the south-east coast of Arabia, understood to be ceded to the British Crown, and wwhat restrictions had been placed on the removal of it; also, whether any exclusive right to the guano had been granted to any person or persons, and, if so, the names of snch persons and the terms of such grant? Lord PALMERSTON said, there was a limuited quantitof guano upon the islands to which the hon. gentleman referred, which islands were ceded to the Queenby the Imaun of Miuscat not very long ago. A right had been granted to a certain company of merchants to take guano from these islands for the period of thrde or five years (he did not remember which), on payment of a certain rate of duty, but the quantity of puano v:as, he -was afraid, extremely limited; it only existed in two of the islands, and there it was not in large quantities; or of any great value. PARTNERSH11? AMIEENDIMENT (No. 2) BEILL. In answer to Mr. SrooyEsI, Mr. LOWE said, he had no intent.ia to bring on this bill that evening, but lie hoped it would be taken on Monday. ORPHLAN CADETS AT SANDRUIIST. On the motion that this House at its rising do adjourn until Monday, Colonel NORTH roseto ask thelUnder-Secretary for War, whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Giovernment to carry into effect the recommendation of the Sandhurst Committee with respect to the establishnient of the orphan class of cadets at that college? It was now a year since the noble lord at the head of the Govermisent gave his consent to the appointment of a committee for the purpose of inquiring into this subject, and this conmnittee, at the head of whilch was placed the right hon. baronet the member for Portsmouth (Sir F. Baring), recommended that an orphan class, consisting of ten orphans, should be admitted to Sandburst last year, and 20 this year. When he had put a question sonme time ago on the subject the answer given was, that it was not in the power of the Governmentto provide for and support 20 o -phans of Her Mlajesty's army and navy. No steps appeared to have been taken at the college for the purpose of introducing any of this class of cadets, but he wonld ask whether, at a moment when universal joy would be spread throughout the land at the safe return of relatives or dear friends from the East, and at a nioment -when the only desolate hearths would be those of the orphans and widows of the slain, the Government of this country, the richest and mightiest on tho face of the globe, were prepared to state that they were unable to provide for and support 20 orphan boys of those brave men who, after undergoing unparaUleled hardships and sufferings, had wiingly given up their lives for the honour of their Colonel DUNNE reminded the hon. gentleman of another recommendation of the committee in regard to the improvement of the education of officers, especially officers connected with the staff, and wished to know what steps had been taken to carry out that recommendation ? Mrr. PE:EL replied, that the Government did intend to adopt the recommendation of the committee to which the hon. and gallant member (Colonel North) had referred, and to make provision for the gratuitons education of a certain number of SO5 of officers killed in the country's service; and in doing so they would be reverting to the original purr pose for which Sandhurst College was established. As, Iowever, the college was supported by payments msde by students for their education, the funds would be insufficient to provide for the gratuitious education of other students, and therefore it would be necessary for Parliament to make some provision for the purpose. (Hear.) With respect to the recommendation alluded to by the hon. and gallant 3 member for Portarington (Colonel Danne), all he could say sw that t ue subject was receiving the consideration of the Government. SUFFRAGAN BISHOPS. i h Marquis of BLAN,DFOED felt the justice of the remarks whichhad been maade respecting the impropriety, of discussing a variety of subjects upon the motion for tfrs adjoulmnent of the House; but the subject upon which he wished toput a queston to the noble lord at the head of the Government was so important that .he hoped, the Hlouse would allow Iiin to make a very few observations upon it. In the first place, questions lile that which he was about to put were sometimes assumed to convey some insinuaticns prejudicial to the persons referred to in those questions. He assured the House that such was not the case upon the present occasion. No one entertained a deeper reverence or regard for the right rev. prelates than himself, but his question was rendered necessary in consequence of infirmities over which those reverend personages had no control. lIe could conceive no position more distressing than for a right reverend prelate, who fuUy recognized the high and responsible character of his duties to find a large accumulation of important busi. ness pressing upon him and demanding his supervision, to which, however, from physical causes he was not able to bestow that attention which its importance required. He (theMarquis of Blandford) thought he was ranging himself on the side of those right reverend personages in patting hLis question, and that nothing wouald afford them more gratification thanto hear, as he trusted he should hear, from the noble lord that the subject had received, and wonld still receive the earnest consideration of the C-overnment. He need not allude to the importance of maintaining the love of the episcopacy in this country, but he wouald put it to the Government whether, if it could be shown that during lengthened periods certain dioceses were left vithout any direct episcopal supervision, that was not a state of things calculated to create a doubt as to the value of the episcopacy as an institution, and, perhaps, even to bring it into contempt; and if so, was iG not the duty of the Government to take steps to prevent any misconception arising as to the necessity of the episcopacy? At present whenaver such occasions arose as thosehereferred to, a colonial bishop was called in to do the duties of the diocess, or a neighbouring bishop took upon himself those duties in addition to the burden of his own diocess, and sometimes the archdeacons were intrusted with the performance of certain episcopal duties, such as visitation; but there were other and most important duties which archdeacons couild not perform. He would only add that the act of Henry VIIL, although a sleeping one, appeared to'be one that would meet the present cmergency. That act enabled a bishop, wiho required the assistance, to nominate two persons, of whom the Crown selected one for consecration by the archbishop. Such person might hold two benefices and perform all the duties attaching to them, in addition to those which might be delegated to him by tho bishop who appointed him. That appeared to meet any difficulty as to endowmaent; but, even if the difficulty rem.ained, he could not doubt that the right reverend prelate wllo required assistance would willingly contribute a portion of his episcopal incomne for that purpose. He begged to ask. t le First Lord of the Treasury whether, in consequence of the state of health of several of the prelates of the church, who were unhappily disabled from attending totheir dioceses, it was the intention of the Government to take any steps to put in force the powers of the act 26th of Henry VII1., chap. 14, "For the Nomination and Consecration of Suffragans within this Reahn; or, if not, whether thS subject wjs still one which had occupied the attention of Her Majesty's Government wvith a view to providing a suitable remedy ? Mr. HADFIELID, before the question was answered, begged to state his sympathy with tho noble lord for the loss of the services of certain bishops. (A laugh.) It was a serious matter, and he said it with a sober countenance, he regretted that ill health had caused those deprivations; but there were other causes which interfered with the perform ance of their duties by the bishops. He was sure the country from one end to the other would echo his suggestion, that those riglit reverend prelates should be relieved from their Parliamentary duties. Their presence in anotherplace was one of the most painful circumstances connected with his Parliamentary duties. (Laughter.) He could not tell of what use the bishops w ere in the other house, for he was sure that there never was a measure connected with the freedom and the welfare of the country which they had not opposed. (" Oh !") He felt confident that if he were allowved to poll the mem- bers of the established church of this conntry a vast majority' would join with him in soliciting that the bishops should be relieved froml the necessity of takino their seats in the Legislature; lie therefore wishled to asl; the noble lord, as a supplemental question, wvhether it was his intention to* elieve the hishopi from attending in another place-9 (Laughter.) Sir J. PAKiINGTON wished in one word to exrpress his earnest hope that the noble lord would take into his serious consideration the subject which had been mentioned by his noble friend (the Marquis of Blandford). He believed there prevailed a general feeling that the interests of the est:blished church wvere materially injured by the frequent inability of right rev, prelates from age and infirmity to discharge their episcopal duties; and he hoped that as the appointmenlt of Indian and colonial bishops afforded a good precedent, the noble lord would turn his attention to this matter, belietiar, as he did, that that urecedent might he well applied to the case of the bishaops in lEngland. Mr. 0. STANLEY said th.at, being in some way connected with the subject w hich the noble marquis had brou"ht before the House, he begged to offer one or twvo remar'is. HRe thanked the noble lord for having introduced the question, but he would take the liberty of observing that the appointment of suifragan bishops under the act of Henry VTI. wrould not mleet the case to which the noble lard mere p.articularly alluded. The act of Henry VSII. could only he put in farce at the request. of the bishop himself. No doubt, most hon. members had read wvith great regret a correspondence published in one of the pub'lic papers of great circulation in this country. fle w-as sure it must he a feeling shared in by all in that house that it wvas a most lamentable thing for the church that such a correspondence should have been made public. (Hear, hear.) he would take that opportunity of assuring hon. members, both in that house and elsewvhere, that that correspondence w as published at the request of the bishop, and therefore. it aught ha fairly alluded to. HIe knewt not whether he had better at the present mom ent repeat a portion of that correspondence. (Cries of " No, no !") HEe would-not do so; hut he would s..y this, that be had taken all the means in his powier with the right rev, prelate himnself, and through his relatives, to remedy a state of things which ought to be remedied. It w.as lamnentable to k.now that any right rev. prelte oul soforget himself, and forget his high position, as to se uchlanguage as had been addressed by Isini to a clergyman who thought it w as his duty to get amore efficient. performance of the services of the church. It appeared, therefore, to him to be incumnbent on the higher memnbers of thwe church and of the First Mfinister of the ~Crowss to take some means to prevent a recurrence of these proceedings; forunless some remedy were applied a great injury must ensue to the church itself. He, therefore, begged to ask the noble lord not to put the act of Hlenry V-IIL in force. but to give his attention with a viewv to provide for .a case where, from a,,e and infirmity-for he (Mrs. 0. Stanley) knew that it was only fromi age, and from the infirmity of a mind once of the highlest order, I-a man, -who was eminent for his virtues and his abilities, should unfortunately he so lost as to conme under the censure 4f his friends. Hie hloped the noble lord would give the Hfouse som~e assurance that means would be taken to prevent any similar occurrence. M hr. WIGRAMI said that this subject had enghaged thle attention of the Chapter Commissioners, and they had recoinmended a rem edy, which was that of appointin g suffragan bishops in cases w^here bishops were imnable, by age and infirmity, to discharge their epniscopal functions. He cosncurred entirely with the noble lord wvith respect to the importance of the subject, and be hloped Her lutajesty's Government would pay attention to the recommendation of the CShapter Commissioners. j Lord PXLMIISTON.-The subjectito which the noble ordhas caledtheGattention of the House is one of very great importance, and one-which jurstly desezves serious conhideration. I can assure the noble lord that it has not eosaped the attention of Her Majesty's Governdment. (iear, hear.) It is a Inatter which is now and has been under the consideration of HenverMajesty at Go ermnt- but, at the same time, I am sure the noble lord and thy House will see that it is a subject beset weith manmy difficulties, and is nob one on which a hasty or premature decision can be hell arrived at. But it has, I repeat, enga^ged the attention of Her Majesty's Government, and we shall endeavour to find a remedy for the grievance to which the noble lord has alluded. With reference to the supplemental question (laughter), which hasvbeen put to me by my lon, friend the member for Sheffield, I must say that I do not at all concr in the opinion he has ebpressed that the bishops are out of their place in taking their seats in the other House of Pariament and I beg to in£orm my hon. friend that it is not the intention of Hlier Mljesty's Government to make any chane in thatzespect. (Laughtet) I hope no hon. gentleman woill put any further questions to me, at least npon this subae~ inectauienabn, tigentlem hencmustreclletht thllat whren ject, be-cause hon, gentleme-n must rcDe htwe questions are put to any hon. member, and he has once answered them, he cannot speak again on the same subject. I hope, therefore, if any other questions are put, they will be upon some othersubject. (Laughter.) THE LATE SIP. EDWARD TIERNEY. Mir. NAPIERI asked the Chief Secretary for Ireland, whether it was the intention of his excellency to appoint one or more su3cessors to the late Sir Edward Tierney, and on what principle the new appointment w-astobe made, and what increase or reduction of salary was contemplated? CRIME AND OUITRGE (HIELAbND) ACT. Mr. BUTT said, that before the right hon. gentleman answered the question of his hon. and learned friend (Mr. Napier) he wished to put to him another upon a subject of some monmentto the peace of Ireland. The right hon. gentleman was aware that the act known as the Crime and Outrage Act would cease to be in force on the 1st of July. He was also aware that all the provisions of lav to regulate the possession of arms in Ireland were now embodied in that -a%ct, and would expire with it. It would be very dangerous to leave the Executive without any power of controlling the possession of arms in districts where crime might unhappily prevaiL For the last few yeas a bil had been annually I brought in renewing the Crime and Outrage Act from year to year, but it had been invariably brought in at the very close of the session, when it was impossible to discuss ormodify detaiLs, and when those who 3ught not wish to continue many of the provisions of that measUre were left no choice but either to vote for its renewal as a - whole, or to take the responsibility of leaving the Government without any control over the possession of arms. LIst year the act had only been renewed to the 1st of July,- with the view that this year there might be early and- satisfactory legislation, with full oportunity of discussion.- In former. years he (Mr. Butt) had felt it his duty to call the earnest attention of the Irish Govermuent to the danger of permitting ill regulations in relation to arms to expire. He hoped-it' ws not necessary to do so now. He felt sure the right hon. gentleman was not disposed to repeat the Qxperimnt -of 1546, and attempt to govern Ireland without tae power, if I necessary, of imposing some checkapn x the acquistion or anuS by the ill-disposed. BEt zs e period was so near , hen the act would expire, and no step3 had been taken by I ; Government, he begged to ask the right hon. gentleman , Xas intended to introduce any measure vith referenca t tEe j,; proaching expiration of that act ? | Mr AERSMAN said, in answer to the question of the right ioev, and learned gentleman (Mr. Napier), he had to state thesubject as to a renewal of an appointment to the siteianu Telxesttly held by the late Sir Edv,ar Tierney was at pzasentlmlerx the conideration of the Government of Ireland. Inrply to the gcjstion of the hon. and learned gentleman *lie member f&rl oughal, he begged to say it was not the intertion ofthe Go'vernment to bring in any bill for the contirnution of the 0xine .nd Outrage Act of last year; but to propose an amess&ed act to continue all the important parts of the present law,. bltt to leave out some of its provisions. That billwasnaready to beintrodiced. THE ILLJA2IONS. Mr. T. D]UNCOMBE wished to ask the Secretary of Stats fortheRomeDepartment a question eonnected withthe celebration of Her Majesty's birthday. An impression pre. vailed, which he knew was erroneous, that the Government had given orders for a general illumination. The Government possessed no such power; but it was supposed that unless the illumination was general interested persons would go about breaking windows on that occasion. He wished to know whether persons who did not think proper to Muminate would receive that protection of their property to which they were entitled? It should be recollected that another mode of rejoicing was afforded by the firework, in the parks, to witness which persons would desire to leave their houses, and their houses -would be to a certain degree unprotected. Those houses might not be illuminated, and it would be a great disappointment to the owners if, when they came home, they found their houses broken open, and perhaps an illumination of a totally different nature from what they expected going on. (A laugh.) The assurance 'which the public required was, that the Government had not given such orders, that the Queen's birthday would be observed in the usual manner, that all the public offices would be illuminate as well as the houses of some private parsons, and that, as far as the police could give protection, protection would be afforded to persons and property as on all other occasions. (Hear.) Sir G. GREYhadnottheslightesthesitation in saying that the Government had given no orders for a general illumina tion, and they had no power to do so. He had already given that answer to severalpersons who had -written to him, andit was pretty generally understood that it would be left entirely to private individuals whether to illuminate or not. It was neither wished nor expected that there should be a general illumination, in tho sense of an illumination, of the houses of all private persons. (Hear, hear.) He could only assure his hon. friend that it would be the duty of the police to give aU the protection in their power to private property, and to prevent injury as far as they could, and he hoped, from the aumusement of the fireworks, that the great bulk of the people would be less disposed than usual to commit any injury upon property. (Hear, hear.) DR. SOUTHWOOD SMTHE Mlr. ROEBBUCK said, it was understood some time last year that, instead of Dr. Southwood Smith receiving 1,2001. compensation for the loss of his office, he should receive 3001. a-year nension. Under the head of civil contingencies there wvas a charge of 300L to Dr. Suiith, and he wished to know whether that was part of the pension? Mr. WILSOII said, it was originally intended not to give a pension to Dr. Smith, but, upon the case being again bronght before the Government, it was finally decided that Parhanlent should he asked to grant a pension of 300&. a- year. There was no provision for the pavment of it last year. It was thouglht hard to make Dr. Smith go mithout it another year, and the 3001. paid out of ciil contingencies was by way of advance. HOSTIL,MES IN CENTRAL AMERICA. Lord J. RUSSELL said that, as it was impossible for his noble friend to speak again, he would defer until Monday a question he wished to put to him. Its purport was to inquire as to the authenticity of aletter signed" E. HIammond," with respect to furnishing arms to the Government of Costa Rica, and to ask whether, by furnishing arms, the Governmiient intended to take any part in the hostilities between Costa Rica and Nicaragua ? (Hear.) The motion for the adjournment of the House was then agreed to. THE1 OATH OF ABJURATION BILL. On the motion of Mr. Ginsox, the House went into committee on this bilL Upon clause 1, Sir F. THESIGERl moved the ornission of the words, "and the assurances," stating that it was one of a series of amendments, aU connected together, which he wished to be thoroughly understood. The rimht hon. member for Mannchester in introducing this bill argued, with considerable force and great clearness, upon the absurdity, if not irreverence, of requiring solemn declarations against claims and persons no longer in existence; and he asked assent to the measure principaUy because part of the oath of abjuration had become entirely obsolete. Those who opposed the bill did not question the propriety of alteration in that particular, and if that were the only object of tho right hon. gentlemnan nothing could be easier than to erase all those words of the oath to which the objection applied. But the right hon. gentleman'did not attempt to conceal that he desiaed to introduce the Jews iuto Parliament, and he stated in distinct terms that the impediment was the retaining in the oath the mark of its Christian character. It was not desirable that tbe House should be caUled on to discuss the principle of a bill by the passing of which an ulterior and indirect consequence would be obtained. The onlyprinciple of this bill was to get rid entirely of the oath of abjuration. The right hon. gentleman k;new perfectly wel it was the only oath which recognized the Protestant succession as established by the Act of Settlement, and yet he proposed to aweeD away that oath from the statute-book. No donbt many hon. members had voted for the bil because they anticipated that in committee it might be moulded according to their views. This, however, it must be admitted was an inconvenient and unsatisfactory mode of legislation, and he could not understond how hon. members could vote forthe second reading of abiM without regard to its principle, but having ulterior views as to the objects which might be gained in committee. Hisright hon. friend (Mr. Disraeli) who differed-from the great majoriy of his partyon this question (hear), intimatedhisintentiontopropose certain amnendments in committee, his object being to distinguish between the abrogation of that part of the oath to whicl, objection was taken on the ground that it was obs6lete, from that more important question which referred to the admission of the Jews on the v.-ords, " on the true faith of a Christian." He feared that thatintimation on the part of his riglht hon. friend lost him (Sir F. Thesi.er) some votes on the second reading. (Hear, hear.) His righthon. fiend had been as good as his word, and hadproposed to introduce words in committee which would have the effect of leaving the oath in its integrity, and which at the same time raised distinctly and clearly for the consideration of the committee, whether they would get rid of these words,. "on the true faith of a Christian," and thus relax the oath so as to admit the Jews into Parliament. Thenoble lord (LordJ. RusseUl) Nho, ontliis occasion, condescended to act as nuder workmlan to the right hon. gentleman (Mr. M. Gibson), had proposed to make an alteration in the oath which amounted to a recognition of the Protestant settlement as it was left by theAct of Settlement ; but, by getting rid of all the rest of the oath of abjuration, the effect of the noble lord's alteration would be, not directly and expressly, but indirectly to introduce the Jews into PaTliament. The noble lord, who had generally acted with nobleness and candour on this question, had usuaUy made it a distinct question whether the Jews should be or should not be admitted to Parliament. Undoubtedly that was the fair and straightforward manner of dealing with this most important question. (Hear.) He should infinitely prefer to the noble lord's proposal the words proposed to be adopted by his right hon. friend (1117r. Disraeli). but the committee would first be called upon to decide whether or not they would adopt the aMendments which he (Sir F. Thesiger) proposed, the effect of which would be to accomplish all that the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Gibson) professed to have in view as the reason for introducingthisbill, although hesaaidtheywouldbavc an ulterior effect, and would preserve the oath, getting rid, however, of those objectionable parts of it which hon. members on the opposition side of the House desired to have removed from the oath. Ho proposed that the oath should be administered with the omission of the words, " with respect to the Pretender and his descendants;" and that then the oath should be administered as it had remained for 150 years. The ulterior course he should take would depend upon the shape in -which the bill might emerge from the committee. Mlr. GIBSON understood the hon. and learned gentleman to vish the committee to considertheeffectof alihisaamendments upon the issue now raised. The hon. and learned gentlemen proposed to omit from the oath of abjuration all the abjuratiorL Everything to beabjuredwas to be omitted, and yet members were to continue to take the oath of abjuration. The hon. and learnedlgentleman must surely giveit a new title, for it would be monstrous, having omitted all the abjuration part of the oath, to continue to call it still the Oath of Abjuration. Hehad adopted the course tak-en in preceding nets, for, whenever a single word of the oath had been altered, the custom had been to repeal the oath altogether, and enact a new oath, which the act said should be taken in lien of the oath that had been repealed. He himself was prepared to do without any oath of abjuration for he believed that the constitution and the Protestant succession tothe throne wouldbe quite assafeas they were at present; but at the same time, in order to remove soine objectionswhich existedtothe bill, hewas readyto agree that the oath of which the noblelord the member forLondon bad given notice should be substituted for the oathofabjuration. As tothe admission of Jews to Parliamnent, that question didnot aise out ofthepresentbilL All thatthepresent bill did was to abolish an oathwhich was unnecessaryand superftuous, and if any member had any motion to make for the exclusion of Jews it would be competent for him to bring it forward. As far as he ws concerned, he wasa?repared to remove the obstacle against the admiqsion o Jews to Parliament upon other grounds, but his object at present vas only to do away tan bsurd and superfluous oath. For those reasons he felt compelled to oppose the amendmend of the hon. and learned gentleman. The amendmuent was then negatived without a division, nd the clause agreed to. - Lord J. RUSSELL then rose to move the clause of which he had given notice. It was, he thought, an absurd thing to retain an oath of abjurationswhen there was no personto abjure, but at the same time it was desirable to have a positive clause containing an oath securing the Protestant successoz to the throne, Ina th@ Pomaa Catholic oath there was a clause affirming the Protaltant sacoession to the throne and it would be inconsistent not to cal£ Upon Protestants to take a nmilar oath. He should therefore move- " Thatin lieu of the oath of abjuration and ofthe assuranco set forth and prescribed by the said recited act or any other act the following oath shall be substituted, which shall be. entitled 'An oath for securing the Protestaut succesdom to the Crown as by law established,' and shall be in the words following, that is to say:- "'I, A.B., do faithfuly promise to maintain, supporD, an defend, to the utmost of my power, the succession o£ the Crown, which succession, by an act entitled 'An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and bettersecrIng the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands linjited to the Princess So phia, lectress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants. 'S% help me Go&.' " And every statutory enactment now in force with respeetto the oath of abjuration or the assurance heribr abolished shall henceforth apply to the oath hereby aubsstituted, in the same manner as if such last-mentioned oathx had been expressly mentioned or reerred to in and by such 2tatutory enactments, instead of the oath of abjuration andl ad the assurance hereby abolished. "Every Person permitted bv the said act of his late MA. jesty King rilliam FV. to make his affiration instead 'oE the ruth of abVration and assurance shall, in lieu of the oath lereby siubsituted, and of the affirmation contained-imi the leAt-mentionedl act, make his solemn affrmation in the following words, that is to say:- I "' A.B., being one of the people called Qakers [or oei. of the rersuasion of the peope called Quakers, or of the United Brethren called Monvians as the case may bel, do solemnly promise that I wial bo true and faithful to the succession of the Crown, which 5uccession, by mx act, entitled, ' An Act for the further Limitation of tbe Crow,. and the better securing of the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and tlebieirs of her body, being Protestats."t Mr. NAPIER vwas sorry he could not support the aunse brought forward by the noble lora, who appeared to bisn to have embarrassed this question very considerably by' the new form of oath which he proposed. MIany persons would be willing to support a modernized oath which should omit anyreference to the Pretender, while theywouldnot be willing to omit the words "on the true faith of a Christian." The noble lord, however, by the course he w-4s taking compelled those who agreed with his claus on one point to oppose it on another ground. le (Mr. Na pier) objected to this mixing up of two questions which ought to be dealt with separately and decided upon distinct issues. Mr. ROEBUCK observed that the words " on the true faith of a Christian" did not occur in the oath of alegianoe, -which was surely of equal importance with the oath 6E abjuration. But the fact was that from beginning to eird the whole thing was a sham. (Hear.) For centuries they had gone on taking this oath, but could they exclude infidels by the use of these words? Could they exclude Bolimgbroke and Gibbon by any oath which could be imposed on them? The words "on theotrue faith of a Christian' were, in point of fact, only intended as words of exclusion, and hon. members opposite were practising a sham npom this House, and upon the nation, by pretending a Vast consideration for Christian feelings when tbey were really manifesting throughout the most un-Christian sentiments in seeking to exclude their fellow-sabjects from this house. (Hear.) Mr. NEWDEGATE declared that their sole object was not to practise but prevent imposition. They had seen -j, proposal made to strike out ofthe oath of abjuration words -which he conceived to be of the highest importance, and, is representatives of a Christian nation, he and others 'wera there to resist that attempt, and to exclude from this house those who were not Christians. Mr. ROEBUCK could not understand how the opponenats of the clause could think it necessary to insert words in tlie oath of abjum3tion which were not iuntho oath of allegiacee_ Re, however, declared their real object was to keep out the Jewrs. (" R[ear, hear," from the Opposition.) Tien, why did they Lot say so? Row could they exclude men 'who were careless about oaths? Ef he were a Jew he would take the oatl,,'and, after repeating the words " on-the fiup faith of a Christian," he would add that those words had ifca' binding effect npon him, and the House could do nothing to prevent his takling his seat, having taklen the oath as preseribed by the law. lMr. E. DRUMlMTIONlD could not help believing therm was a great deal of sham upon this cnestion. It was well knownthatthe words so much talked about seecured as mnucl as it was possible to secure the fidelity of those who were expected to be unfaithful without them. lle wished the nobla lord, having touched 'upon this question, to consider another branch of it-the Royal Marriage Act, which interfered most imoproperly withthe rights of the}loyal family, and which -was passed at the instance of George IIL to spite his tw;o brothers. UTpon this clause, he would onlly add that, if they -were to have a Jew question let it be raised fairly sa distinctly, and not in the present indirect manner. r Sir F. THESIGER-said, he'anad his friends had alwap expressed their anxiety that the question should be fairly and distnctly raised, and his object,ion to the course of thb noble lord was, that it did not raise the question distinctly' whether Jew;rs should be permitted tos sit in Parliament, while at the same time it indirectlv L-i?'ected that object. (Hear.) 'With respect to the stateaent eo. the hon. and learned member for Sheffield (Mr. Roebuck), ihat, were he a Jew, he would ta ke the words and deny their effect 'upo'r him, he (Sir F. Thesiger) admitted that.they could not e chude men 'who were insincere, but it such man too; ti oaths the blame for so doing woulM rest non themselveF They could not raise barriers against immoral menwho I-would break down or overleapall such obstructions. (Rear.J He would, however, undertake that the question whether it was expedient to allow Jews to sit in Par-liament should be raised distinctly at a future stTa of the bilL At present he would only 45serve tha, while he admitted the words "on the true faith of :a Christian" were not originally introduced into the oath to, exclude the Jews from Parliament, it must be remenibered that those words -were deliberately retained in 1701, and thus stampedthe Christian character of our constitutioih and Parliament. Mr. ROEBUCK begged the committee to bear in minA the admission of the hon. and learned gentleman that lie could not raise barriers to the admission of immoral meu, thus implying that he intended to exclude only moral or conscientious men. Mr. C. FORTESCUE preferred the course adopted by the noble lord on the present occasion to that which he followed in 1849, as he considered it preferable to have one oath-which all classes of members could take. : Lord PALYdIERSTON.-With regard to the motion df my noble friend I shaU give it my cordial support, not that I thinli the omission of any mention of the Act of Settliment in the oaths taken at this table could have the slightest effect in impairing the force of that law. because the Act of Settlement rests on a foundation much stronger than any oath takfen in this house; nevertheless, as we have hithertoacknowledgedtheActof Settlemeutintheoathstazkm by us, I think it fitting that that acknowledgment shoulil continue as part of our engagement at this table. WlVtas regard to the objection which has been urged, that this is indirectly removing an obstacle which prevents Jews front sitting in this house, I say that obstacle only indirectly ans1 unintentionally accomplished that purpoze. It was not at all put in for the purpose of excluding Jews; therefore in. removing that obstacle we are in no way running count6r to the original intention of Parliament in adding those words to the oaths. (Hear, hear.) But if it is necessary to add to the solemnity of an oath by words declaring that the person taking it took it upon the true faith of a Christian; if 'it is n1ecessary, in order to add to the bindimg force of tle oath, to adopt those words,why are not those words added to, other oaths (cheers)-why not to the oath of zllegiance, which is undoubtedly a much more important oath than that to which these words are now appended? (Cheers.) JI therefore am quite prepared to agree to the amendment of my noble friend. I concur in the removal of those words 'which interpose an impediment to that which I think is a matter of principle in modern times-namely, that Jews elected to Parliament should be admissible ~and -ab1a to take their seats in this house. So far, therefore from feeling any objection to the bill from the circumstance of its omitting words which will enable Jews to sit in this house, that is, among other reasons, a strongrecommendation to my regard of this measure. Those who agree with the hon. and learned gentleman msy very easily bring ter question under the separate and deliberate consideratiorL of the House by proposing to insert these words in a future stage of the bilL They might make a distinpt proposal to insert the words for the express purpose of cexeluding Jew;s from Parliament, and then tak;e the decision of the Rouse 'upon that question. (Iear, hear.) For the reasons I have stated I 'with great cordiality give 3nmy support to the motion. Mr.WIGRAM said, he was opposed to the amendme4t of his noble friend, but he did not wish to prolong the dis-. cission, because, as he understood, the hon. and learned gentleman (Sir . Thesiger) had given a pledge to the Rouse totakethatverycourse 'which the noble lord hs suggested, as the most convenient for the purpose of givng. theRouse an opportuiity to come to a positive vote upona the question. Mr. lNAPI ER lunderstood that his hon. a'ud leasned friesad the member for Stamford proposed to take the discussio& on the third reading. Re thought that would be the better course to pursue. The clauses -were then agreed to and added to tho bilhl The preamble of the bill was then agreed to, and the Rouse resumed. POLICE (COUNTIES AND BOROUGHS) BLML.' On the consideration of the report, Sir G. GREY moved, that a clause be added, enacting that the provisions of the bill relating to borough police should be applicable to the police in the plaes referred ta in the act 1d and 4th of Yictoria, chap.88, sect. 20, unti discontinued. The clause was agreea to and adaed to the bill. The clause was added to the bi3L Sir G. GPREY then moved the addition of another clauw. providing that separate police in places of a population eE la,000 shall not be superseded -without the authority oE the Secretary of State, wlhich was also agreed to. Sir H. STRACEY thought it a very hard case thtt aehief constable, after having given to the public his best energiee during the vigour of his life, should be left to 'the chaneA mercies of the ratepayers when he wag overtaken by age, sicness, or infirnirity. He moved a claue proTiAing- a, superannuationt allowsuoe, payable by the CormxiEers'off the Treasury out of the means provided by Parliament for the purpose. The hona. mnember also moved a aprate clawes ezemptinz horses anld carriages aweqeired for, and actual used in, the police force from asseaied taxes. .. : The CRACLLOP. of th6e13XCKEQEB. sa thatih propo:al to exempt the horses and c of police inspectorsat fint sight seemed fairandeq Tit Thehorse E officers inthe cavalryandhorse artillerywer exemptasbqilz in the Queen's service, and so were the hos of oEiotrct
LONDON, SATURDAY, MIAY 24, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord RAVENSWORTH, in calling attention to the proposed new approaches to St. James's Park, suggested that while they are being carried into effect some improvement should be made in the exterior and interior of St. James's Palace. At present it was unsightly without, and most inconvenient within; the number of those who now attended the levees and drawing-rooms had outgrown the ac. commodation, while an undue proportion of space was occupied by the courtyards. At no great cost an alteration might be made that would adapt the Palace for these public receptions. He also suggested that a companion statue to CHnA-TEy's GostrGE IV. should be placed onthe vacant pedestal in Trafalgar-square; and that the statue of the Duke of X-r, in Portland-place, should be removed to the court of Buckingham House. Lastly, he hoped that some better place would be found for the pictures bequeathed by TunsEB to the nation than the cellars of the National Gallery, where they were whoLy lost to the public. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE regretted that these works of art had for some years been in the worst possible receptacle for pictures-namely, the Court of Chancery. BPut now they were the property of the nation he hoped steps would be taken to render them accessible to the public. A discussion of some length followed on the Park approaches, the new Houses of Parliament, London statues, and the necessity of concentrating the public offices in one range of building. LFord ST. LEEOARD's condemned the practice of rentingsplendid mansions in St. James's-square for public boards and commissions, for which humbler houses would suffice; and. urged the Government to settle its unseemly dispute with Sir CHARLES BAnRy without delay. The Marquis of LASDOWANE hoped that the whole question of erecting a large range of building for public offices would ere long be considered bya committee. Earl STrANorz regretted that our public buildings and statues are so entirely destitute of suitable inscliptions. The report of the Mlarriage Law Amendment Bill was received. The Oxford University Bill passed through coranmittee. On the motion of Earl STrAN.oPE a select comu inittee to inquire into tbe present system of secondary pinishment was appointed. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the question that the House at its rising do adjourn until MIonday, Mr. F. PEEr,, in reply to Colonel NoiRg, said it was the intention of the Government to carry into effect the recommendation of the Sandhurst Committee with respect to the establishment of the orphan class of cadets at that College. The Marquis of BrANDoRD inquired whether, in consequenceof thestateof health of severalof the prelates of the Church, who are disabled from attending to their dioceses, it is the intention of the Government to take any steps to put in force the powers of the act 26th of HENRy VIII., c. 14, for the nomnination and consecration of suffragans; or, if not, whether the subject is stiU one which has occupied their attention, with a view to providing a suitable remedy. He disclaimed any want of respect to those right rev. personages, at the same time urging the great importance of maintaining the tone of episcopacy in this country, and that the provisions of the act referred to were in many respects suitable to the exigency. MIr. HAnDrED wished to supplement the question by asking whether there was any intention to relieve the bishops from attendance in the House of Lords. Sir J. PA=nGTON expressed hiis hope that Lord P.snRxSToN would take into his serious consideration the subject adverted to by Lord BLAN-FORD. Mr. STAs,sy observed that, as the act of HmN-Ry VIII. could only be put in force at the request of the bishop himself, it would not meet such a case as that in which he had been Particularly concerned, and which had been before the public in a recent correspondence, published, as he said, at the request of the bishop. He asked Lord PAiumisToN to take into his consideration a case where a mind, which had been of the highest order, througlh age and infirmity, had lost control over itself. MIr. WIGRAM concurred with Lord BL4NDFOBD as to the importance of this subject. Lord PAL3umsTOx acknowledged that the subject was one of very great importance, concernmg interests of the hi,ghest order, and assured Lord BLANDFORD that it had not escaped the attention of the Government, the matter being under their consideration. At the same time it was a question not without dificulty, and could not be hastily decided; but it had received, and would receive, the attention of the Government with the view of finding a remedy for the evil. It did not, he added, form part of the intention of the Government to propose any change in respect to the attendance of the bishops in the House of Lords. In answer to Mr. T. DUNCOMBE, Sir G. GREY said the Government had given no order for a general illumination on the 29th inst., and had no power to do so. It would be left entirely to individuals to illuminate or not as they thoug,ht fit, and the police w ould g,ive all the protection in their power. The motion for the adjournment was agreed to. The house then, on the motion of MIr. M. GinSON, went into coimnittee upon the Oath of Abjuration B3il. The first and only material clause, abrogating the Oath of Abjuration and the assurance prescribed in the existing acts, having been agreed to, Lord J. RusssrT moved a clause prescribing, in lieu of the oath and the assurance, " An oath for securing the Protestant succession to the CRoW.V as by la w established," in the following form :-" I, A. B., do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my power, the succession of the CRowV, which succession, by an act entitled 'An act for the further limitation of the CRowN, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject,' is and stands limited to the Princess SoPuiA, ldectress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants. So help me God." This clause gave rise to a short discussion, but was ultimately agreed to without a division, as well as a clause prescribing an affirmation in a similar form for Quakers and MIoravians. The bill was with these amendments ordered to be reported. On a consideration of the report upon the Police (Counties and Boroughs) Bill, various additional clauses and amendments, deferred by the committee, underwent discussion, and the bill was appointed to be read a tlird time. The Annuities (No. 2) Bill was read a second time. On the motion of Mr. BovnERs, the order for the second reading of the Poor Law Amendment Bill was discharged, after some conversation, and he obtained leave to introduce a new and amended bill. The House then went into committee upon the Grand Jury Assessments (Ireland) Bill, the clauses of 'which, after considerable debate, were agreed to. The Fire Tnsurances Bill was read a third time and passed. The remaining business having been disposed of, the House adjourned at half-past 1 o'clock until Monday. -
Lord DERBY may be considered the most fortunate or the most ingenious of orators, when we take into account the very rare and apparently unique character of the topic that shows him most to advantage. His present speciality, indeed, is one that he has taken up from others, for it was not at once that he discovered his line. Every now and then, as our readers are painfully aware, the British sun sets for ever. After a last, positively the very last performance of this kind, on the eve of a departure, not to the provinces, or to the States, or to Rio Jaueiro, but to the region of history, to the world of the dead, and PLUTO'S dark realas, the British sun, we are bound to say, ought not, in self-respect, to show itself again. But at Lord DERBY's bidding it turns out again in all its beams, and in the identical robe of pink taffeta in which it presented itself to FATsTAFV's vinous imagination. At least once in five years Lord DERBY is able to reproduce this striking phenomenon, under the most different circumstances, and, of course, with varied effects. The sun of England set recently in the murky horizon of free trade. It set the next time, with a nautical effect, in a fleet of foreign ships, deeply laden, from all parts of the world. On Thursday night the old "property," it would seem, had been found in a heap of illumination transparencies, and Lord DERBY showed it off on a topic which it takles a little stiff thinking to associate with the absolute ruin of the British empire. It is impossible to express the thing in shorter or simpler terms, and therefore we must say at once, that we have finally and irrecoverably renounced our place among nations, and taken up one somewhere between Naples and Modena, entirely through having admitted the fatal maxim that "free ships make free goods." Start not, gentle reader, or fair reader, as the case may be; it is Lord DERBY who says it, and you must go to him for the interpretation. Lords CiLAP&woN and COwwEY have relinquished this Palladiuim, and left our ark in the hands of the Philistines. HIn MAJEsTes M1finisters have acquiesced in the guilty surrender. The House of Commons has consented in silence, and now the House of Lords has caught the soft infection. Lord DERBY, indeed, has mustered a band of true Englishmen, who would register a vote against the crime, even at the loss or delay of their dinners. Fortunately, too, there is a never-ending supply of legislative innocents, wvho can come to Lord DErBy's aid with a real enthusiasm, and whose faith his Lordship himiself must envy, as he pats them on the back, and predicts they will be ornaments of the House and the country. Lord CARNARVON was the peer of tender years protruded on this occasion. His Lordship was born the very day the second Reform Bill was brought into the Commons, and weaned about the time the third bill becamne the law of the land. He is now in L-ord DERBes arms, and, as his Lordship assures us, is a very promiusing child. Lord DERBYe himself being not -wholly destitute of statesmanlike qualities, or quite ignorant of constituti.onal law, had a difficult game to play, for, either tacitly or expressly, he had to admit everything, and make his fight on what was left. He could not say that the right in. question, the seizure of enemy's goods in neutrals' vessels, was undisputed; he could not denythat it had been waived in behalfof almost every maritime State; he could not say but whatit might bealwaysnecessaytowaive it;he could not deny that it had plunged us into the greatest difficulties, had been constantly evaded, could not possibly be enforced, would be a most formidable engine against us in the hands of a maritime foe, and had, as a matter of necessity, been most solemnly waived in the war now happily ended. He could not, without the greatest inconvenience,have alluded to the very altered circumstances under which the right would now have to be enforced, and, worse than all, he could not even assent to the doctrine literally stated in the resolutions, that the Plenipotentiaries and the British Government had been guilty of an v7wonstitdtional act. Vague as that word is, and much as Lord DERBY himself has contributed to amplify its force, he yet shrank from the statement that HER MA.jEsTy could not make a public declaration having the force of international law except in the form of a treaty. These are some of the difficulties Lord DERBY had to contend with. It is said, however, by a certain class of lawyers that they never speak so well as when it is right against their own convictions, for then they know the worst, and can't be taken by surprise. The declaration was the surrender of an alleged right which certain States had resisted and British Alinisters had maintained. The right was a proud one; the States that resisted it were also proud, and unfriendly; the MIinisters who maintained it were great men in their day, and thought the right necessary to our maritime power. Therewas text enough for Lord DERBY. What more could he desire ? It was a base surrender. We had followed in the wake of France; we had conceded to Russia what she had been pining for a whole century; we had confessed a weak apprehension of America; at the same time by confining the benefit of the declaration to those States that adopted the whole we had insulted America even while we yielded to her. PiTr 'was a great man; so was CAiNNmG, SO was Lord 31MNSIEL,D, and some others; and Lord DERBY had no wish to be a greater man than they were. What if we had been obliged to maintain the doctrine single-handed against all mankind ? We had done so before, and Lord DnRBY had no objection to see us doing so again. Infact, hethought it rather a creditable position than otherwise, as a man could neverbe sure he was quite right except when he -was the only person holding that opinion in the whole world. Such were the topics of Lord DERBY's speech, adorned, indeed, with an occasional hit at the Duke of A:aGYLt and some old quotations, bat substantially all spun out of the smallest possible material-the thesis, that is to say, we have stated above. All this, of course, is very amusing, quite as pretty as the fireworks we are to see next week, which we only hope will go off as brilliantly. But, in sober earnest, it does deserve some consideration whether it is patriotic, after the performance of a great national act, to rise up in Parliament and give it the blackest possible colour. Why is it to be proclaimed to all the world that a declaration which they might possibly think- miade in the cause of common humanity is merely a base piece of truckling to this Power or that? It has been made deliberately enough. The British public and all the world have been prepared for it by Orders in Council issued two years ago, and Lord DERBY himself does not venture to say with what grace we could have resumed the exercise of the right, after those Orders, except umder the fell necessities of retaliation. Sir WnLiAr MoLEsworTH, though of a Radical school, 'was a member of HEu AIm&srTr's Government when he advocated the policy now carried out, in a speech which is cited as containing the whole of the case. But the truth of the matter,-and nobody knows it better than Lord DEBBY himself,-is that the alleged right of stopping every vessel on the surface of the ocean, examining her papers and her cargo, and, if necessary, carrying her to port for the purpose, is now absolutely impracticable. Great as we are, we cannot do it. We must carry on the war by more direct and appropriate methods, against the enemy himself and on his own coasts. A merciful thing it is that war should be confined to one territory, to one shore, to one foe, instead of spreading by a natural contagion over the whole world. PRovIDENCE itself has dictated and compelled the surrender. What we had to do, to take Lord DmnBY's own division, related rather to the manner than to the substance. We had to surrender an impossible and mischievous pretension as cheerfully and gracefully as we could. For those who are not perfectly good and wise, to begin with, resignation is the next best thing, and is a respectable virtue. That is all the merit we claim for HER M&JsTr'S Ministers on this occasion, and we do not think they are ambitious of a grander title. They have had the common sense to see that they cannot maintain the alleged right against the whole world, and that it is better to give it up without more ado. For doing so they deserve the thanks of mankind, and the only result of Lord DnBBY's speech ancd the division, in which he was so signally defeated, is to impart to a sensible act a slight air of difficulty.
As the state of war passes away in the East we shall probably see with clearness much that has hitherto been only dimly descried, or altogether received on hearsay. It is an old tale that Eastern Courts are the centres of intrigue and dissimulation, and we have learnt on sufficient testimony that at Constantinople these traditional qualities still cling to rulers who have adopted a little of European civilization. According to the whispers -which pass from one to another in that capital, the internal complications of the SuTraJs empire are not likely to end so long as two parties are striving for supremacy in the Imperial Councils, and each is looLdng to one of the Western Powers for countenance and support. From foreign aggression Turkey has now nothing to fear. With our blood and treasure we have -wrought a great deliverance from the dangers which threatened her three years since. As far as human judgment can discern, the process of absorption by which Russia was slowly bringing under her sway the provinces of the Danube and the pashalics of Asia is now at an end. The authority of the SuLTAN is recognized in the north and east more fully than at any time during the past century, and united Europe has guaranteed to him a place in the family of Monarchs, and the integrity of his territory, from the Pruth to the Persian Gulf. But, af;er these great events, after the fall of the Russian fortress and the destruction of its menacing Reet, some say that we are about to return to the discussions of 1840, and that before long statesmen will have to decide on a new Syrian question. A great deal has been said lately concerning the disturbances at Wablous, the ancient Samaria, inhabited by a fierce 3fussuhan population, who detest and despise Christians, and have little love for the Turk, betveen whom and the real rab a well known antipathy: exists. The cause of the outbreak is generally supposed to have been the recent concessions made to the Christians by the edict of January last. It was natural to suppose that in this country and in Arabia, where the old Mus- sulmau spirit burns most fiercely, andl bigotry is unaccustomed even to the sight of : Christian community, the news that Franks anm Rayahs were to be the equals of the Faitf should excite the wrath of the people and th6r priests. But it is stated, on authority which ha high claim to credit, that in the Lebanon, in tie plain country of Syria, and the region of the lply cities, other causes have been at -work begdes religious fanaticism. SAD PAsHA, the youlgegt son of Murzxzrr Al, is now on the thrne of Egypt. This man differs widely from hl two predecessors. Neither IsAir nor ASBBs was 3nore than an ordinary Eastern barbarian, sithoug_h the former at one period of his life shcred military abilities which roused the apprelensions of Europe. But SAID appears to have al the ambition and even more than the craft cC his father. He is said to meditate the extension of his authority over the regions which MEHEET ALi coveted, although the judgment of the present ruler and the advice of his councillors convince him that open resistance to the Su=ue's authority would lead to utter ruin. He has thus furnished troops for the war, and seeminglytaken an earnest part in opposing theRussian arms. Whether justly or not, this promptress is construed into a desire to allay all suspicon at Constantinople is well as to create for himself a reputation as a stanch defender of the Mussulnm-n faith. He now, it is said, is carrying out the plans of MzuHsizr AIT, though with more covert policy. We learn that from the beginning of his reign he turned his attention to the Arabian coast, with the intention of establishing Egyptian influence. IJsing those silver weapons which are more powerfulin the East than sword or rifle, he succeeded in procuring the appointment of a partisan as Scheriff of Mecca. Then, alleging that this new dignitary might probably be ill received by the popnlation, he demanded that Egyptian troops should be permitted to occupy the country and uphold the Scheriffs authority. To this artful suggestion the POP:TE returned a prudent negative. How far the charge that SAID PAsnA has excited the fanaticism of the Syrians be well grounded we cannot say; but the suspicion seems to be entertained by the PORTE, and strengthened by the knowledge that in those regions the Egyptian rule has many partisans, who have hitherto not been without encouragement on the part of the ruler of Cairo. It cannot be doubted that if we adopt the maxim of MACHIAVELI, and look for the author of an act in the man to whom it is likely to be profitable, our sBpicions may not mnaturally fall on SAD PAsHA. To the Syrian and the Arab of the present day there are two potentates of high authority. The SuLTAw is the greater, but he is the more distant; his race is disli;ed and hismotives suspected. ThePasha of EGrr is, it is trae, onlyaViceroy, but he is near athand, he has a numerous and wdll appointed army, he has become half an Arab, his zeal is recognized, and the memory oI his former power is not a bitter one. Moreover, his capital is not in the hands of infidel allies. While the SuLTAN reviews Frankish troops, receives Frankish Princes and looks on Franlish dancing, the Egyptian Pasha remains apart in orthodox isolation from such contaminating iniluences. It is quite possible that these rude fanatics, among whom the Christian cannot safely wander without a guard, should begin to look on the Viceroy as one raised up to take the place of an unworthy sovereign; nor is it contray to human nature that a man in the position of SAM should seek to turn this favourable sentiment to his own purposes. From the plains of Syria and the sands of Arabia let us turn to the shores of the Bosphorus. An episode in Turkish politics at the present daymaynot be uninteresting. If what is said be not true, it is no less undoubtedly supposed to be true, and the fact that such political schemes are attributed to Turkish statesmen throws a light on the state of society. FtrAD PAs then, according to Stamboul gossip, is favourable to the designs of SAID. Now, FIJ is a Turk-ish M1inister-an enlightened Pasha-a friend of the Western Powers; it cannot, therefore, be thought that he seriously contemplates a disruption of the Ottoman territory. But FrAD is the political opponent of REDscHmn. Neither of the two has much popularity with his countrymen, but each is supposed to be supported by a diplomatic potentate. PuAD is the French favourite; ReDscnD enjoys the protection of our own Ambassador. But FUAD is not content with M. THOuVEmLES goodwill; he has laboured not unsuccessfully to make himself necessary to his Sovereign. He has encouraged ABDUL IVIEDnD in a course of boundless extravagance; at the moment when Turkey was deepest in difficulty he doubled the SuiTAN's civil list, so that it now amounts to more than a million sterling, and is therefore the largest in Europe. Yet the Court is so profuse that debts constautly accumulate, and the palace now owes about 250,0001. FuAn is likely to keep the SuLrAx, at any cost, well supplied with money, and therefore he does not want friends in the highest quarter. On these two bases of Imperial favour and French support Fu.AD is said to believe that his chance of retaining office rests. French support is likely to be effective chiefly while the occupation of Constantinople by foreign troops continues. After ihat time England or Austria, or even Russia, may assert an equality of influence. Hence it is said that Fuan's policy is to keep Syria in disorder, so that the French troops may be retained for a longer period in the country. The report is,that these disturbances are systematically exaggerated by the Turkish Ministry and by the Levantine press, which gives its allegiance to the same cause. FUAD PASHA acquiesces in the attempts of the Egyptian Viceroy, not from any real wish to serve him, but because he regards him merely as an ambitions man, who may be used as an instrument and then crushed. His objects are place, power, and the perquisites of office, in which he differs from no Pasha with whom the world is acquainted. But his plans for retaining these good things are singular, and, if rightly attributed to him, deserve the attention of others besides the politicians of Constantinople.
The Oath of Abjuration Bill, as the Jew Bill now calls itself, was advanced another stage last night; and, after a series of petty skrimishes and manceuvres, it was agreed that the next pitched battle should be fought on the third reading. The present position of the hostile camps engaged in this straggle affords rather a curious specimen of Parliamentary tactics. Having failed in a direct assault upon the bigotry of their opponents, the friends of religious liberty have recourse to stratagem. The Jew Bill is to be mentioned no more, but the fortress of intolerance, though impregnable by storm, may perhaps be made to yield to the sturer process of sap and mine. So, after carefully reconnoitring the works, MIr. 3MILNEa GiBsox discovers a palpable wealness in the very body of the Oath of Abjuration, of which the words "On the tnre " faith of a Christian" forn, as it were, the citadel. That formula, it is true, how little sever it was originally designed for that purpose, undoubtedly has the effect of excluding the Jew; but against whom is the substance of the oath directecl? Not against Jews, but against Jacobitea-ngainst a class of persons who have long ceased to exist, and a family which has died out. This is so obviouA
It must be confessed that the glory of London depends more upon the number and the size of its buildings than upon their beauty, strength, or fitness. In houses, as in other manufactures, we have fallen into the bad habit of aiming at quantity rather than quality-a habit bad enough when the results are silks and calicoes, worn in one month to be doffed in the next, but absolutely insufferable when it comes to sport with stones and bricks, and to impose tne whims, the incapacities, and the meanness of one generation upon half-a-dozen that follow. The fact is there is little or nothting of architectural foresight in our cities. We build for the present as if we were a lot of bees or birds, and as if we needed our nests and our honey-cells-always the same nests and always the same formal cells-only for a season. Ulence our cluLmsy public edifices; hence oiur crowded thoroughfares-the dead lock of Cheapside, and the tuLg of war when cab meets cab in Chancery-lane. Hence the Thames-hideous to every one of the five senses. Hence the Government offices - dilapidated, cramped, scattered, unZightly. Hence our palaces-paltry without and inconceivable wvithin, suggesting to the rorld the unenviable lot of their inhabitants. Hence, magnificent pictures stowed away in galleries where nobody can see them, or in cellars where nobody can get at them. Hence, even in those works-the monuments and the statues-in which posterity is chiefly considered, the same inappropriateness. Of the character of many of these monuments we do not at present spealk, although in all conscience not a few of them, and especially the equiestrian statues, are sufficiently open to criticism. We speak of the blunders of situation, by which we are compelled to cart them about the metropolis-now shifting the Marble Arch, now discussing the propriety of removing the Duke of YoRE;'s Column, now raising a statue to Lord GEORGCE BENTUNCc which effectually conceals an equestrian statue belhind it. Even if nothing that is very much to the purpose is said about these evils, one is glad to see the attention of Parliament directed- to the subject. Something at least is gained when an evil is ack-nowledged, and this was very fully done in the House of Lords last night. Among iother improvements, Lord R xAvFswoRTE proposed the reconstruction of the eastern wing of St. Jamess Palace. Now we do not quarrel with a palace of red brick. The inhabitants of London seem generally to have overlooked the architectural capabilities of this substance. It is a positive relief to the eye to come upon some of these old buildings, the fronts of wvhich have not been defaced with paint or wood or " compo," or any of the trickeries by which later architects have been induced to disguise the material of their walls, the warm red colour forming a pleasant contrast to the glare of whitewashed houses and the blaze of plate-glass windows. And if the eastern wing of St. James'a Palace were in keeping with the central turrets we should have no objection to its external aspect. But the whole building looks like a barracl, like a factory, like anything in the world rather than a palace, and it would be mere waste to enlarge it. We have had quite enough of patchwork, and it is to be hoped that in considering this or other still more extended plans-for the question of the concentration and enlargement of the Government offces is becoming moie and more imminent,-whatever designs are selected will be such as to require no subsequent meddling. British institutions have never aimed at symmetry, but it would be well if our public buildings were not constructed with an equal absence of plan, and if our architects would proceed less upon the assumption that -what is good for the constitution is also ggood for the edifices of the empire.
THE ST-ATE OP ARAMLL-The following is an extract of a letter dated Juddab, March 13:-"The Yemen -that is, Loneia and Hodeidah-have been in an unsettled state since December last through the expected inroads of the Assya, the largest tribe in Arabia, and whose chief had expressed his intention of driNing the Turks out of the Yemen. They descended first upon Ghiyan, a smaU fort, andgot possession of it; thence they proceeded to AlaAMsh, antl, forttuately for the TurLish Governor, remained there until their provisions were nearly expended; thence they proceeded to Hodeidab, the principal town (Mocha bein but of secondary importance), and arrived there on the 7th of February 35,00)0 strong, and were joined by another trihe mustering some 10,000. On the 11th they advanced on the north and east forts, whicb, as well as the Queen, opened fire-the latter with her 68-pounders, which astonished themn and obliged themn to retreat out of gunshot. linding it impossible to effect an entrance, and being withoat food and water, on the lGth they commenced retreating, having lost some 20,000 nmes from cholera, and among these their chief, his two sons, and nearly all the principal men of the tribe. The merchants both of Hodeidah and Mocha were all living in beats some distance from the town, the poorer inhabitants of both places had fled to the mountains, and are only now about returning." PPIZE FIGoT.-Oll Monday morning last two special trains, one consisting of 12 carriages and the other of four, filled vwith "gentlemen" of the prize r'ng, booked to proceed to Tivetsball, in Norfolk, near Norwich, on the business of a fight for the championship between Harry Broome aud Paddock, passed the Colchester station and halted short at Bentley station, near Ipswich, on purpose t't puzzle the police and the magisterial authorities on the look out for them at Ipswich and other stations lower down. Having selected a piece of meadow ground in a hollow where they could scarcely be seen, near Bentley railway station, a "ring!' was speedily formed, the spectators standing round as manv as six deep. Broome was said to be the favourite, but, after fighting for an hour and 20 minutes, he was completely disabled, and Paddock was declared the victor. Broomne, our lhiformsant states, presented a shocking spectacle, and cried like a child at his defeat. On the return of the party to town, the two trains (said to have cost 2301.) were formed into one, each carriage being crowded with 50 persons, anld passed the Colchester station about 4 o'clock p.m. The deigrsceful -proceedings were so cunningly iuanaged as to put the officers of the law completely off the scent, and not the slightest interruption took place.-Qhtdsford Chironicle. I
LATEST INT XELLIGENCE. (BY SUBXANIE AND BIRMISE TEI5AXPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Vienna correspondent VIENNA, FRIDAx Ev-EN-G. "Accounts from Constantinople, dated May 16, dtate that 55,000 French, 9,000 English, 7,000 Sardinians, and 10,000 Turks have already quitted the Crimea. "I There are still in the Crimea 85,000 French, 40,000 English, and 9,000 Sardinians. " The embarcation of the English cavalry from Constantinople has commenced." PRUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent:- "BERLIN, FRIDAY, MAY 23. "The King of Prussia and the Empress of Russia arrived at 6rnigsberg on Thursday afternoon, will sleep to-nig,ht at Bromberg, and will arrive at Pots dam to-morrow. "The Grand Duke Michael accompauies his mother."
COURT CIRCULAB. OSBORNEY, MAY 23. The Queen and Prince, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, Prince Arthur, the Princess Royal, Princess Helena, Princess Louisa, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, and Prince Loewenstein went on board the Royal yacht Vict6ria and Albert yesterday afternoon, and cruised to the Needles. The Royal dinner party yesterday included the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, Prince Loewenstein, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, the Hon. Mary Seymour, Lord James Murray, Captain the Hon. James Druanmond, and Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps. His Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge left London for Yorkshire yesterday to attend the funeral (this day) of the late Lord Adolphus Fitz-Clarence. A deputation had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere, at the Colonial-office yesterday, on the subject of postalsteam communication with Australia. The deputation consisted of the Lord Mayor, Mr. W. C. Wentworth, and Sir William Mac Arthur (late Members of Council for New South Wales), Mr. G. Leslie, Mr. Matthew Marsh, Messrs. J. M%. Airey, and William Routledge (late Meembers of Council for Victoria), Mr. F. HL Datton (late Member of Council for South Australia), Mr. John Dunn (late Member of Council for Tasmania), and Mr. James A. Youl (Hon. Secretary to the General Association for the Australian Colonies). A deputation, relative to the Pawnbrolers Act, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday, at his official residence in Downing-street. The deputation consisted of-From Liverpool, Messrs. Charles Batten, James Fairhurst, and Edward Byford; from Manchester, Messrs. John Cairns, John Richardson, and John Slater; from Sheffield, Messrs George Eaton and Joseph Wright; accompanied by Mr. Hadfield, ALP., Mr. William Brown, M.P., Mr. T. B. Horsfall, M.P., Mr. J. C. Ewart, M.P., hr.Kershaw, M.P., and theRight Hon. T. M. Gibson., MLP. A deputation consisting of Mr. Firbank-, Chairman of the Hull Dock Company; MIr. Tall, Vice-Chairman; Mr. Huffam, Secretary; and MIr. C. Parkes, Parliamentary agent, had an interview with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie, yesterday, at the office of the Poor Law Board, on the subject of the extra-parochial clauses of the Poor Law Amendment Bill. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission were held at No. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster, onWednesday, Thursday, and yesterday. The commissioners present were the Earl of Ellesmere, the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop of Ripon, AMr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Twistle. ton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. A deputation of coalfactors on the Coalwhippers Act had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Ri'ht Hon. R. Lowe, yesterday, at the office of the Board of Nrade. The deputation consisted of Mr. James Dixon Mr. Edward Charleton, MIr. Nicholas Wood, jun., M. William Simpson Potter, and Mr. William Milnes.
THE CRYSTAL PALACE CONCEBTS. The second concert, yesterday afternoon, proved quite as successful as the first. The programme commenced with Weber's overture to Euryanthe, which was followed by the trio for three basses, from Meyerbee*s Mearguerift 'A,njwu, intrusted -to Signor Graziani, M. Tagliafico, and. Herr Formes. The next piece, "Una furtiva lagrima"-allottedto Signor Gardoni-obtained an encore. Morley's "Now is the month of Maying," was honoured by a similar compliment. In the course of this mnadrigal (otherwise weU sung) the chorus sensibly fJattened, to rectify which Mr. Costa gave a chord from the orchestra-a proceeding wholly unnecessary, however, since, there being no accompaniments, the majority of the audience did not know and the minority did not care, whether or not the actual " pitch" was sustained. The solemn air from Die Zaube777te-" In diesen heiligen HaUen!'-was delivered by Herr Formes with appropriate gravity, and a depth of voice which no other bass singer of the present day can rival. To this succeeded the pretty sentimental duet from Don Pasqaale-" Tornamni a dir"-" warbled" (no term can more fitly express the insouciantz manner in which it was sung) by Grisi and Mario with such irresistible sweetness that the audience were captivated and insisted upon a repetition. A fourth encore, was obtained by Madame Jenny Ney, in the aria from Zatzberfl6te-" Oh, non temer"-which she sang in the German language. Instead, however, of taking the F in alt., in a certain well-known passage, she altered it so as to 2make a D pass for the higher note. The effect may possibly have been almost as good; but it was not what Mozart intended. The first part of the concert terminated with ono of the most splendid finales from Rossini's Moise. Part IL began with the overture to Guillaume el:l, executed by the band with a spirit and correctness impossible to surpass. Madame Bosio then gave with her accustomed brilliancy the caratina which she has so often introduced in the Blisir d'Amore, and was succeeded by Mesdames Grisi and Nantier Didice in the famous duet from Semiraramide--" Ebben a te ferisci"-which could not hlave been better rendered. That Signor Mario should be unanimously encored in " II mio tesoro," can haTdly be a matter of surprise-more especially when it is added that he sang it to perfection. Still, while he was executing the variation of Rubini-in the falsetto, or "head-voice"-we could not but think how much better it would have been to sing from the chest-the passage, as Mozart wrote it, and which, from a purely musical point of view, is infinitely superior. To "Il mio tesoro" suc ceeded another chef d'cauvre, although of a very inferior stamp -viz., the trio, for female voices, from Cimarosa's Afatrimonio Segreto -"Le faccio un'inchino"-which was given with infinite spirit by Madame Bosio, MademoiseUe Marai, and Madame Xantier Didiee. The barytone aria from La Fatorita-" Vien Leonora"-by Signor Gra73ani, and the finale to the second act of Auber's MUasancillo brought the concert to a close in an effective manner. The audience appeared more numerous than on the first occasion. Additional convenience, however, wasprovided in the shape of galleries (constructed since last week) on either side of the mave-each capable of accommodating from 300 to 400 perns.
THlE CrVi SERncE.-The Queen's Household.- A chaplaincy in ordinary has become vacant by the death of the Rev. Sir George Burrard. Colonial Deparhnent.-The governorship of Jamaica has become vacant by the promoton of Henry Barkly. Woods and Forests.-The rangership of the Home Forest at Windsor has becomevacant by the death of Lord Adolphus Fitzolarence. Board of LTrade.-A senior clerkship has been rendered vacant by the death of Mr. Charles A. G. Sivrac. Inland Revenue Department-Stbmps and Taxes Branch.-Mr. James Chamberlain, of Oswestry, inspector, has retired. Mrr. John Lee, of Birmingham, has been promoted from. a sur. veyo rship to an inspectorship. Mr. Benjamin Carden has been promoted from Leeds to Birmingham. Mr. Robert Harrison has been Promoted from Bath to Leeds. Mr. Samuel Knott has been promoted from Newark to Bath. hr. J. F. Hurley has been promoted from Bod. min to Newark. hlr. Pichard Pearce has been promoted from Halesworth to Bodmin. Customs.-Mr. John B. Cross has been appointed a clerk in the Long Room in Ion don. M1r. John R. Gray has been appointed a clerk for general business in London. Ir. W. Hunt has been appointed a clerk in the Long Room in London. Mr. JEneas M. Cameron has been promoted from first class of searchers to be landing-surveyor of the third class in London. Mr. John W. Dodd has been appointed from third-class superintending locker to be a gaugor of the sixth class in London. Mr. D. Dudgeon has leen promoted from controller at Goole to be controller at Sligo, vice Mr. Eliggingson, superannuated. Mr. J. 1I. Nisbett has been promoted from controller at Llanelly to be controller at Goole.-Civil &-ice Gazette. t2 FoREGN SUGArt.-Returns, movea for by Mr. 3Moffatt, M.P., show that the gross quantity of unrefined fo. reign sugar entered for home consumption in 1855 amounted to 2,321,434-cwt., against 2,439,291cwt. in 1854, 1,531,978 cwt. in 1853, 682,526cwt. in 1852, and 1,379,040cwt. i 1 1851. The quantity of refined sugar and candy retained for home consumption wvas 277,897cwt. The aggregate quantity of sugar of all sorts aetained for home consumpf on last year waws 2,599,33lcwst. Of the unrefined sugar 862,931 cwvt. wore imporEed from Cuba, 255,741 from Porto Rico, .561,512 from grazii, and 37,6loE from the PhliUipino Islands,
I THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. MAY 23. 'There was as great a crowd as usual in court this morning, long before the commencement of tho proceedings. The Duke of Wellington, the Earl of Albemarle, Lord Donoughmore, Lord Dufferin, Lord Feversham, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Harcourt Vernon, General Peel, Mr. ToUemache, Mr. S. Warren, and other members of Parliament were present. The learned Judges, Lord Campbell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and hlr. Justice Cresswell, took their seats upon the bench at about 10 o'clock, and, the prisoner having been placed at the bar, the examination of witnesses for the defence was resumed. No alteration has taken place in the prisoner's demeanour. Counsel for the Crown-the Attorney-General, Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Welsby, X -. Bodkin, and Mr. Huddleston; for the prisoner, Mr. Serijeaut Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.C., Mr. Gray, and Mlr. Kenealy. Mr. J. B. Ross, examined by Mr. GRoVE.-I am housesurgeon to the London Hospital. I recollect a case of tetanus being brought into the hospital on the 22d of Mfarch last. A man, aged 37, was brought in about half-past 7 in the evening. He had had one paroxysm in the receivingroom; his pulse was rapid and feeble, his jaws were closed and fixed, there was an expression of anxiety about the countenance, the features were sunken, he was unable to swallow, and the muscles of the abdomen and the back were somewhat tense. After he had been in the ward about ten minutes he had another paroxysm, and his body became arched; it lasted about a minute. He was afterwards quieter for a few minutes, and then hadanotherattackand died. The wholelasted about half anhour. There was aninquest held on the body. It was examined, and no poison was found. I think tetanus was the cause of death. There were three wounds on the body, two at the back of the right elbow each about the size of a shilling, and one on the left elbow, about the size of a sixpence. The man had had those wounds for 12 or 16 years. They were old chronic induratedulcers, circular in outline, tho edges thickenedand rounded, and covered with a white coating, without any granulation. I am unable to say what was the origin of those ulcers, but I have seen other wounds like them. I have seen oid chronic syphilitic wounds like them in other places. Those wounds were the only things which would account for tetanus. Cross-examined by the ATro sxY-GxxaER .-I ascertained that poultices had been applied to the wounds a day or two before, but I am not certain as to the exact time. The man's wife had objectedto their application. They were made of linseed meal. The man's jaws were fixed so as to render him perfectly incapable of swallowing anything. He said he had first been taken with symptoms of lockjaw at 11 o'clock-as he told me, at dinner, but, as he told my colleague, at breakfast. He was able to speak, but could not open the jaw. That is a symptom of tetanus. There were symptoms ofrigidityabouttheabdominalandlumbarmuscles. He did not say how long he had felt that rigidity. Igathered that seme otber medica man, a surgeon, had seen him in the afternoon before he came to the hospital, but I am not certain as to that; he was a labouring man. Have you any doubt that the disease had been coming on since the morning ?--No doubt at alL The sores were ugly sores of a chronic character-ulcers. There was an integament which connected the two on the right arm, so that they would be likely to run into one another. The wounds continued under the aldn, and there were no signs of healing. They had the appearance of old neglected sores. They were at the seat of the ulnar nerve-a verysensitive nerve,-that which is commonly caUed the " funny-bone." I believe he had successive paroxysms aU the afternoon before he came to the hosptal. I think his attack arose from tetanus. My opinon is founded upon the facts that he had had wounds, that he had died of spasms, that he had lockjaw, that the muscles of the abdomen and back were rigid, and that he complained of painqin the stomach. I did not hear the account of the symptoms of Cook's death. An affection of the ulnar nerve was peculiarly liable to produce tetanus. Re-examined by Mr. GRoVE.-Strychnine was suqected in that case. The nerves of the tongue are very delicate, as are also those of the throat and fauces. I have read descriptions of tetanus in the books. The case described by Mr. Gay was idiopathic, having been caused by a cold An injury to any delicate nerve would decidedly be a cause of tetanus. r. Ityners iIantell, examined by Mr. GR&Y.-I am a house-surgeon at the London Hospital. I saw the case mentioned by Mtr. Ross, and his statement with respect to the symptoms is correct. In my judgment, the disease of which the patient died was tetanus, produced by the sores on the arms. Dr. Wrightson, examined by Mr. KxxmL :-I was a pupil of Liebig at Giessen. I am a teacher of chymistry in a school in Birmingham. I have studied the nature and acquired a knowledge of poisons, andIhavebeenengaged by the Crown in the detection of poison in a prosecution. I have experimented upon strychnia. I have found no extra, ordinary difficulties in the detection of strychnia. It is certainly to be detected by the usual tetsa. I have tested and discovered both! pure and mixed with impure matter after decomposition has set in. I have detected it in a mixture of bile, bilious matter, and putrefying blood. Stryebnia can be discovered in the tissues, I have discovered it in theviscera of a cat, in the blood of one dog, and in the urine of another dog, both of them having been poisoned by strychnia. I am of opinion that strychnia does not undergo decompositionintheact of poisoning orinentering into the circulation. If it underwent such a change, if it were decomposed, I should say it would not be possible to discover it in the tissues; it might possibly be changed into a substance,'in which, however, it would still be detectable. It can be discovered in extremely minute nuantities imdeed. When I detected it in the blood of a dog I had given the animal two grains. To the second dog I gave one grain, and I detecteit in the urine. Half a grain was intended to be administered to the cat, but a considerable portion of it was lost. Asuming that a man was poisoned by strychnine, and,if his stomach were sent tome for analyzaton witbin five or six days after death, I have no doubt that I should find it, generally. If a man had been poisoned by strychnine I should certainly expect to de- Cross-examinedby the ATro y4l-GixzAi.-Supposing that the whole dose wero absorbed into the system, where would you expect to find it?-In the blood. Does it pass from the blood into the solids of the hodv'It does; or I should rather say it is left in the solids ofthe body. In its progress towards its final destination, the destruction of life, it passes from the blood, or is left by the blood in the solid tissues of the body. If it be present in the stomach, you find it in the stomach; if it be preseut in the blood, you find it in the blood; if it be left by the blood in the tissues, you find it in the tissues ? -Precisely so. Suppose the whole had been absorbed?-Then I would not undertake to find it. Suppose the whole had been eliminated from the blood, andhadpassed into the urine, should you expect to find any in the blood ?,-Certainly not. Suppose that the mlinimzum dose which will destroy life had been taken, and abcsorbed into the circulation, then deposited in the tissues, and then a part of it eliminated by the action of the kidneys, where should you search for it?In the blood, in the tissues, and in the ejections; andI would undertake to discover it in each of them. Re-examined by Mr. Serieant Sr=E-Suppose you knew aman to have been killed by strychnia administeredtobim 1 hours before he died, in your judgment would that strychnia certainly be detected in the stomach in the first instance 2-Yes. Suppose it to have been administered in the shape of pills and completely absorbed and got out of the stomach, would it still befound 7-I can't tell. If it were found, it vould be in the liver and kidneys. Could it be detected under those circumstances in the coats of the stomach ?-Not knowing the dose administered and the powver of absorption, I cannot say that it could certainlybe detected, but probably it could. When death has taken place after one paroxysm, and an hour and a-half after ingestion of the poison, can you form an opinion as to whether the dose was considerable or inconsiderable '.-I cannot. Mr. Baron Ar.Mnso?0. -How do you suppose strychnine acts when taken into the stomach ?-I cannot form an opinion. Mnr. Baron Ar.ixSOX.-It goes, I suppose, from the stomach to the blood, and from the blood somewhere else, and, arriving at that somewhere else, it kills. Lord C.srnnsELa.-I cannot allow this witness to leave the box without expressing my high approbation of the manner in 'which he has given his evidence. Mr. Serjeant SrEE requested to be allowed to ask the witness whether a strong dose was likely to pa through all the stages his Lordship had mentioned. Mr. Baron AiiSsON.-That depends on where the kiing takes place. ProfessorPartridge,examinecby Mr. GRov.-I have been many years in extensive practice as a surgeon, and I am a Professor of Anatomy in King's College. I have heard the evidence as to Cook's symptoms and post mwrtem examination. I have heard the statements as to the granules that were found on his spine. They would bo liel-y to cause infammation, and no doubt that inlammation would have been discovered if the spinal cord or its membranes had been examined shortly after death. It would not be likely to be discovered if the spinal cord was not examined until nine weeks after death. I have not seen cases in which this inflammation has produced tetanic form of convulsions, but such cases are on record. It sometimes does, and sometimes does not produce convulsions and death. Can you form any judgment as to the cause of death in Cook's case ?-I cannot. No conclusion or inference can be drawn from the degree or kind of the contractions of the body afterdeath. Lord C.UIPBZLL.-Can you not say from the symptoms you heard whether death was produced by tetanus, without saying what was the cause of tetanus ? Witness.-HypotheticaDy I should infer that he died 'of the form of tetanus which convulses the muscles. Great varieties of rigidity arise after death from natural causes. The half-bent hands and fingersarenot uncommon after nataral death. The arching of tho feet in this case seemed to me rather greater than usuaL Cross-examined by the AtroRN -GNr,L.Grannles are sometimes, but not commonly,found about the spine of a healthy subject,-not on the corditself; *they may exist consistently with health. No satisfactory eases of the inflammation I haveodescribed have come under my notice without producing convulsions. It is a very rare disease. I cannotstate from therecordedcasesthcourseof the symptom of that disease. It vaies iD. duration, soMIUMeti lasting onlyfor days, sometimes much longer. If the patient lves it is accompanied with paralysis. It produces no effect on thebrain -hichisrecognizableafter death. It would not affect the braLin prior to death. I do not know whether it is attended with loss of sensibility before death. The size of the granules which will produce it varies. This disease is not a matter of months, unless it terminates in palsy. I never beard of a case in which the patient died after a single convulsion. Between the intervals of the convulsions I don't believe a man could have 24 hours' repose. Pain and spasms would accompany the convulsions. I canmot form a judoment as to whether the general herlth would be affected in the intervals between then. You have heard it stated that from the mnidnioht of Monday till Tuesday Cook had complete repose. kow, I ask you, in the face of the medical profession, whether vou think the symptoms which have been described proceeded from that disease ?-I should think not. Did you ever know the hands completely clinched after dcsath except in ease of tetanus ?-No. Have on ever known it even in idiopathic or traumatic tetanus .-I have never seen idiopathic tetanus. I have seen the hands completely clinched in traumatic tetanus. A great deal of force is often required to separate theu. Have you ever known the feet so distorted as to assume the form of a club foot .-No. You heard Mr. Jones state that if he had turned the body upon the back it would have rested on the head and the heels. Eave you any doubt that that is an indication of death from tetanus le-.No' it is a form of tetanic spasm. I am only acquainted with tetanus resulting from strychnine by reading. Some of the symptoms in Cook's case are consistent, some are inconsistent, with strychnine tetanus. The first inconsistent symptom is the intervals that occurred between the taking of the supposed poison and the attacks. Are not symptoms of bending of the body, difficulty of respiration, convulsions in the throat, legs, and arms perfectly consistent with what you know of the symptoms of death from strychnine?-Perfectly consistent. I have known cases of traumatic tetanus. The symptoms in those cases had been occasionally remitted, never wholly terminated. I never knew traumatic tetanus ran its course to death in less than three or four days. I never knew a complete case of the operation of strychnine upon a human subject. Bearing in mind the distinction between traumatic and idiopathic tetanus,did you ever know of such a death as that of Cook according to the symptoms you have heard described ?-No. Re-examined by 3rr. GRON-.-Besides the symptom which I haveimentioned asbeinginconsistentvwith the theory of death by strychnine there are others-namely, sickness, beating the bed clothes, want of sensitiveness to external impressions, and sudden cessation of the convulsions and apparent complete recovery. There was apparently an absense of the usua muscular agitation. Symptoms of convulsive character arising from an injury to the spine vary considerably in their degrees of violence, in their periods of intermission, and in the mascles which are attacked. Intermission of the disease occurs, hut is not frequent, in traumatic tetanus. I don't remember that dieath has ever -aen place in 15 hours; it may take place in 48 hounrs during convulsions. Granules about the spine are more unusual in young people than in old. I don't know of any case in which the spine can preserve its integrity, so as to be properly exainned, for a period of inmeweeks. I should not feeljustified inmfernug that there vas no disease from not finding any at the end of that time. The period of decomposition varies from a few hours to a few days. It is not mn the least probable that it could be delayed for nine By the ArToRN7EY-G'IERAL.--Snpposing the stomach were acted on by other causes, I do not think sickness would bo inconsistent with tetanus. John Gay, examined by Mr. GeAY.-I am a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, and-I have been a surgeon to the 1 Royal Free Hospital. A case of traumatic tetanus in a boy came under my observation in that hospital in 1843. The patient was brought in during the time he was ill. He was brought on the 28th of July and died on the 2d of August. He had met with an accident a week before. During the first three days he had paroxysms of unusual severity. His mother complained that he could not open his mouth, and he complained of stiff necL During the night he started up and was convulsed. On the following night he was again convulsed. At times the abdominal muscles, as well as those of the legs and back, were rigid; the muscles of t ':eface were also in a state of great contraction. On the following (the third) day he was in the same state. At 2 o'cleck there was much less rigidity of the muscles, especially those of the abdomen and back. On the following morning the muscular rigidity had gone, he opened his mouth and was able to talk; he was thoroughly relieved. He had no return of spasms till half-past 5 the foUowing day. He then asked the nurse to change his linen, and as she lifted him up in the bed to do so violent convulsions of the arms and face canme on, and he died ina few minutes. About 30 hours elapsed between the preceding convulsion and the one which terminated his life. Before the paroxysm came on the rigidity had been completely relaxed. I had given the patient tartar emetic (containing antimony) in order to produce vomiting on the second day; it produced no effect. I gave a larger dose on the third day, which also produced no effect. I gave no more after the third day. Cross-examined by the ATTonmy-GENEAsr-The accident which had happened to him was that a large stone had faUen upon the middle toe of the left foot, and completely smashed it. The wound had become very unhealthy. I amputated the toe. The mouth was almost closed up whenI first saw him. The jaw remained closed until the 1st of August, but I could manage to get a smal quantity of tartar emetic into the mouth. The convulsions were intermitted during the day, but the muscles of the body, chest, abdomen, baok, and neck were all rigid, and continued so for the two days on which I administered tartar emetic. Rigidity of the muscles of the chest and stomach would no doubt go far to prevent vomiting. The symptoms began to abate on the morning of the Ist of August (the fourth day), and graduaUysubsided until therigidity entirely wore off. 1 then' thought he was going to get wel. The wound might have been rubbeda-ainst the bed when he was raised, but I don't think it probaMle. Some peculiar irritation of the nerves would give rise to the affection of the spinal cord. No doubt the death tookplace in consequence of something produced by the injury tothe toe. Re-examined by Mr. GRAY.-There may be various causes for that irritation of the spinal cord which ends in tetanic convulsions. It would be very difficult merely from seeing symptoms of tetanus, and in the absence of anl knowledge as to how it had been occasioned, to ascribe it to any particular cause. Dr. W. Macdonald, examined by Mr. K3IMIY.-I am a licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. I have been in practice for 14 years, and have had considerable experience, practical and theoretical, of idiopathic and traumatic tetanus. I have seen two cases of idiopathic tetanus, and have made that disease the subject of medical research. Tetanus wil proceed from very slight causes. An alteration of the secretions of the body, exposure to cold or damp, or mental excitement would cause it. Sensual excitement would produce it. The presence of gritty granules in the spine or brain migiat produce tetanic convulsions. I have seen cases in which small gritty tubercles in the brain were the only assignable cause of death, which had resulted from convulsions. I believe that in addition to the slight causes which I have named tetanic convulsions result from causes as yet undiscoverable by humnan science. In manypost 7nortem examinations of the bodies of persons 'who had died from tetanus no trace of any disease could be discovered beyond congestion or vascularity of some of the vessels surrounding the nerves. Strychaia, however, is very easily discoverable 'by a scientific man. I remember the case of a woman, Catherine Watson, who is now present, and who was attacked with idiopathic tetanus on the 20th of October, 1855. tThe witness read a report of the circumstances attending this case, the subject of which was a young woman 22 years of age, who, after going about her ordinary occupation during the day, was attacked with tetanus at 10 o'clock at night. By the administration of chloroform the violence of -the spasms was gradually diminished and she recovered. After her recovery she slept for 36 hours.] In that case there was lockjaw, which set in about the middle of the attack, It is generally a late symptom. I had a patient named Coupland who died of tetanus. It must have been idiopathic, as there was no external cause. The patient died in somewhat less than half an hour, before I could reach the house. I have made a number of experiments upon animals with reference to strychnia poison. I have foand the post mo-7le appearances very generally to concur. The vessels of the membranes of the brain have generally been highly congested. The sinuses gorged with blood. In one case there was hemorrhage from the nostrils. That was a case of very high congestion. In some cases there has been an extravasation of blood at the base of the brain. I have cut through the substance of the brain, and have found in it numerous red points. The lungs have been either collapsed or congested. The heart has invariably been filled with blood on the right side, and very often on the left side also. The liver has been congested, the kidneys and spleen generally healthy. The vessels of the stomach on the outer surface have been congested, and on the mucous or inner surface ilghly vascular. The vessels of the membranes of the spinal cord have been congested, and sometimesred points have been displayed on cutting it through. From a post mortem examination you may generally judge of the cause of death. naveln grat anycases experimented for the discovery of strychnia. You may discover in the stomach the smalest doso that WMill kiU. If you kill with a grain you may discover traces of it. By traces I mean evidences of its presence. You can discover the fifty-thousandth part of a grain. I have actually experimented so as to discover that quantity. The decomposition of strychnia is a theory which no scientific man of eminence has ever before propounded. I first heard of that theory in this court. In my opinion, there is no well-grounded reason'whatever for it. I have disproved the theory by numerous experimen's. I have taken the blood of an animal poisoned by two grains of strychnia, about the least cuantity which would destroy life, and have injected it fiuto the abdominal cavities of smaller animals, and have destroyed them, with aU the symptoms and post msortem appearances of poisaniby strvchnia. Stryclnia being administered in pis would not affect its detection. If the pills were hard they would keep it together, and you might find its remains more easily. I do not agree with Dr. Taylor that colour tests are faUacious. I believe that such tests are a reliable mode of ascertaining the presence of strychnia. I have invariably found strychbma in the urine which has been ejected. Strychnia cannot be cosifounded with pyrozanthe. After strychnia has been administered there is an increased flow of saliva. In my experiments that has been a very markeed symptom. Aniimals to which strychnia had been given have always been very susceptible to touch. The stamp of a foot or a sharp word would throw them into convulsions. Even before the paroxysras commenced touching them would be likely to throw them into tonic convulsions. Lord CA-1BE L.As soon as the poison is swallowed?No; it would be aSfar a certain time. The first symptoms of poisoning must have been developed. Exaln-ation continued.-I do not thinlk rubbing ahem would givb them relief. I think it extremely improbable tht a rAn 'who had taken a dose of strychnia sufficient to. destxay life could after the symptoms had made their app6rance pull a bell violently. I have attended to the evidenceas to Coo'k' symptoms. To thesymptoms I attach little importance as ; means-of diagnosis, because you mny Jiare the same symptoms developed by many different causes. A dose of strychnia sufficient to destroy life would hardly require an hour and a-half for its absorption. I tl .ik that death was in this case caused by epileptic convulsions, with tetanic complications. I form that opinion from the post mportca appearances being so different from thosethat I have described as attending poisoning with strychnia, and from the supposition that a doso of strychnia sufficient to destroy life in one paroxysm could not, so far as I am aware, have required jeven an hour for its absorption before the commencement of the attack. If the attack were of an epileptic character, the interval between the attacks of Monday and Tuesday vould be natural, as epileptic seizures very often recur at about the same hours of successive days. Assuming that a man was in so excited a state of mind that he was silent for two or three minutes after his horse had -won a race, that he exposed himself to cold and damp, excited his brain by drink, and was attacked by violent vomiting, and that after his death deposits of gritty granules were found in the neighbourhood of the spinal cord, would these causes be likely to produce such a death as that of Cook ?-Any one of these causes woald assist in the production of such a death. As a congeries would they be still more likely to produce it ?-Yes. Cross-examined by the ATroRsEY-GESX5RAL.-I am a general practitioner, and am parochial medical officer. I have had personal experience of two cases of idiopathic tetanus. What I have said about mental and sensual excitement and so on has not come within my own observation. In the case of Catherine Watson I saw the patient at about half-past 10 at night. She had been ill nearly an hour, and had five or six spasmns. She had gone about her usual duties up to evening. She felt a slight lassitude for two days previous to the attack It was only bv close pressing that I ascertained that lockjaw came on about an our or two after I was called in. The case of Coupland Mwas that of a young child between three and four years old. I was attending the mother, and saw the child in good health half an huur before it came on. It was seized with spasm, what I conjectured to be of the diaphragm, and died in about half an hour. I had seen the child asleep, but I did not examine it. I don't know whether I saw the face of the child, but it was in bed; I judged that it was asleep. Is that the same as seeing it asleep ?-Sometimes a medical man can form a better judgment than a lawyer. Mr. Smith applied to me to be a witness in this case. I communicated to him the case of Catherine Watson, as resembling the case of Cook. I furnished my notes to be copied the night before last. I have been here since the commencement of the trial. I have been at all the consultations. I began the experiments for this case in January. I had made experiments before. That was eight or ten years ago. I then found out that strychnia could be discovered by chymical and physiological tests. I killed dogs, cats, rabbits, and fowls. The doses I administered were from three-quarters up to two grains. To dogs the smallest quantity administreed was a grain. In four cases I killed with one grain, five with a grain and a-half, one -with a grain and a-quarier, and two with twvo rgrains. I never kdlled a dog with half a grain of strychnia, and therefore never experimented to fid that quantity after death. I have always found thebrain and heart bighly congested. The immediate cause of the fulnessof the heart is that the spasm drives the blood from the small capillaries into the large vessels. The spasm of the respiratory muscles prevents the expansion of the longs. The congtestion of the brain is greatest when the animal was young and in full health. It does not depend ponthe frequency of thespasmsc I have seen cases of traumatic tetanus. I have bad two in my own practice. One lasted five or six days, the other six or seven days, and the patient recovered. I have never seen a case of strychnia in the hum subject. So far as I can judge, Cook's was a case of epileptic convulsions with tetanic complications. Nobody can say from what epilepsy proceeds. I have not arrived at any opinion on the subject. I have seen onedeath from epilepsy. The patient was not conscious when he died. I can't mention a case in which a patient dying from eplUepsy has preserved his consciousness to the time of death. You have been reading up this subject 9-I am pretty-well upinmostbranchesof medicine. (A laugh.) Ikinowofno case in which a patient dying from epilepsy has been conscious. My opinion is that Cook died of epileptic convulsions with tetanic complications. By Lord CMrPBELa.-That is a disease well known to physicians. It is mentioned in Dr. Copland's Dictionary. Examination continued.-I believe that all convuldsive diseases, including the epileptic forms and the various tetanic complications, arise from the decomposition of the blood acting upon the nerves. Any mental excitement might have caused Cook's attack. Cook was excited at Shrewsbury, and wherever there is excitement there is consequent depression. I think Cook was afterwards depressed. When a man is lying in bed and vomiting he must be depressed. This gentleman was much overjoyed at his horse winning, and you thinki he vomited inconsequence -It might predispose him to vomit. l am not speaksing of "mnights." Do you think that the excitement o. the three minutes on the course at Shrewsbury on the Tuesday accounts for the vomiting on the Wednesday night 9-I do not. I find no symptoms of eoeitement or depression reported between that time and the time of his death. The white spots found in the stomach of the deceased might, by producing an inflammatory condition of the stomach, have brought on the convulsions which caused death. The ATTonsXsY-GimxRAL.-But the gentlemen who made the post 2nortemn examination say that the stomach was not inflamecd. Witness.-There werewhite spots, which cannot exit without inflammation. There must have been inflammation. The ATTrOsxY--GZxrAL.-Bnt these gentlemen say that there was not. Witness.-I do not believe them. (A laugh.) Sensual excitement might cause epileptic convulsions, with tetanic complications. The chancre and syphilitic sores were evidence that Cook had undergone such excitement. That might have occurred before he was at Shrewsbury. MLght sexual intercomse produce epilepsy a fortnight afterit occurred?-There is an instance on record in which epilepsy supervened upon the very act of intercourse. Eave you any inst3ace i which epllepsy came on a fortnight afterwards? (A laugh.)-It is within the range of possibility. Do you mean, as a serious man of science, to say that!The results might. What results were there in this case°-The chancre and the syphiltic sores. Did you ever hear of a chancre causing epilepsy9-NKo. Did yoa ever dream of such a thing I never heard of it. Did you ever hear of any other form of syphilitic disease producing epilepsy 9.-lo; but tetanus. The A Tos -Gg?ixs.g.-But youl say this was epilopsy; we are not talking of tetanus?z witness.-You forget the tetanic compilictos(lar of laulghter.) cations. (Roars The ArrOnNEy-GscWNrlan.-I I understand right, then, it stands thus-the sexual exciementproduces epilepsy, ad the chancre superadds tetanic complications ? Witness.-I say that the results of sexual exciteent produce epilepsy. Mr. Baron Anx;D SONe said he had beard some person in court clap his hands. On an occasion on which a man was being tried for his life such a display was most indecent. Examination continued.-I cannot remember any fatal case of poisoning by strychnia in which so long a period as an hour and a-half intervened between the taking of the poison and the appearance of the frst symptoms. What would be the effect of morphia given a day or two previously ? Would it not retard the action of the poison ! -No; I have seen opium bring on convulsions very nearly similar. What quantity -A grain and a half. From my experience, I think that if morphia had been given a day or two before it would have accelerated the action of the strychnia. I have seen opium bring on epileptic convulsions. If this were a case of poisoning by strychnia, I should suppose that as both opium and strychnia produce congestion of the brain, the two would act together, and would have a more speedy effect. If congestion of the brain was coming on r when morphia was given to Cook on the Sunday and Mon- day night it might have increased rather than allayed it. But the gentlemen who examined the body say that there was no congestion after death 7.-But Dr. Bamford says there w,as. You stick to Dr. Bamford 7-Yes, I do, because he was a man of experience, could judge much better than younger men, and wasnot so likely to be -istaken. But Dr. Baraford said that Cook died of apoplexy ; do you think this was apoplexy ?-No it was not. What, then, do you think of Dr. Bamford, who certified that it was 7-That was a matter of opinion, but the existence of congestion in the brain he saw. The ATTo N-Gxa.N-R,:-The other medical men said there was none. Lord C,%mPBELL.-That is rather a matter oi reasoning than of evidence. Re-examined by lMr. Seijeant SHm-I have seen a great nany children asleep, and can tell whether they are so without seeing their faces. In the case of the child who died of tetanus the mother had told me that it was asleep. Dr. Mason Good is a well known author upon convul. sions. From my reading of his work and others I bave learnt that there are onvulsions which arenot, strictly speaking, epilepsy, although they resemble it in some of its features. I also know the works of M. Esquirolle. From reading those and other works I know that epileptic convusions sufficiently violent to cause death frequently occur without the patient entirely losing his consciousness. Epilepsy, properly so called, is sudden in its attack. aUbe patient falls down at once with a shriek. That disease occurs very often at night, and in bed. It sometimes happens that its existence is known to a young man's fa - ly w ithout his knowing anything about it. Convsions of an epileptic character are sometimes preoeded by premonitory symptoms. It sometimeshappens thatduring such oonvul- sions actualepilepsy omnes on, and the patient dies of an interal spasm. It oftent happen that if a patient has suffered from epilepsy and convulsions of an enileutic kind during the night he may bo as well next day as if- nothin" had happened, more especially when an adult is seized for the first time. In such cases it often happens that such fits.succeed each other within a short period. I heard the deposition of Dr. Bamford. It it were true that the mind of the decessed was distressed and irritable the night before his death, Ishould say that he was suffering from depression. From what Cook said about his madness in the middle o.the Sunday night I should infer that he had been seiaed by some sudden cramp or spasm. Supposing that there was no suchcraiump, I should referwhat he said to nervous and mental excitement. There might be some disturbance of the brain. I do not believe that inflammation can be absent 'nle spots on the stomach be present. About 18 months ago 1 examined the stomach of a person who had died from fever, in -which I found white spots. . I consulted various authors. Inan essay on the stomach by Dr. Sprodboyne, a medicalman who practised in Edinburgh, I found mention of similar spots in the stomach of a young woman who had dioe suddenly. Dr. Bainbridge, examined by Mr. G.Povr-L-I am a doctor of medicine, and medical officer to the St. Martin'sworldhouse l I have had much experience of convulsive disorders. Such disorders present great variety of symptoms. They vary as to the frequency of the occurrence and as to the musoles affected, Periodicity, or recurrence at the same hoLucs, d ys, or monthr.. is corAmon. I had a case in which a pati nt Ihbad. an ttiack on one Christmas night, and on the oDowing Christmas night, at the same hour, he had a similar attack. The vaious forms of convulsions so run into each other that it isalmost impassibleforthe roet expenien medical men to state whera oe terminates and the other begins. In both, ales and females hysteria is frequently attended by tetanic convulsions. Epileptic attacks are fre. quently accompanied by tetanic complications. Cross-examined by the ATron,Y-GxNw3 .-Hyster1c convulsions very rarely end in death. I have known one case in which they iave done so. That occurred within the last three months. It was the ease of a male. It occurred in St. M1artin's workhouse. The man had for years been subjedt to this complaint. On the occasion on which he died he was ill only a few minutes. I did not make a post mortem exaniination. I was told he was seized with sudden con:vulsions. fell down on the ground, and in five minutes was dead. There was slight clinching of the hxnds, but I think no locling of the jaw. The man was about 35 years of age. He was the brother of the celebrated aeronaut, Iaeutenant Gale. In many cases of this description consciousness is destroyed. It is not so in alL I have met with violent cases in which it has been preserved. I never knew a case in which during the paroxysm the patient spoke. Epilepsy is sometimes attended -with opisthotonos. I have seen cases of traumatic tetanus. ILi such cases the patient retains his consciousness. I have known many cases of epilepsy terminating in death. Loss of consciousness-not universally, but generally-accompanies epilepsy. I never k-new a case of death from that disease where consciousness was not destroyed. I have known 10 or 12 such fatal cases. Re-examiined by Mr. GxOvx.-Persons almost invariabli fall asleep after an epileptic attack. The ATTon EY-GTsh.XI.-And after taling opium'Yes. Edward Austin Steddy, examined by Mr. GMY.-I am a member of the loyal College of Surgeons, and am iz practice at Chatham. In June, 1854, I attended a person named Sarah Ann Taylor for trisnaus and pleuro-tothonos. When I first saw the patient she was bent to one side. The convulsions came on in paroxysms. The pleuro-tothonos and trismus lasted about a fortnight. The patient then so far recovered as to be able to, walk absoat. About a twelvemonth afterwards, on the 3d of March, 1855, she was again seized. Tbat seizure lasted about a week. She is still alive; The friends of the patient said that the disease was brought on by depression, arising from a quarrel with her husband. Cross-examined by hr. JA.aqR%.-I do not know how vIug before the attack this quarrel occurred. During it the 'woman received a blow upon ber side from her husband. During the whole fortnight the lockjaw or trismus continued. In March, 1855, she was under my care about a week, during the whole of which the trismus continued. Dr. George Robinson, examined by Mr. KxyuAs.Y.-I am a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians, and hysician to the Newcastle-on-Tyne DIispensary and Fever Hospital. I havo devoted considerable attention to the subject of pathology. I have practised as a physician for teni year Ihave heard the whole of the medica evidenceinthis case. Fromthesymptoms describedI should saythatCook-died of tetanic convulsious, by 'hichI mean, not the convulsions of tetanus, but convulsions similar to those.witnessed in that disease. The con ulsions of epilepsy sometimes assume a tetanic appearance. I know no department of pathologymore obscure than that of convulsive disease. I have witnessed postmorternexaminationsafterdeathfromconvulsive diseaes, and have sometimes seen no morbid appearances whatever, and in other cases the symptoms were applicable to a great variety of diseases. Convulsive diseases are always con. nected with the condition of the nerves. The brain has a good deal to do vith the production of convulsive diseases, hut the spinal cord hsasmore. I beheve that gritty granules inthe region of the spinal cord would be very likely to producconvulsions, nnd I think they would be likdy to be verycsimilar to those described in the present ase. I think that from vrhat I have heard described of the mode of ]He of the deceased it would have predisposed him to epilepsy. I have witnessed some experiments -with strychnia, and have performed afew. I have also prescribed it in cases of paralysis. By the ATToR,,EY-GiEnA L.-I have seen 20 cases where epilepsy has been attended by convulsions of a tetanic character. I have never seen the symptoms of epilepsy proceed to anything like the extent of the symptoms"in 'ook's ease. I never saw a body in a case of epilepsy so stiff as to reot npon the head and theheels. I never knewv such symptoms to arise in any case except tetanus. When epilepsy presents any of these extreme forms it is always accompamne by unconsciousness. In almzost every case of epilepsy the patient isa conscious atthe timehof the attack. In cases of epilepsyT have foumd gritty granules on the brain, and any dis. turbing cause in the system, I think, wsould be likely to pro duce convulsions. I believe that the granules in this case erevery likelytohaveirritated the spial cod, and yet thatnoindication of that irritation doeld have remarnei after death. I think that these granyles might have produced the death of Mr. Cook. The A tro t e-GseatLtis.-Doyon think that they did so! Witness.-Patting aside the assmption of death by stygehnia I should say so. The ALronns-G. n rsee.-Are not all the sympr tomrs spoken to by hr. Jones indicative of death by strychman s IWitness.-They certainly are. By the Aerroul se-ofthe upp.-Thenr it comes to tbisc thatif there vere no other cause of death suggested youl would say that the death in this case arose from epilepsy! Witness.-YLes. By Eserjeant Sat i-Eptlepsy is a e eI-knows n fomn of disease wvhich includes many others. Dr. Iichardson said,-I am a physician, praetising tpt London. I have never seen a case of tetanus, properly so called, but I have seen many cases of death by convullions. In many instances they have presented tetassc appearances without being strictly tetanous. I havo seen tho muscles Lixed, especially those of the 'upper p rt of the body. I have observed the arms stiffened out, and the uhads closely and fIruly clinched until death. I have also observed a sense of suffocation in the patient. In some forms of conveulions I haverseen contortionshboth of the legs ean the feet, and the patient generany expresses a vshto sit up. T have known persons ce of a disease caled angina pectoris. The symptoms of that disease, I consider, resemble closely those ofiMr. Cool Angina pectoris comes under the denomination of spasnodic diseases. In some cases the disse is detectable upon post mortnz examination; in others it is not. I attended one case. A girl 10 years old was 'nder my carein 1850. I supposed she had suffered from sfarlet fever. She recovered so far that my visits ceased. I lef left her amused and merry in the morning * at half-past 10 in theeveningyswasca eedinto seeher, and Ifound her dying. She was supported upright at her o;n request, her face ws pale, the muscles of the face rtigid, the arms rigid, the fngers clinched, the eira ry muscles completely fixed and rigid and with all thisathere was combined nmtense agony and restiessness, such as I have never witnessed. The. was perfect consciousness. The child knewv me, described her agony, and eagerly ptook some brandy and water from spoon. I left for the purpose of obtaining some chloroform from muy ow house, which was 30 yards distant. When I returned her head as drarn back, and I could detect no respiration; the eyes were then fixed open, and the body just resembled a statue; she was dead. On the followine da I made a post mortemr examination. The brai Bys the icongested; the 'upper part of the spinal cord seemed hethy theslungs were collapsed; the heart was In such o siate of firm spasm and solidty and £s emaied of blood that I iremarked that it might have been inssed out I eould not discover any appearance of disease thatvr wod account for the death, except alslight effusion of serum inx one pleural cavity. I never could ascertain any cause for the death. The child went to bed well and merry, and immediately afterwiards jumeped up, scremed, and excluimed, hI am going to die." By the msao thr-Ge wourdb-I consider that the symiptoms t have described were those of angina pectoris, Itristheopision of Dr. Jennerthat this disease is cccasioned by the ossification of some of the small vessels of the heart. I didnot find that to be the case in this instance. There have een many cases where no cause whatever as discovered. It is called angina pectoris, from its causing such ex;treme anguish to the cheat. I do not think- the symptoms I have described were such as would result frora taking strychnia. There i this diffierence,-that dabbing the hads gives esetothe patient iu cases of aDgina pectoris. I must] say there would be great difficultymandetecting the difference in the cases of angina pectoris an. strychnia. As regardssymcptoms I know of no differncne between the two. I am bound to say that If I had known so much of these subjects as I do nowv in the case I havm referred to I should have gone on to analysis to endeavour to detect s;trychnii. In the second case I discovered organic disease of the heart, wvhich wras quite suicient to account for theasymptoms. Therdiseaseofangina pectoris comes on quite suddenly, and does not give any notice of its ap proach. I did not send any note of this case to any medical p ublication. It is not at all an luncommon occurrence to fidthe bands firmlyc]inchedafter deathiu cases of natural diserse. By Mr. Serjeant SsnEJ.-There are cases of angina pectoris in wthich the patient hias recovered and appeared perfectl wvell for a peried of 24 hours, and then the attack has returned. r ami of opinion that the fact of the recurrence of the second fit in Cook's case is more the symuptom of angina pectoris than of strychnia poiSOn. Dr. Wrightson was re-clled, and in answer to a onestioR put by SerJeant SnEE he said it was bis opinion that when the strychnia poison was absorbed in the system it was diffused throughout the entire system. By the AT oix.y-GIslw r stille longer titme thae elapsed! before the death would render the absortion more complete. If a niinimrun7- dose t destroy life were given, and a long interval elapsed .to.the death, the momo coenpleto would be the naborptionand the less the chance of finding it in the stomach. By Serjeant SnEs.-I .liould expcstill to fiilnit in the spleen and liver and blood. Caeterine Watson sasI- live at Ganrkirk, near Glasgow. I was attacked witk a fit in October oi last year. I had zo wound of any kind on y body when I was attacked.. I did not take any peisson By the AvToR.NEY-GiNER.A7-I was taken i at night. I hadafelt heavy allday from the morning; but had no pain till nISht. The first pain Ifelt ws in my stomach, ad then I Lad cramp in my arns, aud after that I was quite insensible. I have no recQection of anything after I was fist attacked, except tEat I was bled. Scrjeant S11ED te said that he 'as now about to enter into another par of te case for the defence, and probably the Court would think it a convenient period to adjourn. TheLoRD CUEy JUSnCZ saidihat the Court had no ob jection to ad*zrn if the learned zerjeant thought it wouldc be a convement time to do so. The ATTo0r-nY-GENzLAL requested that before tia Court ws formaalv adjourned a witness named SaundW 'whose namte was upon the back of the hill, and who was at in attendanoe, and 'who he believed had not made his A- peance during the trial, should be called upon his rcODDa- zances. Ie added that he believed this witness asal subpcenaed on behalf of the prisoner, but he (the AttorneyGeneral) intended to have called him for the Crown. The CouTy dlirected that the witness should be aled upon his reognizances, and this was done, but he did aoL appear. The Court then adjourned until 10 o'clocl on Satnday ithBs) morning.
PFOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCR (FROM OUi OWN OOMPONDM*E k ptortion of the folowing 3appeared inourowcond edition bf yefiter&ay :- rAU;S, T1URSDA,Y, MAY 22, 6 P.Y. The Emperor received M. Hfcbner this day, as ,Ambassador from the Court of Vienna to that of France. Three Imperial carriages were sent to the re';dence of the Ambassador to convey him and his wecretaries and attachis to thePalace of the Tuileries, 'where they entered by the grand vestibule. A battalion of Voltigeurs of the Guard formed a double line to the right and left of the great entrance at the Pavillon de l'Horloge. The Emperor arrived at the Tuileries at half-past 2 o'clock; five carriages composed the cortege, which was unaccompanied by any escort. After the reception, wlhich lasted about half an hour, and at which Baron Hubner delivered his credentials as Ambassador, he was conducted back to Eis residence with the same ceremony. The Emperor returned soon after to St. Cloud. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " GRANITZA, MAY 21. "The Czar will arrive at Warsw to-morrow, and will take up his residence at the summer palace of SuzienskL" " COPENHAGEN, MAY 21. " In consequence of zhe Grand Council of State having declared in favour of a reduction of the war budget by a maiority of 46 to 15, the Minister of War, AL Luttichau, has tendered his resignation." " HAMBURG, MAY 22. "The new English steamer Tyne, bound to Croustadt, has been wrecked on the island of Oesel, in the Gulf of Finland. Cargo all lost."' "MAhDRID, MAY- 2L " Funds have been already provided, both at London and Paris, for the payment of the half-year's dividend. " The grand cross of the order of Charles m. has been given to Count de 3roray. "Perfect tranquillity prevails." At the reception held by the Archduke Maximilian yesterday, at the Austrian Embassy, where pearly the whole of the diplomatic corps attended, as well as a number of Frenchmen and strangers, it was remarked that there was not a single Pussian to be seen. r. Augustine Thierry, the well-known historian of the conquest of England bythe Normans, died this day in Paris. He was in hlis 70th year. The Generals comnmanding the military divisions hve received a circular from the Miniister of War informiing them that, by a decision of the MIinister of Marine, the soldiers of all ranks of the class of J349 belonging to the Miarines and Marine Artillery areto be immediately sent to their homes, to wait for the period of their definitive liberation from the service. The same decision applies to thevolunteers of the same year who may apply to be placed on the reserve before the expiration of their legal time of service. Those soldiers of the class of 1849 belonging to the abovenamed' corps who are now at home on furlough will therefore remain there until ;eir discharge. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 7Sf. 40c. lor the end of the mnonth, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94£. 75c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,475f.; GreatNorthern, 1,160f. ; Strasburg, 1,010f.; new shares, 925f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,522f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,760f.; Western of France, 9SOf.; Bordeaux and Cette, 820f. ; Great C-entral of France, 740f.; ILvons and Geneva, 825f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,945f.; Austrian railways, 952f. 50c. -Cours A thenlique.-PARIS, May 22.-Cash Pfrices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 94f. 50c.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 94f. sec.; ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. paid). 94f. 30c.; Your per Cents., 86f.; Three per Cents., 75f. 20c. 25c. 30c.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 75. SOc. ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 30c.; Bank of mrance, 4,COf.; Credit Foncier, 720f. ex. div.; ditto Obligations of 5001., Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 4COf.; Cridit Mobilier, 1945£- Discount Bank, 7001.; Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 931. 75c.* Austrian FRive per Cernts., 92;- Belgian Four-and-a-13alf per Cents., 97; Pente do Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Romans, 92.',; Bgaytian Loan, 1855. 550; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 2S'ij l 4; ditto, Three per Cents.. 45A; ditto, Interior Debt., 43. hachange en London, at sight, paper, 25f'. 42hc.- money, 251'. 42Ac.; three months, money, 25 5f. AUSTRIA. (EMOM OURx o0w CORRESPONDENT.) VIENNA, MAY 19. The Austrian Government has not deemed it expedient officially to inform the public wly the triple alliance of the 15th of April was concluded, but the Frank:fort Post Zeitung contains a very significant article on the subject, which is evidently the work of an official pen. The Vienna writer begins by observing that during two or three years the Western Povwers and Austriahadbeen endeavouring to obtain from Russia a satisfactory guarantee for the independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire. During the Vienna Conferences Russia positively refused to give an active guiarantee for the territorial integ,rity of Turkey, and the only concession that could be obtained from her was that she would respect the independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire. " Had peace," says the Vienna journalist, "been concluded at 'Vienna a year ago, the allies would then have concluded a separate treaty, in consequence of the refusal of Russia to give the guarantee demanded of her." In article 7 of the Treaty of PeaceEngland, France, Austria, Prussia, Sardinia, and Russia agree "to respect the independence and territorial integrity of the Ottoman empire, guaranteeing in common the strict observance of their engagement," but the three first-mentioned Powers were not satisfied with this, and resolved themselves to give that active guarantee whiclh they considered necessary to the future independence and integrity of the Sultan's dominions. " This," says the Austrian writer, " is the simple and true history *of the treaty of the 15th of April, and its conclusion could not have taken Russia by surprise, as her representatives must have known what would be the consequence of their refusal to give the required guarantee." As the foregoing is the Austrian account of the matter, it would have been iunfair to withhold it, but the impression on my mind is, that this Government was anxious to conclude the treaty of April 15, in order to have allies on whose assistance she can depend if Russia should at any future time return to the charge. The Tmperial Governrnent affects to set a hig,h value on the support of the Bund, but it would be contrary to reason to suppose that Austrian statesmen can be ignorant of the complete political impotence of the so-called "central " organ of Germany. In replying to the taunts of the Prussian press some of the Austrian journalists blister and swagger in a way which can hardly fail to widen the breach between this country and Russia. One of the correspondents of the Fran?fi'rt Post Zeiticn employs the following grandiloquent language in answer to the Br-eslau Zeitung, which hints that Prince Gortschakoff, as Minister for Foreign Aifairs, is not likely to forget his complete defeat at Vienna - " And even if Prince Gortschakoff does owe Austria a grudge, what is likely to happen? lHe took with him from Vionna the persuasion, based on personal observation, that the power of Austria is equal to that of Russia, and he is, ,beside;, well aware that it is directedwith concentrated and M-ighty energy." Onthel8th of February His M,ajesty the Emperor empowered Marshal Radetzk-yto grant a full pardon tothose politioal exileswhomightapplyfor permission to return to their homes, and to remove the seques- 4~~~~~~~~~~~~ s - _- __ --- ratton from their property. From time to tine we learn by the Italian papers that the veteran soldier ,has made use of his poWer to pardon political offenders, but it seems that very few persons apply -for permission to return. Those individuals who may come backl without leave will be tried by the civil authorities. Yeaterday mornincg, at 9 o'clock, died Baron Sina, the banker, who was one of the largest landed proprietors and one of the richest men in this part of the world. The deceased, who was 73 years of age, is said to have left property to the enormous amount .of 40,00,000.L (4,000,0O00.) RUSSIA. * (ROM OUR BERLIN ORW=POXDMnT.) BBRLIW, MA&Y 2L General Sir Wiiam Williara arrved at St. ;rPetemburg, from Moecow, on the 13th inst., accom panied bv Mtajor Teefldale; they were, at the date - of the last advices, preparing to leave for England. ,In the meantimne they are treated -with every con. ideration. and even distincetion, by the Governmnent and the authorities. On the same day C eneral Ney arrived there also fror Kowno, and on 'the following day was to have an audience of the _Emtperor. I recently mentioned that the ice was beg,inning to move down from the Lake of Iadoga; it appears now that a steady west wind has ever since been blowing up the mouth of the Neva. impeding the passage of the ice down to the bay, in consequence of which the water rises and threatens the lower parts of the town with inundation, an event by no means unprecedented in the annals of St. Petersburg. According to a telegraphie notice published in Lubeclk, the steamer Neva had entered the port of St. Petersburg and moored alongside of the town on the 1Sth inst., being the first vessel that has profited by the opening of the navigation. In a few days there is to be a naval review in front of St. Petersburg, in which the screw gunboats are to take a prominent part and make their first appearance. The traffic is also now opened between St. Petersburg and this place by way of Stettin ;* and the accommodation in the hotels here is for the niost part already engaged for many weeks to come; by far the larger part of the coming visitors are on their way to Paris, the minority.are about to visit German springs. Among the latter is General Dannenberg, who, it will be recollected, feU into disgrace for not being ready to execute a cavalry charge at Inkermann after the battle had been lost, although a civilian's judgment vwould be inclined to think that cavalry is not exactly the most suitable arm -with which to attack an enemy posted on steep heights, more particularly when the infantry is retiring from anunsuccessful attack, and consequently likely to disorder the cavalry. The difficult subject of the various changes to be effected in the diplomatic representation of the country seems to be now so far settled as that Baron von Budberg, Russian Mlinister here, exchanges this post for Vienna; this arrangement, if it turn out to be correct, must be of very recent date, as only a very few weeks back vwe had the positive assurance that he would remain here. The future representative of RiLssia at this Court is Baron von Brunnow, who will remain for the present as Minister Extraordinary at Paris, where it is believed that his thorough knowledge of Bessarabian topography has made his presence invaluable in conI nexion with the commission about to enter on the regulation of the frontier there. The Russian Councillor Basily, also, whowiU representRussia in this commission for regulating the future constituition of the Danubian Principalities, is the only man among its mnembers at all conversant with the locality and the state of the affairs in those parts; the others are in an unenviable state of perfect ignorance on the subject. Prince Callumachi has been attached to the Governor of Bessarabia, as is presumed, for the occasion of the approaching frontier negotiations. The Russian Government is having considerable quantities of silver whichit has bouglt upinElngland and Germany melted dowvn into bars at the Frankfort Mint. In all probability Admiral Putiatine will soo. be nominated MIinister of Marine, and the presenit administrator of that office, Baron Wrangel, will be removed to the Imperial CoLncil. The Grand Duke Constantine is said to value Baron Wrangel very highly for fidelity and devotion to the Imperial service, but the Emperor finds him deficient in those qualities of intellect and talent that are necessary for so high a post. Putiatine, on the contrary, is one of the most talented officers of the naval service, and everybody is astonished at his not havincg been employed more prominently and actively. It is thought not improbabe that he vil be employed in the recently acquired territory in the east of Asia, the administration of whichhas not yet been organized. It is maintained that it was originally the intention of the Government to have commenced operations against the Circassians last month, but that the stubbornness of the winter, which kept the snow still on the mountains and even on the steppes of Noga, prevented all attempts at military movements. Only very recently news has been received of the Lesghians having taken courage so far as to send various marauding parties through IKachetia ; they have for the present been repeUled rather roughly, and the incident has no other value or interest than as showing that the footing on which Schamyl stands to Ru!ssia is no longer so perfectly amicable. Advices vid Constantinople aflirm that the campaign of the Russians against the Circassians has already begun, and that a Russian column as far back as the latter part of April attaeked the village of Suneh and burnt it down. The village lies about two miles from the river Kuban. On this occasion the Russians had foulr field-pieces with them, and they took 21 prisoners. The Circassian chiefs nlow in Anapa had sent to request Sefer Pasha to take the necessary steps to keep open the communications between the fort and the mountains. According to the IYorthiern Bee, the Russian troops are leaving the Taurian Peninsula very rapidly. The first to move were the two divisionis of Grenadiers, and then followed the cavalry. According to all the arrangements made, the Emperor of PRuissia ought to arrive at Warsaw to-day. General Count Gr5ben, one of the King's adjuLtants, accompanied by Colonel Von Glisczinski, has left here for Warsaw to wait on the Emperor in the name of the King. Even should the Varsovians be at len-th g,ratified with a visit from their Monarch, it is to he apprehended that they are preparing for themselves an ample amount of disappointment, ford we learn front the Czas that the Poles expect from the Emperor on this occasion a general amnesty, a new organic statute, a restoration of the Urniversity, the reintroduction of the Polish langluage into schools, and the formation of a Polish corps de garde of about 8,000umen. The nobility have arrangedthree grand balls to be given on this occasion, the sulbscriptions to which amoumt to a million. The works of fortification at Revel are being continued and completed in spite of the peace. The troops that have reached Archangel after returning from Sebastopol have been received there with excessive warmth and enthusiasm. The druschines of the militia are being disbandedg graduaUy; the process is protracted as long as possible in the hope of men being induced to enter the line ; but as far as the experiment goes at present it meets with very little success. TE3E TREATY OF THE 15th of APRIL. The lirard, the Russian organ at Brussels, contains the following article on the subject of the treaty of April 15 " The French Afoniteur has confirmed the account given several days ago by our private letters, thlat Baron de Brunow would remain provisionally at Paris, charged with a special mission. This nomination, and the delay which takes place in Russia sending a definitive representative to Paris, appear to excite the attention of the political world. The delay in the arrival of the Russian Minister who wil reside definitively at Paris is by some connected with the treaty of April 15. We consider these political deductions as altogether questionable. We admuit that the treaty was not expected as a necessary event, and that its publEcation has caused some astonishment; but we are convinced that the French Government has given, as to the meaning and bearing of that document, such explanations as will not permit any one of the allies of the 30th of March to retain the slightest fear concerning it, or to entertain a feeling of offended susceptibility. The treaty is in our eyes only a kind of mutual guarantee, exchanged between the Powers which sined it. We considered it from the first much less as an act directed against Russia than as a kind of concession made to Austria; and we should not be at all astonished at its being confinned that Austria had demanded it from her allies of the West, as she is now demanding one of the same kind from Prussia. For us there is only one important treaty, that of the 30th of March. Austria is quite at liberty to congratulate herself on the treaty of the 15th of April, which maintains her in a state of aliance with England and France; and as to Rtussia, she has no need of a special treaty to keep her engagements of the 30th of March, and in case of need to enforce therespecting of those which each of the Powers has contracted in the treaty of Paris." STATE OF NAPLES. (Rnon oim ow-x coRrxsroNDNT.) NAPLES, MAY 19. Eis Majesty last week retired to Gacta. The fact is not of much importance; for, whether there or elsewhere, Naples is always equally abandoned, and the administration of the public service left to the control of irresponsible men. Before he left I am informed that His Majesty sent for the officers of the battalion of Cacciatori, which is formed en- * The Rus6ian steamer Vladimir, that was to have made thenrsttrip this year from St.Petersburg to Stettin, wasnot able to leave the former port on Saturday, on account of the to the telegraphic tch received/ at Stettin, would not renew the attempt till yesterday. The Prussian steamer&dler, which 3eft Stettin for St. Peters- burgas urd.y, has been obliged from the same cause to Ipit U3±o Port Baltic. tirely of foreigners-expressed in stroig terms his high appreciation of the corps-trusted that the Madonna would keep war at a distance from his borders, but, should it come, he depended on the attachment and courage of the Cacciatori. The answer was to the effect that the future should prove their zeal for the King. Many other reports are going round, indicating the universal impression that, so far from conceding, His Majesty is disposed to assume an obstinate and a hostile attitude, and that entire dependentce is placed onthesupport of Austria. A great deal is talked about a contingent having been demanded by Austria in certain eventualities. It may or may not be true, but this I know, that when the Archdukes were here last autamn they went the round of the barracks and made a more especial inspection of the troops than is usual on a Royal visit. The conclusion at the time was, that this act indicated an arri&ec pensie. It would be onlyrepeatirggatale thrice told to say that not merely among the Idberall, but among the very empkloys of the Government, there exists the utmost discontent; and I can give you no adequate idea of the intense earnestness with which aU parties are now looking to the West. Order for the moment is preserved by the implicit confidence which is placed iu Governments whose representatives have spoken out so boldly on the Italian question. The consequence of such a free expression of opinion on the national feeling must, of course, have been foreseen; and here it is regarded as perfectly incompatible with inactivity. It is to be hoped that such a persuasion is not doomed to be disappointed, for the result weould be by no means doubtful. The foreign Ministers have received an intimation that, the war having nowv ceased, sulphur will again be permitted to be exported freely by aU nations.
TUR=. (FROM OfR OWN CORBESPONDENT.) -f [The foUowing appeaued iL our second editlon of yesterdav !-1 CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY S. The beginning of the fast of Rainazan has for the moment put a stop to the political activity of Staniboul. Mlost people have retired to their country seats. to be more at their ease during this trying period, which, like most things here, has rather degenerated, and from a period of abstinence, so advantageous to health in a hot climate, has become a time of feasting, differing from other feasts only so far that it continues all night long, which makes it advantageous to the medical men, who have always much more to do at this than at any other time. And yet this is no time for feasting and indigestion; on the contrary, for -vigilance and sobriety. The peace may have settled the Eastern question for Europe, for aiught I know, but it has brought no solution for Turkey. That solution can and must come only from herself, not from others, and until this is attained Turkey will always remain a shuttlecock, thrown about now by one, now by another party. With the peace it seems that all the useful improvements which have been introduced during the war are again to fall into decay. Among the number of theseis the'reorganizationof Turkisharmyhospitals by the British medical staff, sent out just a year ago. To speak of the wretched organization of the medical service of the Turkish army, of the corruption which cheats the soldier of every comfort and deprives him even of the most necessary articles, of the ignorance of the medical men, and of the dreadful mortality in consequence of it, would be superfluous; they are only too well known. To counteract, and if possible to remedy this evil, the British Government sent out last year a staff of medical officers whose inunediate duty it was to organize the medical department of the arny under Omar Pasha's orders. Scarcely ever did there seem an 'undertakinge more hopeless than the mission of the medical staff. They were sent out with the idea that the Turkish commander had applied for their assistance, and wlhen they came out they found not only that the Sirdar Ekrem had never applied for them, but that he had not even knownanything of their appointment.They arrived at Eupatoria with 40 tons of medicines and medical comforts as all their materiel. The first point seemed to be to establish their position and to get recognized in the capacity in which they had been sent out. Theyfound very little encouragement inthemilitary authorities and the greatest possible opposition among the medical men of the Turkish army, who, besides professional jealousy, had apprehensions about losing the profits -which they made by the hospital administration, in case the English surgeons should be admitted to share their labours. These difficulties were not a little increased by mis- taken ideas which some of the staff had broughit out, with them, and who took umbrage at every slight cause, often accidental, and construed it into an intentional insult. The consequence was that the first two months passed in a continual correspondence between the chief of the medical staff and the Turkish military authorities. The case seemed hopeless, and every- body despaired of the British medical staff. For-; tunately for them, Dr. Farquhar, vho has had' long practice in Eastern hospitals, having been for years at the head of the Marine Hospital at Alexandria, was not discouraged. The first step which he made showed that he understood his position. As second in ran- he was sent to organize hospitals at Varna, while the bulk of the staff; withl Dr. Fuller, the principal medical officer, remained at Eupatoria. Instead of writing to the Turkislh authorities, and waiting for their answer3, which in most cases never came, Dr. Farquihar set earnestly to work. He had the hospitals cleaned, on his own responsibility, improved the system of: diet, in spite of the outcries of the Turkish officials,'i and in less than six weeks succeeded so well that the patients when they arrived at Varna all thronged to the English hospitals, and while the, surgeons who had remained at Eapatoria, or who came afterwards down to Balaldava, had the greatest difficulty in getting a single :patient, his wards were so filled that he had to put up tents outside the towvn to receive them. It was only when the expedition' sailed for -Mingrelia that Dr. Farquharfs knowledge of the East and energy had full scope. He was put in charge of the whole staf, and received orders to organize' the hospitals. Batoum, Trebizonde, and Sinope were the places designated for their site. The first had' to be given up on account of its unhealthy situation; but Trebizonde and Sinope have become, according' to all accounts, models of hospitals. In Trebizonde the quarantine building was ap-; propriated for the purpose. It contains 560 beds,' and has been in operation since November 25 of! last year. On the arrival of the British medical; staff there were only rooms sufficient for 40 pa-' tients, the present large wards of the hospital having been used as storerooms and warehouses; the floors of them were rotten, and the roof breaking. Dr. Farquhar arrived in the beginning of November, and in the space of three weeks he had all' the stores and ammunition removed, the whole of, the rooms floored and the roof repaired, 560 wooden bedsteads constructed, together with the bedding; baths and washhouses were erected in rooias opening out of the wards, and the whole system of sewerage and drainage was remodelled, with arrange-' ments for heating andlighting the wards. Of course all this could only be effected by the utmost energy, and, were the proofs not extant, it would seem impossible to any ono who know-s Turkish officials; but Dr. Farquhar ably assisted by Dr. Buzzard and Dr. Edgel, the latter of whom fell a victim to typhus, was every morning on the spot, and. was not afraid to compromise his dignity by.lyina hand to the work. ' I From the day this hospital was opened up to the 25th of April 2,400 patients were admitted. Besides 'this hospital there are two large house in| the town for the reception of patients discharged1i convalescent, where they remaiu for a week before I returningto theirreggiments. There is another additional hospital in the town, containing 170 beds, with every convenience, as in the quarantine hospital, so that there were as many as 730 beds at the disposal of theBritishmedical staff atTrebizonde. At Sinope Dr. Lemesurier has, under the direction of Dr. Farquhar, prepared likewise 500 beds, but, owing to its being rather out of the way, there were only about 100 sent there. Now the British medical staff is recalled, and all these improvements will in a few months be ruinedc! MAY 12. On Saturday last, the 10th inst., a grand review of the Contiugent Cavalry was held at Tutschuk Tchekmedje. Mfore slowly formed than the infantry, and after the departure of the latter sent off to encamp near one of the little out-of-the-way bays on the -western shore of the Sea of Marmora, the process of its formation was carried on in silence, and coulld not be followed step by step. This, as well as the thought that this body of troops is on the: eve of returning again to the ranks of the Turkish army, increased the interest in the last display, which was at the same time the ,first in which the whole body of the Contingent Cavalry made its appearance in public. There is rather a tendency at Constantinople to bring on every occasion the corps diplomatique to the foreground, to make of every trifle a diplomatic question, and to convert every display into a diploniatic festivaL It was a proof of good taste to break through this habit for once, as it would have been -somewhat of a satire to show off the Turkish Contingent before those who seemed so convinced from the beginning that it would be a failure. The absence of the diplomatists made the review essentially an Anglo-Turkish display. A steam tug, put by Admiral Grey at the disposal of the Ambassador, took the latter and suite, General Storks, Sir Stephen Lakeman (latelyarrived), CountZamoys]ii, and severalother.militaryand naval men, while the Seraskier, with his suite, followed in anotlher. The Sirdar Ekrem was expected, but intoxicated, probably, by the sweetness of his honeymoon, he foumd no time to come to this military show, which ought to have interested him more than anybody, as his cavalry has always been the most inefficient part of his army. Two hours and a half of steaming, in which the wholei panorama of Stamboul in the) morning sun .gradually rolled out before the eye, brought the steamers to the bay, or rather roadstead, of Kutschuk Tchekmedje. After rounding the northern promontory, the first object which caught the eye was the splendid liner PrincessRoyal, in all her quiet majesty, which, cruising in the Sea of Marmora, had cast anchor in the bay. Next appeared the village of Bujuk Tchekmedje, perched on a cliff to the left, witlh its fancifully shaped houses in red, yellow, and brown, on one of which the Sardinian flag was displayed, the sign of some Consular authority; further to the right three picturesque Turkish bridges, witlh their pointed arches, thrown across an arm of the sea extending far inland, and aflordingrich booty to the fisherman; and behind this the village of Kutschluk Tchekmedje, half hidden by the rising ground around. Quite close to the shore a large num;ber of haystacks rose, as it were, out of the sea. All the country down to. the Dardanelles is rich pasture ground, part of which, farmed by the English and FRench Commissariat, supplied the greater part of the native hay used for the horses of the allied armies.. It is pressed on the spot, and then sent off. The Princess Royal supplied the boats for landing th,e party from the steamers. General Shirley, with -his staff and ant escort, was already waiting on shore, and received the Ambassador on the jetty, gaily dressed up with the redc- flags of a double rolv of Lancers. Horsesawerein readiness, andsoonthe whole cavalcade set off for the neighbouring plateau where' the re+iew 'was to be held. its passage through the town of Rutschuk Tchekmedje attracted the whole population to the windows. One cannot say that the presence of the Contingent CavaLry has been an epoch of great improvement in the external appearance of the town; for, except sundry portraits of Her M1ajesty in gold, and a numiber of labels designatimg the market-place, with its plane tree, as Charing-cross, the main street as Stamboul, another as South-street, and again another as Grub-street, nothing wiU remain to recall the memory of the Contingent Cavalry to the future inhabitants of Kutschuk Tchekmedie. * Immediately behind the town the country begins to rise amphitheatricallyto the height of about 1,200 feet, until it reaches an extensive plateau, which extends nearly without, interruption from Constantinople dowvn to the DardaneUes. This plateau was the ground chosen for the review, and it would be difficul. to find anywhere a spot more adapted for the displayof acavalry force; miles of turf extended as far as the eye could reach,with the walls and minarets of Stamboul enclosing the horizon on one hand and the Sea of MIarmora on the other. During the winter the cavahly was distributed in the neighbouring villages, but since the fine weather has set in they have been encamped on this plateau, which at this time of the year, before the heat of the summer has set in, can scarcely be surpassed for healthiness and convenience. The proceedings, as usual, began by the Ambassador passing down the line to the sound of one of those nonidescript military marches for which Turkish bands are famous, and in which noise and false notes form the most promainent features. This passing along the- line was the most favourable moment for observing the appearance of the men and horses, and this was quite satisfactory. It miight have convinced any one that the efforts ,made to form out of the neglected and irregular-looking Turkish troops a regular cavalry force were not throwin away. The means of comparison were on the spot. Three of the regiments, one of Chasseurs and two of Lancers, who formed the 'right wing, had been under the direction of the British officers from the beginning, while the three other regiments have only lately been given over, and even a non-military eye could detect the difference. It was not only in their dress and accoutrements that the difference showed itself, it was even more in the soldierlile look of the men. I was especially struck in this respect by the first regiment, - compesed mostly of Anatolians, small and wirymen, 'sitting their horses as if they formed part of them; they had entirely lost that indolent, ennnyg look, which stamps, so to say, the words "forced conscription" on the face of the Turkish soldier, and impresses even a casual observer forcibly with the idea j that love and pride of the profession are not among the attributesof theNizamsoldier. Without adopting that daring and recldess gait which distinguishes the Bashi Bazouk, who has heart and soulin his profession, or imitating the janty air of crack European cavalry regiments, they' had acquired that bold but unpretending and natural look which is usually only found among veteran soldiers. The changes in the dress and accoutrements which -have been adopted are decidedly improvements. First among these are the boots. The Turkish Government seems to proceed -upon the principle that' -a cavalry soldier being always supposed to be on horseack good- boots are superfluities, and of' alln ill-shod' Turlish soldiers the cavalry soldier has always been the worst shod. Inimitationof absurd .:uropeannotions the Government gave him trousers with straps, and low shoes scarcely rising above the instpep; the bad ioth was torn after a few days., %A then you had the curious sight of a cavalryregiment withtheir trousers comingup nearly to their knees. The boot, with the trousers stuck, in was thereforo a veryreasonable improvementasregards appearance, and it gave them at the same time a better seat. The brown undyed leather belts for the pouches, instead of the pipeclayed ones, is another improvemuent, so is the leather valise instead of the cloth one. A further improvement for both men and horses is the new- bridle, instead of the hideous instruments of torture supplied by the Turkish Government. Although the Turldsh soldier will never be taught to use the snaffle, yet the more regular and natural gait of the horses during the manceuvres showed that the new bridle has given the soldier a lighter hand, and consequently more power over his horse. After this inspection came the marching. AM the six regiments formed in columns of squadrons, and passed first at a walk and then at a trot. The c2isemlile was realy very good. The distances were well kept, and the riding unexceptionable. I saw with pleasure that General Shirley has modified the long stirrups in which the poor Turkish soldier is taught to balance his slipper under the direction of his native instructors, the consequence of which is that the Turkish cavalry soldier, who has probably passed half his life on horseback beforehe entered the army, has 'usually the worst possible seat. The Shortening of the stirrup gives him back his natural seat, and makes him again at home on his horse. When tlle troops had marched past the manceuvres began. Xanceuvring against an imaginary enemy is one of those displays in which even professional people are sometimes puziled to find a meaning, but where it is cavalry manceuvring it compensates for this want by the beauty of the sight. General Shirley did his part admirably, and gratified the spectators with every kind of cavalry movement; skirmishing, charging, wheeling about, changing front,-everything was comprised in his manceuvres. No European cavalry need have been ashamed of the manner in which most of the manceuvres were executed; it was a convincing proof that Turkish cavalry, in good hands, is well fit for mancouvring, which al those who have seen them handled by their native officers during the war might have doubted. When the manceuvring was over everybody retired to a luncheon prepared in General Shirley's house, which was protracted until 7 o'clock, and at which several speeches were made appropriate to the occasion by the Ambassador, the Seraskier, and General Shirley, and this concluded the proceedings. In a short time the Contingent Cavalry will be given back to the Ttukish Government, and this ,review may be said to have been its funeral procession. From all I can hear it seems that the Turkish Government intends to disband all the regiments which have formed the Turkish Contingent, as they are supposed to have acquired ideas and wants which are incompatible with the system prevalent in the rest of the army. Of course, the Turks ought to be the best judge about the spirit of the Turkish army, but every, wellwisher of Turkey ought to hope that the Seraskier, who witnessed the display of the cavalry on Saturday, will have regarded it, not as a formal ceremony, but as a thing full of meaning, which might be turned to considerable profit for the -whole Turkish army. No other institution requires, perhaps, greater reform in Turkey than the army, and this reform cannot be carried out unless the whole system be changed. But this is not the work of a day, and until a maii can be found who has the genius of organizing the immense -warlike resources of this country the practical improvements which have been introduced by the British officers of the Contingent can never be extended to the whole army; but, if this be done, the officers of the Turkish Contingent may console themselves for not having had occasion to win laurels, for they wil have been the means of laying the foundation of a reformed Turkish army. The passage of thLe British troops still continues. Within the last fewv days the 7lith and 62d :Foot passed through here. Of the cavalry the 12th Lancers and the 3d Dragoon Guards are under orders to embark: the former for India, the latter for England. On Friday, about noon, a fire broke out at the barracks of Daoud Pasha, which lasted the -whole afternoon, and consumed the entire building, of which only the four walls remain. These barracks were used by the French as a hospital for convalescents, of whom 500 were in the place. They were aU saved, and so were some of the stores. According to an official letter which has reached the Porte, the Russians have made a sally fromone of their frontier fastnesses on the Kuban with several battalions andfour guns, andattacked andtook, after an obstinate fight, a Circassian village, taking several prisoners, and burning the village; after which they retired, carrying off several thousand head of cattle. The Circassians, at the news of this ra7zia, came in to Anapa and asked Sefer Pasha, the Turkish commander of the place, to take. measures for preventing a similar occurrence in future. Yesterday (Whit Sunday) the bels rang for the first time on the shores of the Bosphorus inviting the faitlhful to Protestant worship. The chapel at Ortakoi was opened. I wrote to you before how it was entirely got up by private subscription, and how, unnoticed alnd unaided, the English colony of Ortakoi decided to -wave all sectarian differences, and to unite in building a suitable place of Divine worship; they have completely succeeded, and it would be difficult to imagine anything more simple, tasteful, and suitable to the purpose, namely, to serve as a temporary church. It is situate on one of the highest points above Orrakoi, comnnanding a beautiful view over the lower part of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn. The style of the building is early Gothic, a simple parallelogram, with a porch on one, side. All gaudiness has been avoided, and simplicity assumed as the ruling principle, and the effect is charming. On entering it youwould thinkyourself transported to some humble church in Old England. The interior is not yet quite fitted up, but sufficiently finished not to disappoint the good people of Ortakoi, who were promised t< have their new church opened on Whit Sunday. a harmonium, assisted by some clarionets, played by musicians from Her MIajesty's ship Queen, acted a the organ. M1r. Blakiston, the Chaplain of theEmt bassy, read the forenoon sermon, and MDr. Cutis; that in the afternoon. As a good number of English came from Pera to attend the inauguration of this first place of worship, after the liturgy of thf Church of England a third service was held for the regular congregation in the evening. The church is capable of holding 120 or 130 people. TelC regular French mailboat Danube, due oui Saturday last, has ruin on shore, and the mails have been brought on by a man-of-war.
ART Ai\ D TASm IN THoUSsmOLD FUP-NM=GS.- -It is assuredly to be regretted that so little has been done to produce hou.sehold fittings Inoderate in price, and at the same time unobjectionable in form and decoration. Wewill suppose that you are furnishing a room, Of course, as in every good design, your work being viewed as a vrhole, it is to have its points of greater and lesser prominence, and its relieving surfaces' undecorated. Proceeding on such principle, we will say yon come to the fire place. You want a fender, and it stits your schemo to have it good, but undecorated.. ~lVere can you procure such an article ? You will require it made to ordbr, just as mnch as in the case of the most ambitious production. Yenders nizy be bought for 7s,'6d.-but such fenders all attempt as much as those costing SM. ; and,-ef course, faUlure in the effect which they profess is borne upon the faee of the objeeL So we-say in everything that $heroom requires-evetything pretends to be' ornamenthl.yet is obviously not so; nd 'everything procurable, even supposing it good iet 4e7 is designed as a distinct thing, instei;i of with some regird io: thefact that i.t willbe apartdf "a whole. 'W:hat artistoQd think of pa.intiniga piotie wlieie evesy figure shou1d:seein to be striving forp omijsence9,-TlBuildcr. *
TB. ARBY IN THS CBIMEA. - GNMERA OTR-nv.R. ead-quarters, astopol, Maya4. No. L Itis notified, for the guidance of iers commainiin eients detailed for the Meditrranean, that all officeis QCrieambark with their regiments, except those detained fdr Etaff cuty or attached to the Land Transport Corpe n All -the non-commilsaioned officers and soldiers wil embark, except those specially orderedl t remain in the Cimea, or the servants of officers employed permanently on the staff. or vith the Land Transport Corps. Instrnct r the disposl of supernu su boyshner Officers commanding at the respectve stftiows, No.d2. The 63 Regiment will embatk in e Andes- to 62p Regiment in the Appes; the 17th Regiments Puite Robert Lowe. The Quaaiermaster-General i- a- l necessary arrangements. ~mk l No.'3. Supernumerary officers and soldiers who remain iti the Crimea on the embariation of their regiments will be attached as folows :-d Regiment, to the 20th Regiment; the 62d Reziment, to the 4t Regiment;m the r1t liXa maent, to th 20th Regimnent. No. 4. As a supply of su m pyer trowsers may shortly lie ep;eted to rrive for tjeoi senof the 2 troops, officers corn suaningregment ofInfntrywil atonce send a.return to, No .Captain Goron WarDeartmles 3dRslt, Baainvstatng thed poable-dnCmbe requIajr-ednbyrth Lresetv corps. Pauendin rate of Ss t 4d. sal ,l No. S. Bieutenilanjr Robertson, Royli Engineers, hai succeeded to the command of the Royal Sapper an Miners, may draw the usual pay accordingly from theIst of Mlay. No. 6. Captand eothingham, Soots FusJeer Guards, '-will proceed to Engeand to join the 2dt Battalion, to twhich he has been posted. No. 7. Captain B. Granville, 23 Regiment, is ap111non6 Aide.de-Cam~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ to Major-General Lord William ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-enrauLretWlla aided f,e-Casna Catai fUjro th 2t o ar C.N., Lith tne usual allowances, vice Captain Tu^% S9th Regiment, ftom the 27th of ApriLu C No. S. ideutenant Wheatley, ILE., is appointedl Actinge Adjutant to a detachment of two comnanies of the Royal Sappers and Miners at Soutan, and toa receive Cowanm accordingly from the Sth of April. NTo.9. Assistant Staff-Sur-eono Thomas N. Shiell's resg nation ha-ving been acpte , his name is struck D opffetyho strength of this army from this date. N,To. 10. Second-class Staff-Surgeon J. Jackzson, wfi ta'ke miaedical charge of the 4th Battalion of the Land Transport oRos de Ieutenant the Hon. S. Ward, 72d Reginmeit, being in command of a. company, may draw field allowances and forage as a Captain from the 28th of March. No. 12. Leave of absence is granted to Captain Tuppe. 3Sth-Regiment, to theS th of August; Captain oroLe; 934. Regiment, to the 5th of August; Captain Cornwall, 93d Regiment, to the 5th of August; and to Paymaster Cartmail, 71stRegioment, to the 5th of August, duiaainsrose absence and on-whose responsibility Captain Loftus, 7a negiment, will act as Regimental Paymaster; Deputy-Commissar dGeneral-Turner, to proceed to England; on arrival h. wil report himself to the Adjutant-General. No. 13. Thefollowing soldier is appointed clerk in a milustar Bdartmen tLance Corporal J. Tomey,e S2d Regiment, is.ffd a-day froma the 0th of April. By order, C. A. 1WNDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 5.- No. 1. A generza court martial ill assiuble at hd.ir rarters, at 11ea.m., on Welnesday next, the 7th of May, for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought befoArei. Preident, Brigadier-Generae l the Hon. A. Spencer, C.B; two Efield-ofiers, 8tw csaptain, and one-subaltern from the FirkstDivision; one ield-officejor, ad three captains froa the Second Division; one fithEldoscr, l bthree captains, and one sBrialtern from the Light Division;total, 14. Deputy Judg-AdOQicae,rWs G tomainen thesq. Memtber Mnamaes land dates of t commissionsgtben sentldinto the AdjutantGeneral's office by 12 o'clock, on Tuesday, th of Alay. - No.2. Captain Hamilton, Srth Regimient, supernumnerary of his rank wanith the ser-ice companies, will proceed to MIalta. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted to Captain C. Hurt, Nst Battalion, 1st tRegiment, to the 10th of July; Captain Dunbar, m d Regiment, to the 15th of August; Lieutenant Duff, 02nd Regiment, to the 5th of July. By order, C. A. 71-NDHAMT, Chief of the Staff.-' Head-quaroters, Sebastopol, A lay 6.l No. 1. The under-mentioned officers, hating joined their re ents on emn arcation for England, are discontinudd from the staff of this army from the 25th of April:Brigadier-General Shewell, C.B., Sth Huosars t Lieutennt C. Heneage, 8th Hussars, Aide-de-Camp; Brevet-MaJor Tomkinson, Sth Hussars, Major of Brigade. No. 2. The 8t- Hussis and 17th Lancers havink -embarked for England, the 10th Hussars wi be attached to 2d Brigade of the Cavalry Division. No. 3. Officers nishing to senld their Borses to Por England by private arrangement, should communicate waith Mr. T. E. Glover, obn board the steamhip antelopene.n Balakiava Harbour. Mr. Glover wl be in attendance itt Metasrs. Crockford and'Co.'s store in the camip, on Wedit~sday noon, the 7th inst., togive inforatiorn asto terms, &c. No. 4. Assistant-Surgeon Wright, Royal Artillery, will take medical charge of B troop, Royal Hore Artelmbr,.n No. 5. Assistant-Sur.eon Sharp, Royal Artillery, Wil tale melical charge of PBattery, Rioyal Artilleury. NIo. 6. Assistant-Sur-geon Hearn, Royal Artillery, will be attached to the Hfead-quarters of the I`oyal Artillery. No. 7. Ae istant-Si-geon Wright, 20thRegiment, having been present in the Crimea, and not aving received field allo-wance, may draw the same accordin to rank- fr the quarter ending theal 0th of SSieutepautember;, 18otsFusiler5. u meno. Ensign C h. Pip 46 the havifngodreawfeld tgaulloO f absenceing g ntdis trhe foernatheqlonse endingier ua(s.t the 30th of Sepemerv155 No.e9. ietndenant ColoneH. Hm Ciueldin, 9Clclst rJohn eart,av ig lefth 1otn carge ast theultenint sraic, foegto rego. 1. Leaentto tabenc is gAteusd toLienteant-ouaoser Knox, 50th Regiment, to the 10th of September; and, at the recommendation of a medical heard, to Lieutent.5t Ernest Henry, 724 Regiment, to proceed to Eugland;, aon arriva he wl repof-thiselfto theAdjutant-General No. 3. A medlioa boardc will assemble to inquire into t1e state of health of Lieutenant Knox, Scots Fusiloer GUards. The principal medcdal officer will o pleased to give -thie necessary directions. t By order, C. A. WINDHA`I, Chief of the Staff. MIay 7. No. 1. The Fiel-Marshal Commandcin-in-Clhief has befn pleased to grant leave or f absence; util tmbe destinations-of their regiments are known, to Lieutenant-Colonel Johnstone, 33I Regisment; Mcajor Ruttledge, 17th Regiment; Captin Mclen, 1t Bttalon,1st egient; Lieutainr;bt parke, thenRegioment;oand,of inextenaudion, to taymaster aRoche 34h Regdsimngt, ohed 2thesls of July.in aNo.2. The resignationsf his grappoinentd by to .. i celitdroergr ofintrrter toth Bri.tish Germa Legalon,ti accepted No. 3. Leave of absence is grntea to Major Roney, 1st JagerReginient, British German-Legion, to the 31st ofaJly; Lieutenant Basson, 2d light Infantry. Britih1 Germ=n Legion, to theIst of July; Purveyor's Clerkt J. Johistdn, to the-20th of May; on miedical certificate lo Dispoterlof Medicinies Brewer, to the 15th of May ; in extgensio oud Cornet wV il in, pith Husslars, to teo the of mla; at thoe recommendation of a medihl beard to Acting AbsistantSrgeon Cruice, from the isth of April, to proceed to Enganddon arrival he wveill report himself to the AdjuttanGeneral. Bay order, 0. A. seviDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Heacl-quarter, May S.. N ko. 1. The Commander of the Forces hias received from Her Majesty's Governmenta certin number of decoratioiLs of military war mredals of France, wudeih have been granfid by his Imperial wlajesty the Emperor to be distributed anong theno-commisaioned officers andmen of theEnglish army who have distin.uished themselves in the Crimeea. campai gn. The medals are grantedl only to non-coqninisthoned officers anwd privates; but if gaoant and distinguisbed service in the Criuea and against the enemiy has been performedl by any non-commissioned officer or private, who has subsequently obtained 'a Cosamisson such officer is elig-ible for the distinction.- Those who have been already recommnended for other foreign decorations should not bye considered eligible for the 3militarywarinedal, except in very-speciatlcase,;, the grounds of which nmust be previously referred to the Commiandier of the -Forces. A proportion of the medals having been retamned at home for distribution at the depOts, those lhere a-warded will he given only to non-coimis-ioned officers aiscl privates p resent with the service comPanics of regimients. A blank- formn will be furnishedl to commanding off'icers, to be filled up) for the number of decorations awarded to each regiment. The selection will be made by comimanding officers, -with the greatest care and attention ; and inl filling up the form miinute details will he given as to the service before the enemy, daLte, occasion, and whether perormnned inL the earlier actions of the ca-mpaign, in the trenches, or ini assalult during the siege, thus satisfying themselves'bytheir own knowledge, by records, or by strict inquiry front those officers who were peet that this honourable dis- on the field. These medals will be presented on a public parade, as general officers commnanding divisions and corps may direct. No. 2. Care is to be tak-en by commanding officers amD paymasters of regiments that in all documents relating 'to a ldiers transferred from the service company to the dep3ts or to the invalided dep6t at Chatham the niamie of the vessael in which the muan embarks is invariably inserted. No. 3. Invalids from Divisions as follo ws:-From First Division, 20 ; Highland ditto. 10 ; Second Highland ditto, 46; Brigadier-General Trollope's Brigade, 13; -Ith Division, 33; Ligt ditto, 3; Royal Sappers and Miners, 1; RoyalArtillery, 13; Balal-lava Hospital, 74; Monastery, 23,; Commissariat BIk-ers,3; total, 240; will embark in the Melbourne on Saturday, the 10th inst., for England, under charge of Lieutenant Harvest, 89th Regiment. Nominal rolls and No. 1 repor~ts will be sent before 12 o'clock on that day to Staff-Paymaster Macdonnell, Balalavra. Nominal rolls and ration certificates will be also sent with the soldiers at the time of embarcation to Lieutenant H1arvest, 89th Regiment, in military charge of detachments on board the Melbourne. No. 4. Acting Second-clasm Staff Sugeon V. Hughes wi proceed to England with inralids, on board the tran.Vort steam-ship Melbourne. No. 5. The follouwing officers will proceed-to England, the force to which they have been attached having been broken up :-Geseral Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B.; Lietenaint MUson, 72d Regiment, Aide-de-Camp ; Lieutenant-Colonel Sterlin&, unattached, Asistant-Adjutant-General. NO. . Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant-Colonel Warre C. B., 57th Regiment, tothe 31st of July ;lieitenan - Shaw, of the 21st Regiment, to the 30th of June-: at the Tecommenda'ion o' i medical board, to Assitant-Surgeoj,
SIIR COLIiY CAPBELL AVD THE HIGHLANVD BRIGADE. The following is a copy of the Generars address to his soldiers described in the letter of our special correspondent yesterday:- "1 Soldiers of the 42d, 79th, and 93d, Old Highland Brigade, with whom I passed the early and perilous part of this war, I have now to taLe leave of you-in a few hours I shall be on board ship, never to see you again as a bodya long farewell ! I am now old and shall not be caled to serve any more, and nothing will remain to me but the aremory of my campaigns, and of the enduring, hardy, and generous soldiers with whom I have been associated, whose nanme and glory wil long be kept alive in the hearts of our countrymen. When yon go home, as you gradually fulfil your term of service, each to his family and his cottage,you wiU tell the story of your immortal advance in that victorious echelon up the heights of Alma, and of the old brigadier who led you and loved you so well. Your chldren and your children's children vwill repeat the tale to cther generations, when only a few lines of history will remain to record the discpline and enthusiasm which have borne you so stontly to the end of this war. Our native land wiall never forget the name of the lIighland Brigade, and in some future war that nation will call for another one to equal this, which it can never surpass. Though I shall be gone, the thought of you will go vwith me wherever I may he, and cheer my old age with a glorious recollection of dangers affronted and hardships endured. A pipe will mever sound near nie without carrying me back to those bright days when I was at your head, and wore the bonnet you gained for me, and the honourable distinctions on my breast, many of which I owe to your conduct. Brave soldiers, and kind comrades,-Farewell ! C. CAMIPBEI, Major-General,"
SOUTHEBN ITfLY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As much attention is now tarned to the condition of the southern Italian States, I think- it will interest your readers to hear of the secret gaol- delivery that is going on in the Legations. It appears that every night some 10 or 12 personss are handed across the frontier near PL-toia by the Papal police, and deEvered over to tne Tuscan gensdarmnes. They are conveyed to Leghorn, where they are put on board an American vessel lying in the harbour, which has been chartered for the purpose by the Holy Father. The persons -who are thus transferred to the Tuscan authorities are political prisoners, most of whom have been for seven years nndergoing the awful punishment of confinement in the 15apal prisons without having been tried for any offence, or in many cases even knowing the crime with which they are charged. Ruined in their worldly prospects, broken in mind and body, it appears that the alternative is now offered them of perpetual imprisonment or perpetual exile. The ship on board which they are conveyed is destined to take them to Australia. As we may by and bye hear much of the paternal clemency of his Holiness on the occasion of an amnesty 'which may be extorted from him by pressure from without, it may be as weU to point out how he is preparing for such an event. The fact has come to my knowledge from a source that justifies me in saying that I entirely believe it. I may add, that public opinion here is much alarmed, as it is generally believed that the Grand Duke, who is now at Pome, is negotiating a Concordat similar to that concluded with Austria, which will involve the repeal of the leopoldine laws, the Mortmain Act, and what defences they now possess against that worst of all oppressions, the tyranny of the yriestihood. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A. B. .orence, 1ay 1v.
DISEMBODIMENT OF THE MILITIA IN THE AGRICU.LTURAL COUZNTIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Government would confer a great benefit upon the country generally, and the farmers espedally, by the immediate dizembodiment of all the militia regiments in England Ekich have been raised in the agricultural districts. Wages of youths from 17 to 20 years of age (of which elss the militia is principally composed) have never been k}own to be so high as at the statutes recently held in IdnvoInshire for the hiring of farm servants. Manual labour is Wanted on the land at the present time. A mnonth or six weeks hence the growing crops of grain will love advanced so mutch that it wil then be more injurious than beneficil to the corn to attemptto eradicate the weeds Withwhich any railway traveUer may in a short time, when the weeds come into Bower, see that the and swarms. I am, Sir, your ebedient servant. A -. AkUa1.ko WY YEARs' STA-Tn'I JUY-2?v
I APPEALS. EtOUSE OF LORDS. MAY 23. SAYER V. EP.ATlT,PV Their Lordships sat this morning for the purpose of hearing further arguments in this cause. On,the arguments being concluded, The LORD CHANCELLOR put a question to tbe leaned Judges of the common law courts, who were in attendance, involving the points in the case. The learned Judges took time for the consideration of their opinions.
LA PI REPORT. I COURT OF CANCERY. LrNcoLN's-mN. MA.9 25 LADY LANGDMUE V. BRIGGS I (Before the LORDS JusTIcEs of APPEATA Their Lordships were engaged the whole day in hearing the further arguments in this appeal from a decision of ViceChancellor Stuart, which argumeents were commenced yesterday. Mr. Rolt and Mr. Walford appear for the anpellant; Mr. Wigram, Mr. Elmsley, MIr. Selwyn, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Toller, Mr. W. R. Ellis, Mr. Shapter, Mr. Martineau, and other counsel were for the other parties.
I ROLLS' COURT. CACERY-LAsm MAAY 23. WMCHELO V. THE BRIGIITON AND HOVTH WATERWORKS I CO%TPA\W (Before the MASTER of the ROTTTS.i This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the above company from enclosing a reservoir, under the following circumstances :-In the year 1836 three acres of land at Brighton were conveyed to the company by a deed, which gave them power to erect upon it a reservoir to supply the neighbourhood with water, and which limited the height of the works and the entrance-gates of the reservoir to parti. cular proportions, so as not to interfere with the value of the adjoining property. The deed in question then proceeds as foows:-" And the company further covenant, &-c., that they will not erect, make, or set up any erections or building whatever upon the said piece of land, except the aforesaid walls and entrance-gates, and except the reservoir as then constructed thereon." The company lately have resolved to cover in the reservoir, which has hitherto been open, and the plaintiffs, who have an interest in the adjoining property, and who represent the original proprietor of the land upon which the reservoir is erected, object to their doing so,-first, because the reservoir, uncovered, has hitherto been regarded by the neighbourhood as an open ornamental piece of water, and closing it up would materially deteriorate the value of the property in its vicinity; and, secondly, because they say the company are precluded by the clause cited above from altering the appearance of the reservoir, but are bound to keep it exactly in the form in which it was constructed in 1836. His Hlosour. held that it had not been made out to the satisfaction of the Court that the property adjoining the reservoir would suffer any material damage by the reservoir being enclosed; and that the deed of conveyance of 1836 did not preclude the company from making such reasonable alteration, by way. of improvement, in the reservoir as they might be advised. The motion must therefore be refused. Mr. Roupell and Mr. George Simpson appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. R. Palmer and Mr. Renshaw for the company. BtE COSOMOPOLITAN LIE INSURANCE COMtPANY. This was a petition for winding up the above company, which has recently been set on foot for carrying on the business of life assurance in France and other foreign countries on the English system. The company had broken dowvn, and for all practical purposes was at an end. The COuRT made the usual order for winding up. Mr. R. Palmer, Mr. H. Stevens, Mr. Roxburgh, Mr. Deere Salmon, and Mr. Peachey appeared in the cause.
I VIC E-CT-ANCET.OR' cnrT.TR lfv - LYALL V. PAEON. (Before VWce-Chavncdlr Sir R. T. nL]s,DEMIXY.) 'This was a question of domicile. The testator in the suit being a Scotchman, in 1807 left Scotland intending to go to India, but the ship being wrecked upon the French coast, he was detained prisoner in that couutry until 1815, when he resumed his journey to India. settled at Calcutta as a merchant, and amassed considerable property. In 1836 he took his passage for Englandfor the benefit of his health, went on board ship, but died on the voyage, having made his will, whereby he left 50,000 sicca rupees to his natural children upon attaining 25. This suit was instituted for the administration of his estate, and the fund in question was paid into court until the legatees should attain 25. That period having arrived, a petition was presented, praying for payment to one of the legatees free of legacy dutv, on the assumption that the testator's domiicile was Indian, and not Scotch. Mr. Anderson and 3fr. T. Stevens appeared in support of the petition. TAIr. HANssoN, for the Crown, contended that there was a sufficient anisnus revertenwji shown to fix the donmicile as Scotch, although there was an absence of evidence, and therefore it was expedient that inquiries should be made. Mr. A?NDERSOy was heard in reply. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said his opinion was that the testator had acquired an Anglo-Indian domicile by the resumptition of his journey to that country after an interruption of so many years; but, as there was some difficulty on the' question of the asimnses rere,fendi, some further information mnst be obtained on that subject. LS THE MANLTTER OF ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH CO25PA?tY OF IRELSND. Mr. Glasse and MMr. Roxbnrgh appeared upon a petition to wind up this company, which was constituted by act of Parliament, and registered in 1852, but had become incapable of carrying on its affairs by reason of the expenses incurred in laying down three lines of telegraph and the pressure of creditors. The capital was stated at 40,0001., in 4,000 shares. It now appeared that a similar petition was actuaUy in course of bein" heard at Rolls, whide it was said for the petitioners was unknowvn to the petitioner. Mr. Selwyn appeared for the petitioner at the Rolls. The VIcE-CHAxc=Lor. thought that piri246 facie in such a case as this, at all events, this Court ought to hold its hand until one of the petitions was transferred; he certainly should make no order now. If the Master of the Rolls sugested any course, whether by taking the matter to the lords Justices or otherwise, whereby the petitiosis should be heard together, he should concur in that course. The petition then stood over. (Before fice-Ch7ancellor Sir J. STUART.) HODSON- V. DUCE. This was a demurrer. The bill contained statements to the following effect:-By an orderof the Insolvent Debtors' Court, dated in August, 1841, all the real and personal estate of the defendant was vested in an assignee. Previously, and up to the date of the order, the defendant was seised of certain lands and houses, situate at Birmingham, which were sold by the assignee in insolvency to the plaintiffs. Since the year 1845, the defendant, with a number of other persons employed by him, had, upon several occasions taken forcible possession of the premises sold to the plaintiffs, and had committed divers acts of trespass, and by force of threats and by the nuisance and annoyance occasioned to the tenants of the houses had succeeded in obtaining sums of money from them, which the plaintiffs had been compelled to deduct from the amount of rent payable to them by the tenants. In August, September, October, and November, 1852, those acts of trespass and outrage were of such frequent occurrence that the plaintiffs were compelled to keep men to protect the possession of their tenants, and were put to considerable expense thereby; and notwithstanding the defendant and other persons employed by him assembled in great numbers, and committed divers acts of trespass and waste upon the premises, by destroying the fixtures thereon belonging to the plaintiffs, and so annoyed the plaintiffs' tenants, thatthey gave notice to leave, and had left the premises occupied by them. The bill prayed for an injunction to restrain the defendant from committing any act of trespass, damage, or waste upon the said premises, or any part thereof, and from in anywise interferig with the possession of the premises, or with the tenants thereof. The defendant appeared in foref- pazzperis. Mr. TAYLOR and Mr. C. M. ROuLPELL, for the defendant in support of the demurrer, contended that the acts complained of by the plaintiff were trespasses, in respect of which an acion at iaw, or criminal proceedings, could be had, and were not of a nature cognizable by this Court. Mr. Craig and Mr. WVhitwortb, for the plaintiffs, were not called apon. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that as a defendant who demurred admitted the facts stated in the bill, the present defendant admitted the plaitiffs' legal title, and the injuries alle-ed against him. As there was nothingin the shape of a legalremedy wllich would give adequate relief to the plaintiffs, the demurrer must be overruled, and the plaintiffs would therefore be entitled to an injunction.
COURT OF QUEENT'S BENCH, WEs6maNSTm MAY23. (Sittings in Banco.) Xhe Court did not s.t in banco this day, Lord Campbell being engaged at the Central Criminal Court, and several of the other Judges being in attendance at the House of Lords on appeals. (Sittings at Nisi Prsus, Wefore A3r. Justice CoIER}DGE and a Common Jury.) I RING V. WHEEER. Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mfr. J. Brown appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hoggins, Q.C., and Mr. George Denman for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Michael Rich, was a man in humble circumstances, who got his living by woodchopping, and he sued the defendant, Christopher Wheeler, a fishmonger at Brixton, to recover damages for an injury done to him by the negligence of the defendant's son while driving the defendant's cart. The defendant pleaded the general issue. It appeared from the evidence given by the plaintiff, a poor Iishman, somewhat advanced in years, that on the 4th of January last he was going to East-lane, Walworth, to fetch some timber to chop up for sale. He was pushing before him a light co*termonger's wheelbarrow, the handles being in front. According to his statement he crossed over from Great Union-street towards the Causeway, and had got within five feet of the kerb on the near side of the road, when he heard somebody halloo from behind. Immediately the defendant's horse came upon his right side, knocked him down, and trampled on him. The poor man was taken to the hospital, and it was there discovered that one of the bones of the right leg, the fibula, was broken, just above the ankle. Every attention was paid to the patient, and after the lapse of nine weeks he was discharged, but he was still suffering from the effects of the injury, and was unable to followhis occupation as he had formerly done. The defendant on the night after the accident having learnt from the plaintiff's wife that her husband earned 12s. a-week, gave her 4s,, for her present need. He also visited the man in the hospital, and when he ascertained the nature of the injury which he had sustained he proposed to make his wife an allowauce of 12s. a-week for one month. The wife said this was not enough, and that she ought to get more till her husband was able to do something, and refused the offer. Nothing more being paid, the present action was brought. One or two witnesses were called in corroboration of the plaintiff's evidence, and to show that the defendant himself was not driving the cart, but that he had ntrasted the reins to his son2 who was quite lad. htr, AEaonG; for the defenant3 said tbe qmpatby shown by the defendant was no evidence that he considered himself to blame. In fact, he should call witnesses to prove that at the very time of the accident the defendant had told the plaintiff that it would not have happened but for his fault in crossingthe road and getting before the cat. Several witnesses would be called who would give an entirely different account of the affair, and their evidence would show that but for the plaintiff's own want of care this accident never could have happened. Several witnesses were then called in support of this defence, which protracted the trial, so that it occupied the .hole day. UJltimately the jury found a verdict for the plaintiffDamages, 5i. The counsel for the plaintiff applied for a certificate for costs. The learned JUDGE said he felt inclined to leave the matter as it was. Mr. HOGGLNS said the action ought never to have been brought here. A Juryman.-We are of that opinion. Tne learned JUDGE said he would decide on Monday whether he should grant a certificate for costs.
COURT OF EXCHEOUBR, FRYDAY MAY 23. (Siings at Nisi Prius, before Mr. Baron MsURT and a Connwon, Jury.) This was the first day of the sittings in Trinity Term. There were 37 causes in the list for trial, only one of which was undefended. SCAUES AND ANOTHER V. SHEIEP AN-D ANOTHER. This was an interpleader issue, brought to try the plaintiffs' right to certain goods which had been seized by the defendants. i r. Prentice appeared for the plaintiffs ; and Mr. Lush for the defendants. It appeared that a person named Meadoweroft, who had formerly been a lawyer's clerk, had unexpectedly come into a sum of 7,0001., the result of a chancery suit. According to the plaintiff? case, Meadoweroft began to lend his money ight and left to any person who chose to ask him, without taking any further security than sundry I 0 Us and bills of exchange. The family of his wife, thinkin it was a great pity that all this money should be thrown away, p reposed that he should make a post-nuptial settlement by which he was to settle 2,3001. upon his wife. IHe agreed to do so, and not having the ready money he made over his furniture and other property to the plaintiffs~ as trustees to the deed of settlement. The defendants were thelessors of an oil mill at Carshalton, which they let to MTeadoworoft at a rental of 3001. per annum. He having failed in paying his rent, they seized upon the property, which had been made over to his wife's trustees, and had put hin in prison. They had also seized certain furniture which had been placed in a house by Mr. Scales, Mrs. Meadoweroft's brother-in-law, for the purpose of her being enabled to support herself and her children during the imprisonmentof her husband. Meadowcroft himself expected to be enabled to pay the defendants in full in a short period out of money which he had lent to several persons upon bills of exchange. It was contended on the part of the defendants that the whole transaction had been got up for the purpose of defrauding the creditors of Meadoweroft. The defendants had let their mill to Meadowcroft, and when they endeavoured to get the rent paid they had had a settlement set up to prevent their obtaining it. hf. Baron MARTLN;, in sumraing up, said there were two questions for the jury to decide,-first, was the settlement upon the wife of Meadoweroft a bondyide transaction, made for the purpose of providing for her support and that of her children, or only for the purpose of cheating her husband's creditors? They must then consider whether Meadoweroft ;as, in their opinion, solvent at the period he executed that settlement. If they thought that the settlement had been made ondfifde by Meadoweroft at a period when he was solvent, then their verdict must be for the plaintiffs; if they ththey must find for the defendate. The jury immediately returned a verdict for the plain. tiffs. BUSINxss OF THE COURT. This Court will not sit to-morrow (this day), but will resume the trial of the remaining causes on Monday next.
EXCEOEER C HAMB. MfAV 92 Mr. Justice WILLIES came into this court this morning, for the purpose of annoimcing that the Court would sit *and take cases in error from the Queen's Bench on the 2d and 3d of June ; from the Common Pleas on the 13th and 14th of June; and from the Exchequer on, the 16th and 17th of June.
AD=-lALTY COURT. FRIDAY. MAY 23. TIE AEROLITE.-COLTSION. (Before Dr. LVS=GTON.) 'llS was a sUlt promoted by the schooner .lying Fish, of the burden of 99 tons, against the bark Aerolite, of the burden of 317 tons, to recover for a total loss occasioned by reason of a collision between them at 5.45 a.m. on the 30th of November last, in the neighbournood of the Start Light. The schooner, laden with oranges, was proceeding from St. Michael's to Hull; the bark, laden with a general cargo, was bound from London to Swan River. The schooner, as she represented, was close hauled on the port tack, heading E. by S., with the wind blowing unsteadily from N.E., when she descried the bark, distant from half a mile to a mile, on her starboard bow, whereupon she exhibited a light and luffed as much as possible. The bark continued approaching the schooner until she rendered a collision almost inevitable, upon which the schooner put her helm hard a starboard, and hailed the bark to keep clear, which even then there was space for her to have done; but, instead of so' doing, she suddenly ported her helm-; and ran into the schooner, in consequence of which she afterwards sank. The bark, in her defence, alleged that the accident arose from the schooner either not continuing her course, or porting her helm instead of starboarding it. She also stated that the wind was blowing from the N., and not from the N.E., as averred by the schooner. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss appeared for the schooner; Dr. Bayford and Dr. Deane for the bark. The learned JUDGE, without hearing counsel for the barl, inquired of the Elder Brethren whether they entertained any doubt whatever that the flying Fish, upon her own shoving, was solely to blame for this collision. The ELDER BRETrsREs considered the Flying Fish to blame in putting her helm to starboard instead of to port, which occasioned the collision, and that no fault attacned to the Aerolite. The learned JUDGE said that of course his judgment would be in accordance with the finding of the Elder Brethren, but he must add that he never in his life saw a clearer violation of the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act than in what took place on this occasion. The act of Parliament had been disregarded altogether. Even if the Aerolite had been to blame, the Flying Fish could not have recovered. Where such conduct was pued as had been done by the Flying Fish, not only could the vessel pro. ceeding not recover, but if any damage was done to the other ship, it must, according to the act of Parliament, be taken to be wilfully done. He wished this case to have the eatest possible publicity, that it might be known that the. Court was bound to enforce the provisions of the statute. E IIARLEQUIX.-COLUSION. This was an action brought by the steamtug Acconmmo. dation against the steamship Harlequin, to recover the loss occasioned by reason of a collision between them at 9a.m. on the 12th of April, 1855, in the river Yare at Yarmouth. The tug, as she stated, was lying lashed alongside the Cyrus, the Cyrus being moored outside the Mary, when the Harlequin, trading between London andYarmouth, came up, and, notwithstanding she was loudly hailed to stop her engines, without slacking her specod struck the tug a violent blow, and thereby occasioned the damage complained of. The Harlequin alleged that on entering the river she was navigated with the greatest care, and proceeded at a speed onlyF sufficient to maintain proper steerage way against the [ebb tide. She denled that she was hailed, and asserted that she grazed the tug so slightly as not to be aware of it until she had passed her. She attributed the slight accident which did occur to there being no one on the deck of the tug to take any steps to avoid it. Had her stern been shifted a little, or had she been hauled a little ahead, on the steamer coming up, the collision would have been avoided. Dr. JENsEn and Dr. BAYFOSLD were heard for the steamntug; Dr. ADDASIS and Dr. ELomxSON for the Harlequin. The ELDEr. BRETRE1N imputed the fault to the Harlequin, and The Coun pronounced against her.
COURT of BANXBUPTCY, BacsnghaZ-slrac, May 23.1 m RE SAM'UEL WELLER. (Before Mr. COMMnLswflreRV EVA?K1 The bankrupt was a leather dealer and shoe merchant, of Giltspur-street. His accounts and the leading features of the case have been already published. This was the certificate meeting. The main point was whether consignments to Vienna by the bankrnpt to the amount of 1,5731. had been duly accounted for. The bankrupt, it appeared, went to Vienna, and commenced an action against Mr. Kertch for 2,OOO, but, becoming bankrupt, the action had not proceeded. After hearing Mr. FREEaAN in opposition, and Mr. LKWRANCE for the bankrupt, His HoxounP said there was no evidence of other than honest and honourable conduct, and hlr. WeUer would receive an immediate certificate of the second class. - There was also a certificate meeting in the case of Thomas Archbutt, builder and timber-merchant, of Cambridgestreet, Old St. Pancras-road. After a partial hearing, the Court ordered an adjournment to October, in order to become informed of the result of some proceedings in Chancery. A certificate of the second class (unopposed) was granted to Joseph Farmer, builder, of Portobello-terrace.
INSOLVENT DEBTOPS COURT, May 23. IN RE WILLLAUI IIOIDlP. (wore Mr. Commioncr? Pnmx;Ps.. 'Ihis insolvent, a tTaveller and collector, wsas opposed by Mr. Sargood, on the part of Messrs. Harrison and Bell, woollen warehousemen, Mik-street,Cheapside; Mr. Nichols snPrted The case has been on several occasions before the Court, and the complaint was that the insolvent was indebted to the opposing creditors for money received as their traveller. 'e denied the allegations against him, and a lengthened investigation took place. Mr. Commissioner PHnTrps, after a long argumnent, held that the case was not sufficiently clear against the insolvent for him to pronounce an adverse adjudication, and therefore ordereda im to be discharged. UT RE FREDERICX THOMAS BUBDIS. This insolvent, whose case had been before the Court on two or three occasions, appeared for judgment. Mr. Dwse opposed for a creditor named Baresdorf, an importer of goods and Mr. M'Oubrey on the former occasions supporte. The insolvent was a commercial agent, and the complaint was that he had obtained goods to some extent. Ultimately the COURT save a judgment of four montis ftoxp the yeAing 91der, for nproper]y c9ntr"fing hi* dbt.
Af-IDDZEX SESSION,s Friday, May 23. (Beforc MIr. PASHLEY, Q.0, Assistant-.Tuc?g4 at Wt.V minstcr.) George King, 24, who, when he was taken into custody, was a metropolitan police-constable- Alfred Brackley, 2S,. William Castle, 24, Daniel Thomas, 30, Joseph Sealy, 4S, and Wllam Haw'kins Smith, 20, were indicted for having i stolen a box containing S6 gold Geneva watches, 24 silver snoons, and other articles valued at 4001., the propertyof Joseph HornlZy Baxendale and others (Pickford and Co.). their employers. The last namued prisoner had been; admitted as evidence on behalf of the Crowgn agaist the others.~~~~~~~ Con h Mr-. Ballantine appeared for the prosecution; M.r Metcalfe defended King; Mr. W. Cooper was instructed on behalf of the Rapprover; Mr. Parry appeared for Brackley; and Mr. Riibtoni for Scaly. It appeared that in June, 185, the box containing the C ropetym queston was intrcsted to Messrs. Pickfordby r. yke, of the Strand, directed to M1r. Muirhead, of Glasgow.11treahced the Camden dep6t in due course, but it sud- euly and mysteriously disappeared, and no clue could be obtained as to what had become of it until a short time ago, from information he had obtained, Mr. West, foreman to the prosecutors, questioned Smith about it, and he, being one of the delinquent, at once made a clean breast o. it. and the result was that he and the other prisoners were given into custody. Smith deposed that, in June, 1854, he was in the service of the prosecutors as clerk, and he- recollected seeing a parcel-a box done up in brown paper directed to Muirhead, of Glasgow-and he pointed it out to King, remarking that e did not know what it contained. but 'thought it might be plate. King said he should like to have it, and witness said he had no doubt it would bring them something. At 7 o'clock the same evening, the 17th of June he saw King get off the bank with it under his arm. There was no one about but themselves. He went with it in the direction of a box used by Sealy. At 11 o'clock he came to him at his desk and said the parcel was concealed in the prisoner Brackley's box. He kne.w what he meant. It was arranged that they should meet near the York and Albany. The parcel was undone in Brackley's box, and the things it contained wore carried away in their pockets. They met at the York and Albany, and he received some of the watches. They were gold Geneva watches, some of them in morocco cases. They -went to a man, named --Mayes, who then lived in King's-road, St. Pancras, but who had since disappeared. Thev showed hium the watches and the other articles. Mayes asked King what he wanted for them. While they were there the prisoner Thomas came in with more of the watches-one had an enamelled back with a likeness of the Duke of Wellington upon it. After bargaining, Mdayes gave them 50!. for the whole of the contents of the box-watches, spoons, and aL Mayes kept a general shop at the time. King gave witness 10l.; Thomas, 101.; Brackley, 101.* Sealy, 21.?Castles, 31.; and the rest he had himself. ie disclosecd this about a week before he was given into custody to the foreman. The latter asked him to go into a publichouse ; they had some beer, and he then asked him what he k-new about the box of watches which was stolen in 1854, and he told all he knew of the matter, the same as he had to-day, to get himself out of it. In cross-examination, he said he certainly did expect to get free by turning evidence. He had been concerned in other robberies upon IMlessrs. Pickford--one was a robbery of silks. The number he had shared in might run up to a dozen, but he should never have been concerned in anv had it not been for King, who led him into it at lirst. The robberies extended over about three years, but for three years after he went into the service of the prosecutors he was concerned in nothing of the kind. King had been his ruin. Jaines Brown statec that he had been a porter in the employment of the prosecutors. He remembered the 17th of June, 1854, and was at work at the scale No. 10 all day up to 10 o'clock at night. He did not see anything of the box in question, and was in no way connected with the stealing of it. He left his service at the latter part of April or May, 1855, because he found he was being watched by the police and, after he had left, he made inquiries here and there about the box of watches, and from what he ascertained he went to King, who had then been made a policeman. That was about three months ago. King was livimg near Drury. lane. He got into conversation with him at a publichouse, and told him it was a "rummy" thing about that box of watches. He asked him where the man lived to whom they sold them. He replied that they sold them to a man !namedMIayesfor501. Witnesshad seen this Mayes, but not about this. Witness then ask-ed King if the box did not contain oG Geneva watches, and he said it did; that they broke it open in Brackley's box at the end of the warehouse, and took the contents away in their pockets. Before this he was not sure about it, but he had suspicions. He communicated what he heard to an officer named Wheeler. Cross-examined.-After he left Pickfords' service he went to work for a carman named Butcher, at Chelsea, and was now employed at a wholesale house in Thames-street. ahen he left Pickford's they gave him 161., which they put in the bank for him, and he kept his wife and children with that until be got work. |Mr. Dyke proved that the value of the watches alone was 3751. One of them had an enamelled back with a portrait of the Dnke of Wellington upon it. This being the case for the prosecution, Mr. BALLANTINE said, he would at once consent to the acquitt,al of all the prisoners except KRing, becuse, as far as they were concerned, there was no evidence corroborating in any material particular the evidence of the accomplice. He should rest upon the case as against King. The prisoners C>astles, Thomas Brackley, and Scaly were then, under the direction of the Court, ficquite by the Mr. M3lgrcAFx, in his address to the jury on behalf of King, urged that the corroborative evidence was a failure and that Brown sheuld not be believed, as it was incredible that King should have confessed to him-King then being himself a police-constable-that which he must have known would bring rendign punishment upon him. r The ASSIST,ANT-JUDGE summed up the case and pointed [ out where the accomplice was corroborated by Brown, if the latter was entitled to credit. The jury found the prisoner Guilty. The AssISTA.NT-JUDGI, in a fewv observations to the prisoner, said he could not conceive a worse case of robbery by a servant, and then sentenced him to penal servitude for six years. Edward Davis, 16, and John Chapman, 17, were tried and found Guilty of stealing a cashbox containing 51., and two handkerchiefs, the property of Charles Elliston Wilson in his dwelling-house. Though charged as housebreaking, there was no doubt the real offence the prinsoners, though so young, had committed, was burglary. They were seen at an early hour one morning near the reservoir in Regent's Park by one of the constables, and when he approached them they ran off, leaving the cashbox behind them. They were soon captured by another constable. The obbery was committed in Albany-street. There was a second charge against them, on which they were found Gilty, andn a number of previous convictions were proved The A9slsJT.xT-JPSGE sentenced each of them to four years' penal servitude. SECOND COURT. {BeforMe Afr. CRmnsy.) M1aurice Condon, 51, shGemaker, was indicted forunlaw. fully and maliciously cutting and wounding Johanna Condon, his wife. Mr. Sleigh appeared for the prosecution; Mr. M'Enteer for the defence. The prisoner and his wife lived at 16, Maket-street, Fitzroy-square, and they had been married about 26 years. On the morning of the 2d inst., about 1 o'clock, he went home intoxicated and " disagreeably." After lying on the bed some time he struck her on the stomach with&a knife, and said he hadcdone for her and would go to Newgate. Their son was in the room and he rolled him on to the floor and disarmed him. Blood flowedlfrom the wound caused by the kniie, and the reason he assigned for the assault was that " the old - had got some snuff and he had not had any since 11o'clock, and she would not give him any, but he had taken too much drink and knew nothing about the Mr. M'F:NTErx havingaaddressed the jury, theyfound the prisoner Gitilty of assault only. Mr. CaKi-sy passed a sentence of 12 months' hard labour. Alfred Colton, 22, Edward Alleolt, 19, and James Tilley 34,were indicted, vise two former for stealing, and the latter for feloniously receiving, a basket contamuing plate of the value of 501., the propegrt of Joseph P.ritt. Mr. Sleigh prosecuted, Mr. Ribton defended the reThe prosecutor was a private gentleman residing at No. 10, Cleveland-gardens, Paddington, and the prisoner Tilley had carried on the business of a marine storedealer, at 19, Duke-street, Lisson-grove. The prisoners Allcott and Colton got into the area of the prosecutor's house, and stole the plate-basket from the pantry, and made their way to the cab-rankin Pickering-place, where they took a cab and directed the driver to take them to Duke-street, Lissongrove. They had a basket tied upin a rough wrapper, and the attendant on the rank, John Dally, suspecting from a certainjingling that it contained plate, hastened and gave information to the police, the result of which was that the prsonerS were taken in Duke-street. They took the plate to the prisoner's shop. The cabdriver noticed them in the cab examining spoons, and he went for 3 policeman after he had put them down. It was afterwards ascertained where the robbery had been committed, and the plate was Mr. R rTOsT, for Tilley, u rged that the evidence was quite insufficient to convict him of receiving . Thejury As uitted Tiey, and found the others iG zilty . Sentence wasTdeferred.
POLICE. GUILIDTT AT.u -M. Marriott, of Fleet-street, attended before Alderman CUBr=r to solicit the assistance of the magistrate on behalf of a highly respectable person, in very reduced circnmstances, who had applied to him under the fol,lowing circumstances-:-She had,afew weeks back,come to london with a few pounds in her pocket, in order to obtain some kind of employment by which she might get a living respectably. the had partedwith all her money, having paid small premiums to learn cooking under Gunter, and hairdressing under Lsdore to make her competent for a situation, either as a cook and housekeeper, or as a lady's maid. She had not, however, succeeded, and had been driven to sach a distressing state that for seven nights she had been wandering about the streets houseless and destitute, and without a friend in the world to apply to for relief until she was brought to him, when he made every inquzir into her case, and found her story perfectly genuine. Her object was not so much to seek for pecuniary assistance as to obtan employment, and the great difficulty she had to contend with was the want of a reoommendation. Alderman Cssm said all he could do in the matter was to order her some relief from the poor-box; there was no stitution, that he was aware of, connected with the City that would afford her the more permanent aistance she stoo0d in need of. Mfr. Mfarriott said he-tried, tlough the medium of ihe plablic preesB that eo beaeb2lent pereca 'miio tRae vp her cae, -s it was really a very denerving one. She olyr ccdaedwthemploymenth ._ i r b The worthy Alderman ithen ordered her a trifle fromnthe poor-bosto meet her preseWt Iescsities, ior which she es- pressedaher elfpesceedingly thanlduL - j Bow-srntw --menwhames Kendall and tichard Dtoody were charged-with highway robiery. The prosecutor, Mr. W. Isaac, auctioneer, of a, Saville- row, Walworth, was in NSorton-street, Fitzroy-square, at sabout half-past 10 o'clock on the night of the 12th mat,,. when tvo e aen, whom he now believed to ube the prisoners came nuddenly upo n hinLe One of them snatched his watch chaon, which brokewithout dislodging his watch. Inthe struggle tat ensuedi prosecutor vas tnocked doen with reat ioleace, and his shoulder was dislocated in consequence. Both the 'eerr escatd, --but a young gentleman who ntohisastestan.eacousd identify tendall, who, aI though pretending that eu had onlyacome to help prosecutor up, waas evidently one ef his asamilants. sThe gentlema referredto, tr. Foell Buxton Johstone, of 44; hlsas-street, St. James's, stated that he sanw two men go up to the prosecutor- and snatch somethin,,from him, andthen he sawv prosecutor knocked down. 'AVitness .-an to his assistance, and found Kendall stooping dovvn to prosecutor, the other prisoner having escaped. WVitness called to a cabman, but Kendall made off quickly, and witisess lost sight of hitu. ; Mr. Levas cross-examined both the witnesses as to the identity of Kendall, but Mr. Johnstone was quite satisfied upon the point. A constable of the E division proved that he apprehended both the prisoners on the 14th of May for assaulting him in the execution of his duty. ! Kendall was cosmmitted for trial for the robbery, and Dpody, in the absence of proper evidence as to his identity, was comniitted to one month's hard labour for the assault on the officer. , Abraham Nathan, a well-dressed man, John Martin, and Rlobert King were charged on suspicion of being concerned in two burglaries. ; Holmes, 50 F division, was on duty in Holborn a fevy nights ago when he saw NTathan and Martin leaving Deanstreet, holborn, with a bundle, which excited his suspicion. He made towards them, when the prisoners ran off in different directions, throwing down the bundle at the constable's feet. Preferring one -of the prisoners to the bundle, Holmes followed Nlathan and apprehended him, and when he turned round for the bundle he found it had gone. In the prisoner'spossession, howrever, he found some pins and other articles, which formed part of the produce of a burglary committed on the same night on the premises of MWr. Norton, hosier, of the Strand; and at the prisoner's lodgings a qnantity of silk handkerchiefs were found, I which were identified as the property of Mr. Griffiths, of | Tigh-street, Notting-h whose premises had been broken Anto a short tnne back. King and Martin, -who were defended by Mr. Wontner, were acquitted, but Nathan was committed for tvo months, for illegal possession. WolsHir-sTrErT-Willia.n Clarke was charged with being concerned with several other men not in custody in t.he following assault and highway robbery. iiiAr. George Spaldiu~, a gentlemlan engaged in a medical establishment in the city, stated, that while returning home about 11 'clock* on Sunday evening he had to pass a low -assage called are-court, in Shoreditch, and immediately hrached the end of it one of tvo men who were standing *at the entrance suddenly struck his hat from his head, 'while the other as suddenly gave it a kick, which sent it some distance down the court. He hastened into the passage to recover his hat, but had not time to reach it before he was violently seized by the prisoner and four other men, who grasped him by the shoulders and forced his head backwards. He suspected an attempb to rob him, and called loudly for the police, but one of his assailants imimediately curled his arm round his neck, and pressed ;his throat with such pertinacity and violence that he became pezfectly helpless and senseless, and on being restored to consciousness he found himself 'under the care of a constable and a woman, but that his -watch and chain had been stolen. He suffered acute pain for some time, his head and body were both much contused, and he felt convinced that he mnst have ibeen subjected to very brutal usage, although senseless and incapable of resistance. He could clearly identify one of t,he men who had so attacked him (the prisoner), wand he thereforewent at once to the station and gave an accurate description of his personal appearance. A constable of the Edivision deposed that in conseqeunce of this description by the last witness he had kept a sharp look-out after the prisoner, whom he accidentaUv encountered in Shoreditch on the preceding evening and captured. and on doing so at once recognized him as one of several mnen whom he had seen standing together at the court in question only 10 minutes before this assault and robbery had been committed. The prisoner offered nothing matcrial in answer to the charge, and he was ordered to be committed til that day w, eek for the completion of the evidence. LAmsETH.-Tane Vanderstein, a well-dressed middleaged woman, and James Barker, were brought up for further examination before .Mr.EnozorT, the former on a charge of shoplifting, and the latterwith committing a murderous assault on police-constable Edward Adams, S1 I?, while in the act of conveying hiscompanion to the stationhouse. The female prisoner on the afternoon of Thursday week entered the shop of Miss Cooper, on Tulse-hill, and requested to be shown some ribands, and while being attended to she with adroitness concealed a piece of riband under her left arm. The act, however, was observed by Miss Coopdr and her sister, and after attempting to place a dsecond piece of riband in the same p lace of concealment the Misses Cooper closed their door and sent for a policeman. Before the poli8dihan.arrived the prisoner dropped on her lsiees and implored forgiveness, at one time on account of her large family of small children and at another that she might not lose her situation. All this time the male - prisoner was observed in the front of the crowd outside the door, and when the female prisoner was taken out of the house he followed the constable and her towards the stationhouse, and in their progress. he struck the constable a desperate blow on the right side of the head with some formidable instrument believed to be a life preserver), which cut his hat through, and inflicted a serious wound on his head, penetratingtothe bone, andthen started off. The femaleprisoner also attempted to get away, but the constable, notwithstandig his injury, managed to hold her and took her safe to the station. Another constable was then sent in search of the male prisoner, and the latter, on seeing the officer, started off. He was stopped by a gentleman's gardener, who asked him what hehad been up to, and he replied, " Only attempting to rescue his wife, who was in custody on a charge of shoplifting, from apoliceman." hebegged hard tob allowed tolgo,and "have another run for it ;" and when told of the nature of the charge- he said he was sorry the policeman " had not got it a little deeper." Sergeant hammond informed the magistrate, that after the former examination the female prisoner acknowledged (though they had up to that time pretended to be perfect strangers) that they lived together; that she had been a barmaid at a publichouse in the Borough, where Barker had boen barman, The witness requested a further remaid, in order to give the detectives an opportunity of seeing themi. AMr. ELLIOTr directed that the evidence in the case of Mfiss Cooper should be taken, and the prisoners committed on it, and then remanded to a future day, as requested. At the former examination the male prisoner was supposed, from the daring and desperate nature of his offence, to be a "4ticket-of-leave man7-a circumstance at -ithich the solicitor who appeared for him on the present examination appeared exceedingly angry, declaring, on the contrary, that his friends and himself were " most respectable," and that up to the present transaction nothing wrong was known of him. On these grounds he applied that he might be admitted to bail, but Mr. ELLiOTr peremptorilylrefused to comply with his request. The magistrate requested the acknowledgment of 10s. in postage stamps from " P. H, E.," whose husband had been urnt in the Ciimea.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIME&S Sir,-Your shuippn uews of Monday, the 19th inst., has theifo-owisgin "VPessels Spolken With:'-."-TheAmazon, from New York for London, April 21, in lat. 41 N., long. 64 W." There mnust be an error. This well-known s.plendid slip saile.d with 600 passengers fom the East India Docks on Apri 15 as eenby yur orreponent,andsi:x days could nolossibly plae hr in thte poesiptioondesscribed. Thenatural anxiety of so many London families concerning her induoes S. W. Yours respectfully, I Edve tisementN-"IToNgami; or Eixnlorations and * icoeor n8uth-se Afica" by Charles Sobn Andermon IvoL, with 50 illustrations. "We heartily recommend Mr, Ander- ;a wo-rkasthat of one eminentlyquaifiedtobe a traTeller, not onlfrom hisloveof adventure, butfromrthevariety andextentothis knowledge. Hegetsandgivesintereetinginforn2stionon all the sobjects which oDme before him-the geographical features of the countries be visits, and their natural scesely-the beasts of the field, the birds of the air, the plants above the sarface of the eartb, and the geological structure beneath it; and all detalled in an agreeable manner. He encounters and describes all kinds of strange animeala; the lon, the c<, the elephant, the rhinooeros, the hippopotamus, the battalo, the ostricb, &c. i rportmg adventures are related 'with Vat spirit, and these and other sniddnts are bielt i illUy Mustedd bi tbp i iOMA 91"P Xr WolV-JQbz B -
W=IAT IS A CONSERVA=IVE ?-i rather difflcut, if not also important question, "What is a Conservative?' is about to be discuses in London, we fear in too loose a way and before an unsatisfactory tribunaL A nobleman, lord Ranelagh by name, who has no doubt at all of his own. Conservatism-and who is known only for having given whatever proof of true Conservatism may be held as comrprised in his having offered his "life and fortune?, in. the service of the bloodthirsty bigot, Don Carlos of Spa:nis about to move that all members of the present Government shall be expelled from the Carlton Club. Well, whether it be held that these are wrong men in the right place, or right men in the wrong $ace there is, it nust be admitted, a certain air of plausibibty and propriety in such a proposition. The Palmerston Ministry is a Liberal Ministsy, and the Canlton Club is a Club, anc therefore the case seems clear enough, if that iY the whole case. But such a mode of stating the question is very delusive and omits the chief didiculties. Thetimo has been when we Inew what a Tory was, and it was at such a time that the Carlton Club was gathered together. But that time is past, and, without insisting onx the preliminary question whether there is suich a thing as a Tory at all, there are the very greatest dubieties as to what now constitutes a right to that once-honoured name -and if there is a difficulty as to what is a Tory, there must of course be a more complicated and unmanageable difficulty as to what constitutes a Tory Club. Without becoming theoretical or even historical, let us look at one or two of the practical and personal difficulties that uresent themselves at the very outset. The noble lord who is about to explode himself and blow up the Carlton, explains in a; letter to the newspapers, that the motion does not apply to the members of the preceding or Aberdeen-Russell 1 vernment, whom he regards as in quite another position. This is very hard to be understood, What has the Palmnerston liinistry done, attempted, or promised less Conservative than the things which the Aberdeen-Russell hinistry did, attempted, or promised? We remember that the Aberdeen-Russell Ministry brought in a new Reform Bill, disfranchising thirty constituencies, half-disfranchising thirty others, andllowering the franchise to such an extent that the result would have been to double the number of electors. And we do not remember that the Palmerston Ministyhas taken any -stp, or even made a promise towards any such measure. So tar, then, as there is anSdifference, the present Ministry cannot possibly be considered, as to domestic questions, less Consernative thau its predecessor. In truth, the whole energies of the Palmer. ston Government have been devoted to one question-the conduct of the war; and, in so far as it has conducted it otherwise than its predecessors, it has conducted it mozre "vigorously," and therefore more in accordance with the professions which Conservatism made in the matter Again, why wereall themembersofthe Aberdeen GovernI ment not also members of the Palmerston one? Solely because they differed from the Palmerstomans, and still more widely from the Conservatives, regarding the managementof the war-because they would not submit to the existence of a committee of inqury for the appointment of which the Conservatives had used their utmost efforts. It is perfectly clear, therefore, that while the direct and formal effect of Lord Ranelagh's muotion will be to expel from the Carlton Club the sons of Sir Robert Peel, Lord Earrowby, and others the ultimate effect niaust in consistency be to expel from tha_ Conservative Club Lord Aberdeen, Mr. Gladstone, and almost every man. who tll within these few months was held lit to bear rule in the Conservative camp. It may be answered-So be it; Peel was a deserter, and so were all those that went with hnm, who were all the members of the Conservative Ministry of 1841-6, with the single exception of Lord Derby. Very well, then, we are to understaud that a Conservative is not or was not Aberdeen, nor Peel, nor Goulburn, nor Gladstone, nor anvike-inded, but only those who, leaving the whole staff of the Conservative leaders, followed Lord Derby-in short, a Conservative is a. Derbvite. Even then we are not a bit nearer the bottosn of the mystery-for we require to-know what is a Derbyiteay, and what is Lord Derby. The one distinctive fact regarding the Derbyites used to be that they opposed their colleagues and the coutryU regardng the reneal of the corn law,s; hut when they got into office thej obliterated that distinction by voting for a motion-brought forward too by that very Lord Palmersteon, to be in office with whEom is nowr to be made atest of anti-Conservatism-that the repeal of the Ccorn law had been beneficial and ought not to be disturbed, Then as to what Lord- Derby himnself i, there is one thing qulte certain- and usotoriouih-e is a membler of a great 'and -exclusive Whig Club. Unless the members of the Carlton maintain What Lord Derby is a Whig, they muast admit that his duty to zesign, or his 3iability to be axpelled froro Broolkes', are incomparably mnore dclar than their assumption that Lord Eiarzowby, Lord B. Bruce, the Peels, ana other members of the present Government should 'not remain members of the Carlton. What a dro31 thing tbat a party the leader of wrhich is arnember of an indabitabl' Whig club should vote that even to have had dealings writs Whigs isacrimue,inferrnng depositionfromtheirclub. Farther,tbera arelnany memb. of the Carlton Clubwhohava gone much fprther in divisive courses than any of those wYho nave joined tbe present Government-aud they must he included in the great exFilsion. For instance, there is Lord Derby's son, Lord n3tanley, whEo on every dlasN of qulestions, political, social, an d e speci ally e cclesi setical, not only avows but very actively and powerfully advocates the doctrines of "philosophical R.adicdlism." Ln commOn consistency, therefore, the Conservatives mus follorw p tbeir expulsion of all their old leaders by the eplson alSo of their newv one and of his heir and hope. .Innaily it is scarcely one sihort year since Lozd Derby, MYr. Disraeli, and the whole party, made forpiily to the Queen an eager offer to coalesce with Lent Palmerston and the men nowr in of fice; and it ws -only because they wrere reued the opportunity that the have not all along iben partakers in those inv'isible sins-or anConaevaiams nowr to be pnised by benis&ent from their society. Having to deal wit?h sucis perpbexingc cosopli. cations, and~ bencertainl of havnn2 the aearae agld for t accusd by the intenseyingenious Mir. GLadstone, the members of the Carlton ha3ve certainly n prospect X debe which might diieto ODianci brains of grzeater *rangt han -thesesr whc rdisasl congregate in tht baabsom an- m] Dw9rt,,-ZGQ#ma,I,
AiERICA. [si summary of the following, received by Electric Telegraph, appeared in our Second Edition of yesterday:-3 SOUTHAMPTON, WAY 23. The Vanderbilt steamship North Star, Lieutenant T. S. HEnter, United States' navy, commander, arrived this morning from'New York, en route to Bremen, with dates to the 10th inst., 140 passengers, and a moderate amount of cargo. The North Star is the pioneer of the Vanderbilt line of steamships, connecting the ports of Havre, Bremen, and Southampton with.NewY ork. The departures from each port will be monthly, and this ship will shortly be succeeded by the steamships Ariel and the Vanderbilt, the latter of which is near completion, and will exceed in magnitude any steamvessel yet afloat, being 400 feet long, of. 5,300 tons burden, and 1,200-horse power. -During the voyage the North Star, on the 12th inst., in lat. 40.40, long. 69.15, passed the British bark Chance, of Goole, steering west. On the 13th, in lat. 40.14, long 63.00, spoke the Danish bark Union heading East. Between long. 48.00 and 26.00, saw large and numerous fragments of wrecks and broken spars. Intelligence from Washington states that the HIouse Committee on Foreign Relations had the recent Panama difficulties under consideration, and contemplated some measure of legislative co-operation with the Executive to Drevent the recurrence of (lifficulty upon the Isthmus. Mr. Pennington proposed the enactment of a law which should give to the Consuls of the United States at Panama and Aspinwall (withl the consent of New Granada) the same power to summarily try and punish American citizens for -violation of the law at those ports as is conferred on American Consuils in China and Turkey. Theobjectwastoplacein thehands ofthe Consuls power to reshtain lawless American passengers from committing excesses upon the Isthmus, as well as to afford the natives of that region the assurance that any wrong they may sllbr at the hands of a turbulent or ruffian passenger would be redressed. It was also proposed that the President be authorized, with the consent of NMew Granada, or without such consent if it be refused, to station a sufficient corps of marines, or other armed police, at Panama and Aspinwall to guard from all outrage American citizens and property in transit. An affidavit had been filed at the State Department at Washington by the captain of the steamer Orizaba, setting forth the interference of Captain Carleton, of the British frigate Eurydice, at San Juan del Korte, who forbade all passengers having tickets for Nicaragua leaving the ship. Evidence was also presented that the British force forbade the American passengers who came down the river from communicating with the shore at San Juan, and that the British boats exercised a close surveillance over all Americans while there. Secretary Dobbin said most decisively that such outrages could not be permitted to pass unrebuked. The subject 'was before the Cabinet, but the decision had not transpired. Inthe Senate a resolution, reportedfrom thejCommittee on Foreign Relations, declaring the notice -which had been given by the President to Denmark to terminate the treaty w ith that Government regailiting the payment of the Sound dues, sufficient, had been introduced, and that no other or further act of legislation was necessary to put an end to the said treaty as a la of the land. After a discussion the question was adjourned. MIr. Heroert, a member of the House of Representatives at California, shot the head waiter at an hotel at Washington on the 8th inst. MIr. Herbert had been arrested, and the matter was undergoing investigation. Intelligence had been received of a fearful accident, which occurred on the Mississippi and Mlissouri R3ilroad, near Davenport, Iowa. The express train from Iowa City ran oif the track, while going at a rapid rate, causing terrible destruction; 12 persons 1 were killed and a great many others wounded. The I entire train, consisting of the locomotive, four passenger cars, and a baggage car, was demolished. The scene is said to have been an awful one. Dates from Aspinwall had been received to the 24th ult. Everything was quiet at Panama. The sloop-of-war St. Mary's had arrived at that port. Her commander immediately inquired into the cause of the late outrage, and a warni correspond. ence had taken place between him and the Governor of Panama. It wias believed that the riot originated in desire for plunder. A large meeting had been held at New York of the sympathizers of General WValker. The meeting was chiefly composed of the friends of the Administration. Letters favourable to the recognition of AWalker's Government were read from General Cass and other prominent Democrats; and a committee -was appointed to solicit material aid to be sent to Nicaragua. Guns, money, and sympathy were freely pledged, and a long series of resolutions favourable to General WYalker adopted. In the New York money-muaket bills on London were firm at 1094 to 110; Paris, 5.17-Th to 5.16;-. The business in foreign exchange was light both for the North Star- and Ericsson, which also left on the 10th inst. The settlements making with the bankers on credits used in India and China, as well as in urope, early in the season, were heavy and absorbed a large amount of exchange. The stock-market was irregular, and closed dull. The cotton-market showiedrenewfedstrength, and the demand was more animated. Prices ws-ere a shade firmer, and middling uplands were quioted at 107c. to lie. Orleans, 11c. to ilic.; and other grades at proportionate rates. Fish -was in fair demand, and was readily met at previous prices. In flour and meal the home demand was livelier, though shippers and speculators were not -disposed to deal largely. The receipts were moderate, and receivers were not inclined to press sales. Prices were firmer, but the quotations were iiot higher. Wlrheat was not so actively sougwht after. Corn of desirable quality was scarce -and 'wanted, at rising rates; distilling lots waere abundant and depressed. In provisions pork w7as active and more firmnly leld. IBacen continued in light supply .and fair demand, and lard was brisk and firm. Beef was in fair demand at steady prices. Butter -was plenty and selling -moderately. Clover seed was dull and heavy at irregular rates. Flax in light 5upply and demiad. An incorrect telegraphic seport from Halifax o an advance of Gs. instead of (0d. to Is. in the price of sugar at Liverpool and London had canzed some exeitement in the sugar-market ±t New York. Operataws did not rely upon the report, and therefore nefrained fiom movements. Rolders claimed higher rztes, ad buyers were indisposed to purchase largely. The transactions Sc'perie lb.ll SOOhhds. C-.ba, at from 6ic. to Sl4C pr lb. -eights for Liverp3ool wvere moderate, incl-;ding cottount a.23d. to 3.16 per lb. For other port.e the shipments wfere light, at proportionate rates. Th.cotton-snari4et at New Orleans had improved. Sales anu the 8th amounted to 10,000 bales, at 104-0. to 10We for middling.
iIS FRREW41S z EtYD PARK, &C.-A copyaf eseepondence be.ceen the Secretary of %tate for the WVar iDepartinent, the e&ffice of Ordnance, and the First Comnmis3irer of Publie Works, i& relation to the building,s now be'g.erected for fireworks in flyde and the Green Parks, -Waseyesterdaypublisbe4 by orzr of Parliament. On the Eth of April the War Department requested Nz. Austin to move the Commnissioners cf Wori-s, &ac, to give immediate authoritrfor the erection4of twvo heds. one in the Green IPark, auA oe in Eyde Park, 200 Eery>5 and 25 feet,and also of a strong fence, 6 feet high, to sndlese the ground. TwTo elzs afterwards, the Oz7ice of Worksg Leflined to undeX±ake tise erection of the sheds within tbe tume specifledj on accnt of the great pressure upon the &partnent at tlm time, and the First Commissioner the:'eupon expressed a de4relo avail himself of the offer of theWayDepartment to undertake the work. The size of each of h area1 eneleoz4 appears to be about 80,000 squae yards.
A USTBALM. B3y the arrival of the Eagle we have received files of papers from Melbourne to the 28th of February, being three days later than those brought by the Ocean Chief. WVe take the following from the 7elboou2 ne Argus of the 27th of February "TuesdayEvening, 26th of Feb. "The brokers are buying gold at from 31.16s. 3d. to 31. 16s. 6d. per ounce. There is no falling-off in the demand. Export duty was paid on 26,897 ounces at the Customsduringotheday, of which 19,446ounces were for Liverpool by the Eagle, 1S ounces for London by the Medway, and 7,318 ounces for Hoaghoag, on Chinese account, by the Launceston and Forest Queen. The Eagle cleared out 'with a total of 55,964 ounce; the banks shipping as follows - ounces. Oriental Bank . ... ... 16,141 London Chartered Bank ... 8,000 Union Bank . ... ... ... ... . 7,000 Bank of Victoria ... ... ... . 6,000 Bank of New South Wales ... . 6,000 Bank of Australasia ... .... .. ... 4,500 "The Eagle has a fuol general cargo. Wool tellingup to 1,247 bales; rags, 117 bales; copper ore, '4 bags; the remainder consisting chiefly of re-shipments. "1 The traffic returns of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway show a continued and healthy increase in the revenues of the company. The receipts from all sources for the past week were 1,0421.S13s. 5d.; the number of passengers who made use of the line was 7,142. The goods' traffic is rapidly improving, and we are glad to see that the prejudice entertained by souie shipmasters against the railway pier is giving way before the satisfactory evidence of the last six iontTs. "The following is the Customs return of revenue at this port for the week ended the 23d inst. Brandy, 11,077 gallons Rum, 3,111 do. Gin, 3,219 do. Whiskey, 964 do.... ... Cordials, 57 do. Other spirits, 323 do. ... Wine, 9,495 do. Ale and beer, 39,349 do.... Tobacco, 17,123 lb . - Cigars, 3,977 do. Tea, 178,051 do. Coffee, 33,108 do.:': Sugar, 7,268 cwt.. Treacle, 50 do. Gold, 00,817 oz. Total duties ... Tonnage .. ... ... Other moneys Seizures .. ... ... Total Customs' reve Pilot Board-pilotage Immigration Board-passenge: £ s. d. ... ... 5,533 13 2 . . ... ... 1,555 17 0 - .. ... .. 1,610 3 0 . .. ... 482 8 0 28 17 7 162 2 9 .. .. ... 949 11 0 ... 983 146 - . .. ... 1,712 6 0 - .. .. ... 1,346 13 8 . . ... ... 4,451 5 6 ... ... 275 18 0 -.. ... 2,180 8 2 710 0 - .. ... . 7,602 4 7 ... ... ... .28,887 12 n . ... 264 9 0 8 4 0 ... ... 15019 2 nue . 29,311 5 1 *329 11 1 rrat - 381 2 6 " To day's Gve-nmnunt Gazette contains a notice from the Government of New South Wales calling for tenders for debentures to the au;ount of 50,0001. under the Public Works Loan Act of that colony. The principal will not be payable for 20 years, but power is reserved to the Government for their redemption at any period, at par. The interest offered is five per cent., payable either in Sydney or in London. "The Government land sale to-day was again well attended. The lots consisted almost entirely of farm lots of various acreages. Four lots at Yallock, comyrising 2,343 acres, realized 4,2211., or an average of 1l. 1bs. ner acre. Twenty-seven lots, consisting of 2,407 acres, at 13vrniong, brought 4,5071., or an average of 1l. 17s. per acre. The lots at Moorrooduc passed offheavily, five only bein sold*; these consisted of 2,050acre;, and realized 2,4861. or an average of 11. 4ls. per acre. One lot at Warrandyte of 160 acres brought 2161., or 11. 7s. per acre. The day's sale amounted to 11,4301. "We have received by the WongaWonga Sydney vapers to the 23rd inst. In the markets we notice few changes. There was more activity in wool ; tallow was looking upward, in consequence of short supplies. The import trade is quiet, and without change. We notice that the operations of the Sydney mint are suspended for the present, ' it having been found necessary to refit the machinery' for manufacturing sovereigns and half-sovereigns."d
NAYAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGBNOB. The Assistance transport, No. 215, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the Crimea. She left Constantinople May 4th; Malta, 10th; Gibraltar, 16th; on the 18th, in lat. 37A49 N., long. 9 21 W., signaled the schooner Breezer; on the 21st, in lat. 46 26 N., long. 7 28 W., passed Her Majesty ship Transit; on the 14th, off Cape de Gatt, passed the steam-transport Etna. Her Majesty's ship Simoom sailed from Constantinople for Canada on the 3d inst.; and Her Majesty's ship Resolute left Gibraltar for the same destination on the 16th. There were lying at Gibraltar, when the Assistance sailed, Her Majesty's ship Highflyer, 21, Captain Moore; Ariel, 9, Commander Luce; and Retribution, 22, Captain Fisher; also the Cape of Good Hope steam-transport. She has brought home a small mail from the Retribution, and 24 officers, 673 men, and 153 horses of the 4th and 13th Light Dragoons. The following are the names of the officers --The 4th, Captain the Hon. Charles J. Keith, Lieutenants G. W. Hunt, Edward L. Puxley, Henry H. de Bourbel, Wiliam Winstanley, and Lord Ernest MUD. Vane Tempest; Captain G. T. Genge, paymaster; and Assistant Surgeon David Cullen, M.D. Of the 13th, Major Henry Holden, Captains Percy Shawe Smith, Edward L. Jervis, and John WiUiam Clayton, Lieutenants Robert Macneill, Henry 0. Munn, and Edward H. E. Kauntze; Captain Edmund Bentley Frith, paymaster; Surgeon Anthony D. Home, Veterinary Surgeon Hart, and Quartermaster William Cresdee. The followving officers also came home in the Assistance :-Major Scrope R. Berdmore, of the 20th Regiment; Drs. Hall and Nicholas, of the Civil Medical Staff; and Captain Barnett, Royal Artillery. The 4th Light Dragoons being the Queen's Own, it is deemed probable Her Majesty wvi inspect them this morning or Monday on their landing. The Runnymede convict ship embarked 170 prisoners at Portsmouth on Thursday evening,and sailed yesterday morning for Australia. The Pacific steam-transport, W. C. Thompson commander, arrived at Constantinople on the 10th inst., having made the run from Malta in three days. The Cressy, 30 guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard L. Warren, has received orders at Sheerness to prepare immediately to proceed to Lisbon. She is to have seamen draughted from other ships in active service to complete her full complement of men. The Firefly is ordered to prepare for immediate foreign service. Her destination is the West Coast of Africa. The Admiralty have issued an order to the respective officers at Sheerness that after the launch of the Scylla, 20 guns, new screw steam corvette, onthe 19th of June next, no more vessels are to be built there until further orders. An Admiralty order has arrived at Sheerness for a general salute of the fleet on the 29th inst., and also for the illumination of the fleet at 9 p.m. of that day, and a display of fireworks of various designs, which are to be supplied to the fleet from Woolwich arsenal. The Woolwich division of pensioners having gone through their half-yearly drill in companies, under the inspection of Lieutenant-Colonel Forbes, of the Staff, wil meet to-day on Woolwich Common in a body, consisting of the whole force, which amounts to 416 ablebodied men. They are to go through various battalion movements. On Monday next the corps of pensioners wiU be again drawn out on the Common for parade, when they will be joined by the Deptford division, consisting of 100 men, under the command of Major Ward. Her Majesty's 14-gan screw steam sloop Niger, in Woolvich basin, has completed a considerable portion of her repairs, and is recommissioned for foreign service by Captam the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, late of Her Majesty's screw steamship Horatio. An experiment was made on Thursday with the newlyinvented gan metal anchor lately received at Woolwich. An iron shackle having been fixed for the temporary purpose by means of a metal bolt, the test was gradually carrsed out .trom a degree of 19 tons, when one of the shafts suddenly g-Ave way. It was supposed that the anchor was of suffid ent solidity to bear the haul of 35 tons barden without da uger or risk. Thus far the invention would appear to be a f. uflure, but it is understood that considerable encouragemei it is held out to induce the patentee, a naval officer, to prod'uce a futher sample, it being considered highly probable* that the present one was cast with a flaw in the metal. The followang officers belonging to the depots at the Prowisionrd Battalion,Chatham, have been ordered to proceed to the Sc hool of Musketry, Hythe, this day, vith a detachmnent of' the first battalion of 60th Royal Rifles, for instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle, under Colonel C. C. HIay, wib h a viewef qualifying themselves as instructorsviz. -Coptain W. Mosse, 26th Cameronizns; Lieutenant J. Steele, 60th Riflee; and Ensiga G. W. Marsden, 87th Royal Irish Iusileers. T'he _ollo wing notifieation was issued yesterday at the Admiralty :-- "Sir Charles Wood, asYirst Lord of the Admiralty, will receive 4fficers at the Admiralty on the Thursdays in June and July." The fotleeving appaiztmeraeg were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- I T.V. iranron, to be Captain, to the James Watt - H. F Gregory, to he Lieutenant, to the Lapwing; T. Z. Pear: son, to be Lieutenant, to th^e Rogue; Alfred Messan, to be M1aster, to tle V{irago; D. J. B. NhjlUard, to be Master, to the Ajax; Edward Youel, to be Master to the James Wattthe Hon. J. C. Ellis, to he MtideipmaA, to the Imperieuse.8 ,9 draught of thet 16th Regient, sbout 140 men, has esubarked at Cork, on board the NerinanMorrison transport aip, for Quebec, under command of Captain C. C. Grant. THE MILITIA. The Royal Soutlh Down Regiment is under o rders to proceed early next week from Naas and the Curragh camp to Newy, to repLace the 4th Lancashire 'litia, ordered to Themfo embarcation. The rone nsileers are expected at Kingstown fromr i4verpool. They arc to be stationed at QOnagh and Lifford. The Tyronix4lr r Regiment hag been ordered to move iD)mtd^iately front Onsagdh to Mtoyt its county town. 5
THE PENLVINSULARP MAILS. (By ELECTRCc TEGRAPH.) SOUTRAMPTOX, FBnD.&Y, MDNuGTr. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Captain Weeks, with the Peninsular mails, we have dates from Gibraltar May 14 Cadiz, 15; Lisbon, 19; Oporto and Vigo, 20. The Tagus brings 73 passengers, and on freiaht specie, value 1,4501., and a cargo of oranges, elephants' teeth, wine, &c. The mail steamship Madrid was passed by the Tagus on the 21st inst., off Cape Finisterre. The Tagus did not leave any foreign ship-of-war at Lisbon on the 19th. The Mlinho steamer had arrived from Liverpool on the 18th, and the Braganza steamer was to leave for that port eight hours after the Tagus. The Lisbon exchanges for three months by this packet are quoted-London, 54, money scarce and bills abundant; Paris, 519, money scarce; Hamburg, 49g money, but no bills; Amsterdam, 43i, nominal; and Genoa, 51a, nominal. The stockmarket had been dull. Portuguese Three per Cents., 40C to 411 ex. div. ; Bank of Portugal shares, 498 to 500 milreis each; Bank of Oporto shares, 18 to 20 per cent. premium. The yatcht Mustapha, belonging to the Pasha of Egypt, was at Lisbon when the Tagus left.
TiHE APPELLAT BJURISDICTION OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS. The following is the Report of the Select Committee appointed to inquire whether it is expedient to make any, and, if so what provision for more effectually securing the efficient exercise of the fuctions of the House of L,ords as a Court of Appellate Jurisdiction; and further, how any such provision would affect the general character of the House; and to report their opinion thereupon:- " That the committee have met, and, in pursuing the im[portant inquiry intrusted to them, have examined several of the leading counsel employed in the business of appeal at your lordships' bar, and subsequently the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lord Justice-General of Scotland, the Master of the Rolls, Vice-Chancellor Stuart, and Lord St. Leonard's. " Armong these witnesses there appears to be a very general agreement as to the expediency of retaining the appellate jurisdiction of the House, and in this view the committee entirely concur. " Although some of the witnesses have stated that the worling of the present tribunal is perfectly efficient and satisfactory, and testimony has been generally borne to the wisdom and impartiality wiith which the law has been administered by it, yet there is a great preponderance of opion in favour of some change in the manner in which the appellate business of the House of Lords is at present conducted. " The principal objections raised by the witnesses against the present constitution and practice of this ultimate Court of Appeal are as follow:- " 1. That none of the Law Lords, except the Lord Chancellor, being bound to attend, there is an uncertainty as to the number of those peers who may assist at the hearing of any case; and that the attendance of peers who, from want of.professionsl knowvledge and experience, decline to interfere in the proceedings, takes awvay from the solemnity of the tribunal,nand leads to misconception on the part of the public, wvhen their presence is only required in order to make a House. "2. That delay, sometimes inconvenient to the suitors, and prejudicial to the regular administration of justice, is caused by the House not being able to sit during the whole of that portion of the year during which the inferior courts are open. " 3. That the administration ol Scotch law has been at times unsatisfactory from the want of familiarity vith the Scotch law, consequent upon the law lords being exclusively English judges. " 4. That there is an unnecessary expense attending some of the forms of proceeding. " 5. That the mode of delivering judgment, and the absence of official dress, deprive the HIouse of the solemnity which attends ordinary judicial proceedings. "The committee have carefully considered these objections raised by the witnesses, and also the various suggestions that have been made with a view of meeting them ; and they have to submit the following as the conclusions to which they have come:- " L It appears from the evidence, that for the last 10 or 15 years the appeals have been heard sometimes by as many as four law lords, sometimes by three or two, and instances have been adduced where appeals have been heard and decided in this house, with advantage to the law, and satisfaction to the public, by the Lord Chancellor or one law lord alone. The comrmittee are, however, of opinion that, considering the importance of the causes brought to this ultimate Court of Appeal, the Hlouse should, as a general rule, be able to reckon on the attendance of not less than three law lords to assist in the hearing of all appeals; but in making this recommendation, the committee by no means wish to discourage tho attendance of other members of the House. "Although during certain periods the number of law lords in regular attendance on the appellate business has been adequate to meet the requirements of the public and the profession, experience has proved that such attendance cannot always be relied on. Hitherto, those by whom this duty has been discharged have been for the most part exChancellors. The committee are of opinion that the attendance of others equally qualified to sit with those peers in judgment on the decision of the inferior courts would be best secured by the creation of other high legal offices, in connexion with the House of Lords, with such salaries as would insure their acceptance by the most eminent judges. The committee are, therefore, of opinion that it is desirable that two officers should be created, to be held by two law lords, whose duty it should be to assist the House in the performance of its judicial dties; and they aceordinglyrecommend that Her Majesty should be empowered to appoint two lords to be Deputy-Speakers of the House of Lords, w ith salaries attached to their offices. The committee do net propose that these appointments should interfere with Her Majesty's power to appoint unpaid Deputy-Speakers of the House " As the Lords holding the proposed offices would be intrusted with judicial duties of the highest importance, and as tIhe committee believe experience to afford the only sure test of the fitness of even eminent lawyers for such duties, they w0ould further recommend, that persons who have held some high judicial office in the united kingdom for not less that five years should alone be eligible for these appointments. "They recommend that the office of a paid DeputySpeaker of the House shal be held by the same tenure as the offce of a judge, and that every such person shabl receive, out of the consolidated fund, a yearlysalary of 6,000h., or such yearly sumn as, with any pension to which he may be entitled for past services, will make up a yearly income of 6,000g., so long as he shal hold the said office "2. With respect to the delay which now occurs in heing appeals, from the sittings of the House not being co extenspve with the sittings of the inferior coarts, the committee advise that the Hoase should he enabled to authorize its sittings to be resumed or continued for the hearig of appeals only at such times as maybe deemed expedient for the exercise of the appelate jeuisdiction, notwithstanding the prorogation of Parliament. " 3. The comumittee have paid great attention to the important evidence which they have heard on the subject of Scotch appeals. Nearly al the witnessses who spoke to this part of the subject admit th very material advantages have been derived by Scotland in the course of the adminstrationof the law by the Hoase of Lords, and some of them are of opinion that it is still advisable to keep the appellate jurisdictionentirely distinct fromithe Scotch bench and bar; but, on the other hand, arguments were urged, with consideable force, agains the anomaly of the final Court of Appeal from Scotland being so constituted as never to comprahend a Sctch judge, or any person necessarily acquainted with Scotch law. It appears that the majority of the bar, and the Writers of the Spignet in Edinburgh, arein favour of one of the members of this Appellate Court being a Scotch lawyer. It is not proved that this is the opinion either of the mercantile classes or of the community at large in Scot land. The committee are of opinion that no fixed and invariable rule should bo adopted on thins subject. "o4. The committee recommend to the attention of the HIouse the complaints which they have quoted above as to the unacessary expense of some of the proceedings of the House, particularly in respect to the printing of the cases They are of opinion that this, together with other suggestions for the prevention of delay, are questions which will be best dealt with by the Lord Chancellor and the lords who assist himuin hearing appeals. "5o. The committee have heard much coafficting evidence as to the best mode of delivering judgments. It is argued, on the one hand, that the great principles of lawv are best elucidated by spoarate judgments, when the judges in the a rtll eal differ in opinion, and that the separate dotlsis mater opinion is satisfaztory to the suitors, as proving that great attention has been paid to the cause. On the other handitis urged, that such divisions d minish the authority of the tribunal of ultimate resort, and tend topre duce mncertainty in the law, without any countervailing advantage; and the example of the Judicial Conuittee where differences of opinion are net expressed, has been quoted ashfavourable to the deliberahton beinginet private and the opinion of the majority given as the collective judgment of the tribunal. The committee are of opinion that this is a matter of discretion, which must be left to be arranged among those who hear and decide the appeaIs; but they recommend that these who k-atr the appeals should have leave to sit at the table, and delivertheir opinions sitting. "The attention of the committee has been drawn to the difficuthy whoh may, in some cases, be felt hereafter, of appomtngly the most fit persons to judicial offices connected with the Htouse of Lords, if it cannot be dese without conformin on oem hereditary peerages; and it appears to the comdmittee misatle, that any erson appointed to such an office should be enabled, by authority of PaeamMnent, to sit and vote in the Mouse, and enjoy all tihe rights and privileges of a peer of Parliament, under a patent conferring a peerage for life only, if bhe Crown may have graited, or shall grant, the same to such persons in preferen>e to an hereditary peerage; provided always, that not more than four pbersons schall have seats ill the house at one time aX peers "The, committee recommend that in all respects, excbpting those where change has been recomumended in this report, the functions of the Lard Chancellor and the rights a dprivifleges of the whole body of the peers shall remain "¶And the comtmittee have directed thie minutes of evidance taken before thema to be 1-id before your LJnrdships. {Ny 20y-z." - .
THE AXNGLO-ITALIAN LEGIOIV. (FrPOMq OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MALTA, MLAY 14. By the last mail I sent you a few lines reporting the assasbinationi of a police-officer by some soldiers of the Anglo-Italian Legion, and also some subsequent collisions between the soldiers and the people, which at one time threatened very serious consequences. It may be as well now to give you some general and impartial information which I have been at some pains to collect touching the real cause of these differences. Shortly before the arrival of the Italian Legion secret societies in general, and Freemasonry in particular, were the theme of the Roman Catholic preachers, and ever since its arrival in the island the Ordini, a paper published here under the influence of the Jesuits, and professing the same prmiciples as the Uuicirs of Paris and the Armonia at Tuxin, has been heaping abuse upon the Anglo-Italians, and the reverend fathers of the Society of Jesus and other friars and priests have not scrupled to anathemiize them from the very pulpits, denouncing them as excommunicated infidels, and enemies of the Roman Catholic church. The inhabitants of Malta are by no means so enlightened a people as, after a 58 years' British rule, they ought to be, and the mere fact that some few soldiers of the Legion had fought against Pio IX. in the ever memorable year 148 has been quite sufficient to inspire the Maltese with anything but a friendly feeling towards them. Like all southern people, the Italian soldiers are much given to noisy exclamations, they swear frequently, and at times break out into blasphemy. These habits caused much disgust to the Maltese, who, though not very nice in their own oaths, bringing in fathers and mothers mostly unceremoniously, still do not like to hear the names of their favourite patron saints taken in vain, and accordingly seem to have made up their minds from the very beginning to show the soldiers of the Legionhow much they disapproved their behaviour by applying to them such epithets as " Ineraic di CrEisto," " Scomnrunicati," and " Car,ne renduta," which, it must be confessed, are neither pleasant to ears polite, much less flattering or conciliatory. The fi-st real cause of difference occurred as far as five weeks back, when a soldier of the 1st Regiment, returing to his quarters rather the worse for liquor, was upbraided by a Carmeite friar whom he muet for using the name of the Madonna in an unbecoming manner. He replied by boxing his reverence's ears, for which he was seized by the police, and the next day sen tenced to two months' imprisonment. Since this event nothing occurred until Tuesday last, the 6th inst., although hundreds of the soldiers repaired daily to V,aletta, and mixed freelyamong the people. On the evening of this day some soldiers got quarrelling in the street with the Maltese, a scuffle ensued; one of the soldiers drew a knife, when his comrade, in interfering to prevent his using it, received a severe wound in the chest. The police fell upon them in numbers, arrested v 1 the soldiers, and marched them off to prison, illtreating them on the way and allowing the people to pelt them with stones and strike them. This treatment caused much ill-feeling among the soldiers of the Legion, and they determined to have their revenge or vendetta on the next occasion. The following evening a party of some 50 soldiers crossed over to Valetta, shouting loudly in the principal streets, and soon caused that disturbance which, apparently, they desired, and the interference of the police. The soldiers drewtheirbayonetsandstabbedthepoliceinspector, M. Caruana, to the heart. They then retreated towards the quarantine harbour incompact order andeffected a safe and unmolested retreat to their quarters at Forb Manuel and the Lazaretto. This deplorable act greatly exasperated the Maltese, and they in their turn swore vengeance against the Legion. The next day (Thursday) soldiers of the Legion were attacked by the people in the streets of the town, and three officers had a regular hand-to-hand struggle with the populace. They had found an unfortunate soldier or bandsman of the Legion who had been knocked down, and was being inhumanly trampled upon and pounded by the people, some of whom were holding him forcibly down on the ground. On attempting to rescue him the ire of the populace was directed against them, and they had to retreat towards the steps leading down to the Quarantine or Marsamuscetto Harbour, amid a shower of stones, keeping the people off with their drawn swords. One of them was severely hurt by a flowerpot hurled at his head, having the bridge of his nose smashed and his right arm seriously injured. The other two escaped with bruises and contusions. As soon as the Anglo-Italians on the Fort Manuel island in the Quarantine Harbour became aware of what was takdng place at Valetta-for they could distinctly see the mob from their barracks in Fort Mranuel-a general cry of aZl arenz resounded through the barracks and Italian camp. All rushed to their arms, some even loaded, and made for the water, but fortunately no boats were at hand and they could notget across. Otherwise bad would have been made worse, and the quiet suburbs of Valetta might have run some risk of being sacked. The authorities immediately took the most energetic measures. The garrison was called out, and the Hannibal screw liner and Spiteful team-sloop of war were sent round into Marsamuseetto, from the Great Harbour, and stationed on each side of Fort Manuel, so as to prevent any attempt on the part of the Anglo-Italians, and their ammunition was removed. The sensation and alarm occasioned by these events were quite out of proportion to the cause, and both the people and the Legion seem to have made rather a wild estimate of their relative grievances. The AngloItalians were kept confined within barracks for the following three days, but since the day before yesterday three men from each company have been permitted to visit the town. Everything is now perfectly quiet, though a number of additional guards have been established, and pickets are continually parading the town. The death of xL Caruana, the police officer, is a most deplorable occurrence, for he was genetally esteemed, and had never shown any inimical feeling towards the Legion. It is as much regretted by the latter as by the Maltese themselves. He has left a widow and a large family of seven clhildren, for whom the officers and soldiers of the Legion are making a collection of one day's pay. The main cause of the attack made on Thursday upon the officers and soldiers at Valetta may be attributed chiefly to a most unwise and incomprehensible proceeding on the part of the superintendent of police, at the suggestion, it is said, of the Maltese clergy, in publicly exposing throughout the day and a part of the night the mangled body of this unfortunate victim, The sight of a fellow-countryman who had fallen by the hands of one or more of the excommunicated Italian soldiers naturally caused great exasperation among the lower orders and rabble, and undoubtedly originated the cowardly attack upon the officers which soon spread such general disturbance throughout the town and enlarged the sphere of contention. It may now be reasonably hoped that the quarrel is dying out. Considerable numbers of Anglo-Italians have been spending their afternoons among the Maltese, and we have not heard of any further collisions.
B?OYAL COMMISSION OF THE PATRIOTIC FUND. The following retina has been forwarded to us for publication:- Peace having been proclaimed, the Royal Commissioners of the Patriotic Fund at their last meeting decided on the following increased scale of allowances to widows and orphans of non-commissioned officers and privates of the army and Roral Marines, and petty officers and seamen of the iiavy, which will be brought into operation on the earliest possible date-viz., the 1st of the ensuing quarter (being an increase of Is. per zweek for each class on the scale iiow in force):- And to the widows and orphans of colonels, annualy, 66L.; and for each child, 161.; lieutenant-colonels, annually, 531., and for each child, 161. ; majors, annually, 461. and for each child, 14L.; captains, annalOly, 371., and for each child, 121.; lieutenants, annually, 301., and for each child, 101. ; ensigns, annually, 271., and for each child, 101.; with corresponding ranks in the Royal Navy. These allowances give to the widows and orphans of officern above the rank of major a sum equal to two-thirds of the ordinary pension, and to the whole of the ordinary compassionate allowance, and to the widows and orphans of officers bWow that rank a sum equal to three-fourths of the ordinary pension, and to the whole. of the ordinary compas£ionate allowance. Wbhere no pension is granted the allowance from the Patriotiz Fond to be in accorCance with the scale paid by the queen's regulationg. All allowances are subject to the conditions contained in the Royal Commission, and the adoption of the two preceding scales vwll ental an increase of aboat 12,0001. per anntnm in the o%penditured6 the Fund. There are at prcsent in. rcceipt of allowances,-officers7 wi&oj 74; children, 143; .o,rphans who have lost both -arents,.; non-comminii,ioned omaers' and tei?widows, ;hildren, 3,310, woh w;have lostboth pweits, 1X3... _
HER MAJESTYS THEATRE. The cast of IBarbicrc di Siviglia was varied on Thursday night by the deblnt of M. Salviani, a young tenor from Florence, who sustained the character of Almaviva. le has an organ of considerable power, and his romanz in the first scene, wvhich was marked by a great deal of feeling. gained him the distinction of a call. The occasional want of firmness in his notes may, however, fairly lead to the supposition that he has not yet surmounted the nervousness incident to a first appearance. Madame Alboni was, if possible, more exquisite than ever in the execution of lHummel's " Variations," delighting her audience by the magic of her voice and her perfect mastery over its resources. Her second verse was unanimously encored. A new ollet dirertissenent, entitled La Manolo, was performed for the first time in lieu of Les Quatre Saisoazs. Although less than an hour in length, it has somethinglike a plot. One Don Diego, a fierce-looking middle-aged gentleman, designs to marry his daughter Batilda to the UMrquis de Pomponas, whose costly presents completely win the paternal heart. Bnt Babllda loves Count Rodolfo, and would die brok-en-hearted were it not for the ready wit of her servant, La Manola, who undertakes to preventthe hateful match. La Manola's expedient is a simple one, but it fully answers the purpose. Sheassumesthe attireofher mistress, whom the ?arquis has never seen, and by aU sorts of Terpsichorean feats, annoys him so terribly that he abandons the field in high dudgeon, leaving the coast clear for his more fortunate rivaL This preliminary business being settled, the regular work of the divertissentezt commences in honour of Batilda's nuptials. The dances now introduced are most admirable. Madame Albert Bellon, who has acted La 3tanola in the opening scene, and in that character has indulged in all sorts of pleasant agaceries, now half fascinatigher victm, now almost rudely tormenting him, appears in a pas de deux, the adage of which abounds in peses of the most novel and extraordinary kind. Indifferently executed they would be hideous, but3ladamo Bellon renders them even poetical In the quick movement her sudden stops and rapid transitionS have a most remarkable effect; she is great in eccentricities, whether of the sparl;3ing or the sentimental kind. In a grand pas de quatre that follows, combining the talents of 3lademoiselles Xatrine, Lisereux, Clara, and Pierron, the first-named lady reigns paramount, going through those marvellous bounds, or rather flights that created such a sensation on the night of her debdt, and lead to the surmise that she may one day reach the very highest position attainable by a danscuse. She is not playful, she does not coquet -with her art, but in all her iovements there is a combination of grandeur and ease that at once denotes a right to supremacy. A pretty characteristic pas de deux, in which a lively flirtation is carried on by two ladies, one in male attire, brought back au opera favourite of former days, Iademoiselle Rosa, who has achieved great renown in St. Petersburg since we saw her last. She looked amazingly well, and danced with the greatest vivacity, as the smart cavalier of the pas. The great merit of this divea-tirscnnzee consists in the sldllwith which it is adpted to talents of the most varied Idnd. Mademoiselles Katrin Bellon, and Rosa are as distinct as possible from each other, but the style of all are displayed to equal advantage The presence of Madame Piccolomini in one of the boxes excited much interest among the audience. Her dGbUU is definitively fixed for this evening (Saturday).
BOYAL ITALIAN OPEBA. Last season Rigoletto could not be given for want of Roncont and the repertoirc was thus deprived of an attractive work. This year, however, thereturn of the great dramatic barytone has reversed the order of things, and Rigoelto was produced on ThuIrsday evening under circutmstances eninently favourable. There are many reasons to account for the popularity of this lyric melodrama. The piece itself though extravagant, is full of a sort of wild theatrical interest. lRigoletto (the Triboulet of Le Boi s'amause-which has furnished the libreao of the opera) is perhaps the most powerfully drawn characterof Victor Hugo. The fourth act contains Verdi's best music; and nine persons out of ten, endowed with an ear for tune, will leave the theatre, after the representation, himming, either audibly or mentally, the melody of "-a donna e mobile," w ith the rich tones of Mario's voice vividly impressed upon their memory. Last, and not least, the performance at the Royal Italian Opera is in all respects first-rate; and it would be impossible to look for a more pzowerfulimpersonation of the five principal characters. All t.heseconditions were united on the present occasion to insurea(successfulresult. Rigoletto was never betterplayed, and was never heardwith more unanimous satisfaction. Signor Ronconi has rarelv portrayed the various emotions which exhibit the unlucLk jester under such strongly opposite characteristics with more masterly shill. The scene in the ducal palace, where, after the abduction of his da-ughter, Rigoletto is jeered at by the courtiers, would have'done honour to any actor. The sudden transitions from a painfully feigned buffoonery to the deep grief of a heart-oroken man-a father robbed of his only child, and vainly seeking to penetrate the secret of her abode-were managed vith a delicacy worthy of the highest praise. Nothing could be more striking from a dramatic point of view, and yet nothing more exquisitely naturaL The transformation of Rigoletto from a heartless jester to a human being, with feelings and affectionswhich placehimbefore theaudiencein a much higher light than thefrivolousegotistswho surround him at the court, was presented with consummate art. The denunciation of Monterone, whom the buffoon has outraged when, as a father, he should inwardly have pitied him, pursues Rigoletto throughout : and the curse was not once alluded towithout an involuntary shudder, with which Ronconi possessed the secret of making his audience fully sympathize. The last scene, where Rigoletto fmds his daughter in the sack, in lien of the Duke, his anticipated victim, was wonderfully fine, and the half-suppressed convulsion with which, for the last time, he ejaculates the words, so often on his lips-" Ah, la maledizione l",-fallig senseless, as he utters them, by the side of the murdered Gilds, was an impressive climax to a really great performance. Signor Ronconi's execution of the music in BigoZetto, allowingfor certain defects of voice, and occasionally of intonation, which in him are rooted and physical idiosyncrasies, rose with his acting. Hiis supplication to Giovanna to wateh over Gilda-" VegFlia, o donna questo fiore"-was persuasively tender; his defiance of the scoffing courtiers-" Corticiani, vil razza dannata" -instinct with dignity, and Iisa affectionate address to his daulghter, whom he has rescued from degradation-" Piangi, fanciulla !"-is in the highest degree pathetic. Madame Bosio maybe said to have surpassed all her previous efforts. The difficult music allotted, with such lavish prodigality, to Gilds, was never so admirably sung as by this accomplished lady. The duets with Rigoletto and the Duke, following each other in direct succession, and the solo air-" Caro nome che il mio cor"-which comes in immediately after the last of them, were one and all delivered -with surprising brilliancy and ease. The Duke of Mtantun is a part especially suited to Signor Mario, whose performance on Thursday night, from beginning to end, justified all that was lately recorded of his Gennaro. The two airs-" Questa o quella" and "Parmi veder le lagrime " (at the commencement, respectvely, of the first and second acts) although they exhibit the character of the easy libertine, with sufficient felicity, under its antagonistic phases of carelessness and genuine sentiment, are not by any means striking as musical displays; but the last act makes amends for allL lHere occurs, besides the starkling air, " La donna e mobile,"-a quartet combining the most ingenious situation with the best music of the opera-that in which the Duke pays court to Magdalen (sister of Sparafucile, the assassin), mn the interior of the inn, while Iigoetto, outside, is brooding revenge and exciting the jealousy of Gilda. This quartet, whether as regards singing or acting, was beyond criticism. The last movemeat, "Beila figlia dell' amore," the subject of which was delivered with unrivalled sweetness by Mario, was redemanded with acclamations; and the four performers (Mesdames Bosio and Didice, Signor Mlario and Ronconi) were compeled to repeat it. The praise bestowed two years since upon Madame Nantier Didiee's MIagdalen and Signor Tagliafico's Sparafucile was more than ever warranted now. They were, both of them, as correct in exection as PictUreSque in conception. Nor must a word of acknowledgment be withheld from Signor Polonini, whose declamation in the scene where Count Monterone is led to execution, in presence of the conscience-stricken Riaoletto, was appropriately emphatic. 'I'he opera was as carefully placed upon the stage as any of its predecessors; the orchestra and chorus, under Mr. Costa, were admirably efficient; the audience thoroughly pleased; and at thconclusion the chief performerswere nanimously called before the cuain, and applauded with enthusiasm.
DBURY-LANE THEATBE. Mr Florence, the American actress, who astonished the London world by the truly "go-a-head" geniality with which she made her debot in the Yankee HUseccepCer, does not repose on the effect of a first sensation. Another piece, not a whit better than the first, considered as a drama, but well adapted to the same purpose of displaying the New England " star," exhibits her ina newlight. As the "Yaklee housekeeper" she made us learned in Maine peculiarities of voice andmanner; inMischierousA j 71iC(the newer piece)she successively represents half-a-dozen different characters, comprising a Spanish dancer and a British tar, who executes a hornpipe. Varioiis, however, as are the parts she assumes, she shows in them all that recl;ess abandonment to the spirit of the situation that constitutes her principal charm, and distinguishes her from every contemporary actress. When she dances a hormnipe she does not soften it into a lady-like sort of affair, but fearlessly puts on long familiarity with salt-water usages; when she takes the character of a semi-idiot she enlarges the smile to one huge vacant gri, and deluges her headwith a cataract of disheve11ed hair. Possibly she may now and then lay herself open to a charge of exaggeration, buther very style shows that such a charge would cause her small annoyance. Weakness she -would shun at any price, but she would not flinch from a little extra demonstration of strength; she resolves to colour highly, and she carries out her resolution to the utmost. WThere others of her compatriots have gained mild approval by copying the manners of their Transatlantic home, she has created a sort of furore, is talked about as one of the notabilities of the day, andis selected for imitation by M2r. Woodin, as a figurewith which every one is supposed to be familiar. This is a pure triumph of originality.
THE A= i THE Cr.nnA --ND CovN-GARDn THEATRE.-Colonel H. Wellesley has remitted to Mr. Mfitchell, of Bond-street, the sum of 701., the produce of a dramatic entertainment given at the Campbefore Sebastopol by the officers of the 7th and 22d Fusileers and Rifle Brigade, to be distributed among the sufferers by the late fire at Covent-garden Theatre. APOT}IEC S-ITA .- The following are the names of gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, the 22d of MAy :-Mesgrs. John H enry TukLe, Stratton, Cornwall; William Druce Cattle, Kemspsey, Worcestershire; William Pglle Hugoe, St. Track, Cornwall; Owen -Tucker, Arsny; and Copley Jabez Carr, Edinburg. On account of the public rejoicings the esamination at the hall will be po@tmgpcd from hrsdTy,the 29th, to IFriday, Ibe 30th inst. . - -I
ADELPHI THEATRE. The title-A Bottle of Snwk&--given to a new farce at this theatre is accrate to the highest degree. Smoke, inthe physical setse of the word, gives rise to an empty suspicon, which is si,.ke eiuthe metaphorical sense,and thewholepieoe is of that unsubstantial character for which smoke is the readiest s3IboL Lacy Ma un (tissiWyndhfr)is a yorng and erceedini pretty srti.e, who paints fwowers for the bazaar, ane s courted by tr. John Cambricson (lr. Wright), a linendraper of higa degree, glorying in thoeproprietorshrp of "cerino-hduue." As the love of this interesting pair isy mutual, auu bth position of Miss Morton csunot be othewise thanbethert, by an cnions uith her adorer, thereswould seem no otak ace to happiness. But Mr. John Cambrisonot is of a sushiicauus turn, and he has noticedin tLcy's room a certan odour ot tuacco, fromwohich heinfersthatLthe young lady occasiuiv Jiy cheers her o olitude bya favte-ttc wit some other saain. On the strength of this surmise he be. comes so volent in his wretchedness as pi ost to terrify his saweetheart, utilc conscious of her own rectitude, she, allows somethiog like contempt and indirnation to take the place of alarm. Cambrison, 'who is not to be bullhed ct of his fancies, pretends to retire sofi really hides himnself in a cupboard, where he imoifha anew the uuwelcume odours, and hears lucy indulging i fond converbe wvith-whom9.-with a favourite flowexs his owus love gift, 'which was perishing for 'want of air, and which she is endeavouring to revive by famigation. Re has only toysl it pardon, andhshe togrant it, andathen the piece is olver. Itf socarcely neces6ary toremark that the successof so, slight apinch depends anlost entirely on the talent of the actors. Mr. Wright's delineation of jealousy, beginningI awith bland iuendoes, and rising to wid ectravgutce, is isn hisbest style of grotesque humour. For MesstWyndhae the perforumance of Lucy Morton will probably mark a newr epoch. As a clever sprightly actress she haas been known for some time, but that she can adequately support Xt characterinuwhich the feelings are all of a subdued kind and everything has to be done by a delicate truthfulness in the delivery of the dialogue, is now first demonstrated.
UAiVERS1TY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, MAY 23. -L11e Umversity sermons on ;hnnay next are appomtet to be preached, in the morning by the Rev. E. A. Litton, -of Oriel College, Bampton Lecturer; and in the afternoon by the Rev. Dr. Jacob, of Worcester College. The sermon on Thursday (Restoration) will be preached at Christchurelt by the Rev. EL L. Mansel, of St. John's College. lIrs. Denyer's Theological Prize has been awarded to Ixr. Henry Boyd, of Exeter College. The following gentlemen were this day elected to the Open Scholarships at Brasenose College:-Mr. Charles. Salmnon, Mr. Francis Law Latham, from Rugby School. Mr. George Richards, from Cheltenham College; Mr. Henry Ware, Conmmoner of Trinity College, and late of Xing' College, London. lAx. W. Berkley, from Islington Scho, 'was awarded a scholarship of smaller value. There were 37' candidates.ad at o Kei The following gentlemen were this day elected Post. masters of Merton College :-MI. Arthur Sells, Commoner of Pembroke College; .Mr. AlfredDeey (mathematical) from Merchant Taylors' School; and Mr. George S. L. Pole, from Highgate SchooL Mr. MNurray H. Matthews, of University College, was also elected Jackson Scholar. Dr. Ogle, the Regius Professor of MEedicine, has given notice that the examination for the degree of Bachelor of Medicine will be held on Monday, May 26. There will be an election to two Scholarships at Wadham College, and probably a third, on Monday, the 50th of June next. They will be open to natives of Great Britain ander 19 years of age. Candidates are desired to call upon the Warden on \'Vecnesday, the 25th of June, at 5 o'clock, bringing with them certificates of their parents' marriageand of their own age and baptism, as well as testimonials of good conduct. CAMBRIDGE, IL&Y 23. Sir William Browne's Gold Medals have been adjudged as follows:- GRExKOD}-Subject, "'leucatePromontorium"-Charlc5. Stanwell, St. John's College. E! LATIN ODE.-Subject, "IasuPorsennV"-Herbert Snot, St. John's College. EPICRsAMs.-Ureek, " KaKoV .-o gaXov )V 71 it? Katpov7VX?I. L,Tur.-" Quod non opus est asse carum est"-G. C. Clark, Trinity College.
SHIP NEWS. MTVIRPOOTL MAVY 9 . The Mary B. Balch, arrived here to-day from New Orleaus, saw- - three large icebergs on thelOth of May in lat. 41, long. 48, and many more on the 12th, in lat. 45, long. 41. WAY 23. V-ma S. A fire brolke out in one of the sheds at }Luskisson Dock mam night. The sheca was eeriously damaged. anda considerable portion of tho goods (about 100 packages) in it burnt. The steamers Arabia, Cambria. and MSIargaret were cutfromitheir moorings, hauledinto the doc4k and escaped inJory. Arrlved.-Tbe steamer Thessalia, from Constantinople-the Jane. and Esther, from Alexandria-the Tres Hernanos, from Bordeaux, Off.-The May, the Julia, and the Irene. Sailed.-The Helen Lindsay, for Bombay-the Marsbideld, for Trieste-the Town of Liverpool, for Bahia-the Shepherdess, for Quebec-the Eleanor Dixon, for Arice-the Golden Eagle, for - -the Albertina. for St. Petersburg-the Bell Portena, for Aricbatthe Mnscougus, for Philadelphia-the Aurelie. for Bordeaux-the It C. Winthrop, for Baltimore-tho Emily. for ahinunerfest-the Callender, for Glocester. United States-the Washington, for Singapore-the Albert Gallatin, for New York. L sDONp Mas 23.-Wind atl oon, S. moderatebreeze, andfine, B1AoxnTL, VMay 2L-Arrived-The Hamburg brig Antelop from rio Janeiro. Sailelo-Tho Wiroem ubnst, forCork. May 2.-Wind, S.W., and fine. SoiUNAAGoH, May 23.-The steamer North Star, from fMesmna, reporte that the schooner Danliel Park:er, of New. Orlearls,froma Bagor for New York, has been totally preckaeDeon the West Sdwich Beach She also reports having passed numerous fragments of wreck dn broken spars between laung 48 and 26. BarsALTe, May 23.-ArTived, the Queen, from Scilly-thAniedo, irom Liverpool-the Bonit, freme Dublin Sail ti, the elena,gfor Cardiff-the Chmilla. for Waterforhl-the Calpso tr DubHina-the Princess Boyal, for Bideferd-the Neathobbey, for sieathm Du v, Mlay 20.-The Commodore, of Greenoak, from londonderry for this port, in coming up the Cmhannel on the 15Wh of Mao drifted on toarock, store inherlarboardbov, fdiled, andoentdown, Afterltaingeoutabout4h hags of meal andfour, eucceededincgettm her alongsde the quay this day, and the cargo ri dasrharging. Gmfrec re, pays 1.-The trasport Hereford.hire, from I.ondon which arrived hereaonthe 14th of iay. asain contact in ex engclis Che nelyon the 5th of M\fay W ith the Dutch gaDiut Met Hermina, from Mdadeira for Hamnburg. The galiot foundered immediately; mate and a passengermisang. TheCCountess of Durham, from Malta for Quebecw 0 as in cont;tvitha si chooner on thet c th instl,audre ceived somTe damage. Comad-seos e, M may 12.-Three vessels, suppsee dto be British, have been treckerdwithythe last eightortenweCks on the Asoatic side ef the Black Sea. GorrIespua, MIay 17.-Ui p to this mornid 2,606 bales of cotto baverbeen sved from theawreck of the S. C7. Thuring, ashore atloesoe, about 130 bales ofpwbieih are damaged. The betwveen deck;s are empty;the rest, lrMin the lower hold, wilibe soased. Several b of mahogany, the stump of a mast, andg a great quantit Auiage,ared atHBanrneter, hichonthle same day had expterience a hea- y gale from W.d.W. GIVESEND, MAY 22. (BY SCB:MAzm% AND Bnnrsn TosrAIfL) IFrom Lloyd's.) Asrved,-The steamer Conltess of Lordalc, from Hhamburo-tho Betty, from Caen-the Julius, fromu anther. MAY 23. 930 a.m.-Wind, W.; tide, six hours' ebb; oudy. Asrived.-ThePet, froanfansc-theVenut, from Agger-theliano d. from Cadiz-the Breeze, from St. Ume's-the Osisee, from Dantntc. Saihed.-ThemerCity of London adothe Cithofe oribr, for Dun}irk-the Tasmania, for Bordeaux. 1 p.m.-Wnd, W.; tide, three hours' fiood lue. Arrived.-The steamer Lord I Pussel, fromaDt kirk-theVest nindeu, from Mpemelthe nlustavs, from Skies-the steamer Sylih, from Boulsue-the Citizen, fromBruogo the Huerald, fres Guernsey -the uthrora, from Bfnges-theyCharles. from Da nkirk. Tailea-The steamer Panther, for Boulos e. 3 p.nm.-Wind, S.W.; tide, hign w ater; fine. Arncved.-The Bannister, from Danicl-tho steamer LJtena, from larberg-the Elizabeth Taylorsen, from lemel-thr Mermaid, front Guernsey-the Conottintlto, from Dantelc--tho Funf Gebroeder, from Ityssund-the Derwveutwater. from Hlobart Town-the Venus, from Blrden-tho Die Larben, from Bantc-the A hwal, from Guernseyv 7 30.-Wind,W.* tide, sixth hoo's ebb te oudy, and rain. Arrived--Tho Forest Queen, from Caen-thc Reformationt fro Jersey-the Igiar Fatuus, from Mogadur-thoEodwrard, from Calta, aailedo-The steamer Drcarn,foromaawburg-the Shanghai, d or Swan River. DRAIx 7tr 23. (Br SunmairB5En AXD Blernah Trczer.Arn.) From Lloyd'e 9 a.im.-W-md, W.S.W.; moderate. Passed.- Tem Fantom, from London for Jamaica-the Cherub,feom London f or Naples-the Choice, fromBondon for Genoa. Anehored,-The Josephus, fromLondenfor C^diff-he Early Bird. from london for Bordeaux-the Panther, fromLondon forCalcutt TNoon.-Wind, W.S.W.; modrate. Passc20 -Th. Live Yankee, from Calcutta For London, in atow-te Patricia, from London for Jamaica-the 9ra, from London for Leghoen. Anahoreda-The Maria, from London for Cuba-the Egoert, oromI lon.don for laon ceston. 2p.m.-WmCd,W .SW.- moderate and line. Passe;L-The bark Earl, from the westward-the Indemnity, from felbourne-the ship Archibald MyMllan, from Trinidad-the ibri3 w allowi,fromthe westward; aUfor London, Tke Snrprise, forleg,g horn-the Portland, for Sydney-the Challenger, for Hcangkoog-ihe Tasmania, for Bordeaux-the GuidingStar, for Port PhiLlip; all N London, Anchored.-The Colesbcrg, ior Shanghai-the Maria Jalcob, foe Batavia-the Alide, for Jamaira-the V pavenscraig, foi Madras the Fler de Porto, for iasbon; all from L,ondon.: 7 30 p.m.-Wmd, S.S.W., moderate. Arived and PasedL-The Die Schawvble, from Rio Janciro-tbCo Tinto, fromFoee-how-.foe-the Owven Glendowver, fr3mBombay-tho Mary HIeozeil, from Rlangoon-the Breeze, from Oprteo-the 1oia from Alryab-the Mas B,elL, from Manritlus-theflelvar. from Case all for London-the fichard ll. from Foswey for ldridlesburt-itC ArnT, from L aaunceaton for London. Arrived and Anchored.-The Stebonheath, from Melbcomno for. London. The Arno resorts :-"31arch 5. spokeltho Benjamin Sarnier. in lat2D0305S., lomr.29 19 WV Apltl25, the ship Parker4tim lat 2 ,tOffN.. look. 3S5DW; M ayO, ehobark-iffey inlat 2923N.,long.2840WYt The barkmInr isEatus reports:-" Sday2t spoke el shipWilael. mina. of and from Amsterdam for Batavia showving no anwnher, In 13S. 39 288 ., long. 14 14 W." VsAsxch s firosd Wrrne The K Collins steamer, bound W., May 17g in lr.t. SD N., long. l9OW T .he SusauHPromtland, fromLI ivernoolr.tayS 8,inilat.51N I IN. 141 The Amoy. hound W. May15. in lot. 40 N., long. 38W. 2The Pick-ick, from Is;lay for Liverpool, April11t, in 1st. 21 S., long. -Theflemcrarz.boumd&8, April29, in lat. 19NX,lIong. A2W. The Anierian brig Uranus. May l. intat, 42 N , long. 39V. The Conrad, from Li1erpool for Valparsiso, Sarch i, in lat. a37,, T&nderewnres, from Catllao for Cowere, April 11, inlat,21S leng.28W. The Victoria, from Havannah, May13. in lat. 47 N., long. 34 W. The Amelia from Dieppe for Mauritirns, April 9, in lat. 23S., long.- 27 W., whichhad spoken the Clsmene, fromLijverpool for Calcuttal,Z - days out, on theIne. A large ship, all3black. apparentlythe maill hip for MelbDourne, Aptl 16. inlat.SN., long. 30. The Swedish barkcFamilies, for Stockholm, May 2, in 1st. 2 Uf lonz. 33W ' The Haimburg ship Louts Napoleon, with emgrnta, boeodW4 Miay13, inlat.40 N.,longz.37W. TheAmerican ship Old England. May12. The Prism nfrom the C3yde for ;Batvl, Aprill13.rin lat. 1 N., lemgi 24W.~~. RICH} WAXER AS LOND)ON.BRIDGB. Ti dayJ To-morrow. Mornincg ., * mkL *no1ater 4 I orning .. ,. miu. alar; Afternoonl ,, 68 sixa. after 4 Aftersoon .. 3C a aftwK
