DEATHS. Onx Wednesday,. April 30. afteLr a shlort illness, at Vittrce, in the 50th year of his age. Captain (Brevet-Major) Thomas Longden Place. He wras the second and last surviving of five sons of thle late Rtev. John Conyers Place, of Barnhull, Dorset. On the 26th ult., at Halifax. Novra Scotia, Brevet-M1ajor John Gore Ferns. late of [ler Msjeaty's 76th Regt.. eldest son of ttie late Thomas Birgh Fernds. R5l, county iucliu, deeply regretted by his family and friends. On VWednesday. the llth inst.. at No. 27, St. Patrick'S-EquaTe. Edin7 burgh, Mrs. Mary 6tewart, aged SI. On the 13th inst., in the 84th year of his age. Mr. Thos. Mead, of Soho-3trert. P.eading. On the 17th inSt., Colonel Thomas Arzcott Lethbridge, late of the Rloyal Artillery, aged 53. On the 17th inst., at Laugholm Mfanse, X.D., the Rev. William B3erry Shaw, in the SId year of his age and the 55th of his ministry. On the Igeth test., at her residence in idldhnrst, Sussex, in the 67th year of ber age, Mfary, wvidow of the late Sanrel OUwtram Bacon. Eos1., and daughterof thelate Eev. Richard Pritchett, A.M.. rector of Layhamn, Siuffolk. On the 18th ist., at Harrogate. in the 69'h year of herage, 1ary. relIct of the late Joseph Thackwray. Esq., of Hlarrogate. On the 12th inst * at No. 14. Georgiana-street. Camdien-town, Robert Nettles Croker, M.D.. K.R.I.C.'o Service, in the 76th year of his age. oIn the lSth inst.. at the house of her brother. Alexander Ricbardson, Esq., Clarendon "ias, RichmondrnLd IHackney. Miss Sarad Anne Richardson. after a long illness, borne wilth fortitude and resiznation. On the lSth inst.. at Homboung, nelar Fransfort-on-the-3fain '3rgaret, the beloved daiughter of Daniel Bell, EAq., Milton HOUSe, Wands-worthi-road.
BOARD and. RESIDENCE, for married couple;s Bldies, and gentlemen, at 52,Great Ormond-street, Bussell-square, for.erly the mansion of Lord Thurlow. I2OARD and RESIDENCE, or Partial Board.- .J Any lady or gentleman seeking the above cas obtain cards On apl7icatien at Phillipes, 2, Store-street, Bedford-square. If by letter. :=res. Ni X. S. ttOARD and RESIDENCE.-South Coast.-There .L are VACANCIES for ladies and children, in a respectable establishment, pleasantly and healthily situate. within a convenient distance of the sea, the churcb, antd the railway.- Address 0. X, 3fr. Peake's, 2, Bedford-street, Strand. BOARD and RESIDENCE.- A gendleman and his wife can be accommodated with the same. or a gentleman, endag in town during the cay,would find this a convenient distance. The house is situate hailfa honr's ride by rail from London. and fire mninutes walk from a rrUway station on the North-Western Line. Address P., Marlboroagh Villa, Woodridings, Pinner, Middlesex. DOARD and RESLDENCE (PARTIAL).-WANT- .1 ED, by a lady and her maid, the above, in a respectable and religious family at Highgate. One good sized bed room and one smaller, wth a sitting room, for the beginning of July. Unexceptionable references given and required, Terms moderate. Address S. B., 23, Belitba villas, Is7lgton. I) OARD and RESIDENCE OFFERED in a small family, in the pleasant village of Stoke Newington. Omnibuses passwithin a4(L ride of town. Person, seeking a permanest abode willfindthisarery comfcortable home. Terms for two friends would be 12s. each per week. Address A. B., Mr. Chiaholm'a, baker, Highst.reet. Stoke Nsewitngeon. engaged in with gentle- furnished beet roomsare offeeryed,itOhf partalboard , oand tue of drawing and sitting rooms, at modeEate terms. Elderly gentlemen fond of a retired situation. yetcheerful society wil findthis offer advantageous. A pretty garden atnched to the house, and ominuitues to the city and west end close by every 1O minutes, fare 6d Unexcestionable references given and requested. For cards of address apply at Messrs. ouwe and Olipant stationers, 47, Threadneedle-street. city. 1)OULOGNE-SUR-MER.-BOARD and RESI- B DENCR-Madame Le AM.Sk , S7, rue NeuveChauesfe. Superior accommodation, with every comfort, i3 offered at her select estsb'ashmeut. N.B. Private sitting rooms if reqiired. .1RIGHITON.-BOARD and RESIDENCE are OFFERED to two or three ladies, in a fir5t-cla's mansion, in the best part of Brighton. Terms from 35s. to three guineas a wee... Tbe highest references given and required, Addhess to J. T., 37, Templestreet, Brighton. PARIS.-BOARD and RESIDENCE, wvith every L family comfort, in a genteel French family, near the Champs JIEyces. Terms £6 per month. Address Madamo B., rae des Ecuries d'Artois, No. 12. 13A.TTIAT BOARD and RESIDENCE WANTED, J by a gentleman, engaged in the city during the day, in the neighbourl,ood of Blackheath, Lee, or Sydenbam. or anywhere near to a' railway station. Address, stating terms, which must be moderate, to 0. G.. Young Men's Christian Institution, Aldeiegate-street. ALAI)Y wishes to meet with two or three LADIES, to share ,vith her the comforts of a wel regulated COUNTRY HOME, or young ladies desirous of continuing their studies. Terms moderate. Addrcss to A. B. C., Mr. Itolandi's, 20, Berners-strest, Oxford-street. ASmall private FAMILY, moving in the best A society, wish to meet with a GENTLEMAN to REtIDE with them. Adequate terms expected for theadvantagesoffered. Applyby letter to C. B, care of Miss Stone, 21, Henmietta-street, Cavendishsquare. K ENSINGTON-PAR .-Superior BOARD and RESIDoNCE, with all the comforts of a home, to be had in a private famil, where the numger receive is limited to six. Tho house snewlyfunished and the rooms are spacious. Terms two gairueas. AddrestoB.B.,4, Ladbroke-road, Notting-hill. VISITORS to LONDON.-68, Mortimer-street.- Well.aired BEDS, good Breakfast and Sitting Room, for 4s. a day, in a large private west end house, healthily situate, near Regent-street. A large bed room for a married couple. Address MrArnold, 6S, Mortimer-strect, Cavendish-square. flYDROPATHY.-MOOR-PARK. near Farnhan, Surrey, three miles from the Camp at AidershoUt and formerly the residenco of Sir WiUiam Temple and Dean Swift. Physician E. W. LANE, A.M., M.D. dinL Dr. Lane may be consulted in London, at 61, Conduit-stree treet, every Tuesday. between blalf-pastl2 and 2. rro INVALIDS.-A married physician, occupying a .k large house, in an open and healthy part of London. has accommodation for an invaid requiring special medical attention. Direst to A. B., care of Messrs. Arrowsmith, SO, New Bond-street. T°O I1NVALIDS.-A physician, residing within a T OL mie ~of HJyde-park, who has had considerable experinene in the treatment of persons mentally afflicted, wouild be happy to RECEVE into his house a LADY or GENTLEMTAN who may require the comforts of home, with the care and attention necessary for their ultimate recovery. Address 3f. D., Mr. Win(Udle's, cbymist. Maida-hill. ('IOLETHALL-HOUSE INVALII) ESTABLISH. %J MEXNT for parties requiring change of air, vith medical attention, good society, and amusements so necessary to the invaUd in search of nealth, combined with every luxury, comfort, aud attention desirable. Patients can receive the advice of the most eminent men attending the establishment, or their own mnedical attendant from London if preferred. Disteiic five miles. Every means used for the recovery of patients suffering from highly nervous or mental diseases, Hot and cold baths. Boarders and visitors received on usual terms. Address bfr. B. W. Jacksonu, Fortes - reen, Mfuswell-hill, Hlornsey, Middlesex. W TATERt CURE.-Dr. CURTIN's HYDRO- PATHC ESABLIHMEN, Carigmhon,Monkstown, COk The situation is extremely healthful The Bristol and Cork gteamers stop close to this place. Very moderate terms. PA.RTMENTS, in New Bond-str t of A drawing room, bed and dressing room, elegantly Fnenisrd, Terms moderate if talken for a permanenuy. Apply at 99. APARTMENTS, or the whole House, to be LET, Furnisbeh, pleasantly situate, at Caldicott-hill, near Busheyheath. Inquire of Mr. Hill bufilder. A PARTALENTS, unfurnished-four rooms and kitchen.-27 A, Chepstow ViTlas, Keensington-park-gardens. Rtent £10. A P.A.1TMENTS, Furnished.-Islington.-To be LJE, one or twvo SITTIl'G ROOM,S and two or three BED ROOMIIS. tozether orssparate,-fi, Duncan-tefrrace, City-road. AI PARTMIENTS, Furnished (Piceadilly)-draving 13.. room dloor. commanding an extensgive and cheerful view. Extra rooms if required. Apply to William B'iggs, chymist, 36, Pieadilly, opuo'ite St. James's Church. A PARTMENTS, nicely Furnished, for a gentleman A or lady:-a Sitting and Bed RoonL No children or other lodgers Apply at 25, St. James's-street, near St. Peter's Church, Islington. No bil up. A PARTMENTS.-To be LET superior FUR- P'NISIED BED ROOM anid SITTING LOOM adoining. for a single gentleman. Rent Ills. per week; noeta.A lyt Albien Cottage. 13. Clarence-road, Kentish-teown. APARTIENTS WALNTED, furnished or unfur- Anished-sitting and two or threshbed rooms, with attendance, in Kenniglton or Valworth. Address, stating terms (which must be moderate), to J. J., post-office. Surbiton, Surrey. APART.MIENTS to be LET, Furnished, for a single gentleman or lady and gentlemau-a bed room and sitting room, with attendance; acoach-house and stable can be had if required. Terms moderate. For partieulars address, po,t pain, E. f.., 6, Bush Cottages. Finebley. A.PAtRTMENTS, Furnished, in Harley-street, for the remainder of the season, or by the year-Two large Drawing Rooms, Twvo beht Bed Rooms. and Dressig ditto, Two Serants' Booms. Goodcook andhossemaid kept. Address I,.I. , OHarleystreet. Cavendish-square. APARTMIENTS, in the best part of Brixton-a Drawring Boom. Bed Roonm, and Dressing Boom, wvith an exta Bed Boom if eqtuired, the wbole recently painted, papered, and furnished. Terms moderate. Oninibuses to all parts every five minutes. Apply to A. Z., Bartlett's library, 1, Alfred-place, North Brixton. , PARTIEN'TS, Futrnished, in a respectable house, An an airy situastion, overlool;ing a dielightful lasvn-asit-ing room jarid three be om,at the ver y low rent of £1 is. per week, suited for gentlemnen cngrged in the city. NXo other lodgers. Near rail and omnibus to all parts. App)ly at 10, Egmies-tenace, Grafton-road, Itentish-lown.-q A PARTMIENTS to be LET, at 20, Grosvenor-road, £3. Abbey-road, St. John's-wood-the drawing room foor and the front room over, well funished with clean bedns aid new farmitiwewith a quiet family having more houseroom than they want, and no children. Keep two servants. Situation very pleasant and airy, looking over to Hampstead and Highvate. Applv to A. B, as above. APAR,TwIENTS, handsomelyr Furnished, to be ALET. in the Alpha-road, St. John s-wood, in the cottage of a, private family-a drawing room, bed room adjoining, dresing room, and water-closet en smite. Flower garden of nearly half an acre attatbed. Terms, for a permanency, two guineas a week. Address Mrs. H olt, 3orley's library, Park-terrace. Regent's-park. pURNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED, imme- diately, bya gentleman, in the parish of St S.,viour's, Chelsea. Address, stating particulars and terms, to M. A., 111, Strand. 44lURNISHED APARTMENTS-a front and back JU bed room, with uee of sitting room. Terms 6s. and 5s. per week, Address 60, Tachbrook-street, Pimlico. URNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, at MeIrs. F Price's, 212 Piccadilly:-a First-flor Sitting Room and Bed Room, plate, linen, boot cleaning, and attendance. all for £2 2P. a-week; if taken for three months. £l 1. a-e-: by the year, less. FURNISHED APARTMENTS, pleasantly situate F on Haverstock-hil, admirably suited to gentlemen engaged in the city, beingwithin thrce minutes' walk of the Fenchlurch-streetBRilway Station, and omnibuses passingthe gate every 10 minutes Address to Vene7ia-hourse, 21. Haverstock-hill. [F1JRNISHED APARTMENTLS, in the houseof a .1 private gentleman-a large drawing room and bed morm. lookisg into a pleasant garden, for a singlo gentleman or lady. Terms, includ- igplate, hien,n andl good attendance, one guinea a week. Apply at 15. Queen-street, Bromptoe. FURNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED, for a widower tengaged d gving the dayt arid otishsrn roos yearsold)-a sitinroo (r ue fasitiyg rafew andle bedt roof Cabouthalfan hoir'st walkfrom the Pank northwSardls, wherde the rchilUd awould berated auhlrs one of the family. Address, stating terms (moderate), inclulingthe child'61board, to A. Z., 61, lterbest-otreet., HExnton. TTNFURNISHED APAltTAIENT,S iCANTED, highly respectable famuly, a few mutiwles wetst oef oChasiinghcross. iest to F. II. w,, 47. riccodilly. U NFURNISHED APARTMFENTS to be LETT-a Drawing Room Floor and K itelien, situate in the main road, Kingslaud. htentnot an object, provided the tenant is respectable. Apzply at Dlr. MIessiter's auction and estate office, 24, Acton-place, Kingsland-road. TTNFURNISHED--To be LET, near Bloomsbury- U square, a DINING ROOMr, kitchen, two rooms on second floor, two ois third floor, and the use of a furniLhed drawing room after 5 o'clock. Children objected to. Apply. po .t'aid. to 116, High Holborn. TTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET. U Bent £1 6 per annuim. Two sitting ronms, two bed rooms, and kitehen, and large garden. 21 miles from city or west end. Apply to Mr. lfmnphreys, on the bremises, 1, St. Mary-le-Strand-placeOld Kentroad. UNFURNISHED.-A handsome DRAWING B ROOM FLOOR. with second floor Wed room. 3itchen, coal vault and every nece-sary convenier,ce. No otlier lodgers. Omnibus and boats witbin three nihnites' walk. A servant's rooum, if required.-12, Bessboroughistreet. Pimlico. UNFURNISHED APARTMENTS,-To be LET, in the best part of Pimlico, writhin file minutes' walk of Pimlico Pier, and air easy distance of the omnibuses to the city, TWVO handsome ROOM3 S on the first Sleor. with tw, b'ed ronms snui front kitchen, all replete vith the conveniences of a m-nlern vwel-built house. Terms very moderate, witha reluction if taen for a permasency. Address blrs. Clark, ready-made linen warehouse, 99, Lupus-treet,St. George'sroad, Pimlico. rfO be LET, unfurnished, in the highi road to Hans_ mersmith, a short distance from Kensington, a SITTI-G ROOM. Twvo Bed Rooms, and Kitceieir. Rent £25 per annlm. For cards of address apply to A. B., Mlr. Blott's, baker, 239, High Holborn; or to M r. Russell. cordealer. 4. Tovares terrace. Hamirnersmith-gate. R AM11GATE.-FU.RNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED-double-beldel room and sittinr room-for a lsdy and two children, in a respectble house, with attendance and the usual domestic requirements The lowest weekly rent to be sent, addressed to H. P.. 10 a, ive,- oolrre-t. R inse s-cr. s. D EIGATE.-APARTMENTS, th Board, for a .1Ul few weekcs, maybe obtain,ed rubeut 10 miWnutes walk froma the station. The residence being in every respect -.uperior equivalent terms Will be expected. For particlarrs apply tn Kirkrman and Engieheart, 58, King Williamstreet. city. ald ISlaorheatil. Re,t. HIIANDOS-STREET, Cavendi6h-square, next door to the Austrian Embaosy.-TVtREE- elegarlt RECEPTION RB '4tOM. seven beds. gas an-i water laid on. plate, linen, chins. and glass, with excellent attendance and cooking-all suited to the nobility and gentry-are now VACANT. (iOUNTRY APARTMENTS REQUIRED, 15 or V 20 miles from town, near a station ,'f the South-Eastern or South westem Railways, to consistof sitting room and three or four bed rooms A farm-house prreferred. Address, stating particulars, P. ., 2.Piuaere'-couri. Old Broad-street. fIOUNTRY APARTMENTS WANTED, consisting ,Vof furished sitting and beI rooms. with attendance, or as Boarder in the residence of a respectable famlly, living in a healthy locality,and convenient to railway station. No objection to comfortable farm-house. The above required by a gentleman for a perm'nenoy, providing terms aremoderato. Also advatages offered of asocial abodc Particulars to A. B., Mr. Frasers, 2, Ballway-place, Gravesend.
.NAYAL 4ND MmITARY INTELLIGENCE. Oar Malta letter of the 11th inst. contains a good deal of naval and military news, which we subjoin:- " The Candia screw steam-transport arrived from Queenstown on the 29th of May, and left for Constantinople on the same day. " The Jura steam-transport. with stores from Deptford, and the Severn steam-transport, from Southampton, arrived on the 3lst, "The Severn left for Constantinople on the Ist, and the Jura, for Balak]ava, on the 2d of June. "Her Majesty's screw steamn-transport Transit arrived from Gibraltar on the 1st of June. "The Prince Arthur sCreW steam-transport arrived on thelhst of June from Liverpool, and left for Constantinople "The Victoria screw steam-transport arrived from Portsmouth on the 3d of June, and left on the 4th for Constanti-nople. "' The Oneida steam-transport arrived from KCingstown on the 6th, and left for Constantinople onthe Sth. "o The City of London steam-transport arrived from Leghorn on the 7th. " The Simla steam-transport arrived from Southampton on the 8th, and left on the following day for Constanti- " Her Majesty's screw steam line-of-battle-ship James Wat and the steam-corvette Desperate arrived from Plymouth and Gibraltar on the 9th ; the latter proceeded on the same day,and the former on the dayfollowiag, for thelBlack " The Queean Victrew steam-transport arrived from Kns Gibraltar on the 9th, " The Orinoco steam--transport arrived on the 10th from Sonthampton. " Her Majesty's screw steam line-of-battle-ship EBmouth arrived from Plymouth and Gibraltar on the 10th. " The Norman screw steam-transport arrived from Eingstonwn and Gibraltar on the 10th. "her Majesty's steam-corvette Consfict arrived on the 11th from Spithead and Gibraltar. "H er Majesty's screwv steam line-of-battle ship Brunswick arrived from Plymouth and Gibraltar on the 11th. " The Charity screw steam-transport left for the Crimes on! te 2th of Mfay, and on the same day the BahianLa and Nicholas WVood screw steam-transports left for Constantinople. " Her Majesty's steam-frigate Furious left for the&Black Sea on the 30th of May, and on the same day Her Majesty's corvette M-odeste for 13ngland. " HerMajesty's screw steam-transport Hesper, and Her Majesty's line-of-battle-ship Rodney left for Constantinople and Balaldava on the 30th. " Her Majesty's steam line-of-battle ship Royal Albert returned from a week's cruise in the Malta Channel on the evenimg of the 2d, and awaits the arrival from England of Sir Edmund Lyons, the naval commander-in-chief, when she will immediately proceed to the Black Sea. "TheAlps steam-transport arrived from the Crimea on the 29th of Mlay, and left for Gibraltar on the 30th. "Her Majesty's steam-transport Perseverance arrived from Constantinople on the 29th of May, and left on the "The Qaeen of the South screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava on the 29th of May. She left on the 31st for England. " The sailing transport-ship Arabia, in tow of the Queen of the South, arrived on the 29th of May. She left on the 31st. "The Adelaide screw steamn-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 30th, and left for the Crimea on the 31st. " The George Hawkins screw steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 30th of May, with stores for England, and left on the 1st of June. "The Rhersonese screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava on the 31st, and left for Gibraltar on the same day. " The Sydney screw steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 3d of June, and left for England on the 6th. "The Imperatriz screw steam-transport arrived on the 2d from Balaidava with ammunition. after landing troops she left on the Sd, on her return to the East. " The Thames steam-transport arrived from Balakilava and Scutari on the 3d, and, after lauding troops, left on the 4th on her return to the Crimea. "The Bacchante screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava on the 4th. This steamer left on her return to Constantinople on the 5th. " The Hydaspes screw steam-transport arrived from Balaldava on the 5th, and left for England on the same day. " The Foyle screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava and Corfn on the 6th, and left again for Constantinople on the 7th. " The Great Western screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava and Scutari on the 6th, and left for England on the 7th. "The Onward sailing-traisport arrived from Balaklava on the 6th. " The Norwegian bark Korswejen, -with military baggage, arrived from Constantinople on the 7th, and sailed on the 9th for Spithead. " The Robert Lowe screw steam-transport arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 8th. The Star of the South, sailing transport-ship, with stores, arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 9th. "The Medway steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 9th. "T'he Catherine, English brig, arrived from Constantinople on the 9th. "The Brenda steam-transport arrived on the 10th from Constantinople. "Her Majesty's screw steam line-of-battle- ship St. Jean d'ncre arrived from Constantinople on the lth. "The Cape of Good cope screw stenan-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 9th, and left for England on the " The Harbinger screw steam-transport arrived from Sratari with stores on the 10th. " Her Majesty's screw steam line-of-battle-ship Agamemnon arrived from Constantinople on the 11th. " The Pacific screw steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 11th. "The GreatoBo-itain screnwsteam-transport left for Gibraltar on the 29th of eay with the 30th and 55th Regimsents. " The French screw steamship-of-the-line Fleurus arrived from Tonlon and Algiers on the 3d, and left again fon Kamiesch on the same day. " The Empress screw stea -transport, from Marseilles, ara-ived on the 5th, and the Gorgone steam-corvette, from Toulon, on the 6th, on which day this latter left for Con stantinople, and on the I th the former. " The Provene, French screw steam-transport, arrived froms larseilles on the 8th, and left for Kamischn on thc "The Harmonie, English sailing-transport in the Ferench service, arrived from Constantinople on the 30th of iay, and left on the 1st of Junne for Marseilles. " The Meandre, French postal steamer, arrived froms Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra on the 4th, bringiag,t among other passengers for Malta, Mr: Frederick Guarracino. HEes Britannic Mlajesty's Consul at Sinope and Samsoon, on sick leave. " The Normandie, French screw steam-transport, with 52 officers and :505 non-commissioned officers and privateE and 10 horses, having in tow the American sailing-ship Celestial Breeze, with 4 officers, 429 non-commnissioned officers and privates, arrived from Kamiesch on the 7th. Both left on the 10th for Marseilles. " The Jena, French screw steamship-of-the-line, with 1,361 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, and the Phlegeton steam-corvette, with 400, arrived from Isamiesch and Constantinople on the 10th. "'he English steamer St. Patrick arrived from Constantinople on the 11th with 682 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the French army. and having in tow the American sailing-transport Britannia, with 603, holund to Marseilles. "The Dodo screw steam-transport, having in tow the Crest of the 'Wave sailing-transport, arrived on the atb from Genoa and Spezzia. Both vessels left for Constantinople on the 7th. "*The Pera, Peninsular and Oriental Company's mail steamer, arrived fromii Southampton and Gibraltar on the 29th of May, and left for Alexandria onthe 31st. " The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket Vectis arrived from MarseiUles on the 31st of Mlay. " The Carmel, French postal steamer, arrived from Marseilles on the Sth, bringin iMr. Charles Purdie, Foreignoffice messenger, with despatches for the East, who left in the same steamer for Constantinople on the s.me evening. " The Baalbec scrow steamer arrived from Liverpool and Gibraltar on the 3d, and left for Syra and Constantinople on the 4th. "Her Majesty's steam-packet Caradoc bas arrived from Marseiles. This vessel was sent to Malta to receive on board the daughters of Lord Stratford de Redeliffe, ivho having arrived in the Harbinger, she took her departure with them for Marseilles on the l1th." The screw steamship Sarah Sands, Captain Illesly, vhich arrived in Plymouth Sound on Thursday morning, left Balaklava, May 23; Constantinople, 25th; Malta, June 2; and Gibraltar, June 9. She has on board 175 men of the Royal Artillery and 101 horses, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Aybler, and the following officers:-viz., Brigadier-General Ridley, unattacled; Captains Smyth, Adams, and Dames; Lieutenants Thornhill and Alderson and Dr. Wyly, of the Royal Artillery; and Lieutenants Eamnerson, Cormack, Thackway, and Guard. At Gibraltar, June 9, were-Her Majesty's screw steam troopship Vul- can, 6, Commander George Le G. Bowyear; the paddle. wheel steam-sloop Vesuvius, 6, Commander G. Hore; and the screw mortarship Eurotas, 12, Captain William Moorsom; the steam-transports Etna and Queen of the South, and the sailing-ship Arabian. She arrived at Spithead yesterday ulools. The troops will land this morning and proceed to Woolwich. The Harier, 17, screw sloop, Commander Derriman, sailed yesterday from Spithead on a cruise to the westward. Yesterday being the anniversary of the accession of Her Majesty to the throne, the day was ushered in at Portsmouth by a rejoicing peal of bells from the old town church. At S o'clock the fleet dressed ship, and the Royal standard was hoisted on all Government establishments, and on the garrison filsgtaves. At noon a general Royal salute was fired by ships and garrison. The Seamen and Marines' Orphan Schools of Portsmouth (where a cettain number of the orphans of seamen and marines of the Royal Navy and Hon. East India Company exclusively are lodged, boarded, and educated-the boys for the service and the girls for domestic employment) has just received notice of a grant of 2,5001. in aid of its funds, from the Patriotic Fund Commission. At the request of the Schools Committee we publish the following additional contribution from the officers of the 62d and 63d Regiments:- "H Her Majesty's steamship rimalaya, May 3L " acknowledgement of the Divine goodness in having given us so prosperous a voyage, of the courtesy and kindness of the captain and officers,uand the friendly and obllgltn, behaviour of the sailors and marines, experienced by us ia x ourpassage from Malta to Halifs4 in Her Majesty's steam- Ehip Hiniaaya, we desire to subscribe to the funds of the IPortsmouth Seamesn and Mfarines' Orphan SchooLs, of which I this ship carries a receiving-box, testifying at the same time |our sense of the worth of an institution calculated to insulre a succession of the invaluable men now found in the Royal Navy:- 62d Regiment ..... . 8 2 a 63dlRegiment and Staff-Surgeon OdeXll 12 0 0 "E . Rowr.x, Colonel, 63d Rlegimnent. * ~~~" J. DAIJBEISEY, Lieutenant-Colonel, 62d steamship Hi;mailaya." -Captain Engledue, of the lIimalaya, by a small charge for seeing the ship w;hen first equipped, was the means of contributngseveralhundredpoundsinaid of thefdsof the Southampton Dispensary. The steam-transport Ripon, lSo. 2S, Captain Cooper, sailed on Wednesday from Southampton for Malta, with about 50 vomen and children, who could not be accommodated on board the steam-transport Colombo, which sailed for the Mediterranean on the 14th inst. The Ripon, after Clanding her passeugers, dll proceed to the Black Sea to bring home troops, &c. The screw steamernHammonia, latelyremployed inthe transport service, has been repaired, Nc., at Southampton, and sailed for Hamburg on Wednesday. l Yesterday beingthe anniversary of Her Majesty's accessiondto The throne, the Weilesley, 74, Captain G. Goldsmith, geardahiptof onrdiary at Chatham, dressed, and the other vessels at that station wM ere decorated ith lags. The Royal standard was hoisted at FortAmherst, Fort Clarence, The dockyard, and atthe other public offices, ad at 12 o'clock a Royal salute was fired from the saluting battery by a party of the Royal Marine Light Infantry. The folowimg appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty b tCommander sLaloyd, to the aonsidahce; Lieutenant Noel Osborn, to the Bosclwen; and Silas Waymouth, clerk, to the Brilliant. A coatraot for 2,000 quarters of wheat was taken at the Royal silliam Victuallmig-yard, Plymouth, on Wednesday-by Messrs. aurrteD and Crossing, 500 quarters at 75s.6d.; Collier, Brothers 500 quarters at 75s. Gd.; and Messrs Fox, Sons, and Co., 300 quarters at 75s. 6d., 30a quarters at 74s. 6d., and 400 quarters, at 77s. Gd. The Caledonia, 120, from Devonport for Deptford, anchored at the Nore on Thursday evening. The Gorgon, 6, paddlewheel steam sloop, Commander Richard B. Crawford, and the Geyser, 6, paddlewheel steami loop, Commanader Arthur Tower (late flag-lieutenant at Sheerness), also anchored at the Nore, being engaged to tow the Caledonia to Deptford, to take the place of the Dreadnought Hospital ship for seamen of al nations. The Renard, 4 guns, screw stearivessel, arrived at Sheerness on Thursday evening, from Blackwall. The Merlin, 6, paddlewheel steamvessel, Captain Bartholomew J. Sulivan, C.B., proceeded yesterday to the coal depdt, in Saltpan Reach, to complete her stock of coals, after doing which she will have her compasses adjusted preparatory to her departure from Sheerness. The crew of the Merlin are to be paid their advance on Monday. Yesterday being the anniversary of Her Majesty's acces. sion to the throne, all the ships in commission in port at Sheerness dressed ship at 8 a.m, and at 12 fired a Royal salute. The garrison also fired a Royal salute from the saluting battery. A portion of the gallant 1Sth (Royal Irish), which on the 18th of June last year effected an entrance into Sebastopol, and held their ground in the houses near the Cemetery for an entire day, took up their quarters on Thursday in the Royal Barracks, Dablia. THE MIITIA. On Thursday morning the Cheshire Regiment of Militia received orders at Dablin to proceed to England, where they are to be d&sembodied.
THE TURKISH CONTTNGENT. -p The following Artillery Division Order by MajorGeneral Dicksonn, C.B., was issued on the breaking up of the Turkish Contingent at Kertch - " Kertch, May 24. "The artilery of the Turkish Contingent having been ordered to break up, and the several batteries and comlpanies of field and garrison artilery being about to rejoin the Turkish armny, the Major-General commanding the Artillery cannot alow the British officers who have been employed under his command to quit the force without returning his very best thanks for the great zeal and attention displaced by them in the performance of their duties, and for the readiness and goodill with w;hich he has been supported by them on all occasions. They have, by their judicious management, secured the respect and obedience-of the Tbrkish officers and men placed under their command. "A Division Memorandum has already been addressed to the commandant of batteries and garrison artillery previous to their embarcation, thanking them for their seal, and requesting them to communicate to the Turkish officers and men under their orders how well satisfied he is with them, and with the creditable state of order and discipline to which they had attained. "The Major-General cannot allow Brigadier flall to give up the command of the field artillery without returning his very best thanks for the untiring zeal and energy displayed by him on all occasions; the high state of effficiency of the field artillery, and the excellent condition of the horses, and the general equipment of the batteries are entirely owing to the admirable manner in which the Brig,adier has performed the duties of his command. "T The manner in which the duties of the Artillery Staff havebeen carried on byMiajorGosling, Captains Hearhorne, Battiscombe, and Lyons, is highly creditable to those officers, and thanks are due to them for the great zeal and ability displayed in the performance of their duties. "To Staff-Surgeon Irvine and to the officers of his department the hlajor-General's best thanks are due for the great attention paid to the comfort and wants of the sick; and he cannot speak too highly of the excellent arrangenent of the hospitals and the great care bestowed by St5ffSurgeon Irvine upon their management. ". The Major-General cannot conclude without returning his best thanks to Mr. Bake, the Commissary-in-Chief of the Field-train Department, for his zealous exertions in carrying out the numerous and difficult duties assigned to hIm, and his talent and ability as the bead of a large end important branch of the ARrtillery service, basbeen most conspicuous. -C. DICKSON, M1ajor-General."
BRISTOL SuGlrr.-MRiET, Friday, June 20There is no alteration to notice in onr market this week. The transactions are stililimited, owing to the very indifferent supply, but prices are fully supported, and we see no prospect of any decline at present. Refiners' produce meets with a fair sale, at full prices. Rum continues to be quite neglected. CAMELS ix TrxA,s.-It has become quite a comnmon sight to see camels and dromedaries marching tlhr.ugh our streets. The camels are now employed in carrving Government freight from Powder Horn to the dep6t. They cairy the enormous weight of 1,GOOlb., and with the greatest ease. The sight of them stampedes all the horses and mniles that come within sight of them. They are certainly not handsome creatures. The only distinction the Arabs *uake between the camel and the dromedary is, that the one serves for the beast of burden and the other is the ridiug nag. The woid "dromedary" with them means swift or fleet. A horse in a brislk trot can scarcely keep up with the camels when in a-walk. They apparently go slowly, with their lonig and measuired tread, but in reality they are moving along rapidly. The dromedaries, wvith their riders aud gorgeous trappings, move along in a lsrisk trot at the rate of 103 miles per day.-IndianZola (fTemzs) Bulletin. SSOuTHEiN CiivAuY.-The folloving extract from the letter of a young gentleman of "-high respectability" at Charleston, South Carolina, to a friend nowv at the North, has been communicated to us for punblication :-" I snppntse yent have heard of the lambastingr Mr. Brooks gave Ir. Sunmner. WVell, the Charlestonians have subscribed 10c. each and bought a splendid cane, with the words, 'I it him again' engraved on the head; and if Mr. Sumner troubles South Carolina or Mr. BrooL-s again he will get something engraved on his head which wiMl be very apt to make him a "grave' subject." At a meeting at Martine's Depot, South Carolina, the following resolution was adopted among others :-" Resolved, If Northern fanatim s will persist in meddling with our private institutions, we deem it expedient that Southern m7embers shouldreplyto thenn by the use of gntta-percha." At a meeting ltl Clinton, South Carolina, the folowing were adopted by acclamation :-" Resolved, That we, as aportion oaf the constituents of the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, do heartily agree with him in chastising, coolly and deliberately the vile and lawless Sumner, of Maasachusetts." "ResAved that in using arguments stronger than words he has conrinced our Northern brethren of the true spirit of Southern chivalry and patriotism, and has expressed the undivided sentiments of his constituency; and, whenever it is necessary, we feel it to be the bounden duty of alltrueto the constitution to do like Broolka" " Resolved, that for the high respect and full appreciation of Colonel Brooks's conduct, we present him a cane from the soil of his own Congressional district, with this inscription:-'Use knock down arguments,' feelingthatnoneothercanbeeffectualon a perverted mind and degenerate race." Vhat lofty ideas of mnanly courage, gentlemanlybehaviour, and constitutional lawthese Carolina heroes seem to possess! Does it ever enter their ninds that they talk and act like nothing but barbarians and cowards to boot 9-New York Tribune. [Advertisement.]-Cantion to the Mfedical Profession.- The ltedical Directory.-Whereas a Circur is now being issued to members of the profession, which, from the similarity of the information sought, is calculated to be mistaken for the Circular anneaLly ised the first week in August by the Editors of the London and PrMVncial Medical Directocy. publishefiby Mr. Churchl, this caution is inserted to frcstrate this attempt at palming off a spurious imitation of the original work whch ssx won for itself the universl patronage oftheprofession and thepublic. The AnnualCirularoftheLondon and Provincial Medical Dlirectory will be issued as heretofore the firat week in Agust, it being expedieut to leave it to the latest possble date so ato ensure accuracy in each socceediogedition. [Advertisement.}-The new Novel, "Evelyn Marston," by the aunhor of "EmiliaWyndham,"in3Do3Vl ispubiishedthisdayby Messrs. Hurst and llaclietS, successorsto_rCol.m.ur2 3d rnmaybe hadat all the lbraries. The same publishers have also latelyissued the folowing popular novels:-" The Sorrow;sof Gentility." by MiqssJewebury - "Veiled Hearts," by the authof~ of "The Wife's Trials;" "JohTi Hlaliaxs," hy the author Or "The Iead of the Family ;" "MIodemD Society in Rome," by J. Pi. BHste, FEe1.: "l'.arcaret. "-'d her rid-amnaids," by the author of " Womnanl' Devotica n" "8Lilhlieaeaf," by the author of " Margaretlataitland," 1 Tot; "Bachel Grey," by MumMayanagh. 1 vol. Also, iust rezady, "Diana WInyard," by the autnor of 'Alice Wentwroth."
CRSYTAL PALACE CONCERTSI. Although the weather Was again unfavomrable, there wae a large and fashionable attendance at the sixth concert, yesterday. The performances began with Cherubinis flnc overture to Les deux Jourmnes, which was played with immnense energy by the band. This overture was a greatL favourite with Beethoven-who, among other ways of declaing his paxiality, imitated certain points in it on more than one occasion. The first vocal piece was "Ear wie will ich triumphiren," from Mozarts Sraglio, sung_ in a very spirited n n-er by Herr Formes, but not so 'Well accompanied as usuaL This was followed by the duet from 1 Conec Ory, "UIna damna" (by Mademoiselle Marml and Signor Gardoni), which was very imperfectly beard. in consequence of the violence of the rain, or rather hailstorm, that raged outside, andddrowned both thevoices of the singers and the harmony of the orchestra. After an unavoidable delay of about 20 minutes MIadame Xantier Didieo came forward, and sang the air of Seymour from .Annt; Boleta-"Deh non voleer"-so sweetly, and with suchba pretty and original embellishment in the middle of the song, that she was unanimously encored. Danby's glee"Awake 3olian lyre"-was then given by the chorus. vwith perfect enserntbc and vell sustained so!0o voGe,althougn, the diapason having risen in pitch so considerably since the period at which this music was composed, it sounded too high for the voices, and would, we are sure, produce a far better effect if transposed a tone lower. The duet from Bigo?eUto, " Tutte le feste," was extremely well rendered by Madame Bosio and Signor Graziani; but away from the stage the sentiment of this inspiration is absolutely nulL Grisd followed, w.th the preghiera from OtcUo-" Deh calma, 0 Ciel"-which was uanimously encored, and which, beautifully as it was otherwise sung, we should, nevertheless, have preferred with less exuberant ornament. The first part concluded -with the magnificent jTAalc from Mendelssohn's -nfinished opera of Lrery-in which Madame Jenny Ney sustained the swlos of Leonora with admirable talent. The execation Df this great piece was worthy of all praise; and the warmth with which it was received ought to encourage Mr. Costa in departing a little more frequently from programmes concocted solely out of the stereotyped opera songs and duets cf the bour. The second part opened with a performance of Rossini's overture of &emiramnide, so fnU of energy and brilliant effect that the orchestra fairly overpowered the tempest of the elements, which had again commenced outside. Mademoiselle Rosa, Devries, in " Va, dit elle," from Robere Ic Diable, confirmed what had been said of the beautv of her sopranw voice (in the higher tones especially), and, on the other hand, gave reason to believe that she was miare at home in the music of heyerbeer than in that of Mozart" pauzre Mozart J", Mr. Costa's elegant tcrztto-" Vanne a colei che adoro"-sung to perfection by Grisi, Gardoni, and Mario, was unanmmously redemanded and repeated. Besides its graceful melody, this tcretto is a capital specimen of the smooth and easy manner of writing for voices which seems to be a special gift of the Italians. Mademoiselle Jenny Ney then gave "Non mi dir," from Don Giovanni, with the best effect-except - at the end, when she hazarded a note in aU in tne cadence which she failed to sustain in tune, whereby the clima _ was very nearly spoiled. Mfercadante's duet, " Dolce conforto," was encored; but we cannot think otherwise than that it might have been sung with more warmth and greater certainty in the traitz d'cnsc?2zh by two such accomplished vocalists as Mesdames Bosio and Nautier Didiie. The roman:a, " A ! non avea pii lagrimc," was delivered by Signor Grazialli with a fine quality of voice-but too quick, and with a certain want of expression which robbed it of much of its natural charm. The concert terminated with the quintet andfinalc from Otlb-" Incerta l'anima"-a concerted piece written in the best manner of Rossini, although the concluding bars are almost identical vith those of the first finale in Rf Barbic?c. The execution was spirited and efiicient-Grisi, Marai, Mario, Gardoni, and Tagliafico taking the solo parts. On the whole this was one of the best concerts hitheito given at the Crystal Palace. The.finale from Lorcly was an innovation-but so successful that it is to be hoped it may oaly serve as an incentive to other innovations of the same kind. The audience went away evidently delighted wit-h thetreat they had enjoyed.
THE FRANCIS JOSEPH RAILWAY NBT. fAdvertisement7 The " IndependanceBelge" publishes some most interesting particulars concerning the organization and eonlstitution of one of the most extensive undertakings that peace can give birth to. The construction of the Francis Joseph Itaiwvay Net is one of the most solid warrauts of European peace. The public attention in Germany is much engrossed by the news of the approaching grant of a new Net of Railroads, which witl bear the name of Francis Joseph. The Company, which has formed itself with a capital of 250,C00,000f., 150,C00,000 of which are in shares, and 100.0D0,000 in bonds, bearing 5 per cent, interest, guaranteed by the Government, is the result of a fusion of several companies, who were competing for the different branches of this trunk. It contains the greater partof the principal landowners of Westem Hungary, the principal banking houses of Vienna. Simon G. Sina, Arnstein and Eskeles, Wodianer the Austrian Company of the Govermment railwars, and its foumders, who have stipulated that 50,000 shares, which will be divided in the proportion of 1 to 5, be attributed to the benefit of Chat same Company. The object of the newv Company in the construction and worsing of else raisay lines forming the Y.ungaHan net of the right bank of tno Danube. and including else principal arteries which will have to be createdinthatpartof tho country extending between Vienna and Triest, the Danube from Viemma to Belgrad and the frontier. ltho N[et consists of four lines which each have their particular destinaation. 1. Of a railway leaving Vienna, passing at (Edenburgh and Gross Ranissa, in the direction of Essek. 2. A railway leaving Comorn, passing at Stnblweissenbourg, and meeting at or near liinfkirchen. 3. A railway leasing this junction point, passing at Essek andbrauchiDg oDf to Semhun Belgrad. 4. A railway leaving Pesth (Ofen), passing at Gross Kanissa, and ending at Poltshlack, a station on the line cf Triest. The total length will be 1,ZOO to 1,200 ktiosnetersaccordiag to the different plans wvhich will definitively be adopted. The directions which may be chosen offer no serious difficulties of execution; the expense is valued at 260,COOf. pier kilometer to lay down the lne, ,e o the whole. 220OaOOf.210.tttf. The demaandfor the grant and the statutes have been lodged u the hands of the Govern. ment, wbose approachingdecision has been announced. T'his trunk, the grant of which has met wvith so favourable a reception in Austria, is not surpassed in importance by any other line worx ing or in construction in this country. Its shares, the whole of which are subscribed, have already, given rise to most active transactions, aind obtained a premium of from 16 to lS per cent. Towards the north-west of Vienna there are but rather barren plains to be met with, in continuation of which rises the chain ot mountains that separates Bohemia from the Duchy of Austria ; towards the north-east one immediately falls into -he Carpathian range, which borders the left bank of the Danube as far as reCtb - on the southweest the mountains of Styria and Carinthia extend as far as the Danube. aondthei l est hills reneh the capita The region served by the new truk, and whlich is celebrated for the abundance of its agricultural productions, such as wine, wheat, the very gates of Vienna, and will. as Icon as ithbecomes of an as access, be the most importadt centre for etnpling that capital, which con(thains nearlyngtOutp inthabitnts;rt ordhers ith monaios rnyprvnedgio which ebtends from the ieds aonf aTvlest torivers theotienroftaSnw erlind, and of which it in the natural granary. It in also in that province that are to be fond thre rchest cour mines of the wvhole monarchy of which first order. The tme from Vienna to Belgrad is the ftst section of the direct Toh onstirutingionh the FArauncJomsphanets inehus of sularge portiof of the commercial transations which take place on the Danube, the uncedtat and exsrnsive navigation of which river offers but ed provisionabsatisf action to tane necesities of intercourse betiveen Central Emrope ans ' the Loiner Danube or the Black Sea. The line from Vienna to elgehadk in theirst seciont ofth doirect Tof p ng with the Aststhriapnompanof fluingearys oe fertileprovinces of ' t comerclhe Theirs, Transylvania, Gaklicia, and RDssia, n an almnost straight ene sith the port of Twiest, and oeilL at the same time, present au outlet to the productions intended for mabtime exportationp whach the cowetry crorsed throelgh may o.fer. end, f raomy, tPhlinet combthinaekith whtheptw ainoet itilofnos th Southern Itoaieka. connets treenpiine fofrugay the feasprttoTie povince the productions of the LoTeer Danube, whichareatp ent sent fori ard to that port and what of Fiume, both by wiater and wlld, by roads offsra ing the greatest diacultiet o the pcare inge of goods. No attempt has as yet been made to forg a corrert i.ea of the pToAnd, trafinal thin ine,gre tombensured will dehive itw s erxiltence from the cnthpreuctions of the Lowerayfoh Daue.tawhichmaeat ofe raseanatufrward consetluence or the oame-and from the discovery of ne, mineral dches, the geological traceti f ivtichforetea ti e succssthatwilcrownall such urdertakings. It is s positive fact that the kilmn,etrical produce or revenue of the new net of railwa5swill not be inferior from the beglaring to the average of that of the lnes already existmgl. Sy- ;ross revenue perkiflomecter. 1055. North Ferdinand Railway .r. 67,000 I 55. . IL. P. Company of the f Bohemian line 30,700 Government railways '(Lie uncompleted 36 600 105-1-55. Vienua to Triest Railway, uncompleted .. 31.700 Average A.. . 42,250 Experience proves, moreovcr, that in Austria, as w,ell as in Germany and 1 rance. the kiometricri revenues of railways plhced so as to favour the w.ants of the country are doubled in lCESs than 10 years. The Emperor Ferdinand's Northern Railway, for illssanlce. the only one which has been set in activity for any space of time by a company capable of devoting the necessary capital to its development, presents us with the follov;ing prog.ression throurhont the net: he rollowing is a summary account of -he principal conditions of the grant and statutes AU works of art and earthworks will be effected for two lines, the laying of the Eecond line will only be obligatory when the receipts exceed 37,ttOf. per kdlometer. For the delay of e:ecution ten years are allowed, the construction o1 the line taktig place successively on the sections which the Companu and the Governmenit will mutually agree upon. The period during which the grant wil last is 99 years from the Ist of January, 1802. At the expiration of the grant, the Government be comes entitled to the stock, but only to the extent of the sums cm. ployed within the limits of the capital guaranteed, as wvr be hereafter stated; the remaining part will bepaid according to the evaluation ci exrertr. The Government guarantees the Company an interest of 5 per cent, and 2t per cent, to formn a sinking fund on the capital of 250,000,tOlf. (value in money) as long as the grant lasts. The guaranty hears on each separate line, and begins on the 1st of January of the year which w;ill fellow the working of the whole net. The capital will arsenal to Il,0,OtOOf. in shares, and the remainder will consitof bondsl, the conitions for issuing the same beingfixedwith the conesrereuce of the Guverrinrent. The right of redemprion m.ay onlybe enforced after a period of 40 ye.arsfrom the date of the approval of the statutes, and only forthe tot.alty of Uhe lines. The conditions of redemption are thle saame as customary In Franea. The tariffs and general clauszes of the contract are the same as for the Austrian Company. However, the Government retains the right of reviewing and altering tlse tariffs when the net produce of tho total capital sur,passes } per cent. Tre Government enggaes not to aliow thle construction of any line the establishirient of which miay uot ho justified by any well-proved urotive of commercial, political, or strategetical utility; should this occur the preference wili he given to the Conipauy. The Company will be equally entitled to tIre same preference luring the whole period of the concession in all that concerus the execution of an Yline situated in the tri?ngie which is formed by the Danube, the Drave, and the Triest Railway. During a space of 10 years all foreign materialsand stores reslureslfor the constructiors and workingof the railway net will be admitted with a reduction of one-lhalf of the duties generaUy claimed by the Customs. The capital to be formed, the sectuity of interest, and the tariffs wil be valued in cash. The founders of the Company are sWung to obtain. fe,r the henoft of the undertaking, different granmts of coal mines in the vaUey of Filniksrchel. aurd granteof lands to be drained along the line. Tire seat of the C;omp.any is at Vienna. It is emporvered. independently of the construction tad working of the railways, to concede, construct. and demise other lines: abso to establish corresponding services both by land and water wvith its own lines. and to acsluire and work either mines, manufactures, lands, or forests. The Society's fund, which is lixed at l50,l)O,OO0f., may be doubled. sad carried to 300,tOO,000f., by issuing new shares or bonds, in virtue of ihe decisions of the Ieneral Assembly. The sharesare made to hearer after the discharge of 150f. They waill ho made out in several languages anid currencies. The Council of Adminstrattion is composed of 15 members.fourUHrm. garlans, eight natives of the other Austrian provinces, and four foreigners; from among the latter wiUl be chosen one of the thiree vicepresidents. Foreign members maybe represented by attorneys. An allowance of 3 percent. on the surplus of the net pzoduce is made to the members of the Ciirrcil of Administration. The interests and dividends are paid in Vienna. and in those foreign citieswliere the Council of Adminiatration may choose to establish agencies. The General Assembly meets at Vierna. AU foreign members may be represented by attorneys, provided the latter be themselves members of the Assembly. During the period of constraction the interest is taken on the capital, and Sxed at 5 per cent. The list of the founders is very numerous, and comprises the foUowagriamnes- Count G. d'Appony. Count Ch. d'Airpony, Count G. ICaroly, A. Festeties, Count t'D. de Eltz. Count A. 'hn. Baron G. Brandau, Count P. Lejacswics, CoLunt J. lValdstein,C tEZi, Co Count D. Zichy, Cout 0 Fetetes,Price h. attryai, sine P. Erterhary, Count A. rdld. Countei H.rischy. G. BalieYdeanseum , Ed. Tschurl, General Bacon F. Cordone. Bevoltella de Trieste, Forshoom Breutano, Baron Sins. Arstein and Eskelca. Maurice de Wodisncr. and of Ftrench repreEentatives Messrs. F. Andr6. E. and J. Pereire, BenoitFould, H. Biesta, Aug. Tnirneyssen, Ch. Mallet, Des Arts Comin de Morny, de Aharon, Salvador, Grieninger, Baron Seilifre, A. d'EichthaL [Advertisetnent.]-" The Medical Circular." Notice to Atdvertisers-The lirst nummber of the new volume of this highly suc;essful ouraal will be sent to every membler of the profession in the soited kingdom on the 2nd of July, affording to parties desirous of 3ddreesing the profrs-lon an unusural opporturitY of doing so at'sareenable expense. For terms and particulars apply immediately at the inSice of the journal, 20, lisig William-st-eet, 'StraId.
MONEY-M.ABKET aiui CITYINTLLIGNTCE. Friday Evening. - The English funds opened this morniing at a decline of an eighth, and although they recovered almost immediately the market again became dull before the close. Consols, which left off yesterday at 94i to fi ex dividend, were first quoted 94; to i, whence they improved to 94 to at which they remained without further alteration until near the official termination of business, when there were sellers at 94X. 'Under ordinary circumstances the large arrivals of gold would have created animation, but the state of the weather and the accounts from France continue to cause some anxiety and to limit the extent of operations. Consol Scrip left off at 2; to 3 premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94g to A; New 'Three per Cents., 94S to j; Annuities, S0 years, 17,; India Bonds, lOs. to 14s. prerniun; Exchequer-bonds, 991 to -;; and Exchequer-bills, 9s. to 12s. premium. I iForeign securities have not varied in any great degree, business being limited. Turkish Six per Cents. were less buoyant than yesterday, sales for realization having in some cases been effected, but prices exhibited renewed firmness in the later hours. The transactions for the account were at 1o12, 102k, 101k, and 102k. For the Guaranteed Four per Cents. the bargains for moneywere at 1041-, and for the account at 104k and W. Buenos Ayres, for the account, 78; M1exican, for account,22k; Peruvian Three per Cents., 55J ; Portuguese ex all overdue coupons, 48; Russian Five per Cents., for the account, 108; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98 ; Sardinian Five per Cents., 92j and 92; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 47 and 47k; the New Deferred, for account, 25k, andthe Certificates, (Ii, and -6 In. the foreig(n exchanges this afternoon bills upon Paris were rather more in demandl, particularly at short dates. WVith regard to other places there was no new feature. In the corn-market this morning there was a tendency to a further advance. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week showvs a rise of kSd. per lb. at the commencement, from wvhich there has since been a reaction. The George Marshall has arrived from Melbourne with 60,827 ounces of gold, and 100,000 sovereigns -a total value of 343,3001. The chief portion of the recent heavy arrivals of Australian gold is expected to be sold to the Bank. Nearly 100,0001. was taken there to-day. It is understood that about 150,0001. sovereigns are in course of return from Constantinople to this country. It appears that a fall of nearly a-half per cent. took place yesterday afternoon on the Paris Bourse. To-day the closing quotations have ag,ain failed to arrive, but shortly after the opening transactions took place at 70f. 60c. for the end of the month, showving a further decline of more than an. eighth. Several failures occur daily among the speculators, and in numerous other cases the brokiers refuse to keep accounts open, and the parties are obliged-to submit to their being closed on any terms. In this way additional amounts of stock are forced upon the market, and the state of distrust becomes universal. But for the palliatives adopted to bring in a supply of money and reduce the rates paid for carrying forward transactions a complete panic -would most probably have been witnessed. Under existing circumstances the opinion seems to be that the danger will gradually pass awvay, and that theBourse being cleared of many of its most unsound frequenters wiiU then assume an appearance of renewed steadiness, to ba followed in a short time by a fresh mania. It is lik-ewise believed that numerous movements of this kind will occur, and that the real climax and collapse, assuniing the absence of a disastrous harvest or some other unlooked-for event, is scarcely to be anticipated for a year or two. The bar silver brought by the last West India steamer has been sold at 6ld. i per ounce, being a further advance of Ad. In the colonial produce markets during the week the transactions have been extensive, and in some instances higher rates are quoted. The public sales of sugar have gone off quietly, without any material alteration in value. Privately there has been an active demand, and many floating cargoes of Havannah have been sold, including two of white, for St. Petersburg, at very high terms. Three of Brazil have also been disposed of, and one of Mauritius. On the spot a good business has likewise taken place, although the market closes with only a moderate degree of firmness. Rice still continues in request, and rates are generally higher, while for floating cargoes advanced quotations have also been paid. There has been more inlquiry for coffee, nearly all the plantation Ceylon brought to sale having readily met with buyers at very full prices. In tea a moderate amount of business has been transacted, and for some descriptions of green there has been a speculative inquiry. PubEc sales are advertised for the 25th inst. Saltpetre has also been in very good request, and more business has been effected than for some time past at an improvement of 6d. per cwt. A cargo of nitrate of soda, was offered, but was bought in. The Liverpool, Newfoundland, and Halifax Steam Company, which has just been organized, have announced that the first of their monthly line of screw vessels will leave Liverpool on the 20th of August. The prospects of traffic are at present considered favourable, and the usefulness of the undertaking, will be increased next spring, when the Government of Nova Scotia will have completed the railway between Halifax and Windsor, so asto render it possible for passengers and freight to be conveyed in a few hours irom Halifax to St. John's, NewBrunswick. Arrangements, it is said, are also being made in Canada w-ith the Grand nunk Railway to carry passengers and freight both ways between Liverpool and Canada by a system of through tickets. Captain Chappell, who has been secretary of the Royal Mail Steam Company almost from the date of its commencement, resigned his office to-day, anid Mr. R. T. Reep has been appointed his successor. Telegraphic accounts from Dublin state that the Mlaster of the Rolls this morning delivered judgment in favour of the English shareholders. The following dividends have been adlvertised for payment :-Russian Sterling Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Canada Debentures, Maryland State Loans, South Carolina Sterling Bonds, Eastern Railway of Massachusetts Five per Cent. Bonds, Virginia State Sterling Five per Cent. Bonda, Boston City Sterling Four-and-a-Half per Cent. Bonds, and Nova Scotia Six per Cent. Bonds. The annexed letter relates to the moral responsibility of persons, who have been set free inder bankruptcy, to provide for their former debts, in cases where they have subsequenitly realized fortunes:- "4Sir,-fn these days-when to overtrade, or to carry on a business purely speculative, to fail, to compound with creditors, to save sonmething out of the wreck, recommence with a ready-formed connexion, to profit by the experience of the past, to grow rich, and never to think of bestowing any portion of such wealth on former creditors, is a matter of constant occurrence, and when the Court of Bankruptcy or the release is regarded as cancelling all moral obligations -the following extract of a letter from the Crimea will be read with interest:- " 'Balaklava, Dray 27, l856. "'Enclosed I have the pleasure to remit you my draught for £-. Havingbeen successful here places sue in this happy position. r am quite unable to express in words my thanks for your handsome conduct towards me, at a tiune when sympathy was so much needed. You may count on receiving the balance of what you have suffered by me, as mny finances will aliow paymlent.' " The writer of the letter, from which this extract is made had the misfortune to fail in the year 1854.-s The circumstances connected with his failure were of the most extenuating character. A young man, with moderate means, he had been induced to embark in a trade with one of our most distant colonial possessions, requiring for its successful prosecution abundant capital and considerable ex. perience. The result was a composition with his creditors, and a -release. He then resolved to seek his fortune in the East *his labours have been crowned with success, and the first fmits are divided among ourselves and the rest of his former creditors. "As the chronicler of the commercial affairs of this great empire, we are persuaded you will feel pleasure in giving publicity to this communication. Would that we mi"ht generalize from the fact it contains, and, seeing ttat it is a young man that has exhibited this marked superiority in the sense of moral responsibility, might thence infer that the 'YoungEngland' of commerce is destined to displaya farhigherstandardof moralitythanhas prevailed of late years. There wasa time when for a man not to pay his debts was regarded as something approaching to disnononr, and when a questionable bankruptcy was akin to crime. He had then to show, by the clearest possible evidence, that his failure was the result of circumstances over which he had little control, and that he had a reasonable prospect of satisfying his pecuniary obligations when they were incurred. If unable to do this, he was degraded in the estimatinn of the community. But among the changes induced by the intense activity with which the pursuits of commerce have of late years been carried on is an anxiety on the part of its votaries to discard whatever does not furnish some reasonable prospect of immediate advantage. The result is that debtors' accounts have been handed over to third arties for exsamination, and when whatever they I would wield has been ascertainci they have been dismissed I from the mind with all possible despatch, their investigation I with a purely moral design seldom being thought of. The consequence is, that the unprincipled have discovered in theo pursuits of commerce a path to sucess, and, in the event of i railure, an immunity from the just consequences of their d&shonourable conduct. "We Are, however, not without a hope that the extract above given may awaken, inthe minds of some who, once Lnfortunate, and having then compounded with their creditors, are now in possession of atfluence, the consideration, whether the release they then received was anything more, viewed morally, than a license to trade without molestationX from their creditors; and whether they, having under that license acquired no inconsiderable wealth, are not bound In honour to imitate the conduct of our Crimean friend, and make over at least some part of it to their ante-release creditors. "We have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servants, "F. J. SMTH MAD CHAIU&S.' ThNe return. from the Bank of England for the week ending the 14th of June gives the following results, when compared with the previous week:Public deposits . .. .£4,12,448...Increaso £815,321 Otherdepodits ... ... 10,218,761 ... Decreasw 515,752 Rest ... ... 3,2L4,987...Increase 5,741 On the other side of the account:- Government securities ... ll.226.468 ... Decrease 455 65S Other securities ... . .. 4,347,079 ...h Icrease 13;773 Notes unemployed ... 6,67S,460...Increase 725,725 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,233, 73Oli. being a decrease of 345,610l.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 12,058,792., showing an increase of 370,3741. when compared with the preceding retun.
TRADE REPORT. Friday Evening. SUGA.M-There is a very general inquiry to-day for various kinds and descriptions; and, although we quote n'o alteration for the week excepting for floating cargoes Havannab, which are Gd. to 9d. per cwt. dearer, there is evidently a hardening tendency, and the market closes with buoyancy. The following are the particulars of the sugars offered at public auction, and which for the most part v.as disposed of at and after sales:-6,4S9 bags Miauritius, low to fine brown, 37s. to 42s. ; low to good yellow, 43s. 6d. to 46s. 6d.; 2,540 bags grainy Mdadras, good and fine bright yellow, 47s. to 50s.; 458 bags grainy Bengal, fine yellow, 48s. 6d. to 49s.; 275 bags syrupy Bengal, low yellow, 42s. 6d. to 43s.; 1,191 bags Benares, low yellowish white, 45s. 6d. to 46s. 6d. ; middling white 47s. 6d. to 49s.; 638 hhds West India have been sold, making 2,410. fqr the weelc. CoFFEE.-The colory sorts brought very high prices, but hine fine ordinary gray descriptions sold at somewhat cheaper rates, The public sales consisted of 320 casks and 56S barrels and bags plantation Ceylon, at 61s. to 67s. 6d. for fine fne ordinary bold to good middling colory, and 58s. 6d. to 60s. for smaU to bold grayish; 100 frazils MIocha brought 74s. to 7Ss. for middling greenish short berry; 28_0 bags Coata Rica were taken in at 69s. to 60s.; and 800 bags native Ceylon (blacks), at 26s. per cwt. .RIcE.-3,200 bags and 100 pockets Bengal were mostly bought in at 11s. Gd. to lSs. for middling broken to fair I early white; Ballam wvas held for 9s 0d. perewt. Privately a iloating cargo of Arracan is reported at lOs. 9d. per cwt.; 400 tons cargo Bengal have been sold at 9s. per cwt.- and 450 tons, white ditto chiefly, at 10s. 6d. to Ils. 6d. per cwt. SALTPETRE.-Of 1,977 bags Bengal offered about twothirds sold at 15 to 8 per cent. refraction, 2Ss. to 29s. 6d. ; and fine 3j- per cent. refraction, 32s.; 1.000 bags Bombay brought 24s. to 26s. per cwt. Ahout 1,000 bags Bengal are reported to have changed hands privately. COCO.IUT OIL.-712 casks were offered to-day in sale, and only partly sold; Cochin, at 40s. ; Ceylon, 39s. to 39s. 6d.; and Sydney, 38s. 9d. to 39s. for fine. The market has advanced considerably, but still there are bub few sellers. PkLm OIL.-In sale 284 casks were nearly all bought in; good Iagos, at 37s. 6d.; fine quality is still worth 3Ss. T.iLLO,v.-The market closes firn, but with less doing for the end of the year; 46s. 3d. is paid on the spot, and 47s. to 47s. Gd. is the quotation for the last three months.
BAILWAY :D MLI2fG7 SH4BE,S - - - riaxy Evening. The -ailway.3riarket openedl with firmness, and prices showed a tendency-to increased buoyancy. There was subsequently a slight reaction, -but- it could not be considered' g,eneraL. A large6 amounct of business was transacted i English shai,esthis j department continuing to be the centre of opera, tions. No great ariation occurred in French or Belg,ian, and East India remained steady. Miscellaneous securities exhibited little activity',!but increased operations took place in the shares of thel joint-stock banks. AMusrlian and Canadian :shares were supported. Other descriptions' presented scarcely any change. Ottoman Bank left' off 11 to 2 pm.; Bank of Egypt, I to i pm.; Western of London, par to 1 pm. ; London and Paris, 4 to 3 discount; National Discount Company, i to i pm.; Euphrates Valiley Railway, i to A~ pm.; Riga Railway, 2# to .lg pm.; Pernanmbuco, 1i t;o pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 4q to 5 pm.; and *Festera of Austria, 1t to 2.t pm. flRntiT~rAV ^TT,n & fl
. 'LRLIAMF5TABy IyTELLIcGBp.V HOIJSE: OF' coMONs, FRIDAY, JUNE 2tL. Xhe Sr2AX= took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BUSINESS. 'The Bounemouth Improvement and Pier, Birkeolhead improvement Commissioners, the Derry Junction R..ilway, the Forestof Dean Central Railway, the Invernesi :.ud Aberdeen Junction Railway, and the Scottish CentrdI Bail'wy Bills were aeverally read a third time and passed. PETITIONS. Petitions were presented by Lord DALcKLITH, from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, for the better observance of the Sabbath, and against the Parochial Schools Bill by Sir W. CLAY, from the congregation, Mill-yard, Coodman's-fields, for in9iry into the state of the anthonized version of the Scriptures; and from churchwardens and overseers, Poplar, against the Irish and Scotch Pauper Removal Bill; by Mr. Cinas, from Chebsey, Stafforlshire, against the sale of intoxicating liquors on Sunday; anad fromn ?uariaford and Hollinsclough, Staffordshire, against Sunday bands; by Sir J. FERGUSSON, from the inhabitants lof Dundonald, against Sabbath desecration, and against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; and from the parochiiXl board of Kilwinning, aainst the Scotch and Irish Poor llemoval 2Bil; by Mr. E. BALL, from Burvell, Cambridgeshire, againat the Tithe Commutation Rent-charge -Assessment Bill; by Mr. HIDFIELD, from T. Dalby Jago, Esq., of MKeragissy. in Cornwall, praying for improvements in the rating of mines in Cornwall; rMr. s, from the Chamber of Commerce, Newcaste-on-Tyne, agains the Mercantile Law Anmednient Bill; by Zlr. HASXcEY, from inhabitants and traders in Peterborough, to the same effect; by Mr. ALCOCK, fron Croydon, in favour of the Poor Law Medical 3Bill; by MIr. ToTTrnzesLiN, from the town co:numisnioners of New Ross, in favour of the Tenant Right Bill; by Mr. G. LAnG.TON, from Staple Fitzpainecum-Bickenhall, Orchard-Portman, and Hambridge, mn the county of Somerset, against the abolition of clhurch. rates withoutequivalent; by Mr. SpooxN-;, from Lyme Regis, Dorset; Harden, parish of Bingley, York; Awre, Glocester; and from Dublin, Belfast, and other places in Ireland, against the Mayncooth grant; and from LongIhorsley, St. Stephen's, Lslington; Christ Chureb, Chels, a Ierne-bay, Wrock-wardine, Silverdale, Beckenbam; and the Kirk Session of John Knox's Presbyterian Church, Stepney, against the playin- of military bands for public amusement on the Lord'siay; by Sir G. B. PECHELL, from the visitor and guardians of the 14 parishes of the incorporation of Sutton, in the county of Sussex, under Gilbert's Act, complaining of the prov,isions of the Poor Law Bill for dissolving their union without the consent of the ratepayers and guardians; the petitioners and those who pay to the support of the poor are desirous that their parishes should continue incorporated under Gilbert's Act, and decidedly object to have the the power of breaking up their union transferred to parties who have no local knowledge on the subject; by Mr. MLVn-s, from 1S creditors of the Tipperary Bank, in support of the bill for the amendment of the Winding-up Acts; by Lord ROBEP.T GROSvm,;oR, from Hammnersmith, for the bill to prevent false packing and other frauds in the hay and straw trade; and yColonel G1LPLN, from the occupiers of land and others in the county of Bedford, against tae Agricultural Statistics Bill- and from Ro:ton, in the county of Bedford, agaist 1bands in the parks on Sundays. Petitions were presented, for redress of the grievances of PcorLawmedicalofficers,by Mr.DUPRE, frommedicalofficers of Antersham UInion; by Mr. M1. GIPsoS, from the medical officers of the Chorlton Union ; by Colonel FREESTUx. from medical officers of the Forehoe and the Dover Unions; by Capain STrU.T. from the medical officers of the Bedford Union; by kr. E. BALL. from Chesterton Union, from medical officers of Linton, and from medical officers of Ely, Cambridgeshire; by Lord Nc rVl, from certain medical practitioners at Newport, Shropshire,p ad by Colonel LLOY-D WATcLNs, from the medical officers of the Brecknock Union, and from Builth. WEE DEFEAT OF THE GOVERNMENT ON MR. VALPOLE'S MOTIO.iN. Lord NAAS said, he wished to ask the hon. memnber for louth whether he could now state to the House the terms of the motion which he intended to propose on 31onday, on the subject of national education in Ireland ? (Hear.) iMr. FORTESCUE had no oojection to read the terms of his resolution, which would be as follows:- " That this House has observed with satisfaction the progress made in the instruction of the poorer classes of Her JIajesty's Irish suibjects under the direction of the Coimmnissioners of National Education, and is of opinion that in the administration of that system, or in any modification of its rules, there should be maintained a strict anid undeviating -adherence to its fundamental principles, securinig parental authority and the rights of conscience in pupils of all denominations, the House being convinced that 'no plan of education for the Irissh poor, however wisely and nuIlexceptionably contrived in other respects, can be carried into effectual operation unless it be explicitly avowed and clearly understood as its leading principle that no attempt shall be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or denomination of Christians.'" CLERKPS OF PETTY SESSIONS (IRELAUNSD). Mr. O'FLAHERTY wished to ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether it was his intention to introduce a bill dnring the present session of Parliament to regulate the salaries of clerks of petty sessions in Ireland ; and, if so, w-hen such bill might be expected to be placed on the table of the house ? Mr. HORS3AN i hoped in three or four days to be able to am,wer the hon. mnembee's question. COALWHIPPERS' OFFICE. On the motior. of Mr. GLAnDSTOE, an address was agreed to forcopy of any recent memorials orotherconuniunications to the Committee of Privy Council for Trade from persons interested as proprietors, shipo-ners, or otherwise, in the coal trade with rscpect to the establishment of an office for *coalvhippers. PUBLIC ENTRY OF THE GUARDS INTO LON1DONr. Mr. H. BARING rose, pursuant to notice, to ask the Under-Secretary for War whether there would be any objection to direct that the entry of the Brigade of Guards into London, on their return from the Crimea, should be fixed at such an hour of the day that the public might have an opportunity of testifying the sense they entertained of the zer-ices of those troops? Mr. PEEL would be glad if the hon. member would defer his question until the noble lord at the head of the Government had taken his seat. Lord PALME.rsT0o_N having entered the house, Mr. BARING repeated his question to the noble viscount amid the cheers of the IHouse. Lord PALRERSTON.-Yes, Sir; the entry of the -Guards who will return from the Crimea will be so arranged as to the time of day and as to the line of march by which they wi}l enter that the whole of the inhabitants of the metropolis who choose to do so will have an opportunity of nitnessingtheir arrival. (Cheers.) After having entered the tovn they will proceed to Hyde Park, where they will be inspected, aand wiUl appear in line. And I am sure it w1i be interesting to those who heard the drum sounding before daybreak for their departure to see them al return. {Cheers and some sensation.) ESCAPE OF FOSCOHII. >m. BOWYER said that, on the 17th of April, a most atrocious crime wvas committed in one of the public thoroughfares of London, at the hour of S in the evening, by an Italian refugee named Foschini, by which two or three Persons were dangerously wounded, and one so dangerousiF that it was thenght he would not survive through the nitht. A reward of la1. was offered for his a)prehension, pacards wvere issued, and it -was not for him to deny that everymeasure was taken to apprehend him. But aU the endeavonrs of the police were of no avail, and he was informed 'pon authority upon which he could rely that Foschini was now- afe in America. Me was also told thatEocertain was that individual of making his escape that, after committing the murderous a,ssault il question, he returned to the house where he lodged and slent there that night, and after breakfasting there he went off in the i,norinm. These facts seemed to indicate the existence of a conspiracy and of an agency c.apable of baflhing the police. It appeared that the Italian refugees in England and elsewhere were divided into two classes, sets, and societies, one, and the more moderate, who hoped for an amnestyto enable them to return to their na'ive country, and the other, the "reds," refugees of nmore desperate character, who wished to keep up such an agitation as should prevent the grant of an amnesty. Tothe latterclassFoschini belonged, andhewas an intimatefriend and associate of Pianori, who, it would be remembered, a shorttimeagomade an attackuponthe Emperor of the French. These people were connected with MEizini (loud cries of "Oh, oh!" and "Question'1"), and a secret society evidently existed in London, the members of which had conspired together to prevent the return to their own country of the class towhich the man whohad been attacked belonged. (Continued criesof "Oh, oh !") This society wasso or"anized that the persons who had it in their power to give information with regard to the crime had been deterred by the knowledge that if they did so they would fall victims to the knife of the assassin. (" Oh, oh !") There was, un- t oubtedly, an organization in this city w ith which the police were unable to deal and with respect to which the House ought to have some information from the Government. Hle would therefore ask the Secretary for the Home Departmentwhether there was at the Homc-offlice,or withthe Commissioners of Police, any report or other papers regarding the escape of Foschini, for whose apprehension a reward was lately offered; and, if so, whether Her Majesty's Government would lay such report or other papers on the table of the house ? Sir G . GREY.-I inow nothing of the facts which have been alleged by the hon. and learned gentleman (hear, hear), and I am not without hope that the crime to whichhe hias alluded may yet be made the subject of a judicial investigation. (Elear, hear.) Every means were taken by the police, immediately they received information of the crime, for the discovery and apprehonsion of Foschini, the person charged writh its commission. Not only was a search made for him in London, but a description of him -was sent bv telegraph to all the ports by which it was thought possible that he would attempt to escape, and measures have been taken for his identification and apprehension if he should have reached any of those countries with which we have treaties of extra dition for offences of this kind. The hon. and learned gentleman must not therefore assume that if he has left the country he is beyond the reach of justice, but I have no poeitive informatfon as to whether or not he hba; left it. (HIear.) No doubt there is reeon to believe that. tha exime vwas premeditated, and that immediate means were I taken for the concealment and escape of the person by whom it was committed, which have been the cause of his not yet having been discovered. REDUCTION OF OFFICERS. Lord IOTHAM said, he had tho other day asked the Under Secretary for War in what manner the Government intended to deal with those officers who were to be takQn from the active list in consequence of the termination of the war. The hon. gentleman then stated that the Minister of War had every desire to bring those offioers back into the service as opportunity might offer, and he entertained a confident expectation that no long time would elapse before they would be absorbed into the service. Since that statement was made he had received numerous communications upon this matter,which naturally excited greatinterestamong theofficers and the familiesof the officers whowere likely to be included in the reduction. If it were possible, he should he very glad for no practical reduction to take place, but he would not shock the susceptibility of the Chancellor of the Exchequer by such a proposition. Reductions there must be, and the only question was, in what manner they should be made. If there were any mode of uniting the greatest efficiency, with regard to the army, withthe smallest amount of individual hardship, that was the plan which Her Majesty's Government ought to adopt. Ie had seen aplan in some of the public journals for confining the reductions in the lower class of regiments entirely to ensigns, instead of reducing a certain number of lieutenants and a certain number of ensigns. One advantage of such a plan was, that it would retain in the army those who had had the greatest experience, and the expense of carrying it into operation would be too trifling to be worthy of consideration. Hle could see no disadvantage in the adoption of a glan of this kind, and he would, therefore, ask the Under becretary for War to explain in what manner it was proposed to carry into effect the intended reduction of officers in those regiments whose establishments were increased in consequence of the late war; and also, whether any warrant had been issued on the subject? Mr. PEEL admitted that a temporary hardship might be caused by-the contemplated reductions, but the Government had no option in the matter. Regiments on a war establishment consisted of 16 companies, 26 lieutenants, and 14 ensigns, each, while on a peace establishment they only had 12 companies, 14 lieutenants, and 10 ensigns. The junior officers of each of these grades would be reduced. The' plan to which the noble lord referred would not meet the case of captains, and he was not aware that the Government had any intention of adopting it. Vacancies would be filled up by taking officers alternately from the lists of lieutenants and senior ensigns. Lord ELCHO inquired whether there was any truth in the report that Her Majesty intended to inspect both the Guards and the line at Aldershott on their return from the Crimiea ? If there were any truth in that report it would give general satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) Lord PALMERSTON replied, that he was not in a position to answer the question. OUR RELATIONS WITH THE UNITED STATES. bMr. GLADSTONE raid,-In putting the question of which I have given notice, it is hardly necessary for me to add more than one word of explanation. The House will recollect that on Monday last my noble friend at the head of the Government, at the time when he announced to this House that the Government had not thought it necessaryto advise Her Majesty to suspend diplomatic negotiations with America, did not give any explanation of;e motives which led to the course adoptedby the Government, nor did ho advert to the view taken by this Government in reference to the conduct of the American Government in dismissing Mr. Crampton. At that moment there was reason to expect, from a notice on the businessipaper of the house, an immediate discussion on the subject, and perhaps my noble friend thought it desirable either that the views of the Government should be declared during that discussion, or by the production to the House of the despatch which it would be the duty of Lord Clarendon to write in answer to the letter of Mr. Marcy. At all events, I beg not tobe understood as now complainingof mynoblefriend's silence on the occasion. At the same time, as that motion has been forthe moment withdrawn, and as there is some uncertainty as to the period when the hon. member opposite (Mr. Moore) may call attention to the question, I naturally advert to the terms in which my noble friend spoke of the despatch to be prepared in answer to 'Mr. Marcy's communication, and I hope I shall not be deemed unreasonable if, without at all attempting to press for the production of the despatch at an earlier period than may be consistent with the amplest opportunity for its preparation, I yet, considering the period of the session and the state of the necessary business before the House, which .s advanced even more than is usual at this period of the year, venture to express an opinion that it is desirable that this despatch, which will convey in the clearest and most authentic form the views of the Government vith respect to the dismissal of Mr. Crampton, should be brought to the mnowledge of the House with the least possible delay. (Hear, hear.) I therefore think it would be conducive to the convenience of the members of this House if my noble friend would give us the best information in his power as to the probable time when the despatch will hb produced. Of the production of the despatch I make no question, because I believe my noble friend informed the House in the course of his speech last Monday that it was the intention of the Government to make the despatch, when prepared, known to the House. I now beg leave to ask at what time it may be expected that the answer of tbe British Government to the recent despatch of Mr. Marcy. with reference to the dismissal of Mr. Crampton froni Washington, vill be laid before the House ? Lord PIALMERSTON.-My right hon. friend has quite rightly understood the motives which induced me on the occasion referred to not to enter into an explanation of the views of the Government on the question he has mentioned. Those motives continue equally strong at the present moment, and therefore I will only say, in answer to my right hon. friend's question, that I have no doubt I shall be able to lay on the table these papers, including the answer of Lord Clarendon to Mr. 3Marcy's despatch, in the course of next week-probably on an early day. (Hear, hear.) Sir J. PARINGTON.-I think- the right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Oxford has done quite *right in asking for the production of the despatch in answer to Mr. Iarcy's commumication, and I am glad that we may hope to see it soon. Perhaps it may be fair to the Government, until that despatch is on the table of the house and in the hands of members, to postpone any discussion on the conduct of the Government with respect to the enlistment question, but Ivery earnestly hope that that discussion will not be long postponed. I speak in no party sense and with no party object when I say that I regard with feelings of the greatest anxiety-I may go further and say, with feelings of shame-the present state of our relations with the United States of America. For this painful position of affairs I attach blame, judging from the public documents in the hands of all, to what I consider to be the serious misconduct and unwise policy of Her Majesty's Government, by which the Government of the United States has been irritated, deceived, and offended. (A slight laugh.) Under these circumstanees, I trust the day is not distant when we shall enter into some discussion on this subject. I regret very much that the hon. member for Inverness-shire has felt himself under the necessity of postponing his motion, but I hope that the hon. member for Mayo, or soene other independent member of this House, will ere long be at liberty to call the attention of the country to the real merits of this question. Sir G. GREIY.-I think that the right hon. baronet, agreein, as he professed himself to do in the course taken by the member for the University of Oxford, would have exercised a wiser discretion, and would have acted in a manner more conformable with his usual fairness towards those to whom he is politically opposed, if, while deprecating at present any discussion on the merits of this question, and admitting that there were sufficient reasons for postponing that discussion, he had not himself anticipated the discussion by the expression of a most decided opinion. (Cheers.) I am glad to find, not only from thee cheers on this side of the house, but also from manifest indications on the part of hon. members sitting behind the right hon. gentleman opposite, that there is a general concurrence in the opinion I have just expressed. It is not the fault of the Government that the discussion on this -subject has not already taken place; but, if it is to be postponed, I cannot help hoping that the House in the meantime wil at least suspend its opinion as to the conduct of the Government or of Her Mraiesty's representative in the United States. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. MOORE acceded to the suggestion for the post. ponement of his motion for the present, but thought it not unreasonable to ask the Government to fix some tine when the discussion might be brought on. The motion for the adiourmuent of the House, on its rising, until Monday was then agreed to. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY BILL. On the motion that this bill as amended be considered, IMr. HEYWOOD moved the following clause;-" From and after the lst day of Michaelmas term, 1856, it shall not be necessary for any person on obtaining any exhibition, scholarship, or other college emolument available for the assistanco of an undergraduate student in his academical education to make or subscribe any deelaration, or to take any oath, any law or statute to the contrary notwithIstanlding.' M3r. BOUVERIZE said, he had no objection to the adoption I of the clause. fMr. WIGRAM thought it would be very much mori advisable to leave it to the colleges themselves to determine who should hold these scholarships, more particularly as their proceedings were to be supervised by a commission. hlr. GLADSTONE said, the assumption on which the hon. menmher {Qr North Lancashire was acting-that there was a disinclination in the authorities of thc' universities to allow Dissenters to hold scholarships-- was en-tirely without: foundation. In the case of Oxford the Hoise decided almost unanimously to leave the college endownoents to be dealt with by the colleges and the commissioners ; and he did not see why Cambridge should haveless liberty of action. Mr. J. G. PHILLIMORE supported the clause, because the taldng of oaths on frivolous occasions tended to weaken their sanctity. Sir W. HEATHCOTE warned the House against too much interference in this respect, lest they should defeat one of their principal ebjects-the conversion of fellowships into scholarships. The scholarships in Exeter College, in regard to which the test of church membership had been imposed, had been formed from fellowships, and that test had been rendered necessary by the fact that these fellowshi2s were oonfined to the clerical profession, which of course implied belonging to the church. Lord PALMERSTON declined toenterinto anydiscussion with regard to Oxford upon a bill relating to Cambridge. He should support the clause proposed, because it rested upon the broad principle, which he thought was now universally admitted, that it was desirable to repeal all unnecessary oaths. Nothing could he more repugnant to common sense or propr feeling than to call upon a man to take an oath when the obligation did not require so solenm s sanction, or when he was not sensible of the importance of the engagement into which he was entering; and on both these accounts he thought it was undesirable to take oaths upon matters connected with college rules and regulations, or the daly observance of college life. Mr. WALPOLE thought that the noble viscount (Lord Palmerston) could hardly have read the whole of the bill. Had he done so, he would have seen that the 27th clause gave to the colleges full power for the abolition of unnecessary oaths. He should act upon the Drinciple upon which he had alwvays hitherto acted in regard to these matters, that they ought to be left to be settled by the colleges and the commissioners, and should vote against the clause. Mr. CAll]) WELL said that the 27th section of the biiU only permitted the college or the commissioners to give endowments without restriction. This clause went further; it said in the name of Parliament that no such restriction should be imposed. He (lIv. Cardwell) thought that it was extremely desirable to emancipate undergraduates from restrictions of this kind, and did not think that the reasoning of his hon. friend the member for the University of Oxford (Sir W. Heathcote) ought to induce the House to reject this clause. The House divided:- For the clause ... ... ... ... 151 Against it ... .. .. ... ... 109 Majority for the clause ... 2 The clause was agreed to, and ordered to be added to the bill. Ar. WALPOLE then moved, as an amendment in clause 27 (which empowers colleges to frame statutes), to insert at the commencement the words " for promoting the interests of religion and learning, and the mam designs of founders and donors." The effect of this alteration would be to define the objects for which the commissioners or the governing body of the colleges should exercise the large powers intrusted to them in referenceto the remodelling of statutes. Those powers extended to the redistribution or apportioning of the revenues of the colleges, and the rendering college property available for the benefit of the university at large ; and, unless some qualifying language, such as he proposed, were introduced mto the clause as a guide for the commissioners, a body of men entirely unconnected with a college might arbitrarily make any changes they pleased vithout regard to the original purposes of the trust. This would be a palpable violation of the principles which Parliament had constantly recognized in respect to property given for charitable and educational object., and must be followed by one of the most deplorable coinsequences that could result from their legislation-viz., the drying up of the sources of private benevolence. His amendment would guard against such an evil, and he therefore hoped that the Government would accede to it. Mr. BOUVERIE had already placed in the hands of the Speaker an amendment to answer the end aimed at by the right hon. gentleman-namely, to serve asa guideto the commissioners in the exercise of their powers. This he sought to effect by the insertion of words declaring that "for the promotion of useful learnging and religious education"' it should be lawful, &c. Further than this, however, he was not prepared to go, and could notconsentto bindthe commissioners invariably to hava reference to "the main designs of the founders," whether those designs contemplated the advancement of useful learning and religious education or not. It was desirable that the colleges should be enabled to appropriate a portion of their income to purposes beneficial to the university at large; yet that was an object clearly incon,istent uwith the main designs of the founders. Moreover, as a power of petitioning the Queen to withhold her approval of any pro. posed statutes was to be given to the colleges, the adoption of the right hon. gentlemlan's amendment would open the door to a small minority to appeal to the Judicial Committee of Privy Council in any case, and raise endless controversies as to what really were the intentions of founders 300 or 400 years ago. He tru sted, therefore, that the right hon. gentleman would, on re'dection, feel satisfied that the words he (Mr. l3ouverie) suggested provided a sufficient remedy for th evil to be apprehended. MIr. HEYWOOD believed that there would be the greatest difficulty in detes-sininig at the present day what weie and what were not the original designs of the founders, the statutes of the colleges having been frequently altered and realtered at different epochs. 31r. J. G. PBIILLIMOIR thought that the main designs of the founders ought not to be disregarded, and believed it to be a gratuitous assuimption to suppose that those designs were necessarily irreconcileable with the promotion of useful learning and religious education. He thought the invasions of property- contemplated by this measure ought to be watched with the utmost possible care; and he was prepared to prove that the system which it was proposed to subvert had tended to supply the State with a numerous body of useful and eminent citizens. Some lion. gentlemen were earnest advocates for the cultivation of physical science, but did they believe that there was any danger in the present day of yielding too much to abstrac. tions, and of disdaining material advantages? Those who looked to past ages, and who saw that such danger at one time existed, might suppose the same danger was still to be a prehended, but in his opinion the danger against which tney had now to contend was that of becoming too material. (" Hear, hear," and " No, no !") Mr. H. VERNON was understood to say that he thought the main designs of founders ought to be respected. Sir W. HEATHCOTE suggested that, after the words proposed by the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Walpole), " for promoting the interests of religion and learning, and the iain designs of founders and donors," the following words should be inserted, " so far as they are consistent with such interests." That addition would, he thought, remove the objections which had been taken to the amendment of his right hon. friend. Lord PALIE RSTON2 observed that hon. gentlemen opposite seemed to forget that it was contemplated that a portion of the endowments should be transferred from college to university purposes, and it was perfectly clear that in such cases the main design of the founders must be departed from. The amendment of the right hon. gentleman would, therefore, prevent an arrangement which, as far as he was informed, everybody admitted to be desirable. The amendment was also liable to the objection that itwould render necessary an inquiry as to the main designs of founders, which it would frequently be very difficult accurately to determine, and he thought it might be fairly presumed that the main design of all founders must have been the promotion of useful learning and religious education. He would,.however, go astep further, and say that where the main designs of founders, some 200 or 300 years ago, had not been directly for the promotion of useful learning and religious education Parliament was entitled to set those designs aside. He was not disposed to violate those feelings which connected the present with the past, and which led persons who derived advantages from educational endowments to look back wibh respect and veneration to those by whom such endowments had been established; but surely that feeling of veneration would be increased in proportion to the more extended usefulness of the endowments. He hoped, therefore, that his right hon. friend would not press his amendment. Mr. GLADSTONIE said, his noble friend who had just spoken had stated the case very fairly. The noble lord intimated, however, that in all cases, unless there was some indication to the contrary, the nmain design of founders muist be considered the absolute and exclusive appropriation of the endowments to the purposes of collges, an the withholding that property from any contribution to the purposes of the university at large. With all respect for his noble friend, he (Mr. Gladstone) might say he believed he had spent many more hours in reading the statutes of colleges than the noble lord could have done (a laugh), and he thought the noble lord formed an exceedingly unjust idea of the main designs of founders. (Hear, hear.) Undoubtedlythe founders of these colleges were the very flower of the age in which they ltved, whose views were directed forward,andwhosegreat desirewas to meet the emergencies of society as they might appear upon its surface. As far as he could judge, it appeared to him a most rational belief that, under the present circumstances of colleges, considering the vast increase which had taken place in their property and the great influence they exercised in the government of the university, the founders would at once have recognized the perfect equity of contibutions from the property of colleges to the univerbity in return for the advantages derived by the colleges from the university. The Oxford Act contemplated as the great object in view the promotion of religion and learning, but it also made a specific, although not a paramount reference to the main designs of founders, because that House wished to pay regard to the main designs of founders and donors, whilo modifying the particular form in which the endowments should be applied. There were some founders whose views were directed to the study of theology; others showed snore anxiety to promote the study of ancient learning or natural science; while others, again, chose to place their fo-niiations in connexion with particular schools. Those founders were men who represented the character of their age an-d nation, and whose memory deserved to be held in reverence; and the indications of their peculiar inclinations should be respected, unless, from the alteration of time and circimstances, the carrying out of their views would intorfere with the promotion of religion and learning. The interests of religion and learning were held out as the great end to be kept in view, but in so far as they did nos interfere with the interests of religion and learning the main objects of the founder were to be respected. It was impossible to put things on a basis more just and rational than this, andt therefore he hopd the amendment of his right hon. friend would commend itself, if not to the favour of the noble lord, at least to the approbation of the Ho se. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WIGRAM thought it must be evident to evarybody that gentlemen on the Opposition side of the house were doing everything in their pow er to commend the vievs they enterained on this point to the approval of t}he C-overmnent, as the object they aimed at had been offered in various shapes. He hoped that, whatevet ns t be the form. of words used, the spirit of the right hon. gentleman's amendment wouod be accepted by the House. ale CHACELLOR? of the EXCEEBQ-U3P., though he had for a short time been a member of the Oxford University Commission, would not presume to compete with the right hon. gentlem,m (Mr. Gladstone) in his knowledge of the statutes of the coleges, but he thought he had somewhat .mistaken the effect of his noble friend's (Lord Palmerston's) remarks. His noble friend said that, if they were to .!e limaited in reforming the colleges by the main design of tzie founders, there would, in the first place, be a difficulty in defining what that main design was; and he went on to s.iy, in the second place, that these foundera were founders of colleges, and that their entire design as to each of these colloges must have been limited to the college itself-that thoug)- the original design was to promote religion and learning, yet the prncipal designv was the foundation of a college; and his noble friend arguedthatifthe endowment was diverted from thecollege to the university-admitted to be a good object-it could scarcely be said that this was carrying into effect the main design of the founders. (Hear, hear.) Such was the substance of the view expressed by his noble friend. Now, pronided it were clearly understood that there was no wish to ti. the construction of the statutes to tho main design of the founder, considered as a coUege founder, but only that the general design he had in view-vin, the promotion of religion and learning-was to be conidered, then there could be no objection to the amendment of the right hon. and learned gentleman. (Hear, hear.) He proposed that some such words as the folsowing shoud be adopted-viz., ' "In order to promote useful learning and religious education in the colleges and university, and the main desig of the founders and donors, so far as consistent with those purposes." hfr. WALPOLE3 had no objection to these words, and therefore consented to the alteration. The amendment wsLs then withdrawn, and the clause as amended by tho CaA=C.LLoR of the ExcBEQun agreed to. On clause 27, Wr. WIGRAM proposed to insert the words "or of Jesus CoUlege," which would have the effect of retaining the right of nominating the head of the Colege in the hands of the existing patrons. He only asked that the same exemption should be extended to Jesus that was given by the bill to Magdalen College, and he might observe that it was universaUy admitted that the patronage of Jesus College had been uniformly exercised in a beneficial manner. Mr. BOUVTERIE admitted that the patronage had always been exercised with a due regard to the interests of tho college, but the question was whether it should or should not be left to the governing body of the college to say whether the present was the right way of appointing the head, and whether some other way might not be advantageously resorted to. (Hear.) MT. STAFFORD regretted that the right hon. gentleman had not applied the principle of free competition to Jesus College, so as to leave the field of selection as wide as at present. He trusted that he would even yet consent to the amendment. The House then divided, when there voted- :For the amendment. ... ... 61 Agaist it ... 130 -.69 M,r. WIGRAM moved in clause 4 (which provided that no person should be required on matriculating, or on taking any degree in arts, law, medicine, or music, to take any oath or to make any declaration whatever) to insert certain words, whichi would confine the operation of the clause in this respect to the degree of Bache or of Arts. The Oxford Bill went only to that extent, and to that he had no objection ; but he urged that the limit ought to be drawn there, and that the House ought not to go on, step by step, adopting alterations, the effect of which was to abrogate altogether the church of England character of the universities. Mr. BOUVERIE said that the clause stood now as it had come down from the House of Lords last year. At present, persons taking a master's degree at Cambridge were required to sign the 36 canons of 1603, which implied that they conformed to the church of England, that they adhered to the Articles of that church, and that they acknowledged the supremacy of HerMajesty in matters eccleniastical. he intention of the bill was to provide that for thetaking of any degree save a theolegical degree no oath or declartion whatever should be necessary. The hon. and learned gentleman opposite proposed to limit that change to Bachelors of Arts, and be would allow gentlemen not belonging to the church of England to take bachelor's degrees; but masters of arts, doctors of law, doctors of mnusic, or doctors of medicine must declare their adhesion to the church of England. The hon. and learned gentleman bad failed to show why it was necessary for a person taking those degrees to sign the 36 canons of the church of England, and, for the life of him, he could not see what connexion there was between the practice of civil or ecclesiastical law and being members of the church of England. The consequence of this requirement was to create a monopoly in the practice of the ecclesiastical courts, when he saw no sufficient reason why those courts should not be open to advocates who might be Protestant Dissenters or Roman Catholics. (Hear, hear.) As these different degrees were indications of classical attainments and scholarly accomplishments generally, he thought that they should be thrown open to every member of the university who was capable of obtaining them. Itwouldbe observed, that theological degrees were specially exempted from the operation of the clause, and that a person could not become a member of the Senate without signing a declaration that he wsas iond 'de a member of the church of England. Mr. RiOUNDELL P=ALMER conceived that tho argaments of the right hon. gentleman were fallacious and required to be answered. The right hon. gentleman asked what reason there was for drawing a distinction between the degree of B.A. and the higher degrees. Now, one reason wyas, that the degree of B.A. did not entitle any one to take an'- share in the government of the university, while hitherto the higher degrees had done so. The right hon. gentleman admitted that the government of the universities should only be placed in the hands of membersof the church of England; but if ho wished to adopt one course which more than another would leave the matter unsettled, that course was to introduce for thefirsttimethe distinctionbetweengoveriiing and non-governing masters of arts. The degree of M.A. was not founded upon any examination, but was merelyamark ofacademical rank, and to drawa distinction between persona holding that degree would give rise to confusion. The right hon. gentleman complained that the valuable practice of Doctors'-commons by beiner confined to doctors of law was by the present systemw placed beyond the reach of Roman Catholics or Protestant Dissenters, but that argument appeared to him to carry little weight, because Doctor-commons was going to be abolished, and even if soeie delay took place it did not appear to him very absurd to say that the business of the ecclesiastical courts of the church of England should be conducted by persons who were best acquainted with the rules of that church. As regarded doctors of medicine, the argument of the right hon. gentleman might be of great force if that degree could not be conferred anywhere but at Cambridge; but when it was conferred at various other universities it lost all the weight which it might othervise possess. The effect of the present bill would be, for the first time, to divide the higher degrees, which were only a symbol of academical rank, into two classes, which would always be ranged against each other, and which would keep up a perpetual dispute. For his part, he did not see why the rule which had been laid down in the case of Oxford should not be adhered to, of admitting all persons to the degree of B. A., but of not going beyond that grade. If a different principle were established with regard to Cambridge, the result would be the renewal of agitation upon the question at Oxiford. The *step further was wholly unnecessary, and he could not imagine how it could prove useful for any purpose wvhatever. (Hear, hear.) Mr M. GIBSON thought that Cambridge had always been in advance of Oxford, and he was glad to see that the right hon. gentleman was prepared to keep her in that position. When Oxford would not allow boys to enter there without subscribing to theological propositions which were matters of difficulty to most distinguished churchmen; Cambridge allowed any student to enter and pursue his studies. As a member of the church of England he had no hesitation in saying that he considered it most offensive to be continually requiring persons pursuing secularprofessions to subscribe'to debateable theological propositions. Hfe hoped that the right hon. gentleman would adhere to his proposition, or even that he would be induced by the hon. member for Lancashire to go a step further, and to allow persons to hold office in the university without reference to their religious faith. MIr. WALPOLB defended the amendment on the ground that the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge were immediately connected with the church of England. He thought that it would be most desirable to adhere to the principle whichhad beenlaiddown whenthe OxfordBill wasdiscussed. fe had a great respect for the liberality of Cambridge, but he thought that if the principle were laid down that she should always keep what was called a step in advance of O.xford, it would give rise to a race between the Tuiversities the result of which no one could foretell. Lord PAIMEPRSTON had a great respect for-the University of Oxford, and he admitted that Cambridge and Oxford were sister universities, but he objected to their being looked upon as Siamese twins (a laugh), and to its being said that whatever was dune by one should be done by the1 other also. He repudiated the argument that any particular I proposition which had been placed in the OxfordBill should there ore be placed in the Caimbridge Bi,l, and, for his part, he had no fear of the result of the race referred to by the right hon. gentleman. The right bon. gentleman had stated that the universities were connected with the established church. Well, he would admit that such was the case, but still the exclusive object ofl the universities was not to educate persons for holy orders. If such were their sole purpose, then he would admit that it tight be right to enact that no one should take any degree who was not ualified to perform the functions for which his education haddesned him; but, although connected with the established church, the education of clergymen w-as not the only object for which the universities were established; and, in order to give full effect to the working of those educational institations, the laity ought to be freely admitted to those seats of learning, and no unnecessary obstacle should be placed in the w-ay of those who wished to partake of their advantages. An objection had been made to allowing Dissenters to talke part in the government of the university, but the present bill did not admit any one who was not a member of the church of England to any share in the government of the university. Well, then it might be said, what would be the value of conferring the degree of ILA. if it did not confer a share in the government of the university? Now, could it be said that it was no gratification to a man who had passed honourably throuagh a course of education to have a degree of this sort conferred upon him? It was said that he might go to the London University, to Durham, or to other parts of the kingdom, and miught get his degree there; but was that the same thing to a person who vwa; at- tached to Cambridge, and who valued his degree not sisplyl for the few letters which he was then enabled to add to his name,but because it was an honorary record of a dia. tinction acquired by him in the university whe-re he had received his education, and with 'which all bIs early aszociations were mixed up I (Hear, hear,) It was a mocL-ery in such a c#eeto tell a man that heright go elsewhere; but that he should not receive this degr in the aniversity in -which he had been educate. (Hear, hear) There was no ground for this restriction even au regaredean honorary degree, but there were degrees which conferred solid advantages to persons in the profesions to which they might afterwvards devote themselves, and he was really quite at a loss to tmderstand why it should -be necessary that a Doctor in 3fedicine, or a Doctor in Law, or a Doctor in in Music should be compeDed to be a member of the church of England. (Hear.) So, to employ these testi tended, he thought, to cast 2idicule upon things which were of themselves worthy of respect. It should be remembered that the restriction now proposed was not inserted ir the House of Lords. (Hear, bear.) In the House of Coumon hon. gentlemen were apt sometimes to think that they were more disosed to go forward in the work of improvement than nobleords in another place. He hoped they would not on this occasion set an example of the opposite Idnd, but would allow the bill to stand-as it had come down to them from the otherHouse. (Hear, hear.) The House then divided, when the numbers were- For the amendment. ... 41 Against ity... ... llS MIority --- --- ... ... -77 The amendment was therefore rejectedL Mr. HEYWOOD proposed an amendment, the effect of which would be to allow persons who had qualified themselves asMasters of Arts to vote for membersof :Parliament. An objection was taken to this proposal-namely, that it would allow a Dissenter to become a member of the governing body of the university. Now, he was of opinion that it would be very much for the benefit of the university that there should be in the Senate a moderate sprinkling of persons of other religious denominations besides the church of England. He was not aware that there was any valid objecthon to this proposition, except tbat, if carried, it would render the corporation of the university less exelusive, but in that respect it would only be following the general course of the nation. The hon. gentleman moved to omit from line 29 the wfords " entitle hima to be or to become a member of the senate." 3L,. BOUVERIE said, the effect of the hon. gentleman's amendment would be to confer upon Dissenters who took the higher degrees a right of interferenceinthe affairs of the nuiversity and a voLe for members of Parliament. If he (&r. Bouverie)had the sole power of decision upon the point e might not see any abstract objection to the proposition, but he feared that it would mar the usefulness of the bil by exciting a feeling of hostility and alarm in the minds of those whose co-operation was necessary for the efficient worldung of the measure. It must not be forgotten that there w as a strong connexion between the church of England and the universities, and a proposal to allowv Dissenters to interfere in :fing the theological studies to be pursued in those universities would excite great alarm in the minds of many persons. He opposed the amendment, believing that it would tend to impair the usefulness of the university. lMlr. L BUTI explained his reasons for supporting the amendment. He could see no reason why, if Dissenters were admitted to the higher degree, they should not be permitted to become members of the convocation of the univerbity. The admission of Dissenters to that privilego could do no harm to the church until they should form a majority of the members of the university. The committee then divided, -when there appeared- For the amendment ... ... ... 84 Against it... ... ... ... ... 60 Majority ... ... ... ... -24 The announcement of the numbers was received -with loud cheers. Mr. HEYWOOD then proposed to add certain words, in order that persona not members of the church of England should be Slowed to fill certain secular offices connected with the university. lIe did not object to the professors of divinity being required to sign the Thirty-nine Articles, but could see no reason why other professorships, such as that of anatomy, should not be open to all persons who were qualified for the duties. He had particular reference to the case of masters of grammar schools who were required to be Masters of Aits, and that requirement, as the clause stood, would confine those offices to members of the church of England. He therefore moved to insert after " qualifications" the words, -" and the duties of which office are ecclesiastical, and limited to the doctrinal formularies of the united rhurbc of England and Ireland." Mr. BOUVERIE said, the object of the proviso at the end of the clause was, that no Dissentcr should be appointed to any office which had heretofore always been held by a member of the church of England. As to the secular ofi:ces spoken of by the hon. gentleman, he (Ur. Bouverie) apprehended there were no such things. The hon. gentleman might obtain his object by moving the omission of the proviso, although it was to be hopedthat he would not deem it necessary to persist upon this point. In the case of the grammar schools where the masters were required to be Masters of Arts, it could not be doubted that the object of that requirement was to render it necessary for the master to be of the particular religious persuasion of the founders of the schools. The amendment proposed would render that just and proper provision completely nugatory, and he hoped would not be pressed. Mr. L BUTT thought the amendment would have an unfair operation. It was true they had now decided to make the higher degrees accessible to all persons, but in those cases where the quaification for holding office was the degree of Master of Arts, to that requirement must also be added membership of the church of England, which was a necessary quaification for that degree at the time when those offices were established. Ir. HEY WOOD was willingnot to press the amendment at the present moment, being convinced that in a year or two the House would be obliged to adept his views. The amendment was then withdrawn, and the bill was ordered to be read a third time on Monday next. LUNATIC ASYLJIdS (IRELAND) BILL. The House went into committee on this biL Upon clause 3, Colonel DUNNE objected to the appointment of chap-. lains in lunatic asylums. He did not say that lunatics should receive no spiritual consolation or reiious instruction, but those were points which ought to e left to the judgment of the medical attendants. This clause declared that appointments of officers for asylums heretofore made by the Lord-Lieutenant should be valid; but, as it had been decided by a court of law that the Lord-Lieutenant had no power to appoint chaplains, he would move to insert these words:-" Save' and except aU such appointments as have been decided by the Court of Queen's Bench to have been ilegal." Mr. HORSMA1\1 said, the question of how far chaplains were necessary at all in lunatic asylums was not raised by this bill. With regard to the amendment, it was supposed in times past that the Lord-Lieutenant had the power of appointing all the officers in lunatic asylums. A few years ago his right to appoint chaplains was successfuUly questioned, and a doubt w.as therefore throwin upon all the other appointments. This bill comprised the appointments made in good faith, though under a false impression, and declared that future appointments should be in the power of the LordLieutenant. Mr. I. BUTT thought it rather hard to make the governors responsible to the public for the management of these asylums, and to give the Lord-Lieutenant the power of appointing as many officers, and at such salaries as he pleased, without consulting the governors at all. Mr. HORSMAN said that, from time immemorial, the Lord-Lieutenant had exercised the power of maldng these appointments. Sir D. NORREVS said, it was doubtful whether Parliament ought to require chaplains to be appointed to those establishments. He thought their appointment ought to be left an open question. In reply to Lord NAAs, Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD said, the effect of the clause would be to confirm absolutely the appointments which had been made. The right to make these appointments had never been asserted by the governors. Mr. GROGAN said, this was not a declaratory but an enacting act, conferring powers upon the Lord-Lieutenant which he had hitherto usurped. MIr. H. HERBERT could not vote against the clause, asiE it were rejected aU the appointments which bad been made would be rendered illegaL He thought the present a favourable opportunity for placing lunatic asylums in Ireland on the sanme footing as lunatic asylums in England, by allowing the officers of those institutions to be appointed by the governors. MTr. DAVISON said that the law, in order to be acceptable, should, as far as possible, be made conformable to the law of England, by leaving the whole of the local appointments in the hands of the governors, who were themselves nominated by the Lord-Lientenant of Ireland. He objected to the provision empowerig the Lord-Lieutenant to appoint the matrons of these institutions. Such an appointment should be left in the hands of thos gentlemen who tookthe trouble of managing the asylums. Mr. KIRK said, the Lord-Lieutenant had hitherto exercised the power of appointing matrons, and he did not know of a single instance in which a matron so appointed had been complained of. Captain MAGAN said, his acquaintance anong matrons was not so extensive as that of the-hon. member for Newry seemedtobe(laughter),buttheonlyoaeof whomhe lkewanything-the matron of the lunaticasylum atMiullngar-wasa perfet nuisance in the establishment. She made herself so disagreeable that everybody aboet the place wo'ld be glad to get rid of her if they had the chance. After some further diqcussion, The committee divided, wone there appeared,- For the amendment ... .. ... Si Against it .82 Majority for 4* anmeadmezW . -1 Some verbal emendaticaswern agreed to without a division, and the clause as amended was added to the bill. Captain MAGAN Shqpired whether it was competent for him to move that tl-eworibsvwich had just been inserted on the motion of the hon. rmemnber for Belfast should be omitted ? (Iaughte4) The CEAIR3M replied, that no such motion could be entertained. The clause as amended was now part of the bill. The hon. member night on the bringing up of the report take, the sense of the House as to whether t e words in questio n shoudi be retained or omitted. On cl use 4, hfr. ,JAVIS ni moved the insertion of certain words, the effect -of -whih would be to enact that the governors of the asylo-i should with the approbation of the Lord-ieutenant 'and Council, fix and determine from time to time the mrUnber and description of officers to be appointed. Mr. lOMSMAINT complained that the amendment was at -variance with the spirit of the bilL Mr. I. BUTT thought otherwise, and submitted tbat it was a very proper matter for the committee to deteuliino whether ihe administration of these institutions should 'e vested altogether in the Lord-Lieutenant or whether the local authorities also should have a vojoe in it. Th qu aion was, whether Ireland was to receive the benefit of the old English principle of local self-govermnent or was to remin under the despotic system of centralization! The governors of county lunatic asylums in England appointad their own fricers and fixed their alaies, and why should-Ielandnotlhavethe advantageoftheaame !y nal llEtls inme of common sense, let riAbmen be told whether they, could or could not be trmsted with the powers of locabL eMAment that -were enjoyed in the rest- of the uaniteld 1ingdom. He was one of the governors of the Cork Lunatec Asylum. but if this bill paned into law he-d&: lared he should never again enter the boardroom of that institLtion. He would not consent to bear the odium of acts over which he had no comtroL He nlmt be introsted with more than A nominal powerif he -a toX eresponsible tofte ratepayers. The Cork Latic:Asylum was built by a Government department at dokble the coqstwhich would have been neceisry if the matter ba beenief1b in tbe-hands of local managers; and, indeed, so rofigat'E was thle expenditure found to have bcen it ther Government were compaelled to refund a considerablestumto. the county. Mhe Chief Secretary for Ireland'tax-ed. of granting the local bodies the right to manage theisrownv affairs- but then he made lunatic asylums an exception-tothis-raie-; he made another exception in the case of prisons; in short, every practical question was in turn to constitute an exception; and all that the people of Ireland had was the admission efa barren, abstract principle. (" Hear," and; a laugh4) Bill afer bill was brought in after midnight by the Goovernment, frittering away the right of self-governmeat in Ireland, and Irish members were obliged to fightthebattlaanst centralization onmatters of detaiL He had spokea, he confessed, 'with soasewarmt,bubt if a similar njcsthce were about to-be practised upon England he wassure the E:nglish members would evince still greter indig-. nation. (HEear.) 3Ir. DEASYF thougbt there was much force in the observations of the hon. and learned member (Mr. Butt), and that there was too- great a tendency exhibited by the-, Government of Ireland to- encroach upon and absorb the powers which ought to be vested in the varions local bodies. The Governmentha&noto-tketheappointme+ tunder discussion, as the establishments to whkch the bill referred were entirely sulpported from the rates raised in each district. The amendment was, theefore, perfectly reasonable, and ought to be acceded to. Sir H.l FERGUSON regarded the reinas of the la twospeakers as inapplicable to-clause4. They sold have beew. reserved for the disussion upon next clause. Mr. 1. O'BRIEN supported the clawse. Mr. CAIRNS said, this clause would enable the Lord-- lieutenant of reland to- appoint such offocers or servants ofr lunatic asylums as ie thought fit, and to-fix the salaries they were to receive, and the zatepayeys rould have no security that that power-would be exercised with any regard to uniformity or economy. He would support the amendment of his hon. friend, which would vest the appointment of officers jointly in the Lord-Lieutenant and the boards of governors. Lord NAAAS wished to- remind the comnmittee that' although, according to the terms of the clause, the appoint-. mont of officers was given to the Lordieutenant and Council, their selection would practically rest vith two inspectors of lunatic asylume. He certainlythought that the governors of lunatic asylums, in the various locaiities,wouldbefar better able than the ispectors to judge whet officers ought to be appointed. Ir. H HEERBERT observed that in England a certan degree of uniformity -with regard to the appointment of-- officers of lunatic asylumis was insured by the provsions of: an act of Parliament, but it was proposed that in Ireland the power of making such appointments should be veste& in the Lord-Lieutenant and counil, who, he thought, should not be the sole and exclusive judges upon such a matter. MIr. L BUTT had not the slightest objection to ftx by act of Parliament, what officers should be apmointed in lunatic asylums, leaving it to the governors to select such officers,hat he thought the powrers which this measure proposed todelegate to the Lord-Lieutenant were inconsistent with the principles of free government. The real question waswheter a system of central or of local government was toe be established in Ireland. Mz. KENDALL said, that in England the governors of lunatic asylums were appointed by the courts of quarter sessions, and if the power of selecting the officers of such asylums was to be giventothelords-heutenant3 of countieswho were likely to be far better acquainted with the circumstances of their respectivedistrictsthanthe Lord-Lieucenant of Ireland could he with the circumstances of the country over which heexercisedauthority-he believedthe governors would at once resign their positions. Mr. XORSANT was afraid they had lost sight of the fact that, in the care and cure of lunatics there was renuired a great deal of knowledge and experience; and he had yet to' learnthat local boards were-likely to know what nuusber of officers were necessary for attendance on such patients. He therefore thought the appointments should remain as proposed by the bill; but, seeing the general opinion of the House was in favour of the amendment proposed by the hon member opposite, he was prepared on behalf of the Government to accede to it. (Cheers.) The amendment was then agreed to, and the clause as amended ordered to stand part of the bilL Clauses 5 and 6 were also agreed to. Clause 7, referring to the appointment of chaplains, wasexpunged, and, On the motion of Sir G. GREY, a provision was inserted in clause S vesting the appointment and removal ofall officers in each asylum in the governors, subject to the approval of the Lord-Lieutenant and Council. The reaniamng clauses were then agreed to, and the House resumed. PEACE PPRESERYATION (IRELAID) BILLI Ths bill was read a third time and passed. JOINT-STOCK COMTANIES WIN1DING-UP ACT3 AMENDMENT BILL. - On the motion for resuning the debatenpon the question, "that this bill be now read a second time," and the amendment that it be read a second timo "'this day six months," . . Mr. HU=E appealed to his hon. and learned friend who had charge of the bill to postpone the further consideration of it till next week, seeing that the decision of the Master of the Roils in Ireland in the case of the Tipperary Banl' was expected to be deliveredthat day. That decision might form an important element in the discussion of the measure, and he thought that it -Ws undesirable to proceed with it until they were acquainted with the judginent which theMaster of the Rolls had pronounced. Mr. DEASY trusted that the House and the Government would not accede to the suggestion of the hon. gentle. man o t but that they would at once proceed to read. ths bi a second time. lt had been his lot to be-engaged' lately in the examination and consideration ofthe windingup of the company more particularly referred to:. in the bill, and of joint-stock companies generally, and- he-had-no hesitation in saying that the state of the law in Ireland in. this respect was a perfect disgrace to a civilized- countr, and that it called for the prompt interference rX the Leanlature. He must say, however, that in his oDinion the bill as it at present stood before the House was defective, sinceit was framed m such a manner as to deprive creditors of their existing rights, -while it gave them no: equivalent remedies. (lhear, hear.) He thought that the bill- should; bh amendel in this respect, and that the creditors should be enabled to make available for their payment the assets of the association or of the shareholders. Another great defect in the existing state of the law was the vast expense to which shareholders were put, the expense of an undefended action being 201., while a defended action would amouni to nearly 1001. Itwras important, also, he thought, that power should be given to 3ome one representing the creditors to enter in for reasonable and bond. fid c ompromises; and he hoped that the Mbuse would consent to th. second ' reading of this billy. whieh would, he believed, when amended in committee, gat' rid of great anomalies at present existing. Mr. CAIRNS thought that the argument of the hon, and learned gentleman appeared to 1iim to- tell rather against than in favour of the bill; foa his own part, he could conceive nothing more fatal toe the credit aud stability of joint-stock banks than any rieasure in the slightest degree analogous to the present. Ih, legislating- upon the principle of limited liability banking- companies. had been expressly excluded from the operation of the act, and the reason of that was that the graat, source of credit of a joint-stock bahnk -was the fact that everycreditor knew that he had the power by legAl: proceedings of coming.apon the property of; every shareholder. He implored the nuose. as a matter of principle, to pause before they altered the rights of ceditors and the liability of shareholdersinaconcern whichhad become thesubject. of litigation, and with regard to which tlho rights of- the parties were already defined. (Hoar, hear.)l Mr. J. G. PETI1OTAORE joined- wit h- the hon. and learned gentleman in asking the- House not to pass- this cn i^ost facto measure. The presenrlaw miht be a bad one, at it waosthelaw under whicl, the parties concerned in this bank bad mutually contracted. (Hean) He trusted that the House would not violate a great. principle- by passing a retrospective measu3s to mwt a tomporary inconvenience. (Hear.) Mr. GEORGE entered his prtesi agamsinthe bill, which he looked upon as most unjust in.principlo onaccount of its retrospective action. It -ueurgd that the measure-might be amended in committee > but; when a hi]lt Vag so- mnmifestly unrighteous in its provisiors, he could not help-look- ing w4ith suspicion upon afibrs.ritrwaar3sto assd,it, and. he trusted the House would ret givetheir assent to. theo second reading. The SOLICITOR-G CEILIZsaid, thisbi was nndoubtedly designed in order- to. remody some clearly admitted defects in the present law. (Hear, )ear.) If there was; partnership or compaiay consnting of a lage body of peole, common sense dictata-ithat their a&irscoold-Alce Carw i on unless you permitted tho majority to bind the mnoedty. Supposing they became baakrupt, the same pincipW came into operation unmr- the Bankrupt Act, but if they were brought under the opeation of the Windssg-ip Acts, that principle -are at yesett most iSaperfectly developed. Things that wexn most expedient for -presering the property of these anfortuxate cmpaies, and preventing liti. gation, were =riable tU-be done, because at present therewas no effectual -ode by which the majority could bind the minority, and the cmasequence- as he had unhappily toobserve in Xs extended experience, that a very small minority scceeded in continuing mostauinous litigation to the gre,.. profit of solicitors, and other persons concerned, and to Ve great detriment of the interests of the creditors. It as. mo: trght, tberefore, that the -prinple appLicable to tl e conduct of a company w phen tring should be ayplik d-whenits affairs hadato be wound up, and that was tfi p'Aaciple which thisbillinvolved. Any iteration of the roportion of the majority of credtors preant to the whole -cody need not affect the second reading, bit might be made in committee. - The bill introduced a very vwholesome and useful improvement, enabling a representative of the creIditors to attend the proceedings before the Master, which ws not the case now, becauso the ofiicial maager could only be regarded as charged 'with certan statutory duties relative to the accounts. He was at a loem to understand how the bill could be said to ba es ot facto, as it was rely no more so than every bill for improving the pozedue or proqs of aDy couoixt
THE NEW BISHOP OF GLOCESTER AND BRISTOL. We are enabled to announce that the Bishopric of Glocester and Bristol, vacated by the death of Dr. Monk. has beerx offered by Lord Palmerston to the Rev. Richard ChenevLx Trench, MlA., Professor of Theology in aings College, London, rector of Itchin Stoke, near Alresford, Hants, and rhaplain to the Bishop of Oxford. We believe that we are correct also in asserting that Mr. Trench has accepted the appointment, and that the eowg/7 oIire recommending him for election will be issued forthwith to the chapters of the two cathedrals. Mr. Trench is the second son of the late Richard Trench, E,3q. brother of the first Lord Ashtown in the Irish peer3ge, by Melesina Cbenevix, granddaughter and heiress of Dr. Richard ChenevLx, Bishop of Waterford from 1745 to 1779. He was born the 9th of September, 1807, and graduated at Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1829, without, however, obtaining honours in either the classical or mathematical tripos. He soon afterwards was ordained, and engaged himself upon a country euracy. It is not, kowever, as a scholar or a divine, but as a poet, that his name first became known. About the year 1837 or 1838, while holding the incumbency of Curdridge Chapel, a district in the extensive parish of Bishop's Waltham, Hants, he gave to the world two vollunes of poems, written rather ia the simple style of Wordsworth. They were respectively entitled, Sabbation, Honor Neale, and other Poens, and T..e , ! of Jnstinb Mrartyr. These poems soon attracted the favourable notice of the press, and they were followed in succession by (enorera, Elegiac Poems, and Poems frone Rawtera Sure-es. Among those who took an interest in the author of these volumes was the Rev. Samuel Wilberforce then Rector of Alverstoke, to whom Mr. Trench became curate in 1841, resigning the incumbency of Curdridge. Here he continued in the active discharge of his parochial duties till 1845, when his rector, now Archdeacon Wilberforce, was promoted to the deaneryof Westminster, and 31r 'Trench was presented to the rectory of Itehin Stoke, a l:ving of the aznual value of 3801., according to the Clergy Lis4 by the late Lord s-hburton, to whom he had become known at Alverstoke. Dr. Wilberforce, on his promotion to the see of Oxford, appointed hr. Trench his examining -chaplain. In 1845 and 1846 he was Hulsean Lecturer at Cambridge, and, forashort time, one of the select preachers. H-is chier publications during the last few years are the well known volumes Notes en the Mir cles, Not e.T on the Parabks, 7ew 1,.eson.r in Prorerbs, TheSermon on the. 3ount, VWllu. tratohdfromr St&.A7estinc; Sacred LatinPoetry; St.Auinestine, <s-s or b reter of Scripture; Synonyms of the New Testat,ent, and a usefol tre.atise on the modern English language, entitled the .Mtud,/ of W'ords, being the substance of some lectures delivered at Winchester to the Diocesan Training Zollege. About the year 1847 Mr. Trench became Theoloical Professor and Examiner at King's College, London, *nd haws held that appointment since that time. Ar mlay be gathered from the above list of his publicat100. Mr. Trench is well sversedin the study of the Fathers, but he ;s not on that account to be regarded as a mere patristic theologian or a man of the cloister. In 1852 his name was put forward by the high church party as a candiaate for the office of Proctor in Convocation for the Archdeaconry of Winchester, on theigound that he was in favourrof the revival of tbie dormant powers of Cnovocation; but he was rejected on a poll. In the diocess of Winchester, and indeed wherever he is known, Mr. Trench bears the character of one who. with strong feelings on certain points in favour of each of the t.hree great parties in the EDglish church. has identified himself vith none, but has been content to earn for himself the credit of a hard-working parechiLt clergyman and a learned and enlightened theological PrTnofessor. Trench married his coin, the Hon. Frances iagry Trench, sister of the present Lord Ashtown. by whs,n I,e':as afamilv of SLX 50onsandfive-danhters. -He accepts tl-e ,.ntedsee3 of CGlocester and Bristol, subjeet to any srrar;genent which may hereafter be made by Her Alajesty'ss Gru?uttnwct as to their future sepa-ation.
LONDON, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1856. The House of Lords did not sit yesterday. In the House of Commions, Mr. C. FOrTESCUE read the terms of the motion which he proposed to submit to the House on Monday, on the subject of national education in Ireand. On the question that the House at its iising, do adjourn until Mo1day, Mr. GLADSTONE iiijuired at wliat time it mnight be expected tt*at the answer of the British Government to the recent despatch of Mr. MARTel, with reference to the dismis-al of Alr. CmoanTox, would be laid before the House. He did not. he said, intendto press for its roduction, but, adverting to the advanci.g period of the sessionj, and to the business of thle session, he thought it desirable that the despatch containing the views of the Governmnent as to the cvnduct of Mfr. C Orr-rox should be brought to the knowledge of tne House at the earliest poasible period. I Lord PR&LvamssoN said he had no doubt that the papers, including the answer, would be laid upon the table in the course of the next week. Sir J. PAxssNGTaO observed that he regarded with feeling3 of the greatest anxiety, and even shame, the present state of our relations with the United States of America, and the unwise conduct of HaEn MijxsrY'S Gov ernment. - He hoped that the discussion upon this subject would not be long delayed. Sir G. GREY thought Sir JorN would have exercised awiser discreion if he had forborne, until the merits of the question had been discussed, from expressing sq decided an opiinion upon the conduct of the Government, and hoped, if there was to be a discussion tipon the subject, that until then the House would suspend its opinion. The motion for adjournment was agreed to. On the report upon the Cambridge University Bill various amendments were proposed, which gave lise to much discussion. A clause, moved by Mr. HByWOOD, exempting any person on obtainiingany exhibition, scholarship, or other college emolument available for the assistance of an undergraduate student in his academical education, from naking or sutbscribing any declaration, or taking any oath, was carried, on a division, byl151 to 109. '- ln the 27th clause the following wvords were inserted,-.- in order to promote useful learning and religious education in the colleges and University, and the main designs of the founders and donors, so far as consistent with those purposes." In clatuse 44 the words " entitle him to be or to become a member of the Senate" were, on the motion of Mr. HEYWoOD, upon a division, expunged from tho bill, the numbers being 84 to 60. I . The bill was ordered to be read a third time on Monday. The louse then went into committee upon the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) (No. 2) Bill, the clauses of -which were agreed to, after a somewhat animated debate. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill was read a third time and passed. On the order Jfor resumimg the debate upon the second reading of the Joint-Stock Companies' Winding-up Acts' Amendment Bill, adjourned on the 6th of June, Mr. HuI&E recommended its further adjournment. MIr. Dsyas supported the second reading of the bill, although he admitted it was defective; but the state of the existing law, he said, loudly called for legislative interference, in order that justice might be done to all parties. Mr. CAIRNs objected to the principle of the measure, than which, nothing, in his opinion, could be more fatal to the stability and credit of joint-stock banks. Mr. J. PninrsoRE implored the House not by an ex post facto law to change the relations of creditors and shareholders who had contracted them under the existing law.* Mr. GEORGE protested against the measure,which, he said, was most unjust in principle, from its retrospective action. The Sos sc1ToR-GMNmExA said the bill came in aid of the existinglaw, remedying itsdefects, andwas reconcileable with the clearest principles of equity. It applied the just principle of the bankruptcy law to companies under the winding-up acts. The defects inthe machinery could be cured in the committee. Mr. SPooNss spoke in favour of the bill, and, after a reply by Mr. MIVANs, the House divided, when the second reading was carried by 112 to 77. The bill was then read a second time. On the order for the second reading of the Agricultural St.iistics Bill, Mr. BmiTsNxc, Sir J. T. BuiEaR, Sir J. TRosmorz, and other members pressed for the postponement of this measure until another session. After some hesitation, Lord PALMERSTON consented to do so, and the order for the second reading of the bill was discharged. The report of the Committee of Supply was brought up and agreed to. In a committee of the whole House on the Drainage (Ireland) Advances a resolution was agreed to and reported. The Sardinian Loan Bill was read a second time. The Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Metropolis) Act (1853) Amendment BiUl and the Seamen's Savings Banks Bill passed through committee. The remaining business having been disposed of, the house adjouined at five minutes past 1 o'clock until Monday.________
The resolution of which Mlr. FonrTEscux has given notice for MIonday is intended directly to reinstate the principle so suddenly assailed and apparently jeopardized by the result of the recent debate. The question which the :Rouse is called on once more, for the twentieth time, to decide is whether it will grant public money for the support of any plan of education which can 'oe systematically made an engine of proselytism. In the terms of Mr. FoirEscu1E's resolution, the experience of many years has now placed it beyond doubt " that no plan of education for "the Irish poor, however wisely and imexception"ally contrived in other respects, can be carried "into effectual operation, unless it be explicitly " avowed and clearly understood as its leading "principle that no attempt shall be made to in"fluence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of "any sect or denomination of Christians?' The aninnts of this resolution is not to be confounded with religious indifference. We are well aware, indeed, great pains wil be taklen to prove that if a man really cares for his religion he will sticl; at no means, fair or foul, for its propagation. But this is simply a question of fact. Will any plan of education find general acceptation with Irish parents, and fulfil its object, if it be everywhere exhibited in the form of schools conducted not only by propagandists, but by propagandists invested with authority to make proselytes of their pupils? Mr. WiLPOLE demanded the pecuniary assistance and the official countenance of the State for schools in which the clergymen, schoolmasters, and everybody they might introduce for the purpose, might preach to the children, talk to them on religious subjects, choose religious books for them, set them reading religious lessons, ask them religious questions-in fact, do everything with no restriction, except as to the compulsory learning by heart any creed or formiulary of faith. According to the terms of his address, the child of a poor Roman Catholic parent, or still more the Roman Catholic orphan, might have to sit six or seven hours a-day in school, subject to every possible attack upon the few simple ideas it might bring from chapel or from home. It might be compelled by the rules of the school to sit and listen, and to demonstrate its attention by pertinent answers to questions, for six or seven hours. It might be liable to punishment if it did not sit out the ordeal. In only one point would it be protected. It would not be compelled to learn the Church catechism or any part of oiur Church service by heart. But it would be compelled to live for years exposed to modes of persuasion and attack far more insidious and effectual. That is the system, and that is the practice, which Mr. WALiOLE and his 113 suppoiters ask' Parliament to support and e_xtend with the public money. In the particular way in which this has been done REP. MATxsTy has to bear the brunt of the attack, and to incur a degree of odium with a certain class, by refusing the prayer of the address. It is the object of MIr. FORTESoux's resolution to strengthen the hands of the QUxxN and her advisers, and supply a constitutional ground for witlhholding her consent to the petition. Mexr. 1VALroL]Es success was very naturally and correctly paraded as an event of the greatest importance that has happened since the E}alancipation. Act,-indeed, so signal aud so directly in the face of that course of legislation, that there wa; now every hoape th;t wve might shut up the Roinan Catt0olics for good and for aye. So far as this cau he done by nmeans addressed to the under- standings, and hearts, and consciences of grown-up men and women, old enough andcinstructed enough to judge for themselves, we can have no objeetion to it. Of course, too, if, as MI. WAIpoix informed tne House, the promoters of the Church schools are also pusning certain crusade. of a missionary character into the heart of the Irish population, they are only doing -what everybody claims a right to do in this empire. So long as Romaan Catholics and Protestants :rgard one another as on the way to certain perdition, it is but common charity that they should do their best to warn the victims of a deadly delusion. But that is a question of men and women,-a question of political liberty and of private resources. It is a very different affair when we come to children of the tenderest years, to the children of the poorest; and to the money, not of private gentlemen and clergymen, but of the State. Parliament levies money from all classes and religions, and it distributes that money for the good of all and with the consent of all. On these points we have come to a series of compromises, and for many years past we have' all acted on the general understanding that the money levied from all, and as it were freely subscribed by all, should not, be given to one side to be employed in waging war upon. the opinions of another side. This is no -n a principle of our legislation, and almost of our constitution. No wonder there was great rejoicing the other day, and a religious revolution proclaimed, when this principle was supposed to be overthrown. Bat we have not yet come to that degree of instability and vacillation. Parliament and the British people hate faults enough to answer for, but they are not yet sO stupid, so fickle, or so mischievous as'suddenly to renounce a rule of twenty years' standing, fortified by twenty years' successful experience, and without a single reason for the change. They certainly have a great deal to answer for who, without any reasonable hope of success, disturb settlements, weaken principles, bring discredit on legislation, give religious parties new objects of contention, and divert the zealous fom useful to mischievous pursuits. Such men must regard the HouLse of Commons-we will not say in a very untmue light, but in a light which ought not to be tirue, and we much wish had no foundation in truth. They seem to regard it as a sort of tumultuous convention,-like the rabble of an Athenian forum, containing, indeed, the great, the good, and the wise, but, on thewhole, so motley, so unsettled and unprincipled, thatit is a fair subject for any political enterprise. They enter it as a filibustering chief, with his bandof desperadoes, enters a State in the less settled parts of America, and think whatever they can win a fair prey. If by a surprise they can overthrowa Government, or if by extravagant promises they can seduce some- silly people from their allegiance, they think they. only do what anybody else might have done, and succeed only because they are more prompt than others. Seriously, no design was ever so extravagant as one to get the House of Commons to forswear in a moment the fixed resolution and the welltried policy of twenty or thirty years. The result in this instance wvill not be a revolution. General WAI PoIE will not inaugurate a new era in Ireland. He wiU not establish a junta of fanatics in the schools, and confiscate for controversial uses the chest of the National Society. We shall not see all Ireland and all England reorganized on tho new, or rather on the old basis. The only result will be some loss of temper, more of credit, and a great deal of time. A whole night,-very possibly several nights, at this critical period of the session, will be wasted in talk that can only end one way-viz., in undoing the mischief done the other night. There may be people who rejoice -in "doing and undoing, in playing fast and loose with the most settled principles. Unhappily, the course of human affairs and the necessities of the public interest impose many changes. But the nation dloes not love change for change sake, much less to change back to what it had given up long ago; and we have no doubt the nation will find the House of Commuons of the same opinion.
The organization of our administrative departments has hitherto been considered so exclusively the affair of one class, and that a very narrow one, that the public has felt little interest in the details of their internal economy. All. that people have thought of them has been that they are generally recruited from the less capable and less energetic cadets of the governing families, who make up by pretensiousness and discourtesy for the smallness of their information and the paucity of their services. That this impression is wholly just and unexaggerated. we are by no means prepared to maintain. But this much may be said,-it might be literally true for-anything that is done by the heads of the great public departments to prevent its being true. Takle two of the great offices, through -which passes a large amount of the most important business of the country. Our relations with every civilized State,. involving the recognition of existing or the elements of future treaties-embracing minute and special considerations of a local or personal nature no less than questions of the widest and most comprehensive character,-such are the duties of one department, and those of the other are scarely less momentous. They relate to the external and internal administration of more thau forty colonies, their relations with foreign States, their special legislation, and the thousand details of local or personal interest which are referred by the provincil to the imperial Executive. Now, to say that aU tllese multifarious questions can be mastered and decided by the two heads of these departments-men who come in and go out with each change of i nistry, may, whose continuance in these particular situations does not necessarily last so long as their continuance in the 3inistry itself-who tansfer their services according to the exigencies of party or individual convenience-is absurd. There have been five or six Colonial Secretaries within the last three years. How is it to be supposed that these shifting and successive chiefs can ever acquire an adequate mastery over the complicated subjects submitted for their consideration?It is notorious that they do not do so. The mass of detalIs must be in the head and conscience of the Under-Secretaries, on wlhom the ostensible chiefs are dependent for facts, dates, and events, with such colouring and grouping as it may please the former to give, and not displease the latter to accept. It maybe said that in ouar constitutional system tnis is the only po3sible state of things. Where the heads of departments are chosen from the chiefs of Parliamentary parties they cannot beexpected to pos3ess that precise and minute information which a long study of special subjects could alone give. They are selected, not for their special knowledge, but for their Parliamentary position; and therefore, when they find themselves in an office where peculiar knowledge- is required, they naturally fall back for support upon those subordinates whose more modest position has enabled them to master the multitludinoluS and complicated quiestions which wind their tortlous lengtlh along from one year to another. This may be adrnitted ;-Non omnia posmum.us awp,es. Alen whose time is devoted to theexigencies of Parliamentary debate cannot be expected to be quite familiar with the petty min1(fitr of departmental details. We must be
It is absolutely necessary that public attention should at once be fixed in a vigorous and decisive manner upon the attempt now in progress to bury our national collection of pictures in a most unfavourable site between Kensington and Bronipton. The bill which embodies this notable purpose stands for consideration on Monday next. We entreat of all menmbers of the Rouse of Commons who profess themselves independent of Court favoiir to luite at once in resistance to so preposterous a scheme. After Alonday next all further resistance may be considered as hopeless. There are three distinct projects for our consideration, and a fourth, not so well defined, which, in this racing season, we mav characterize as "the field." The first is that of removing the collection to Kensington Palace. The second is Prince ALAP.IT's plan for fixing it in the space bet.veen the Kensington-road and Brompton. The tlhird is for pulling down the present structure in Trafalgar-square, and for building on the site a National Gallery worthy of the position and of the English name. Ulnder the fourth head we comprise the various suggestions which have been offered froni time to time for fresh sites at different points at the West-end. The most promising of these is perhaps the southern side of PaL-mall, or ratlher that portion of it which lies between the Carlton Club and St. James's Palace. This, if we are rightly informed, is all Crown property, and a considerable section of it is actually occupied by the Ordnance Office, the business of which will shortly be transferred to Whitehall. Marlborough-house is destined in a few years for the residence of the Prince of WALEs; but, certainly, in Burlington-house an excellent substitute might be found in every way adapted for the residence of the Heir Apparent. We would not; however, have it supposed that we are arguing with any violent force of conviction for the last-mentioned plan. It may or may not, upon consideration, prove to be the best; the only point on which we are much interested aust now is to show that the site selected at Brompton is the very worst. The manner in which the conclusions of a select coMniitree of the House of Commons upon this subiect ar-- referred to in the third report of the Commissioner.3 fur the Exhibition of 1851 is unfortunate enl ugh. The persons who drew up that rep :rt are much to blame for havingprocured the siguature of the PR.INcE CONSORT to statements wllicil are not quite in accordance with the facts. T>vo resolutions were discussed before the counmittee of the House of Commons. The first involved thie poli.:y of retaining the present site of tht National Gallery as a permanent site. This rt'solutioai was decided -in the negative by a majority of ten votes to one, the late M1r. BARL'No NVALL being the dissentient. The resolution,however,which embodiedthe adoption of Prince ALBERTT'S plan was not carTied by a majority of ten to one, biu of six to five, or, in other words, by a majority of one. Now, the disingenuousness in the third report of the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 185i consists in this,-that the general conclusion of the conmmittee, which was in reality only carrik:d by one voice, is spoken of " as arrived at by a majority of ten votes to one, "the late vMr. BARING WVALL being the only dis"sentient." To this report the signature of Prince ALBERT is attached. But, even so, we have not done. MvIr. MoNCxToN Mmn\Es, who made the motion in favour of the Brompton site, did so in the following form :-" That the posi"tion wbhish has been selected at the entrance of "Kensington-gardens would afford a better pro"tection of the works of art there collected from "the evils of a crowded neighbourhood, and "-would improve the opportunity of erecting an "edifice wvorthy of the purpose." The committee, then, was fully aware that the Kensington-gardens site was the best, if the pictures were to be taken out of town at all. One would have supposed that its members would not have given up the attempt Ywithout a struggle, when the object in view was to obtain a Palace of Arts worthy of the age and of the country. Not a bit of it. They coolly add to the sentences we have just quoted, " But your committee are fully aware "that the acquisition of such a site is attended "wvith difficulties they see no adequate means of "removing, and, in consequence, they are prepared "to recommnend the acceptance of the offer of the " Commissioners." The offer was that of the PRINcE CONSORT and of the Commission of 1851. Under these circumstances, we call the particular attention of the country and of the House to the fact that the report of the select committee upon which tIme CIANCELLOR of the ExciEQuER's bill is founded embodies the distinct admission that the Kensington-gardens site, and not the site recommended, is the preferable one. Even so, and with this important modification, it appears that the resolution was only carried in the select committee by a single voice. Noow, can such a miserable conclusion as this-so feebly supported-be considered with any fairness as a basis for an act of Parliament which is to commit the country to a site for its future Palace of Arts-a monument which may endure for centuries after the present generation has passed away ? All that we ask for is time for consideration. We are drifting down upon a wrong site for our National Gallery, as we have drifted down upon a hundred other improper resolutions. The attention of the public has been so entirely occupied for the last three years, until quite recently, with the Russian war, and since then with the unhappy squabble with the United States, that we really have not had time to turn round and consider what had best be done in matters of iedileship. IJnless the Government bo so well advised as to withdraw the biU on Monday night-a course which to them will involve no disgrace, as it will merely recognize the fact that time is wanted for consideration-it will clearly be the duty of the House to reject so hasty, so unfortunate, and so ill-advised a proposition. For ourselves, we are not the advocates of this or that particular scheme. If it should appear to be the opinion of the majority of well-informed persons that the pictures suiffer from our London atmosphere, we should acquiesce in their being transferred to Kensington-gardens. We should do so with the conviction that the number of visitors would be sadly diminished in amount, and that the privation would fall chiefly on the humbler classes. For this we should be deeply grieved; but still the pictures must not be spoiled, for in the end that would be an injury to everybody. Should it, on the other hand, be made elear that the chief injury suffered by the paintings depends upon questions of temperature, &-c., easily within the control of the architects and guardians, we could have little hesitation in saying that a central situation would be far the best. Whether this site should be the site of the present :National Gallery, or a section of the southern side of Pall-mall, or elsewhere, is a point for argument and consideration. To be sure, the site in Kensington-gardens would unite the advantages of a pleasant rural walk for the humble classes with the gratification they would derive from the inspection of the pictures. They would have to make a holyday of it, however, and forfeit a -days wages, in order to procure for themselves this enjoyment. Prince ArBxT'S plan, however, combines every conceivable disadvantage. He would remove the pictures to a distance from the centre of the town, and plunge them into a most inconvenient locality, in which whatever building we may erect will be simply buried. This question of a proper site for our new Gallery of Art is one of great moment to us all; we look therefore to our representatives to guard us from the hasty and mosb improper decision embodied in the bill of the CHAwcE.LLop of the EXCHEQUER, which is to be discussed on Monday night.
THE 1,h-uN-DmoNs IXi FRANCE.-On Thursday a publicomeeting was held in the Gaildhalltlewcnstle-uponTyne, to promote a subscription for the relief of the sufferers by the recentinundations in France. The mayor, Mr. Philipson, presided. A letter was read front Mr. Hugh Taylor, chairman of the Coal Trade Commnittee, annOUncing a subscription of 500C. on the part of that committee. Other subsciptions by gentlemen m the meeting sweUed the amount to between 6001. and 7001. hL de Maricourt, Consul of France, expressed his deep gratitude for the sympathy which had been shown for his unfortunate fellow-countrymen. CItUBITY To Azns.-ST touD. June 20.-At the Petty Sessions. held here to-day-Mr. Winterbotham presiding-Frederick Page, a chymist's assistant, residing at Glocester. was charged, at the instance of the Royal Society for the PreventionL of Cruelty to Animals, with having cruelly beaten and overdriven a horse, the property of Mr. Robins, a livery stable-keeper, of Gloucester. It appeared that defendant hired the horse on the 9th ult., to ride te Stroud and back, but, instead of confining his journey within this limjit, he was seen by many persons several miles beyond Stroud, riding furiously, andracingwith a mailcart, driven by a man named Joshua Cook, against whom the Society also exhibited an information on a similar charge of cruelty. Witnesses were called, who spoke to the excessive speed at which the defendants were travelling, and to the cruel manner in which they both flogged their horses. The animal ridden by Page was shown by the landlord of a publichouse at which he pulled up to have been in a most exhausted condition. Page applied for liquor, but the landlord refuzed to serve hins; upon which he galloped off as fast as his horse could go, but had notproceeded more than 3C0 yards before the exhausted animal fell, and dislocated the fetlockjoints of both fore-feet, the bones protrudiog through the skin, and presentinz a shocking sight. The horse was killed on the spot, and no offer of comoensation has been mDade to theowner. The defendant Page pleaded gulilty, and; by advice of his solicitor, Mr. Mitchell, threw himself on the mercy of the Court. The other defendant received a good character from his emlployer. The Bench thought Page had exercised a wize discretion in pleading guilty, no doubt existing in the minkds of the magiAtrates that his conduct had oeen utterly it,defe,,sihle. As a claim had been made under the act of Pailianienit for the value of the horse, the Bench, takingall the circuimstances into consideration, had determined to impose upon Page the nominal fine of 11.. and 21. ls. Gd. costs, with an additional sum of 101., which was the highest an,ust they could legally award, for the loss the ownier of the mnitnal had sustained; and in default of paymenlt of the-e sumis, the defendant would stand comx,itted to thie House of Correction, with hard labour, for two months. The defendant Cook was adjudged to py a fine of 303.
OUR BELA TIOAS WITH THE UKZITED STATBS. The enlistment question is practically disposed of. The United States' Government has acknowledged the satisfactory nature of the explanations made by that of this country; it has, however, raised a personal quarrel with foir of Her Majesty's agents, and dismissed them fromii their functions within the Republic; and our Government has still allowed Mr. Dallas to remain, in order to negotiate with him (he having for the first time now reccived powers for such negotiation) respecting the affairs of Central America. A right comprehension of those affairs, and of the treaty which has been made, since President Pierce's accession to power, the groundwork for discussingz, them, is, consequently, of interest at this moment. Now, the affairs of Central America may be divided unider two heads-those which exist independently of the treaty of 1850-those which are connected with that treaty. During the last 80 years the Engiish have been established in Belize; and during the last century and a half (with a short interregnum) on the MIosquito coast, as protectors of the Mosquito Indians. A question arises how far they have during the last half century gone beyond any rights which they derived from treaties with Spain, by which treaties they were bound in 1783 and 1786. The only matter, however, to be solved here, as far as the United States are concerned, is whether the Government of that country can, without a very hostile and meddling spirit, interfere with matters which are not matters between it and Great Britain, but between Great Britain and another Power. With regard to the treaty of 1850 the case is different; its engagements are direct between the two Governments of Great Britain and the United States ; and their consequences, whatever those consequences are, must be abided by. The first questions here to inquiro are,-What was the use of the treaty which created these engagements? Was it called for? What were its objects, and how should it be interpreted in reference to those objects ? Its necessity and purpose were these :-At the moment wvhen it was made Great Britain was pledged on one side to protect the Mosquito territory (in which was included the mouth of the river San Juan) against Nicaragua; and the United States were equally pledged to protect and defend the whole of the river San Juan (including that portion which ran through the Mosquito territory) jbr Nicaragua. It only remained for the American company which had a grant from Nica. ragua of the navigation of the river San Juan to commence the operations which it has since carried on, and by favour of which the Ameriean emigration to California has of late years been taking place, in order to bring the two Governments of Great Britain and the UnitedStates into open conflict. It was an urgent object, conseq.uently, to prevent this conflict. Another object was to effect a canal communication between the two oceans, which communication could not be made unless by an agree. ment between Great Britain and the United States with respect to its construction through the territory claimed by the one party for Nicaragua, by the other for the Mosquitoes. These two objects were effected by the treaty of 1850, without which war would at that time have ensued, and all probability'of a ship canal been defeated. Such were the reasons for which the treaty in question was made. What is -the cause for the differences which have now arisen out of that treaty ? The two Governments, having agreed upon a policy for protecting all communications by ship canal or railway through the isthmus of Central America, wished to agree also as to i policy for restricting themselves in such a manner as would prevent either from exercising an exclusive influence over that isthmus. To effect this it was necessary to choose some form of words which should express how the two Governments in question were to be restricted. It has been said at various times that Sir Henry Bulwer selected the words that were employed with a view of what our brethren in the United States call "being too sharp" for Mr. Clayton,. or that Mr. Clayton had selected them for the same amicable and candid purpose towards our Minister and our. country. The fallaey of these observations is best shown by pointing out that the words in question were not originated either by Sir HenryBulwer or by Mr. Clayton, but selected from a letter addressed by Mr. Lawrence, some three or four months before the treaty was negotiated, to Lord Palmerston. The reasons for this selection are obvious. Lord Palmerston had assented to the principles which Mr. Lawrence had used the words in question to assert; and thus the gentlemen who were making a treaty in Washington knew that the expressions used for the purpose of conveying the meaning of the two Governments on a very delicate question had already been used in London by the American Minister, and had received the assent of the British Government. This part of the affair is of paramount importance, because all parties must admit that the United States' Govermoent, in selecting words to express a particular idea from , American State paper addressed by their own Minister then residing at the Court of St. James's to the British Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, must have meant those words to c;nvey in the treaty the meaning they had conveyed in the document from which they were extracted. What were these words, and what sense did Mr. Lawrence mean them to convey? On this hinges the whole dispute. Mr. Lawrence asked Lord Palmerston if tho Government of Great Britain Iintended to occupy or colonize any portion of the Mosquito coast or of Central America." Lord Palmerstoin replied that Great Britain did not intend to occupy or colonize any portion of the Mosquito coast or any part of Central America. When one person inquires of another whether he i)i&nds to do a thing, it is clear that he does not then think that that person has done it. It is therefore to be presumed, simply from the phrase above quoted, that lIr. Lawrence at that time did not consider that Great Britain had done any of those things to which he referred when he asked the British Government if it intended to do them. But, to show the force of this expression more clearly, it is necessary to show the sense that Mr. Lawrence attached, first, to the word "occupy ;" secondly, to the term " Central America." Now, the invariable sense given to this word, "occupy," when one nation speaks of a territory not its own, is a military one. Thus the allies " occupied" France by their armies and garrisons after the peace of 1815; Austria "' occupied" Tuscany a year or two since; France "occupies" Rome at this moment. Mr. Lawrence, moreover, makes it evident that he did use the word "occupy" in this military sense; for in acknowledging Lord Palmerstones communication, written in reply to his own, he thanks him for declaring that the British Government has no intention to " estcaish mititanj posts" on the Mosquito coast or anypart of Central America. Now, we had no military posts in Mosquitia at the time of the treaty. This explains why Mr. Lawrence asked whether we intended to have them; and the United States' Government may therefore fairly ask if we have them. The British Government would say in reply we have not. On this fact really rests the Mosquito question, for the right of protectintg the Mosquito Indians never was abolished by the treaty, nor even alluded to, and rem as it stood previous to the treaty. But the most important term on which explana- t on is required is " Central America." When Mr. Lawrence asked Lord Palmerston if the Government intended to occupy or colonize any part of Central Aierica he knew of our possession, occupation, and colomization of Belize. He could nottherefore have meant to comprehend Belize within the term " Central America." The best authority, however, on this point is Mr. Clayton, who stated in the Senate that it would be as reasonable to contend that California was in Central America as that the settlement of Belize was within Centra America. He says, and says justly, the term "Central Anerica' has always been considered by the United States as merely expressing the five Central American States-Guatemala, Honduras (Spanish), Sau Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica. Anything beyond these is not in Central America; whereas Britiih Honduras, or the Belize settlement, is known to- be in Mexico, and the British Government has actually treated concerning it with Mexico since the separation of that State from the mother country. Thus, then, the words of MIr. Lawrence, and the explanation of those wbrds by Mr. Clayton, both set the question of Belize at rest as far as the treaty of 1850 is concerned. Mr. Lawrence's words show that he did niot deem thatour actual possession of Belize could be considered as interfering with his question as to whether we intended to "occupy" or hold any portion of Central Amesica; and Mr. Clayton's words show that this was because Belize was not in Central America. - The only remaining question in debate relates to the Bay Islands. These we had not formally occupied or colonized in 1850. We have done so since. There were, however, prior to 1850, as the United States' Government knew, British settlers upon them. If these islands are fairly within Central America, although we might carry on an argument as to their being dependencies of Belize, it would not perhaps be worth oar while to do so. But if it cannot -be shown that any Central American State has a clear and indisputable right to them, then Great Britain has the best right. Such is the real state of the Central American question at this moment. If it is asked what interest we have in those rights we defend, and whether it is sufficient to induce us to go to war in support of them, it must frankly be admitted that our only great interest is the preservation of our honour. Belize might be given up without seriously damaging our empire, and the Bay Islands also. In protecting the Indians in MIosquitia we have no intereat but that of acting with fidelity and humanity, and vindicating that national character of which we have boasted in every treaty we have made for suppresing the slave trade. But honour, and a character for justice, and a tenacity of its just rights constitute the best property of a nation. They cannot be resigned without degradation, and whether the loss of empire or the loss of anything else degrades a nation, it is a matter of indifference; the nation sinks that is degraded. Moreover, by a constant policy of concession a State nourishes a constant policy of aggression in other States. It would be better to concede at once everything that can be conceded than to concede such things gradually and bit by bit; for such a policy knows no peace. We cannot therefore concede to the United States what they cannot justly demand; and the spirit in which their demands have been made does anything but invite such concession. What, then, can we do to end these troublesome disputes one way or the other? To abrogate the treaty of 1850 would not, as some have supposed, diminish-it would only increase our difficulties; for previous to the treaty we had pretensions more extensive and more vehemently disputed by the United States than those which the treaty left us. Our simple ancd straightforward course is this:- To throw aside all past correspondence and make a friendly proposal to the United States, consistent with all we have hitherto done and stated, but as consistent as we can make it with American interests. To be clear ;-we should propose, first, to make the town now called Greytown, at themouth of theRiver San Juan, a free and independent town; secondly, to assign a legitimate extent of territory to the Mosquito Indians, and place them equally under our protection and that of the United States ; or, if the manner in which the United States persist in viewing Indians is not compatible with our own, let the IUnited States point out any other mode of duly protecting these Indians which does not grant any exelusive rights or privileges to Great Britain. Thirdly, let us leave the real condition and position of the Bay Islands to arbitrators. Fourthly, let us declare that we do not extend our possessions in British Honduras beyond their limits in 1850, and claim from the United States a recognition of those possessions as they existed in 1850. A proposal of this kind would probably terminate the negotiations. If it did not, the United States must desire a quarrel with us; and we must brave that quarrel, for it would be equallyignominious and useless to attempt to escape from it.
DovEsn, Friday Evening.-The Prince Regent of Baden arrived at Dover by the express train at 7 o'clock this evening. A salute was fired from the Drop Redoubt, and a guard of honour of the Scots Fusileers, with the band of the regiment, received his Royal Highness at Birmingham's Royal Ship Hotel, where the Prince will remain until 11 p.m., at which hour his Royal Highness will leave for Calais. His Royal IHighness Prince Oscar of Sweden is expected at Dover to-morrow (Saturday). The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first halves of two Bank of England notes, for 101. and 51. each, for unpaid taxes due to the Govermment, from " F. J. ;" also the first halves of Bank of England notes for 551., being for unpaid income-tax not applied for, from cc J. S.,, TaE IMAms.-SouTHA'oa, June 20.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Ava, Captain Field, sailed this afternoon for Gibraltar, Malta, anr Alexandria, with the India and Mlediterranean mails 20 passengers, 180,9051. in specie for India, 10,0001. for Alexandra and an average cargo. The Tagus, Captain Christian, with the mails from Gibraltar, Cadiz, Lisbon Oporto, and Vigo, is expected about Tuesday next. The Sultan, Captain Cook, will convey the outward Peninsular mails of the 27th. The United States mail steamer Washington, Captain Cavendy, is expected at the latter end of next week, with the German, French, and English mails from New York. PnxseoumH, June 20.-The merchant ship Dominion, Captain Green, with indigo and sugar from Madras for London, was off Plymouth on Thursday. She touched at the Cape of Good Hope April 17, andcSt. Helena May 1, when the Mary Sparkes was lying there. Spoke May 9 the Dutch bark Batavia, from Arracan for Rotterdam; 27th, the Silistria, from London for Kurrachee, and the John 3Melhuish, from Liverpool for Calcutta; 29th, the Jullien de Nuzuela, from Manilla for Santander; June 1; the schooner Medea froin tho Bight of Benin for London'5th, theoDutch schooner Lieutenant Admiral Stellingwert, from Singapore for iFahuouth; 12th, the Dutch bark Tannetje, from Java for ltotterdam; 15th, the Princess iRoyal, from Vancouver's Island for Laondon; and 17th, the NTorwvegian hark Sir Eobert Peel, from eracan for Ealmouth. THE1 RALwAY STrax.-LTVERPooT, Friday.- The vigorous measures adopted by the directors have alarmed the turnouts, who, seeing that their places are being rapidly filled by other men, are crying loudly for arbitration, asserting that their case is misunderstood and appealing to the shareholders and merchants in the town to help them. They have convened a meeting for to-morrow ( Saturday), at which they invite the presence of sharehol- era and merchants interested in the traffic, promising that an unbiassed statement of facts shall he laid before them. They do not wish, they say, that the goods superintendent shall be removed; and they do not require higher wages than those given by thenierchants in the town-3s. 6d. a da-d for 12 hours' work. If, however, tbeyaro required to work beyond tbat period they urge their claim to 4s. a-da, or 333 6d. a-day, and 6d. an hour overtime. They are 'w'iing to submit the dispute to independent arbitration, expressing their willingness to be bound by the result. CoxviyAwcR OF LAxD ni IB.EL.Ay .-I. 1855 there were 2,261 conveyances on the sale of land registered in Dublin, against 2,475 in 1854. and 2,336 in 1853. There were 676 in which the consideration wasunder 5001., and 134 in which it was between 5001. and 1.0001. In 1.268 cases the consideration -as not ststed. In 26 cases the consideration was 5s. or 10s., or for " love audaffection."
IRELAND. I (F(ROM OUR OWH' CORREPONDET) DUBLIN, TRIDAY HORNINfG. N l~R5 flUSH POOR LA.W. Ths ninth annual report of the commissioners, which has been presented to the Lord-Lieutenant, shows that a material diminution of pauperism in Ireland is still g6ing on; and the comparison of the last 12 months with tho preceding 12 is, on the -whole, more favourable than the comparison betwveen the preceding year and the year next before thoat. With regard to the general condition of the laboulring classes the report says:- "We have made tha customary inquiry from ourzinspectors as to the resunlt of their observatious on the state of wages and general condition of the labouring class. An analysis of their reports, *.hich relate to every part of Ireland, is given in the -appendix, in the shape in -which the same- has been forwarded to the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, to whom we'have annuslly for the last four years supplied, at their request, information on this subject. These reports show that the material improvement in the rate of wages and the incressed constancy of emnployment of agricultural labourers and their families, dwelt upon in our last report, Ia not only been sustained, but has further advanced and acquired a stll more permanent and healthy aspect. lt mist, at the same time, be obherved that this improved condition has been concurrent vith an increase in the price of agricultural produce and with the existence of a corresponding stimulus to agricultural enterprise. It has likewise been concurrent w.ith a very large and abundant growth of potatoes, the lowered value of which, relatively to the value of other produce, has bzought tnat article recently into more general consumption than was the case for several years suereeding the famin6. The sanitary condition of the workhouses during the period in question has hben. satisfactory; the rates of mortality reported for the successive weeks being lower than in the preceding series; and the number of feverpatients having at no part of the period exceeded 2,435, which is equal to about one-fifth of the accommodation provided for this class of patients in connexion with the workhouse; and having been at one timne so low as 1,160, or less than one-tenth part of the same accommodation. We believe that these statistics may be considered as evidencing a good sanitary state in the population generally, inasmuch as the prevalence in the country of any epidemic or other disease dangerous to life iminediately results in an increased admission to she workhouse fever hospitals, and in an increase of the rate of mortality in workhouses." The report then calls attention to another circumstance, to a certain degree independent both of the improved condition of the country and of the machinery employed in dispensing relief, which the commmisoners are inclined to regard as one of the causes of the almost total disappearance of deaths by the wayside through the want of the necessaries of life, and that is the diminution of the number of mendicants and vagrants in Ireland -. "There was a large mortality in this class during the famine; and probably a large proportion of the wayside deaths reported to us through the constabulary, for several successive years consisted of mendicants who were unwilling to seek relief in the workhouse, and lost their lives through their inability to obtain alms from the peasantry at that period. We have therefore considered it a matter of peculiar interest at this time to obtain some intelligence as to the state of mendicancy in the country, and, with this viewv, have obtained reports from the Poor Law inspectors throughout Ireland of the result of their personal observations and experience on this subject. Those reports show that the habit of mendicancy has materially abatod in the population of Ireland; but that, on the other hand, in many parts of Ireland the evil still exists in a considerable degree, and that in others there is a strong probability of itsrevival. VWe humbly submit these state:ents to the consideration of your Excellency, in reference to the policy of causing a uniform and sustained action on the part of the constabulary, -itha view to a more general and more energetic enforcement of the provisions of the Vagrant Act, 10 and 1) Victoria, cap. 8t Perhaps there may not be a more convenient time for the repression of mendicancy than a time when the number of the offenders is comparatively small, and when conviction of mendicants would not cause inconvenience in the gaols." THE RAILWAY FORGERIES. The trial of Knighting is fixed for this day. He wasbrought up yesterday to the bar of the Conunission, and formally arraigned upon ten indictments, to each of Which the prisoner pleaded c" NTot guilty." An application to postpone the case to Saturday was refused by Baron Greene. The indictments are in substance as follows3- 1 L That on the 12th of MIarch, 1856, lie forged a deed purporting to transfer 1,0001. worth of the consolidated stock of the Great Southern and Western lailaway Company from Blizabeth Saltmarsh to John G. Gordon. 2. On the 7th of June, 1855, a deed purporting to tralsfer 156 of the 4 per cent. shares of the company, of the value of 201. epeh, amounting to 3,1201., from H1enry IL Jones to John Ryan. 3. On the 23d of September, 1854, a deed purporting to transfer 1,0001. of the company's consolidated stoek, as follows,-viz., 500. from John Thompson to William Whelan, and 5001. from John Thompson to William Ryan. 4. On the 18th of March, 1854, a deed purporting to transfer 1,1001. of-the capital stock of the company from John Thompson to John R^yan. o. On the 24th of April, 1854, a deed purportin"to transfer 1,750!. of the capital stock of the company TrOm John Thompson to John George Gordon. 6. On the 4th of November, 18557 .a deed purportng to transfer 5001. of said stock from fenry Carter to Johaf Ryan, and 50Ol. from 3E1ixabeth Saltmarali to John Ryan. 7. On the 17th of October, 1853, a deed purporting to transfer 1,0001. of the company's consolidated stock from Henry Cooke to J. G. Gordon. S. On the 22d of October, 1853, a deed purporting to transfer 1,0001. of the same stock from Henry Coos;e to John Ryan. 9. On the 26th of October, 1854, a deed purporting to transfer 1,0001. of the same stock from G. F. Cooke to John G. Gordon. 10. On the 26th of October, 1854, a deed purporting to transfer 1,550!. of the same stock from G. F. Cooke to John G. Gordon. Each indictment had a second count, for uttering vith intent to defraud." TEE FUNDS. Threeper Cent. Consols 94 ; ditto, for new account 8th of July, 94A - . i; New Three per Cent. Stockl 94 i A; ditto, for aecount, July 9, 94 ; Hibernian Bank (251. paid), 31:} x.d.; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 15. Reilways.-Belfast and Ballymena (501. paid), 50 x.d. and a, new; Dublin and Wikldow (101. pad), 50- ditto, for account, 5S; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 534; ditto, eighths, 6 per cent. preference (6, s. paid), 70; Hidland Great Western and Eoyal Canal (501. paid), 514; ditto, for account, 514 ; ditto, half-shares (2-5!. paid), for account, 25~.. (BY E3LECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DU~BLIN, FRThAY EVsanG. THE TIS'I'ERARY EA -flPORTA2 JImGIrr. The MIaster of the Rolls gave judgmnent to-day in The celeorated case of John Ginger, one of the ESnglish shareholders, who appealed against the order of the Master in Chancery, by which he (~the appellant) was placed upon the list of contributories t,o the Tipperary Bank. Eis Honour, after giving a complete history of all the transact~ions connected with the bank, and showing the complicity of James Sadleir in the frauds of the late John Sadleir, said, in conclusion, that he fully assented to the opinion expressed by Lord Campbell, to the effect that if a dividend were paid out of the capital of a concern when no profits had been made a gross fraud wvould be practised, and the directors were not only civilly liable to those whom they had deceived and injured, but they were guilty of a conspiracy for which they were liable to be prosecuted and punished. There could be no doubt that a conspiracy by falsehood (as by a fictitious dividend) to raise fictitiously the market value of shares of a railway company, or any other joint-stock comnpany, that the Queen's subjects may be decei*ed and injured, and at their expense a profit mnay be made by the conspirators, would be an indictable offience. " I am therefore (continued his Honour) of opinion that the order of the Mfaster must be reversed. I have come to thlat conclusion on the first question raised, although I am also of Opinion, if the arg,ument of counsel for the official manager was well founded, that James Sadleir was the agent of the Irish shareholders in respect of the contracts entered into with the EDnglish shareholders, that the contract was vitiated by fraud. I have not de- cided 'whether the 6th of George IV., c. 42, sec. 22, applies to this case. It has been contended that that section is only applicable between creditors and shareholders, and not as between shareholders iiiter se. If it is applicable as between shareholders ier se, it wvould put an end to all quiestion in the case, but I do not consider it necesRsary to decide that point, There is, Ibelieve, no corresponding section in any act in force in England. The Mlaster's order 'will be reversed." In the course of the judgment, 'which occupies seven colutmns of the Mail of this evening, the Master of the Rolls read with marked emphasis the following extraordinary letter, addressed to James Sadleir by John Sadleir; it bears date " London, December 31, 1855," a few weeks previouis to the final smash of the Tipperary Banlk- " ¶rrrs.ARY JOLN-r-STOcsc na.- "My dear James,-The accounts should be inade out treating the paid up capital as 100,000L. on the 31st of Dccember, 185-1; therefore the requisite number of shares to make this account square should be entered as vested in A. Ferrall, Esq., and he should be debited accordingly in an account in respect of the shares. "The 'reserved fund' should be treated as 1i-,0I21. Os. od.a on the 31st of December, 1854. "It will not be requisite to print and circulate among the Irish shareholders a balance-sbeet, but, as allthe English shareholders are in thoehabit of getting from every bank in which they hold shares a printed balance-sheet eaoh half-year, we must give them a printed balance-sheet at least rIne a-year, and for the year ending tho 31st of December, 1855. "By this means the present Eglish shareholders wil double their present holdings in the Tipperary Bank, and I dare say say the balance of tho 100,0001. of stock will be quickly taken up. " Now, I know mnany of the English joint-stock banks, in order to give a good appearanco to their balance, have con.tantly trebledthe amount of their balances, &c., by maldng a series of entries, whoreby they appeared to have asets - end liabilitiestofourtimes the amounttheyreallyposse6sed or had. This has been always kept very quiet, and what. at first was a kind of fiction became gradually to be bondt "I enclose you the figures I gave Law (i. e., Farmer John Law), and some few others, and the balance-sheet for the year ending the 31st of December, 1855, should be framed so as to tally with this balance-sheet for the year' ending the 31st of December, 1854. "An increase of aboat 30,0001. in the item of customers balances, &c., should be made to appear. The item ' trade fixtures' should be increased or decreased as you considered best. "' Tho way to show the customers balances up to-say, 759,2231. 16s. 2L, or thereabouts, would be, of course, by crediting certain accounts-deposit, or current accounts, or both, and debiting certain other accounts for sums which in the whole would represent the same. "For example, six or seven deposit receipts may be issued to me for such and such sums, amounting in the' whole to> 400,000l. or 500,0001., and then four or five accounts might be opened, such as- 1. Tne South-Eastern Swiss Railway Company ..£2163,000 2. TheoPrassianCoal Company '... ... 157,00D 3. The Rowoe asd Frascati Railway Company 3G,000 4. The Grand Juntion ItailwayCompany ... 4S,00 5. The East Kent Railway Company ... . .. 157,000 and each of the foregoing accounts'might be debited with advances made to me as representing each of said companies to the extent of the sums I set opposits each of the five accounts, and which sums would amoiunt in all to 561,0001. "' Then the deposit receipts for 21,5001. granted to BackbousO might be added, and I should be debited with saai .um in an account called John Sadleir, trustee in the Backhouse mortgage. "All the foregoing accounts would be looked on as s many trust accounts obtained by arranging to advance as much as was received; and, as the bank could not be called on to pay any of the deposit receipts so long as one penny was due on any of the accounts, the safety of the bank was; perfect, and the question of interest both ways conld be so, adjusted as to work out enough of profit to enable the bank to pay the 6 per cent. interest and 3 per cent. bonus on the 100,000., and to carry to the reserve fund a good sum-say, 5,000l. "I hopeyou will see this matter in the light I do; perhaps I have not sufficiently explained the case, but I am sure I am right, and that the 'whole thing canbe so managed as to defy any criticism, if such should be started, but of course we should not court any. When I go over I can explain alL The books should be kept open for the requisite entries. " There is nothing to prevent the Tipperary Bank from doingwhat has been done in the Bank and the Bank, and the Banl;, and that is all I advise-namely, to open two accounts for A B; to credit one account as having received from A B 100,0001. on deposit; to debit the other account l.00,000., as having lent AB so much on thri security of his deposit recxmio, and his pursonzl security, of course; in every case the Tipperary Bank should receive the deposit receipts and retain same as security. "F. Law will send or l1r. Kelly the account of the money got on placing of shares, andnot previonsly acconnted for. 'Yours affectionately, "J. SknLMR. "I enclose the prospectus. 1 did not see the paper containing reference to O'Shea." THE RAILWAY FORGERY CASE. James Iontgomery Knighting, who was arraigned last- evening, and pleaded " not guilty" to ten several indictments charging bim with variouzi forgeries, was placed at the bar of the Commission Court this morning, and a jury was about being empannelled-to try him, when the Court directed the prisoner to be PUt back, it having transpired that the learned Judges were shareholders in the Great Southern and Western Railways, and therefore felt reluctant to try the case. Inder those circumstances a trial will not be had until it has been ascertained which. of the remaining common law Judges who is not a shareholder will consent to preside.
SIR BDAUND LYONS. Sir Edmund Lyons, whose immediate elevation to the peerage we announced in our columns yesterday, is of West Indian extraction, his father and grandfather having been settled during the last century on an estate called Lyons, in the island of Antigaa. His father, who is described by Burke as " John Lyons, Esq., of Lyons, in Antigna, and of St. Austin's, Hants," and who was a major in the Christchurch Volunteer Artillery during the war with France, married a daughter of Mr. J. x Walrond, of Mountrath, Devon, by wvhom he had three sons and three daughters. is isster married the father of Admiral Walcott, the present M.EP. for Chrisbchurel. Edmund, the second son of the above MIfr. John Lyons, was born at Vhite Hayes, a mansion in tae hamlet of Burton, near Christchurch, Hampshire, on the 21st of November, 1790. At an early age Edmund Lyons was sent to Hyde Abbey School, near Winchester, then under Dr. Richards, who could boast among his pupils the names of George Canning, DeanGaisford, and Wolfe,the author of the . " Ode on the Burial of Sir John Moore." Here, however, EdmundLyons didnotremainlong. anJune, 1801, at the age of 10, he entered the navy, under thelate Admiral Sir Harry Burrard Neale, on board the Royal Charlotte, and in the folloving year joined the Mdaidstone, Captain RL Ioubray. In 1807 we find him serving in the Active, in the DardaneUes, under Sir J. T. Dackworth, and engaged in the successfal attack on the redoubt of Point Pesquies, on the Asiatic shore. In November, 1809, he became lieutenant of the Barracouta brig, and in the following year he wa one of the storming party who attacked the Castle of Bel, gica, inthe island of Banda Neira, during a 3nidnight storms an achievementwhich added anotherDtitch colony to our possessions in the Indian seas. In 1811 hewas serving on the coast of Java, but was forced to retqrn home, in shattered health, soon after he had stormed and captured the strong fortress of Marrack. In 1812 he was appointed to tbe Rinaldo, in which vessel he conveyed Louis XVIIL to France, and brought the allied Sovereigns to England. He obtained post rank in 1814, but does not appear to have been actively employeed between that date and 1828, when, in command of the Blonde, he blockaded Navarino, and saperintended. the naval expedition in aid of the French investment of the Castle of Morea, the last hold of the Sultan, in the Peloponnesus. For twelve days and nights he was continualy- in the trenches; apcd, on the cessation of hostilities, his courteons bearing, skill, and bravery obtained for him the orders. of St. Louis of France and of the Redeemer of Greece. In 1829 he conveyed the British Ambassador, Sir R. Gordon, to Constantinople in the Blonde, and in 1831 took Sir John .ldcolm to Alexandria. It is not a little singular that the Blonde was the firt British vesel that entered the Black Sea; aud in her Captain Lyons visited both Odessa and Sebastopol nearly 25 years ago. In 1832, in the hMadagascar, he was an eye-witness of the bombardment of Acre by Ibrahim Pasha, and in the following year he escorted King Otho and the Bavarian Embassy from Trieste to Greece. He paid off the Midagascar in Januar- 1835, and in the same month was ]k-nighted and received the insignia of a KC.H. From July, 1835, to February, 1849, he fulled the post of Minister Plenipotentiary and Ambassador Extraordinary at the Court of Athens ; from 1849 to 1851 he held the same ap-. pointment in Switzerland; and from 1851 to the end of 1853 at Stockholm. The latter appointment he resigned when the war withRussia becameimminent, inordertotakethepost ofsecond in command in the BlackSea, umderAdmiral J.W.D. Dundas, on whose resignation he became Commander-in. Chief oftlhe Black Sea fleet, in January, 1855. He 'wan created a baronet for his civil services in 1840, and honoured. with the Grand Cross of the Bath in 1844. In 185 he received from the Sultan of Turlkey the dignity of a Medjidie of the first class. The rest of the story of Sir Edmun& Lyons's career is too fresh in our readers' memories to need detailing here. Sir Edmund Lyons married, in 1814, Augusta, second daughter of the late Captain Josias Rogers, R.N., by whom, who died at Stockholm in 1852, he had two sons and t-o daughters. One of thelatteristhepreseuntDIchessof.Norfolk, the other is married to a German nobleman, the Count Philip von Wurtzburg. Of his two sons, the elder, Richard Bicl-erton (sonamed after his fatlier'searlyfriendandpatron. the late Sir Richard Bick-erton), is atfachi at Florence and. resident at Raome; his younger seon, the late Captain 3MoubrayLyons, after having swept the Sea of Azoff, in tho Mliranda, and having bombarded Arabat, Genitchi, and: Taganrog, was severely wounded off the harbour of Shbas. topol, and died cn the 23d of June last in the hospital at Therapis. Ourreaders willnothave forgotten the tegti-7 mony borne to the character of that gallant offider by He r Miajesty in the autograph letter which she ndd.-es*ed an that melancholy occasion to Sir Edmund Ly lus.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. -A NCE. (wiOX OUR OWN CORRISFIONDIzT.) (A portion of the following &ppeared in onr second edition Jof eVterd&: t-1 PARMIS, T111sDAY, Juiz 19, 6 P.M. I A printed paper, emanating from Switzerland, xeceived here by the post, affords another proof, if any were wanting, of the appropriateness and absolute neces sity of the declaration against the " theory of the poniard" recently put forth, by M. MIanin. The paper I allude to is printed on both sides, but without the printer's name; on one is the address to the Italians of the en:-Peer of France and ex-poet, M. Victor Hugo; and on the other is a copy of verses entitled La Sveglia, or "theAwakening." BothareintheItalianlanguage. While 31. Victor Hugo's composition passes the reasonable limits which are not incompatible even with tle most imaginative poetry, the verses are prosaic euough. 2f. Hugo's eflusion has already appeared in the original French in the Belgian papers, and it does not seem to have improved in its newv dress. qIhis, however, is a matter of taste. In the poetical composition it is said, among other things, that the Italians should rise to fight the great battle of liberty, but under the red flag (" la rossa bandiera"'); that they must put themselves on their guard against "Cain, who is about to descend from the souirces of the Po, travestied into a Prophet,"- "AIl'erta ! che in vesti di falso profeta, "yon scenda Caino dai fonti del Po ;" by Cain is no doubt meant Victor Emmanuiel, Kingof S.ardinia ; and that they, the ltalians, must zot forget that oii twto occasions "1 Italy abandoned herself to a deceitful King, who betrayed her :" *Due volte, Italiani, la terra natale, " Volo nello braccia d'un lRe barattier; "Due -olte, il sapete, qual donna venale, "1 Fn resa agli aimplessi di drudi stranier." The writer then addresses himself to " the poor, who are only fed with the crumbs o' bread which fall from the tables of their enemies"-("M endici! che vivete del lurido pan, che ceade dal desco de' -vostri nemici ;") and he concludes by summoningr to the combat the clases that are " deprived of fortune" (" gente ignuda"), as "the tocsin sounds, the torch is lighted, and the poniard raised"-(" la squilla c sonata, la fiaccola accessa, brandito il pugnal"). And in another part he says that "the latin race is born to brandish the steel of Brutus" -("0 stirpe Latina, che il ferro di Bruto sei nata a trattar"). It seems from the foregoing that the existence of a sect of soi-disant patriotsvho preach the doctrine of the poniard in Italy is a fact beyond doubt or dispute, and it is equaUy clear that the Italian journalists, who, from national susceptibility, have denied a fact so notorious and so positive, are iln error, and do injury to the cause by persistence in3t. It also follows, at least in my opinion, that M. :Manin, by declaring that the great national Italian party rejects with horror such a doctrine, and refuses to have any connexion wvith its advocates, has done an act, not merely of great political probity and of great courage, but has at the same time given proof of great political foresight, inasmuch as he prevents the confounding in the same reprobation, and the loading withthe same aversion, the -avage and stupid advocates of anti-social dochtines, acid the noble, honest, and intelligent defenders of the national cause of Italy. Te assurance may again be safely repeated, that these partisans of the doctrines of assassination are but a handfiul of men rejected by the nation, and irritated by their isolation, and that their acts of folly and wickedness should not serve as a pretext for weakening the syrapathy so generally felt towards the cause of that noble and ill-fated country. I believe, on the contrary, that, under such circumstances, liberal governments and the liberal press have a duty to perform. If they wish to destroy completely the remaining influence of this sort of false patriots, if they wish to deprive them of the last chance of ever obtaining the means of realizing their anti-social theories, they ought to support with all their force the true patriots of Italy, and aid them in theattain3ment of an object which is the unanimouis desire of the Peninsula, namely, the indepuidence and vnificatien of Italy. The preparations of Coiunt de Morny for his departure for Moscow are nearly completed. The :Embassy will be on a magnificent scale, andcnothing will be left undone, and nio expense spared, to represent France and her Emperor worthily at the coronation of the Czar. The fact of R3ussia being so lately at war with France is an additional motive to render every honour to the successov of Nicholas. No less than 50 persons, it is said, will comprise the personvel of the mission. Some of them have already set out to prepare the house for the reception of the Ernvoy. M. de Morny has, it appears, declined anything like remuneration for his Eervices on the occasion; he will only accept the bare expenses of his mission, and these, you may suppose, will amount to no inconsiderable sum. The carriages and liveries are of the richest kind, if one can judge from the drawings of them. The former are built by the first house in Paris, and the liveries, which are white turned up with red, are furnished by the well-known Chevreuil, at a cost of about 5,COOI. The aTtist-ta. illeur who makes theni insists upon accompanying the cases to St. Petersburg to inspect personally the unpacking, as such delicate and costly articles are not to be intrusted to unprofessional hands, and none of the secretaries cr attachcs know much about tailoring or millinery. In a vword, everything that money and art can do -ill be done to render this Embassy extraordinary one of the most brilliant at the Court of Russia. B1. Persigny, you are perhaps aware, came over to Paris to attend tne ceremony of the baptism of the Imperial infant. He was with the Emperor en the evening of the i'1amination and display of fireworks. An anecdote is related which is quite characteristic of the Emperor. His Majesty invited his old friend and companion in adversity to accompany hin to the MIinistry of MIarine, from the terrace of which he intended to view the fireworks. 21. Persigny excused himself, as lie vas at that moment in plain moring dress, and could not well present himself in that costunie at the oflicial residence of the Mdinister. " Never mind," Maid the Emperor, goodnaturedly, "I will lend you a coat-we are much of a size." lNo sooner said than done. A dress-coat was brought, and M. Persigny put it on. He remarked, however, that the star of the Legion of Honour with -which it was decorated was on the left breast, where it is worn by the K1nights Grand Crosses, the highest in the order, the Grand Officers, to which grade only AL Persigny belonged, wearing it on the right breast. NI. Persigany poirted out the impropriety of wearing a decoration to which he was not entitled. " Never mind," was the reply, " we will arrange all that." Al. Persigny had no further objection to make ; and the decree for his nomination to the rank of Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour appeared the next morning in the Iltnitemr. The Russian Government intend having in future a Consul-General in Paris instead of a simple Consul. The person appointed to that post is M. de Rouston. At an audience with the Emperor the other day the French prelates alluded to the necessity of some restrictive measures to enforce the observance of the Sabbath, and of removing the difficulties in the way of the troops attending mass regularly on Sundays and holydays. The Emperor listened as usual with attention, but from what hesaid it was evident that, however desirable he thought the observance of the Sunday, lie preferred that the prelates should not interfere in matters relating to the regulations of the a>rmy._ _ His E1;minence the Cardinal Legate and the Roman prelates of his suite, his Excellency the Papal Nuncio, and the Cardinals, Archbishops, and Bishops of France present in Paris on the occasion of the baptism of the Prince Imperial, dined on Tuesday evening at the Palace of St. Cloud. The Mayors of the great towns of the departments who were present at the grand ceremony of the Imperial baptism had the honour of dinincg with the Emperor yesterday at St. Cloud. t The persons who accompany Prince Napoleon on his cruise are Commandant Ferri-Pisani, Aide-deCarop to his Imperial Highaess; the Duke d'Abrantes, Aide-dc-Camp to Prince Jerome; M. Iubaine, private secretary to the Princo; M. de E:aulcy, member of the Institute; M. Chaniourtois, ;rofessor at the School of IMines; and Al. Ciprlani, colonel of cavalry in the service of the King of Piedmont. The historical part of the expedition is coniided to M. Choiedsky; 31. Giraud is charged with the drawingrs; ?YI. Rousseau, assistant-naturalist at the Jardin des Plantes, will direct the photographic works; and 21. Stahl, a modeller, will take phrenological casts. The Prince travels incogntito, under the name of the Count de Meudon. After stopping afew days on the coast of Scotland, he will proceed towards the coast of Greenland. If the ban'ks of ice will permit he will visit the Danish establishments in Greenland, and return by Iceland, the North Cape, and the coast of Norway. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 75c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f. 75c. ; and the New Loan at 7lf. 20c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,340f.; Great Northern, 1,105o.; Strasburg, 930f.; new shares, 850f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,465f. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,060f.; Western of France, 920f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 760f.; Great Central of France, 645f.; Lyons and Geneva, 780f.; Bank of Cr6dit MIobilier, 1,710.; AustrianRailways, 882f. o0c. Cours AWutntiqu--FARIS, June 19.-Cash Prioes.- Four-and-a-.Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 25c. 93f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 93!.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 93f.; Three pr Cents., 71f. 70!. 95c. 60c. 50c.; ditto second Lo.a of 1855 (60 per cent. paid). 70f. 85c. ; ditto Certificates (60 per oent. paid, 70f. Sc.; Bank of France, 4,045f. 4,025f.; Cr4dit Fonder, 68S5f. 695f. ex. div. ; ditto Obligations of 5Of., Your per Cents.. 445f.: Credit Nobilier, 1,750f. 1,745f. 1,740f. 1,720f. 1,710f.; Discount Bank, 69Sf.; Biedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 25c. 92! ; Austrian Five per Cents., 91; iomans, 85.' 85; Spanish Deferred Converted, 251; ditto Passives, 6Z; ditto Three per Cents., 46; ditto In. tezior Debt, 41i a; Dutch Four per Cents., 94.. Exchange on London, at siglt, money, 25f. 35c.; three months. money, 25!. 2hc. PRUSSIA. (rnomr oUR owN corREsnron@Dm .) BERLIN', Juszx 1S. There is no political news of any interest here just now; the King and the Ministers are absent from town, and everybody of mark is leaving the place for country seats, trips to Switzerland, or visits to the various medical springs with which Germany abounds. The Empress of Russia duly arrived at Weimar on the 14th inst., accompanied by the Grand Duke Michael; on the 16th she was to proceed further, to Frankfort, accompanied by the Prince of Prussia, who was to fetch her from Weimar; and at Frankfort they were to be joined by the Princess of Prussia, -who was to come from Baden-Baden for that purpose. On the 18th (to-day) the I impress was to proceed to Stuttgard, on which the Princess returns to Baden-Baden, and the Prince prosecutes his tour of inspection further. The Archduke :Maximilian of Austria arrived at Hamburg on the 14th, travelling under the name of Count de Weideneck, and will probably leave to-day or to-morrow. The most important event for Germany is one that will be allowed to pass over unnoticed and with very little coniment;-the usual annual conference of the Zollverein met yesterday at Eisenach, and when the routine business has been got through there vwill be a meeting of a portion of the representatives at Weimar; the object of this latter meeting has not as yet transpired. Great expectations have been formed that Prussia would on occasion of this year's conference renew her motion for a considerable diminution of the import duty on iron, a measure which her own interests imperatively call for, and which she has on several former occasions striven to pass, but always without success; on the present occasion it was believed that the accession of several votes in favour of the measure would justify her in renewing the attempt. Inforniation that has reached me within the last few days shows me, however, that there is no intention on the part of Prussia to attempt it again as ye', there being no prospect of the requisite unanimity being attained. The news of this resolution having been come to by the Government will be a source of great disappointment in numerous circles, where the very rmistaken idea is still to be met with that Prussia possesses greatpoewer and influence in the ZoUiverein, a vielv that prevails only in circles where no attention is paid to the objects and the constitution of that body. Some enterprising houses in Dantsic have imported three iron steamboats from Belgilum, which have been conveyed thither in pieces and have been put together on the Vistula, for the purpose of opening the line of navigation connecting the Baltic with South Russia. The probability of the Prussian railway that now ceases at K6nigsberg being soon continued to the Russian frontier, and also of a Russian railroad frorm Kowno to meet it, increases every day. When the junction has been effected between the Prussian line and the Russian at Kowno the interval will be but small that separates it fiom Wilna, by which the St. PetersburgWarsaw line is to run. Of any progress made w ith the latter, however, there has of late been no news. The encroachments of the sea on the Baltic coast of the Prussian provinces are attracting attention just now; the direction they take is always southeasterly, and their extent is described as greatest w-here the coast consists of high bluffs. Various buildings which formerly were at a safe distance from the sea have now to be pulled down, while others have already fallen a prey to the wearing constancy of the waters; the extent of the encroachments is about 100 feet in less than 100 years; this extent, taken upon the whole length of the coast affected by it, gives a loss of nearly 3,500,000 square feet whlich the sea has taken into its own dcminion in about two generations. SWEDEN. (EPo0r o0r. owN coRREsPoNnDEN-r.) IAMBURG, JuxE 18. Stockholm accounts up to the 11tli inst. mention the arrival of the Danish steamer Hekla, with Danish, and the Norwegian steamer Ganger Rolf, with Norwegian students, respectively from Copenhagen and Christiania. Raving first joined company at MIalm6, they proceeded on to Stockholm e2t 1r'Vdc to IJpsala, at which place a grand Scandinavian festivity will be celebrated inthe course of a few days. On arriving at Stockholm, the whole of the students marched in procession to the courtyard of the Royal Palace, and after giving hearty cheers for the King and Royal Family comnmenced singing some patriotic hymns and songs, which brought the Sovereign, with his youngest son, Prince Augustus, to great them, and whlio, after so doig, addressed them in the most friendly manner and signified a cordial welcome. On their return from Upsala the King gave them an invitation to dine with him at his summer palace, near Stockholm. The students were then taken by the authorities to be entertained at a grand banquet prepared for them at the Exchange, anid after this proceeded on to Upsala, where they arrived on the following day. Accounits from St. Petersburg, to the 12tlh inst., nmention the returni of the Emperor to his residence, where lie was received by a vast multitude of people, aimid great rejoicings. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN COUtR.ESPONDENT.) TURIN, JuN7 16. Respecting the differences between the local Government of Parna and the Austrian authorities there, wlhich I mentioned in my letter of the 7th, I have no-w received further and most important inforniation, which, thoughl it comes to me inclirectly, may be implicitly relied on. The difference seems to have arisen on the subject of persons thrown into prison on various accusations under the military riegi,e of Count Crenneville, and whom he wanted to try by the Special Comnmission which had been named expressly for the trial of persons accused of implication in the late assassinations. As it is notoious that most of these prisoners have been most unwarrantably arrested, it was evident that the proposition of Count Crenneville was made simply with the view of shifting some of the unpopularity of his own acts to the shoulders of the Parma Government, and conse- quently it was opposed in the first place by Prince Soragna, President of the Special Commission, and afterwards by theDuchess-3Regent and her MIinisters. The matter was referred to Marshal Radetzky, who -forthwith despatehed his Adlatus, Count Thun, to Parma, but only for the purpose, it would appear, of supporting Count Orenneville, for the result of his presence has been to make the General more imperious in his demands and more haughty in his treatment of the Duchess and her Ministers. This being the case, Prince Soragna tendered his resignation of office as President of the Commission, and the Duchess, finding thatallherremonstrancesto the chief Austrian authority in Italy were without effect, decided on exercising her sovereign attribute of mercy, and ordered the liberation of the prisoners who have been the innocent and unwilling cause of this dispute ; to which Count Crenneville retorted by telling her that for the future the Austrian troops would not interfere in support of the civil power of Parma, and that if any disturbance shouldoccur the Parmesan Government must rely on its own resources to check it. So matters remained at Parma on the 12th (since which we have no intelligence); but the threat of Count Crenneville-for as such it is accepted-had caused serious apprehension of an outbreak, seeing how ciever Austrian emissaries have proved themselves in the same city in egging on some mad' heads in order to procure a pretext for military intervention. It 'was expected that the- Duchea would raise the state of, siege, but all were lost in speculation aa to the probable conduct of Austria. The lament of the Moderate party all through these troubles has been the manner in m hich the Duchess has been left at the mercy of CountV Crenneville by the Western Powers; and now that she has plucked up a little spirit they say that, if she is not sustained in the assertion of her independence, the country will again be sacrificed to Austrian intrigue, as there will be no difficulty in getting up an isolated movement, in a Mazzinian sense, which it would, of course, be affirmed by those who had an interest in doing so, was the effect of a wide-spread conspiracy, and treated accordingly-that is to say, by military intervention. Moderate men in Parma are of opinion, that the Government would be perfectly `ell able to manage its owvn affairs if left entirely to. itself, which it never has been since 1849, as Austria has always maintained a small force in the capital, and thereby retained a tutelage which destroyed the confidence of the people in their own Government, and impeded the proper action of Government in its responsibility to its subjects. 'hey say the army and police are more than sufficient to preserve order, if properly commanded, and that, with the exception. of some of the superior officers of the former who are ultra-Austrian, tne nilitavy forces of the duchy are well esteemed by the country. MIonsignor Manzoni, who has been many years Papal Nunlo at F;lorence, has just been named to a similar office at the Court of Brazils, and as this change, although perhaps it may be a rise in the diplomatic service, can hardly be agreeable to the Monsignor himself, it was regarded at Florence as a mark of displeasure on the part of the Holy See at his not having succeeded in getting the Concordat signed by the Grand Duke, especially as Monsignor Manzoni was formerly supposed to be a great favourite of the present Pope. GXeneral La Marmora re-entered upon his functions as Minister of War to-day, and General Durando has been promoted to the rank of lieutenantgeneral. The Sardinian Parliament was prorogued to-day by Royal decree, which was read in the Senate by Count Cavonr, and in the Chamber of Deputies by Signor Rattazzi. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 14th inst. Las Novidades announces that the Queen's Government had accepted the mediation of France for the settlement of its differences with Mexico. We read in the same journal "If, as there is every reason to hope, the orders of the Govermmenthave been executed, Mexico has probably before now given satisfaction to Spain, or been made to feel that She is not to insult us with impunity. On the 16th of last month Don Miguel de los Santos Alvarez, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Queen to the Mexican Republic, -was to sail from the Havannah for Vera Cruz with four ships of war-the frigate Cortes, the corvette Ferrolana, and 'two steamers-under the orders of Brigadier Luis Pinzon, second in command of the navat forces at Cuba. M. Alvarez has been instructed by General Zabala to notify to the Mexican Government on his arrival in the bay of Vera Cruzthat he was ready to present his credentials, provided the bonds taken from the Spanish creditors were restored, tho interest due on them paid, and the legitimacy of the debt, already sanctioned by a treaty, again acknowledged. Should the Mexican Governnent agree to pay and restore the bonds, x. Alvarez will land and immediately deliver his credentials; if not he wll return to the Hlavannah on board one of the steamers and leave the three other ships in observation before Vera Cruz. The Captain-General of the Island of Cuba announced that he could dispose, not of 4,000 men, as we stated yesterday, but of 6,000 of the best troops, welt armed and equipped, inured to the climate of the country, and ready to march wherever the Government thought proper to order them. General Concha offers at the same time to fit out a larger force, if necessary, wvithout the least danger for the security and tranquillity of the island."
GANAADA. [The following appeared in our second edition of yesteIday .-] (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, FnRmAY MOREMNG. The Canadian has arrived, with advices fromn Quebec to the 7th instant. The Resolute, froni Balaklava, with troops, arrived at Quebec on the 7th instant. In the Canadian Parliament a vote of confidence in the Ministry had been carried by a majority of fomif votes. The Courricr des Eftds Unis says it has private information, from a very good source, that at the Iatest dates General Walker -was in a desperate position, having been constrained to evacuate Graniada and take refuge in the mountains, short of men, ammunition, and provisions. Money tight: 3 per cent. per month on small sums. rFreights had been reduced from 37s. 6d. to 30s. to Liverpool for timber.
A UST?ALIA. [The foUowing appoared in our second edition of yestexday:-] (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) PLYMOVUTH, FRID1Af MORssNG. The George Marshall, Captaini lWilliam IHlenry, with '50 casks of copper and a full cargo of wool, has arrived in the Chamnel. She left Melbourne on the 21st of Mfarch, the same day as the 3orning Star, which arrived on Wednesday. The George Marshall brings 60,000 ounces of golddust, 100,000 sovereigns, and 90 passengers. Off Cape Horn, on the 21st of April, she sighted the ship Panama, of Liverpool, bound probably for Valparaiso.
CoNsEcRATIoN OF ST. ANDREW'S CuRuc, I.UrBEr.-The new district church of St. Andrew's, Lambeth, was consecrated yesterday by the Right Rev. the Bishop of Winchester. The church is in a densely populated neighbourhood at the end of Prince's-street, Stamford-street, having its east front abutting on the streets near the Yewcut, which locality is composed principally of the poor and' working classes, for whose accommodation this beautiful church has been built by voluntary contributions, undertaken by a few noble-minded and generous persons, at the head of whom were Sir Walter Farqubar, Mr. C. J. Bevan, Mr. R. C. L. Bevan, Mr. J. Labouchere, and Mr. B. Shaw,. the trustees, through whose liberality and determined perseverance the works have been completed and are now opened for Divine service. The whole of the building has been carried out by Messrs. Riggs and Cullingford, of 59, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, under the direction of the architect, Mr. S. S. Teulon, of Craig's-court, CharingCiSo. EsCArEs FROM PnisoN.-A return printed a few days ago, on the motion of Mr. J. Greene, shows that during the last five years 75 escapes have been effected from convict prisons in England. The other escapes were from New Windsor Gaol, Ely Houso of Correction, Wisbeach House of Correction, Chester Castle, Knutsford, Helston, Derby Gaol, PlymouthGaol,Poole Gaol, Springfield (Essex) County Gaol, Colchester Gaol, Iford House of Correction, Soithampton, Hereford, the County Prison near Canterbury, Liverpool Gaol, Louth (Lincoln) House of Correction, tirs Iton-in-Lindsey House of Correction, Lincoln-castle Gaol and Lincoln City Gaol, Nevwgate Gaol, 3; Northampton F County Gaol, Peterborough Gaol, Southwel (Notts) House of Correction, Salop Gaol, Taunton Gaol, Bath Gaol, Surrey County Gaol, Hastings Gaol, Lewes Gaol, Petworth Gaol, Kendal House of Correction, Worcester County Gaol and City Gaol, York City Gaol, Hull Gaol, and Wakefield House of Correction. Several escapes were also effected from the prisons of Wales and Ireland.
HER MAJBSTY'S DRA WIYGJOO3.. The Qaeen [held a Drawing-room in St. Jamess Palae yesterday afternoon. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prin^e Consort arrived from Buckingham Palace at 10 minutes past 2 o'clock, escorted by a party of the Royal Horse Guards. His Royal Highnes3 Prince Frederick William of Prussia,. his Royal Highness tbe Duke of Cambridge, and his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar were received and were conducted to the Queen the Vice-Chamber- Her Majesty's bodyl guard of the-Hon Corps of Gentlemen at Arins was on duty in the State Saloons under the command of theLieutenant. The Sub-0fl;cers, Lieutenant. Colonels Nevill and Cooke, were on duty with the corps. The Yeomen of the Guard were commanded by Captain Parker Rickford, the Exon in Waiting. A guard of honour of the Royal Horse Guards mounted guard at the Palace. The band of the regiment wore their State uniforms. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Frederick William of Prussia and the Duke of Cambridge, entered the Throne-room, attended by the Dachess of Sutherland, Mistress of the -Robes; the Duchess of Atholl, in Waiting; the Duchess of Wellington, the Marchioness of Ely, Lady Churchill, and the Countess of Desart, Ladies of the Bedchamber; the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, -in Waiting; the Hon. FloraMacdonald, in Waiting; the Hon. J;leanor Stanley, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, the Hon. Mry Seymour, and the Hon. Beatrice Byng, Maids of Honour; Lady Charlotte Copley, Visoountess Forbes, Hon. M. George Campbell, Lady Codraigton, and the IHon. Mrs. Alexander Gordon, Women of the Bedchamiber; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; the Marquis of Breadaliane, Lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse; the Mlarquis of Aborcorn, Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness; the Earl of 3ilgrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Vis- count Drumlanrig, Controller of the Household;` Lord Rivers, Lord in Waiting; Lord George Lennox, Lord in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Lord Alfred Paget, Clerk Marshal; Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish, Groom in Waiting; Major-General Wylde, Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Lord Charles Fitzroy, Equerryin Waiting; Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness, and Messrs. Phipps and Macpherson, Pages of Honour in Waiting. The Qaeen wore a train of crimson silk, brocaded with a running pattern of crimson and silver bouquets, trimmed with crimson satin, silver blonde, and bows of crimson satin ribbaud. The petticoat was white satin, trimmed with white blonde and silver ribband. Her Majesty wore a diadem of opals and diamonds. The Knights of the Garter, the Thistle, St. Patrick, and the Knights Grand Cross of the Bath appeared in the collais of their respective orders. The Foreign Aimbassadors and Ministers were introduced, when the following presentations to the Queen took place in the diplomatic circle:- By the French Ambassador.-X le Baron de Malaret, Premier Secretaire de rAmbassade. -By the Sicilian Minister.-Le Chevalier des Dues de IRegina, Envoye Extraordinaire pres la Cour de Russie deo iS.M.S. *By the Prussian Minister.-Le Comte de Pourtalis. By. the Brazilian Minister.-Lieutenant Leitao da Cunha, Imperial Brazilian Navy. By-the United States MIinister.-Mr. F. I. Campbell, a gentleman of Texas; Mr. Buchanan Henry, a gentleman of Peansylvania. :The diplomatic circle was, attended by the French Ambassa,dor and the Countess Persigny, the Turkish Ambassadozand Madame Musurns, the Belgian Minister and adame Van de Weyer, the Bavarian Minister and Baroness de Cetto, la Comtesse Marie de Baumgarten, the Hanoverian Minister, the Sardinian Miisister, and Count Corti, Secretary of the Legation; the Greek Minister, and x. Charilaus, Tecoupi, Secretary -of the. Legation; the Netherlands: minister, the Portuguese Minister and Countess de Lavradios Pince Carini, the Sicilian Minister; Barone Bellelli and mL Ulisse Barbolani, Secretary of Legation; the Danish einister, the Prussian Minister, and Mr. de Katte, Attachd to the Legation; *H. Anit nio Gonzalez, Spanish Mtinister, aisdM. Ricardo Balez, Attace6 to the Legation; the' Swedish and Norwegian Minister; le Comte M'drner, Conseiller de Legatioen and-Baron Rudbeck, Secretary of legation; the Brazilian Minister, and the Chevalier C. S. Vienna de Lima, Secretary of Legation; the Chevalier de Almeida Portugal, Imperial Brazilian Navy; the United States Minister and Mrs. Dallas; the Austrian Minster, and Countess Apponyi, and Count Karolyi and Count Chotek, Secretaries to.the Legation; the Saxon MWinister, and Bardo de Koenneritz; the Peravian AMinister, and Madame de Rivero; the ELanse Towns Minister; leComte de Chaudordy, et le Dac de Caderoasse Gramont, Attach6s to the French Enibassy; le Marquis Calabrini, the Countess of Clarendon, and I Major-General the Hon. Sir' Edward Cust, K.C.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Cere-. monies. * The general circle was attended by the Earl of Harrowby, Viscount Palmerston, the Secretary of State of the Bome Department, the Right] Hon. Sir G. C. Lewis, the First Lord of the Admiralty, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, the Marquis of Lansdowne, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Lord Foley, the Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms, Viscount Sydney, Captain of Her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard; Field-Marshal Viscount Combermere, Gold- Stickin-,Waiting; Earl of Bessborough, Master of the Buckhounds; the Bishop of Oxford, Lord High Almoner; Lieutenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenant of.the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Axms; Colonel Sir George Couper, First Equerry and Controller of the Household of her' Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent; Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), Groom of the Bedehamber to his Royal Highness Prince Albert; Major-GeneralBouverie, Equerryto the Qneen; LieutenantColonel Howard'Vyse (Royal Horse Guards), Silver Stickin-Waiting; Major HrmIar, Standard-bearer of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Akrms; Colonel Bagot, Her Majebtyfi Assistant-Masterof the Ceremonies; CaptainLordGeorge Paulet, R.N., C.B., Aide-de-Camp to Her.Majesty; Colonel Wetherall, Aide-ae-Cauiip to the 'Queen; Colonel Napier, C.B., Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Sir Wm. Martins, Gentleman Usher to the- Sword of State; Mr. of ormanMacdanald, Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department; Mr. Cargill, Clerk of the Check, and Adjutant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen atArms; Colonel Fitzmaurice, Adjutant of the Yeomen of the Guard; Syed Abdoollah, Captain Fremantle (Coldstream' Guards), Adjutant in Brigade Waiting; Rear Admiral Courtenay Boyle, Groom of the Privy Chamber, in Wlraiting; Captain Green, Gentleman Usher to the Queen in WVaiting; MIr. Wilbraham Taylor, Gentleman Usher; Mr. Charles Heneage, Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber in Waiting; Major-GenorAl Sir Frederick Smith, K.H., Gentleman Usher to the Privy Chamber; Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, Gentleman Usher to the Queen; Dr. Lyon Playfair, C.B., Gentleman Usher to his Royal Highness Prince Albert in Waiting. The following presentations took place, the names having been previouslyleft at the Lord Chamberlain's office, and submitted for Her PNajesty's approval:- Mrs. AUen. b7Lady Itashleigh. Lady Etizabeth Axthir, on her marriage, by Lady Delamere. Airs. Aahton. on hermarriage, byLadyTheresaLewis. Lady Bagot, by Lady Dover. ,ady Barkly, by Lady .Uary Labouchlere. hlsis3Bermil, by llrs. Osborne. liss heat, by Lady 'aWa b L Aaker. Msiss hlarg.ret Beet, by Laldy WVake 'Walker. liss Isabella Beat, by Lady Wake Walker. lrs. John Biddubpll, hy2lrs. r Iian Goodenouh Hyter. -M.iss Thigh,- by the OCoutess of flaruley. rAlis. J. WA Bondx oubermarriage, byL)ady AugUSta Seymour. blrs.Brab',zon;by LadyEliiabeth Jane Wathen. ciEss lirahar0o. byher mother, MArs. llrabaxen, hi Mis Augusta Brab aron, by her mother, hlrs. Brabare.a Miss Bradford, by the Countess of Canv.ath MtiFs Emily Broadhead, by Lady fashwood. Lady Rachel Butler,ou her marriage, by the Duchess of Wellington. The Countess of Casvwath, by Viscountes Monck. Lady Carbery. oil her marriage, by Lady Denmark. * lrs. Frederick Chapman, by Ledy-Anna GureLa6gtou. lBen. Mm, Creseirell, by her mother, Lady Caltisorie. Viseonatess Curron. by Visronutess Hardinge. .Mrs. MIebert Cust. on her marriage. by the Mon. Lady Oust. Lady Delamero, by tho Duchess of Sutherland. Lady Annette de Trafford. on her marriage, by the Countess of Ha2rington. Lady Digby, by the Countess of Moun-tEdgeumbe. Miss Dod, bythe Marchioneas of Headfort. (Miss Emily Dod. by the Marehioness of Hcadfort. Lady Elizabeth Douglas, by Iady Greeneck. -Mrs, Charles Dundas, on her marriage, by her mother, Lady. XnatchbulL bl,sDusdsq, by heraunt, the Hon. Mrs. Eamsden. Lady Denman, on succeeding to her title, bythe Dowager Viscunteas5 Azhbrookr. M lrs. Valentine D. IL Cary Ilwves, on her marriage, by Lady Char- lotto Copley. 'IA&dy England. by Lady Mary Wood. Mmr:NRigent Eherard, by the Dnchess of AtholL Misz Eyerard. by Mrs. Jones, of Fantglsa. 'Mrs Fairbohme, by the Marchioness of E-y. Lady Augusta uienes, on her marriage, by the Countess of Dlarnley. - Lady Lonis, Fnch, by her-mister. Lady Clthorpe. Mliss Cbarlotte Finch. by her mother, Lady Louisa Finch. Lady Camihla Fortescue, by Lady Catherie Allen, hMm. Ieury H. Gibbs, byhe aunt, the Hon. Mrs. MaunselL - BaronesaGirsewald, by the Marchioness of Ely. - lady Gomm,on ber return from India, by th Duche3s of Argyll. 3MErs. Gordon,by the Hon. Ams. Alexander Gordon. Mis. Grnt, nee Baronne de Wener, by the Duchess of Sutherland.. Miss Emily Graham, by the Ducless. of Marlborough. hEss C,rifiths. by Mc. 31usgrafe. Mm. Darby Grifith, on her marriage, by Lady John Somerset. 'hlrs. John Henry Gurney, by tbe on.. Mr. Cresswell. Mrs. Alfred Hamilton. by the Duchess of Hamilton. The Hon. Louisa Bateman Haubury, by her mother, Dowager L:dy Bateman. Visconntes Harburton, by Lady Waterpark. - Lady Lsmbin Hardince, on her marriage, by Vi-countese Hardinge. llis Hayes, by Lady Hayes. h5isg Rayne, by Lady (Belford) Wilson. Lady Emily Hesketh. by the ounrtces of Beauchamp iss Heakceth, by lady Emiy Hesketh. m, Alfred Huysbe, byL ady Gomm. liss Clara Jekyul. by Lady lealrymple. liss El'izabeth Jekyll, by Ldyf Dalrymple. Ms-s. Jernoi3, by her sister, Mrm, Laffan. Mr Kendall. byher sister. Lady Iutshleigh. Alm 'Edward Kinersly. by the Duchess of Sutherland. lrs. Larking, by Lady Marluan AfoaL ITiss Larking, by her mother. Mrs. larling. - Ron.-Mrs.--Maodonaid,-on her marriage, by the CODDte. grfXotm0 - 74ger.umbe. lmn Edmind Marriott, on her marriage by y Pollem hlia Georgina Mar ha, by her sister, Mn. Richard Quin. Alrl. Frederick Maude, by the Machionew of Ely. Miss Bonnor Maurice, by hermother, MnL lonnor Manies, 51i C:onstable MaxwelL byber mother, Mm Consable MaxwelL Mrs. Jobh Melklaim (of Duloch) byVisomuntega Moock. MKi,a 5eilam .by ber motber, Mrs. John Melklam. Lady AlSlner, by Selina Viscountess Mton. Mrs. Jbhn Moinsol. by Mrs. Colonel Faddy. .3aa 3iontrlor, by the Countess of Guiidford. lss Morgan, by Lady Morgan. Mliss E atbarine Nicholl, by the Countess of MountfE,mbe. Mdiss FllRser by her siserbrs. Fairbo me. Lady Paxton. by the Duchess oJ Sutherland. bliss Pasxton, by Lady Paxton. Eon. Esther Pomeroy, by her mother, Viscountess HarbertNL lady Isabella Proby, by the Duchems of AtholL Lady Theodoela P-oly, by tie Duchess of &tholl rdisC Pryee, by her sister. Mr. b La. Miss CLara Pusey, by Iiseounters Someteon r IdadaIme de Aor eida Portugal, by the Counte.s Of Clrenden, Sirs. Pavey, by irs. George Smith. Air is. Dauny PaSey,aby by erCuther s Pavey. liss RenntnSmon, byher mother, Wirs George . ansden ofRobe SIrs. George RSenie, on her returnb irom the Fnld Island, bJ the ounrehsoners of ElL. ,hrs. Chaores Sping Rice, on her marriage. by Iady Monteagle Miss Stewart l:card.ou, byIady Stewart Richardson. Mliss Elizabeth J. Richardson, by Lady Stedart Richard.on. Uirs. George Ro.ley, by hady Deiantreo. Sirs. Stuart Kaeith Ber, bym rs. Georbe Smith. Mrs. Dancombc Shafto, by Countess Vane. Mfrs. Robert Smart. by L ahy Wage WalAker. Sirs. Aubrey Spcecer, by Lady ChurchilL, -Viscountess Somerteu, by Lbdy Dover. The fon. \irs. Fradies Stoner. OD hermariage, by Lady Camoys. liss Emuma Sykes. by r ady Sykes. biss5 Laura Tempest by Lady Anette de Tmifford. Aliss To ver. by her mother. Lay Sophia Tovwer. MIrs. Towaoo'a, by lrs. menry Addington Lady -arryVane, on her marringe, by the Duchess of AtholLw Lady Weruleyds1eo byrthe.Duchess of Sutherland. Lady Isabella Whitbread, on her marriage, by the Countess of Mkrs. WlhitgFreave. byLadyCalthorpe. Mrst. Wisitby. on her marriage, by Lady Caitborpe. Hon. Ir s. Rtowland Winn, hY Viecouutesa EForbes MIrs. Wollastonl-Shenton, by-tbe Countess Dowager of Gla3sow. M DIrs. Wright, b.y her mother, the Countess of l.radfordL ThefolloALmg Ladies also atteMded the Drawing Room:DJcmESzS.-Stanlborough. LoucmoFrtsas.-Hela ifort, a tr,Ereter, Breodalbane, Calabrinl om.usAsrsuho-arOington, Davrley, Dowager Glasgowr, Brndford, Esnex,>BencSeboop, ClonmeLd MmichaOUnErSC.-Herdinge, MonC', Selhna n ilteo , Dow,ager Ashbrook. RicohrdsBea-uontl. LAnIrx.-Charlotte l\aria Lefroy, Emily Le froy. Jane HIay, C UDOys, WakeWalker,HFoley, aterpdrk,gn tock, Vrederic Smith. Wheresa Tewns, Coaper,Dover, Sykes, SIransReeve, AugMsta Seymour, Diana PSkington, Dowager Moatemas , JeGkinsoiL, Catlerine xallen, C Forgan, Belford Wilson, Margaret Stanlonald, Sophia Towver. H ayes, Becher, Selina Vernon, Beihaven, Greenock, John Somerset, Matheson, Calthorpe, Jontesgle, Locy- antidgensan, L a Gore LIsngton, Doa Hger Honydoor, E. JSne Wathen, Pollene Adeda CaPe, Geraed, Stewart Dichardson, Dalrymple. De y.lsle Dudley, Dashulood enBreigh, Godenich, MEatxwell, George Qain, Cnbit. Cochrnan, Edward Tann UotcomuscnasEs.-Lady Curt, Miss Waldesraves M,Re ea,Odenl Louisa Potrtas, E:lla Portman, M rs. George llolland, olasTwiatletonCanning. Mrbulrns.ilvrtop, t ls Fasehr o}ILovat. .iss Cholmonde.ey hfys. Richard Cavendish, Mrs. C. Granthama Scott, Lady Siosty, Mrs. Richard Beaumont. Mcnr3sr3.-Plenmv Addlngton, Hforaman, Vernon Smith, Walter. neorge Rameden lof Hore-island), woke, ralbot Clifton, aenrys Smith, P.ichardson, Moleswo-rtb, GDeraSrd G°oulld, Frank Chtaplin, Forxer (of E rayeeld), Fial Richard Quin. Henry dUttOn. lKay, Edgar towning, Jones of Pathglas, Lynedoch Gardiner. dmund Hwammond, Martin Smirth, Pograve, Colonel Fhaddy, B trvouhes, Grattan. B. R.Benaon. Hlenr Hilpjiiley, WYilliam Franks. HEenry Hopwvood, Coustable Maxwel., Bonuor Edmucle, , *sbomAe. iLSSES.-Couper, louther,Elizabeth Sykes Pusey, EmmaaReeve DIHomsey, aryn ,Dn, DuSton, Florence Westt, Wes, Reeve. Ogle HCunt, Augusta SyuLa r, Henesge, Arbuthnt, Eles Mai,sand, oaitland, WigsTman, Cuzon, ouisa Smith, ELizabeth Siath, Ashoon lates, Hraed, Emily Percival, Grattln. Mary GratCa., BrigAtocke, MontOresor, XnaSohbulL ,Amoeng the gentlemenL present wvere-the Mi1arquis of Exeter, Earl of laddington, the eight Hon. th, U. A lddington, Sir 3Irs Mathe30n, Major-General Sir W. Senvick Whilliatms, Lod Portmyana, Lord ECelliaven the Hon. John. Duncan Bligh, Sir Edmund Hayes, iP., Emr. 0sborne, Sti., Mur. Walter, y w.P, Miarquis of Hieadfort, lord Joe ILIsdle and Dudley, Sir William CHbitt, the Hon. Richard Cavendish, Lord Harry Vane, Slr Charles Morgan, Colonel K emeys Tynte, IL? ., Sir John Ramsden, Lord Calthorye, Sir. do Horsey, eajor-General Wgmer, C.B., Sir William Berkeley Call, the Hon. Colonel I.owther, Mr. Charles Lane, Sir Pyer3 Mostyn, Sir W. r. Guoer, Mr. Samuel Whitbread, Sir Henry Rakldy, :EC.B., Mr. EDdgar JowniRlg, the Earl of Daraley, Lor. G. e. H. Vernon, is ., Rear. Admiral Sir Jons Ross, C.B., Jr. lEdmend Hammond, SirCoutOenaylHonywood, Sir FrederickAthur, Sir John Stewart P,ichardion, Mr. Valentine Dutdley Cary Elotes, Lrd edward T'hynne, Sir Belford Hinton Wilson, E.C.B., Lord Carboa-y, Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Colman Rashleigh, Sir George Jenhinsoin, gajor General Sir Richard England, G.C.B., GIlr. J. W. Biond, LP., Mr. George llnnie, Sir Humphrey do Traffora, Lord Greenock-, Viscount Somerton, Sir Henry Vavasoor, Sir John Pollen, Lieultenanteolonel Ouseloy Higgins, MY., Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane, hir. Whitgreave, together w ith numerous others. The Queen and Prince Albert returned to Bnckcingham Palace after the Drawing-room, attended by the Ladies and Gentlemen in Whitingr.
COURT CIRCULAR. .- *O Her Majesty and the Prince Consort, accompanied by the Princess Iloyal and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, alter the Drawing-rooma drove out in an open carriage and four. The Lquerries in Waiting attended on horseback. In the evening Her 3iajesty had a dinner party, which included her Royal I ighness the Duchess of KenIt, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, his Royal Higness EPrince Frederick WVilliam of Prussia, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Lord Chancellor (Lord Cranworth), the Marquis and Marchioness of Kildare, the Earl and Countess of t:larendon, Viscount and Viscoantess Hardinge, Lord G-eorge Lennox, l,ady Anna Maria Dawson, Baroness de Spaeth, Sir George Couper, Major-General Sir Coln Camphell, Baron :Moltike, Lieutenant de Schreck;enstein, and Dr. Wa,,ner. The Band of the Coldstroam Guardsvwas in attendance, and played during dinnei the following pieces:- Overture, `Gustave" .. .. Aubr. Quadndle "Bonnie Dundee" (ScotchMelodies).. D'Albert. Grand Selection " Favorita .. .. .. Donizetti. Mlarch*. -The Return of the Guards' *- * . Giodfrey. Her Majesty's private band afterwards performed in the p.'lace the following compositions Overture, 'VEnfant Prodipie" . .iber. Selectiou, "Coi fan Tatti". . Mozart. Polona,e. " F9amst *" .. .. . .. . 10r to,R.igoletto. .. . tarch .* .. - .. .. .. ..Beethoven. A deputation, consisting of Sir J. Walmsley, Mr. John Ellis, Mxr.Whetstone, and Mr. R. Mitchell, had an interview with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie yesterday at the office of the Poor Law Board,on the subject of the clauses relating to extraparochial places in the Poor Law Aimendment Bill.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMUES. Sir,-In your Paris news in The Tinms of the 12th inst., mention is made of "a new cane planttermed "Sorgho,"' to which great qualities are attributed, and to which public attention is now largely directed in Fiance! W'ith nil respect, I beg to say that there are some inaccuracies in that notice, which induce me to offer you a brief and more correct statement regarding that most important plant. The so-called " Sorgho " is in reality the Holcus Saccharatus of Linnumns, identical in every essential, point with the Zolu-Caffre " Imphee," which Liannus has so weU 'classed and so minutely described. The Chinese variety of this plant has been mentioned by Mr. Fortune in his highly esteemed work on China, and in 1844 Captain Swinborn imported into England several seedheads of the same plant, one of whieh is now in my posses sion; but in 1852 'the Geographical Society of France received from Monsieur de Montigny, Consul-General at Shanghai, a parcel of thesoe valuable seeds, which, with characteristic sagacity, were immediately distributed to the most distinguished agriculturists and agricultura' societies of France, and by them brought into cultivation so 'as to occupy the prominent positionnow attained. Blt far more valuable still are the Zuln-Kafir imphees, of which I have 15 different varieties that I collected in Caffreland, cultivated and carefuly studied for a long time, manufactured into sugar, and, finaUy, imported into Europe in the beginning of 1854. - These imphees vary in time of growth from 75 days up to 130 days, tho most precocious taking ouly from 75 to 90 days to arrive at perfect maturity; others, again, 90 to 100 days, and so on, 'up to the gigantic "vim-bis-chu-a-pa,' which takes 130 days, and reaches a height of 15 feet. On the other band, the Chinese imphee requires, even in the luxuriant soil and climate of Algeria, 150 days to complete its maturity; at the same time, being more woody in its stalk and less full of juice than the Caffre varieties, it must be at once evident to every mind that the simple difference between 90 days and 150 days in the growth of a plant requiring the hot sun of summer must of itself decide Ihe relative importance of the two for European culture. From this cause it is principally that the great efforts made by the French chymists and agriculturists to obtain crystallized sugar fronm the juice of the Chinese variety havy hitherto so signally failed, and that they are obliged to con 'vert its juice into alcohol instead ! Perfect maturity and a peculiar process of manufacture (which I have patented in many countries), insure the most complete crystallization of the concentrated juice, and the sugar resulting cannot be discemed from rea cane sugar of tbe colomnes, to which it is equal in every respect. The imphee yields from one to two and a-half tons of sugar per acre, according to the quality of soil and the chamaeter of the clinate and season, besides molasses and grain tf excellent quality; and, moreover, in some departments of France, the most precocious varieties yield two crops in the sear from the same sowing. As your Pariscorrespondent very trly says, the grain fur. nishesa good flourfor breadmaking, and the greenplantitself fwms themust grateful and nourishing fodder for cattle which any one can desire, while its rapidity of growth (being at the rate of about 12 inches a-week) is really something marvellous. I have for a long time been lah4uring to introduce this culture and manufacture into F;rance, and have now a considerable amount of cultivation in four departments of the south, which fortunately has not been very extensively injured by the recent inundations. Official information has just been received from Guadaloupe, showing that the imphee introduced by nre into that island has yielded four fuil crops in use year from the same sowing. You can well appreciate the importance to our ' colonies of this most interesiting fact. i~~~~~ Vn,,rl nbadiet eRvant. E. WREA-Y. PFAis, June 20,
SOUND DUES. HOUSE oF OPOMMANtn The eommittee met Jesterday, in Room, N7o. 17. Mr.! V REss in the chair. Mr. Peaon was calld, to spelk s to the operation of the Sound dues. e said, he Ws a partner in a mercjntil'e house carying on bninea in London and HUll, and -ex ported goods to the Baltic. The Sound was very uxrro- and the navigation most intricate, and these difficulties were greatly increased by the detention at Elsinore, where the' dues were collected The detention was the cause of much. danger and inconvenience, owing to the frequently crowdea state of the iads Vessels arriving after clearing time,! which varied from 6 to 9 o'elock in the summer months, and8 to 6 o'cloclc in winter, were obhged to remain all night, and even when they arrived in the day time, the weatlier was sometimes too-rough for the captain to land with hii papers. Ships waiting for clearance were compelled§to anchor in the Roads, and frequently lost anchors and cables which could not be recovered at a less expense than 100t. The shortest time in which it was possible to clear a vessel. would be about an hour, but it was generally much longer. often 2 hours. There was an additional charge for clearing vessels on Sundays. The ships' bills of ladingwereimplicitly relied on by the Danish Government, and no dispute ever arose upon tbem. As to the amount of the dues, assuming a vessel of 200 tons to leave England for St.- Petersburg with a cargo of 100 tons of cotton, the daes would be about 25s. a-ton, and about 8l. on the ship, maling 1331.; and, supposing her to bring bacl a cargo of. 180 tons of flax (the dlues upon which would be 7s. a-ton),. the dues would amount in this case to 68s., inclnding the 8r. on the ship. Durig the past year two other routes to. the Baltic had been opened: one by the Tonning and Flensburg Railway, and another by sniaIl steamers vi& Gottenburg. These placed the 'shipowner who had to pass through the Sound, and consequently to pay the dues, at. a great disadvantage. Coils were exempt from the dues.- but not machinery. The total expense on aship of 200 tons might be taken at 1Z. per ton. This would include theSound dues paid by ship, light dues, wages of crew, and every other expense of the voyage to St. Petersburg, and a. fair profit to the shipowner would be 2001. If the Anericau shlips and cargoes were to be exempt from dues, while otheis had to pay them, the result woula be to throw the whole carrying trade into the hands of the Americans. By Mr. BRAmLxs M1ooRB.-He was aware that an American shiphadlast week attemptedtopass the Sound v,ithout payig the dues, hut was stopped and afterwards paid them under protest. If that ship had forced the Sound, she could not have discharged her cargo at any Rusia port without producing a certificate of having paid the dues. Mr. Thompson, merchant and shipowner of Hull, sid, h- was well acquainted with the Baltic trade, and could con.- firm the evidence of the last witness as to the inconvenience and danger attending the collection of the Sound dues. The& expense ultimately fell on the consunier, but he did- not think that the 72,0001., the amount returned by the Danish Government as paid by British ships, represented theinjurg done to trade by these dues; for much of the Baltic producc was imported into this country in foreign vessels. There was no doubt that the British carrying trade in the Baltic was declinig, owing to various causes; but he (witness) did, not intend to represent that this was the case in otherquarters, as he believed the shipping interest was at the present moment in a satisfactory condition. He had heard of the proposal made by the Danish Government for the abolition of the Sound dues, and he did mot consider the terms unfair. Mlr. Clarke said, he had been an underwriter at Hull-for the last 40 years, aud had been in the habit of insuing vessels trading to the Baltic. The detention at Elsinore very much increased the risk, and this was considered in the premium demanded. Witness handed in a list showing a mumber of cases of casualties which had occuired to -easels i,n the Sound, owring to the detention mentioned. The ave. rage time the vessels were detained was a day; he knew. a- vessel which had been kept out three months. There was a, strong desire expressed by all parties trading to the Baltic for the abolition of the Sound dues. The committee then adjourned until Tuesday next L o'clock.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The thorougifare through the Tower, So long en-, joyed by pedestrians journeying from Wapping to the city, and vice 2rcrsl, was elesed daing thelate warin consequence of the passenger trafic along the wharf impeding the vast shipments thea going forward. Now, however, that peace. is restored, why ehould the boon (for such it is) ebstilt withheld, and a person whose iDlaeo of business is in th6 neighbourhood of Wapping be compelled to take a circuitous ronte of great length for the purpose perhaps of merely passing an entry at the Custom-house? -: Yotir insertion of this letter may awaken the authorities to the imoportance of what they possiblyimagineto be a matter Of no moment. I sn. Sir. sour n ost ba1wdi,,t ~p~suorvn{ ROBERT IMO1U3JSOT. Cooperage, Redmead-lane, June 20.
FATAT, BOAT AccrDmar Two lads named Ridge, and Austin, aged respectively 18 and 14, the sons of respectable parents, were drowned in the E=xeter Canal on Moriday under melanch'oly circumstances. The poor lads: had come home from school to spend the vacation with. their friends, and on Monday forenoon they determined OnL enjoying a short aquatic excursion. They had not proceeded far down the canal before they found it necessaryto changepositionsin the boat; and, whiledoingso, the craft, which was light and narrow, lurched on one side,; and precipitated Austio into the water. Young Ridge, in attempting to save his companion, also fell in, and they were both drowned. A young woman who was near saw the accident, but she said she was so frightened that she could not give an alarm. If she had been able to do so, the probability is that the poor lads woould have been saved.' JEP.rsAimm DIooEsAw FsxeD.-Yesterday the: annual meeting of the friends and subscribers to this fund. was held in St Martin's-hall, Long-acre, the Earl of Shaftes. bury presiding. A considerable number of the audience, which was not large, were ladies; and among the gentlemen on'the platform were the Earl of Chichester, Bishop Gobat (the Anglican Bishop in Jerusalem), Bishop Carr, Sir Thomas Acland, MiP.; Mr. J. W. Strachan, the Rev. W. Champneys, the Rev. Dr. M'Caul, and several other clergymen. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, sought to impress on the meeting the absolute necessity at the present time of establishing in the Holy City a form of worship,' p re, simple, and evangelical, accorcdingto the doctrines and discipline of the church of England, and untainted by any form of idolatry or materialism. At this iomenf' he added, it seemed as if the East was to be the scene of great operations in diffusing the truths of Christianity - and, as if the great conflict on religious matters which hiad so long raged in the West was to be takien back to the region in which Christianity first drew its breath, and there to be decided on the holy ground of Palest'ne itself. He concluded by an earnest appeal to themeeting for suppor' of the Diocesan Fund. The Secretary read thle report for thie last year, which adverted to the serious loss sustained by the' fund by the failure of Strahan and Paul, the bankers, and to the fact of that loss having been since made up by the literality of the subscribers. The years income amounted to 1,9l51. odd, which exceeded that of the preceding year by upwards of 440l. The bishop had furnished the managing committee with a detailed statement of his expenditure upon various objects contesoplatedini the inshtittion of the fund, from which it appeared that the whole of his disbursements on the diocesan school sat Jerusalem, schools at various out-stations, the employment of scripture readers, the temporary relief of persons suffering nuder persecutions, and on several other objects conenected withhis work of evangelization, amounted tonearly 1,8501., of which only part was taken from the fand., the remainder being sup plied by friends in various parts. of the world, and from the bishop's private resources. The report also congratulated the meeting onthe fact that, siucethe close of the war, politically Mahomedanism, Christianity, . -and Judaism, had been placed upon an equality ; and that now, after an interval of more than 1,20D years, the Christian was free to speakl of his religion to the Mahomedan, and the latter to hear. Already there were indications that ere long this proclamation of absolute toleration would' be followed by great changes in the religious aspect of the East, and the committee looked forward to the happiest results in that part of the world from the diffusion of the Scripturres and the preaching of the Gospel, which they hoped would be consequent upon the legal protection now guaranteed to the missionaries. The Anglican Bishop of Jerusalem then entered into an interesting statement of the circumstances and results of his mission in Palestine. H1 spoke of the destitute condition of the Jews there gene. rally, the majority of whom during the last three years had. suffered from the want of necessary food, and adverted to the success which had attended the efforts of the mission to diffuse the New Testament among that class of the popmlation,-in spite of the determined opposition of theRabbis and priests. Besides the Jews wio had been converted to Christianity there were numbers of the same persuasion in the habit of reading the New Testament, although they had not yet received it by faith. He denied the statement occasionally made, that the Jewish proselytes generally retuned to their original faith, but admitted that with a great arumber of them there was littlo spontaneity of life or action. He had established schools at Bethlehem, Nablous, Nazareth, and seviral other places, in which 300 children were being taught, about 60 of whonm were children of unconverted Jews, 50 of Mablomedans, and the rest were those of Christians, inclading Protestants, Greeks, and Latins. The rev, prelate then related the comparative success of his mission in Abyssinia, which he regarded as the door for the introduction of the Gospel into the interior of Africa, audits favourable reception by the Ring, who had reently abolished the slaRve trawde in his dommnions. On the motion of the Earl of Chichestsr, seconded by the Pe. Dr. hrPcaul a resohi tion was nasnimonaly adopted, cordially welcoming tho Anglican bishop in Jercsalem to this country, expressing the deep sympathy of the meeting in the 'worl; in which he was engaged for ex;tending the knowvledge of s,cripturl trqtl in the vast region of his episcopate, and its desire to asisit him by increased means in the prosecution of his 13bours. Another resolution ws also agreed to, on the motion of lfr* J. W. Strachan, seconded by the Rev. W. Champneys~ adverting to the proclamation by the Porte of general xeli. gious toleration wthin the Turmish dominions, and statinrF the opinion of the meeting that the most effectua1 sieans o diffnsing the Gospel among the ms-ions races in the East wiould be by presenting to them the exhibition of a pure Chbnstianity in the doctrine and discipline of the Engai~ P'rotestant Church. T he meeting was a6 brie'dy addrse by Bishop Carr, Sir Thomas Aclaud, MY., and the Rev.'JBowen. lately a missionary at Nablous.- AIOTHCAXIES HAIL.-The folwinOg are the n-Ames of the gentlemen who Vassed their exaination i.w the acience and practice of medicine, and received ee*-ifi. cates to practise, OL Thursday, the 19h f June .-oha George Wlnitehead, Whitehaven, CorneliusBenon Sncl. Ziug, Birmingham; Charles GaiThey, Buntingford, Hertc'; lartin Shelton Conches-, Woodinanton, Worceeter. 'Wil hiam Carr, Gouersls3, Leeds; 'William Orange, Torquy' Dcvonshiro, WiamAlfi:e.Skeinner, B&t ' ia
VICE-CHANICELLOR'S COTrIP .TrTx on (ITEER V. VAUX. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) ITis nart-heard case was resumed. The question was one letlweea mortgagor and mortgagee, and was in some respects of a novel kind. The short facts may be stated thus :-The plaintiff was the transferee from one Geach of a mortgage lor securing a sum of money and interest from the original 3mortgagor, who had previously created a mortgage to one Goude, or the seame estate, and which latter mortgage contained the usual power of sale, in case of default being made in payment of the money thereby secured. The morte to Geach wasmade expresslysubject to thisfirstmortgage,whicl was recited in the deed to Geach, but the fact of the first mortgage containing a power of sale was not noticed or re,ferred to. Among other usual covenants in the deed was a covenant by the mortgagor for title free from encumbrances, " except as appears by these presents," and a covenant for further assurance by the mortgagor and all persons claiming through him. The first mortgagee exercised his power of sale-sold the estate to a purchaser from whom the mortgagor afterwards bought it, the purchase-money being insufficient to pay what was due to the first mortgagee on his security. The mortgagor, having thus got possession of the estate, agai mortgaged it to a Mr. Mfostyn. It was admiitted on the one hand that the exercise of the power of sale and the subpurchase by the mortgagor were perfectly bone fide, and on the other that M3r. Mostyn had full notice of the mortgage to Geach. The question was whether the plaintiff, as the transferee of that mortgage,was entitledto call for a conveyance of the legal estate, and for the settlement of that question the plaintiff filed his bill. Mr. W. M. J.ures and Mr. GIFFARD contended that the claim camevwithinthe principle of the well known case of "Toulmin v. Steere," M Merivale, except that the case now tefore the Court was even stronger, the estate having come into the poesession of the mortgagor himself, by whoih the contract with Geach was actually created. It was not immaterial that no mention was made in Geach's mortgage of the power of sale; and that mortgae being taken subject only to the mortgage debt primarily secured on the estate, and that mortgage-debt having been got rid of by a transaction which was, in fact, equivalent to a payment by the mortgagor, the mortgage to Geach become the first charge on the estate, and the mortgagor under his covenant for further assurance was bound (and the persons claiming through him were equally bound) to clothe the plaintiff with the legal estate. Thdependently of which the mortgagor was, in fact, in possession at the time of the sale and conveyance, and was therefore in law a mere tenantat-will to the second mort'gagee as well as the first, and was estopped from taking any conveyance, except for the benefit of his mortgagee. Mfr. ROLT, Mr. t. H IAVIS, Mr. ASSPILETT, and Mr C. 31. RobEELL argued the case for the several defendants, and contended that the power of sale having been exercised with perfect good faith, the mortgagor was entitled to hold the estate freed from the mortgage to Geach, and to deal with it as he pleased. If the plaintiff's claim were to succeed it would in fact be converting a covenant for further assuranice into a covenant for further security. Geach had contracted for a mortga-'e on the estate, subject to Goudes prior charge, which tie estate turned out insufficient to pay, and if he were now to be held entitled (or the pLaintiff through him) to the relief sought, he would, in fact, be obtainin,gmoro than his contract. Supposing there had been a surplus after paying Goude's mortgage, could itbe contended that the plaintiff fwould have had alien on the estate andonthesurplus? Yet this must be the result of a decision in his favour; and, if so decided, there was no reason why the same relief shouldnot be claimed in a case where the estate, having been sold to a purchaser under a power of sale, had ultimately, after a length of time, come back to the mortgagor, having in the interval passed through a variety of hands. Mr. Ju aS was beard in reply. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that he was glad it was not necessary forhimto decide the case on the narrow ground of the power of sale contained in the mortgage to Goudo not being actually mentioned in the mortgage to Geach. The power of sale was one of the modes of enforcing rayment of the debt, which was now ordinarily inserted in mortgage deeds, and any one taking subject to an encumbrance created by deed must be considered as having notice of the contents of that deed, and therefore of the power of sale. The broad view of this case was, what would be the law if the mortgagorhad simply paid off the money? In such a- case it was agreed, on all hands, that the effect of the payment would be to set up the second mortgage, and notto enablethemortgagorto set up the anterior charge against it. The mortgagor discharged his own debt, and thereby gave to the second mortgagee the benefit of the estate. Then what was the difference between such a payment and the case which was now before the Court? His Honour said he could see none in substance. The mortgagor could not be allowed to set up such a transaction against his own act; and it was analogous to the well established rule that a mortgagor could not, by procuring an assignment of a debt to a trustee for himself, set up such assignment agailst a subsequent encumbrancer. Then, it had been said that in a case where the estate produced a surplus a mortgagee in the position of the plaintiff would, in fact, be getting a lien both on the surplus and the estate. The answer to that had been givenby Mr. James in reply. The mortgagor would hiave the full benefit of the surplus to such an extent as it would go towards paying the debt of the second mortgagee, whose charge on the estate would be, not for his whole debt, but only for sucli part as the surplus was insufficient to discharge. As to the case which had been put of an estate coming back to the mortgagor after passing in the meantime through several purchases, it was not necessary to enter into any question involving such a dihicuity. The sound view of the case before the Court was that the estate in the hands of the mortgagor was liable to the claim made by the plaintiff, and there must be a decree for a conveyance of the legal estate and for a rere-ira - in theu me,tnt.ime
r)OTrkT OFP OrFrT.N'S R1;.X.rr T-- on (Sittings in Banco, after Term, before AMr. Justice WiGHT- 3SAN, 3ri: Justice EP.LE, and M5r. Justice CsoMPTroN.) The Court was occupied this day with the discussion of several technical questions of no general interest. CAMTESL V. H5AYNES. This was an action against an attorney (Robert Haynes) for misrepresenting the value of property on which the plaintiff had advanced money. The case came before the Court on the 6th inst. on a demurrer to a plea of usury, when the Court took time to consider their decision. MIr. K-tSE, for the defendant, now stated that the judgment of the Court would not be required, as the defendant had agreed to do what the plaintiif demanded, and to pay the costs as between attorney and client. Mr. Justice EP.L.-That is most satisfactory. (Sittings at iYisi Pri us, at Westminster, before Lord CAur- BELL and a Special Jury.) ENGLAUND AND HODGES V. WVEBER. The Attorney-General, Mr. Hoggins, and Mr. Lush were counsel for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Wilde and Mr. Blackburne for the defendant. This was an action to recover damages for a libel which had been contained in a letter written by the defendant to the owners of a vessel canled the Christina Allena. The defence was, that the letter was a privileged communication, and that the statements in the letter were trne. The plaintiffs are consuls for various foreign Powers and are resident at Ramgsate, where they also act as ship agents. The defendant is a consul for the Netherlands, and is also residentat Ramnsgate. The ship in ouestionput into Ramsgate for repair. The necessary repairs were done under the directions of the plaintiffs, accordinar to a survey. The bill for the repairs wras sent to the defendant to sign. The defendant signed the bill, but wrote a letter to the owners of the vessel stting that too much had been char,ed and recommending them not to pay the plaintiffs' bill. 'Thiis was the libel complained of. For the defendant it was first submitted that this was a privileged communication, and that the plaintiffs should be nonsuited. Lord CnvmxrLL said, in his opinion it was not a privile'ed communication. 'Witnesses were then called who stated that too large a sum was charged. From the correspondence which was read it appeared that the defendant had written to the o'a-ners of the vessel at Amsterdanm, as soon as she put into Rainsgate, soliciting theiu orders to perform the repairs, and that the owners had answered that they should have been most happy to employ him had they not previously been communicated with by the plaintiffs by telegraph. It was clear that these parties were rival agents at Ramsgate. The defendant ha d been originally clerk to the plaintiff's father. The plaintiff and the defendant had not spoken for two years. Lord CNisPrBELL left it to the jury to say whether or not the defendant acted with good faith in writing the letter in question. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs-Damages, GRAILAI V. MATRON. Sir F. Thesiger and Mr. T. Jones were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edwin James for the defendant. Sir F. THFSriraoR stated that this was an action brought to recover damages for an assault. He was bound to say that great irritation had been produced upon the mind of the defendant by a letter which had been written bythe plaintiff to a third person. It had not been intended that the contents of that letter should be known to the defendant-this hadledtoavery violent and mostimproperassault. The defendant could not justify the course he had adopted. It had been aranged that the plaintiff should have a verdict for 501. Mr. JAMES said, this letter had never beenintended to be made known to the defendant. It had been entnisted to a gentleman who had ill-advisedly allowed its contents to be made public. The verdict was then entered for the plaintiffDamages, 50!. CAREW V. DAVIS. This action was referred. LEE V. ROWLEy. Mr. M. Chambers and Mr. Hawkins -were counsel for the plaintiff, and ;Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Lush for the defendant. This wgs an action brought against t'he sheriff of Hiun- fingdonshire for having put an execution into the house of a person after notice that he had committed an act of bank. ruptcy. The execution had been put in at the instance of the London and CountyBank. It was arranned that the whole of the facts, which were admitted, shouad.be put into a special case, and the question of law under the Bankruptcy Act should be left for the i opinion of the Coust.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. WysTmI1,ssrE .TT'v. 9L ,XEANE V. THE SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY iOMPA9NY. (SiUWngs at .i,.i Prius, before Jfr. Justice WILLuS and .Snprina .Turip-t-I axr. v-xauey and £lir. ILussell appearea tor the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Byles and M-. Petersdorff were counsel for the defendants. On the 14th of February last the plaintiff, a sailor boy, was proceeding with a number of other lads by the North Kent Railway to join his ship at Chatharn. Soon after the train, in one of the carriages of which they were travelling had entered the Higham Tunnel, which lies between Gravesend and Stroud on that lne, the plaintiff, who was leaning against the door of the compartment occupied by himself and these boys, disappeared, and was subsequently, on search being made for him, met proceeding towards the spot of light which deaoted to him the end of the tunnel in a confused and bewildered state, and a good deal cut and bruised, bult, considering the circumstances, most marvellously free from injulry. Ele was taken to the hosnital, where he remained for some time, but eventually he was able to resume his duties, first of all aboard the Waterloo, and then aboard the Formidable, where he remains. He now sought to recover damages for the injuries which he had sustained by, as was alleged, the carelessuess of the servants of the South-Eastern Railway Company, the proprietors of the North Kent Railway, in leaving the doot of the carriage in so insecure a state as that on pressure havin,g been a~phed to it it 'dew open and occasioned the fall of the plamntiff, who now deposed that he still felt the effects of the accident, and that he had difficulty in going aloft and performning other dulties incidental to his position. For the defendants itwas conteudedthatthe door of the carriage was securely latched, that the handle was turned quite " home," and that the plaintiff or some of his comrades must have meddled with it, and rendered it unsafe. But a curious fact transpired which had evidently great weight with the jury, viz.-that, although all the other carriages composing the train were locked, thi identical one had remained, or, at. al events, was found to be unlocked. Evidence was also given to show that the plaintiff had eta"-- gerated the extent of the injuries which he had sustained, and the "' ship's corporal," the schoolmaster, and other officials under whose care he had been since the occurrence, unanimously gave it as their opinion that he was a sha clever, active, and well-behaved lad, that he never was giddy, or confused, or stupid, but, on the contrary, was extremely apt and smart. Mr. Justice WIVraLs summecd up the evidence on both sides with great care, and directed the jury to consider whether the injuries complained of were occasioned by the carelessness of the company whoUy, or in part, and whether the plaintiff, by leaning against the door of the carriage, was guilty of negligence himself, and so contributed to the accicent. The jury, after a short consultation, found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 50l. COMBE V. L.E2L Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Aspland were for the plaintiff; and Mr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. Manisty for the defendant. This was an action brought against the defendant for a nuisance, which arose, as was alleged, from a dep6t for coals at Highhury. A settlement was eventually arrangedby consent of both parties.
OCATMIP t VVC'RY3vflT=D rv on JONES V. POWVELL. (Before the Oini=r BARoN aa(l a Snecial bi.hr'-v Mr. JEvans and Mlr. Bowen were counsel for the plaintiff; Mlr. Edwin James and Mr. Prentice appeared for the d2fendant. f This was an interpleader issue to try whether the sum o 1701., the amount of the stakes run for in March, 1855, at the Cariarthenshire Steeplechase, was the property of the plaintiff or the defendant. The plaintiff was an attorney, residing at Carmarthen, and the defendant was a gentleman of private fortune, residing in the immediate neighbourhood, and kept a pack of foxhounds. Both parties ran horses at the steeplechase. The plaintiff's horse was objected to before the horses started for the race, on the ground that it was wrongly described. However, it ran and won the race. Defendant's horse being second, both parties claimed the stakes, and the stewards, under these circumstances, declined paying either of them. Alter action brought the money was paid into court. Two witnesses were caled on the part of the plaintiff, one of whom was the plaintiff himself. Upon crossexamination the case broke down. Some extremely unpleasant disclosures were made, which called forth some very severe remarks from the Chief Baron, who recommended the plaintiffs counsel not to proceed further. The jury, having expressed a strong opinion upon the case, found a verdict for the defendant. SECONrD COURT. (Sittings at Nfis Prius, before iTr. Baron MmARTS and Comnmnon Juries.) COLE V. KENXEDY ANS AXOTHER. M1r. Ho-gins and Mr. Karslake appeared for the plaintiff, and AMr. Watson for the defendants. This was an action brought against the Sheriffs of London to recover compensation in damages for their having neglected to enforce a writ issued by the plaintiff against one Peter Simons. The defendants pleaded, first, that they had no such writ as described by the plaintiff placed in their hands to execute; and, then, that the plaintiff had waived the execution of the said writ, and had excused the defendants from executing it. It appeared that the plaintiff had obtained judgment against a gentleman named Simons to the amount of 99!. 8s. in the Court of Exchequer. Mr. Simons was at that time in the custody of the defendants, under a writ issued by another plaintiff. The present plaintiff then issued a writ against Simons, but, instead of issuing it from the Court of Exchequer, he issued it from the Court of Queen's Bench, le sent that writ to the defendants to put into execution, but the latter, seeing thatthe writ was irregular, permitted Simons to goat libertyuponhispayingtheamount endorsed upon the Writ issued by another plaintiff, under which he had been previously detained. The plain~tif had borought this action to recover compensation for the escape of Simons. The defence was, that the Sheriffs' clerk seeing that the writ was irregular had put it aside, and had subsequently sent it to the plaintiff's attorney to have it amended. That was done, and the writ was returned to the defendants, this, it was contended, being a waiver of the original writ; but in the mseantime Simons had been discharged from custody, he having p aid the amount under which he had been detained on behalf of another creditor. The plaintiff had not lost anything, because Mr. Simons had a private income of 7001. per aunum, and therefore the plaintiff could easily o'otain payment of his claim. Mr. Baron MsRrsxv, in summing up, said, it was of great importance that the Sheriffs, the persons who were to execute the law, should be persons of wealth, and that they should be liable in the event of any wrongful act being committed in so enforcing the law. The writ in question, instead of being made returnable before the Court of Exchequer, was made returnable before the Court of Queen's Bench, and the person against whom it was issued might therefore have applied for his discharge, although there was no doubt that the judge before whom he applied would have amended the writ and compelled the plaintiff to pay the costs. Twenty years ago the defendants would havebeen discharged, but things had altered greatly since that period. Therefore, if the jury was of opinion that there was no waiver they must find a verdict for the plaintiff It seemed to him (Mr. Baron Martin) that immediately the discharge took place a right of action arose, and there was nothing in the plaintiff amending the writ and returning it to the defendants which in his opinion waived that right of action. The defendants only appeared to have made a mistake in their duty, and it was strange that the plaintiff had not endeavoured to satisfy his debt upon Simons's property. The jury asked what amount would carry costs? Mr. Baron MARTsN said, any amount over 56.; but he begged them to dismiss from their minds the idea of giving damages to carry costs. It was their duty to say to what amount the plaintiff was entitled, and then the law would decide which party was to pay the costs. In fact, the County Court A\ct did not apply in this case, as the plaintiff lived in Devonshire and the dci endantajin London; therefore the rule he had stated to them as regarded costs did not apply. The jury then returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 5e. 5s.
PREROGATIVE COTTRT. FP.MAV .Ti.-- 9sn ThN Tli UOUODS OF AX';N TS3ITT (Before Sr JoriN DODSON:) TXhe testatrix, Annm Smitb, duly executed her will on the 10th of October, 1850, being then a spinster. On the 22d of July, 1S51, she intermarried with Mr. Francis Under-wood, of Brixwortb, Northamptonshtire, the husbandl of her deceased sier. She died on the 2d of September, 1855, passingby the name of Underwood, hut there -was no issue of the marriage. The mamrage being invalid under the 5th and 6th of William IV., c. 54, the question arose whether or not the will still remained in force. Dr. Sw,%n,Ey moved the Court to decree probate. The learned Juc.E saicd that, the marriage being invalid, the ill had not been revoked by it; consequently it remained operative.
COUBT OF BANBUPTCY, Bainhag trcd, June 20. TN RE R. RTETC,%TA: T.AX'V. In-r- 714'- The bankrupt was a soLicitor and bill broker of Argyle. street, Regent-street. This was an exasination meeting. Mr. Ctyrhe, for the bankrupt, and Mr. FuCvone, for the assignees, concurred in asking for an adjournment, the accounts not being ready. Adjournment accordingly. L' BE 33MEGT. A petition in bankruptcy was yesterday ojened in this case, the bankrupt being a tailor of CamberwelL 31r. Fst.VSxu now applied that steps might be taken to obtain possession of the bankrupt's books. They had not been given up, and the bankrupt was believed to be occupied in collecting the debts due to his estate. Mr. Wheeler examined, stated, that he resided at Peckham, and on going round by Camberwell, on Wednesday last, to ask the bankrupt for money, he found a Mr. Creed in possession of the premises, and who claimed also to be the o=ner of the bankrupt's property under a deed in his favour. If the Court would excuse him, he would menSion the other circumstances of the case in a roundabout way. Coss%arssoNEs.-I hope not. You-have already taken us round by CamberwelL Mfr. Wheeler proceeded to state that, feeling convinced ir. Creed and the bankrupt were engaged in concocting a scheme to-wrong the creditors, he noticed MIr. Creed's features carefully, having done which, he exclaimed, *'Good gracious! you are the manuI saw on the same board with Bennett.". ConusssoSE.-On the same board with the bankrupt! Wbat do sou meau9 Mr. *Weeler.-Sitting working together on the same board, your Honour, both cross-legged. CofissriONn.-Well, what did you do then? Mr. Wheeler.-He knew there would not be a penny for the creditors, but, resolved not to be swindled, he bad caused a petition in bankruptcy forthwith to be opened, and Creed was now here, by summons, to show by what title he claimed the property. Mr. FRASER proposed to examine him accordingly, but Mr. Creed declined to take the usual oath, or sign the usual examination paper. He was not a Christian-he had no religious opinions 'whatever-he was an athei't. The Co-Nmissio.NEii-This impious bravado will not avail you. By impious bravado I mean an attempt to make that prominent which every other man 'would wish to conceaL Unless you sign the customary examination-paper, or if you refuse to make a declaration, I shall commit you to pnson. Creed adhered to his decision, and again proclaimed himself an atheist. His Hoxotnc.-There 'will be an adjournment to Monday. In the meantime an order of commitment must be dravwn up with great care, the commitment being under a highly penal statute. I have no idea of favour being shown to a man who ostentatiously proclaims himself an atheist. An adjournment was ordered accordingly, and the Messenger of the Court was further directed to take particular care that no properry was in the meantime removed from the bankrupt's premises. IN RE THOMAS. IVARD. The bankrupt was a commission agent, of S, Great Winchester-street, city, and 109, Park-street, Camden-town. This was an examination meeting. The Official Assignee reported that in 1852 the bankruDt had been discharged by the Insolvent Court, his debts being 5987., and again in 1854, his debts being 2111. He now came to this court, owing 9061. to unsecured creditors, and having liabilities to the further amount of 1,5101. The assets he did not expect would realize 401. Of the liabilities l,1OSI. consisted of accommodation-bills, principally between the bankrupt and a person of the name of Haldon. On one occasion the bankrupt purchased of Messrs. Taylor and Co. goods to the amount of 2791., and paid for them by a biU drawnu by Hialdon on one Thoms'n. The goods were immediately handed to Haldon, who obtained advances upon them, giving to the bankrupt 1S61. The biU was dishonoured, and Taylor and Co., were now creditors for the amount. The accounts of the bankrupt were unsatisfactory. His HONOUR ordered an adjournment sine die, with protection for three weeks only. (Before U:-. Commissioner EvANs.) IN RE W. S. 1ICMAUN. The bankrupt was a picture dealer, of Sussex-chambers, St. James's. Mr. HoUalms opposed, and Mr. Iawrance supported his application for a certificate. His HONOUR said, it appeared that, having executed two biUs of sale, the bankrupt had proceeded to America. One of these biUs of sale was a fraudulent preference, and there vwould bea suspension of certi6cate t(second class) one year, three months being 'without protection. llis HONOUR granted an immediate certificate of the second class to A. J. Phillipe, shipovner, of Chelsea, late of Cape Town.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COUBT, Junc 20. IN RE HERMIC S. LANfSBERGER. 1Th'frp Yfl.'- A Q rrn- I This insolvent, a commission agent, who had traded as H. and T. Landsberger, was opposed for two foreign merchants, named Honegger and Grochi, on the ground of fraud. It appeared that in 1854 the insolvent, a native of Prussia, came to this country and established himself as a commission agent and dealer in foreign goods. In November last he applied under the Protection Act, making his debts - under 3001., but, it being proved that they exceeded that amount, the petition was dismissed. The insolvent was soon afterwards arrested, and now applied under the Prison Act. The debts in the p;esent schedule exceeded 6001. The complaint on the part of A. Honegger, who is a silk manufacturer in Switzerland, and on the part of Messrs. Grochi and Son, cloth manufacturers at Gorlitz, in Prussia, was that their debts had been fraudulently contracted. He obtained goods to 1291. from Honegger by representing that they were for Messrs. Leaf and Co., warehousemen; but evidence was produced to show that that house had given no order to the insolvent. From Messrs. Grochi the insolvent obtained a large quantity of cloth, to be supplied, as he stated in his order, to Messrs. Hyams,-a statement proved to-be untrue. The case on the part of the insolvent was that some of his clerks had given him the orders, and that he had been deceived by them. It was alleged against the insolvent.that he had pursued a course of systematic imposition on foreign houses. Mr. Commissioner Mumm}y, in giving judgment, declared that, with every intention to be merciful, he could not arrive at any other conclusion than that the insolvent had acted very dishonestly; in fact, that he had pursued a s.heme of systematic swindling. It was necessary to look to the character of the insolvent. It was only a few months since he presented himself before the Court with a schedule in which he swore that his debts were under 3001., when he must have well known that they considerably exceeded that sum, for in hispresentschedule, filedshortlyafterwards they were more than OM. He wa therefore convicted of deliberate falsehood. Then what had been the mode of his conduct as a commission agent? It had been proved that he had ordered goods, giving the names of respectable houses in the city of London as parties who required the same, but it was shown that they gave no sueh orders. Then the insolvent turned round and said he had been deceived by his clerks. The Court could not take the excuse; and, looking at the manner in which the goods had been disposed of, and the style of firms with which he had been connected, he could only come to Use determination that he had adopted a course of swindling. It was a case in which he felt it to be his duty to give a judgment that would act as a warning. This country was open to foreigners ; they had facilities of trading, and when they acted as this insolvent had done they must expect severe reprobation. His Honour pronounced a judgment of 1S calendar months from the vesting order in April for the frauds conunitted on the opposing creditors.
CENTRAL CRIMUIN4AL COURT, Jinc 20. (r.n annTm.7 (Before ilr. Justice COLERIDGE.) George Frederick LiUycrap surrendered to take his trial upon a charge of having feloniously embezzled certain property and moneys after he had been duly adjudged a bankropt, the same being then tbe property of his assignees. Mr. 'erjeaut Parry appeared specially, with Mr. Henniker and Mr. ML J. O'Connell, for the prosecution; Mr. Serjeant Balantine (also specialy retained), with Mlr. Giffard, appeared for the prisoner. This was a prosecution instituted by order of Mr. Goulburn, the Commissioner of the Court of Bankruptcy, under the 251st section of the Bankruptcy Law Consolidation Act, by which it was declared to be felony for any trader, after having been duly adjudicated to be a bankrupt, to secrete or embezzle goods or money above the value of 101. It appeared that the prisoner carried on the business of a grocer in Bishopsgate-street, and that in April last year he was in difficulties, and on the 28th of that month he was duly adjidicated a bankrupt. The case that was sought to be made out on behalf of the prosecution was that on the day he was declared a bankrupt, and after he had signed a declaration of insolvency, the prisoner had caused to be removed from his premises a considerable quantity of furniture and a portion of his stock in trade, and that he had also concealed other property in different parts of his premises. In order to make out these facts twvo witnesses, named Penn and Cole, shopmen to the prisoner, and a porter named StaUybrass, who was also in his service, were examined, and they gave evidence as to the removal of the property from the premises. The two former witnesses, however, admitted that they had received 121. from the prisoner for their share in the transaction, and the evidence given by the porter was not of a very satisfactary character. Mr. BALLLA,NTL addressed the jury with his usual ability and ingenuity, and contended that upon the evidence before them the witnesses who had been brought forward to up port the charge were accomplices in the transaction, and that, as there was an entire absence of confirmation of their evidence, the jury ought not to rely upon their testimony, and that the prisoner was entitled to an acquittal. The learned JUDGE having summed up, The jury, after a short deliberation, returned a verdict of Not Gutilty. Bernardo Henriquez, 23, a Spanish seaman, was indicted for the wilful murder of Vassiel CalUiger. Mr. W. Smith prosecuted; Mr. Cooper was counsel for the prisoner. The evidence in this case was explained to the Court and jusy through the medium of an interpreter, and, so far as the facts could be ascertained, it appeared that the transaction which was the subject of inquiry took place in a sailors' lodginghouse at the east end of the town, and, according to the evidence for the prosecution, after a scuffle had taken place between a man who was in company with the prisoner and another foreigner, during which blows were cschanged the deceased man, who was playing at cards with another foreigner, suddenly got up from his seat and ran towards the prsoner, evidently inth the intention of doing him some violence; upon which it appeared he drew a very formidable knife and stabbed him in the belly, thereby inficting an injury of which he died a few hours afterwards. It appeared that during the fray the prisoner himself -received some injury on the face, and he asserted that this injury had been inflicted by the deceased. Mtr. COoPER addressed the jury with a good deal of earnestness on the part of the prisoner, and he contended that upon the facts before them they would be perfectly justified in saying that the prisoner was guilty of the crime of manslaughter only. The learned JUDGE having summed up, and called the attention of the jury to the absence of any evidence of provocation to justify the act committed by the prisoner, and so to reduce the crime to manslaughter, The jury, after a short deliberation, found the prisoner Gutilty of murder, but recommended him to mercy on account of his being a foreigner. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, after a short delay, put on the black cap, and passed formal sentence of death; and thY prisoner, who evidently understood very little of what wa' goig on, left the bar loudly protesting his innocence, and eclaring that he was the injured party. James Moore, 40, a little humpbacked man, was indicted for feloniously setting fire to a workshop, with intent to injure George Sinken. Mr. Platt prosecuted; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Longford. This case was of a somewhat peculiar character. It amLeared that the prisoner occupied a portion of a house in et, even Dials, which belonged to the prosecutor, and that on the night mentioned in the indictment the premises were observed to be onfire, and it was with a; coiderable deal of dificulty thatsome of the inmates, and aMong them the daugher and if h risoner, escaped with their lives. There was no direct evidenoe -whatever against theprisoner; but it appeared that veryshortly after the fire occarred he went unp to a police-constable in Bowstreet, and said that he had set Mr. Sinken's place on fire, andgavebiraalettertotheprosecutortothateffect. Ifvwas elicited in cross-examination that the prisoner wag addicted to drunken habits, and that he had been " on the drink," as it is termed, for a fortnight before the fire occurred. Mr. LO1;GFORD, upon these facts, endeavoured to show that the prbonr had falsely accused himself of the crime under the in'duence of liquor, and that, in the absence of any~positive testimony to prove his guilt, he was entitled toacquitted. - The iury returned a Xverdict of auiley, and the prisoner .was sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard laboul for. two years. NE1W COURT. Wlim (Before Afr. .JUstiee CROWVDER.) Mlay, 26, biliard-marker, vasindicted for havinaided and abetted a woman, whose name is unknown, to ldi and murder herself. f fended.aJ, Payne prosecuted, and Mr. W. Cooper de- It appeared from the evidence for the prosecution that npon the morning of the 27th of May the prisoner was seen,,' at about half-past 3, upon London-bridge in the company of a young woman wearing a white straw bonnet with a white' niband on it. After walking some short distance frormi tho Southwark side the prisoner was seen to assist her from the seat in one of the recesses on to the parapet of the bridge, and from there to the ledge on the outside. He held her hand for some distance as she walked along there, and was heard to say to her, "Go on, and L will follow you." He then let go her hand, | and she walked along about four yards, and then, according to some of the witnesses, she fell into the water, and one stated that the prisoner gave her a push. The woman screamed loudly for help when she rose to the surface of the water, and boats were put olg but failed to rescue her, and the body was not found until about 9 o'cloce,whenabarei man picked it up near Blackfriars-bridge. The priaoner was at once secured by those who saw the transaction. Whed the prisoner saw what had taken place lie said, " My God, I did not think she would do it; I did all I could to revent her." The prisoner, though not drunk, had been inekng. He likewise made a similar, statement at the police-station. It did not appear that the prisoner knew the deceased; and at the coroner's inquest held upon the body no one came forward to identify it. Mr. Coorim, in an able speech, contended tnat there was no evidence to show that the-deceased intended suicide, and that her death might have been the result of an acei dent, attendant upon a foolish act upon her part; and, even had she meditated suicide, it was not proved that the prisoner was aware of it; and it was most probable the part he took in the matter was done in joke. The jury AcqutWed him. Mr. Justice C&ONVDER told the. prisoner that, althoughthe jury had acquitted him of any intention to aid the unfortunate creature in making away with herself, if stuch. was her intent, and in that opinion he agreed, stiU the conduct he had been guilty of was disgraceful inthe extreme.: The prisoner was then discharged. Abraham George Pallett, 28, and Joseph Pargeter, 23, two constables of the G division, were indicted for a buiglary in the dwelling-house of Francis Frebout, and stealinga quantity of cigars, a bottle of brandy, a bottle of runm, two bottles of gin, 4s. 6d. in money, and two handkerchiefs. Mr. Ryland prosecuted, and Mr. F. IL Lewis defended.' The prosecutor in this case keeps the Angel and Crown, Tabernacle-square, Finsbury, and the prisoners were con'stables upon that beat. Upon the morning of the 14th of May, as the sergeant of the district was going round the beat, he saw that some one was in the prosecutor's hous'e, and upon going in found the two prisoners at the bar of the house very drunk, and, upon being questioned, they becamie very violent, and it was not without considerable difficulty that they were taken to the station. Upon the prosecutorsI premises being inspected it was found that the prisones, after regaling themselves at prosecutor's bar, had packed up all that was available, and some of the property was found upon them. Arf. LEy iS, in cross-examination2 elicited that after the house had been closed for the nigint the barman had gone out, and that the door might not have been quite fast, but have opened, if the prisoners, in the execution of their duty, had tried it. The learned counsel contended forcibly against the charge of burglary, not denying that a larceny had been committed. I They jury found the prisoners Guflty of stealing, and they were sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment and hard labour. THIRD COURT. (Before the RECOERDER.) Charles Christian MUller. 45, teacher, and W-lliam Foster, 30, traveller, were indicted for feloniously engraving upon a platepart of a promissory note, purporting to be tha note of a certain company in the kingdom of Sweden, repre-sentinD the value of six dollars. Mr-.Bodkin andMxr. Sleigh prosecuted, and Mr. Robinson and Mr. Thompson defended. AMr. BODEI, in stating the case, said that, although one of great importance, the facts lay in a very narrow compass. Somewhere about the 12th of April the two men at the bar called upon an engraver named Austin, living in Bartlett'sbuildigs, and, producing a blanml copper plate, wished to knowiftheengraver could execato the fac-simile of a note which they produced. He stated that he could, and namedhis price. They then went away and did not return, but upon the 9th of the same month Foster called upon Mr. Morrish, an engraver living in Oakley-street, Lambeth, and, producing a blank plate and a note, asked him if he could copy it. The name of the maker of the plate was on it, aud Mr. Mor. rih noticed it. He then asked roster how many they would want, and he (Foster) said about 8,000, andthat they should want others. Foster then left, and called again upon the 2d of May, bringing M6ller with him. They then produced another note, which Morrish told them would cost a1. engraving. They then said that Austin had offered to do it for 31. lOs., upon which Morrish said he would engrave it for 31. 3s., and they agreed with him to do it. Foster naid half a sovereign as a deposit. Theythen went away, and afterwards called several times to inspect the work. In the mieantime, Mr. Morrish having communicated with the police, a watch was kept, and, upon the plate being given to the prisoners, they were taken in charge. M^Tr. XonBSON, for the defence, raised several legal objections, which being overruled, The jury found the prisoner Guilty. Mailer was sentenced to 14 years' transportation, and iFoster to 4 years' penal servitude. During the progress of this trial the Recorder made a complaint of the oppressive state of the atmosphere upon the bench, and was answered by a uyman, 'who said that they were then sitting ia a cold draught that was quite dangerous. The RECORDER said the system was horrid; it was sham ventilation. Mr. BODrIN said it might be gratifying to the jury to know that if they were kiled it would be upon scientific principles. (Laughter.)
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Friday, JAInc 20. (Before Mr. PASnInLY, Q. C., Assistanti-Judge.) The Court sat specially to-day at Clerkenwell to try a case of assault which.was of a very comphicatedl character and, except to the parties concerned, of no interest. There was a cross indictment. The counsel for the prosecution were Mfr. Sleigh and Mfr. Logie ; for the defence, Mr. Ribton andl -Mr. :Rawthorne. The result was a verdict of Guilty aggainst the defendanit, the jury adding that they considered the assault wiLs comnmittedL undler aggra-vating- crcumstances. The trial of the cross indlictment was postponed. The defendant wvas John Doggett, of the Argyle Tavern, X~ing's-cross, and the prosecutors were Henry James Jennings, solicitor's clerk, and MEr. Worthington, an architect. The cross indictment was against Mr. Jennings, who entered into his own recognizance to appear on the 14th of JTuly. ___
POLICE. GULDYATT.-Russell Green appeared to answer an information charging him with unlawfully using a certain room in a house situated 45, Fleet-lane, Farringdon-street, for the purposes of betting upon certain events and contingencies relating to horseracing, whereby he incurred a penalty of not exceeding 100L, or six months' imprisonmeat, with or without hard labour, in the discretion of the magistrate. Sir It. W. CStRDEN presided. Mr. Charles Pearson, the City Solicitor, attended to conduct the prosecution on the part of the corporation of London, and said these proceedings were taken under the 16th and 17th of Victoria, cap. 119, sec. 3, and tho offence in the present instance was that of using the room for betting purposes. He therefore proposed calling evidence to prove that fact, which, he believed, would be so clearly established that a conviction must necessarily follow. Edward Briscoll,tpolice-constable 168, said that on the 3d of June last he went to No. 45, Fleet-lane, where, in a room on the ground-floor, he saw the defendant. The room in question was afrontshop, and was fitted up withacounter upon which were strewn a number of cards bearing the names of horses upon them and the races they were to start for. There was a small desk, at which the defendant was sitting, behind the counter, and he was apparently conducting the business of the establishment. aitness made a bet witlh the defendant on that day for lOs. against Gallico for the Beverley Cup, the odds being 3 to 1, which the defendant entered in a book, but gave hiun no card. Hle saw no other particular act of the defendant. Witness went there previously, on the 26th of May last, and saw the defendant sitting behind the counter, and cards of the same description were lying about as on the other occasion. There were also a number of persons present, and the conversation vas about horseracing, but no betting took place. He called again on the 2d of June and upon subsequent days, and each time sawthe defendant with all the appurtenances already described around him, but he never witnessed any other business transacted there. Cross-examinedu-le saw some cards in a book, but there were others also on the counter. Re-examined.-He observed several bets made by other persons there, but, as he did not hear the name of the horse or the race it was backed for, he had not mentioned it in his first evidence. He also saw money paid on account of bets, and noticed tjat entries were made in a book at the same time, but he did not see the entries. The shop windows were darkened with paint, so that it was impossible to see through them. The defendant admitted that he had used the room for the purposes alleged against him, and urged, in mitigation of the penalty, that he was a scale-maker by trade, an carried an that business during the winter, but in summer he attended horse races, which led to his acting as he bad done. He was not aware he was acting improperly in this mattes; and. as soon as he became cognizant of the fact, and that proceedings were being taken against others, he shut up his office and discontinued that business, and two days af terwards be received the present summons. Sir R. W. CARDEN said, as the defendant had given up the practice complained of, it was something in his favour. and he would therefore take it into consideration in fixing the penalty; but if ever he were convicted again the faUll penalty of 1001. would be iunficted, as the magiatrates wera determined to enforce the act of Parliament to its fullest 6x- tent, with the view to suppress such iniquitous places is betting houses. The defendant was then fined 101. and costs, which were ilmmediately paid. John Palmer was suwmnoned for using a room in the White Swan publichouse, in Farringdon-streets for betting purposes, against the statute, &c. The City Solicitor pr~osecuted in this case also. M1r. H:nddleston appeared for the defendant. - - Mr. Charles Pearson said this was a case similar to the last, although the circumstances were somewhat different. The proceedings were takenmunder the same section of the 16th and 17th of Victoria, cap. 119; but he was not prepared to yield to the objections takLen on Saturday last in other cases of this kind by Mr. Huddleston relative to certain evidence being received. He intended to claim his right to examine the witnesses, with the view to elicit the proceedings wiich tool place in the defendant's room on several occasions subsequent to the date of the information,; and in order that he mightprove that the room was used for bettingpurposes. The " sing" of the room was not an insulated act, but consisted of a succession of acts, and it was necessary to prove the fact to show that the defendant hiabitsallynsed the room for the purposes he had described. He did not claim this right with the view of founding a criminal information, but for the purpose of showing that, the room was used by the defendant for betting within the, meaning of the act. Matthew Dunton, plice-constable 425, said he went toi the White Swan, in arringdon-street, on the 27th of May,i and entered a room at the end of the bar, where he saw the defendant and a man sitting at a table at the further end of the room. There were several cards, with the names of horses and races upon them, lying on the table. There were a number of persons standing round the table, un which wasa small desk and a book, in which all the bets were entered, and their conversation referred to horsoe racing. The defendant answered all questions put to him by those present. Witness made a bet-with bimupon West Langton for 2s. 6d., the odds being 80 to I in half-crowns When he paid the 2s. 6d. the defendant gave him a card, on which he wrote "423-. P." A man present asked him when the settlement would take place, and the defendant replied " The day after the race ; and if I am not here my man will be." The man was out of the room at that time' but he came in soon after. He knew the man, having seen him on several previous occasions, and on the 26th of May he bought a bo-ok of him for a enny containing the following advertisement :-" Mr. J. lalmer continues t., execute commissions at the White Swan, Farringdon-street." Wit. ness went there also on the 2d of June. Mr. Huddleston objected to evidence relating to matters which took place after the 27th of May, but not before that date. The defendant was smnmoned for using the room on a certain day, and it wss perfectly absurd to prove the "using" subsequent to that day. Suppose, for instance, the defendant had been summoned on the first occasion of his entering that room, the charge would be for an offence committed up to that date ; in which case it would be clear he could not have used it within the meaning of the act,- as the word " using" meant a continnous offence, which could not be continuous by one act only, and to admit the evidence now sought to be put in would, he contended, becontraryto. the intention of the Legislature. The City Solicitor submitted that a sin-gle act was sufi-i dent to prove a " using "within the meaning of the act of: parliament, and he was content to rest his case uponthe evidence as it stood, if the magistrate decided he was not enttled to call evidence to show by subsequent acts that the defendant did use the room in question for betting X. iEuddleston said it had been ruled by the Court that' subsequent acts could not be referred to in evidence; and it was customary not to depart from a rule when once laid down. One visit did not constitute a "u sing ;" and if the evidence objected to were received the information would consequently be laid before the offence was committed. Sir R. W. CARDENa decided that the evidence could not be received. Witness, cross-examined.-He did not see defendant on' the 26th of May, but he had seen him there on previous occasioris. Re-e-xamined.-The man was stationed at the defendant's elbow. On the 26th the man sat in the same seat that was occupied by the defendant on the 27th, and bets were made upon both occasions. E dward Briscoll corroborated this witness's testimony. Sir. R. W. CARDENx said it must be apparent to all who had heard the evidence that the defendant bad books and cards printed, and kept a clerk to assist him in the manage. ment of an establishment of a most dangerous description, for, while the proprietors of other betting places wou not take abet of less thanlft',-the defendant,it had been shown, had taken 2s. Gd., and it was not known how much less; so that it was quite clear he would take from the very classes the act was intended to protect,-viz., the poor. He therefore fined him 501., or, m default, two months' imprisonment. Mir. Huddleston gave notice of appeal, and the bail was fixed for two sureties in 501. each, and the defendant in his own recognizances in 1001. aRI,BOnROUGs-STREET.-A Well-dressed, gentlemanly, middle-aged man was brought to this court charged with creating a disturbance at the shop of Messrs. Atkinson, perfamers, Old Bond-street. The defendant, as soon as he was placed in the dock, clapwd on his head a brown paper bonnet, hindpart befote. Li. Ieadley, the chief cler .-Whatis your name ? Defendant.-Name? MynameisNlorvaL OntheGrampian hilLs-what's in a name? A rose by any other name -will smell as sweet as-sugarcandy. But, joking apart, old fellow, don't make me laugh, and rll tell you my namDe-it's pdding andtame; ask me am. and I'll tell vou it'sathniel Godbold Muston, Iao. 8, Wellington-terrace, gentleman. Mr. Balderstone, surgeon, who had been sent for to give an oninion as to the condition of the intellects of the defendint, intimated to the magistrate (Ar. Beadon) that there could be no doubt the defendant was not in his rational senses. Defendant.-You mean, rm mad. So they said Fergus O'Connor was, poor fellow, when he was no more mad than lam. Mr. Low stated that thie defendant entered the shop and by his antics caused much confusion, and he also alnrmed one of the ladies in the shop by laying hold of her armn and addressing her in a strain of peculiar familiarity. Defendant.-Alarm a lady-what, I?-oh, no! I should have been afraid; she would have whipped me with her hair, which is nothing else than scorpions, serpents, and centipedes. Mr. Balderstone being of opinion that the predisposing cause of the malady under which the defendant evideantly labonred arose from intemperate habits, and that he was not fit to be at large, Mr. BnADON directed that the defendant should be taken to St. George's Workhouse for the purpose of security. The defendant, having concluded some fragments of a popular ditty, came round and begged to shake hands with the magistrate. Mr. Bn.tnOy goodnaturedly affered his hand, which the defendant hissed with much reverence; and, after offering the same mark of regard to several others in court, was taken to the workhouse. WESTrSrNsTER.-William M`Manus was apprehended on a warrant on Thursday afternoon, charged with violently assaulting Lydia Tillett, described by some of the -witnesses as a very quiet hard-working young woman. Complainant said that she had been living with the defendant for the last three months, during two of which he had done nothing for his maintenance, but had lived upon the proceeds of her industry. "He had repeatedly ill-used her, and beat her in the most savage manner on Wednesday morning. She had asked him to allow her to lock their room-door when she went to work, upon which he replied, "Oh, you want to keep me out-"' and, savagely seizing her by the month, dashed her on the ground, and then kicked her on the head repeatedly and on several parts of the body. She succeeded in getting out of the room, when he asked her "if her jawbone was kicked in, and if she was satisfied,;" and added that he had not done with her yet. Defendant, in reply to the charge, said, that she attacked him with the rolling-pin (which was positively denied), and they had a scuffle, in which she got the brnises she exhibited by accident. He said that if she had no work to do of a day she would go out of a night. Witnesses having been caUed in support of complainant's statement, Mr. AinNonn said, that a more savage br contemptible fellow had never been brought before him; not content with usimg the most brutal violence to a woman on whose hard labour he had subsisted for two months, he was shameless enough to insnuate that he had been living upon her pro titution.c Hewas committed for six months to hard labour in the House of Correction, and ordered to find good bail for a further term of si. months. WoRSmHIP-SrEET.-Edward Trowers, a groom, William Fleckhart, an engineer, and Henry Horwood, a housedecorator, were charged on remand before Mr. D'Ell coUvR with feloniously Eand burgiariously breaking and entering the dw.elling-house of a widow lady named Iabella Hiuphreys, at Stamford-hilU, in the nighttime, and stealing therein 1001. in sovereigns, three 51. hankhotes, two gold watches, one silver watch, and numerous other articles of plate and jewelery; and John 1'eyton, a warder on board the Stirling Castle convict-ship at Portsmouth, was charged with feloniously receiving the silver watch, Mr. Bush, the lady's solcitor, intimating his conviction that if she were compelled; to attend most serious results would probably ensuefromso muchexertionandexcite-ment, .Mr. D'Eyncourt, accompanied by Mr. Phips,the chief clerk, yesterday proceeded to the lady's house at Stamfordhill, and Mrs. Humphreys, on being sworn, deposed as follows :-I am a widow, and nearer 80 years of age than 70. In February last, on a Sunday evening, a man and woman came to my house, and, my servant being out at the time, were shown by myself into the parlour. I think Fleckhart is the man who came with that woman, who had a thick black veil on, so as to onceal her features. Before I let them in they toldme they had somethiug important to communicate with regard to my solcitor, IMr. Rush, and in the parlour one of them told mie he had had two fits. The woman told me to go closer to the man, as he was deaf, and I did so, but found be was not deaf. The woman said, "Have you told the lady the worst?' and the other muttered something, but I could not hear what. They both had refreshment, and stayed a little time, when the man went out at the front door, and I opened that leading into the back yard. On reaching the steps leading into the kitchen the man halted, just where the brickwork vwas afterwards cut out of the wail by the thieves, while the wonan remained in the parlour. On get- ting back I stil found her there, and she asked me to le. her go upstairs, but I s3id she could not, and tha ilean returned to the parlour and sat dovn. They asked for my servant, to go to the Telegraph-office, as Mr. Rush, they said, was ill at Salisbury, aud his wife had gone down'ta .see him. A knock at that time came at the street door, and mny servant entered, on which they 'said they would call again the niext day, and let me k-now how Mr. Rush pro(etded. It was nearly dttsk at the timie; the man himself lit a candle, and I told my servant to notice him, that she xai ht know hm when he called again. The nex day auother man called with a letter,purporting to be from M :RuEb, and that letter opened my eyes. I cannot say whether thatman waseitherof the prisoners, buthewantedananswer, and I declined giving it ; but, on his asking for something for his trouble, I gave him a shilling. I determined to go to town in a fly, and while i it a third man came to the window and begged me not to go. I cannot recognize that mnan, but I did go, and when Igot to town found the whole statement about Mr. Rush was a fabrication. I remember the night of the burglary, in ApriL I first felt something shake my head, then heard a noise, and woke the servant, whc> slept in the same room. It was scarcely light at thetime. I nextheardanoiselikeavolUeyofgus going olf. [Thiswassup posed to arise from the falling of the bricks forced out of the wallby the thieves.] Isat upinbed, andwhen the servantgot up she first went upstairs and then ran down. I then heard aloude scream, and footsteps running up, as if of more than one person. Some men came into my room, one of whom held my right hand down by my side, and another my left hand. The men said "VWhere is your money?' I screamed. and they used foul langaage, saying "Wifi you be quiet?' One put his hand over ray eves, pinched my nose, and held me by the threat, so that I could hardly breathe when he took his hand from my mouth. They said "We have killed your servant and will now kill you," and one caled out. " Give me the lnife and Ill cut her - throat." They then broke open my drawvers and every other place. Three men were in the room at the time, two on the bed, and the other brealdng the places open. The man on my left side put a rope round my right wrist, and then tied both my hands together. He then passed the rope from my hands to my legs, and tied my legs together. They then iled a handkerchief over my mont and then roun imy head, andput two pillows over my head, tiUl I could scarcedy breathe; m fact, I was everything but dead. A silver watch was round my necl, and they took it. That produced ,by the police is the same. [The one discovered by Sergeant Langley at the warder's house at Portsmouth.] I had a great maany sovereigns in my drawers, but I cannot tell how many. On the 14th of January I received a large amount from Mr. Rush. I put that somewhere in the room, and had other money there. I had also two gold watcbes, for one of which I gave 12L., a silver teapot, spoons, a diamond ring, and other jewelry, and I afterwards missed all the money and articles I have mentioned. I also found that the drawers in the front parlour had been broken open, and Imissed three or fopr -5!. Banik of England notes, which I had received from zr. Birch, a tenant of mine in Grove-lane. i also missed some gold from another drawer, which was likewise broken open, in the same room. When they were going downstairs one of the men said to the other, "That's the day we will come. I have no doubt whatever that Fleckhart is the man who came with the woman in the first instance. A man named Holmes deposed to seeing Eorwood, to the best of his belief, in company of Fleck-hart and two other men, coming from the direction of the prosecutrix's honue onthemorming of the burglary, and noticed that his tronsers were spotted, as they, now were. George Smith, a plumber, and brother-in-law of Horwood and Trowers, deposed that, while at a benefit societgs lodge meeting in January last, Horwood came in with Fleckhart, introduoed him to him, and said he was the man -forI Mrs. Humphreys's job. as he was an engineer, and could both make tools and use them. Fleckhart smiled and the 'witness told them both to be cautious. He had before spoken to Horwood at his house, when he several times said his wife had been servant toproseautrix, and had had plenty of her money, and that he was determined to have more of it. Witness told the police, who in consequence kept a watch upon the house. On bearing of the attempted burglary in February, he told Hlorwood he thought he knew something about it. He at first denied it, but afterwards said that himself, two other men, and the woman met in Shoreditch, whence they waLked to the prosecutrix's, but that she behived so kindly to them they had not the heart to rob her, and Trowers told him he had carried the housebrealdng implementsthere, ndthatEleckhart was one of the men who wentthere. Trowers also said the woman's brother would soon be back from transportation, that he would not hesitate about robbing the house, and that he was so determined a man he would get in by the chimney or through one of the -brick walls, if no other chance offefed. Aftor the burglary tad been committed Horwood told him the woman's brother had been released from transportation, and had been one of the men concerned in. the burglary, and that the plunder had been taken off into the country. He afterwards saw Horwood in presence of his wife, who expressed great reret at the burgiary, spoke wail of the prosecutrix while she w,as in her service, and expressedawishthather tongue hadbeen ct out before she mad said a word about her former mistress's money. On his giving information to the police they-took him into custody and detained him, to prevent his giing information to and wangthe others. - said he en ge, who appeared for Peyton, the warder, said he possessed a most undeniable character,b had worn the watch sworn to publicly, and had not the slightest idea it had been stolen, it having been left in his house by the man SLark, who had lodged there. He had been eight or nine years in the 6Sth Regiment, and had been bought out by a 'nobleman, wli6so wife felt so much interest in the prisoner that she had actually called at the court that morning. He was instructedto apply forbail for that prisoner, and trusted- the magisstrate would see no objection to its being arcepted. Mr. Lewis, for the prosecution, made no objection, and the magistrate ultimately consented to accept bail for Peyton to the amoaunt of 80L., to be previously inquired into, and remanded the others, wvithout bail,£for the completion of the depositions. TALES.-3fr. Richard Imray, a salesman, of No. 45, Crown-place, Mile-End-road, aged 42, and Beniamin lrons, 21, a fireman, dwelling at No. 61L Phillip-street, Kingslandroad, were brought before Mr. SEnsr, charged with being disorderly, and assaulting polce sergeant Samuel Egerton, Mr. Vann, solicitor, defended Mr. ITnray. This case had been four times before the magistrate. and the decision was looked for vwith great anxiety by -Mr. Imray and his friends.,The two defendants had been liberated after each day's investigation upon their own recopnizances. Mr. SEaLP said this caso had given him very considerable anxiety, but he did not regret the time h me had spent upon it. bo had considerable difficulty in attempting to reconcile the confict ing evidence. He discharged beth defendants, and, fimly believing Mr. IBray was wirongfully locked up, he would only say that he left the court as far as this matter was concerned without a stain on his character. Mr. Valn said his client, believing that a gross ontrage was committed upon himya public officer, wiould moat assuredly prosecute the police sergeant in anon of tho The parties then retired. ohrpae IL£ruEvn.-Wfliam Gallant, alies Walker, alias Datis, a fashionably-dressed youn"- man, who has bean in custody since Saturday week on a chLarge of picking pok-eta in the Cryst al Palace, wvas fmnally examined before theHon. G. C. It will be recollected that on the last examination of the prisoner a person named Cousins, who represented himself to be a retred furniture broker, and residing at No. 1, Short's-gardens, on his oath stated that the prisoner had lodged at his house for about 1S months, and had left about two months; that he was a respectable young man, and a2 mnsician; that he had heard him play at tvo concerts, and was willing to become his bailto any amount for attendance on a future day. Mr.Lund,the superintendent of the P division of police, however, objected to his bail being taken until some inquires were made as to his character, and requested that time might be ziven for that purpose. Mr. Norton fortunately granted Mr. Lund's request, for, from inquiries since made, it has been discovered that the nrizon-r is a ticket-of-leave man, and had only been discharged from Portland Prison on the 6th of M.srch last; that, insteal of a musician, he is a blacksmith, and therefore the ren-.esen. tatiorns of Cousms respecting him, and the attempt to get him released from prison, were a gross imposition on tho Court. Three constables belonging to the F division of police deposed to having known the prisoner for eight or nine years; that they had seen him in custody at Bow-street on a charge of burglary,and, though neither hadbeen present at his conviction, they were aware of this fact, and of his having been -sentenced to transportation. They further stated that tbey had lost sight of htm for some years, and that since his reappearance, within a few months, he was- the constant associate of the most notorious thieves in the metropoLis. The witnesses further stated that the house of Cousins, No. 11, Short's-gardens, was the rendezvous and the resort of the worst thieves; that the prisoners mother oconpied the first iloor theye, and that at least one notorious highway robber had been taken out of her beds; that the prisoner's sister, who was herself a convicted thief, also lived there with a notorious burglar, named A'Donnell; and that, in fact, there was not a worse house in the metropolis. Mr. Wontner, who attended for the prisoner, addressed the Court at some length h but Mr. NORTON, observing that there could not be the least doubt that the prisoner was at the Crystal Palace forthopurpose of picking pock-ets, sentenced hun to three months' hard labour. The prisoner applied for the money that had been found on him, nearly 6W., but Mr. NorpToN directed that it should be appropriated to his three months' support in prison; and if there was any of it left after this was done he might have it. -r.lund, addressing the magistrate, said he should be able to prove to his worship's satisfaction that the prisoner had been tried on the3d of January, 1853, on a charge of burglary, in the name of William Davis, alias Walker, convicted and sentenced to seven years' transportation, and was discharged from nrison cn the 6th of March, on a. ticket-of-leave. It wai therefore quite clear that the man Cousins had committed wilful and corrupt perjury, and his application was for a warrant for his apprehension on that eharge. The warrant was granted. The folowing donations bave been received for the Por blind man, Schofield :-" M. Ferguson," 21. "RI'.," 5s.- I ". B. , 5s- ; L R.s" Ss. ; ". 0., sa ., "Mr. Sabine," 10s.; "Humanitas," half a 51.-note; " ,ord 3M, ' 51.; "M Mr. A. Dowton," 10s.; " E. Sutton," 10s. * "E. L," os. Sympathy," 5s.s" J. C. W., 21. - "hr. Collis "l 17..* J. v.-2 5s " Thomas B:," 5Z' -- Hf W.," 2s. 6d. "Hamlmar5mith," 55. t<F. B.," il.; "G. Offer, jun.," 2s. 6d.; "Annie," 2s. 6d.; and from Sir Charles Desvoeux, through Dr. Pettigrew, 1U. Several gentlemen of distinction have also written for the address of the poor man, with the view of getting him into the Blind School, or some other institution.
SALES BY AUCTION. R G. B. SHUTTLERWORTH respectfully informs 3E . hi3numerous professional fiends anfd TeLpub'e thatUona afte r M.ondaylnext.Jutne 23, his business will be conducted at 31, Nicholsas-lame, Lombard-street, instead of as heretofore at 32. Poultry. To Tailors. I5JR . SEIJTTLEWORTHI is iustracted to SELLL lt3the genuine and velimble GOODWII,L of a TiAILOR's BIJSINESS. of 40 years' steanding, with the Lease of the capital Shop and Dwelling-house, situate in a large market town, within 10 miles of London.-Olfices, 1, Chapel-place, Poultry. To Linendrapers, Silkmercer, andBosiers. /F R.5 WLTER BUJRTON wiISELLbyAUCTION, VJ.o at lila Roome. 3. Broadway, Ludgate-hul, on Thursday, June 20, at 11 precisely, the STOC13 in TRADE3 of a SILKMERCER, Linendraper, Hosier, &rc., prinrdpallynew goods. indetrato rondition. On view the day prier and catalogues bad attherooms. or bypost. On View.-Notting-hill.-Household Furniture, superior Grand Pianv- forte by lBroadwood. Iron Safe. Cabinet Pianoforte, and Effects. 1lFESSRS. LOCKWOOD Will SELL by AUCTION, .3toi th Preises Nlo 44Nottimg-bf-siiuare. on Monday next, at 1 punctuaUy, alU the excellent H O LI) FURNIU2comprising iron and other bedsteads, good bedding, waTdrobes, chests of drawers, draving and dining room furniture of the usual description, and numeros miscellaneous items. On view this day. Catalogues may be obtained on tho preraiaes ; and at the auctioneer's offices, 1, Birrwood-place, Hyde-park, and 44, Upper Balker-street. Regent's-park.-Household Furniture, Grand Pianoforte by Broad- wood, Oil Paintings. Prints, and Effects. lESSRS. LOCKWOOD Will SELL byAUCTION, on the Prem 10, Kent-terrace, on Thursday, June 26, at I punctually, aUl the genuine FURNITURE, comprising four-post, stam ad Teorpen Sm-ey.-By Mlessrs. WATtRER and SO w. hmder imBtructions from Henry Brambridge, Esq.,dat the Ma rt,cou , Thursday, Jcr e 26, at o i2. sV- ENTY-FElc utcres of mnaluable Freehold oa d manogany C sieboad duing tabl, ac hacrt in leathr an mhe celisie Mais. Man bteaed thveay ptrecailn Sth sale, and aogusOtrained onsthebreises, and aterot theouiceins,o sthe autiToners 1, Bttrrey.d-pinoe yepark. and 44, Uppaear Bnaker-troadeet.smn,adma ohdo EhmY FandeU Thorp, somdtrey- Iestwrth, 31ATERos and Sof, undera Fancy Stationery. and ToBrs-ey Er.p Gt th Mart, on the dyemises. o20 Tesday, Jut1 24, at 1.; 1THE Residence comprises aof etrance hallF dinmg. Copy raerehold BuligLu,In vesltsen, Dositaeontsheed-iee at Gntrawies-, onbrdueand E ulm, and at shr. unisstanc e cptalhe Stain aon good am allaey Stha Ason ha o destiaite a codenutll ofabed FEroomd RESidTEnc, conistinwaled-i tarevryden,poltr yards, chaise-house stabli and cotdernd out-bidis, siuateor at aTrpne feurscy.n aFrher gatclars,'n wuil apearecin a future qanElrtiset ofandy mtay be hadsovr caenry Farned tos., sol e icior vsewedh andiddlesex oaind of the pue- tfiiones, Cheftrey. Surreyo d No.,GlPci.ster earate Felse-sySteatnt, Dseuanror umodem Fuiture, bFllanet Staionery,andTses,-a Mr.t Gran Pianf, t ObLE Wouponth FSREDEBROOES and BEULLET isv fevourecl L. X sathiostrutonslmtforSLLby SUTHcIO~N.oiitoeore as aPvremses on Tuesday, Juny, 24.dt 12;, at 12, th e offer hoUse, go gantde with greehofthe .rea, fr niture compnstse bedsOtDsan eingan, honesting of bra wers, ctable aon harms, cdida aOnd 2s d r sundry effecsits;te anthe seerall puanrity of fanclsota toery f show- dmgto, Bradvrsor,audoamistertablethe dinne theaggnoror reputedmanor o Pieket, letnt TELrkey capcabepreplt hle Conases, andt-oys,aay be ewredoand ctlogues ond detine ofn the prn- missudnninn th Drvneghboomhood;i Bull, walnte anod. afictonMr.Noble' tagies Piaoofordei. aisrecs,rc CiaadGa- ~aig saudPaaFitngs.trae Fnrhold T nbeetinen rt andorSthi-eras. m E SS.eO e BReOO S bmid gstBe aiaoe mreve d tit trbome tELL soubmit for ALE. bT ACTIOeN,sq. inoe orfsy lot,eaitely aron on 31estrsday, Julye 1, atl 12, tihe cadnta.cta Ofe be i the mloeantie mwad(e b priv-attreaty, ariothmodemnue FRurEE- Horlad ESiTATE, consisting of tbree elrygds irabliar bms,eawae worn mirand e ot tages and sigardns,ondtain a ring fenc3e t0 acres, 2rees,in olaes, sad te in th sever alp Sutho icltn, chied dungn Ba dw vv ins onsr, and 1Ea r toget ien wtnh the vemane, or threpuete ano of ancky to , letitows a irhy andoolasiolal b3ck, ronmmbe. tenants, prdeboaduc an annul rent ofnimg £82,indiepdeht ofrtes lagnt tionsind woomoiairYs induland, Caital. Broas.sariclas and nre apinusal fmmay be obtainedat the hotegls, lteamiust ruidport, Ctewre orua. Wi fielvds;h ad ofhto M acns. Becokrs and Real, 29, icadillhow y. oDrks No.nnaughtceter-gacdens Hydbar-poark.-Superi modern Furniture,i brillPiantoCortinus-gasdsoesa Pcaete GrihCan Panoforteby Wngravngs a fe vatntbung asiins. Ge n asl ChandliePrs, and Effect,s. Efecs M R. FREEORICK LEWI begsto isoutc faoured . wit Ehb intuction toC SELL by AUCTIOy. onmte Premises,2 uas above.y oii Tuesdayt Joyf n floigda,a the mmbro o,teCNBNSodern F12- roTome and3E; FITTINGSit of three REIENCE.compisiang of the auai bdcamIBumbVrpelau esodeda ipn r lescrition a VrosewoL adr ahw roomvsite inr cImson taaest, wit cda5 Jtains fo ath rele twD3 aow. i oaioatl and fancymp taes, chefonier with plate-gls ke,al 7fee pedesasidboardl, so ouateing doie to ing ablne sofi, indnurhingn 12is iningtoems chairs, idulgingcditt c. Braunis pardlurkeyucartpets,awitl thelhardnt b pat9 chtrnench Ndndotw ot9r glanb deoor, draiongl rlbeoom.modo,V frnoditreu pbiands, ofhi, glegas e n reiin ntt es, n and ets. maye vicwedthe daipreirad aodoms,rntiicngeUr, sae catalost h on the reth maiets and attuher ations Darn, Toffice, aid agon -lodae, fare-and rclj onnaue, cht-teraboguew an d orer retgo ant-momldeng sf utureo ain- eldtingen Droatwe, Rito Sitce intiye wainw, ad fine-toed Cotaid Ssaitgs,ded adindn gsabeo ane Plowertg and erra Efacts.e frit aill vL yutable AUCTOrde , on Trhead uew sd ayt June 2 afta2o r-ng aoT la. 2r copie an a otdsrable filVillonwihots,cna ineidng aou rer, ones accontly o d aster fznumel etisninhg CoNtonTe orf. Th2 rooedgHOUSE consistin of theeihoree eolega,eclnt krbanbdtceads with dCamtsk , ture n beddinge compaletr, and wharobes and ches of ladrawes, dobl and single wtash-hand-stiaindswThmabe lopge and Ripisabtse-lthreSe miletts troditteo tolectktabls,ay neSplate onheal and SuhCatadrawin roo suite in walhonut wood ienclueding thead convg,easyn chtaise, lady's kichairpuly d, and 12carti fehtrolvet, rcim vthre setsao curaidns tdohndows cardo andioverasionann tals rommode, bruilat plvgeable chimney andchmv oteglssinric giltmr fraesd, aonfine-g carove mahogany siear of tingerd Lot2. A oamblesie, bookc, abow oh airs) i, containing aboh s 2an coc, so valuale o pinting at uTs,c riha cttiagesdine and bdoes are rvice rich golass, mrossf anugther cand rets and nM s effecs (thwidow e viewed on rns-and amtornin of al,t whren ctlegs pmay a had on the p riseas tanr ofpthe ta tionter, 1,ore-stardee. ak scitot y, wes is EvnEsq., Sea, intwo otats), Inn lEwes abonduesda, aUley 5r, at Lsinithton et rotel fOeT t comprisng s an madcirl l Residence, of thc great-tttb, , RL . p leantl situate, cloe to tha oll Bo rispe,tad wiie froe mtes v walk onfthechura ch, tonSaIN b ArTOur coammcwayti wto Wednel u ran oJe spct of tet neg huesring countr xce kiseden)and ableye bepetd rEEoHoL MattiAelL wSTATEr-c, consstingthr wthe axhailee -oumse,l rstbe,br, gnorn ar HondweaHonee, farm an d reni lardgs, chicksreen-hus,yn othereclryqnislte out-habuidigs andaloh arnlents,s cottage . wy, Od aBoi nd-threea be rooms, with tar giaren adpatioin it alo a foearo gen, atn a Garravs hon rei and veagetabe gden at 2ri tm.estado co pmature finoeld, of taei about cais.tr;an arabIe fie now sown wit oTs), containing absutb ueacresn;and a pastrdenfced contairdni Hng soust oneae. This proa virlla cotagbes , a nd invest aent, all0in agdmrpabtrc and than land isain an excellngto l state Bofcultiaion.us tt The vlageicoltRipe l15d abottrce miefo the Benato o ewiclr Reailantation on teyheld monig, parish a.ot Etager.4 Lth2. A¢t soun mbles fiel (tntow sown with oas), containing about l Cliff covaleds Pratts Calsodttle Ritpe nearthe village.h abgoodve arecopyol ofh the maxnoral ofLaught3n. marnd assdlnet hao m Mrs. faaynes, ftewdw ofrh late g respeted g rectr o Ripe.) ateorent sofotingpe annum For fegburthecunrS eartienars aply to 6enlemmssatsTbehoucis3Ppoaced y twio entraucelodges Mesrs.J. adce Blar slodNlicitores,Lewesg i°t 11o.Emands unintea,upSed viers, mbzcim eloYaront,ZuOt nste, thepreltt village of hlilford; and of theautionee andYteweis, cLymmngtniswithin3l mils, udit s onPdeEblantciate tat horail ay viDM soon be ex- at th B oyal lloteL Soutbampton ; of It ior n St. B96ibc, EoliFitors, Lymingtor * of saessrs. P Cifger ane Ling solicitoro , 5. caymond'sabuildings, Grafe-ienu a, Ganda 0arof e eatrGreen, 28, Old Bond-streetr Small Leasehold Investment. M~rESSRS. WINSTANLEY have received instrue- 11tioni to SELL W A.UCTION, at the Mart. on We dns,d July 9, theLEASE of the weCr-Tanged DWELIdNV..G~fXUsS4 onx the W -Ise -- nfi7hRzr- ha1reaxr extenudincto the Portland-road:- the term unexpired is abDout S Yea-s, sud the ground renlt only £6 l3s. ncr assnum ; possession can be loid oni completionl of thle purchase. Particulars mar be hwd of Mesrs Reyrou and Brmeineead, so'licitors, Old Broad-street; on the isremises; at theM art;, and of Messrs.Winsstanley, Paternoster-ro,w. City Freehold. MffESSRS. NWNSTANTLEY are instructed to SELL 11a- by AUCTION. at the Mart. on WeduedaY. July 9 the FBEEHOLD JDWELLING-HOUSE and PREMIUSES, No , 29 on the west aideof he th ewr, inthecit ofLonon,used as 'lunchxeon and dinig roms,and et o Mr I.iingon udera yearly tenancy, since theexiraio ofa ongeae i182,a te smerent reserved tereby mi metesPatsinmrsVayuble hadhof dEsrsState,foerd, Geeg andtee M ESSRS.IWINSTANLEY have received directions frolm the Devisees of the late Jolns Linden, Esq., to SELTL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday. July 9, the following desirable ESTATE4 situate three miles from Bridgwater. at Moorland, in tha perishes of North Petherton and Westnonryland, containing about 172 acres of laand, prineipallyrWnhpasture and =eadow, bounded b*,the river Farrtt, with a substantial farm-house, premises, and suitable agricultUral buildings; together with about 53 acres of Srst-rate Pasture land, in King's Sedgunoor. a shoirt distancea from the former, in the pariah of North Pethercon. The Land is highly farmed by the tenant mirZRjchard Lindon Collings. Thelandsin North Petheton willbe sold freefrom rectorial tithes. Printed particulars may be obtained at the Clarence Hote, Bidgate; Cstl, Tuntn; ieoge,North Petheston: of of Wen.CsiIN,iSTad,andTCo., haveGraysinnsvae, Lodir ons o iLfrom the Exeicutorcs to S~ELL by AUTCTION, at the Mart, on Monday. June 30. and following day, in numerous lots, an extensive and valuable FREEHEOLD PROPERTY cDnistsng of about 3S0 dwlighouses, public-houses, sihops, and wharves, situate on the Tilekinand- Coldharbeur Estates, in the Hackney-road, viz. :-In Trafsslgar-place east. Cambridge-place, York-place, Tallerie-street and place, Bortcn-street, York-street north, Cross-street, Great and idttle C-ambridge-streets. IHerbert-street, Edth-street, Windmiltl-etreet, Bruas. wih-tret Wymut-erac, umeran-sret Kso-srot,atr andat he a6' Hed, n he ackey-oad th plceof sale; and Limsehouse.-Fireehold. _TOHN HI1lsD will SELL by AUCTION, at Gsxr- 9TJaway's, on the 23d inst., at 12, a FREEHOLD DWELLING- OSE ,Churebhlane, limebhouso. Producing £23 per annum. Particulars are ready.-Auction offices, 32. Cannon-street-rood.- Wappng-WehlyLosahold, sutablto manalapltalists. Saint George-in-the East.-SiliFehd. 9.Jda. 38int. t , n neot.THEEFREHLDDWELLING OUSE, inown s No. 10 11,and2, Lower Well-alley, Greeban, Od Gave-lae, roduingfro ol teant £5 4s. per Commrcil-rod est.Loashol Invstmnt,producinj £107 iper TOHYHINDwillSELL by AUCTION, at Garra- ways, n ondy,June 23, at 22, in one lot, FIVE LEASEHOLD OUSES 7 toU (both' iclusive), in Philpot-etreet, Commercsa-rod. nd vluale letofgroundisu the rear. Particularg are reay.-ucton ffies,32.Cauon-tret-road, Commercial-rd. east. Hackney andCity.road,-SmaalLeasehold~ TO NHIND wil SELL, at Garrawayv's, on Monday 9)the 23d instant, at H2, in two lots. TWO LEAS'EHOILD HOUSE? wtht shops, Nos. 7 and 5, Goldsmitha'-row,Hackney-road, and a plot of ground in the rear, let at £03 per aninum ; also, a dwelling-houze, I, Ebenezer-street, ProTost-street, City-road, let at £015 per annum. Partinilar ame ready.-Auction offices 32, Cannoni-street-road (loimrtalr-road. Plato, Jewellery. Waths e MR JOHiNSON will SELL, at theCt uto Eooms, 39. Gracechureh-etreet. on MiondayJue.at1,05 ounces of MODERN PIATE, i waiters, tea and ofepl,ml n cream ewers, mugs, cups, &e.. Pruglish and Genvgodadsle watecse, by eminent makers, costly jewellIery, in snl tn,cute brilliant pins. rings, studs, gold neck guard, andAbrchisan ,numerous othereffects. Onxviewthlosdanad morigo ae aa logues load at the roomns. 1~/~. JHNS N wll ELL atthe City Auction Y 'L Roos, 3rm, Graechirti-treet, onnidy Fridy, Jun 21 atBEE2,a qUantItyofUha,lrliedt'aSTCK eomrsIng, fatncygoods,tadressing-cae mlittns French cibewouksenaeldpcue, steelng andctie pubiearloattamhent. Pandicvarios anthcrnitemns.o Mleay be viewed the daypreiouser and mornn of sle.Cataog Asthadla thearoomse, LOG will SEL L by AUCTION, at the .L `.Kinig'sArms Inn, Wltney, onFriday.July 4,af1nFREEHOLD and TICTaOURE clete ESeorge Inn.al heeniesfo Witney, wetsiut3i h maret woebth- ahrewhoable,hostaln, andooler blsig atahd Patiuaresan ronditond of talde maybad ofteacite,ado MESSRS.GownadC. W solctos 3.d Lacate-pac, onon M strction fromthal ea Adinstraty xord, aeUr anst 114B. LONG will SEI,1L by daUCTIOn, 3 at 1,the andTITHE-FREE eStATE ath Arsthal, he almisrmWte,1 frm Oxordbfurro Burfobd, 25MPTfrOm ChatGahavms, anoihn Mnayt Junet from atwo2ulway stations;y consistin of a wellt cultrvatedtfaen ofa7acres ofAS amble m eadow, andypastr land, intersecte by7 godt road, a exellnt armous, ad acotageandrardn,tlo let aton Lancaster-place. London. ~ te pwrAslt aces .-Hmandsombrde andl thesrilwayes tproduisgo 2pe IlL trutios frm tenAm. eninzisrtonpr1och.lt r Jmst SE R A wf SELL by AUCTION, at arw'son ona,Jo23atHth with Mmdarte ponssion The prnemises are12 in good lordHEr, hand-wl sitaetocmanm agemdtale andL proitabeN trad, w eing soecurroungadednb thenu maeroutwal rfuns, in th earlocaligty.uMayb viewed, and3 32aratidulm obtaiened;n Vlalsnorth.aCvaw;df i-r.oar,e. soicgtor, p3.rlack-e mtean-ste, Bofrough; repandoithe autioenees, a0,unoungt-streeta, West Cabeldfrw8 ealSrs yne-Aroad.sidubject onse inwthendirectsthorough- leavingEnglan f am thtoythe Crystlumo Palae.S n' cey i MP.ESS TWNSBNDisandtrMILeS byre instructedet t3 ubi BEL Puhv ACTOPEtIthON Mart,o Tuadraay's on 8 Mnay,A vhealu ealableLA efratemo16yrs atOtheEowTren of PITUES 0,cudn with siderablehsu exenedauponit inimroveents,aduergo maybogesvofwed and.artiulas had;, asoliato.2 Gharaway'e-row,lly Ware,o solicito,t t3, Blaclun-oree,Bruh n of the auctioneers.elonsre10,eewib Moudnt-street, Westminsterrand , aoot A-rs ociule No.. asle-tret,rpenter% nd-otherso.oe Friue 1J/ESR S HAR Y will SELL,AUbyIOrde of the ParLltexet.rs on Tuesnday. July 10, on the Poremse, superio mofDem FpuReNITaRE, drawin and dittning room feete beds buedding, p0sqaint-o ings,e books, wiene daogCetalgueyt be had en thae premises, and of'h teauctioneers, 32,Castle-street, olbmstadroad Les fCachm.-ke'sPrinLesondpaStolinTae MYIR. G STEA ANBw ill istreLL by thUCprON,iato LtheMat onL Monay JuneI30, at12sda, i onelyet, THRE hand-emes tNo.tenantseofgreto snresplabilty, atorentsamontinlganto S Hose.hand heldifor e ars unaexptred sufbetsto lo grouavCbnd ents Mlay betviewroedvoae by leveoftea de.5 Bedfris-row. leav ingtEnglanns to thEL btys AsyUmTIN,o thelt MondnsSexty, wuith3 rower, tho whoelli of the foerunds oetegCarity.UEO DFRI TOWNan CSEN ;opis ingstructoedrbywthe Coom fmittree hutso e roo AurntION, atpethe Martan, o inTusay. Julyss, anoth,r efethe.aOve viabew COLLEdy TIdontemmn offPICTU eS,indcludlnguespei obamesof nte_rmss n tth fle fteacines 7 Guri de-tet oCuonyan Chl-ollizer ax hye P usataullyerbnlt proftalen Mseold Froerty nthepris o CaaouSto .F.aexs Leedu-sn Eas.,nsolcor. X2, C arot-w,ani- CSS ArpDEntr,an WIThErs. 9 .an M ILLI hve ecivedEL bntuton oSL AUCTION,ION ath Ph3ark-tret on Fonday, June 30. at 12, foVNrick-0,buifet HOfSEadR WIDElPISE BOARlDig ptaorehus and MAHOANY p309yelowpne and5,6 spruce11 polanks,deal,et and batn,8 2,00 feet of, quartpaern,o30squaes ofe flooring,dr cut stuff,s wrork cinches sronsblinds,los wood old pranger, stoes, slatercistern abotn6e,atus, uDexi.e Tobe viewe zounSauda prier la botevitale,we cartaloguesmaybeha had on.Dthe proiss;indof the autioer Cardins ton-s Treet, Hsarpet;i ead-roa.Rift -dWle so14to 2. IG.nJE l'sEiTnies instruthed byt;an the tronretor Garidety,o Wnerafhlaors, and al& offes Iota Ofdfurnitu3re.Tepem, ises Valuable Freehold Esa&te, in the city of London, comprisng extensive premises, coverlng an ares of nearly 8,000 square feet, uipon which are erceted numnerouis substantia brick bunidings, consisting ot dwelling rooms, coach-houses, stabling, furriers' and carpenters' chopis, and the whole let at renta producing £A25 per annum. itR-C.GARDINER is instructed to SELL by ACIN. as Garraway's, Change-alloy, on Tuesday, July E,at 12, a FREEHOLD PROPERTY, known as the Saracen's Read -tm yar-d, situate in Camomile-street, Bishopsgate-street, having.-a lofty arched gatewray entranace. The premisesaRre veryextens:ive,"sd areast present let to various tenants, who pay the rents writh great regularity. For purposes of trade or for any wholesale business requirinog a large area, these premises are well adapted, and they have the advantag o bein within the city and necar the centre ofalltra g operations, The property may be 'viewed on application to Mr. lianly, on the premtees, of whom particulars may be had; also of Mr. Stacey, solicitor, 17. Blcoinsbsury-street; of Messrs. Warltems and Lovejoy, 55. Chancerylane : at Garraways: and of the aucetioneer. 17, Hatton-garden. 'UpperEast Slicen, Surey.,contigulous to -Richmond-Par and near th Mufrtlake anid Richmond Railway Stations. 11rSSRS. TOGHILL and JACKSON -will SELL iLLby AUCTIO-N, at the Mart. on Tuesday, July 2, at 1 o'clock p>recisely, intwo lots. by order of the ProprIetors. Lot lisa thoroughily well-built anid sincularly attractivedetached VILLARESmEDLY i the Italian style of archoitecture, and of elegant desigo, called Derby Villa, Upper East Sheen., Etauuinug on an elevated lawn, with tasteully lasd-outgrounds, meadowlsnd, pleasure and kitchen gardens, withlodge -entrance containing three rooms,&e., comprising about3 acres, Thle house contains, on the upper bDr, ten capitalweul-arrauged bed rooms. two dressing rooms (which have reoenily been newly decorated and fitted with marble mantelpieces and stoves), large nursery, baLth room,. and two water-closets; on the ground floor an entrance hall with elegant double staircases, a mite of three handsome reception rooms comimunicating or dividing at pleasure, bouseseep&s room. welfitled offices. &-c. sestibling, coach-bouses, and out-offices, Moderatel1 estimated at £200 per anaumn. Lot2. A valuable Plot of Iluilding L~and, possessing afrautoge of 303feet to tbe ipperroa4w, ta lepth 01270 feet, anad ceo3tadintg about 2j acres the road to which is Made: from its high and healthy situation, is of a first-class character for building Ipurposes, being a ligbt loarusy soil ens staSttum ofgraTeL The land-tax on both lets is redecmed, and there is a valuable right of comtmonL on all ithe commons of Wimibledon mnLior, of which manor bothL lets ace bolen,Evry aciit fo etrachila isrbenbthLodfte Near Holborn.-Leasehold state proajcln:£152 perannm,, JW. MORE M SE'LYYAUCTION, at the HOU'F.S iTg. to , i an fomFAiIlapvort,Coweross-strest, let at £162 . per atlu!tp, vpndoq paving rates. Term, direct frona freeholder, P0 yeams Ground retit £05. Fixtures included. Particulirs of Mdessrs. Scott and Cob,slctr,25, Bucklersbury; at the Mairt; and auctioneer's ofcesiHBeend-oad Comercial-road.-FRehold Resdene utbe o cuain. R.MOORE wil SELLb A CT N,ath HOUSE, with gruden n aketac hel iut,H.4 t fley-causeway; let to M,Aas erytnn wo txs,a £-5. Miatures includedi ucae atclr fS 'etc,.s. wolicitor, 235, Whitecae-od at n tteacine' oflicee, Mile-end-road Bet l een-Wcl-oennd et entof 25 Os.per -aunnm. R.M ORE awM SEL by A'UCTIOIN, at the 31lat nThursday, July 3, at12, a brick-built EEEIt-HOETSE. eligibly situxte, 2, lledford4ete-ace Old Ford-road,let on lease for 30 years, to MLr. Tellowes, a respansible tensant, whio repairs, at a -cear rent Of £30 Per annumn. Term 74 years: ground rent LI los. Par'! enlars of Messrs. Roy and Cartwright. solicitors 4, Lothhury ; aVttlo Mart ; and at the aucetioneer's offiecs Mtie-end-road. ljR. INOORE ilSELb A CIO ,ath ..LMart, on Thurxa.Jl ,a 2 aDELN~UE 1 Alfred-road, Harrow-od coMiig ih Ooshalwtecoe, fore-court, and yard.letoMsLo tti.tnnpangax er Q4 ve-ars, ground rent£, lursicue.PrclasfJ ob. son, Esq., solicitkor 29rnogrln;at teMr;adac tioneers offices, Mi.n-od Poplar, Middles=x,Freehold. Investment, giving a 'Vote frorthje MOORE ~~County. MOOR vFR SELL by AUCTION, at the LM%art, on Thursday. July 3 at 12. by order of theDev isee of Mr. Jerard, deceased, TWO DIWELtiKY-HOUSES, wvith yards, 13'and 14. Leicesser-street, Brunswick-street, Blackwall, let at £25 land-tasm redeemed. P'articulars of S. Prentice, Esq., solicitor, 235, WThitecae-od at the Mart; and at the auctionmees offices, ldie'eud-rd. Lisnehouse and t George' Es.FeodanLaehd ttes, producing £173 per annum,. elziblefrinetn. 11F.MO ORE wil SELL byAUTO ,a the AVJ. Mrt, on Thursday, July S, atl12, inz fouzrot.aPEHL HOUSE, 19. Feathserstone-buildings, Salmon'-ae ieos,lta LI1 12s. pr anum Also three eight-roomeitd Hue,2 .ad Back-road, St. George' east; let atX£5 pranm er yaa oroundrent £ each And Fve ouesfan Soccps, tinoChurd-road eah.Fiture inldeo n phsU ul rcases. i Paricular;o Ba D KisIoN. U 44 slcio,3, oe-tLawetMxle- bone, C leapsonde;at te Mart andl atem ath auctionteer's officlebo,eile-tn-rad 3,ter 0angoudet4s. Stx Horysebone4, 1otttandb16, Steckhmsro,and not,Lidmehoused . -LSee,l Vestment. ~ ~ ~ ~ grdn "Hllsret MOORE will SELL byUCtIoN aT thne Fole-steet Martebne.letOnLe aset whoe autirm, at Six ouss, 4, 5. nd 3. S. As'ssoa noTh, FAnd 1.2, and e. A CFtbriFre-hold Roytal-cesczent. Srrttin-hil, eld forlogtrsa Fecl;a~n,rentld£5 eterm load-Feehgold rent Laeblos;ada Houses AndFehll ad and ACI.1T,a GArrch of l.aonwThurailay, Jlet10 at32 g1frlun rent lotf,houe follo5s.g arch beshl FoRE5 Ears. atd Eapeper Hacrn.terartcular ewof C. E.t Freean, eqhousolctr an, stckle tebury-r atw the art:l andes Ntsthe auctioneendvr's oadcs, Ole-end t-road. ;an seestwod.nsear Cos.hIter7, Esszaeth-terrabce Fslmreeold Ettwo liaTh Manbedsion.esfo Splendi Gran B.d GLSoEo ful s remDs Pecnftfulby roanwoDnce obyPriactContlira.ps bycurars, marzbnobaneofMsr,ario andy Finch, I solicitors,t2, Gbeyis-inn-suare an of t hciuluE'rvdeot F'auctioneer 41,a torn.go-Wrthno b rdro h Eeuos 111 BSWRS. KELLYE andCo.ld SELL byAAUCIO JD2 atlfoarawaycl. on ThurTsday Juy 0.n rieat 2fr3 nd two lute. FOURTEFinEIludinCOtTAGES coplsoeasantl siooitdt twoClay-gate Esher- Surrey,rtlet to neely tenats at Brensadmouin toa £22 T lOedth sproltr,1 ahre Corown-squ ar. Baaorougah;at atherrawams,anr of the auctioneers. 71 Chaingh-ctro ess. ,tn H6ew crouselandold rKrniturcaad-reehodand Leasehold Hfouts~es.ve E.TH M S L SELL by AUCTION, at Graa'.a hrdy uy1.a 12 frl,s inallory, th. e fllowir-nga e,bon FRMond D arelidg iieASE- a 6,HOLDSEHIOLD VTY comUR .mprisingteey demsiartabersdnce, A7,a beatchads,io-tediato,ew-cress,ewithdchaise-house and stbleinthe, rear;seve houes,lobs ito7, llaseth-err cu,Aylroadn, twro bariing shop, prduciga entl of£255per nnu , pandte-ldylases ba orLn longterm, atlow ressd rets; ogeterithbrapitobl emailfrcaee eoxdhosie.no.to R , ChalTrles-trleet,-ad o, C o, Bum-sret-plae,_u Ch Rle OBreT.Aslu-rod,OldKNtrad.ee fay ourieedb -wermsionstrtons Htcamto Err,ate.hbycards oni) aond ayticuly 7shadoI precssrs,tBlakem andeSnow,aslicitrs,2, OLleehil CauInon-LAStEet and of tho auctioneer, 41,LChaoing-urong Spledid randand icclo fll cmpas Pindfred bypEoadwi poo double-ation Haps by Berd, Rar oniurn lsh tualndon- ten. f Wothin. btorde of the ExcutorWins. MIjUESS OR G ELL aNdGH Co.ill SELL, atth yNart Ju dzneT25.int. at 12 for 2 lc, p-rs f3 e tnd realzndrhancd3saiutg FORTES, inludingtalellcompass ronzsetoo ic olo aridtwo Uaxelean grd Sapeinanofres, oll nrsearly ew, byfroad woot. May ber viewe bthle Moder Houehol Furitur, Thee Panofrtes an Cllects removed from Gloceter-road. egethprk -O i alr.3, eese-ose n Monday evening,nxt June 23,. at 7peiey 0, SSOU SEHOL anD F.NTUI :. cOspIsIgAM viia andL Arbia bdtAds,TIrONdit, mat tresres, bVedklan beddin, an Mnayleveninwash and ier lasss, hndsoe paternBrus esarpests. rosewodcairs,e andhai-clth see o dnla tale, edebagls, librarytablcs,boocase chinadinne, desert.andra serices platd wae.and suitcen. requt-e VEyexellien Flor Mee,iholdiyverfrontage,o.5, (by rdeu-reofth Ae fr 1/R. MUROEL.L(ENYON hasL boo fACTOured with inJckstCoructionst ELL t h Mar t.an on l on nday, Julye 73 a. at on situa1leteand bren FLO.SCURlM,luuasinNrr-street, inth ctyotLndn.inieg et,andcaiet is nowrin the mos chmpreto staLrte of esulatoieshandhora-e mentl reair andmigt, i conertd inooficestrel ith ath leesastr10 per naso, Fo poricunre nd cnditonsofrcairapl atFenl the urt; to Frd. Crreit Ecq, eulcito, 24,Baeig IC.-,swtrit:ao toe reqRoit. Ilenrn, actioner, , Copbolicha lers,eCohavi-crt newardstOf Gmrocr. GEORGLE K IH w ll SELL,b aCTIOtheoMart, Aplron Tesdy roedthnsh.aford-erc_l. t(o realiz Hdanerstcobhill 12,itdourenoedsv-cstboteFU WITNES. icnsisingelotof Of wey's fourri's pale god, nd row Shrris b th fist Chambers ot Filp,ndags Co.' fis 5ar~iogChairrrne 40dozn o sueriorles Clare,an 10u5e brady,and12 oze ofIly wisk. Smrds ayd bre ait b play-e city.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~t To veHaelfieeeron Fmises OU.15 Paut rylHsoebole-sFreituregenttc. -OnRE Monay beenin next.oune 21, th itrueiosely.m JL*te ES cutr. of and la. CI. BX A Tho l S,mt ELL, byA - TIONAUCtIOP,eat theil,SgI Weekly Roamdns, r day. rev5enIng fnevaiou subecutedaus, riclysits,dul and malos ingletoiltuasendts, egn,an mrl,and erchd with ranisedtfgowes, insP e arian nd biguret us and Te igues terra-ctta and chmi'n,andor pts. reaindinumerouseitems forniture os above. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ kme apnags~diun Extnsie FourMils, ithrivr fontge,irs, b ore fthe prncpa r-ns - gagees.~ oro-tee. tcbnod 11/FR. MURRELL ill SELL by AitIOh tatte LTJ Jacks~ol Stehoree,ar-lne o unt ndsay,Jue 3,at2.inon lo, ABBtesveFOUR Mis S i sitruatedi Nro-ret ltolSELlfeAU , and thlle themCrown Mills. the premie Foure three soies high, haveeet latc oral-derblt frontGe orthe rive,an the mitdWiths tPRIN cesARTy machinery,eincluding a 14-horseesteamuunglue, four pairloftFrenchgburr stoers,tjumping,vlubolteap,oand dressinwegh!macahines, witell tetrquI sitlesfor arynen as lrgeta trade, held. uponlesasdve, ht~av3inguwad fofr 4msseg suneaniind, at a glroun mlwren,clthsMaydbecviewed. blPariular hadnoflC Tericltsaione,mroea, soulctr,17 Due-rtreet, anLcondo-bridge. woithalkl ate thels plaeoutfe sae pand ofMr. mil vl,prale, auctisoner,ge. 20ahorseowercity. talbUe,lned33iladot rhr ag sortmxentiv iofgu heAsitie, suogndy dhp-ittigs and aUth mstckl -aof Gtool.maue,ue s 'br a( teri-efAU ctIO N, be N puemnrtchser appargforom Hssnpstead-otdSt sale on nday.Jtunenst, atr 12,wilsoutrerere,theUR~TUg. iCaldinguezeeo dreprepour-ng onahgany dinng, ao, embrke, ard,andonther tabes, sofas,couthes errng-eat hir-eat ad oherchars chmne ad deggass Brsslsad tar apes,rus fndrs ir-ten,kichn tnsls P, Park-house5, Kensington.gome,Thse voeryocdieat Furniture, Chlimney and Console Glazsse of large dimensions, andRffects: also the capital Fixtures 111 ESSRS. REMlp have receiredI instructions fronm .IIthe Executors of Willam Evans, REsq, deceased,. to SELL, by AUCTON,on he Pemies,Perk-beam, Ressington-gore, on Thursday Jue 1. ns.folowngday. at 12 each day, the well-mannf.eerd- FURNITURE ad EFFECTS,including lofty fr-ot n,ad othr bdstads clanbeddig winged and other waedrobe, sofas, ese chirs ad te fttigsof tenumerous bed chamnbers, a drawing roo sute f cuchs.hais,easy ditto, loo, card, writing, and occasinltals twro hansom untuperior made rosewood bookcaes wmith plate-glass doom and wigdcbeffonier to correspond, escretoire portfolio stand. &c. In the fuigroom, set of extending-frame tables, sideoars, nd etsof hais, ibrry,wriingtable. winged andl siagie qusts ndr the usual efet Adofsn wthe Perpantua'fles,ttwoiron aru rolesAmlNN f-m,hand -lNreights,grdeneiesad toOts,r fieorSAngE tre,yn about 300CplONts inrts;as the Re finHureso eth emanson Mayhe viewedbte ADayO prirand th m rningst of nae.xCaaloguesronthe remies of th.e W orneentStaroft, Roq. solicitor,7 Go'Union-sMUar and ofirh amitsoneeth. 3 7. dha Jud -sre t,Bionswock-te astere. CIMZ Lne.rThek2dow.nbl codvwesn, witherpentua Presctotyioue,n. MromFdANu and sONtbl arie, ansrectedto ra foI SL bynW publi toUCtION, ath the Rwed aLienHtcel. Paetty or-, Cabig,onFia ex.Jn 7 at easfpsl ah feno th aluable mnta gr)W ound, wihuh rDtinigh aofuet 15andprpetual3 bofi Nofok diestant exelabt g mlesbrmte cIty- ofar boruidng, widthine CMil'edo tthe-Prenct Station on h theli EasigterneUnionmRailway and PiErmilrsofThewymndhtax5~0 on the vnisraecnrms Coemreus nine earssinc, togtherwithlargealeaure ndihear gardens orccomutd tth-ret hare f te arh,rakig heat n'Mee aboutw £30 pr nnm,Th lndta o te ivngIsreeeed TeOec tor hus iebeutfuly itat init on roudsner te huch The poplation(about210) isentirey agrielus,Te artw
