DEATHS. On the Sth of March. at Robe-town, South Australia, Eleanor Mary, the wife of Capt. Ci. R. B3rewer. late of the Royal Artillery, Governxnent Resident at the above place. On the 12th test., at Craigo, ilontroze. Thomas Carnegy, Faq., of Craig.-O On the 17th inst., at Burten-street. Wakefield, Mr. John Richardsoni, aged F8. On the 18th inst., at the Quadrant, Mount Radford. Exeter, Sarah only surviving daughter of the late Rev, Win. Gee, in the 2ist year of her age. On the 20th inst.. at Foltestene- G. T. Heald, Esq., aged 28, von of the late George Heald, Esq., barrister-at-law. On the 21st inst.. at Brompton-square, Broampton, Helen, the wife of William Leslie, Faq. On the list test., at Fariugdon. Berks, John Hale Barnett, Faq., surgeon of that place for nearly 1 0 years, aged 81. On the 21st inst., at Great Marlow, Bockinghamshire, Mr. William Bond,. in his 5M*1year. On the lId insl., at BouIogne-sr-Mer, John Robert Delafosac, Faq.. of Richmond, Surry. in his I7Is' year. OnLthe lid inst., at Havant, James- William Connor Walker, Erq.. solicitor, aged 19. on the li2d inst., at Greenwich, aged 18 years Charlotte, the muchlamentedI and youngest daughter of.NMr. it. Worth. on the evening- of Sunday, the 22d inst., from jaundice, after 11 weeks of intense suffering, which she bore with great fortitude and Christian resignation to the Divine will, deeply and sincerely lamented by all who were acquainted wvith her amiable virtues, Rliza Sopbia Sehuell, in her 758± yea-r the relict of the late Capt. John Stuart Schnell, of the 3d Bengal S.I., Sob-Assistant Commissary-General. On the 23*1 inst., at theAbbey, Bradford, Wilts, in his 78th year, John Edronds, Faq. On the 210 inst., Adelaide, daughter of John Flreeman, Faq., Woodlane, Falmouth, in her 17th year. On the 210l inst., at No. 6, Hyde-parlr-streetk Hyde-park, Sophia, the beloved wife of Samuel Cohen, Esq., agedI 66. On the 21*1 inst., at Portawoodt House, Southampton, R-obert H-anvey. eldest son of Robert Hlazel, Esq., late of Maidatoae, a brother betoved and friend deeply regretted. On the 23,1 inst., at 36, Seymour-street, Euston-squre, in her 51th year, Ann, wivfe of William King, of New Haywarud, Hungerford, Berks. On'the lid inst., suddenly, at 34, Hyde-park-gardens, London, the residence of M.%r. and Mrs.m Arthur MillIs, Lydia. Elizabeth. wife of Sir Theomas Dyke Aeland, Bart., MYP., of Kilertun. Devon, aged 69. On the 23*1 inst., aged 87, John Biuzzard, Faq..late of Bur-nor, fusser, andI formeriy,during many years, and inilunetial an highly respected inhabitant of the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, London. On the 24th inst., at Hawley. Hants, the Rev. John RtandlelL On the 24th nst.. at hisresidlence,22. Clairendon Villas, Notting-hill, Robert 3tajorlHolborm, Esq., late of 39, M1incing-lane, ag-ed 57. On the 24th last., at 11, Dover-place, New Keat-road, Miss Jane Biandfont. On Taesday. the 24h inst., at Broad Oak, Lancashire, Arthur, youngest von of John Hargreaves. Faq., aged?7 years. On the 24th iast., at hisq house, Courland-grove, Stoetkwell, Mtr. John Toms Stanton, late of the firm of Stanton, Brothers, Cannon-street, London, teadealers, aged 36. On the 25th iust., Ann, the beloved wife of Martin Mrayiard, Bo0rough' Southwvark. On the 25th inst. * at his residence, Chariton, near Woolwich, Commander Nicholss Tiosnouth. RN.'X On the 25th inst.. of bronchiti-, at his residence, 10, Fiusbury-pave mneat, Thomas Adams Tyson, Fa'q.. of Cannon-street. city, aged 49.
B RITISH LADIES' FEMALE EMIGRANT SOOIETY.-(N.B. Thi S c0iety does not promote emigrtion, its et is to promote the spiritual and moralwelfare of emigrants)I Tie SEVENTH ANNUAL SSEE'ING will be held at the Londrm ofices of the Society. 51, UTpper Charlotte-street, Fltzroy-auare, 'IRIS18IlY. .lne 20, 186. A}tTHUR; huLL&s, lq., will take the ehair at 3 o'clck. L U.0..bU DIOCESAN BOARD of EDUCATION. -The ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING will be held at 79, 1 all-mall, on Wedneeday. July 2, 1856. The Ven. Arcbdeacon SINCLA , Vice-President, wiU takethe chair At 2 p.m.. precisely. JOHN D. GLENNIE, Cledeal SWe. and Inspector. Tickets may be obtained at the office. 79. Pall-maU, and at Messr-. RVvinzctn's. Wterln-place. snn Mesr. Hatchard's. i'iceadilly. A FAN;(9Y SALE vill be held in Myddelton-hall, Is1iulwon, on Thursday and Friday. July 3 and 4, to assist in raising £500 for theprpose of erecting daTand Sabbath schoolrooms, incennexionlnvitb (rossstreet CbapeL Contributions in money or useful rlic!e3 w;ill he thankflly received by th,e Hionoray Secretarie: Mirss Davis. I6. Milneso M.are. .slitton: MlssaMaclaren 13 ParLk-terrace dIghbury. The Bazap r wiDl be open from 11 nmtil 80o'clack. Ad mission as. eazch: children acH.ompning their parents freo. j OME for GENTLoEWOMEN in REDUCED CIRtCUMSTANCES. 25and26, Queensqure.n Bloomshmpy-- s benevolent fnstitution, which accommodates 57 oldiet, Aould he early telf-supporttagif the original debt for its expenses of furnishiug for so erge a numtber could be cleared off. 16 friends, therefore, off2 r e10 towards a fnpd for thisosecial purpoe and if 24 other donorewill kindly contribute the same s um there will then he no impediment to JSe aucceasful operationls. Name, of donors will be thankifully receised by the sue-Tresn rcrg the Re fr. M f. *. L esigoan, ieAyn Alihallows the (reat and esta I,ondon. Susocripten d may also be paid to nesrs. R ans andeo., Ip Pail-all eas,.H. DOBBUI-v, See. QPRESERVATION of LIFE from FIRE.-The rANSUABU R METNG oE the ROYAL SOCIETYforthePROTECTiON of LIFE from Fa RE wiill behold at thesocietyofArt Johu-slre et, Adelphi, (by l;ind lieni ein of the Council,) To-norrow, the 27th of June.o His Grace the Dul;e of WELlLINGTON wlt take the chairat 2 o'clock; preciely. and present ihe Society's Medalion and other testimonials. Besides its rowards to persans distinguishing themselves in rescuing human life from fire, the Society now nadlo s 45 firoesap statios in London. ebach attended a night bsy a conductor. and during the past 14 months they have heen the mesns of rescuig 75 peesons Tickets of admissioa forwsarded in order of appc ation By order of the Comnmittee. SAhcPSON LOe , Jnm., Secretary. i PIRITUAL DESTITUTION of L19NDON and its IJSUBURBBS.-At a MEETING of the London Diocesan Church Building Society held at lYillisgs Rooms. on tronday, June 23, 1856:- The Archbl:-hop of CANTERBURY in the chair;The fol'owing resolutions were adopted:- Mloved by the Lord Bishop of St. Aiaph, seconded by Earl Povls; 1. That the report now read be adopted. Moved by Lord Robert Grosvenor, My.. seconded by Teh. T. J. RtowsellU 2. That, owing to the supineness of former times, and to the unparalleled increase of pol,ulation in and around London, theo remained notwithstanding the succecsful efforts of the last 20 years, parishes and districts of fromu 12.0GO to 30,000 souls under the nominal charge of ono incumbent, the great proportimo of WhOm aTO beig leftto grow u in wome thaniheathen ignoranc: and that i acity fhich is espeCially thoewealthiest in the vod, and which sends forth her missionaries to ureach the Gositl to the farthest parts of the eearth. MSoved by Archdeacon Sinclair; secended by Rev. W. W. Champneys. 3. Thatprovi,lentiaily thislamenthble deetitution at our own doora has attractld the attention o t:he chief landotners Of the metropolis, including the Crown. and has induced them to como forwardl with laudable muni ceuce for its removal; and that this is an example which it is the commoPoohulgation, ad therefore the bounden duty, of all their fe'dow. Christians to follow. Moved by Win. Cotton, Esq.: seconded by Rev. Thee. Dale;* 4, That thi9Meetin6 ieeplyregrets the s0vere ilnesswhich unhappiy on this occasion prevents the Lord Bishop of the diocese from p residing, and regrots it the more alter long experience of his Lordship's past serVices; andI that it desires, at the same time, to offer its most respectful and cordial acknowvledgments to his Grace the Archbishop for his kindness in consenting to talke the chair, and for his great exertions hin the cause of Church estension. Donations on day of meeting. .£153 10 7 Annual subscriptions ..11 6 6 £ ,200 The contributions of members of the Church of ECngland are most earnestly requested by the London Diocesan Church Building Soeiet-, to enable it to carry on the work of Church Extension. more^espe cially in the eastern parishes of the metropolls. The following are r ome of the cases for whicbs the aid,of the Soesety is urgentlyrequired- E'arisb. Population. Church Room. Shsoreditch .. 110,000 9,000 S-epney .. 81,820 5,200 St. John, Clerkenwvell ., 10.000 800 Clerkenwehll rest of .. 65C,00 8,000 St. Biotolph, Aidrate .. 14,000 ,000 Poplar .. 10,000 1,700 JOH SINLAIRI, Archdeacon of hliddlesex, Chairman, T. 13. GRE:ENE. Hon Clerical Secretar-y Office, 79. Pal-mal, London, Subscriptions wiU be received by the Tord Bishop of London ; at the ofice, 79, Pall-mall; at the Bank of England, to the accomnt of Edward Wigram and others; and at the following bankers' :-hlessrs. Drmmmond, 49, Charing.cross ; Mlessrs. B:oare, 37. Fleet-street: Messrs Coutts aud fa.. 59. Strand; *Mhessr. Hermies, Farqubar and Co. 10t Si, Jsames's-st-reet; Sir Samuel Scott, Bart., and Co., i, CavenTAib-i square;* also by Mtess Rivingtsn,Waterloo-place -M3esses, Hatchard and Son, Piccadilly; 1, Royal Exchange, und 16, Haover-street, Hanover-square. FEVER.-LON-DON FEVER HOSPITAL.-- F Patients admittod last year, 1I03; died, 173; expenditure £2.708 103. 4d. receipts. £2,165 Os. lOd!; defict £543 6s. _ 180 patientswere amitted tst month. The Committee earnestly solicit the SUPPORT of this Charity, or, it is evident from the large deaidt, that the Ho3pita cannot long De maintained in its usefulness. AIONTEAGLT, Subscriptions received by Sir Jno. Lubbock and Co., Messrs. Hoare and Co., Drummond and Co.. Coutte and Co., Hankey and Co.. Barclay and Co.; and by Chas. Hyde. Esq., Secretary, A3, Ely-place; and Mlr. Jno. Watts, 2. Albion-place, Barnsbury-park. I)OYAL ORTHOP26DIC HOSPITAI, for the tL% Treatment of Club-Foot. Spinal and other Deformities 315S Oxtord-street (removed from Bloomsburysquare).-His Royal highness Prince ALBERT. the Patron of this Hospital, wil formally OPEN the NEVW PREIIISES THIS DAY, the 26th inst., at 3 o'elock. Governors desirous of being present at the ceremony are requested to send early intimation to the Secretary, as the number admitted will necessarly be limited. £10 10s. constitute a LiTfe Governor, £5 5s. a Governor for 10 year, £1 Is. annually an annual Governor. Contributions thankfully received by essrs. Martin and Co., Lomhard-street; Hanbhry and Co., ditto; at the Union Bank of London, Argyll-place; andby the Secretary. at the Hospital. GEORGE KEMP, KAL, Chap. and Hon. Sec. BENJN. brASRELL. See. S T. MARK's HOSPITAL for FISTULA and oth(r DISFASES of the RECTUTl, City-road. Londou. President-The Ri"ht Hon. the LORD MAYOR. Chairman-GEORGE GLAS SANDEMAN, Esq. Deputy Chairman-JOHN GRIFFIM SMITH, Req. Honorary Physician-John Spurgin, Esq., F.R.C.P. Honorary Surgeon-Frederick Salmon, eq., F.LS.. P.S A. The Committee urgently APPEAL for publie support to enlazze the sphere of uzefulness of this greatly needed Charity. The Hospital can accommodate 50 inmates, whilo its income is ina equate to maintain 24beds, nowin constant use. An inspection of thelnatition, the prac. tice of which has been open gratuitously aice its foundation to tho medical ublic, is earnestly sollcited. The folowing contributions during the last week re thanfully knowledged:- Grey, the BightHon. Sir B. V. R., per John Mua- Geo,, Bart, Executor Iterman, Esq., M.P. . £1i00 0 0 of tiselatoJas.Adam 5 00 I Goodv 5... a 1 10 Gordon . .. ..£461S 7Peek, ., Esq.. I. 11o Moss, John, REq. .. S O OWatson, the Rev. Wm. 1 10 Subscriptions and donations wil be gratefnuly received by the Urea.. surer, John Masterman, Rsq., MY., 35, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-streetor by the Secretary, at the HospitaL JAMIES FULLER WHSKIN, Secretary. St. Mark's Hospital, City-roadL London, June, 1856. B JSHOPSGATE WARD.-At a WARDMOTE B holden before the Right Worshipful WILLIAM3 TAYLO1. COPELAND. Alderman of the Ward. on the 24th day of June iest. attheWartSchool House, Peter-street, Sun-street, within the saiWard: Mdr.StephenClarkeNorrn, ofBlomfdeld-street,wasunanimouslyelected tothe Common Council for the Ward of BiBhopsgate for the remainder of the year 1816, in the room and stead of Mr. Richard Capel Lambe, deoeased; and it was unanimously resolved that aletter of condolence, expressive of the begret and sympathy of this Wardmote on the death of ir. Ribchard Capel Lambe. lately one of our representatives of the Ward of Bishopsgate in the Court of Common Council, and for many years an inhabitant of the Ward, signed by the Alderman of the Ward, should be sent by the Ward Clerk to the Eurviving members of Mrr. Richard Chapel Lambe's family. And it was resolved. That this Wardmote, recognizing the zeal and ablity with which the Right Worshipiul Willam Taylor Copeland is ever ready to perform hi, part as the Alderman of thim Ward, dosire upon this occasion to testify the hIngh respect and esieemwvhich they entertain for his person and character, as w ell as *o expressO their than'sG for the efficient manner in wvhich he has presided over this Wardinote. Bsy order of the Wardmote, EDWARD Si. CLARKE, Ward Clerk. TTHITED~~~~~L SERIC J.STTUTONNA SViec.i V Yard.-LECTURE, FSriday, June 27, at 3 o'clockc Pgrsiy}W. p;T.g A ESgF., on the THIEORY of the Ff^aGHgT of ROCKES By order of tho Counei3, Mfembers may admt two friends. L..1L J. rONA, Se. CITY of LONDON CLUB.-The ADJOURNED ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of thoeMembrs wvi be held at the Club House, in Broad-street, on Thursday, the 3d day of July. The chair to be taken at 2 o'clock precisely. June26, 1856. . O. T. EMB LE, Seretary. A RUNDEL SOCIETY.-The SEVENTH AN- NUAL PUBLICATION is now ready for membets who have paid the subscription for 1855. viz.:- 1. Four Wood Engravings fronithe frescoes of Giotto iu the Arena Cliate Nos. 23-26. 2. Notices of Sculpture in Ivory, 4to., containing Mfr. hL Digby Wyatt's lecture of June 29. and Mrl. Oldfield's catalogue of the facsimiles of ancient ivory carvings in the Society's collection, with nine photographs. by J. A. Spencer, in a cover designed by Mr. D. Wyatt. N.B. The facsimiles may bo seen at the office, an, are soldin classes to members aud the public. Annual subscription £1 IsL 24, Old Bod-street. JOHN NOR3TON, Secretry. R2OYAL AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Cin- Pntren-H1s Royal Highnoss Pinco ALBERT. President of Council-Earl BATHURST. Principal-Rev. J. S. HAYGARTE, hLA. - PROEFB>SOIIS. Ass. Chym1stry-,J. A. C. Voolker, Ph.D.. F.C.S. Zcology, Geology, and Botany--Jas. Buckman, F.G.S., F.L.S. Vetennary Medicine and Sargery-G. T. Brown, MLR.C.V.S. Surveying, Civil Engineering. andiMathematira-F. Armstrong, CXE fanager of Fsrm-G. Austin. The next Sessionrill begin Augnst11. The annualfees for boarders vary from 53te 80 guineas, according to age and othercimstncesthe fee for out-eta dents is£40 per ainum. The College course of lectures and practical Instruction is complete in one twelvemonth, though a longer courseis recommended. Prospcmtus and information can be bad on appllcation to iho Principal. R OYAL COLLEGE of PRECEPTORS.-The Ht3ALF-YEARLY GENERALe METNG of the Mfembers of this Corporation w.ill be held at the offlces, 42, Oueen-equare, Bloomsbury, on Frday. the 27th instant, at 2 oeclock. The address wIll ho deLivered by the Bev.Williai Taylor Jones. M.A.B.l,LCY.Vlce-President of the Cou ncil. _ JNO. PARKERC Secretary. K ING's COLLEGE London.-Tho OFFICE of LECTURER on the iEfNH IANGUJAGE and LBITRA. TUBE being VACANT, the Council are ready to receive applicatiops from gentlemen desirous of offering themselves for this appointment. Forfurther particulars apply to J. W. COIuI:NGHlA, Sec. June 14, 1506. HYDE-PARK COLLEGE for YOUNG LADIES, S1, Westbourne-terrace. Visitor-The'ight Hon. and Right Rev. the Tord Bishep of LONDON. President-The Right Hon. the Earl of CRLSLE K.G. The THIRD ANNUAL MEETING wil he held at the College, oil Friday next, the 27th of June inst., at half-past 4 o'clock, to receive the annual report, and to trasact the business appointed for such Meetinug The Rev. A. S CAMPBELL, M.A., V.P., intho ebair. Parents and pupils admitted on prosentimj their visiting eard. By order of the Committee, .. .. THOMSON, Sec. FliRINITY COLLEGE, Glenalmond, Perthshire.- . An ASSISTANT MASTER will be WANTED, at the comimencement of the next term, lriday, September 5, to teach drawing, and also to aid in teacbing French. arithmetic, and writing to the youngest classes. A knowledge of music, though not indispensable, would be a further recommendation. Appilcations to be made to the Rev, the Warden, without de'ay. W~7ISBEACI GRAMMAR SCHOOL,.-The V SCHOLARISHIPS fronthis SehooltoMagdalen College, Cam- I bridge, of £70 each per annum, tenable for four years, are now OPEN to at ppils"wh shll hve eenbrouclht UP there byv t-he space of thre eaU s."~ iant whoEto U the directions of a decree from the Court of Chancery and a new Echeme from the Rolls' Court. For terms. do., addsese the Rev, the Hiead Mfaster. L ONDON ORPHAN ASYLUM.-S. J. HUM- PHEREY retums her sincere TEEANXS to her numerous friends for their votes, by which they have retuned her son.-2SdJune. 1856.' L ONDON ORPHiA ELECTION.-W. JENEIN- SON begs most respectfuly to return his sinere THANKS to the Goremors, Subscribers. and his jFriends generally, for their kind asistance in securing the return of his orphan nephew at the above election.-4, London-waUl, June 24,1850. L'IREEMIASONS.-ROYAL ARCr APRON, Sash, s and elegant Jewel, for £3, best quality rent age free, on - receipt of post-office order, by Brother J(l N1eOTU THERlHE, the masonojeweiler, 198, Fleeet-eet, London. Priceo lsts of all Inde of masonic jewels, tc., sent on applicaton. N.B. The trade suppled. TI~ELESCOPES.-J. AOO's IMPROVED WAIG-STIOE TELESCOPE will ahow objects 16 mies distaint, (weight 12 ounces); also a powerfulTelesope fortheatoat lescopes . aecond-hand Astronomical Teleseop,e, wfith garden atas1L to boSold, ressonable, Address Joseph Amaiko, 7, Thro8meeteng THE BRIIGHTON HOTEL CONIPANY (Limited). T-Capital;£5,0100,in5,L010 shares ofX£10 each. Deposit £2 pr harem 1Os. per share te be juid wvith the application, to be returnel in full in cfee no allotmei)t of shares shall be madle. Under the New Act for Liwltinig the Libiblity of tharebolders, by which Act no subscriber will be liable besond the amount of his shares. (Sealg and 19 Via.. cap. 133.) TtSES Lord ThomasPeihain Clinton, Cleveand-equare, Hyde-park. John Humphery, Req., Alderman ot the City of: London, Clsaphans- Common. Willizamarinsep, Esi., Xin3's Arms-yard, city, and Hide-psrk-place West. Dicectera-(To be appointed from among the shareholders immediately after the allotment of sharm). Auditors.-(One to be appointed by the Board of Trade, the other by the shareholders). Solicitor-Tames T. Vining. Esq.. 2, Moorgate-street. Bakers-5fessers. Prescott, GroteWand CD_ 62, Threadneedle-atreet. Brokers-Messrs Field, Son, and Wood Warnford-court, Thrognitr- ton-street. Arclhitects-31essrs. Allen, Snook. and Stoele. Duke-street, Southwark. Offices, 26, New Bridge-street, Blaclcfrsra. This Company is formed for establishing an lhotel at Brighton. to meet the wants of the vistors to that fashionable place, and to afford accmmodation to the residents at areasonable rate, A moderate tariff willbe published.aundthe hotel placed onsuch afooting as tobeLwithin the reach of most classeszofsocilety. A manager ofgreat experienceha been provisonally engaed. A beautiful buiilding has been secured, which wil be completed in time for the Brighton season. The siteselectedis theilnest In righton, at the junction of the east anad west cliffs, commanding a meet splendid view of the sea., and the back facing the Old Steyne. The hiouse is so construicted that nearly ev-ery roomx overlooks the sea. The yste ofmaaemet an thearrngemntswill be essentially The ote wil afordam~le acomodaionfor persons desiring priyateapatmets, nd lsocarthos wh deireto save the expense of priatesitingapatmets.Disinc clsse ofrooms will be providecd, onefo inie aone ad he thr or adesand gentlemen. Thera arrangement, wtmoetecharges, wil hr a en ob,induos hundreds wh o oto lodgings to stop permanenl at ti hote during theirwoesa at Brighton. That stuch an arrangement was required is evident from publicopinion as expressed in the public journals. It is evident that nowhere in the United Kingdom, nob even in London, is an hotel conaucted on reasonable principles more called for, and where the openiug iB so large and succes maore certain, than at Brighton. In France, the ITruted States, and Germany, the joint-stock system has long since been applied to hotels, with the meeBt absolute success. in those counitries men of the hilghest social station have aasocia%ted themselves w-ith hot,el companiest. This example leanrecently been followed in England; the Groat WVestern Hotel at Paddingion. and the Lord Warden Hotel at Dover, arc joint-stock concerns, and the success of beth these concerns has been most decided;- the former is realizIng3f1per cent, per annum profit-a rate ialmost unprecedented in any other businieps undertaking. An unusual feature in the formation of rtbis Company is the arrangement for the appointmsent of the directors from among the shareholdeers immediate,ly after the allotment of shares. In the, mea-n time the moneys will be paid to the bankers to the account of the Trustees. and calls willuot he mnade more frequentlythan every threemonths,aud not exceeding zQ per share. The Comleany will be reitered withx limited liability as soon as the sum of £5,000 has been subs3cribed, Prospechsses and forms of application for share may be had from the Secretary at the offlcos 26, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars ; from the solicitor ; from the brokers to the Company, Messrs. Field, Son. and Wood. Warnford-court, TZhrogmortoni-street; and from Messrs. Freeman, Cornford, Black, and Freeman, Brtighton. IForm of Application f or Shares. To the Promoters of the Brighten Hotel Company (Limited), 21, New IBfidge-street, Blackfrins. London. Gentlemen,-I requestthat you will allot me shares in the abovenamed Comnpany, and I liereby agree to accept the sad shares, or any less number wihich you many alot to me, and to pay the depoeitthereou, and execute the deed of settlemuent of the same Company when requested, and I eniclose the banker's receipt for the lOs. per shar required to be paid on application. Dated tbis day of 165. Name in fallA............ Rtesidence.............. Occupation.............. m HARROW FREEHOLD LAND TONTINE, TtHo be established under a Deed of Settlement to be enrolled in the Higho Court of Cnancery.-Capital £S4,00&, int 4,0O0 shares of.£21 each, payable by instalments, PROVISIONAL COMMAITTEB of M1ANAGESMET. Edward Samuel A.lderson, Fsq.. 2, New-square, Lincolu'e-lnn Vice-Admiral Sir Andrew Pellett Green, K.O.H., 9, Jame3s-treet, Bnckingliam-gate. Joseph Henry Good, Req., 21, Upper Hasaiii1oni-tennee, St. Joan's- weed Jasner W. Johsns, Ilsq , Laurenice Fountusy-hill, Cannon-street William Ghrimes Kelt. Esq., 112. Westhourne-terrace, Hyde-park George Henry Smith, Esq.. aELCL.S., Cleveland-sQuare, Hy-de-park, Frederick Ha e Thomson, Esq., 4, Cisrges-street. Piccadwly Edmnund White, Esq 59 York-terrace. Regent's-park. Auditors-William~ iiturand Esq., 13~ Old Jewry-charmbers ;Joseph Radford, Esq., 22, 6G&Neser,road, Begent's-parlr_ Bankers-Thse London anid Westminster Bank. Architect-C. Ociavius I'arnell, Esq., 50, Pnll-mall. Surv'eyors-Mtessrs. Chinnock and Galsworty 28, Regent-street. Solicitorsi-Messrs Pickering, Tomp~son, and C., 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln s-inn, Secretary-John Bennett, REsq. Tempornr Offices, 35, Ludgate-hill Immediate Advantages without risk. The p-romoters of this Tontine have secured a-valuable estate, con-. sistng of 163 acres of very surerior freehold lnud, in the county of Middlesex, forming part of the Headstone Domainx, n1 minlafrom Londoni, andcontiguons to the Harrow Station on the London and NorthWestern Railway, with the view of building thereon villa residences, of the yearly value of £50 each and upwards, fit for the receptioni of wealthy residents and respectable familfies of mederate income. whereby it in estimated a return of £0 per cent. per annum will he secured upon the capital en,ployed. Residents wil lab entite to the valuable privilege of Harrow SchooL which is withini an easy walk of th& estate, and the London and North-Western RtaUway Company offer to thos persons whlo shall erect homses of approved elevation on this estate, and of the annual value of £50 each and upwards, one fret-class free pass between the Harrow -station and Euston-square, for the occupier for the thime being of each of such houses during a period of fl years. Water in abundance and of most excellent quality is obtainable within very few feet of the surface of the laud. The shareholders will be entitled durmn= the lives of their respective nominees to share in the annual prfilts of the undertaking until sevenleighths in number of the lives origisally nominated shall have fallen in, whben the entire property of the Toutinse wil be divided among the then remaining shareholders and until such division each shareholder will have a chance (if he shall think fit) of becoming an occupier, at a moderate rent, of a villa to be erected on the estate, and of obtalining without cost the possession of a free raila amas befoemn tioned, and ilkewise of enjoying the privilegeswoaf Haro Shool. Ever Shareholder will be entitled to nominate ens life, of any age, for eac share subscribed for by him. or be may isubscribe for several shares on the same life ; and the Directors Wil be restrained by the Deed of Settlement from incurring libilities beyond the amount of the funds for the time being available for the purposes of the Tontine, whereby the Shareholders will be secured against all risk beyond the amount of the shores subszcribed for. Applications for shares may be directed to the Secretary, or to thle Solicitors of the Conmpany in the form. herto annexed, andadeposit of £1 for everu share appiie for must at the same time be paid in to the Temple-bar Branch of the London and, WestmiasterBanL, which will he retiured to the aeplicant with respect to such shaLres as shall alotted tho whole of such deposits willbe returned without any deodationswhatsoaver. The resdue of the sum payable on the respective shares shall be paid by ontlyinsalent o £1eah, o.be aiilaedfrom the date Of the allotment thereof. preium ad wic inurnce my b efecedat teOdleoes of theo los, wilethe wil ejoythechace f ginig alarge profit upon Form of Application for Shares. The Harrow Frehold Land Tontine. Be pessdtoallt m shres of£21each in the above-men. the Temple-bar Branch of the London and Westmise-ak n -Dated this dayeofOo135u. To the Provisinal CommitteeofoMaeagoment Name in full. a, ad o Picoet- ofod orErsq anesdcet may bhe maditue paal of Chaleg Wardo, minster Ball,ken21 uStrand Drand mopcue,wt ln.myb h Wied 3acmnd th Esqort of. Hse-parchitetan suveorsmabeio pctd atob S th CMp anys Cumbce.ln-erc,Rgets ,Lno Mna Juestalsed atene Cognsu, Atreprl015,aaSolienCmu. herea Fte int aer Doirseou dnn-e Capiortal £10 006ao, inr 2n,06 share Gdrat-Cllinwoo I,.Woo Ric-, ow Esh-a., Durha, andof Hetton-hall, ~~~~ence-rouustree Durham W. acknno. Eit- MP, Hde-arkplae, Lonondn TheoRgeeahor Csoal 27, ngoorgat-eteet Lonsssdon 2cncin Lidge~~~~~~~ beaens that N. sidoges dos immediAoate proilge th, aW erie Consultrin t e slngineertaJohn awkhrotand RDq.,bCg, Fndl oh Bainkerhsoa-Messrs. in, Milles.ead Co.,h LWhombrd-t reet,R ay Lon on. Solicitor-essrs.dSwifthaned Wag teta Goremi tatGeorge- xstreet,hest Broers-Mssrs Branaggs and ectomyle 6, transport ao thstreetLodon adthe Ruhrort CoalMnn Company wisposessyhaed of e 12cncssionf in th valey ofthe uby, buttngonthe thine teha lusseldorf,l grea demndror coal1 ando the iibtandr qvalue o th(le neighourin colieies a wel s bresonofthe~ at rcen baoring s o ec ofd the 2 cncesionhav pryed he xte thand ualy;o the seastof of the Prussian Governmenmgoret.vour be ee tht,besde it imedat prxmntytothenavoigabletriher Ruby to he sip ptag ortsof Rbrfrran tuhebuigs aend toth Rhin, tis oal-cldis ravesedby he theor cBranc heRailay,s:o main(lie ofthegrea chin ocotinetalrailways, 0 Conequently and te RurortCoalCompny wll e pec viaydae theal meapnsMo theliesofth Prssanan DtchRalwys wic ame gwthe eve of ein copleed ndof ein coneced og ther clds h payentof nteestat 5 per cent, per aunum until the worksi am in operaton The 1 Conessions (Musthungen), extending over mnoos than 3,000 Engishb acres hare been purehased, under the Company's statutes, for t'he sum of 500,666 Prussian thalems, or about £809,000 sterliag-viz, £3O,ODO'i cash and£50,0600in shares. Indepeudently of the purchase of the rt rty, there has beeni alreadY expended upwards of £20,00 towad te winig in the purchase and erection of machinery, and in maaking ooaaderA'bl progress in the sinking of the pits. Itis onusidered that the collieries willbe in fcul workr, and with the before-mentioned pcnayresults, before the Ist January, 1157. As the 12 enessions (Slithunge of whichx tte Company his become posssssedinitef h ucase. are of sufficient extent for fourdistinoctolieries of about 800 acres, yielding from200.000 to ROAOQ tons of coal per annum each, the Company has a fair prospect of hereaftecr sel1ling or leasing its firet colliery, if thought advisable, or of making an arrangemnentsimDlar toseine that have already been made In the vicinity, so an te repay its original capital, and to leave a balance sufficient to establish new collieries on one or more of the remaining portions of the ComDany's coal-field, which Wil be all the the more ad-. vantageous as no further cost will be incurred for purchase. Inathe meantime the dividend set forth in the engineer' reports inaa be safely anticipated inasmuch as the calculationawere made in Apdil 1654 and before the great rise in the price of coal. The committee feel themselves warranted in holding forth this undertaldcig as one calculated to produce great advantages. There-fore they will oily allot shames to parties of known respectability, and-who Pay the amount of £2 per share on application. The statutes and agreements under whichL the Company will act, and the detailed plaus and reports, may be seen on application at the offiens inLoudon. Applications for shamsz may be maade ini the annexed form, addressd to the brokers, Messrs. Bragg and StOockdale. 6, Throgmiortont-street, Londont; or to the Secretary of the Ruhrert Mining Company, at the offices, Ii, Threadneedie-street ; but no application will be entertained unless a deposit of £2 for each share applied for be previously made 'With Messrs. Glyn, Mills, end Co.. the bankers of the Company. This deposit wrill be returned in the eveat of the application not being acceded to ; aud. if an, allotmenrt be made, it will be applied towards the payment of the £5 per share Apjslicatian for Shares Ta be addressed in the sublsined form to the Secretary, at the Offices of the Company; or at the Brokers. MessBrs.agg and Stock-dale, 6,, Throgmorteni-street, London. Sir.-l request the Committee of the Rtubrort Coa&lMining, ComDauf ~to alot me shares, of £5 each andl hereby agree to accept thtn same or nyleanumer wichmayb alltedt me,andto pay the reminlg£4pershre nalotnest adintheevet o m failure heren, Iherby areeto frfei tA depsitnow adewith the Bankrs o theCempny~ndIssthoiee outo cancel the allotment. Address.-............. .. . . . . .. . . . 1~IGUT HOURS at the SEA-SUD)L--BRIGIETON and BACK for Xe Sd., In wyvered third-clam crigs J.anda andMonday. at9 2a..from London-bridge Slatlen, sftwentiurnig fro Bigto at 7.30 p.m. is. 6d. ramt clam I Is. d. second clsaw: Sm. Wd. coveored third class. These tickets nay be.obtained previously, at any time, at the London-bridge Terminus, and at the Oomanigua oities, i on-bridge T 7REDEEICK SLIGHT. Seometay. J~HSEA-SflDLE-The CHEAP EI1.E~SS of teTJ&TH-RASTIMW RAILWAY now maake the attatiebathing places on the Rent Coast Peculiasty aocessible.- Three Express Trains run daily (=dudja exceped between London and RamrBsgte (for Broadataira), Mlargate, Cantteroury, Stitre (for Hre Bar), Dea,l (for Walmer Castle). i,t &2,d clam lstelasorly. Iat,2&k 3d elaw. FromLondon-bridge 12.30p.mn. 230 p.m. 4.45p.3m. Aro Macgate .. 10.30 a.m. 2.10 P.M. 4.0 p.m. Single Tickets. Day Tickets. Ist class, 2d clavs. 3d claas 1sclaaL. dclais dc.els,4 loOMM s. is. - .. 17a. 6d. 12s.6d. - Up ..40) lOs. Is. ks 17s.6d. 12A.61. 3s5d. ~'h da tiket ar avilalefor the return joiurey on the day folTh 230tris wllpefomthe journey between Ma'-te and Loindun In thre hours. . W. EBO= &air,MRnaer. L tondhonWemius, Mngay2. 12 Strdy22tJ6. a XC facilities for visting Torbay, Brixham, Dartmouth, and the Souith Coast of Devoni. calling at Weston-super-Mare Bridgewater, Taunton, Tiverton-road. Exeter. Crediton, Eggesford. douth Molten, Instow, Barustaple. Bideferd, Starcross, Dawlish. Teigumouth, Torquay, Totnets, and Kingsbrldge-road : and will return on Monday. July 7th, from Plymouth at 6.Oam. Bidleford at 6.0 a.3n, and from intermnediate stations as per handbills. Covered Paues there and back.:-First Clasm. Carriages. Weston-super-blare sudBridgewater.. 2Ss. 1ls Taunton or Tiverton read . 22a. IOS. Exeter. ... 24s. 18s. Creditoxn, Eggesford. South Molton, Instow, Rarastaple, aud Bideford ..SOs. 0. 20s. Stareross.Dlas-iish. orTeigasuouth .. 25s. 17a. Torquay or TotneLs.21k. 18s. Illymouthor Kiogsridge. 3s. SO.09 Llhnrenundr 1, hlf-rimTickets not transferable, and only available for the trains specitied. Por fuLrther partirulas ree handbills, to be obtained at the Paddiugton Station (where tickets may be previously obtained), and at the Great Western receiving oelles. for the conveyance of passengers, goods, and pacl.Time-il of the trains mnay be procured at any of the GreatWe_stern - stationz on and after Thursday. the 28th instant. By order of the Directors. June 24,185.1 6. . A. SAVI'DERS, Secretary. G REAT WESTEN RAILWAY.-IDSTJM[- esr,Langllen Isad Wrxand Cheste.BrehaadLvr po-RISWllnW lave Padntno odys-ue3,Jl hanbils Wrex:brunham, an .adO. d;Ws Bonib Wenebuy.ad Cilto, lb ud nders. 1ovr2 mtn 2e d Llanolle.roa. WrxFarsan Cheser Secoand Clas. Bhird-eaeas toYarouth Lowetoft Norwic . Cabrde. ko.O Sauday Yarmouth 7 20 20 ars ther ad back. Loweswft 7 30 FirtCasSendCa.Thdls. Arriyvting45a..than. ro Londonevrs.ndy. s 'ahr825am L 7am,E 1.5 ",adCambridge abu 20 81 0 4 nomwich . 540m tme vAIsih 3odr Yaprmouth . 720' ofic -200psat,Jue 150 10 Andbyth 6a.45nm.tan fromay Londnevr Su,nday,r una ut The ticeswl be aPEaIlAbLe forA wlev the reur isureyonlysythe Stration Wty m.udhae3 6.2 Harm.,Lyn 7am. Elydc 10.1 hamk.Thard-Camsbrdge and Hathe Wednep.ay oraWedngersday whseek-ufolowin the daye ofasse Passenges fro Loeaheweetnt YEaouth, andorpcbth ma eablsogtretur ton rthez Tubdy oihr Toutesadayfekfolloing them danoprty of isu yatrin cning ath sae roatim seseryvi th rpa ivec Owel Superintendent's office, Bishopsgate, Jutine,11. Tuye order. U~ASERN OUNTIES RAILWAY.-ADay ath fur ne ntlfther notice, a PC ,TRI illAve th TIsOpEate Stationo atham. faurperstons Hoe--rI oric aumeri and istbaack p-irgerass the ascengrduclas ed firest-ls,7.S eunn from LopontoLicSTT Yatm7p.m., adHarwich, at 7op.m. Passnger byck this effording ies tane boator tuirkts atvis.tn tea abvetwen amwdwatrnd Ipewach wthu tenaptlogthof toreturnin by eithe routhe, andverffordin theim aincldh opportunit ofx view ingor the romaticta from ofe dthe rfivrOwuel Noe hluggagce.alwd ydr Superintendents iyalofbe, ihWoprgane Sttin.Jue, ofe856.U prt 1st a ofvue, untaseils ofjurtheysdr notice,2AMILysa TICfEtS (or not lessndthan ou persjouna, foerewic anumberac rtcks.asngrh comprtment ofu a carriages acmay beaeccuedl arle issueed at thedfolraerwcs for thajo une berort an dbckthsafrigfileanop- retrng byrhe panyioflthe adverltise train (iipncluding. atheexrem onmor biefor theway 2 ishdyfom the dateiofase uParines deahtes-onfrom Bisondont Staoetiofton amot.n hack-scond-cAss, s.; fis-ls,By.Hrho D Ovrcourt.n bc-eONd-ls,is;frtca, TLUY nf ~SO,TCilden uDe R2yArs o age half-price.rtenoic.tep-en3.2pu Extr tiets Gay AVoESaEo Ne WMember ALfERcDfto4yparty second-class erILourney tere andaback thes tlkearent trase TRable. RI nwleTn LDo Horse andcarriges ccomanying families TreI convbeye &gatrdched ratefortheoursy her anibaURCLA eeal.ngr tisHLlwayn, Junheagae4iation Serteadnslch . Bithshodegatey Satioe n, ftremrh~o May, 1 8 5 5.Bisanheay1 Oruiner. TILE URY, an SOUeTFie& D adpRiAI e pulic re rS.ecTilirferd thtonondafe EXrouSSan TR Ir o ChaiErN) il b0W]e oeaLT geReDt raemp adaiy SunayinclusCoed.e Fohrcmasoftenet Station bue 2a4,18liaio5 o 8. ane,Strs G ReseaT No TER RAL Y-n and after Mna,teSt fJn u edr as bestheistnul nddessdt, the THrotaGy atAI nowk sled,a Lndonake iTengers-coros Stoties,"at or1 abe.for te M nORTH, welthnjlyb epaee aT 2l Dietrsm. o bn hesl StoMO cRCLRty thenlows tanager. Lonon, Rintsaunes StatiByonde, Jue24W0. RE,Sceay LAOTHEALYERAILWAYLWand-OCK COrectors of -The North-EasofternrilapaCmpay are prepared to reeive eN TEDERS for theNndemrtgae,ntiNepedrT cez,t such quanufrtitiesea thfiey mayresr.-fo Apiatheo1staofeJulyet0theu aestiof eebe.1- 8 deliv der ateCompany's seto rehussHt waRie GLASCOhIad,YSec. Leeds, orA Hull.OOSIG o Paymet foreachmonths deiveryat t ez endo threCeymonts,ior cash, deductingdisconaitsarequrtd 3. ailay eys FnceRaiing 8,Tie HCOOPs R ece -4 is Wrought a endC hastIo Chair 10.2 BeOpeS and thgera Hempan andle LSiceefot Cttteltordaglye. tot UV Frmstof wratenvder mabe horardd toth aphatibonltomsrwos Barnes,ores Gteheadn oeng and afgiteredMondy the bD0th of June; Cmandyedrsms beaut n,adresedrofthe Serear, atYo. scld AnD Smtarked FaThediRirecorsdo hot sebindtermsevstoaccep thNowes edr Yoroad24th et o n June. B 2ode, 2W. O'BRE,Scea VLADELAY RAILWAY aOnd DOCKCOMPAoldY. Copay-Tahe Dretinorsof thihCmany are prepared to rCESIvNeltEN DIncSt thrLeseo mhrseortae atVv.Epe cet, pher annum,z ofo threeCm orvy,eaors3.pew Bioad-tioeety. mandeondalbewn the underigned Byan oradth oder s of the sesaesaDhroyrqirectr, RCADGAC dIE, Sxe. SHu RE th smeo To.broetheapplicationsJfor shaesxnthe Cteylnrail-th way ompny hvin aleadygretly xcededthe prdcapihtal resured RAISSESTIIAN RaILWAY ~ COMANIWY --NOti madei uothereby ivenstha thes TRmANySHae bOOKby off thisComanyi will be CLOED from th lot tonththeth of J ly next, frth turoe of mkin uptheinteestaccuntto te 3th f rJnte, 15 to heminte lQ n bryg oTsermifs thne 21.ard, DS. SILNOA, Secretary. East uldia Hactollay- house,uAderma nornswatk, onew &Uas Brd Load-setraie et,pLndon,tune2, 1858.tlacoit6topoa itaes of slharesnte thrd Exptension caital ofethebMadras Homallwayh compainyo nrew herebinored sthateo the DoEED -of AC SIO rfelat-gth Ing cthothse sae olie for haeces whATgiRE pat athentone tof the Compan, t. 33.er iNformtoadfstrdedt,Londonal Brbetweenm thehus efof-o 11anp8ondh stherhodes ofJthesesharesar herobyr,Cequire-dto,ee cuteadthesae on ortbetos hedISt a fJlynx,ohews h Parie excuingte D0eedcwil be5 reqird to prdc heanker's3 reay ROrPeiERTY. mBy oreatl ofaeiaeterojob the Boerd, G RADISSESS AC andS ]EZMNINRS RAiLWA Corkwthu fi% P. eealY.ahre shrehd oldelvrsweiherto hav lentpaidu them callsr Diretors will,be obligd t ptDh oresp ther poweyhr granteduoteafly the th ortil ofth CMpanybeseeStatupaties. notandat d OC MOTIE6uryio ENrGINE Blcfrao-rSALE.- 'ngl SdaffrESwfor SALE,fi p hayng2 and othe perso pbicJ tenrt.es; 'new Of the timesto purchase m-0ings Doug be Buryn-se ford HaPrll, five Whea Eulper, ft.veProvidncem, onee Srout Ersks one heTeal Bassett fives or'thoB eveti 10 comenascing 10idn paryCnsls Pirogresied Mtnesten10 their probabey1 SppraarseCosl,2 Talu.m-ery Cionsus af0fouthd Cnddprca.e and aboves eharesaed wporthy thet atdn tagonof aptermss. JNMr S. LELEAN, inedhr ODea., A, Cusiont-cort Oldbarod-street. salbeI. 1AN'ESAES.- ed fo , SAAand Copper ines o England affrd auu wider fielad fore profi than anTherdeclasseof publicth securites manye oftesferstumdividendumice mayt b cpitcalsedtseveraloeyi young mines, enahsev of commdicinus divideind, imaynbe chine ependsupon he juftelou selecionho mines inthbetpyn tionaffrde, ad uchaesnd ale efectd upeon the meethadae 1II~IE SHRES or SLE,pai 25EanRITO Er. investmoneyin yong mins, as by ajudcius selectio, mimmensed proltewil b relisd i aver shrt im. Teisbsriber,n haing vanue agen of rea praticl nblutyempoyedin enspctiungethkeumnei treet. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Lsrm INVESTMENTS in PUBLIC SEOURstoES-au WAEKX of DEPOSIT 1'No 3<a es, bo ~~ste~the plane?O the Batik It for fo opuiac20ounts sent fr ee eIcation. - EXERAL BASKM XOf SWITZERinsA1reter Px1trwoviioal CrifctsorheScnSeisoSas-ije the 2th i-a..at thisofie Bord-de WORLTLEY DR LA hjORE, Sec protein. 21 Threadnele-street* London, June25. 185. j.ONflO~ an WESTMIE TisEANX.Noti05 is erby ivn, ha a PEIALG NERAL hlEETINGc of By order of thefrm Bhard, T ONUON andI CONTJIT-STCK BANK- AJ~Jotjfs y, 21, Lombard-street, June-,lf---fniei hereby given, that a HAL-F-yEARLy G1CNE1tALR hEElIof the Prorieorsofthi Copan wll e hldat the London Tavern Blsbpsete-tret, n Tursay.the7thdayof August next, at IL The TrasfDersoots wilbdloe rm h 7h fJl to -thethL 1LbsEines oftebn snwcnut at t1heir 2fRW PRFY. CITY~ ~~A.J HIE angr n'-eele-street, London dno-rtdb oalCatr as .M0,000 (with power of inn-ease), n300Saes f£0 ah DIRECOS Chalrnan-SirROBE1Tr ATJR ADEAdm PeterBeal Esq., (Soot, el ndC.)Adesasw3 Sidney Gurney. REq., Tml Samuel Grinsadell, Bq.Bsipgt William Hackblecl, fi. o telt rmn of lackolecks, Cluj, an Meek-) StJmasSur Andrew Lawrie, Esq., 10. Charles-street, tj ees , John Lidgett, Esq., 9, Billiter-atroet Robert Lloyd, Req., (Lloyd. Mathaeson, and Co.j 1p3, yeenehureh.strest Archibald F. Paull. Esq., CalIumn-steet Jamnes Nelsoni Smithi, F-eq.. 2. St. Peters-aldley. Cornblli Jonathan Thorp, BEs., 27. King-xtreet, Cheapaida John Vauner; Esq., Sp'Itai-square. Interest allowed on the mnonthly minimuni bs.lsnre of current accounts. Deposits rec-eived at 1 per cent. belew the lank of Engl&an rat,e of discorimt-the presenLt rate alowed being 4 per cent. Letters of credfit and circular-niotes are issaed by the Bank, payable at all the chief towns and cities of the world. A. J. WHIT, Manaler. DEPOSIT ~ ~ ~ ~~~ Leicester-squaire. 2,Issr, Sale Lo, ad C., ot nlyadot te rleof LoDndon bankrs i keeing urret acount fre of hast, bt hey afford mor thn te cstoaryadvntaes n nt rquiinganybalance on Arrangements have been made by wbichyisaties with from £50. can openan acous, rsa t mak therpameut by heq e. mub annum. Depositors fer two, three, or more years are allowed £6rper cent, Per annuno: these rates of interest are not influenced by tho B:ank of miigland rate, but are fixed and perman ent. Sums in thenatureof cash n-edits, from £110to £1,000,&aeplaced to Gret fciltie ar ofere toperousesiingin the country, who, by a pepamen ofrie gines pranum ar pemitedto make them mision leter, potae, c. , W SELE,Manager. ORSSand TRAVELLERS ont the CONTI. T ETThe UNITY BANK gives LETTERS of CREDIT, Circlarote, ad Blls f Echage,witoutcharge and free of commisson,payble n al te chef own onthe contiuent ef Lurop", cominigpefec seuriy wth he aciityof immediate neg6tiation. Chie ofices Unty-uildngs 10,Canon-tret city; Leicester-equare GEORG CHAMERS,GeneralManager. R MITT!ANCES to IUMIA and A-USTRALIA.- The undersigned GRANT DRAFTS and LETTRS of CREDIT on Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, Melborurne, and Sydney, withoutcmehr' for comm1issio; also Letters of Credit avsaiable at Constantinople Ifallta, and every principaltownin Europe, RNL- n o East India Army and Coonial Agency, 14Blchpgt-tet and 63 CozmhilL. MELBOURNE GAS andl COKE CO3~PANY'a M EENTUIJRS-The Bank of New South Wales will PAY the HA.LT-YEAR7's INTEREST due the lst of July next, on the debentures iamedby the City ofXMelboure Gas andCoDke Company. The Interest Coupons must be left one clear day for examination, and4 forms for.specifying the same may be had on atpplication at the Bank. JOHN SALMON02, Secretary. Bankh of New South Wales, Lon don, June .17, 1856. 4UTUJAL LOAN FUND) AsoCITO, ,llGreatltussell-street. Covent-garden, Londn-T thOda General Meeting,-Notice in hereby given,ththeTNI ORDINARY GENERAL NMETING of the Saeodr of this Asmoclationwnibe.held attheFreemasoneT'aTaern. GreetQureni-stre,et Idncoln's-inn-fieldi% in the coonty of Middlesex, on Thursdsy, the 'iI day of July. 1856, at half-put 6 o'clock'i the evening. The chair wil be takenx at7 o'clock- precisely.-Dat ed this 25th day of June, 1855. By order of the Board of Directors HENRY ARROW. Secretary. N(TIE ishereby n that an EXTRA- YRI'A' GEN ERAL LhNG of the Sharehiolders i f the MUTUAL L,OANFUN%D ASSOCIATIONwilI beheld at the FreMasons'TaTern,Great Qoeen-streetLIdnooln'a-inn-flelds,in thecounty' f Iliddlesex, on Thursday, the 3d day of J'uly next, at S 'Ocleok in 'he evening, for the purpoeseof considering certain resolution,to bethin andthoere produtced and read, for increasing the capital and to.-rowing powr ofti soito,ad voting thereon accordingly. Ti a chai wil h taen t 8'cockprecioely.-Dated this 25th day of Juin ', 1858. By order off the Board, HENRY ARROW. Secretar-y. I4IBERTY MINING COMPANY.-Issne of AdliLtional Sbares.-Iu accordance with a resalution passed at a Special General Ti8eeting held this day. subscriptions iUt be received st the office, 62, Moorgate-street. for 25,000 additaonual shares, which, with the sbaresnowiusold orundieposed of. wil beisaseaat2s. fid.-asb; the subscription money to be paid on orbfore the I18th of July next onwhichtday thesubscription will becoed Dated.June 2.185, 1& re, H. IL ROOD, Secretairy. CObEANY -1nr, gemer-sriedc, Oxfrd-sYmtoree. ul suIsrilclar foerwarpoded o PlYing private families And establshent with foreign ie and sPirits, mnlarge or smal quantitles,- at really whelesa prces that is, from 25 to0O percent. nder thoseofwine merchants, Xa-pies:-- The firiestChampagne, at £6 ISa. the throeedozen case, inseteadto £10 Os. Clret, fnestChaeauBra C Ontenac or Eausan, SHbO EnCOMPA NY~ee galon.e Apcoplyetoely riW r tpeod.-Retq., Sec2etary and Manag:er,f l0 Kn h.ithpeow,eensret. ornpreasptectupe tanddtaileOd prcelits RTECTpRicplluS. i odnaph ARwnsset nt on apRoWA'Tl,o CAjleD forwairded ir fdsrd Terms Chayhtorr Efeesq. 3,B.AdeadfitDSe BDnoulevrdidgeatlesp 7D,s. H.n Cngiytor, E ., S,Aetie-ic . London-bridge Conultng ngieerJolanBernard, Esq. 4 A. Albany, PiccaMily. Solalctors-Me%sss J. C. and Hi. Fresthdeld. Brokers-Messrs Cardea and Whitehead. Bankers-The City Bank, SecrtaryHeny ChrlesBaroot. ss n hareHs,C mAN be (Liittely rgisere app lication s for the uip unp prprrse iTAtediy thi topwyil M essrs. C ardenanWerlThes' foresto applicthions may bedhad Junie25, 1956. HIENRY CHARLMS BARtFOOT. See. GENERAL "ANN`uITY,, EN,1`DO0wMENT ASsO- Capital Inivested With Govemrnment, kc. £277,804 18 2 AnoountpaidtoAnnuitantslastyear.7,852 100 The -co' mderae rtesof pemim, ithother lioeral mnutual adyansge o ths ssoiaion focily nvte llwho desire to leave a proison o hei wdos, hidre, elaivs,or friends,a&nd&repartl T~EPOIT ACOUNS at5A per CENT.- NJ Dposts f ay aoun cot'uo t 6~received by the ERA. ASSURACE SOIETY,31, Sckyile-stretPccadilly, for auch icris a maybearee upo, werey a lghatoof interest, with good secuity ma beobtine, te presnt atebeig bi1 per ftnt., payable NNA D SO of PROFITS.-GREAT WUzo- lao ondon, and 30, Bonsre,Mnhar DIRECOTORS. The CHISIHOLM, Chairmanu. RICHARD HTARTL46 KENNEDY, REq., Alderman, Deputy' Chairman. The ANNUAL GENERAL MEETIN`G was held on the 28th may. 3856, when a highly satisfactory Report of thestale of the affairsand progress ofthe Institution wAsbiresentedto,the memnbers Diring the Iasn three years, upwrards of 1,200 now aagurances haves been effeted yielding anu increase of premium income of mere than £20,000pe amnmnu: and although a general higho rate of mortalitybhas prevaulec amog asurd ive duingtle lst wo ea it hasnOt bees, deemed necssa-yto edce,intheslghtstdegee'~oalowances previously Thememersp eset a th Metig wrefully satisfied with the Repot. ad rsolvd uanimusl tha a educionof bli per cent. shoud bemadein he crren yea's remim psablby alipolicy- jvmOWICH~ UNION FIRE INSURANCE SO. -T ha a BEO US -ha be:den eclkarduoalp nu paid between the24h f Jne 151,an te 2d f une l55 whchma be RICEIED ponappicatonat he ocity' fie , at the reseciv quates t hic te olcie ae tnwabe,Th.J uns, I iie qa M~fINERVA LIFE ASSURANCE COMEPANY ALestabllshed 1836, No. I, Cannon-street west. London;zEdinburgh, 85. Gat Rng-steet ublin 87.LowerGarder-street. assurance company. foedyaole Selet asszurances rendlering policies of assurance ultimately indispnal.WILLAM THOS. ROBINSOX, Actuary and Secretary. TfHE ROYAL EXCHANGE ASS-URANCE: in- JLcorpDrated A.D. 1720. by Charter of George the Firt. Chief office, Royal Exchange, London:; branch, 29. Pall-maIll Fire, life, and maxane assurances maybe effected with this Corpora. ton n datageeus terms. Lise asuane ar antedwiihcr withlout Participation in Profits, In the latter care at reduDed rates of prmItum. The reversionary bon-as on B3ritish Policies has averaged nearly 2 per cent, per annum onz the sum assred, or 48 per cent. upon ihepremlums paid. The future divisions of profits will ta'keplaco every five years. The expensles of management, being divided between the different branches, are spread over a Iarger amount Of business than that trans. acted by any other office, The charge upon each poliLT is thereby re- ducedto a sum so small as to amounnt for the m%asiitu a of the bonus whiich has been declared, and to afford a rbb t hataf iaxt will be maintained at future divisons pod yta iiayt This Co ration adords to the assured a liberal participation In proEis, wit exemnption from the liabilities of partnership; a rats of bnus equal to the aver-age returns of Mutuaa Societies, -with the ua rantee of a large investe capital stock; the advantages of modern, ractice, wit tho security of an.f cwhose resourcegshave lusetetedd Fy toex;emeof nearlpacentury anda half.- Anmaesoy owbeefected fOrT n umntexedu JQHN , HIG Ah Atury and sereteq
BPISCOPAL SUPERANNUATION. TO THIE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-I wish, through the medium of your co-' lumns, to direct the attention of the public to & proceeding which deserves some notice. In the year 183G an act was passed containing powers to settle the amount of income to be received by the Bishops. The rightrev. prelates met in conclave at the office of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and determined that certain incomes should be assigned to the different sees. These incomes varied from 15,000l. per annum, to be paid to the Archbishop of Canterbury, to 4,2001., which. was given to one or two minor bishops. These sums were net incomes, and the recipients had the benefit of their palaces and grounds, and their patronage in addition. The cases of London and Darham were of course considered, and it was determined that the Bishop of the former diocess should have 10,0001. a-yearclear, with two palaces rent-free, and his patronage,. which is worth about 00,0002. a-year; and that the BishoD of Durham should have 8,0001. a-year, together vith the palatial residence of Bishop Auckland andcthe patronage, worth about 40,0001. per annum,. in the distribution of which, according to certain retumns, the bishops have exhibited a large amount. of paternal tenderness. it was generally expected, and it certainly was. intended, that the bishops should content *.hemselves with these incomes, wlhich they admitted to be sufficient for their maintenance, and the act fuly sets forth that it should apply to the case of the Bishop of Darham, but, somehow or other, him Lordship found means to escape. In the year 1848 the Bishop of London had anet income of 22,9742. 18s. lid., instead of 10,0001., and in the previous year the Bishop of Durham had, a net income of 24,279!. 2s. 7d., instead of 8,0001. These two right rev. prelates have at last beenpersuaded that it will be miore decorous (as they cannot perform any duties) to retire, and permit the Government to appoint successors. This, it is said, is about to be done, but the Bishops will only consent to retire on condition that the Bishop of Lcndon shall receive 10,0001. a-year as retiiing allowance and the Bishop of Durham 8,000('. a-year, being the full amount of their legal iucomes wvhen in performance of their dulties. Thus it will be seen that inasmuch as the newv Bishops to be appointed must be paid 10,0001. and 8,0001. per arnuni respectively, the cost of these two sees of London and Durham will be no less than 36,(10l. a-year to maintain two superainuated and two acting bishops Upon what principle is it tllat such retiring allowances should be given to the bishops'? Judges are not so fortunate. I am. ¢c.. O,N3 OF THE -PUBUC.
THE GREAT WROUGHT IROX GU.N.-T111s ponlderous instrunment of warfare has now been waitingfor three weeks the arrival of somo of the Government officials to testitspower. So far it appears to ha-e surpassed the antici-- pations of even military officers. An instrument weighing nearly 22 tons, manufactured ofwroucht iron, and throwing a ball, upwards of 3001b. weight, a distance of more than four miles, withits present low degree of elevation and with a very snall quantitv of powder, is what was not expected by the military men7present at the experiments. Such is the ease, too, of loading the gun, ponderous though it is; that it can be fired and charged and fired again in less than 10 minutes, only si; men being required for the operatio.. Of its destructive powers little is yet known; but if the effect of the trial made on Thursday, the 22d ult., be any evidence-namely, the smashing to fragments a slab of iron a ton weight and 41 inches thick-no walls yet constructed would stanid before its terrible pro. jectile force; and it is not much to say of the gun, that, within range of a broadside of the finest line-ofbattle ship in the world, one charge would be sufficient to completely destroy thc largest ship that ever sailed. The mere fight of the ball as seen close to the gun is no test of its power. He who would wish to see the effect of the iissilc must go to a distance of a little beyond 21 miles. The ball can be distinctly observed in its career, although the rnoiseh made in its rapid transit through the air inay affect even a strong nerved person, and cause him to believe himnself on unsafe ground. As soon as the ball drops it tears up the ground for some distance, and sonds the sand mnany yards high in the air. It then plunges on its course, and continues to do so till it is fully spent. The excavation made in the ground on its first descent is two or tbree feet deep. Slung, on Mr. Julius Roberts's principle, at an angle of 15 to 75 degrees, the bal could be projected a much greater distance, while its destructive effec' would be greatly increased. If such a gun were employed against a place like Odessa, where all the public buildings and all the principal houses are bomb proof, a few hours would suillce to level them.-Lirerpool Mercumay. THE UDED NE S-ON%DON, DmEr asxm-In 5i Tin.es of yesterday we detailed the particulars incidental to a brutal murder perpetrated in the parish of Spandon, near Derby. Subsequent to the despatch of our reporttwo Irish labourers were apprehended in a field near Derby, on suspicion of being concerned in the fatal deed. One of them had blood upon his trousers, and the other blood uapen. his shirt; both gave avery confused account of theirlate proceedings. On Tuesday nighta nan dressed in the garb of a sailor was likewise apprehended on suspicion, and these threo persons, together with a woman, whomn we mentioned as having been given in custody at an carly stage of thc investigation, are now in the lock-up at Derby. The inquest on the body of the unfortunate man (E;noch Stone) was commenced at Spondon on TLesday afternoon, when Cvi-m dence was adduced as to the finding of the body on the. tornpike-road in the state which we have already described. Mr. Cade and Mr. Gisborne, surgeons, made a posL a'zorten examination. Externally they found two roughly incsed wounds on the forehead, and five contused wounds on th3 crown of the Lead In addition to these, there was, over the left ear, a bruise with abrasion of the skin. All these wounds appeared to have been inflicted with a bludgeon or blunt instrument. On removing the scalp they found extensive extravasation of blood between it aud the skill, and a fracture of the skull extending from ear to ear, several smaller ones running from the man one. Evidence having been given embracing the above particulars. the inquirywasadjournedluntil Mondaynext. It has been ascertained that the deceased left Derby for Spondon at half'p.t 10onMonday night, that he went through the toll-gate 2t 11 o'clock, and thiat he was passed on Cherry-tree-hillabout half-past 11 by a young man named Newton, frosseBor.. roash, who bade him go04d night; this same person met t-wo men about 100 yards nearer Derby,and in all JikeBi6e&d they overtook the murdered man at the place wbere the crime w as comrmitted.
£AI EPLIA3tBARY NTBELLGgNO C- 3OV"SE OF CONS, WED-NMSDAY, JR-m 25. T She SP1llm took the chair at 12 o'clock. P~Aitior`os V sdt the continuance of the grant to May. Ecith College were presented by Mr. 4G. DuxcA,, from the nister, elders, and congregation of Free St. David's xiChurcb, Dundee; by Mlr. EfiLSS,nRD, very nuinerously signed; by Sir W. Yxnesn, froum 606 inhabitants of the town of 1 ry and vicinit ,Y; and by iWx. TITr, from inhabitants of the city of Bath. Petitions inL favour of the Maynooth College Bill were presenled by Mr. P.a;, from Torquav- and by Sir J. B. CARN.kC, from 203 electors of Lymington. Petitimes were .presented against the Mercantile Law Amendment BilL by Mr. GURNEY, from the inhabitants of Ring's Lynn: by Colonel ADutR, from the inhabitants of Catatcidge; by MIr. EVELYNr, from Dorking, Surrey; by 3Ir. l:. BALL, from the inhabitants of iarch; by Mr. HBorIxn, fromn 228 merchants bankers, manufacturers, -traders, and othes, of Sheffield; by SirS. BIGNOLD, from Uie Chamber of Com merce of Storwzich, and also from 176 3wincipal merchants and traders of that city; and by Mr. a:sI.O]I5Ss, from Folkecstone. Petitions were also presented byMr. KI.I;A1RD, from 5qQ0 adult persons of the population of Southborough, againstopening places of amusement on Sunday; also, from the inhabitants of Willesden, Middlesex, prayingthat public offices and places of labour on public works may be closed early on Saturday, and that the British Museum and National Gallery may be opened on that day; by Mr. E. Vivi.r;, from Truro, against the Ratin- of Miines Bill; by Mr. OaVERA, signed by 12 medical practitoners connected with St. Mary's Hospital, Paddington, praying for a reduction of the duty nnon foreign wrines, and stating their opinion that the use of wine among the humbler classes woutld be a great benefit on sanitary and social grounds; also, fronm the Liverpool to Leeds Navigation Company, against the Public Health Bill; MIr Co+vx, from merchants and traders in Edinburgh, praying for the passing of the Vills and Administrations Bill introduced by the Solicitor-General; by Mr. `W'CAIiN, from the niagistrates, clergy, gentry, merchants, and traders of Drogheda and its vicinity, praying that a harbour of refuge -be constructed on the north-east coast of Ireland, between Kingstown and Belfast; by MIr. KENDAL,, from the inhabitants of St. Agnes, in the county of CornvalD, in favoulr of mines being rated to the poor; by 31r. hI. SMsrrr, from the chureiw.ardens of the parishes in the deaneries of Shoreham, Dartford, Malling, Sutton, and Charing, in the diocess of Canterbury, against the abolltion of church-rates without an equivalent; by Lord GODERICII, from MIr. W. Ferrand, of }iarden-grange, complaining of the coniduct of the Enclosure Commissioners by Sir V. HEATHCOTE (for Mr. ESTcUOT), from Nettleton, Wilts; Bishop Cannings, Wilts; and ehurchwardens of several parishes in Wilts, against the Abolition of churchrates; from All Cannings, Wilts, against the desecration oi Sunday; from owners and occupiers of stonc quarries near Bath (2), against Rating of Mines Bill; and fromDevizes, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. J. FERCsrso?r, frosz certain medical offlces of the Carlisle Union, praying that the petition from a meeting of medical offlcers, the representatives o numerous Poor Law anions, held in London May 30, 1806, may have the serious consideration of this House, and that some lav may be passed in accordance with the prayer of it; by Mr. E. BkLL, from the mledic.al officers of Wisbencls, praying for relief. 'ajor REEID called the attention of the House to the number of tiames during the present and last session of Parliament that the Speaker had been unable to form a House (40 members not being present); also the number of times the House had been '*coumted out" for the same reason during that period. Mr. OLIVEI-A gave notice that, on the Sth of July, he should uove that the duty on wine be reduced. Mr. I. BUTT gave notice that he would to-morrow (this day) present a petition from his Highness Meer Ali Morad, Aineer of hhyrpore, in India, complaining of the uniuist seizure of his territory by the Governmnent of India, THE MAYNOOTE: BILL. Mr. SPOONER, in rising to move the second reading of this bill, said that he should not trespass at any length on the time of the House by repeating the arguments which he had already used, nor by assigning the reasons why he thouet the -bill-slhould pass into a law. He would, on this cccaion,-confine-himself almost entirely to an explanation ol the provisions-of the bill. The object of the bill, he might remind the -House, was to separate altogether the connexion 1vdich atpresont existed between the Government of the country and the College of Maynooth, and to leave that college -to -its own tesponsibility and resources; thereby doing away wvith the great national sin of giving support to a college founded upon such a principle as that on which the College -of .a-ynooth was founded, and teaching such doctrines as that eollege taught. The first provision of the bill was intended totally to break up the corporation which now-existed, and to leave the parties as a perfectly independent body -by takingr away their corporate power. The second clause brovided that the persons who were now trustees of the college should continue trustees, and should - have al such -powers and authorities as to the government of the college, the supplying of vacancies, the acquiring and holding of lands, and all other rights, privileges; and immun-ities which were lawfilly possessed and enjoyed by the trustees at the time of passing this act, and that all property acquired by the trustees should remain vested in them. All. that he desired was to shake offthe responsibi}ty which attached to the nation, and lo the Government in particular, in supporting that college. The third clause enacted thatthere should be no more grants to the Maynooth College out oi the consolidated fand, with certain exceptions; those excepiions were in favour of the students already resident in the college. He did not think it fair that -the young men who entered the college on the faith oi the grant being continued should be deprived of the benefit of the college until the expiration of the usual term of residence. Therefore, so long as they remained students so Ion1 would the Lords of the Treasury pay money out of the consolidated ftnd sufficient for the maintenance of the students and of the establishment. With that ex ception the a1aynooth grant would cease, _ and wher those exceptional interests should termina'te then the whole grant would cease altogether. These were the provisions of the bill, the object of enacting them being t( separate the college altogether from the Government. Thb he proposed to-do, because he conceived that the supportinp of a college constituted as that of laynooth was, and teach. ixg such doctrines .as it did, was totally inconsistent with the Protestant cons'titRution of this country, totally inconsistent vwiththe oathlwhich the Sovereign took athercoronationa and hisimpressionrwas, totally inconsistentwith the word of God: ie smight be asked v-bat right had he to set up his opinion ac to what was inconsistent wvith the word of Gud or not ? le thou-ghtthat every manhadnot only the fght, but that every man was bound in the dne discharge of his duty, when he saw anything in the laws of hIs country which h- aelheved to be inconsstent with the word of God, to use all the power and influence which he pozsessed in endeavou1rino to rectify that vlich he considered to be a great national sin. This was not hIs opinion only, it was the opinion of a large numberof the members of that House. That it was inconsistent with the coronation oath was clear, because by that oath theyreqtuiredthe Sovereignto swenarthat sliewoulj maintain in the fullest of its inteority the Protestant reformed church; and the liturgy of that chuirch proclaimed that the doctrine of the mass was idolatrous and ought to be suppressed; while the articles of that church proclaimed that the whole teaching of the college was idolatrous, blasphemous, and deceitful. It -was, therefore, totally inconsistent to require that such an oath should be taken by the Sovereign, and then to askHer Majesty to consent to grant money for the maintenance of a college which taught that the Protestant reformed church v-as heresy, and which also taught those doctrines which that reformed church held to be idolatrous blasphemous, and deceitful. It was impossible to reconcile these two opposite principles. He was told that if this grant were taken away it would be the first blow to the established Irish church. He denied that proposition in toto. The property of the united church of England 2nd Ireland was -S much the property of that church as the property held by any nobleman in the land was his property. Let him see those who were enjoying large properties, held by a much shorter title and by a title niuch miore liable to be assailed than the title of the united chEurch of England and Ireland to its property, who were prepared to mainttain that proposition. He for one was not at all afraid that the abolition of the Maynooth grant would in any degree injure the pr^perty of that church. But ho was not ashamed to say it, and he would say it frankly and f. irly, that if the es'ablished chu-rch of En--land and ireland could not stand without that prop whicl the litur-yand articles of the church of En^gland declared to be idolatrous, then the sooner that church was done awaywith the better. But he was not at all afraid. He knew it could st..nd on its own rights, and that its property wvould be safe and would ever remain zuntouched. He hoped the House would not prevent thi> isnest mng to an immediateviision; and Whatever ;zaight be the result by that hc should be perfectly wiling to 3b:'de. He adjured the House not to let the subject go on frrcm day to day. The best way to maintain that hsarmony whi-h w-as said now to exist in the country wns to let the House speak c-t and say 'whether they were -wM4:;nz or not to contne to afford support to the College 'of Maynooth. Lee. the country at large know to whnt-ey were to trust-whether the Roman Catholics were still toib educated at the expense of the courntry, or whethert-hay vere to be reniitttdto their own resources. They ,were not inthout means. Mhey could find anonoy whenever it was wzin-,dl. Many Catheic,c congregations in this country had byn means of subwaiptions erected magnificent churches, 'or -which large expenses had been incurred, not for the enho ,f education or i:.,F religious worship, but in order, by tleiLr,aeternal at'iractioEs, to induce Protestants to join them; notts provide for the svants of an existing conregation, but to. eate a congregation. With ample means to Dr,ouagate theiro-v>i.hsith, with fundriver at theircommand, and7with all the snerj es which they weere knowvn to possess, he sw-nld say that, zipoan e lowand simple ground of necessity ,or nosecess.ty, there i:ai been no case sezade oat wherebyit -was neossary that this gr-nt should be continued. But if Roman Catholics were to ley endoved, why not endow the U,iethodisLv, the Baptists, Rnd the Independents? Why were the Roman Catholics alone i:o be favoured ? He would not go further into this general vaew of the case. It was not espedient that he should do so; fo' the Househaad sofar signified its assent to his arguments on a l'rmer occasion as to give him a majority, by wihich he had ,een enabled to bring this bill forward for a second reading. 1 any alteraM;oms wS ere required to he muade in the bill the co;minittee could iltroduce them. The bill bad been drawn up 'by one 4 f the abiaL; Lasers of the d<y !'i order to 79tt t-b& eQYil X which he complained, at the aame time leaving the property of the college in the hands of those to whom it belongednamely, the Roman Catholics themselves, and leaving.to then also the sale management of the wvhole concern. He begged to move that the bill be now read a secoad time. Sir W. VERENTR rose to second the motion, when the hon. baronet was immediately met by loud cries of "Divide !" He said that, had it not been for the amendment of which notice had been given by the hon. member from Dumgarvan (Mr. Maguire), and of the deterrnination on the part of the Government to oppose the second reading of the bill, notwithstanding three divisions had taken place in one night in favour of the measure, he should not tave tken any part in the debate. It had been said that this measure was proposed as an insult to the Roman Catholics of Ireland. He gave that assertion a decided denial. He was sureno such thought ever entered the mind of his hon. friend. He (SirW.Verner) was acquaintedwithmany Roman Catholics in Ireland forwhoe he entertained a high regard, and he should be very sorry to give his support to any measure that could in the slightest degree be constraed into an insult to them. But the College of Maynooth was totally separate and distinct from the Roman Catholics of Ireland. He really believed that the establishment of Mlaynooth College was one of the greatest misfortunes that everhappenedto the Roman Catholics of Ireland. With regard to the motion before the House, eo did not think there was any great difficulty as to the course the House ought to take respecting it. The question was this, had MUaynooth acted in a manner to render it undeserving of the future aid of Parliament?9 The hon. meamber for Dungarvan iaid, in a former debate, that if it were proved to him that the teaehing at Maynooth College attacked the social relations of life by tampering with oaths, with contracts, and with the allegiance of the subect, he would say, "Down with Maynooth." He did not expect he should be able to convince the hon. member for Dungarvan, but he believed he should be able to convince the House that the teaching at the College of Maynooth did tamper with oaths, with contracts, and with allegiance. And first, as to tampering with oaths. Dr. Doyle was examined on that subject before the committee of the House of Lords, and on a question being put to him the answer he gave was, that the students at maynooth were obliged to take the oath of allegiance which -was prescrbed to be taken by the Roman Catholic priests. (The cries of "Divide," by which the hon. menuber had been frequently interrupted, now became- so loud and continuous that it was impossible to collect a connected sentence of his speech for some minutes.) The hon. gentleman then referred to an opinion expressed by MIr. Gladstonein his book on the "Relations of Church and State," to show that the grant to Maynooth had not fulfilledthe objects for which it was intended. He also read a letter he had received from a gentleman who had been an eye witness of Bible-burning which had taken placa in Ireland by order of the priests, to prove that they were opposed to thereadingof theBlible ; and he gavean account of the proceedings at last year's anniversary sobs-e oF the Young Men aSocietyof Limerick, atwhich the Qaeen wasthesecond instead of the first toast proposed; aud, although it was on a Sunday, dancing commenced as soon as the chair was vacated. In conclusion, he contend:dl that Parliament was not justified, under all the circ umstances, in any longer granting public money for the support of the College of Maynooth. (Cries of " Divide.") Mr. JAMES M'GREGOR said, he intended to support the decision at which the House, after fall consideration, had arrived at in April last, on the ground that the teaching at Maynooth was inimical both to civil and religious liberty. (Hear.) And although the tactics of the Ho'ze were so peculiar that the country might not be astonished at their vote of April being reversed in June (hear), he believed that the princi lea upon which the vote of Anril rested were recognized y a majority of the House as ivell as of the country, and that it would therefore be affirmed. (Hear.) He hoped, however, that a division upon this bill -would not be taken, unless a sufficient number of members were present for their decision to be regarded as the decision of a real majority of the House. ({ear.) He should support the bill, becaus e thought the right of privatejudguient, which was inconsistent with the teaching at Mlaynooth, ouglht to be maintained, and because he objected to an institution which disseminated doctrines subversive of the authority of Hex Majesty incompatible with the principles on which the prosperity and stability of the kingdom were based, incompatible with the maintenance of a free press, of trial by Jury, and of the right of every man to express and to act upon his own opinions. His representation of the doctrines taught at Maynooth was, he submitted, fully borne out by the evidence taken before the commission; but he should certainly have been better pleased if aninquiry into the subject had taken place before a committee of the House of Comnmons, and if the evidence and the report had not been submitted to a certain Sovereign whose throne was now only upheld by foreign bayonets, before beinm submitted ta Her Majesty. (" Hear, hear," and cries of '4)ivide !") Mr. H. HERBERT said, the hon. member for North Warwickshire had expressed a wish that the House ehould come to a decision immediately, and he would therefore at once move that the bill be read a second time on that day sis months. ("HIear, hear," and calls for a division.) Mr. NAPIER held that it was the duty of hon. members to state the reasons which guided them in giving oran withholding grants of public money ; he would therefore briefly explain why he should support this bilL Since the Reformation no religion, except the established religion, had been endowed by the State, and indeed he had never heard the grant to Maynooth defended as a religious endowment. The act of l845 had then been passed for a special purpose-fox the purpose of improving thc Roman Catholic schools, by providing more enlightened teachers for them; aid it was the duty of the State to see that the money it had granted was applied to that purpose. He contended that the purpose of the act had been frustrated, and that the grant., instead of being applied to providinig an enlightened education, had been applied to the propagation of ultramontane doectines. Since the passing of the act a Roman Catholic archbishop had been appointed by the sole will and pleasure of the Pope, instead of being chosen, as formerly, by the Roman Cotholic bishops. Ultramontane archbishops now nominated aOO free students to the college, and afterwards sent them to their parochial charges. Was not the money e.xpended in the education oi those students applied to thepropagationof Ultra-montani6m' Yet, when they were dealing with the national school systemn they passed a resolution in which they talked of upholding parental authority and not sanctioning compulsory education. (Hear, hear.) He would refer to evidence which could leave no doubt on their minds as to the teaching of ultramontane doctrines at Maynooth. In lS2G an inquiry took place into the educational establishments in Ireland, and several professors who were examined on the subject oi Maynooth mentioned the books which were in use at thai establishment. Among others were two books of Bayleoneon dogmatic theology, the other on moral theology; the latter supporting (Gallican doctrines in oppositior to ultramontane doctrines. That work had since been set aside, and in its place had been introduced a worl of Scavigny, thoroughly ultra-montane in its character. Another still more important part of the question had reference to the canon law of Rome, because it was through its instrunibrtality that the consciences of the laity were coerced. The resolution carried the other night in reference to Irish education alluded to the rights of conscience, but it was idle to talk of the rights of conscience if that House voted money to enable the church of Roome to put in force the canon law. Dr. Muray, in 1S26, gave to the conirmssion of inquiry the tide of the book on canon law first authorized by the board, adding that some other books were not at first used, because they were suppased to inculcate too strong opinions with regard to the intesferenee of spiritual au1thority in temporal matters. In reply to the qs'ettion, "WVhat is the book now used i" Dr. Murray gave an -rswer which showed that ultramnontanism was introduced into the teaching, and yet that House w,as asked to continue grants of money to carry out such a principle. If it were honestly intended that the money should be given for education which was not objectionable, then there was no reason why it should not be given in the form of an educational vote, so that the HIouse miaght be able to know by inspection how the money was applied. He had been struck bv seeing a letter in a North of freland newspaper, in which thejvriter, a, Catliolic, denounced the persecuting influence of the proceedings of the Synod, and declared that the Roman Catholic laity were interested in having a domestic clergy, an independlent church, and freedom of conscience. By such words i2e was ready to abide. The opponents of the .Taynooth endownent had been told that if they touched Maynootli they must prepareforthe downfallof theestablished church in Ireland. Now, he was ready to say that if that church could only be upheld by continuin- a system which fettered the consciences of his Roman Cat'olic fellow-countrynsen, then lie was not prepared to uphold it any longer. (Hear, hear I His Royal Highness Prince Albert, in an eloquent and able speeeh, some time back stated the view be entertained as to the safety of the ehurch, observing that lie had no fear for her safety and ultimate welfare as long as she held fast to what had been given her at the time of the Reformationthe Gospel, and the unfettered right to its use. The church in Ireland was prepared to stand by those words, and he, for one, whatever might be thc consequences, should undoubtedly give his vote in support of the bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. XAhGUIRE would havebeen willing to see the House divide without further debate, had it not been for thespeech of the hoel. and learned gentleman, who, though no doubt influenced by the purest and best motives, had been grossly deceived-in reference to the Catholic church in Ireland. Old caltumies had been revived, and lie now rose-to aswer them. The conduct .and cha~ractFer of hj o nCtoi priesthood in Ireland constituted a sufficient answer to the charge tilat the teaching at Maynooth vas repugnant to the word of God. The report of the Royal Commissioners which had been placed upon the table, contained a tiiumpliant refutation of the calumnies hacaped on the College of Matynooth. The ommissioners stated that they should be doing inijistice to the college if they did not state, as the general result of the evidence, that they did not see any reason to believe that any disloyal ideas -were conveyed in ilke teaching, or anything calculated to impairthe allegiance of the subject to his Sovereign. (Hear, hear.) Then, w%ith regard to the instructions for the confessional, these comamissioners stated that there was no reason to believo that those studies had any practical injurious effect on the mnind and character of the students. In another part they added that they had heard no ihputation from any quarter Pgainst the moral character of the young men, and they had no reason to believe that their general character was other than irreproachable. These solemn statemients would, he was convinced, have more weight with the House than the vague and delusive charges brought against Maynooth. In reference to that institution, he would read to the Hoese the opinion of Sir John Forbes, physician to the Queen. That gentleman said, with regard to hiaynooth, in 1S533 - - "On the whole, from what I myself saw at Maynooth. and froni what I have since learnt respecting it, I am bound to conclude thatitisa well-planned and well-managed insitution, cculated to communicate to its students a good secular as well as religious education, and. to send them forth amply qualified for the discharge of their sacred functions as priests, and, as well- informed gentemen, to set an example of social propriety to their fecks. It was an opinion fosser}yprevalent in Euglsud, and still entertained, I believe, by many, that the Roi Catholic clergy in Ireland are an imfeior order of iiien, &a d hardly adimassible ,ir,to the sSygn±-lox. satezgory of ger,tkin, X how not -wbat may have been their condition and quality formerly; - but at present such a character is totally inapplicable to them. It is true that the original social status of a considerable proportion of them and the scanty incomes that fall to the share of all prevent them generally from attaining that position in society enjoyed by the members of the aristocratic church of England; and they are probably somewhat deficient in those graces of mamner and polished ease which such society can give. But, judging from what I myself saw, I should say they are gentlemen in the true sense of the word, and with as much polish as could be em, pected from men who, like the Scottish clergy, spring from the rniddle or lower classes, and have been educated in the seclusion of a college. At any rate, as far as I could learn, they possess, as a body, those higher qualities of character and conduct for which gentility an:d polish can bh no substitute, and that pure life and conversation which, by adding example to pDrecept, lend to their teaching that Iforce and vitality winch can alone render them effectuaL." In another passage Sir F. Forbes bore testimony to the conduct and character of the Irish priests:- I heard but one report of the priests, and that was that theircharacter and conduct were uniformly excellent and exemplary. In an earlier stage of my journey Ihave made. a similar statement, and I now repeat it as the result of all I saw and heard in Ireland. I do not believe that a more favourable report could be made by an impartial observer of the character and conduct of the Protestant clergy of England or Scotland; and no one, I believe, will think of denying their claim, as a body, to moral and social excellence. I never heard a charge of personal immorality lorought against any priest (and I made particular inquiries. on this subject); and it was generally acknowledged that they were indefatigable in the discharge of their official duties. In most parishes these duties ate very severe, partly on account of the immense number of persons in every cure, and partlv from the quality of the religious services re- uired ana the nature of the peosle. The lower class of rish are remarlably timid when sick, and the attendance of the priest is expected on all such occasions, by night as well as by day." The next quotation he would read was from, Mr. Laing's 2Notas of a T, ardlWr, and it vas in answer to the question"Where are the drones now "- "The sleek, fat, narrow-minded, wealthy drone is now to be sought for on the episcopal bench, or on the prebendal stall of the Lutheran or Anglican churches; the well-off, comfortable parish minister, yeoman-like in mind, intelligence, and social position, in the manse and glebe of the Calvinistic church. The poverty-stricken, intellectual recluse, never seen abroad but on his 'way to and from his studies or church duties, living nobody knows how, but all know in the poorest manner, upon a wretched pittance in his obscure abode-and this is the Popish priest of the 10th century-had all the advantage of position with the multitude for giving effect to his teaching." Mr. Laing also gave the following description of the Catholic clergv as they existed abroad, and his language applied in everyrespect to the Catholic clergy in Ireland.- " Our clergy, especially in Scotland, had a very erroneous impression of the Popish clergy. In our country churches we often hear them prayed for as men wallowing in luxury and sunk in gross ignorance. This is somewhat injudicious as well as uncharitable; for when the youth of their congregations, wlho, in this travelling age, must often come hi contact abroad with the Catholic clergy so described, find them in learning, liberal views, and genuine piety, according to their own doetrines, so very different from the descriptioa and the describets, there will unavoidably arise comparisons, in the minds especially of famales and young susceptible persons, by no mseans edifying or flattering to their clerical teachers at home. Catholic priests and snonks, at the time of the Reformation, may have been allthat our Scotch clergy fancy them still to be; but theze centuzies, a French revolution, and an incessant advance of intelligence in society make a difference, for the better or worse, in the spirit even of clerical corporations. Our churchmen should understand better the strength of a formidable adversary, who is evidently gaining ground but too fast upon our Protestant church, and who, in this age, brings inito the field zeal and purity of life equal to their own, and learning, a training in theological scholarship, and a general knowlcdge superior perhaps to their ounr." wt as said that the Roman Catholic clergy were enemies to education, and this was Air. Laing's answver to that accusation:- " In Catholic Germany," said that gentleman, " in France, Italy, and even Spain, the education of the common people in reading, writing, arithmetic, music, inanners, and morals is at least as generally diffiLsed and as faithfully promoted by the clerical body as in Scotland. It is by their own advance, and not by keeping back the advance of the people, that the Popish priesthood of the present day seek to keep ahead of the intellectual progress of the comnmunity in Catisolic lands; and they might, perhaps, retort on our Presbyterian clergy, and ask if they, too, are in their countries at the head of the intellectual movement of the age ? Etdueation is, in reality, not only not repressed, but is encouraged by the Popish church, and is a weighty instrument in its hands, and ably used. In every street in Rome, for in stance, there are at short distances public primary schools for the education of the children ofthe lower and middle classes in the neighbourhood. Rome, with a population of 108,678 souls, has 372 public primary schools, with 4S2 teachers, and 14,009 children attending them. Has Edinburgh so many public schools for the instruction of those classes? I doubt it. Berlin, with a population about double that of Rome, has only 264 schools. Rome has also her university, with an average attendance of 630 students; and the Papal States, with a population of 2a millions, contain seven universities. Prussia, with a population of 14 mnillions, has but seven." It was agtued that the grant ought to be withdrawn because it had failed, but in what way he would ask had it failed? Had it failed in produeing an energetic wvorking clergy? If the Roman Catholic clergy of Ireland were more of fine gentlemen they would be unfit for their position; but they were eminently a working clergy, adsuirably suited for their duties, and well qualitied in every respect to deal -bith the necessities and miseries of the people ar.ong wholn they were placed. They were ever ready for any calls which might be made upon them; night and day they pursued their work, visiting the sick at all hours and at any distance -not among the rich, but am-ong the poorest of the poor. Frequently they were left without a shilling in their pockets (he had oiten known this in the case of a member of his own family, now a chaplain at Scutari) by the appeals made to their charitable feelings by the scenes of distress and misery which they witnessed; and they not only afforded the last consolations of religion to those whom they visited, hut even furnished them wvith their means of sustaining life. (Hear, hear.) He confidently believed that there were not 100 members of the House who were actually in carnest in their opposition to Alaynooth. Often had ho heard English members privately advise Irish members who opposed this motion to " speak it out." (Hear.) They were anx ious to avoid the discussion of this question, not only on grounds which were honourable to their good feelings, hut from motives of policy. (Hear.) This grant had been originally proposed by a Protestant statesman, the representatix e of a Protestant RSing, and passed by a Protestant Parliament. It had been sanctioned since by successive Parliam ents, it had been supported by the wisest and most sagacious statesmen this country had ever seen, and by none snore strenuously than by Sir Rt. Peel, a sincere and conscien,tious man, and as devoted to his own church as any man could he; and there was not a single statesman in the house, on either side of it, who would think of proposing its abolition. The hon. member for North Warwickshiro had no ch.uce of being a Prime Minister, nor even awhipper in. (A. laughs.) Perhaps lie had msore .ambition that way, and he could afford, therefore, to endeavour to give effect to his exitreme opinions;hut no man who aspired to sit in a promsinent position on the Treasury bench would ever be so ill advised as to stand up and support a hill of this kind. Somnething had been said about this not being " the right time" for a hill of this kind, and a truer word never had been uttered. Never was there a tirne less fitted. (Hear, hear.) What would this country have done in the war just concluded but for Catholic aid ? WVhere should we have been but for France and Sardinial and how great a share of the glory earned by the British army was due to the fiery courage and gallant devotion of the Irish soldiers?Y These men w ere .aught by the Irish priests, and, as an earnest of the training they received and of the character of those who had trained them, he would read a few extracts to showv what manner of men the Irish soldiers were. HIe would not seek to show what they were at Alma and Inkermanu, or when they dashed to certain death at Balaklava, or in the assaults of the 15th of June or the 5th of September-aid this had already been told by WVilliam Russell, Zlie TisPnes correspondent and the historian of the war, in language which would live for ever (hear, hear); hut he would show howt the Irish Popish soldier-taulght and trained by the calsumniated Iih priest-could face death on the hospital pallet, with all lisa energies prostrated and his framne wirung by unutterable tortures. The book from which he would quote was called Eas.eern EHo.pitols 'snot Bnylish Nurses, and it was written by an Eaghaic Protestant lady. Here was first a description of what the hon. member for North WVarwvick. shire would call an Irish " idolater " on his deathbed:.- " Cooney was about 1S or 19; he was an Irish Catholic. Poor fellowf! he suffered so much fr-om being obliged to lie in cne position, that ho was covered with sores. Hie was sO thin his bones seemed almost coaming through hsis skin, and his state wvas such that not even an orderly was allowved to turn bins from one side to another; h ut the surgeon had to do ithifisell, and Dr. Temple most tenderly did it for him. . . . .Th The tenacity of life in poor Cooney was wonderful. Day after day, night -after night, he lived and suffered on, growing we.aker and weaker. How his piteous moans went through the hearts of his atten.dants-ho,w terrible weS it to watch the distortion of agony on his Young face! Poor boy ! he was very patient, and he said he knewv 'it was best for him, or the good God would not send him such suffering, and his trust was in Him, and he did try to be patient.' . . . . Death came at last, and he passed away as a child falls asleep, and with an intense relief did his attendants watch the calm, peaceful look on those features so long tortured with agony." Here was another scene of the same descriptioil*- "Stickey was a deeply religious man, and attended to the duties of his religion with fervour ; and though the love of life was strong within him he was 'con'ent to die,' lie said, 'as it was God's holy will;' and when death stood beside him he passed as a child falls asleep, and on his face was that look which clings to the memory for ever after, for it spoke of death without its stin"." ln these terrible scenes in the Eastern hospitals, so well described in this work, the Sisters of Mercy had nobly aided Miss Nightingale, and without thesr co-operation *iss Nightingale herself badacknowledged that she could not have carried on her gigantic work; but the chaplain of the convent from which they came and the bishop who had received them into that convent were .Maynooth priests. To show, therefore, the effects of Maynooth teaching, it was not uimportant to know howv these Sisters of Mlercy ha1 worked, and how their services weregarded by the men. This was the testimony of the lady whose book he had been quoting on this point:- "Our occupations were so overwhelming that those work- ing in the Barrack Hospital had not time even to -visit the General Hospital; so that no more can be said than that this hospital proceeded on the same rouine as the Barrack Hospital. The plan was for both hospitalc to be served by sisters, ladies, and nurses hut of the twvo latter classes t.he ladiX WCXQ iIJ, .iP 4 the nWalgi es t the ame or dis%sid for immoral -conduct. The whole burden, therefore,fell-. upon the sisters, who admirably fullilled their duties, giving great satisfaction to the Lady Superintendent and the medical officers." . Herewas snother passage to the same effect " Two days after ldiss Stanley left one of the two remnaining paid nurses sickened with fever; her compauion was required to nurse her, so that the whole workof both hospitals fell Upon the one lady and the 10 sisters, one of whom wasstill dangerously ilL 'lhat ladyeanneverforgetthe intense anxiety of that week, sbort as thie time was: Every day precious lives hung in the balance; never canshe f6rget the mndefatigable manner in which the Sisters of Mercy -carried on the work of the hospitad. Aready tasked beyond their strength, they willingly and cheerfully took the addi. tional duty, vwhich thedeSarture, illness, and death amnong the Lady staff had throw;n on their hands - and so admirable -wa-s their method, so unremitting their sill, that no patient in the hospital (it may be condidently said] suffered from the dimiznution of numbers." But, besides attending on Irish Roman Catholics, these sisters attended on Scotch and English Protestants; and in no case were their attentions poisoned by any attempt at religious proselytism. Here was the case of a Scotch Presbyterian soldier attended by them:- " Fisher was a singularly rough, quaint man, not given to many words of gratitade; but it was pleasant to see the way in which his pale, wan face lt up when Sister M- E- -made her appearance. His eyes followed her about the ward as she went to her other patients; and though he did not say much to express his sense of her services, yet a fewv words from him spoke a volume of the deep feeling that was in bis heart At last death came for himn; he passed awaiv nthouat.a visible pang, just worn out." Speaking generally of the sisters' iafluence this lady said,- The sisters' influence over the soldiers was very great. Earnest and touching were the blessings poured on their heads. ' I shall be a different man,' said one, 'when I go out of this hospitaL' ' The prayers of my widowed mother in England wiull go apto heaven for you,' said another." - No public recognition had yet been made of the services of these sisters,; but, though they shrunk from such a recoznih-ion, Catholic members had-a right.to-oboa.-t of their lab6urs and their services, and to refer to them in answer-to thefoul calumnies on which the advocates of this bill rested their arguments. {Cheers.) It was said that the doctrines taught at laynooth were idolatrous; but he would show that they were no more idolatrous -than those which L-ather himself had held. 1he teaching of the Catholic catechism, of which 100,000 werc circulated in Ireland every year, as to, the adoration of saints was as follows:- "Arew e forbidden to honour the saints ?-No; if we only honour them as God's special friends and faithful servants, and if we do not give them supreme or divine honour, which belongs to God alone. "How do Catholics distinguish between the honour they give to God and the honour they give to the saints, when they pray to God and the saints 9-Of God alone they beg grace and mercy, and of the saints they eonly ask the assisth lure of their prawers.-Tobias oii. h12." With respect to the use of the crucifi c and of images the catechism ran thus .- " May we then pray to the crucifix, or to the images omr relics of the saints '-By no means, for they havte neither life nor sense nor power to hear or help us. G "OWhy, then, do we pray before the cracifis, and before the images and reics of thle saints .-Because they eniven oar devotion by excitidg pious affections and desires, and by reminding us of Christ and his -aints they also encourage "so imitiae, their vairtues and good works o-tone nay 1b; ehis, eithought, wasa complete answer to the misstatements w hich had been made on this subject by the hon. member for Iorth Wlariceolshre and his friends. A s to the use of images, Luther himself said- "It is not wrong to have images. God himself, in the Old Testament, commanded the brazen serpent to be erected, and ordered cherubs to be placed on the golden ark. It is the adorp t 1 of images that God as forbidden." And again- "Since, therefore, altars and statues of stone maybha erected i thout disobedience to the law of God (for adoration is not a necessary consequentc), I hope that my Iconoclasts wnil he obliged to leave me a crucifhx or the image of the blessed WVirgin."-VoL ir;w, p. 39, Jena. As topurgatory, he said:- "As to what relates to purgatory, I do notfear to say that we must believe it with a lrm and resolute faith; for I am sure and certain that the poor souls in purgatory suffer nexpressIble torture, and that we can asssist them by prayer, by fasting, by alpsedeeds, or by some other good work.-Vole i., p. 165, Jena. His teaching with regard to auricular confession and the inlocation of saints was identical with the doctrines of the Roman Catholic church. (Hear, hear.) The hon. momber for North warwickahire would do well to abandon his crusade against Maynooth, of which he could assure him he world never make anything (hear, hear), and apply himself to the work which was cut out for him nearer home. retghim apply hieself to the correction of that state of worsethan heathen ignorance" in which, according to a resolution proposed by the noble lord the member formiddlesex at a public meeting held only last week, a marge proportion of the population of some of the parishes of London were at this moment left. That would he far better than despatehing a fdood of "white choless (laughter) to Ireland on the senseless and farcical errand of converting the Irish people. AL paragraph which appeared in !flee Yimes the other day stated that 700 3Iormon emitrants had left Albany for the SaltBake, of whon 427 were from Wales, and the remainder from England and Scotland. There was not one man or woman from Ireland among thern Those, therefore, who who were so eager to throw stones at sahnooth ougtht to remember that their ow n houses were more brittle than glass. (A laugh.) Every calumny against this college was disproved by the character not only of the priesthood, but ofothe people. A word as to the probable result of this lotion. if the hon. gentleman was determined tompersevere in his coume, let him do so. All the Roman Catholic members could do wasutoresistit * they had no authorityto act otherwoise. i t the anpeirsowna eductions and not very strugly in favour of the maintenance of the Maynoothegrant, which he elieved to be a bulvwark of the estab lished church. He desired, in common wich the hon. member fortochdale(hr. MhI), to seethe impartial disendowmeat of al creeds, and the prevalence of religious equality throughout the country. but at present the Roman Catholics of Ireland had to support an alien religious establishment in addition to their own church and their own educational and charitabe institutionsw and the burdens which thus Tressed upon them were fully as much as they could bear. Let this grant be withdrawtn, and there was not an Irish Roman Catholic vth a shilling in his pocket who would not give that shileng to maininin this college. But in what spirit would be gave itn he would not grudge the moned be contributed towards the institution, hut would ourse the bigotry and fanaticism whEich did the wrong and.compelied him toemake such asacrinfce. Enough ead already been done to irritate the people of Irelandsndmethingeshouldnow be done to conciliate them. They had stood nobly by England in the lato war, as they would do in all her wars; but why constantly insult and exasperate the very men wrhom we -knew we could not do without 9 It was idle to think of inducing the Roman Catholics to abandon their religion. Such a vain hope might, indeed, he kept, alive in the minds of dyspeptic old maids and superannuated dowvagers by the arts of clerical hypocrisy and huxmbueg (lautghter); hut it was a farc and a delusion which not all the combined influence of landlord, of patron and of money could convert IntO a reality. t Lt the hon. gentleman and his supporters persevere, however, in their delusion. They might shake Maynooth, and even demolish every altar which Catholc piety bad raised up f n Ireland; but as long as the people of thas country survived Cathoec faith (Hear, hear.) p rt. DRt MMOND said that the hon. gentleman who spoke last had connected the maintenagce of oaynooth with tbe existence of the wrish established church, and declared that they must both astaud or fa' toaether. Ele entirely concurred nr that opinion, int wished to make an observation which hon. gentlemen, and oarticu'uly those who were opposed to both of these rnstitutions, rere tery apt to overlook. They fancied that the church was an enormous gainer by the temporal support it received from the Sthate but the fact was, that in the union bet ween the two the State alone gained, and the church vas an incalculable loser. (Hoear, hear.) He had said beforc, and he now repchted, that the hon. gentleman (Mr.: Spooner) deserved the thanks of the Eouse for bringing forward this qucstion, which was one that could fitly be coosidered in that assembly at least once a-year. (A laulgh.) If that were done there was some hope that in the course of time hon. members on both sides would be able to discriminate betwveen the church and the abuses of a usurping priesthood. He could not, however, agree in the terms applied by the hon. gentleman to the ohurch of Rtome-first, because he believed that of all the sects tolerated in this country that church was the only one wahich contained the whole truth; and nexit, because it was his firm conviction that use was made of the abuses in the church of Rome merely to parry an attack rnade upon a -.ital part of every church. The hon. gentlemlan and the whole party to which he belonged were doing th-ir best to decry the order of the priesthood. "The sacrifice of the mass" was stigmatized as idolatrAy, but the reality which those words expressed was of the very essence of religion; and, mnoreover, 3f the hon. gentleman lookel for religion anywFhere but to a priesthood and to sacraments ihe would look in nvainfor Godupon this eaith. (Elear.) HEcmight, indeed, have some vague notion of " A great First Cause, least understood," but he could discern nothing of a tangible religion, or of God in the flesh. On this great truth of a visiole priesthood religion had in all ages been bised, and therefore he urged the discussion of thisqrquestion in that house, not for the interests of Protestantism, burt for the comion rights of mankind which were a3sailed by priestly usurpation. Wherever the priesthood possessed the ascendancy mankind was sure to be degraded. Viewing the present condition of Europe, who 'was it who were at this moment praetising the mbost outrageous cruelty andpersecution 2 The Roman Catholi- priests everywhere. Who were the abettors of political tyranny in Naples? The Roman Catholic priesthood. ("Na.") The hon genIleman whosaid "No" should go there and see. (A laugh.) How was it that that priesthood got hold of a poor-witted Emperor of Austria, and made him in sickness vow that he would restore to it all the power wvhich his wiser father had withheld ? How was it that similar things were going on in Bavaria and in other continiental States ? In our own ountry aso they were insinuating themselves into every union and every gaol, for the sole purpose of creatiDg disorder. At the same time, he was unable to go the whole length with either party in this matter. If they were determined to legislate for Great Britain and Ireland on sectarian principles they were not fit fortheir office. They must rise superior to their sectarian feelings, and remembering that they were ruling over a mixked people, pay as much respect to tle prejudices of one sect as to those of another. (Hear, hear.) But further, this country pledged itself to the Irish people at the time of thelUnion that this grant would be imaintained; and, as honest men, we could not now depart from our word. He went as far as the hon. gentleman in exposing the immorality taughn by Roman Catholic priests. Every Roman Catholic State in Europe had found it impossible to keep its people in suhbjection while the Jesuilts -were-snffere 2edto-.exch-pern their nltramontane-and subversive doctrines , an;= -had -been obliged- to expel the followers of U_yola'fr,omits; doiiiiions Io - It.' wAs not -true that th-torder had beiie th apromoters of religionAtheywere organized and banded'togethersu,ia_ comoin rebellion against the Word of God. They kept the Scrip. tures as far as they; c6uld'fromi 4everybody. Be wanted Roman Catholic-gentleimea-not because tiey were Roman -Catholics,but as men-to-telltheirpriests that, as inen, they were superior to the priesthood'; and that,. sinde God had give Hais Word to man, as men they had a right to possess it. But' in seeldng to do battle with thehrpests through their schools, and in makin the 'poor childenx the-cat's paw of '.feir anta3gonism, the Protest3nstmembers were taking up wrong ground. They insisted on the reading of the Bible in the schools-a practice to wvhich it was a point of_con- science with the Roman Catholic pareut to object. The reading' of a chapter of the Bible was, not teaching religion, especially AS it 'lwas idmnitted that so attempt nmust be mlade to explain its contents; and, as a mere reading. lesson wras all that ,vas intended,' it wvas obvions that the 'Hitoily of Torn: Ts/u,n? or of Jac7k th'e Giant Killer would do eqully as welL. (Laughter.) The wvay to combat thedoct,rines of the pries,ts-w,vas not_by' repealing the Ma,ynooth grant, but by donbling itr so as to improve the system of instruction pursued in the college. The reason for transferring the Romian Catholic priestsfromn Douay to this country having ceased, it wvould be better to revert to the former plan, and by giving them a larger .su:m avnd sending them to Rome or elsewhere, secure for them a superior education to-that which -they now received. The only use of education consisted in teachino- men to thinlrand Creason for themselves.. This, howvever, the Roman Catholic priests never inculcated, On the contrary, the thing set before themson Dr. Wisemnan's recommendation as the perfection of the human mnind was, that they Should swear that black was white and wbite black.' (Laughter.) This was no calumny of his, but the distinct dez.laration of-the recognized leader of the Rloman Catholic clergy of this country. The legitimate mode of putting an end to this systemn was to increase the means of education. Ee had the pleasure of knowringr many Roman Catholic priests who regarded the doctrines of Liguori very much as he did; bUt it was pe'rfectly fair to charge those doctrines 'upon the church of Rome, bcecause Iiguori's work had been sanctioned by that church,' wvhich had deelared that the author never rote a word deserving of censure. As to the opinions of lLuther, to which reference had beenamade, they carried no authority over Protestants. The RIouse had been warned that the repeal of this grant would rouse the indignation of 0,000,000 of -Irishmen. It was not to say, because there was danger in any given coarse, that that danger wvaS under no circlumstances to be faced. But it ws foolhardiness to shut oar eyes and declare that there was no danger. Therewals danger.in the present proposal;* and those hon. gentlemen' who were now c andidates for the succession to the Treasury benches should remember that after their vot.e that day they would stand pledged to the repeal of this grant. (Hear, hear.) Mr. N'EWDEG ATE thought the paradox maintained by the hon. member for West Surrey, that the best way to combat the dangerous doctrines of the Roman Catholic priesthood was to increase the funds applicable to the inculcation of those doctrines, hardly required serious refutation, being palpably self-contradictory. His (Mr. lNewdegate's) objection to this grant wvas, that this-country-ought not tosupportaninstitutionwhereprincioles were taught that were subversive of her ovrn existence as a Protestant nation, and which were also felt to be tyrannical by many lay members of the Rtoman Catholic communion. The late lurd Beaumont, an enlightenedRoman Catholic, complained of the Papal aggression of 1850, as forcing the laity of his church either to beunfaithful to their allegiance to their Sovereign or to appear false to 'the ecclesiastical authority which they recognized; and many other excellent Roman Catholics held similar opinions against the intrusion of a foreign authority in the affairs of the English branch of their church. The funds of the State ought not to be put into the hands of a priesthood appointed from Rnme, and holdinse and inculcating Principles fatal to the liberties of mankhlid. The vote of the other night against any modfifi.- cation in the national system of education in Ireland would suffice of itself to seal the doom of -'this grant. The House had refused the aid of the State to all schools in w hich the Bible was read during the ordinary hours of instruction, and that, toc, irrespective of 'whether or not there wras a single Roman C7atholic scholar attending them; and yet they wvere now' askedto continue a vote of 30,000!. a-year for the direct objects, of Roman Catholic pro.selytismnW Their position was therefore this, tha2t they favoured Rloman Catholic proselytism, while they curbed the dissemination of the Sc-ziptures. Sir H. Peel, in 1845, repudiated the doctrine that Parliament-rwas 'nder compact to maintain the Haynooth grant, asserting that it was a free gift to be given or wiithheld on considerations of espediency. As to the allegation that the 'withdrawal of this grant would endanlger the established church in Ireland, itwvas achimera conjured'up by those who were destituste of more substantial arguments. It wras absud to suppose that the Protestant strength first bronght to bear to 'uproot its antagonist wroald afterwards be turned suicidally against one of its owrn best allies. (Hear.) MIr. BLAND, as a Protestant representative of a RomanCatholic constituency, said that the passing of such a biUl as that now before theIHouse would be the first step towards the demolition of the established church in Ireland. Although he did not regard that church as the soSU!Zrll,7 J07ZU77, its destruction through the abolition of this grant would subject the Protestants of Ireland to an ordeal wYhich he should deeply regret towitness. Thu repeal of this grant would place the Protestants of that country in the position of persecutors, and he should, therefore, vote agfainst the second reading of- this bilL. The supporters of this measure were divided into two parties. One p arty wras the hon. gentleman-the member for Xorth Warwrickshire (.Mr. Syooner), and those who sat behind him. Their opposition to this grant, although partly resting on religious ground's, was not entirely free from the infiuence of a regard for the good things of the world. They were not prepared to give 'up the church establiShment, which he warned them they were by this measure doing their best to distur'o. Since the year 1829 a spirit of conciliation betwveen the Catholics and Protestants of Ireland had sprung 'up- That spirit was now every day increasing in strength, and he should be sorry to see its growtah rudely disturbed by such a measure as that now before the House. If this bill were cared, the Catholics w.ould instruct the people of Ireland as to the conveyance of church property, and wrould teach them that it had once belonged to themselves. That property stood on a different footing to that of the EEnglish church. In E3ngland, priest and population changed their religion together; in Ireland the majority of the peojde did not change their religion, and the property was rnuely and by violence forced from them. The foundation of the church in Ireland was prescription and the love of peace. Where would be the latter elemer,t if this bill were carried? (E[ear, hear.) It would open the ilood, gates of discord and disunion, and would revive animosities, whEich it had taken i0 years to quelL. Another class of sulpporters of this measure were those who were supporters og voluntaryism, and who said, "Let the Roman 'Catholict support their owfn ministers." He would remind these gentleman that their position and that of the Roman Cathoj lics of Ireland were very diffierent. They had come out of the church wiuth wvealth and powver, and consequently, were able to, and did, support their ownministers. By the wi thdi-awal of their church property, and by the operation of the penal laws, the Roman Catholics of Ireland had beeq placed in a very different position;* and then, in a spirit of Christian charity, these gentleman said to the Roman Catholics of Ireland, "We 'will not give you ~30,00UZ-." This sum was for the Roman Catholics of Ireland, but 1:)d. to lJd. each, 'while the revenues for religions and educational purposes possessed by the established church amorunted to ll. 1isa. per head. According to this calculation, twvo Protestants were equal to' 700 Rloman Catholies. Was there then anything unreasonable in asking the House to continue thls grant?r Did the hon. member for ?Torth Warwick-shire think that by measures such as this he could drive the Roman Catholic priests out of Ireland 7 D,d he think that he could convert the people of Ireland by persecution? A.Ul history pointed to an opposite concl.usion. (Hear, hear.) Sir J. PAKINGTON.-I think the time is nowv come whBen it is my duty to answverthat appeal wlhich wras made to -use on Monday evening, I think rather inopportunely, by the right hon. gentleman the Secretary of State for the colonies (Mr. Labeuchere), who on that occasion showved an avidity forIrish discussions which exceeded anything w ithin nmy recollection. He seemed to me as though hlis courage rOSe as the prospect of opposition diminished, and w hen he found that there w as not likely to bena serious debate on the -question of Irish education, he said, "Now let us have a turn at .Maynooth." He very directly appealed to myselr and several other gentlemen on this side of the house, and asked'why, when my hon. friend the member for North WarwvieL-shire (Mr. Spooner) brought forwvard this question, we were not in our places ? So far as Ilam mxyself concerned, I have no hesitation in stating franl;ly that 1 wvas intentionally absent upon that occasion. (HIear, hear.) I was inten-tionally absent, because I think that no reflecting man can shut his 03 es to the difticulties by whEich this question is surrounded, and I felt that 'whoever recorded his vote noon the motiol of my hon. friend would, to a certain e.xtnti st-and pledged as either a supporter or an opponent of our present system 'with regard to Maynooth. From what I had heard of the views of may hon. friend, I was very desirous to know 'what would be the nature of his proposition, what the scope of his bill, before I gave any vote 'which should pledge mie to the pursuit of a particular course. I wvas not writhout hopes that my hon. friend nmight have framed his measure in such -a spirit of fairness towards the Roman Calholies of Irel iad as would have enabled inc to give him my support. I find that tbat has not been the case. (Hear, hear.) My hen. friend has brought forward a bill which merely goes to repeal the act of 1845, and thereby to reverse the policy towards Ireland whioh has for upwards of half--century been pursued by this country. (Chcers.) There is no reservation, no exception, in the bill of my hon. friend, bhi that he wvii respect the existing interests of Maynootlh sa long as the education of the pupils now there may require it. I thlnk- there is no denying that by the course now taken by my hon. friend, and by the course taken on a former evening with regard to education in Ireland, questions of principle are raised involving conscientious opinions, and the time is now coine when members who are accustomed to take part in the proceedings of this House are bound frankly asid honesly to state -their views. Acting upon that- opinion, I for one must declare that I am not prepared to take any step Nvhich shall reverse the policy of this country. (Cheers.) That feeling I entertain no less with regard 'to the question raised th7 other night, than to that now before the House. I can ba no party to any step which may injure or imsnair the system of -educationin Ireland. (Cheers.) If I couid iniprove itif I could make it more equal-if I could embrace 'vithin it persons vho do not now benefit by t I'would thankfuly do so; but I can do nothinxg which would tend to cGonract or to injure it. Asmy hon. friend behind me- (Mr. Newdegate) has referred to that subject, I hope that the House will allow me to make one brief allusioil to it. My hon. friend referred to a point which I have heard made the subject of speeches in this house and of declamation out of doo-r, a.sd 'whioh I hgve seen broadly and constantly stated in the - newspers-nz-tattheScriphires are excluded from -the system of education in Ireland. sow, Sir, wbatever maw hbe' my'viws upon ths ~iubject and to the passa,ge quotd :ftomU7 former speech of- ine by the hon. mnember-for -L6uth (Mr. Fortescue), I. strictly and completely adhereIam no advocate of any system of education which excludes '-the use, of the' SciptureiT aHe'learz) Il ook-pon it .tha the real question which has ately beien t it e*as8io1 whetheriou are to exclude the Scriptures, but whetheror mot yooare to be.<t Mbertyto enforee their icading I *(Cheers.)* Thos3ewho entertain, the Onion that the Scriptures are excluded from the Irish system of education I .beg to refer to the 11th.-rle of the boa.rd, irwicl it isaated as broadly and as distindly as possible that the hools of Irland are free to se andr ead- the Scriptures. (Rear, bear.) With regard to Mayno6th, I im bounnd to ask myself whether there is any consideration, either reli1ious or political, wbich calLs upon- me, looking at the divided nature of ourpopulation Qhear, hear)lo6kingt the federal interests of the empire (hear, hear)- a member oi this House ana a Protestant Christian, to reverse the policy which has been pursued for half a century ? (Cheers.) I an debarred from tidng the same line as my hon. friend the member for North Warwiclkhire (Mr. Spooner) wlho makes this a matter of -principle, and says that it does violence to his conscience to be a party to this nual g3rant, because in the year 1845 I both spoke and voted in favour of the conciliatory course which was then taken bythe Go-vernment of Sir Robert PeeL The reasan which I usga for supporting the measure then proposed vws that I thought it most important that we should adopta conciliatorv policy towards the Roman Catholics of Ireland. I anr bound to say that circumstances have since occurred which must have caused great disappointment to the advocates of that measure. (Hear, hear.) Since that periocl ;we have had the Papal agresion, as it is called, and the Synod of Thurles, and other events have occurred which have shown that the Roman Catholic body have, in some instances, -not been so sensible as I anticipated they would have been of the spirit which animated the Government of 1545. On the other hand, these events occurred many years ago, and I doubt whether there has ever been a period during which peace has mere prevailed, and during which there has been a greater absence of all bitterness of feeling betweeni Roman Catholics and Protestants than at the present moment, and for many years past. I, therefore, must say that this would be a moat unfortunate moment for the adoption of arny hostile policy. Let me make this appeal to my friends on both sides- of the house who take strong views upon this sibject. Do they think it desirable, that Ireland-of the oopulation of which 5,000,001 or 6,000,000 are Romai Catholics-should be vithout a priesthood? (Cheers.) Not oven the most zealous Protestant, knowing that the Roman Catholcs are onr fellow-Clristians, can wish them to be without a priesthood. Is it better, then, that the members of that yriesthood should be trained in a foreign country, or under our own eyes, and in the land in which their sacred duties are to be performed? I must say that I think a dispassionate man can arrive at but one answer to this question. I aim told that by making a grant for the training of the priesthood of a faith different from the national religion we are gnuilty of an anomaly. Why, Sir, the whole state of religious endowvment in Ireland is an anomaly. (Cheers.) In making that statement, however, let me say that I think the wise p ecy for this country is to maintain things as they are. (Cheers.) It was ouly by accident that I was, on a for. muer even:ng prevented from recording nsy vote apainst tho motion of the hon. member for Roechdale (Mr. Mmia), with regard tothe Irish Church. Had it not been for an accident I should decidedly have recorded my vote againstthat propositionL In fact, Ithought the course taken by that hon. gentleman was so extreme, that Ihanily supposed hismotion could gO to'a serious division in this house. I am most distinctly opposed to any invasion of the snrtus of the established' church in Ireland. At the same time, and upon similar principles,Ithin thatitwould benmost unwise to disturbthegrant which was made to the Remnan Catholics of Ireland for the purpose of trainng their priesthood. I hold thesc opinions distinctly as a Protestant member of this House. (Hear, hear.) I will not yield to my hon. friend near me (Mr. Spooner), norto any other man in this house, in the trath and sincerity of my Protestantism. I am neither a Roman Catholic nor semi-Roman Catholic; but the first and broadest duty which my Protestantismn teaches me is that of toleration and charity to all. (Hear bear.) I therefore think that it -would be most undesirable to excite any of those angry feelings vhich must be the inevitable results of this bill, or to sever that connexion of the State with the College of Maynooth which has now been sanctioned by every party in politics for upwYards of half a-century. At the same time, Ijmunst add, that it is impossible to regard the present slate of this qulestion withoult acknowYledging that it is surrounded by great difficulty, and is attended by considerable anxiety It isimpossible to d2nythat tho views expressed by my hon - - friend the member for l\'orth WVarwickahlre (MLr. Spooner), are views. entertained by a very larga proportion of the people of this country. It is a most unfortunate fact-a. fact which is disadvantageous to the Roman Catholics themselves, and to the whole country-that -we should be subject to this periodical excitement. (Cheers.) One, of the motives which led the Government of Sir Robert Peel to propose the measure of 1845 was that they might put an end to the annual discussions by which Parliament and the whole country were excited. (H1ear, hear.) 'Unfortunately that laudable object has not been attained. My hon. friend near me (Mr. Spooner), actuated, I am sure, by feelings as honourible and conscientious as ever actuatei any public man, still subjects us to this periodical excitement. (Hear, hear.) On that ground I would throw it out for the consideration of the House and, above all, for that of Her Majesty's Isilnisters, whether it might niot be possibletto devise some mode by which an end may bh put to these annual grants anon a footing wvhich shall beconsented to by the Roman llaholics, and shall preservo the spirit of wh3t has been done. If we could arrive at sulch a solultion it would be most desirable to do so. If there is no such possibility, I, forone, cannotconsentto. support thevithdrawalof the grant, and must, undoubtedly, vote against the specific proposition now before the House. (Cheers.) Mr. BOWYER said, that two circumsances-the insincerity of these who supported it, and the result of the inquiries of the Maynooth commission, ought to lead tha Heuse to reject this biL In spealking of insincoerity, hb referred to the right hon. gentlemen the members for InnisIillen (Mr. 'Whiteside) and the University of Dublin (Ar. Napier), who having on all occasions spoken strongly anad violently in favour of the abolition ofthe grantto laynooth, yet, when they were the law officers of the Crown, satsilent. upon the Treasury bench, and made no attempt to carry out sueh a measure. Were they in the same position again they must adopt a similar course, because there was no man who. hadheld, orwho wasfittohold,highloffice, who didlnot seethe ab'surdity of reserving a policy which had been inaugurated by Mr. Pitt. Fault was found with the College of Maynooth, that it was ultramontane. Those who. made suh a complaint did not know what ultrainotanisin was. The onlv fault which he found with that college vas, that it was not ultranmontane enough. The theology taught. there was not the ultramontane. which he believed to be the only true system of theology. (Ironical eheers.) The hon. member for West Surrey had referred to Liguori, but the works of that author were not text books at Maynooth. The hon. gentleman also saia that every Catholic was bound to believe aU that T-iguori had written. Now, he (.Mr. Bowyer) did believe everything in Liguori's worl:s (laughter), but other persons, who were quite as good' Catholics as himself, might not agree in all Liguori's opinions. The hon. gentleman had referred to the decrees of the church of Rome on this subject, but that pait of the question had been so fully dealt with by the hon. niember for Dungarvan in his able ansd eloquent speech thkt it wa3 unnecessary for him (,Ur. Bowyer) to press it further upon the attention of the House. lIe contended that the Catholia church afforded the best example of tho success of the voluntary principle, for the Catholic church in Ireland-with the exception of the MaTznooth grant-and the Catholic chureh in America depended entirely uponvolnntary support. The Catholics of Ireland would ho perfectly ready 't relinquish. the :blaynooth grant if the endoaenscits which bad beua transferred from their church to the Protestaut church we, e restored to t'hem ; but unless hon. gentlemen wvho supDorted this bill were willing to consent to such an arrangement he would feel it his duty to support 'he amendment. ML. HORSIAN said that on grounds of justice, policy, and good faith the Government deemed it incunarihnt upon themn to support the amendment. It had been frequently stated, on the part of HernMajesty's Governient, that from the cireumstancesunder which the grant to Maynooth WIas originally made they felt bound in good faith to continue it. As a measure of policy, also, they deemed it necessary to adhere to the grant, because its continuance involved the peace and tranquillity of Ireland; and he contended that, as an act of justice, the grant must be maintained because, while the established church possessed large reverues, and while the Presbyterian ehurch received Pa rliamentary grants, he thought it would be most unjust as well as most impolitic to deprive the great body of the Irish people of the scanty means now supplied by the State, for the support of their religion. He agreed vith the right lion, member for D:oitvvich (Sir J. -Fakington) in dep,recatig annual discussions upon a question of which, without meaning any disrespect to the hon. member for S=or'h Warwickahire (Mr. Spooncr), ha mnst say both sides of the House had long been weary. (" Heir," and laughter.) Theyhadhad diseussions of this kinddd gad Ca7re, and7 he smxv DOchance of avoiding thlen so lon) as the hon. member for NorthjWarwickshire persisted in a course which no doubt conscientsous motives induced hin to Ipursue; but if the right hon. member for Droitwich could snggerst any mode which would relieve them from such debates le (Mr. HorEmian) had no doubt the House would feel greatly beholden to him. (Laughter.) The late Sir I. Peel had with great foresight and sagacity, proposed that thegrant to Xa3nooth should be transferred from the annual estiniates to the consolidated fund. That proposal was agreed to, andhe (SIr. Horsman) had hoped that that measure would have prevented contention .about this grant, which, althoughl miserabDle in amount, involved a principle of th e utmost imnportance to the Ronman Catholics of Ireland. (Har, h:ear.) Tnhe hon. member for SNorth Wllarwickshire had rot shownthat the costinunaceof ithe grant was attended with any practical eili, nor had he endeavoured to prove that any benefit wiould result from it. discontinuance. The hon. gentleman simply declared his opinion th at the continuance of tme grant was a great national sin. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Spooner, and la.ghter.) It did not appear, however, that many hon gentlenmen on the opposite benches were disposed to support that viewv of the case. He (Mr. Horsman) believed that it was a national duty on the part of the Legislature to pronmote the tran- quility and the morlifty of the Lrish people by providing them wtih the means of religious instruction ; -nnd if the Legislature neglcted that duty, in his opinion they would counLait a great national sin. (Rear, hear.) He was- convinced that the moral, social, intellectual, and religious progress of the Irish people nould be retarded if the bill of the hon. member for North Warwicklhire werecadopted, and he therefore felt bound to oppose it. The right hon. mnember for the -University of Dublin had not taken the same ground as the hen. member for Nqorth Warwickshire, bat he er,tered into a minute discussion of controversial points, and,havingetatedthatthewcrks of cert,inauthorswl o did nothold ultramontane doctrines were fornerly iusedin the C'plege of 3tays ooth,wb}ile the witifngs fultramuontaiistsh
PAPLIAMEYTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMIONS. THuRSDAY. Ir 2a. OP-D-rs OF Ti' -Ay AT 12 o'cLocs. Parochial Schoolmastets (Scotland) (Tests).-Committee thereupon. Parccaial Schools (Scotland) Bill,-Committee. Graad Jury xcxesoments (Ireland) Bill,-Third reading. Chlrch Bnuiding Commission Bldl,-Sccond reading. .o_uXStock Banks Bil,-Adjourned debate on going into Com1l13ttee. Dissenters Marriages BiP-As amended, to be considered. ItOTI,ES OF XOTIOVS. AT 12 'sktLocst. Sir John rakington,-To ask whe,ter Government have comipleted arrangements for po;tal communication between Eu&land and Aus. tralia; and, Li so. wiest i ;hu tusturo of those arrangements Amendmenuts to be proposed in committee on Parochial Schools .1Scotlanl) Bill. ORDiORS OF TIIIl DAY. AT TUIE EV Es:I'U SITTIS0. Wills and Admainistrations lill.-Sacnd reatling. Regis.tm.-in ot \ tsesr t.Scotland) Bill.-Third reading. Poor Lawv Amrendmeent -No. 2) Bill.-Second reading. Drainage (IreLand) Bill.-Committe. CailnbridgL Uuiversity Bill. -Third reading. Vice-President of Csminitles of Council on Edtication BIU,-Second reading. Coatham Marriages Vslidtiy Bill,-Committee. Smoke Nuuinsnc,~ Abatement (Metropolis) Act, I=53, Amendment iBiUL-As amended, to bu considered. County CLurts3 )Judgcs S"!arics. &c.?,-Cemmittee thereon. Exchlequer Bills (4,osOOO) Bill,-Secoud reading. Pubt:c O th Bill-Adj.urned debate on second reading. Mercantile Lavv Amendment ;ill,-Second reading. Blercautilr Law (Scotland) Amendment Bdl,-Second reading. nondon Corporation BilD,-Second reading. Corrupt Practices Prcvention Bild-Second reading. Court of ELxc,qucr (Scotiaud)i 'il,-As ameaded, to be considered. Burial Acts Amendlmenst ill, -Second readi"g. Joint-Stock Conmpanim' WVinding-up Acts Amendment Bill, -eom. fLitt e. Deeds (Scotland) Bill.-Second rending. Testanmentary and latrimonial J urinsiction Bill,-Second readiDg. EcclLza1icat I Courts Jurlsdliction Bill.-Second reading. Procedure and Evidence Bill-Committee. Courts of Cormmon Law (lreland)Billh-Commrdttee. Int,ntates' Personal t'htatvL l:lW,-Commnittee. Vaccimation B:ll,-Comnlittee. Judges and C'hancellors iiL-CemmitteC Dlayuooth College Bill.-Adjourned debate on second reading. ,XOITC}S OF MlOTTONS. _TTees: 13vr:CUM, SrrrrsGo. Colonel Linmsa7,-To ask if it is the intenaionof Government to order the Staff pay and allowances to be deducted from officers on the Staff who are not upon full pay during the time they may be temporarily absent from theirStiaffduties. Colonel Dunne.-To ask whether it be true that the Russians have 'own unp the defences of Ismail and Xlln before evacuating thoe -ortaesse- Mr. Pollard-tfluh3rt,-To ask wvhether the Government are aware that certain of the clergy of the established chuirch in the dlocess of Dublin, have probibited Presbyterian and Dissenting clergymen from holding any funeral service at the interment of their People m the consecrated bunral pround, thereby compelling them, in some instances, to hold the funeral service on the highway, or wherever they best could. aIr. }Lume.-To ask the Attorney-General for Ireland whether it is lin intention to prosecute tho parties whom tte laster of the Rtols in Irelanl pointed out as hIiighbeea im plicated in the fraudulent truns action. concluded Wvith the Tippelrary Joint-Stock Bank, andlaore particularly ia the fraudulent issue of shares, and the concoction of a false balance-sheet to be datribated among the shareholders. Mr. Butt -To present a pe tition from his Biglhness seer Ali .Morad. f&sner of Khyrpore, in SCiLde, comp aining of the unjust beizure of his teritorics by ttie authorities of the lr.dian Government, kr. fleywood.-To present petitions from the members of the AngleBiblical institute, and from the General Assembly of General Baptists in England and Wales, in favour of an address to 1er Majesty for a Royal Conmis3ion to inqlire into the amendmnents whic shold be recommended in the authorized version of the Bible. MIr. W. Ewart.-Address for returns of the names, with their rank and regiment (or corps), of all officers of the arsy -who remained in the Crixsea from the first landing there tiUl the end of 'he irar; of the names, rank. and regiment (or corps) of aU offcers who remained from the firat landing tntil they died or feU i action; of tho names, rank, and regiment (or corpe) of aU officers who remained from the first landing to the end of the wvar, with the exception of an interval of absence, stating such inter7al; of the names, rank, and regimnent (orcorps) of aU offlicers who, arriving at any period after the deat landing. remained tiU the end of the war, or who died, or fell in action. withthodate&a their arrival,andoftheirdeath; and. ofthe mames rank, and regiment (or corps) of aU eficers who left the Crimea before the end of the war, with the date of their arrival ,snd departure. and the causes orsuch departure. Caplain Scobell,-Addrzs for returns of the names and rank of tho several otlicers of the army and navy now holding civil appointments in the public service within the united kingdom ; of ttiH date, de-,cripticn, and annual salary and Emolument of each Euch civil ap Siofntiment; and of the annual amaount of half-pay (if any L which each eitch milit.7 or naval otticer respeeti.ely receives, in a=ditlon to the aslar and emolument of each such ciTIi apointment. Mlr. Wilone,-lill to alter the mode C1 providMg for certain exenses now charged on certain partg of the pubhc reventle. hir. DaYi30u.-lteturn respecting the Pale of *,nirits in IrLsand. Colone' Lindasy.-Addease for nominal return of the lientenantcoloneEs of the army on the Ist of Decembtr, 1854, who had been p-rmoted to that rank before the 20th of June I&14 (including those seho weme afterwards i romoted in succession to deceased generals, but ante-elated on the 28 th day of November, 184), showing the number of officera of the army and ordnance v ho have been promoted ov.r each of tiem to thl rank of colonel by the opesation of the warrant of the 6tb of O:ober. 181I: sje ifying the amount of ern-ice on full aid half-p3y; also those ofhicer; who have noet serred six years as regimental field oflicers. and thcem oficers .ho have received brevet promotion. for zervic a in the field. VLcousix lbruiuton,-To move the foUowing resolutions :-That the long-contmur,t excessive mortality of the British irmy has bern mainly caused by the bad sanitary condition of thbir biarack accomrzodationm That thsi Houso bha nvseed with satisaWctiou the eflorisof euccersiTeG(overume ts, aidtd by ParDameantary grAnt, to improye the moral. intellectudl, 3nd phya,cal condition of the British Eoldier and is encoorsged by tiie happy reEults of such efforts and grants tO 'hope mucth from a cont;unance and further oxtet sion of the same. 'Iat much stiU remains to le done with regard to barrack at. commodationa firstly, for iw incres, with a view to the discostinuance of tAo prsent practie of billeting, as being alike oppressive to the cdyilian and demoralizing to the soldier; and secondly. for ita iamprovement, both as rtgards tcohealthy accommodation of the trco,s ingeneral, and the decentaccosusodation of the marriod soldiems. Tfhbat, iu tho opinion of this House, such increase and improvement ore imperatively called for, nut less by gooei policy and trUe e,conomy than, ?syjimtlco ap biwlital.,
fONBY MARKE.Zand CITYTNTELLIGENCE. Wednesdy Evening. The Eng,lish funds opened steadily to-day at the closing quotations of last evening, and subsequently experienced an advance of an eighth, which was maintained to the close of business. The first transactions in Consols were at 944.to J e-x div., and they left off at 944 to i. Consol Scrip closed at 35 to i premium ; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94 to 95; New Three per Cents., 95i to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17 ; India-bonds, 10s. to 14s. premiumn; Exchequer-bonds, 99i to 4; and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 13s. premium. I In the Stock-Exchange the rate for mnoney is about 4 per cent. In the discount-market the supply is daily becoming more abundant, although transactions have not yet occurred below 44 per cent. There was a considerable advance in Turkish stock to-day, extensive purchases of the Six per Cents. having taken place. The improvement was we]l maintained to the close,and the market generally exhlibited firmness. For the account the bargains were at 1031, 1041, 105-, 1044, and 105. Business occurred in the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 105, 105a, i, 106, and 105o. Buenos Ayres, New Grenada, Mexican, and Spanish Certificates were more freely dealt in at better prices. The general transactions comprised-Buenos Ayres, for account, 80, 81, 79, and 82; Grenada, New Active, 195T, 20, and 19k; the Deferred, 72 and , ; Mexican, for the account, 22-, 23, 22,, and 23; Russian Four-anda-Balf per Cents., 99, 98, and 99i; Sardinian Five per Cents., for the account, 921 and 911-; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 47g; the New Deferred, for account, 25k; Spanish Certificates, 6; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96k; and Dutch Ftour per Cent. Certificates, 964-. -The corn-market was firm this' morning at the advance of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 50c. for money, and 70f. 75c. for the end of the month, showinig a decline of nearly a half per cer;t. A further sum of about 150,0001. in gold is understood to have been sold to the Bank to-day. In relation to the affairs of Central America, a correspondent desires to correct a belief lately circulated, to the effect that " the project which adopted the river San Juan and the lake of Nicaragua as the line of the interoceanic canal has comne to an end, and that the prospective company has been dispersed to the winds." It vill therefore be useful to recapitulate in a few lines its actual position. The company was formed in 1850, under a grant from the State of Nicaragua, giving it, on certain conditions, an exclusive right to construct the canal, or, if a canal shoild be found undesirable, a railway or other communication. This grant was also accompanied by an exclusive privilege to navigate the waters of iNicaragua by steam, and to construct internal roads, as well as by a gift of eight sections of land, each of six nmiles square, along the river and lake. It was incorporated by a charter from the State of New York, and its promoters were in active intercourse with Mr. Clayton and Sir Henry Bulwer dluin g the negotiation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, the terG s of which were understood to have been specially framed with a view to the co-operation of Englalnd and America in the construction of the route, the colonization of the country, and the maintenance of its independence and neutrality. This intercourse, moreover, led to a pledge being given by the American holders of the concession, that one-half of its valuable privileges should be oifered to Great Britain. Thus far nothing could have been mr;re satisfactory or promising than tle prospects of the enterprise. The-company then depuLted iMessrs. Wlhite and Vanderbilt as commnissioners to London to make an unreserved offer of participation in all that they had secured. Upon their arrival they were met by every exploded objection that could be resuscitated. The impossibility of navigating the river and lalke, the dangers from earthquakes, reptiles, malaria, and hostile savage?, we]e psrEn ciously ins'sted upon, and the commissioners fouid themselves treated rather as adventurers seeking a great boon than as persons who had gained something of value by their promptitude and shrewdniess, and who now, from motives of sound policy, with which they had the sense to perceive their own interests were identified, had come to make a frank and liberal offer to divide it. Wben they had demonstrated the futile nature of i the various objections, and no alternative -was left to the English capitalists but a direct refusal wwithout assigning any reason, or an attempt to delay a decision by demanding fuiTher satisfaction, thle latter course was adopted. A document, signed by some of the most eminent houses in London, was then given to the conmmissioners, promising to introduce the enterprise to the British public if the company would, at their own expense, first cause satisfactory smrveys to be made, and afterwards submit these surveys to the approval of enginieers to be nominated by the British Government. At the same time the commissioners were told that these London capitalists would decline having anything to do with carrying oult the temporary transit, and would prefer to confine their interest toJ the slhip 'canal. The commissioners 3 eturnedto fuilfil the conditions imposed, and finding that the privileges of temporary transit and of steam navigation on the waters of Nicaragua were held in london of no account-although they in fact constituted the most unquestionable prize of the wlhole concession-these gentlemen at once recommended the New York shareholders to procure from the State of Nicaragua a separation of the privileges, so that pending the arrangement of the canal question they might independently secure all the profits of the rapidly increasing traffic by the river and lake. The origiual company was therefore split into twfo companies-one called the Accessory Transit Company, and the other the American, Atlantic, and PaciHic Ship Canal Company. MIeanwhile the requir ed surveys for the canal were carried on at a great outlay by Colonel Childs, the chief engineer of the State of New York, and a numerous staff, and plans and reports were completed and printed whicb, for precision and apparent reliability, lave perhaps rarely been exceeded. The company, having thus fiulfilled wvhat -was required of them as a preliminary condlition to the co-operation of this country, again sent commissioners to London, consisting this time of lMr. WVhite and Air. Routh, accompanied by Colonel Childs. The plans were submitted, and it was found that the cost of the work was estimated at little more than half the amount originally conjectured. Lord Malmesbury, at that time Foreign Secretary, was then requested to name two Governmenlt engineers to verifythem, and these gentlemen, after a long examination, reported, not only in their favour, but expressed greatpersonal confidence in Colonel Childs. Everything then seemed complete, and the commissioners relied upon being able to leave London in a few days with tbe satisfactory announcement that, upon one-half of the capital being arranged to be subscribed in the IUnited States, subscriptions for the other half would be opened in London, and that the two nations would go hand in hand in controlling the future destinies of Central America. To their astonishment, however, they received,a refusal, unaccompanied by a single qualfication to explain or justify the manner in which they had been induced to incur enormous expenses, and to devote two or three years to demonstrate points upon which they themselves were already fully satisfied. In a state of extreme irritation they returned to New York, and laid the whole case before their shareholders and the public. The comments which followed, and which were expressed in formal resolutions, were, as might have been expected, of the strongest character; and it is believed that from that moment the plan of Anmericanizing the country by the method which has since been carried out, and of procuring, if possible, the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, took its rise. The Transit Company are alleged to have used lWalker for that purpose, or, at all events, to have afforded him constant aid in every way. The result of the alliance has been the usual one in such cases-Walker, upon obtaining success, having repudliated them and abolished their privileges, taking advantage of a disputeaniong the managers to transfer the concession to that portion of them whom he believes to be his most devoted adherents. It is possible, however, that the Canal Companv is not necessarily involved in the destruction of the Transit Company. The parties connected with its management are nearly identical, but the shareholders are a different body; and, although the concession was to expire if not acted upon within a certain period, there was a clause to provide for delay in case of civil war or other umforeseen difficullties. This company, therefore, may sti'l be regarded as having a tangible existence, and it is probable that, whenever the question of constructing the canal or a perfect railway communication across the Isthmus shall be revived, tho p\arties intexest2d riJl sndea. your to induce the United States' Government to recognize and enforcetheir claim. The hasty sketch thus given of the most material points of the history will suffice to check the erroneous impression lately conveyed, even by a Government statement in the louse of Commons, that the scheme for the Nicaragua Canal was abandoned on the score of difficulty. Of course, after their repulse on this side, the Americans suffered it to remain in abeyance, because the profits and facilities of the temporary transit route then constituted their object. 'The discussion of the canal plans, moreover, would have increased the obstacles in the way of getting rid of the Clayton-Bulver treaty, which, so long as it exists, must render impracticable the annexation of the country and its conversion into slave States. It is evident that, whatever may have been the cause of the treatment bestowved by the English capitalists and the English Giovernment on the American company-who up to the period of their rebuff had unquestionably acted in good faith, and the value of whose offer has since been demonstrated by practical experience-it is mainly to the consequences of that treatment that all the alarming features which the Central American question has since assumed are due. The public mav be reminded also that this is no new inference, but that such a result was foreseen to be inevitable at the time when politicians and capitalists thought the anxieties expressed upon the subject to be altogether unworthy of their regard. At a meeting of the South Australian Company, held to-day, Mr. E. Divett presiding, the dividend declared was at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum, and the report was unanimously adopted. The progress of sales and leases was considered satis-. factory by the majority, but some of the shareholders consider that the value of the property is under estimated. It was explained on behalf of the board that they are desirous of presenting a faithful but moderate view of affairs, in order to prevent undue expectations. A discussion ensued vwith regard to the remLineration of the directors, which it appears has reached a considerable amount. In answer, it was stated that the allowance is regulated by the deed of settlement, vhich fixes it in proportion to the dividend declared. During the period, when the company was mnan unsatisfactory position the directors were vithout any remunerat^ion for their services, which temporarily involved large responsibilities. Annexed is an abstract of the report "The directors congratulate the proprietors on the favourable position of the company's affairs. By advices to the 19th of February, an abundant harvest had been gathleredin excellent condition, and itwas generally expected that the present would prove a year of commercial pros. perity. The annual valuation of the company's property was made, as usal, at the 31st of October last, and amounted in the aggregate to 426,096!., being an advance of 55,710!. on that of the preceding year. The following is a summary of the valuations :-town lands and buildings, 70,950l.- country lands and buildings, 232,8801.; port lands and buildings, 31,4871.; mineral lands, 34,8841.; wharves and warehouses, 48,4031. ; Kanmantoo mine stores steam dredge, cattle, horses, &c., goods in store at Port Adelaide and sundry property, 7,4921; or a total of 426,0961. The larger portion of this increase arises fronc the addition tothecountry lands, chiefly of those near to Adelaide. Every section has been valued on its own intrinsic merits. Town lands and buildings con prising 126 acres, valued at 70,950?., of which only about SG acres are occupied, yield an annual rental of 4,347l., leaving 91 acres still to be leased. Country lands, consisting of 5G.704 acres, valued at 232,SOl. (being an average of only about 41. per acre), yield a rental of 14,1741. from 49,249 acres actually leased leaving still 7,455 acres to be let. Port lands and buildings, comprising 481 acres, of which only about 50 acres are leased (exclusive of the land occupied by the wharves and warehouses) wield a rental of 2,017?. per annum. This amount it is expected will be materially increased during the present year by additional leases of frontages contiguons to the new line of wharf in course of formation, and to the railway terminus at Port Adel-aide. Nearly 423 acres remain still waste and unoccupied. The property comprised in wharves and warehouses, valued at 48,4031. (including the cost of the new warehouse recently filislied), has yielded the gross income of 9,5S21. during the past year, which has been one of great stagnation of trade. That sum is 443t. under the amount of the previous year, arL.ing chiefly in the item of warehouse rent. The mineral lands malce as yet but a small return in proportion to their estimated value. But as a mineral district, 2,000 acres of which have been ascertained to be rich in copper ore, its value is considered by no means overestimated. The annual rental arising solely from leases of the surface amounts to 660t. for 4,658 acres, let chiefly for pasture and dairy farms, 7,189 acres remaining still unlet. the gross revenue shown by rentrolls made up to the 29th of September last is-rent from tow,n lands and buildings, 4,348!. ; rent from country lands, 14,1751.; rent from port lands and buildings, 2.0171. ; rent from mineral lands, 6600.; making a total of 21,20Ct.* showing an increase of 2,3931. on the amount of the previous year. Adding to the above the income from the wharf and warehouses, amounting> to 9,5831., gives a total of 30,7831. for the year. The total sales of land during the year consist of 216 acres, the steam flour niUll and buildings attached, a barn and old house in the town, two small allotments at the port, and some timber cut on a section near to Adelaide, which have together realized 7,7421. The property thus sold wvas valued. in the previous inventories at 4,40SI., leaving therefore a clear gain of 3,3341., which has been carried to credit of profit and loss. 10O acres of the country lands sold wvere bought by tenants exercising their right of pre-ein tion at 61. and 71. lOs. per acre, 30 acres were sold for roads at 5l. per acre, 14 acres in small townships realized 201. per acre, and 10 acres, sold along with the steam mill, valued at 201. per acre, realized 1,850!., the mill and other buildings being sold at the value put upon them in the inventories. These sales include also the three acres sold to the Port Adelaide Railway at 50l. per acre previously reported. The rental is thereby reduced to the extent of 3751. There have been no purchases of land during the year. Very gratifying progress has been made in leasing the property. During the 12 months endin" the 31st of October, 185a, leases have been ranted of 3,065 acres of country lands, 1,634 acres of mineral lands, 38 acres of towvn lands, and about 10 acres of port lands -in all 4,693 acres, which, with sundry renewals at advanced rents, increases the rental, as already stated, 2,393!. The rents obtained vary considerably according to the quality of the land and the locality. In the country from s. to 12s. per acre. For two sections, close to Adelaide, laid out in smaill allotments, 31. to 6L. per acre have been obtained. T'he few acres in Adelaide, as reported in December last, have been let to yearly tenants at 30s. per acre, and thoso at the port, in small allotments, at the rate of 5!. and 61. per acre. Recent letters advise that during the first quarter of the present year additional leases had been granted of 4,126 acres, principally oi the country and minerallands, on favourable terms, whereby the rental will he further increased to the extent of 1,18^5!. And the manager gives reason to hope that, by renewals of leases about to expire, and further lettings, the rentrolls at the close of this year will present a very decided improvemnent. The improvements at the port were progressing satisfactorily, and would be completed in thne for the opening .of the railway from Adelaide, expected to take place in Mtarch. The expenditure for these operations will be considerable. To meet this, without in any degree touching the income available for dividend, the directurshave decided to exercise their powver of borrowing the necessary funds on debenture bonds;* a permanent increase of capital not being deemed necessary. It only'remains for the directors to state that the accounts show a net income for the past year of 25,56.3!., cut of w'aich they have the pleasure to recommend that a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, or 35s. per share, benow declared on the capital of the company, pay. able, as usual, half-yearly, on the 15th of July and the 15th of January nexit. Since the above was in type letters have been received from Adelaide, dated MIarch 22, wherein oMr. Giles advisesfumtherleasesof landin smallallotmnentscloseto Adelaide at 5!. per acre, about 460 acersof countrylandatSs. and7sa. pJer acre for 14 years, and6500 acres onthe 3muray for pasturage at 2s. and 3s. per acre for seven years. These lettings will increase the rental about 2001. Per nanmam. It is also stated that inquiries are being made for the lands on the Murray, and the manager hopes that the remaining sections there wzill soon be leased. Mlining operations have been resumed on part of the mineral property by a party possessed of capital, to whom a set had been leased a few years ag,o. A trial trip had been made on the Port Adelaide Raiava, vhih was advertised to be opened for traffic on At a meeting of thoUInited MIexican Association, held to-day, it was agreed to reject the proposal for settlinlg the debt of Si220,000, due by the proprietors of the IRa,yas mines, by the payment of Qi30,0()0. To carry out the works at Jesus MSaria, thle prospects of wh)ich are considered satisfactory, the directors will raise 9,5001., the balance of the old loanl of 1854. A meeting of the Australian Royal Mail Steam Company took place this afternoon, when the report was carried, and the directors were authorized to divide such. sums as they may be able to carry to the suspense account before the next ordinary meeting. The exercise of economy wvas urged, and also the speedy realization of the assets. According to a supplemental statement made up to the 21st. inst., their total amount (including items of a doubtful nature) was 08,961!., and after deductitng liabilities a balance remains of 54,5221. The following is an abstract of the report - " Out of the moneys in hand and those due from Government the directors propose to add to the suspense account a sufficient sum for the payment of 10s. a share during the ensuing month. The directors consider that the retaining of the ships in the Government service as long as Possible, is of great importance to the interests of the shareholders. They are all still actively employed as transports, and the latest accounts received state that the service was being performed in a satisfactory manner. Tho stock of coals at St. Vincent and King George's Sound remains the same, with the exception of one or two trifling sales. Should, however, the arrangements proposed by Government for convering the Australian mails by way of Suez be carried out, King George's Soflnd will again ecome a coaling station, and a pmpect will thus be opened op for effecting a sale of the larg stock of coals there belonging to the company. In conformity with the resolution of last general meeting, the directors applied to the Board of Trade for an ex;tension of the company's charter;* no reply, however, has yet been received. Notwithstanding the hitherto profitable employnment of the vesseis in the transport service the directors have used every exertion to realize the property; and they Lne ot wthoat hope6~at aoeo00Wnaathe boat3 ah1XiQ0ao longerrequired in the Governmnent service, they will be enabled to submit a plan for the dissolution and wiindingup of the affairs of the company. Immediatelyafter the last general meeting anegotiation was opened for the purchase of the Victoria and the Adelaide, but the directors regret that the terms proposed were such as could not be acceptedL" The African steamer Ethiope to-day has brought 9,5001. in golddust. With regard to the Swedish Railway, It is stated thatalargenumber of thepreferenceshareshave been taken up by the holders of the old stock. The renainder will be issued to the obligation holders and to the public. They carry a preference dividend of 7 per cent. (reducible to 6 after five years). It is believed that half the line will be opened during the suminer. The Ceylon Railway Comnpany have intimated that no applications for shares wll be received after to-morrow (Thursday). In consequence of the retiremnent of Captain Chappell, Captain Liot has been appointed by the directors Chairman of the Board of .Management of the Royal Mail Steam Company. The amount paid into the Treasury of the East India House for bills on India, from the 10th to the 25th inst., was 91,8661.
THIE CORN TBADE. -~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ OQROEXCHA1GE WE-DS.3I~A 31Th 25 The supples oi grin have not been large, and the rener.xl tendency in conseqtuence is to increased firmCeSS. In wheat the trausction3ams far fross extensive, and oats and barley exhibit an upi=rd movement. nlour, Enllieb 1,3;0 =ks. foreign, 480 sac1ie. 'Thero was a small sappl_ of wheat and oats, and none of barley..- at our Corn-Echango to-day. In consequence of the high ratr3 de-. manded ly bolde. buyers held off. and transactions were entireyconfined to immediate wants In the earwlyartof the market n advauce of Is. to Is. 6d. was realized on wbeat. and 3d. to 6d. onoatz;. but towards the cloae both articles became even mora difficult of sWe. and severalsainmlrsTemainedinsold. Indian corn meet a quiet demand, and must be quoted 6d. higher.
STATE OF TR?ADE. NOTTINGR L, WEDNESDAY. This boing the season of stock-taking, there is not mu.AL doingin the lace trade. The demand for home consumption.. is small, but there is yet a fair amonnt of busines doing irt plain nets-a branch -which has been for some time very active. We have had some buyers from the continent im - the market, but their purchases have not been considerable. There is a fair inquiy for blondes. IUponthe whole, worl- men are well employed, and good wages are given. After - stock-taking, we may expect greater activity. In hosiery, from the same cause as in lace-namely, tha talng of stock-there is less doing ; still manufacturers hava no reason to cam lain, as the trae has been, and indeed continues, healt. There is not much alteration in thE price of yarns. __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
CApFF_IRIAB.-Two blue-books, lately publishe(,4 contain further papers relating to the state of the Cafa tribes (in continuation of papers presented last year), sna further correspondence on the subject of convict discipline and transportation. It appears from the fist oo7k that the Estate of the Caffre tribes is very satisfactory, and thjt according to one of the last despatches received front Governor Sir G. Grey, the experiments of employing thet Caffres on public works has proved highly successful. The Caffres have aIsO shown an anxiety to have induastral schools established among them, and guch schools are in progreesfor . the Fingoes at Heald Town and Saiem. The Rev. W. Sbaw, in a letter dated the 10th of July, 1855, gives aa account of a tour of U weeks through British- Cairarie and Cafrearinc Proper. The tribes vwere all at peace wvith eaehwother, amnithe intention of the Governor to visit them in friendly manner was evidently most pleasing to them. The report eE ' the Governor's tor sdated the 19th of September, 1855, on which day his Excellency reached Queenik - Town from British Caffirria. While gassing through. that part of South Afrca he foan everything In. a tranquil and. prosperous state. Sandilli, 'ihtwo or three other powerful chiefs, met the Govrernor - on his journey; their manner vas perfectly contented anml cheerful, and no complaints were made. The order an& reguArity which prevailed among the Caffres engaqed on. enublic works was very gratifying. is Excelleno.- nints. hLowever, that the continuance of this state of thing6cannot be relied on, " for if we reduced our strength a ' this country there is little doubt (be thinks) that thseywould *gai try the chances of wrar, and even now, so ux: certin is the character of these people, that we must, at f any moment, hold our3elve3 prepared for an outbrhok." The outline of a system for the better administration of iustice Va4 t J WaA7 I ,cxAry iD u C -
LONDON, THURSDAY, JUNE 2B, 1856. In the Hoiise of Commons yesterday, Mr. SrooNsE, in moving the second reading of the Maynooth College Bill, stated its object to be to separate the Government and nation at large from all connexion with the College of Maynooth, thereby removing what he regarded as a great national sin, and be shortly explained its provisions, wrhich repealed the act 5th and 9th of VICToRrA, incorporating the trustees, and enacted that, with certain exceptions, the grant to the College from the Consolidated Fund should cease. The bill was supported by Sir W. VmNER and MIr. JAMES MIACGREGORW. MIr. H. HERBERT, without any speech, simply moved to defer the second reading for six months. Mr. NAPIER said he had never understood that this College was supported bythe State as a religious endowment. The statute of 1845, which the bill sought to repeal, was passed for a special legislative and political object, and if that object had not been caxried out,-if the College, instead of giving a good and enlightened education, gave an unsound one, inculcating ultramontane doctrines,-if, in short, the money professed to be given for one object was really given for another, the grant should not be continued.I Mr. MAGUIRE vindicated Maynooth agaiust the charges made byMr. SrooMER, who, he said, had been grossly deceived and misled. The bill was intended as a penal measure, because, as it was alleged, the institution had been tried and found wanting, and had thereby forfeited the grant. Joining issue with the advocates of the bil upon this point, he appealed to the testimony of unexceptionable witnesses, begainning with the Royal Commissioners, not only to the character of M,aynooth CoUege, but i to that of the Roman Catholic clergy, and to the effect of their teaching as exemplified on the deathbed of Irish soldiers. After justifying the tenets of the Romish Church, refuting what he termed the calumnies with which they had been assailed, and showing the coincidence of doctrines taught in her catechism with those of LU.1ER, he asked that Maynooth should be judged by the character of the people of Ireland. Mr. DnrmrisoND said Mr. SPooNER was entitled to the thanks of the House for bringing forward this question, which should be considered, in his opinion, at least once a-year, and he hoped that in the course of time the House would learn to disting,uish between the Church of Rome and its abuses. He could not agree with Mr. SPoONER in the terms he had applied to that Church; it was his firm conviction that its abuses were made use of as a cover to attacks upon religion itself. If Parliament was determined to legislate for Great Britain and Ireland, it must rise above sectarian views, and remember that it was legnislating for a mixed community, and was bound to respect the. prejudices of all. He would go, he said, as far as any one to expose the immorality taught by Roman Catholic priests, but the best way of dealing with the evil was to increase the means of education and to double the grant to Maynooth. The only use of education was to teach men to think and reason for themselves, which the Roman Catholic priests never did, but the contrary. Mr. NEWDEGATE, in supporting the bill, accused Mr. DRuiMnOND of inconsistency in recommending the doubling of the grant for the benefit of a priesthood he condemned, and for the extension of doctrines which he stigmatized as leading to the degradation of mankind. He (Mlr. NEWBDEGATE) refused to put one shilling into the hands of a priesthood appointed by Rome, although he was ready to vote money to the Roman Catholic laity for the purposes of education. After some remarks by Mr. BLAND in opposition to the bill, Sir J. PAxMNGroN avowed that he had been intentionaUy absent from tihe House when the motion was made for leave to introduce this bill. He thought no reflecting man could shut his eyes to the difficulties of this question, and he was desirous of knowing the nature of MIr. SrooaNER's proposal and the scope of his biU before he pledged himself by a vote. The bill, he found, simply went to repeal the act of 1845, and thereby to, reverse the policy adopted towards Ireland for upwvards of half a century, and he was not prepared to take any step to reverse that policy. He was bound to ask himself whether any considerations, religious or political, called upon him, looking at the mixed character of the population of Ireland and to the interests of the empire, as a member of that House and as a Protestant Christian, to reverse that policy. Mr. SrooNEP had put his objection to the grant upon religious gronnds; but, having voted in favour of the policy of Sir R. PEEL in -1845, he (Sir JOHN) was debarred from that ground of objection, and he, moreover, thought this wouldbe a most unfortunate moment for the adoption of a hostile policy towar~Lthe Roman Catholics of Ireland. Did the advocates of the bil, he asked, as Christians and as Protestants, think it desirable that 6,000,000 of their fellow-subjects should be without a priesthood ? If not, was it better that they shoulId be trained in a foreign country or at home? It was said that Parliament was guilty of an anomaly in making this grant; but the whole state of our religious endowments in Ireland was an anomaly. He was no Roman Catholic, or semi-Roman Catholic; he was an advocate for toleration and charity, and he thought it most unadvisable that angry feelings should be excited upon this question between Roman Catholics and Protestants. Nevertheless, he confessed that it was attended with considerable difficulty, and that the views enteriained by Mr. SPooxmE were shared by a very large portion of the people of England. One of the avowed motives of Sir R. PEEL in 1845 wvas to put an end to these annual discussions, and lie (Sir JOHN) suggested whether it wvas not possible to devise some mode of preventing them, by putting the grant upon a different footing. He should vote against the second reading of the bill. The bill was also opposed by Mr. BOwVYER. Mr. Hoxs3uLN said the Government thought it their duty to adhere to this grant as a measure of policy, justice, and good faith. With Sir J. PAKINGTON, lie deprecated these annual discussions of a subject which had been debated vsTge ad i,ausCeam. Tlhe grant, as a money grant, was a miserable one, though of the utmost importance as a matter of principle. Mr. SPOONEit had stigmatized it as a great national sin; wfhat, lie asked, was his definition of a national sin? It was the duty of the Legislature to preserve tranquillity in Ireland, and to promote morality and religion; whatever tended to raisetthe moraland religious standard there was a national duty, and to obstruct that object was, in his view, a national sin. After some observations by Mr. BELLEwv, and a roply fiom Mr. SrooNLER, the amenidment was negatived by 174 to 168. Tho quostioni boing then put that the bill be read a second time, Mr. BoWymt moved that the debate be adjourned. Mr. 11. HERBFLrT supported tbis motion, wlhich was affirmed by the lapse of time, and, the orders having been disposed of, the House adjourned at ten minutes to 6 o'clock.
Somebody suggested a little time since that if there was to be an examination for the Civil Service there ought, A fortiori, to be one for the far more important office of legislator. Certainly it is of much more consequence that an M.P. should know the history of the Reformiation, the Thirty Years' War, the Revolution of; 1688, and the history of Louis XIV., than a tidewaiter or a clerk at Somerset-house. At all events, it would be a vast gain if aspirants for political office and distinction could come to some tacit understanding-we will not say on the practical application of general principles, but on the general principles of political science themselves. Here we find Mr. SPOONER, a most respectable gentleman, and able to manage his own affairs with prudence and propriety, after we know not how many years, gravely assuring the House of Commons that the education of clergy for the great majority of a population, and in conformity with their opinions, is a national sin. No matter how old the institution is, under what conipromise, or for what political objects it was founded-no matter what we should have in its place-no matter how it works politically-no matter any consideration whatever that may be urged for it-the institution is a " sin." Yes, that is the word. When a gentleman of quick temper and a not very re-verential tone of mind wishes to dismiss a person or a matter from his particular regards he commonly does so in a form of expression which is considered by strict divines a violation of the Third Commandment. Of course, Mr. SPoONER would endanger his relations with Exeterhall if he were to indulge in this mode of venting his feelings. 13ut he does wvhat is a great deal worse, for he does the same thing deliberately, seriously, solemnly, with much grimace and cant. His way is to call this thing a "sin," and that thing a "sin," ad libitum., as if he had a particular revelation to inform nations what was "sin" and what was not. He is always thundering from his private Alount Sinai against this act of Parliament, this statesman or that, forgetting that mankind want a little more attestation of a divine authority than is contained in an average respectability, blumt manner, and acrimonious aspect. Pretensions of this exaggerated character would not make such way if they were confronted with a little more political science. If the principles of political morality were better understood we really believe that even Mr. SPOoN-ER would not lay down the law with so sublime a confidence in the sanctity of his convictions. Here are all sorts of grave questions, not so much encourntered, or answered, as stamped under foot, by this sumnmary way of calling a tling a "sin." Is the nation which contains several religions in precisely the same case as regards matters of conscience as an individual who can only have one religion? Then uvllo is the sinner? Tf7iere is he ? If the consenting Taxpayer is the sinner, and it is a sin in taxpayer A to support the religion of Taxpayer B, why is it not also a sin in Taxpayer B to support the religion of Taxpayer A ? If it is a sin in one, why not in both? If Taxpayer A on going to Exeter-hall and hearing MIr. SPoox;Ei feels his conscience pricked, anrd realizes the extreme sinfulness of supporting the idolatries of Taxpayer B, will not B, as a matter of course, light his conscience at Taxpayer A's, ancd realize the extreme sinfulness of supporting A's blasphemies? Where is this to stop? The State, in one way or another, throughlthe Legislature or the Executive, has given immense sums and still contribut-~s largely to the maintenance of the Establishei Church, which is the religion of about five-eighths of the English, one-fifth of the Irish, and of an utterlyinsignificant fraction in Scotland. As Mr. SPooNXB lays dowvn the law, it is a heinous and damnable sin on the part of tlle three-eighths in England, the four-fifths in Ireland, and nearly all Scotland. So, of course, we are sinning by wholesale all round, and ought to repent and cut one another's throats, rather than contribute any more, by our mutual toleration, to these soul-destroying errors. It is almost needless to say that Mir. SPOONER simplifies the question immensely by denouncing altogether the sin of maintaining a Roman Catholic College under any circumstances, whatever its origin, whatever the mode in which it is conducted, the spirit of its teaching, or its actual restults. True, his argument is cumulative, for otherwise he would miss the pleasure of abusing the Papists, and slhowing up pleasant little details from their books of devotion and doctrine. But his argument proceeds on the commonly received character of the Papist, and it is that the State commits a grievous sin in educating an animal of that sort, or helping him to educate others, or having anything at all to do wvith his religion. But, to revert to the project of a preliminary examination in politics to be required of all candidates for the office of M.P.,wlhen the debate is resumed on the motion for the second reading of this bill will some one of ir. SpooNEs's friends have the goodness to lay down the whole law of religious endowments, as it applies not only to the hierarchy and aristocracy of the Chuirch of England, but also to Papists, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Baptists, Independents, and the rest of them? All these people have consciences, or profess to have them, which is all that the State has to do with. Our excellent Presbyterian friends have a great admiration for Mir. SPOONER, but they go a little further than he does. They hold prelacy to be quite as damnable and much more contemptible than Popery, and they have renounced both in a very round piece of polemical obsecration. Of course, they think it quite as great a sin to continue the endowment of the See of Oxford with great tithes granted for the purpose since the Reformation, and a number of colonial sees founded the other day by act of Parliament, as to go on giving 30,0001. a-year to MIaynooth. Will Mr. SrooNsE just tell these gentlemen what they ought to do in this matter? -what is a sin in their case, and what is not? BBut, as he is proposing to strip MIaynooth of its endowment-about one-twentieth that of our Protestant Universities, not to speak of our public schools-he will not be so cruel as to leave the wretched occupants without a conscience to direct them in this emergency. He will not ruin them both body and soul. When he has cleared his own conscience by taking away their 30,0001., he must seriously inform them what they ought to do as regards the endlowments of the Established Church, whether in the direct form of tithes,- rates, and Parliamentary grants, or the ancient endowments still conthiued by the State, and protected by the law. It is an English as well as an Irish question, for the Irish have quite as much concern in England as we have in Ireland. IUnless he tells the Roman Catholics what they ought to do, we greatly fear that they will take the simple course of following his example. At all times this is easier than analyzinrg arguments,or evenrmerelyreading a speech. The sudden stoppage of 30,000. a-year, and the fact of several hundred Rotman Catholic students being suddenly put on short commons, or scattered about Ireland begging their bread, will be a visible and intelligible fact, addressing itself to the obtusest understanding. W'hen the Roman Catholics of the empire learn that Parliament has done this for conscience sake, and to wipe away a great " sin," no doubt they will be seized with a noble emulation. Of course they ought. It is in the nature of virtuous acts to inspire a generous rivalry. iIr. SpoOwNEn himself would only be too proud to find his religious views so widely disseminated. WVith this beginning there would then be some hope of the Papists. But why does not Mr. SPooNER. prepare us aU for the inevitable result, and already lay the foundation of the triumphant success which he will certainly be able to claim? How much more glorious to purify the political faith of all creeds, than only of one, and that the most pure! It is true that there is a time for all things, and the Wednesday. mornings of July are hardly the time one would select for a hot discussion on Maynooth. That, however, appears to be a sort of Parliamentary rule, intended possibly to make up for the want of natural heat in the summer of these isles. As it must be so, and as M1r. SPOON.Lm has ruled it,-as, too, tba debate admits of perpetual adjournment,-we trust the opportunity will be improved into working out a code of theological conscience. We had thought, in our simplicity, that the best course was always to leave well alone, and not only the well, but even that which was but indifferently well, and not so bad as to justify a change. But Mr. SeooNuER is evidently not content with this safe and inglorious course. He wants to throw away the scabbard, to burn his ships, to push on into the enemy's country, and conquer or die. He is ready to ieopardize every temporal adjunct of truth, in order to destroy all the temporal adjuncts of error. Our doctrine, we grant, is one of compromise. Wle take things as they are, only attempting a gradual improvement. We are not courageous enough to renounce all our inherited obligations, and declara war to the knife with people nowv dwelling securely among us. At present, to a certain extent, and in a humble, prosaic, secular fashion, the lion is lying down by the lamb, and we jog on together. That state of things has its a1vantages and its drawbacks. Wfe cannot say we think it tends much to the advancement of Popery, for the balance is certainly against it on the account of the last ten years. Mr. SPOON2zR himself, as a man of business, would hardly say otherwise. That is our case. We treat it as a practical question, and we find the results of the existing policy in our favour. Mr. SPOONER takes a more enthusiastic, more heroic, more reckless view of the question. He is prepared to purge the State of this "sin," whatever the consequences to the Church of England and other bodies in receipt of national moneys. No doubt this course is sifficiently painful to him, considering the number of his clerical friends who would be reduced to starvation by a general abandonment of national " sins" on all sides. It is not from any indifference to such calamities, even in the case of good Protestants and attached friends, that Mfr. SPOONER is resolved to break up the existing truce of theological parties. But other people will take these consequences into account, and we are inclined to think wiU attach rather more weight to them than the stern and uncompromising member for North Warwickshire.
We recommend all those, if any such there be, who still cherish the opinion that because India was originally conquered by a trading company, because it pleased MIr. Pnrr, instead of taling the government of India into the hands of the CrowS, to preserve the government of the Company with a power of control residing in the Government of England, that therefore such a state of things ought to be suffered any longer to continue, diligently to ponder the spectacle presented in the House of Commons on Tuesday last. There the two powers to whose concord and prudence we are told we may safely confide the destinies of an empire the noblest and at the same time the most strange and perilous that human ambition ever grasped met together-we will not say in mortal conflict, but in dirct and avowed bitter antagonism. The Court of Directors, through their organ, Sir JAMrFs HOGG, seemed at a loss to find language sufficiently opprobrious in which to characterize the conducl of that branch of the Government under whose control they are by the recent Indian Act placed, "until Parliament shall "make other provision in their behalf." " He "had been deceived, - and never would depend "again upon anything so slippery as the faith of " a Government." Nor was the PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF CoxmPToL, though more guarded in language and manner, one whit behind his dissentient colleague, or rebellious subordinate, whichever be his proper title. " The greater part of his em"barrassment had arisen from his having rested "on the slippery support of the Board of "Directors." Such is the language which the members of the same department employ towards each other in the HIouse of Commons, with the consciousness, and indeed with the purpose, of obtaining for it the most extended publicity. Nor is the cause of quarrel less worthy of note by the impartial observer of events and institations than the quarrel itself. There is a conflict of will, of opinion, and of jurisdiction between the two branches of the Indian Government, and that about a matter in which we might have expected their functions, their duties, and their rights to be peculiarly, sharply, and accurately defined. The business of the East India Company for exactly 100 years-for the memorable career of CLIvE dates from 1S56-has been the absorption of native Princes, and we might have supposed that practice so long and unvaried would have made-the monster tolerably familiar with the processes of mastication 'and deglutition. To malke a treaty susceptible of two senses,-to put one construction onit when obtarmng the signature of the intendea victim, andreserve another construction to be put forward whenever the period of action shill have arrived,-is the mere A B C of Oriental politics, and, of course, perfectly understoodby all professors in that delectable art and mystery. We should have also thought that the doctrine and discipline of compromise-the art of asking much in order that you may get something-of wearying by delay, and exhausting into submission-.would have been thoroug'nly understood by the E-ast India Company, and applied with practised and silent dexterity. In this respect, however, we are bound to say the East India Company has disappoitea us. Whether it is that they havehadtheir own way so long with Indian Princes that they have i3nbibed that impatience of contradiction so apt to be engendered by the habitual exercise of arbitrary power, or whether they really believed that the Eouse of Commons would at the last moment relent, we know not; but certain it is that in the management of a case which posseesed many points of defence the Company has contrived to unite against them a vast mass of opinion, and to put the issue on a ground certain to be found against them. The construction of the treaty with the Nawab of SURAT w.as, by its own -words, and the representations which accompanied the treaty, clear, even to transparency, in favour of the contmiuance of the pension to the heirs of the last of the native rulers of Surat; and this just and reasonable construction was supported by a report of a committee of no ordinary 'weight and authority. The pretence that because this treaty was a political one it ought to be construed on principles different from those rules of justice which bind parties to private contracts was too hollow to deceive any one, and when this was disposed of nothing remained to appeal to. But there were other grounds which might have enabled the Company to make fair terms with the claimant. In the first place, the legitimacy of the daughter of the late Nawab, married to MsERJAFIrlm AMI, thepresent claimant, seems, to say the least of it, extremely doubtful, and it may very possibly happen that all the shawls and all the solicitations which have been devoted to establishing the construction of the treaty adverse to the Company may tend to the benefit of some other person than the solicitor and. distributor. Into the bill seems also to have been introduced another matter, of far less pecuniary importance, but involving, as it seems, a principle which the House of Lords will be very slow to sanction. The distribution of the personal estate of the late Nawab is a matter entirely distinct from the question as to the construction of the treaty and the rights of the East India Company. The question here is not between the Coimpany and the claimants, but between MEER JAFFIER, the son-in-law of the Nawab, and other rmembers of his family. These latter persons have acquired, under an a ' of the Indian Legislature, vested and indefeasible interests, which this bill lays open anew to the decision of a court of lawv. These absent persons are to be called on to contest before a tribunal in this country the right to property wlhich the law under which they live has declared to be absolutely theirs. This part of the bill, involving so manifest an infraction of principle, received but little attention in the Rouse of Commons, and may very possibly fail in the Lords, and bring down the whole measure with it. For these reasons, it seems, the East India Company 'were in a position to mak-e very good terms with MEER JAFFIER, and MxEx JArFIEPr thought so too' The terms were agreed to by the Board of Control, but disamowed by the East Indim Company, and so the parties fght it out on the floor of the House, it being unknown wvhether the Boarcd of Control has the power to compel submission or not; and the measure is opposed by one branch of the Indian Government, and left to its fate by the other. Now, this state of things cannot possibly be allowed to continue any longer. The theory of checks and balances, whatever be its merits as applied to legislative bodies, is absolutely preposterous with reference to executive departments. There unity of action is indispensable, and a duality such as here exists utterly destroys effi' ciencyand fritters away responsibility. India cannot, any more than Israel, serve two masters. Let uS have the Company, if the Company be capable of governing and susceptible of responsibility. Let us have a Parliamentary officer, if in his hands we can obtain unity of action and responsibility for ability and integrity. But let uis by no means continue this miserable dualism, which secures us nothing but irresponsible inefficiency, which makes our government of India ridiculous, and will soon render it impossible, and exhibits in the most prominent form its utter incapacity for dealing with the easiest questions, and expends those energies which ought to be given to the public service in public biclerings and endless altercations.
The appointment of Sir WrinA-N FENwicic WinLmas to the command at Woolwich is an act which the nation will receive as a tribute to itself. It is now a year since the English General, accompanied by a small band of officers, took his stand at the frontier city of TurLish Asia to awvait the attacks of the great army which the Russians had been for two years preparing beyond the Caucasus. If in the earlier days of this eventful and romantic campaign the attention of the world was not directed to tihe highlands of Armenia, it was partly because the momentous nature of the contest was as yet ill understood, and partly because the struggle in the Crimea occupied all minds, to the exclusion of every other occurrence both of war and home affairs. But even before the final triumph at Sebastopol the siege of Kars had become a matter of interest to the public. They had heard from time to time, amid the pauses of the Crimean confict, of the laboura of the small band who had cast in their lot with the defeated armies of the preceding year. The war against corruption and negligence, the renewed organization of the Turkish troops, the fortification of Erzerour andKars were not forgotten, even while the nation was grieving over the defeat of June or exulting in the success of September. Scarcely had the excitement caused by the final victory died away before the news of an eqeually glorious conflict in the depths of AiA reached our ears. Although the repulse of the Russians on the 29th of September might not rank in importance with the taldng of the MVIalakhoff and the abandonment of Sebastopol, yet it is doubtful whether the victory at Kars did not give a higher gratification to our national pride than even the attainment of the object for which oiur armies had fought during 11 months. We have no wish, in this hour of renewed peace and prosperity, to recur to invidious comparisons, but no one can forget that, whereas in the Crimea the last success brought little additional fame to our arms, the defence of Kars exhibitea to the world an English General and English officers rivaling the feats of- what may be called the heroic age of English military renown. CLIVE with his Sepoys, Sir SIDNEY S=rnr with the barbarian troops of DJEZZAR PAsh&, were eclipsedin glory by the Artillery officer sent on -what seemed a hopeless mission to a frontier province of tha Ottoman empire. Two months more of wery
When will Americans learn manners? Who shall teach our Transatlantic cousins how to behave? Here is one of them who tried yesterday, in defiance even of an etiquette modified to suit his countrymen, to parade his republican person before the QusrrN, at her Levee, in a frockcoat, black necleloth, and yellow waistcoat. The thing itself was trivial, but the object was unmistakeable. He -wished to have it to boast that he had compeUled the QuEEN- to forego the usages of her Court in his especial behoof. He tried to accomplish this national feat iunder the wing of 3Mr. DALLAS, who, when appealed to, supperted his countryman and left the Palace in a pet. Well! after all, we suppose HER i[AJESTY Wi continue to hold ILevees in spite of Mr. DtLLAS'S displeasure. It is scarcely worth vhile to confute the absurd pretensions of people which, with the most irritable touchiness as regards themselves, combine the greatest disregard of all decorum towards others. The Queen of ENGLAND, says to her subjects and to strangers who visit her in her own house, " I am happy to see "Cyou all on State occasions, but if you come you "will find me gorgeously arrayed to do you ho"nour; return the compliment, then, and come in your best." She tells her guests, in fact, as hundreds of ladies and gentlemen in this country are in the habit of telling tneir friends, " This is a ' full dress party,"' thereby implying that all who do not choose to observe the rule had better stay away. What should wev think of a fellow in private life who, after accepting an invitation to a set dinner, at which everyblody else wore full dress, presented hiimself in a shooting jaclket and shepherd's plaid trousers? In nIl probability, should such a portent appear on the horizon of a gentleman!s hall, it would never rise to the upper regions of the drawing-room, for the butler wouild infallibly show him to the door. Now, this is wlhat the QuEs's Master of the Ceremonies very properly did in the case of an American who, in a frock coat, yellow vest, and black neckcloth, chose to present himself at HER MAjrsrT's Lev6e yesterday. He Inew the usage of the Court, but he preferred to withhold from the QUEEN- and her august company the compliment which every gentleman would have rendered. Our American cousins must really learn the good old proverb about " doing at Rome as they do Cat Rome," and, thoughl they may live at home in the enjoyment of all liberty or license of dress or 7undress, they must, when they visit these communities, either disguise themselves and their republican prejudices in decent attire on occasions of State solemnity, or forego the greatest delight on which a true Republican can feast his eager eyes-the sight of a live QuEEN- on her throne.
AFFP.Ay BErwmNi TfmE GERnM AND ENGLISH 'TROOPS A.T ALDERSSOTr.-We have received from an officer high in comniand in the German Legion a statement I of the circumstances of this affray, differing in several material points from that which appeared in Tie Times of the 24th. Instead of the Germans being chiefly to blame the EHnglish were most in fault in the opinion of our present informant. Which way the truth lies will appear when the pending investigation has been brought to a close. CABI.N ET DL5_ ER.-Tho Duke of Argyll had a Cabinet dinner last evening at his villa at Cam pden-hill. Viscount Palmerston, the M[arquis of Lansdowne, Lord Panmure, Sir Charles Wood, Sir George Grey, Sir George C. Lewis, the Right. Ron. A. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Earl of Clarendon, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, &c., were present. THsE MWuns.-The United States' mail steamslhip E,altic. Captain Comstock, sailed yesterday for Noew York, from Liverpool with 1.34 passengers, besides a full cargo and the mails. TITE RAILIWAY STRIKE AT LIY*ERPOOL.-1Ur. 'William Rathhonr, merchant and magistrate at Liverpool, and one of its most respectedresidents, received a deputation on Tuesday from the men on strike, asking him to mediate between them and the company; and he has consented to do so, though with but little chance of success. In addition to the militia and others engaged at the various yards, the company have a large body of the disembodied militia ready at the militia dep&t, Everton, to fill any vacancies that may occur on the line. They are dressed in porters' apparel, and though they are at present unemployed they are receiving weekly wages from the company. It was stated at a meeting of the turnouts on Tuesday that the men employed by the Lancashire and Yorkshire and East Lancahire Company vvould come out in a few days. A notice wvas yesterday posted in the newvs-rooms, stating that tItere was no foundation for such1 an assertion, Th[E ILELEY MVRDER.-The Governmient has offered a reward of l0t0. for the apprehension of the persons who committed the murder of Mrs. M'Knight, at Illiley, on MIonday week, with a pardon to the accomplices not beinthe actual murderers. Up to yesterday (Wednesday) no one had been appre'hended. TaiE BATE F[ir.E ,AN) Loss OF Lwvis.-Yesterday an inquest was held at the Grave Maurice, Whitechapelrood, on the bodies of Priscilla, Benjamin, and Sarah Solomeons, whio perished in the tire that took place in the premises belon"iiw to Mrs Solomons, a clothier and general dealer, in Leman-street, Whitechapel, on Monday lat. After hearing several witnesses the jury retturned a verdict to the effect that the deceased perished in the fire, but there sV,-s no evidence to showv how7 it was occasioned. SEAAM='S SAYVD-S BAx=is.-A bill has been brought in by Mr. Lowe and Mr. Wilson to make further provision for the establishment of savings-banks for seamen. It empowers the Board of Trade to establish a central -amings-bank in London, with branch banks at such places and pzorts as they may think expedient, and to receive deposits from seamen not e2ceceding 200l. Any sbippina office of Trade.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~ffc IMETROPOLITAN I3iPROv3mm-iT.-The new street from Spitalfields church to Shoreditch, for which an act was passed in July, 18-1, is now entirely at a stand for want of ready money - the swn required to complete the under±aking is about27,0O0l., to meet which deficiency tho Commnissioners of Works are empowered to sell or mortgage the building> ground on each side of the street. In October last after the subject had been discussed for some months, the architect represented the inexpediency of selling any of This ground oefore opening the street as a public thoroughfare, and suggested the propriety of bcorrowing 20,0001, on miortzage.
HER MAJEST'S LEVEE. The Queen held a levee yesterday afternoon in St. James's Palace. Her Majestyandhis Royal Hig'hness the Prince Consort arrived from Buckingham Palace soon after 2o'clock-, escorted by a party of the Life Guards. Their Royal Highuesses Prince Oscar of Sweden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, the Duke of Cambridge, and his Serene HiDhness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar were present, and were conducted to the Queen by the ViceChamberlain. Major-General Sir William M. G. Colebrooke, C.B., had an audience, and returned to Hfer Majesty the Riband and Badge of a Knight Grand Cross of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath worn by the late Lieutenant-General Sir John Hunter Littler. Her Majesty's body guiard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms was on duty in the State Saloons, under the command of the Lieutenant. Lieutenant-Colonels Nevill and Cooke were on duty as Sub-Officers of the Corps. The Queen and Prince Albert entered the Throne-room, accompauied 'oy Prince Oscar, Prince Frederick William, and the Dake of Cambridge, and attended by the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Duchess of Atholl, Lady in Waiting; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; Daka of Wellington, Master of the Horse; Marquis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness; Earl of Muigrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice Chamberlain; Viscount Drumlanrig, Controller of the HIousehold; Lord Rivers, Lord in Waiting; Lord George Lennox, Lord in Waiting to bis Royal Highness; Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse; Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Private Secretary to his Royal Highness; Lord Alfred Paget, Clerk Marshal; Sir Edwvard Bowater, Groom in Waiting; MajorGeneral Wylde, Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Lord Charles Fitzroy, Equerry in Waiting; Captain the Hlon. D. de Ros, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness; and Messrs. Phipps and Macpherson, Pages of Honour in Waiting. The Queen wore a train of pink satin covered with English lace, and trimmed with bows of pink and white satin riband. The petticoat was white satin covered with lace, and trimmed with white satin bows. Her Majesty's headdress was composed of diamonds. The Foreign Ministers were introduced, when the following presentations to the Queen took place:- By the Sardinian Minister.-Count d'Aglie, Chevalier d'Honneur of the late Queen of Sardinia; Baron de Perrone, Attach6 to the Sardinian Legation. By the Greek linister.-M. D. Haziskos, Senator of Greece. Byvthe Prussian Minister.-M. le Baron de Rosenberg, Conseiller de la Legation Prussienne a Paris; Baron Romberg, Attache a la Legation de S. M. le Roi de Prusse. The diplomatic circle was attended by the French Ambas sador, le Comte do Malaret, 1st Secretaire, le Comte de Jaucourt, 2d Secretaire, le Comte de Chaudordy, le Due de la Caderousse Gransont, Attach6s; the Bavarian Minister, the Hanoverian Minister, the Sardinian Minister, and Count Corti, Secretary; the Greek Minister and M. Charilaus Tricoupi, Secretary of Legation; the NetherlandsMinister and le Chevalier M. Heldewier, Secretary of Legation; Portuguese 3inister, aud Augusto de Mendoca, Attach6; the Sicilian Minister. M. Ulisse Barbolani, Secretary of Legation, and the Duke of St. Arpino; the Danish Minister, and Count Revent:ow Crimninil, Secretary of Legation; the Prussian Minister, the Spanish Minister, and le Vicomte de Miravalies, Attache; the Swedish and Norwegian Minister, and Baron Rudbeck, Secretary of Legation ; the Austrian Minister, Count Karolzi and Count Chotek, Secretaries to the Legation; the Saxon Minister, the Peruvian Minister, and M. F. P. y Tirado, Second Secretary; the Hanse Towns Minister, ML T. M. Gonzalez de la Vega, Mexican Charg6 d'Affaires; and M. A. Huici, Second Secretary of Legation; Baron de Katte, Attache to the Prnssian Legation; M. J. L. Stock-meyer, Attach6 at Paris, of the Brazilian Legation; the Earl of Clarendon, K.G., the Queen's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and MlajorGeneral the Hon. Sir Edward Cast, LC.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremonies. The general circle was attended by the Lord Privy Seal the First Lord of the Treasury, the Secretary of State for the Home Department, Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for War; the Marquis of Laasdowne, the First Lord of the Admiralty; tho President of the Board of Control, the Postmaster-General. Field-M3arshal Viscount Hardinge, Commanding-in-Chief ; Lord Foley, the Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentleman at Arms; Viscount Sydney, Captain of Her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard; FieldMarshal Viscount Combermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; Duke of Richmond, Aide-de-Camp; Earl of Bessborough, Master of the Buckhounds; Major-General Sir George Wetherall, Adjutant-General; Major-General Sir Richard Airey, Quartermaster-General; Lieutenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Sir George P. Lee, Iieutenant of the Yeomen of the Guard; the Lsrd Advocate ; Colonel Hon. G. F. Upton, C.B., Field Officer in Brigade Waiting; Lieut.-Colonel Howard Vyse (Royal Horse Guards), Silver Stick in Waiting; Mr. R. Ormsby Gore, Groom in Waiting; Colonel Francis Seymour, (Scots Fusileer Guards), Groom of the Bedchamber to his Royal Highness Prince Albert; the Lord Mayor, Colonel Bagot, Her Majesty's AssistantMaster of the Ceremonies; Major Harmar, Standardbearer of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; MajorGeneral Buckiey, Equerry to the Qaeen; Sir William Martins, Gentleman Usher to the Sword of State; Mr. Norman Macdonald, Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's department; Colonel Lord Dynevor, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Colonel Wood, (Royal East Middlesex,) Aide-de. Camp to the Queen; Colonel Wetherall, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Colonel G. Napier, (C.B.,) Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Colonel Bloomfield, (Royal Horse Artillery,) Aide-de-Camp to the Queen ; Colonel Foster, (Royal Engineers,) Aide-de-Camp to the Qaeen; Captain Parker Rickford, Exon in Waiting, commanding the Yeomen of the Guard; Mr. Cargill, Adjutant of ithe Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Colonel Fitmaurice, Adjutant of the Yeomen of the Guard; Captain Fremantle (Coldstream Guards), Adjutant in Brigade Waiting; Chevalier Hebeler, their Prussian and Wurtemberg Majesties' Consul-General; Mr. J. B. Heath, Sardinian Consul-General; Mr. Aston Blount, Genealogist of the Order of the Bath; Sir George Hayter, Kt. and K.S.L., Principal Painter of History and Portraits in Ordinary to Her Majesty; Captain Green, Gentleman Usher to the Queen in Waiting ; Major-General Sir Frederic Smith, E.H., Gentleman Usher to the Privy Chamber; Mr. Wilbraham Taylor, Gentleman Usher; Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, Gentleman Usher to the Queen; Mr. Charles Heneage, Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber in Waiting; Dr. Lyon Playfair, C.B., Gentleman Usher to his Royal Highness Prince Albert in Waiting. Addresses of congratulation to the Queen on the conclusion of a treaty of peace were presented to Her Majesty by:- The Dake of Norfolk, from the Corporation of Cutlers in HaUamshire, Yorkshire. Mr. Thomas Richard Tucker Hodgson, Mayor of Bi-mingham; Mr. John Palmer, Alderman; Mr. James Baldwin Alderman; and Mr. Thomas Standbridge, Town Clerk'. from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Birmingham. The deputation was presented by Sir G. Grey. Mr. Anthony Bannister, Mayor of Hull; Mr. Thomas Thompson, 'l'own Clerk; and Mr. Samuel Warren, Q.C., M.P., Recorder; from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Kingston-upon-Hull. Messrs. Bannister and Thompson were presented by Lord Londesborough. Mr. John Gadwin Johnson, Mayor of Norwich; Mr. .John Oddin Taylor, Alderman; Mr. Timothy Steward, Sheriff; and Mr. Warner, 1U.P. ; from the City of Norwich. Messrs. Johnson, Taylor, and Steward were presented by Sir S. Bignold, -MP. hlr. William Hallett, Mayor of Brighton, from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough, and also from the inhabitants of Brighton. Mr. Charles John Palmer, Mrayor of Great Yarmouth, Lord Sondes, and Sir Edmund Lacon, Bart., M.P., from the Town Council of Great Yarmouth. Mr. Frederic Ticehurst, Mayor of Hastings, from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Hastings. Mr. Thomas G. Norris, Mayor of Exeter, Mr. William Buckingham, High-Sheriff, Mr. John Daw, ex-Mayor, and Mr. Thomas J. Bremridge, from the Council of Exeter. The deputation was preseisted by Sir G. Grey. Mr. Joln Kelly, MLayor of Plymouth, Mr. R. P. Collier, ALP., and MIr. Roundell Palmer, Q.C., M.P., from Plymouth. Mr. Kelly was presented by M1r. Palmer, M.P. Mr. Perry, Mdayor of Wolverhampton; Mr. Gatis, Alderman; Mr. Wright, Town Councillor; Mr. Walker, Towrn Clerk; and the Right Hon. Charles Villiers, from the Corporation of Wolverhampton. Messrs. Perry, Gatis Wright, and Walker were presented by Sir G. Grey. The Lord Mayor of York (Mrr. Meek, iun.), Mr. Alder. man Meek, and Mr. Councillor Husband, from the corporation of the city of York. The Lord Mayor, and Messrs. Meek and Husband were presented by Sir G. Grey. Mlr. Abraham Jackson, Mayor of Salisbury; Major Giles Emly, Town Councillor; Mr. Charles Marsh Lee, Town Clerk; and Mr. Thomas Pain, Ex-Mayor, from the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of New Sarum. Messrs. Jackson, Lee, and Pain, and Major Emily were presented by Major. General Bucldey, MI.P. The Mayor of Oxford (Mr. James Pike), Aldermen'Spiers and Sadler, and the Sheriff of Oxford (Mr.Nathauiel Castle). The mayor, the sheriff, and Mr. Spiers wero presented by the Rigbt Hon. E. Cardwell. MI.P. Mr. Sadler was presented by Mr. J. H. Langston, 3LP. Mir. William Biggs, hLP.; Aldermann George Toller, hIr. Samuel Stone, Town Clerk; and Mrr. John Blggs, M1.P. ; from the Mayor, Aldermen and Town Conncillors of the Borough of Leicesber. hlessrs. Toiler, Sonie,'ad. J. Biggs were presented by Sir G. Grey. Mr. Backley, Mayor of Ashton-under-Lyne, and M1r. Alderman Higginbottom, from the Corporation of Ashton. under-Lyne. The Mayor and Mr. Higginbottom were presented by Sir G. Grey. Mr. George Turton, Mfayor of Kidderminster, and M1r. HenrySaunders, jun., Town Clerk, from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of [the Borough of Kidderminster. The Mayor and Mr. Saunders were presented by Lord Foley. The Mayor of Beverley.-The Mayor was presented by the Hon. A. Gordon, M.P. Dr. George Harvey Williams, Mayor of Oswestry, from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors of the borough of Oawestry. The Mayor was presented by MIr. 3. Ralph Ormsby Gore. The Mayor of Bedford, Mr. Alderman Kilpin, and Mr. Theed William Pearse, from Bedford. The deputation was presented by Mfr. Samuel Whitbread. rx. E. Holland, M.P., from the Mayor and Corporation' of Evesham. The Chairman of the Metropoliton Board of Works, the mover, Mr. Josiah Wilkinson; the seconder, Mr. John Augustus Nicholay; and Mr. Alfred Rhodes Bristow, from the Metropolitan Board of Works. bMr. Bristow was presented by the ChaiTman. Mr. Nicholay, from Marylebone. The following presentations took place, the names having been previously left at the Lord Chamberlain's office and submitted for Her Majesty's approval:- Captan Addrson. by Iord Panmur. .ieutenant-Colonel Addison. on promotion, by Viscount Hardinge. Mr. F. 0. Adais. on appoiutment toller Majesty's Legation at St. Petersburg. by the Earl of ('larendon. Lieutenant-Colonel W. Aitchison on promotion andreturafromthe Crimea by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Captain George Allan, by the Right Hon. H. Labouchere. ietenant E. C Allen, by his uncle, Captain W. Alcn, R.N. Mr. C. Willianus Allen. by Lord Southampton. Lieutenant F. .1 Alison, on return from the Crimea, Aide-de-Camp to Sir C{ohn Catupbell. by his father. Sir A. Alison. Mr.It. Altcock on his return from China, by the Earl of Clarendon. Ensign Aldrich, by ColonelP. Yorke. Ir. ifM P. Alderson, on appointment to Royal Edmonton Rifles, by Viscount Eflield. Ersig 1W. F. Anderson, by Lieutenant-General Sir 3. M. Wallace. Ensign J. T. Awdry, by the Marquis of Granby Lieutenant H. T. Arbuthnot, on return from the Crimea, by his father, 5Sr. G. Arbuthnot. Ensign W. Arbuthnot, by Lieutenant-General Sir G. WetheralL Captain F. Archer. by Earl St. Germans. Staff-Surgeon William Aden. on return from the Cape, by the Director-General of the Army Medieal Department. Mr. J. H. Arkwright. by Lord Bateman. Captain R. Ashley. by Colonelthe Hon. 0. Duacombe. Mr. Atcherley, by Viscount Newport, ILP. Mfajor AsiLten, by Major-General Cator. Lieutenant-Colonel H. Aylmer, on promotion and retum from the Crimea, by Admiral Lord MImer Lieutenant-Colonel aton, on his return from Corfu, by the Earl of Abingdon. Captain Robert BaiUie, on return from the Crimea, by the Earl of lIaddmngton. Ensign H. J. 1arker, byLieuteriant-Colonel Towuneley. Alderman s. Barnes, on appointment as a Deputy-Lieutenant of Lancashire, by the Earl of EDesmere. Sir Henry Barkly, on return from Jamaica, by MIr. Secretary Labonahere. Captain T. Barnett. by Major-General Sir Fenwick Williams. Captain Brailsiord. by the Marquis of Granby. Ensign P. T. Beames, by Lieutenant-General Sir De Lacy Evans. Ensign W. 0. Beales, by the Earl of Wilton. Commander H. B. Beresford, R.N., on promotion, and return from the Crimea. by Sir C. Wood. Captain E. hL Peresford, on promotion,urn fromd ream b theCrimea. by 1213 Royal Hiighness the Dobeo of Cambridge. Mir. G. Berkeley, on appoinment assa Commissioner of Customs, by Viscount Palmeraton, Lieutenant H. Berkeley, u.N;., by Hon. H. Berkeley, hLP. MfajorEsther, by Field Marshal Viscount H;ardinge. Comnet Richard St. Biddulph, on appointment to 1st Life Obard', by Viscount Combermere. Lieutenant Biddulph, on return from the Crimea, by Field Mr ebal Viscount Hardinge. Lieutenant-Colonel isiddle, by the Chairman of the East India ComLieutenant-Colonel Blount, on promotion, and return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General SirJ. Bmgoyne. Captain L. P. Bouverie, by te Hon. and Rev. F. P. Bouverie. MNajor Boudier, on return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General Vivian. Lieutenant W. R. Boulton. by Lord Kenyon. Captain C. G. Boulton, by Lord Kenyon. Cormet Thomas Boyce, on appointment 16th Lancers, by Colonel J. R. Smyth. Lieutenant L. Bridge, by the Chairman of the East Lndia Company. Ensign Bridge, by Lieutenant-Colonel Sir R. h. Napier. Lieutenant E. 8. Bridges, by Colonel T. Wood. Lieutenant G. H. Brooke, by Lieutenant-General Sir T. Burgoyne. General Sir George Brown, on promotion, and on receiving the Grand Cross of the Order of the Batb, by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Lieutenant T. Brown, by the Chairman of the East India Company. Commander C. Bromley, on promotion, and return from the Black Sea, by Sir C. Wood. Lieutenant-Colonel Brmce, on promotion, by Colonel Wood. Captain E. J. Bruce, on promotion, by Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge. Mfr. W. Lryden, on appointmentas Parliamentary Draughtsman to the Irish Government, by LordStanley of Aldtrley. Captain C. Belier, by his fathor, Mr. B. Buller. Lieutenant M. Bulkeley, on return from foreign service. by Colonel Lieutenant-Colonel Burdett, on promotion and return from t&e Crimea, by Field-Marshal Earl of Strafford. f3jor A. W. Burton. on return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant. General the Hon. Sir T. Y. Scarle't: Lieutenant B. H. Burgoyne, on promotion, and return from the Crimea, by the Earl of Aberdeen. MLajor Burt,'onlpromotion, andreturn from the Crimea, by Field. hfarshal Viscount Idardinge. Commander J. C. ynig, RN., on promotion, by Viscomunt Torring. ton. Mfajor J. H. Burke, by Lieutenant-General Sir J. F. Burgoyne. hfajor-General Sir Colin Campbell on his appointment as a Grand Cross of the Bath, and return from service in the Crimea, by his Royal Hfiehness the Duke of Cambridge. hieutenant J. t. Campbell, by Colonel Bnmaby. Mr. J. T. Airey, byhis brother, Major-General tsir R. Airey. Mr. R.W. Bateson.by the Earl of Harrowby. Comet J. H. Barton, bythe Earl of Harewood. Major-General George Brooke, on return from India, by General Sir W. Gomm. Commander G. A. C. Brooker, R.N.. on promotionfromforeign service, by Rear-Admiral Sir hf. Berkeley. Lord James Butler, on his marriage, by the Marquis of Abercorn. Major J. H. Cameron, by the Right Hon. H. Labonchere. hMr. C. Cameron, by General Wyndham. Lord Carbery by the Earl of Bandon. Rear-Admirai T. W. Carter, on promotion by Sir C. Wood. Mr. H. Cartwright, by the Right Hon. H. I.abouchere. Rev. A. F. Carey. by the Right Hon. B. Cardwea, H.P. Lieutenant-Colonel the lon. A. h, Catheart, on return from the Crimea, by Lord Hardiinge. Captain Chads onpromotion. by Lieutenant-General Walton. Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. i. Charteris, on return from the Crimea. by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Mlr. F. S. Child, by the Chairman of the East India COmDany. hfr. HeuryA. Chust hill, by ha3ior-General Sir W. FenwFick -Williams, Lieutenant-Colonel Claremont, on promotion and appointment, by LordPammuro. Lieutenant C. D. A. Clarke, on appointment to the 13thIigat Dragoons, by General the Hon. E. V. Lygon. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel G. C. Clarke, on promotion, by Sir J. P. Burgoyne. Captain W. Clarke, on retum from India and the Crimea, by Sir W. Clay. Captain W. S. Clark, by Major Moore. Lieutenant C. E. S. Cooke, by the Earl of Morton. Lieutenant J. CoekerelL, by Major-General Sir C. Yorke. fr. 'X. AL Cockerill. by General Wyndham. MIajor the Hon. W. C. W. Coke, on promotion and return frOm the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General the Duke of Cambridge. Ensign F. Coleridge, by Mfajor-General Sir C. Campbell. Lieutenant Lord F.Couyagham,RN., bythe Marquis of Conyngham. Mlr. F. F. Courtenay, on his return from India, by the Duke oC Wellington. Ensign G. Cowper, by Lord Palmerston. Lieutenant F. B. N. Craufurd, by Lieutenant-General Robbins. Mr. F. A. Cubitt, on his appointment to the 5th Fusileera, by Lord Sondes. Lieutenant J. HL Cumming, on return from the Crimea, by the Adjutant-General. Lieutenant lf. S. Cazon, on appointment to the Royal Artillery, by his father, the Hon. E. Curzon. The Dean of Connor, by the Marquis of Donegall. Mfr. R. A. DalyeD, by Sir W. Dalyel. Captain Dames. on promotion and return from tho Crimea, by Field. Mlarshal Viscount Hardinge. Captain de Juhasz. by Lord Paumure. Paymaster De Lhalle. by Lord Pazure. Lieutenant A. S. do Weldyez, by Lord Panmure. Lord Delamero, hI' Field-MIarshal Viscount Combermere. Captain do Rebecir. on promotion and return from the Crimea. by the Mlarquis of EKildare. Ensign H D. Demain, by Colonel the MIarquis of Salisbury. Lord Digeby,by the Earl of Bechester. HIon. G. Dillon, by the Earl of Clarendon. Assistant-Surgeon Dixey, on return from foreign service, by Colonel Viscount Chelsea. Caplain Dirom. R. N.. on promotion and return from service inthe Black Sea, by Admiral lord Lyons. Lieutenant R. D. Douglas, on promotion, by Lieutenant-Colonel J. Mr. W. L. Drinkwater, on 3ppointment as FirstDamster of the Isle of Man, by Sir 0. Grey. Lientenaut-Colonel Et. Drought, by Lieutenant-General Sir Cl. Pollock. Mfr. J. Dunn, by the Right Hon. H. labouchero. Captain Dunbar, on his return from the Crimea, by LieutenantGeneral Thorne. Licutedant Dymnoke, by Colonel Tomline. Captain AL Eden. on bis retum from the Crimea, by the Earl of Westmoreland. Lieutenant-Colonel Elmhbirt, onhisreturn from the Crimea,by bis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Captain Erlam, on return from foreign service, by Conel ViSOclnt Chelsa. Captain N. Everard, by Major-General Sir R. Airey. Captain W. A. Fellowes, R.N., on his promotion and return from sericeinChia., bythe RightHon. Siir C. Wood. MZr. Ferge, dP., by the Lord-Advocate of Scotland. ieutenant J.. rFerguson, on his return from the Crimea, by the Marquis of Donegall. Surgeon C. Ferneley. by the Mfarquis of Granby. Mr. G. Fit7roy, byhis uncle, the Duke of Richmond. Yr. C. St. George Clever'ry, by the Wilht Hon. H. Labouchere, .LP. Ensign E. J. Fitrulmona, by Colonel Eden. Hon. J. Fiemmes, on his marriage, by Lord Delamere. Hfr. H. Fleetwood, by Sir H. Fleetwood. Mfr. D. Fortescue, by the Earl of Harrowby. Mr. G. G. Fortetcie, by the Earl of Harrowby. Lieutenant H. G. Fortescue, on appointment to the Coldstream Guards, by Field Marahal the Earl of Strafford. Dr. Forteath, on return from the Crimea, by General Sir A. Clifton. Lieutenant Ford, Royal Artillery, on receiving his commission, by Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge. Mr. hL L. Formby, on being made Deputy-Lieutenant, by Viscounlt Maynard. Dr. P. Fraser, on his return from the Crimea, by his Royal Highnees the Duke of Cambridge. Licutenant-Colonel A. Fraser, by Lord Belha-en. Ensign S. V. Fraser, by Colonel the Marquis of Salisbury. Ensign iE. J. Fryer, by his father Mr. W. It Fryer. Lieltenant-Colonel L. Fyler, on return from the Crimea, by ideutenant-General Sir J. V. Scarlett. lusign A. H. Garland, by ColonelWilson. Ensign Gardiner, on appointment to the 31st Regiment, by Lieutenant-General Sir . Wallac. Commander T. L. Gaussen, on promotion and return from foreign service, by the Right Hon. Sir C. WYood. Lieutenant Geary, on return from the Crimea, by Field Marshal Viscount Hardinge. Major Gelich. by Lord Panmure. Lieutenant-Colonel T. Gibbingz, on promotion, and return from the West undies, by Field-Mfarshal Viscount Combernere. Lieutenant J. S. Gibb, by the Chairman of the East India Com. pany. Captain F. Glasse, R.N., on return from active serrice, by Sir C, Wood. Captain R. Glyn, on return from the Crimea, by General Sir,_G. Brown. Lieutenant R. G. Glyn, on return from the Crimea, by General Sir A. Clifton. Ensign F. Goddard, by Lieutenant-General Sir It. Clarges. General Sir W. Gomm, on his return from the chief command in India, by Field Marsbal Viscount Hardinge. at. Gordon (of Wethermuir), on hi marriage, by the Earl of Abardean. Mr. J. Grant, on his marringe, by Sir Archlbaldnope. Ensimn M. D. GraLt, by General. Sir J. Doveton. Mr. G. Grant by Lord Glenek.. C-antain W. Graham, bySir G. Montgomery. Ccr. et A. D. Graham, by Colonel the Hon. W. Portmn, hLP. C nt inG on r b ointmlnt and proniiin, by Fteie-Macial thewl:a f Strafra. Lieutenant G. u. Grey, by Sir G. Grey. bIr. D. Griffiths on his marriage. by Lord Hotham, MbP. M r. W. Griffiths, by Colouet J. Sidney North. Lieuztenant J. Groome, by the Earl of Lanesborough. Captain Garrard, aupxoat.ent to the 5th Drazoon Guards, by the .Adlntanwt.GeneraL i Mfajor G. Halpin, by General Vivian. CaPtain E. P. Halsted. on appointment to command the Steamo Reserveat Sheerness.zlby the Rigaht loHn. nSir C. owot ad. teSs br. W. Hallett. by ReaB-Admiral Sir 0. Brooke Pechell. MIr. A. Hamilton. by the aDak-e of Hamilton. Assistant-Surgeon sre. Hangor, by Lieutenant-Colonel Towneley. Mr. 3. F. Hfarrison. by Lord Glenelg. Ensign H. Harris. by Lieutenan t-General Sir G. Berkeley. Mr. 3.gL. Hart, Mexican Vice-Consul, by the Mexican Charge Rear-Admoiral Sir T. Hastings, on promotion, by Sir C. Wood. Ensign lassea, by the Dulke of Richmond. Mr. Hatherel by the Earl of Granard. Commander F. iawkine, R-N.. on promotion and return from the Black Sea, by Admirsl Lord Lyons, Iaeutenant J. K.S. Henderson. on return from service in Western Africa. by Major-General Sir G. A. WetberaU. Captain Hon. W. HL Herbert, on return from the Crimea, by the Earl of Powiz. Cap'sain Fleetwood Hesketh, by bis uncle Sir Heaketh Eeetwood, Lientenant.Coleuel Higginson. n promotion anid return from the Crimea, by Lientenaut-General Eigganson. Lieutenant F. Hime, by theInspac or-General of Fortific tions. Ensign C. Rinrich. by bMajor Moore. Commander H. W. Hire, R.N., by Sir C Wood. CaPtain J. C. Hobbs, on promution and return from the Crimea. by General Sir Colhn-CampbelL. Colonel Hodges. on his return on leave, by the Earl of Clarendon. Mr. E. Holland. Al P., by Lord Stanley. Lieutenant R. IHlo ne, by Colonel Bloomfield. bSr. H. Hoqlpns, Hawaiia.n Consul-General. bythebarlof Clarendon. TPie Hou. it. Gi. Howard, Secretary to Her Majestybs Embasy at Parse, bY the Eoyl of Ciareadon. Dr. E. HIooward, on r.turn from service in the military hospitals at Seutare by the DHreetor-General of the Army hledical Department. Paymaster HL H. Howett, by Lord Pamnure. The Rev. H. H3uleath, on return Irom the Crimea, by the Chaplain General to the Forces. Captain,F.Huttson.EH.N., on appointment to Her Majesty' ship Roya Wilia bySirC. Wvood. Ensign J. T. Eyatt, by the Earl of Wilton. Lieutenalt Irby, by General the Right Hon. Sir E. Blakeney. Dr. Jacksson. byLideusensat.Colouel Towel-ely. lLieubtenant.olonel T. James, on returma from India, by the Earl of Lieutenant J. James, by Colonel Burnaby. Captain T. Jenlkins, by the Chairnan of t'e East India Company. b hlaejor.eneral Sir Harry Jones, by Fieh.-Mshal Viscount Har- Lieutenant E. D. Johnson, by the hlarquis of Granby. Ideutenant Jobnson, by the Earl of Portsmouth, Rev. J. Johnstone. by Colonel Faddy. Mr. W. S. Seton-Karr. by tho MaIruis of Lansdowne. Major Kearney, on promotion, by the Quarter-Master-General Of the Forces blr. R. Keate, on his return from the-Wcst Indies, by the Right Hon. H. Labouchere. Rev. C. Kent, by blr. F. Wynn Knight, Mr.P ;arl of Keumare. by the barquis of Lansdowne. Mr. Kendall. LP., by Lieutenant-Colonel Sir C. Rashleigh. Diaeutenant King, on return from the Crimea, by Major-General Majo Br T. E .Kn, on hs return from foreign a&vice, by MajorGener. a Sir Cohn CampbelL, Ho. Mlaior KCnox. MLP., on promotion. by the Earl of Ranfurley. Colonel AtweU Lake, on return from Kars, by bMajor-General Sir Pentwick WilWams. Captain C. H. Lambert, by his father Sir H. Iambert. Captain Lambert, on return from Corfu, by his father Sir H. Lambert. Lieutenant Le Patourel, by Lientenant-General Knollys. Mbr. W. E. Lendrickc, on appointment to the 5th Royal Lancashire Regiment. byLiuentenant-Colonel Towonley Ensign Ie Touche, by Colonel Earl of Meath. MSr. R. Levett, by Viscount Sandon. Earl of Listowel, on his accession to the title and return from foreign service, by; his Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge. Rev. 3. LiJle, D.D., on his return from Tasnania, by the Duke of ArgylL. Ensign J. G. Lindsay. by the Chairman of the East India Compary, Comet B. Logan. by the Adjutant-General. Mfajor Longden. on return from India, by General Sir T. brMahon. Lieutenant R. 3B. Longe, by Lieutenant.Uolonel Ashley. Mr. G. T. Lowrth, on appointment as Deputy-Lieutenant, by Colonel L. Vaughan Watkins. Lieutenant J. Lucas, by the Chairman of the East India Company. Major Lumley, on promotion, by Lieutenant-General Proctor. Lieutenant R Lyons, on receiving his commission, byField-Marshal Viscount Hardinge. O Admiral Lord Lyons, on his elevation to the Peerage, by Viscount Paimerston. Captain S. F. blacmuUen, by the Chairman of the East India Company. Lieutenant F. A. C. Haodonnell, byLieutenant-ColonelHiggins. Commissary-General Sir G. Maclean, on return from the Crimea and appointment as K.C.B., by Lord Panmure. Aeutenant A. M'Gregor. by Sir J. bilGrigor. Lieutenant-Colonel M'Murdo, by ViscountDrwmlarig. Lieutenant-Colonel Macgherson, by Major-General Sir B.. England. Mr. H. R. Mladocks. by tolonel Mlyddelton Biddulph, YP. Lieutenant HL Maitland, R.N.. by Rear-Admiral Sir S. Liishington. Rear-Admiral Sir H. Byam Martin, on being made a K.C.B., by Admiral Lord Lyons. M1r. E. bMarriott. by Lieutenant-General Fane. Mlr. R. Mfarriott, by the Chairman of the East India Company Mfr. A. Marsden, onreturn from the Crimea, by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Lieutenant D. bMassey, on return from the Crimea, by LieutenantGeneral Sir W. RoV-an. Captain Mreagher, by Right Hon. W. hMonsell, H.P. blr. Hutchings, by Sir W. MIedlycott. Esign H. R. hteik7ejobn, by the Chairmanof the East India Com- .W. P. MicheU, on aPpointment as Deputy-Lieutenant for Comwall, by Hon. George Byng, M.P. Dr. BFCorh, by the Chairman oE the East India Compny. Dr. hilihroy, Sanitary Commissioner of the Armyin the East, by Lord Commander A. Mitchell, R.N., on promotion, by Sir C. Wood. Lieutenant-General Sir W. Mloore. on promotion, on appointment to the Order of the Biath, and to the 60th Regiment, by Viscount Har- Mloore.on promotion, andas High Sheriff of Lincolnshire, by the Marquis of Granby. Catain hloore. B.N, on return from the Blacl; Sea, and nomination as a U.S.. by Sir C. Wood. Lieutenhant J. C. Mroore, on return from the Crimea, by Viscount r. Mlorgan. on returm from the Crimea, by Sir C. Morgn Captain H. Morris, R.N., on promotion and return from foreign service, by Sir C. Wood. Mr. W. Moxon, by Lord Aberdeen. Lord bluncaster, on his marriage. by the Marquisof Westminster. Dr. Murchison, by Sir H. Murchison. IAeutenant H. G. Morris. by Colonel G. Moncrieff. MIr. John Mlorron. by Colonel Faddy. Colonel Nspier, on his return irom ndia, by Field Marabal Viscount Hardilge. Sir D.Neave bytho arlofllehester. LieutenantNean-e,byhisiather, SirD.Neave. Ideutenant-ColeneL Nedham, oni retorn from the Crimea, by Field Marshal Viscount Hardinge. Major Nelson. on promotion, by Major G. Breton. Lieutenant J. H. Eeilson. by the Earl of Wilton. Major Edward Neville. Scots Fusileer Guards, on promotion and returnfromtheG-fimea, by his Roya Highasasthe Dul-e ofCambridge. blr. B. Nixon, by the Duke of ArgylL. Sir C. Nicholson, on returrn from Australia, by the Right Hon. H. Labouebere. Comet Nicholson, by Lieutenant-Colonel Lord Sydney. Lieutenant C. R. Norris, by the Mfarquis of Granby. Ensign S. Mortimer, by l,ieutenant-General Salter. Colonel L. S. O'Conaor, C.B., Governor of the Gambia, on appointment to the Batb, and on return from service inWestemAfrigca byMr. Labouchere. Mr. Ml. J. OConnell, by Viscount Castlerosse. Lieutenant A. W. Onslow, R.N., by Rear-Admiral Sir J. Sterling. Commander bL O'Reilly, on promotion. by Sir C. Wood. Captain R.. C. Rs. Owen. by the Ea l of bowers Lieutenant Page, on retur from the Crimea, by Major-General fir P. Willams of Kars. Lieutenant-Colonel Pakenham, on promotion, by Field Marshal Viscount Hsrdingo. Captain Patterson, on return from foreign service, by Geueral W. Lieutenant 3. B. Paterson, bythe Inspector-General of Fortidica- Ensign A. Peachy, on his return from the Crimea, by General Sir De Lacy Evans. Mr. Serjeant Parry, on taLing the Co4 by the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. bMr. Pensam, by Sir G. Grey. Ensig W. C. Penu, by Lord Carrington. lr. S. Petrie. by Lord Panmure. Lieutenant C. HL Pickering, Royal Artilery, an obtaining his comm3ssion, by Field-Marsbal Viscount Hardinge. Ca tain PeSo on promotion and return from foreign servioe, by Fiel-bMarshal aiscount Hardinge. Mr. Serjeant Pigott, on being admitted to the Degree of the Coif, bJ the Lord Chancellor. Lieutenant Phillip, on appointment to the Artilery Compsnj of London, by Sir G. Osey. Major W. G. Prenderga3t, on return from India, by his father, Gene. ral Sir J. Prendergast. Lord Proby, by the Earl of Donoughmore. Lieutenant Ramsden, on his return from the Crimea, and appointment to the Regal Horse Artillery, by thre Basrlo Ellenborougb. Lieutenant P. h. Rawlins, by the Duke of Rutland. Commander H. J. Raby. R.N., on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Rear-Admiral Sir S. Lushington. Commander G. W. Rabett, R.N., on promotion, by Viscount BMy. nard bMr.It Ravlimnson, .E.. Sanitary Commission, army in the East, by Lord Panmure. LIeutenant-Colonel Reyynolds, on promotion, by Sir G. WetheralL blajor W. Rickman, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by General Sir G. Brown. Mr. H. Riddell, by the Duke of Buccleuch. The Rev. H. Roberts, by Mr. It. P. Collier, bLP. Lieutenant G. bL Xobertson, on his return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General Sir A. Clifton. Dr. hI Robertson on appointment to the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Ar;ms, by Right lioiL Lord Foley. Lieutenant-Colonel Robertson, on his promotion, by Lord Panmure. Ensign and. Adjutant Robinson, by Lord Pamimure. Mfajor-General Lord Rokeby, onreturn from Crimea and appoint. ament to Knight Commander of thoBath, by Field-Marshal Viscount Htardingo. hoctor J. Rose, R.N., on promotion and appointment, by Sir T. Sir 3. Rowe, on his return from Jamaica, by thl Right Hn. H. Labouchere. Lord C. Rowiley. R.N_ by Mr. W. AngersteonM Lieutenant H. H. St. Loger, by Captain IL Vernon, h.P. Rev. J. K. Sabin, Chaplain to the Forces, on his commiseioi and return from Scutari by the Chaplain GeneraL. Lieutenant J.G. iandeman, on his return from the Crimea, by Gene. ral Sir C. Campbell. Lieutenant B.. Sandham, on his return from Gibraltar, by Colonel Saudham. Ensign H. B. Savory, by Tieut-Colonel Sir T. W. Brotherton. Lord H. Scott, by the Duke of Buceleuch. Ensign A . Scott, on appointment to Madras Army, by Colonel Matthie. Mr. C. F. Scott, by the Duke of Argyll. Rev. C. B. Scott, by the Earl of Bandon. Captain Seale, on his return from the Crimea, by Field-arshal Viscount Hardinge. Lieutenant W. Sergison, by Colonel the Duke of Richmond. 3Mr. W. D. Seymour, Sardinian Vice-Consul, Qaeenstowo, by John B. Heath, Esq.. Sardinian Consul-GeneraL. Lieutenanr 3. Shaw, on return from the Crimea, byLieutenant. General Sir Do Lacy Evans. Lieutenant-Colonel Shiusley. on return from the Crimea andpromotion, by Major-General Sir C. York.' Colonel A. Shirley, by Lord Panmeure. Lieutenant Shortia, by Colonel N;emys Tynte, H.P. M1aior 0. 'P. F. Shuck'bmrgh, on promotion and return from the Crimea. by his Royal Hfighness'the Duke of Cambridge. Mfr.3, Simpson, late Vice-Consul at Croustadt, by the Earl of Cia- Captain J. G. Skipworth, by Colonel Tomline, hXP. mCa4p=tainH. dA. Smyth, on return from the Crimea. by Field-Marshal ieutenant H. Smith, onreturn from India,by Major the Hon. C. S. Hardinge, S.P . Dr. E. Smith, by the Duke of Norfolk . Mr. W. Smith. C.Sr, by Mr. BradehawS VCLselntSomerton, on hisemarriage, byViscount Barringtn. The Earl of Southek-, on the restoration of the title, by Lord Pan- mr re. Captain Stapleton. by the right Ion. R. Vernon Smith. h.P. iajor-Geneant Sir S. W. Steel, on appointment as KhC.B. and return fromndia, by the President of the Board of Control. Rov. H. Stobar', bytho Duke of Buc4eluch. Commander A. C. Strode. R.N.. on return fromthe Sea ofAzoff and promotion, byr Admiral Lord L bosea e Colonel Strange, by ield-MVarshal Viscount Hardinge. Lieutenant T. B. Strauge, on return from foreign terrie,s bEy FieldMIarshal Viscount Hardinge. Rer. R. Sutton by the Lord BLshoP of Jamaica, Lieutenant 0. G~r;mt Suttie, on his retturn from the Crimea, by Sir G. GrantSuttie. Enlsign S, S. Sutherland, byL4rd Asrburton. Lieutenant G. Srectenhame ny the Inspector-General of the Fortiecations. Commander W. C. Tathoar . R.N., on promotion and return from the Baltic, by Sir C. Wood. Captain Taylor, on promotion, byField-Marshal Viscount Hardiuge. Mfr. P. R. Taylor, C.B, on promotion, by ieutenant-General Sir E.. England. Lieutenant T-eedale, on return from K drs, by General Sir Fenauic Wl isims. Liesstenant-Colouel Liord A. Vane-Tempest on promotion and re- turn from the Crimea. by his brother, Earl Vane. MLr. Emeron Tensent, by his fa.ther, Sir J. Emneroo Tennent. Lieutenant-Cloe Th;awl, by Lieutenant-eneral Sir W. Fyre. Commander WV. Thorpe, B.N.. on PrOmotiOn and return from the Crimes, by Sir C. Wood. Mr. P. Thompstn, by LSajor-Generel Powney. LieuternantColonelgTimin on hisreturn from India, by Lieutenant- GeetralPatyC BrevetMaijor Tinling. on promotion and retrnudrom the Crinea, by Ieutentuant-Ueneral Calvert. Lieutenant J.1. TisdaD, non obtoLinighis ommission bythe Iuspeeter-Gemeral of Portifications, Hr. 0. Toogood, on Isis return from India. by the Catirman of the East Lndia Company. Captain C. i;. Tottenbham, on promot,o a and return f,romt the Crimes. by Lieutenant-General hig Royal Highne.a the DA-, of '-mbridge. J. Townsend R.N., by Sir C. Wood. ;ll.jorg 0.a Maichant ToppPr, on protlnotion and retun from the CrimIea, by Sir' D. Le Mtacchant. AS9ititant{;:g>eOO H. Turcer, Scott Fmllecr Guar& ,onappzm}l,tment and retnu home fro;: tire Crimt, by his Royal Highness the Dukie of Camhri6Oe, iZeutenant A. A. 2eedale, byLieutenant.Colonclpouneley. Captain Vane. on bis return from the Crnimes, by his brother Sir H. * Captain 3. W. Vansittart.,R.S, on promotion by Sir C. Wocd. Brevet-Major G. Vialls, on his reii rn from the Crimea, aed on promotion, by Major-General Sir G. WetheftilL HEo. H. C. Vivian, by the Earl of Clarendon. Bishop of Victoria. by the Bight Hon. IL Laboucl:ere. hl2jor Von Wimk, by Lord Panmure. Captain Sir B. W. Walker, R.N., on being created a Baronet,. by. VLscount Palmerston. )1ajor Walker, on promotion, by Major-General Sir G. 1etheral.L Captain W. L, Walker. by Lord A. W. Beauclerk. Si rg eo n WalLesnhe, XLD., on return frm the Criluea, byField?,Iarlial Viscount Hardlinge, Captain Warburton; on promotion and return from the Crimea, by: Lieutenant.General SrrWY. Rowvan. CO'onel E, Warde, on appointment to the Order of the Bath, by Lord Panmure. Liiuteanmt-Colonel Wardlaw, by General Sir A. Clifton. Lieutenant-Colonel Warre, onretum from the Crimea, and app,ointment as Companion of the Bath. by Viscount Hlardige. T.aeut.nant Warrenu on return from the Crimea, by Gencral Sir J. Hon. J. L. Warren. by Lord De Tabley. Lieutenant R. F. Webb, by Jolonel P. Ji Yorke. Lieutenant-Colonel J. B. Western, on his return from Inaia. by Sir P. Ceertley. Mr. C. W. Wheler, or. appointment totbe Royal East Kent Mounted RBLes, by Lieutenant-Colonel Deedes, 3LP. Lienutenat-Colonel Wheatley. Hon. Corps of Genllemer-at-Arms, on appointment. by Lord Foley. Mr. J. P. Wilde, on being appointed one of Her Majesty's Coumsel, by the Lord Chancellor. LieutenantW. Wilson, bytbe Chairman of the East Irdia Company. Major Wilison. on promoUon, by Major-General Breton. Lieutenant Riebard K. Willson, R.M., on return from foreign serice, byhisfather. Mlajor Willsor. Captain D. Wilian. by theRight Uon. Lord Byron. Captain S. D-Willan, on his return from the Crimea, by the Bight Hon. Lord Byron. Lieutenant George J. Wlliams, by Sir S. M. Doyle. Ensign J. Whitseed by tee Marquis of Graruby. Hon RoRwland Waln, by lear-Admiral Arbuthnott. Colonel D. Wood, on his return from the Crimea, by Field-Marsrlal Viscount lardinge. Ensign W. W. Wood, by the Duke of Richmond. The Hon. HL Wodehouse, on his appointment as Attach6 to the British Leoation at VieDna. by the Earl of Clarendon. M= WVoife, oapropotioa and return from the Crimea, by Field- Sir G. IVombwelL Bart., on appointment to the Yorkshire Husmarr, by the Earl de Grey. Major Wombvwcill, an promotion and return from the Crimea, by the Earl of St. Germain's. Captain WomhbwelL by the Marquis of DonegalL Hon. J. F. S. Wortley. by the Earl of Harrowby. Lieutenant-Colonel Wright. on promotion, by Sir B. Airey. Captain J, F. Wright, by the Right Hon. the Earl of Morton. MEr. J. H. Worral, by Mr. P. W. Doyle. Rev. H. Woodington, on his appointment as Chaplain in the Hon. East India Company's service, by the Marquis of Blandford. Mtr. Tiristewiayte, by Sir E. Haves. hfr. H. Low,. by the Hon. P. C. Scsrlett. Colonel Bidley, on his return from the Crimea, by Field-Marshal the Commander-in-i,hief. .ieutenant-Colonel W. Yates, on his promotion sna return from Indua, by General Sir WV. Gommn. Captain J. F. S. Fotheriagham, on prosotion aud return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General E R.fL the Duke of Cambridge. Dtrms.-Baccleueb, Blanchester. MAEQcusEs.-Woatmimster, Huntly, Headfort; Ailsa, Kildare, Drogbeda. BaRW-LovelacO, Wiclaov, Abingdon, St. Germans. Morley, Haddiagton, Mlortou, flchester, Vane. Bathuert, Airlie, Chichester, Damley, Beauchamp. Powis, Bandon, Donoughmore. VMscOUrNr.-Valletort, Feilding, Brackley. Castlerosse. Campden, Falmouth, Corson, Saudon, Dancan, Strathallan, Dalrymple. BzOaS.-Jamaica, Colombo. LoatDs.-Alvanley, Denman, Cremome, Kingsale. Ashburton, Lilford, De Tabley, Byron, Brehaven, Charles Bruce, Edwin BIll, Aveland, Londesborough, Gray of Gray, W. Douglas. ItroTr HON0OU1LkLES-W. hlonsell, M.P.. B. Lowe. B. DisraelL L. Sulivan, T. B. hacaullay. C. Villiers, M.P., E; Cardwell. HOORcAhLMS,-E. Alonson, H. Berkeley. ALP., W. North, W. W. Addington, SirE. BuUer, E. Curzon, A Gordon, Q. Barrington, J. Dutton, A, Pennington, F. P. Bouverie, J. Mostyn, H.P. 3sERoy.-C. d' Alten, BnAtoNErs.-H, Lambert, J.3. B. Mackenzie. G. Brooke Pechell M-P., A. Alison, . Hayes. hMP., John all, W. B E. Milner. J. S Richardson, B, Lacon. ALP., T. hillpps, W. Medlycott, HL Winston Barron, J. Orde. G. EB Welby, H. Vane. Charles Morgan. Hesketh Fleetwood, G. Nugent. 8ms.-G. Carroll, C. Fox, C. Fitzroy, D. le Mearchant, J. Hansler, S. Bignold, M.P., J. Sooth, J. Emerson Temment, F. Palgrave, G. Grant Sottie. Bin. DoroTaR -Syrioirs, Broadley, Parish. DocTroi.-BRutledge. REvRczr-Ds._T, S. H. Anderson, W. Calvert, W. Gooch, A. P. Stanley, J. E. Kenvpe, IL Hutton,J. .L Holland, C. W. Pitt. ALDMsc),ann-Shoeiff Bose, Sheriff Hartley-Kennedy, Meek (of York), Turner (of EReter). msmuns.-Senlor, Chamberlaine,Waldie, Attye, J. Frere, Xunt7, XYP., T. H. B. Cros:e. Montgomery, A. Hamilton, Leopold Cost, Laxton, G. B. Smith, J. P. Heywood. H. Bippisley, B J. Stanley, Seholefield, .P., H -). Seymour. hLP., Erasmus Wilson, Seymour AUen, Alexander Hastieo ML.., Leeks, S. Robinson,C,Wreuloskyns, Pownall. E. BuUer, Err-agton, J. Peel. Taylor 3ieadows, Longden, Tador, Chandos Rivers, J. W. Malcolm, Holdship, Sitvertop, W. Angerstein, Thomely, H.P., Seymour Allen, Henry Sutton, Hammond, Edward Baylis, Gerard Stuart. H.P., Neville Granville, HL Sandeman, Berington, Robert Berkeley, Bernard dBroahurst, Grattan, Hindley, M.P., Clement Cobbold, Stuart, Longston, T. Winknworth, Gadesdes, Constable Maxwell, Ireland, Winn Knight, h.P., Lewis Aria, W. Rolles Fryer, Douglas Irvine, B. Ormbby Gore, Bar=on, Bradshaw, G. Arbathnot, AnmccAs.-SirWalkin Pell, Hon. Sir Fleetwood Pelew. Sir James StirEng, Henry Colier, Arbuthrott, K.C.T., Sir Charles Eapier. RBeton Sharpe, C.B., Sir Stephen Lushmngton, SCR.B., Eden. CAPTA=s (Royal Wavy).-Gerden, Bulock, C. J. F. Ewart Henry D. Rogers, C.B., B, John Carpenter, YW B. Oliver, Lord Clarence Paget W. Allen, G. T. Gordon, Craigie, Rowloy laubert, W. Ellis, SirBurltonXumanaara. LcETuS=AN (Royal Navy).-Jobn Blacnore. GENcALs.-Sir W. Fenwick Williams, Sir John Burgoyne, Spencer Stanhope, Chamberlayne. Fane, Pownuy Viscount Melvile. }.C.B.. T. Bimbury, Sir W. H Colebrooke, Sir 3Frederick Stoviu. Sir Arthur Clifton, Reatinck, Sir W. B. Clayton, Bait. Walton, Lluellyn, C.B.. T. Reid, C.B.. Sir Maxwell Wallace Heglinon. Thomas, Hon. H. Murray, O.B., Wsnyarde, C.B., Oidteld, R.H., Sir W. Eyre, CoLrrOlE.-Hyddleton Biddulpb, Ouse3cy ligginson, I.P., Jones. Lumley. Parker, Towneley, Maitland, Lyons Mlontgomery, T. Beat Jervis, H. Sandham, Boos, Sir Archibald Hope, Bart.. Cator. Bowxles, 3Lord Methuen, G Ev.ler, Goocs, Sir CoQmab Bashleigh. Bart. lIanmer, K.H., L ord Rluighley, Browarleg. C.B., Wardlaw., Einloch Lord Frederick Fitzroy, CoaDioner, Lloyd WVatkins. hf.P., Pickering, Brook Talor, Rolleston, Frederic'k Mande, Bradford, Robert Wood, Crofdbie.Hagart, Pipon, biatthie, F. W. Elamlilton, AsUley, Wood, Singleton. Faddy. MAJORS.-Chambre. , B1 r. Priestly, C. Q. Gibb, TomLinson, Her. dinge, Tipping, Puget White, Graham, Peel Yates, Hon. W. Colville, Allen. Casrrs.-Sayer, Dounla Jone.s, George 0. Gordon, B,: I.. Parratt, Houme, F letcher, Hton. Percy Barrington, L;evis Jon es, Pemberton, Belfield, H,ay Bnuxton, Hansardi, Hlon. George Wrottesley, H. D. Abbott. G. B. Jervis, L loyd, Welby, John T. Black;burne. LnEIOAnto.-A. S. de Weldyez. Williams. Hay, B, L. Thompson, H. h. roorsom, Herbert Owven. Charles J. Mooeom, Giffard. Taylor, Fitrraurice Creighton, Hamilton Maxwll, Werge, Henry Johnson, REzscos-F. A. Cubitt, H. C. Moore, B, C. BielmeD. The Queen and Prince Albert returned to Bucckinglan Palace after the Levee.
COURT CIRCULAR. His Royal Highness Prince Albert presided yesterday at a meeting of the Council of the Dachy of CornvalL There were also present the Chancellor (the Right Hon. Thomas Pemberton Leigh) the Keeper of the Privy Seal (Viscount Mfonck, HLP.), the Attorney-General (Mr. Alexander) the Treasurer (Colonel Phipps), the Dake of Newcastle, Lord Portman, and the Secretary (Mr. J. R. Gardiner). Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Queen yesterday morning at Buckiogham Palace. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester visited the Princess Royal in the afternoon. The Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Mary also visited her Royal Highness. The Prince Consort accompanied by Prince Frederick William of Prussia, rode out on horseback attended by Baron Moltke and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. In the evening ler Majesty had a dinner party, which comprised their Royal Hignesses the Dachess of Kent, the Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Oscar of Sweden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, the Princess Mary of Cambridge andtheDukeofCanbridge, the Dake and Duchess of Somerset, the Prussian Iinister and Countess Bernstorff, the Marquis of Abercorn, Earl Spencer, Viscount Palmersten, Admuiral Lord Lyons, Lady Anna Maria Dawson, Lady Geraldine Somerset, Baroness do Speth, Admiral the Hlon. Sir R. S. flundas and Mir. Arthur C. Magenis, Her Majesty's Minister at the Court of Sweden, H. do Flach, Lieutenant Afzelius, Lieutenant Due, Dr. Idllecbjorn Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish, Major Parve Colonel Tyrwhitt, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstern, Baron Moltke, Lieutenant de Sebreckenstein, Dr Wegner The band of the Coldstream Guards played during dinner the following compositions:- March, composed by His Majesty Frederick William IM. Overture "L'EtoiloduNord" ..eyerbeer. Valse .. "zerlina". . Knig. Selection "11 Trovatore . . VerdL Quadrille "St. Patrick" (hist melodiesj .. Laurent. Mzch, composed in the reign of Frederick WillWam L After dinner a concert took place in the Saloon. The fol. lowing is the programme:- Duo. "Une Uiwer brflante." HerrReicbardtand hL Jules Lefort t" Richard Conur de Lioe) . Gretry. Itecit. ed Aria, " 0 patria dolce ingrata," Made. moiselleWagner ("Tancredi") .. .. .. osinL Romance, "le petit Mousse Noir," St. Jules Lefort .. .r .. .. .. .l .. Crcl Romance, "Tais-toi, mon coeur," AL Jules Lefort Herion. Aria, "Ah perfido," MademoiselleN ey .. .. Beethoven. Duett, 'Treibe Schifflein,"3ademoiselleWagner and Herr Reichardt ..llken. Lied, " Veglein woohin so schnell," Mademoiselle Ney .Goldberg. lied, "Wiegenied," MLademoiseUoWagner . Tanbert. Air. " David chantant derant Saul," bL Jules Lefort. .rdRse. Duet, " Ich wolt meme lieb," MesdemoisellIes Ney and Wagner .. .. .. .. .. 3fendelssohn. At the Pianofortc, Mr. W. G. Cusins. Notice is hereby given that the State Apartments of Windsor Castle are now open uder the usual regulations. Ifer Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Anna Maria Dawson, went to Claremont yesterday, and visited the Countess de Neuilly.
SouTHAinrox, June 25.-Another new paddle-wheel steamship, named the Havre, belonging to the SonthWestern Steam Company, sailed this evening for France, commanded by Captain Smith. Tho Havre is a clipperlike vessel of 518 tons, builder's measurement, with engines of 225-horse power, by 2Ilcsrs. Seawsrd and CapeL She was constracted at the building-yard of the Messrs. Hare, of Blackwall. Herdimensions are :-Length between perpendiculars, 185 feet ; breadth, 24 feet ; depth, 14feet 6 mches; and she has accommodation for 195 passengers,- but. should it be necessary, can find room for as many as 450. Her capacity for cargo is about 200 tons. The speed of the Havre is highly satisfactory, it being computed that her average, inder ordinary circumstances, is 15 miles per hour. Previous to her departure the vessel steamed down Southampton water and returned to the pier. A select party of friends, among whom -were some scientific men, accompanied the ship, and geemed much pleased at her steady motion and comfortable and elegant accommodations. CnossED Cyxs.-TVae new act to amnend the law relating to draughts on bankers was yesterday issued. The preamble states that doubts have arisen -as to the obligations of bankers with respect to cross-written draughts, and that it would conduce to the ease of commerce, the security of property, and the prevention of crime, if draweers or holders of draulghts on bankers, payable to bearer or to order on deunand, wele enabled effectually to direct the payment of the same to be sade only to or through some banker. Therefore it is enacted that a draught crossed 'with a ban];er's name is to be payable only to or through some bannker. The act is now in force,
THE CBYSTAL PALACE. Yesterday mAother horticultural fPe, the second of tha present season, -s held ir the Crystal Palace, and, like aln preceding occasion of the Idad, attracted m3any thousand of visitors from the metrsolis and the surrounding neighbourhood, incldding a-large proportion of the aristocratic' and wealthier classes. From 2 e'clock, when the doors opened, untll 6 train after train was despatched from thi terminus at London-bridge, freighted with well-dreasee people; until eventually the number present in the building amounted to upwards of 14,000. The scene Wm remarkable for its' gaiety' and animation, exceeding in many respects the kindred - splendours of Chiswick. 'Within an- edifice than which therb could not posibly be one so singularly weU adapted for snch a display were collected from far and near thousands of the rarest and -most beautiful specimens of exotic plants and flowers, natives of all climes, combiming all that is brilliant and fascinating in colour with all that is rich or delicate in perfume, added to an assortment of the most exquisite fruit that could charm the eye or excite- the palate. Besides the ordinary floral attractions of the P?alace, *f singular beauty and interest in themselves, there were calceolarias, pelargoniums, cape heaths, exotic ferns, and orchids, variegated plants, and, in the language of horticulture, "plants of fine foliage," mostly natives of the East Indies, Chili, Java, Madeira, Norfolk Island, Jamaica; and the Brazils; azaleas, roses, cut 'and in pots, stove and greenhouse plants, in endless beauty and variety; and in frits, plums, apricots, and cherries, black grapes, some cut and others growing in elegant festoons, peaches, nectarines, strawberries, melons, and pine apples, alU of the most delicious kind. Around the long lines of benches on. which the specimens were arranged, with the most faultlea regard to efective exhibition, the crowd of visitors k-ept continually moving throughout the day; the whole spectacle, as seen from the galeries, andbeightened by the adjuncts of sculpture and architecture, being one of the most animated description. The band of the Coldstream Guards, which played at intervals on the terrace, as did that of the company in the building, added the charm of music to the occasion. The day was brilliant throughout, and the foun tais played in the afternoon. The grounds were irroe sistibly inviting, and, under circumstances so auspicious, the fetc, at which hundreds lingered until late in the evening, may be said to have been without alloy. The mode in which the flowers were exhibited in the centre of the transept, and whiCn varied from that adopted on previous occasions of the kind, evinced great taste and elicitedgeneraladmiration. Therewas alarge circular dais in thebcentre, around- which the choicest stove and greenhouse plants were grouped, surmounted by a graceful fern, while here and there aumong them some of the finest pieces of sculpture in the building, by Canova, Wyatt, and Gibson, were introduced with the happiest effect. Again, at allthe salient points of the transeptnumbers of plants and flowers were ranged round the principal statuis -with an equally fine result. For example, the statue of Flora was made to preside, as it were, over a group of the most exquisite azaleas, and the effect was extremely pleasing. It may be briefly stated that the chief prizes at the flower-show were awarded to Mr. Fleming, gardener to the Duke of Sutherland at Trentham; hfr. Turnbull, gardener to the Dake of Marlborough at Blenheim; Mr. May, gardener to xIr. H1. Collyer; Mr. John Green, gardener to Sir Edmund a ntrobus, Mrn. T. Williams, Mr. Cutbush, Messrs. Veitch and Son, Chelsea; lMr. Peed, gardener to Mr. J. H. Treadwell; Mr. Gedney, Mr. P. Bassett, gardener to Mr. H. Holford; Mr. Fletcher, Messrs. Paul and Son, Mr. E. P. Frncis, Mr. A. Rowland, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Snow, gardener to Earl de Grey; Mr. J. Davis, MIr. Dalrymple, and Mlr. Forsyth, gardener to Baron Lionel de Rothschild. One arrangement in the interior economy of the Palace involves at times so great and continuous an interference with the public enjoyment, especially on fite days, as to be worthy attention in the proper quarter, though it was, per. haps, not so seriously felt yesterday as on many previous occasions. Whenever there is a pressure upon the various places of refreshment, which ofnecessityfrequentlyhappens, the attendance there, however adequate it may be at ordi nary times, is whoLy unequal to the emergency, and a soene of the greatest confusion ensnes, accompanied by general dissatisfaction. Atsuchtimes,foranygentleman, stillless any 'ady, single-handed, to attemptto procure an ice, a cup of coffee, or any other kind of refreshment, or* even a seat, would be almost hopeless, except after great delay or an amount of personal inconvenience 'which few would encounter; and it is almost ludicrous to see the state of despair and confusion into 'which the cmp?oy6s of Mr. Staples are thrown in their attempts to cope with the demands upon their attention. This is a state of things unworthy the administrative talent of a great cdef de czdrine, like Mr. Staples, whose monopoly in the sale of refreshments if it bring him a considerable amount of emolument, as it ought, involves also a corresponding degree of public responsibility. The Crystal Palace Company zra like-wise interested in this matter. The managing directore have wisely acted upon the conviction all along that, to give the grand enterprise in which they are engag.ed a chance of ultimate and complete suCceSs, they must aim at a high standard of perfection and attraction in all its various departments; and in developing the various features of the scheme they appear to have kept this principle steadily in view. At present their relation to Mr. Staplee is simply that of landlord and tenant; but it ought to have a wider significance. Why should not the refresh. ment department pecr se be made an additional source of attraction, and, as, far as Mr. Staples is concerned, Ione of immeasurably greater profit? 1 7hy, in a word, might it not become the most celebrated rrstazirant in Europe ? If the present contractor appreciated the advantages of his position, he might in time render the name of Staples as famous as those of Verey and Philippe, who have eamed the character they bear amid opportunities and circamstances vastly inferior to his. He should lnderstand thatithere is a large and increasing class to whom dining is not simply a necessity but an art, and whose ab'Llity to pay is equal to their capacity to appreciate. For such persons, to whom the everlasting cold meats and lobster salads he dispenses among his ordinary customers can have but small attractions, there is at present veryindifferent provision at the Qrystal Palace, and if thoy dime there at all it is as a matter of accident or necessity, rather than of choice. The visitors to the Palace have also some reason to complain of the company's band, which, as organized and conducted by If. Manns, a gentleman of undeniable talent in his profession and vast energy, has attained a high degree of efficiency; but it shows no little aversion to play. The band, which consists of nearly 50 performers, all of whom are liberally remunerated, plays ordinarily twice a-day only. Surely the public and the company have a right to expect a little more for their money than this small modicum of music, the quality of which they appreciate so highly.
MADAME JENNY LrND GOLDSCHMfIDTS CONCERTS. The second of the three " farewell' concerts took place last night. The oratorio of the Crationwas performed, and a more densely packed audience has rarely been assembled in Exeter-hall. Of Madamie Goldschmidt's singing in this work we have spoken more than once, and from critical point of view there is nothmg to add to what we have already said. That her execution of the music of Gabriel and Eve should be even more than usally admirable on the present occasion was not surprising. It was the last time of her attempting it in England, and she was, no doubt, determined to leave a deep impression. Finer oratorio singing wasnever heard. From "The marveleous worK'-where her magnificent voice sounded like a trumpet above the harmony of the choras-to the duet, " Graceful consort"-in which Haydn, so far as in him lay, and the sentiment of the words would admit, has attained the poetry of expression-the performance of Madame Goldschmidt was faultless. Byherevidententhusiasm, moreover, she incited all her companions to do their best- lik-e Sir John Falstaff, who was not only witty himself, but "the cause of wit in others." This carnest and conscientious exercise of her vocation was always a characteristic trait in Mradame Goldschmidt ;* and to it she stands in. debted in no small measure for an artistic 'success that counts few paraUels. Tie great "displays" last night, apart from the general excellence of the performarce, were 1With verdure clad," sung with pure and exquisite simplicity, and " On inighty pens"-in*hiclielaborste piece of florid music the art of vocalization was carried to the highest point of perfection. Both airs were enthasiastically applauded, and the first redemanded; but Aradame Goldschmidt-who has a wholesome objection to the system of " encores," and especiaBy in, sacred oratorios-deblined to accept the compliment. The other singers were Messrs. Lockey and Weiss, who both honourably distinguished themselves. Mr. E. J. Hopkins (of the Temple) was organist, and Mr. Benedict conductor. The chorns and orchestra were highly eficient. The next concerti-a miscelneous perEormance-takel place on Monday, and this will be the last publio appearance of Jenny Lind in England.
FOREIGN ILTELLIGENCE. FRANCl7 (A. rtion of the following appeared in our second edi. iou o yeaterday :-1 (F-Ro OUR OWN CORRFRVPAwnw) % PARIS, TUESDAY, Jusx 24, 6 r.M. I sent you some days since a letter addressed by Mr. Smith O'Brien to lL Pillias, deputy for the University of Athens, on the actual state of Greece, from wlich it appeared that that country was in a state of profound tranquillity, and that what has been said of the acts of brigandage is little more than calumny. Mr. Smith O'Brien, who had made a tour in some parts of continental Greece, no doubt reported truly his own impreswians de voyage; but I fear that, however vigilant ho may have considered hiimnself, he met at Athens persons quite as creveWs as himself. I translate fronm the original Greek a confidential circular from M. Bulgaris, Minister of the Interior, to the Prefects and other functionaries of the Greek districts which throws some light on the subiect:- "' lressieurs,-Mr. Smith O'Brien, a distinguished British subject, intends visiting every part of the provinces of the departments of Attica, Bceotia, Phthotide (Locris), and Thocis. This gentleman deserves all possible respect on account of his phil-hellenism, and therefore I have no doubt thzt while travelling in your province he will meet with a. good reception and every sort of facility, not only onI your ow, part, but also on that of all the mayors in yourjurisdiction. As it is necessary that his journey snould be made in all security, and as he declines accepting any escort, take good care-and wdllwout his knozciny absolsutly angthring about it-that all the suspected spots in your province through which he is to pass be occupied by the military, ;rn order to prevent ally disastrous accident. The contents of the present circular are recommended to your especial a tention. " D. BULGARIS, Minister of the Interior. "Athens, May L" The following is the circuilar in the original Greek:- " Ktlpcem ! C; 'O Alpzog '09pLv ierita,ueog LriAooc 'AyyXog rporl19!raL va ..eptiXOp oXa ril5 ir.;apXiac ri7v v'oju6v ArrWz5. tcai 13osri7ag, Kai (I'967r.160, aci Clorzaog fEpil. 'O ivt)p ouroc Eevat Jlvtog roXX,6v ;rpVTOLXa£rWV eaa ov o,' 2r?Xvl 0tXEXXev'wjs6v 7ov- O£v tioX.Xrw iroj rvwg irc rspLEpuptXLevoC ri)v u' pisdg i£rapXiav OiXAE rvrXe triair rEp,r0 ucr n edoxiac 5 cp rca' .6oilropiav rov °Xt jpoc' rap uIu iXAA Kai rapri roig blptipXecc rTil bor7 r)v alEbGvriv Out tirapXiag. 'E¢retd ?i elrm (impt' dvaymqa vt' vaaa\taOj Kat ? LoLeropia .airoi, Kai obrog i£V aiXEtac xar' oiro£va .-p6rov va vvvo&tv0 uro arpart-origijg o3vv4pwE(c, eivat ivaym;i v'tt OpovriatrlrE, ev -X1iDEC ciyzoia aibroiD, vi crpogaraXaj&avwv'raL r7 rvxov i..m;ivdvva p4pc t'lc irapPXat, ca i riv ilOEXe acagil, Oai' vi' irpoXi;100 oi;rw srav !vFeXduE7ov lirfvevralov. To crep£efePX£vol' si 7rapobalor, ouvtr,vi- Et rijv i&aLripav 1rpoacoXiiv oac. "A6ain, ro)v 19 'ArptXiov 1S56. CC 0 r i rav 'Erwreprlv -..r oepyb "A. BOrArAPll." It would appear, then, that lMr. Smitlh O'Brien, -who thought he was travelling without escort of any kind, was actually guarded better than ever man -was guarded before-without, of course, knowing anything about it. The fact diminishes considerably the value of the sort of certificate of good conduct which that gentleman has accorded. The following is an extract from a private letter, dated Athens, June 14:- " Thi city is still in a state of panic. Nsnrerous bodies of troops patrol every night up to the very gates of the city. The two prisoners taken off by the brigands have been liberated after having paid their ransom. It is believed that this band is now in the mountain of Parnassus, close to Athens. According to advices fronm Atalantis, Livadia, and T'ebes, aU these parts are equally infested by these bands, which are daily augmented by new recruits. Three inhabitants of 3lolo have already had recourse to th3t lucrative profession, and two shepherds of Thebes have also enrolled themselves in their ranks. The means at the disposal of the Government appear insufficient, and if during the summer the present incapable men remain in office, and if we have not men capable and more energetic, one-half of the population of continental Greece will becorae brigands. We hope much from the intervention of the alliee, and Admiral Bouet de Wuillaumez has inspected .several large edifices at Athens in which he intends lodging his soldiers. Advices from the province of Elis mention that the currant crop has been saved this year from the disease which has been so fatal to them for the last three years, owing to the employment of sulphur. It is thought that the yield will not be less than 40,000,000b. weight. The current price is 1.5. per l,OOOlb. of grapes that are the produce of vines to which sulphur has been applied; and those that have not beea saved by sulphur vill cost 5!. more." Allow me to say a few words on the question of the succession to the throne of Greece, which it appears is likely to be attended with some trouble hereafter. It is believed that Prince Adalbert (in imitation of his brother Luitpold), when contracting marriage with a Spanish Princess, has uindertaken the obligation t'hat tho issue of that marriagre shaU be baptized accordin - to the rites of the Roman Catholic church. Nciv it is known that, pursuant to the family compact of the house of Bavaria, Prince Adalbert is the person -who, in virtLe of the renunciation of Prince Luitpold, for himself and for his children, is designatedas thesuccessor of King Otho; and, also,that inviutucof thelellenic Constitution, sanctionedby the protocol signed inLoldon, in I852, by the representatives of France, England, Russia, Greece, and Bavaria, the future Sovereign of Greece must profess the Greel religion as professed by the Greek people. The objection to have the issue of his malriage with the Infanta of Spain baptized in the Roman Catholic religion would lead one to suppose, not merely that he intends bringging them up in that faith, but that he has no intention of abiding by the obligation imposed on himself. If such be the case, and as women, with their descendants, are excluded from the succession, the ri ghts of the house of Bavaria to the throne of Greece wiill become legally extinct after King C:tho. The case of such extinction has been provided fcr by the Constitution of 1843. In virtue of that instrument it is the King who, in such an emergency, and in concert with the Senate and Chamiber of Deputies, convoked ad hocir one single body, designates his successor. Now, as from all ,- e have witnessed for years past, but particularly for the last three years, there can be no doubt, 7cwever odd it nr.ay sound, that the King is the Qu:etn, and that the Queen, who has succeeded in fom ming a party which acquires strength every day, owirg to the forbearance of the twoWestern Powiers, has n ever ceased her exertions to secure the throne of Greece for her own brother, the nation would, as a matter of course, be overlooked in the affair, as tl:e ration has no will of its own iunder a corrupt and oppressive regiie, which has perverted all its institutions, almost annihilated every electoral riglht, and absorbed everything for its ovwn personal advantage. Ifthe Western Powers allow mattersto go on in the same course, Greece is consequently exposed to fallunderthe domination of apettyPrince who is the mere vassal of Russia; and, in point of fact, Greece would become a Russian province. This is an eventuality which it is absolutely necessary to guard against-and the sooner the better. At all events, the question of succession is, notwithstanding its importance, and owving to Bavaria, at this moment ina state of uncertaintyr as prejudical to the future of a kingdom created by the Three Powers as to the interest of Europe at large. It -would be well to ascertain whether the Bavarian Psince has, as is believed, contracted the obligation in question by his marriage with an Infanta of Spain. After his sojourn at Plombieres the Emperor, it is said, will visit Metz, and will then set out on a "sentimental journey" to the chateau of Arenemberg, on the Rhine, where he was brought up. Something is whispered of an interview with the Emperor of Austria, somewhere near the Lake of Constance. It is said that a letter has beenreceived by a distinguished member of the Fusionist party in Paris from one of the Princes of the Orleans family, commenting in strong terms on the resistance offered by the Count de Paris to the " family pact' known as the Fusion. The idea of a lad of 1T or 1S preteading to go against his uncle is said to be dwelt upon with some asperity. The matter is much ken of in one or two political circles here. MIr. Bowyer, who has addressed you on the banquet at the Hotel de Vile, has given, to the inci- dent of the Cardinals a sense which my letter by no means conveyed. That the Cardinals were invited to the banquet is evident from their being present at it, and that the mistake about the places at the table was involuntary on the part of the Prefect I lave already stated. It arose, as I said on 3 onday, from some forgetfulness about the ticlkets on which the names of the guests are usually inscribed. There was no ;c intention,l afront" on the part of the ea; tertainer, but only accident or forgetfulness. It isnot exactly the duty of the Prefect to arrange with his own hands the chairs, plates, or tickets for his guests; those things are left to others, and even Cardinals have not always an inmmuniity from errors of the kind. As for a "g ross slighlt by the Emperor on all his Cardinals," r. Boiyer forgets that it was not IHis Majesty who gave the banquet in question, but the City of Paris, represented by the Prefect of the Seine; and that the Emperor was himself nierely a guest-the most distinguished, no doubt, but still a guiest. I regret not to have been more pathetic in my allusion to this affair, but realy the incident was not of a very calamitous kind. Moreover, any pain it might have occasioned was much alleviated by the conviction that their Eminiences suffered but little by the delay, and that they made up for lost time. A postal convention betwveen France and Spain has been signed this day at the French Foreignoffice by the Minlister for Foreign Affairs and the Spanish Ambassador. The Emperor, accompanied by the Grand Diuke of Baden, came to Paris yesterday morning, and breakfasted at the Tuileries. His MIajesty afterwards went to visit the works which are now being executed at thePalace of theElysce, while theGrand Duke, accompanied by MK. Nieuwerkerke, Director of the Beaux Arts, visited the galleries of pictures and sculpture at the LIouvre. Cardinal Patrizi received a visit on Saturday afternoon from Queen Christina, after which, accompanied by the prelates of his suite, he went in two Court carriages to the Rue du Bac to visit the Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent do Paul, who have several establishments inthe Pontifical States. His| Eminence afterwards went to the Hospital for Incur- I ableWomenin the Rue de Sevres,whichestablishment he visited in every part, and gave his benediction to the sufferers. The Cardinal afterwards went to the CIhild's Hospital in the same street, and expressed himself much g,ratified wvith sill the arrangements. On Sunday the Legate wvent wvith his suite to St. Denis, and visited the establishment of the Leg,ion of Honour and the Cathedral. All these visits were Tnade without any pomp, as the Cardinal would not allow any notice to be g,iven of his intentions, in order that there should be no formal reception. I The Cardinal Legate, wsith a suite of several carriages and four, went to the Hotel des Invalides yesterday morning, where, he was received by the Governor and his Stafi and accompanied by them over the establishment. M. de Olozaga, the Spanish Ambassador, gave a diplomatic dinner on Saturday, at which were present, among others, the Ministers of Foreign Affairs, Justice, State, War, and Commerce, MI. Baroche, Marshals Magnan and Canrobert, M. Barthe, President of the Court of Accounts, the Prefect of the 8eine, General Bougenel, Chevalier d'Honneur to Princess Mathilde, Count de LesseDs, the Prussian, Sardinian, and Saxon Ministers, M. Benedetti, Director of Foreign Affairs, and M. Olliv0s, Spanish Minister at Berlin. A letter of the 13th, fronm Constantinople, saysthat the news received at the Porte from nearly all points of the empire is very serious; that the Government is doing its best to diminish its importance, but that private and trustworthy letters are of so precise a kind that no doubt remains of their correctness. "According to this correspondence," says the writer of the letter,- ." Nearly the whole of Arabia is in revolt. The new Sheriff, who left for Mecza about two months since, was in. duced to enter the holy city, and he is at this moment a prisoner there. He is blockaded with his escort, and I amn assured that the deposition of the Sultan, Abdul Idedjid, bad been put forward by the revolted. No measure has b-een as yet adopted by tle Government. SaidPasha, Vice. roy of Egypt, comprehends the gravity of this state of things. He has sent to Redschid Pasha a pressing invitatioii to proceed to Cairo. Redschid asked permission of the Sultan, and is expected to set out in thecourse of the next week. " Great excdtement prevails in Syria. A considerable part of Asia Minor occasions much disquietude; at Cessarea disorders are apprehended, and the whole of the garrison has been under arms. "The news from Turkey in Europe is not more encouraging. A revolt of a very serious charracter is be. lieved to be imminent in Bulgaria ; and Macedonia, Thessaly, and E pirns are far from being tranquil. I alluded in my last letter to the murder of the son of our Consular agent at Tenedos; we are still in want of the particulars of this sad affair. The Tunisian officer who so brutaUyassassi. nated an Ionian seanman has not yet been arrested. The search made by the police has been in vain. *" The state of the public mind at Constantinople is not more calm. A great partof the Mussulman population are excited against the Christians. In the remote quarters of Stamboul the children fling stones at those who wear hats. For four or five years past such things have not occurred ; I allude to them to give you an idea of the state of the public mind. " The rumour circulated yesterday at Galata of the discovery of a vast conspiracy. I was anxious to obtain information in a good quarter, and I am assured that there was no truth in it. But one fact, which has all the appearance of truth, is the project attributed to the Sultan to displav the standard of the Prophet, which has not been seen since the revolt of the Janissaries, and to make the people swear before it that they will faithfully observe the last HattiHumayoun." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 5c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-l alf per Cents. at 92f. 25c.; and the NYew Loan at 71f. 25c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,370f.; Great Northern, 1,130f.; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares, SOf.; Paris and Lyons, 1,48:f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,695f. ; Western of France, 935f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 757f. 60c.; Great Central of France, 651f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 790f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,570f.; Austrian Railways, 897f. 50c. Cours Audhentiquc.-PAnrS, June 24.-Cash Prices.- Fcur-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbureable for 10 years), 92f. 5c. 92f. 1)2f. 25c. 92f., Three per Cents., 71f. 71f. 5c. lOc. 1f.; ditto secondi Lsan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. lOa ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. lOc.; flank of irance, 4,050f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 7OOf. ex. div. ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 445f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents, 80f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f., Credit Mlobilier, 1,565f. 1,570f. ; Discount Bank, 930f. Piedmontese Three per Cents., 58; Austrian Fivo per Cents., 89; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97,; Rente de Naples (Rothschill's), 113; lomans, 84 84 A- Spanish Three per Cents., 46; ditto Interior Debt, 41. kxchange on London, at sight, paper, 2Sf. 32Ac.; money, 20f. 30c. three months, money, 25f. AUSTREA. (mroir ouR7 owx conRnRBsroi,siLNT.) VIENNA, JMir 21. A serious nisunderstanding has arisen between Austria and Pamia, and information, acquired at an Austrian source, enables me to give some account of the circumstances which led to it. The Duchess Louisa of Parma never had any great affection for the Austrian Government, because it was always wafavourable to the claim of the elder branch of the house of Bourbon to the throne of France; but since the conclusion of the treaty of April 15 she has openly expressed her contempt for a Power which could resolve to enter into an intimate alliance " with such a Court as that of France." The language used by the Duchess was soon known to the Austrians in the Duchy, and they communicated what they had heard to their friends in this city. The news speedily found its way to Court, where it of courseproduced no agreeable impression. My informant, who expressed great indignation at the behaviour Of the Duchess, said she was so xcited that she exclaimed " she would rather see her territories exposed to the attacks of the revolutionary party than be longer obliged to Austria for protection." It is evident to me that the Austrians have been requested by the Regent of Parma to withdraw from her territories as soon as convenient, and you may therefore soon expect to hear from one or other of your Italian correspondenta that the Imperial troops are falling back on Piacenza, where they have a right of garrison. The Aiistrians profess not to entertain any fear of an outbreak in Italy,. but we learn that Marshal Radetzky and his generals have made the necessary preparations for effectualy maintaining the public peace in all those parts of the Italian peninsula which are occupied by the Imperial troops. Tlhe question of the Danubian Principalities still greatly occupies this Government, and the true reason why Austria is so averse to the iuion of Moldavia and Wallachia is to be found in the following sentence, which is taken from the last of a series of Governmental articles that have recently been forwarded from this city to the Augjsburg Gazette - " The world does not need the formation of a second and modem Sardinia between the Danube, the Pruth, and the Carpathians." The Western (Vienna-Salzburg) Railroad shares, which were to have been issued on Monday last, make their appearance on the 23d inst, The cora- pany has pledged itself to Government to complete the line from ViennatoLinz withintwoyeaTs. The Credit Bank has announced its intention to render all possible assistance to trade and commerce, but it I has wisely resolved to advance money to trades' unions, in which the different members are security for each other, and not to individuals. Government has given permission to a Transylvanian Company " to trace " a line of railroad from Grosswardein in Hungary, by way of Mifilenbach and Hermannatadt, to Kronstadt. During the last 10 years the so-called " regulation" of the Theiss, which is the Saone of Austria has been going on, and when it is completed the course of the river will be no less than 61 German miles (300 English) shorter than it is at present. The fortiE fications at Przemysl, on the San, in Gallicia, are complete. The guns which are to announce the confinement of the Empre3s have been drawn on to the ramparts. 101 shots will announce the birth of a pnnce, and 21 the birth of a princess. PRUSSIA. (FRrOM OUa OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BERIIN, Juilx 23. The King returned to Potsdam from Stuttgard on Saturday evening ; the Minister-President had ,already returned to Berlin in the forenoon of the same day. As politicians at a distance will not fail to perceive some important objects aimed at in this visit of the King of Prussia, accompanied by his :Prime MIinister, and his being met on. the road by ,the King and Queen of Bavaria with their Prime M,Iinister, I may as well mention all that those on the spot can find out connected with it. Its object vwas to return the visit that the King of Wurtemberg had volunteered last autumnwhenthe King was at Coblentz, as the first step towards a reconciliation 'between the two crowned heads, anid had no further political importance; the M1inister-President 3c'companied his Royal master thither, having been specially invited to do so last autumn by the King of Wurtemberg, on occasion of their both travelling together from Coblentz to Mayence, after leaving the King at the former place. The reception of the King at Augsburg by the King and Queen of Ravaria was a 'mere friendly act of neighbourly' etiquette to a Sovereign passing within a few hours' drive of the Bavarian capital; and the presence of Herr von der Pfordten on the occasion sto be accounted for, I imagine, n the sameway as his participation in a great many other matters, where he iS neither wanted nor useful,'viz., by an irresistible desire on his part to be. everywhere that anything is going on. : The Archduke Maximilian.of Austrialeft hero this norrng for Dresden. H -is Imperial Highness hadthe ,oratification of seeing one very pleasing military festival at PotsdnontheSundaymorning, butbeyond that, and the conversation. of hs aunt, the Queen, he appears to have had little to enliven his stay. The. only gleanings that have as yet been made of his topics of conversation consist of. certain feeble attempts at showing the necessity of Prussia's joining with Austria in carrying out certain alterations contemplated by Austria in the organization of the High German Confederation, which reminds one of the wolf requesting the stork to remove some obstacles in his throat that stood il the way of his deglutition. It is now settled. definitively that Prince FRiedrich Wilhelm of Prussia shall proceed to Moscow in August, to represent his uncle the King of Prussia at the coronation of his cousin the Emperor of Russia; this choice seems to have been made in conformity with the precedent at the last coronation in Russia, at which Prussia was represented by the then Crown Prince, the present King, who was his brother-in-law, of about the same age, and, to a certain extent, a youthftul friend of the Emperor. The selection of the Prince of Prussia for this office, which had been looked on as certain, had never received the King's definitive sanction. The German press is sinking fast into that state so common to it in the sammer time, in which the trulth of the old proverb, "Necessity is the mother of invention," exhibits itself in its full force. In the absence of any actual topics of interest, fiction sup-; plies the columns of the papers with material more I attractive than mere m ttters of fact, and whie it amuses the well-informed in its own country tends to lead the foreign reader widely astray. Two amusing instances of this compulsory invention are the following. The Emperor of Russia, when lately staying at Potsdam, agreed with his Royal uncle that they would this year hold a combined camp at Kalisch, as their fathers had done before them, on which occasion all the Prussian regiments bearing the names of the Em peror or any of the Imperial Princes are to be united with the Russiah garrison of Poland in on grand military mass. This r6witiot of the elii of the two armies is to be enlivened by the preseuce and talents of companies of actors, and opera singers, and ballet dancers, so that notbing shall be wanting to the enjoyment of the warriors partaking in this military spectacle. The other is that the Emperor of Russia has deliberately consulted this Government as to whether it has anything to object to Russia's entering into a treaty of close alliance with the United States, the nature of the treaty andc its object being left to the imagination of the reader. As may be sipposed, the Prussian Cabinet has had no objection, and it would have made no difference to theRussian Government if it had,vwhich is not in the habit of regulating its measures by the wishes of its neighbours. Moreover, as the Russiani Govenmment had already, at the commencement of the war, concluded a treaty of neutralitywith the Unitedj StRtes with special reference to the treatment of neutral vessels, the object of any fresh treaty is not easily divined. Advices from Copenhagen of the 19th mention that a Prussian flotilla, consisting of a sailingfrigate, a steam-corvette, a sailing-corvette, and a schooner, had passed through the Sound outwards on that day. The Thetis and the Frauenlob are boundi to the La Plata States, the harbours of which have' lately been opened to the flags of all nations; tha steam-corvette Danzig, bearing the flag of the Prince Admiral, Prince Adalbert, together with the Amazon corvette, will repair to Madeira; thence the Danzig will proceed to the Mediterranean, and, after landing the Admiral in Corfu, will go and take up her station off the mouth of the Danube in the Black Sea, in conformity with the provisions of the late treaty of peace. The fact of an American vessel, the Sarah Bryant, having passed the Sound on the17th inst., after the expiration of the Treaty of the United States with Denmark, and of the captain having paidthe Sound dues under protest, has greatly disappointed a great many wild imaginations here, who find pleasure in figuring the Americans to themselves as particularly ahixious to have an opportunity of battering down the Danish fortress of Konigsberg, which commands the Soind. Advices from Copenhagen mention that the United States have consented to prolong their treaty with Denmark, whiclh expired April 26 of this year, and to whiclh a term of two months had been added to give Denmark time to arrange the matter, for the term of a year from April 26, during which time American vessels shall pay the dues under protest, and without prejudice to the rights of the question, Denmuark undertaking on her part that the question shall be definitively settled with all parties interested within thatperiod. Still more recent information mentions that the negotiations in the D:anish capital writh reference to the settlement of the Sound dues question have just been resumed with better appearance of a successful ternmination; it is represented that the United States are now willing not only to pay the lighting dues, &c., as heretofore, but alo to agree upon a sum to be paid duwn once for all as an indemnity to Denmark -for the cessation of the Sound dues proper. These latter the United States' Government had of late refused to recognize or redeem in any way. The two concessions,-viz., the prolongatioa of the treaty, and the willingness to pay a sum as an indemnity for the Sounddues,-are ascribed to the bxis offices of Russian influence; but I am not prepared to say that this or the' other statements can be received with implicit credence. PORTUGAL. (FR03o OUR OwN CORESrPONDMW.) SOUTHAMPTON, Juxa 23. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Captain Christian, with the Peninsular mails, we receive the following letter from our Iisbon correspondent:I -No change haa taken place here in political affaidr during the four days which have elapsed since my lsWt letter. "The Ministry still remains incomplete, and opinions are divided as to the probability of the Count de Lavradio comnig over from London, the general impressionbeing that he wll be unwilling to enter the Cabinet here.' "!rTh remains of theo 1rquisi of Pombal. the Miniter of Ki}g Jos6 the First, who rebuilt Lisbon ater the great carthquake, have at- last been brought back from Porbal and deposited in the family vault, as directed by bis *ilL It is principally to his grandson, the D:ake of £aIdinha, that this tardy compliance with his wishes is due, and if the great Pombal was rudely expelled froi the capi. tal he had done so much for, his remains were now greatly hor(ouro upontheir return. The King was present at the maiss celebrated at the Cathedral. Troops lined the street, through whicathe processionpaSsed,attendedbyTthe)fnis.i ters, nobility, and a great concourse of the inhabitants. HIad P'ortugal found ; second Pombal for the present eentu±y the .country w ould have been in a very different state, at it is, a traveller would suppose there nlever had lbeen any other I3inister in Portugal than Pombal, since all t4e aorks or roads which strike him as grand or creditable are attrilbuted to that great man."
TURKEY. MTEo followig appeared in ovar seond edition of yei. tery :-] [FROM 01 OrW7C furupwnh., 1 - ~ : . l5CONSTANTINOPLE, Juyi 16. In the life of nations as well as in that of indiviTuals there are moments in which their whole future destiny is decided... To seize such a moment is life and prosperity, to lose it is misery and death. Turkey has arrived at this turning point of her existence. Before' the war there was only a vague presentuiment of-this approaching crisis, audas every one felt that if it came it would shake East andWlest, all questions which teinded to define more clearly the position, and consequently to precipitate the crisis, were, as if by'a silent understanding of all parties, kept in the backgroumd. The war has put an end to this compromise by proving beyond doubt the utter worthlessness of the existing system of government and administration, by giving to the former vague desires of the. non-Mahomedan population' a more definite form, and by removing the pressure which impeded and perverted every gradual change for the better.. Thus, what formerly seemed only desirable has become now a political necessity-a condition of life. The question to be' solved is nothing less than the re-formation of the empire on a new basis. Founded on conquest, its prir.cipIe was hitherto material force. All the so-called reforms of which Turkey can boast have not changed this plinciple, but only weakened it, and thus produced that lamentable state which Europe witnessed during the late war. Now, if ever, is the time to establish a new order of things, based on the principle of justice, and -to unite by the bond of a common interest the elements which will no longer yield to force. Heavy is therefore the responsibility of those who are at this moment at the head of affairs, for with their namies will.be coupled the future prosperity or ruin of their coiuntry. *'If we look at - the present we cannot but have serious apprehensions for the future. A Sovereign good by nature, but weak and irresolute, conse'quently under'the influence of his eadtourage-a Court more dissipated and corrupt than that under the Regency, and an object of scandal and contempt to.the population-a Ministry basing its power on this corruption, disunited, unprincipled, and ready to-sacrifice everything to the momentary possession of power and - its benefits-an Administration prov.erbial for its, venality and oppression-the; dsris of an army with a broken-down oiganizationan''exihausted treasury-all' classes of the populationdissatisfied,-this is the raterial which exists at -this- critical moment. - -- ' No wonder- that-a general feeling of uneasiness pifev.aits all over. the country, and every one looks anxiously for the prisis- which can no longer be avoided. The excesses -which occur in the provinces as ivell as in the - capital, although isolated cases, prove the -unsettIed'state of the country. The rude and ignorant' way in which the prejudices of the rji'ig cla'ss have been touched has revived the splrit of religious animosity which had nearly vanished,- without, on the other hand, satisfying those for wvhose benefit the blunder is said to hiave -been committed. Arabia is in open revolt ag,ainst the authority of the Scheriff of Mecca, newly appointed by the Govermnent, who is blockaded in hi3 residence. . In Syria the fermentation still continues, and may from one moment to another lead to aii-aetWalVnntbreak. Tn Rnilgaria arms and ammanaition were found Ui several villages, together with proclamations exciting the Bulgarians to rise, as the moment was 'favourable ' to . acquire, under the countenance of the allies, an independent internal ad3hinistkation, . lie - Servia and Wallachia. - InBosnia -the son of Kursehid Pasha is as busy asever. Thus, wherever oine looks,nothing is seen but confusion and difficulties, which increase every day. That things cannot go on this, way without leading to anarchy everybody is convinced, except -the Ministry vyhich has brought abo6ut this deplorabvle, state 'of thinlgs during the absence of its chief, and their-.' subordinatesy who- share in the benefits of office. - - Inthis crisis the popular voice points to Redschid Pasha as the only man- capable of extricating the. empire oult 'of the - chaos into which it has been thrown by theiecklessness of' the present Adciinistratibn. The- -Sultan hibiself seems to share this opinion. - Several months ago; as I -wrote, he made repeated proposals -to Redschid Pasha, appealing to his feelings of patriotism and loyalty. Redschid Paohia's answer was -that he could not accept office ul-ess the Sultan 'agteed to the conditions without wlhichl he felt himself unable to do any good, his.. opinion- ..being that without a thorough challnge of system' no change in persons could' lead 'to any' result. The purport of these conditions is, that all interference of the Court in matters of go'verinment, or in the appointmeit of officials, shall cease; that the expenses of s-the civil list shall be 'regulated and strictly adhered.to; that all the officials accommodated with smecures in the different branches of the Government shall be removed; that a commission shall investigate -the whole organization of administration, and reduce the number of officials, leaving only. tilose who are required,-in a -word, that the Sultan 'shall return to the former constitutional ways, wlich have been abandoned for the last few years. UInfortunately the S-ultan is too much under the influence of those who surround him, and who see their destruction in the measures proposed; this is why he has not 'yet ventured to adopt these conditions. He' is: hesitating and changing every day. On one hand he is fully impressed with the necessity of renedying the existing evils, and of pu e gthe fate of-Turk-ey, at this critical moment, in the hands of the man who has been his faithful adinser in other scarcelyless critical epochs, and, on the: other hand, -he feels himuself inable to' emancipate himself from the bondage of habit. He tries to satisfy both these desires by endeavour-- ing to induce Redschid Pasha to accept office withoutt these. conditions. Only a few days ago another even stronger attempt of this kind was made. The Sultan sent his daughter, married .to Redschid Pasha's son, his first secretary, and his first chamberlain, entreating and pressing Redschid Pasha to accept office. The latter, who is determined not to do so without having his condi- tioiis guLaranteed, seeing -that there was no other way' of escaping, asked for permission to 'go to Egypt, where he had -been invited by Said Pasha. 3iD be present at the festival which the latter intends to give.on.the occasion of the circumcision of his son. The Mtinistry, afraid that -the absence of Redschid' Pasha might at last determine the Sultan to accept his conditions, spread 'the report that Redschid Pasha, disgusted w;itlh the state of things here, and despairing of the Sultan, went to Egypt to get up- a klind -of-- " Fronde." This report, coning to -the. -ears of the Sultan, induced' him to refuse the permission. Then Redschid PIaha wrote a letter to the Sultan askdng for the permission in measured but firni language, and it was no longor refused. le' embarks to-day on board 3 steamer whicb.'Said Pasha has sent for him and the members of his own family. 'He will remain there, ab'out~three weeks;-"''---- -- . The 'dephrtare of- Redschid Pasha was an ova-' iion. -I told' you in : my last how, on- the occasion of the Bairam, everybody thronged to- his -honse. ' As' soon as the news of his de-' parture became known not only. officials of every elass, among them several members of the Ministry, but likewise 'theinhabitants of the neighbourlhood, with that freedom which exists here in the intercourse of the highest with the lowest, came to see and entreat, him. not to go, as he was their only, hopse at t '.iAoment. ' It was a striking instance of the- effect of moralV ascendancy. Even the men who- Yhave not themselves thee moral 'courage to ~acrifics any of the sweets of life 'to a conviction could not help paying' this tribute to the man who could resist their allurements. "' ,- * -Thus 'te' Ministry' is, 'for thIe moment M lem,;, freed from the Damocles' sword which lias bean hanging over their heads for the last few days, although itis byno means certain that the Sultan will not, change his mind at last. I With the return of the Russian Chancellerie seve- ral known Russian agents have lik-ewise made their appearance. The curious thing is, that.not one of them came from Russia, but from Bosnia, Albania, Bulgaria, andMacedon a, where, it seems, they have been staying. It excites burprise here that fho iEmperor Alexcanderhas not yet thought it worth his while to send the notification of his accession to the throne, which has been sent by this time to all the other Powers. The Persian letters speak of nothing but Herat. You know that a large Persian force entered the Herat territory some time ago in understanding with Mirza Youssuf Ehan. Letters lately received from Teheran bring the news that a messenger had arrived from the army with the intelligence that Herat was in the hands of the Persians by capitalation. This news, which was considered as official at Teheran, is now again contradictedL The messenger who brought the news was publicly beaten for having brought such false news, but this may be al deceit, for j have seen letters from the best sources confirming the fall of Herat. Oae of them contains a curious answer of the Sadr' Azamin resped to the capture. He was asked [how he would combine his expedition to Herat with lhis endeavours to settle the difference with the English, with whom the Persian Government had anl underatanding not to. take pmsession of Herat. The Sadk' Azam is said to have replied, that Herat could be used as a peace offering to the English. The Ottoman Bank a few days ago publshed its circular as a discount bank. The unsettled state of the Ministry has thrown for the moment all projeets of this kind, as well as railways, &c., into the background. Mr. Layard is still here. Lord Gough and General Barnard have arrived from the Crimea on their way home. Dr. M'Guify, the physician of the Embassy, died yesterdaymorning, after a fewdays illness. He had been resident-here for 40 years, and is universally regretted.
WTBST COXAST OF AFRICA. rTho following appeared in our second editlon of yesterday :-1 (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHL) PLYMOIUTH, WEDNESDAY MOuRIKG. The African Steam Navi,,ation Company's mail packet Ethiope, Captain W. H. Barnwell, arrived last night from the West Coast of Africa. Her dates are, homewards-Fernando Po, May 3d; Cameroons, 4th; Old Calabar, 6th; Bonny, 8th; Lagos, 12th; Acera, 14th; Cape Coast, 15th; Liberia, 21st; Sierra Leone, 26th ; Bathurst, 31st; Goree, June 3d; Teneriffe, 1lth; and Madeira, 15th. She brings 2,360 ounces of goldcust and 354 casks of palm oil, &c.. aAmong her passengers re the Hon. P. H. Roe, Acoting Chief Justice at Cape Coast; and Mr. Carr, Chief Justice at Sierra Leone. Her Majesty's brig Childers sailed from Lagos on the-lOth of May. The Scourge. and. Electra were at Cape Coast Castle on the 15th of May. The PI,ilomel was to leave Sierra Leone for EnLglanid on the 25th of MIay, the Hecate for Spithead on the 28th. The mail packet Gambia had left Liberia for the Leeward coast. The country round Bonny is quiet. Disputes continue between the King and the merchants at .agos, where the prices for palm oil range high. The import duty has been reduced at Accra, and. the poll-tax; is not yet levied. Trade had. improved. at Cape Coast Castle and at Liberia.
AGRICULTUB r x STATISTICS.-We very muchl 1egret that the first victim in the " Slaughter of tthe Innocents," which always begis about this period of the session in the Xouse of Commons, should have been the Agricultural Statistics Bill, withdrawn by Lord Palmerston, on Eridav night. This biU was brought down from the 0ords, haviJg been framed in pursuance of an elaborate 'report of a comnmiittee of their lo.ldships' Xonse, which ws- presented last ssssion as the result of avery careful and protraceted iquiry. The country gentlemen, or quarter-sessions' party, hovever, inthe Commons, are strenuously opposed to any compulsory measure for the collection of accurate information upon theagriculture of'the conntry, and as the farmers. generally decline to give such information voluntarily, we fear that the time is distant when we shall be able to arrive at something like a correct estimate of our national wealth in flocks, herds, and grain. We must stiUll depend upon the 3far1k-anc Express, the corn averages, and the weekly reports froim the great agricultural markets for all our knowledge upon the food-producing power of this country. And yet surely this is not one of the cases where ignomanceis bliss, and where wiisdom would conseq,uently be foUly. Even the farmer endeavours to obtain some idea of the amount of stock and grain in thejcountry, in order that he may L-now w-hat price he should demand for his oxen and hisvHheat, for his sheep and his oats. e has some oraole in which .he confides-some blind guide vrho frequently leads him into the ditch; but as soon as a plan is offered which wouldfnrnishhim withthe most positive and accurate information the 'nature of the sabject will allow, he turns up 'his nose anid wil have none of it. He absolutely prefers that his business should be subject not only to aU the contingencies of the winds andthe weather, but that he should never know fron the- beginning to the end of the year what the produce of his farm reaUy is worth. If he could be told 'how many acres hid been sown with wheat, and what was about the yield, lie might form a tolerably correct estimate of the price which he should ask for his 'o*ln wheat per quarter. But ro-he prefers, good man, to _ake it all a matter of specilatnion and gambling, to seU his 'wheat at a loiv price 'when he ought to obtain a high one, or to keep it rotting in his barns, under the idea that he may get 1OOs.- a-quarter, when -it is certain that ib can never be worthinorethaniSOs. We should have thought in our ignorance that anything which would tendto lessen the uncertainties of abusinessmustinu thelong ran make it more easyandmoieprofitabla to follow; and that, on the otherhand, wherever the element of'gambling enters largely into any occupation, its successful prosecution is difficult and its gains ncertain. But if there should be something exceptional in the business of farming, which readers it desirable that the a-ricilturist should not know what his fellowvs are doing, and hoaow much of his particular commodity there is at any one time in the country, there can be no donbt that to the coipmunity at large such knowledge is highly valuable and iMteresting. We ought no longer to bc kept in ignorance of the real value of a quarter of wheat or a stone of beef, and We therefore trust that, when Lord Palmerston redeems his pledge of introducing the Agricultural Statistics Bill next session, it will meet with such hearty support as will overpower the classopposition whichhas sooftendefeated similar measures.-Leeds Aferculry. . CHARGE OF E amE 1NrFm\T:ICIDE AGAINST A CLEPGY31AN_.-The village of Aston, near Birmingham, has been the scene of great excitement this week, in consequence of the apprehension of the curate of the parish church, the Rev. Patrick King, on a charge of attempting to marder his illegitimate child. He is about 40 years of age, and is, we are irformed, a seceder from the Romish church. He was engjged as curate of Aston soie 'time ago, and resided at lodgings in the villige, where, it is said, some scandal was speedily caused by his proceedings. A few weeks ago a young lady, named Miss Ann Downes, who was quite unk1Do61n in the locality, came to the vilage, and was introdizced to the parishioners byMr. King as the wife of a friend, wbo had recently arrived fromabroad, and wished to recruit her hea.th, which was rather-delcate. He took apartments f6r,her at the house of a highly respectable family, but she had not been there more than a few days when she was c,nflned. As soon as possible afterwards she removed from her lodgingsato those of Mr. King, the child was -sent out to nurse, and reports of a sinister character v-ere circulated. S6 confidently were these repeated that thepolce instituted an investigation, the zesult of which, we are informed, showed that, in less than two weeks after the birth of the child, Mr. King, accompanied by alittle girl and the infant, got into a car and desired to be 'driven to Trinity'church, as if with the intention of l!aving the child christened. The driver, however, was ordered to proceed to Lap worth-hill, about six miles from Bmmninghae, on the Warw,ick-road. At a lonely spot the s ehicle wvas stopped, and MIr. King taking the child in his arms, saying at the same time that he was going to leave it rjith a nurse, and leaving' the little girl in the carriage, walked away across-some 'fields out of sight. In a few minutes afterwrards he returned ~without the child, and dedredthe driver to proceed back to Birmingham as speedily as psible. The infant, however, was not destined to die. A litteleboy who happened to be passing through the fields' At Laworgth-hilU had his attention attracted by the cries of a child, and on,proceeding to the spot he found the infant lying in amarilpit, cloee by the side of a deep pool of water. Thelittle elldws. removed it from its dangerous position', Sind srnbs'e<uently it' was conveyed to the Solihull Workhouse, suffering somewhat from exposure, although the interval'that'elapsed'between the time when it was pJlaed in tbe pit' and its discovery must have been very short. There were no marks of violence upon it. These were the main 'facts disclosed to the police, but another and very sad discovery was subsequently made, that Mliss Downes is thi step-sister of Mr. King, and that the child is his illegitimuaie offspring, Both parties were arrested by the police on Monday,-Mr. Kina on the charge of attempting,to murder his child, anid Miss Downes vith deserting it, leaving it chargeable to the Solihull Union. Mr. King, when charged with deserting his iUegitimate child, at once acknowledged thatlit'was so. He'was, with his sister, conveyed incustody'to' SoliEiaill on Tuesday, andtaken before the imaggistrates, but noievidence was received, the case beg' remanded-Masnchcsfer Guardian. r T AliuRiATiroN, N3i.-The proxy of Lord Braybrooke was accidentally omitted from The list of the majority against Lord Lyndhurat's motion. The Earl of Galloway,' holding-the proxy of the Marquis of Cholmondely, *as shitit *o-;eu ad .prevente4 from Totirg again the - snulM iU.:
THE ABRMY IN WEB CRBfD . - _ GENERAL, ORpTln1: i{o. 1 ~eta~ment Sebastopol, June 4. 4i No. L,Deta=h= enulf %;;d l by Lieutenant-General Sir IL Dacre h ller. - to bl demark at Balakl&Ta, in the Kngaroo. The Ist batt-alion Colastreaiii Guards, will embark at Kazatch inL Her Majesty's slin Agamemnon. The 2d battalion Boyal- tr'gient, wiI tmbark- at Balaklava in the Pacific. The Quatratr General will make the neoesery amrangenmesat No. 2. Speame of ficers a ned tolers taf drea 't. thell ote (inemdb to comiond. On a rr the dete rgeoyz prenti weldbe to the Ajtrt enr men e rNo.35. LIeutenantl oGe era Sr, ofh Rose, 2, C85, . missioner at hequarterm-st of the army poeent toenma No.l. 'Wiho reermencetioGnera sxfoffder woil, reofn h-. 3th of Ma, fo9the offcr *amed theresine ma drw ;xr fil lowac (2. add fr itlsionvi rce to oiad a)frte-perids-t *No. 5. Lietena-sitnt 3. awley, 4H. Regiment va,;in atendrd sQathereasintior of his regoimntmn, maysdruck ofie allowauce and forage accordingly from the 2dtho e ary. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted to Staff WVetermard. SurgeonWestern, totle 20th of June, toeproceento n thi Captains C. E. Johns, and S. Quicke, 38th Ref ent, ~ the 15th of June; and Captain I. Buchaann, BldRegir maent, t the 30th of September. At the recommendatioa of medical boards, held at Scutari, to Lieflten helt-CDOlSaunders, 19th Regimenit; ana. Staff-Assistaut-Surgeon ~lltheU,top~to nglad. O arrvalthey will reEs'atua.-n gnerl oderNo.8,of June 2, 185, for. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 9. No. 1. The unaermentioned stff officer wilu rejomi hisf regiment for embarration :-Brezet-MaJor Stevens Jr aut.. Bei ment, from 9th of June inclusive. o.i2. Rev. wl r. Wilshire wll proceed to Englarni.The. forcpowcl to ihe wasattacheds having beenbrokenup. No. 3. Acting-Assistant-Surgeon H. havhew e aving tendered the resignation of his appointment, is struko otif the strength of the medical staff from this date. No.4. Leave of absence is granted to Captain Ward,, 42 V nes to 10th of September. In extiension' t Mfajor hope, and Lieutenauts Campbell and. Blair, 71st Enghlanders, to 20th of June. I By order, C. A. WINDIrAId, Cief of the Stafi, Hoad-quarterR Sebastopol Jmune 10D t No. 1. The 1st battalion dcots Fsileer Guards will em bark at Rsazatch in Her M1ajesty's ship Princess Royal., Detachments to be detailed by the officer commanding th Rfoyal Artillery wi embark- at Balakiva in the Jura and London. The 7th Regiment anld head-quarters of the 19th - Regiment wfil embarkc at Balnkava in the Imuperatriz. The Quartermaster-General wi miake the necessayrTant-sg aMents. No, 2. The Ist b -ttalion Land Transport Corps 'will rort direct to the headquarters of that corns. - rog,. 3. The undermentioned regiiment, hav-ing embarkedl at Scntari for England, is stru-ck- off the strength of tins army, as followsad -5th Dragoon Guards, from the 6th of June, 1656 No. 4. The uncdermentioned staff officers wi proceed -to England, the force to which they were attached having beeii broen n:-Brigadier-General L oAurence, C.B.; Captain Ross, 2d battalion Rifle Brigade, Aide-do-Camp; Deputy ispector-Generalof Hospitals Gorlon, .B. No. 5. The 41st, 49th, andl 95th Regiments wil be at-- tachedl to Brigadier-General Staunt-on's brigade. No. 6. The following miedical officers will embark- 'on. board the Severn, and proceed to England with invalisdslst Class Staff-Surgeon Dr. Sall, in charge; AsoistantSut geon, t Roesimen,2th.ot Stiaff Assistant-SugrO epont wines ospialDresser Balaktava ; lZ Dispensers of.eiin AtNo.' 7.l bevalids was follows-Fm B g adime General Warren's Brigade, 14; Monasthey Htospiital, ; Gene-. ral Hospitl, 100; Castle Hospital, !00; Land Trans- preCorps, 12 ; Army Worksi Corps, 8; total, 334-' wl embark in the Severn, at alaklava, on Thursd-y, - the 12th inst., for England, ider ccharge of Cleutenant, Nash, 4th Regiment. Nominal rols and io.1 reports wll be sent, before 12 o'clock on that day, to Staff-vn rmasde'r Macdonnell, Balawoava. Nominal rofil and ration certiacr cates wil be sent, with the soldiers, at the time of eJbarca-e tion, to iieutenant Nash, 4th Regiment, in military charga of detaschments on board the Severn. NTo.8s The genaeral court mari-al, of which ColoneLI Edwards, C.B., 18th Regiment, was President, is dissolved:' No. 9. The n&rmnentioned officers having commanded the Royal Artillery attaolhed to the Highlad and Third ~Divisions for the periods stated against their name-s rospec .. tively, nay draw commaucd pay and field allowance accordingly :-Captitin A. Thompson, .from the 20th of May to the 5th of June,r1856; Miajor 3 G. eooshby, B.A., frore.- the 23d of MayRto the 20th of June. No. 10. Lieutenant Hoolford, 56th Regiment, being in1 command of a company, maY draw fi°Ed allowance and forHge as a atain from theist of June. No. I. e uandermentioned interpreters have beemt g ed an in creased rate of pay, as follows :-3w Classl bohnt Gln and Jacomo Stock, 5s. 6d. a-day from therst No. 2. The folowinginterpreteris strulc othestrengtiL of the army his services being no longerrequired:-l t s im Tci,rmewst , from the 1lth inst. inclusvive. No. 13. Leave of absence is granted to LiEutenant' Camdbell, 72d Reg7imoent, to the 30th of September; and to Lieutenant F. Rooper, stth Regiment, to the 14th of September. By order, C. A. WLNDIHAM, Chief of the Sadft Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 1. No. L. Detachments of the Royal Sappers and aminers, to be detailed by the Comnmaudaig Raoyal Engineer, will embark at Balaklava in the Penisnsla. The Qeaurtermiastersleneralswill make te.necessaryarangements. - No. 2. The undermentioned staff officer whil rejoin his -tre i;me fra einclratlowan:-Captain Chippendale, 19th Regimntcl, from the 12th of June inclusive. No. . Wth rfernce to General Order No. 3, of the 6th, and No. S, of the 7th of June, 15, the purveyor at Ba1t- Niava is-instrcted to sell the stres, which remain to bea dLsposGd of, to officers only who apply ion peor-son. No order sdnt by a non-commissioned officer or servant can he nloftced., Attention is called to the maliner in whieh payment is to be imade. Soap, tea, and sugar may be purchased by quartermiasters of regiments in any quantity, on behalf of the soldiers. cember, 1855, and from the 29th of March, 1856. No. 5. Veterinary Surgeon F. Delany,I lst Dragoon Guads,havng erormd te dtis o PrncialVeterinar receive additional pay of Sa. per day from ~the 13th ofD- 'No. 6. The services of the undermentioned interpreters being uo longer required they will be strhck off the strength of the armv, from the 15th inst. inclusive:-First-class, X . Simon Stab and Jacob Malmassian; second-class. D. T. Boleslas, Lodislaus Dorinski, Joscph Caccaci, C. IMarromatty, and Const. R.ossi; third-class T. ChoditzLi No. 7. With reference to General Order No. 11, of the 21st of May, 1856, Sergeant-Conductor 'Wiliam Sands, Royal Artillery, may draw 2s. 6d. a-day instead of 2s., from the 15th of May, 1836. 'No. S. The following soldier is appointed clerk in the Quartermaster-General's department:-Sergeant Rlobert Noble, Royal Artillery, 2s. 6d. a-day, from the 15th of May, 1856. By order, c. A. 'WINDBAM, Chief of the Stff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 12. No. 1. Lieutenant-Colonel P. Iaclean, R.A., has sue- ceeded to the command of the Royal Artillery, on the' - departure of Lieutenant-Gencral Sir P. Dacres, K.C.B., from the 7th of June. 'INTo. 2. Second-cLass Staff-Surgeon Dr. Menzies will pro- ceed to England in charge of invalids, on board the Severn - steamer, vice First-class Staff-Su-geon Sall, absent without leave. 'No. 3. Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals Dr. Wiliams and Dispenser of 3Iedicines Fitze 'will proceed to England, the force to which they were attached having been broken up. No. 4. Although fresh meat is now issued to the troop3 daily, the issue of limejuice will continue as heretofore. No. 5. Commanding officers of regiments and heads of departments are requested to forward to the Stationeryoflice, Balaklava, on or before the 30th inst., requisitions for such stationery as may be absolutely required, as it is intended, when such requisitions are complied with; to close the office and ship the remaining articles to England. No. 6. Lieutenant J. Kirkby, 20th Regiment, and Lieutenant the Hon. A. Vereker, 20th Regiment, attached to the Land Transport Corps, having tendered unconditionallY thle -resignation of their commissions, will proceed -to England. On arrival they will report themselves to then Adjutant-(General No. 7. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant A. S. Cameron, 72d Regiment, to Se tember 30,1856. ' By order, C. X 'WILHA , Chief of the Staff.
TME ARxHBISHOP OF CAmTEnLmUY AD Tur, TESLEYANS.-The Wesleyan ministers arnd laymen of the Manchester and Bolton district having forwarded & esolution to the Archbishop of Canterbury, warmly thankinghium for the course wlhich he pursued in relation to the Sunday binds, his Grace replied:-" Lambeth, June 4 18R;.-Rev. Sir,-I am highly gratified by the obliging letter in which you have communicated to me the remolution passed at the district m3eetin; on lay 29 in refe-ence to the music in the parks. I beg tne members of tbh district meeting to acsept my best thanks for the manner in which they have tesi fied their approval of my oonduct on that subject; wlhieh assures me that I did not misrepresent the feelings of a numerous end influentia1 portion of HerMajesty's subjectsin the coyam.unication which I thought it my duty to makJe to Lord Palmerston. I remain, rev. Sir, your obedient and faithful servant,-J. B. CA2_'TUAR.-Rev. S. Romi'ly HaIL" THE Tram: BLMWB1. :ENGLAi'D A2])D AMERI(A.- In the year 1855 the total exports of the nnited kingdom. (exclusive of specie and bullion) amounted to 16,701,045,., vnd the total exports from the united kingdom to the United States to 1S,064,7631.,-equivalent to 15 per cent. of the gross total exports. The total exports from the -United Sitates (including 11,718,1961. of specie and bullion) amnounted, during the -year to the 30th of June, 1855, to -57,824,348'., and the total exports from the United States to the united kingdom to 29,081,8471., being equivalent to 50 per oent. of the total exportg. These exports to Englnd I flom America included 9,970,419L of specie and bullion. .ADDITIONAL CEtDRCHEi IN L DO1.-It is pro- 1 posed to vote, tlis gear, the sum of 10,0001., as a contribx-. tion in respectof the revenue derived from the Crowi _ estates in the metro us, towards the formation.-of sk-.f fund for bWiilding 4tionl churches and pWrnCeai u, _ I.OdaOB.7E4
- RATB BEPOAr. :-COQURT OF CIANCERV. T, fTX'0aT, T- om }1ORN-r. v- XtAp4nv (,fOre the LoRD CIummNmbR aand the LoRDs JusTI-ES of A-PrLT.-E This part-heard petition for leave to re-hear a decree nmade in the year 1S15 by the then Master of the Rolls (Sir WYilliam Grant) was this morning resumed, and occupied heattention of the Court the entire day. The ground of Complaint by thepetitioners was that the settlement made m pursnance of the decree of 1815 purported to be in conformity with the directions in the wil of the testator in the cause, T. W. Smith, whereas, in fact, the settlement did not so correspond. As the point at present pending for the decision of the Court is whether or not the case shall be reheard, it would be premature to state the facts. 3fr. ROLT and Mr. MAljL;s were heard in reply. Their LoRisuSrpls took time to consider their judgment. 3 RE TME ROYAL BEA1< OF AAUSTR.UI, EX P,ATE ROBUNSO2;'S FXECUTORS. This appeal from an order of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, asssted by Mr. Justice Erle, was argued some time back before the full Court and stood over for judgment. 'she LORD CHANCELLORt now said that the appeal would be re-argued on Saturday next, at Westminster, by one counsel on each side, as to the question whether a call of the Master, under the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up Act, was a specialty debt or only a simple contract one. The Court on that occasion would be assisted by two of the common law Judges.
ROLMS'_COURT, CMMCziBY-L JUn,r 25. CAREW V. ISFLA5-COAmtTxn-- ns. I -- - . lffefarr thr Al A q1o. IS#,>A *Mr. SOUTHGATE moved the Court to order the commitmnent of the defendant in this cause to the Queen's Prison, for contempt of Court in not having put in his answer. 3LLSTzrc of the ROLLS.-WYe must frst put a few ques. tions to him. Why don't you put in your answer? D)efendant.-I have been aSsent for some time on the contient-for upwards of two months. MASTE]' of the B sLLS.-You are not prevented by want of means? Defendant.-Oh, no, Sir. The answer was sent to counsel the day I returned. MASTER of the Rous.-Then, I cannot interfere, and the commitment must be made out as of course. 'She defendant wais then removed in custody. Subsequently Mr. Bn.UsaS, for the defendant, applied for his release, saying that the accounts were very long, and the answers were in the hands of the solicitor. 3UAsTaER of the ROLLS.-What can I do? I have turned him over to the Queen's Prison. Mfr. BEUE-WVill you discharge him on payment of the costs? iKtsT of the RoLiz.-That can only be done by consent. Plaintiff's SOLICITOP,.-We cannot con-sent.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS, JorrE 25. RRANrT)T.TVP: 'V P-rm1- bWsbOTC VICe-(;Pancor .Sir R. T. KINDERST.EVV - This case has occupied the attention of the Court during several days, and is still unconcluded. In the course of yesterday's proceedings a claim wa.s made, founded on a judgment registered under the 4th and 5th of William and M3ary, c. 20, which statute, in addition to other particulars not material to the point, required the register to show the "number roll" of t e entry of judgment. In the present case this requisite was w,anting, and, althougli by reference to a page given in the register the infonration as to the numner roll might be thence obtained, an objection was raised to the claim, on the ground of the deficiency in point of form of the entry up of judgment. Mr. Swanston, Mrr. Baily, Mr. Glasse, Mr. Anderson, Mr Dickinson, M1r. Schomberg, Mr. Foster, Mr. R. Clarke, Mr. W. D. Lewis, Mr. Freeling, and Mr. Joyce appeared for the various parties interestesl The ViCE-C]LHNCELLOR, after referring to and reading -he words of the act already mentioned, said that he felt himself bound, although with some reluctance, to allow the objection which had Veen taken to this claim. So far, therefore, as that claim was based upon the judgment it was put an end to by this decision. (Before Vice-Chaznceelor Sir J. STuART.) THE BUSINESS OF THIE COURT. This Court rose to-day at half-past 11 o'clock, as it did yesterday at half-past 12, having-on each day disposed of all the business which came before it, with the exception of two or three causes which were directed to stand over. On neither day did any case come before the Court calling for a reuort. The cause list in this branch of the Court is, we understand, almost exhausted. (Before Vice-Chancelior Sir W. P. WOOD.) TI E EARL OF LONSDALE AND OTHERS V. TIIE COUNWTESS PBERCIITOLDT AND OTHERS. The chief question in this case arose unon the jurisdiction of the Court to direct a sale of the late Marquis of Hertford's Dilla in the Regent's Park, and the right of the plaintiffs, his executors, to claim a lien on the produce of the sale in respect of nioney expended by them for rent, insurance, rates, taxes, &c. The codicils upon which the question arose were three in number. The effect of these (as already declared by the Court) wvas to give the villa and its furniture and contents to the Countess Berchtoldt (formrcly Matilda Strachan) for her life for her separate use, with remainder to the Princess de Louisa St. Antonio ulib (formerly Louisa Strachan) for her life, with renainder to the children of the Princess absolutely. By one of these cedicils the Marquis gave his executors " 3,000!. in itrust to lay out and employ the interest in the payment of the 200 pounds or guineas rent, and the charges on or about the said llegent's Park Villa, repairs paint, &c." The plaintiffs as executors had inattuted ;a suit to have the rightq of the several parties in the villa declared, and by the decree in that suit his Honour had declared their rights as above, and an inquiry had been directed whether it would be beneficial to all pasties that the property should be sold. This inquiry being answered in the affirmative, the villa had been sold; but the purchaser had objected to complete, on the ground that there being a substantive statement in the bill filed by the executors that they had "assented" to the beques+, and the children entitled in remainder being all infants, the Court had no jurisdiction to order the sale. The purchaser upon this objection was discharged, and a sale being clearly for the benefit of all parties, and the "assent" of the executors never having in fact been given, the object of thepresent discussion was to get rid of the difficulty and clear the itle, for wihich purpose a petition had been presented and a supplemental bill fied. mong otherthings, it appeared that the Countess Berchtoldt refused to take possession of the villa, and, as a further reason for the sale, it was stated thbatunless sold the executors would be unable to recouP thernselvcs the money which they had expended, and which they now claimned as a specific charge on the property, the interest of the 8,0001. given by the Marquis having been quite insufficient to meet the necessary expenditure. His HoN-Our. decided thbat the petition should be converted into a petition of re-hcaring of the original suit, mni that the decree then made should be varied by declarfng the rights of the several parties (as above declared) to be subject to the assent of the executors, and also subject to the payment of the rent, insurance, &c., so far as the interest of the S,O0C0. was insufficient for that purpose; and it appearing that the intcrest was insufficient, and that the e:xecutors had been compelled to pay such rent, &c., and the Countess Berchtoldt declining to take possession of the villa, &e., declare that the executors are entitled to refuse their assent to the bequest, and the executors refusing such asEent, let the villa, &c., be sold; the decree to be without piejudice to the question whether the slians paid by the -executors are to be recouped out of the 8,000!., or out of the proceeds of the sale. MI-. nolt, Mr. Willcoclk, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Tripp, hisr. Schomberg, Mr. Pryor, 31r. Erskine, and Mr. Vincentjappeared for the several parties. BEN;ECRE V. CSLXDIVICi. This case, a report of wlsich has already appeared in Thc -Pimnes, again c.aue before the Court. The suit was instituted for the specfic performance of an agreement to grant -a minling lease against the representatives of the deceased lessor, and the difficulty in the case had arisen from the fact of infants beint interested, and his Honour nOt being satisfied upon the evidence of .a sufficient acceptance of the contract to enable the Court to mak-e a decree. Further evirdencoheing nowv adduced, the Vice-Chancellor expressed himself satisfied that there had been a parole adoption of a written contract, accompanied by acts mn the nature of part - perform ance, sufficient to warrant a decree for specific per- firnmance, which lie accordingly made. Mr. Rolt and Mr. L. Field appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Eddis for the defendants.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. Wxsm-NsT .T-.9.n- 3rA7rV V. PvVrfA - lRtlzfng3 at NIist Prius, beforc Lord CAMPBELL and MVm.mnn .TT-o- I Mr. Cook Evans appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. 'Slahon for the defendant. 3Ir. Ev,is, in stating the case to the jury, said the action was broughlt to recover the sum of M3l. 5s. 3d., being the balance of an account for 1282. 5s. 3d. due by the defendant to the plaintiff, for board and lodging, from the month of February, 18.51 to the month of November, 1352. inclusive. The plaintiff was formerly the keeper of the White Swan publichouse, in wream's-buildings, Chancery-lane, where - the defendant had boarded aad lodged during the period a.bove referredto. The defendant had paid in all 45!. on account, leaviag the balance of 8A5. s. 3d. due. mong other pleas, the defendant had pleaded, except as to the 451. which he had paid, that the plaitiffs demand was in aespect of spirituous liquors supplied to the defendant in quantities of less value than 20s.; and the inference in aw which the defendant wished to be drawn from that was that he was not liable to pay tle p]aintiffls *present demand. It was true that the statute (the 24th of -George IL, c. 28) enacted that no one should be allowed - to recover in respect of spirituous liquors supplied in smaller quantities than of the value of 20s. at one time, but that statute never could have been intended to apply to a case like the present, where the goods were supplied by an innkeeper to his guest boarding in his lhonse. In the case of -' rroctor v. Nicholson" (7 0. P., 167), Lord Abinger had so 'held; and, although there were somie decisions which aprpeared to be to the contrary, he believed there was no cese -hwhich was inconsistent with the plaintiff's right to recover -in this action. Lord CAMnBELL said he should hold that the defendant - was liable, but he would reserve the point for the conside-ration of the Court. -. The plaintiff was then called, and proved that the defendant came to board and lodgewith him, asopened, and that lhe was supplied with a Iedroom, and had his maeals in the house. --He drank-porter, half and half, and-sometimnes, he had some gin and water. - * Lord CAMPBELL asked the defendanfs counsel what defence he was going to rely uponi * Mt. M'MAaox said he onlygdisputed thatypart of thebill whiel consisted- of-spirits, but - he was unable to say how much, as the bilt contained no $tems except the general one of U refreslimesie.1" 3Mr. EvAns saidhe wasinstructed that the defendant was now A prisoner for debt in Stafford-giol; he would therefore be wining to deduct- any reasonable sum from the amount of the plaintitt's bill in Xespect of the spirits, if a sum were agreed on. It was ultimately agreed that the plaintiff should have a verdict for the sum of 63kL 5s. 3d. only, the defendanfs counsel agreeing to waive any objectiont as to a part of the pLaintiff's claim being in respect of spirits. =ESGDON V. MOSS. Mr. Huddleston and Mr. W. James appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. Kerr for the delendant. The plaintiff in this action, Richard Kingdon, was an attorney; and he sued the defendant, F. W. Moss, a veterinary surgeon in the Vauxhall-road, to recover damages for the improper treatment of a mare, which died in consequence. It appeared that on the. 19th of December Last the defendant bad been called in to attend the plaintiff's mare for what appeared to be a severe cold, and administered medicine. On the 21st he sent his servant to administer a draught,- and, according to the evidence given by the plaintiffs servafit, the man fastened the mare's head by a cord to a beam of the stable, and so poured the draught down. The mare immediately began to cough and kick about, and in other ways to show signs of get pain. 'This brought the plaintiff into the stable, and he t once told the man that he had killed the mare. The defendant continued to attend the mare till the 31st of December, when the mare died. On a post miortem examination it appeared, according to the evidence of medical witnesses aled for the defendant, the mare died of pleuropneumonia; but in the left long there were tubereles in various stages, an abscess which had broken, and adhesions between the longs and ribs. On the part of the plaintiff it was contended the pleuro-pneumonia arose from some foreign substance, the medicine having gone the wrong way, and so got into the air passages of the lunIs; while the defendant contended the death arose entirely from natural disease which was evidently of some standing. It was admitted by the defendant and his witnesses that it was improper to fix a horse's head when administering medicine, but the fact was denied by the man, who said he had so tied the halter to the beam by a slip knot that he could in a moment set the horse's head free by pullin" tho cord. Lord CAMPBELL, in summing up the evidence, said it was for the jury to say whether or not there had been improper treatnsent, annd whether that treatment had caused or accelerated the death. The jury were some time before they agreed upon their verdict. They agreed that there had been improper treat-, ment, and twro of them were of opinion that the impope treatment accelerated the death, hut the other ten jurymnea hesitated on this point. Lord C,ernsaa. told them that if they were of opinion that there had been improper treatment, and that that had accelerated the death, or done any haTm whatever to the mare, it was the duty of the jury, in point of law, to find their verdict forthe plaintiff; buttheamount of thedamages was entirely for the jury. Ultimately the jury found for the plaintifl-Damages, 5Q. Mr. HuDDnnsTOx applied for a certificate that the cause was a proper one to be tried in a superior court. Lord CAMPBELL granted the application. GODFREY V. SISLL Mr. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Pearce appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. H. Hodgson for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action was a gasfitter, and he sued the defendant, an eating-house keeper in Cheapside, to recover damages for an injury sustained by the plaintiff, by reason of the negligence of the defendant's servants. It I appeared from the evidence that on the 2d of January -last the plaintiff went, before it was light, to do some work at the defendant's house, and, having occasion to go to the kitchen, he fell down an open trapdoor at the foot of the stairs, and broke one of his ribs. He was taken to the hospital and received every attention, but he was still unable to follow his business as well as formerly. The trapdoor in question was used to pass the shutters down into the ceLar, and had been left open without any warning being given to the plaintiff. The defence was that the accident was owing to the plaintifi's own want of care. Lord CA3PBELL having summed up the evidence, The jury found for the plaintiff-Damages, 151. SECOND COURT. (Sittings at NVisi Pri-is before Mr. Justice WIGUnTrANz.) The learned JUDGE came down to-day purposely to try a patent cause, but, upon the Court sitting, the cause was postponed, and will be tried at Guildhall during the ensuing sitting. His Lordship then took Lord Campbell's list of common Junes, and assisted him to dispose of the remaining Middlesex cases. COOKE V. CARPENTER. 31r. Overend and Mr. Hance were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edwin James and Mr. itwlard for the defendant. This was an action the declaration in which stated that the defendant had falsely and fraudulently represented that certain bills of exchange were held by bim bond .#de as against the estate of one Dvson, and thereby induced the plaintiff to purchase those bills, whereas in truth and in fact he was not the bond fide holder of such biDs. The defendant pleaded " Not Guilty," that he did not niake the representation, and that the plaintiff did not make the purchase. The plaintiff resided in Warwick-street, Golden-square, and the defendant was an attorney in the Temple. It ap- peared from the statement of the plaintiffs case that a young gentleman named Dyson had accepted several bills of exchange, and afterwards went through the Insolvent Debtors' Court. The plaintiff, knowing that Dyson had property, agreed to purchase the surplus to which he should be entitled after tire creditors of Dyson were paid for 3,0001., and, finding that the defendant held some of his acceptances, the plaintiff sent his attorney, Mr. Beales, to see if he could purchase Carpenter's debt. According to Mr. Beales's evidence Carpenter said his claim upon Dyson's estate-a-as 3881. 14s., part of which consisted of three bills accepted by Dyson. After some negotiation, Carpenter agreed to sell his claim on Dyson of :3,S. 1l4s. to Cooke for 2X0!. Carpenter said lie was the bond fide holder for value of these bills, and the 2501. was paid. Subsequently Carpenter was called upon to prove his debt under Dyson's insolvency, and he attended before the commissioner for that purpose; but, upon examination, Carpenter stated that he hal received the bills from one Harvey, after they had become due. Dyson in his schedule stated that he had accepted the bils for the accommodation of Harvey, but that he had himself received no benefit from them. Upon the examination of Carpenter before the commissioner that gentleman produced the schedule of Harvey, who had also been insolvent, in which Carpenter appeared a creditor for 1251. only. Carpenter then said that Harvey owed him 2251. The claim against Dyson's estate was disallowed altogether. The plaintiff was stated to be an independent gentlemen, who made the mest he could of his money. D)yson's debts were 40,0001. He was a young man of great expectations, who had run through a very large sum of money. In cross-examination Beales stated that at the time the defendant gave him the bills he also gave him a judgment paper which heheld against Dyson for debt. The amount of the judgment debt was afterwards paid. The commissioner objected to Cooke's having anything to do n ith Dyson's estate. The defendant said before the commissioner that he had no claim upon the estate of Dyson because he bad sold his debt to Cooke; that he had taken the bills from Harvey for his bill of costs, he having been the attorney for Harvey. G. 'W. Dyson.-I had no consideration for these bills. One of them, for 1251., purporting to be drawn by Carpenter, was drawn by me in blank and handed over to Harvey. The otller bills were managed in the same way. I never saw MIr. Carpenter. Harvey got the bills from me by fraud. For the defence it was urged that the defendant had not made any false and fraudulent representation that he was the bond zSde holder to the full amount. It had been the interest of Cooke to represent to Dyson his debts in the largest amount possible, in order that he (Cooke) might make the test terms on his own behalf. In Dyson's schedule the foll amount of Carpenter's debt, 3388. 14s., appeared to have been admitted, and it was upon seeing this that Cooke sent Beales to Carpenter Mr. Beales had at first sworn positively that Carpenter had stated that he had given "full" value for the bills, but he had afterwards admitted that he could not recollect the ternis, or words, that had been used. Carpenter had received two bills from Harvey for business done forhim, and he had obtained a judgment on those bils. Harvey then gave Carpenter the bill for 1251. having the acceptance of Dyson, and to which Carpenter then put his name as drawer. It was for a debt due, in fact, from Hanrey to Carpenter. The question here was not as to a value between Harvey or Carpenter and Dycon, but whether Carpenter had given value to any one for the bills and it was submitted that Carnter was bond fies holder of the bills for value given to Harvey. True that bill could not be put into force as against Dyson; it was as mistake on the part of Carpenter to put his name to it, but that did not cdnstitute a fraud. It was here intimated that the parties had agreed to withdraw a juror. The learned JuDGE said there had evidently been some iimisunderstanding between these gentlemen, and it was much better that the matter should be arranged.
I COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.WFs R¢r .Tmr 9X SMITH V. NRATTh I (I;ttvzgs at Ni&i Prius, before tlfr.Jzutice WiLLEs afc2/ Cor,znmn .Thllripr.1 This was an action on an agreement to purchase a patent, to which the defendant plea& d a denial of the agreement, and also that tle patent was void, the invention not being niew. 3Ir. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. Henry James appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Al. Smith, Q.C., and Mr. Norman for the defendant. nThe plaintiff, Miss Smith, it aypeared, is a lady residing in minpole-street, wbo, previous y to the Great Exhibition of 1851, mnade a model villa called Tudor Villa, which was completely furnished with toy furniture, as an example of English domestic comfort, for the admiration of foreignersThe manufacture of the toy furniture led her to improve upon it, andsome discussion respecting the manufacture of toys, brought about by this exhibition, led to the information to her that this country makes no toys, except waxdolls, and that 500,0001. is annually expended abroad in toys for English chlil(ren. This discussion suggested to the mind of Aliss Smith that it would be a good thing to perfect her inchoate manufacture of toy furniture, which she hoped to get the ragged schools to patronize, and out of the proceeds aissist to support tlemselves. She accordingly *unproved her manufacture of toy furniture, making the rames of card, the legs of bonnet wire, and, covering the whole with lookingglass frame-maker's composition, mnoulded these toys into exceedingly elegant and durable mimic furmiture. She was advised this was a valuable invention, and took out a patent for it in 1853, and succeeded in getting it introduged as a -anufacturefor the boys and girls at the ragged school6 she teaching tlte c3ildren the art, and receiving some remumeration for this. 'The ladies who manage those schools not taking an interest in the manufacture, or not understanding it, Mis Smith 'was not satisfied, and bv accident got introluced to the defendant, to 'whom subsequently she offered herpatent for sale. The defendant is said to be a bariister, iwho, from benevolent motives, established an institurtion I'i Russell-street, which he called. " the ladie' Guild" the object of which was to giveTemployment to women, and by, the proceeds of their industry to support the institution. The capital to start it was lent by various 'individuals, himself among them, and 5 per cent. interest on the capital was deducted from the produce of the labour of the members of the institution, together with the other expenses, before zppropriating the residue of sales to the objects of theinstitution. the defendant was manager and a director. Miss Smith offered her patent to him to be w, orked by the institution, for girls and women to mnanufacture the toys, which were sold at the Soho Bazaar. She awked 20. down and 501. a-year foi the duration of the patent, or for 12 years. The defendant, assenting to the value of the patent, offered her 5 per cent. on the produce and 501. a-year, and to pay 501. fees to keep up the patent, and implored her to aecept these terms, considering the benevolence of his objects. Miss Smith agreed to these pro. positions, and a draught of an assig,nment of the pitert vas drawn up by the defendant, hut never executed. The -defendant then manufactured the toys at his institUtibn for about 15 months, selling, according to his own account, on]yl401. worth, and then gave up his "Ladies' Guild," but still carried on the manufacture of the toys in Devonshirestreet. He, however, never paid Miss Smith any percentage, did not pay the 501. fees necessary to keep up the patents and declined to pay the sum agreed upon to her, now setting up that tbe invention v as not new. To support this plea aookingglass-framemaker waiS called, 'who proved that in 1851 he made, to the order of a gentlemanrna:ned Ovens, a diminutiv.e console table and glass, t the best of his recollection, in a manner similar to the toys of Miss Smith. On the other side there -as the evidence of the patent agent, who declared his belief that the invention was entirely new in principle. The case occupied nearly all day, and till 6 o'clock. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff on all the issues-Damages, 751.
COURT OF BANKBRpUPTCY, Bas gZazU:strec4, June 25.' T RV.E TANTES WORTHtT'TAN TArATnP (Before Mr. Commimsioner GoT uiLm1ne The bankrupt is described as a lighterman, of Nicholaslane, trading as Covington and Co. His accounts commenced in 1854 with a deficiency of 2,1861. and close with unsecured cre4itors, 5,0541. ; creditors holding security, 2,0071.; liabilities on bills of exchange, 2,1541. The assets are-good debts, 2551.; property, 651. ; property heidaby creditors, 1,8001. Upon these accounts the official assignee reports that in 1851 the bankrupt had a capital of 75W.., for he then paid that sumu into the firm of Covington and Co., which at that time consisted of James Covington, sen,, and James Covington, jun. The elder Covington had then retired. In June, 1852, a dissolution took place between JamnesCovingtou, jun., and the bankrupt, the latter continuing to trade as Covington and Co. At that time it was found that the capital of Codrington, sen., was 3,7391., and that of Covington, jun., 1,200?. The bankrupt made himself responsible for these amounts, and, by way of security, transferred his iterest in allthe stock and plant, consisting of 20 barges, to the two Covingtons; the consequence was that, while they realized the greater part of their capital, the creditors got next to nothing. After this the bankrupt was in difficulties for want of capital, and co nmenced raising money by accommodation bills. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Ivarance appeared for the bankrupt; Mr. Sun for the assignees; and Mr. Lucas, Mr. Mller, and MEr. Hussey for creditors. The Coz.i5sssosx ER remarked that the bankrupt appeared to have been takenin. Mr. LAwsvukScE.-He thought he was joining a profitable business in 1851, but it proved otherwise. The Conamnssio?mER.-He got nothing for his 7501. Mr. SURnn submitted that such was not the fact. The elder bankrupt had a full right to take the bankrupt's money for a share in the business, and to draw it out. The Coyissiso?r.-I entertain a different opinion. Mr. SuRi.-The transaction was just as fair and proper as where one man agrees to buy a house of another, and pays h:m so much money for it. The Co3urissiosNso said the simile in respect tothe house did not apply. The bankrapt (23 years of age) would appear to have been a young man of very small wit, and to have come in contact with persons who had a great deal more, and who had conspired together to obtain his money. This want of v-it was partly an unavoidable loss, and misfortune, and the bankrupt would receive a second-class certificate. There had been a scheme to take him in, and he trusted that when next he found himself in possession of 7501. he would take better care of it. Mr. SuRn said the bankrupt had been assisted in the transactions referred to by one of the ablest solicitors in Chancery-lane, as well as by valuers. His HoSouB.-He got nothing for his 750?. What was rot got from him in one way was got in another. Second-class certificate accordingly. IN RE VARLEY. This was an application on the part of the bankrupt to annul the adjudication, under the following circumstances :-The petitioning creditor lived as housekeeper with the bankrupt, a tobacconist, of 304, Oxfdrd-street, up to April Iast, whon ho gave her into custody, on a,eharge of robbing him of some of his money. This charge being heard before M1r. Bingham, the magistrate, and dismissed, the petitioning creditor brought her action in the Court of Queen's Bench for false imprisonment, 'and also for 221. wages due to her. To the action so brought the bankrupt did not plead the petitioning creditor's coverture, but simply never indebted, anda justification as to the false imprisonment. The jury awarded 22?. for wages and 101. for damages for the false imprisonment, which, with costs, made the petitioning creditor a judgment creditor for 67?. lls. Being met by an assignment, bankruptcy followed. Mr. Hodgson appeared in support of the petition to annul the adjudication, and Mr. Bagley forthepetitioningcreditor. The grounds relied upon in support of the petition to annul were these :-The petition was that of Ann Trumer, vwhereas her real name was. Ann Trumper. Her husband, Thomas Trumper, from whom she had been separated five years, was living, and she had both dropped the " I" in her proper name and concealed the fact of her marriage. Therewas not a better established principle inlawthan that a wife could not sue while her busband was living. Mr. BACTLEY submitted that the bankrupt was now estopped. The verdict of a higher Court would not be overruled by this. His Hosounpsaihdehad no doubt whateverthatthe bankrupt.was estopped.and that it did not nowlie in his mouth to dispute the adjudication. He had pleaded several pleas to the action, and he might, if he bad thought proper, have pleaded those now put in. He was not here to tell them why he did not do so, and the Court was clearly of opinion that he was estopped from taking advantage of his own neglect or default. He came to this decision with greater satisfaction because nothing could be more unjust than the bankrupt's conduct to this woman. She bad earned the 221. as wages, and the other was for damages for an assault, The man who thus treated her did not venture to assert that he did not know that which was now urged. He lay by, and now turned round and pleaded the coverture. Adjiudication confimed accordingly. ES RE WVETTON. The bankrupt was a newsagent of No. 213, Oxford-street. There have been several meetings to investigate the circumstances under which a sale of his busness was made after the bankruptcy, and the case, which stands yet further adjourmed, will be fully noticed at its close. In the meantime it is suficient to state that ltr. J. T. Keell on examination denies that he ever applied, either directly or indirectly, to the bankrupt to omit the names of the firm of M4osley and Keell, or their debt, from his scheduleon the occasion of his filing a schedule in the Insolvent Court. On the contrary, he never heard of his filing a petition to the Insolvent Court until long after the month of November. 1852. The firm never took any bill of exchange from the bankrupt for wlhich he did not owe them money.. The total amount of bills outstanding never exceeded 250?. or 300?. There was no pretence whatever for saying that they had had accommodation bills upon the bankrupt to the amount of 20,000? or to any amount whatever. x. John Hutton, of 34 Strand, examined, similarly denies having ever, either directly or indirectly, requested the bankrupt to omit his name from the schedule, or that he knew that his name was omitted until the bankruptcy. Neither did he know that Messrs. Slosley and Keell's names had been omitted from the bankrupt's schedule. Mr. Mosley, examined, also g,ives the same evidence as his partner in all material points. The case now stands further adjourned to October. (Before Mr. Comnmnsssoncr FONBLANQUE.) IN RE ImaLIrS A-ND PHILIPS. The bankrupts were general merchants of King William. street. They were now awarded second-class certificates. A third-class certificate, after three nionths'suspension for bad boolkeeping, was granted to W. R. Drake, coachbuilder, North Walshamn.
INSOLVENT DEBTOBS' COURT, June 25. Tl- RE WILLTA1.I aErnlaE qTl;.pWAT (Bdore the Cm= CO3nhS.TO\'R -I This case, which was reported in T)ze !Tinzes on the .5th inst., again came before the Codr. The insolvent, who had been in the 2d Dragoons, was opased by several creditors, and tho complaint was that he had incurred debots without reasonable expectations of payraent. The CHIIEF Co1ITnssroI'sOn intimated that it was not a case for an immediate discharge. There had been reckless extravagance on the part of the insolvent. It would not prejudice the insolvent if he required a proof of debts before -he gave an adjudication. Ihe case was adjourned for a proof of debts.
(Adrertisement.)-The Courts of the Crystal Palace.- The "Art Journal for July, price 2s. Ed., contains engravings from the following pictures in the Royal collection:-" Mary anointing the feet of Clirist," by Rubens. and "lilking-time," by P. Pottei,: alsn, an engraving of " Paul and 'Yirginia," from the group by NV. C. Marshal]. Among the literary contents are :-Tbse Porcelain Manufactory. of China, hy li{r. Mecrritfild-m,. MSinstrels of .ho Mdiddlle Atges, by Rev. E. L. Cutts, illustrated-The futch Genre-painte.rs, byPF. WY. Fairholt. ilnstrated-Photoeslvanography. by. Pu..}ut, F.Rt.S.-British Artirts: their Style and Character, io. 16, J. B. Pyne. illustrated- The Ceramic Couart of the Crstal Palace, illus;trted. Virtue and Co.. 25, Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.- ayiyhew's "W Whom to Marry and How to get Married," price Is. &., and "Wild Sports of the Far West," by Ger-taeeker, price Is. Ed., are the new volumes of Routledges cheap series, which now comprises upwarsls of 140 volumes, all alike sLitable for railway or home reasdng. The following are also ready -" Pottleten Legacy," 2s., by Albert Smith: and, price Is. each, Miss Edgeworth's "Manweuvring," "Ennui," and " Alsentee"-being her celebrated Tales of FaEhionable Life." No one should start on a journeY without providing himself with some of the volumes. Complete lsts gratis on applicatIon. LondoD, George Routledge and Co., 2, Fardpn-stcget5
I I - -OLICE. MNSI0.N-110UE-.-Heirz Zichale, a person who said that he was formerlf i Grbhlqit~thkt he had been brought up in Rome from his childhood4 wras brought before Sr-H. Wi--VMApxDEs, cbared withlhaying picked- the pocket of a .Wcemrnin~Chep,ide, r.' --''-' The cornplainant, while looing atthe dressing -of ashop window, felt a tug at piisF uock-t ,missed.'hisliaudkerchief and, upon turning round sa the prisoner, who was the onlyperson near him, move ivay`fro'mtei4spot, andatorice charged the fellowwith the robbery.' The prisoner rrsented the-accusation in the rcughet--miahberi but a gentleman who-had witnessed the robbery walked up to the complainant anid told hinm the prisoner had jus dropped the handkerbhief through a hole in his coast pocket. h -cket The prisoner said, there was no hole in his pocket. -'V Sir R. W. OCuuxs desired-the- officer -to- turn up- the pfocket, anfd it was iumnediatdily seen that it had been made Sir R. W. CADN -Why,-your coat is just adapted for 'the purpose. - : - The prisoner.-Oh, that hold is nothing. My coat isTull of holes. The officer.-I have kcnown.this man for the last three months. He used to be in the'habit f 'going into fits in the public streets, and he had ti*o companions, foreigners; who used to help him, and-crowds gatheied roand and robberies were committed. -One of 'the prisoner's companions wars sent to prison by the- Lord -Myor, and that put astop to te fits,itrrtr2Tl The prisoner (to the interpreter. his Lordship th PIl go to Rome at once. - The interpreter (having coimmunicated with Sir H W. CARDE.)-His Lordship will be very glad to hear that you are going to Rome, but he says that you cannot go till you have been hard worked in Holloway for six weeks upon bread and water. (Laughter.) The prisoner.-Tell him Pd rather go to Italy-at once, and I won't go to Holloway. The Interpreter.-His Lordship says he is determined that you shall not pick any more pockets in the streets 'f -London, for six wee a any rate The prisoner.-Tell him there is no justice in this rascallUy Place at all, and that rll say so everywher9 I go. (Laughter.)I Theprisonerwas then cdmmitted as a rogueand vagabond. - GULDnrALLn-Wnnam George Wlson, of 39, Beech-- street, Barbican, a milliner, and John Wilson, a drajer; of! 19, Clare-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, were placed at-tho -bar before Aldermnan LAw-nEVoRex, the -fornmer 'chared- with; having unlawful possession of 76 lengths of ribands, and the latter with having 139 lengths of ribands, which -had been stolen from the premises of Mr. Hutchins, 25, Wood-street,; Cheapside, betwreen Saturday, the 31st of May, and Monday~ the 2d of June, w;hen property to the value of 600l. was' stolen. Mr. Wontner appeared for the defendants. -Mr. John Hutchims examined the- ribands produced -and i identified the bulk of them as his., Some - lute atm be i could not identify, as the same makers sold to other wt5olesale houses. The greater portion of the goocds ptoduced were Petersham ribands made expressly for him, and' were' in an unfinished state. They were rolled up in a manner that he never sent goods out in, and in lengths that hei seldom sold. Of some of the patterns he had never sold any, and they were not made for any other house but his. - Sergeant Foulger, of the eit- police force, said, he went, last night withlthe officerBiull to-WilliainOGeorge Wilson's,39, Beech-street, Barbican, and found him in the shop. I He told him they had called about some ribands he had bought lately; hut he said -he had -bought nione lately, -and, pointing to some lute strings that were hanging from some shelves behind the counter, said there weteI -what ribands he had bought lately. Ho then tIld him theyvwere two officers; that they believed-he had more, and they i must see. The prisoner then assisted them to search; andina box at the end of the counter they found.16 or 17 pieces of Petersham, which Mr. Hutchins, who was present, identified. He then informed the-prisoner that they were stolen,, and asked him if he could accoumt for how he became pos- - sessedof them. Hesaidheboughttheminthecitysomemonths Pgo. Witness said the -city was a broad term, but could' he tellhim the house or-from whom heboughtthem? and he said, no, he was alwvays buying ribands, anduhe could not tell where he bought them. He then asked him if he had an - invoice, and he said he had not. He asked him if he had any entry in any of his books of the purchase, and he said, no, he never kept books for anything. They then made further search, and found the other ribands produced in various parts of the shop. He then told the prisoner he was not satisfied with his account of the possession, and he therefore took him into custody and took possession of the goods. Joseph Cooper Knight, No. 437, said, he went last night with Sergeant Hewlett, of the M division, to the prisoner John Wilson's shop, in Clare-street, lincoln'sinn-fields. They saw him there, and asked to speak in private with him, when he led them to his sittingroom. He then informed him they were both policeofficers, and had received information that he had purchased a considerable quantity of stolen goods. Re at first said, " No, I have not." He said to prisoner, " You are certainlynot bound to answer anyquestionsthat we may put to you." He then took three samples of ribands from his pocket and asked if he had not bought a quantity of that description, and he said, "1Oh, yes, I did buy a lot of these." In answer to further questions the prisoner said he had: bought thecm from a traveller and agent, but he had had no invoice with them, but he had a memorandum with them at the timne. When asked what quantity he had purchased, he said he should decline to answer any further questions. He then desired to see the goods and he - showed -them 27 pieces of - riband (chiefly Betersbams) in a box. By the prisoner's directions his. shopman brought down stairs a paper parcel and a hatbox filled with ribands. There were 93 pieces in all. IHe again asked the prisoner if he would show him the memorandum he had received -with them, or if be would accouint for them in his books, and the reply he made was, " There are the ribands, and I shall not answer any more questions about them. I consider that I have accounted for them very satisfactorily. " He told him he did not consider his account of them at all satisfactory, and he should take him into custody, and he accordingly removed him to the Moorlane station. The officers here applied for a remand. Mr. Wontuer, on behalf of the prisoners, said, he could not resist the application for time to make further inquiry. He was instructed they were established tradesmen, who would have a sufficient answer to the charge, but he shouldreserve their defence for the present; and he hoped their being well established business men would justify him in asking that they should be admitted to bail. Alderman LAw,&RENCE said, he could not accede to that request, because there must have been some irregularity in their course of business, or they would at once have produced their invoices and showed how they came by the goods. The prisoners were then remanded. Bow-STREET.-Mr. Samuel Plimsoll, coal merchant, was charged with refusing to pass through the turnstile at Waterloo-bridge, and with assaulting the tollkeeper, John Bradshaw. ComplaInant stated that, at about 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening, defendant and another gentleman presented themselves at the north entrance to the bridge. The latter paid a pecny for both, and passed through the turnstile, which records the number of passengers ; but defendant attein ted to walk through the carriage way. Witness called tou;im to return, informing him that he must also pass through the tuncstile. Defendant replied that he would do nothing of the sort, maintained his right to the road, and finally, on being resisted by complainant, committed the assault. In the mean time a crowd assembled, and the thoroughfare wis stopped, until defendant was given into custody. Later in the evenng the defendant, having been liberated on bail, caled aigain at the bridge, and, putting down a halfpenny, requested to see the act of Parliament. WVitness; not heimn nmtrusted wth the charge of it, was unable to satisfy hi demand. The defendant justified his conduct on the ground that, havingpaidthetoDl, the bridge cocupanyhadno righitto dictate to himt the particular mode in wihich he should cross the bridge. The act of P<arliament did not enabile them to compel the public to go through the turnstiles. It Was a matter of favour entirely. The public could oblige the company by passing through them if they thought proper, but the e was no compulsion about it. The moment a man put down his halfpenny he was free to take his own course. The reception of the halfpenny was an acknowledgment that he bad purchased the freedom of the bridge, and, this being so le was naturally provokedat the insolence of the tollkeept r in bawling out to hima and then stopping him. He mioht bave gone through the turnstile if complainant had asked him to do so cvilly, as a matter of favour. Mr. JAP.nnDn assured the defendant that he was alto gether wrong in his notions about the law of the case. The company had complete control over the bridge, and could shut it up to-morrow if they liked. There had been hundreds of siucilar cases at this court, and people had been told again and again that the company could prevent any one us_in- the bridge who did not choose to comply -with their reguistions. No doubt it was provoking to he called to and compeled to return, but the tollkeeper bore a very good character, and Mr. Powell, the solicitor, never employed any but civil men there. Of course they must be protected, and he (Mr. Jardine) must fine the defendant 3?. for the assault. The fino was paid. WxEST.LNSTER-.-Mary Dougherty was finally examined, charged with feloniously cutting and wounding her husband. Edward Doughert3-, the prosecutor, a painter, living at 30, Gardner's-lane, Westminster, said that he was out with his wife, who had been drinking, on last Saturday night, and oml their return home some words occurred between them in consequence of her desire to have some more liquor, when she dragged him about and tore his clothes off his back. He then vent into the passage, and was talking to his landlady wlcen the prisoner suddenly came behind them, and, putting her hand over the landlady's shoulder, drew a razor across his face from side to side, exclaiming " Take that, yon-." ?Prosecutor was immediately taken to the shop of hr. Binns, chymist, in York-street, and as it was found impossible to stop the hamniorrhage from the wound was driven to the icospital, where it was dressed. The prisoner had previously said that he should be led about the streets blind, and that she would do for him.. In defence, prisoner said she was unconscious of having done her husband any injury. Mlr. ARNoLD tbought it was fortunate for her that shewas not before hin on a charge of murder, and committed her for trial at the Central Criminal Court. LMA sonorGon.sTREET.-Joseph Simpson was charged with the following outrage on Henry Edmunds:- The complainant, whose nose was strapped over with plaister, and whose face was hideously disfigured, said he was a theatrical assistant, living at 17, Rupert-street. About 2 o'clock that morning he had occasion to go into a watering screen in Rupert-street, when he was suddenlv seized by three men, two held his arms, while the tbird seized hin fromu behind round his neck, forced him to the ground in a half-strangled positibn, and while in that helm - less state he was beaten about the head and face antil his nose was smashed and he was covered with blood. Two of the men ran away, and the prisoneralso wenta shortdistancebut l eame back again, and heing recognized by him, -he gave the Iprisoner mnto custody. ?e had no doubt that the injuries were -inflicted by .. life-preserver for the purpose -of ITobbery. Mr. B3ADOi deciedo oniemanding the case ora weel.- TRAMES.-Captain Richard Cammingson, the master of a thip lying in the river, the ualam of Wlhich (did not traus: pire, Wa5 brought before lEr. SELrS charged with cfutting and wounding John lNeale.-' : - -a Mr. SELFE said, be should remand the prisoner until the rounded man 'was able to appear; buti he accepted bail for his appearance-the prisoner in 100!. and one surety in-Zom ' SbTHWAK.-Benjaunin Neville, a tall, poweiful-iookc inDfellow, was charged with- robbery.' Mr. A'BECETTr.-Is theprpisoner known to the police? -Sergeant Goding, No.7 M:-Yes, -Sir. Re is connected with another man, who has recently been tranisported for stealing-12 cwt. of iron, the property of Messrs.-'Vhite. head, PhomninIron Foundry, in the Glrot'e, Southar34:on the 9th of April last, and I have smnce that time been look- dere heim. given hubstantiatetbat chargealso, Mr. A'BEcKm'T cenainittedhini for trial for both offences. UIMIBL-Yr. Alfred Palmer, a fly and cabowner, appeared before the Ron. G. 0. NOhrON to inswer to two charges of violent assault,- preferred against him by 3Mr. Alfred Runt, of Bro.ad-street, Iaiinbeth, nd Mr. G. T. Smith; of St. Janmes-street, Westnniinsta - Mr. Solomons attended for the .fompiiin3nt,' and- Mr. Bimns for the defendant.- The hearing of the case occupied the magistrate-for nearly three hours, and the proceedinigshad hnot terminated for nearly two hours af ter the ordiunrytime. of -the closing of the court. The facts of the case aade'out on the'par ofthe complainants were these-that, 6n' Th uisdy-evening last, .-when returning from the. Hampton4-aces,-.Mr.; Hunt drove a phaeton, in which were ,' is, and Miss Smith, and between Kingston and iclunond -Park- passed a fly driven by the defendant, in *vhich -were his wife -and othermembersof his family,.onceortu ice;andthedefendaut, 'from annoyance at his. doing so,- or some othe cause, drove his vehicle so close to the compla naut'* as to piss the hind wheels over both off legs of a valu3ble, h-orse, grazing the linder, auid cutting a piece of the 'flisE of the sze of acr-w. out ofthe forefoot, and then proceeded at a rapidrate.Mr. :Eiint, in order to get his name' and-addiess,.gave the _reins to his friend, Mr. Smith, and followed the vehicle of the defendant for some distance, and having--at lengt4 coe up wvith bim he told him that he had injured his horse and requested his name-.and -*address.. The- defcn t;k azxcoznansing the obseivaion -wi-th so;me bsome guir.expres-si6ns, replied, "Oh, yoa want my address, :do *ou 72' aud jumping ftom his seat,: and in his spring to the grouuid givinglMr. Runt a desp3rateanud stunning blow on thenose, added, " That's miy address, yon " - e also wave himtwo other desperate blows on the face thiatcaused sim to bleed most copiously, and seriously marked his countenanco. Mr. Smith, seeing his friend so seriously ilMused, jumped from the carriage, went to the head of the defendant's horse, ind refusedtolethim go untilhe gave his name and address, and said who he was. Re also made use of strong languaZe, calling the defendant a scoundrel, and said he-Anpeared- to, belong to a set of Whiteiliapel pic'kpockets. The' defendint upon this jumped off his box, struck Mr. - Smith. several violent blows on the fase, blackened his eyes, and knocked him down'twice. Soon after a policexnan came -up and the parties went to the police station, where the defendant gave his name as " Alfred Palmer, gentleman;" 'but before the arrival of the policeman he said his aame was Alfred Palmer. and that he was a brother to Palmer who was-hung. at Stafford GaoL In reply to the questions of the istrate. as well as in cross-examination, Mr. Hunt denied that in passing the defendant's carriage hehad touched it in any way, nor did i he pass .hi, he said, in such a wny as to' give him offence. i -Refher saidthattheant of the defendant in running -against his horse-a, vei-y.. valn_ble ono-was wilfulaud wicked. On the part of the complainants Mrs and Miss Smith and other witnesses were caLled, who fully corro- - -borated their statements, aicdrepresented the conduct of the defendant to be violent andraufianl_y. - . - - On the part of the defendant several witnesses were also called, some of whom swore positively that Mr. Runt struck .the -first blow; but their testimon,y and statements were' very confficting, nud after an iuvestigation of three hours' duration Mr. NeorTo convicted the defendant in penalties of 30s. for each assault, and in default of payment sen. tenced him to two months' imprisonment in the Rouse of Correction.
A GAMEKEEPEM KUMED BY A SPRING-GUN.-A few days since one of those terrible accidents vhich occa. sionally startle us occurred at Tindon-end. Bacon, the ganiekeeper, with extreme jealousy to protect a nest of pheasant's eggs from the depredation of poachers, loaded a spring-gun withl a heavy charge of destructive matesials, comprising llmt stones, broken glass, and nails, remarking that "if any one came he wished to detain them until his return to attend them." The next morning, with unaccountable carelessness, he went to the oithouise contiguous to his dwelling and neglected to disconnect the wire; the consequence was that he sprang the gun, and the miscellaneous contents lodged in his legs, laceratin< him in a dreadful manner. Amputation was performed, but the shock was too great for his system; mnortification and collapse came on, which ended in-his death. A correspondent remarks that he fell a victim to his own infernal device, calmly prepared for the destruction of some fellow-maneven his own wife and children bad a narrow escape of fallng victims to this horrid contrivance, simply by not having previosly visited this place of cozmmon access to the family.-E&rx SSandard. Lo.NDox GESXAL O-rse-us CO:rPANY.-Trafflo receipts for the week ending June 21, 9,807!. 5s. Id.
SHIP NEWS. lfqTV MD A'LICDA'PM lzww?? The numberof XaerChatTesdees lately employed by Uer MfajestyA Government in the transport ser icewasmearly300, butthey have been recently -considerably xcduced, and now form a fleet of 128 yeess. all of which, however, are steamers. Wind, N.W W VROL A schooner, tie Martha,. of Yarmoth.in beating down the River this6mornrog, gotathwsrt the boweof theGeorgel;endall, forCalcutta. at anchor, anD wvasdinnasted. lhe George Klendall lost fling jib- Arrived.- TheWilim Miler, from Calcutta-the Robert Henry from 'orto Rico-the Comet, from Requejada-the Young Xing, from Quebec for Rbyl-the Coumtes ef Morley, from Caiabaleanc-the DavidHarrison. from Bremen-the nteamer Minho, fromn Oporto-tho Sernator, from B>arbadoes. Off,- e T steamer Delta, the Shannon, te Jnohn Dugdale, and the Sailed.-The Western Empire,for Bostoahe Barihfll, for Vern Cruz-the Pacific, forStettin-the Ina Russell, for :falta-the George Kendall, for Clcutta-the steamer Baltic, for New York. - Io?NDolc, June$2. -Wind at noon,N.W.; lightplessantbreeze and fine. BxsTora Jiune is.-whia. WT.w., light.-Airived, the Achdi, fromEwanseea-theMaas, fromRotterdaru-theJohm and Ann,from Barnstaple-the lrtanuia nd the Prince of Wales; from Bidefordthe Sabruaa, from Cork-the Camilla. froes Wateeford-the Calyp from Dublin-the Express, from Iayle-the Jimo, from lifrmcorbe. Sailed, the Lucy and the George, forlNew t5r Juverua for Cork -the, Favourite, for Cronstait. Airired at Iydney the CitY Of 3ristol, froml the Clyde; at Hialifax, the Osplrey. Srom tiverpool; at St. }elena, the hias. Ann. from. J~ Ancs the Thorwatdsefo Fazteoui.June 2L-9ind,~ .Wl.-arvd b h n and thie Vzayo. Irom Has sn-tlre 1tria,1,rom t:rlatz-the ltya, from Syca; all 2or unless. Saile4, the CDhallenger, for London. GRAVFSIID, JurZ 2. (BY SU ;ARLN-, oN-D BRaSrr1 TELun"3.) (From Lloyd's.) An=ved.-The Fortuna, from Benders-the Wmidham, from Ma. strand-the Limehouse, fromRangorn-the Anrette, froml?urto Rico. Sailed.-The 31atilde, for Trindd-the Avalanche, for Bombaythe steamer Tele,.graph, forAntwerp. 9 3Da&m.-Wlnd, W.; tiqe, three hour;' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Rob"na Mitchell, from. Calcutta_,he Fitedbire, from Caumeroons-the transport elgrava. from Malta-the Furet, from Graveline-the Sundenes Mindc, fromr:Dram-the Anna, from Rio Gratnde-the steamer Elbe, from lHamburg-the steamer Holland, from Osend, Sailed.-The Jacob Badger, for Port Philip-the Superior, for Cadir *-the steamerl Lutken, for Harborg-the steamer City of Rotterdam, for Dankirk-the steamer Belgium, for OstendL 1 pm.-Wmnd, W.; tide, 2 hours'llood; fine. Arrived.-The steamer Seine, from Poalogne-the steamer Batavier, from Rotterdam-the steamner Citizen, from Bordeaux-the BoP, from Caen-the Frederika Maria, from Skive. Saaled.-The steamer Belgium, forO.Icud-the steamer Panther, for Boulopne-the steamer Countess of lnedale, for Hamburg-the Viswountess Canning, for Legborn. 3 p.m.-Wtnd calm; tide, 4 hour3 flood; finc, No arrivals. Sailed.-The steamer Concordia, for Rotterdam. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, W. ; tide, high wvater; weather fine. Arrived.-The steamer City of Londonufrom Dunkirk-the Scandia, from iavannm-the Eiz%beth, from Memel-the Mtary cad, from Memel-the Margaret Counel, from Calingapatam -the George, from Caen-the Courier, from Rig*-the Vesta, from Graveline-the Prince Albert, from Jamaica. Salled.-The steamer Diana, for RDtterdam-the Isand Home, for Algoa-bay-the Dunbar, for Sydney. DVATL Js.ex 24. MBy SuomkArSz .AowD ERmssr Tarzowxrj (Frnm Iloyd's) Passed -TheRacer, from Leghorn-the Scandia, from Havanna- the Tbalia, from She Mauritius-the Nanny and Emma, f.-om Galat . allfor London-the Plata, from Surinam forAmsterdam-the Victory from Skive for Lymington-the Atalanta, from Galatz-the Eliabeta and Jacoba, from Bangowanje; both for Amsterdam -the Emma from Singapore, for Copenhagen-Her Majesty's ship Merlin, from Sheerness forwswtward. Anchored.-Thee Margaret Connell, from Calingapatam for londonthe Hendrika, from Newcastle for -Waples -the Julia, from HartlepoolforGenoa-the Union, from London for Gibraltar-the Hurricane, from London for Hongkong. Report of the bhok Margaret Connell :-Peb. 12, leftloading, to slt in 12 or lit days, the Trafalpr andthe Thomas Dryden ;April 24, exchanged signals woith the ship Monsoon, from Ma=ila, 81 lass out, irn lat. 21 15 B., long. i5 ; April 25, spore the brig liJzabeth and Jacoba, from Batavia for Amsterdam, 63 days out, in lat.- 19 57 S. long. 16 46 W. ; April 26, signaled the bark Java, for Amterdam, 62 days out, in lat. 18 38 ., loag. 35 W.; April 29, paaed St Helena. the above vessels aU at anehor, vith several others, Englsh, Dutchi and American, in all 17 squarerigged; Mayl, the Vine, in company eteering more westerly: May15, spokethe schooner Waterlily, from Singapore for London, out 78 days, in lat. G£1 SIN., long. 2t 3S W.; May 16, Eignaled the brigantine Semiramis, from Alicant foT Antigua inlat. 22 N., long. 36 5W.; Mlay 23, signaledthe ship Trafalgar, in lat. 8 62, long. 38 8V. ; June 16, spoke the Robina Mitchell, from Car cutta for London, 133 days ont, in lat. 13 28 N., long. 19 25W.-the captaindedabout three mouths previonsto theabove; Ja3e l2, exchanged signals with the ship Sarah, from Glasgow forINew Jersey, in lat. 46 30 N., long. l W.; June 21, pased the ship Henry Ware, oX London, in lat. 48 36 N., long. 6 30 IV. JcUuE 25. 9 ans.-Wind, N.W.. fine. Passed- The Henry Gardner, from houltaein-the Prinrce Albert, from Jamaia - the Arlington, from Mrayagiez-the Jaskb, from Alexandria-the Neptune's Bride, frosa North Amenrca-the Temperanen Star, from Oporto-the Sir George Anderson, from lMadra ; all for London-the Oamberlaid, from Alexandria for Hull-the Elise, from Londonfor Legborn-the Ma Frencb, from London for the Ca. nonets. Anchored.-TheGowrie, from Licata forNewcastle. Sailed-AUl the outwardboauud. Noon. --imd, N.W.; flue. - Passed.-TheAvalanche, from London for the Cape of Good Hlopethe Capricorn, from nor.h for westwrard-the H}arbinger, from London for Hobart Town-the Emulons, from London for Swansea. Anchcred.-Tbe Matilda, from London for Trinidald. 2 p.m.-Wind, ESS.W.; fine. No arrivals. Sainad.-The Gowrne, for Newcastle. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, westerly; light. xrrived and Passed.-The Elena, from westward for London-the Lillydale transpert, 7, from Balaklava for Woolwich-Her Mfajesty's gunboat Shamroclk, from the river for the westward-the King Carl Johan, from Frederickshali for Dieppe -the Nicholss, from Hamburig for Port Isabelle. Arivedand Anchored,-The Euphces, from Balaklava for Wool- VrSSE.S SPOKEN Wrn. The bark Concordia, for Milford, and the Young King, for Kyle, both May 22. off Crane Island. Thebark Borcas, of New Ross, bound for Quebec, May 27, off Grand Pord, Gulf of St. Lawrence. The sLip Woodstock, bound west, vith cmigrants, in ]Pt. ro, lorg.29. The Vender l'nlmn, fsom Singapore for Trieste, in lst. 31 S., long. The George. from Canton for Bordeaux., .n lat. 39 N., long. 32W. TheJohn Thomas Carr, from Bombay for Antwecrp, Mcarh1, ina W. 6 I.. long. 82. The French bark Therese,from Axracan for Liverpool, Mra 6, in lat. 4N,long. 22 W. The Sir G. Anderson, from Wadras for london, May 31, in lat. 32 N., lorg. 37W. A bark. No. 7,358 2d distingulising pendant. bfarch 3, in lat. 21 S., loug. 71E. !Aship, of Liverpool, No. 7,012 2d distingUishing ndant, April r, in lr.t. 13 S, long. 9 W. The brig Ariel, April 24 in lat. 9 S., lon,. 14 W. Thir ship Ben Nevis, May 1, in lat. 3 N., long. 221W. The ship Adullam. from Liverpool, May4. The ship Granite City, for Sydacy, New South Wnales. same day. A bark, No. 7,591 2d distinguishing pendAnt, in lat. 8 N., long. 24 W. The bark Henirietta, Juno L in lat. 33 N., long. 36 W. Ti:e chip Snrah, from the Clyde forRew Jersey, June 19, in lat. 46 The Moresfori, from .iverpool for Melbourne, May 7, in lat. 3 N., lo:g. 23 W. The Tiger, for Bombay, I.! ayl7, inlat. 6 N., long. 21 W. The .'dindora, from IAverpool f or Mehurne, s.ame day. RIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. forning .. S1 miu. after 71 Afternocn .. 22 ruin, after 8
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Whileproceeding dovr the river from Westmdinster to London bridge on board the Bridegroom this afternoon I was somewhat alarmied by a large stone falling on deck aboat two feet from where Iwas standing. It nearly strnck a lady, and fell at her side. No one was visible on the shore, so that it mnst, I fancv, have been thrown from some one of the warehouses. Several of tbe pasEengers witnessed the incident, and all agreed tOat it was a most cowardly act. The stone (large enough to have inflicted a most serious injury) was picked no by the disconcerted cabinboy and thrown overboard. It is but a short time since that a correspondent complained in your columns of a similar case, and I can but coincide with his opinion, that if the police were to be rather more wary some of these urchins aight be laid hold of and well punished. Apologizing for thus trespassing on your space, I remain. Sir. vours trulv. A. W. Highbury, June 2.5. - -
TO THE EDIYOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-If you will kdndly permit me to appeal to tho authorities tlhrough your paper inthe following case, I may perhaps meet witlh redress. My late son, WiUiam Harris, of the 2d Battalion of tho RfIle Brigade, was present at the battle of the Ama, and died of cholera on the 7th of October following. I have appled to the War-office for the amount of his effects and for his medal. After filling up various forms, from time to time sent to me, I was told I could not be paid his little balance of 133. Sd. without complying with additional forms, which would have put my other children to an expense in loss of time to probably six times its amount. I wrote to say that I would forego this balance if they would bestow my son's medal upon me; but neither can I obtain this, although several widows (my neighbours) hare long since received theirs, and which I feel to be very hard. I remain, Sir, with great humility, Ytmr n1>pdint servant. TTANNAH HARRIS. Greenford-green, Jiule 25. I I-jRTAGrS IN A_ UNUCENSED CHuRix.-A bill has been brought in by Mr. Massey and Sir G. Gray to render valid certain Insrriages solemnized in the chnrch .-.t East Coatham, in the parish of Eirk Leatham, in the county of York, ander the opinion that, according to the terms of the sentence of consecration of the saia church, mnarriages niht be lawfully solemnized therein. The Lcfliciatag Mnisters are indemnified.
THE BRITISH ARM1Y, Ihe following appeedI n otr Eecond edition of yeserday .-] (fROM O1R SPEC. COBRSPONDE2U.) FOURTH DIVISION CAMP, TrESDAY AFTaRmu0osN, JUSE 10. After the mail left there was a review of the rrench troops riemaining in the Crimea for Lord (lough, and Larshal Pelissier entertained the gallant General, our Commander-in-Chief, and Staff in the evening. A French battery fired a salute as Lord Gough approached, and every mark of respect and attention wras paid to him by the Marshal and by his Staff. It is very evident that our allies are greatly pleased with the honours conferred on them by our Queen, and that. the mode of the investiture has suited their tastes and feelings exactly. Although many of those French officers present were ignorant of the language in vwhich he spoke they felt proud of honours conferred with such grace and warmth by so gallant a veteran. The "plunder" of the Guards' camp this morning is said to have been curious aud in some instances valuable. Brass bedsteads, wine, cigars, various articles of apparel, books, chairs, tables, crockery, and glasses survived the hasty attempts made to destroy or bury them, and have been carried off in great triumph by Tartars and Russians. The Scots Fusileers marched down in good time, notwithstanding the heat and fatigue inseparable from the abominable sirocco which has favoured and fevere uis all for the lhet few days. I regret to hear that an accident occurred to the -8Sth, by which Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell hasbeen hurt, and several men killed and wounded. It is said that, in consequence of some defect in the catch, the capstan flew roiund as the ship was weighing anchor, and the bars strLick down those who -were near with great violence. It is an actual fact that General Codrington did not knowv that this regiment had received orders to embark till he saw them on parade on Sunday morning, and ready to march off to the ship. The General had gone over to the Light Division Camp to see the Rifles before they started, and he was surprised to observe the 88th on parade in heavy marching vrder. On asking the commanding officer why he paraded the men in that manner, he wvas informed that the regiment had received orders to embark. The Odin, towing the London, arrived in Kazatch Bay this morning, and will take home the 23d and 33d Regiments on Friday or Saturday. WEDESDA.Y, iTH. The sirocco still blows. The Light Division is in the throes of dissolution, to the great delight and satisfaction of its component members. To-day the 7th Fusileers and the head-quarters of the 19th marched down to Balaklava, -where they embarked on board the Imperatrix. Of the Fusileers it is impossible to speak too highly; their services and their discipline were most remarkable in every aflidr through. out this war, from Inkermanu down to the fall of the place, and they proved themselves worthy of being led by such men as Yea and Troubridge. This regiment has had six officers killed, and the returns of wounded show 3G officers' names, but several of these have been hit on tvo occasions, and so appear in duplicate. The number put hoi-s de coinbcat in killed and wounded exceeds 400. The 19th regiment has had 24 officers killed and wounded, and about 520 non-commissioned officers and men struck down by the blfflets of the enemy. Lord Gough weent to the Alma to-day, attended by General Codrington and nearly the whole of the Head-Quarters Staff. IHis Lordship clid not return to Bead-quarters, but sailed this evening. Orders have been received to abandon the attempts to remove the huts. They will be left on the ground for the Russians, who wil be delighted to get for nothing what they had offered Ild. a plank for. The Commissariat officers have received instinetions to sell cattle to the officers, or to those who want them. The quantity of property recovered by the Russians in plate and money from the ruins of Balaklava and its environs is greater than could have been supposed. The Chief Priest of Balaklava has succeeded in finding a quantity of chllrch plate and silver spoons, forks, jewelry, and pearls, -which were hid in a well choked up with butcher's offal. The pearls alone were cliscoloured. Another Russian waited on Colonel Hardinge, the Commandant of Balal;ava, and requested leave to look for some things he had left in his house ; and on receiving it he entered the half-rmined mansion, and, removing the stone window-sill, behold ! there was an uron box full of gold and silver, which, he informed the Commandant, u-as the portion of his daughter, who was just about to be married. He said he could not trust his wife, and so he had hidden the money lest she slhould make alway vwith it, and he was delighted beyond measure 'when he got permission to take awaylhis treasure as soon as he had proved his right to it. As the troops are withdrawn from the Crimea the hosts of scounclrels who have hitherto been kept in awe by force of arms begin to exercise their avocation, and theft, robbery, and violence are on the increase on the outskirts of the camps. As Colonel 'alker uwas quietly sketching- the other day near the Fedukhine heights a bullet 'whistled by him, and on looking up he saw the smoke of the discharge, and immediately afterwards observed a Greek running off at a considerable distance over the broken ground, wvhere a horse would have had no chance. Another officer was fired at from one of the deserted French camps on the Tchernaya, as he uvas riding homenward after dark. An oficer of the 19th wvas attacked by four men on the high road from Balal;ava to the front, robbed and beaten, but the patrol came up before the ruffians could commit murder, as they threatened. Horses are stolen wholesale-nine were carried off from the Light Division camp in one night. The French suttlers and canteen people at Kamiesch have been informed by the authorities that the evacuation of the Crimnea must be accomplished by the 5th of July, and that they can receive no protection for their property or themselves if they remain after that date. FRIDAY, 13T11. Another day of sirocco, fever, lassitude, and disgust. -Men take sudden loathings to the Crimea on such days as these, and count the hours eagerly till the time of their departure. How glad they are to hear of every newv ship and of every fresh arrival to take them from this parched, arid, andl "cgcamey" plateau. To-day we hear the Transit has arrived at Kazateli, and that the Adelaide, Jason, Calcutta, Golden Fleece, and Prince Arthur have arrived at Balhaklava. The Rodney and the Qteen were said to be in sight of the Admiral last night, but I could not see them at sunset, and it is likely they beat off shore for the night, as the wind was high and the sea rough. Colonel Mi'Murdo went to Odessa in the Harpy today, with the object, as I imderstand, of ascertaining whether a market could be opened there for the sale of Land Transport animals. It now seems to be definitively arranged that the stores at present at the front in the Commissariat dep6ts shall not be moved, but shall be left as booty to the enemy. The salt meat and biscuit willalone be carried away ancd re-shipped; and, as the orders for taking down the huts deserted by the troops have bee;i rescinded, it is not unlikely that a great quantity of nuteriel of that kind will be abiihdoned to the Russians. One " contractor" made an offer of gigh!ecnience a-piece for such hue.s as were pronounced to be unserviceable, with the view of dispos1ngof the planks in the interior, biit I am not awqxe if his offer has teen accepted. Oneof e reasonsheassignedofor the lowness of his ', er easonshwould be obaiged to bribe the ussian authority with a present of o0 per cents. on the price received from Government for the materials. "The Generals are bad enough, most of them, but as for the Tchinovniks (civil nobility), they are the greatest extortioners and the most corrupt in the world." The officers of the 20th whose names appear in General Orders are twounfortunates, who were celebrating the Queen's birthday at Kadikoi, where there was a camp ball, and they were indiscreet enough to resist the authority of the Provost Marshal with umjustifiable violence and impropriety of language. One hopes they may be kindly dealt with, if kindness be practicable. SATURDAY, JuxsE 14. There was much conviviality in the Light Division camnp last night, and not a few bonfires made their red glares visible in the pale moonlight. The plateau re-echoed with the cheers which denoted the delighlt of those who were so soon to leave it for ever, and all the music remaining in the division was extensively used till late at night, when the revellers were obliged to think of the early parade and the long hot match this morning. Some huts and an immense amount of old clothing and stores were consiumed. Of the 33d Regiment, or, as it is its delight and honour to be called, " The Duke of Wellington's," it can fairly be said that no regiment has more largely shared in the losses, the sifferings, and the hard work of this expedition from the first to the last. At the Alma the 33d were in the centre of the right brigade of the Light Division, and went up the hill right in the teeth of the Half-moon Battery. It is only doing justice to a brave soldier to recall the fact here, that the gallant Donovan, of this reginent, captured one of the two guns taken by us on that memorable day. He wrote his name on it when he entered the intrenchment, but the regiment was not able to remain inside the parapet, owing to the masses of Russian infantry moved down against their diminished numbers, and the gun was relinquished for the time, and was recaptured by the Guards when they came up in support, and Captain Donovan's name was stil visible upon it. Five officers rest in the Crimea, and no less than 25 officers have been wotunded and put hors de comibat during the campaign. Their losses in the field by wounds and death exceed 500, and the number who succumbed to disease must amounit to nearly as many. They were in the trenches on the day of the attack on the Quarries (the 7th of June), and they were engaged in both assaults on the Redan. The 23d Welsh Fusileers, by its distinguished gallantry and its enormous losses, has been rendered very conspicuous throughout this campaign. It has lost more officers in action than any other regiment, and has not missed any of the great actions of the war. To Mlajor Bell, of the 23d, belongs the honour of having captured the first Russian gun inside the redoubt at the Alma, and it is generally caUed " Bell's gun." They have had upwards of 30 officers put 7ters de combat, 11 of whom were killed, and have had more than 700 non-commissioned officers and privates killed and wounded. The 42d Regiment (Royal Highlanders) marched down this morning from the camp at Kamarm, to embark at Balaklava, and the orders given to tlle 7 -th were countermanded. T'hey will sail to-morrow. The remaining men of the Light Division are now. busily engaged in constructing out of the delfiris of their camp two enormous bonfires, to be lighted this evening, in the rear oflthe Victoria Redoubt. The troop of Royal Horse ArtiMlery will embark in the Golden Fleece, and the Small Arms Brigade, Royal Artillery, in the Jason, for England, this afternoon. The 34th Regunent, which has seen some very trying service during the siege, also left the Light Division camp this morning. Although this regiment was not engaged at either Alm a or Inkermaun, it has lost no less than 22 offlcers killed and wounded, and has had nearly 400 men ldlled and wounded. Its losses on the 18th of June, when it furnished the storming party led by Colonel Yea of the 7th, were very great. The Severn will take down the sick and the women and children of the army to-day, and various detachments will sail in the Thames, probably this afternoon.
CSTOLERA AND THE WATER SUPPLY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIDIES. Sir,-I shall be obliged if you will allow me to make a few remarks on the! report of Mr. Simon to the Board of Health, which forms the subject of a leading article in Tlv Tintes of to-day. This report, although valuable in some respects, contains, from the nature of it, only an approximation to the truth. The population supplieed with the impure water of the Southwark and Vauxhall Company suffered a mortality from cholera in the late epidemic not merely three and a half times as great as that supplied by the Lambeth Company, but six times as great; and even this fact expresses the influence of the impure water in an inadequate manner, unless the different periods of the epideniic are considered separately. The inquiry which supplies the matter for Mr. Simon's report was not an original one undertaken during the epidemic, but an additional investigation made under very disadvantageous circumstances after the epidemic was over. Early in the epidemic of 1854 I commenced a personal inquiry respecting every death from cholera which occu-red in the districts in which the water supply of the above companies is intermixed. For the first four weeks of the epidemic I was furnished with the list of deaths published in the weekly returns of the Registrar-Generar, and for tle next three weeks I was permitted to copy the addresses at the General Register-office. During the succeeding ten weeks which the epidemic continued the lRegistrar-General obtained from the district registrars a return of the water supply ofthe houses in which fatal attacks of cholera took place. The results were as follow:-In the first four weeks of the epidemic the deaths from cholera were 14 times as numerous among the population supplied with the impure ! water of the Southwark and Vauxhall Company as among that supphed with the better water of the Lambeth Company, taking into account the respective number of these populations. In the next three weeks the mortality was 7T times as great, and in the last ten weeks of the epidemio nearly five times as great in one population as the other, or, taking the whole epidemic, the difference was as 6 to 1. The relative mortality increased during the progress of the epidemicamongthe customers ofthe lambeth Company just as it increased in the north and central districts of London, which were supplied with water which did not contain any of those impurities which take part in the propagation of cholera. This circumstance can be explained when the other causes which assist in the propagation of the disease are taken into account as well as the water. The inquiry conducted by Dr. Farr, of the General Register-office, and myself referred to the houses in which the fatal attacks took place; hat of Mxr. Simon refers to the houses in which the deaths occurred, but, as many persons fatally attacked in houses supplied by the Southwark Company were removed before death to Lambeth Workhouse and other buildings supplied with water by the Lambeth Company, the latter mode of inquiry does not afford a correct result of the influence of the water. The results of my inquiry were publishedbriefly in the Medical Times of September the 2d and October the 7th, 1854, and those of the General Registeroffice in the weekly returns of October and November, 1854. Boththese sets of results can be shown to harmonize witn the amount of mortality in the respective sub-districts,while those of Mnr. Simons's inquiry do not. The mortality from cholera in the autumn of 1853 is included in the tables of Mr. Simon's report, but that ought not to affect the result, for the deaths at that time were few, and took place, like those in the commencement of the epidemic of 1849, almost exclusively among the population supplied with water by the Southwark and Vauvxhall Company. I should like to say, in conclusion, that many other diseases, besides cholera, can be shown to be aggravated by watercontaining sewage, and that since the Southwark nater Company has obtained a supply ahusost equal in puritytothatof theLambeth Company the mortality of the souath districts of London lias greatly diminished. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. I JO FT?l kWAIA7 h£.D. I 18, Sackville-street, June 2.5.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIIES. Sir,-Having been informed tilat a person presents himself here and there usingmy name, in order to obtain money fronm the people who have sympathized with me on my escape from the Anstrian duntgeon of blantua, I shall feel very much obliged to you if you will pablish this letter in your payer to warn the public against this imposition. have the honour to be your obedient servant. 1RP..Tfr,T (PT\tTT 46, Warwick-street, Regent-street, June24. A " PRivrAT HINT.-To sliow the relative position in life of members of yeomanry corps, the following anecdote may bo cited :-A regiment in the north, recently on permanent duty, were going through their movements, when a private notsuiting his sergeant, the latter bawled o-at, "P rivate Jackson, if you don't pay more attention I shall report you." The private rejomed. ' Aye, din it if thou dar, an aw'll raise the' thy rent." The effect may be imagined.- Crli,31clowrnal.
IAYAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCB. It is understooathat the French Government contemplate distributing the traffic of the projected French Transatlantic line of steamships between the ports of Havre, Nantes, Bordeaux, and Marseilles. If this arrangement be carried out it wi be most advantageous for the interests of the Royal Mil Compmy and other English lines, as the removal of the traffic to such distant continental ports will diminish much of the traffic which would be drawn to the French service were the ships to depart from the port of Havre alone, so near as it is to Paris and convenient for the North of Europe. The steam-transport Brenda, Captain G. C. Smith, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning, from Constantinople, June 5; Malta, llth; Gibraltar, 17th, with Lieutenant-Colonel T.W. MUMahon, C.B. ; Captain R. T. Godman, Lieutenants T. 1, Hampton and W. F. Richards, Cornet and Adjutant J. Hayes, Quartermaster G. W. Bewley, Paymaster G. T. Ricketts, Surgeon W. G. Trowsdell, Veterinary-Surgeon S. Constant, 17 sergeants, 166 men, one servant, three women, and 61 horses of the 5th (Princess Charlotte, of Wales's1 Dragoon[Guards; also Major Harrison, Captain Cowell, 8 sergeants, and 137 menlof the 10th (Prince of Wales Own Royal Regiment of Light) Dragoons (Hussars). On the 18th instant, off Cape St. Vincent, the Brenda spoke the screw steam-transport Harbinger, and on the 19th, off the Burlings, the screw steam-transport Hydaspes. The Brenda went into Portsmiouth harbour yesterday noon to disembark her troops. Her Majesty's steam-friate Centaur, 6, Captain Clifford, C.B., left Spithead in the night of Tuesday for Gibraltar, to assist homeward bound troop-ships through the Gut. The Kangaroo steam-transport went into Portsmouth har. bour on Tuesday night and landed her troops, Royal Horse Artillery, yesterday. The batteries were horsed and taken to the railway station by the troop of Horse Artillery stationed at Hilsea cavalry depOt, near Portsmouth. The Euphemus transport left Spithead on Tuesday evening for Woolwich, to discharge ordnance stores. Her Majesty's steam despatch-vessel Sparrowhawk, Commander Cresswell, left Spithead yesterday afternoon for the eastward. The steam-tender Avon, Second-Master Palmer, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from Plymouth with supernu. meraries, and after discharging them left on her return with others. Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard Saunders Dundas, K.C.B., struck his fhag on hoard Her Majesty's ship Duke of Wellington, 131, Captain Caldwell, C.B., yesterday, and went on leave. The steam-transport Hydaspes, No. 87, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the East, with the V and T field-batteries of Royal Artillery (187 non-commissioned officers and men, and 200 horses). The following officers also came in her :-Colonel Morris; Majors Wood, Mowbray, rEstrange, and Turner; lieutenants Ravenhill, Dyer, Tweedie, and Whynyates; Assistant-Surgeon Tar. rant; and Veterinary-Surgeon Lord-all of the Royal Artillery; Colonel Bent, Royal Engineers; Captains the Hon. W. F. Forbes, and J. B. B. Coulson, of the Grenadier Guards; Captain W. O'B. Taylor, of the 18th Regiment; Lieutenant M'Leod, of the 42d; Assistant-Surgeon White, of the 47th; and Captain Lyall, of the transport service. The Hydaspes experienced strong headwinds from Gibraltar; she will disembark her troops this morning. Commander Henry Lloyd, of 1854 (late of the Wasp), took up his commission on Tuesday at Sheerness as Commander to Captain Halsted, for duty on board the Formidable, pro temn. in charge of she steam reserve squadron at that port. Captain Halsted and his officers are ts occupy the Pembroke, 60 guns, screw steamship (now in command of Captain George H. Symour, C.B.), on her return to Sheerness, which ship will be rated as the steam reserve guardship at that port. Tho Seagull gunboat, Lieutenant-Commnander Ward, left Sheerness yesterday for Stornaway (Scotland), to join the Porcupine, 3, paddlewheel steamvessel, lieutenantCommander George M. Balfour, for surveying purposes on that coast. The gunboat Shamrock, Lieutenant Commander Charles Bullock-, left Sheerness yesterday for Kingstown, Ireland, for the purpose of completing the deep water soundings off the south coast there. Captain George Alexander Frazer is apcointed to conduct the surveys. The Shamrock is also ordered to proceed to Wexford, for the purpose of talking soundings to the approaches to that port. Mr. Abraham J. A. Parks, master (late serving on board the Ilustrious, 26 guns, training ship at Portsmouth), took up his commission to the Acorn, 12 guns, sailing sloop, Captain A W. A. Hood, on Tuesday, and joined her at Sheerness the same evening. The Acorn left for Plymouth yesterday afternoon. The Firefly, four guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Commander George F. Day, is ordered to be inspected by the Commander-in-Chief, and to leave Sheerness on Saturday for the West Coast of Africa. She is to call at Plymouth and to convey the mails thence, on the 3d of July, to Sierra Leone. Some delay has been occasioned in the shipment of the Niger's ammunition in consequence of defects having been discovered in her timbers on her arrival at Greenhithe. A number of shipwrights were despatched from Woolwich dockyard, with directions to hasten her departure with the utmost speed. It is expected that she will be ready for sea to-morrow. The Government transport East Anglian, having discharged her heavy ordnance stores at Woolwich, is about to embark platforms, gun-carriages, and armament for Cliffs-end, Isle of Wight. The Farewell, ordnance schooner, has arrived at Woolwich with light war stores from Portsmouth for the depot at Woolwich, and some shot and shell for Chatham. The Sydney went down to Woolwich yesterday morning from Deptford to discharge 5,000 shot, the remainder of har cargo from the East. Mr. Quallett, principal veterinary surgeon attached to the Turkish Contingent, arrived in the Sydney in charge of the horses belonging to Generals Vivian, Shirley, and Conynghame, and other officers. The horses were landed, without a single exception, remarkably fresh and well. The Sydney experienced some heavy squaUs during the voyage. The sailing transport Belgravia arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning with a heavy cargo of shot and shell and 250 guns from the East. The Melbourne sailed from Woolwich yesterday, having been paid out of the service. A banquet worthy the occasion is in course of preparation at Woolwich, to be given by the officers of the Royal Artillery to Major-General Sir William Wiliams, of Kars, who is appointed to the post of Commandant of Woolwich Garrison, in the room of Major-General Whinyates, who has resigned. The formal instaUation of General Wiliams will take place on the 4th of July, the day following his reception at dinner. General Dixon, R.E., paid a visit to the garrison yesterday morning, and was most cordially greeted. A circular memorandum has been addressed to the officers commanding regiments and depOts at home and abroad, explanatory of that of the 4th of April, regarding the admission of non-commissioned officers to clerkships in the War Department. The subjoined are passages from the document, which is dated the 9th inst.:- " 1. On account of the peculiar knowledge required from candidates for clerkships in the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich and the manufacturing branches of the War Department, it has for the present been decided that non-conunissioned officers from the Royal Artillery and Royal Sappers and Mners alone shall be admitted as competitors for admission to those establishments, while non-commissioned officers of the line wiU be admitted as candidates for clerkships in the store department at out stations. " 2. In all cases a candidate must not exceed 40 years of age, and he wil not be admitted without bringing a good character from his late commanding officer, and a certificate from a medical officer showing that he is of unimpaired health and competent to discharge his duties. " 3. Candidates must apply by letter to the principal clerk, War Department, Pall-mall, who will keep a book in Iwhich the names of applictants will be recorded, and when vacancies arise there wiU be, on days appointed by the Secretary of State for War, a competing examination tc which such candidates wiUl be admitted. " 4. The competing examination will be conducted by the Civil Service Commissioners, and wiU embrace the subjects mentioned in the annexed statements, A and B. 5. The scales of pay are fixed at the following rates viz., Royal Arsenal :-Non-commissioned officers of Artillery and Sappers and Miners, established clerks, 1001. per annum, increasing to 1501. by 51. annually; temporary clerks, 801. per annum, without increase. Store D)epartment, out-stations.:-Non-commissioned officers of theline, established clerks, 901. per annum, increasing to 1401. by ol. annually; temporary clerks, 801. per annum without increase. " 6. To prevent disappointment, it is desirable candidates should understand that, in consequence of the reduction resnlting from the re-establishment of peace, but few vacancies-can be expected to occur for the present. " Statementof tho subjects for the entrance examination of non-commissioned officers of the Royal Artillery and Royal Sappers and Miners as clerks in the Royal Arsenal and Manufacturing Departments:- "1. A good clear handwriting. "2. A knowledge of the ordinary rules of arithmetic, combined with some quiclness at figures. The common mretals being bought and sold by Avoirdupois weight, a knowledge of that table is especially necessary. "Candidates must be able to measure timber, or, when the dimensions are given, to find the solid contents; they must also know the specific gravities of the more common metals-such as iron, copper, lead, tin. "3. Correspondence. "4. Candidatesmust know andbe familiar with the distinguishing characteristics of the various materials which nre mrtch used in the service, and the mode of computation employed in commerce for each, whether by weight or measurement. "In each of these particulars it is necessary that they pass a satisfactory examination." After enumerating the woods and metals most commonly used as materials, the circular conolades with the annexed statement of the subjects of examination of non-commissioned officers of the line as clerks in the store department at out-stations - " ^good clearhandwriting. "2. A knowledge of the ordinary rules of arithmeEic, including fractions, with quickness at figures. "3. The power of writing a letter grammatically, with reasonable rapidity." The following circular memorandum has just been issued to officers commanding regiments of infantry and their depots "Horse-Guards, June 10. "It being intended ultimately to arm all sergeants of infantry with the new pattern short rifle with sword bayonet, commanding officers of regiments and depGts are enjoined to cause the greatest care to be taken of the rifled muskets pattern 1853, which, as a temporary measure, may be issued to the sergeants, and that they suffer no marks to be placed on these arms but such as will render them stil available for supply to the same corps, if hereafter required for increased effectives. "By command, "G. A. WETHERALt, Adjutant-General." dieutenant-General Lord Rokeby, K.C.B., recently in command of the First Division of the army in the Crimea, arrived in town yesterday from the East, rid Marseiles, and reported himself at the Horse-Guards. Lady Rokeby went to meet the gallant general on his reaching France. The authorities at the War-office have it in contemplation to augment the strength of the dep6t of the medical staff corps, now stationed at St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham, by the addition of 500 men, and to appoint an officer of the rank of lieutenant-colonel to command the corps. This arrangement, it is inderstood, will take place early in the ensuing month. The whole of those non-commissioned officers belonging to rogiments of the line who have been doing duty with the militia, and who have not been placed on the permanent staff of that force, have received orderstoreturmto theirrespective depots at the provisional battalion, Chatham, on the dis, embodiment of the various militia regiments, in order that they may complete their periods of service to enable them to receive pensions. The non-commis ioned officers, belongimg to the various dep6ts of the provisional battalion who were employed as hospital orderlies at the Military Hospital, Scutari, have joined their dep6ts at Chatham barracks, having been released by the draughts of the Medical Staff Corps. The Rev. J. A. P. Linskill has been appointed chaplain of the military prison Fort Clarence, Rochester, vice the Rev. J. H. Stimson, who has been appointed chaplain of the military prison, Weedon. The Earl of Carlisle has appointed Captain CharlesFrazerof the 7th Hursars, extra aide de-camp to his Excellency. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- J. W. G. D. Damer, midshipman, to the Flying-fish; E. C. Mangan, midshipman, to the Tribune; H. L. Barker, midshipman to the Tribune; John G. Prewin, second master, to the Victory; James E. Fawcett, acting-assistantsurgeon, to the Acorn; Edward O'Connell, acting-assistantsurgeon, to the Waterloo; William R. Bennett, actingassistant-surgeon, to the Tribune; lRobert Ferguson, actingassistant-surgeon, to the Perseverance.
IRELAND. (FRiOM OUTR Owlq fO R) DIUBLIN, WEDOZSDAY MIOMIXG. RUMOtURED ROYAL VISIT. The annual rumour of an autumnal Royal visit to Ireland is revived (in print) this morning. The' occasion of this unexpected honour, it is said, is a desire on the part of Her MIajesty to take leave of the Irish Militia previous to the disembodiment of the force, " on a grand Emilita-ry spectacle sinpassing anything of the kind that has yet been attempted in this country." The Curragh, of course, is to be the scene of the anticipated display,. and, in order to give every possible effect to the Royal review, the various regiments now stationed there, will be reinforced by a battalion of the Scots Fusileer Guards, four troops (1) of Horse Artillery, and several companies of Foot Artillery, now forming part of Dublin garrison. The whole of the Irish militia, it is added, will be disbanded immediately afterwards-that is, early in the month of September. VICEREGAL VISIT TO LDBERICK. The Limerick Observer states that Lord Carlisle will arrive in that city on the 9th of July. On the day following he will inaugurate the opening of the Furness Railway; on Friday, he will receive the addresses of the'corporation and the other public bodies, and visit the leading public institutions. It is further announced that his Excellency will be entertained at a public dinner during his sojourn, eitner on the Wednesday or Thursday of the week following. EMIGRATIOIN FROM THE SOUrTH. The nunber of persons who left the port of Cork for England on their way to the United States and the colonies, since the Ist of June up to the present is 872, and the number who left during tlhe corresponding period last year was 945, being a decrease of 73. Though small in itself the decline, taken in conjunction with the continued and steady decrease that has taken place for some time past, not only from the south, but from the other Irish ports, is regarded as a cheering indication of a better state of things and of a healthier tone of the home labour market. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. for account, 8th of July, 94 f; *rNew Three per Cent. Stock, 941. Railway Debentures.-Dublin and Kingstown, Four per Cent. of 1001., 9sA; National Bank of Ireland, 221. 10s. paid, 35; Royal Banli of Ireland, 101. paid, 21; Dnblin and Glasgow Steam Company, 451. paid, 401; Wicklow Copper 3lne, 51. paid, 28. :ailways. -Dublin and Belfast Jnnction, 451. paid, 441; Dublin and Wicklow, 101. paid, 661; Ditto for account, 661; Great Southern and Western Four per Cent. Preference (paid in full) 201., 191; Killarney Junction, 101. paid, 9~ div.- lwioand Great Western and Royal Canal, 501. paid, 57; dittp, for Account, 52; ditto, Half Shares, 251. paid, 25IQ Waterford and 8ilkenny, 201. paid, 41; ditto, New, 61. per cent. Preference, 41. 10s. paid, 2i; Waterford and Limenck 501. paid, 22 ; ditto, Five per Cent. Preference, 501. paid, 45.
UNIVERSITY IATELLIGENCE. OA=RMT Tr,. TTim'v 9- The Vice-Chancellor appoints Saturday next, June 28, for Thomas Jackson Nunis, of St. John's College; and Monday next, June 30, for Ds. Charles Stuart Calverley, of Christ's College, to recite their prize essays. The Vice-Chancellor also appoints Tuesday next, July 1, for Oswald William Wallace, of Emmanuel College, to recite his English poem for the Chancellor's Medal ; for Herbert Snow, of: St. John's College, to recite his exercise for the Camden Medal; for Charles Stanwell, of St. Johns College, to recite his Greek, ode, for Herbert Snow, of St. John's College, to recite his Latin ode, andI for Edwin Charles ClarLk, of Trinity College, to recite his epigrams, for Sir William Browne's Medals; and the same day for Arthur Holmes, of St. John's College, to recite his exercise for the Porson Prize. The Vice-Chancellor also gives notice that at St. Mary's Church, after the sermon on Snxday morning, an anthem, by Professor W. S. Bennett, will be performed, as an exercise for the degree of Doctor of Mlusic.
THEB SITE FOR A NEW LVATIO.N'AL,. GALLBRY. The following papers were pub e-d day- ' No. 1. "Treasury Minute-April 25, 1856. "My Lords have under their consideration the subject of providing a site for ainew National Gallery, and they have before them the reports which have been made, and tha correspondence which has passed on the subject. "T hey particularly advert to the proceedings which lel to the grant by Parliament, in 1S52, of the sum of 150,0004 towards defraying the purchase of land at Kensington. gore for institutions connected with science and art, and to the proceedings relating to the further Parliamentarygrant, in 154, of 27,5001. to enable the Commissionersfortho Eshibition of 1851 to complete the purchase of the Gore. lane estate. "They also read the minute of this board of the 15th. February, 1853, defining the conditions on which lands at. Kensington-gore should be held by those commissioners, is which it was prescribed that, in order to secure inity of action over the lands purchased partly out of the funds atthe disposal of the commissioners, and partly out of money granted by Parliament, the legal title in those lands should he vested in those commissioners - but that those landsshould at the same time be held by them ' subject to suclh directions of appropriation as shall from time to time ba issued bythis board in respect to such part thereof not e:-° ceeding one moiety, as shall, by agreement betwveen thiss board and the Royal Commissioners, be set apart for such institutions connected with science and art asn are more immediately dependent upon and supported by the Government from funds voted by Parlia. ment.' On the other hand, the minute contained the reservation, that before any such buildings shall be erected at the. public expense, the Royal Commissioners shall bave afforded to them an opportunity of submitting to this board their objections, if any should occur to them, to what may be proposed in respect to such buildings, by wbich arrangement it was observed a joint superintendence of a beneficial character would be secured to the public over the whole. In pursuance of the arrangement provided in thatt minute, an act of Parliament was passed in 185l4 continuing the commissioners as a corporate body for the purposes ot the act, and giving them certain powers for acquiring lands,. "Mytacin roads, and for other purposes. Lords advert to that o oft e report of he Select. Committee of the House of Commons on the =National Gallery in 1853 which relates to the selection of a site for that institution. " The committee, after adverting to four plans which badl been proposed for building a Mational Ga ery on sites irt K:ensngton-gardens or Hyde Park, or their neighbourhood, observed, with respect to the proposal which had been madeby theRoyal Commissioners for appropriating to that object the upper or northern extremity of the ground purchasedc by them in Kensington-gore, that if objection to the appro. priation of any Portion of the parks to these purposecshould be found to be insuperable, an alternative remainecl in the offer of the estate inKensingtou-gore; and the report. concluded with the resolution ' that uner these circum. stances your committee are prepared to recommend the. acceptance of this offer as the site of a new National Gallery.' " Viscount Palmerston states to the board that, after full consideration of the subject, Her Majesty's Government. have come to the conclusion that the proposed site at Ken. sington-gore willon the whole be the most advantageous that can be selected for the Nlational Gallery, and Her Majesty's Government will therefore be prepared to taka the necessary measures for carrying that arrangement into effect. It oppears, however, to Her Majestys Government. to be essential that, before proceedings are tkcen with a. view to the erection of a public building for this pu2rpose, the site should be vested m the Goverument. under whosae immediate control all matters connected with the National Gallery are placed. " Lord Pamerston, therefore, suggests tothe board thaf,' referringtothepreviouscorrespondence, and especially tc> the arrangement sanctioned by the minute of the 15th of' Febrmary, 1853, a letter should be addressed to the Royal Commissioners for the purpose of ascertaining whether they will be prepared to convey to the Government a site at Ken. sington-gore suficient for the erectionof aNational Galler, with suitable approaches and wzith a sufficient surrounding: space, reauesting that if the commissioners are prepared to do so, they will report to this board the precise boundaries. of the space which they will agree to give usp for this object; and that the commissioners should be informed that HerM1ajesty's Government, on receiving satisfactory assurancees on this point from them, will cause a bill to be introduced into Parliament vestig such site in the Commissioners o£ Public Works in trust for the proposed object, and subject. to such conditions as may be considered advisable." "No. 2. "Copy of a Letter from James WVilson, Esn., to the RoyaZ Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851. " L Treasury Chambers, April 30. c Sir, my Lords and Gentlemen,-I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to request, with reference to the previous correspondence relative to the selection of a site for a new National Gallery, and especialy to tho arrangemcnt sanctioned by the minute of this board, dated the 15th of Feb. rary, defining the conditions on which lands afKensington-gore should be held by you, that you will inform theirLordships whether you will be prepared to convey to the Government a site at Kensington-gore suffi. cient for the erection of a National Gallery, with suitable approaches and a ,sufficient surrounding space, and that, ifso, you will report to this department the precise boundaries of the space which you will be prepared to give up for this object. I have to acquaint you that on receiving satisfactory assurance on this point from you Her Majesty's Government will cause a bill to be prepared with a view to itS introduction intoParliament, vesting such site in the Commissioners of PuLblic Works in trnst for tho proposed objectrl and subject to such conditions as may be considered adviseable. "I am, &c., " JAS. WILSOY. "The Royal Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851." i" No. 3. "Copy of a letter from Mr. EdgarA. Bowring to the Secrei tary to the lreasury. I" Palace of Westminster, May 5. "Sir,-I am directed bv Her Majesty's Commissionerg for the Exhibition of 1851 to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ult., requesting to be informed, with reference to previous correspondence relativetothe selection of a site for a new National Gallery, and especially to tho arragememnt sanctioned by the Treasury minute of the 15thz of February, 1853, defining the conditions upon which thel lands at Kensington-gore should be held by Her Majestys Commissioners, wehether the commissionrs will be prepared to convey to the Government a site at Kensington-gora sufficient for the erection of a National Gallery, with suitable approaches and a sufficient surrounding space, and if so, what are the precise boundaries of the space whiclh they will be prepared to give up for this object, and adding that, on receiving satisfactory assurances on this point, Her Majesty's Government will cause a bill to be prepared with a view to its ntroductien into Parliament, vesting ssuch site in the Commissioners of Public Works in trust for the prod posed object, and subject to such conditions as may be conJ sidered advisable. "In reply, I am directed to acquaint you, for the infor; mation ofthe Lords of the Treasury, that Her Majesty'g Commissioners are prepared, in conformity with theirLord. ships' proposal, to give up so much of the Kensington-gord estate as may be required for the site of the new National Gallery, with suitable approaches and a sufficient surround. ing space, to the intent that it may be vested in the: Comn missioners of Public Works in trust for the proposed object, such portion of the estate to be taken from the main block lying within the great boundary roads, as shown in thel accompanying map of the estate. "With reference to their Lordships' request to be in formed as to the precise boundaries of the space which Her Majestys Commissioners will be prepared to give up for the purpose, I am to add that, in the absence of more vrecise information ag to the nature and extent of the building in' tended to be erected, they can only declare their readinese to plaoe at the disposal of Her Majesty's Governmnent so much of the main block above referred to as moay be needed for the fll and complete execution of any plan for the erection of the National Galery that may be subsequentlS decided upon by Her Majesty's Government. "Ihave, &c., "EDGAR. BOWRING, ",The Secretay to the Treasury."
SAT.S BY AUCTION. At the Mart, To-morrow. for ALE,at te Mrt. o-morow at Z wilbe offered in the followI.Nothamtonhire-TheAdvweonendNext Presentation to the 2. Doinic.-TheLondnderr andFincstle Estates. 3. Efol, Mddlsex.Frehol Reidece, known as Clay-hill Log,whplesu graunds, garden, offices, andmscadow b-indl. 4. Durhasn-Freehold FEstates, situate in the township of Newsham and parish of Egglescliffo, conitaining upwards of 700 acres, in two lots. 5. Kent.-Fre,thold E-states. Manors, and Advowson. situate in the parishes of Kingsnortb, Shadoxhurst, WVarohorn, and Orleston, containing about 1,100 acres, inI5 lots. Old Eroad-street. The Taiuable Contents of Limoe-grove. Puiney, tho property of the late Sir John and Ladly St. Aubyn. MESSRS. WINSTANLEY have received directions from the Executors to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, next month, the wvhole of the HEOUSEfLOLD FURNITURE, and orr,amental Effects of this spc.sMansion the linen, wines, plato and platedlarticles jewels and tikt,icuigamgiietadcsl diamond necklace, withfstars and ear-rings, antique and other rings set withprecous tone. coicesnuf-boxs, mrbl busts, coDllecption of brones,minral, sells an Etuscn wre,pictures t-y ancient and medrn astrs anextnsve ibrryof enealand miscellaneous litratre,a cllctin o rae pins ilusratveof the works of enigraersfro te erlistperod,po~trits Ialia prints, early wood- oil Paintingso a highly speculative character, 500 volumes of Bones, smal sokof Cigars, large lVaInut-tree Chest inlaid with marqneterie. &c. liiiR. E. THOMAS will SELL by AUCTION, at ILhis Gallery. 35, Leicester-square, THIIS EVENING (Thursday), June 213. at 6. 500 volumes of BOOKS, prints, ancient and modern paintings, carved and other frames, eivewlery. wearing apparel, boots and shoes, cigars, he On view,and cataloguesbhadat the rooms, Early Sale.-28, Chancery-lane.-Household Furniture, WVearing Ap- parel, and Personal Effects. 1iR. C. FURBER wil SELL by ATTCTION, at 211 the rooms. 28 Chancery-lane, To-morrowv, Juno 27th, at 10 for II, the FURtNITURE of a sanall house, and also the new fittings of a gentleman's cliambers; including Brussels and ether carpets, sets of mnahoganly dining, ico. and ether tables, secretairo bookcase, chimneygt%ssses, capitat ebambher requisites, and numerous effects may ho viewed the day prior and morning of sale, and catalogues had at the auction rooms; and at the auction offices, Warwick-court, Gray's-inn, No. 5, Hug-satreet-west, Eccleston-square, Pimslico, Gen-teel Furuiturd and Effects. irR. GEO. GOTULDSMITH w,ill SELL by AUC- M1. T10ON. as above, on Tuesday, July 1. at 1 precisely, comprsn FOUR-POST, Iron, and other BEDSTEADS and BEDDING, ward robe, chests of drawvers, and bed chamber appendages, set of eigh dining chaira easy chairs, chimney glasses, walnut tree, IGO, and othet tables; cottage pianloforte in rosewood case, prints, bronze chande- r tiers, china and glass, and effects, On viewv day prior and morningof sale Catalogues had on the premises, and, at the auctioneer's offices, 3. Plont-street, Belgrave-square, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. No. 22. Park-road, Regent's-park.-Genuine Furiur,Pinigs n gravings, walnut Pianoforte, Wines, &e. WVBOOTH will SELL, on the Premises, 22, Park- . roadopposite Hlanover-cate,To-morrow, June 27 at 12 o'cloclc, the nearly new entire FURNITURE, rosewood and masogany sutites, Brassels carpets, glasses, beds, bedsteads, clean bedding, &e. O vl]iiew Thursday and maoming of sae, Catalogues had at Booth's homse agency and auction offices, 27, Plortland-terrace, and 22, Abbey-road, St. John's-wvosd. The villatobholet at£751per annum, and the furmiture may ho purchased privately before the 25th inst. 1, Cavendish-road, Wandsworth-road.-The genuine Stocit-in-Trade, e-xcellent Fixtures. Fittings, and Effects of a Grocer, Cheesemsonger, and Oilman.-Absolute Sale, by order of the Proprietor, who is relixnquishing the bussness on account of illihealth. M~JESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- -_ - TION. on the Premises, as above,TH03 DAY. June 26. atl12 for 1 precisely, 311 lots of the genuine well-selected STOCK,. together with the superior fixtures and hitting-s of a gro_cer, cheesemonger, and oilman. May be viewed the day prior and morning of sale, and cainlogiies had on the premises; at the auctioneers? offies, 18, Hattongarden ; and at their Sale Rooms, 44. Farringdon-street, city. Wigmnore-street.--To Watch andaClock Makcers Jewellers, and others. MRf . EDWARD LUM'LEY will SELL byAU iLTION. on the Plremises, No. 55, Wi more-street. Caensh square. To-morrow, Juane 27. at 12 for 1. the STOCK in TEA-DE of a WATCH and CLOCK MANUFACTURER, consisting of auout 150 clocks in eight-day pendulum, American, office Dutch, bracket, and other clocks, severalbandsome drawing room clocks, five barometers, four musical boxes, several gold and silver watches, gold and saver chains, and ether articles of jewelery, office fittings, iron safe, few lots of furniture and effects. May be viewed, and ciataloguesha at Mr. Edwrard Luniles's auction offices, 67, Chan`ery-lane,- Capial Husesetf Furitue Pinofotesand Effects.. RLattheir Rooms, 2.l'ora-tet nMna,Jn1,a 2 superior HOUSEHOL FUNTR cmritg ahanfopost and other bdtasmaoaycetofdar,bdromfurniture, Spanish mahoaywrob,rsodIo,ing,lrr, and othertalsmaoayadrswofrmchishndoe Spanish mahgn ieor,toctaepaoots 7otv,and numerous ote tm.O iwStra n onn fsl,and catalogues had at the auctine' fie,2,ltogt-tet iy A alu eFreehold Tithe-fe Estate, Situt wihnarn ec,in the parishes of rafd,S.Jh.andBroLaier inth county of Northamtn-yM.TOA tVS al in the month of Au"ntnx ~HE Esatcie consists of a Farm-house, situate in the Tvilage of Cranford, with convenient homesteads and farm-promises, and a compact farm, containing about 167 acres of very superior turnip, corn, anud pasture land, now in the occupation of a highly reepectable tenant, Detaieledpr=ticulars will appear in future advertisements, and furthe inomtion maybe obtained on application to Mlr. Lamsh, solicitor. Kettering. Mlonthly Sale of PictrsadDaig ymdr rit,teoii nality of whcwilhgurnedtthprhars s Rooms,this 21 Old Bondsre,o hrsa,Jl ,a 1 precisely, and wl nld specimesbth unr-niod artusts: Blromley Lewis Shayer ThomPson Gil Mtorris Stothard, Rt,A. Urquhart Jones Mogford Simnmons Vickera Ladell Oliver flyer Webb iLeslie Russell Taylor Williams, &o. Mlay be viewed two days prior, andt catalogules had. Lease of Coachmak,er's Peie n tc nTae 14R. G. JEMNIMET? isistructed by the proprietor AlI to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuiesday, July 1, on the Plremises, 5. Cambridge-place, Hackney-road, the LEASE, at a very low rent, of the eligibly situate BUSINESS PREMISES, with the Stock in Trade, comprising driving, cab, and park phactons, dog carts, he,, a la~rge variety of perambulators, endsa few lots of furniture. The premises may be viewedat any time, and thee stock-one day previous to the sale; and particulars antd catalogues hadin due course of Jehn Vincent, Esq., solicitor, 4, Inner Temple-lane, Temple ; on the premises ; and of the auctioneer, carriage bazaar, King-stseet. Portmau-equare. Cheltenham. Glocestershire. JPORD and SON will SELL by AUCTIOIN, at the X' leee Htel Cheltenham, on Tuesday. July 1. at 1 for 2, in Six lt,the following valuable suit truly desirable COPYHOLD PROPERtTY --Fouir well-built Private Residences, being Nos. 8. 9, 10. and 11. M,ontpeliers treet, a fashionable part of the town of Cheltenham. Also a comfortable Dwelling-house and Prembses,No. 14,Prory terrace, a respectable and improving neighbourbooed; and a convenient Dwelling-house and Premises. No. 20, G5reat Norwood-street. The wvhole ltt at £1I72 per annum. Particulars and conditions of rule may be had at the Aucetion Idart,London; of Messrs. Urch and Seabright,16,GloCeSter. place, Cheitenham ; at the place of sale;- of J. D. Francis, Easq., solicitor, Chesharn; H. D. Francis, Esq., -, Monument-yard, London; ard of the auctioneeirs, Chesham, Bucks. First-rato Freehold netet Dresio MESSRS. BROOKS and BA have received in. stutosto siubmit for SALE by ACIN noeo i oo at Glarraway's, on Thursday, July 10, at 12, unlessancepblofr borin the meantime made b3 private treaty, a tithecmudFEHOLD ESTATE, consisting of three very desirable farms, a water corn mill, and cottages and gardens, containing in a ring fence 5(15 acres, 2 roods, 3 poles situate in the several parishes of South Perroit, Coeddington, Broad macor, and Beaminster together with the manor or rEputed manor of Pic"kett, let to higgjy resPectable and responsible tenants, p,roducing an annual rent of £825, independent of the planltations and woodlands in hand, Capital roads. Particulars anmpan may ho obtained at the hotels, Reamrinster, Bridnort, Csewkerne Winterbomne Abbas, Dorchester-; RE. WhIitti e sq1, icon-n fields:; and of Mtes=r. Brooks anid Real, 209 icaily QZeendon-hall Esinteo-To ~Shipbullders Timber Merchants, and others. -ImPertant Auction of first-class isber. within one miile of the Newport Station, and two miles of the ELsenham Station upon the Eastern Counties Line.-By Me&sers..E. D. and B. T. THUIRGOOD, upen the Premises, on Wednesday and Friday, July 2 and 4, commencinig at 11 for 12 each day, TT~W Hunredand Twelve fine well-grown Oa'k LTibe Tre,2ait s it,7 it l it- ffrt- ofrwichlare Cnadaptd Gorlavyproe;tgterwt.0 a n othErSaplnS. WLtSFO, hRDoc bed to.sat thate tibern faofuhesred an wiaty includedtions thi auctionfis seldomyound for salemupo rone Juestate and theyr thefoe caithrat coRNfIdUEnce ivthe paboertsicua atenti; onmphrtingathe cai becohar, posnt free fon ahppliato at Sir.luB.P. Thrgoocedt'as,In twoArbia esedsadbdi Walden. rhvltie , and de8nglsestat d awenr ffcs, Saffronth ( mi ro.om, 1i2dar-tperirae roewot houme-pavred ins-atric crnear Uthecht velve,twoecuichFm nue,s Pbianofort, cengoraving, cutinsa and Parpted carticles, Chinableand biaGlass.hme gase 6 y44 w cabinetsS rozs,an Fornaenand Co.ms thae beeingro faoupried cbirI. witcheis,truct ions boarrang fworSL bhnny gaEse 50 4 ;to- er row Jue 2, a 12for1, he apial URNTUR ofw theai s abv resi- dene ;comrisnghe leaferondr fth niture for the upp7er oos r.b. ceva, tilt, nd resin thses daraerwis, 69Qeen-ftreethe drwin room 12srpeiorroseoodchirs coveredi rihe crprimsons Uteechte velvet, two couches erawiy rhair hes,chffner calut-rtain and crpetsoom, chare ndTeler,twnol and brtin.wtllante ite Wt plate inyglasseslb 4 twn cabinets, brdonzes canvd oblmnalieo tednng l,ar ndobroo cc tbmprsesea rchas coathes, Tevtabples siebarpesad,rigtwow chimey-gansestone40 cotage lower o resaoomecwith afPproofPriatuniture,eganfe o engravngsd capi-l glassesecroplated settoflfou (babesk foringoweright, hashdiaash and cover mierousrawnti roother teta mwies, &c., chnina, glass and kitche un items aogs ardenengine chierascaterd ind nmerou. es otherteffedbcts; ansal cellar chf w ine. O taiewTu a and ookas moblingtofesale. Cataloguesju tsbte pranEomiees,edsdeor and othauineer,4b effhouirn e-rove paitndgs, htew 'toaryete- ruset,eEdg are-rtad.To hom tube Picplbet, rowitha- anduweolrl manufactrdsousehold urichyurved pincudin Twourostlyn Pa-ictavedCottaged aoots, wihdmseveralrich velvee pilze and Brsslow wealnt-trbees andoewoogd Suaites large Golases. ChinaServies, drwrond Repoitoy, nd umeoususeul nd erwaeta ffcs iLlR. EWS bgs o nnonc heis irctebt Bloomatr-street.-Capital Leasehold Prorerty, on the Duke of Bel. forl's Estate, held bY original lIuse, awd Underlet, to zood tenianits reseting desirable vilesftments, MSSRS. RUSHEWORTH and JARVIS wi]l XTX ELL y ACTIO, a Gmaay'sCofeebose,To-morrow, June the 27th, at 12 o'clock, ins four lota. by direction Of tile Trustees (lot I).-* compact newly-mated RESIDENCR, situate NO, 7. Bitomisbury-street, near New Oxford-strEet aud Broaid-street, Bloomebwry held direct from the Duke or Bedford, for S1 years ata ground ren~, and let at £M per annum. Lot 2. No. 3, BloDmabsy. srett,& xewly-ercte and oorres.poding Residec,' nn h preedmg hldbyseparate Iese. fromthDkeo ¶Ars. ata ground rent neta£5pranm Lt3Ths.is onleapefor2l1a7 a 10prnu laalrecahhuen Superor Sablin,four roosoe Pcainy ean ,lto e, o ee Wlecsua-ted by let xonlease ofee tlare late Dower anum,l held of HtsrtaforlhtoeEarsb AndCTIeNewb to-orew Junet27mat yma heer.ay bexviewedt Sith Gmnmboerfeth ten6ts and Brckstrect,aramhed atelyain rahay'e; of Piecairs. luteadin oauteof Dond igtfot, coliitrs 2 Jrpxohnsree,Bdodr and hnsm14tat sthbe anffices of aes cnhomeunct Jang, wihSasne-roow. lofent-ore, and iale, ChaRnge-alley, ttarn edil a coauouerior thbig stnearg tor eigtorl ande carrigland suitaber fora The ~mi rte nogtobi tantlaDy uesit nd r aiyovril Into ro nedb stheEeuos of stb ethelatezowhc Dowager sM abcloe fof ertrord toabELLb AUCtIO. T o-mpro w, Juhldorniex27,oa t I h eryo SoexeletSAgroundrenu.maberede26.dnpBriapstree,tiom, latdprinte pathecrears ofPcadilly lheadroings u of Down-treet CapomnrianglC. Savile poachhue ;ndatthe otanding ofo Mestr. muhore candriages, Sandinote-rfor Reetoscrriage, enclsd c91arriage-aly yardandhn xclLen upyo r The iremra,isesh arers fHlased most eubtatillebult and arsaslpcneril cinou twomidistincthetso Fa ng Regidneintherowhc would bEh sutable, fror a lage etablshmnt. he popety i hel fo an ;unexprd term of Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley, 12Coa hand Belsse-rad,in te Prishof Bnsptad-A Nost45 exellient oand,sa ciou sei-deachd FailyResienc, inh b ld nglpishe st ble,aro an dein bynPoent, poith, conrtaandn small Groom helegntroepl years, at a ground rent,r withe podsessson. some and cU-srenedot, FIDbE sikle-qur.Tuae No45Bese-ad facedsith iedlbrick vanduathe stone adresns M avrgqoutdeabe and many ornaenta Aporch,g containiongmeigtabdros,eeatle tinroom, covenin thoies allemin toroughdecoratine 30and suolan tiirepar, ad fi- thooism ed atemc.up7tieon, Beioroasd land popreachd from howst sie oftherowrat Fmchamy-roa trequishe Adelaiyde-ra nort.Mybevieedtail,andt partaiculars thegand sato Gardrawai'ngo Bedfod-row and fcMasrs. Rshlarth and Jacs n-ihes,tSyle-rowLui No. 31 Billstree, Bereleyrsquanreath Furnietur of tablsi schious Mandsion vrfincluding valuable luutand acqmmetes-i ndCabinets, bls gilt Frenc piertae and Cinyglasses. ol me-gas u-ls en ..R S W RHandele,o-olssedn ans ag cutI p wio, sll SELd lowing daypt, the lease ur having ben crimsposedamsc e of tiecaisiFJR TirEula ro7sag,ing thbes bedhooms,17diron, sideorad, ande otherbled scbrription sies,et of sltareh cutan in lther grand bocsalon an drawirng rooms, with gblts arnch chairs, slos~as, and cuhes, windte style ofaroUng giltFrenh per tble andglases,nobl ablmne- oaks cutglsses chadeler,or-on supeninglams, hrc cu pie, Beruvsls and WsafeouhalltabesrAnd hais, clocle yardi an half widesti carpeting and flor-cloth, 1alarge sroants' haiuesand kthntbe,okpess BaOr'snatent mreaingl, copervcs cuiary ueChnsisansmsevcso china nd glss ad oth R ueu eTs. Tod beviwe o Friayan Saurday prevIOus, adctlge a on the premss is53 l est-oofneetsrs. opsnteTrand tyc hu7 Abmrle-sraddt g;t and Ttheuffcs ofy J 'eyscs.dfush. wort dandJri, Shaiavlmoe-rnw FRegNIT-sREe, mandfa19,c C ihangte-ly Woldtcoloueerrae-Ffigal Friure, ikwnowcrr arvaluabl aself-ctingh Ceteabnet Phianfrte (byvre tolfe.aewspictdre, batfule Prbinets, ane oald Bnir4rones, M 6ablenrups, Fgrsandro Busts, gl Coslocs, glasies,an Orlnaenta- Prclase(in.rcl U Seraies of tableChin aeind)u ls, c andelias varioety lfDcor,ativ cappndsesabth,roughout thekcresiadence, n tIabe,Srosew .idbad RU HW R Hand JAcudrsihprple mo ilc seLL, n dulgetdto byAUCION, oxeUn sthef Prmahses, 13,Wtatbleuronexterrdce ing draye, theucapitalrmoem FuRNIsestUe,l manufactured wthine theor oafbedchambrs byoesss.aindalyandisuayfousinclding a fsuitebl ofaric gseld cooure anurd ilk wieUndo cndtioris, rbewd sofas, cwouches, prettees, and chatairus hcoerd tof cMesrdl beautifulan cab-ines, Sandle tab.leinagecntsrie,t walut1, Cand ealweyd, ginhltcnoe,gas,ad uchinygamssehinrichly glt. frOAmS o tAstefl doigat chrandliers, erndols lcs, aund c.andeabr, bydrewtiod bofh okas esuandewritn table,s ofeood sidhebord andthe 10 chinseuwih purples ma otrocco scaa,onduget dthetieo, salveryeclet, to aoan iigalsoxed ingfraes Brusel capets, burnisheld stelfnders;the three Esloors ofmbed cames cotain alld thatm sistuualltfun insth farshioyponabl fur nishe htouySemfo, and anecel hontdistion,e fray bevewedrtwo day prevous an catloges ad o Mesrs Ru horetheandJni, davilerisow.,Regnt-steegt.ond 1.chancestalley, CIbl honse aond1ay,Jues o0, atab12, byadirectind 'ofoth Mart,gets under Powar aers of n le,seiathe toge mu ither oripuhla ay tibe lagree upon the count of Bucks, one milte sane, af theealftfrom thenn Sminsatfr,iv Fromy StoySratforStD, Standtfsortdisacefo Newport Pagnell iso, ai Leighton ; of W. hurridge, FEsi., solicitor, Wellington, Somerset; of Messrs Smith and Grover solicitors. Blemel Hempstead, Herts ; of M'r. Buchanan, soliciter, 1, Walbrook-bIlUdings. 1london ; of Mr. J. T. Grover, solicitor, tO, Bedford-row, L-ondon; at Garraway's ; and of Mtr. Thonma Iavender, surveyor and estate agent, Watford. Heris. Iterts and Ileds.-By Mlr. THOMAS LAVENDER, by order of the Devisees, in trust under the wil of the late Edmund FearnleyWhsittingstaill, Esq., at Garraway's, London, on Monday, June 10. at 12 o'clock, TpHAT desirable Fireehold and Tithe-free Estate, -I-known as LngMarston Farm, in the parishicfTciug, Herts, comprising the farmhouse, wvith anl necessary agricultural buildings, and 147 acres of arablo and mcadow land, in the occupation of M1r.. Mary Chapman and Mr. Gregory, at rents amountlnac to £191 per aninum. Also, that highiy valuable Freehold, land-tax redeemed and tithe-free estate, known as Clifton Farm. in theparish of Clifton, seven miles from Hitchin, and 10 from Bedford, ut a substantial farm real. deuce and preRises, and 141 acres of capital arable and pasture landl in the occupation of Mrii. George Neale. at £212 ccr annum. Anid al that delightful Freehold and Copyhold Fastate known as Handaide FarAi in the ]parish of Bishops Hatfield, Horts, adjoining the cLoa'mas of the Marqius of Salisbury and Earl Cowvper, comsisting of a complete sporting-box and the well-arrs,nged farm residence, with 133a, iir. i9p. of excellent arable and meadow land, lot to William Barnar, Esq at £205 per annum. Together with a Leasehold Residence in'St. - drewa-Sieees H rtod lettoHaryinkp, rcw., at £-45 ner,annnum, Two desi-ra fo , H ble Freehold Dw,elling-houses and Premises, at Potter's-bar, Middlesex, let to Mr. RtichardIDoliamore, on lease, at £40 per ananu. And a Copyhold House and about I 4 acre of laud, at Lemnofor-T-milis, niear Hatfield, Bests, in the occupation of Mlr. Edward ?cemp, at £15 per annum. Note.-These properties adjoin many noblemen's and gentiemen's estates, and particularly clim their attention, They are also very desirable for smnall capitalists who require country residences, combined with agricultuiral pursuits, hav-ing the advanageof ilsay ranit n amos evrydirection. The estates maye vewd (undysexcpte) ypemisiooftnetenants, of whom ~artculrs aybehad(14daysprir t thesal) ;also at the offices of and rove, soicitrs, emelempoead,Best; of Old Rent-road,-Freehold Ground Rents, amounting to £234 fis.6d. per annum, ar-ising from 64 Houses, at Hatc1ham New-town, and a Pair of neat Cottage Residences, producing a rental of £34 a year. M R. V. J. COLLIER has received directions from T the Mortgagees, so SELL by AUCTION,. at the Mart, on Tue!,day, July 8, at 12, in IS lets. FREEHOLD GROUND RENT.3amomutIng to £1345Is. 6d., per annum secure-I upon 64 small dwelling-houses anld premises, situate in BateGisa-street, Cross-street, and Hatcham- redOld Kent-read. The property is of recent erection, and let on looses, for terms having about 90 years to run. The groiund rents aheshrse.-alabou 3les perehouse Iandra Ftthe,promprtywllb soldmnalots accesordn tatd; lase;dls a p airm of n5 easwth r blesidens,cald clpa ctageBuldns, th hl en eihflysituate in tchm-tret pracmgreta of £4scr Pathel maybe tobtane of ulm Messrs Bridgmies, Mason. andBidchs,ad soicitforsm3 thed imon-squareilbeay Satio the Mart;e aeidrnditofM nJ Collir d. midrlae-dstricts. vbsie-aluable Freehold eaola state, comprising 11amo eyfrH andcpom-c Futiearm,bconaInin p7atresln, withlasuperior moe esidenrnd mce tild asuedbstckantialledWater-cornnil,mitDwll,diing-house pand o stneah1 act mlres o ad;elandga smablliFrmg coofnsces, wnit suitabuledeienc.Te fand, Binludings the wholes bhein dlatsig htfll situpateithn af mile Tosf the moket tesownso uibsyalytnat abotfv miles from anarntwifhM,an nindtemfrom dtheiprtantRaiwder y Stheatindofrewel esto drringitolf) carpm yaccoessaroma the metropolisandthe princif 0peral to nsin the notherant paynd midlandditricts. ote utong.Te eon o Betl,at Ceae,onpaWedntesday, the gudofulyotnex,atDV4,intas los valouabefreod sat,cntii 9 acres of rdcielad bet verafetil and pro-r,liit ductiv adbeandpaustue land, wprpiath abuprdiors moen rhesocuaioenceosf amle frm Ll,a bidroings,ofandunusuallyeubtntia descriptionan, a nhewlyerectedf beric aundmTiled atoern mlual, prvgouerpairsadfastagones, wiuthemiller' dw eellng, turbpln,eo-hroade,adnd ro nut-uiling. het f'karm, includiong 7 aresn aofutheqland,istninth foc chatiownJo Thor. Bil,apostiresponsibet yeguarlyten nt,eat th loweeanncksen of £30nds, adthePle millandr theraich fofm the land are let toeett MrnWllia Bi(ll, afromryea txoyear,t theigan dverimderathe centte foft10 prersnnme the thenantsDr payingthe land -taxond all. bter niging s.thte ofes geodlt willaccomprise acopr littlema fasrou, contiguusnt thepabsve, containn abouts2macre oft p roductiveo landrieftrly mcuadiownds psture,withlay nea dwellraiong-houseaendeprophereiatnebuitaldge inrthe occupation of. Mr.C. . ce,an ectabrilig an excellenttyearlyptenant, at thc~eplo ren of£45pe anum,Th abve alabl p cphturcadhnagperorty situte o theexcelentturnike-oad eadngdfomfatwc to.V.J thdemrvrWae. hcom theur'Grn Pianofredaro h saeo onae ade Affrdsic llent fishing T ande divides the estatefoyh preseresto theRev Shr. CSmit and Monk,r Effcsq.,ec h saeofr ra atrcions tOBEa getEmanDesiruso combnin atheusits Rofma sp rteanwth arlprofitale aricutura occupatio.Jn,eas0a sall1 foutlay iUNdecoration ouldresndegh realdentr roelidan abefrheocuatiny lof cardfamilye ofcahighnrespectability otheiestateblsopes ientars,ansetsxcp thirsnabdoinvetmngt.Thee pekwsingeAdlcaemlChurch1 eapdpetin t glots.sTes Brussrty mayd bter virewed byhealhrmissiondef the frespciv tenoants ro, and jatiuapayubed orbtane fofur-dkosC. B.d Frellch Rq., dolicingto.abIes atd thiet glambsez, Nanstwiof d at ktche Con reuiits HotnuelCrweofs Messrcs. MaSbvewed, oxand Satweda, solicitaogus,reham. Co To. 35, Glooetr-gatde-st,et London.I-uero rE uuue ModeiFuntCiture,-grase,andPiaetGannoforte abeylPitns Plated, garfed Showuasle, aitlgGsCand otheran Effects, i_irR.FROBERTRIDK wil MELL,ETT his Raoomr, -YLGreth ismarlboroghs trEet on AUonday.Junethe, atmlifer as mahove,nyRsdy,irn n japnno Arabi3t, four-post, and prenchs bie,do her app.tendages of a superiofr desriti ewod1 dr occasional, and fancy tables, choffonier w.ith plate-glass back, a 7-feet pedestal sideboard, sot of extending dinig tables, dinner v;aggon, 12 dining room chairs, indulging ditto, Brussels andTurkey carpets, ball furniture, blinds, china, glass, hitchen requisites, and eff'ects. Mlay be viewved the day prier andmoming of sale. Catalogues had on the promnises; and at the auctioneer's offiices, in Alhi'on-plaee, Hde-p\ark-sq. Pursuant to a Decree of the High Cort of Chancery, made in a canto Dearely v Starry," with the approbation of the Vice-ChanceDor Sir Johm Shins-t.-By Mdfr. WILlLIAM POPE, at the Atuction Mlart. in the cdty of London, on Monday, the 50th day of June, 185, at 12 'ITALUA 'LE 13Freehold Estate.% Farsn, and BtiildV tugs, in the parshes of h; utton, Fobbing, Corrigham, and Romford, in the county of Essex, in the following loin:-In Hlutton-Lot I. A freehold farm and buildingsin Hutton, in the occupation of Mr. A. Odfin, containing 130a, 2r. 28p. In Fobbing.-Lot 2.A small freeholdestateo, part of a farm called Spriven-hal farm, containing, sites of buildings included, 50a. InI Fobbig and Corrmingham.-Lot 3. An enclosure of pasture land, and three enclomres of productive arable land, n.xbtcopyhold and partly freehold, containing together 37a. Ir. Ilp. Fobbing-Lot4. A freehold enclosure of arable land, called Bigpale Field, containing Ia- Ir. 20p, lot 5. A freehold enclosure of arable land, caled Cbalk-field, containing 9a. 3c. 13p. Let 6. Three freehold enclosmres of araMble land, caled reptively White-hall Nme Acres, hite-hall Four Acres,and Brook-fieI Wvlth armall plantation, containing together 27a. Or. l9p. Lot 7- Two frohbold enclosures of amable land, called espectirely SLyAcree.4 audOld Barn-field,contain.- ing together is[ Isrelp, eIneomforde.-ot 8.Asmal farm, containing, with sites of blidladgs, ita. lI. 25p. Let 9. Three eaclosures of pasture land, adjoining land of Mr. Thomas Newmand and A. Hamuilton, Esq., contwning together !O, 3r. 24P. Lot 10. An enclosure of 'nurldandl, adjoining land of A. Hiamilton, Esq., znd 0. MWashiter M., containing 6a. a3. Lot 11. Two cottages in Colyor-row-lanue andpartofanorchard audjoining Ae,2,Ther o i, ofcbuicng lncludied, la. Ir. lIp. Lot 12. Th eiue of the sadocar,cn taining 2a. Lot3 Ameadow called- Lion fed,A adjoining Dog-lane and the Eastern Counties Railway, containing Os. Ir, 17p. The landtexon ll he oisinredeme, Frthr prtculars and conditions of rai mabehadon ppicaio toMesrs Wikisn andBersoitors,NorthWalahm, Nofolk Messs. Nrris an le,soiios No.20 RefOd-rw,Lonon; ~r.J. . oure.soicior ouhap Pictures and Workm of Art of the highest dames M~ESSRS. CHIRISTIE and MANSON resD~ectfullv AY. the SOils, and To-morSoLD The Colleetion of the late Henr Beiward Ray, REq.- ~fSSES. CHRISTIE and M1ANSON respectfally W I gav notice that they will SMM by AUCTION, at their great BOOM,in-te on Xondaa June 3D. and fulowoagays, the very lnt&QEtinanFd uahle 00 ECON ofPOROEL . Pictures Draing, ngrvins,Autogcabs, Plate, Jewels and Trinkets, of tha latM= MMEwar .,nlupgviylIecimens f)Ajolira, Colgn. Gdado ladre, eIf. dvae,DresUde, two aessrt Ts ervicsadoterpesof of Cese.Wocstr tBliln Wedget seriesof thedife unt man alsoce lthelyserve o pae,dewl MESSRS. CEHRI TIE and MANSON respoetfmuly ILgive notice that they will SELL by UT1ON, at their gtuat Room, 8, King street5 St. James's, o We Y, JulY 9, and two fol- loig as at lirecisely, by,od. of the E_xecutors, the handsome 80faao AT.hull furniture, ornamental percelais bjetso arte and vertu, glv, linen, wine,.and books of the IateRer Admiral Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, G.C.H., removed from his Lordship's late residence. Ambassadors -court, St. lamnes's Palace. The plte comprises a handsome and complete service, made by Starr and Mtortimner; also some beutiful pieces of ancient ornamenta silver and gilt. The ornamental ohjects comDrise handEome Freench clocks and candelabra, Dreoden and Berlin porcelain, snufflboxer minlatnres, and 3Bohemian glass, and some bijouterie. The bousehold farniture is modern, and in the beet taste, also a service of class and linen, hindEome Dresden dinner and dessert services, some books, and a smna1 cellar of wines. Further notice wib e given. Paddington.-LeaseholdRe.idence. ijR. MOORE Will SELL by AUCTION, at the il Mart. on Thursday, July 3. at 12, an eight-roomed DWELLINGHOUSE, 37, Alfred-road, Harrow-road, let at £10, tenant payiii; taxes; term 98 rears ground rent£.M Particulars of.J. Robinson, Esq., solicitor, 29, Ironmouagerlane ; at the Mart; and auctioneer'is offies, Mile-end-read. Cornmercial-road.-Freehold Residene o cuain MUR. MVOORE Wml SELL bAUTuNatthe __ _ _ Mart, on Thursday, July 3, at 12, aR1 OLeih-omd HoUSEA with garden and back entrne o ,Senycnea let to Mmre Adams. (who pays taxes), at £6 atclr fS rnie Esq., solicitor, 238, Whitechapel.road; at n dteacine' offices, Mile-end-read. Poplar.-Freehold Investment. givingaVt o h ony MR. MOORE will SELL b UTO,a h .31Mart,onuThursday July 3 at 12 by orderofteeicef r Jerard, deceased, TWO ~31IfIi5Nd-OUE wthars11ad 14, ~Leicestor-strcet, Brunswick-ets-x;Bacul,lt t£8 P.-iu lamo S.=Petie Esq. solicitor, 2&-_ 'hrcarlrad tthdat and at the autoeer'sofrices, Mile-ri:-road Barbican.-Freehoid Esttat, tiving a voe foKhe city f London. RMOOEwil SEL byAlUCTION at the Mart. 3, et12, inone lot. 10 FRYEEHOLD in Backi r,~ ~ Sith' mus, Golden-lane,let at £170, Lual~rt,---eilecaed Nt Rnt f £M28 O.per ann-um. TAIR. MIOOREwl SELL by AUCTION, at the 1hMart, on Thursday, July 3, at 12, aBEEr-HoUsE, 2, BedaordGi-orge,s l-t e tM em6easefr3 ers, rndetoMr Feachwes An Fivepousiesteant, whops reaiursataclerar roment alofo£30per annm Term0 74 yer43ear a roundroudrntt4 O Arti.culrso Messculrs. Royan Ctainghtn, M.solcitors, 4, Lethburelate theMartid;an at the Yartadathautioneer's o ffcr, ieend-road. -oad NEarHs oo-Larodtates, producing £1628 per annum, o cuainadivsmn. ljR. MOORE, wil SELL by AUCTION, at the lYE Mart, on Thursday, July 3. at 12. in one lots, Ba DWELLING. HO0USE,. No. it, o 9y-t in and formngePump-ourt,as forwcrole-teree, holder, tem90 years. ground rent, le7s. Partclsaof MDessrs.gScomt a Combs,tsolcitor, 25, Bukone,letrabur;e at ther Myart; arond auctioncers. Sixehousea1, 5 and 16. eogeSt EAnnst-reeoadnrh and Leaseold EStats CaterL e M rart, RonaThuresdeJuyt, Nott2ing four hlots,oa logtrEE sOLt HOUS, 1. etheaton-buldins, almo's-ande,hneho8,u-ste,et.a £21 2s;Vlsothreteiht-romc Houes,2,130an & Barand, aost. BARsie, sqslcic (or f 3 BLarehnc-lane, Cewpide SttELMat; and tthIuctione's.a thies MLirTle-enDrAd: Jn 2,a 1,b orestaftheEes,pcucig£1oprs annm fepetrl occuation CTAndiestment, D RO,na h MO rE lwaysainSELL bya UC-gen,wtION odatted garen Mat,onta Thursivbday Julo3,ats , d ing sioo lot, andWbeakatalour HOaSer No,s44, Foleey-isboste, alebe, let onplease ofr thoe tenrm, nlion-sutjeet,toanomibnealfiet t£2 To Verm ed0pars, gonndrentta5 Os.; Sit theouses, 1ll the ands1, St.Aigann'-d north, and o1,. 2,arnde3, St. Bi-srohnlundrns eahdHue, witogrdn,28rdi-street, 1~echan, retal£1h.ter H3oyeaStgrondy reent8lO.; n os an Brehl ARd,Sand BiArchiof lacekwllailway SLeta b12 cornPArOTIcularso C.e B,rema, T ElSq DA icto, Jun 2, at 2soclook,buan at theMat; ESAnd at theutoneer's othies Mile-o Sepnd-roadg.el a FR. BARNES (oflBiELL b-iAUe T will SELL hb AVhCtION Hart thendMart,THI Velsday, 9hJune20.a 12, byec tordn of the Executersf lt Jh oteEq, a respec able deacedCOTA ENRSDELOE, near them iAy tto,o LAD,ihaoen-gree,gardethgoodtwale gardaen, containing 1 fie hdroos, diingtea redoom,hndree,akfastparnlour wae-coet pitchen,asbq.s, solcitr mrm,Copyhosd of th mnr Ealiug, subjeetor anot.Mialrfine. Tlobe ved; adtthMartic.r otie ExtesiveSaleof yehold Ground.-Repnts,-grhearyeerinst th BAPlRnEs (of fis-im roper-nne wllo SEvelL byehl HousesaUIn. Latd the Maw hISe DAY,uin Jueal 28,0a 12o'lok ann: bexellhefntESA, Corthood of the Msanor of thlteWe. being, hEld. at Camtrifigfie certain Hacndeotyiitd. opisn dfm os mbrik-buit, f ihoron nli CONPEIINt aond timein eJtendinin n l t.The rearolf etthetwo aedoinngerhouses tite,n houepfouerstyorisesi heindt, plth twomprooms and clsetsron freahol flor;oond rentaseucedpasyage,y two oedtfailychducelas, onthe beasementc, Letite orespecable gatenant. arcly 1yars,obtaline ofr.m 25tr3 enhso lcior HeaCrtch Hue,rar andmio ofd gr.oBads, 19,lat Brchidn-lanof 1fraHeadsth,amreveralsoatther Bren Frsetewoeinoehlold-It.eadow ind, nlaear Windsr.sua O R. MOturda wet iill enlL byve SdbaUCTION aereetingthe AnloFeWhitartHoel Turkdshr oline Wnqedinedy dethJuly.byDiraer.n exiontofnheT,se ofd thequalaed John oster,me Esf ah valuable oold-EnClsoUarEou ofherichM ieADO for whichthe Sorchard,o gArden and the cotag eees, Sontinint1yares.ecsituaelyatdedoth-igoIen abouleretamile of ale o EDIt. Nirr EsqX isolircitor iedao S ucks of Mr.- MoIOn,Nrv,r.3 St Mabrton's-place; anOd atnd-theeMat. oxStra Extensie Seautfle sdbor of FreodGoud Rent, 9feinlgt,withea carRvedson thnelsacf Rientale cofmfrst-class thepertyn alof sheealls Feuehorld Hdaousesoan Land thverewhnle porroducing nhearl £700ope aitnnum;he beinerathe fipresetaptions of teEaeothehemyan latey. Hnfeath wroq.,ht Cambegricaadembheat,matckndey. e-A pcmeowo-av it.i pro os o Nd hqased recivedawro inarut,ions flbrome teme tlon, bxecutyordsiton,lacderecthesaboefirst-cassPrOPderT in prethe markue Tet ortpublcarCOMP ETITON som n tmber adincJulyei lts. Btthe wole esatero is hetldner onte tridge,andther probnsrt fo Batle poinchGrncllen;famlyahuss,theSleasesowinh,sbeint orgin&. alybgrantedfo and grounda, the late rrtesidence ofdMr. Hea o Se2th. and seuralOthrcfee onheld hos.Panmrninlars areapreparing, esbndain thermentme Mr. cate ther Ewhoein Fone ot.-es, t. Martin'as-plcet,Trafaga-suae OnS trag e tWmanOes, l Camrved aot 0 S deoar,zeprsenig. h Alnoeurnc h andhe Trih alliance,ve uniqruetiinBdesign,helepbosein executionf,tandlunequalleddasraWspeci,enroirthegart,of wood-carving; alo various AOTherspecimensuforeswhichattheSoit ofarlts, and t~ehel Mtae ncThestrsodiey respectivel Juy larethi eland 1ter mhoedal!.h gnine EDWIN ofO fis icas dirtg UMS ected to iEL tb gratUCar and juTgmn,t RbyithonecaseRofoms21 Old Bondstret sipnhonsasinturda pme,anelsioflmeitree,comrtsehendinesthqualtisofogthealis uequestrione mitaedallio 8 ozns of the Soeein, notraits of their7 mozest of tighe vdi tgenerals1, represenains of the am vnand navy8, an4dofinel rougthtin tallegoria an722doembemaofticlhe vact&ee of audspec maen ofuwod-crvin it is ronouned unqualle, whiela l vrofat t eaborCatetexcu tbionceautyc of Sdesign,Mandcorretns Mofe duetail, Brederipefiy Cunmpaue. haohrcarriageotare 22inez numer,andtioncludhethegrBatetl at~~~~~~~~~~~~~ th lc fslepiaey yoresol,o ie 28th, and pblicl at aluadbnlFe' Bookcs,42 Engreavn-s,reet,FBank,y'Sae taHOgeSONes,ilmlrSELg aboutU 1.863dozens. MESSly C,an hreSSHUoingdy,RE hl-ps2 andGBO bla-g oetioanoLnOKSounce that thehve lireceve insitructiosfo (deeased), adettio_yo a r SELLb AcTIOymn, froithouesev,a onthean Voaut,iniNeig molisthree,on floSthuarsdayand Reeidays July_10 andol1. theawhle o thel Andhtecudgent hynihe deceasitedfrom Chadefr, et shippi'snghossintetorad,and inclqudingins Portsithe finettquaities of Eythe&. undlermenione vosintgs c, ant dozensof the vintage of, 1834,179 floIsses ofathe vin-r qutages 2of 184,79doens ofethesPvinatageof15,7dzns.4 o-:of thsOre v.In tagemofr1847. 262 duvozes ofthevinAcietugeeof 1831. ndasmallhtzveryad choice smtork ofSesmrry,landea, Devonshire, Buce,llas,tBordex byartet., ChamagueMarela,ndoter ines Theuctoneeshavo e Tathefgreathes propietri,win mechats,andpriatefam2ie tothe sibarleof the To be viewed, and catalogues had. C1pa-od-eelr,lguPrsa lcsieano mounted in old Sc, he roprtyofa jweler etring from business. MR.WARDwill SEL b AUTION, at the Swan ILLTaem T-mrrw Frda, ne27 a2fr1.JEWELLERY; Th aubeFree Copy, and Leasehold Estates of the late WN-. SR.Harrell Esq at Foxton, Cambs. ME .S COC1ifETT andl NASH have been .LLLflavoured withi instructions from the Devisees under his Will to SELL by AUCTION, Te-morrow, June 27, at the Red Lion Hotel, Petty Cury, Cambridge, atl1o'clock:_-Iot 1. The substantial FREEHOLD) FAMILY RESIDENCE, known as Foxton-house, as now in the occupationL of the Rev. Plrofessor Selwyn, with its reqLuisite outbuildings, greenhouse, and irn-amnentally planted grounds; three excellent ijialting offices wihyrsadtnmns as held by Messrs Taylor, centaining 3 a. 2r. ISP. L~ot 2. Tfenemets withpsuecoe la. 2r, SIp. Lot 3. The Frechold Allotment of highi productive 4rable land withextensive frontage next the0Cambridge turnpikeroad and initersected by the railroad, Mla. Lott4 Allotmnent of Arabia Land-in- Shopreth. 2r. Op. Lot 5. Allotment panted with thriving timbers, la. Lot 6. Welbore's Farmhouse and Ihomestali, now the residEence of M1r. William 813ark, with its gardens, orchard, and firstrate pasture, Os. Sr. Lot7.Hfero-d's Farm, extendin8 from the village street-to the Fontenire-road, with tenements, convenient farm, homestall, and an allotment of rich arable land, ISSa. Or. 17p. Lots5 8,9, and 10. Tenements with gardens. Lot IL. The property comprised in the lease granted bythe Dean and Chapte,rof Ely ,exp-irtg 4tlsJie, 1876. yi., the Rectorial TitheP.entcha.rgeoftheBa-i , commuted at £z18 103. per unuum, -and 20 acres of =able and pasture land. The estate'sare inthe hands Of higl rnsioable tenar ts, and the whola prouce anannalrzntal of £l,sqs.It issituare midway between -th cAitEl cem-marikets of Rtoyato and Cambridlge, in agood uportiag neigbouhoo. I ha exensve ronagenext ;he high readl to Lonon,ands ithn fve intes wak o terail-.-ay station, These HOojehold Furniture, Board-room and Office Fttlogw smiall Stock of Stationery, Six Cases of Camp FurnIture, andMilscellsoies. MESSRS. PRICE andOLARK w,ilSELLbyAUC- June 27,at l2Ior lpunctually.an ASSEMXBLAGE of modersFUR1i NIU Eoospri,mngraslny winged wardlrobie, hestse of drawers, a d eddng.mahocany dinin tables, CTIO pp ndg. aeeth drwngad in oos ath ui2afor WfIcE ftmscmes mahlLASEOLan boad-W o E table-84. itate adars beod apnd ariour atms Mong berm aite agondren daf pein ther sule, Thd caWtalge haydevee, r plctin n atclr a Ace-eoeeractbLaeholdEstate,lintlonocptoni. ti IIIRS PRC nd CLARK h ill reLLve iy JlyR sml .r ! b at 120 for 2,teTr eial MDNE en o 1, held uon leae classu tera,eol atagIndesrent, pofducinpe a ummm, of Go. indr, .~ olicitor 10s permval'nnu; a arwysn ESSRS. PRICE n CLALRK hare dreeive to- M SSELLby BLLbyAUCTIO N t arawo', nTuesday, t19fr1 tGr July . ath superor 1 thetaerydeial VLLAJIDMNCE, desingno.t21 Reguent'-uls,eonithlge waest ide fte UppnerAvenueroad, witeholare waldgre, orsalstabl e,gand roach-house,motudnal stand ofntheeastimaedf trannualtalef 15710s.perannum. nHeldbo erasefowalong trnateraTera reomoeaengroudwrent.bTegrestacnidence.ii eTcelln rerair,c math sb. vtniew adb oermanamete enntal,adannidit passesionla with bechadiiMy obeaiewedo aendparlCuarsonand of ayneymowlth, osq, Policitord11 St.Jaeerstola, and at Messrs. Price and Clark' fies, 48, Chancerylae.etspr Irtcas eshl neten,pouigarna ofn £107bI Ches. er annum. am ~f SS S; PRICE and CLARK wre diEcte bo A MU LUL by7 aUt ION,aay on Tuesday, July 1, at 12 for 1. t ara captabln andrach-houe, mostLINdeniably situate No. the eatsidneof tenant, ie,lt at £157tal fOs. per annum, and held for a long tre tlevr low t ground rent of £18 perann.uAls Thepattnion of capi-dtalitheek Reingodlesseh oldinvsertitange Vs diecte tocthisdprop ertasditcng be EresCommende ith Xothe ratnst Fulhamenow. Tnhnl btohe reeisteia-h matewdb perulsvalon of the0 tenat,ad porartclantrs,witha condirtioe gobtadnednof Mesrs bovireon and parnt,sicitors. Palace-cHuhamers, St anse'-t-et n at Messrs. PrIcoe and. Clarlk's,Boe48,S Chancery-lie Long Lh teseeuod,Celr e anDed Fuban M SSRS. MIO~E andl CLR lSL by Lv.AUCTION, at Garrawray's on Tuesday, JuLyl, at 32 forl,.a very~'t cmforea,blet atEaIDENtal of a4 perl sale.um,and hel feormeln Cte t agre. n P rkvlant ofa£8 peer ntum.pArklmoapi tof Gloemidtarh Resdenes bains"-Heritae ills,rihon-oas, coneasiengto Earl' Cour Ia Nrth-ad, Fuban,now inthand buaptio of th asi matedannulvaue o £10; hed fo a lng tem, atnmd ieratfo irrounrent. y havies-e, and articlars bd,lofS. uhads, J soli caitor,l5 Bwedford-sreet, poent-aden;tth plac of sale ofthe Trstetudeh pedow etteet 1IMESSRS, PRC n LR wil SELL by ILAUCTIO, at Graa',o usa,Jl ,a 2frI very cofotuable inaSigENCE nen abml ecl,knw nedm chmbr, and goodSt dom'-estic,Bl offices, Itinflow n th cuaino hifl respectable tenant. ata rental poduin £botle per annum, andishlfr hedfra long term of yeaosertta ground rent o 1 e nu. The presidence may hviewed by permission of the tenant. anid particularsba of H. Edwl"d, Rasn., solicitor. 19, Linothbnry;fteldsictoria [avethe Morfing-o tnra;adathofieofMessrs. Pricre and Clarke, 48, Chancery-lae pro(ur capia Drentllng-housper Ball's-pnanot Isuingblontb diretionlo theaopgge,titlpwesotsle iWJSSRS. PRICE andl CLARK will SELL by AUTON, at Garraway's, on Tuesday. July 22. at 12 for i,m onder lt,hOU subsctaontiallye eRechted th DWLINaserofhOels, delihfurally FnaEH inDaEhighly cmpoinsisnghbourhood, boueigs. 21,h 21,p 2,and25, St.al Puel'sn-touerrc Bitalles-pnd, eringtn in Que-theetoccupatio held feralogmermat nar moderthe gbrchenad rntecont y hepopet maydle be aybviewebyprisooftotan; and parti cularsobanebadyprcdioftbe bomlard. Pe.,Pfis s. solictor, 14. Lincoln's-inn-fields; and(ttheGoarcsao aysanofMessrs. Price and Clark , 48. Chancery-lane. prduin Parntlofo£314 pers annutm,aielrs, saui tabertstsml ME.SSRS. PRIENAnd CLARON wBillSELL by AUCTION, at theirRooays. on3 TuerdsdayrJuy2, narth12 forn uhende,h di-ectionwo athe pightuaHon. the asegruopterolls WAVDMOUaLe-RENGHACLDEtsTT, consistingwiof fouttnrhouses gathuges,. Mandbe smalewelliang-htaoguses, Iut had. s nQensre,Bod waymHinetmaersmt, nar totecuc,fnentecunyo id wa's;aned oftiMessr. PriceadCakn8.Cacr-ae oraetol Piaefremak-ers. aiemkrs ntes MESSRS. OXENIAM and SON S will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms, 351 Oxford-street, near the Pafitbeon, To-morrow, at31 or1 clc unctually, TWO herycspeiortaloeD FOURDNGACITUE;rnsaomlte itsuting o urpAairo,ns, gauges, br.- Mtays beviwd, hand ca,wta eloushd.n opee adoeMe aD emy ingent waaersb, a f eelts dtof,Plate aokndgJewllryp23 Wratehes, Plahstaeds,Artes, Paitings,enrvs, c. andnu nume.rouswo Usefu mahnd ornamental Miscellanies.evey ds-cipton -MESSRS. OXENHIAII and SONS will SELL by iV.L UCTIO, attheirRoom, 353 Oxfrd-street, near the PanFOBRTUR ; onsstig o for-pst,Aralantan o- Otherf bedtstead andhangngs,with eddig coplet, a yands omeS-feet maho- ganywngedwrdrobe af S-fee ditoo, wit lokn-lepae,daes was-sans, dresntableubs,treewant ox tree, roexwoo, Ju nd27 mahe1lgychaks, w oas,cches, andmeasy chairs, jeetabefeery dnbGeesc ripti on, pecmleas, siebo ards uorytaines, chimney-glasses, pialanofortesry drewellry,23 aeitches,andunumerous usefiemsan ornambentl isellanipes,ousaybe moriewed an cataloues had.ashdatteros Stckofa et-en UpholstyGeretr, wcnsistingodCarpts,hearthsgs ESSRS JOHNSNHwM andL SONSh CitylASELL b IlkoAmsTION, GatetheirRom,31hOfr-street, onensly.Jl .arthe_ PathOn,SonTEsda npext ath12 forg1epuctally jutherriTOd) of IALIest end UPHLSEn TAR ,cossting OfNAbouTS of be ardsifuvlvdetsile, chinr, usli, ad lce crtans,oernyvevtand oter talecves &c. ay e vewe onMondy ad mrnig o sale,iusand ctaoue PaeiMofrth ofecthe Sock ofa Baidncrust SSRHS. WE,illau SELL, aItQNit Arectaonre W -v t 9.s Graceth usto Siet on FrC Ida nex, Jue1,at 12.e a.a vauityat CmubeLLAISEOU FitatCe EtNndeCshm in ter-mounuFy nc clocks,iwatches enamelpainiongs,r eW. enryin bronchs,srings,f gorld cnlleasfes,c parbleand Pivory taabletc,pobte-ofnonrsiesnpar adivorean capovious smUd mroprningso sale and ctaloguresehadiat thelentrooms.fo Ta g the Nhoblity Gentry.ha Merchants, rod,and others. heltyJRos a9. plraatecghbouch-siirethon WednaiesdaJl 2.o ath 12,oma COSINEN (e s haino htipe andWkngeha.mus Rarivedy (aof t anLue MrBd rmLonardon), aboutE foRr AMENTfr , Asof baeaoutifs esands, from thetanique,m atheVouterrWstloence Romewa.Mandoter gaeiewe;o apincludiongHeo ewer of. sringua bheauty Rtandmagniicences, 10tfeetans adptd for diningrons and drtawingd romx and conservatry, inlihitor VotherTuhan marblhes Mayibe viwe the doray preAuciouan.% moexsrning oftsane. CataIoe Wadrt, therdooms, and of Messrs. We.k ILd SmmCons, auctroeye-and esham, ngear Bae,Wot, baSBrrey.-Vlal rpryo raboutel8. ares,-witehhomdoestea, i 3threconvenin frorsct B ouilin Sroitis,orfoth ercinofvllagsre~nd enes ro, -idsr MESSRS. WEEKS andI SIMMONS arecinstrurted wth intrcton to Al?LLbyUCTIOI at the Mart, TI AI rl. tH DA,J12 6h,a 2i es,a (unless theHOL whol cmprshould bea rmevtiousl aldl tan,wthvasombeFAM e sctentt Wnlln itdes itun,e in the county os Surrfeyd ek,na rcnl, in the orcupation of Mr , eri,cosstnffasevea cloesesmofrichtambletand pasture lAnd cusaptable offormuing d-istintan rcmplyeretedsm,lpopetaies,som fofr thedomprewosenting ercllen sitcesnfo building patr, nddar; the whlprahableebylooldngrouds,an lying in aed health gardndpeleasatoneighourchood, aithino2t milesfro there Boom-l lalldstatondedon the nrthbitetines and Wokiga-alway (abotn holur's ride aforomsaidn. rwab outaforniles foro Acrs ortheraceourse. havndan easy deistane fo sthe Sorui -Wester Ralwy.Maob viewed o plcto ontl teit;and oudlosofuter atcuasan e.ltos frl obtained ofM.W,WWher,slct, Afwobaha. oatae the Cokfie, oficthJornsa Wolfnbm;h AuctionsEse-te, Stran,ad'hMat London;: or o f Messrs. Week s and Simmons,autoeran autoer n saeagents, Woki uggaa, Berks. ThfromWokringhau eight-romaehod adegt rmWnsr BiSrds. GWreEK raindeSItMMONSc Potry c.isrce R. ENY OSERto SELL by AUCTIOO.aNh at HI A.JxeP,a 12, at degsirable REEoLD ESTATE compd-srisingear neathoumesTead 'hWrAkiYld,Berke nhearth rackn32, i un theocuato of Mer.i clan mes reetlfrected convtaiin foursedom, twomde sittfing rudooms,kiten,rv wnsashhose paintry,(faned)dary thsehofsusfedlooingdsot, ovters,aruwid inyaardwth ha re,nthreote-stallomstabe, and thqe), conveniences.wt an goodngardn, wrcet lol-stockd orchard,ean abou efeitshtarso.ml dtbNo a43 flewrminte-s'rewalkTofthe Staton anidLethehrc aT rad k- nell. Le . SAIoLs of FreHNOld Aabl SELad(erd fromlIOtNb teafoesi railway)m, conaiin fourrac-rest, or thernesabot, havin a. comanin view O of tHE-surrUndngneChbURhoo,-n preseis nt D -ingm te',wmest; anddfurhedreprtcuas bosandscondtiosof inaleaothainedof. Mesrs doz.Idcl.eame lldss and ooe slcios, s1 W pkegeam Catshmee.Aucind Mart,alondon: ordoffMesss.cWeekseand1Simmons,eauctioneersean estate genta, okinchae. Viers. TR. HERR-F FOSER andlHOSELL byllAUCTLOb ILAUThIsOgreat toom 10. Oxfor D-stee, Jnear Soth,-iquare dozn o DAY Iles Hre ayndte28h Soat 12 apn quavntitys of'eun cle0and I frlom fiveIto fro eaprivnt housle, 100the modern 0dorzeng.ad Therwiengriv inscaceandpainb tingsglyraed,casenes fof stufe birdh caantlers,arevstic ornament chincFenodchrpotedFry(from fth e anstique),gren yeacei bande Thompso, andeCrogat'stBrneetothe ,Shodemands Loathertrs,ade. otbr hater ma 143.e pipeso gaotwie-street tlonbWednesda, Julyo2, at purime usl kirr , 3n os;30 do zewxe nibts 100 sperime Sherrymincluing. 15 om, kid bonCalf,enamle skins an bail-lVpecoesCashere, andZ wines arelying in cellars, 2, yTokeenhhoue-anryd,in the sole custody of The auctioneers, who are thus eEabled to pledge themselves that the winesshallbo de'livered strictly in accordancewvith the samplesshowna To be view,edandtasted in tl-e cellars on Wedorseday previous totoe sale. Cataoguesinaybehad attbe Mart; .ndof ?,esrs,FuEllerand Iforsey.Si5llitsrJ,treet. city. The Bucklagham Estates.-Ssle of Further Part of the liuckiogham Estates, including a Portion of the Domain of Stows. MzSESSRS. RRISON and SON be to announce that the will SELL by AUCTION, at the i nn. in Buckingham. at 12 at noon. On Wednesda.Jl23veyalbe FREEHOLD, Copyhold, and Leasehold ESTATES, most'y tithe-free, and lnndtax redeemed,inBndkinghamshioup ing a rental of nea iy E3.500 per annum. Tao estates wil be sold in 19 late. and will comprise the folowing estates, farms, lands, and dwelling-houses, almirarablYss tedforinvestmentoroccupation:-TheBoycottFreeholdEstate, in the parishes of Stowe and Water Stratford. containing abo6t 740 acres, comprising an admirable site for a mansion, to be approached through the Boycott lodges and avenne, forming ane of the entrances to the Stows estates, from the Bracliey-road, and with several capital farms immediately adjoining. The Sackyille Freehold :state, in the parish of Buckinghaim, on the road to Stowe, approached through bandsome lodges, and a magulScent avenue of trees, and comprising an eligible site for a residence, and also a cspital farm-house, witth 310 aes of Tery superior land A capital Residence, called Morton Lodge, with gardens and 54 acres of-land, andSve cottages in Maidsmorton. A Farm, with 101 acre3f-f land and eight cottages, in Maidsmorton; upwards of 20 acres of mesWoW land, caled the Lot Meadow, also in numerous lots; upwards of30dwellng-houses and sheo-,with some meadow land,inor near the town of Buckingham. Aliarm, in Preston containing 135 acres, and a farm in Tingewick, containing 13 acres, and several dwelling bounses cottages, and pieces of land, in Preston. A Farm, in the bamlet of Westcott, in the parish of Waddesden, called Ford's Farm, containing nwards of 70 acres of aMble and pature land. A Farr, in the rs of Ludgershall. containing 151 acre, and 11 acres of meadowland inthe parish of BrilL These estates andfarmsare approachedon all sidesbygood roads, aDd lie in the neighbourhood of the town of Buekinghan, or within ans easy distanc of the towns of Aylesbury, Bicester, and Brackley, and are witLin two hours' ride bY railsarl from London. The farms are in the ocupation of reesxcta[.e tenanb, at verymoderate rents. The lotswill be own by fr. ommm Beards the steward ofthe estates, living at St-owe, near BuclingbauL Full particulars, with plans, maybe obtained onand afterthe 2dJuly at the offices of M^essrs. Curris, Woodgate. andi Williams, oalicitors, 32,! Inceln's-ino-delds, LSondon; MNessrs. IRghtfoot, Robson, and Lightfoot, solicitors, 58, Carstle-street, Leicesinr-square, London;2 Messrs. Barker, Bowvler, and Peaks, solicitors, Grays-inn, London; 3fesss Norris and Sons, solicitors 2, Bedford-rowv, Londlon; MEesas. Smith and Small solicitors Buckigm nfithe auctioneer.s, Bucenm-na and of Mr. T.hom ;as 3ea, the steward, at Stowe, A small uantity of Plate. Decooative Forniture, B.-onzes Clocks, oDI rortW'ine and Bran y. P aeWare,jewellery.IninB,f a sma.1l Phaseton, and Efectsi. Ida o~Lnn JIjL PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, -at big, B oonms. Ne wBonid-etaest.'HSDAY,6tls inat, at I prcieeiy, a .ISRIEo LT inndidag eotrle a; other didii,. sponsandtoor.lai = -, eupage, 'railers, bred limiket, sand various plated goods:;hmasomejtwepleyr ccmgi,ttsg of atees.chasis damod ad oherrins,braolets, Indian orna. bears Inbos,ane fkte O toheneol ChucO t ohu.act siLuny,,,g dcrtiv cabinlems, tables bnrbzes,dc, Ventandnlabess,andelihereffeC.se th al t r P I PileS, wald BEtLLgc te b ad Therwines &tobol tated a th sNe. Bd-ttbT-orw 7h1s,a taheabole Wood the inely Wand Acu adlptLure.D 1 beingS ote fttt~ohe Churcho ofSt John, at pneburg teSaralse theb iyulpit, carvedframnes and monuments, doors friezre. Daneliog, jko_ coyrngabout I.IAN psenes and well adapted for the refitkng of . dsurl or= Gohhouses Alsootheoutr Elemetst, aleOrisally treA,ted in groups, wculptared in cwarvd mar,bI%a a a DIn ldVenetia=ly chandelier. May he viewed the day Preceding the sale at Mr. mlPe' Mile-end.- SmallLesodInstnt SR.SINCLAIR and SO are instructed to M EE -AUCTEION,. at Gamrway's, on Wednsdy July 2, atl2, a convenient DWELING-HOUSE,situate and lbeing kt Bridge. rsad, Grove-road, Mile-end2 atthe end of Green-street, Betbnal-groein let atthe very low rent of ,.20laer annum (but presmumed to be -wortht £24, and held for a term of nearly 80 years at the trifling ground rent of 3guineassperammnno, offering a secure investmenitforasemail capitalist. Maybe viewed by leave ofthetenant,and nar~teularshal.at Garraway"s; at the Mitre Tavern, Dowuham-road Kingsland-road - at the Star Tlavern City-road; and of the auctioneers, 4, Fin-bury-terrcc.c, City-road, and 14, Soathcate-terrace, De Beauvroir-tow,L Stoke Newiogtoe-euerehdInste. IlUESSRS.SI LARad SON re istr ct to SiELLbyA1UL'TIOl atGraa',on`Wedneesfy, July-, at 12. in two lots, TWO FREHtOLD HOUE with gardens ia front and at back. idtuate and known as Grigeville sse,Saoer-a, Barrett's-grove, Stoke Newiugton, 000 Of the most ipoiglclte around London. They are now let at the very lowrtof£4ayr and o the uctineest ,Fnhry-t. erw c Coity-road. n 4,Sah MESSRS. SINCLAIR and SON are instrnacted tG 11SELL by AUCTIONT, at Garraway';, on Wednesday, July 2, at. A2 in two lots, ESIGHT HOUS6ES. situate and being Nos. 7, S 9, 10, A1 andl2. South-street, and gos. 2and 3, Prebefd-street.' New Norh. road, Islingtou, let at rents amountinig to £2121 par annumn, andl h2ld. for a term of upwards of 70 years, at a ground rnofolfurguineas ayear each house. These premises are on the ClothA'O-kes e"tat-el have been built within the last few years; and from the convenient. arrangemeats of the houses and their close proximity to the city. mo doubt can be entertained that good taiuants may always bea secur-edl May be viewed by leavre of the tenants, and particuars had at Garraway's; of Mm G. Brown, solicitor, 1, Finabary-place, Finsbury-square; at the liter Tavern, City-road; at the Mitre Tavern. Duwnulsm-road, Islington ; and or the auctioneers, 4, Finsbury-terrace, City-road, andl 14. eutlhgate-terrace, Do Beauvoir-town. Bunhll-ow earold-street, St. Luke'&-Leaseholdl Premies, -with - WTqorrkshopa, Bteneficial Lease, with psenesion. WIU SSRS. SINCLAIR, and SON are instructed to IISELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's. oni Wednesday, July 2, at. 12, the beneficial LEASE of those excellent PItEILS ES, situate -. - being Nos. 64 and 65, Bunibill-row close to Old-s-reet, St. Luke's, Middlesex, No, 64 comprises a goosa shop and dwvelling house, let to. Mr. Baker, tie-plate-work-er, at ;e32 per annum: andq'o. 65, which in in the occupation of ifx. Phillips, comprises a comfortable dwe'iinghoase, with extensive worlshops in the rear, is of the estimtate yearly~ value of £10; amounting altogether to £82 pEr annum, anid held bylease from the Corporation of the city of Lndon for an unexpired. term of about 11 years, at themDderate rent of LaO5, thereby prodicuiga secure clearprofit rental of £12-perannum, MaybhaTiewedlby leaveof the occupiers, and pariculars had at 6s. Bunhlll-row-; at-G.srra. way's ; at the Star Ta.'ern, City-road; and of the atuctioneers, 4, Fsnibury-terrace, City-roAd and 14, Southgate-terrace. De Beauvoir-town. Jewellery, Watches, Plate. 1.20 lb. of choice and ge-nuine Fore-gu cigars &C.-On view. ESSRS. DEBENHAX, STORR., and SON wifl. M31 SELI, at their Roouss. King-street, Covent-garelen, THIS DL)17 (Thursday), 26th insstant, ENGLISH and GE-NEVA WATCarF, silver spoons sand forks, trinkets of fine gold set with gems, geld chains, andES lb. of begalias, Emperors, and other dune Haivaunah cigars.. Apparel,Piece Gods, captal Furitur,-Panoforte. &~c. ESSR. DEENHA , STRR~,and SON 'sil - El~~~~egant. Furniture. g WHITE will peremnptorily SELL by ONI, w. ithout reserve, at his Rooms, 17D1. Bishopogatestreet without, THIS DAY, June 26, at 1 for2 punctusally, to curer a-. advace. ashonabeHOUEHOD FUIElORE, including3vera. cotgRpaoore. E W alNu casIE b iso anstutd lliSEn, n blecy. eygAUCesIBusNl, ontapIroiestr ,an velve pile carptsna , othe odrawin aondsinting -oemou p appointmens, meesahoaywn and other wiebardrobcesne aenieron bookcse,n usua chit.ambe items, n fet. View Sauday beriore, andorning of sale, when catalogues maay belhad.o h rms n t t N utonees,17nfiaolgate.-TstoDar'Saetvitofunt. r MoIR dWIN WHrITEM Pis oistructed Efeto EL M RY.AUCTON, ROnBheINSOss,No 3i, SotEfLg,ate ons Roonma, Jun 13, and od-Tuesdetul, atI 12Y foJ unctually eachat 1ay the cnsIsTing whic fouprianofothes pedesta and other vebardos, apartnete and toilet glasse, and anfetiqu Mecay beautiewullyn carvedguin oad.hre OnVee.rs,good-ar.-osintewte, old itemsituw Saturday befo1irean. MoenFriue infre,and Effects. l SSR.SE. LOCKWSOND will SELL,t byAU RONm,. Y a. 21hOl Bodsremiet, THIS Det-eAY, Junothe 2tThursaty1,aFUR NI pntnalE, aw he uchFUNTUE comprissterqiie o h aiosin fuparsnetg, and Effe=cts.a th lIrSSRS. SOCWOD il SOTEBYL n b JCTOHN tieon 'the Prmie rs, w 10SEnt-errce AUTHIS DaY tThir Idaus, an Weuntully,aonstheet genTonuinerFrowITue 2, cndomlrising fou-pot, French anloionbbeste L adsi, ofBedhe;nding, wadoe,n choie-topnas-. 1itio, card, cn and vcaoa ab uale,ceffvonlrk,cimntey Eglaicsh, giruoeb, sIx-light or-odl Shandellerlaugrtrbokeo mngantlucocs, oar1yametal hna. mahdaaoganysidbad,-iningtbecaisnlathe r, ando miscellft asnies.- M.ybOrero viewd andecataorus ob teained on. the prm'Dos,and-Lathol Invetmensoo the acBends,f,Buw od- rde Fye-arkt nde , p trative of te ac rs Wil SELL by A -UCTIOX,a hi os, at 3, Welnt on-s WedetSrandy,o-rr. Ju ne2a 127, and fie liot-m day, arck duition,raeS,wcuious,andctvaube works, bingNthe16nglish,19French 22ala, 3and5Snaeisholanguages,tbeaklys of enStravngs,zarlynoyaes and. Byhorduhaefrof the Exeutors tof h latden-tor. )a dtheOnalmediatch Investments onttheLoedbordch tote, ESSFR S.O A ilSLLb U TO ,a tby 22,3 ricd gilt Evrshmte. ret Oalysqae S.Pnca,nteinass vcinityMof te Nornth-WeSternmaiwayotatigoin.foth-Fe new br lanch de Isoffies,andbl parrnteolse,fnnerns and AStilqare.Teproeryus Efelds onr leaesxdiret fr 'om hisGace theiDreo Bodfor, 1,forgh Hoboa xpiedter ofA7rars,n atd Frlow rodsdeens. and otprbod-chsanbrannualret o 3 Mrayweiewe bym pericssion ofnu tne respecivooeltenant, cadpatiolr cobtaioned ofyMesss lridpets, seeal es on,anfirdgtbes,ndchieltrs,,1 Bled Lard ion-sure;atgo thebraryt;andeat thesfe auctioeer'sofficers,a8, chit- Noy.19,earylhone-street, Tbalnen-stureet,held Eveing, ath 7a are- SS an .. 1U OK BOrHe dircte SEL by Mr lESSeS.Io . TELL attEVENING,a 7n preieseaJlyv2. abet 152 for - Caiavl Modernd Fritmsroed SEmi-cottg PlaIoperte Fenchdrie fromksan lrecntl res,teblepahoulesand framiedsPrin tsand SurplusEffct of Dae several gentlemen'sresidUppreThames Arabin an Frechbesteas, ad oter bd-cf hamerputeac draing room sure, in wal hemnutadreod,lentctis ad cournicues, atayew caofrpets, asevErlectsao diginbleman dc esjr d,edbeoard, dnnrwgonehi ibrrye bls,nonae, atltccammersd it tin S o RapS. shOpNofSupro class MayHbe viewed andE ctby CTHILeS Ehod,TZ appe Thamesxtreetn el ,se toe OS HeLDea F and ChaE.plt,,aderft of St auls aetl£ ermannuemsguad, i- rabint. tr 1IoFst RS Tm b ULLn,-pAionK are dirab e'tead by ithe dra ar brtered gages tofeLLatthereds hast, ondwo Watedesday, Judly22.wat 2frd, roe.,cbently eectdrawarehouasesandsaudmdees,sing thrapbtesn ofm Dean, Dray, andbCoke, cand HuBlehio and tdeCo., Swan-he Upperg Thabmoesstret,par waerletforthewhoe erm(26 yersung%&exp iredb,atd£5 groud rut, nd he rmaider t £O p roannm onet rawles hlavin U yers orun,afterwhic perid a argl ncfrteased Bruoteor and adeqatepreiummaybe xpetedfortherewinin berm oamber AolctitnRors.1, GlensquarUe; atfo theMat Sand of eyrh deacritioneer t,21 Hihro"br. i- oneldFmtr,CecinofPcue In Thin Eveng, ate6etoethe Cinats.ExGlamlet m ode sm Houehoi,Ld Funitue,ePlate,oiaoore,n Effects ofn genem ieymenorayTunK dccean?d Fremovyeedfromhr hisuesiene, t ammemmthe,rme ESR.JONES and BONHYA will SEL quyn ON ttheir gren on.12,atd Room, 11 and 12tree. leobster-stmree, pra irn, ad sfa bdstadswt IddapfereUs, br robes chess of rawer, wasstand fand eresing Caab a,cemdvned Rcesrve. fI ,IZOD) will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, 45. Watling-street. city.THIS DAY (Thursday)June 2; at 1, without resarre, 80 PAIN'TINGS, among which mayb asmesi Admial aplr atackng he leetof on igulb te Marriage of MAyboie viewedo thi daytuand byin ofe sale, and caaogues had ter,o Regent Gallery. 71. Quadrant, Begent-s1reet. lIR. GARCIA will SELLT by AUCTION, as above5 ilL THIS DAY (Thuisday), Jime 2G, anid T.o-morrowr, at 3 precisey, choce OLLETIO of AININGS by the ancient and Peic. Bckhyse : he epoe, arl Maatt ; olyFamly,A. del Bergbem Teniem Buxodasi ~Herring, Le, Ca viw. Ctaloues t theGallry, 1, Qadrat, egent-street, N~o. C0, St. PauNl chumchyard.-To Noblemen and Gentlemen fittinig upTtheir Galleries,-An Assemblage of Ancient and modlem rictaies ofthe baghad clam, colleated by the proprietor aLt an enorImous expenseand trouble, from the firt Galleries in Eurp. lA BA-RNS will SELL byAMCrIMN, as above, il T-mrrw June 27 and followingZ day, at I precisely, a CDL,. i,EC ON of fie PICTURES of the various schooDls, among them may be mentioned twro fine works by Robbe; the Holy Family, Rubens; an Interior, Grinds; the Crucifixion, Van D)yck ; Horso Fair, Wouvermas; a dnework, Munlo; and others by ard after:- Rimbakndt Cr.r coope Verboeckboven.- C. Dold Both. A.arev w. as Stry Caracci Berghem Perry Etty. All foreign pIcture guaranteed by the masters, having been Iprearsed0 from the arthits or wacdemy. On view. Catalogues as above. NX.B - ,Money advAnced on everyadescrip)tion of property forpositiveandairmeediate sale, Balanee paid day after.
