DEATHS. On the 5th nlt., at New York. Wiiam Pamplin, aged 48. On the 9th ult., Mr. Wilma Newton, formerly of SouthalL Middioscx, afterrds of Netford-place, andlate of Shouldhanistreet, MSaryebone, aged °9, leaving a widow and two chidren. On the 13th isst., at mice. Captain Thora, Writmore Storer, of the 6Sth Ligt Infantry fourth eon of the late Rev. John Storer, rector of Mlawksworth, Notts. *on the n3th inst., at Aicald de Geadaira Spain, of consumption. Fanny young SteeC, wife of Willam RobertSteet, of 25, Great Ormond. street, agel 31. On the 14th inst., at Bnrton-on-Trent, 3mr Eliza Leesr aged 60. On the 15th Inst., at Bishopweaxrmouth, in the county df Durham, aged St, Anne, widow of the late Addison 3Peuwick, Esq., much re. *eceted andI lamentedt. On Wedne5lday the 16th inst, Mms Elizabeth Gibson Wlier, at Burfordi, OxfonlIshire. - On tae 17th inst., at 41, York-street, City-road, Henry Lynch, -sgst 48. On the 18th inst, at MortonCottage, Portobe'do, lieut.-CoL the on. James Sinclair. *On the 11th inLst., at Hale's House, Douglas, rsle of Man, Suara Emily, youngest daughter of John Omrod, Esq., of Ballavwhane, andl Rerxhih, Lanicashire, aged 5yeam . On the 15th inst., at Aberdeen Vila. Northumberland Palk, Tottenhaut. Elapet, relict of the late Pleter Duencan, Esq., of Upper Clapton, .aged 54. On the 21st inst, of bronchiti, Mr. George Ellis, of 18, Elder-street. Othe 2st inst., at 26. Devenshirerterrace. Caven-hill Caroline Martha. young.e.t surimvln"idaughter of Lfeut.-Col. Rtaitt, late D.A.G. in the Mediterranean, Iage 393. On the d tinst., at Chelmsford,Essex, BenJaunn Robertson Bedwei, Est., ageal4& On the 2MI inst., at Greenwich, Mrs. Rhoda Buggles, aged 78. -On thie 22d inst., at 2i, Victoria-terrace. flayswater, Isabella, eldest daughter of the late Peter Setvay Burrell, Ears., aged 63. On the 22dt inst., at Barban. near Canterbury the residence of his father Eaw,ardt Loug. Esq. M.D.. aged3a. late of Dowuhama Market, NorfoLr, the eldest and much loved son of Edwaredtx.g, Esq. -JOn the 2'd in st., at Riby-grve, Lincolnshire, universally respected, John Torr.Esq-..inthe 64t year ofhifs age. On the 25d inst., at 5, fayfield.place, Dalston, Mr. Joseph Young. Lte of Edmonton. inx his 7Ist year. *On the 2SM in-st., in Cornhil, Mr. Edward itnilton, for more than 50 yea-s a clerk in the banking-house of Messes. Carrieand Co. On the °3d inst.. at hlavenheavL Lancashire, Arthur Fiachamn, ERo., aged 30, dceply lamented. On the 23d inst, at N;o. 3, Porowriolj, Maida-hill wet, Jolla, the dearly beloved wife of John Tenniel, Esq., juun. On Thirsday. the 2dth inst., of disease of the heart, Charles T'hpmna, - the eldest son of C. T. Jenuldson, Esq., of Liverpool Ledge, Briton. hil, aged 17. On the 24th inst., at Brighton, Jenuet Ward, widow of the late Re,. Henry Ward. MA-, of Queens College, Cambridge, in the 7th year of her age. On Thursday, the 24th inst.. at Hanwell 3irs. Elizabeth Clift widow of the Into 3r. Edwrard CIft agied 52. She was upwaids of N. years hous-ekeeper at the HanwellLun~atic Asylu.
FBRGUqSSoN',S ITANDBOOK. OF ARCHa- TECGTZE.* - I I _ The cu 'jvraliOu of architecture as a fine art, happily a'rvancing as it is at plresent, even in the Brituh Islands, insures, a welcome reception of ev7sryobvious contribution. to its more perfect Cievalopment. The moro closely we aialyze its fundamental principles, -as applied in the buildinks of various races and-ages, and the wider we look-for objects of comparison, the more qualified we shall become to estimate its progress, ana to urge that progress in the proper direction.. -Withthis view it is most desirable to popularize the- knowledge of arehitectural masterpieces. We needed a manual which should give us a ~succinct account of all -the principal buildings of the world; which should be mtelligible to the generalreader, and yet inforuming to the professional -artist; which should be profusely ilustrated with specimens of all the styles known to have existed; which should. set free the great models locked up in splendid monographies, and condense the information displayed at length in the costly and cumbersome tomes of architectural libraries. We needed what the present volume purports to be, a "EHandbook" -of architecture, and, when we find that it answers perfectly its intended purpose, we treat it as a valuable and welcome addition to our current literature. It is so far well-timed that, if a work of this comprehensive class was especially required now, it was not till very recently that it could have been rendered so complete. During the present century, whatever shortcomingswe have shown, we have woiiderfully surpassed our ancestors in the acquisi, tion of materials for study. The earth has been ransacked from its populous centres to its desolate places, where the monuments of the past had been secreted by nature from all but the detective instinct of genius: Ancient styles have been sifted like recent inventions, haveprevailed even as fashions, and have been exhibited by means of morceaux dcoisis beneath domes of crystal to our eclecticizing inspection. We have built many and costly edifices, selecting for civic purposes the models of Greece and Rome, multiplying churches in the forms of the middle ages, and clubs and palatial houses in those of the Renaissance. Our travellers of late years have been thronging in with plans pictures, and measurements of othervarieties from all climes; and we now stand on a pinnacle from which we can survey in an architectural sense al the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them. To realise the fullness of the information we have accumulated, we have barely to extend our glance beyond the present generation. When Piranesi finished his illustrations of architecture (about 1783) the only styles known or thought worthy of attention were the Roman and the styles derived from it, with a dawning suspicion of the value of Greek art. When Durand (in 1800) published his famous Parasllle, he devoted " one plate out of 63 to Gothic art, and half a plate sufficed for all that was then known of Egyptian, while the Indian and. many of the outlying styles were almost wholly unknown." Agincourt did something for Gothic art in 1811; so did John Britton with his pioneering industry, and Pugin subsequently with his artistic perceptions. The Scotch diletteti had devoted themselves to Greece and to the fragments of its matchless temples, and more than one of them obtainedthe title of "Athenian." Gell reproduced the remains of Pompei, while others, by various processes, popularized the colossal splendours of the valley of the Nile. Since those days Owen Jones has made drarwings of the Alhambra, Sir Charles Fellows has explored Lycia, and Mr. Layard dugup Nineveh. All the-while we have been gathering tribute from the distant East, and now obtain, as a supplement, to researches in that direction, representations of the latest discoveries in Central America. At the same time, the researches set on foot at home have passed into afinror, and archaeology from English sources has overflowed our islands. We have not an old castle in which some society has not picnicked, or an abbey of which savans have not discussed the style, with all its incidental mullions, canopies, crockets, and finials, with almost as much avidity as their sandwiches and champagne. Whoever comes last to compile these results has evidently the largest harvest to glean, and in this particular 31r. Fergusson has the advantage over Wiebeking in Germany, over Ranieo and Batissier in France, and over Giitts RE ycylopmdia of, Areli. tecture in our owvn country. But there are some other points in which his handbook is still more satisfactory. It is a better combination of the popular and scientific. The sections and elevationa on the one hand, and the plans on the other, are, with as few exceptions as possible, on a umiform scale. The immediate comparison of any two buildings at a glance is therefore facilitated; and we should add that MIr. Fergusson's own antecedents have peculiarly qualified him for an excursive disquisition. We recognize him, by the fly-leaf oppo. site his preface, as an illustrator of the "rock-cut temples of India," and of other " ancient architec-. ture in Hindostan ;" as an inquirer " into the true principles of beauty in art;;" the critic of "a proposed new system of fortification," and demonstrator of "the peril of Portsmouth ;" an observer of " the British Museum, National Gallery, and National Record-office," with suggestions for their improvement; an essayist on "the ancient topo. graphy of Jerusalem," and a would-be restorer " of the palaces of Nineveh and Persepolis ;" in addition to which, as we have reasons for knowing, Mr. Fergusson is by profession a practical architect. He omimences his work by an inquiry into the principles which are common to all architectural excellence, the conditions to which Egyptian, classic, and medireval artists have alike submitted, and which, when fulfilled by the patient races of India, by the Tartars of Thibet and China, orby the savage Mexicans, have enabled them also to pro-. duce great and beautiful buildings. Architecture is oigina-lly as useful an art as weaving or ship-building, and the purpose of shelter which it ordinarily contemplates must be seen to be atttamned in its proper examples. The parts of its edifices should at the same time be so arranged as to produce the most stately and ehigant effect consistent with their uses. Their ornaments, also, should express and harmonize with their construction, and be as elegant in themselves as the architects can design. Yet, architecture, as the art of Oruy,fmental and orMamtenIted consst)uction, is dependent, like all other arts, upon very simple elements. Size alone is an element of success, and one of the most certain, though insuflicient of itself without other accompaniments. Combined with beauty of proportion and elegance of ornament, it is infinitely more effective than the latter by themselves. The Temple of Theseus, for example, differs but little, except in dimensions, from that of the Parthenon, and hardly at all, except in this particular, from the Temple of Jupiter at Muis; yet, because of itn smaller size, it ranks lowerthan these great examples. Stkablity is the next element, and that not merely the strength adequate to support a roof or to resist thrusts and pressures, but the excess of strength over mechanical requirement which is necessary to satisfy the mind and to give to the building a monumental character and an expression of duration. Such is the well known efrect of the Pyramids and of the Hypostyle-hall at Carnac, and such is an important element in the superiority of the Parthenon to the Pantheon, for the pillars of the Athenian temple, relatively to their height, are twice as massive as those of the Roman. Yet we find A r. Fergusson himself insisting too rigourously on this element when he stigmatfies as a toutr (le force and as objectionable the marvelous Choir of Beauvais, the aspiring lightness and seeming fragility of which are as obviously beauties to the eye of taste. Another element which the Gothic architects ignored is the massiveness of the materials employed, and, again, their precious qualities or their independent beauty. C0str'uetive skiig, as far as it implies the economical use of means to ends, is only, in Mr. Ferguisson's eyes, the chief object of an engineer. The archi- tect may use construction ashis handmaid, butmnust address himself to effects which are far beyond the mechanical necessities of the builder. The Egyptians and Greeks were acquainted -with the arch, but they invariably preferred the simpler though more expensive horizontal beam. The Eindoos even refuse to employ the arch to this day, notwithstanding the example has been set them by The Mahommedans. "An arch," as they quaintly say, " never sIeeps ;" and, though this may refer to its thrust and pressure, it is equally true of its * s7welzustrazeZ HaczrnToOkof Archittecure;* being aconcise a.nd populara. comte5of tdhe Odifferent tyles oF cri4c .BA. &UyLac. olsg skwitb5Oiinraionsonl Iod uy edp ~ Jnferiority in -epose anda harmony to its simnpler but more costly ' e4uiealen. Mr. Fergsson 1 shows how, -the same - principle. is illustrated by the differences of the, Eunglish, French, ancI German Gothic, in the last of wvichi conai4ctive shill is generally shown at the expense of sublimity, and even of grace. Under this head Mr. Fergusson compares the area with the golid masses of 16 of the most remarkable buildings of the world, and makes, the inferenice- which some wil be ready.to dispute, that " the architectural-effect of a building is nearly -in inverse ratio -to -the-- mechanical cleverness, displayed in its construction." - On the very difficult and complicatea question Co 'form Mr. Fergusson contents himself with saying: very little. Ile discreetly confines himself to the conclusion that perfection lies somewhere betweensublinity and elegance. Pportpion he 'discusseIs more elaborately and at more length than we canfollow him. The attentionto proportion by the Greek and Gothic architects, and its neglectby- the Egypians, the Romans, and even in St. Peter's-atiome, are cursorily illustrated. With respect to ornamleiit'U,. distinctions are drawn between such as' xte'archite4turally proper or improper; and even then: there is, the limitation thatthe ornaments shouldbe adapted' to the construction; otherwise, to use Pugin's clever antithesis, " theynare constructed oinament, not ornamented construction." Colou,r may be used internaly with few restrictions, anid externally ih-' such climates as Greece and Egypt, if the site. allMws the colour to be seen relieved against the 'sky. A- red-brick building, again, is appropriate with a background of trees, where a building of white stone would fail to satisfythe eye. As M Fergussonproceeds he entertains other topics, and, among them, the question whether wemay expect ever againto have dn original style. Mr. Fergusson sees no absolute limits to the prospect; but with a view to its realization he urges strenuously a 'greater reliance upon our own invention, and a less servile imitation of existing models and styles. Our modern bridges, our Crystal Palaces, and some recent warehouses in the north offer promising elements in different directions, but our artmust rise upwards into igherspheres and avail itself of a still more diversified knowledge. before it can attain to systematic excelence. After Mr. Fergusson has laid laid don"his ptinciples he proceeds to describe all the iportant styles and buildings of the world. His two volumes contain no less than 837 pictorial illustrations, most pleasingly executed, of such a variety of edifices as we have never before seen separately, stil less collected. Many of them, and those by no means the least important from their comparative beauty and novelty, 'are fromMr. Fergusson's own drawings. Some of the best recent works, and especially those on Indian and Oriental arclhitecture, have been made to contribute their share. But most of these designs are clearly and effectively engraved on wood by Mr. Branston, and the whole constitute one of the most admirable pictorial works of a popular class which an age fertile in such works has hitherto produced. The comprehensive character of the book -would best be shown by extracting entire its elaborate table of contents from the Buddhist architecture, with its successive styles, to the Byzantine, with its Armenian and Russian aberrations. It is only possible, however, to note a small part of its extended commentary, and this in a cursory mannertaking, for example, those Oriental styles which are the least familiar, and the examination of which,-in the spiritof Mlr. Fergusson,is so fuUof instractionand promise to ourselves. Of these the Buddhist, the earliest known style of the Indian peninula, is illustrated throughoutitsvarious transitions, and itspeculiarities and beauties are insisted on with taste as well as learning. The topes and monoliths set up byAsoka in the middle of the third century B.C., are the oldest monuments hitherto discovered in India. Next, we have the modifications of the tope which are derived, as Mr. FergussoA conceives, from the Oliental umbreUa. The rock caves or temples come next, of which new discoveries are continually made, of which nearly 50 groups exist in India Proper, and of which it is stated that probably not less than athousand distinct specimens may yet be found. These caves are principally on the western side of India, in comparative proximity to the rock-cutting Egyptians and EBthiopians, but they owe their origin apparently to the facilities sug-~ gested by a rock formation of great thickness and uniform texture which lies in horizontal strata, and is generally exposed in perfectly perpendicular cliffs. Of these eaves, that of Karli, of wilch a pictorial representation is given, is an admirable specimen; and lr. Fergusson does not fail to remark the solemnity and grandeur of its interior from its perfect mode of lighting by an undivided volume of light coming through a single opening overhead at a very favourable angle, and faling directly on the altar or principal object in the building, leaving the rest in comparative obscurity. The various modifications of these cave temples, to that of Kannari at Salsette, a debased specimen, are carefully detailed, and iBustrations are given of the piUars at Ganesa and Ajunta, one of the latter of which is exquisitely ornate, though broad and simple in effect, and only inferior, as we think, to a specimen of the southern Eiindoo style fiom Kylas, Ellora, depicted on page 115 of the same volume. Of such pillars Mr. Fergusson himself justly says that "they are more massive than in our heaviest Norman examples, and are designed with aboldnessunmatched in any columnar architecture." he have no space for Mr. Fergusson's description of the architecture of China and Cental America, for that of Syria, Assyria, Persia, and Asia Minor, for the Eagyptian and classic styles, the Sassanian and Saracenic-all which go to complete his first volume. His second is devoted to Christian architecture in its varieties of Ronanesque, Loxbayd, Rlhenish, and the different manifestations of Gothic in the north and south of E5urope, and, lastly, to the Byszantine, with its variations, which he teats as a creation of the same spiritual influence His work is still incomplete, and he properly invites contributions from every quarter to render it worthy of the noble subject it is intended to illusraute. But, even in its present degree of excellence, it is the most usefulIcontribution wve have yet seen to' the art of which it is the manual, the Igreatest enlargement of its scope, and the best Iguarantee of its progress.
LEZTTR-OPENrNG. TO T EDITOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-llecent events have again called the attention of the public to the notoriously common practice of letter. opening, more especially in country districts. Can no remedybe devised? Must all our correspondence -even upon our most private, delicate, or urgent affairsbe necessarily exposed, from time to time, to the prying curiosity of the petty shopkeeper at the post-office, and thence disseminated, to become the gossip of the village, from the parlour to the taproom? Lot c. no oomor, for instance, into a country townL Ur village but pay strict attention to the seals and the state of envelopes of the letters addressed to him, and he will find, with few exceptions, that his correspondence has invariably been tampered with. Well, you can memorialize the Post-office !-Yes, and, in return, receive a few pSinted blank forns to Ill1 up, which lead to no result. Until lately, when a kind neighbour took my letters from the letter-carrier, they were thrown into a taproom window for delivery. Begging the aid of your powerful pen upon this subject, allow me to inclose for your inspection the envelope of a letter receeived by me this morning, the seal in the exact state as delivered. The re-sealing and the re-closing must be apparent to every one. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. elFtOPI21t12 qlkqvnn Ashmead-villa, Hayes, Mlddlesex, Jan. 23.
BANEHVOTE FOBEE'ES THE AIASTATIC PROOESS. I - TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir-Xbeg MIr. Appeltobelievethatlhave notforamoment donoted his statement on oath as to his ha n rodued , IoPy of a Bank of Enftd note; but of which note? only reste its inconsistency with his partner,Captain Gl a's, failure in mny instanteey hub Mr. A., wlth an impenetramity and dexterity thateude my hurnble attenmpts either to drive, lead, or temnot him Io this point-the tre point of interhit in the argument-s hp upon his performances of unidry idnds as a re%lmto eballenges of quite another, except by unproved asertions. Bankers cannot be blind to this distinction. Now, IsuggesttollMr.Appel, asameans of proof by aat anduncoutradUctedfact,wech wouId m atenalnyserve hisrpuose,ebathoshouldeau- idlynow reporttothuewerldS in adofhissweepingstatementawhether hissaidimitatlonof the Baniof -iandnote wsfromthe old one, in the copperplatostyle; orthe new one, frorathesurface. This woudd be owme reasonable answer to mydoubts,withoutf urther inents andif be has not effecteda transfer of the old Bank of id note why not? As he had authority to test the one, doubtless, bad he desired it, it ould have been extended to the other; which, for augBht he bas yet told us to the contrary. mnyhbave bee n,as" perverse " in its intuerity as in this matter remas, Sir, yeurs respectfulY an obedi Lon.don. fl. Sher?bonelne. .. 23. : XFL -DURIII a;ll kractical reinter." whose addreo wM cmittod, pleaoe callatfl, e"barne-lane 2 r -- -- CRYSTAL PALACE.-ON Sml GDAY, Thur!day, Jam. 24. Admissions on payment, 549; ditto by sewason ticketp 145. Total sisitors, C94.
. - -.. I AULITAI?YEDUCAVMX"- . ' . ? ?E 74 S E-WER .-%.- _7J TO T TEE EOTR THLE TIMES. .Sir,-.bsenco fromthome-haspreventedamy seeing M..oi- - General I ewis letter,.publiseill -7w Tinesof last Satuir-: ,day, till to-day. ~I tak6theai&ot:eportunity of writin, and hopoe that you3: raijee thi,ouguijte, roogm. I undertnci :ba4or"i'GArerlwisto ol3ct;'mEiat fica 'capacity as Idet tZeitof.t4 tls 310yal-, Ml'itarty Academy at Woolwi h; to c&tain.st ents of mmine in thehsl7t Vcsftiniftih*e4,sSJ>, 6ra'op heof,*' ,,dm *now. He seems te dnt i,w,ith-,nse'-tht its-iacipline. e- - hrsig, at smce, denies that "since the rule of thelate captdin 'of the cadets ceased on his promotion, tho relaips'4e -t Acadamy ntlnnhsir months has been so notoriiusth atits present conditin his been broight by the tublic press under the notice of the an -thorities, a -requiring their promptaid vigorous i tion." Healso denies that "scrupulous. parents-decde against subjecting their sons to- the temptations of the Aeademy." , ', -of -t' He cals my observations "an unfounded misstatement5" "a gross invention of ain anonymqusauthr," "u-ttering untraths." These are hard words. Vhat is his evidence agoistr me? He begins by attacking "the ignorance and love of de -traction*hich often appear inth- pubtlic press2'.. lleave it to you, Sir, as the leader of the public press inthis country, to dealwith this sweeping accusatinn. It does not particularly touch me. The Lieutenant-Governor mustprovo iny ignorince ia'd7 ifylovvef otdetraction, if he wvould do anything to the purpose. iAnd this he endeavouri to do by appealing to two peers - and " to several members of the Houso of Commons," who have had sons at lthe Academy. Ten days have elapsed since this challenge was made, buttit has not been answered. These-;witnesses have been called by the Lieutenant-Governor, who has put words into their-_ mouths; but they have not appeared, nor said a word of their own. The next evidence is that of Major-General lewis himself. He says that he, as Lieutenant-Governor, is the responsible authority, and not the captain of the cadets; that, though certain dismnissals for misconduct have taken place since the cessation of the rule of the late captain of the cadets in 1854, the " improvements" then effected " have been increased; that irregularities are less in number and moral turpitude than when the late captain left; which may be proved by the returns of the defaulters books." The case, ihe Lieutenant-Governor says, is his; but can he bear witness of himself ? Are his unsupported assertions of sufficient weight? There are the " returns." If these were ex.amined and compared vith those made under the late rule by one having knowledge of the discipline then and now, the conclision would probably be, not that . ffences have been less, but that therm has been less vigilane in reporting them. But the lieutenant-Governor candidly acknowledges that there are facts against him. Mr. HE Drtmmond, he says, has complained of the state of the Academy at the War-office; other members of the House have complained, and have- elicited a promise from Lord Panmure that " a radical change shal be effected as soon as practicable." Then, Mr.- Dickens has published in the Household Words "an Ill-natured article on the Academyv. To be sure, " these radical changes are founded on ignozance, prejudice, and departmental jealousy." But, however that may be, just sum up the evidence on either side as given by the LieutenanCGovernor himself. He has with him members of Parliament, who are called but not forthcoming, himself, and the returs. He assigns tome the War Minister, the author of the radical change; Mr. Drummond, and his colleagues in the House, with the inteDigent and unprejudiced public generaly as represented by the editor of the Household WYords. This is the state of the question on the Lieutenant-Governor's own showing. And here I might safely stop. I have sufficiently answered the Lieutenant-Governor -out of his own mouth, but I am anosious to do more. I wish to satisfy him and you, and aD interested in military edaucition, thatIhad adequate grounds for the statements which I made. I will therefore give my reasons. Major-General Lewis ask-s you, Sir, to inspect the Royal Military Academy. Why, Sir, you have done so already; you are my first and chief authority. Your own commissioner visited the Royal Artillery establishments at WooL wich; and on MaY 9, 1855, you published these words in his report:-" We regret to add that the discipline of the Academy, which for some few years was maintained at a high standard, has recently very much deteriorated, and is at this moment in a condition which demands the immediate attention and interference of- superior authority." Why did the Lieutenant-Governor leave this uncontradicted, and then complain of me as a gross inventor and uatterer of untruths for simplyrepeating it ? I did not suppose that you had idly made this statement; but, for my part, I determined I would not idly copy it. The Lieutenaut-Governor has never invited me to Woolwich, but I have been there more than once. I have been all over the Academy. I instituted inquiries in a quarter -which, were I at hlberty to mentionit, would be acknowledgedthevery best source of information. Your statement was altogether borne out. Not content with this, I consulted three parents of cadets, two under the late captain of cadets, one under the present. The story was the same. They entered into various particulars and instanced various circumstances in proof of their opinions. Am I not justified? Did I not make every reasonable inquiry? DidInot exercise due caution? I cannot, indeed, name my witnesses; I am not at liberty to do so. These communications were made to me as to a gentleman, and I am not going to abuse that confidence. It would be al very weU for the Lieutenant-Governor's friends to come forward and pass compliments on the institution, were they so inclined, which it does not appear they are. This would be a support, all the more agreeable because not only not attended w-ith any self-sacrifice, but bearing positive fruits of advantage. I am really astonished that no parent has answered the Lieutenant-Governor's challenge, and thereby secured for his son the substantial advantages of the goodwiill of so high an authority in the Academy. For myself and, my witnesses, had we the hides of hippopotani, the shafts of " departmental jealousy" would pierce them. " The man -who attacks a fourishing establishment," says Paley, " writes with a halter round his neck. Few will be found to attempt alterations, but men of more spirit than prudence, of more sincerity than caution. If we wait for improvement till the cool, the calm, the discreet part of mankind begin" (till Lieutenant-Governors solict or depart mental oflicers propose it), ",Iwill venture to pronounce that, without His interposition with whom nothing is impossible, we may remain as we are till the renovation of all things." Major-General Lewis, in his highly discursive letter, in troduces other topics. I wrote, "Let Government close all their so-called military schools for boys, in which, from the very age of the pupils, not military but general learning is taught; and let them found a rcally nditit-y collWein which young men shall be instructed in special professional subjects immediately before, entering on their military duties." My remark referred rather to Carshalton and Sandhurst than to Woolwich, vhich, however, the lieutenant-Governor defends by sending you an abstract of regulations for study. I again ta4e refuge undef the shadow of V7ic Tines. You wrote in the report already quoted thus:-" In the Academy you have the Government turned teacher of elementary education, instead of being, as it ought to be, strictly the practicalinstructor in the technicalities of the service." HIow can the studies of boys of 1 hn "special and professional"' This age requires "general, not military learning," and I repeat that such is the character of the instrLuction at WoolwichA&cademy. In proof of my assertion, I forward you certain regulations respecting the academy, in which you will see this paragraph:- X "N.B. The class-books now in use at the Royal Military A cademy are the «eC 2CYe;nzen tery Co urse prepared for Xh institution, in three volumes, of -which vol. 1 contains AiEthmetic and Algebra ; voL. 2, Geometry, Tamerr's Fi)endsh Greunncr,a and ezerc-ises, and Tsugpaneges-'s German Gs-tscGnor." :. The contents of the third volume are not mentioned; but supposing these to be purely professional, two-thirds of the instruction is obviously general, and the whole is celed " ele7en7tary." Mly assertion and my regulations refer to the theoretical or junior class. Does the abstractof studies refer to the same part of the institution, or to the practical and senior class ? The distinction is important. So much for Major-General lewis. . - For myself, the anonymous writer, the gross inventor, the utterer of untraths, it appears that the War Minister has anticipated me in some of my recommendations, and is about to carry out others. In the Ordnance corps there is open competition for admission, and there isto be a " rally military college." The line will soon follow. This is my sufricient justification; it is more, it is the source of the most sincere and unselffish satisfaction. I am! a hearty well-wisher to the Academny. I have endeavoured to improve it. Were I uninfluenced by public spit, I have the strongest possible private reasons for promoting its moral and intellectual advancement. Mly relations -with the Academy are more intimate thanthe Iieutenant,Governor supposes. My inquiries were prompted by no. "Jove of detraction," but by motives which the lieutenant-Governor as aparent would honour. I am personally an-exemplification of my remarki I have been warned against sending-a son to the Academy; but I haye faith in it. I anticipate a glorionu future for it, and for Major-General Lewis as its Lieutenant-Governor. I quiteappreciate and respect his feelngs in defending the Academy; but I think hinmistaken. Let him appreciate my motives in attempting to 'gaide an baform ubp1zo; ands a~ forthe better`,-he ma m n 'Inn .'merirt. him take oor.:"f_i ,cen nd lu'i&s of bookmakerq," of 27 Mimr, of tihe1,X,,wI4 Troy*.- ti~9F the',Wetsmmin!r &c tu} #11 tr,eznovo ;nY -prejudioes" and perhaps tveiwbis .wn, for I'tike Id=ii t bda £air man, abeit imused 'to, educ6tioalltpi-Om and.opento the envaction Whak.cnot fil.e'} lim;. 'whel looking from a lugLr po_nt of -wieiV-na rom-more enlarged- informatioti - n, aFter' the prEd :Acoess of those changes. wich ho now desires -"-et. pconed."~ ->; - !- .J Pew 'Ive.a debt to pay. Trough the -public preass iLkr4 received expresnons of cordial spathy To i1l4 above allto youi Sir-I.offerthe asuran-ce of iny infe%gje thanks for support gsveu,- ma,t'to ,me- for mny name is pFn. known-but tothe caus. Iattribute much of thatnork tothemannerinwnchthe'Westireviewe,ev hoi e he may be,' has deilt w4ith ts quesfion. HRe his atie facts, and he has reasoned on tiem. He has meutjoned,. necessarily. no names; hehas wounded no sceeptbilitiee he has attacTked no iudividuals; he has accused no 3' 'General of favouritism, caumnniated no 3Inister of Stite, He altogether disbelieves in vulgar imputtations apilst -tho honourand truth of meiin hilghi bSice. No doul4bthey make mistakes- that isthelotbf-hwnanity. -No doubtthey have-promoted fiends and relations on p neiplesoE jrgg andpatronage; that has been the:acInowledged and Y'V ditional mode of governing this, contry. let it Mb e understood that selection is to be by meri, and merit by emiafion, and there is-no-doubt-as -o the hanestV tiff which these morc enlightened views willbe c=ined ouw I remain. vour obedient set-vsnt --- - - THE AUTHOR OF 'lE ARTICLE ON2 MTLt. TARY EDUCATIONIN THE WESTMINSTEl RIYEVIEW. P.S. Sincewritingthe above, I have seen another leiter which MajorGeneral Lewis hasaddressed to you "3"cor. roboration of his statement as to the mora condition of the institution." He produoes the retorns of the d4aultern previonsly mentioned by him. I repeat, these retsin% prove, not crinm, but dctcdion. If there be fewer' ao. farlters returned since the rule of the late captain of cadets ceased, then there have been fewer defaulters founE out; there have not beea necessarily fewer defaulters. An illustration -will put the thing more clearly. A coiintg police is established; the retrms of convictions are macla higher than before. Is crime therefore more rife' * no means; it is only more exposed and puni1hed-that isaall; but, let me add, that is everything with a view to repres. sion, and if there be fewer offenders retumed now at- the Academy than before offences will increase. And that iS my position. Major-General Lewis next produces some "statistical detais of more importance,"he says, " to the point at issuethe moral state of the Royal Military Academy." These details refer-1, to the parentage of the cadets (there are so many sons of noblemen, of baronets, &a, and, last of all, five of unknown fathers. Oh fie Il r. Lieutenant. Governor, you should not allude to such scandals, ese. cially when on the subject of morals); 2, to the nationalitp of the cadets (so many EngXish, Scotch, &di.; and, lastly, 15 as ignorant of the ties of country as their lufortu. nate comrades are of kindred) ; 3, to the payments made by cadets according to parentage, from which it appears that, in the tbeoretical class, the civilans pay 14,87SL; the military 2,320I. a-year towards the suprt of this military schooL All which information is highly co0irimatory of the "W Westninster Reviewer" in manny parts of his article ; but what has it to do with "the point at issue-the inorai state of the Royal ilit'ary AcademyP' The Iieutehant. Governor think-s it proves something,forr eheus us mns u most ingenuouslyagainst himself *.-"And many candidates come here not very bighly gifted in moral and inteLlectual endovwments2 Thre I7 isrml7cr Seriea* never said anything half so craeL I Teally must defend the Academy against the lientenant-Governor, and assure the public that him statistical details and the rest of his letter no v;ay concern morals or, Yonr humble servant. THE W ESThIN1ST EVEEE1,
FRsxNcH Cou.ceznoox-An article in the Monioczir gives some details conce n.g the proeress and prospects of the colony of Nossibe. It says "T3ie Irla of ?Nossibu is, as regards colonization, the most interesting point of the establishments which France possesses sn the coast of Madagascar, and which comprise also Mayotte Sainte-Masie, D)zaoudzi, and }'arnanzL If ?ffayotfe and Dzaoudzi appear to be more particularly calculated. for a centre of commnerce and a military pston, No ;sib6,~ from the extreme mildness of its climate and the fertiity of it3 soil, is exclusively reserved for agrieultuallahours, coloniA productions, and a barter trade. The soil of Nossibd is, in act, fit for any kind of cultivation, the vegetation there beimg most luxuriant and rapid. Coffee, s6same, sugar-cane, and indigo gowthere without anygtery considerable care, and rice, patates, maie, and manioc in a natural state. Pzovi. sions are so abundant that they may be said to be givenl awray rather than sold. A native feeding on mnioc, patates1 or ninize does nDt generally expend more than a son a-day. This abundance of all the necessaries of life has rendered the natives gay and healthy. As to the plantations of the Europeans, they also appear most; satisfactory, and promise wel for the future. Indigo at, first did not answer very well, but the mode of mlantation has since become better understood, and the crop has been sufficient to keep four indigo factories well snpheld. -About 80 acres are now planted with sugar-cane, and the soil ap. pears to be so peculiarly adapted to it that the natives begn to folow the example of the French settlers, and etltivate it to some extent. A sugar manufactory has recently been established at NOlSb, with everyprospect of suecess. The s6same also appears to thrive well an the soil there, and will doubtlessproduce goodcrops. The facilitywith which the natives procured sufflcient food for their existence before the coming of the French rendered them atfla-t averse from anykind of labour, but their intercourse vwith the new comers has inspired them with wants which necessitate the possession of money or the means of exchange, which labour alone could procure for them. These wants, which Princ pally ccnsist of woven goods, mm, household utensil, an(i Jewelry for the women, induce them to give their labour tG procure them. The expenses of cultivation at Nossiba are very malL In order to prepare 2A acres of land for indigo, inclusive of clearng, plantin , &c. t,he outlay for the first year is 16Of., and for the second and following years 25f. The indigo gives three or four cuttings, according to the season, the three cuttings ielding lO()b. :Ebony wood is delivered on the spot at i0f. the ton, and is sold at Nossib6 at lOOf.; sandal wood, fit for fine cabinet-work in France, is sold at 200f. the ton; tortoLseshell is very abundant, and is worth from lOf. to 15f. a-pound, average quality. Trade on the coast of Mozambique and on the eastern coast of Africa is carried on by means of. barter. The principal articles red are cotton go both white and printed, for wvhich a very extensive market might be opened; French muskets, gunpowder, cooing vessels in iron, lead, gun'dmts, glass, jeweUy, &., would also find an excellent market, these articles being now plied by America. Nossib6 has an excellent and well. sheltered port, easy of access either by day or night, and -where all the materials for shipbuiding may be rocured ata very moderate prices. In fact, there seems to Ee no doubt. tnat this establishment may become an agricultural centra of great imiportance and an excellent cqtrep6t for the trade of Mozambique, the eastern coast of Africa, and, above alla of Mladagascar." "A Nic. ScxsE 3 IO's2'-TTnder This beading MEr. Dickers describes, in Houscuiotd 7Fords of this week, wvhat he witnessed one night outside the WVhitechapel workhouse .-"Onthe5th of last?November,I1thconduct4i of this jodl, accompanied by a friend well known to the public, accidentally strayed into Whitechapel. It was miserable evening; very dark, very muddy, andaraini hard. There are Thny woful sights inethat t of London and it has been well known to me in most of its aspects for many years. e had forgotten the mud and rain t slowly warkingalong andslooking about us, when oue foand ourselves, at S o'lock, before the workhouse. Crouched againtll the wall of the workhouse, in the dark street, on the muddy p-avement-stones, -with the rain raning upon them, wvereK five bundles of rags. They wvere motionless, and had nia resemblance to the human form. Five great heehives covered wvith ragsfive dead bodies tak;en out of graves, tiedg nick and heels, and covered with ragswould have' bookeu like those five bundles npon which the rain rained dovwn in the public street.~ ' What is this?5' said my c.ompanion. 'What is this? '5sSome uniscr.abla peoplc shut out of the casual -ward, I thml;,' said L. fllr. Dickens then describes his inquiries in the ?Iorkhouse,l He found that the women were shut out simply because the house was full) We went to the rae! bundle nearest the workhouse door, and I touched it. N?aO movement replyimg, I gently shook it. The rags began to be slowlv Etirred within, and by litt'le and littlehead was unsluroned-the head of a young woman of three or four and twenty, as I should judge, gaunt with want, and foul wvith dirt, but not naturallyugly. ' Tell us,' said I, stooping down, 'why are you lying here?' 'Because I can't get into the workhouse.' She spoke in a faint, dull way, and had no curiosity or interest left. She looked dreamily at; the black sky and the falling rain, but never looked at me or my companion. 'Were you here last night ?'IYes; all last rgiht, and the night afore too.' ' Do you know any of these others? ' I know her next bub one; she was here last night, and she told me she come ont of Essex, I don't know no more of her.' 'Youwereherealllast night, but; you have not been here alday? .' 'o; not all day.' 'WAherel hiave you been all day? 'A bout the streets.' jWhnt have? you hadto eat? ']Zothing.' 'Come,' saidd I,. 'thin;lk a little. You are tired-and have been asleep, anddo net; quite consider what you are saying to us. You have had something to eat to-day. Come I think of it.' 3ENo, I haven't. Nothing but such bits as I could pic; up aboat themirket. Why, look at me!' She bared her neck, andIcoveredit upagain 'If TOn had a shilling to get; some supper and aloging, should you mnow where to gel it.7' 'Yes, I conld do that.' 'IFor God's sake get it, then.' I put the money into her hand, and she feebly rosa and went away. She never thanked me, never looked at; me, melted away into the miserable might, in the strauestmaner I ever saw. I have seen many strange things, b1t; no' one that has left a deeper impmession on my memory thau the dull impassive way in which that worn-out heap of misery took that piece of money and was lost, I One by cne I spolke to all the five. In every one interest antd curiosity were as extinct as in the first. They were;all dul and languid. NTo one made any sort of profession or complaint, no one cared to look at me, no one3thankedme, When I came to the third, Isuppose she saw that iy cor onin and I glanced, with a new hor ror upon us,. at tho hsttwo, who had dropped against each other, in thent sleep, and were lying like broken images. She sid she 'beleved they wrere young aei6 These wcre the only words? that wrere originated amo?ng the five,"
AOYEY-ARKBadCIrTYNTELLIcThWC.I - eEngylish fumns maintain their upward tenaency, and have-closed at a further advance of a quarterper cent. Conaols for money, which left off resterday at 90i to -, were first quoted 9O; to i, ncnd reumained with only alight fluctuations uiintil the niiddle of the day, when there was a renewed dispoeition to effect puichases, and an advance took lace to 9I. -From this movemnen3t there was but a partia1 reaction, and the, final bargains were at £i to i for money, and 91 for the 7th of February. 33ank. Stock left:off at 209 to 210; Reduced, 91i; 3iewr Three per O§ent&, 91k to i; Long Annuities, toe 9-16; Annuities; 1885, 1&; India Stock, 217 to 220; Exchequer-bonds,- 97 to 98; and ~sidin Bonds and Exchequer-bills, 43. discount to IU the Stock-Exchange today inoney was in de3nand at high rates, partly inl consequence of the mal payment duet raorrowon Turkish scrip. Out of doors there was a fair supply at a fraction beIow the Bank rates. - There was great acti:vity-in foreign securities, and pSices geneally experienced a further improvement. he range in Turkish Si cper Cents, vwas nearly 2 er cent., and nan advance of 1 per cent. was fully rupported. The operations were at 91$ for money, gsd 9Qj, A, 91, 01i, , 4, -,91, 92, and 91§ for the r ceount.. In the Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip «argains took place at i dis., par, §, and i dis. The final quotation was i to 1 dis Peruvian, Mexican, 3?ortuguese, and other descriptions were also better. 33razilian Five per Cents.,New,100,; Buenos Ayres, i6; Chilian Six per Cents., 104, 'Granada New Active, 19I and 20; the Deferred, 7; Greek, 64 rnd 7; Mesxican, for account, 20Q, J, and 21; Peruvian, for money, 78-X; for the account, 77V, 78, 79i, &nd 78k; the Three per Cents, for the account, 55q xmd . 54; Portugaese, Four per Cents., 4S-i; Sardlinian Five per Cents., for account, 87A, 88, and :3S; Spanish Three per Cents.) 40k; forthe actount, 41+; the New Deferred, for account, 23+ mnd 23; Passive, 6a; Spanish Certificates; 5 5, 4, and 5per cent.; Venezuela, foraccount, 27+ and 2S; the Deferred, 12g; Datch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64a, 1, 65, 6q, and 65; and the Four per Cent. Cert-ificates, 96-1 and I The closineg quotations grom the Paris Bourse this revening failed to arrive, but the Three per Cents. opened at 68f. 80c., and almost immediately ad-vanced to 69f. 15c., showing an advance of a half .per cent. At Amsterdam prices, are generally iteady, and Pussiva has Qxperienced a further imfiroveient. The altered appearance of the Vienna mnoney-market is likew;ise well sustained, and it is atate1 that after regular hours yesterday there was 'ZL sudden risein the funds of about 4 per cent. The letters from Paris to-dy ind cate less ease in ithe money-market, and the iquidation at the end of the month isexpected tobe avery heavy one. ,lhe exchange on London was rather lower. In flolland also it has a downward tendency. At Hamburg money is easier, the rate of discount having *receded to 4k per cent. In the markets for Russianproducethedisposition to rely uipon peace seems to augment, and they are .extreniely dull at a further sEght decline. The East India and China Association have published their usual comparative statement of vessels 'both British and foreign, with their aggregate tonnage, entered inward and cleared outward with cargo from and to places within the limits of the 33ast India Company's charter, from the 1st of January to the 31st of December, 1854 and 1855. The statistics of vessels entered inward show that in the case of the port of London there was an increase of 42 vessels and 45,251 tons, the difference -between 824 vessels withacapacity of 443,515tons tcnd 866 vesels with a capacity of 488,766 tons. 'Liverpool exhibits an increase of I vessel and 29,998 tons, the arrivals in 1854 having been 260 vessels suith a capacity of 160,572 tons, and in 1855 261 s ressels with a capacity of 190,570 tons. The return for Bristol also presents an increase of 1 vessel, but a decrease of 161 tons; the difference between 31 vessels with a capacity of 13,380 tons in the former and 32 vessels with a capacity of 13,225 tons in the latter period. With regard to the return for Clyde, there is adecreaseof 20vesselsand5,358tons; (he difference between 55 vessels with a capacity of 20,079 tons and 35 vessels with a capacity of 14,721 tons. Taking a review of these statistics, it appears that the net increase is 24 vessels and 69,730 tons; the arrivals in 185 having been 1,170 vessels -with ai capacity of 637,552 tons, and in 1855 1,194 vessels with a capacity of 707,282 tons. The principal arivaIs have been from Calcutta, China, and the Cape of Good Hope. The statistics of vessels cleared outward exhibit in the case of the port of London a decrease of 231 vessels and 21,276 tons, the difference between 912 ressels writh a capacity of 452968 tons in 1854 and 681 vessels wvith a capacity of 431,692 tons in 1855. The return for Liverpool shows an increase of 25 *'vessc-L and 66,739 tons, the departures in 1854 aving been 440 vessels writh a capacity of 313,745 tons, and in 1855 465S vessels with a capacity of :380,484 tons. In the case of Bristol there is a decrease of 2 vessels and an increase of 2,852 tons -the difference between 15 vessels with a capacity of 5,134 tons and 13 vessels with a capacity of ,986 tons. The return for Clyde exhibits a decrearse of 17 vessels and an increase of 2,150 tons, the departures in 1854 having been 124 ve3sels with a capacity of 60,749 tons, and in 1855 107 vessels with a capacity of 62,899 tons. !aking a review of these figures, it appears that the net decrease in the number of departures is 225 -eA, with an increase of 50,465 tons, showing a continued tendency to the construction and employzment of ships of larger capacity. The figures for 185A and 1855 respectively are 1,491 vessels with a Caacity of 832,-596 tons, and 1,266 vessels vwith a capacity of 883,061 tons. The principal departures .zie been for Calcutta, Madras, China, Singapore, gnd the Cape of Good Hope. I The annexed note relates to the debts of four out of the five petty republics of Central America:- " Sir,-As yon most justly remark in the City Article of to-day " that the prospect of the really delinquent States of America being brought to a better course must dependc chieffy upon keeping them constantly before the world in nlceIu1 isolation from respectable comunities," I beg -~ wt Vibe so obligig as to alLow four of the States of Cenitzal Amerca-viz.,Guatemala, San Salvador, Honduras, and 2--icaragua-occasionally with the delinquent States ofNorth America, to take their ptfce I before the world in disgraceful is-olation;J for, on the first day of next month, there will be I 23years' interest due on a debtof those four States, amount- ' iEl to 25,00oW. The debt they owe in capital is only 3r-A,00O., and 9,000t. perannunfrom the four States would have satisfied their creditors, and would have kept up their credit in Europe. They have not the excue of inability, for they abound in mineral wealth and other most valuable Vrod=cc alv-ys saleable in the European 3narkets. " Youra, "A BOIL1JHOMLE AND SUBSCRIBER TO THE LOAN AT 73 PEP. CENT. *8 Jan. 23."1 The Board of Trade have to-day certified a further addition of 100,000. to the subscribed capital of the Poyal British lBank (now 300,004.), n which oO per cent. has been paid ; 172 new share.holders have subscribed the deed of constitution duringthe past year, of whom 112 have joined in thle last s ix months. The amount paid into the Treasury of the East India-house for bills on India from the 9th to the 24th inst. was 227 S . The Ban7_enk e ?as in fiurnishes the returns of - circulaltfjn of the privata and joint-stock banks in 3ugand and Wales for the four weeks endingthe 22d of December, 1855, and gives the following as the -tverage weekly circulation of those banks during the ast month-viz.:- Private banks .38... ... ... ... 23842196 * Joint-stock banks ... ... ... ... 3,058,165 Average weekly circulation -6 ...£6,901L153 On comparing the above with the returns for the 1receding month, ending the 24th of November last, it xhows- A decrease in the circulation of the private hank, Of ... £1.8,..2 & decrease in the circulationof the joint , stock banks of ... ... ... . 62338 Docresse on the month -1,20 uAnd ascompadwiththe hetr for-tlieconpeonod. ingperiod of the preceding. year-viz., December -2, 18S4, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the priTat- 1,aaksof- A decrease in. the circlati of th joi £0 atock banks of . .. . 14,573 Decrease on the year ... ... ... On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed isaueg, the following appears to be the cm.- Earatire state ofthe cirouation.- liieprivatebanlsksbelowtheirfixediaue £50,729 The joint-wtock bsanks are below their fixed issues ... ... ... ... . 2..,97. Total below their Axed isaes ... £1,006,70
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. The railhay-market Svas further favourably influenced by purchases, and the advance anged fro nm lOs-. to 11. per share. The demand for granteed securities has- largely cre ed and East Indian descriptions hat~e beeni freey pruchased. Grrand Trunk of Canada' were firna'er, - in 'onseqiience of a reportof an arangement betweentho. contiactors and some English and .Fr6nch- capitalists, which may tend to limit the isue of B shares. In the sbares of the Australian'land and binking companies there has not been much Aetvity, but guotations in some cases are rather higher. Mining securities have been steady, -with a moderate amount of business. OBRDARY-EsHAnRs,ND STOEB.
TRADE REPORT. Thursday Evening. S&Csn-The market is without alteration. At public sale 83 bags 31aurtius sold at 37$. to 41s. for low to fine borownu, an 46s. to 47s. for good yellow crystallized; S2hMds. foreign Muscovado, at 401s. to 40s. 6d. for low to middling yellow; 3,234 bags Brazil were also offered, but wvithdrawn, at very high rates. Of West India3S50hhds. have been sold COorn-256 casks, 200 bags plantation, and 260 bags ntive Ceylon were put up at auction; the former wvas disposed of at full prices, 59s. to 62s. for small gray to low mieddling; the !latter brought 5& to 52s. 36d. for good or. dinary, and S,s for good; w-hich is 6d. per cwt. advance. COoCmxNt-A0 bags in public sale to-day went off at full prices to id. dearer; ordinary Teneriffe silver, 3s. 8d. to 3s.9d.; blael; 3s. ld. to, 4s.Od.; Honduras amallto bol.d pea grain, 3s. 6d. to 4s.
.STATTEOF TRADE. RANCHESTER, JAy. 24. The market for cloths and yarns had a more active ap. pearance thar on Monday and TuLesday, and buyers appeared somewhat more willingto give the rates sought by m3nufac. turers in the early part of the week. Long cloths, shirtings, and madapollams were in reguest, and the demand embraced most of the counts ard qualties produced. The announcement on the Exchaege that iMessrs. aelly and Gilmour, spiners and manufacturers, had stopped suspent 3eared to take almost every one by surpnse. Te liabilties are not known with certainty, hut are gene. rally reported at about 120,000l., of which 40,0007. are owing to merchants who have a mnortgage on the mill, and 16,0001. to the bankcers, who are covered to the amount of 5,0007. only. The failure has created the greater sensation because it is the second of the firms whose operatives have lately struck against a reduction of w;ages that has had to suspend payment.
THE -CORN TRADE. MANCESTERE JAN. 24 The trade has grandUliy reovererL from the conuision IntO WCIIC it was thrown flst Thursday bythe anmouncement of the acceptance by Russia of terms of peace, and more certanty asregarda priceshas ensued. htdl buyers have actd very cautiously, and the transactions in allartides have been extremelylimited The decine subrittedto in the earlypast of the weel;, wfhere holders were preRssig, w,as ftom . to 4s. per quarter on Enlish mnd hL. to p& Per 701b. on American wheat; 2a to 4s. per sack on fou 3d. to I per 4Sb on oat Is. to 2s. per load on oatmeal; andl. to I. per quarter onbeaus and iarley on the advancedrates demauded at thcommencement of our last market day; hut7witbin the past day or two there were fevwer seUers at this reduction. At Lterpoolthe anreaI from aroad are liberal of wheat, beans, and Iadian corn, hut only scanty of do0r: and from Ireland v iththo exoeption of oatmea = of which about 10,000 a03ds have come to band the reeie' s eaots' mdodeste Ourmarentths o-rnigwaswell attended, sadW a &so S eelu.g was apparent on the parteof sDellers.Buyers, however, being die. anpomrtedatnot betas able to supply themselaves at as lov prices asn they expected, the sales effected were to a limited extent only, at the foAowingreduetio on the currency of this day fo inwght- werah wheat, is. to 53. per quarter t Americant Wo to er Per 701b; f our. 2s. top a. persack oats, id. perw451u ; oatmeal, ls. per load ia n beanua and barley each Is. per qlwrter tthui recovering a portin0 of thO dreviou noted during the week. at a declie of 4s. to 5s. per quarteri at Worceste same dsy, 3s. to . per quarter reduction was rubmitte& to. Barley offeringis.per quarter lower; without fording buyers. Beans adpeasheld forprevious rates, Oats were taken sowly, at the prices of that day se'nnight. During the present week, our miers offered about last msrCet dabut mires for wheat, with which holders wil not comply, ad dtory lit ttl bstocbansgsedandf Barley . oa4 burean,anres onaley ntaksen 6n rtai3 At Wolveroampton, yesterday, trewas3 arort svutpplyof weat, yetf - fce w ere nominaly 3s to 4a Per quarter lowJer, and the milers re. dueed the retaipriee of fourSPs. 4d. Per sadcl readily at s. toma2rkee quaeruiter =abOvret ouyr q>uotations or this daYse'nnight. Basley mzantains itavalue. Oats td,per quarter ch"eaper. BeanS and peasheld for formeer rate. BIISTOI , JAd. 2Lh Our market shmre last wreek baa beenunlder the induenta of the altered state oi political affairs, hence very lttle doing in wYheat., but the few lesofEuglihefferted. are at a reduction of about a s. per quarter from the cursenciesofthtis dayfornight. T.daSdy therewraar therderline, but values generally0 ar i a very, unsettled state In fr4saclanythingdoing. andpriea mustbe quoted nomninall .a05cserorr. Oats andheans aslow trade,and vallues of eachi tendirl dovr4Barley in fair request at our quotation3, . - GLOBaELt,JAy*s.2 fiince our report od Saturday no material alteration baa taken place in the ialne of either Englis-h or' foreigyn wheat, btit the sate of the latter is very restricted. ~arleyand beans each Is. to .21 per quarter lowrer. Oata a dragging sale, at Ed. to 1sL 1cr quarter decline. LAGW. J-R. 23. - H Weirive alternately Ernst man thawr. The Chief additiones to our stock consisted of about 4.314 quarters of barley coastwiss 6.ooQ quartes ofostefrornIreland, andfrom abrea, i the Clyde, of. 7,72Q quresof wrheat, hlrhe8reof300quarterss from Jaffa, an4dtbhe re were nofore,ignaxrin}aflsAGeangeruo'th. Busiesduring tbe'weekhaa been at a stadstill, admiitting only of nomnal quotations.-- This da?s ma rket Da rettJ well attended. There as a moderate retail dema3nd for fine woheat, at a redortion of 1s to s. Ed. Der 34mb. ; barley and oats declined Ia. per boUa rew spectively; oatmel IS. toSs, per load: bas.Ed. tola. per beli
. -AThWAY IWTELLIGENCE. - IORTR STAFFORDSIRE. . he directora of this coslpapny state in their report that everyeffort has failed to induce the London and WorthWestern,directors eitherto satisfy the claim of the cordpwny or to submit the case to the arbitration of the gecntlemen under whoseaviard the elaim is preferred; and that the petitionKfor the renewed applicationto Pariiament for the amalgamation of the two companies has been formaly tendered for their concurrence and returnedunsealed. The ' irectori'are satisfied that, so far as is possible under tha undefinedandanomalous circumstancesin whichthecompany 'is placed during legal proceedings, and undoubtedly in their fature operations, they have to look maninly to the developmient of the resources of the undertaking. It -will be desirable, therefore, to compare the actual position of the corn. -panyinrespect to the t:cF ainder their comm aid withthat iu which they found themselves in- 185Z the year- previous to the settlement effected-by Messrs. Stephenson and HIo Scott. The returi of trafflc carried during the six months endingthe31stof December, 1852, was-on the railway 39,796!. for passngers; and 41,4931. for goods-together 81,28. ; on the canal the receipts amounted to 60,22 71.- total, 141,5131. The traffioreceipts on therailway forthehaIf. yearendingthe3lst of December,1855,amountedto 45,6271., i for passengers,and62,2191. forgoods-together,.107,S6,*;on I the canal the receipts amounted to66,2757.-total, 174,1201.; showing an imreaso of 5,8311. for passengers, 20,724!. for goods, and 6,0481 on the canal-together, 2,6071. The net revenne for-the half-year ending the 31st of Dcoember, 185Z amounted to 71,4521., and for the same period of 1855 to 37,1541.; showing an increase of 15,7021. The result of the local traffic warrants the directors in re. iterating the confidence which they have never ceased to entertain in the elements of prosperity inherent in the line, and these carefalyand economically administered, with sach advantages as they anticipate from the arrange. maents which they have been able to rnake will provi e eventually and before ,long, a higher remuneration il than would have been derived from the reement with the London and North-Western, mado by Mr. Stephenson on the estimate of the traffic of 1852. T'herepudiationof that settlement bythe London and North-Western Company I rendered a decided and energetic course imperative on the ! dfirectors. An action was commenced to recover the sWm of 37,704!., the balance of the 43,9781. due' from the London and North-Western Company, but which was reduced by the payment of 6,2741. subsequently made by theni on i account of the Manchester traffic, under the agreement of 18-a. In answer to this action the London and lNorth-Western have thought fit to place upon re cord 39 pleas, embracing every variety of excuse for the non-fudfilment of the agreement, and setting up all sorts of asuments in avoidance or mitigation of the North Staffordshire claim. The cause stands for trial in the Couit of Queen's Bench, at the sittings after the present Hilar' I Term. -The report adverts to the means which had been for. merly adopted with a view to obtain independe-nt outLteta for the traffic of the North Stalfordshire district. Since that time the construction of the line from Leicester to Eitchii,l giving' a direct comnunication from Sandbach to London, and tte projected Cannock railway from Colwich to Wolv ham ton and the West of England, indepndent of the Lon on and North-Western, ave enab ed the North I Staffordshire to. dispense with one of the contemplatedi outlets, and it remained only to find an independenit route from Sandbach to Liverpool. Wlth this view the I directors entered into negotiations with the trustees of tho Duke of Bridgewater for obtaining possession of the wholeof their canals, stations, wharfs, dock accommodation, arid warehonses, at a rental -which has beenfixed at 10 per cent -less than the average net profits of the property for tha Last three years. By this arrangement the comptany have so t cured a terminus in Liverpool, with dock accommodation,' and warehousing room; they have opened a direct and free communication between the Mersey and the Humber; and, so far as regards the Liverpool traffic, they have rendered themselves in a great measure independent of the Uondon! and North-Western Company. The traffic for the past half-year, togetlhetr with thereceiptsundivicded to thm 30thof une ast wil- eablethedirectors to- recommend a dividend of2 per cent, or 7s. per share, and leavc unppropriated the large outstanding claims against the Len non end Rorth-Wester Company.X SALISBURY AND YEOVIL. The directors of this company state in their report that, during the negotiations with the South-Western oman they received from many of the shareholders such strong remonstranees against the sale of the line, upon any terms whatever, that they felt it their duty to resist the offers made to them by the South-Western Company; and it was not until they were convinced that the option of the company would be exercised aainst the central and in favour of the coast line, that the directors agreed to concede thepoint. Thereasonwhichthedirectors of the South-Western Company advanced in favour of their option of purchase were, no doubt, entitled to great ronsideration. I f the line were constructed by them below Yeovil, the direct road 'between london and -Exeter (172 miles) would be in their ends, -with the exception of 40 miles between Salisbury and Yeovil, which might be purchased by parties hostile to them, or be used to impede their through traffic, and ohi struct that commumcation which, from the great saving in I distance andl expense, must prove the principal route be- 1 tween the metropolis end the west of England. It was also urged that thegr eat body of the shareholders in the Salisbury and Yeovil line ben arties resident in the im.mediate vicinity of the railway ought so far to be satisfied, if the terms offered to them were such as to give themathe cer' taintyoftheconstmuctionof theirline,and afair returnafor the inoneywhich theymight expend. In the eventof the South Western Company purchasing the line, the Salisbury and Yeovil shareholders are to receive 4 per cent. upon all money paid in respect of shares from the dates of such-payments, and 10per cent. bonus upon their shares. If the SouthWestern Company exercise their option at the end of three years, then the interest and bonus would be equal to 6., pet cent. per annum on the 201. shares; and if the purchase be maade at an earlier period they wil be proportionately jn. creased. Upwards of 26 miles of the railway are already staked oLt, the plans and worldng drawings are finished, land no time wl be lost in completing arrangements for landand commencintgthe works.. ULSTER. On Wednesday, at a meeting of the directors of this com- pany, held in Belfast, a dividend was declared of 28s. per I share, free of income-tax, for the half-year ending the 31st of December last, leaving a balance of 4,0451. to be carried to the reserve-fund. TRAPC RETURNS.S Amesa Pea- er- mTota Nallways. P eseus cge e heandise. isee. -A Toa, 1W5; Week ending Jan. 6. EaAtAnglian . .. .. 811.. 818- Week ending Jan. 12. Edinburghand;Glasoew . 142 .. - .. - .. 553.. 4,337 Aberdeen and Scottich Mid- landJunctiUon .. .. 115 .. - . - 3,109 2,669 Week ending Jan. 13. London, Tilbaxy, anl8Suth- endExtension *. .. - .. 594.* 107.. 701 BristolandExeter 53. .. - .. - .. - . 5,37B 5,039 Week ending Jan. 19. Londonderryandonmisinen 60 .. 215 ..61 .. 576.. 536 North-Eastern .. .. 7031 .- .. - . . 27,750 27,130 Dublin and Wiceldor 34 . - - . - .. 273 137 Waterford and Limerick - .. - . . 9 -8 Great Southern andWestem (Ireland) - . - .. - - 6,143 . 6,170 Irish South-Eastern,. . 251:.. - . . - -- 205,. 215 SambreandMeuse .. .. 68 .-, - .. - -. 1,269 903 KillarneyJunetimn.. . 41 . - .. -- .- 269 200 Week end}ng Ja.L 20. Eastern Counties, Norfolk, and EasternUnion .... 417 . - . . - .. 20,552 -1914 Shreaburyand3iuuingham - .. - 1. - .. 1314 X.10B Shreusbury and Chester ... - .. - .. - .. 2510 1,986 Birkenhead, Lancahire, and CheshireJunction.. .. - .. - .. - .. 1732.. 1,71 Midland Great Western MIre- land)? 4 1,22.. .. .. .;-.. 1,516660 breatWestern .. - - - 23,23 20,523 Oxford, Worcester, and Wol. Terhbampton .3 .. I530 -. 1,871.. 3,401.. 601 EDat Lancashire .. 93 .. ... - - 5,81l 5,253 laden andBladkauul. ... - .. 1,120 75 1,195 o1,0 LanchireandYorkshire -- 2061:.. - .. - . 9,9 18,503 ]idland .. . .. - .. - 26,251 24,645 Chester andHolyhead -. - .. - .. - . 4,255 3,813 ShrophireUnion ... . 21 664 767 Manchester, Sheffield. and Lbwl,h.,,i,sre -. -. 173i - .. - . 8,487 8,405 Soottish Centratl - - .. - - . ; - . 2793 -23 Dublin andBelfat Junction 56 -.. - . .. 957 - 8 72 leland and Great Weitem - .. - . . - 2,695 . 2.659 DublinandDrogheda - .. 63 - -. - . 1,319 . -1,10 Antwerp and Rotterdam .. - .. 272 .. 170 . 42 Great Luxembourg .. .. 31 - . - .: 282'. Week ending Jan. 22. DubliandEingstown .. - . - .. - .. 567.. 58 9 For the nonth o7 October. WestFlanders . .. 66 . . - . . - . . 307... 3,135 . . _~~~~~~~3,6
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT BUGELEY. T1- TERD VERDICT -OF W-FUL XIURDER. - - -- * . VRUGELEY; TMMSDAIt EVJMNG.' After our report;had been despatched yesterday even-ng 'the inquest on the body of Mr. Walter Palmer was continued to its conclusion. Mr. Weaver, of the fim of Mander and Weaver, wholesale chymists at Wolverhamnpton, was called, and deposed that their house never had an account wvith William Palmer, but.ho beueved they had one with Mr. Thirlby, of Xugeley, who was at one time Mr. Palmer's partner. If his (witness's)shopmani Whyman, had said theyhad aiaccountwith Williamn Palmer, it was incorrect. He (witness) had had recently a conversation on this subject with Whyman, and told bimthere wasa report that Palner had obtained strychnine from his (witness's) brother. Whyman said that was not so, but that he (Whyman) himself had sold Mr. Palmer in ounce of prassic acid. That was about a- week before Whyman gave his evidencebefore the coroner onthepresent inquest. Mr. Charles Vitta said, he was a cabinet-niakerand undertaker at Stafford. He knew Walter Palmer, and wa sert for after his death on Thursday, the 16th of Augustl|ast He went to his hose at Castle-terrace about 2 o'clock, and found him deal. He was laid upon the couch, and Ioolked as if he was asleep, He did not notice anything particular about him. He believed his eyes were a little open. By the desire of William Palmer and Walkeden he assisted to take the body upstairs and place it on the bed. He then mneasured him for a coffin, and went home and ordered the shelL William Palmer said, " Poor fellow ! Walkeden has suggested tiat you should make the cgfin; make it, and make it quick" The shell wad sent home that very night. It was taken to the house by .two -of his (witness's) young9 men. Hle went to the house again on the rindeanight, on -the Saturdayo night and agsin on the 'Monday. lehelpea o put the lead coffin into the oaken one. ihe shell was sealed upon the Saturday, as was also the lead coffin. On the Monday the shell and the lead coffin were placed in the k o ffin. There were three cofflins altogether. ..- fi By a Juror.-There was no reason assigned to him for making a lead coffin. He could not tell what the object was of haing the shell made in such haste. The body was not at all decomposed when the coffins were closed. Mr. JohnBurgess, innkeeper and spiit merchant, residing at Dndley:Porl;, said,'he supplied spirits for the use of Waltr Palmer, and also wine and porter. Re' commenced supplying him on the 1°th of February, 1855, and con. tinned till-the end of July. He supplied about 19 gallon's of spirits in that intervaL The orders were givefiby Walke. den, and he was paid. partly by Walter and partly by 'William Pabner. , h Mr. Charles John Gill, Secretary' to theSolicitors and General Life-office, produced twoproposals for assurance to that office, one of which was made by Sarah Palmer to insure the life of Walter Palmer for 13,0001. He received ib direct from Mr. William Palmer by post, with a letter aud it was dated the 9th of December, 1854l He received the second proposal, which was also for 13,0007., from Mr. Thomas Pratt, a solicitor. Neither of the proposals was effected. 3Mr. Thomas. Pratt vas next called.-iEfe said,-1 am ' solicitor, residing at No. 5, Queen-street, Mayfair. I did not know Walter Palmer, the deceased. .I never saw him.' I know his brother, William Palmer. ; The Coroner asked the witness if he had a polcy of insurance in his possession on the life of Walter Palmer? - 3Mr. Lewis, who attended as solicitorfor the witness, inte'r posed, submitting to the'Court that his client should not ansr-er that uestion. This, he said, was an inquiry into the cause of death of Walter Palmer, and this descrip. tion of evidence, he contended, could throw no light on the subject, unless it were sought to malke his client an accessory before or after the death of Waltr' Palmer. Mr. Deane was there inthejoint capacity ofsolicitorfor the Crown and solicitor for the assurance-offices, acnd it seemed to him (Mr. Lewis) that his object in calling lMr. Pratt was to obtain evidence from him for an ulterior purpose. The Coroner said, it was due to Mr. Deane to state that he did not summon Mr. Pratt to give evidence at the'inquest. MIr. Pratt was then in attendance in pursuance of the wish of the jury. MIr. Lewis said,he had no objection to r. Pratt answering the question whether he had the policy in his possession or not. MIr. Pratt (the witness) said,-I am the holder of the p y on the life of Walter Palmer, as the late solicitor of the. W-iam Palmer. It was in my possession previous to the 16th of August last (the day on which Walter Palmer died). I have lost about 4,0001. by my transactions -with 3Mr. William Palmer. Mr.Deane said, if Mr. Lewis -was tobe allowed to ask these questions of the witness, it was only right that all the facts of the case should come out, or none. Mr. Pratt could throw considerable light. on the assurance transactions of MIr. William Palmer if he pleased to idisclose all he knew MIr. Lewis said, it was obvious that Mr. Deane wanted to obtain evidence from the witness with the view to make out a case for the assurance-offices. MIr. Deane deniled that he had any such intention. . The assurance-offices did not want any case made out for them; they had a very good case already.. Mlr. Lewis (to the witness).-ave you any lien on the Witness.-I have nothing to 'say about costs. I have no lien of any kind. The Ccroner asked whether the w,itness ,would sustain any ossif he were piid the amount of the policy? 'Witness.-Oh,do not ask me that question, I am a youn'-professional man, with a wife and three children, and have becn nearly ruined by this man. How can «ou ask me such a qtuestion? The Foreman of the jury intimated that they did not iwish to implicate the witness. Mr. Lewis said, very general circulation had been given to the connexion which his client, Mr. Pratt, had with -the assurance transactions of Mr. Palmer, and it ws right that it should be known that the jury did not seek to implicate him. The witness stated that he wvac quite wll'ing to tell all he knew. 3Mr. Deane said, he did not wish to hear privately what Mfr. Pratt had to say. If he wished to make a statement, let' him make it to the jury. The Coroner said, that was not the place to try an issue with respect to the assurance transactions in which the witness and Palmer might have been concerned or with regard to their pecuniary affiirs, and he could not receive any evidence except that which related to the cause of death of the deceased. Mr. Deane contended that, as Mr. Lewis had himsefsliut Mr. Pratt's mnouth, he was not justified in asking him certain questions for his own purposes without going into the whole case. M_r.Lewis=said, he did not wish to ask any questions hbich it was not proper for the witness to answer. With the consent of the coroner and jury the examination of the witness was not furlher pursued. He stated that he was willng to give up the policy effected on the life of the deceased to any person who was legally entitled to hold it. He then, in company with his solicitor, retirea from the eourt; and Mlr. Deane said, he did not mean to call any further evidence on the part of the Crown. The Coroner then, after an adjournment forhalf an hour, to enable hiin to arrange his notes, proceeded to charge the r y-He said he did not consider it necessary to make any 'entiened observations on this very protracted and serious case. They had but recently investigatcd another case similar to this and connected with- it in many respects, and had, besides, given such great attention to this inquiry that heneed scarc6y mak-e any remarks on the evidence, seeing it must be so fresh in their memory. He would, however, urge upon them to dismiss from their minds al reports t'at might have come to their knowledge connected with this unfortunate and distressing death, and to pay no attention to anything they might have seen in those written reports, inasmuch as many of them, so far as respected the comments they-containedon thistownandthe present inquiry, were unfoanded, and showed an ill-feeling on the part of those who published them. He would not say more on that subject. With regard to the duty which -the jury had to perfona, the first question for thein t-3 deteri mine would be, how this person came by his death'whether by any' uiifair means, or in consequence of those habitt of excessive drinking to which -he vvas jproved, beyond all' doubt, to have been addicted- or of anything which had been administered to him by any other person. They would remember that in the course of the inquiry no less than ei ght different medical Emen had been examined, not one of -wom would take upoff i himself to say that the deceased had died from the effects of poisbn, as the symptoms were those which might have been produced by excessive drinking or by disease. One of the medical men (mr. Hughes), gave it as his opinion that thedeceased had be en "poisonedbygin. Dr. Campbell from Stoke, who. attenied the' deceased two years ore his death,, and Mr. Day, who attended hiin in hii list illness, had distinctlg described the. nature ofE his iIsymptoms; adding that . they were, not surpriged that he had gone off suddeily, and that they believed his-death had been caused by-his habits of in: temperance. Dr. Taylor and Dr.: Iees, .onl the other band, had deposed that the deceased might have died6 rom the adminstration of prusie acid. The only othe: evidence 'theyhadboaringonthbe subject of p3rosaic acid'was that of -George; Whymain the assistant of -Mesar. M'Mander and Weaver,chymists in Wolverhampton, andthey woildncool lect the rather peculiar minner in wrhich he had' given hisi evidenc on bo th ard before _them asHe statledaon the firt occasion that he Itl Wlim amer.anouAce.of prussio acid'in a c1ourell' 'bottle, at Wolverhamiptok on s Tuesda -in August:s, 'tht whether it eWgas on theT6e "ay. before' the racha at' -Wvlverhamptonyr,oi-he.TuesAay in-th6ercewieel,haco- s sied then sta-tbe -He' o ind, ehaverao-.oen recd;4hiW 'dIa lnidhad re gaeh-bootstheb -he 'was oi nnled-to' of t.he ay n eace wek, 'With xekzod ti -the tanIPalmer hleft in.th posio of .y'. g- he. tlEea the' Jncison ian tSt. d * so 'tuea" a ondW6nt e Tuaeths Tuscdould a vodbe' the day. ,ots p isoa sif to wites b We an' zdchas d spoken'hefrutIt, .Willi;amPeral tboerh erhi andcalledatthe'lopr .:'Qsosem-thatWillhai]ler.aefroi Wolverhkmp'tenito Stafford-by '6 gig-that. (Tuesday) eavenn . . hefe~6ore kneithes. of the bottles he os to the " boot? at the vid- -tio'ncould have containedth prosaic acidwhnihhit.was sala' I'he bought at'thieshop.oU-3ane.~n'3evra ~v~ I-hampton, -Hepgve-t,he-"booDs" theLbottlgeontheTuesdaY,, Iadbtw6e'iha0t and.'th6 ~edneda :6evemni -when hesesion two or thre times buLt returned thLem again to ithe- 'b~idt~" lijii~lii'Th- c 6dtalhd lsoanll- thahews toee heafe the 'air. .D 'ifAgebottlos-w*'w6regvemx 'to the " b6ooi" onthe .TueedaUythey couldmot have containedthe xpoison sad to have been purchased LOnL-that day4 by~ :MW llam Falaher at the shop of Mander and'Wtayqs-. Again, Mr. Lloyd, the landlord of the Junction, depoaed to soC into his stable on the Wednesday, and seeing WI la Pilmer there with the "lboots," andinthe act.of pouring something out of a small bottle into a large one, the litter be about as large as an ounce or two ounce bottle. The maer one, he said, was aquarter ounce bottle, andjha noticed the contents of it to be as.white as water a Pihner turned-the'bottle -up. Palmer, it also apeared, ade no attempt to imucea the bottles fron Mr.lloyd; on the con trary, he said that he ws preparn a stimulantfor hiis 'brother which he thought would do hnn good. Mr. Lloyd also, said that the bottles were both light-colound whEile that said to haLve been purchased by Palmbr !a Wolverhamupton, and to contain prosaic acid, was coloured -So far as the evidenceofWalkeden soncerned-theaiin who attended on Welter Plier (tie deceased) np tolila death-he stated 2Oively.that nothing was given to him forai'xhour prevous to his death. -Now adl the doctors had said-and especialy Dr. Taylorandlr. iteest.that,i£ the' deceased died from the effects of prosaic acid,-r'it mnst have been given him half an hou at lest &re7ious to his death, and that' it might have Iproduced the spi- qtos 'd sbed by the persons who were about the neasede IUbahs last moments- But they admitted at the same time that the same syptoms might have been produced by exoesnive drinking. With re-spect -to the policies of assurance,- the proposIs showed that they were made by Walter -Palmer hiasef, that Willi mdidnmotappear in the mjoity of them, that Walter's life wasassurea for 13,aOOL and assigned over to Mr. Pratt. Therefore, if William Palmer's interest was at an end in thosepoEicis, be could not have had any motive for taking away tho hfe- of his brother. The evidence of Mr. Day, the surgeon, who attended the deceased in.his last illness, went to slow that in his opinon he died from apoplexy, produced by eic6ssive drinking. Something s said by Mr. Day, totheeffectthatthedecssed'hadtoldbimL on one occasion that certainpills which his brother, William Palmer, had given -him on the previous evening, were " twisters ; but theroe was no evidence to show what those "9twisters" contained. Again, in the opinaon of Dr. Earland, the deceased died of apolexy. Eibeth' Phillips. the nexb-door neighbour of the deceased they would remember, gave a clear description of the state he was in when he died, which to a great extent confirmed the iviaence of -Walkeden and his wife. (The coroner was proceeding to read tho evidence in ful of Drs. Taylor alid Bees, when the jury intimated to him that, having only been given that day,, it was still fresh in their recoUection. He read, however, the most material portion of it.) He continued to say that, in the opinion of M£r. Hugfies, the surgeon, the deceased died from the effects of gin !driing. Dr. Monckton, aggain, who performed the.postmo scm exmination, could form no other opnMina than that he died in a fit of apoplexy; and that gentleman added, that the habits of the deceased were quite sufficient, tohis mind, to account for the deaik Dr.Waddlt spoke to his state of health when he was proposingto.hmsurehJs life, and to an interview he had withm im one-day. on meetig him by chanceon the Castle-road, when he said he owed his brother WiMliam 400f. andwas anxious to repayhLim; that he -(Dr. Waddell) hbd prevented him insurmgbhis life for some time, but that there was a limit t. all thmgs, and he ought no longer to stand, in ths way of the insurance, for he (the deceased) 'was now in good health, his habits were entirely aItered, and he could eat like a " thrasher." Dr. WaddeU also gvet it as his opinion that the deceased died from. apdplexy, caused by drink, which had previonsly subjected hun to an. attack of ddiriuim frmeazt. One of the jury had very propea asked Dr. Taylor whether a dose of prsaic acid would produce a pain in the bacl, thit being one of the symiptoms under which the deceased. laboured; and the answer was, that it would not. It appeared beyond doubt that Wiliam Palmer was not at Ludlow races on the day on which the deceased died, but wvas with hui shortly before and at the time of the death; though, according to the evidence of Mr. Thirlby, he stated, on leavingtRugeley that morning, that he was going to the races at Ladlow. The coroner, having shortly reviewed the remainder of the evidence, condcluded by saying those were the facts of he case, and, without any further remarks, he would leave it in their hands.- The jury then, at 20 minutes past 6, retired to consider their verdict, and after an interval of upwards of two hours returned into COUrt, when The Coroner asked if they Lad agreed upon their verdict! The Foreman said, they had not. -The Coroner asked if the majority of them were agreed? The Foreman replied, that 22 out of the 23 had agreed to a ierdict. The Coroner.-Then, what do you find to have been the cause of the death of Walterdmalner? The Foreman.-We fid that he died from the effects of prnssic acid, and that such prosaic acid was wilfly admninistered byWilliam Palmner. We also append to [our vrdict. the expression of our strong disapprobation of -the mannuer in which Thomas Walk-eden gave his evidence. ' The Coroner.-.That, I take it, is a verdict of wilful mnrder. -' The Foretnau.-Yes, it is. I may also state that the Jury wqish it to be understood that they think great credit is due. -to-the chief constable (Mr. Hatton) for bringln- thesecasps before them, although they have been very pai'Rd inquities to us all. We likewise thinkl that an application should bo made in the proper quarter for some recompense to Mr. Willis, the landlord of the Talbot lIn, for the mischief done to his house by the bodies being opened there. Mr. Bergen (the Superintendent of Police at Lichfield) said, he was sorry the chief constable was not at that moment present to thank the juxy for the manner in which theyland mentioned his name in connexion with these paroceedings. The mischief done to hIr. WEillishouso had been considered, and it was in contesmplation-to getup a dinner there. (A laugh.) HB (r. Bergen) was the persoo who directed the bodies of Ms. Palmer and Waiter Palmerto be taken tothehouse, in conformitywith the warrant he had received from the coroner, but he was not avwre they would have been taken into the house. He had supposed that some outbuilding would have been found, in which -the coiEns might have been opened and the examination made. -- The.Foreman said, he trusted some representation would be made to the Home-office for the reparation which Mr. lY;lis appeared nstly entitled to receive. Superintendent Bergen had no diubt that a represenh.tion would be made in the proper quarter. With that the proceedings terminated.
To the aCEMBXR8 of thre SENATE of the RVIIITo CAMBRIDGM NI.SMo T7~corsquec'fnumnerousanclrepeatedap icat,on% tis lot needless for me to state my political opiniosad i- CicW~.M 36they may be better judged of by MY votea n ns daycnd vue thaa thevScan be by any professions of my own. 33ubeUdern aY coduc MMa tlwY am generally in accordance winth thlose euteetalnau by tCoi UniversitY at large, few things would give me greter gratisicatioeathen to alnd that ita mnembers sLhould deem mna worth of the very high - heorxr of re1resentlng them in Pruarneunt. az,Gentlemen.withmnomelect Your faithfuil and obedient. servant, raline. Jan. 19. ItS .S. H. WALPOLS .U L 'IERS [TYELECTION:-The LONDON OHMITTERSITomY te ELEC7FON of the Right Hon. SPENCER H.W A ' ESITsDILY at theUnion Hrotel. Cocirspur-street. Charma-Th Lod LVA14E,M.B LLD.,St.John's. 'VloeChteman-IOBERT . HILDYRD. te Felo o T!,r ~~~~~~LA.late Fellw fStwatern'oflL MarquisHo Lofrdab.Toh.P MnAem Tinit.KATrlty The lardturghey.9L.,Mk TheRihHn he S.ons The RihHn.Lraoh anrs PM. rnt. TheRghHe.Vsentrwot .,MA,riiy The Vson olntn .. rnt. Th iaon Soereun MA.. Trinity. the on.Rbevt C.ebeL A., E SIJoITk's. TeHrr.r.Baron Aleo. l.ae, lwatedlo oCain ue TaoHon Mr J At.c Cr atell ILL,w Eofame Th HrrqM., Bio latte FeLowo Trinity. Lha Amhe Provost ..lte Eton. JS Chadia, . ,edq,ctL.D ZsL,.A.,FeTrinity.Us Asnph elett t.e EC] Liq., KA.. late Fellow of St.Petr's Atbs,teReo. foli, IMA., St..John's . 3sClea Mibrde.A. Mate elaellwof o als Baily. A. T. Reiq., Q. Ci.,9L.elrowof.elroke S.Jon Eebit.' F., Esq., 3!.A., lainteyelo fTrnt-hl Curates, the R~ev. W arrs, B.D.. late Fellow of CrSt'Jhs. race Dale.ohe nr.LTe L - Cru, Tricn ty StHall. n( Tc Befwel. Fanrani lrd,ia. A, t on MBcen.therk G.e. PC. Rq., M.LA.. Torinty Bulloelthe rtv.TC.It, M.A.,hTainteFlowf. ig Caui.4 the Rev.,Willian, B.D.. late Fellow of Trinity,d Carsacof i Chnrcnan W, EndcL Rq.,MA., FerlnofJeris HagoaeslJ.,th Rev.- MD.,.. late Fellwow of Kinyga. UCtos ,q. Edwar, ls_ rAte Fllow eow TrinTy.uty HodW.Prerq. Es.P. M.A.. St. Johns. Hodsoy. t., Req.. Gerge .. FellAwo Pembow fe.nty Haibita.e,Eliqe, MA, TriniTy..it Hope.th e. H y Thorget, .. RD. lt Fel o t.Jot',Pra.e StHorChbr.erirouse. M.. Coh pus, Cao fS.Pulsad ia Humblern. te taev. W. Wt.. Ik.A. Torpus DOViyly,the Rey. . W. GMAo. RD.%t enwofTtzvt,Via Duckis, tohn,ReF;Hy, R-D., lt'atherellos ofKngaan icro Jeleray. H..erber, E.q.. MOk.,ltFecwo Trinity. hl ElweAtR .. Eoq..b, late FellAwo Tznity. W. Eefin.o. Maq., .. SIit S n. s Fersytle, MDr.. Q.q iA.lAtexFelowto Trlownit rint. Guuged te ev Cha. Old D.f, lainty.elwo in',adHa Goe orJte ewton, REs.. M.P., ellow ofm Queens Hagard J. Re., tD. laEs FllowofTrinity Hlml. S Meiaid He.3.Tohq., M.D., t Xh' P Pmroe.edr f t a amoid the Parker., Leq. D.. Jsts. Jln HeSo i the Rey. Jer .. RD.,.lat Fellow of Tlreinity. Eft fitaroerdaAT,Oir Req, ML. fA.,Trinity. Steurt.Az .H ThAaqs, M.A.iL., Trinity. Hroruh. Cohan, Ceq.. Fq. SILAJohnSt. ahrn' Turuner, CAptmod Roer. F.,MA.. Trinuy.F o HWrnpore, the Rev. Robrt GRD.o, TrDut.lte ofTiiy cr WaJtnsRo.nMD. of7aheie Hallobn oWebther,Cati.B,MA.Tnty *2imood. .Rey.,L, FACSMRI,BA.SeirFellowofarinty M'Ars,o Trinity.C'lee Xi= J.. Mq.Req. LDR,TrinitenHaof Coiewn.eerrrl Re.. .)tA. lte Fellollof S.Jo'. Corriock, rick. ReG.rniy ~Rach,F C, Fq..hP. ITrinFeoity Tuo o mmne Roots,TAugustus,rerqb,oke .o Jegna Atkpell, .RH, er.M.A. A. Tenfoit lwfryiYolee Aeckra . Rneoy. J., .. ll,;zn Tat. ohnofS. onoee Babtn. the Rev. Culi. RD, St ellaw reonar of St. Paul's.oega SBerre, th Rev. (1.3.% BLA., Jesus. DWo in' olee Campgion.th Rey.W. I.. RDA. at FellowanTuo of GlaeHeland Hoege -Mastr fma3natoe SJ.. oLA,Ke.oee Ctooped, AgreJ., MLP., eM.or,eTriniTy. tCDlp Trev er.Chle CAi. G... MILA. Sno FelloCathrnd' HladaIl.Lcro Turnr. EmundRobet. Rq. utor, andDams. as bee Faenwickl. ohomCorpus C. .D., Chrietes Fritng. 11ev. 3 . F.L,,. Cinr e.o.o olov n, Req. LA, TripBniofTy. iyCoe Godiry, L,kaCR3A.. St. JoEIstolege., LL ir.B3.e, l Goodin.Rr K rey .ATUSE iusClleg, juenLetrr Ciinwicna-Rev. FRATC A ARTello o A.hein Senior Felo brand. H= Ioy.]EL DL.BureerfTinitCollege.Ia Acdcoofar. Hi, 3l..Rer.ML.M.., PiesidenduQuen's olleage.iitCUe Hoplaurs. Re. HW.D.., MnaAro St. Petee's College,Eureedl. Fuotiam. Rev.J Dl. D.3 ilestemofCru Chrinity, College. Hokr, RevT. J. Gi).,MA Pro lovt of Kint' Colege.aCUe Gumest,own. Req.,J LF... M nA terow Candussisanollege. S.atxe Yzevric, the lio, and Rev.., CiLA.s Maoterg fMsdhe eee eLighfoo, Rev. J. RD., SM.A. Jelohn' ld Aargaret Profetor ofTrnt Clang, A.v. Wz.. M.DA_ TrniyCollow Poeso of Anatomy.Ug Fae.G . Req.G., M.A., Cain Collegfe. ilf Andesen Rev. W. F. M.-A., Fellow and Tutor of TEmmanuColele Aletnhuen. Rev. F.T., M.., Pemronit College. Atinsdn Rev. W.,A XNLA.o o StnirFell owoTIegeC. lge Allay, -Rev.y. RD.1 i'LlsAnd TeIwadAuLtn itor of StCJhnspCllge ainotor, Rev. J.. ILD., Fellow ofd SLt.ohnof Collegke. Portner,. Jis Ae.. Fq lItA., SellwniorTFllor of King' Coleter' oe Caprton. Rev, J. E.. MILA. Fellow and Tutor of StQuteren'sBCollee C.betrapr,J,Rev 3. MYA. KingIoCoflege.leo1ee Cooear.leev W3., . SenioFellow of Trienity College. Day, t%Rey.. IL, lI.A. Seinior FDelloean Classical Letrrofturero Vieg ole-e DesIr., Rev.y. J., W.. FellowToe and ADetantTuo offJSu, Colete.s L?unne. e L tJh'Clee Ellise. Rev. A. A, M-A., FellowadTuo of Trinity College. Undaerwooed, Rey. C. JesuA.,St Jollege. ege Fenwmo.Rev. d.A., RI:M.A. Fellow wn oe of ZsaCorps hIetgCllge FWieldiz, Rev.BT.. l B.D.. Fellow andToerd St.nioh'sanCollege. tLI -Johns olee Glvr., Rev. W. ., M.A.,FChaplalnd Trinit Colliege. nee The Cambr .d eq Cmmitte sit. John' Colee Esunroqeteudeta lltom MUiotodwn. Rev ardresed,lL. Coihe Collerm,au o lse LComitrer.a Nreo. a rme.-srev.3. D,Jer Tsdik e. LE,Y., Fellowty Cato iei alladCrita W. P.uNERSN' Colege. late exhecnfdas. Aeiy e. TC. DLAY, Flo anC eno ea urrst.olee Ho .is,W. e TiAYLR. St, Petem' olee Reuie-Bedell Colri-ee, Rv 3a. G.. il.A,FloofS.Pt'sCle. JameQUnTRAv.L3.F, IRF, FlOwansIstantTotriof -st. Cti-, Rerih Rv.I. , Lo.,Crists ollge on. A,descripAtiFelon of King' Collnege.fce-;Pl-al Lind,one. W. .A. Felow f,St Peer'sColege Perwne Rev.11 If. Ik,e Fellow andet EasfitantTuo Lofdo.Corpu 'CUist iteiI..udoofi-a& Powr.LeI.3. .and FelOREIaNduo of Pembroke SenteW, Rev.W.. i, Felloweurt.re.0. yqt. . Shape,Rv.W. CH.R FellOw N FIRE ' CollegNe. Shll'to 8ORev.YB,*M,A Ti3hdnity Collge&laastmlnaleturero King' UnpOur=. es maqb, effectQeen'thths College. imrefaoral Taylr.m1v t 3. with other, offiells adA.stn oe f ee' Tryvon, Re.0 I.J,IL, SeirFlwof Cae al Unewod ev.C.W, IL Slt. Jhn' Colege.resre%Nr WitsARV. WNP, LIFE,FlowadDa of KnI's CollANEge. ThPAmbridge Comiteersits dail. It do reqeCa e that all oemmuicaeionabemaddThese to the ChAirmAnDfteR CoKMmitea T.-.Cmpn Hransac. Terity decritollege. ndfraanuan B.RNWI B AKERLIFE,ASEmmanuelColege, ten A.K6ic C. DAY. gaius, NZ ST fe hert fX J. We . TIaAY lOar, St. Pe Ters. rteymedigth COfbide Jotan.19, wISbe.PY =t h reodr,( n .4EQUITg 7JerurInet FIRE OFFIEom Cannonsotr. eet MOWARCH FIRE and LILFE ASSUAC A?A BL on tiret C Sptalock Of this oasya h cdscs 10. 4, AdeUkkd-.lace, London-bidg,o ad fte%ria.roeo lebs a y GE R EH.JA.Mag, TEBE ASYLUMI LIFE ASSUJRANCE OFFJCE, I7Z Ctkhnl London: estUmabIhd ERA. Policies ont healthy and diseased lives, at home sand abroed, for dT%=itw7ey. ndziaT9ew epoyments. Tha. offce being on purely eprietary principles, nO pAetnenship SmOn oUgplcyholdsmais mvOITe ~~ ?A~ W W WPFIVNS' Resident Dietor.W 11llHESCOTIISH AUSTAINIIETET 'A:COMPABVY,-.Notice is hereby giTen, that.the ANNUAL OI2ER7AMLraMEETIG of Abe Bottiab: L Autain Ivsm Gonayw;il be held a6t the London Taver, Bihpae.trt IS re fthe Directors C.GRAnGEit, se-rea6ry. -- 2 . rGre 3msam.street Lo ndon Jan!. 15,a111I . - SPECIL NOICE KTENT MrUTUAL ASSURNESOCIETIES.-. JLAi-hief offices-Queen-st tpac,NwCannon-stret. London Maer united annual incomes eaed£710 r-A all Profite belong to %l4hlof March next.-- The new buzfnies of the inst eight months ared 5010 in annualI Premiums. FIRE Tab GU.AMate FUnd is being increased to haifaI rmillon. Trhe annual income, since WatAnnuja Meeting. biss inacreaged beyond x3'em. ~~~GEORGE CUMMfi:NG, Maznger, Jf.A Ag-nts are stil Wantod for sar. yacan localities (AMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.-Myr. DEN-MAN's LON-DON commrrrmEi wll MIEET DAILY at To the MEBRSo heSNAEo the JN'IVEESITY of Gentlemen, -- JHav!e been uqrged in thle most flatteTin- m Ianner by a Teyargenumbher of yur boyto offer myself Ze a candidatet for the8setiun arliJment1 len ac~ant bythe lamented death ofyoutrlate belovedb recreentative, Mr. loulburn.- *Thanghullysensiblse-how farj faUl abort of wbat your represetative Ouh ob,Ifelpruddta the opinions wlsiehlIhol dare tboie zfhmjreofYoUrbody. I amdot awarethbatthere isasuyjrobaAlliroraan 'atecnLiforwardw,howillrepresenttheseopinons eXceptrmyself. Ithereforepresme tosek foryoursupport. I * Beforesttig ry opinions, Iw,isItto be distinctlyunmdenstodthat, itI am elected, I mustgo to the discharge of mydutiesufettered by Pledges; which 3Ihold to be unconstitutiona and mischevous. - lEam asinoere member of the Church of England,and leansde,~it as the miost'impewtant functiont of the University to educate thre clergy and gentry, and through thenm all classes, in the principles of tru rsbgzen..- I1 ama entirely free froML all ties of party and-from partyvTiews. Mr Opinions generally are Liberal, but Cousereative. The ability aitd Jspnt withiwhichithe affaissof the country havebleenadministeroed oTyu1enprlesent Government in most trying times would render me deairona to giv themi my suipport. On the questionuof war or-peace,twbudld mpossible for nie, at tbiamomens, to expres ny otpinion which theeventsaof the netfew weeks might net inedify. ut I may say, generally, that for the safety and honour of. this counmty, and for the good of mankind, I earnestly hope.that no efforts wil b spared to prosecute the war with vigotur niatil a solid and well secured peace be Obtained. When such a peace has been concluded, I trust that the Government of this oDuntry will never be allowed to suffer outr militazy and naval estabbabmuentstO fal to the low ebb to which they had sunk at the commencement of the Dreseutwar. - la sould gladly support such measuresaswouldbhesbenable theUnlTeirityto carry out its own progressive 3improvemenit anud aid Its efficiency as a great instrument of liberal eduication. I am, however, sinerely attached to the uystem of a body of independent colleges ree from nal nmecessaryextcrnal control orinterference. IE should be disposed to consider favourably any sound and well-consIfdered plan for giving to the Unireksity a real anid complete representative system. I bave the honour to be,%ol" Yours faithnl 4,Eaton-place'South, London, JaL9 1EREDEM2. iA 'AMIBRIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.-The i. flowingc g-ntlemen form Mfr. DEN?,iANs LONDON' COltMtTTEE (wit.. rer toedd ta their number), Chirman-E. EUB RYeFq.. lateI"ellow of Trinity College. Vice-Chairman--The Rev. J. . LOXVSDAL.E~ Triam. -College, Canou of lichuteld. &e. G . 52. Airy, R-sq., F.R.a, Astronmer Royal late Fellow of Trinity College. -The Rev. H. A; Alford, RDI, late Fellawof Trinity College. R. B Armstrong, Esq Q.C late Fellow of St John's College. D. T. AnsteE, Eeq., FJl .Late Fellow of Jesuw College. C. Babbage. Esq.. F.R.S.. Trinity College. W. F. Deadon, Feq., St. John's College. *L H.L B.egbie. Req., Fellow of St. Peter's College. W. L. Birkbeck, ffq., late Frellow of -Trinity College. The Rev. J.,W. lalesicy R.D., late Felow of Trinity College. John EWah Blunt, Faq., Trinity College. Phliip$Pleydell Douverie, Esq.. 'flinsty College. 3. G. Bowstead, s. late Fellow of Pembroke College. Rev, W. H. BrooMeled, Trinity c'ollege. Douglas Drown, Faq., Trinity College. T. B. Burham, Es q., la te Fellow of T'rZalty C ol lege. Charles Buxton, Fzq., Trinity College. The Rev. BughByam, ito Fellow oflKings College. Thbe Rev. A. f. Campbell, late Fellow of St. Jobu s College. George Chance, Faq.. Trinity Colege. Patrick Colquhoun, LT-D.. St. John's College. F. R. J. Cmurdnbe, Req ALF Trinity College. S, & reasy. REq., late llwoRing's College. The Rev. J. LaeeynDa Io of Trinity College. WV. 0. D. D wi llt n Dasq Zeilof ue' College. The Hoe H eeurnn,Trinity College. The Hen. and Rey. L. W. Deniman, Magdalene College. J. Dent Dent. Fsq.. M.P., Trinity College. T. H. Dicey, REsq., TiiyClee Edward Ellice, Esl. wPv Trnt College.yColee T. F. Ellis, Esq., F..S., late Fellow of TiiyClee F. Ellis, Faq., Trinity College. The Rev. John DEans. Pembroke CUg,Sceayo h hita Knowledge Society.Clee ertryo h hita - h e..G U ual TityCollege. J. A. Goodeve, Esq.,S.ohsCleg, Professor of Natmurl Phi. c ernd TutorIof Mfagdalene College, Profespor of Mathemat,KigsCleeLnd. T. E. Headlam. Req.. ..TiiyClee The Hon. C. HowardLP,'rieyClg. J. Jervi% s,Fq.. TrinityHl. W. Jones Lloyd,Faq,TiiyClee The Rtey. Ri -.Kuedy, D),Ha Master of Shresysbury School, late Fellow of St. Johm's College J. A. Ringlako, Seriearnt-at-law, Trinity College. P. G. Latham, M.D., F.R.S., late Fellow of King's College., .T. H. Law. Esq., late Fellow of King's College -Fffluhm Lwrne.Fq.. late Fellow of Trinity College. J.0G. ShawLeferre Fsq., F.R.S., late Fellow of Trinity College. Jolm Locke, Faq., Trinty College. C.D. Locock,a.3D.Trinity Coille .5,lt elwo rnt SunrMan,Rq., MDI., late Regiua Professor of Laws, Henr Maden Re., eofssoof GreIk UniversityCollege, London, Late Fellow of Trinity College.. Rih. .MlknREsq., Trniy ollege. nCoee,Pofsoro C. H. PMatby. Fa.rntyClee ThoaeanSl.Fq.lteRFellow o Trinity ollTintge. ge W.W. Pearshn. Faq., TrinityrCollege.Tinty ee Faqtgt o. i Tdwrinityan Trinitoege H.Pr. iE Faq..s, sq Trinity College. RichardS otter. Fq., Clate ElalowoL ue' olg,Poesro IfThesHonm at Uprn.ivmi College, London. C.he HoeaLon. Faq.ng Rio,TingtyCollege. Tohe Ryev. F REsqa. Harow Schemoolkae Foellgoe TiiyClee TheJ RaierhtHon., Tir onlitomlle,Msegoeh.ols rniyCl RoT,yotha,Esq., SnirteF w lTlooftrinit1Colege MaertightaHo.kSra Edward Rlan, F .e.ow Trinity College. I. Mileromephun, Faq.. ltrinUwofTiity College. C.% E.Sit,Fq., late Heoall. galneCuee The Ho. W. SprihngRice ,Trnt ColegdWse. fRfo aeFio Th o. .SrngRc,Trinity Co llege. Jo. Sykenbes, F sq., lt Fellow ofnPembrok College. oUge W. M. Tayler. Faq., Trinity College TomW Tatlor, Faq., it Fellowof Tirinity College. MaretlnTakerayFaqlae elw ferllowCoflKigsCollge H.TheRv ompson,MA.,late Fellow of Trinity College. He. Tibaming Faqq.,lt Fellow of Tr agtyCalene.Clee The Rev.n. JVaugbhan elr Head WMiaaster Wofarow, late Fellow o fTrinity College. J.. Woena,bLes. q. lat-e Fellow andSt Tuorfess Co llege. C.J. W iarllsd, Esq., ltrin lo f rrity Coilsge H. T. Wratshn Faq., Fellow of Snt.yon College. F.ThuRev.Roer 7Wsq to, late Fe llwow of Tlinie College. H.Jlehm a.,Flo of Trinity, College.yColee Hn.S TheloHen.gr Justiencoauhns Wllnst TintColee Th wo ite.h poeeor Sir Wilia to g ed at elwo Trinity College.ege ThWoley, .D. labete FellowD. ase of St.don'sCleyguse. o Re. IoLledge, LAq., latekesoof T rint ollege. atrl ndEpe H.nta. Weh.osFaq, Fello Cof t oneClege. H. YArdle, Esq., lAte Fellownof Mgdaoeneo Coftellege. F--6 3. Mi KEMBLE Faq., T inity College, Hon Se. ilM 'JE. woit powr to ad tenor theH fTirnumer- Cle. gira Rev.a.rm aw, DeRe..JAel1woChristMCoIegei.,MteofCrs' Rev.eT. Oroerto,R. PFel ollege. Son'ne Su1sex Cllge W. T. Bdym, Faq., D.CA, Regiow Prdfessorsftaw, Triityr oStJhall Re. A. Wodur. lreq. DA.C nt Fellow of T Jeant College. G. rienpinell, Esq . BA.C, Cobrpusa ofhrisity Collg, euieDoe Derooler H aigh., M.D. SeirFowo ean College. Rev. S. h.etBaeon D31 Fellow of ist.s JohnesColgee ubi Re,.rW.G. a" El,o PrlofeadsdstnTuor of TauaadEprintmetlPieoh~CisCollege. Ae. .Amos,keqr, lLA., DeowaningProessuor of thawus Coflenglan Downin Co .llege. 3 , aeFHw fS.JhnsClee Rev. J. Gat, Gu.so, Senio Fellow ofd TtrinityCollege. ProfIessor of Rev. R. FCogning, MAT A F.e.ow inof Fellroweofriite Cllgee Po FigOli PYrye, xi., M.A. nt Fell ad aow of Trinity College,.rfso Rev.PTeo.FPrestonA, ILateFelawofSt.Jinity College, odAloe' Re. 3. Rormil, lsLA., Senior FellowndAssatTto of Trinity Clee eitay Rev. 3. wharw.D.DA.,Flo of. Chtris's College. Rev. T. Lvamtb, R.)., Fellow of St Jhns College. Ce. C. Baornto, Reqlow oA. Srut. John' Ctolrofege. I11 W. H Deant ke., .A. FelowandAssistant Tutor of St. John's Rev. . W. ie,M.A., FellowanTuo of Trinity College. P.Doey.beq..n MA.. - LirainofTiniyClee Re. W3. Hearh Brow, FelwadTtroPmboeClg. Rev. S Cheethr MA.Felo of CharistsHCllege. Lbrrano Rev.y. J. Ciari M.A., st Fellow and TavorsoantoTutor of Trinity RyG.kinrl A,ltFeoanTaoofJssCollege. Rev. H.B. Copel, M.A., Fellowaof AslPetant Tuor fe rniye olee Rev. 3. rokell, M an latewo Tuorpu ofhGins College. Rev.0.. ERiMcTit, XA.,it Fellow of nst. JohnegCllge Rev. W. lbwit yu,n M-A. rnt Felow n uegoe CrssCllg. Rev WalFerguson., XiA.. lteFellow ofPemronieyColle"e. Miam Waere,nFaEsq,li -A.Floan Ttor Cof De nn Colee Hev. Fratostni, FA.l.Ate Fellow ofSTriJonisyCollege. Re.3. L W.nd Shrpe, AiLA., Felow and Assistant Tutor of CTrinity College. Rev. H. HwtoX M.A. Mt.,Pte' Colege.Ci Rev. 3.Ltom . J M.A. , elwo Cam Cllge RevrFiHnityFelow ofTrniyeosiee Rev.h Ze I. atam M.A, elow andTtroTinyHa Rev. 4, B. B. Mayor, M.~~~~~a. elow n tAsIth nt TuorfSt oo' Naevy H &C . Mlunro,e lian ., AFelw Ma-anTute fTrnt Clee 3.DBha. Fa., M.A. FOllsoLwof Rev. B.l Smiteth A., Fellow-ofSt. PtrsClee Rev.ER. Townicy,MMA., Trinity College. H. alker. a Faq M.A., lat Fellowmof Trinity rollege. atth WD~fice,iamrWaltn a., M~r.e. Tian4wity olleyge.age,3. H.ea,W. Wasn Req% IL Th eHomi of TereintytColltaege. M Rev.y T. y Sap, iand, g 'dllyw and Asitn Tutor of Chrptl t' Hormn. ' Town:, and Feetidrations(taken one the spot), OP1r duly, fror 11 monlng tilt3 evenng, atl62, P ildMl cowner of 8t.James'tr'eel, Adision ISI Children and schools half-price. YREAT GLOB1:, Leicester-square. -Crimean Collection.- Sevat-opol, model ot the Of. aodte tb£.a Bslrel, Sweaborg, Lect o nRSi, the es, ndthat:D aTcue b es captmred fm t Ihe ,ZDPesse ot and Trop;hol uo oethe R kiha ~eg~~g o allthe ArmesOf hXrree-Kodel of the Eart on to the whol bu , I Chiden and sholdsalp , Openfrom 10 ao.m tolOp Lcturestf hor. nl[ADASTE Uei .L.Eis d, Alexanderlt, Gen. Canrobet, Kling ofDenmrkDnkeof Cambrdge, }:cperoradmpressof theFrnc.Eperorandznxne of Austn? late Maestie of Rusa St. Auad, Lord Rajn Ges P~Sa S tan. ac Napoleon Chamber, ac Open from till dsk, and 7 to 10.-BaarDn.st Admeinl Napolconrooms, d.exta, MUM- ZOOLOGICAL-GARDENS. Reqent's-rk. !_ weOPEN, daUy, adAi rILs, o n MonX y fd. l ectlon ontans 10 lions AnuUtaeri, aarof the spoom, heed o Aeds, ad numerous other objets of unu intert, Bdilab enZool irs abdW ly musate in the Aqu A-RGYLL BOOMS.-LAuRENTs CASLIO now 0.OSe for tlhe inter so Prin l cornet a ison, MB . eourt, Doso tS. Admissiont Is H LL uxeot'sya,w n. eye night. RKA.HE- IebratedANATOMICALMUSE,UM D(forgentlemenooly1l the rarity andoompleteneuof hose contentg have APrqtit an Euopean reputstion, and obanethe nucominendatiw of the es, in thiisan other countries, is now opendaily. A new series oforiginal specimen3sand models, embnac. -Inteome Sleet iurOra4nt Sud -curiousi featurscastrlation of the wonderof the humastructure, has uetbe added tothecollection, which now stands wholy unrisailed in the wrorld. L delivered during the'elay and a newr one Is delivered by Dr. Kah, at half-past S o'clock eeryl eve,g Admsson ls.- Cevenigw I street, Leioeuate-qae. FIFTY POU'NDS REWARD.-LOSTor STOLEN, .Wfrom a Cab, on Tueoday eyeigte 225 inst., between Cleveland. roetJxmeea,streset,andtheyad,lsg Railway Statt,sn, a BOX, abut3feet2Iinches breed, covered with-black lesther, with the name of he ounessof llarnre ained ponitin white letters:. The aboe rwnewil bepad t an pesongivngsuch information as will lad inAhe ecoer ifEest; wnd be atoenitwll bn paid torany person At th I-DLdon thlem pieopery sate-sreot To-orrow (Samtordth tmoun 26th instant. The chair wMl b,o taken by SAMUEL MORLEY, Ezq,, at# 2 o'clock precisely. SAMUEL BROWN. Secretary, (usiness Committee).- OlEce of the Association, 86 King .Willlansn.treet, city. CANADA DEBENTURES.-The 0 IJRN WRA fallng due on the Ist of February hell, on the Canada Debentures, n3egotiated through liring, Llrothers and Co., will be PAID On that or any succeeding day (Tuezday anld Fridiy ex~cepted). bete-ecn the hourns of 10 and 2, at their count;ing-house. 8, Thsbopsgate-e~tret.WitiAwhere lists, as usal,maybe obtained, '- and on the NVew Bank 1bands, date Ist December, I55? wil be PAID by the undessigned, at their counting-house, on and after the above. enentionedday, between the hours of 11 and 2.-Printed forms for lista maybe had on application as usual, F. DEi LIZAkRII and Co. 38. Cannon1-street. Jan. is, 1856. FT~EATRE ROYAL, LYCEUM.-ThisTHEATRE ,Lto be LET. Applications to be addressed to A, .Anld s. 31. Golden-square, .rod . Q¶T. JAMES's THEATRE-Tbe Let,-Thi elegant ad commodlious THEATRE to be LET, for the prormance of ihodrema French plays, German or Itallan operas, ~For terms AndrtiMmlar appEl, at the theatre, to Mr aitnBaa r'at folow -l'iate bores, to held two persons. lOs, 6d, (5*,3 for eac~h persn ertra) on the p.d tier, one guinea;- proxaceuiun andI stage boxes M 2e.; galleries, d 'And Is;; pit, Ws; Upper boxis Is, 61d, first qirele, 2* 6d. - Seecrcle, U5.Morming Performance every *edesday at 2 o'cleck.-The performances teruiinate every evening, at balf-past 11 o'gIoek.-Owngi the nightly oYverflow zo wtesthe first comedian and the betBos Pantomimue ever produced, ladflie and gentlemen -are solicited to book their places early to PreTexntdiEapDointmeut. Thsefreelist in entirelysuspendedi, -Nrotice in the public: In consequence of the great appause anid laughter bestowed upon the wonderful experiments of th Wizard of the &LS.W. by B., the new squitt. entitled The Great Gun Trick, wil be rpatedl every evening with the highly successful Pantomimne.. THIS EVENING wil be perforned THE GREAT GUN TRICK: ; ProfessorCharles bfathows theVV-izard of the RRW.by S. Toconeluxda withbthegraudceomicChristmstr pantomime, HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE; or, Harl.equiin Nonsense and the Seven Ages of Man. - The scenery paited by Mr 1lulllam Beveriry. Two Har1equin.% two Woumnbinej6 toTlmntalocus, -two Sprites, two Clowns (HaryBoleno and Tom Matthews. Priancpal danoer, Mfi Rss n rgt Dooms open at hal-past , and cormmence at I. T HEATRE ROYALb, COVENT-G-ARDEN.-Two JL.uvenile Nights._-THIS EVENING (Friday. Jan, 25), and To-mormow (Saturday), the performances comnmencing each evening with thre highly successful pantomaime of Ye BEL ALLIANCE. fifth representation of Lea Tableaur Aerienes, by Mons. Edonard Bouteillier (the Italfan Brother), Moas.G. Larista, and Mes-srs. Candler 11l;, and concluding with the Scottish operatic drama of ROE ROY. Rob Roy, Psofessor Anderson: Hele Macgregor, Mm, J. W. Wallckr, Doors open each evening athalf-past 6. The pantomiimetoncommence at a quarter to 7, aLnd the entire performances to conclude before 12 O'clock. N.H. Thesewillbe the onlyjuvenile nights. The LastGrand PaTEomEimeToGEFda,ndT-morrow ISauadturt 2 a'coc , the duoomoen3l at drectidornedyofTH.'Eilly X.PTRiATAQbores Awhchemay lsf.owbe (s.;ppe bors, e, &; aphlhea~stals, s;p i, beingaley ts, T- HEATR PRINYAL, THMATKET.-THIS JLUEVENIN G (Friday), a INdGomo HSatRdY, theL successfull Cherrqfy. i The Corsican Brftherswhich, the Pantomime o Tevr Also oAonda an TusAy ineT wek HeBeand' Stratagm andrerfPrantoie. TwOmore Jomn. Performagncesa of th daro mntimte o Thursd ayned JaG1ndo hRsNDay Feb. Grbeng th twORlastCofth sheason,an cmcano mimed) The J ComK nBrte sTAndth Pnom,Hrlqime ever Mother Goose atHoeAan Jack and Harlequin. Madames Celeste; Mkother Goose and Clmie isWnia;Con r Garden; rantaloon, Mlr. C. J. Smith. iro,M.L er omoe Henitak of r. lsrLeqes awnd Pothe Goos antHeomeraion: rS the year, performedl first THIS VENING ; concluding witha a Drma. CREAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE, GShoreditch.-Proprietor, Mr. John Doirglass,-Partle3 firom the tour utntreturn without payin a vist to the Great National, Ibere he ea PANTOMIME of the Season is nightly Acted.- ireo Most Wonderful Plantomraisoot in the World.-Twenty-fiveMagui. Scent Scene&--Costly Dmeses.-Splendid Mechanical Changes. A STLEY's AMPHITHEATRE.-Thie Lust Three X Performances of Mr. W!llam Cooke's; wondrous Elephants, In-I cluding their incredible Steep)AscensionFeat,previusto)theirdeparture forAsnerica, This Day (Fridayl. the 25th, and Tomorrow (Saturday), the 2'th of January (morning and evening).-EXTRA and LA.S 2fthJannasy, at2 eeo , commencingSmith.tenw~adqrsra pat mimo HAREQUGN ST.M GERGEA AUND TICEDK. Mar.cthersen Chamin of CMritendom ailburiemllatseisof. Aslenes ind phns Toncludngld with th see AscDenso FeatuD tenam THEATRE ROYAL DRURNT-LARDNE. Lessee, Mr. E. T. Anesmit. THIS EVENING, THE GREAT GULIN ICEf ToDco clude cithdeYvih O D IDLE . LE Rob Roy. Professor Anderson; Helen Macgregor, bMrs J. W. Wallack. THTEATRE ROYAL. HAYMAARKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckstone, THIS EVENING, THE BEAUX' STRtATAGEiL ByM~ms.uektuone, Howe, Chiendale,Ee,rs E.RVilllers do. 3 Renold. Swnborugh. lla opeln Mrs. Poynter. &c. To ooncludo with THE. BUTFEEFLY'S BAIL ANDu THE GRAS. HOPPER'S FEAST; or, Harlequin and the Genius of Spring. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. - Under the Management of Mtr. Charles Keanr. THLIS EVEN-ING wil be presented KING HENRY VIIL Queen Katharin, hmrs C. Kean; Cardinal Wolsey. Mr. C. Kesn. To con~: clude with HIARLEQUIN AND THE MAID ANDTF MAPE or, The Fuiry Faradinsa and Ha,nky Planky the Enchanter. -THEATRE R-OYAT., .ADELPEI. Proprietor, Mr. B.~ Webster; Directress. Madame Celeste, TilS EVENING wil be presented DOMESTIC ECON0OMY. John Grumly. Mfr. Wright; Joey, Miss Stokeor; lMm, Shackle,Ms Kate Kellmrs Grumly. MinlsaWyndh-m After which, URGENT PRI T M AFFAIRS.. To conclude with JACK AND THE BEAN STALK; or, Haxrlequin and, Mother Goose at Home Again, .ROYAL OLYMIPIC THEATRE. LUn essho'ee. eocto Mr. Pheldpsgan THIS EVENNG. THl e preALOUSd WT E-E Mr. G. Pri ad Mrs. SPhrlpsg.ozo THEDIREL ParItn CESS;bor, The ThrreeGlass Dis,ta.fs,obMesors.;T.robson, Emry,iDawiere, H. CaooprWhite Cliton; Misses ullC,nalSt. Gerg,TemaH ar stoA,n, Msskbur. and THEAT SRE ROYA, HSADL R'SWLS -Uner thes,Manag. Semherantdf Phelswk. THS VENING wil be presented THEI TEMPEST. Tocndd with, M r. O F .obnon rncL.or,HMr.lewuisnBallnSd pJaneSo, re.Ry A ROYAL S ARRE 1THEATRIE. - Le~ssee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. THI EVNIG wil - be -presented HIARLEQUIN AND ST. GORGm i HE DRAGON: or, The Seven Champions of Christendom. After which, the Scenes in the Cirnie with. Mr. 03ooke's Per-forming EephanLts. Tocosicludawith ROOKW(~D ;o mikx Ride to York. ;rT pit TO COERESPONDEM'S, Our readers are requested to' obser-ve that the price oJf Thie.Timas is redueed to 4d, and that 51d.is the price of a copy with the imprse $St - affixed5. Under the -amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 00) The Timws is transmnisible' biy PDst` to British colonies andl foreignu countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications; Whatever is intendedl for insertion must be authenticated by the name and addres of the writer ; not necessazily-far publication, but as a guarantee of his goodl faith,. We cannot undertake to return rejected communicatilons. jgr The publication of TreE 11s commenced at 5 o'clock yeste rday morning, and daWbed at 9.
ZONDOR, FBrDAY, JANUARY 25, 1MO0. It was but a year or two ago that adozen eloquent gentlemen were proeclaiming every day to admiring, multitudes; "England's peril is: Ireland's oppor " tunity."- All over Europe,the politicians who madoe t their business to watch us the most closely, and in America a class of journalists who have evidently written on bath sides of the Atlantic, took up the saying and prophesied against us. It was supposed,, or -at lenst imagined, that the whole strength of England was required to rivet and tighten the chains of the Celtic PnoDmTHEus, to neutralize his mad strutggles, and keep the v-lture at his entrails. At the least diminution of force or intermission of vigilance the-Titan would snap his chains, spring on his feet, defy our utmost power, aid compol u3 either to recognize his liberty or. submit in our turn to foreign dominion. Very true it was that in those days-Lays that a boy may remember-30,000 men were thought hardly a suDfiefent garrison for Ireland. Tiurty tliousand soldiers, ten tlhousand of the finlest polico in the world! and an elaborate system of hai-L-acha and stations, were considered to require reinforcement whenever an agitator had made a'speech that smelt more than usually 'of whisky. No doubot there were murders enough, but arms are of as little use against murderers as they are against caf&les or cock sparrows"nd"the'army-"thatwe have described was for the risinug en masse, which was alW`ays coming, and never did -come, These wily and patient politicians were waiting for a foreign war, in the event, of which they were either to assume so rmengcing an attitude as to create a diversion, or actually to invite and receive an' army of American or continental liberators. We are doing no injustice:to. our countrymen when we say that this was considered quite on the cards, and that military authorities gravely laid down that in the case of a war we could not move a man from Ireland.. Well, anl occasion has come, which certainly did not peril the existence of this country, but was-in one, respect very much more trying than Celtic prophets had foretold, since at one time it drained the military resources of this coumtry to almost the last man. Now, then, was3 the time for the "diversion." The Celt had only to show a bold. front, aiid not thirty, nor sixty'thousand Saxons,; could guard. a land teeming with patriots. All1 Ireland was the battle-field, every hill a fortzeas, every hedge a' stockade, every bog- impregnable position. At a word, at a throbbing of the national pulse, all Ireland would rise as one man, and drive the-oppressors into the sea. That was the expectation, and reasonable men held it. But .what has been the fact? While Englaud has so disarmed herself that we have seen ilitiamen garrison the Tower of London and Portsmouth Dockyard we left, at one time, not more than a thousand regular troops in Ireland; and, if they had been taken away, the exit of the Last soldier would have made no more sensation or difference 'of any kind than the departure of the last swallow. No doubt, we shall be told that we have made a solitude, and then call it peace. But Ireland is not quite such a solitude as that. There are still some seven millions or so in the island, and they stand a good deal thicker than in many highlyfavoured and populous parts of the continent.' Were there absolute exhaustion that would tell against us, as well as for us, and the recruiting parties would find sheep and oxen, not men. But that is not the case. Ireland has contributed her proportion of soldiers. There is no desert in that respect. Ireland only no longer swells the ranks or fills the purse of the agitator. To him the land is barren fromi Dan even to Beersheba. Military spirit is a plant of every soil. Everywhere one feeling or another sends youth to arms; ambition, enterprise, disappointment, disgrace,idleness-a hundred motives, good and bad, fill the ranks destined for the Crimea, or wherever the tide of war may lead; but they have given birth to no Irish Brigade; they have not 'taken the form of "United Irishmen ;" they have not clung to the recollections of '98. Nowhere has the war excited more interest than in Ireland. Not a single Irish journal but has singled out the 'Crimean heroes from that isle, and taken an honourable pride in the circumstance that the historian of the war is an' Irishman, with all the genius, the vigour, and the poetry of his countrymen. Ireland has availed herself of the opportunity to extract her share of honour out of the war, and, as it happens, more than her share of its -profits. She has supplied the greater part of the beef and pork required for the army and navy, and the demand has enriched her farmers and graziers. No country ever niade so great a start in two short years. The ber efit to England is that Ireland has ceased to be a burden, an anxiety, and a scandal. We find, to our surprise and pleasure, that we do not require to hold the island in military occupation, or reconquer it every year. We have not to maintain there as large a force as that we sent to the Crimea. So much has the result of " Ireland's opportunity" opened our eyes, that it is now shrewdly suspected the police force is excessive. When it was lately suggested to send them to the Crimea nobodyhad a thought for the landlords, the agents, the cornricks, and the cattle left behind. No Irishman would be so base as to take that advantage of the absence of the police on so glorious an errand. On the whole, besides the gain of comfort and appearances, on the merest military calculation Ieland is a better ally than she was a dozen years ago. True, she then contributed more men to the army, but then she kept 30,000 of them at home. The difference that we are concemed with, and the difference at the disposal of our War Binister for the common service of the empire, is greater now than it was in 1844. Scarce a name, scarce a device, scarce an institution connected with the delusions of that period but has waned and passed away, or gone into some strange transmigration. Many have submitted and taken office; others, more deeply committed or more obstinate, have emigrated, or are publishing philosophical works on the origin of human society, or niiscellaneous poems, or anything, in fact, except sedition. One agitator of no ordinary courage and genius has lately died of sheer grief at the total bankruptcy of his trade. Et si non Olivia 720Cisses, mrihts esses. 'When a man has been all his life sti;ring up his fellowsubjects to faction, and, if possible, revolt, the employment becomes as necessary to his existence as molting-days to the tallow-chandler. It is the fixed habit of his mind, the fist word on his tongue, the spontaneous act of his pen. Take it away, and what can he do ? The volcano of Irish grievances is as extinct as the craters that harmlessly adorn the landscape of the Rhine. No doubt, wherever there is opinion there will be differences, and religion divides men i Ireland as it does in England and ScotlandL But these questions will henceforth be discussed, not at monster meetings, not with guns and pikes, but in Parliament and the press, and we suspect Ireland will succeed better in this way than when she sued in the form of a rebeL We are taking no particular credit for the measures of any Government when we point out this signal non-fulfilment of the Repeal prophesies. Many causes, some wholly out of human control, have contributed to the unexampled tranquillity and prosperity of Ireland. But, even if British statesmen had no hand in' it, the moral would not be the less salutary. They that back up ill designs with gloomy predictions, and implore PBovmmicE to afflict nations for their own wretched ends, may gratify the angry passions of a moment, and have the future to appeal to when the present fails. But when that future'- comes they are utterly confounded. They leave behind them meimoris iat war with the -prosperity of their countrx '; ' he hlour of national triumph and mintual-'qongtatulations, when al have done their part, it is then remembered that' there were men who 6 prdphesi6d far otherwise, and who even now are complaininge, from their tombs that Russia has not crushed the liberties of Europe ana quenched the glory of England by the aid of Irish treason.
'The preaent age, which is so self-complacent andso severe against the superstitions of the good old times, has one chief subject oI felicitation. Jn these days, it is' said, linowledge is extended, and men go to and fro.on the earth. The railway, the steamboat, the telegraph, are said, in exa°gge rated plhrase, to annihilate distance. Our generation certaiinly has tle 'light to beast' that in material improvements the last quarter of a dentry 11hs been almost eqitial to ten tines the same period inpre6eding ages. TMIl within the last three years the dlirection of maritime promress was whMt may be called oceanic: The Atlantic, the Pacific, the Indian Oceans -were every- month more qreVent y furowed bytthe keels of the 13ritish and pra erican marines. -At the mouth of almost every great port, on the heights of almost every remarkable jromo6ory, floated the English flag. The young and growing conumnities of the world were placeid .at its rie extremities)and long-voyage navigation attraetod the. energy and capital of the greatest firms, and made crowded harbours andflourishing citieon spots'*herea few years lbefore there wa onlyisand or Jungle. Al this l time lands close to our pwn- shores lay unregarded and undeveloped. The world of the ancientsl the primmval East, the MIediterranean, with its classic shores, were ornly of interest to poets or antiquaries. The Orbis veter,ilns otinrs took few manufactures. The Levant trade was something or nothing, umworthy of a great firm's attention. Naples and Spain did a little business, mostly by means of enterprising smugglers. Greece was poor, Portugal as bad, the African coast, with the exception of Egypt, surnk in barbarism. Till within the last 10 years 'so few travellers visited the more distant ports of the Mediterranean that the result of a three months' tour was generally a book describing it. A visit to Smyrna or Alexandria was pretty sure to be followed by "The Penny and the Piaster' in two volumes. One French and one Austrian company shared the traffic between them. The boats were old, small, and slow; the passengers were few, the stoppages frequent and long. No one was in a hurrY, or seemed to regard the loss of two or three days as a matter of comnplaint. At last came the great war in which we are still engaged. The West again precipitated itself on the East,-a movement began of Which the present age 'will hardly see the end. The diplomatic phrase concerning the reception of Turkey into the European system expresses the change which the impulses and necessities of the present day have wrought in Southern and Eastern Europe. The armies which the last two years have seen landed on Turkish soil are but the type of that flood of enterprise which will probably fertilize those long barren regions. The great steamers of the British transport service art not the last which will enter the line of ports-between Gibraltar and Sebastopol. Should statesmen do their dcty and achieve the triuinphs of peace as well as war, we may hope that in a few years the Mediterranean will be traversed in all parts with a speed and regularity not inferior to that which unites the two great ports of the Atlantic. Unfortunately, however, the European seaboard is possessed by a number of petty Sovereigns, and those who control the Mediterranean ports are the pettiest, and yet the most obstinate of their class. There is a peculiar strength in these small States, which arises from their very weakness. They can obstruct the progress of their own territories and the world, while more powerful and wiser nations are precluded from interference by the fear of incurring a reputation for tyrannical and cowardly aggression.- Nowv, one of the institutions most cherished from Lisbon to Constantinople is the law of Quarantine. In the ports of England orAAmerica it has been restricted to a temporary separation of vessels known to have on board some infectious form of disease. To prevent patients suffering from smallpox from being landed indiscriminately and carried in hackney coaches to crowded hotels may be a defensible regulation, but very different are the tyrannical edicts which worry passengers and impede all free trafflic in the ports of Southern Europe. In Greece, Naples, and Portugal the presence of any malady supposed ri ghtly or wrongly to be infectious is sufficient to make the Quarantme almost what the word expresses,-a prohibition to land for 40 days. But these States carry matters much further than this. Their theory of infected ports is totally incompatible with all free intercourse between nations. An official of King OrHo or King Bo-mEA, the Secretary of a Pasha at Smyrna or Beyrout, pretends to have heard that cholera is prevalent at Gibraltar. The fact may be true, but yet no one has the smallest fear of the disease being brought in a steamer, or believes that it call be kept out by any maritime regulation. yet an order is issued, and every passenger 'who has touched at the condemned, port is obliged to wait from five to ten days before he can enter the country which is his destination. On landing he is transferred to a miserable lazaretto. His family, including, perhaps, several children, are obliged to pass a week in a lonely building a mile from the town, sleeping in more or less filthy beds, on the floor of a room into which officials and their deputies make no scruple of intruding. This takes place although it is well known that not a single case of sickness has occurred on board, and that the incarcerated passengers are in perfect health. Dtuinig nearly the whole of the past year half the world has been put under this ban by the authorities of Athens and Naples. Even the little Greek islands have enforced quarantine on vessels coming both from the East and West. A traveller returming to Europe from the seat of war learns with pleasure that the steamer is to remain a day at the Pireus. But his classical curiosity is soon to be disappointed. When Mlegara comes before him, and behind Egina lies, he suddenly hears that, owing to cases of cholera in Turkish ports having been reported, five days' quarantine has been just established at Athens. At essmina it is the same story; le must be content to contemplate -these wisely ruled dominions from the deck of his vessel, while- the unfortumates who are to land proceed drearily to their temporary prison. These, however, are small evils compared to the sufferings of those whose health is weak, or who are engaged on afiairs which require despatch. The slightest pretence is enough to' condemn a vessel to isolation, in spite of every argiument of reason or humanity. Our readers will remember that the other day the large steam-: ship Pera was forced to enter Lisbon by stress of weather and the- breaking of her machinery. She was 'at once 'put into strict quarantine, because a passenger had died of sore throat. Nothing could& be done for the repair of the machinery until the due period had elapsed, as not even the engineer was allowed to land. Little more than a year ago the passengers by a steamer were detained thrce days at Smyrna because a Pasha's child, only two -days old, hada died, and it ;was po6sible that the disease might have been cholera. If any good purpose were served by these vexatious regulations, if the health -of the cori-. m,unity p lind'weo in- any way pres&.ved by thera,. ~EiV oiild-be-right-to:sis it; But who can say that thc tons of the editerranean and the Ievaat Sre:'beter 'defiend,ed froi disesas thantiverpool or' New Ybrl? 'hile the street isIa sewer and each house hals its -cesspool under it, the sanitary police are exausting their vigilance on English' tourists and merchants. The explanation ,of the system it is eaytoarive at. Money is made by it.- The illicit gain of a lewoDicials. *ho buy or intrigue for their placea is the cause of this obstruction to the commerce of the world. Weknow how difficult it is in more civilized countries to make any: impression -on the -system of passports, because by it so large a body of functionaries is pupported, andits continuance is involved with so miny' vested rights. 0 The motive3 which influence the petty Cabinets of the Sou'th are still iore colmected with the revenue, wretched as it is, which certain pacemei- earn;'' It is, _W lipa, useless to urge on such'persons, as it is umne csSary. to tell more sensible men, that-theincreW of traffic which would follow the remova1 of resfAi; tion would f*ly' conpensate for 'the- 'cessatioh: -of such miserable incomings. But, now that thiis seems likely to be brought to a close, and -the surest defence against its renewal i3 the edevelppi ment of those regions, it becomes the duty- at the great Powers to combine and abate at onca an intolerable nuisance. With all due. f6c r sovereign rights, we cannot hold that every petty monarchhu a x rght to do whaf he likes -with'his own. lisbon, Naples, fessmina, Athens, Syra, aid the Ottoman ports are importaiit haltng-places-on Lhe great highway of nations. Science has proid Lhat to a great extent the notion of contagioun -4 allacy; and, even if if were true, a system of regluj Lions could be d6vised far leis onerous and tyrunnical. At any rate, a general plan oughtto be adoptbd by international agreement. The intercourse~ o maiikind should no longer be dependent oni the caprice or cupidity of an obscure health offider, We may not persuade. theSoutherns to adopt alto. gether more; liberal and philosophical vie9,_ but we may at least compel them to restraiit 'their prejudices within reasonable bounds.
Of the threeleamea rofesajons, the medical-has attained the highest -charaeter for disinteresteid. nesw. Itard things are said of' the cupidity of the clergy, the wealth o£. certain benefices affordirig_ strange contrast to the poverty of 'the primitive church; still harder things are said of the lav'yers whoare supposed to eat the contested oyster while the plaintiff gets one shell and defendant the other, but there is probably no class of The comMnunit genecally so free from mercenary Motives as the members of. the 'medical and suri,Cal profession. Compare the physicians of last century with thogb of the present.' The physician of last century seems to have been regarded as the emissary of death; the satirists. described him as always plotting to get into a house, sure that, if once' he crossed the threshold, his foot was planted there for ever ; and, with a bitterness which we scarceli now comprehend, they suggested the Chinese mode of payment,-namely, to pay him a certhin su.n while his patients were in good health, asid to stop the allowance from the - noment the, bEcame ill. Now, on the contrary,' while we hear Of large forhues amassed by the more eminent members of this vocation, we also hear of their umiversal behevolence and general indifference? to every pecuniary consideration. It is right to beat this in mind when our attention is called, ast3 present, to a case in which, if we are correctly infornied, the disinterested character of the prafession appears to some disadvantage. Than Professor Ow0, there is not a more distigguished man of science in the country,-not one who better deserves a position in hich he may pursue his studies without the fetters of sUperiQr control and without the distractions of limit;d means. No doubt can enter into the mind of any man in the slightest degree acquainted with the present state of science that there is no salary in the gift of the Rtoyal College of; Surgeons so wei merited and so well accounted for as the 5O01. which Professor OWE-x receives as the- Curator of their magnificent Museum. - This fact being unive7sally adnitted, we must confess that we lately saw with amazement mingled with disgust a statement made by one of a deputition to Sir GEO-dGE GREY on medical reforn, to the effect that -: motion had been placed on the Council-book, of the College of Surgeons to reduce the salary of Professor OWEN ; which motion was only withdrawn when notice was given of anotlher nmotion to dispense with the Council dinnels rather than reduce the salaries of meritoriou.s off4cerw. Sir GEOSRGE GRE, it is true, at once stopped this indiscreet revealer of College secrets ' v'rith the remark, "You had better not - go 'into " that, Sir ;" but we think it had better be "gMote " into ;" we think that these proceedings on the part of those in authority in L3ncoln's-inn-fields should be exposed and stigmatized as they deserve, and that care should be talken that science is not starved and pinched that examiners may feas. If the College finds it necessary' to retrench, Professor OwEN's salary is the last wLich ought to be touched. There are ten exsminers, who receive about the same sum each, and whose salaries mlight far more easily be reduced; for, while their duties as examiners occupy but a small portion of their time, they themselves, from their position as the principal surgeons of London, are very amply remunerated by their professional income. Their duties are, indeed, comparatively light, the examination wh ich they have to superintend being simply a "'pass,"-that is, testing iwhether the candidates for diplomas have a certain minimnum of proficiency, and not a competitive one,-that is, testing the relativ e merits of candidates. Being among the most eminent surgeons in the country, these examiners receive for their services unusuallylarge fees, althoughwe eare not at all sure that the fact of their seniority renders their examination a whit more efficient than that of men who perform similar duty for half the -re-ward. However this be, the Court of Examiners, as the most influential portion of the College Council, have it all their own way, elect themselves as examiners, determine their own gains, invite themselves every six Weeks to dinner, an-d, when the funds run short, propose to fine everybody but themselves, Professor Ov. among the nuriber, a man not less celebrated thai they are, who has no such professional income -as they have to fall back upon, and who has, moreover, to give his whole time to the duties of his office. ' Considerig the complaints which have been raised again and again as tothescanty-provision maid for science in this country, and the obloquy -which has been heaped on successive Governments for this miggardliness, we are astonished that those who propbsed to curtail the means of a man 'whose fiesearches in. comparative anatomy have placed his name beside that of Cuvixa should be "c'they " of his own householda" and we do - tust that, in the interest of their own ioble art, the great surgeons who have attained slch eminence in its practice will refiain from reducing the well-earned income of' acolleague who has attainea&at least equal eminence ia the prosecution-of its theory. Wi1th all tho wealth -of this country, 'all its honorary appointments,'that nre merely lucrative sinecures, the rewards of science and literature are, in aU conscienceS few enough andapoor enough. Thenation that hispioduced the noblest literature whichl thje world ever saw, -and that has done more for-science.than. any other-people, ancient or modern,-~this nation-hap. pens also t;o be the moi6st. practical, reserves 3al its highest rewards for practical skill and Ieves to almost unaided efforts the scientific ability iiiclh discovers 'andthe literary genius -which perpetuates .al the great traths upon which practical skill depends- It would-seem-as.if -the practical mea 'who make the capital and distribute the moneys -seeing'that the professots of pure science have a 'reversionary treasure inthe imni'oiality of, their names, determine that they- _maust be contentf witlt a less reward for the preseht, while' the praotitionert :jh.s deeds' ire more trsitory shall aLs 'enjoy the more transitory 'renmneration of silet- and gold. - ' We carinot dismiss this subject without calling attention to the anonalous position of the Colrt of Examiners of the Royal College of Surgeons.
There is excitement enough throughout the *country upon the subject of Mr. WinLmx PAimix and. his proceedings 5t Rugeley, bit, as may well be supposed, this excitement is at its height in the town of Rtigeley itself and the immediate neighbourhood. The population is divided into PAL3irrsm and Anti-PRuzmERrEs ;-some persc,ns are eolved that nothing shall convince thema of Dir.. PALnER's guilt-others are equally fixed in their opinion of his culpability. It is the same thing at Stafford; the inhabitants of that town have prejudged the case, and it is therefore impossible that justice shoulld be dono therc between the CRowN and the prisoner. Under- these circtunstances, ?nd presuming that on either side the only *anxiety is to obtain a fair trial, would it not be advisable to remove the case to some other assize town on the same circuit, where a jur might be empanelIed who would consider the weight of the evidence for the prosecution and the defence without favour or prejudice? We have Ieen given to inderstand that it is PALx's owvm wvish that the indictment should be removed from &ftafford, for he feas the amount of prejudice -existing .aginst him in that town might be of serious damage to him. If this really be so, he is Sully entitled to the change, for a man's life must -not be sacrificed to local prejudice. On the other hand, if it were well ascertained that the inhabit-ants of Stafford look-ed too favourably upon his case, the CRow0x would equally be entitled to the removal of the indictment. We would add, -that in a case of this importance, involving, as it -does; so many critical questions of fact and inference, it would be but fair both to the prisoner and -the public that one of the Chief Judges should be -appointed to travel the Oxford Circuit dlrLing the nest assizes. It is no reflection upon the Ptuisne Judges if we say that in a case of this importance it would be satisfactory to see the inquiry conducted by such a man as the C}IIB JUsTICE of ERNGLAND, or Chief Justice JEnvis. If the prisoner be really gnilty he would be the more surely -condemnuied; if innocent, so much the more sure -of his acquittal. What is wanted is strict justice; the best that can be had.
COURT CIRCULAR. WIN;DSOR, JAir. 24. The Qneen and Prince drove out :n an openv carriage yesterday, accompanied by LJady Blanche Egerton and L3dy Grey, and attended by Ladyr Chlrchill and the Hon. Mlary *Seymounr. Lord Charles FitzT;oy and ColonelEF. H. Sey* aour wvere in attendance on horseback. The followin;~ visitors arrived in the afternoon --The Prince:s Victorna Gautommaof Coorg and frs. D-nmmond, :GeTneral Count Aiphonso Del la Miarmiora, commanding Sir-dinian Contingent in the Criiiea, attended by his Ad.e-ae. - Canp. Count Avet; the Earl and Countess of Shafresbury .and Lady Victoria Ashley. Viscount Torrirgton, Lord Churchill, and Admiral Sir EdmundI Lyons. In addition to the above tlhe dinner party included her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, the Earl of Aberdeen, the Earl and Countess of Ellesmere and lady Blanche Egerton, Lady Fanny Howard, Ba-roness de Spaeth, Sir George and Lady Grey, and Colonel Francis Seymour. The band of the Grenadier Guardcs played during dinner, and afterwards Her Majestys private band. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by General Della Maranora, went out shootin- this morning. Hi Royal Highness the Duke of Ca.nbn7dge (attended by Colonel Tyrwvlit) arrived to-day on a visit to the Queen Captin he on.Jame Drnsaond R.N., anid Captain Sherard Osborn, PH. N., also arrived this day at the Castle. A dransatic performance took place at the Castle in the i five acts, of the A3c) chant of Ycnic ws seectd, ad te pats erefilled according to Duke of Venic . .Mr. GrahamAntonio (the Mterchant of Venice) Mr. Cooper. Ba3,vanio (his friend) .. . M. . . lr. A. Wigan. .min . . . . . .Mr. D. Fizher. Salanto Iiiie 'Ilr. J~~. F. cahart. *a:arhiino) ,UWAntrdonoandR>ass.. {_t e atbc3t loc', ieads toAutouioandBnauo . .M. G. Everett. Lorense (in love with, Jessica) .. . r. Leigh Murra. Shsyloc'k (a Jew) . . Mr. Charles Rean. Tuobal (a Jew. his fridend) . r. F. Cooke. Ltanc,lot Gobbo (a clown, servant toShy- Mr. Keeley. lock) 'Ohl Gobiho ffather to tauncelot)- -Mr. Meado,s. Lenanrdo (servant to Bassaiuo) Mlr. Brzier. Ralthaar 1 fzervants to Porti . r. Clark. StepIiano f i~ra oPri Mr. Bosh. Por'ia (a-richbseiressl . . 1Mr Charles Meazn. Nerin; a(her waiting-inaid). . M . Keeley. Jessica (.daughter to Shyloek) rmis ML Tems5.n icene-PartY aat Venice adl partly at Belmont, thesnt of Portial Director .M . . .3r. Charles Kean. Assistant-Director .*. .. 3Mr. George Ellia The Theatre arranged and the e paintedby Mr. *The Quzeen's private band was in attendance. About 8 o'~clock Her Majesty the Queen and his Royal Righruess the Prince entered St. George's-hall, accomipamed by their Roy-al Highinesses the Prince of Wales, the Princess lioval, Prince ~Alfred, the Princess Alice, and other memabers of the Royal Faniily, her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, his Royal Highnes.s the DukIe of Cambridge, the Princes Victoria Gaurommna of Coorg, General Count -AlphonsofDella 3armoran, the Earl of Aberdeen. the Earl and *Co~untess of Shlaftesbury, Lady Victoria Ashley, the Earl and Countess of Ellesmere, Lady Blanche Eg,erton, Lady Fanny How-ard, Viscount Torrihrgton, Lord Churchill, the Right Hon. Sir George and - Lady Grey, Adlmiral Sir E. -Lyons, Captain the Ron. Tames Drumnmond, R.N., Captain Sherarti Osborni. R.N., Colonel Fxancis Seymour, Co oeld *T=rwhit Mrs. Drnummond, Count Avetk andt the Ladies and eneen in attendance. On the entrance of the Quneen and Prince the performance commencedl. 1efreshments were servedI to Her MajesaW visitors in the Music Chamber. The following had the honour of receiving invitations to witness the dramatic epeettioni :-Lord Jamies Murray. Baroness do~ Spaethi heRhtHon. H. andI Lady 3Lary labouchere, Lady and Bmis-ic'k-nian, thle Hon. Mrs. Hdon, the Provost of Hon .n . e.E cI Eton, the Hn n e.H an Mi. Moo-re, the two bli-ses Moore, the Rtev. Seymour Nevlle Mr ad Mliss Mlardo, Lieuatenant Riley (Rifle Brig6td), LieuitenantColonel Nartyn (Cosnananding Officer), 'Lieutenant L~ane and Stib-Licntenant Ouninghasne (2d Life Guards), Colonel Clifford (Commanding Officer), Lieuteniant-Colonel Hop. -. ood and lieutenant Phillips (1s BatLnlion Grenadier Guards), Lady Carolin~e and Mliss Barrington, Lady Eml
: RlETURY OF -JEI T} E A Y4-- UHAPO. Thurmday Night.-The Belgian Steam Tranatlantic Kavi. ation Company's now screw steamship Beo que, Captain Luck. the firstof a new line of t ips grom Antwrp, tid Southampton, to New York, put back this evening. Thse Belgique left Antwerp on the 33st ult., but, in conlsequence of a disarrangement in her machinery, was detanedhere unitil the 63th, on whichi day ahe left, and, oWing to a second accident, was corapelled to put into ;WI mou9th Sound, from which port she sailed for hew York on thet 10th. fMterear chin about 70 iiles ewest ofthe Lizard one of the boilers was found to be bunit out, and the shiD leaking to a considerable ex. tent. The mainmast had also sunk. Finding that a con. tinustion of the voyage was dangerous, the Begique wat forced to put back, and it wat only by the united efforts of the a;s.sengers and crew that sle was kept afloat, the mps by that metans hasingbeenkeot in continual work ni-gtand day, The quantity of water an her hold is vaziousl stated from fol:r to six feet. The Bel.gique will ome into aock tomorrow. The ship had fair weather after leaving Pli- woat.
THE PENINSULAR AAILS. SOUTHMIPTON, JA.N. 24. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagas, Captain J. Weeks, with the Peninsular mails in charge of Lieutenant Tickell, R.N., we havedates from Gibraltar, Jan. 16; Cadiz, 17; Lisbon, 19; and Vigo, 21. The Tagus brings 12 passengers, and 23 distressed British seamen. On freight there are eight packages of specie,valuel at 2,l2a, anda cargo consisting of 120 boxes of oranges, 4 cases of attar of roses, 3 cases of saffron, 4 cases of leeches, 1S hhds. and 8 cases of wine, and 14 packages of general merchandise. The Tagps during the voyage has experienced strong gales with rain and squally weather. On the 14th inst. she exchanged colours with the Peninsular -aud Oriental screw ,stearuship Alma, steering to the N.W., in lat. 36 40 N., long. 812W. On the l9th, off Gau Lighthouse, she passed and exchanged colours with theEnglish schooner Fairy, steering for the River Tgas. MTe Peninsular and Oriental Company's newscre-w steamship Pera. with the outward India, ChiLna, and Mfediterranean mails, having repaired her damaged machinery, left Lisbon for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria on the 19t'h iust. On the arrival of the Tagus at that port on the outward voyage it was the Admiralty agent's intention to have carried on the Gibraltar malls; but, finding the ship in quarantine in consequence of the death of a passenger, this was fo-nd impracticable. From Gibraltar our dates are to the 16th inst. inclusive. The weather had become calm, although there are several casualties reported. A grand ball- was given by the merehants of the town to his Excellency the Governor on the night of the 15th inst. The British steamer Taurus, eight days from Liverpool, arrived ont at Gibraltar on the 14th. The British hark Sea, from Sunderland, with coals for Gibraltar, arrived out on the 15th. On the 7thinst. she met the British schooner Zaphyretta, of London, with loss of rudder, sails, and in a leaky state, bound from Cadiz to Soathampton with a cargo of wine. Captain Dtmcan took the master and crew of the &ephyretta on board after abandoning heron the same day in lat. 4315 N., long. 12 W. On the passage of the bark afterwards to Gibraltar she ranshort of water, and during the last 48 hours before anchoring in the bay had not a drop left. The following casualties are reported in the Gibralar Chronicl:- "The British brig Jane Hudson, Rowell master, from Alexandria for Cork, put in on the 10th with loss of bnlwarks and other damages, having been struck by a heavy sea off Cape Spartel, which, filling the cabin with water, carried away a boy and seriously injured the captain. "The Sardinian brig Esperanza, Danino master, from Pernambuco, with sugar for Genoa, put in on the 11th leaky, with loss of bulwarks and other damages, and has thrown sonie cargo overboard. " The British brig Aid, Dewer master, from Athens and Cagliari, put ir. leaky, with loss of bulwarks, sails, and other damages " Tie British brig Lord PRaglan was supplied with a chain and anchor. " The brig Saint Esprit, wrncked at Tarifa, is a French vesseL "A French bark is also wrecked there, rnme unknown. "There is a great loss of life on the west coast of Spain. "The British schooner Diamond, Grifliths master, which left Gibraltar on the 27th ult., put back on the 11th, with sails split. "The Bdtish brig Margaret, which went ashore on the 8th inst., ras got afloat. "The French schooner Polixene, from Marseilles for Caen, with soap, &c., put into Gibraltar, disabled, on the 14th.? From Cadiz we have received distressing accounts of many accidents which have occurred at sea, and around the coast, I n consequence of the tenific gales which have existed The following are extracts from the official reports of the signal ,station a6t Cadiz of the Sth and 9th inst. :- "An Ainlmown brigantine has experienced considerable damage. "Several persons belonging to a British ship which left this port for Buenos Avres, and was wrecked a few nights ago towards the coast of the island, have arrived here. " On the night of the 8th a brig,antine went aground on the coast. "The French schooner Jeune Nanon, of 74 tons, Captain Mas6, with a crew of six, and a cargo of lead, front Adra for antes, wvent ashore towards the south of the Torre-Gorda, and broke to piece on the spot. The captain and first and second mates were drowned, and three of the sailors, who seized hold of a plankr, were driven on shore, but succeeded in saving themsel¢ves; they were conveyed to the hospital in an .almost lifeless state. "The French brig Fenix, with a crew of 10, from Marseilles, bound for Holland, was wrecked at midnight on the 8th. She strulk on the rocks near St. Sebastan Castle, breaking immediately to atoms. Two of the crew were drowned, and eight saved themselves with the assistance of ropes thrown to them from the castle." The following Est is copied from the Cadiz Con ribuyentc to the 12th inst. " The PortuguLese schooner Camois Segundo, of SS tons, Macbade master, in ballast, from St. ltbe's, went ashore beyond L.a Cortadura. " On the morning of the oth, theFrench brigantine Mrarie LJouise, Captain Gallen, in ballast, from Cette and Gibraltar, bound for Clasablanca, was nrecked off Cape Trafalgar; crew "Early in the morning of the 9th the British bark John, Captain James Farthing, from Liverpool for Gibraltar, was nrecked on the east shore of Conil she is dismasted, and cargo, &c., damaged. Of the lOpersons who composed her crew seven were saved and three drowned, including the captain. " 'lThe French schooner Aglae Rosa, of 99 tons, Captain Constant, with a crew of seven (captain included) and a cargo of lead from Carthagena for Rouen, foundered on the coast of Chipiona in the night of the 5th; crew saved in the boat. "On the morning of the 11th a ship, with damage to the mizenmast and sails still fluttering, was discovered aground at Cape Candor; her flag is either French or Belgian. The British ship Phwenix, of 33 tons, Captain Robert Parsons, laden with wheat from Alexandria, and which was seen on the morning of the 71th anchored off the mouth of the old canal, parted from her moorings during the nioht and was observed this morning sunk opposite St. PhiUip's Point ; the crew, 12 in number, were saved in launches sent by the captain of the port. "AVt 3 'eclock in the morning of the 10th the Sardinian brig Francisca Catalia, from the Brazils for Gibraltar,with a cargo of coffee and a crew of 12, went to pieces nine miles distant from the coast of Conil ; one of the crew, named Domingo Esporra, saved himself on a plank-the fate of the others is not knIown. " On the east of the said shore of Conil, and one league. from the place, the Swedish brig Hermelin, Captain .A Haxtrell, from M1arseilles for Akyab (East Indies&, in bal. last, went ashore in the afternoon of thm 9th, the crew (12 in number inbluding the captai) were saved. "On the 8th a brig which bad left Gibraltar went ashore off Cape Trafalgar-crew saved on the cost of Veger. "Onthe morning of tlle same day a Portuguese schooner, from Madeira, bound for Muga dor, was wrecked on the east side of Cape Trafalgar-crewv saved. "At midday of the 9th a ship, name and nation unknown, went aground on the shore of Los Pajares ; the fte of her crew has noe been ascertained." On the night of the 7th inst. the Spanish ship Blanca was lost opposite San Pedro's Bridge, and 26 soldiers were unfortunatelW drowned.
POBTUGAL. SOUTHAMTON, JTY. 24. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus we receive dates from i;sbon to the 19th inst. Her Majesty's ship St. George and the French steamer Newton were the only foreign vessels of war in port. Several vessels continued to put in daily in consequence of the stormy weather on the coast. -The exchanges for this packet are quoted-London, 54j; Paris, 521; Amsterdam, 431; Hamburg, 48 ; Genoa, 519. Transactions were very limited, both money and bills being equllay scarce. Stock and share mar*ets very dull. Porttguese Three por Cents., Coupons, 42 to 43 ; registered, 421 to433 ; Bank of Porugal ahares, par to 1 per cent. premnium; Bank o£ Oporto shares, 17 to 20 per ceni. preminm; OurLisbon correspondentwrite3 as follows:- " The Portugese Corte aro to meet again to-day and continue tho session, which had been suspended until the completion of the financial report and the new arrangenients with the Santarem Railway Company and the contractors. MRain continues to poutr down as if it had onlj just comSnenced, instead of having been almost incessant for the last four months. Bruch distress has already been caused, principa'ly along the banks of rivers; houses and walls hamo givenvway inthe towns, and earthquakes have prevailed, principally in the Algarves, but without doing any serious damage."! - * - THE MAI1s.-TVrmpOOL, Jan. 24.-The- British and ort Amrica snil teambipPeria,Judkins, ing stage at 11a.m.
SECOND EDITION. . THI TIMfES OFFICE, Fi iday Mo&nig. : EXPRESS FROM PARIS. - The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterJ&ay, 6 p;m. -A. letter from St. Petersburg, dated the 7tih inst., states as follows:- "I now add some further details to my letter of yester.- day, which was written in great haste, and under the first impression of the important news which has astonished this city. The Moderate party says nothing about it; and its leaders maintain great reserve.' The War party is very violent, and openly accuses Prince Gortschakoff of treason, and speaks of Austria with the utmost bitterness-of" Austria saved by Russia in 1849. According to these menj Russia 'cannot accept a peace which will cost her apart of her territory, and impose on her the mos't hurniliatin4' of all conditions, that. of xaz ng her fortresses along the coast of a sea which is a Russian lake, and this before they avengedthe honour of theirarms by an exploit different from, that of Kars;-a peace,-in fine, which will finish, onee for all,with the iniluence which theyhave exercised in Germany for more than a quarter of a century. The old Russian predicts a convulsion if the Emperor signs, without being constrained by force of armis, the conditions prepared by Count Esterhazy. In fact, the conduct of the Czar gives rise to the strangest versions. Some suppose that the' Cabinet of St. Petersburg has, as before, accepted the Austrian conditions only with the' intention of separating. the particular interests of Germany from the general interests of Europe as represented by the Westemn Powers.' Others pretend that no Russian diplomatist Will sign a. treaty of peace on these bases, for, according to them, we are far distant from 1634 and 1731, when, by the treaty of -Weasina -Vadislas, the King of Poland forbade the Czar Michael, the founder of theRosuanoffdynasty, to assume the titla of Autocrat of All the Russias, and when, by the treaty of the Pruth, Achmet obliged Peter I. to raze the fortresses of Taganrog, Cameno'-Zatoum, and Sumara. " Such are the remarks just now amongthe chiefs of the Russian party, defeated as they are. The capital is much agitated since yesterday. According to the system of compensation which appears to have become for some time the rule of condxuct of our Government, Prince Alexander Gortschakoff may soon be recalled from PVienna, as his cousin has been from the Crimea. " As to the interview between the two younger brothers of the Czar on thesubject of the resolution which the Grand Duke Nicholas was commissioned to make to the Gfand Admiral, and which interview took place this morning only, was of a very violent character. In spite of what is said to the contrary, the news is official and certain, and the Czar has declared formally that the Austrian prbpositions were to be the bases of ulterior pacific negotiations, and for the present may be considered as the trme preliminaries of peace. " It was no doubt to avoid painful explanations with the Grand Duke Constantine that the, Emperor sent him-'his brother Nicholas. He has even the precaution to let his decision reachl Vienna by the telegraph, and also the official note of the Chancery reach hL. Esterhazy, before exposing himself to domestic scenes which could only annoy and afflict him, but not change his resolution. "The Grand Duke Constantine is greatlyirritated against his brother. The Vice-Royalty of Poland, reserved for the Grand Duke Nicholas, and which, according to usage, should fall to his lot, is no small cause of his irnitation. Placed at the head of the eccentric fraction of the Russian party of those who are named the Intrasctaoc, the Grand Admiral thought he should make himself popular, but has not succeeded, while his brother Nicholas enjoys an indisputable popularity. This young Prince, loved hitherto for himself, has seen the affection of the people increase in consequence of his marriage with the Princess Alexandra-Petrowna, daughter of Prince Peter of Oldenburg." Another private letter from St. Petersburrg of the same date, vid Brussels, mentions that among the diplomatic body and at the Court the conclusioh of peace was regarded as inevitable-such is the term used. Nevertheless, the unconditional acceptance 6f the Austrian propositions had produced considerable sensation in the capital It adds, that with the exception of the -functionaries, who are, of course, ready there, as in other capitals, to approve everything, and to eulogize every act of the Government, this sudcden aad most unexpected return to pacific ideas was generally badly received, not merely by the old AMuscovite party, but also by the mass of the people. The popular fanaticism had been roused to such a pitch after the fall of Seba3topol that at the present moment it is a work of difficultyto make them accept a political arrangement as necessary and desirable for the Empire. The publio mind was greatly agitated, and there would be nothing surprising in the fact of an outbreak. A letter from MIihaileni (Moldavia) mentions as follows " It is necessary to direct public attention to the attempts made by Austria to profit by her position in the Princi. palities in order to round off her frontiers by encroachments on the Ottrman tcrritory. We do not as yet know wvhether the attempts on the Moldavian frontier are made simultaneously in U'allachia. In the latter province no one appears to care much about the matter, for the Waywode, whese duty it is to guard the territorial integrity of the Porte, would not be displeased that the Austrians appropriated some hundred thousands of acres, provided they helped him to remain in power some years longer. But hers in Moldavia it is different, the encroachments of the Austrians have encountered a firm and loyal resistance. Seven acts of encroachment have taken place in seven different places, and would, if connived at, have deprived Moldavia of 3,000 faltschefs (about 5,000 French hectares). I state two instances-one near our house, close to the frontier of the BuL-ovina; the other on the frontier of Transylvania. In June, 1855, an Austrian officer made an irruption on the 'Moldavian territory, and advanced as far as the huts of the frontier guards, on the property of a lady named Gretchano. He ordered them to retire, within four days, to the Bnkowina, and threatened, in case of refusal, to burn their houses, as the line of the frontier was, he said, to be removed to that point. The officer then set to work, and at a distance of about 600 toises caused a line to be drawn across the lVoldavian territory, in which a part of the property of MIeresti was cormprised, and which was, inhabited by 30 famnilies at least. This operation of Austrian engineers has taken from Mloldavia more than 300 faltschefs of land, and 34 families paying taxes. The officer declared he acted under superior orders. "' A similar fact occurred in the district of Oknu, which is conterminous with Transylvania, in May of the same year, by order of tho MIunicipal Council of Kezeli-Washa±dzy, who, after having pessessed themselves of the laud of Oknu, delivered it to two merchants. The Council refused to listen to the representations of the Moldavian Government, and declared they should employ the armed force to repress any resistance on the part of the inhabitants, and to compel the authorities to accept the new limitation, which had been effected also under superior orders. These acts, in seven difTerent districts, preclude the supposition of mistake on the part of the persons executing the orders, and they ought not tc be passed over in silence." A telegraphic despatchfrom Marseilles, dated 'the 24th inst., brings accounts from Constantinople of the 14th. Conferences for the settlement of the first and fourth points relative to the Principalities had already been held in that capital. Thepersons: who assisted at them were AaliPasha, GirandVizier; Fuad Paslia, Mfinister of Foreign Affairs; Prince Callimaki; theFrenchAmbassador,M.deThouvenel;. lord Stratford de Redeliffe; and the Austrian Inter nuncio. Baron de Prokesch-Osten. Prince Callimakti was preparing to leave for. Vienna. Jean Gbika had been appointed Prince of Samos. M. de Thouvenel had given a grand diplomatic banquet, atwwhichi the Ottoman Ministers werepresent. M.Lejeunehiadleft' ConstantinopleforPersia. GeneralVivian,apprehend.. ing an attackoftheRussiansuponKertch,had applie to Constantinople for a number of infantry and artil. Iery offcers. The accounts from the Crimea are of the 12th. The ground was si' covered with snow. The cannonade on both sides continued. The allie3 had blown up two of the Sebastopol docks. The R-ussians were taking their winter quarters at Sim. pheropolandBakshiserai. Despatches from Kinburn' 'stated that 30,000 Russians were echeloned between: Petrouska -ald O,czakoff, and that an attack against Binburn was expected. Letters from Trebizond 6f the Ith bring no news. At. Giurgevo, on the Dan:ube, aseri6uscollision tookplacebetween Turldsh ana Austiian soldieTs. The intelligence -from. Athens is of the 16th. Riza Bey had pseseuted his credentials to Kiiig Otho. His Majesty-had con-, ferred'on Prinice6 apMieon, the Grand Cordoii of the Ordet of Cbrist and the Saviour. ;The Freich General Levaillant' lid arrived at Maersei in: the Thabor comning from the Crimnea. miarseilles had received 25,000 barrelA of Am'erican flour. The price of wheat was declining. -: The screw frigate Pomoneo corning from the Blaclk Sea, and the steamx aviso Fulton, from Toulon, airived at Brest on the 22d inst. The war transport Perdrix left Toulon for Brest on the 23d inst. I * I . The steam frigate El Dorado eantered tiarse1es on the 21st, coming from Toulori, and laden vrith war mef&Miel. - . . '-:. '- ' ' We read in a letter, dated Copenhagen, 19th instant-:-. - "The news of the pure and simple acceptance bv Russia of the Western propositions is considered here a most auspicious event for Denmark, whose position wvith respect to the belligerent Powers was extremely delicate. I have, however,'reason to know that the assertion of the English journals, relative to an application said to have been addressed to our Government to the effect of placing two of our ports at the disposal of the allied fleets, is totally unfounded. The ultra-Danish party, which is always dreaming of the reconstraction of ancient Secandinavia, is the only one that did not hail with satisfaction the prospect of the conclusion ot peace." The following private telegraphic despatches have. been received :- . . . - : . . -"RIE3STE, JA.24.- "The Ambasshdors of the Allied Courts commenced th'e. discussion with the Porte onthe l4th of the questions rela-- tive to the reconstitation of the Principalities and the reforms connected with the Payahs.'. "A rupture between England and Persia was considered inevitable, and it is. said-that France and Turkey w1il follow the example of Eiigland in this respect." "MADRIED, JAN. 22. "The Cortes, after having settled the question of the reform of t&e tarikFl, will enter on the discussion of the: Budget. They have decided that the affair of the NationalGuards who revolted on the 7th shall be carried before tho (rdinary tribunals. * Some engineers belonging to the French Grand Central 33ailway Companys have arrived here to proceed with the works of the line to Saragossa. "Some rvinours have been current of a new Ministerial crisis, but they are entirely ufounded. "The purchase of provisions in Spain on account of the English Government, and intended for the Crimea, has been suspended." The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 69f. 50c. for the end of the moath; the Four-and-a-HDlf per Cents. at 95f. 40c.; and the new Loan at 70f. 20c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,210f.; Great Northern, 90(3f.; Strasburg, 925f.; New shares, 780f.; Pars and Lyons, 1,200f.; Lyons to the Mlediterranean, 1,330f.; Western of France, 797f. 50c.; Bordeaix and Cette, 710f.; Great Central of France, 600f.; Lyons and Geneva, 710f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,460f. ; Austrian railwayA 81f. * Courm Authentique.-Pmuus, Jan. 24.-Cash Prices.-- Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents. (not reinibursable for 10 years), 94f. 25c. a0c. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. p.id), 9Sf. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 95f. ; Three e Cents., 68f. 50c. 75d. 70c. SOc. 90c. 69f. 69f. 10c. 20c. b9f. 69f. 10c 20c. 10c. 20c.; ditto first loan of 1855 (65 :per cent. pid), 6W2. Zac. 0c. 70c. 80c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (5 per cent. paid), 69f. 69f. 10c. 40c. 60c. 70c. 90c. 70c.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 69f. 69f. 10c. 25c. 40c. S0c. GOc. 70c. 90c. 70f.; Bank Actions, 3,250f., Credit Foncier, 540f. 5451. 650f.£; ditto Obligations of o001., Three per Cents., 365f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,460f. 1,455f. 1,465£. r,4GOf. 1,457f. 0c. 1,46f.; Discount Bank, 625f.; Piedrmontese Five per Cents., 8S. 85f. o0c., ditto Three per .Cents., 53f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 83 ; Spanish n- terior Debt, 36k. Exchange on London, at sight, money, .25f. 374c.; thrce months, paper, 24f. 95c. ; meney, 24f. 921c. AUSTRIA. (osRO oUR OwsN cOn sPONDNT1. VIENNA, Jasr. 21. There is to-day no newvs worthy of mention, exCepting that the most strenuous efforts are now -being made to induce England not to insist on Russia7s disarming the eastern coast of the Black Sea. Iii diplomatic circles complaints are made of the inconceivable obstinacy" (n7&greiflichez) Starsinn) displayed by Sir Hramilton Seymour in this matter, and it may therefore be concluded that he does not consider it advisable that Great Britain should obey the behests of a Power which will largely partake of the profits, although it has not shared in any of the dangers of the war. It is clearly understood that the consuls of the Allied Powers are to be allowed to reside at the different Russian ports in the Black Sea, and it is probable that Austria- also agrees with the Western Powers in thinking that Russia must pledge herself never again to fortify the Aland Islands. The Austrians are extremely desirous to have the preliminaries of peace signed off hand, but it is foreseen that the British Govermment will not consent to do so until a perfectly clear and satisfactory interpretation has been given to the fifth proposition. Last night there was a magnificent ball in the saNlos of the Princess Schwarzenberg. Their Majesties were received by the Prince at the foot of the grand staircase, and by the Princess on the landingplace. At either extremity of each of the 20 steps stood a footman in gorgeous livery, and at the top of the staircase were two stalwart " running-footmen" (Liiufer) in silk dresses, and barrettes. At the entrance to the apartments were some 30 valets, in full Court dresses. Her Bajesty looked remarkably well, but naturaUly did not dance. That the other ladies were splendidly dressed, anid almost all the gentlemen " bedizened" w,ith orders, need hardly be said. The ball lasted until about 8 o'clock in the morning. PRUSSIA. (FROt OUP OWN OORREsPONDENT.1 r BERLI', Jh. 23. WVe have a number of statements afloat here in what are called the well-informed circles, viz., that the Western Powers take the Russian acceptance' as a valid acceptance; that they have accordingly sent off instuctions to their Generals in the Crimea to abstain from hostilities while a truce is being prepared by the dip4lonates in Vienna, and every other desirable thing that the imagination can build up on the above-mentioned basis. The very little that is known here of a reliable nature is not in harmony with these agreeable superstructures on an insecure foundation. As I mentioned to you before, the official annonucement of the telegraphic information from St. Petersburg, that Russia had accepted the Austrian proposals, left Vienna last Friday, the 18th instant ; on this the Western Powers cannot take any formal step whatever, btit must wait for the official communication of the Russian official. despatch containing the acceptance of the Austrian four or five points. This document cannot have reached. Vienna before last night or this morning. Not, until this written despatch has been received and communicated can anything likke a judgment be. formed in what way Russia has anceptedathe proposals,andon that willdepend, in sote -degree, whether the Western Powers .will adopt the proposals as 'their own, with or without the annexation of the conditions, which the Westersi Powers feel bounnd to stipulate in the interest of Europe, but whichAustriafelt impelled,'inthe interestof Austria, to withold. That which thetelegraphas told us of theRussianacceptanceis,that she has acceptedthe propobals as " preliminaries" of peace. To this word there has usually hitherto been a distinct idea attached in the diplomatic world; on the present occasion we shall ind that Russia has not accepted them in a sense in conformity with that idea., It is not credible that Russia. has definitively consented t6 relinquish a strip of her Bessarabian province while there are other territorial adjustmentss not yet arranged, nor that she should contemplate an iuresisting compliance with any further (at present to her unknown) stipulations that the Allies may think it expedient to put forward in the interest of Europe.. The ' telegraphie extraet- from tlat Monday's. Journal de St. Petersbm.rg, which you have, doubtless, published this morning, has certainly not thrown much new light upon the matter- .The Russian Government has, in consideration of the naive sal wishes of Europe, been: unwiling to delay the *work of reconciL;ation by negotiations of secondary moment, and hopes to see its moderatioi duly tcii-zed ' , It is redolent of the superior Kessewrode unction, in the odour of which Russia'100ok down fromiher moral. throne, and condescends to vouchsafe an indullgent ear t;6 the prayers of suffersing Europe. - As soon as Austria is ui possession of Russia:'s 'officialacceptance, in black and white, and has commnunicated it to the Western Powers; we may coiifidently exp'ect that she will lay the' matter before the, Bund,: and bring in a motion on the subject. either with or without Prussi,'s adhesiom. The object of this motion wil be to get Germany to adopt the Four Points in her own present version as a. 7sinitnirn. The application of it when gained (if gained) will be to keep Russia from receding from the advances she has made; to restrain the Western Power from maldng any further demands not yet expressed; or if they do, to prepare for herself an influential body to fall back upon when 'resisting- the remonstrances of the - Western Powers calling upon ;her *to go further. The fate of this motion may be easily foreseen; as far as the- present Austrian version of the,two first points already adopted by the Germaxi Confedexation improves .them- by more. clearly defining them, it will be adopted; the other two points, not bein reca-n zed as Grmaninterests, will probably -not be adopted at all; and: most certainly will no olkiations connected with the achievement of any of them be entered into by Prussia and the rest of Germany. Captain von Ratch, who left here about 10 days back for St. Petersburg, with private despatches from the King and Court, will stay there for the present, and provisionally occupy the post of military attecU, vacated by Count Munster, who does not return hither. Baron Bronow is believed to be selected by the Russian Government to represent it at the approaching Peace Conferences. The French Government is said to back the wish expressed by Austria and Russia, that Prussia should take part in them. RtTSSIA. We have received the Russian journals of the 1Cth and 17th inst. The Journal de St. Pefersburg contains a lst of military and other promotions. General Osten-Sacken is appointed a member of the Council of the Empire, retaining his rank as Aide-de-Camp-GeneraL- GeneralHelfreich, of the Cavalry, succeeds himn as Commander of the Pourth Infantry Division. ITALY. (FROM OamR OWN COBERWOcDMT.) TURIN" JAY. 20. The unexpected intelligence promulgated by means of telegraph within the, last two or or three days may fairly be said to have'electrified the world, and caused speculations, both moral and material, on the vital question of peace or war, which very naturally supersedes every other topic here, asno doubt ithas inmost other parts of Europe. On the Bourse- the usual effects of such new-s was immediately perceptible; stocks and shares rose, and the price of grain and breadstuffs fel proportionately; -but that such fluctuations were merely the result of 'foreign quotations must be concluded from the very -.general opinion among comnmercial classes that peace, though so much desired,' is by no means so easy of attainment as the sanguine would believe. To many t in Italy, of course, the idea of peace at the present moment is the shipwteck of long-cherished hopes, at least apparentlyso; though,perhaps, asin mostother cases, the result may prove the shortsightedness of their own views; therefore, instead of instancing to you the opinion of those who do not wish for peace as an example of public feeling in Italy, I wil quote the remarks of joumals which must be above all suspicion of that nature, prenrising that they are singularly in accordance with the sentiments expressed by their habitual opponents. The papers I allude to are the Official Gaettes of Verona and Milan, which, in discussing the substance of the despatches from Vienna and Paris of the last two days, are by no means inclned to place much faith in peace resulting immediately from the present Russian acceptation of the AustroWestern proposals, as they remind their readers of the unsatisfactory conclusion of similar negotiations last year, and attribute the conciliatory tone of the St. Petersburg Cabinet to the menacing attitude of that of Vienna now. At the same time the Austrian Charge d'Affires at Turin received a despatch from his Government, informing him of the acceptance of the terms by Russia, and authorizing him to communicate the intelligence to the Sardinian Miister for Foreign Affairs, and the Prussian Minister received a like notice from 'his Government, which he also kindly gave the public the benefit of, -with the additional information that it was the Berlin Government which had effected the peace. As I have said, the views of the Vero na and Milai Gazettes are generally shared bypeople of all political opinions as regards the uncertainty of peace, but as to the credit due to the ViennaCabinetfor its part in the transactions, a very wide difference exists. It can be no secret that the greatest distrust exists in the mind of every Italian, official or unofficil, who has had to do with that: Government, and therefore we need not be surprised' that suspicion of deceit is the first idea which occurs on hearing of any change of policy at Vienna. These feelings have been engenderea by long years of mis-governmeent, so that if unjust in the present instance, the Austrian Government has only itself and its hereditary policy to blame for it. As it is, the general belief appears to be here that Austria is still more the friend of Russia than of the Western Powers, to whom she will ultimatelyprove faithless. This judgement may seem little worthy of attention to the wise men of the west, coming' from an insignificant people without power, but it is a people who have had great experience of the Government in question, and we know that trath comes from the maouths of babes and sucldings. The Lombard Bishops appear determined to put their powers under the new Concordat to the proof as soon as possible. - They have now addressed a requisition to the Government of Vienna for the reestablsmeent of the ecclesiastical censure, finding they could get no satisfaction from the local Govern- ment atNffilan; ani this the best informed persons seemtotbinkthey wlllbe unsuccessful, but that the' supreme. Government 4ilIIretain in Its own hands: the power of confirming or noithe clerictldenaunciations against the press, merely allowing the ecolesi.asticalauthosities to'do the:jackal'sIduty. *A private letter fromis Florence says that theGovernment of Tuscany pursues the clerical anud Absolutist doctrines dictated to it from Some, Vienna, and Naples. The Princess Buttera, widow 'of the. Prince Scordia of Palermo, who has been residing some -months at Florence on account of her:own health,' and, in order to be near her children, who are at school there, has been' orderedbytheTuscwn Government eitlher to separate herself from hier children or vrith them to lea*e the Grand' )ucal territories! And this is said tobe the consequence of a private cIrerpondenfom the King oWfiaples to his good cousin of Tuscany, who dares not refuse to execnte such paltry spite. - The decision of a mother ander these circumstances cannot he -doubtful, and she -will without loss of time trport herself andr I fSily, nofvithstaii,g the inclemency of the: seasqon, to the only' free soil in Italy, Piedmont.- Eow qhged in thiKsis the 'Government of TuscanyI from tle niild letpotfsm- of the rane 'Grand. Duke pr'eviois' to -1848 -But iiow, while exorcising widoiwed iiiothers, and prohibiting anything in ther form of. liberid ' lications; a new TOflflan&C` permits the use of mn]in,-und the smial emp?oyes -of Goverment, as nm borrespondent informs me, ire. advised to mask. thes s at the fetes of the CarnivaL. Sinee the ratification of the Austriam. Concordat,- he ays also, the Tuican clergy. have' assumed greater pretensions, and everythingtendc to indicate a similar conIenfion between Tscany' and Rome before lon. . The labonxs of the. Sadinian Parliament during the last few days have been entirely- confined. tm matters (if 16a 'inteiest;. This -is the month i-a which so mMany anniversaries occrfoi-the fitrat iae :of deaths im the Royalfamily.- The' Cou,rt is colt sequently in retkihenitntolenzb, .an'd the a'easoi of CaTnival is nearly as .dull this year tT'-iT as last. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPIC PESPAIb (1'ROM OtW OWN t ORnaSPON9Dnx?n- ,:-) SOUTHAMPTONN, FRIDAY MoxR Nan> Arrived.-Allianje, steamer, from Havre-; 'Pet, from Shields ,Fox, and Tw-yford, from lXewport-- Breeze, hfom tPlymoth; Eleanor, from Jeriey6 Onesera, from 5wpvnsea; City of ILimerjjck, steamere from Londoti. . - LIVEWPOOL, F.PrD 3IORNH.M G Wind W. Arrived.-Matilda, from, Calcutta,; eetwood and Francis, from Bahia; Pathfinder. from Marauz ham; Dusty Miller, from Alexandria; LzzyGarrow, from 2k3sina; Guelhelinina, from Pernambuco. ! QUEENSTOCWN, J&x. 23. Wind S. Arrived.-Lone Star and Olive, from Clafla Spray, from Paraiba; George Carlay, from Trieste, Ector, from Syra; Brewer, from Zew York. (BY SUBnM"Mx AN-bD B R T xaH.}-) GRXVXSEflT> FRIDAY, 10.15 AL.M Wimd W.S.W.; tide, low water. Arrived, Jan. 25.-John MTay, from Rouen. DEAL, FRtDAY, 9.47 Am.3 Winc W.S;W. .: - - - Passed Dungeness, 24th.-North Star, fror& China, for London; Isabella, from St. John'r, fo2 London. Passed.-:Driving ,Mst, brig, from Westward, for, London. 'Anchored.-John Bo3nda, from M1adras, for London. The Cybella, from Berijice, for London, has lost her anchor and 30 fathoms of chain, and. is iboul being supplied with others. SOCK EXCHANGE. - FIDmAY Morn-, 11 o' OiCL O Consols for Ifoney.. ... ... 90l to 90 ; Consols for Accomt (Feb. 7) ... 90g to 91 Turldsh Four Der Cent. Scrin *-- to i dii.
FOREIGN TYTELLIGBNCE. - RUSSIA. (FROM OUR BE0Lf vOM=PORrO-DEN-T.) Bi;BLIN, JAN5. 22. - The news that I have to* offer you to-day froi, Russia is neither very recent nor very exciting3 and it labours under the further very evident defect of having all its little interest superseced by tlhe recent change in The situation. Not a -word is to be found in- any letters, that have really come by the Russian post as to the recent political changer, for it- is still too early; and, according -to tEe -statements of most letter witers, the non-Russian -world becomes - sooner informed of what goes on in the Russian Cabinet than the favoured denizens of the capital on the Neva do. It may be -worth the -while of newspaper readers anxious to acquire a just judgment as to political matters from the columns-of the press, both Dg,sh and French, to observe that letters and newspapers never travel from St. Petersburc'toBeilin iless thxln ix days, even in the most0favourable summer weather; wvith such roads as the winter produces, it generally takes eight days between the two capitals; to Paris it takes a day and a-half more. The French press has, however, for- some tiue past contained very long and interesting letters on mal ters of politics, such as no resident in Russia ever sends bythe post and theRussian police never suffeis to arrive at their destination; furthermore, these intereStin3g conunicationsfrequentlyreach theFrendli capital and get printed there in five days. In Berlin, 'which lies nearly twvo days nearer St. Petersburg, thiis ennRhardly he done in sis. Furthermore, the'se fortunate jourals succeed in getting po3itical information forwarded to them by telegraph, althouih the Russian telegraphs, whichare all in the hands of the Government, are strictly forbiddenbythe printed regulations of the service f^rom forwvarding any po-litical ihews' except to oflcial persons. -l regret very much that I cannot serve.you so well-ha the journlals above alluded to are served, 'whose correspondents contrive to take time by the fo0relbbk and get ahead of history. I find it dificult enough to keep up with her. I have already informed you by telegraph of the appointment of General Lulders to the supterne command of the land and sea troops in-the Crimea, -with alithe powers of a comnmander-in-chief intime of war. This appointment is described to have bee2 nade with special reference to the fast declining state of Prince Paskiewitsch, -which n-ently requires the nomination of his successor. Even shoid the Marshal recover-as he himself seensto expect -he woulkretirefromfurther service. Prince Gottschakoff is the General who has most clain, fron2 seniority and services, to betransferred to this post ; Mouravieff, Pani.tiu, and Ruidiger do not staird. by any mieas so high in the Arnny.ist as he dois. According to other versions, this nomination of Prince Gortschakoff to the high office hitherto andl still held by Prince -Pasliiewitsch must be looledon rather as a respectable way of getting rid or a miiterjcormmander who has shown himuself unequal to his position both on the Danube and in the Crimea; the conviction of his want of capacity i5 said to have .gained ground, nore particularly since the fall of Sebastopol and the battle on the Tchernaya. 1uders;'who succeeds him, enjoys 5 very high reputation as a' general, which maust, indeed, be a'-well merited and generally recognized one, seeing that-in spite of his Germnan originA die has been preferred toGeneralMhouAravieff9, the ";con-- queror of Rain." Th9=e last advices from Warsaw mention that, though the.physicians have given up all hopes.of curing their patient, Prince Pasidewitsch, his eonstitation is so strong that he may probably strlggle many months with the disease. - T e eancer is nbw so large as to be felt:with-the liand; though he'still retains his consciousness and his voice, he is not stbong enough to raise himself in bed. le is now being treated magnetiealy by Baron laoti. The various reforms and& reorganizations of; the inter'aal idministration 6f Pblind, Wihich had- been - foa a time'thrust' into the- bacground' by the mi-- ness 6f the ' Mihd, are now being-- cariedinto execution- the king,dome of Poland i3 to b.e divided into three provinces instead -of the existing: five -governmnents or guZt-ariac; the capitals of these three provinces wvilb~e Warsaw, Lublin~, and Radom. In each of these proinaces the civil and. nnlitary Governor -will be one and thei same person,- and idli be under the direct and sole authority of the Stadtholder, or Viceroy of the kingdom; the management of the Custams and taxes will also be under the direct supervision of -thei Viceroyj-and the treasurer will be in no way liable or responsible to the. Governor of the individual province. The Czar lha given permissiontothe ierchjnt MIorasoff to found- a comnpany ~for spinning antd. weaving cotton,- nider the name -' of the i Bogorodiko-Glucho'wtoi Works; the capital is to oonsist of 70,000 siiver 6roubles in 250 share of W ,OOO silver roubles each. Another cofpany is also in trh csam of orsaniz:toua for- the nleth tic. and tsl
- THB NIGHTINGALE FuND. . On Wednesday afternoon a public meeting *aslheld in the-Town-hall, -Oxford; convened by the Mayor, for the purpose of considering what steps should be-taken for promoting the Nightingale Futd in that city. The haU was well ftled with a bighly respectable company, including many ladies and awlarge-number of members of the University. The Bishop of Oxford ws voted to the chair. The Right Rev. CHAmRmAr, in opening the business of the meeting, said-It has been proposed here and elsewhere that tho gratitude.of the nation is due towards Miss Nightingale and those who have devoted thenselves to the service of co-operating with and assisting her among our suffering soldiers in the East (cheers), and that that gratitude should be fixed in some 'substantial form, aid not left, like some very generous inpulsesj to waste itself in a temporary ebullition, and then to be forgotten for ever. (Cheers). I believe that those exertions, that those acts of self-devotion, deserve such . notice at our hands, not onlY as an act of gratituide to those who have thus devoted themselves to their country's services, but of thankf6aness to Hn who put the thought, as I believe, into the hearts of his servants to undertake this self-denying work-thiss sweet errand of mercy-anid which ought to lead us to desire to fix on some permanent form of abiding charity the expression of our thankfulness to them. - (Hear, hear.) For, ladies and geintlemien,;it ;wasno ordinary exertion to which Miss Nightingale W3S - caled.- It was altogether, in the flist ipla6i, -a. new ind iuntriid field of operation-one which required considerable courage, endurance, and self-devotion to lead a- perzon in her condition and position in life to undertake. It was one that was accompanied by great danger to herself, for she went forth to minister ' in the crowded hospital ind in scenes where disease - stalked both day and night in those roooms of suffering, - seeking anong the new comers for fresh victims. But the principle which induced her to go forth on her erraiid of mercy strengthened her to endurance against all those difficulties. She went forth, indeed, in no respect an-untried person. It was not a sudden surprise,, tbh'e:ae nprising of-a generous spirit, which ani: niated her, and wMich recoils befdre the reality of stern anid unexpected difficultie. She had carefully trained herself for the task upon which she had entered. She had beenr t#aiiysrA j--hospitals at home,- and on the continent of E*oxpe, where etteiietabliihnents of tbhis ind exist-fosr carrying on th'e wbrk of ! charity and self-denial, and scawis prepared by prectice and experience to underhke one of theS eatestemernencies which this -nation*has for many years Deoncalled -uposn -to meet. '(Hear, hear.) For, we ms remember that, unhappily, solar asEurope at'large is cent corned, and ourselves as a nation in particular, owving to thc novelty-of the circumstances in which ~an outbreak of wart involved -us these difficulties were so- great as they were. Our troops $n that distant land were attacked by a new and deadly form of sickness ;- and, with but little preparatioii having been possible -with the speed with whic-h those hrospiitals - atere- commended-with no power at - home-Q providing trained nurses capable of taking the great charge of those distant ministrationis, unless some such self-devotion had-been --manifested somewhere -unless such ministrations had been made amid those sick beds, with the shadow as it were of- an angers 1resence, bringfnapconsolation to many an aching heazt and many a wounded framue (cheers)-the human fancy can fix no limit to the snfferings of our gallant countrymen. (Cheers.) I-think it is very well worthy of our notice, because it leads us to onsiderthat one great law of that wise and- graddus Lord whose we are- atnd whom we serve,-I say it is well worthy of our notice how ther has thus, through His providential ariangements, risen, out of evil the promise it least of a permanent good. We know that war itself is the greatest infliction which can yossibly befall a people or- nation-; we know-that war itself, nevertheless, has been made by the beneficence of Providence the minister of -goodtothehumanrace. Butthisisa new form in which 'war is converted into a benefactor instead of being a waste and an evildoer, because it is out of the present war that the intention we now entertain has arisen, and which will give birth to machinery for properly training nurses to attend not only on the victims of iar, but also of those various maladies to which the human frame is liable. (Cheers.) In this way good wil have been brought out of evil; and from the prospect of incalculable misery we shall have drawn the means of - mitigating future - suffering. (Hear, hear.) One remarkable aspect of this movement is worthy of our notice. It is, as Ihave said, altogether a new offspring of war. In former times there have been many noble sentiments, many noble actions, drawn out by the deep sufferings which war has entailed upon man. But the circumstance I allude to is altogether a new impulse, and it is remarkable as being at once of that good and beneficent kind which marks the present generation and the progress of the human race. I meanthis,-that one of the leading journals of this land should have been instrumental in col: lecting and administering a fund contributed by voluntary charity for the relief of the sufferings of our gallant soldiers. (Cheers.) This is altogether a noew development of the Chlristian principle strugzgling in the great mass of humanit-y among us, and drawn out therefrom - by the force of circumstances, and altogether a new emanation from the Christianity which, by God's grce, exists in our land. Justinthesame way as this, coming forth from society at large, was the prevision of voluntary and unpaid nurses in the work of charity. The two camne forth under thestrong impulse of urgentnecessity, the parallel of which no former war in any part of the earth can exhibit. They fitly mark the progress of our speces and these iiewindications-their fingermarks, so to spealipoint to what Christian feeling is in the prtday, and which, under the urgency ofscircunstances, developedin the mass of theEnglish people thesetwo greataUeviatonsof the sufferings of war. (heers.) Nown, i this is the case, surely in the midst of this University and cityis the very place vnere a hearty welcomeshould be given to such a movement as the one we are called upon to consider on this occasion. For myself, I feel that I seould have been wanting in my duty, placed as I am in God's providence over this diocess, if I had not come forward to hezd the whole body of my countrmen in the University, city, and diocese, vwhatever may be the difference of opinions we entertain on ten thousand other subjects-if Ihad not come forward in this under; taking, and If Ihad not given the right band of fellow ship to those who are supporting this cause. (Cheers.) Alter a few mere observations the right rev. prelate sat doij'amid loud cheers. -- The VIicE AnCaELLoR proposed the first resolution, as follows - " That'the nobl6 exertions of Miss Nightingale-and her associates in the hospitals of the East demand the grateful acknowledgment of all classes." Hre felt that it would be quite out of place for him to enter into any arguments, or to assign any reasons, why they should join in supporting a testimonial to Miss Niphtingale forherservices. He need only remind them with what interest -they read the accouts in the columns of every newspaper of the wants and necessities of our countrymen in the East; the anxious desire which they all felt to be present in thmsehospitalswhere our sufferingfellow-subjeets were collected, to relieve their wants and necessities, and administer comforts and charities to them. Miss NightingnaIe had stood in those places where disease and want existed, and had administered comfort to them, and soothed and relieved them as far as possible. He concluded by moving the resolution. - - - Alderman Si=s-n, in seconding the resolution, exporesied his hizh sesise of the exertions and devotion wnich had been e.xhibited by Miss Nightingale. Although so many of- our gallant countrymen had fallen in the war, and although the hi'ghest skldl1 of the medical attenda^nts had been brought to bear on those who were stretehed on the bed of sickness sorrow, and death, -yet he believed the efforts of Miss Nightinzale were entitled to -their warmest gratitude. - The resolntibn piassed unanimously.. The W,nmnr of NEaw CO1;r.ix moved the nextrsuolution as followss- - - - "That as any tribute of gratitude for her own personal advantage would be unacceptable to Miss Nightingale and an unsuitable acknowledginent of such services as hors. it is ,de3irable -to combine the expression of a nation's gratitude with the furtherance of that cause to which the has devoted her lifel." - , - - 1 - - The objects for which they had assembled, as they all knew were chiefly tiwo-in the first place, to do honour to a lady whose name deserved to be mentioned among the greatest benefactors- of our cotuntry andof mankind-(hear, hear); and,-secondly, to provide her with the means of perpetuating er good work, so that she- may devote her life to an establishnbent which shall lve in future ages, an institution which those who come after- her may be able to perfect, for mitigatmg sone of the& most serious evils which can befall humanity, and ilso administer to the spiritual relief of our fellow creituires. (Cheers) If anything more were needed to be known, beyond what was familiar to the audience, to raise in' their minids sentiments of gratitude for her deter'minatidn,-for the noble, -generous, and self-denying cha- racter of Miss Nightingale, for her extraordinsrv intelngence, for her wonderful administrative- talent, her caPa- city, and her eatnest labour 'and steady endurance,: they -would be able -hear it from-that distinguished,person, -3M. Sidney Herbert (cheers), that which it was desirable the au'dience -shdlld- fio w sothat'otheyniighthofeth ieoortunityzt for=ina'ja no-ledge of Miss Nightingale's character and wisher better than by anything which lie could posily com'uicteto-the: -- 'AlTdhrinfsn. Sextkscohded the resolution. Thue.resolutio,n wa geed to unnmously. ' i Th-% MAYOR movedii efollovingresolutiop i - -" That thitineeting nowv' desir-es to hear from the EigitMob. Sidney Herbert, :wihoattendea as a deputation, the -plana of the London Coinuittee." '. '' - - i, gehad'greit~pleis,dr~ int moving the -i?solution,nbt 'bly -bechute it e&greeablet>-his feei'ngs, but because hefls certain 'he should cav-y-ith him. the sympathies of evey one p;esent on thit iceasi6i& (Fear, hear.)-- Porhapshie might be llo*ed o sy, tha i rt obiect inraising the tesimlonial ws not only--to obtain large subscription4s-b4t also sm one&;ad hae was qiite certain if 1001. We1 -raised in-small s111i of blli3inXg and pence, it wobuldtitot gratifying to EMss Nightingale than double that amouilt raised in larger subscrptions of a guinea i'n a m -lEhe,Pf,vesr- oV QtTERN'sCoLr,EGE-secnded thero& Eti6io. -EHe olievid, ,t,ha,t the runmoursof. peace wte dily -assuming i3 e* fbrmditnd- shape throeghout Europez-1 t I heli§tevd thir6ere w 'ein thaf large- h,il wh6 did-ubi hso2thatjeae, wasm righ' at ,hand. (Hear; hFai. .Tly *biuaiacrjiahisit nth tei for inahy yeas' fih6FiTAf fieineriaSls- oE thhVifar.I itd he hoped th@woroild not Qj4ebt Itbo pb$rpettate out pleasant one. (Cheers. It was,natural that the name of Mis gightinaale eshould benebt(ted tn - thevanou's:fesh thad 'head-thatydy, b7ut it'i -one gratiyiag cfrcimstance-in-the organization of this ge&t worX that- she hadmnot~been engaged alonle,-tbit althd'ujh .F eIhad' tak;& ?' leading y5St. she had 'ceen' aaisld iy otiera who wreiKewilling to follow berand carry out te system she had organized Norwfas it hlissNizhtinzeale4ioe idiom they wishedtoho'oiirs,butitwas the entiev~vwrk iii 8 hsliidli intWer ffbleibsntwsroengaSed. H-e-believedthe proPosed. institiution Would ha"e for its supporters the whole ol that band of noble minded women, and that it wiUlnot orly have thbe benefit which has been derived from their - experience, but that also of many veterans in this divine - warfare, who would take the same interet in it as if the namo of each of them were. inscribed on the front of the building which itwas proposed'to establish. (Londcheers.)- The RightHon. S. ERnixai, M.P., on rising wasgreeted with loud and reiterated applause. He said,-Ladies and gentlemern,I can, assure you it is a most pleasrant event in the life of one, wrho, I am sorry to say, for a period of a quarter of a centnry, has left this University, where I spent three of the happiest years of mylife (cheers), onmy ieturrto Oxford to be welcomed with so much kindness as you have just had the goodness to extend towards mno. (Renewed lheers' I wamcome; at the invitation of those who have taken-a deepand lively interet in the object of this meeting, to explain, so far as I am able, the views and in-' tentions of thoso who originatea this scheme for the purpose of marking to Mas Nightingale the sense this nation, spealdngofallclassesofsociety, entertain of the services she has renderedto it. Now, let me explain to you very shortly what are our objects, and likewise what were some of the difficulties we have had to encounter. The duration of the war it was but a few weeks ago imposible for any: man to fix.' 'It might terminate soon, as I trust in God itmay, or it might be exctended over a lengthened and indefi-'. nite period; but the feeling, with regard to the efforts which liss Nightingale has made and the success which has crowned her exertions, was so strong that there existed signs of an intention of marking by separte and individual movements the feeling entertained in different localities towards her. Had these movementi been alowed to con-' tinue, there evidently wras a danger that this expression of gratitude would have been frittered away, and we therefore thought it incumbent upon us, if possible, to give a direction to those feelings, and so enable the whole nation, by a united movement, to produce results worthy of itself and the lady to whom the tribute was to be offered. (Ioud cheers.) It was under these circumstances that we came so scon into the field. Now, it ws said at the outset, Heow do yot know that Miss Nightingale will accept this proposition 2" Some said, "' This ady has devoted herself to a- greatworok; she has risked her life in its execution, and when it is terminated why don't you allow her to seek- that repose which is necessary for her, and which she has so weU merited after theoaboxr of two years?' We had to answer that it has been the-delight of Miss Nightingale's life to engage in the execution of plans of benevolence, andto devote her great energies and talents to the service of her country; and if we wished to reward her, this was the very way which of aU others would attain the desired end, and meet with herearnestapprobation, by givingher a fresh field and fresh opportunities, and an additional means to carry out those schemes- which she has organized. (Cheers.) Then, a doubt was expressed as to whether Miss Nightingale would consent to undertake so great a work. Happily, only yesterday morning Ireceived a letter from Miss Nightingale, in answer to one which I had previously written to her at the request of the Central Committee in London, from vwhich I willreadyouanextract. Shesays.-"ln answver to your letter proposing to me the undertaking of a training school for nurses, I will first beg to say that itis isma possible'for me to express what I have felt in regard to the sympathy and the confidence 'shown to me by the originators and supporters of this scheme, exposed, as. I am,' to be nusinterpreted and misunderstood in a -field of action in which the work is now complicated. Distant from many who sit in judgment upon it, it is indeed an abiding support to have such sympathy and such appreciation brought home to me, in the midst of labours and difficulties almost overpowering." (Loud cheers.) I think. therefore, after reading this document, we may all feel i pretty well assured- that we have the cordial sanction and support of the lady whom we intend to ask to takle this great burden upon her. (Hear, hear.) But it was said, when this proposal was first made, that there is no necessity for such an institution. Now, on the details of this point you 'will allow me to say a few words. In every country in Europe they have some means or other, some oreamzed institution, for the purpose of training auss Ti,i Roman Catholic countrses especially, is well knowrn. lint it is not confined to them. In Protestant Germany you have the princple carried out on avery high scale in the hospitals for the sick These medical nurses are only allowed to practise after being properly qualified, and a very high efficiency in every respect is necessary, and I see no reason why it should not be the same in this country. Now, people in the enjoyment of wealth say, " There is an eeration in all this, there is no difficulty in getting good nurses; they are tobe obtained like all other thigs, for money." Well, so they are,'but there areinstances where sickness occurs which must be relieved by other means than those that can only be obtained by money. Tak;e the London hospitals. Those have, of course, better attendance than country hospitals, for they have large endowments and they are supported by liberal subscriptions; I do not say that hospitals in the country have not excellent nurses; but if it becomes requisite to augment or change them, the - greatest difficulties are found in securing efficient persons, (Hear, hear. In the country, as I learn from correspondence I ave had on the subject, this difficulty is found to be almost insurmountable. They are not simply good or bad, but they are not nurses at al who offer themselves. Womenoffer themselves as nurses whohave never been inside a hospital, but who have just left domestic service; and the practice which they require in the hospital is acquired at the expense of the patients intrusted to their care. (Hear, hear.) I think I have said enongh to show that in hospitals there is a great want in this particular, and, indeed, most of you must be already aware of the difficulties there are in hgetting good nuses for private purposes. I found, in the course of some conversation I had the other dayn m 3anchester, the feeling was expressed that any institution of tJs knd founded in London would not extend its benefits to the country; but that, I think, is an entire misconception. When first the committee deiberated as to what should be the nature of the institution founded in honour of Miss Nightingale, the nestion of erecting a hospital was at once decded n have hospitals throughout England weUladapted to their purposes and munificently supported. Touadd another hospital would only impoverish existing institutoisns; bnt what we want is, not tomecrease hospitals, but to improve the existing ones;* and we thought, therefore, that an institution for the training of nurses ou"ht naturally to be established where the greatest.number of hospitals exist, and where, for that reason, the greatest number of practical schools would be available for trss tightinglas work. If an institution be formed, as I trast it may be, on a scale commensurate with the feelng which exists throughout the country in regard to the services of Miss Nightingale and her associates, I feel no doubt means will be devised of ramifying from london institutions of a similar nature throughout the country. Pupils may be sent from ev*-y part of the kingdom to be trained [by Miss Nightingale, to be afterwards sent back to practisein hospitals and in prvate families in the provinces. I thimk the objection to thcentrali2ation of the work is entirely unfounced.- We want a university for nurses, to which all may have access, and which shal be beneficial to the whole community. - (Cheers.) Although I have beard cavils on this sulbject, medical -men state that the crying want of their profession is 'that of trained nurses to carry into effect the 'eures which the science of medicine may be able to accomplish. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the nature of the subscriptions to the fund, our object is to get as large anumher of subscribers as possible, as a mark of national gratitude to Miss Nightingale. (Hear, hear.) Her kind offices have been bestowed on all classes alike. Her eftorts were made for the benefit of 'the whole community and for the army at Iarge. We wish, therefore, as far as possible, that allc..elasses should dontribute to the fond. The committee is willing to receive- even contributions of pence. I have -seen subscriptions seat ug from poor hamlets, consisting of sums of 2L ndS3C, made uphby 30 or 40 persons 'whohad given thenrpence, whihtheycouldhardiy spare out of their scthty arninge, but hvich they,had nevertheless given to show their appreciation of iss Nightingale's services; an iawe "have also'had subscriptions from dapats of the line, 'including not only those of the offilcer butoef the non-commissioned offlcers and privates. (Cheers. Wehave had from this ity' a liberal eontribuion from the depOt of the Militia, who have not only aided a fund for thbeidnefit of the' -relatives of'their comrades at Corfu, cwhere they are doing good service, but have also forwarded handsoeset suts to the central commoittee in London-' (Cheets.)? -Surely in this University, where we have an association of all classes of persons, such a mark of eonfidence'*uld be dear to the heart of liss Nightingale. From"this,'fhereat seat of learning, I think, Mess Nightin-r pale, hersef no: nean scholar, would appreciate such amn sidication of your approvaL. You have here a municipality of high historicefame, and you have here represented those 'classes w l so by.their enerpy, integrity, and learnfing' have added so much to the stability and power of the country. You have-in thbeiinderpaduates' the representatives of that body 'Mrm "which cbrdfiy our army is offlcered,' and 'who' have already show;n-that the ancient bravery and courage of our race, with all'lthery for 'which the advanced civiliratiob of-this'conntiy'has een of late years rensiark-~ able, - epyecially 'Sithin the- last half Oentui-y,~ have' not been enervated; -and that, the same spirit -hich ni- mnated 'oin - forefathers' when' they placed their -bddiee,' thieir'swotds, tda;th i:frtunes t the disposil of' the etr stil actuates them on the battle-feld. .(Pro-longed cheerl.) Your' eloquent bishop has said'thit-War dwes'sosnetliint n'ow-to pdac6. -its'trto that 'thbKirtsa of' -pe6 acbi's: :costribut-e4' something- to those -brilliant sue-- cesses which. hae conferred such iPerishible 6ndin'on I oul-' arhlns-.'AlP-that science :has discovere6d'-or'-inVie'ied - 'dufAnTih`e lonryearof peice seems'* ohave beeain imreseed with the-;ence-of war.. -We mave . the- electric tel"erph' hisngits,wim-6ftiess'ae'foi1alr-torn'7e 'h&e ^taxil*i.tay fof thse oyan of muitiosl anxtwarlike sto,rest lIn:sbor t-ehve bl that-the genins of man 'hast iventled for thiQpurjssieidf commeref ah':gto}tifjIpur- ' '~css-6f&' liu*tat-wa4dbso*ba edebt td-petace; and, -d:wi-hisdonea61dtoinjt6jdicus-`Jg twdnren,' -sit'r isu said, sanpping out octeairpoinc, thouha czm-a - bi &-for' -og ii;- thie4 a re tean rkwill: - hiipaidsrf6'b ito ettxueei f'fhislind trnIistm-thas'e np~'e~ad-fttig -hauel or the emplbfen oln whome,ahnda he6 asa3k~itibefftcwht edtbMiss vte gtab& d '.Whilrinchis r ipdtidi*grteefully defcetCer,I after such services and on suc a.ocasion, toihaveh&bn-o -3 'Iehabilo-t .n.. ... tbl e is q t remar 31onth rein i byiniibss of IMis Nightigl,rrcleta xeln~ aswmer beintgiven'taa 4ueyfthkidbanIshcrg" 2libnM who, when he%rwas akdt htse isiihiiie belonged, said, "~She belongst"a Seelwih otnaeyi avery rare one, the sect oft tegood Samartn"(agtr) I shall not enter upon this question atal,ndIhvin variably refousd tdo. 1Nigghltngale is well known tomanY,-`nd-if-any-ne.-thinks:that there lies underthe-I proposal put forth by a committee of gentlemen of every chad of political opinion some plot to proselytize, 'al 1 an ray is -that thoseMwho hold such an oinion had better go-hmoe none the worse in. their finacas,. for I should beo sony to receive their subscriptions under such cir'ume' stances. (Lond cheers.).. But among tEe lower classes, and iU the army in. the.Crimea, the regiments-have subsciibed one day's pay to the fund, and no such question as this was asked. (nyiewed echeqrs.) There is no qiestion among them as tomattersofdoctrine; They wvll know the character and COnduct of is-s fightibgale, and the difficulties she has bad to encounter; - they know her energy and her kindness, and they bless her for her success. (Prolonged cheering.? I have now endeavoured, as shortly as possible, to state the grounds upon which this movement was origi. nated, and Ilustleave the rest to thosegentlemen who have kindly undertaken to conveno thismeetine composed, as it is, of the di£ierent elements in this city and University, and the senior and junior members of it; and let me say that, in organizDg your committee, I hope you will recollect that it is not only the amount of your subscriptiou that you must keeP view, but that it is extended as a mark of generous cfdence in liss Nightingal,-leaving th detils of the scUeme to her own better judgment, as most conducive to her own gratification and to th honour of this great nation. (Loud and prolonged applause.) The P CIPAt of M GADALEN HALL proposed the follow.- ing resolution:- IThat this meeting approves tho proposed endeavour to raise funds to enable Miss Nightingale to estblish an institation for the sustenance, protection, and training of nurses and hospital attendants, as a fit expression of gratitude to that lady." He remarked that the self-denial and acts of charity which had been exhibited by Miss Nightingale reminded him of the names of Howard, of Fry, and the honoured father of their right rev. diocesan (loud cheers), because the peculiar efforts of this excellent lady formed a new era in philanthropy. It was true that the improved education of nurses had been endeavoured to be secured before this movement was inaugarated; but the fulfilment of these duties was the result of lower motives than the constraining power of Christian charity; and it was Miss Nightingale's resolution in comndm forward to undertake the superintendence of our hospitals in the East that elevated the nature of the' -work, nnd he wias rejoiced to know that her success had really exceeded the expectations of the most sanguine. (Hear, hear.) 'The MAsT R of PZ~cnxoxx seconded the proposition. The resolution was agreed to, and the assembly after. wards broke up.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Permit me publicly to correct a mistake you have published in regard to my opinions. In your very able article in to-day's paper upon the railway reform movement you have attributed to me an opinion which I do not entertain, and which I did not express before the meeting on Tuesday Isst. You say, "M Mr. Mains very modestly puts 4 per cent. as a fair remuneration for the shareholders," kc. The opinion I entertain is that 3 or 4 per cent. interest on the capital of the ordinary shareholders should be treated in all calculations of cost as one of the items, as well as the debenture interest, &c., and not as profit; because the capital is entitled to that interest without any of the risks and turmoil of a commercial undertaldng, and the profits can only be reckoned as commencing after the simple interest is provided; I therefore recommended traffic managors to considor simple interest as an item of cost in calculating at what rate they could run their trains. Your article would make me a more cruel enemy to railways than the late Sir 1. PeeL I recollect a celebrated case in which he was chairman of a committee before which a canal and railway company was applying for further powers-their dividends had been 10 per cent. for some years. -e turned them out with theadditional powers they sought, but their dividends restricted to 6 per cent. for the futnre, ana with a Government auditor to keep them to it. I think 4 per cent. ordinary interest, and 2 per cent. commercial profit would be but the smaUlest compensation for such advantageous national undertakings as railways. I have the honour to be. Sir. vour faithful servant. W. AINS-. 60, Montague-square, Jan. 24.
THE LieNSED VIcTuAsims' ScooL.-The amiiversary ball in aid of the fund3 of this excellent institution commenced last night at tho London Tavern, shortly after 8 o'clock, and did not terminate until a "late" hour this mornng. The great hall, the new chromatic decorations of which lookexceedingly well by candlelight, was filled to overflowing, and the dancing was kept up with indefatigable -energy. The arrangements for the comfort and refreshment of the guests, under the direction of Mr. Fange, were well devised and satisfactory, and the secretary, Mr. SmaUey, was most assiduous in his attentions to alL Adam's band wvas in attendance, andflayed a good selection of the newest quadrilles; waltzes, andapolkas. The number of persons present must have amounted to nearly 1,000, and certain is it that the great room, the " Pillar"-room, and - the adjacent ante-rooms, were crowded to the doos. Itappears fromanofficial "address"putforward on the *occasion, that the financial state of this institution is, unhappily, far from prosperous, the total subscriptions last year having fallen-short of 1,3001., of which sum (1,300!.), thelicensedvwictuallersthemseives contributedless than TOOf. Anearnest appeal is therefore made to the liberality of allthe members of thetrade in behalf of an iustitation which has so many and just claims to their support. It should also be stated that extraordinary exertions have been made since last bMay to increase the number of ladies' life subscriptions of 5 guineas, and that out of 100, for which en appeal was made, 80 have been responded to. THE FiRE AT MEssRs. HorEo soiNs s.-On Sunday, the 13th inst., the extensive premises of Messrs. Hopksen, pianoforte-makers, in Diana-place, New-road, were destroyed by fire, and nothig left but the walls. The walls on the w estern and eastern ends of the buildinaswere of considerable height, and being unsupported by thv walls oh the north and south sides, in consequence of the ravages of the fire, presented for the last 10 days a most threatening appearance to the neighbouring houses. Yesterday morning, shortly after U1 o'lock, the wind from the west blew so strongly that the portion of the wal at the eastern end of the premises, after being swayed backwtards and forwards for some minutes, fell with a tremendous crash, crushing in its fall three small houses and burying the inmates in the ruins. The sufferers were with some difficulty rescued from the rubbish and debris and conveyed to the hospital of University CoUege, where it was ascertained that none of the injuries were of a fatal, though several were of a serious character. The wall on the western side of the premises of Messr-. Hopkinson was within a fewyards of the studio of Mr. Belnes, the sculptor, which at the time of the fire narrowly escaped destruction, and, as it was very doubtful whether or not it would fall on his premises in the efforts which were made for pulUng it down, the busts and statues therein were, with some difficulty, removed. Among them was the recently executed statue of Lord Harris, about to be sent out to Trinidad, which was, with therest, placed in safety. The western wall was then, by means of a strong tackde puUled down, and aU subsequent danger to the neighbourhood removed. The fire from which the calamity arose is the second which has occurred in this neighbourhood vithin a comparatively short time, and by which the studio of the abovenamed artist has been threatened with destruction. AcomDENwAL Poisonnio.-On Tuesday afternoon three gentlemen were accidentall poisoned at a dinner -party at Provost MrIver's house, Dingwall, Scotland. It appears that the party consisted of Provost MIver, Mr. L. NLlibckenzie, of Findon, two Catholicpriests, and several ladies. After dinner, and when the ladies had retired, the gentlemen were seized with pains in the throat and mouth, and in half-an-hour the two priests and Mr. Mwackenzie were dead. Provost 3Iver was in a hopeless state yesterday mornin The case is undergoing investigation. It is be- lieved that the roast meat was garnished with hemlock, and' that the wine excited the chymical action of the poison. The names of the priests are the Rev. James Gordon Beunley and the Rev. Angus Mackenzie Eskdale. Mfr. Mackenzie was about to become son-in-law to Lord Lovat. None of the ladies were affected. " LA Join mT Pm -On Tuesday night 1r. Jo]mBurgess, shoemaker, of Lowestoft, was expecting his son home from the Crimea, after an absence of between three and four years. On Tuesday the 10p.m. train had arnved, and when against the Crown Hotel the son on his -vwaybp met the father, but neither appeared fully to recognize each other. The son walked on, and the father overtook him, looked at hiin, and passed ahead of him, not even thenit appears identifying his son, until the other said, "floldhari, Flather, don'!t be inua hurryv nwhen he stopped and said, "Good God! is that you, John?' They vwak-ed on, together, when the son iwent into Waters's beershop, and wished his father to go forward and break the news of his arrival to his mother. Observing that he looked pale and excited, the son would have had him take something, but he did not, and proceeded to informhis wife of -the arrival of- their-son,- intending to go back to the son and -jgain retta l home, - an returning home he opened the door- an&ezclaisned, " Good God ! MIaria, ohn _" nand. fell. -doten dea-before finishing the sentence.-Ezu-y Post.: -MrnT DfBlV}OX1 FxT -.zUpwarda of 10,000 fishl, [reared by the artiflcialprocesss which has been so snecessfol,-have beentsrned out into the waters of the river Dfe. - The young aalm6n weretiscently released from the -pohids Zwhdrith hd been:-reired -The t pwfrosnwhich-they.werartaiaed.wa laidslowinappropnato boxes a-y2ar ato; itvivifled 'in Aptirlast,' and after remaiing in the boxes :id?f:-m:onth.tht.zfryrfound their wayAdowu to thejiouns, yherer the attaiied a.ength.of-manyinches, -lismode oflrqilenisdg-orLlrsn has beeri foundto answer in the l enubers attifiicilly reared have.been - Tnk5nA or°yar4 - PBn - or, IrswxcH.A-The slup- if%o ia-i-finsthe port of Ipswich-amounted-lastyear ~-il-,49 qisaitersof*lxeat,.l17,292$- quarters of barly and <ryeiand-3,l97csae}s-of-flour. Of vesselsinwards thenum- ber has fallen from1,183, irith-a tonnsag of 87,876, in185, tto,l6S; w4ith-a;tomugec of 84,083, in 1855; of vessels outavsrdttnc siumlrhas fisen oftom 16,:with a tonage of 04,396,'inJ8-54 ,to788,-wth a tonnago of 38,079, in 1855. The Vt Winix!hibih-sa decrease -of about 4,0001., aising pbonink -of tea having been diseoniti-nveJd r _ ]9, JXOl5 X?iS0 iLn-BRaOOk,-No dditiostal evidence of importance was adduced aitheintsneston--tond7ar2after.ousr repor -f sent off rcsfleting thle deaths of the -men who were killed by the beiler explesion at Lik-b,rool, Staffordshire. -The general tendency of -the evidenec was 'to show tbatthe bcoiler had been oierheated from the ignorance of the enginoers, and that the explosion had arisen accidentally. A verdict to that effecOt was rturnedL
.* ROLLS. COURT. CRAWMRv-T.A%e -T.- 0O WAIGSTA1 r. IWtHOMPRl - n¶. (Before.h ,MASrE of Oi Bosi. The plaintiff and the defendant in this cms owere partners,. asphotograpliic axtists,.in a business carried onin 1?aU.MXaLl Tlie,bject of.the&~rnaet suit is to. obtain a dissoution of taxtership,and a T ent of a premniunm of 2001., paid vytheplaintiffto the efenerdaut for some instractionsui nthe art of photogrph. As in all cases of tliis kindl, in which a desire- forTa! disolution of partnership crises from the parties not being able to-apee as to the particular manage.- ment of their - business, the alleggations p ut forth were-of somewhat a vindctiWve andcel rae nature. It ap. pased,hoeve, hattheime~itecausewhich led to thep rsen aplictio wa, tat 2iChristmas-day last thecefedantwen dovn t th houe werethe business. Was careon, audlound that the doofthe office was locked against him. Havin' rke h door open, he discovered that the photogra'i iisrmhs~ been e- moved, and, havn a ipco ht tey were concealed on the premises, epoeddt brea open the cupboard. Finding.the isr enthe,he carried them off, and, havibg:done so, e vt henext.day to the plaintiff and asked.what wa h enn fhis locking the door Against him,~? To this iqury an answer was retured by the plain. tiff,that the matter would be Put into the hands of a solcid tor,-atd the solution of the difficulties between the* parties brought.about by a suit in the'Court of Chancery. - Henoe the present suit, and, a6t the conriusion of the arguments for th laintif held that the plaintiff was entitled to an order for *a dissolution of partnershiip, but that, inasmuch as the necessity for such dissolution arose fromn the rautuAi dissension of the parties, the plaintiff could not claim, nor had he made out any case that entitled him to, a repayment of the prmu hich he had paid. PI. Pa]Zer and Mr. Archibald Smith appeared for the paintiff; Yr. Lloyd and M1r. Crackmell for the defendant.
VICE-CIHACEJLOxS' COURTS. TuisDAY. JA-x 24. MiIAJOR V. ARNM7vI (Before Vicc-ChancelZor Sir R. T. X%ERSLR:Vr This bill ;as filed by a next friend on behalf of a person incapaitated from sueing, but there was no address upon the bll of the next friend, and Mfr. ASDESoN (with whom was Mr. Collins) now moved, upon the gronnd of the want of such address, that the bil mght be dismissed. Mr. SELnwN opposed the motion, and contended that; as under the new practice the next frienxd made an afridavit in which his address appeared, that was suficient. The VICE-CHANCELLOR thought that the addrems of the next friend ought to be upon the bilL He should ziveleave to amend, but it must be within the week, and the costs of this motion mnst be paid by the plaintiff. (Before Vice-Chauneelor Sir J. STUARTL) CASRELLS V. TAYLOR. This case came before the Court upon the hearingand upon a motion for an injunction. The bill was fled under the followinicircumstances :-The plaintiff is, and has been since 1839, the viear- of Batley, in Yorkshire, and through the garden belonging to his vicarage-house there passes a beck, or stream, called Blakeridgo Beck. The defendants are now the owners of property adjoining the beck, and in the year 1839 their father, who was then,either alone or in partnership with them, the owner of the property now belongin to the defendants, had a dye-pan and works thereon, from which he discharged into the beck dye-water and other refuse, *hereby the water of the beck, when it reached the plaintiff's property, became foul; but he discontinued such practice after notice to that effect received from the plaintiff. In 1841 the defendants' property was let to a tenhut who fouledasnddiverted the w;ater of the beck. The tin. tiff thereupon brought an action against the tenant whch, bv consent of both parties, was referred to an arbitrator, who made an award in favour of the plaintiff on all the issues, and the nuisance was then discontinued. The bill alleged, however, that in the year 1854 the defendants erected on the left side of the beck a woollen mill and a large reservoir forsupplying water thereto, and diverted large quantities of the water of the beclk into tho reservoir, and there kept the same dammed up ; and that they, in order to get a larger supply of water, emptied into the beck, above the reservoir, a quantity of water from certain. coalworks, called "K Kaye's Coalworks," which deteriorated the quality of the water flowing down the beck, and rendered it unfit, as it flowed through the plaintiff's property, for use for culinary and domestic and other purposes. The plaintiff, accordingly, in January, 1855,commenced an action against the defendants for divert-. ing, damming up, and fouling the water of the beck. That action was ultimately settled by the defendants paying to the p laintiff61t. and costs. The bill alleged that since -the settlement of the action the defendants had recommenced disturbing and interrupting the plaintiff in the rightful enjoyment of the natural water of the beck, and it prayed a decaration by the Court of theplaintiffs rightsto anundisturbed enjoyment of the water of the beck, and for an injunction to restrain the defendants from interfering with such enjoyment. * Mr. Bacon and Mr. Ainphletb were for the plaintiff, and lMr. hfaims and hlr. Wickens for the defendants. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the evidence showed that the plaintiff had sustained a substantial injury, and that by the acts of the defendants the water of the beck, as it flowed through the plaintiff's property,had been rendered impurme and unfit for domestic purposes and for the use of cattle. The plaintiff had a right tobe protected in the enjoyment of those rights wrhich he had established at law, andthe defendants must pay the costs of the suit. (Before F?ct-tChtnceilor Sir W. P. WOOD.) CASSELL V. STIF AND VICKERS. Mr. ROLT, M1r. WExRSsE, and Mr. GoRES moved, on behalf of the plaintiff, for an injunction to restrain the defendants from selling, or exposing for sale or hire, or otherwise disrosing of any copies or copy of any parts or numbers of the periodical work, the London Joemual, containing any prints, drawings, woodcuts, engravings, nauses, designations, or letterpress talken or colourably altered from the periodical work l'Ilustration. The plaintiff claims to be entitled, by assignment from Messrs. Armand Le Chevaler and .Alexandre Paulin, the editor.s and proprietors of the periodical 'work L'RIustration Journal Universel (which appears in Paris as a weekly illustrated newspaper), to the copyright in this country of the said periodical, and to the sole and exclusive right and liberty of printing, publishing, translating, and selling within Her Majesty's dominions the articles, papers, prints, drawings, woodcuts, and engravings, rempectively, from time to time appearing and to appear inthe periodical in question. The plaintiffhas availed hmsnelf of this alleged right by publishing, in certain weekly periodicals published by him under the title of Cae7sss iltustraled Fama7ily Paper and thePictu.reSines, diversartitidles, &&., whicih have from time to time appeared in L171ustration, and the ground of his proceedings against the defendantiis thattheyhave infringed onhis copyrightby priting and publishing in a weekly periodical called the Lndon Journal, divers prints, &c., some of whichwere alleged to be exaet copies of, and others colourably altered from, prints, &8c., in L'Rlustration, which piracy, as the plaintiff alleged, had eonsiderably diminished the sale of Cassels Zllustratd Family Paper and the Pkicture i77ma. Mr. W. M. J*s,es and Mr. Smnythe appeared for the defendants. The discussion on the motion chiefly turnedupon the question whether the plaintiff had shown such a compliance'with the various copynght acts as to give him a clear right to the njuncEtion, the arguments being addressed to the provisions:ofthe acts relating to copyright passed in the 5th and 6th and the 7th and 8th of the Qneen, and to the international convention relating to copyright concluded between Her Majesty and the French Republic, in January, 1852, and followed by an brderinCouncil of the 10th of January, 1852, and the iat of the 15th and 16th of the Queen, which was passed for fhe purse ofcarng such convention into effeet. 9Itia apa-rd tbat in pursuance of this' last act *Messrs. Le Chevalier andPanlinhadsigifiecdtheirintention of preserving their copyright in the periodical, LIllusftration, and the right of translating the same in this country, byplacing.a notice tothafefect on the title-pa;e, being.a conspicuous part af the said periodical The plan-: tiff, moreover, had caused the same periodical to be registeredat the Stationers' Company, 'and had also deposited a cop-irn manner.(as he alleged) prescribed by the acts-ofParizament, and -Messrs. Le Chevalier and lPaulm caused-an entryto be iade-in the register-boolk of the assignment by them to the plaintiff of their copyright, and also of hi0 Same and place of abode. An attempt had also been made to cause an entry to be made in the registry-boo\s of the Statioaers' Company of the- four numbers of the periodical L'Rlv7stration from 'which the alleged piracies had been taken, buf such entry had been refused by the company as - ocing nanecessiry- The question was whether, - lookw- to' all the pfovislons bf the acts, to the terms of the convention, and:the otder in CoLunciL the registratiox was or was inot defective. '. -- - - . 7The VIE,CHaNCELLOR, withoutecalling ontheeounsel fM'r the defendants, sl-id that'the questiob was far too doubtful a one for an injunction till the plaintiff's right had been tried at law, and he sho;ld there ore -order the motion to stand-over,iwithlibertyfor the plaintiff to bring such action` as he might le advised. '
btR O1F QWtEE S BEE;:WsrMEs-STLM JA2. 2L -- TEQUE V. THE AIBWSIEIOP OF CAI,T YRV. (Sit*i'ngi n Bt7 Co, btfrc hord OnnBELt aUn Jiu.*cez. .ICOIRIDGM. W1GIMtA.W. and CROMMN.)T . thiwcase ile bad been grante, 0aflingiponbis Graeq' the Archbishop-of Canterbury to show cause why a writ of:. mnandam s.shoul&not isue, direoted to Biun, commanding1 hiia to require-,byy.writingi under- his hand, the -Ven.' Georgo AntlionyDenison, Archdeacon of Ta-mton ana Vicar of ERist Brent, in the county bf Somerset, in the diocess of Bth ad Wells, to apper, either in pern or by his agenrt a4ly appeinteO, bufor' him, 'at a time and pcee I thercin named, according to the proYviions of the stato 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 86, and further to proceed in thb -matterinthe said alidasitsmentioned, f _the charge._ complaint-of the said Rev. Joseph Ditcher against the aid_Archdeacon Den- arcordink to5la,r Sir F. Thesigpr and r. Sumner now--ippcred Jo Wo r' cansi gainst the'rule-on the P& 'oE S- hbisop ,i-6. p EL HA, Q.C.; a_piPmed foiArchdea'con Denison;- and<-Sir- F. Xellyjand Yr. Forteseappmaed in Xupporteo the uIt - Sir F TEIGsZ.Said, there oould be no doubt that,th matter in question was one of the greatest importnce ance ansiety.. The arcelhis½p enztert;ine astig opiniog - at3 he had a discretion to exercise, aiad -ih coisideaed that i was not for the good of the- t1iirchth tth prooe 1 sliotild be instituted, .ud therefore hIe had&declined t, $istW the let.3r. Ditcher o'r to advance his proceedings al - .4unless he should bo compelled bylaw to 4o so. -Whethe the archbishop was ight or wrong in the opinionwbhiCh heo' entertained, that he had a discretion-to exercise, would ba' a 'matter of serions consideration; -but he- (Sir F, Thesijer) felt satisfied that if the Cout should be 6f opmion that tt archbishop had'no discretion, sti he thbught the circuasn staices of thecse were such that the LordshinDswould-be. reluctaut to constrainthe archbishop t o.proceed, unlessthey felt it to be their imperative duty to, do so. The grantinZ or withh'olding a writ.of mnandamus wsint he-discretion ofthe Court, and the Court would iot grant the writ ifth-qt' thought more good would rultfromwithholdingthanufrom granting it. ' : -- Lord CA Ln said, the Court wotld nlot withhold the. writ where the party injured had no other remedy. 3r. Justice WxGiMU2 said, it waslaiddowainBuwUveg QiriPrlus that where it was sought to enforce,nota pri -ate but a public right, the writ was demandable by right. * Sir F. TTESIE B said, the ev. eJoseph Ditcher had no right to come forward as a prosecutor i thiase. s' the vicar of South Brent, who, in the year 1853, learned that some sermons* had been preached by ArchdoaconDenison which, in his opinion, were repugnant to thr Articles of Religion. He therefore made an ap cation tothe then Bishop of -Bath and Wells to send E case'li_ letters of request to the archbighop, but the -bi3hop de. cined to do so. That bishop died and a new bishop wag appointed. A similar application was then made to the present bishop, liitThe~also- declined. An application was3 then made direct to the archbishop, under the act of PArlia. ment, to issue a commission to inquire into the circumstances of the case. .c :' ILord CAaBsELsl-ThnC the arhbishop had a discretiorc SirF. THzsroxn.-The archbishop issued a commision to five persons, who reported that there werepnul focic grounds for proceedinagast the rchdeacon. The Rev. IKr2Ditcher-upon that filed articles gainhst the archdeaoDnand required the archbishop to proceed. In the first in. stance the archbishep, on the 11th of August, 185, replied; acknowledging MIr. Ditcher's letter, and stating that he would consult his legal advisers and communcate the result. On a later day, vi, on the 22d of August, 1855, s letter was written by the archbishop's secretarv, in which the writer stated that, while the archbishop was of opinion that the statements made in a letter ought to be sub, mitted to a competent tribunal, be was of opinion that Gnogood purpose:would be answered by the archdeacon's being required- to appear beforahimthe archbishop) and three assessors, as pointed out by the 5th section of the act; to makre anlswer to the said articles. His Grace further observed, that the decision of such a trbunal would have no weight with the members of the church, and he there4 fore would exerdise the discretion whichheconceivedhebad under the act of. Parliament, and decline to proceed unless compelled to dosobytheproperlegalauthority. Thelearned counsel said, the question thenwas,,whetherthe9thsection.of the act gave the archbishop a discretion to institute the proceedings, or. whether it compelled him to proceed on the application of another? So far as the bishop's proceeding nder the third section wasconcerned, -the bishop was not bound to pr>ceed. He might be informned of scandal or evil report against a clerman, hut still lie would not be bouiinto inStitUte proceed'ings against thepnarty. The third section said that,-' on the information of any party comn plaiing," the bishop might proceed, but that did not *ive to any person the nght to set the bishop in motion. "Th party complaining" must be some one who had sustained some injury-for instance, by beirg refused the rites of the church,or by being scandalizedbythe doctrines or immoral life of the clergyman of the parish. A mere stranger had no right to come forward and compel the bishop to proceed. Suppose a Dissenter, oran avowed enemy of the church of nand, were to consider the doctrines preached by a minister of that church to be improper, or were to mako complaint to the bishop, it might be, on some nice question of doctrine, and the bishop should consider it detrimental to the interests of the church that any inquiry should ta}o -place, would this Court in such a case compel the bishop to proceed!7 The v,ords of the act wvere. on the " application of anyparty' complaining," not "informing" thereof 1!,. Juslace CO=MG.-You contend that the words "the party complaining," are equivalent to "the party aserieved i' Lord C mpzEtt said that under the third section the bishophada discretion, and according to his (LordCampbelrs) opinion, might refuse to issue a commission. Sir F. Tnm-siaMn.-Suppose a commission issued, na that the commissioners reported thatthere was aprimdfaic6 ground for instituting proceedings, what would be the duty of the bishop .7lIe mght think that no conviction could take place and that the ouly result would be scandaL Would not the bishop in that case have a.right to stopthere ? lord CAmr.BELL said, the question was whether, when a commission had been appointed, and a report was made that there were reasonable grounds for further investigation, and the prosecutor insisted on going on as prosecutor, the bishop was nottmrnedintoajudge, and bound to proceed, as the dorninus litis? Sir F. TaEsiGEP contended that, if Mr. Ditcher was not $a party complaining i the sense in which these words were Msed in theact of 1'arliament, the archbishop had the same right to decide whether tho proceedings should be continued, i+ he had to determine whether they should be com. menced. He had the same power as this Court exereis6d when it quashed a certiorari, quits nip-MJorida cnaiM4ri't. The archbishop nowv thought he was wrong in issuiing the commiission, nnd wished ito step. The articles were not the continuation of the inquiry, but the articles and citation were the commencement of the suit. Iord Caau.lELL said, the 7th section seemed to consider that the party who complained was stil to be regarded as the prosecutor, for it enacts that " if the commissioners shall report that there is sufficient priind facic ground for instituting proceedings, and if the bishop of anydiocess, within which the party acocsed may hold preferment, or the party complaining shalU thereupon think fit to proceed against the party accused, articles shaU be drawn up, &c" The " party complain-ing" there meant the party who made the original complant on which the commission issued. Sir F. Tnmaom-If the bishop thought he was not the "party complaining" w.ithin the meaninO of the act, he -had ari_ht to decide-that a suit ought not to be instituted. The report of the commiissioners wa-s not like the finding of a grand3jury, forthe bishop might pass sentence at once, witth the consent of the clerk and of-the party complaining. Mr. Justice WIGwiA said, this comssion issued on the application of the Reh. Mr. Dtitcher. ILord CAExrsEx said, the archbishop did not proceed cZ mere otutoh,but on the complaint of Mfr. D)iteher. It ws imlpossible to deny that Mr. Ditcher was -the " party complaining," under the 7th section, whatever ights he might have as such.- Sir F. TnESIGEr. said that, when Mr. Ditcher made this application to the Court, it was important to consider inwhat character he first instituted the proceedings, and it would thenuappearthathehbad undoubtedly bean admitted as a person who had- a right to complain, when he had not that right. MIr. Justice Coz.Esuncr.-Suppose -the archbishop cor.- sidered the commission and the report to be all nonsense ? Sir F. TIIEsr~SaIG-This Court would not in that case compel him to proceed. Lord CA3irzEBu-That raises the question whether the archbishop has a discretion to exercise, or not? Sir F. TgwS=r..-If he has not, still there is the question whether this Court will, in the exercise of its discretion, compel the archbishop to proceed. 31r. Justice COaIRDGE l here referred to the language of the 9th section, which enacted that "it shall be lawful" for the bishop to require the clergyman to appear before him; and observed that in some cases those words had been construed as permissive, and sometimes as compulsory. Sir F. T.= =.-The words "'it shal ba lawful" occurred as many as 12 times in this act, and in 10 in. stances they were dearly used in a discretionary and not compulsory sense. The learned counsel submitted, it would be inconsistent that the bishop should have a discretion in the origin of the proceedings. but, wvher he afterwards Came to the opinion -that no proceedings ought to be instituted}e twas to have no discretion and was to find that he had given it over to another. - Lord CAmxiEr._-It is a question whether the Legislature has mot placed him in that psition. Sir F. THrGEm then proceeded to contend that the Rev. Mr. Ditcher was a mere straner. - Lord C.4I3IFiLL said, he fsd some doubt whether the Court could enter into that inquiry. Sir F. THEaSGEsR said it was worthy of consideration that Mr. Ditcher hadmade applicatious both to the late and to the present bishop. They both declined to interfere, He then applied -to the archbishop, who did not decline. Lord CPBirsEL.-{ThearchbiShop oerrules the discretion of two bishops. - tr. Justice COLRIDGoE said, the two bishops coida not have issued a commission; they could orly have sent the case by letters of request to the archbishop. They put a stomto what is now sought to be done. : 3;ord C.ArPBEm observed that the case would iot go into the Court of Arches, but to a special court -appointed by theaCt. a Sir F. TnaSrlom sad, that wa one of the inconvenileces which the irchbishop had felt, that theEe doctrines were- to be tried under the llth section before himself, assistedby three assessrs, one of .whom must be an advocato vho hd x ractised not less.tliin five yearsintheCourt of the-Aichishow, orn3 seje-ant-at-la, or a barrister of not less than seven ye'standing. Sir F. ly said, therews appeal to the Pnr CouiiciLi - th- oldnt o-rd C lsaid, tte Cout could not decide-this :question, on:the ground that this tribunal wa not sldlfully eonstitutedL- -The Court could aot stultify the legisl4ure by sayin that. . - - ... 'i Sir F. TBss s5aid, hethought tlhtwouldbeawork of lpererogation.- The constitutioh of the Court ought to lave some weight with -their Lordships... rT. Justice CEO NPTON said, the. quesion as to whether -thearchbislop haa any discretion niiht be raised on the return.. -Mr. SusEsn folu6wed on thiesam sidae. : Mr H. Riz. asared on the part of Archdeacon .Denisoni,an sadsid, hiscliet woutd uot shrink fromn justifying -whiat he ws charged with having impropwerly dons.3. He wa plrepared ta mxeet the charge in any cour legaly eons Ef tituted. - LLord Cuz.L said, that all their Lordhips wern ot
COURT OF CO3MON PLEAS. WCsTnTr1 ItoX- o)A POUN.SET T. VTMTT.TrR (Sittings in Banco, Hilary Term, beforc L6rd Chief Jice icc JERVIs andJustices CRESSWF;LL, WILLI-m-%, aflrd CROWMEB) This was an action tried at the Guildahll the last sittings alter tcrm before lUr. Justice Crowder, when a verdict Was found for the defendant; a rule for a new trial having been obtained on the ground of misdirection. lMr. Serieant Shea and MIr. Hance now, apeared to show ause against the rile; and 31r. Bovill, Q.G, and &r. larymond insupport of it. The action, it appeared, was brought to recover damages wad expenses for the breach of an agreement to assign a right to shoot over Strood Manor, in Sussx, the property of a gentleman named GomerilL it appeared that Gr. omerill had given the defendant, who was his steward, the right of shooting over his manor for a term of yeas, the defendant undertaling to put a cottage, used as a shooting-box, into repair. This was done by a written agreement, Wsgned by both parties. Subsequently, in alnswer to an advertsernent put in 2'he Tmzes by the plaintiff, the defendant offered to assign his supposed right to shoot to the plaintifffor four years, the residue of his term, for 2001., and an agreement wms entered into by the plaintiff to purchase and by the defendant, to sell, the right to shoot on those terns. The defendant's attorney, on investigating the plaintiff's title to sell, discovered that his right rested merely *on a written agreement, and not a deed, and the right to shoot being an incorporeal hereditament requied a deed effectually to grant it. At the period of this discovery the plhintiffhad incurred 71. expenses in the investigation of the title, which the defendant paid into court. Subsequeently an ttempt was made to obtain a deed from Mr. Gomei brut the plaintiff and that gentleman having had some dispute Mr. Gomeril refused to execute any such deed. The negotiation therefore went off, and the plaintiff brought his action, seeking, first, compensation in damages for the losa of .n ad-antageous contract, and, secondlv, the expenses snbeequently incurred. On both thesepoints Mr.Jstice Crowder directed the jury that the plaintiff was not entitled to recover, and left it to them whether the suin paid into court was sufficient to cover the expenses incurred up to the time of discovering the defendant's title to be bad. The LoRD C&rsr JusTWCE, in givin- judgment, said, it tcened to him, that the rule must be dLscharged and that Mr. Justice Crowder's ruling was right. The Court must be governed by the decided cases on the subject, although s-ome of them might not be very intelligible. The case of "'Feureau v. Thornhill," reported in 2 Bl(ac*stones Rpo,ts, p. 1'78had decided that the purchaser was entitledi to recover the oxpes of investigating a title in a contract if thettle turneout to be bad, because an estate was sold with an impliecd arranty1that the vendor had a good title. Subsequent cases had determined that all a vendor was liable for was the expenses of investigating an ineffective title unless the vendor knew he was sell. ing what he could not sell, in which last case he vould be liable to substantial damages to the vendor for the loss of his bargain. Applying these rules to this case, it seemed that the defendant was not to blame ; for, although legally and technicaUy he had not the right to sell tte shooting, because it was an incorporeal hereditament which Lay in grant, and required an instrumnent under seal to pass it, yet, as an honest layman, he might weol tink head the right to sell the unexpired term of shooting which he enjoyed under a written agreement. He was not, therefore, liable for more than nonunal damages for the breach of his contract. With respect to the expenses incurred in endea. Toueing to perfect the contract after theidfctn thenttle was discovered, this wlas a new neotiation, in which itpeSred that the plaintiff had acted boafi Jsde, and that the exTenses incurred wore not by his fault. On this ,oint, also it seemed to him that there had been no miscariage, and the rule must be discharged_. T he ether laorned JUrGESs expressed their concurrence in this opmnion.-Rlule discharged. fSitUings ait .iVi Psi icr, aCi TVestsninstei, before 211. Jastice WriLLEs and Common Juries. ILRRIS V. COAPIE Mr. James, Q.C., and Mr. Gordon Allan appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. F. Maude was counsel for the de. fendant. This vas an action (partly heard yesterday) brought by the plaintiff, a lodginghouse-keeper, residing at 55, Glocester-street, Portman-square, to recover the mum of 33i. for lodgings and necessaries furnished to the wife of the defendant for 13 weeks, during a portion of whiclh time the plaintiff claimed at the rate of 2. a-week, and during the remainder of such period after the rate of li. a-week. It appeared that in the year 1843 the defendant hLd separatel fromihis wife, and, bya deed entered into between thema, had agreed to allow her 1,000Z. a-year for seven years. This allowance was paid up to the month of Juneintheyear 185, soon after which time the defendant became embar. rassed in his circumnstances, owing to his having embarked in sone speculations and accepted bills for the accommodation of a friend. In the end he was utterly insolvent, and was confined for alength of time intheQnuen'esrison. In the month of March, 1855J he offered to allow his -.ife 21. lOs. a-wee% This offer was declined- he however, paid hermiAugost a sur of 30b., and in IanuWary last, after action brought, a further sum of 2ML. The lodgings were taken in March, 185i, at a time when the defendant had nothing to depend upon but the contributions of friends. The main defence was that, under all the circumstances of the case the roomas, nt ., supplied to Ms Coape were not necessaries sutitable to her condition in lifean the position of the defendant. At the conclusion of tho case the jTy retired, anid, after a long absence, returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed-331. DEsWo; AND WiME V. SiR E. DERD;G jAND wn. Rr. Overend andMr. Keanewerecounsel fortheplaintiff; and Mr. Lush and Mr. J. Clerk for the defendant. In this case the plaintiff, Mras.Edeson, in conjunction vith her lusband, sued Sir Edward and Lady Dorsing to recover da-iges for certain slanderous words alleged to have been tpoken by thelatter to Lady Morley of and aboutthejlainw tif, who had lived with. d Dering as cook and house. keeper for aboultayear. The leforedthopaintiffs, in ahisopsen address, stated that Lady Morley, ben nwn fahue keeper for one her friends, saw lady Dosing on the subject and, on askin- her resyeocting the chaatrftefml plaintiff, she (fady Dosig) stated that shwadions and unworthy to be trusted and, this be=h the sader comilainedl of, lie called lady bYforl;yi supr fhscs who deposed that Lady Deoing,hasing been appliedtofor the character of Mrs. Edeson, si htsecniee e honest and sober, but inattentive to her duties asahouse. Ppo, tEis evidence a juror wras withdrawn byfthe plain. eilnmw, on the part of the defendants, said that no im. putatton upon the honesty of the female plaintiff had ever been made or intended.
COURT OF EXOREQUERI TH1nxnYv MT.oc 9A k'TmCRO V. vrLtI " (Sittinq in .Banco.) Wan -action of ejectment; inrwhicr the defen&nt liad obtainei a rule callirig on the _pIaintiff to --how cause whyintrcatorie bo-4nlot be ehbited to him inorder that he might disclose the character in which he claimed tao. property in question, and the hnks in the pedigree by wihich 'heintendedtosupport that clam.end Sir F. TnESIi and Mr. Lusir showed cause against the rule, aLnd contended, rs; that the pcowver to; deliver -interrogatoriescreated by the second CormmonIi* Procedure Act didnet extend to actiens-of ejectmnent, as there -were no pleadings in it, and the act provided that such interrogatories might be delivered by the plaintiff with his -:declaration, andb the defendant with his pleas. In the next place, they objected to the speific interrogatories, on the ground that, if any could be delvered,`those proposed -went further than was permitted in such cascs,' andcalled upon the plaintiff to disclose the evidence by which he proposed to support his case. The COURT expressed the opinion that the power of delivering interrogatorieswas meant to applyto actionsof ejectment as well asaU other actiosis, for the act expressly provided that leave might be given to either party to do so, not only together with the pleadings, but also at iny other stage in the easc. Tho only question, therefore, was whether there here proper interrogatories. TheATIOR v-tanxsAL (with whom was Mr. fonyman), in supporting the rule on this point, .disdaiied the desire to elcit by the proposed interrogatories say irsight into the evidence on which the plaintiff might rely.; Al that was wanted was information which was necessary isn order that the defendant might not be taken by suivrise at the tralS, and so be compelled to apply for anew trnal when he should be in possess=on of wbathc now sought. The interrog1atries were meant to be confined to the character in whiefs the plaintiff claimed, whether 'as heir or dewise, and the links of the pedigree on which he relied. The COURT then stopped the learned consel and, without fur'her comment, made the rule absolute. Judgmnent accordingly. fSinidnts iTh'eidesfent eat disi Prius, in ainard thrm , for3 Mr. Baron Bcm aiEdf a nf Commontvra Jnm.) UAL'iS V. PALTER Mr. Edwin James, with Mr. Henniker, conducted the case for the plaintiff- and hr. Serjeant Wibins, with Mr. Quin, represented thc defendant. This was an action by which the plaintiff sought to 'recover commensation in damages for injury aleeged to have been sustained by means of the utterance of certain alan. derous words of and concerning the plaintiff bydtherdefendant. The defendant pileaded not guilty, and that the communication compacined of .as a privileged conuanication. It apuc edin that the plaintiffhad been what iap de[nominatedsansulinsuac agentin 3ianehes*tr, and that in that character he had been engaged by the Athendun Assuranoc Office to act as their representative inl that distriet Tahedefendant is themanager ofthat office. Inthe outsetthe puaintifl;nndera writtenaofreement,waw paid an nnual salary of 50t., in addition to a commission on all policies that he mght sueemd in obtaining. The plaintiff vwas, it appeared very successful in his exertions, for not only was he the instrument of causing niny policies to be effete*d in the ofiiee he so represented, h ut he induced a gentleman ntaed tylde-a gentleman of eonsiderable iunti ene-to become one of the directors-an object whEich it ws understood the office a as most anxious to aeomplish. The agreement in respect of the salary s pat an end to in the month of Seaptmber, l1o54, when tho remuneration in the shape of comnmission upon the Policies the plaintiff might obtain was not only continued, but added to. Thus matters went on until the 12th oi f May in the last year, when the board put forth a report settigout the financial condition of the ompany. By this document it appeared that the law expenses of the company had been as much as a,133l. This fact, as well as some other statments in the report, being considered by the plaitiff and other parties as far from satisfaetory, a suggestionamsmade that therenshowldbe a cormittee of inqbury appointed to investigate the real position of the conspasuy. Aimeeting was accordingly held en the 15th of August, last,at which a committee of inquiy,after much discussion, was agreed to and appointed. Thlle basiness of the meeting having thus been disposed of, the defendant addressed those gentlemen who had remained in the room to the following effet :-" I am vell awvare who has got up this agitation, and who is thu ndividual at the bottom of it all. it is M Hares, of MNanchester-a di scharged agent of this society. I ill now Dive yoan ideaofwhat sortofman heis. He rccentiy waen in tow n came to the Athennuoffico: and wieked the lock of the aecountant's ofiice or desk." Trhiswastheaslandetfr the plaintiffeontplained of, and when ithcameuithin his knowledge that this chame had been madeagast him he atonedemanded that It should be retracted. This retraetation, however, the defendant declined to make, asnd, on the contrary, replied, throufh noher party, that ho was prepared to mubstantiate the aecuracy of his statement, and referred the plaintiff to his sonfator. eith regard to the special damagae, it whas stated by a gentleman named Sanders, al director inl the British Empire IJnited Mutual rssranee Society,that he was about to recommend theplaintiffas an agent to that deopany-but that this accusation of the defendant's had prevented his doing so, as5 lieceonsidered that a man wiho would be guilty of nicking a loek d as not exactly the person to be intrusted wiote the affairs of that society. cir. Serjeant wIIas, for the defendant, suhmitted that even though the slanderous words imputed had been uttered -a fact which he denied-there had been no case sude out to go to the 3ury, upon the ground that the eofaunicatiun complained of was not only made at a private meeting of the shareholders, but was a privileged communication, which thedefendant, as the manager of the socety, had felt it incumbeent on him to make, in order to counteract the movement and agitation whlich the plaintiff had set on feet to the injury of the establishment. Then, as to the special damage, he should eontend that that point had been completely set at rest, seeing that it had not been shown that the plaintiff had sustaited any loss by his not havind been nominated to the aopency for the BEitish Empire Coapony, or even that the directos of that society would have adopted the recommendation of Mr. Sanders. girv.e tos submitted that the question of a privileged conmunication w;as for the jury to determine, andthiat the count charging the special damage had been cearly made out, inasmuch as the words had manifestly been spoken ajainst the plaintiff in his ceharaeter of an insurance agent. thr. Baron BRAdbeen . said he should, at the close of the case, submit certain questions to the iury, upon the finding in respect of which he would give tLe learned counsel for the defendant leave to move if he should think proper On behalf of the defence it waS thenydenieddthat the words imputed had been uttered by the defendant. but it was conceded that he had stated that the plaintiff had attemptedto force opien the door of the xchef clerk or accountant's-office for the purpose of prying into the affairs of the company, and in support of this assertion evidence was given to shon that the plaintiff, having gone to the office of the company as usual when he was in London, had, finding fhat the door in question was closed, tried to push back the lockawith adknife; butineross-eination it was Pwroved that this had been done inthe middle of the day, andin the presence of the porter of the establishment MIr. Serleant rascss having siummed up the evidencee for the defence, Mr. JAMES wras heard at some length in reply~ Mr. Baron Bthenrwafm then left the following questions tothe jury,-Did they considerthattelewords imputed to the defendant had been uttered with a malicious intent and, if so, did they, under the circumstances, fal within the meaning of a privileged communication? In his own view of the matter he must say that the circumstances, as they apeared uponthe eidence,did not excusetheise of the words; but that it was the province of the jury to determine. Then, in the event of their being of opinion in the affirmative of that queshion,-naniely, that the wordis complained of had been so uttered,-they must say whether the words had been spoken of the plaintiff in his character asan insurance agent, and consequently that he had lost his appointment in that capacity for the British Empire-office. If theyfound inthe affrmative upon this question also, then they would say what compensatifon the plaintiff wbas entitled to, first for loss of general busiess, and the for loss of the British Emrpire-office .ency Tejrfound that the word were not a rivieged conmmunication, and were maliciously uttered, and that .the words were an imputation on the plaintiff in his character of insurance agent. They gave 25il. as damages for general loss, and 501. as damages for the loss of the appointment at the British Empire-o9fice. The verdict was thus entered, with leave to the defendant to move to set aside the verdict, or to reduce the damages on either point.
ADMfE1ALTY COURT, TavY. JA. 24. q'rTrF AP2rAn -TTCT fBefore Dr. LusBMNGTO . This was a suit promoted by the bark Arthur Weesley against the schooner Argo, to recover the loss occasioned by a colision between them on the 14th of September last off Newarp light. The bark, of the burden of 358 tons, was bound in ballast from flavre to North Shields; the schooner, of the burden of 190 tons, was proceeding from Grinsby to Constantinople, coal Laden. The bark alleged that while she was lying closeha-ded on the starboard tack the schooner was perceived right ahead approaching her in the opposite direction, whereuon she inmediately put her helm hard aport, exhibited a lantern, and loudly hailed the schooner notwithst,anding which, in consequence of her helm having been put hard a-starboard, she ran stem on into the bark, doing her considerable damage. On the part of the schooner it ams pleaded that the night was very dark, and that she carried a bright light. She descried the bark over her starboard bow, distant about 200 fathoms, and immediatel ported berheld. After shouting several times to the bark tokeepowf,shevvaved a lantern to attract her attention, but w The bark still continuing her comrse, and thereby rendering a colision inevitable, the helm of the schooner was starboarded, to ease the blow. She attributed the collision to the bark not keeping a good lookout. Dr. Bayford and Dr. Deane were heard for the bark; Dr. .Addams and Dr. Twiss for the schooner. The learned JUDGE inquired of the EIder Brethren, by *whom he was assisted, whether the bark was to blame in delaying to port her helm or show a ight, and whether the schooner was juified in starboarding her helm. The Elder Brethren were of opinion that the blame was solely attrbutable to the schooner; she ought not to have starboarded her helm. The Corp.T pronounce& in favour of the Arthur Wellesley. THE SWALLOW.-COLTOoe. This was an action brought by the brig Leila against Mr. King, the officer in command of eferMaiesty'sship Swallow, to obtan compensation for theloss arisingfromacollisionbe. tween them, at 12 30a nm., on the Z5thofJune, 18S, Offthe Isle of Wight. Anappearancewasgiven for Lr. Kin bydirection of the LordAof -the Admiialty. The Le, coal laden, was boundto Cadiz* theSwaUow'was prioceedingfrom Mllord to Portsimouth, for the-purpose of taking in her en- The Ieila, it appeared, vas closehauled on the star. tack; the Swallow was rxnning rit before the wind. The night was foggy, and on the Leila descrying the Swal. low, from her staroar d bow, miakig dreuclyor fher, she exhbitdalaner, ad fo.hrn asloudlyblowni. The ligh wa asn'-red y te Svalow, nd er elmSlightly ported. The- eila bkept close to he winnuuntil the last alleg tha t on descrying the eia shbe put her helm hard sport; tihat the f_g was so thick that the two vewesls could not see e&ch other in time t avoid the coll.ion, which was the resut of nevitable accident. Dr. J:zxs and Dr. DEw,-E were heard for the Teill%; the QuimwS-ADVOCArX and the ADJMRALTY-.AnVOcATr for the Swallow. The leaned JuDoE inquire of theElder Brethren whether the Swallow was to blame. The Elder Brethren were of opinion that she ias solely in fault. The COu1T pronotmeecl for the damige, with costs.
I COUBT OF BAKRUPTCY, Basin"had-trcd, Jarn.24. INVTE 1AHAM, PAUL AND Yq ATLq-r1>T - T I (Before Arr. Commifsiontr EvAN-R A tew days ago two petitions camn before the Court from the Rev. Henry Snow, prayingthat certain shares now held the assgnees might b delivered to the petitioner. His osoouhe emrved judgment. HisHONouatnowsaid,-This is a petition on behalf of the Rev. Henry Snow, praying that certin shbares in the Sambre Mining Company might bedelivered to him by the assigneesof the bankrupts. Iit appears to me, fron the evidence, that Mrs. Snow, a widow, by her will apinted two of her sons, Wlliam Snow, now Strahan, one of the bankrupts, and the Rev. Henry Snow, the petitioner, e-' tutors under her will, and directed that they should invest the surplus, after- payment of debts, &c., in the public funds or upon real securities in England and Wales. Mrs. Snow gave the interest or dividends toea brother of the executors, Robert Snow, and the remainder to that brother's children. Tho executors proved the will, and after a time they invested 10 2951. 5s. in the pu,rchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated ank Annuities. The executors, in order to increase the rate of interest foi the benefit of Robert Snow, sold out the stock and lent the proceeds to the bankrnpts, who gave as a security two policies of insurance on the life of the late Sir John Paul, which were delivered to the trustee Strahan. After this the other trustee never interfered. On the death of Sir John Pauli - which took plac in 1851, the bankdng-house received the money from the insurance-office, and applied it to their own pur- ,ses. W. Strahan states that heappropriated a numberof Charleroi and Erquelines Railuay shares as a security for' such mnoneys owing by the firm, hut that afterwards he exchanged these shares for shares in the Ssmibre Iron Company, which ho states he placed on his desk with an endorsement. He made nO COmmUnication to his coexecutor w,ith regard to any of these transations. There wasno written transferof them. It appears tome that those shares cannot be considered as being transferred, either in Lw or cquity, to the executors. ohere, was no notice given to the co-executor. There wasnodepositnote. 'iere was not any notice to the company; even if I were of opinion that tho shares were legally conveyed to the trustees, I should consider that, under the circunstances of the case, they passed to the assignees, as being in the use, order, mad disposition of the bakrupts, according to the case of .Erx parnc Burbidg;e" I Deacon, 13L WVith regard to the second petition, His Hlonour said,-This is also a petition by Henry Snow, praying that 1,500 Namur Railway shares should be delivered up to him by the assignees of the bankmrpts. It aears by the evidence that the petitioner and his brother .Strahan, were appointed executors by their brother Robert Snow, and that at the time of Robert Snow's death the banking-house of Strahan, Paul, and Co. owed him a large sumn of money. Strahan states that after his appointment as executor ho .put by the shares in question as a security for such debt, without consulting his co-executor or giving any notice to the company. I ant also of opinion that in thiscease the shares were not transferred to the executors either in law or equity, and that if they were they would pars to the assignees, according to "L porte BiBagleyap d for the petitioner; *fMr. Lawranco for the assignees. No order was made as to costs. (Before AIr. Commissioner CoEBUns.) S; BIE DAVIDSON AND GOiDOX.-pErnON TO ASNL . THE BAIKRUyTCY. In this case a petition was presented some timne ago on behalf of the bankrupt Cosno WliUiar Gordon, praying that the adjudication might be annulled, or, the alternative, that a day might be fixed for his surrender. The matter came ont fr hearing a month ago, when, it appearing that the bankrupts were waiting the result of further prosecutions instituted against them by the city authorities, the trial of which was expected to take place about the middle of Jauary, an adjournment was talken by consent till this day. hMr. ELrISLnr, for the bankrapt Gordon, asked for a further adjouniment on the same ground, the city prosecution having been put off until the 4th of next month. M1r. ISLwraT, for the assignees, objected to that corse of proceeding, because the petition was one -which rendered it essentially necessary, he might say, for the comfort of the assignees, that the judgment of the Court should be taken on one part of the petition. The nrayer was an alternative one, that the adjudication mighthe annulled, or, if not, that ada mightbe apointed for the surrender of the bankrupt. he assignces d not object to' a day being named for the surrender, but they shoed certainly contest the petition so far as related to the annulling of theadjudiestion. His H ouit thought the best coume would be for the petitioner to give up the first part of the petition, and have a day named for his surrender, which the Court would at once grant. Lr. Ecaisumn-The fact is that, according to the result of the city prosecutions, any course may be very much altered. They have a great deal to do with the liberty of my client. If he is found guilty on the city prosecutions the punishment wil be much more severe than he is at preo sent undergoing. He is now in gaol for two years, and it miay be very proper on his art to come and give every assistance to his assignees. n the other hand, it is easy to conceive, if he is subjected to further punishment, that it ht not be so politic for him to do so. ltis Houo-I think the best end to this matter would bo to draw up an order for taling the bankrupt's surrender. If you think otherwise, I shaU hear you on the question of annulling the adjudication, for it is not right to keep a petition of this kind pending merely for the reasons you state. The city prosecutions are totally different matters, and that which you urge as a reason for adjournment is, in fact, no reason at alL You say your client niay or may not be disposed more or less favourably to the assignees, according to the result of thoze prosecutions. Is that a proper mode of putting a matter in a court of justice ? I think you ought to go on. Mr. EMISLaE.-Then, Iask to be allowed to amend the petition by striking out the alternative of the prayer, and sinply confining it to asking that the adjudication may be annulled. His HoxoutR.-The application comes too late. We are now here, not the day originally fLxed for the hearing, but on a day named for that purpose by adjournment, and you ask to be allowed to alter the form of the petition altogether. N?o; I cannot grant that. Iwill hear yoL upon the Petition as it stands. Mr. Ecasaca-Then,if you will allow me, I will abandon the petition. Mr. LmrAvxn.-Then, the petition will stand dismissed His Hoxouir.-I think you should hardly ask for costs. Mr. LixuALrTEn-Very well, Sir. His HoNiou.-Then, the petition is dismissed. The order will state that you both appeared, and that after hearing Mr. Elmalie and Mr. inklater, it is ordered that thepetition be dismissed.
INSOLVENNTDEBTOBe COUBT, Jan. 24. TN IRE EvWARTn EP1.T.T N-V (Bcfore Afr. Commismionrr am nqA This insolvent, who had been a linendraper at Chelsea was opposed by 1r. Reed for several creditors; Mr. Dowso supported. Men insolvent ws a banlrupt, an:o obtained bis certificate in May, 1853, and in the following August he resumed business with a capital of 4001., which he alleged he had obtained from his mother on her deathbed. T'he money, with the exception of 25, was, he said, all in gold, and his mother produced it from under her pillow. After an inquiry into the contraction of the debts and the disposition of prperty, Ir. CommnissionerPHThLs thought the story of the 4001. was a very extraordinary one; but without branding the insolvent with dishonesty, the case was clearly one for a remand under the discretionary clause. He would therefore be dischaiged in six months from the vesting order.
POLICE. IIAY5TO2-fl-OuSa-A rougEhlooking fellow, who said his name was James Thomipeon, was brought up chargedl under t'he following circamstances: Policeman 12 H said -last Saturday night I wsi Thames-street,by the Custom-'house, andaI saw thep ploner, with two other men following a gentleman. Theprisoner lifted up the pocket of thegentleman's coataundtoDok,out his polcket-hiandkerchiief. I saw him then turn up the street and begin to ram, and Ipursued himn, crying " Stop thief I" A Custom-house officer amyediat-ely caughtholdof him, but be broke away from the grs of the officer and ran away ; but1pursued and appreh eMndec himn, and he then put his hand into his trousers pocket, andadrawing out the hand-kerc'hief threw it back. I stooped down and took it up.c He mamnaed to get away. I did not seebhira ain until to-day, when I found him in George-street, Suitalfields, in one of the low lodIging-houses, and told hini'he mus acompny e t th sttio-hose.After he had manyof ou ae ging o tke m 1- doen? The andmd use ohcr foullnggeadsidttifny one laid hold ofhmhe wuduetekie u fw would go down stainshe woudflo us. We consideredlit prudent to go down stair,; knowing that he had no otherivay out but by followNing us or leaping out of the window. When we got down stairs we heard the smashing of-,glass, and immediately found that the piisoner had broken'~the winow,andwasmaladUs scae. e jmpd from the The risnersai,-Iackowldgecommitting th&-of fene, ut cold otgetwor,. nd asobliged to geb'tho PoliemanMB cnfired te acountof. the first witness, and sadth prioe drew out the knife deliberately and resolutely, and swore he -wouldi run us throu&. Policemant127 H said,-I know the prisoner. He 'was convicted at Clerkenwell for picking poclkets in Mfarch, 1852, and sentenced tD transportation for seven years, anid he is out on a ticket-of-leave. The Prisouert-Well, I can't get work. What am I to dot The prisoner, it was subsequently statedl, had been inidicted at Clerkenwell, in the Damne of Florence Wclarthy,and his ticket-of-1eive, which wax numbered either 6,448 o r 4,684% was in the name pf Henry M?Carthy,.andwas granted about the end of Novemiber last. Orders were given that a letter, stating the circumzistances of the case, andl describing the desperate character bf the prisoner, should be forthwit transmitted to. the Secretary of State, and the prisoner was committed, as a rogu"e and vagabond, for tbreinmonthsato Holloway Prison, " Richard Porster pleadled. guilty to the c'harge of having robbed a gentleman of a pocket handkerchief, in G:ae church-street, and wms sentenced to imprisonment, as a rogue and vagabond, for three' months in Efolleway Susan Silvestcr was charged with having assaulted -M1ary Ann Durrant, her lodger, with a poker.- - - ' The complainant, it appeaed, owed somie rent, and h'er landlady? exasperted at her stay in thehouse, determined to getr e; of her betwveen 3 and 4 o'dlock in the rniorning,r after having caused the window to be taken out; notwithstanding the severe illness of the poor woman's husband. A row'was, of course, the consequence, and the defendant called out for a poker, was accommorated. with 'on, and knocked down her lodger by' a' blow on the head, which mniad her insensible. The defendant deciar that: she never had the poker in her hand, and that the person who gave- thec blow was the sick husband of the complainant, who mistook the ono woman for the other, and used the weapon accordingly. The defendant was sentenced to pay a fine of 51, or to be imprisoned for one months. -... I I - - sBow-sTREE.-The second half of -a 51.-note, from R-. E.," has been received for the poor-box. An acknow. ledgment was requested in Thc Timcs. - - MARXLBOROUGH-STREr._Charlcs Mas, an derly maU, of respectable appearance, was broughtt Mforc ier BRD WICK for final examination, charged with obtaining money from various bankers and gentlemen by falsely representing himself to be the son of the late banker, Mr. Chambers. The first charge was for obtaining monoy fromi a gentUc. man named Jenyns, to whom be had introduced himself, in the street by pretending an acquaintance with him, and by declaring that he was the son of Mr. Chambers, the baiker, reduced to a state of great destitution, in consequene of the delay interposed between hiin and is pronertbu Chancery suit. Mdr. Jenyns having been informed some time after this meeting by one of Uthc Chmbers family that there was a person answcring the description of the prisoner going about town and getting money from several chtable persons by stating that heio was the son of the-late 3Mr. Chambers, he again accidentally met the prisoner a fewv days aNo and, recognizing him, at once gave hini into -custoWY. When berore the magistrate tha prisoner saidthat'lgr Jenynsvwas labouring under a complete mistake; that he vas a solicitor, living in Southwark that he had never seen Mr. Jenyns before; and that he had never represented himself to be a son of Mfr. Chambers, the banker. - Webb, one of the Mendicity Society's officers, being in court, said that ho had no doubt the charge wastrue, and that at a future day he should be able to prove that the defendant, in his character of solicitor, had been going about gettig money from bankers and others in the city. Ir,Hardwick having remanded-the case till yesterday, the Mendicity Society's officer stated that evidence was at hand to prove that the defendant w;as thec person 'who had been going about for some time past representing himself to be the son of the late Mr. Chambers. it gentleman named l.ingard, of St. James's Pallace, doposedthat the defendant was the samc per-son'who hadnabout two years agoobtained pecuniaryassstanca from him by pretending to have seen him in the banking-house of his alleged father, the late Mtr. Chambers. Mfr.Tritton, of the firm of Barclay and Co., bakles, Lombard-street, said he too had given money to the defendant on his representation that he was the son of the Late 3fr. Chambers. Webb said there were numerous cases of the same kind in th cidty, which could be brought forward if necessary. Mr. Chambers, of the Bankrupt( Court, deposed that the prisoner was not his brother, and that he had committed a fraud in representing himself to be the son of the late Mr. Chambers. An application having been made to Mr. Hardwick to deal wit the case sumniarily, Mr. HAnD VICK said there were difficulties in the 'way of such a course. The case was so flagrant, and extended over so long aperiod, that he should recommend the officer to take the defendant to the city, where the sitting alderman would, no doubt, deal with it properly. If the case could not be dealt with in the city, let them bring the defendant back to this court, and he 'would send him for triaL. leceived from " 11 E." the second half of a 51.-note for the poor-box. MasARYSLI.-Edward Basleg, a robust Voung man, o to give his address, 'was 'aced before Zhr. ING, charged, in conjunction 'with another man not in custody, with having attacked and robbed, w ith intent to murder, Mlr. E. C. Clarkion, barrister, of No. 5i3, Cleveland. square, Paddington. The case excited much interest in a crowded court. The prosecutor, having been sworn, said,-About 1 o'clock this morning I was walkuin along the Bayswater-road, when a man came behind me and put his arms round mly neck. The next moment he grasped my throat with his hands, and made an attempt to throttle me. The prisoner immediately came in front of me while the other man had hold of my throat, and succeeded in snatching from me my gold watch, 'which was in my waistcoat pock-et, suspended by a gold chain from my neck. The chain snapped, and I lost my 'watch, with my chain, to 'which 'were also attached a gold seal, a gold cross, a half-sovereign, and a gold ring. My coat v.as unbuttoned. MIr. I,osG.-Did the prisoner by force unbutton your coat ? Prosecutor.-No; I had on a greatcoat, which, with my ndercoat, 'was unbuttoned, and the gold chain was exposed to view. I struggled 'with the man who had hold of mce, when he (the man) called out to the prisoner, "Present your pistol at his head." MIr. I,OSG.-Would yen knOW the person of the other Prosecutor.-I should not. The prisoner also took one of my gold shirst~-uds. f hr.isG.-Yon are sure the prisoner is the man who took your property ? Prosecutor.-I am. I at length succeeded in shaking off the man. I then attacked himnwithmyfists. He ran away, upon 'which I tumed upon the prisoner, who also ran away. I called for assistance and then pursued them down, the Bayswater-road. One of them here called out, " Shoot hnn and do for him." Thay turned up the road leading to Sussex-square, near Iyde Parkgardens. There they took up some stones and threatened to throw them at me. Mr. LoSG.-Did they throw any stones at you? Prosecutor.-No, Sir; I again attacked them, and they fled. They reacheda place where there is no thoroughfare, where I got up to them. Soon after a policeman came up. I told him that Ihad been robbed by the men. The pnsoner did not move, but the other man ran away. I observed to the policeman that if he would go after the man I wouldtake care of the prisoner, who remarked, "' I have been trying to help yon al the time." The policeman went in pursuit of the man, and another policeman arrived, in whose charge I placed the prisoner. The policeman was taling him down the Payswater-road, where he showed a disposition to resist, and subsequently he attempted to maie his escape. They got him on the ground, and over' powered him. After herose, the policeman pickedup agold watch, with part of a gold chain attached, 'which fidentified as my property. The other policeman reappeared withont the man he went after. I accompanied the police with the prisoner to the station-house, and there preferred the charge. I have not stated that I had a carpetbag and an umbrella when I was first seized hold of. I cannot say whether they were taken away from me or whether I dropped them. These were brought to the station-house 'while I was there by a policeman, who found them in the Bayswater-road. The pnsoner was searched at the station-house, when a gold ring, a gold cross, a halfsovereign, and a small key, all attached to a portion of the chain, were found on him. I afterwards accompanied one of the policemen in search of the other part of my property, 'when we found, near the spot where I'was stopped, a gold shirt-stud and part of a chain. Mr. LoSG.-Then, you have found all your property? Prosecutor.-I have, Sir. Mr. Clarkson here showed a mark on his coat, below his chest, which he said was the effect of a ick he reeeived from the prisoner while his companion was grasping his throat. Mr. LoSG asked the prisoner if he had any question to put to the prosecutor. The prisoner then asked Mr. Clarl6on if he did not tell the policeman which way theman went, and whether at the time he offered any resistance. Mr. Clarkson said that what he had stated was true. Policeman Grubb, D 283, said,-About 1 o'clock this morning I was on duty in the enclosure of Hyde Park-gardens when I heard the cry of "Stop him; murder!" I went towards the spot whence the sounds came, when I saw the prosecutor as he described. I asked him what was the mnatter, when he said that he had been robbed by two men. Seeing the other man go down the road, I went after him, and observed that he got over the railings of Hyde Parkgardens. I also went over, when I heard the rattle spring of my brother officer, upon which I returned to his assistance. I then found the prisoner upon the ground, and as he 'was being lifted p I saw a wtch drop from his hand. I assisted to take the prisoner to the station-house. Polceman Irving, D 220, said,-About 1 o'clock I'ws on duty in Hyde Park-gardens, near the Bayswater-road, 'when Iheard some one caYl out"Police l" I 'went to the assistance of the person who caled out, andfound the prosecutor and the prisoner struggling. The prosecutor said that the rsoner was one of two men by 'whom he had been robbed. I took him into custody. - MIr. LONa.-Did the prisoner say anything? Policeman-Yes, your worship; he observed that he had been assising the gentleman, instead of robbing him. I said2 "You must go with me and let me search yon at the station-house." Mr. IoNG.-Didhesay anything more at that time? Policeman.-No, Sir. I took him to the station-house, with the assistance of the prosecutor. . Lo.G.-Did anything occur on your way there? Policeman.-Yes, Sir. As'we were going along I saw the prisoner take something out of his pocket; I observed afterwards that he had something inuhis hand, which I immediately seized hold of.. The prisoner then became very violent, and tried to make his escape. With the assistance of the prosecutor, the prisoner was forced to the ground, and was oveowered by us. At thistime Policeman Grubb cameup. Theprisoner'wasraised; upon whichIfoundon the ground a gold 'watch, a gold ring, a imall key, -ahalf-. sovereign, and a gold cross, all attached to a ehain. M1r. LoNIG asked the prisoner- if he had. any question to put to either of the constables. Y The pimsoner qetioned the latte wituess to the same effect as he d y. rsn, whaeT n repliedo thathbe p oited out the direction inV 'whic the man ha Poe. Mt ou.th the:hls fd n man had«n gon. e polceman produced l tha roe pof he found.) Haseldin% De, 227, producet the eapt- the unbrella, which he stated he found bye of Park-gardens. h Mfr. Fell (chief clerk) remarkedl that that was at some din.. tance from the spot where the prosecuxtor was attacked. Hlaseldine.-Yes; about100. yardsfropsth9 spot. -- M1r. FeIL-Then, theyrrmust hiave been taken possession of by one of the men. .- - ~ I- 1.- Mrx. IONG (to M1r. Clarkon).-What 'were the contents of thie ckrpet-beg ? - Proaecutor.-A few artiles of 'clothing ian &asdring-; case'whch,wit th cotene, vaue t 4L aneo MS,.LoX.-Ca yo for an estmat of he alu ho Ihad anything to say to the:charge. He observed that any remark he had to makc would bo taken down, and might be produced against him. He was duly casntioned, )Ir. Long observing that he should remand hin, is' there ws'another mnan, not in custody, who was coicenedin thd robbery. The priso ,-1 as retining hi tomthe'eit this morning about I o'clocle, and at Snasex.aq ne Hyde I'ark-gardens, I saw a bag and' umbrelli on the Soot A few yards farther on I saw a watch and part of a chain, and the other part of it, to which i key, &-.,-wireattached. I pieked,them -up,and:at the momert r heardthccryof "Police." Prosecutor came up-ti me, i lookedat fe, and immediately a policeman amrived ThegenUem (prosecutor).aaxdto mea mannb adrnaw;adhtbg was one of tho two -who had? robbedhiin.d He pteout to methe way whlich the otheirnman rin,. 1- 1 there quiety with the prosecutor. -Anotherconable ane up, when he and the prosecutor seized me bythe throat. They handled me roughly, andI told them th4'if they would allow me to do so 1 would go quietly to' the sation-house On the 'way there, along the 3ayswater-road, the prosecutor and the constable knocked me down onm hack. I had the watch and part of the chaininmyhan v from me. The other article were in- D the ll the prosecutor firsl saw mehea he th I s the man 'who robbed him 'but I was pursuing the other' as I was given into custody, and the prosecutorvemark "We wall see about that to-morrow." Mr. LoxG observed it was very fortinate for the ends of justice that the gentleman upon wh6ni'this robbery was committed was a man of firm nerve; and his condject under the circumstances in which he was placed reflecAd upon hbin the highest credit. As them was another imnplicated, in order to afford timeo to the police to effect his aip prehension, he shouldremandtheprisonerfor a week. Sergeant Jenkins, 2S D, said that he had no doubt tiat prior to the next - examination 'of the prisoner his *ccomn pUce in the atrocious outrage'would be taken into cutody. The prisoner was then removed from the WORSHIr-sSTmr.-Orn Tuesday a lwetched-iooking girl of 15, named Charlotte Claridge, was charged beforo Mr. IYEvxcousT by her own mother with stealing an saucepan. Theresult of the investigation, however, ras theerpofthat the mother, Mary Claridge, had been inthehabit of so negleting the girl, leaving bher for,d ys together withont food, that the girl had been obliged to sell 'whatever trifing article she could to save herself fiom starvaton; and that the 'unnatural 'woman had preferted this charge against her own child, as she had another ubon her.~~~~~~~~nohr' a penos cca on wth he ol obectofgettding.lid o Mr. D'ENcouRst at once discharged the girl, 'With a severe reprehension of the mother's conduct, and, as there are two sides to every question, he directed Edis, the "Larrant'officer, to communicate with the parish authorities, and also to inquire into the conduct of the girl herself. The pubrication of the former hearing appears to have excited mnuch interest, and Edis now stated that the mother lives in Urban-place, near London-fields, Hackney, and that on proceedingthere on the preceding evening he found that the woman, whooccupied one back roomon thegroundfloor, was then at home. On knocking, the woman said she was abed, but on learning he was an officer she opened the door. He asked her where her daughter was, and she replied she did not know, as the girl had not been bhck since leaving the court ; that the girl was illegitimate, her father dead, and that she (the woman) had married again; and had a family, who were so far grown up as to be no encumbrance to her, but ihe reverse. She displayed such an utter absence of all foeling for the por girl's fate that he told her of it, but sho made no reply, and shuttherself in her room. Onquestioningthe landlady, that person toldhim that the mother was in the habit of frequentl leaving the girl for three or four days together by'herself in the room 'ithout properprovision; and the landlord, on comning forward, sai the poor girl was a treat favourite with him, his wife, and ansuly, from her agreeable manners, intelligence, and general kindness and good temper Ho said that shortly after Christmas the- motier &ave the girl into custody for stealing and selling the oormat, buat that ho followed them to the station, begged the woman notto prosecuteher child, andpromised to assist the girl if she would forego the charge. The mother consented to do so upon that condition, but he fell ill and could not fulfill his promise thoroughly; but both man and wife expressed great commiseration for the girl, and said theywould willingly keejp her themselves if they could any how afford to do so. le next 'went to the house of Mrs. Cole, the storedealer who had purchased the saucepan, and that person told him that immediately they hadleft the court she lieard tle woman say to the girl, "'Now you cani go and do as you have done before, and then youcan live weIl" This was supposed to mean stealing. The mother and daughter then parted, and in the 'evening the girl came to Cole's shop in a very shocling state, crying and begging for pity, as she had been home, shesaid, but could not get in, the door being locked against her. The girrs misery 'was so great that Urs. Cole conferred with her husband, and it was mutually agreed that the girl should be taken in lodged, and supplied with food, until something could be done with her. She was then properly washed and cleaned, hut on the girl stripping it was found that she' had no under-clothing wvhatever, and it was necessary therefore to get her some. Here the girl's conduct was so amiable that Cole and his-wife w ere seriously thinlkin" of keeping her, but an order camne from Mrf. D)ossett, the overseer, who, though ill, went in search of the grl, but could hear nothig of her, and therefore left the order at Cole's for her to go into the Hackney Union; and there the girl went, reluctantly, andstillremains The MALsTnATv said that such feelng conduct upon the part of such poor people as the Coles, the marine storeshopkeepers, reflected the greatest credit upon them, 'and the more particularlyas the wife had beensomewhat sharply questioned upon the impropriety of purchasing articles bf a girl so young, though no blameo afterwards appeared to be really attaching to her. It was another instance of the humanity and mutual help so frequently found pervading the lower classes, disinterested as well as Christian;* and he should mark his senseof suchconductby ordering the officer to hand them a sovereign from the poor-bo:, as compensstion for the expense and inconvenienceto which theyhad so voluntarily subjected themselves. LmNLs-rm-The magistrate has received from "II. ZL.'Z 3(s. for 3m Jenkins, the poor woman who had been so bratally assaulted by her husband.
[Advertisemenf,}-$ lChevalier T. G. de Sobler's Initia. 20ry Treat3se on Phi~losorbx nelaborated for Self-Btudente. Ist Part. TranslatedbytheBRev . Harris, MLA -Dulau and Co.,London. We have been much strack by this lst Part, not, indeed, fron tbe uisuhed perfecines of the treatise, but from the evldence it gives of hmasterly ability on the part of ItS young f nther, which only needs apensng to take an m.noront rank in the literary vorld.'- dinburgh Advertiser.Det]3s * The object of ahis work stofac itatoto the beginner the study of that most dificullt of the selences-meta pbyscs. .We "Tnow of no whorim which the student could obtai3n this strictly elementary or initiatory informsation., . This exceedingly seoessa,y prepbilaton,fo the more-intimate sthdy o' the subject is treated inamnner calelsiedir mar we itofthouheatusefule to the stuenlct. Tholsoguago i dear-, logical, and precise. The translator hasentaredthoroug ctly into-thespirit ofuthe author,mand sevidently Anvablermetrabysician"-Mo. ing Advertiser, Oct. 1'3. Ivthe Mann Author-" tintS on the HecoTi3ty of a lcal grounded Study of 1'blod ophy.r "yThas little brochure contais a rich mine of pramctical wosdomp, the philoshy herein advocated in the true philrsophy of thc Royal sstgeY-Ohurcehof England Quarterly Reviev, Oct. 1bu 5. "aTbe brochure issnarked bynoordinary powvers of thooght, andby asn excellent etyle. Tlhe author correCtly points out some of the stumblngblocks as the advansages of philosophical stutdies,"-Etinburgh Advertiser, 4 ay15, 1815. (Advertisement.]-hIse de Circlaar" In " e period ofounr yeaurs has achieved a su ccess lnexampled in the llistory .orclass proicfls It is newa favourite medliumof intereommnth caffonamongn3ithe medical. rofession, ^ hoi3ni as attained by its obraivecetral c ers whicheat f ther recommended oymits cheapfness, besg whalf the pnce of its Fontehesor itesi The eighth volutme commentced On Jabnu;ry 2, the distingoislunglentulres of which witi be the redsess of Poor La t grievances, and the eposttre of quacb s and quackery. inasdiston sto clinical lectures by eminent professors, ith one of which every nwuober willbe eenrched ethe "s ed3ia mCir coas" offers the best medium for advertisements addressed to the mefdicar-rofesnotn. Published everyWednreday moning at the Ois, 20, ing i1amnall,et3 StPand, price Sd sWtamped;anualshcri Uion, IYs 4d. [Advertisemnent.]-"Noesde Sebastopol."-eae " Exoa minerD of Saturdaylast terminates ndlaborate criticism ofthis e ori inthe foMowing wgords:-" We have no ight to rsublect this very welcome book infurther pilage, Its interest lieschinelyin those four orfsve centralsdchapters wihich treat of the ruinedeityandihe camp, and from these we have taken enongh. For0these it wdll be reaid; but t irs igh to sn', in addition, that the writer is a qitcc-wtted obsetrver Snd cultivated man, wshos traves even_over eaten trnaks ellctnt many neasnttloingsworthtetlong and disg. The whoe book, theref'ore-it isnot a very lon one-wllrepay the trbleof perusalnCharman and P;all H o.. Piccadily- [Advertisen.t -" alatni'as llstreted lestou y co The threseft Wssr aainst russia ;"M embellished thdb trats ot eminfnt commanders, engraved, by speciln -reoan, from originaltpicturs . cwsof thu Beat of War, from skttcheW takenTe ostb e spot; patesbyJ Sea and Lsand; maps, pla n, te from the most authenicesources, tach shillng part contains dt closely-prited om persroyal octavho ades -s nd twodteclengwavspoen exemstiedexrestly for thewoe NTows reacy neatly botu d in scarlet coth,e and gilt, the ThaI Division, price y e, I comprsing 2t 0 pages and 11 plates, Diviston 2 nill be read U bbrumary2L Virtue and who.. Cty- road. and 26, Iv-r lne, london, [Advertsement.1-Beautifuhmlictures h ellsofalmyhonsidered te most attractive vehices o uction to the mnd o ae hild, but the effect they poduce wilt be greratlyregalteri bytbe natuire of the xdlanaton whch wlo use to develohe their meaing. The cyo may be fascinated while the intellectis uninformedtand the heart untouched. Too illusrate a picture urftlly, therefosro, requires skit to hoich- the artist's penilisbut subsidiar. The great secretlies inthe proper us of both; to enhpano the attiiactivesea of the picture by the charm of hedescripton, dtedg.A the lesson on.cthe memorybr the beuty of the pbctrrei The artist and the moramlst combinred can laythc mind ofa cd1i4t. I otncy the most irresistibe, becausethe6 eiousfaos of' truth inthus cothed with smiles, and- the exuberance. of you,thful. sy iastemperodhy the sober werdof a wise but loving tbacher. Ai such, the name of Mlary Hewitt ins-too wlvl known in requie enloglun. - Thee child wha has read - one -of her productions-eirdes to read more, and the mere ho reads of them tbe betterwill he become, if heis6 hsppyeeoegh-to--lis- under the indunenee of domestio authority of the like healthy kind, - "Mary Hewitt's Libsary for the - 'ounug" in altogether theS mnost beavutifol book for a prime or bIrthday present -publishedi this asemon, In twvoseries, each completein itself, price, -in paper board, 5ei eacb;oe in elegant cloth, gilt edges, 5a.- I;d. and coloured plates, Te, Cd, each; or bothiseries.bound in one handsome ,oiumeps prce lOa and, coiourea plates, 14s, It ma,valso be had-in-pt numbers, C-6 Lcadsl, as oD6iil4/MQe& xtmyboobtainedseuar bookeler inthe imtdkmDgdera or ''l'.hfee, direct from thse"ablinheis, by seedingC a poetoffiSce order. Lodn W. Rent and Cio., z3coternOstcr-r . , - * jAdvertseent]-"Memoixs -of British' Generals dig. tinguished during the Gv-reat Penin lr~Wari" by- ieSutenant Cnole, 'Wlst-oultt2ey bea,idres and'the other;Marehals of the Em p Ire weret 16iQpolceo, bPceu, leresford, (lrahasd Crauford-and otheg Bsitirh Generalawere inWellingion, This book, while it in an accept. *'SContbutontmJliabigrah,i naninterestln,suppl~enta aSnd eitta oS mtnof whom England will alwaysbe proud ace act fortLbingenias2and -arkiqcolours, To the young mlitarKy student the worlk wlt be leatuctive, as *d as interactng to the general *s&e.i-LiltE19.y saaetie,
NAV YAL AND EI1IJTARXY ITELlGBNC2 Thc RomonD i paddl Cora2Eder Croftos ATived It Spithead yesterday from the West India statior, lst from Queenstowii, at which1 port she put in sen days ago, haffing eoo"rd e ijre ivthcr. - a rie PrOatetheuq 6, p -diievsloop, - Commnmder SelIn, arrzived at pithead yeKer ay,;frcm -T3mbathk -with supe. unaeary seamen for ie iipsf lttingMt Portsmouth. The AvoniTenevlOtft7oztsmouth yesterday for Flymouth with supenmunierary seamen for- the ships tting there. - he Wi&Ac- 9 WaliDg tiss puarnived atSpithead yesterdayfrom the Orinie, Shbe 3onlysomecondemned tores on board. - The gunboat Spitjac1 from Woolwich, W icarrivid at ly-mouth on Wednesday morning, reported that, on paing the Bolt Tail during the nights, she obsersvedWe lights,- anl Concludedthat they were exhibited by some -.J min disires. Thebadcondition of her engines preventedherfrocxotff'rng assistance on a lee shore, and she therefore -ep-r----e circumstance to Port-Admiral Sir8 illiis Padnrr oi. mediately despatcheA the steamer ConSance, in chamge of Fag-Lieutenant Turton, with spare anchors M nd ales, aol a party of riggers from-the Devbnp tdoky -Sheleft at 9.30 a.m., and returnedat 9 pn4utiitheut'&lcoveri nycel in distresyor were exhibited. ;..- - The crew of the screw s ip Mrunwick S0-C;ptain Hastings N. Yelyerton, at DMio#port, got tbpmasts:on end and topiast croastrees placed on Wedneadgy.; Everg oxertionisbeingusedtogetherready-fors - The paddlewheel steam troopship Dee, 4, Coinsander Thomas C. Pullen, from Woolwich, arrived at Pry%outh on Wednesday with machinery for the blockships Forth. and Seahorse. - The Government lighter Canel, when- sailing frora Hamoze into Plymouth Sound on Weednesday, grounded on the Gernan Pock, but was got off by thePieMesteam. vessel without having suffered much ijeury.- Yesterday the Severn, having been. christened by.Ms Wyvill, the granddaughter of Commodore Wyvill, Super. intendent of Chatham Dockyard, was launched amid the hearty cheers of those who had assisted in her construction, and with thegood whes o}fnumerous visitors, consisting of the princiPal officers of the Yard and a great number of the military, &C. The Charybdis is immediately to be laid down on the same dip. By the Peninsdlar and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, which arived at Southampton yesterday, ve received the followingitems of naval andmilitary intelligence from Gibraltar:- The steam transport Cape of Good HEope put into tha bay on the 12th, from )alta, with Ideutenant Craviford and lieutenant Dunn, 55th Regiment, and after taking in coal resumed her voyage on the following day. The steamer Telegraph coaled at the New Mole on the 12thr, and left for 3ata and Corfu, with detachments-of the Berksbire and 3Middlesex Militia, at 8 o'clock the same evening, and retured the next might frorm off Almeria she having encountered a severe gale from the S.E. with a very heavy sea, which vashed overboard the coal on deck and cirried' away the inner side of the paddleboxes. She was replenish. ing her stock of fuel and making good her -epais. The screw steam transport Indiana left Gibraltar for thg Crimea on the 13th inst. The Prince of Wales steam transport, from 31alta, with l,000 32-pound shot for Gibral. tar fororders, anchoredinthe bay on the 13th. The Pince spoke on the 12th inst. the British bark Integrity and tha Solstice, the latter of Sunderland, 57 days from Alexandria, 110 miles east of Gibraltar, all welL The steam transporti Zebra, from Deptford to the Crimea, arrived at Gibraltar on the 13th inst. Her 3MaJe s steam-sloop Prometheus left Gibraltar for England on the 12th inst. The Perse. veranco steam transport, from Spithead for albta, arived at Gibraltar on the 14th, and left the same day, The Zebra also sailed in the afternoon. Her Majesty's steam troopship Transit arrived at Gibraltar, for Scutari, on the 14th - also the transport Duham, from London, with stores for the Crimea. Her Mjestys -steamer Spitfire and siean transports Prince of Wales and Levant left for England ox the 15th inst. The steaMoop Pearl, Captain Satheby, vwas hauled out of Woolwich basin yesterday morning, and steaned do'wn to Greenhithe to be swung. As soon as her cabin fittingz are completed she wil sail thence on her first voyage. The Devastation, Captain larshall, went out of the basin by the same tide7 and is to be stationed for a short time in the river off the dockyard, where she will receive her mainmast and complete her repairs.- The ganboats Charer, ieun. tenant-Commander Symons, and the Dove, Lieutenant. Commander Herbert, have also proceeded to the Arsenal moorings to receive their sea stock and ammunition. The Ihadamanthus and the Niger were admitted into the basin yesterday morning, and the Vixen will enter the basin to. day. ienutona.t-Colonel Beatson, Superintendent of th% Building Department in the Arsenal grounds at Woolwicb, has received a notification from Lord Pan mure, announcing it to be the intention of Government to abolish thatpost as a separate branch of the establishment, as by the adoption of a new system, which is to be-introduced, the sersices of an officer of engineers will not be required. The duties of the office areto be carried out for the future by the respective superintendents of the departments generally. The barracks lately in the occupation of the corps of Sappers and Miners, at Woolwich, are now being converted to the use of the classical.department of the Cadets' Academy, for which purpose CaptainTilley's Company(the5th) consisting of 60 men is hutted in the drill-ground at the back of the Garrison Hospital. Tbis company is the only remnant of the Royal Sappers and Miners which is to remainat Woolwich, and is toundertalse the carrying out all barrack and other garrison repairs, &c. Eighty volunteers will leave Chatham garrison this day for their depOts in Ireland, previoss to joining their regi. ments in the Crimra. Captmin James Bailie, 5th Fusileerv, goes in command of this detachment to Cork, v12 BristoL *^ Sixty young men of theMedical Staff Corps, after being paraded, their kit examnihedby Staff-Captain S. G. Bun. bury, 3medicaly inspeded at the General Hospital, Fort Pitt, andL, havinggone through a course of instruction im the duties of stewards and orderlies, will quit their depot, Chatham, this day, in charge of Captain Thomas C. Lyons, 20th Rient for Deptford, to embark on board the Clyde, in medical charge of Surgeon J. W. Shilel, MLD., for duty in the hospitals in the East The battery of arfillery at present lying in Norwich barracks (under- the command of Captain Mountaine) is under orders for the Crimea. No time, however, has yet beenappointed for its departure. The following appointients were made yesterday at the Admiralty. - Captain W. Moorsom, to the Eurotas; Captain G.' Knyvett Wilson, to the Rodney, vioe Moorsomn; Captain W. H. Jervis, to the London, vice Kuper; Commander W. M'Dowell, to the Rodney; C. H. Stirling, actingmatea to the S,aipareila THE XMLITILA Volunteeringfrom the 2d Stafford Regiment of Militia commenoed yesterday atPortsmouth, where that regiment; is stationed. The regiment Wu aboout 750 strong, and in thl course of afewhours gave about 203 volunteers to tk Roya Artillery, the Fusileer Guards, the Royal Marines, and ta the different ments of the cavalryand the line. The Colonel (the H on. Colonel Lyttleton) told the men he was sorry topart with any of them, but as the country required their services he ws proud and glad that sucds numbers of them had so rTaeily volunteered. The East Norfolk Militia are under orders to proceed to Colchester at the close of this month. The Duke of acaster's Own Rifles, stationed at GlWgow, have just given their first instauent of volunteers to the ine for the yearl1856. 170-men havecbeen -approved rincipall for the Queen's Bays, Artillery, Maines, 3&th, 40th, nl and Rifle Re'ment&; The volunteering was limiied to one day. The'reglment now stairds about dOG rankandflle. -~
SovT rovm , Jan. 24.-To-day theweather has been unusul boisterous. At an early hour this morning a ga?e of wind sprang up from the soutth-west, which continued until about noon, when it seemed to freshen; having shifted almost to due west, accompanied by helvy and frequent squais. Yeserday the Governrent emigrationx ship I arl Grey, of 750 tons burden, with 230 G-temment emngrants on board, left the docks, and moored oe to one of the buoys inu the river to await her de- wh tis epectd, will tie place:dn Saturmwa M.hottyafter the gaencommenned the der ataclets pin of the buoy broke,a oa toe r 1t a Gnd s 300oo a te moobyte drifiv t a G and tarkin the b wata her. Before itanoe could. 'beRendred shet,led'onit the nmdon the iytesxhore, but,:oes soon as the accident wgn kno'wu, MEr. Smith, t;he emigraton ommissOner at ths pOrt, procured the -assistnce of t.wo tugs,. andi went off, and by the eveningP the l}arl O3reyr was again affoat aid' safely anchored in neep wter. Koeonfnon ensued, and not the slightest ineonrenienee was felt by the eniigrants Also, in the eotreofilie morning, one sDf the'chains of the Itchen fIoatinsg bridge- ws broken by the -stength ot the wind, and that meai- of iOing to' and fiom-outham21 n was thereby denied rto the inhabitants. -lsteal w uereued, whieh rendered the passage t soe,nwhMt dampand unodmfo-baie cue. S-overy-poverffl'as the wind *t intervals that many of the *atermen were obleett to Snd shelter fortheir boSs so as to ptevent their beinr driven from- their moings.- At sandown- the tenmoderated. The A4o, Capt&in Inee,s 'ith the French and Engliz-ftomails-fom eXi Yor. is hourly ex~ected. The arnval of this vtalel is anx-ouly looked 'for, as by her wll be Iteoeived e week't'elaternews fomn fo eic,-vi, tothel2ti in.,iaeSe of no packot leaving New York en e9tL w iron tddle*hetI i ur,alled the Xeatafa Boy, for the-psivata use of tbenshaM oE mpt, by Mc8;esua hsof'SoutXhampton, ana talc let tis ort*fes65aeofor Alernra.pluthacl into the dok rda erlvmmip acvetbe housud at Yaxeth,' -i Xib*aIa Be2y s n Sves emaU M eszav gte,;ixkrng the Bever silt.
- - - - - L-AND;- . - ({Q0t orI oWN CORRYSPONDZN'r. DUBIM; TuRISDAY lOll5,'I - . THE IEISH COURT. Lord Carli3le's first levee for the seaon wA held 'yesterday in Dablin Castle. The attendance aWas very ntunerous and comprised a full sprinding- of the nobility and gentry of all political persuasions. A usiual, since the quartering of Dr. en upon this country, there was not a single member of the Roman Catholic hierarchy present to pay this trifling mark of - respect to the Queen's representative, nor, with the exception of Dean feyler, the enlightened parish priest of Westland-row, was there even a dignitVry of that Church bold enough to encounter the consequences that would follow a departure from the ban pronounced against Castle Catholics by Airchbishop Cullen. As far as numbers went, yesterday's levee was more numerouslyattendedthan anvsimilar ceremonial since the-viceroyalty of Kur1 lie Grey in 1842. Of coturse, the Quecn's Nisit to Ireland is niot taken into this calculation. A SAMPE OF TllE VOLUN2 TARY SYSTE3M. A western paper (the Ckmsuaueght TVafchrman) tells tis curious story " A few Sundays ago the Roman Catholic chapel in this town was the scene of an occurrence of a rather singular character. After mass, and while the congregation were tngaged in some devotional exercises, one of the chapel officials proceeded to distribnte siums of money to a considerable number of those present. To one lic gave a shil- ling, to another half-a-crown, to another five shillings, and so on, until lie had thus disposed of several pounds. The meaning of this transaction w.-as speedily explained by one of the ofmlciating priests- lHe informed the bewildered audience that thebishop ha(d given the orders for what had just been done. At the late Christmas collections the bishop had been disappointed and disgusted on receiving the amonnt contributed, as it was much less than wisat he had exp cted to receive. Having the list of contributors before nsm, he had marked those whose offerings he considered to be dispr6portioned to their means, and he now returned them the paltry pittance which they had so niggardly given him. The speaker wenit on to contrast the liberality of Sligo with that of Ballina in a way by no means complimentary to the latter. JEe reminded t3em of their obligation to maintain their bishop in a style beroming his lordly rank, especially as hI and his brethren hsd been plandered of Atheir possessions, and unjustly deprived of the revenues and tithes now in possession of that hideous anomaly, th3e Established Church. Until their re8toration to their ri;htful ow.ners the faithful were bound to support their spiri°tualpastors and masters, and especially to enable their beloved bishop to dispense the episcopal hospitalitie5 with his accustomed msunificence, and to maintain an equipage and style comesensarate with his position as a dignitary- of the Church. As thc people of Ballina had not responded to the appeal lately ma>de on Isis behalf, his ordslup was deternied to teach thems a lesson theyshould nctrezdily forget. He therefore flung back to them in in- lignant. disgust tle miserable sums with hich they had thought proper to insult him." AUCONS UT THE CORN TRAME Owing totheunsettled and fluctuating state of the corn trade at the present tfiue, and with a view wf obtaining the opinions of those engaged in the trade with reg,ardtothe probable fiiture range of prices, noless than three auctions of corn were held on Tuesday in the city of Cork. A ioc.l lpaper (the Examiner) thlus brieflyreports the proceedings: '"Before cemmencin,2 Mir. March, the auctioneer, alluded to the intellgencethatlaad been received that morning of renewe-firn ess in the English markets, and encouraged iatending purchasers by adverting to the improbability of a zuccessful issue to the peace negotiations. Bussisess was then procceded uvith, but even the eloquent persuasiveness of Mr. 7a;rsh failed to excite anytling like anmationi among thosa resent. The first lot put up wnas 100 barrels Brailow vwheat, for wvhich the highcst price offered was 32s., and, as no advance could be obtained, the entire lot of 1,000 barrels was withdrawn. 400 barrels prime Egyptian wheat were next offered, but, the highest price not reachlin the most moderate expectations of the holders, this lot vas also 'withdrawn. Another effort was made by the indefatigable asactioneer to stimulate something like competition by alluding to the fact that, even though peace was probable, a.d an annistice agreed to, it wvould take at least some seven or eight moistis to effect that desirable, or undesirable, consuammation, as the case mi'ht be during which period of anxiety and uncertaintya hiigi rango of prices would doubtless be realized. Some small parcels of Lialatz Indian corn were then put up, and about GO tons of this article realized 9?. 7s. Gd. per ton. At the second auction there vere 300 barrels of Brailow wheat and 100 barrels of Egyptian wheat offered for sale, of which 600 barrels were sold at from 36s. Gd. to 37s., and the remainder was withdrawn. This auction was held at the stores of Mr. 1I. L. Young, Clarke's-bridgc. The third auction tookplaco at the stores of Mr. C. J. CantilIon, in Fish-street, wlhen 1,200 barrels of Brailow wheat were offered for public coinpetion. Thio first lot disposed of consisted of 200 barrersat Ss., the second of 100 bariels, -which brought 3Ss. Gd. ; the third of 100 barrels, which realized 39s.; and the fourth of 200 barrels, which reached 39s. 3d. Other lots were put up, but, as no higher price could be realized, the remainder was withdrwmiw." THE FUNDS. Tnree rer Cent. Consols, 893 90 0 ditto, for account, the 7th of February, 90 90,3t ; Nev Three per Cent. Stock, 891 90; ditto, for account, the 7th of February, 90 901, -;.Dublin and Kingstown Railway Debentures, 4 per ceiit. of 100/., S8; Hibernian Bank of IrelIand (25?. paid), 32-. Railways.-Great Southern and Western (50?. paid), 52We adlarney Junction (101. p.aid), 72; Midlan-d Gre.at M estern annd Xoyal Canal, halves (25?. paid), 24) iS; WTiaterford and imnerick (e0Q. paid), 221.
THIERS t. HA'PIER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE IES. Sir,-Yourarticle on the historicalwork of 3. Thiers quotes the following passage:-"The one (WcUington) could not have defended more ably that cxtreme corner of Portugal (the lines), thb only portion which remained to bin of the soil of the Peninsula." This is one of many instances in M1. Thiers's work showing how little hc regards the truth of facts whence to draw his inferences. When Lord Wellington retired wvithin his lines lie held Estremadura, on the left bank of the Tagus, with several forts, and a comnbined army of Portuguiese and Spanish regulars. He held the Algarves vith militia under an English commandant. He held Coimbra and aU that part of Portugal whlich lies north and west of the Mondego with Trant's and Wilson's corps. He held Oporto, the Tras os Zlontes, and the Entre Ilinho e Douro with another large corps. And from those two provinces and Galicia he drewv the principal part of his cattle for the army in the lines. You will also find by reference to his despatches that Lord Wellesley himself contemplated .transferring the base of ,warfare to Oporto in the event of being driven from Lisbon. So much for Portugal. BEt 3X Thiers says, " the only corner in the Peninsula." Why, Badajoz, Gibraltar, Cadiz, Carthagena, Alicant, Corunna, and many other fortresses, anost of them seaports, and the whole of the provinces of Galicia and Murcia wvore in the allies' hands! Is it necessarv to sav mere 9 W. NAPIER, Lieutenant-General.
A WVEDDInG LMeU =EB .-In the evening of the 2.;th of October last a fanmily of distinction, residing in the '<h ssee d' Antin, gave a grand banquet in honour of the signing of a contract for the marriage of their daughter, a oung_ lady of great beauty, and possessed of not less than ,OOOf. a-year,with louis ElieAdoiphus,Baron do Sel-iausen, a young rnan of 2i, chief of one of the most ancient and distinguishedhbaronial houses of the province In the midstte rovnc cf Sllesia In thed andst of the b.anquet a rude-looking stranger Tived, and demanded to see the Baron. The concierge told him that on account of the joyful event of the day the family had given orders that no visitors should be admitted. The stranger insisted, and the concirge, etting angry, threatened to turn him out by force. At lbength, after a good deal of altercation, the stranger espied largOe bell, and began rmingingit furiously. Tlis drew all the mnhabitants of.the house to the winidows, and the man then cried in a loud yoke that he wanted to see Baron de Seihausen-atthe same timethreatening to ring the bell until his request should be complied with. The concierge at last allowed him to go upstairs to the family, with whom the Baron ws. Stalking into the middle of the room, the man cried out. "M1y name is Bozeluc, and I let out carriages for hire. I have let out carriages to. the Baron de Selhausen, and he owes me 700f. ; but he will never pay me, for he is a swindler, and not a baron at au ! I am not the only. man he hias cheated-tailors, glovers, hotelkeepers, xupholsterers, painters, gilders, all sorts of tradesmen, in fact, have been swindled by him ! Good peple,I added Bozeluc solemnly, turning to the young lls's p.arents, " you had better put off the marriage, for I ell you agai the man is no baron, but a svindler?' - The marriage was postponed, and the soi-disanzt baron was after some explanations, handed over to the custodv of the police, until inquiriei could be made about him. It Was then ascertained that, instead of being a baron and a German, he w.us only-the son of a ruined tradesman of the le de la RIunion (Bourbon) ; that lie had come to Paris to accept a place as clerk in a bank; and that, finding his _aLsq insafficient, he bad taken to swindling, and had carxied it on idth such sklL that he not only made a vast number of dupes, but contrived to gain access to very good society. He has.been tried and. sentenced to two yealrs *imprisonnient and SOf. flne.-aignoani's 3MCSSCngC). £sruisas Iu&Se IoNTRADE.-llhe ironworks gene' rally throughout South Wales are in full employ, not only in the manufacture of rails and bars, but also of pig iron. Large orders for rails have been taken bythose works which ,roll rais, at from 81. lOs. to 91. IOs. per ton, and there is - every appearance of prices holding up. 'Pig iron hase - rienced a slight advance, and the market is stiffer, and as orders are coming in pretty freely a. good trade is autici* pated. The works are in fidI activity, and in.seveiallocali- ties extensions of premises are gvuing on. In one locaEty four new blast furnaces are-about to he erected, and in one - int4nce old works have resumed makirio A QUEEP. FnH.-A coduish' aEut lSlb. -weiaht us canght a. few days ago in Broick-bay, Island of Aran, by Andrewr Hansiton,-a seiaman, a^nt in its gullet XVas fbund sa thickc silver-plated spur with leather skapiiQhed. -This Enusrahly strange circun,^stance h2es excited-no little taroriro siud ercn crstar eaatidr amnorg somne oi eTe nativer.- ~~~~~~~~~~~~~fi -n : ; ,
The NAVAL BXPLOIfrS--f he-fi4LAST -WA.- TO TIHE 1>ITOR OF THE ¶rnIES. Sir,-A correspondent of one of youri contemnporaries. on the 18th inst., charges yon -with an attenmpt 1"to mislead those vho know nothing of nav.al history," and then proceeds to set forth a series of what he calls facts, to slhow how little dependence shouild be placed on what noe Times puts forth as to Admirals having in former wars attacked towns, and single ships batteries, to which yotUr previous leading article had reference. Letthe puiblic judge how far "Fair Play" ansvers to the name he has assumedc "With large fleet off Bastia, not atall a strong place by sea, Neclsous landed 2,000 seamen anld marines and besieged it. He asked for a frigate to silence a battery of two guns. One of 46 gsns was ordered to attempt it, and in balf-an.housr she wvas in flames from red-hot shot, and was destroyed without injuring the battery."-Sce Morning Pos4 Ja.18 This large fleet was a squadron of five sail-of-theline and one frigate. (Schonsberg, page 228.) lNor dsid Nelson comnmand, nor was the vessel burnt an English frigate; nor was, it niore than one of the prizes, temporarily armed and imperfectly manned; nor had it 46 gums. This the following extracts from the Naval CUronide, vol. ii., page 40, denionstrates >- - Lord Iood commenced the siege of Bastia alone. Men, guns, ammunition, and stores of every description were landed, while the ships of tho fleet were jIdiciously atnchored in a semicircular form just out of the reach of the enemy's guns. The Proselyte, French gabalTe, havIng long French 12-pounders, *sas directed to be placed against part of the town whenthe batteries opened their fire, but on getting under way and coming to anchor she swung the wrong way, which prevented Captain Sericold from taking theprecise station thathadbeenalUotted. Theenemyfired nothing but red-hot shot at her, of wvhich several strulck her between wind and water; but Captain Scricold, notwithstanding his danger, continued to keep up an incessant fire with 14 guns upon the town, until the boats of the snualdron took the men out of the ship, whl ich soon w as in a blaze of fire. Captain Nelson, of the Agamemnon, commanded a brigade of seamen on shore." This, Sir, is no specimen of a fair fight between a British frigate and a single battery, exposed as it Was to the fire of the citadel from not getting into the position assigned to it: but here, surely, is an instance of a British Adniral, with a squadron of the fleet under his command, attacking and cap. hiuing witlh his own resources a town and citadel of the enemy, defended by nearly 4,000 troops, while the British force employed at the siege amounted to 1,248 men. The puerile attack upon the town in Martello Bay was at that period of the naval history (1794) before our captains had become accustomed to bringing ships against batteries. This praetice became general in the war of 1802, and never ceased mutil the peace of 1814. " Fair Play " says, "1 Sir James Saumarez never attacked a battery except at Algesiras." " In the month of September, 1803, Sir James Saumarez, havin"- hoisted his flag on board the Cerberns, of 32 guns, Captain Selby, took under his orders the Charwell sloopof-war, with the Terror and Sulphur bombs, and proceeded off Granville, in the pier of which place the enemy had collected a number of gun-vessels. Sir James approached so near the town as to have only 16 feet at low water. A severe bouibardment taught the enemy to respect the British flag." The enemy's works vwere very strong, yet it does not appear our ships received any damage. (Brentrwz's Naral Histor7J, vol. 3. p. 229.) "Fair Play" says, "At Algesiras he attacked three ships assisted by a Spanish battery and he was defeated." A reference to the copy of the plan 1 enclose will show that the Spaniards wrere fourships, defended by six batteries; but it fvonld have been only candid of " Fair Play" to add that Salrumarez wvas neither defeated by the batteries nor the ships, but by the elemnents. "The British ships were thus ennaged for nearly two hours under every disadvantage of cahu, light, and baffling airs, with their heads all round the compass-the boats incessantly employed in towing them so as to bring their broadsides to bear, until called away to assist the Hannibal, now ismovably fixed upon a shoal. The admiral, however, continued the action until lialf-jpast 1 o'clock, w hen, findin" all prospects of success had entirely vanislied, he slowvly ans reluctantly retired." " Fair Play" says, I'Neither Nelson nor Saumarez would risk ships against stone walls." Numberless are the instances of thc ships under their comuand, and those on other stations, attacking and being ordered to attack batteries. " On the 14th of June the Phoebe and Amazon hlving chased two French frigates into Hieres Bay prepared to attack them, and, the batteries being powerful, the Excellent was -directed-by Lord Nelson to support the two British fri .tes."-(VoL 3, page 398.) o much for "Fair Play's" veracity! The Emerald, Pandora, and Drake went in to attack Braamspoint, wlhere there wvas a fort of seven 18-pounders, whicli, after a few broadsides, they silenced and took possession of (page 415). The toln of Havre de Grace and the shipping in the port were bombarded by the squadron under Captain Oliver, of the Mlelpomene (29~7). On the 8th of October C.aptain enniker, one of Sir James Saumarez's squadron, discovered five hnggers with bow gns. These he forced to anchor in the surf under cover of a battery near Cape Grosnez. Captain Henniker came to an anchor with springs on his cables witilii 400 yards of the surf and close to the battery (page 322). At a later period " Captain Usher, having placed Iis own ship, with the Termnagant, within point-blank shot of the Castle of Alnunecar, silenced it in less than an hoiur." (Vol. 5, p. 35.) I could fill your paper with instances of the kind. I do not pretend to know whether the Baltic fleet could have attacked batteries as we di-d during the -war of 1814, but it is not right of " Fair Play" to neg-ative those services because similar services were not performed lately in the Baltic to the same extent. To attack Cronstadt or places of any strength with men-ofwar, when they cannot, for want of adequate depth of water, get vwithin point-blank shot, is an abs-urdity; but until rockets or inflammable missiles, incapable of being extinguished by water, are enabled with certainty to be thrown on board of a ship, no men in a battery, in my humble opinion, can stand at their guns against a man-of-war when that ship can be brought within anything like musket-shot of them. It is well known to officers formerly of the Victory, and now living, that Sir James Satumarez did not turn from the attack on Port Baltic from any fear on his part of the batteries or doubts of success, had his desire to attack the fleet lying there been supported; and his not having done so should, therefore, not be adduced to prop up this newtheory, that our ships of warare not to attack batteries. Indebted as the navy is to you for many instances of generous support, I regret that an attempt to misrepresent you by one of our profession should have been made, and you will be adding to former obligations by placing in a truie liaht before the country the services of its distinguished defenders wvhich I have shown you have done. I am" Sir, your most obedient servant. ONE OF SIE JAM S SAUREYOS FLAG-LJEUTEN1NITTS.
THE " QUARANTINE BEGULATIONS OF PORTUGAL." TO THE EDITOB OF THE T3IES. Sir,-An accident occurred to the engine of this ship during some very severe weather which she encountered on her passage from Southampton towards Gibraltar, and which obliged her commander (Captain Soy) to put in here for the purpose of getting the injuries repaired. It happened, however, that two days before her arrival here, viz., on the 5th inst., a passenger died on board from a sore throat. On letting go the anchor off Belem Castle the health boat came alongside, and on being informed of the circumstance immediately placed the ship, with her India mail, 116 passengers, 250,0001. of specie, and a large, valuable, and important cargo for India, China, and Egypt, in quarantine, by which measure the repairs of the ship were prevented from heing immediately commenced -and a most unnecessary and vexatious detcntion ensued. Hadthere been anything lie an infectious or contagioiis disorder on board, had this gentleman died of any disease wMich by possibility could have been construed into an infectious one, there would have been an apparent reason forthis arbitrary proceeding; bntneitherof these reasons presenting themselves, noranycausebeing assigned excepting, indeed, the " rules of the port"-framed, probably, tw,o centures ago,-it does seem, in the riresent advanced and go a-head state of science and civilization, to bce one of those systems which should now be considered obsolete, and which, by being extposed in thopowerful columns of 27ec Tinnets, may reach the common sense of the- Portuguese authorities. I remember when the expedition first went to the. Bosphorus the samevexatios system existed at theDardanelles: but what was done then? The allies insisted;- on its he'abolished, or what serious and disastrous detentions woula have occurred! Why cannot our Govermment, under its present energetic leader, demand from this country a corresponding disposition to cease to tlrow unnecessary impediments in the way of progress, whether of a warlike or civil nature ? You can, Sir, through your veighty and influential piper. produce reform, when it'is cleirly needed, in almost every existing institution, and why not in this 9 lam., Sir, yobr obedient servant. AN OBSERVEPR Trmr( aw r - ard. Oriental -Company's stenichipBikea, - lisbcon, Jw- *2 . Li ~~ t 1
,.c.- . _ . U ZPITY. IN!PJ3LLI.G,E2 CE. . FORi -JN. 24. Ina COheOation helditbis day it 10 o?clock the follow. ing degpres were conferred:-- Rev. Henry H. Winwood, Exeter. Francis H. Curtis, Merton. Rev. Aitlur Law Hussey, Richard Eliot (student), Christ Church. William B. Beaumont (student), Thomas H. Pain, Brasenose. Rev. Joseph Bowstead (taberdar), Queen's. Rev. Archer a am. Rev. EbenezerW. Edwards(scholar, Jesus. Rev. Augustus J. Pearman, Pembrolke. B.A. Rev. JobnTroutbeck, University. Francis H. Beaumont, Oriel. William Morrison, ChristChurch. Wiliam W. Capes (taberdar), Queen's. The Camden Professor of Ancient listory will begin on Tuesdaynext, at 1 o'clock, a course of lectures on Athens in the time of Socrates. The lectures will be delivered in the dining-hall of St. Alban's Hall on Tuesdayo, Thursdays, and Saturdays, and are free of admission to members of *the Universt. The Sedleian Professor of Natural Philosophy (Mr. Price) wiiu commence a course of lectures on Analytical Mechanics, in the the public Lecture-room at the Clarendon, at 1 o'clock, on Saturday, February 2. The lectures will be continued at the same hour on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays. The Deputy Reader in Geology (Mr. Philips) proposes to cormence a course of lectures on the effects of the Internal Heat of the Globe, as exemplified in the fusion of granite, and other rocks, and in the metamorphism of the adjacent strata. The lectures will be delivered on Tuesdays and Thursdays, at 2y.m., in the Clarendon, commencing with Tuesday, Feb. o. The Regius Professor of Physic (Dr. Ogle) will commenec a course of lectures on Anatomy and Physiology on Wednesday, the 30th of January, at 1 o'clock. The Deputy Reader in Mineralogy (Mr. Storey-INaskelyne) will give two courses of lectures during the present tern. One course, at the Aslimolean iMuseum, on Tuesdays and Thursdtays, at 1 o'clock, will have for its subject the Princi-. p1cs of Mineral Chymistry; and the other course will be given in the Clarendon, on Mondays and Fridays, at the same hour, on the Use of the Blowpipe. The folmer courso will cimmence on Tuesday, the 29th inst., and the latter on Monday, the 4th of February. The laboratory under the Ashmolean Museum asilee opln for practical instruction in Chymistry on Mfonday thef th inst. The laboratory hours wrill be from 10 to o daily, Saturdays excepted. Mr. MLaskelyne will give a course of experimental letrsin eh laboratory, and requests that tho.o wiho wiLsh to attend thlem wrill call on him at his lodging;sinteeoAshmnolean Museeum as early as possible. the Examiners in the Second School of LitereuEumaniores have given notice that candidates for classes vill at the next examination be allowed (as at the last) to bring up their divinity separately from their other work.
27&c BISHOP of EXETERP and Dr. LUSHINGTON. TO TflE EDITOR OF Tfl TIMES. Sir,-As " D. C. L." challenges use to the short issue of "a single instance," I must beg leave for a few last words. They shall not be many. I plead not gauilty to inconsistency. "ID. C. L." got upon the doctrine of " oblation," " transubstantiation," and the " real presence"-in not an over-reverent mood-and while I felt that his inevitable risk would be to involve these too solemn subjects for a newspaper, I deprecated their discussion in your columns, and avoided it. The one point to which I confined myself was the question of fact about the nibric, which is the law of the land, and the impossible construction which "I D. C. L" has given it. The question before us is not usage. "ID. C. L" himselfo in his firstletter, has not hung Iis.casc upon that issue. He. professes to accept the rnbric, irhile he construes it to mueet his particular view, which only happens to be supported by custom. But custom is not law. Even Dr. Lushington has ruled that custom "cannot contravene or prevail against positive law, thoug-h, where doubt exists, it might turn the balance." But this is a case without doubt.; Without doubt, the "priest," and none other, is to "place" the bread and wine. Without doubt, it is a priestly act, to be done in the face of the people, after the offertory sentences are concluded, and just before the church militant prayer is said. Without doubt, the place of the rubric, and the words of the rabric assert this as plainly as any direction or any subject can assert anything. And that is my whole case. And nowI am challenged to prodisce one single instance of a priest observing the law from 1602 to 1832. It is not easy to discover the practice of individuals who lived out of one's own age. But I assert this. I assert that all the divines who were parties to the enactment of this law-who framed this rabric on a deep, definite, and important principle-that all those divines did, themselves, observe the law which they framed; and the onus is on "D. C. L." to prove the contrary. That the disuse of the practice took- deep root from the fifth year of Edward VI. is true; and niot less true that, obliterating the notion of the Christian sacrHfice from the minds both of priests and people, it has prevailed, with but partial exceptions, torecenttimes, even in direct disobedience of the law. But the fact remaiLs thiat the disuse was and is in contravention of the law; and, the law being built upon the assertion of a doctrine, it has only naturally come to pass that the non-reception of the doctrine has led to the non-observance of the law. And the whole objection to our practice now is to the doctrine which it involves. The credence table, which, however, is not the "newfangled foppery" by which "D). C. L's" taste is pleased to describe it, is a mere subteifuge. It is sheerdishonesty to pretend that wve are not keepihn the law. The non-jurors, (and they were between 1662 and 1832), of whom Bishop Hickes and Mr. Brett were honoured examples, were careful in this matter to keep the law, because they believed the doctine; and hundreds of the clergy since 1832 have learnt to believe the doctrine, and they, too, keep the law. I wronder whether "1D.0.IL" will insist upon p ews five feet higbh and a sitting posture for prayer on to thie end of time, because they have beenthe '"custosnf' in this church of England, and worship in public and kneeling in worship had actually become the exception, not the nsle. Yours faihfullhele JAYIES SKT\ERk I St. Barnabas Parsonage, Jan. 24.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TI.ES. Sir,-I stated in my first letter that my knowledge of the Bishop of Exeter's reply to Dr. Lushington was from extracts in an evening paper. j had not heard of its being separately published. I have now obtained a copy, and hasten to say that in two points I find that the tenour ef those extracts had led me into error. I see that the bishop did take notice of the foreign derivation of the word credence-credentia; and also that the parenthesis in the Rubric was more distinctly marked as an addition of his own than it was represented in the extract which I copied. Neither of these errors has any effect on the argument or conclusions, butitis due tothe bishop as well asyourreaders that Ishould hasten to acknowledge them. D. C. L.
ON THE LATE EXAMINATION IN THE MATHE- A ATICAL SCHOOLS AT OXFORD. TO THE EDITOOROF TIE TIMES. Sir,-In the University intelligence of this day's TiNzes appears a letter from MWr. Ashpitel, oneof the Mathematical Examiners, in reply to a letter of mine which was written to disappointed candidate, and was published in ITe Timws last December. Why Mr. Ashpitel, or the correspondent who sent the letter to your papr, should think that allusion was made by me to Mr. pitel especially, I do not Imow. He is neither senior nor junior examirner. I did not intend to allude to hbi more than to his colleagues. He however, has replied to my letter, and in his reply has brought grave charges against me. I have *joined -and my rejoinder has been circulated in Oxford-and may *be obtained of Messrs. Parker, booksellers, Oxford and Iondon. The question is one nor of great public importance; for when examinations, both competitive, andas tests of qualification are being introduced into all branebes of the Pu lec service, -it is necessary that the result of them should merit public confidence. -* I am, Sir. voar obediemt servant. BARTHOLOMEW PRICE. M.A. i 'embroke Uollege, Oxford, Jan. 23.
THE IYD A SCHOQ4 OF I .CQA.ND. The first reformatory1 or industrial school in &tofianudl was established in t.i'city of Aberdeen in tPe year 1842. It originated iP. these circunistances :-A rDor ragged boy knocked At theo dooreof ~Sheriff; Watson!s ' d;ose,'buegging for bread. The Sheriff hauened to be gingiout, and thus,. mecting the boy, gave bins, a free ticket to attend one of the city schools. The boy accepted the ticket with evident feelings of disappointment, and as he turned away the Sheriff said to himself, "H e asked me for bread, and I Rlave iven him a'stone." In tbis-thought lay the germ of the industrial feeding schools of Scotland. The Sheriff, in expressing it to a few friends, suggested that the Provost should bo requested to call a meeting of the principal citizens- known to sympathize with benevolent and philanthropic objects. The Provost. readilv agreed, and a very 'influential, meeting was, held in the Town-halL Here the Sheriff developed his scheme, and Provost Blailkip and others heartily approved it. The pro'ebf was 'simply to gather into a convenient room a number of the' outcast or destitute children of the city, place them under the care of a mnastr, wvho would see to their being well trained and substantially fed. The routine of.the school was something like this-r the morlning hair-teasing. netmaking, nud other simple Labour, so as to create the mdustrial habit; at 9 o'clock breakfast, consisting of the ordinary diet, porridge and milk; in the forcnoon, reading, writing, and arithmetic, with occasional relaxation of labour and recreation out of doors ; diuier at 2, and an hour's play, then education and work until 7, when supper was to be servedand the boys were disnissed for the night. The committee of management were funiished with accommodation and food for the boys in the convenient premises occupied by the directors of the House of Refuge, who agreed to feed the children for 6tb a- year for each boy. In the cournse of a month 50 children were in attendance and mado encouraging progress. The proceeds of their labour paid for about a thlrd of the cost of keeping them, and benevolence suppled the other three-. fourths of the expense. But while the experiment was thus far successful, it vas found that no sensible impression had been made on the Juvenile beggigcommunity. The superintendent of police was directe4 to ascertain as far as possible the number of children who lived by beggingand stealing in the city. His return showed that there were at present 300 of this character. It was then resolved by the committee of the industrial school to open a reformatory for this vagrant class. The local olice act camie most opportunely to their aid. It was found to contain a clause, in virtue of whichthe commissioners of police night authorize their officers to remove children found begging, either to the industrial school, or take them to their parents to bo kept at home. This provision was put in force, and on the l1th of MaEy 1845, 75 vagrant and destitute children were gathered hy the peice into the premises occupied in winter as a public so-kitchen, where they were literally stripped, washed, and thlen fed. Durinttlieprogress of this rather smunam y course of initiation t door of the school was besieged by some of the parents and friends of the children, who imagined tha.t they were not among their friends, but in the afternoon, when they were admitted to see their children, such was the improvement that had been made on them that in some instances they were not at first recog'nized. The details of management here were the same as in the other school, and the progress no less satisfactory. The directors report that durmg the first year 159 children were admitted, both boys and gis, of whom 18 were dismissed as Improper objects of the charity, 26 got employment in public works, or as apprentices to various trades; seven were removed to other educational institutions, and 74 remained on the roll, of whom only four could read or write. Separate apartmentswero provided for the boys and the girls, and industrial occupation given to both. The directors, in presenting the balance-shect at the end of the third year's. experience of this school, say, "Taking tho average daily attendance as in the report, the expentse for the Lat year was 41. 8s. foreach child per year, beinig lessthan 3d. each per day." The clothing was for the most part supplied by the parents and friends of the ehildren, and otherwise by the cast-off apparel of well-to-do famiies in the city, made up for the youths by themselves, under tho matron in the girls' school, and under the master, who employed tailors or shoemakers for the clothing of the bo'Ko schools of a precisely similar character were opened for girls, destitution being the primary condition of admnission. They were soon well attended, and, witlh the other schools, provided education, food, and industrial occupation for 300 children in the year 1848. The directors of the Juvenile Schools of Indusry published a general report in 1848, in which they reviewved the operations of the system of industrial training as seen in its efects on juvenile crime and vagrancy in the city and coulty of Aberdeen. Taking the criminal statistics of the prisons of the city, they show that, "an influence Was clearly operating to prevent crimc, inasmuch, as the committas for the first time (which are chiefly of. young persons) had decreased from a total of 430 to 359, while the old offenders increased, "as if," continue the directors, "to show how hopeless is the present system of eriminal refornation pursued in our prisons, notwvithstandinig that it has of late men vet nuch improved." At tho close of the Autumn Circuit C'urt of Justiciary for the same year, Lord Mackenzie, one of the criniinal judges, said, I I I know something of the benevolent institutions of Abeldeen. They were established for the purpose of making provision for feeding, clothing, and training those poor creatuhrs whlose poverty makes them liable to fall into crime; and doubtless they have had a great effect in renderin the cases brought before this Court fewer than they ;iould othervwise have been." The chaplain of the prisonsays, "Only four boys, and no girls, under 14 years of age, have been commbed to prison since o enda report. This is the smallest number of juvenile offenders that has been admnitted in any one year for the last seven years. Of these boys, three have been convicted for the first tinse, and one for the fourth time. Noneoftheseboys hadcbeen in iourcrime-iin-the-budnipping industrial schools." Sir Geor-ge Grey, on tIme 0th of June in the year 1848, referring to these results of the industrial school system of training its Aberdeen, said, "His noble friend Lord Ashley had referred to the peculiar facility which a town like Aberdeen afforded for such an undertaking, andparticularly in consequenco of its very excellent police. He had read with the deepest interest an account of the results produced by these schools, w-here a child, when found begging, instead of being taken before a magistrate and sent to prison, wvas at once placed in the apartments connected with the Child's llefue, and this had 'put a stop to juvenile delinquency, and hnd effected great reform in Aberdeen." The superintendent of the county police, in his report for the years 1847 and 1848, shows that tme number of vagrant boys and girls apprehended in the comlity had decreased from 397, in 1842, to G in 1847. " Most of these boys," says the superintendent, Captain Anderson, "were from Aberdeen, and on beinlg returned to the city for the first four years increased the difficulties of the industrial schools. Sow the boys prefer the schools to vagrancy, or are obliged to betake themselves to industrial occupations at home :"- a change," he adds, " that has been brought about by the activity of the rural police and the establishment of the adnmirable industrial schools of Aberdeen." Aboutthis time, also, thelntpeeor of Prisons forScotland,' Mr. Hill, speaks in terms of the highest commendation of these industrial schools, while the governor of the prisons is equally loud in their praise. But the crinminal statistics for the last three years do not present us with such pleasing figures. They show that juvenile delinquency and crime have again considerably increased both in the county and in the city of Aberdeen. Various causes have been assigned for this change, the chief of which seems to be the wanit of some means of Laying hold (f the boys as they come of age, so as to insure the followin,g out a trade and having homes where they might improve themselves and be improved by good example. Withim the last two years severalboys have been tried before the Circuit Court of Justiciary, and sentenced to penal servitude. for a long term of years, who had been educated in oime or other of the industrial schools. In-one instance two lads, brothers, who were excellent scholars, were tried as tlieves and reputed thieves, whose degeneracy was clearly traceable to their being exposed to the crieefostering habits of a bad father. In another case, a most promisin- youth, and at one time a teacher in one of the schools, has become a pest in the city from the immoral influences of a home he wvas obliged to sleep in; and many more cases are on the polee records of the city, all occasioned by the same deficienoy in the system. Among the girls this evil does notprovail; the ladies' committee manage to get situations for them as they come to more mature years, and generallythey do well. But unless a machinery o found to do this good work for boys also, or means provided for their emigration when they cannot be employed at home, the'value of these schools as preventive institutions must and will fahito a low poinlt.
YEAST. TO. TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-IamsorryyourcorresRondent "IL" has notsucceededl in making yeast from the recipe I sent you. I commehieed making it some time hefore, and still continue to do so with entire success. All my bread is raised 'with it, and - few peope hve ine brad hanI hve adefrom the rough wheat meal, which is thde moasntvwholiesoe ofallbead.nh° On looking at the recipe as I sent it you, I thinlk Ipertr nemore with the folleowinrOg adldi.tionalS ilnstruc The vesel it is made in shiould ho a wide, earthenware milk bowl cap7able of holdingabusiqar;ndtemx da evnn,ndhsi oe by letting it stand at a proper disan=cd from thel kithend ftr meie- Iil,suppose that he has done what is require'd on the Monday morning-that is, has boiead two ounces of the best hops in four quarts of water for half an hour and strained it and, when new mik wamand has added asmall handful of salt andfbalf aspund of brown sugar, and that he hasheoat up a pound of he best flour with some of the lqudr, and miixed all well together, and set tbe bowl, as dir ected bythe fire, covered over with a flat dish, where it stands tl CeTd nesday mndin he be' 'ionaly stirred. Now, on Wedc ed r th t e i dtatsore pounds of mashed potatoes, ooledown to te same temperature as the contkuts of the bowL. It isshortlyafter this oddition thathe mayexpectfermentation to commene, andc aitproceedsth mixtire must befrequent-ly stirred tverysoonasoumesthearppeasbceof the finest brown-coloured brewer's yeast, rising to a crfwn. By the Thursday vnn its poerwl be crJIletely established, and ten he may bottle it, stirring it to kan it The i e it wasm;ade in my house the bottas -were cor'ked too soon and too tight, consequently it burst,two of -them..~ luse Seltzers water bottles. Of coiurse, -when.bottled, it must -e put in a cool place to keep it qit, 'When -newly made mere is r-equrdtrasthbed than wheijit has issix oreight weeks old. Itava~poed strotigeriforhbeing kept.: ~ Thle value of this yeast, is that it~ is ecjual to 'any ~of t-he othier peat; ,and can be made N6thout theiir aiOl * .-..: 1 I cms your bede) ? zervant . .; D.,S .
-ALEGRD POISONING AT MANCHESTER: -i hdn Wesday' ia chlojewais' brugit,-befotu the Mancirter magistrates, 'against Jrines Monaghan, zAged 25,' anl twoothersnen, of poisoning 'Monaghan's father, in Augusb last, in order to recover the sum' of 3001. from the Diadem Life Assurance Company under a life policy effected on the old man. It appears that on the 11th of AugLst last 855), John Muonaghlan, au old manr much addicted 'to whisk-y drinking, and who, resided at 11, Hope-street, Chorlton. onWedlock, died, apparently from dysentery. - He left a will, it seems, by which his son,' James Monaghian, became entitled to a sum of 30GI., the amount of an insurance en the old man's life, effected in the office of the Diademn Assurance Company, so recently as the beginning of June last, some two months before the decease of the insured. It seeors that the policy was'not effected by thlpap4ment of a yearly sum, but by monthly payments two of which had been made in the name of John onaghan, but in reality by somo of theI parties charged, each contributing in equal. proportion to the amount requisite for the monthly payment. Very shortly after the pod man's death, his son, JamesXonaghan, as his heir under the will, claimed the payment of the amount insured' on- his father's life. The' company demurred, mado some inquiries, and, their sUspicions being aron4 they udtimately decided on sending a person to Manchester to prosecute a searching investigation ito the circumstances. Accordingly, about a week ago, Mr. Thomas Rogers, solicitor, of Fenchurch-street, London, the legal adviser of the company, sent one of his principal clerks, Mfr. Charles Bradleugh, to Manchester, to make the necessary inquiries. He soon found that there were safficient grounds to warrant the company in resisting tie claim for payment of themoney, intvofalsestatementsmnadebytheeld. man, or on his behalf-one asto his age, he being represented as 10 years younger than he in factwas, and the other a false declaration that at the time of maldng it he was not insured in any other office; the factbeing, thatan insurance had been. then effected, and was in course of paymentj in the office of the Wellington Life Assurance Company: On thcse facts becoming known to the Diadem Company they at once refused to pay the policy; and notice of action was then served upon them, in the name and on behalf of James M1onaghan,-the son, whose claim upon the company for the 3001. stands for trial, in the Court of Exchequer, in the course of next month-February. Now, thns insurance had been effected in Manchester with a person named Edward Dunn, who was then acting as agent and colector in Manchester for the Diadem Assurance Company; andone of the circumstances which served to increase the suspicions already entertained, and to render inquiry more necessary, was that M1r. Bradleugh, on his arrival in Manchester, found that Edward Dunn had committed several frauds, and, among other cases, that he had been charted with misappropriating a check for 15L 4s. 9d., being the balance upon a policy of assurance on the life of a man named Irving, and which had been sent to Dunn topay to Ivinr s widow. On the last examination of Dunn before tre magistrates at the City Police Court Mr. Bradleugh appeared for the company, and prcssed for tha committal of Dunn, under the act 7th and 8th of George IV. chap. 39,the act under which Strahan, Paul, and Bates, the london bankers, were proceededagainst. Dunn wasaccordinglycommittedfor trialatthesessions, ona charge of misdemeanour punishable with tran rtation. Mr. Bent applied for his being adnmitted to ail,; but it being stated on behalf of the society that he was suspected of other defalcations, Mr. Muade refused to grant the application at that time, but ganted permission for the application to be repeated on Tl esday, the 29th inst., when it would be granted, unless evidence of other cases of defalcation should be produced. Mr. Bradleugh, in thIe course of his inquiries, in which he was aided by Superintendent Leary, of the C division of the city plice, in the course of Tuesday last ascertained some fres facts of so grave a character as to authorize him to give directions for the oapprcehension of the son, James Monaghan, of a man named George Barry, and of a Mr. Thomas Bul Holland, practising as a surgeon, at 101, Greengate, Salford. SrqperintendentIeary-apprehended Barry at a clothier's stall in bimithlield-market, where lie is employed as a salesman; and Monaghan at a house inBrookstreet, not his own dwelling, but a private house where he frneantly goes. The prisoners at the bar were James Monaghian (as above stated), a tall, thin, bald man, of middle age, dressed in imcrring; George Barry, a younger man, of low stature, ,a slop salesman; and Mr. Thomas Bull Hollald, surgeon, a tall, stout person of middle age. The other man implicated in the charge was Edward Dunn; but, inasuruch as he is a prisoner in the City Gaol, he could not be brought up on this charge except by a writ of huacas corpits. Mr. Bradleugr, wvho conducted the case for the prosecution, having satisfied hinself that he could not justly include Mr.. 1B. Holland in tIre charge, applied to the Court that he might be discharged from custody, and allowed to give evidence in this case. This application was granted, and 'Mr. Holland was transfcrred from the dock to the witness-box. Mr. Bradleugh then stated the nature of the charge against the two remaining prisoners at the bar, and against Eduard Dunn (in the City Gaol)-namely, that Monaghan and Dumn were charged as principals, and Barry as an accessory, both before and after the fact, with the murder of John Monaghan, thefatherof theprisonerJamesMonaghan, by administering to him a certain poison-namely, sugar of lead, or acetate of lead. On the paltthe prosecution he alleged thatthey hd combined to insure the man's life, intending to kill him as soon as possible, and go off to Aistralia as soon as they got the insurance money. lr. Bradlengh briefly stated the facts given above, and then added thtat he shold cal Mr. HoDland as a witness, and he trusted his evidence would disclose sufficient to wvarrant the bench in remanding the prisoners, so as to allow further time for thoprosecEation of the inquiry audthe obtaining of further evidence. Convesations andevents to which the witness woulld speak, taken as having oecurred before the old man's death, as he beieved he should ultimately be able to prove they did, rould, he thought, he snfficient evidenoc of the intention he had iputed to th o prisonrs to justify their remand. From tire statement made, it wrould appear that tIre old man Miousphan had the sugar of leadgivenhisa in some whiskey, of which liquor he w.as in the habit of drinking considerable quantities- and the nature of the defence to be set up on behalf of some of tire prisoners is, that he was sufferng from dysentery, and that the sugar of lead was given him as a recognized remedial agent in the treatment of that complaint. 'However, the exact circumstances under which the poison was given were not stated, for the rehaou that, the case not being conipleted, all that was nlow sought was to make out such a case of suspicion against the prisoners as would warrant their being remanded to a future day. It is said, liowever, that the poison was administered in repeated doses, always in whiskly, in which lquor the acetate of lead is colourless, though a solution in water becomes turbid and milky. During the illness of the old man-for he is said to have had an attack of dysentery-we are informed he was ' attended as a pauper by Mr. Jobm Hatton, surgeon, Oxfordroad, as medical officer of the Chorlton Union. Mr. Ferniley, barrister, appeared on behalf of the prisoner Mlonaghan,d also watched the case for Dunn; and Mr. Bent, solcitor, for the prisoner Barry The only witness called eitler for the prosecution or the defence was Mr. Thomas Bull Holland; who was examined in chief by Mr. Bradleigh at great length. He gave his answers with some hesitation, and many of his replies to questions amounted to " I do not recollect," or "I cannot remember" The following is the substanceof his evidence, as taken down by Mr. Higson, clerk to the justices, in court, in the presence of the prisoners:- Thomas Bull Holland.-I reside at No. 101, Greengate, in Salford, and am a surpeon practising there. I Imow a man named Edward Dunn. I first became acquainted with him about tire month of May last. The first time I saw the prisoner James Monaghan wouldbe iithe month of Scpterber last. It was in the Manchester autumn race weelI next saw him in company -with Dunn at the Rolla publichouse, ColEier-street,Salford. There was no one else present. I met Monaghanand Dunnnin the street, and tIre latter asked me togoandhavesaglass of porter. When irst Isaw MSoneghan in September, he called at my house, in company with his cousin, Sarah Mlonaghan, and requested me to examine her with the view to an insurance upon her life in the Diadem Life Assurance Company. Edward Denn accompanied them and introduced them to in. 1 knew Dunn to be the agent of the office. The first time I saw the prisoner George Barrywas athis own housein Tib-street, in Manchester, about tbreemonths ago. Invas accompanied by Dunn. We walked thence to a publichouse in the neighbourhGod. On our way we caUled at Mona"hau's house, and he accompanied us to tIre publichouse. When there, a conversation took place respecting the payment of a poicy of assurance which had been effected upon the life of Jelm onaO"han with the Diadem-office. I believe Dnnn said they had not got the money. Mo0naghatn said, "I thinmL we shall have it; the company will lose." I told them Mr. Angus, thre secretary of the office, was over, and had told me that they w ere gobng to put the case into the hands of their solicitor. I believe I was the first who mentioned Mr. Ans' name. I do not remember that Barry put any question to Dunn or Monaghan. He expressed an opinion that the money would be got. I stated thatI thought they would not get it from what Mr. Angus said to me. Dann said in the course of conversation, "We three (meaning himself, Monaghan, and Barry) shall divide the money, when we get it." I do not remember that any other conversation took place than what I have stated. %Vhen I was in company with Dunn and Monaghan at the Rolla publichouse, as before stated, a conversation took lace about the policy. Dunn mentioned to me, in 31nsg-ana's presence, that a policy hadbeen effected upon old Mrr. 31onaghan's life; that he was dead; that the office refused to give themoney up, and that the age had been stated in the Pirayer-book 49 instead of 59. Both parties expressed an opinion that they should be able to get the money. Dunn and Barry were at my house one Sunday afternoon-I believe in the month. of September. It wold he after the Antumni races. We had some whisky to drink. I was during that tine mixing up a lotion containing liquor of lead. D31lunn said, "That's a curionismixture; howis-it thatit'smilLyP' Isnid, "When it is mined with water it goes that wriy; thiat 'it w-as a poison, and therefore I labelled it 'poison."' Dunn asked if it was milky wifh any other fLmd? I said, "- It is not generally so in spiritous liquors." Dunn remarked that 'e-had had a glassof whisky almost siniilar to that at old Monaghan's house. Dunn asked me, "If a little lead were put in the whisky would it be the same colour as if mixed with water?' Isaid, "No; it would be colourless." Barry was sitting near the fire, smoking, and did not apear to take any notice. I scarcely think Barrycould hearwhat wve said, as we spoke low. I did not notice hin, -He was looling towards the fire. He was about six feet from us. E the latter part of the year, after I saw' Dunn and Monaghan at the *Rolla, they called upon - me at my house. It was in the aftermoon. We had soume whisky- together in my sitting-room. We, had a winegLass each. Ifonaghan -and Dunn drank their glass. I 'did not drink the Whole ,of mine. 'On recollection, we were in the surgery. We walked from the sitting-room 'to the surgery, -where the glasses waero. I drank the whole of mn 4hisky, nless it was a little which was rinsed out. I eve I threw it away, ecausc it containul ' fev grains of acetate of lead. I had ut thei' in with a spatuila, just to show the diffeiecne of the' colour between: mixing it with water and with 'yit jThe witness~ 'seemed to 'give this' pocrtion of his evidence, as to the second miretitig in his suirgery'wrhan Barry waSs 'prceuet, with great reluctancer. IAfter giv,ing the accbuit so Arr5h titice wcnt'bntck, arigd denied what he had said took plnco on this occasion, sying helhad ten ken, and thought it mut have occurred at t!1 istintervlew, when-ames Mon was prltimiately he re-aserted it all, and, when it was read over by the clerk of then courti, 'sud it WAS correct.] Iai said he had whisky .with old John .Monaghaii.. siilaa to that w. e were drinking. Old John Monadhaflr was dead at this time. Hoe died in .August. 1 nerer' sawv the prisoiien onlaghan until after the old min's death.. He Was his son. Dunn stated that the old man had drink a great deal o£ whisky, and that that was the cause of his death. Du said that old Monaghan had taken m quntities of acetate. of lead in his whLsky. He then asked me what is *asfor, and I told him it was sometimes given in ci8e of dysentery, in verysmall doses. I said it should not bo avem to any man vithout medical advice, as it was poison. I him it would take tt the least a scruple to half a drac' to produco death. He aiked me where it could be got fron. I said I got mine at Peatson's, in Broughton-road, and he asked me if he could get it there as he was psssgto So t a place called Barlows. I didnotknow whathe wnfedit. for then This was after old Monagha's death. 3 was in the surgery when the above conversation withDem took place; but do not think he heard it, as we spoke in an under tone. We were standing at the counter, with our backs to Monaghan, who was sitting near the &replace, about six feet from us. Talang into consideration the tone of voice in which we spoke and the situation of 3Monaghan, I do not think it was possible for him to hear the conversation between Dnnn and myse I1 first heard of old Monaghan from his son. He told me he had died of dysentery. He came dressed in blackl Dann was with him. M1onaghan said that Mr. Hatton, the surgeon, had attended bmn. He said a glass ef whisky had been given to him in his bedroom, which Dunn assented to. In Ic4ember last I went to cal stpon Dunn at his house in Chadwickstreet. I found 3fonagban and Dunn together. Mfter some. time we left the house together, and as we were wallcing u-p Water-street together Monaghan said, 'When we get thfs. money we will go to Dablin together," and they askedmeif I would go with them 7 I LAughed, and said they would not. be able to gettlie money, Ithought. One Sunday evening, about six weeks or two months ago, I was with Barry 'at a. publichouse-the Oxford Ta,vern, in Oxford-road. In. the course of conversation he said old Monaghan had been rking a great deal of whislky. He asked ne if a great deal of whisky would cause death, and I said it, would. In the course of the exanination of the witness, which occupied several hours, Mr. Bradleugh sed to t into ihis habds a don ment. for the puroseo?r shing i memory. Mr. tern ey took objection to this course; and,after somoargument, Mr. Bradlengh said it would perhaps not be well for him. to press that part of the maltr at allithen. ar. Fe yurgedttthere was rot safficient evidenceto aran th bac t deaiin hi ciet,who had been completely taken by SurprisE bgthe suddenness of hi- appre-. Mr. Bent said, that a positive injustice would be done byremanding his client, Bary, who had never been acquainted. with Mr. holland, tle surgeon, until a considerable timeafter the death of the old man. The magistrates then retired with Mr. Hligson, theirclerk, and they were absent about a quarter of an hour. On their return, Mr. Rickards said, they had given the case their most; mature consideration, and the result of that consideration. vvas that thev conceived there was a great amount of suspicion attaching to the death of this old man,-quiteIsu!. acient to require a further and more close and sescig~ investigation, and they therefore remanded the prisoners for Mr. Bent and Mr. Fernley then applied that the prisoners might be admitted to bail; and the magistrates postponed the consideration of the question to nl o'clock yesterday morning. Mr. Biradlengh asked if Mr. HXolland could be detained in custody? buttheproosaiwas resisted on the ground that Mr. Hollad hatt been discharged from custody at the instance of Mr. Bradleugh; and the witness promnising to' appear next Wednesday morning wvas allowved to leave tho Court. It is necessary to remark in conclusion, that the conversations spoken to by Mr. Holland, and which he says occurred after the death of the old man, are only inteligiblc on the. hypothesis of the proscutiDg solitor, thaii they occurred before John Moua. u' den Yesterday morning the application was rcnewed for admitting the prisoners to baiL but the magistrates, without. hearing MUr. Bradleugh, said the charge was one of too. grave a nature to justify them in permitting the liberation of the prisoners, and again remanded them.
"PALMAJI QUI MERUIT FERAT." TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIIES. Sir,-I observed in ile Tbies a few days ago that Sir James Simpson had received permission to accept from the Sultanthe Orderof the Medjidie. Immediately after the fall of Sebastopol Sir James Simpson was made a G.C.B.; and, besides a jewelled sword from the Sultan and a Cordon from the Sardinian Government, receivedfromthe Emperor of the French the Grand Cordon of thelegion d'Honneur. What is the objc $t of the foregoing recital? It isthis --I wish to draw attention to the only possiblereasonwhy the swordwas sent and these decorations awarded to Sir James. It was for thefallof SebastopoL -NootherclaimhadSirJamesSimpson. He, happening fortuitously to be at that period at the head of the Crimean arny, reapedthe reward of being in such a position at the crowning feature of a campaign marked by severe toil, danger, priv.tion, and disease. But while Sir James, for being present at this succesful fmale-namely, the occupation of the long-desired south side of Sebastopolis decorated and rewvarded in every possible manner, where are the decorations and rewards to those by whom this end was achieved? Vhy are not similar decorations given with no sparing hand to the rest of the officers of tie Crimean anny? Boxes filled with the Order of the Medjidie have long been, and are now, with Lord Stratford de Redchiffe. Lord Raglan refused the decoration of the Medjidie when it was sent up to Head-quarters in the Crimea, much to the amoyance of his staf, to whom of course it would also have been given; but as Sir James has thoght fit to accept it, why should not the army lik-ewise participate in the insignia of the Sultan's gratitude for services done ? And now a few words regarding the Legion c' Honneur. The Emperor Napoleon, with that grace and good feeling towards British officers which have ever distinguished him, long cre the idea emanated of decorating with the Crimean medal the French army, signified his wish that the decoration of tLa Legion d' Honneur should be given iberallytotheEnglish. Whatistobetheresult}? Instead of advantage being taken of this liberal offer, the latest letters from the Crimea state, in terms of muneasured disappointment, that, from each regiment, fivo subalterns at most are to be selected, and that for the whole of the officers.of the British Crimean army above the rank of majoz 25 decorations of the Legion d' Houneur only are to be awarded by our Government as the iaxtimum by them recommended for such honour. Does this arise from fear of makdng such distinction too :comnon that the Emperor's primary liberal intention is thus narrowed? Througholut France by hundreds is this decoration worn, nor is it from this causo less prized or respected. Let it be rem emnbered this is the only chance of such reward falling to the lot of British officers, and the plurality of the decoration would in a few years subside by the sithe of that conqueror who also numbers his ranks by legions-viz., death. Little difficulty is there in selectingwho ought to receive it. let it be given to those who, in action or the trenchles, have been snder fire; those who have not cannot justlymurmnWat not receivig it. It has lately been given to the Duke of Cambridge, who, wvith his aides-de-camp, served the caxly part of the Crimean campaign with the French. Others like himself '"sought the bubble reputation een inthe cannon's mouth,"' risked their lives, their fortunes-all, to fulfil their-dutyand look to these rewards and decorations as repaying them for what they have gone through, honourable arks as they are of recognzied service and meed of approbation of duty done. Strange would it be if commanding officers of regiments should not feel mortified to find themselves (aswould be the case in many instances) at the head of their regiments not decorated, while five of their subalterns are in possession of a star which, believe mc, in the eyes of military men holds a higher signifieation and value than the .Sebastopol clasp, which is. to be given to every one-naval and military, comunissariat and clerls-whose foot during the siege has touched the Crimean shore. The Emperor of the French daily pernses, with great attention, the columns of ic Timnes; and as 1, bumble in. dividual that I amn, could not hope any ideas of mine would otherwise reach his Imperial eye, I have penned to you these remarks, in order to point out ere it is too late, how that which was proffered by him, with his usual liberality and kindly spirit, may become, by being sparingly doled out, a fertile source of heartburning and disappointment to the mass of the officers of the British amynayvhohave had the distinguished honour of serving with the French at the great climax of their mutual labours, and would trca. surethe decorationof theLegiond'Honneuras a hcarstirrin souenir of that epoch when the wealth, lifeblood, and chivalry of the two nations, England and Fraisce, were ninglo& together, willing alike to stand and fall in carrying out a principle which was by them deemed imperative to be supported at all hazards for the future w-elfare.aIid tranqmillity of the world. Yours. ICRIMEA.
AnE D ROBBEaY.-At the LiveiToolPolice courtyesterday, a young man, about 22°amnedWilliam Eyrc, and his brother, a youth of 17, were charged wit.h ntteinpting to steal a cashbox, containing about 1,400?., from the shop of Mr. Durandu, bullion-dealer, South Castle>dreet.' From the evidence given it appeared that the two prisone5rs went into the shop m the morning between 9 and 10. o'clc5ck and -asked the boy, the only person then in the shop, if Mr. Da?andcu wos in. Beforetheboy coald replytheelderErisoner strack him on the head -with a gutta percha Iffe-erver, rendering bhmi3nsiensibole. When the boy recovered a litte the younger prisoner, who had hold of his thr6atktlireat. ~ened that it would be the worse for himif he made a nloise, and the other -prisoner said. he would shoot himx' In the mneantime a young man named Tughes had entered the shop with the cashbox, which the prisoncrs tndeavoured to steal, and had becn knocked dowin jie taller risoner with the poker Hughes ws so much hurt that hewas token to the hospitalin a dangerou -atte. The noise made attracteaa person to the shop, and the pisner. wnere' takerinto custody. n Le r- -s w
SALES BY AUCTION. Peelodical Sae: estabbeadbalf-a-century. I11RI G. E. SHUTTLEWVORTH respectfnlly n fostepublietha tthe PARTICULARS of the abore SALE. alppointed to take place on Friday, Feb. 1, are now READY for do- GonuAnefoi~s mature~audof the erg best quality. Forty-one Dozen ofWne,theaining stock of a private cellar. IrSSRS. WOOTDWAD BROTHERS, are fa- v"oured with instructions to oft?efor SALr by AUCTION,at the Mart. THIS DAY, Jan. 25, at I, about 13 dozen of OLD POIfT.- 24 ditto of Pale and Brown Shorsand5iditto of Clare.. Tobhetasted on the morning of sale, aud atajoguss hadatthe.Mast; and of the auctioneers PaLrk-house. Thorehili-road, Islington. liethnal-greeLl-A 10-heore owecr Engine end Roller, Lathies, &C.-To Engineers Smiths. and othies. lA.EDWVARD LUTMLEY will~ SELL byAC 3r..T1ION, at the Yard, 6, Gibraltar-walk, Betnnal-green. THIS DAY. IFtdy Jn 25th, at '12 for l, a new 10horse power STEAMN ENIEedBOILER, tunning lathes, raw bench. iron ovrThead. motion, and a varietyof effects. Way be ijewed, and eataloues ha at MX. uninleys oliroe,67. Chakncery-lane- --Relgate, Suxrrey.-Turnpiko Bond upon hr e oTst lI1SSRS. NASH are directed to SEL5IL by AUC.LYLTION, at the White Hatt Inni, RcLigate, on Monday, January 23, at I for % a PRINCIPAL SUM of £710, being a part of the old loan,secured by bond on the tolls of the Relgate Turnpike-roal. (a grathoronghtare from London to Brighton). P'rinted particulars may he bd at the place of sale: of Rob. L Pearpolnt, Esq. solicitor i Half Mloont-street, Piccadilly, London; and of Mlessrq. 'Joseph a Jehn Nash, land agenta, valuers, and auctioneers Iteigate. The late Dr. Bkocon's Collection of Shells, also a %labinet of Mineral and Fossils. J. C.O STEVENS will SELL by AUCTION IYL.at his great Rtoomi, 38. Ring-street, Covent-pnarden THIS DA?~ 2ath January. atiprelsey, by order of the Administrators, the COL- LECTIO'N of SHELSfomed.by the late Dr. Bacon, cAc",ing many scarce and line specimens, to which is added a cabinet of mintrain- andfoaasls, among which will be found maniy hinteresting and rare exameplem May be viewed the day prior and norming of sale, and catalogues had. ,MESSRS. ROBINSO N and ROBSON ~are iu- IT.structed to SELI~ on the Premilses, 29, Grove-road, St.John'swo W~%ednesday, the 10th inst. at 12, the modern HOUSEHOLD FURI a E; comprising iedste,l,foiiapieede.r robes and othtr bed room articles, drawing room suite, chimneny-glass, console and pier tables, carpetg, a Li-octave cottage pianoforte, dining tables antique sideboard, bookcase chairs A T e furniture to be viewed the dlay previous to the sale, and ;ta-logues heel on the promnises; or of the auctioneers, 28. Margaret-street, Cavendis's-squrer. Anrcient andineaernEnugravs s, OiPaintinga, lVaLtkr-colourDrawi-nge, large Portfolios, with leaves, Ac. HOUsebldGumt onfBRRT woillSL yA C TIomps, aitutheir Roms, Oila, FGee-tet,e Teda avning anARMS 20,1an th Holbowrit eveningsw,at6 aneteniecleto ofanc bfoient an wodenutGIVI(S ay rne n lrd dtogs, eabtlm poretfols lcaredoakho tn.A.Myb iwd and cahelogtes hiaud.o Household Fuedsteade, Sid Pb nfresoeodmoed-e dfi neompases, Picture,ine,ry. n e Lms ag Gass n Waios fecsoprthfromahod nHre-tet ULLOAILEYiby SELL,Oat atheGareat HighnMndy J a 1oo 2.Tomorw,ith11 surplus otheot gand ebefolros a ealanbut sute mYrqEtIDe CeS, booectas,slwidhinga diner teabls, peh-.XC eydestlsdbor,cina,y eletroate o. 25 adoe of Puthrt land-shrerry. tmmedatdeomewinged wuhrardrobs,uarab, vlwrenh, oand heldoxesshenddirc broddie carpets,de iorosae anueprdatewrom of 5 dfte eatures a evee, and catcLyhda amatalogue hd. No.a lwfOdroWeth-ourne-gravehdIvetet MEARILEYwLlFR dowSELLbyAUTIN,AtUCr- Ion. MonSDAY, Ja nst., at 19_ bihyonsent of the Maoritor gagee F0modem-bunl EFAY RfteSIboeNCS rrestwne; opithinga few ar, wth ardns, erydesraby stuae Nading ad 10r, Sthierlandstret, mmelatly oposte uthelan-sqarc iee, Wlwreqisiroed heldnlemase duritre fro Efets the frehlderfo atelredo termof 5a an improvedren at ns iope annuorma. ybuaeviwdb prio ofth GEnats adpRtBIcuaSOha atvGaraSaL's of G.s Hendeso, Req. sOlctor,Mnd-tesacaiet s, 12n T Lesadeham.-s tret and fof the autoeR.. 2A.ChsLEWI-Ste, FinabySqLL,are isHus,.2 Eu. t,serefod-t, Westmouro e-gr6t e, BayOIsaTeRAVoELS Funth Cadogan lace torsehand Farfuets. mmu, fecs MIuELSGRS.WGOLSOD aMITHwilISELL by AU(C IVTION. n h THIeDaYses, 9h Cn.atogabplmrCelsftea, T rDAY thea a FUNIUR andeiFeCTSyo theboe aov te resiencel HOUmOLDn FURI Kicuignaoayfour-post,FecanAababesadad anddis japaneds toienc and teval gassbes, m arble-top -washstandso, maboganewooddrowin, china andrgass,engavns, and . lated ambrtils appnaerosewoodotg pianfort . O vRIew hurda andmrigo sa wle. CatLoge on the CreIses, ando the Iauctioneer,15, Queb. s1oa. Hays-in aner,land sievlu-adeFuniue anSEOD EffecSS, theihief part remve from a6 n7 Hindn-srec Pmanso.ion, ine porishan-St.ueorge. ce~sur, th out o idex lEO eRO INoN repetale SeLLnt, at reis IIoomsin togJe21t Old0 pon-sret onum Thednyop Jan. is , atl 11f or1r the rsdeo termUof 97Uear iwncluing fonpe deay) amntd byther sideboarqs,aseof disnbingtaler1f. byd 0ome ft m,lrge care2ts, chiney glassTes bhook- Itcass ress dinng ltueo. aeundcardtables off c theg adcais rotruimE,chme ofuSheturd, narfe Caboois,gchina gAs,cln utrsisadeffect, atShefreegn, for tery aovndisndryofales t and maps inoo batnkruptcyn Mayel.bonee ThesdaY, paurior. andcta 12hp d atathe CaveNdit-STINGa fCbieretue fth uc £v.L street,bv D To-morro, se..Bth, ntr P Peters,TRAVEolS, ian derAST, 2Jl.; Puycoclk'W AThcroisl Wo-brtkes.2ols.; SernPetes Lelsioand Iotb.; andustcaptadolsews, JanF. 184 Lee, RA. TheSto;nas' Olday Enls ansos ol;Pou'Hhn;CresLf of the lateeo OMnS vqatols. rotheAnion, Aprat1845toMylI S ;LvUCIX augtsltor Bibite, unreolvely.hepaper;ioddsUidge'Us Faiynxpsier, 6xvoUlst conIdichtis,0nol, inldigo lsoe biprose'd rooy alSng'bressingroom sies covidleAteofpLove ustscrpiets;xfr Pockent Csics,w drap-cla.;sandcu- Cadoan- ace.Housholdorniure nd nmeroucoEffectso.-fc thuhal Mdesx Peremises0 SotadoStatn-pnae,thelsrea,tHI DAY, Januaryf25. ath1precisl,therhol of the uae rs.aefultoUSEHOLDy FUM02TUR, includMIn maogny four-pTestay and jasnednFenchy, ches2tof drawers and the 1ma be chamerappnages,o mocwood dawIn rhoo HO Suit rNI A M ones, raetlies hne-lsofsl, e dinngabe mchinogkanyfaedirinngsroomxcairs, winows cuehrtine,Brusselsoan methercarpts bruwigs,ufendersan 45e-irons, fitchenr irequisites, and numerous olreffects.Ma be viewdythers day,preaiu toomand mornsinmgo sale. Carntaoure, onathepeiss andpaed atel O Thes ayctoncis onds da, Pnsreet,woegavse-sqore,th sande2, Hndgcave-ogaes Pinda dic.eaho ValuPdsalIbrx ableashhHos, timei Haindl on-slrein Pmoe leathide-. I-VEMSSW.IPRICKETELL bySONCwIll,SELLtby - -- aov AUCTIOsN, atnteuary3th, onFiay.1 fob, 1, te atUSEinOneLet SIXvauale dEAEHLD OUES bgeing, 1,13tan1ler6land17 Hand'on-bestread mts. inte ais f tGer E. lnvrssu.i thie cmty ofsei;dmcssxngt letobespetsodablertnat, atrenms aahoganyn tongethe drtob£150perannum Thewinpropert isheld forth resdu- o temahof97 era ofwantingone daye, rlcant nedyth,eoulaten Marusyo Wetmnser. and(omnigfo h it ue 7 h hl preexemsisespl Stockthe reospeciv tessnrs Vand foram further, boosetlaerst M.ipigsolicior,-hMaid.to.ne; tMesses BowerdSn.anCot. soictos 40.ms Cacerylner (whoreet-theletases maynemilnsetd. T nd to) esrs Ja icet and San,e aouctioneeras undraluerscd, 4, orthdperno bhetidings. Chanc xerylnsie.and H wgeatse.Mdedes C o md BOOSehet of fsctuiVartye gn Oenuin Propeertyosh latepuGeorge of Yres-dence, a Shelfod, fomr tghemonenien c ofsl,t the belt Rnoomr biatthions iHsttedlboonusda,Jnay2, ates t1n pwnrtually., = innSiSrooocal anof Cabinetdictu vreslofrte Dnso tcb nJehoad ipol,byd. Tenhers bos elc, entarveutnr Pe tmters.eAworld,an dlumeer, Jer-boysne, W.n Miers, Sgervicems inga SiariPeter toir,tand oitthers;maindearcaptaleworkarbyuF.tH.nle, HAoThestoneapparayt Aaidensmy;and ao fe chtoegaings,oku tamltlsongsthwhich acptre--h 'prints, byintsofnatuml Sir .strange. do., May bhe vieethog daypl elosWes and cons gtheTorn bof sale.e,ndcatalogues wl be forwrde on Sappflica ti.,onto Mel ssr rinu 7AndBasinter,aslctos eto the eacto3rs Hof helatei or. Teiserorto theauctioaneers,cambridgset. 1)LUM~ER and SNWml S0ELb ACIN A at the Kin~s Head.Hotel,Hordbam,byodrfthPrpior on Wednesday, I ebruary 13. at 122 for 1,vaubeFtHODC y lholdl, and L,easehold ESTATES, comprislag thul'tnrfHwls mansion-house, offices, and land, a mesug,bidns n,ln d jominin,- containing about IS akcres, ntetw fHrhm n h follUouirg v'ery denimble Farms, inxlts I -llt' n teSed farms, in the patrish of Nuthuret, contininabont lla, ft6 Obl' F'arini the parish of Holney, about 41a. Ir.I7p.; Henr es'Fm and windil, in the parialof ShilVey, about 49a. IrloBu ton's Place Shren, in the parishes of N estGrinstead and Shipsabu I0la. 2r. lIp. ; and the following" ina the parish of Hrhm:.Wit' B3ridge Fatrm, contains about 47a. 2r. lap.; Rape Laud Fr.about 41s. 3r. 200.;North Heath Farm, about non. Sr. 120-; M.ilward'sFarm Ivyedl, aoout Is. Dr. 10p. Hawkes Bourn and OldiPanrk Farm-, about 341a. 3r. 27p.; Chann~21si-brooks, Spanner's-wood, aud the Star Meadow, about -52a. Ir, Op.; 13ureUll' Meadow containing about] In.Ir.IS.: tarPit, bou O. I. O.;anMios,Cotg,ad Small. PHI-leo LIt adPI"eg toxv anone ta e w 3/ E..v SELL byACIN.a i redRos AUew aim-fot, s eavedwcr brA.iatpeay Engtlian Sa-prt yiIlebak , Rie cee M a LIPS; iasm 11ricted toip BE, *Wb* VAUdCed; TeIONet; Ineio rea.oas N) enwr Bodstet on oa Gcan Gaefltu le moerPresel tIna anLL llTION of SPITRing aond itr s P. de Hoothe Weveralsnhol V. dncent Capelad o*nrh - ThMniens p Vaie ndderlexmlet bcilks. Xoe±. Cl. andet Brlerenbusg Grcuri Matry be Tiewed onSaturday anond Koay p rrecenjlosJe t f Smalm Servicue,o Pltec faBa and Pltdhae itm of Jeeker, DrPaentSsiao.- watr ehs, few1 Stooks,f Conferticeryand es. hue ROBR T HLLP RRIDw SELL by hUisO Roo Gr atMarboro tst et,uMnasnda)vantr28a4t3hLor bleiouteie seDveral dres3Ing-caes wOnithsiletingsO 0,Cr. inisinaa 01rt fandfmcy table,appendaets, chiadmboes. and erao glamps, boots tant chants, and leathellanies Mayrl beritweg tahe, dayprelou tno ther sae ade caaoguest thench bad. Aba edw n edn,-d A ollEcto a fcetand c Modern Pur cture s and a Water.coload krtwh leos ftigs, byoc ofnglsh ardists. t. aeiewodorestuSew Bond-staetln usay a amaeurfro th seera analsof ncint f Std ohers Reletert rmThe English school inluingwrds b ainersom ihrpc The acien pictresiclod andaplell: R. MrtiF Teler BUT N - BoSnLeber`C J. TItOmato hiskoonubo3,Bodway Lugaeahi RanTte May boiwdStra n atnd n pevious,. 0 ltgo wate Macines mal Stckof lorcioneris, andery hab-lc-boyo Fittings.~~~~~~~~~~ Flris Rp. WALET BRTON will SELL,a byl Aoom0. Gre,at MNsRbrouramsee.o Broadway, Jaugary2b8l. at U for 1y1 Jandurnytnle, aIuct;abinetschimey andC pier glAssEs,f dinin. trable chaiorski pleather and- hai~relot, bleWritinga tables, urissel andlother car, florist; onplsti rnchf a-tFrndcribian dtds s and beddng, wacri. droes an floedanbe furntuera, chlina glt-ass, aond kiche.elam t otedn efret.oab v0ies-end o auda,datalogu casadt hadon.%bpo. T. lightextrien,iag herwners otder,,. 1Ijr.SROB ER &RSFE~wLl SEan tIssRog ±YaGr,s at Marlbco. oue~-thwark o onda-eT,Jaury3maUo pexciel,lentde LITfdlAGRAPHI SOM9,uiGg imnsoG frmhe b 14evor toll; y Inchares,ofve ino sutabelth A h sConca are leveled n of whichae dorgistered btteigslcefomtr bmTiwe, n ctaup1s hado t. Pemies,ad of audaar ToaExbLigendra, arli, Rotster. HabWerdsher,indsterip. VM R. ALTES URO wl tSoLb S I ±A y A UCoIO at Giaoos 3 rralways, onurdgaesdiI, onu 0 Tradal2 tand Friday.-Jan. 31, and FeRbruarilt HOUSeawih dy 700 lg ofc namfl DwAefll rihoe adjin,pints, calioes, lino ens,ponsibery haerdu ashery ic.uOnbvew Wedesday.-l from 10Til are d catalogues ~hadbat thf TAaE HAilinReDra and Crti.have Flrecivets.tu MRt o ALtoferfoSTbACTI¶oX it SELL by AUG..- mesay nIxt, Jatuua Room, 3t,1 Bor Ioadwy,ludac-u.o Thrday oanuay pr,vate consrnctal. the veOCy vatin TRADE 06 MrAhsar( ionnristonso tistn lof richFen iidsand wel kommn lacE, PUBLICh dress ccE, dTowersndfeathacers,whall irst-aeconteold,s knowie, Weodnesdaycestoma1 tll .ar destalges had a thprnieros, oreheldoste Toraitnunen, irs,edtrown4ears aandowhrs.taL Tempturnandin posiion n te Im bys tordenirofte MfHlomtae, adtersctba nesignctrhod byuheroudn rtgaeei wotohE1yteatCten'Ono at Canrie's enaypse, who,ankide.a modertbwack,entaLwensnr, Jan.29 aneta12fbl,ith theEndteavor,stcailin Thstocdibargdeofum on,inthoromusheaI, anftg othereemanliasestob 80tol,nstaaeachtizmh rIdustdpry,Sltan, at.W Ceobanal,tedo thoe ofrWhiches registered th2m Cu-,sotom-ow. Caste be viwd and catalt)ea had onthpris, and eteoffthes 5-auctioees,. ColExchalnge mord40 Furniture ntoble abl=rninte ArtficalSteo ods M iorhugli-road. er Ife 0SSOBSaead eeley EVRSIEI roeind BORWie, wand SueLl ESSRSIOXd, nIh Premises theONtifcia StoELWLk b4. reserUCTIe, attheir ofm,33 xodsmL,na h thountans THIgures, vse, ctr fowers, PtIacely, th&c, etmoen oURnewekrev iocus, ind eataogns had ofwthe prooni ltoe,..mastcoonethe pYrAmisets (os nttfree)o ahpircatcouc; andto tews cauioers, cur Pariamnt-sto cree, and oaoal Excange.,atol oil al,wt Ldebfonge, -ra L andholds,brarytchrirs, setcus, of-..tbC sidb aUCTIO, a td bokcsr, ,Arawian', fourWedeanda Jcaudary b0.etd stm antdl hnewlyereted anddiwg completHUeS, wariresh drssawergaa sretands, situates, wiorthinvou milems,o the dmetUroeoliste, ande avlotsi hof ltebtri and jwlry0dozenisa oxd fare, Held numeonusn lfeatse, 12loiw ground rnts, land-tanrdemed,o prduingle ce, anntaouashlrna No. 6ftI Cand wude-srt Boudfwlortd y the attent~iwon - ofany nesee-. i a dvnageou Srinvestet Prinlte,ad paretiuas t ehdo Messr.Royan Carwriht,slcios -4d SONSruy wMr SE"P Suns merCy, IONn , -oad nda the are tiseon Teem'ofi, Jam29, Casti12lforI Valcuable FreehPublithoue landtrsever, Blue posts, Hnodeom FULar (IURinlEdin HaRn ceantdmwn Co. InaeW rceiverd in Prstruc. nedayal PicoloJnur 30,anoote 12 forwccs unid raclr, acaiouet ditpose. of b priatecontact chever robibl PEaintng, GodrietlLan& Conro ofti og eand wel nw SELLb AUISIrl ToOkng facetol partas. of Mnglnd.y Jane presh at ,mitouesdrone. for T an unxire term7 ofN i4 'VA ULTs SWne-d,ata low b rna.the cmand er ing tosition tnsanimmense fithorougfar of whcma vnomy,cand bhe ronectablo ntteighburhoner sroundings, rand w ePritodul th atthention of thman ofe oultcpreaissodb taken ato aie maluation.tPinted patiulrsme bobaine oan thepeie;o .Gehr.E, solicitor,,R fMsmM D Castle. Etreet et, Eatbom -qae;atGrw; and at the auction adett fie,lCsi-teet Exfcellen m81odaem smtureet obeCosleitl,wihgIao.r ,.YG.AUCIONb UC'O, at crRom,33Oor-sre nrthPatheenrTHaS A o ody,Fb , at I or1 pntuly, ore fthe ecllent uede ofUArN .ILUREogierudiFgaRwelodl-uilt n roomES bsuite,& moAlbt c- ptrete, sevrnlisetsofanut-treen chn,3och7 and 12 tnoeasyechtr, Hmseadc taslero, card,anduccaionPealtables,. nobes llonsoetbe,sit:gayssover: ,ofvr learg fuedimensins,cine-lses,1. Pinlaid tenbalet, an able. csidebo W.Upards,adbocss kc,Aabq n fmour-43pot,handlsecoudr,ciy; bed Gtread'san handige withe bedding omplte wairder.19Tobtes,dawer, ash Mfpat n byewellOry,o0hdozen1so ier, aNdy numerous 62 effects, n- btret,view ledgonthurdyn Wdmonisangdo 7hle, and te 6thogndeslra of, So.uaar, Carol1ine-stree, thedfonl-uabre .--s CA.- T, odncFuring iturn abrelSuerailr Serie ofd slate,and offect 3PJUESSA. OAXEYBwM d SELS bwil SELLONi at e AUCtIO, onYjav the Premses,on MrcitdyJa.2, at 12,i form5TW spunctally weit-etathed FAeast RESIErveCtEScaith almoem gardens. daas,andicol piaoforV&the by rorenaan Packer,ela Subinet dTto. welldenchina,dahogan echarsent ofpir ndicninginbkamplte beaoonm. murnature fof rsmal ai the usa ecito,sitallon se ofgh healthyad. plat, incluIdingayspoons, forks a chaed tea andr cofe evce les chia ad gas, te dnretiitens,andnuearos, at6 eran metl icelnes,onMay be viewd on thonday ando morncingo ale. t5ree,neri the3 Pantheon. fo AYuda, W oseeoi t XG5 HaInEu Pandiu ashadatth eLLbar UC,.. OaleyTsuatone Grandwayond Moenday, Jagn-trt. W,at-1 ithutreere th tnawnt and thCroodefixturnes, o hc nivn at teaCtioneRTON o iics, adir ecprdted at t'he time oftthe sae an Gant, soeacitors RE-SiEgLLo-crss ACof se. Fryou and Losin,street whaeest, Ethfmers-ae salent Gaving' aenda colthed ,autionee L,onge lasendV PalaueHteS, . Hasipotad-'oaud, Camden-oa Vilsn jV'uwpi nMna,Fb ,al yodrof the Exerioo ofMatr.ia.ls CRoes OlJRweliV-hulltU jSEn aen faos.eL I, A' lbet terin~,nd prodcing £00 per nnum.aTe-sevenchoue cybiner OnaViewa.-R andratyth undier of Jur,Gaide,lo otn Panint, UL modem faininerypaDctoue plet, by GRI MELbAUCTION,o h rmss o,6. 6, ad ZislabovsVtret,Cippeae onY Werda)Jn.sday andi Thursbgday,ath 6th an 7hy ofm FOLECray TIO o11, et inolt,tedaubernDICTREsLST inluin threnstem ngne, ylndicl tenioier, ixstutcopes,cpre b-ar, 300fet f ol5erpie, ou cppe pmIs.thre rur-andeltumus 100bras ock, endip,tw cpitlwin~nVanyelns,aidIj Eso. 6-0, St. Paul, ch7u];hyar.-A&nimotnCleconfeahb ancient and modemn Pictures of the various School. IIrR ARNIS l ELb UT T1 P THIS DAYJnay2,adl-orw ~ aiWe ameongthernwillbe fodaieoyFnl,Crooe:aeu tiful Interior, G.Du;tofnewrs a erar h cc Ashore. Turner; The rsnainiteTml,Sliei ln. scPe, P. Potter'; andsmSu cc en-adxr. - P.ad ScC ojr arvk Ioth (t.tarm uers BerghemWouermnserrrnsan k Greuze Maybe viewed laivaty onWe aa,Tusa,Andmrnings o sale. CataoLues asaoe NR oe advnce and ever d i.- loofproperty ferpositive sale. BalancePaid day aiter. - ndra Bill of Sale.-To Families ching,--C,cnnino uriiitu- and Efecta.--On view This Day. i1R. IZOD bise' tgive notic hth ri eev4 .T t nstr-uttions to lLbAUTO,at the SaLe Rooms. Na) 65 (lueen-street, Cannon-street.. city. THIS DAY (Frdy),_jass.2s.i;tui -for 12Z without reserve, the following superior PU r_IquURB and, EFFECTS-:-two cabinets,. Sue-toned pianofOrte,two cleifonicrs, l5 chairs, two couches, loo and card tables inwaolnut tree a drawing rbonz suite in rosewood, six Brussels and velvet-pfile ca-pets and rags,-Ifuir chimneY-glaSses ironstone dinner and dessert servce, the dinin mrnoup fuirniturein Stpanish mnahogany, library, dining roomi, and other chiair.,. twoset ofdiingtabes two bookcases, two iron chests, oId china. buh clcks n-Ino ad aintings, a few artcice of plate aud platadi
