DEATHS. On the 2d ist., at 36,9 Iver-itreet, the Cormtes of St. Germa3s. On the 17th of May Thst, at Clcutta. Ch-ares Goldsnmid, Esq.. aged 34, Resident Civil Eneineer to the Indian Rtlltway. and second soil of _-B-1 A. Gold-smid, Esq., to the preat grief of his family. On the 15th ult., at leamlng'on, Eliza Marriott, wife of Tlos. I eatherly Marriott, Fsq., of Sudby,H MiddIesen. Oa ths 26th nIt., Heany, son of Mr. Richard Dale, of Plaistow, Emex, aged 18. On Friday, the 27th ult., univerally respeted, lrT. Thnam% Cattell of Chapel-fields, Coventry. On tho 27th ult., at Reed's Farm, near Chelmsford, John Shesrell Corder, aged S0. On Friday last, the 27th ult, being the 40th anniversary of his birthday, at zstig, J. B. Atwood, Leq., of 1, Newby-place, Poplar, deeply lameated by 3 large circle or frienda. On the2BthuIt., rtBrighton, Charles Mayne Youmg, aged 79. Oa the 29th ult. in Eeytesbury.terrace, Dub'lin, at the residence ot her son-ia-law, Renry Frith, Egq.. Mrs. Elizabeth Winter, in her 81sl On the 29th ult., at Thorns, near Yeovll, Somerset. after a long ill-ess, Suan, the beloved wife of Commander Charles Peason, E4. On the 22th ult., at B3ath, Elizabeth, widow of the late Major Charles Denshire, of Tetlord, Lincoloshire, formerly of tbe 7th HuEssa On the 29th ult.. at her residence. in Bloomibury-square, Louisa, -widow of the late George Piackand, M.D., aged 82. On the 29th tt., at the Manor House, Long Stratton, Norfolk, Jane Ethel, the infaut daughter of 3andall Robert Beroughes, Esq., aged six months. On the 29th unt., at B sysiater, aged 18 months, Emnma Matil1a, daughte- of the Rev. C. Smalley, Jnn, On the 20th ult., aged 4S, Rebecca, the belaved wife of -Mr. Charles Heaton, of Peckhara-zye. On the Wth ult., at 21, Pinces-tevsace. Hyde-paci, Blaiebo Holdmi, the infant daughter of EIenry Wbite, Esq. Ot the 20th ult., atBarr'icld, Charlton, Kent, Robert James Mocnag Orey, Ieq., in his 3sIt year. On the 30th nIt, at 20, Warwick-crescent, Harrow-road, the iAfaat son of Willim Gribble, Fsq. On Tuesday, the Ist inst.. at 8, AddLon-road, Kensington, Chas. Edwrc. PownaL, Fezq, aged 69. On the 1st ins;t, at No. 6, St. Jamess-square. Bafl, -Hasriot, the beloved and deeply lamented wife of William Teffe, arq. On the Ist inst., at No. 1, New-street, Covent-garden, gms Jane Bishorp late of Christ's Hospital, in the 65th year of her age. On the Ist inst.. sincerely regretted bya large circle of friends. after a very short and eavere illnens, dMr. Henry .Jewellyn. of No. 2, Old Bond-street, London, and Drasyte-grove, Brornpton, aged 12. Or. the I st int., Elizabeth Barry Gardiner, w5dow of the late Jame3 Gz3diner. Ben,_ and eldest daughter of the late Richard i'owell, Esq.. of Nro. 19. Abbey-place. St. Johns-wood, aged 3,. On the 2dinst., at Douglas.oad, Caneobury. of searlet fever, Alfrel, Eon of Alfred Pegler, Eq., aged two years. On the 2d inet., at Egercon-ro2d, Blackheatlb-road, the residenoe of his mother, Alfred Fleming Cobden, Raq., of St. John s-pork, Kenti'h-town, aged 31years.
- -; I L,. wD. - . z, V" ou- P'wx( 00: O-~3 DM13IJN -WXDEXDA-Y Moi o. JOHN SADL'SM?S, LA? D SPOU1,4MOXSe, - Petitions havebeen. preeented in the ncumnbered. states Court for aale of aportion bf the eette6 purchased, after a fashion peculiarly liis own, by' the late John Sadleir. The petitions haie been presented on behalf of the trustees of the London and County B.nk,' i;e -Messrs. Eyre, and-other. -mortgagees. The yearly rental of the eitates in- eIuded in those petitions exceeds 6,00O1. The pro<: - tiea are situate in f;he counties of Cork, Oailway' lIyo imerick, and Tipperaiy. M Iesss MIrroaght and Eennedy are the soLicitors presenting {he -petiions. Just before the aijournment yesterday of the Court of Common Fl&:w the Chief Justice aniounce'd that, in reference Lt the Tipperary Bank cases, whichwere argued Lust wee;, they would nob f£rom - unforeseencircunistances, be able to dispose of them, til next tera:- " He alluded to the circumstance of being deprived of the assistance of Judge Bal; but he considere- itzight to men-: tion tothe parhes thathedidnot think much detrriment didarise from the Cour, iriot b'ing able to dispose of the cs, andon this ground,-so faras he-was individin5lly concerned, he was not prepared to decide the princip poiotii th- case, His present impression, subject to w at further; arguments he might hear next term was, that there wasone part of the case concluxive, irrespective of the - cia sL point. He did not mean, to ejcpress Jny opinion nRson the subject, but, assuming that the 33- of George EIi .Was not repealed, and that it did apply to joint-stock banks,, sti it dia not divest the property of the bank, nor vest it in anybody else. The act merely disentitled the bankers tc receive it. The Winding-up Lcts m3ierelylppliedto joint-stock banking companies, and his i resent imnpres6ion was thas, though the hainker was d: sab1edfrom calliAg in the accounts,* the -offcial manager was rnoti disxbled, but that he receie. ea them to be disposed of underthe order of a court of equity, supposigacourt of equity should decidethat th.sy were r.iothed wlitsh a trast an h's handE." 3m. JoHEN' CAIcDEN. The term of Mr. John Carden's impnsannlent-within the gloomy walls of Clonmel Gaol for fhe. attempted abduction of .Miss Arbuthnott -will emI pire to-morrow (Thuisday), when, after twc; years' 13meditation, he-vill return tolBarnane a sadder, and,,i it is to be hoped, a wiser man. At all events- he: has had ample time to reflect upon the foliEes of his. past life. FAr IF YAi Y oPAY PrOSMON. TheDublinProtestant Association, duly, assembled yeste-day evening, pronounced, in tile sub.- joined resolution, the opinion of that Iody with--- regmid to the line of conduct adopted by their gtas Pariamentary friends in the- recent; debate upon ' the Irish education question . REesolved,-That the conduct of the leading meinbers of Her Majesty's Opposition in Parliament, on the occasion of the recent debate on the question of the National System ofEducation (Ireland), is deserving of the unqualified reprobation of all sound Protestants ;.and that as ardent friends of a system of Scriptural education we feel it our duty again to urge upon the various constituencies of the United Xing-. dom the imiperative dutv that devolves upon them to reject. E ever- candidate who 'will not give the most satisfactory pledge on this question, as well as upon Protestant questions. generally.", = (AE DBWSNF rare (n.&an) nunIarJB S^ The late Dablin Banldng Company having long since been placed under the provisions of the Wind-- ing-up Acts of 1848-9, the Master in Chanoery has given notice that on Monday next he will make a. call on ali'the contributories of the compan', to the extent of 401. per share of 50I. When to this are to be added the great Tipperary swindle, -with its; heavy call on the luckless shareholders, and the- wind-up of some Irish mining speculations, now also.: in progress, it is to be feared that the present year will severely test the monetary capacity of a lage, portion of the general community. An abundant harvest, however, of which there is just now a. reasonable prospect, may counterbalance the unpleasant consequences of an undue pressure on the money-market. MURDER DX T CGS COUNT-. A letter in Saundcrs' of ihis morming Thus announces the perpetration of a shocking muirder inx the King's County "i'ARso.NsTowx, Tuesday Night.-A very brutal mur- der was perpetrated at Manure, in the barony ofCoolies, last night. A respectable farmer, namedlWilam Corran, who resides on thaat towland, within, a short distance of Messrs. DDwd's mills, was shot dead about o'clock, when in his parlour. The deceased had just returned from Roscrea, and when sitti-g downL to- supper a shot was fred through the parlour window, which deprived him of life, several slugs having: passed through his head and body. The deceased gotwarried to a second wife a couple of months- ago. lis first, with her mother-in-law, was droened when returning withthe deceased from a partyatherfather'shouse. The second marriage did net rleasetheformerwife'sfriends,* and caused an unfriendly feeliDg. This, it is alleged, is the, cause of his murder. The deceased, who was a 'tenant on the estate of Colonel Lloyd Gloster, was in thu prine of li.e, and in very comfortable circumstances. An inqueet was held ts day byr. B. Toy Mrdgley, coroner, when the. jury returned averdictof wilful murder agamnst some person or persons unkunown." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. ConsDls (shut), 95A d; ditto, for account, July S, 95! !; ditto, for new account, August 2, 96 96; New Three per Cent. stock, 954 96 961; ditto, for account, July S, 954 96; ditto, for new account, August12,. 964 ; - National Bank of Ireland (221. 10s. paid), 35;. £minisg Company of Ialand (71E paid), 14Q. Railways.- Cork and Bandon (50'. paid (Ac.), lhi; Duidalk and En- niskillen, 5 per cent. preference, perpetual 16.6, par; Gzeat.. Southern and Western (50?. iaid), 55; ditto, 4 per cent.- preference (paid in full 20'.), lA; Irish South-Eastern (12?. paid) (Ac.), 6A; Killarney Junction (10. paid) (Ac) 104 * lidland GreaiWestern andRoyal Canal' ' paid), 5r j 5S; ditto, halves (251. paid) (Ac.), 264; VWateford and. limerick (50L paid) (Ac), 244; ditto, 6 per cent., prefer- - ence (10. paid), par.
A RAILWA Y INCIDENT. TO TlE EDITOR OF TfE TUMhS. Sir,-I was a passenger on Mlonday maonn- by the r eeolocktra,in from Glocester to Carmarthen. Wehbad pro-.-- ceeded about halfra.mile or so beyondLIandore station, when the whistle wvas sounded3, and the ti-ain, sud'denly brought to>1 a complete stand. The cause of the itoppage was a little. chlad -who b.Ad strayed on to the line of rails by which 'we~ were travelling, and was sitting perfectly unconscious of its perilous condition. The child wa picked up only a few yards in front of the engine, and restowred in safety to some villagers attractel to the spot. As one of the travelling public I beg a small space in your' journsal to testify to the extreme care manifested by the samehasmetwithsom acasoledgnen frm Tose 'who- W. IL RICHARDS. Boar's Hlead Hotel, July L.
HIAPSTEAfD-HEAi .-Yesterday a deDutation fro"sm - the various metropolitan parishes, headed by Lord RobertGrosvenor, 1.P., and the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall, M.P., and accoimpanied by several members of the Metropolitau Board of Works, waited, by appointment, on the Chancellor of the Exchequer in Downing-street, for the purpose of ascertainin- how far the Governmient would be likely to aid in secuanuHampstead-heath in perpetuit.- to the public. Lord PIi Grosvenor, 3LP., in introdu - the subject, said the gentlemen present had been depstne by most of the pincipeLl parishes on the northern sile of the metropoEs to express their opinions wit h regard to the. desirability of at once securing HamM teadheath as ^ place of recreation for the public, the ;tetropolitan Board of Works, to whom it was referred, havng declined to entertain the question, under. the plea that they did not consider they had the power to purcaase open spaces under the provisions of the Metropolis Local Manage-, mnent Act. He was quite aware that his 2ight hon friend who had framed that act held a directly opposite opinion. While advocating the retention of Elampstead. heath, at the same time he (Lord M. Grosvenor) begged tosaythatthere wasano'therdistrictwhich hadeqalclaims.-> He alluded to Finsbury. (Hear, hear.) With referece toa park for Finsbury, the previous Chancellor hadi offered a grant, but the present application was not for a grant out4 of the Government funds i bat vwhat they; now asked -asg' that the surplus whiclt might be remaiaing at the expira-, tion of the coal duties, ina1862 should be appropriatedtothepurchase of HAmpstead-heath, the Government in the mean time advancing the mconey so as to secure th pucm at once. (Hear, hear.) The ChanceUlor of the Excbequer sai, he was quite repared to admit that the pmservation. of Hampstead-heath 'would be a mnetropolitan. improve. iment, of the highestladvantage to the public, be:t the great. dfiffculty was to find the funds by which its puLrchase should. be effected. Ifit were taken from the consoldatedl fund, then they right have members. for Cornwal, for Dublin Manchester, Edinburgh, and other p.aces jumping up and complaining that these sums were lavished inmiAropolitam improvements alone. It appeared, however, tha' what was proposed now was, that Hampstead-heath shoiid be putr chased by funds arising out of the sutplU of the eoal-tX. ec SUpposed that it was meant out of the surplus of the 9d. pertonvlhichthe Government reoeived. TheiMetropohitan Board of Worlk, be'thought, ws invested ith the power, butthey seemed themselves to think oLherwise ; but with reference to the surplu§ of- the coal dnties, he thought the Govermment wvere nnder a pledge that it ihould not continue even till 1-362, if the cna'es o-an. it -w.re liquidated previousl7r. He did not kzlnw at thit mnoment what these charges werem, nor - whtat the pur. chase money, for 3ipdd-heath might be, Int he presumed there would be the common right of pasture to be purchased, ai weU as the manorl rights of Eir T. M. Wlson, as the lorda. Sir B.. Ha M.P, "aid nldo that was the cxse, bnt thetimportant pointwtosecare K;ampetead-heath at oce., Tor if the present lord of"th. manor died either. his bzotheror his mephew Woildat on'o build all over the heath. The Chancellor of the lfxchequwe suid he could not give any promise upon the subject.
PABLTAMfHMPXA IETE(GE IELImC., HOUSE OF Commm, WMI; Y 2. T40 SMSXERi0&Ahe clhair at 12 o'clock. Petitions for gie 'eremption- of scienffic annd ldterai.ty I. stteians from feyment of loCal taxation werepresenied by _ M. SoL , *01i directors of the Yale of Leosia 2ieclirScs Institution- by Mr. TaORmEY, from the Pri4ident eo Wedreihampton. Atlinnums and MIechanics library; by ]r. MnTLIGAIr, from the Mechanics - n- etitite, Bradfora; by - Mr. TffE, from f-heR.Ah Athesniran iterary and Eoientifie Sciety; gma -from-,. he President,., Vice-President#,- and comrmttee Of tXhe Bath Commercial and Literary Institutionby7 Qclcmi Sgxi7, from the committee oE the York hisgtate ci'Popular Science and Litcraere, and from the comznittea.of the Wakefield Mechanics Institute; by Er. BM-sS, from the chairman of the committee of maunagement of the Burton-upon-Treat Literary Society; and from-the chairianof tiecommittee of the Burton npon-Trent Young Mlmi's.Christian Association ; by -Mr. O s, from tie lrenideft, Vice-President, Council, and members of the B3ury St. Edtmuid'e Atheneum Literary asidScientido Instifution anadiby Sir WnarAe PAY-nz G wLLEY, from Thirsa. . Petitions were alsopresentedby Colonel Duscoami, from the aiedical officers of the E3singwold 'Union and 'she Helndely Union in Yorkshire; by Mr. EVELYN, from the nedical offncers of the Unions of Dorling and of Kingston, in the county of Surrey; and bv Mr. HaIscDIY, from the inedhlP1 officers of the Ashton-under-Lyne Union, praying for a redress'of their grievances .: - Pehitions were also presented by Mr. BrcEiwrr, from the }3alkers, 'Merchants, and Traders Association for the Protection of Trade of thu Barnsley district, West Riding, Yorkshire. in favour of the County Courts Act Amendment Uill; and by Mr. Cow"Y, from the Scottish Trade Protaction-Society, Edinburgh, in ftvour of Mr. Crauford's JudgInets Lxecaution BilL : RIBANDISM II IRELANqD. !4S. .MA]ER asked 'She Chief Secretary for Ireland wheaher certain masters of national schools in Ireland, in. 'the county of Donegal, had been arreested on a charge of aZnlaw~l c onfederacy and Ribautlism, and whether the sa^id achcLils were in connexion wiith the NationalBoard as nonvested sch'ools ? Mr. HOESMAIN said, he had received no information 'n theosubject. : J UDGWENTS EXECUTIOON, &c. BILL. T-is bill was read a second time. On the question, that it bh committed,- Cplonel DUNNE recommended its withdrawal at the present ffdvanced period ef the session. hMr. A.APIER- had been a member of the select coimittee upon the snbjebt dealt with by the bill, which lie ead examined with a sincere desire to make such amendments in it as would enable it to wor'ak well; but he was anabie to see how it could be made a safe and usr-ul measure.' He had, therefore, intended to oppose the second Mr. J. D. FiTZGERAlD said, the principle of the bil wafiasound one; it was that a judgment obtained in any tconmpetent court in E3ngland, Ireland, or Scotland might he onforced by means of executioni in all parts of the united !idnXIom. Some details of the bill would require alteraticn 3n tommitte Mr. 1. BUTT pointed out the inconvenience that would arise from judgment being recovered in one tribunal, and axecation sued out in another. He felt that and other objcctions to the details of the biUl so strongly that he should move that it be committed on that day three mnoths. The LORD-ADVOCATE had never entertained any oixbt as to the soundness of the principle of the bill. The best remedy for the evil of havng three separate systems ,of law in the united kin-dom was to give effect to a judrmnent of .any one tribnmal in all parts of the country. Hte hoped the HIouse would adopt that principle, and any alterations might be made in the bill in committee which might be thoughlt necessary to guard against its being used for the porpose of fraud. Mr. NAPIER repeated that he did not see how the principle, which they alU approved, could be carried out safely, anA he wished the Attorney.-General for Ireland to give n pledge that he would consider well the provisions of the measure. M-. BAINES trnsted that the House woulrd allow the bill to go into committee, in order that means might ba taken to cmrry oat that which was admitted on all hands to be a principle of great value. Mr. G. BUTTL expressed an opinion decidedly in favounr of the principle of the bill, and could not see the difficulty of: carrying it into practice with safety. HIr. VYACE opposed the bill, believing that the law as it stood at present gave saffi-:ient remedy to creditors. Mr. EHADFIELD bore testimony to the extreme usefulneis of the measure. It was quite right to do away with these distinctions in the united kingdom, where there were but one Government and one Sovereign. After a few words from Mr. CRAUrsURD and Mr. DmuSy, the amendment wms withdrawn, and the bill was ordered to be-committed on next Wednesday. BLEACHIG, &c. WORKS (No. 2) BILL. The adjourned debate on the motion for the second reading of this bill, to which an amendment had been moved for postponing the second reading for six months, was resumed. Mr. BA BTER said, he should be the last person to stand in- the way of any enactment wvhich might be requisite for th-e protection of the working classes againlst sordid capitalists, or for the improvement of their social state. Rightl~y or wrongly, Parliament appeared to have abandoned the pripciple of non-interference between masters and their servants, and he was ready to admit that there might be practices connected with the bleaching anadyeing trade,as carried on in some parts of the country, which required the interference of the Legislature. Eorther than that he could not go. He thonght that, at that late period of the session, it was impossible to proceed writh a bill which ought to be maturey considered by a select committee. A great deal of dissatisfaction would have been prevented from the very outset if a committee or commission had been appointed to investigate this matter. In that case there would have been secured an impartial tribunal, ant people would not have been able to say, as they did now say, that the judge bad made up his mind before hearing the evidence. It had been stated that the masters in Scotland were almost unqnimous in favour of the bill; but, so far from that being the case, petitions against it had been presented from every master on the east coast of Scotland, and petitions had also been presented from workmen complaining of peovisions affecting them. The bil proposed to deal with all works for bleaching and dyeing in precisely the sams way, though every practical man knew that the processes in the year in various parts of the ountry varied so much nato require different enactments, supposing it to he proved that there was a necessity for Parliamentary interference at all. The linen bleaching and dyeing depended on the state of the weather and chymical agency, and if the factories vere to be shut always at a particular honr great injury would be inflicted on the trade. In confirmatin of this statement the hon. member referred to the report of Mr. Tremenheere, though he characterized it as a one-sided and unfair report. A careful consideration of the hills which had been introduced on this subject convinced him that they had been drawn up by parties who did not understand the matter, and the effect of the measure now before the House would be to substitute male labour for female labour. - Colonel DUNNEE did not think tbat the hon. gentlemnan ha d exhibited any disposition calmly to consider this matter when he characterized the report of a public officer and gentleman of the highest character as partial and one-sided. The question was whether that House should legislate in ravourofthe operatives en,gagedin these works; and he mnst*say that he did nut think that the Legislature could depend on the masters making of their own free accord fair segulations for those they employed. The Parliament had already legislatedinrespect of cotton, and why should it not legislate in respect of linen ? Mr. DUNCAN maintained that the interference proposed by this bill was totally unnecessary, and would do harm to the class of people whom it sought to benefit, besides interfering with the trade. Mer. MRROUGH supported the bill. Sir J. GRAHAL-Having bestowed considerable attention on this subject some time ago, perhaps the House will allow me to offer a few remarks upon this bill. I do not see much use, I mnst confees, in persisting in it at this late period of the session (hear, hear), for, after Tihat has already pazsed, and the attention which has been gven to this question, it would be very unfortamate if the House were to come to a hasty decision upon it. This qUestionwas very fuly considered in 1845, when it was brought under our notice by Lord Shaftesbury. and it 'was then my duty officially to give to it the most anxious consideration. I thought that there was a difference to be irawn between factories and bleaching works. I argued the mztte- at great length with Lord Shaftesbury, and he yielded to the reasons which I brought forward, and the Legislature did draw a distinction between bleachworks factories.. The bill we are now discussing does not altogather correspond with the report of Mr. Tremenaheere, but, even. if it did, there is on tbe face of that report an error so grievous and so palpable that I quegtion whether at should recommend itself to us on that account. In matters of this sot it must be admitted, I think, this the srninimum of interference is tlle oasximuam of wisdom. (EHear, hear.) Bils of this kind are drawn in two ways-either in ignorance of the particular trade affected 'ewhen injuries not contemplated are very often inflicted on the tradeS, or else craftily by persons interested in the trade, who have some peenliar way of doing business which they seek~ to favour by the aid of the Legislature, in order to obMtain advantages over their companions. I therefore view all measure of this- kind with-extrem`e jeal'o"u-sy.r' I ful admit the duty which lies upon us of Protecting the health, the happineso , 1 he comfort, and the wellteing of ten labouring classes; hut if you make a mistake in this k-ind m f legisLation-if you shoTad cramp and fetter that branch ,of trade to which you are directing your attention, you wil ii the long run inflict evils of the greatest magnitude upoa those whom you wish to serve. (H ear.) It is admitted that tie bleaching trade is exposed to the most severe competition with foreign rivals, andl that it reamires all the skldl and ithergy of the British manufacturer successfully to contena a4aiast that competition. (He-ir, hear.) Just as in a race where two horses of exactly eulpowers are to rtmn-ifyou put 31b. extra on one of them his defeat is certain, so it is wvith regard to this trade. Mfr. Tremenheere admits the Iconraes of this, competition, but, while he states most distinetly that jf you follow his advice the additional cost of produc. 'tien will be 10.' r cent., and the addition to the eellin'g price I1 per cent., be maintains "that this is a,very trifling, niitter indeed. Tihat is Eo astounding a proposition in a. Mistter of trade that I, for asia, cannot consent blidly to followHr.Tremenheere as aguideaIf the effect should be as he gtater -t6 addU0O per cent, to the ecet of pro duction-I pre. del,t at once th-at by such hasty, wild, and extravagant lsgiLslation you wouald insuire the success of our foreign riva la i X.;s brach (I trade, I shou-ld jsay that it wou4 be tlo Rlifhtof rashness fort X ; tegillate on thnis sbject e-~-only on the t£repo-tf mt . Tremenheere; it woud megct its duty if it failed to nstitute an inqairyef its ovsn. We ought to hae .a Xolect corntit ed upon'th6 tbb-- 3ect,-aud,--ast it would be delMusion to appoint e this session, I think it betberL t1st the secon reading of thisibifi should be po:4,oned, on -the understadiig tita selecot omuittee' Ehal -be appointed at the codii'nenement' of nexe seson to inaure, into the whole subject. 4 Hear.) The liaritiea of this trade are so great, that I believe it difrers from the cotton, wool, flax, aud in4 deed all other manisfactures. The work wnen onoe begun ifhust be cbntinued (heat, hear); it is not like itanufacturing by machinery-where -Kcan stop on Monday night and go to work ag,ain on Wldnesday isornihg; whenoroco you have begun you must finisih your work, unless you wish to lose all the benefits of your labour. The demand, too, is -not continuous, it occurs. only about three, times in the year. It would be a waste of time, however, to pursue this argument any further on the prisent occasion; I hope the House will not proceed with this' bill im the present session, for I am sure that its promoters, sincerely desirous as they are to benefit the workTIng classe4s will not be advancing their own oTbject if they persist with, it at presenti (Hear, hear.) 3fr. .NWDEGATE was favourable to the object of. tho -bill but thoughtit sould be better to postpone it till next session, when a ftll inquiry into tne whole subject could be made. Sir G. GREY said, he had nnderstood when the bill was fixed for this day that that inivolved a postponement of it until next session, as the hon. member had consented to refer it to a select comnmittee-a conrse which was obvionsly impossible this session. It would be a waste of time, therefore, to continue the present discLssion, aud he hoped the boun'mfemiber would now allow the order to be discharged, on the understanding that' a select committee was to be appointed next session, in sufficient time to allow of legisla. tion. Mr.-L BuiTT said, ho- should have less dificulty in giing way to the apreal of the right hon. gentleman if he did not remember that exactly the same thing had happened about this time last session, and that then the right hon. gentleman had given almost the same implied pledge of support. [Sir G. Grey.-" Yes, but you did not follow my advice."] (Hear, hear.) This bill was almost identical with a bill passed through the House of lords by lord Shaftesbury in 1854, and the argument then urged against it here was, that the House had no sufficient information before it on which to legislate. This led to the appoirtment of MWr. Tremenheere as Royal Commissioner to inquire into the subject, and that appointment was an impled pledge on the part of the Govermnent to legislate if the information coDlected should seem to ju$sify it. With the report of Mr. Tremenheere he was perfectly satisfied, and, had no wish for any further inquiry. I twas a mistake for the right hon. baronet opposite to say that Mr. Tremenheere had stated that this change would lead to an increase of 10 per cent. in the cost of the article. What he said was, that the piece which now cost 7s. 2d. would then cost 7s. 4d. Hlis own impression with reeard to the biU was that he ought to proceed to a division on the second reading in order to pledge the House to legislate on the subject; but if it should be the wish of the lIouse that he should withdraw the bill he would do so, on the understanding that he should reintroduce it early ne.xt session. Sir J. GRAHAM explained that he had not said that Mr. Tremenhere was an unsafe guide, because he had said that the course recommended would add 10 per cent. to the cost of production and 1 per cent. to the pnce, but because he had said that this addition was a matter of no consequence. (Hear.) Mr. DRUMMOND'thought that the hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. Butt) must already have had sufficient experience of following the advice of pretended frierds. There was in that house apredoiniance of the desire for the suCcess of capital at the expense of human labour. It was true, as far as money-getting went, that the maxim of wisdom was that quoted by the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham), "the minimnie of interference; but, as regarded human life, the maxim ought to he exactly the reverse. (Hear, hear.) By the encouragement given to the increase of capital the sentiment of parental affection had been almost annihilated, and, not only in this, but in other manufactories, children were expended just like cattle on a farm. The House had been told in the course of the previous evening that one-fourth of our exports went to America; and it wasto keep that trade that we ate so much American dirt and ailowed ourselves to be kicked by the Americans. (Hear, hear.) He urged the hon. and learned gentleman to stand firm to his principle, and to go to a division upon the second reading of this bill, Lord R. GROSVENOR also recommended the hon. and learned gentleman to divide, unless the Government would consent to issue another Royal commission. It was one of the reasons of lord Sbaftesbury's success that he always divided. Mr. CARDWELIL said, that his hon. friend near hin (Mir. Drummond), in whose hands everything appeared new, had uttered a falacy which had heretofore been regarded as completely exploded. He had talked about the existence of antagonism between capital and labour. He (Mr. Cardwell) thought that, if we had of late years learned anything, we had leaimed that, of all the persons who gained by the growth and development of capital, the greatest amount of benefit was received by those whose humble condition was elevated by the demand for their labour, and by the rise of wages whichthat growth and development occasioned. His hon. friend had also said that the House of Commons was influenced entirely by master manufacturers, and that the interests of the worldn- classes were neglected. The fallacy of that position would be apparent to any one who recollected that the Factory Acts wvhich had during the last ten years received, the sanction of tho House were passed not in deference, but in opposition, to the wishes of the masters, and entirely at the request and desire of the labouring population. In his (h'r. Cardwvel's) opinion the real enemy of the workting classes was the man who told them that that great assembly was influenced entirely by the will and opinion of their masters, and that the desires and interests of their masters were antagonistic to their own; and who sowed the seeds of dissension where happily there was now peace, combination, and co-operation of interest. (Hear.) With regard to the measure now before the House, he thought thab the demand for a fU and fair inqui before a committee of the Homse, where both sides might be publcly heard, was a fair and reasonable demtand ; and that it would be unwise to read this bill a second time before that inquiry had taken place, the result of which might be to show that the House ought not to legislate at all. Mhr. COBBETT said that, after the conclusion of the session of 1853, he visited the districts of England and Scotland in which principally the bleaching works were situated; and in these works he found that persons were working 16, 18, and 20 hours a-day in a temperature varying from 90 to 130 degrees. He had also frequently heard from men, that they had in one morning carried out from those places, which they emphatically called 'wastinz shops" three girls who hbd fainted. A master bleacher had told bim that the temperature was frequently so high that ihenails in the floors becameheatedand blistered, that was burnt the feet of those who were employed in thes3 rooms and who were therefore obliged to wear slippers. It had been said by several hon. members for Scotch constitnencies that the facts were not so bad as they had -been represented to be. All these hon. members came from one part of Scotland, and it was possible that in their district these evils did not exist. In Glasgow, Paisley, and other places i the same neighbourhood he had himself witnessed the state of things whieh he had described. At a meeting held at the last-named town, Mr. Baillie Browne, he believed the chief bailie, had said that for many years the operative bleachers had been regarded as little more than mere machines, and had expressed his desire that there should be passed a general Ten Hours Bill for the whole country. To confirm these general expressions he (1r. Cobbett) would read to the House a statement of the hours worked by twvo young persons during two weeks of the year. During the week from September 26 to October 1, they worked 102. hours, via, on the several days, 16, 17, 18, 23, 133, and 1i hours each. During the next week they worked, on the several days, 19. 17, 213, 16, 17, and 141 hours, making for the whole week 103 hours. The teonperature of the atmosphere in which they worked was 130°. In the year 1843 there was a commission to inquire into the employment of young persons called ithe Children's Employment Commission," t'he report of which the right hon, baronet (Sir J. Graham) seemed to think had decided against legislative interference in the matter. So far was this from being the case, however, that there was a statement in one of the appendices, that many of the master bleachers would gratefully welcome somc legislative restriction as to the hours of work, which would put all upon the same footing, and would enable them to resist the pressure of their customers without- iving offence. The fact was that merchants and manufacturers frequently senb goods to a bleacher to-day; or even in the middle of the night, with an order that they must be finished and returned by 12 o'clock to-morrow. The right hon. baronet had said that theprocess of bleaching, when once comimenced, mnsthe continuous, as any interruption of it would spoil the goods, Ue (Mr. Cobbett) had inquired into this matter, and had been informed that the process might, without damage to the goods, be interrupted at the conclusion of any stage. Very many of the master bleachers were themselves in favour of legislation upon this subject. These mssers had written to the Secretary- of the Bleachers Committee at Bolton, d5stinctly stating that they were in favour of a restriction of the hours of labour in their works, and expressiag their opinon that such a restriction would never be carried out wzithout the interference of the Legislature. The qsiestion now was, should the hon. and learned member for Youghal (Mr. Butt) take a division, or would it be more ?rndenttowvithdrawthe bill for the present Session. He (M,obet was himself-very much in favou!r of dividino. in order that' the Ilouse might decide w;;hete be;hr wcue to be protected by enactment or not. He believed that a large portion of the Honse was strongly dis.posed to legislate upon the subject, and such an assurance would be a great comfort to these poor people, who were so anxiously look-ing for the decision ol the House. The withdrawal of this bil, and the appointment of a committee next session wouldprobably put off legislation- until after-thatsession also, and he should therefore recommend the hon. and learnedAgenleman to divide. If, however, he came to a different decision, he (o Cobbeti) would suggest that the cofmm mittee might be appointed and nominated at once, net that it might proceed to bousiness, hut that- it mnight be revived next session. By the adoption of that course much. time would be saved,: -. Mr. BAlES had no 'hesitation in saying that the Government wou?ld throwv nO obstecle inthe way of the apPOintmnent of a committee at the earliest pcossible period of next. session (hear, hear), nor did he apprehend that any opposi- - tion would ,be experienced by those who represented the - views of the master bleachers. In order that the House-: smsight gomito the inqiiry before that committee fairly and freely, it was desirable that this bill should be wstbdzawnv and with--that view the Government would, 'if -it *ere pressed to a division, vte a_unst the second reading. -Mr. EnM said,ithat- in the-liLien blhachwors of Irelan&7 there was no such cruelty oxexce as had been sited to! exigt in England-ad, Scotland, sa he thought it hard ipino the FroprIetors of Works in t4t eounts hat the ihouild be 'pungise -for the sins eid others) be subjed ote eperatic.ofAthisiLL / - 3 h)r [U w spi.td th'.h, obeervibg that- the r.um. `1er of houris specified in, it cor ed 'Allong a period s-any -young pesns id be bli,e t ork. . No greater mis. take, eie- with i' view t) their ow'Minterests, could be corn'i snited-byxnasters than fi oworoorwo-tfeir people. (Her, hear.) what was gaineL in one way bryuch-aisystem "as rnore than lost in another by the defective manner in which the work was done. There was no getting more out, of a human 15eing than his kbnstitutlon could fairly yield-that.wasthefactofit. ("Hear,"anda laugh.) Manufacturer3 ud a right to emloy th ir opertives for as long a-period a' -was consistent with good health and good work, but for not .a moment longer. (Heac.) Itwos-rnanifestthat some legislation on this question was m i= ely required, and, as no case for further delar had beenfimade out, the House wofild do well to give its,imnmediate sanction to the presnt measure, lord NAAS thouglht otherwise, and caled on the House 'to reiect the hilf, as undoubtedly superfluous and 'possibly mischievous. In thei Niirth of -Ieland there was a strong feeling against any legislition whatever on the subject. Mr. WALTER observed that, although he -would gladly have been spared the neossity of goiug to a division on this occasion-as he thought it not intpossible that some good might result from agreeig to refer the question to a conmittee-yet if the hon. and learned member,for Youghal should pressthe bill to a division, he (Mr.-Walter) should certainly go into the same lobby with him. (Hear.) Not baving had the good fortune to be present during the earlyp'irt of the debate, heowould not presume to trouble the House with any speech oe the subject; but he felt it necessary to male one observation upon a remark which appeared to him to be the foundation of -all objections'tosiuch nmeasures as that now under consideration. - It -was often said, with regard to bils of this descriDtion, that they Dinterfered with tha manufactures of the country, but there was one species of manufactures which a certain class of economists were too apt to overlook. Hle alludedto the 1,000,000-'children who were every year addea to our populationt. ("Hear, hear,"aud laughter.)Thit was by far the most interesting ancd important of our manufactures (hear); and when we remembered that upon its character and upon the care taken of it' in its infancy depended the future strength and greatness of the -nation, we could not doubt that the L1egislature would be grossly neglectful of its duty if if; did not take care that the youth of the country were so brought' up that the development of their powerS of mind and body should not be impedsd by that excessive strain upon their system which was the inevitable result of overwork, (Hear, hear.) Captain-JONES fearedc thit,the bill would injure the hand-Joom weavers, of. whom theie were still not a few in Ireland and elsewhere. Mr. NAPIEI urged thie pr6priety of withdrawing the bill. Experience provedthat such legislation injured rather thAn served the classes for whose benefit it -was intended.. Mr. RICHARDSON concurred, and moved that the bill bh read a second time that day six montbs. I Mr. W. BROWN complained that the House was not in possession of sufficient infermatiou to qualify them to legis. late on the subject, and suggested that the question be referred to a committee. After a few words from.Arr. FExangx, The Honse divided, whea there appeared- For the second readLng . 65 Against it ... .. .. g 109 MIajority .... . ... The bill was accordingly lost. REGISTRATIO-N OF '[EASES (SCOTLwD) BLL, |' This bill passed though committee. 'SCIENTIFIC AND LITERARY SOCIETIES BIL The House went into coanmittee on this bill. Br. BOUIVERIE said That an act was passed someyears ago to exempt from local taxation the premises occupied by societies established for the cultivation of "science, literature, and. the fine arts, exclusively." The societies claining the benefit of that act had to be eertified by Mr. Tidd Pratt, and it so happened that the courts of law had in many instances decided that the certificate of that gentleman had been given upon insufficient grounds. Under those cireumstances, the present bill had been broughtinto declare the finding of the certifying barrister final and without appeal, and also to get rid of the word " exclusively" from the existin act, which bad a restrictive operation. The measurewould, therefore,indefialtely extendanexemptionwhich, if not wholly vicious in principle, had already reached its legitimate limit. It would, enable the Athennum clab, or any other institution professing in any degree to promote science, literature, and the fine arts, to escape from the pay. ment of poor-rates and other local taxes. Moreover, such an immuiaty was hardly consistent with the recognized doctrines of political econoloy, as the advantage it conferrec* would be swept away by ths landlord of ths premises in theb shape of increased rent. Entertaining these objections.%. the bill, he moved that the Chainnan report progress. Mr. HMT defended the, measure, which he said he had introduced at the request of the Society of Arts and a -large union of mechanics' institutes in the north of England, wish. the simple view of carrying out the originalintentions of the 6th and 7th of Victoria, cap. 36, the provisions, of which had been rendered nugatory by vrarious decisions of the courts of law. By those decisions the Royal Society; because it took in The Times newspaper and other periodicals, was excluded from the benefit of the exisuing law, send the same advan tage was denied to the British and Foreign School Society. At a time when national education attracted so much attention, theclaims of mecleanics'institutes to the patronage of Parliament ought not to be overlooked; but if their exemption from local taxation wias to be withdrawvn, it was; tolie feared that the p-,ec rious re50ources on wvhich many of thfese societies depiend'- for §tipport would compel them to suspend their beneficial operations. MIr. HA;DF1ELD said that,!w/hen Parliament did not hesitate to vote hundreds of ttousands of pounds annually to promote the education of the people, it could not, with any show of consistency, refuse to encourage the mechanics of England in their praisewortly efforts to educate themselves. Lord LOVA `INE opposed the bill, on the ground that it would exempt from its fair burden of taxation every building only partially occapied for literary or scientifie purposes. Mr. E. C. EGERTON cordially supported the measre, observing that those who objected that the landlord would derive al the benefit of the exemption overlooked the fact that these societies generally aspired to purchase the land and premises which they occupied, and to make them their own freeholds. Mr. BOUVERIE said, his opposition to the bill was founded on the fact that the exemption it gave was not con;fined to mechanics' institutes, but -as so wide in its scope that it was impossible to tell where it would stop. Mr. W. EWAVART said that the act which it -was nowv soughtto amend was not limit ed to mechanics' institutes, but extended to societies for promoting literature, science, and the fine arts. The present measure, while it introduced the word"education," expunged the word "exclusively," which had given rise to all the mischief-having been eonstrued to exclude institutions in which a single -newspaper was read. The interpretation put by the courts on the existing law operated most unequaUly, some societies being allowed to enjoy its beenefits, while others within the same category were wholly denied them. The exemption ought either to be repealed or rendered uniform. Mr. HENLEY observed th.at the terns of this bill were so general that the picture gallery of any gentleman, or cven the Opera-house, which had been described in a petition for a chrater as "a sohool of music and dancing," might, under its provisions, to exempted from rates. Mr. STRUTT approved the object of the bill, and hoped its provisions might be so far modified as to meet the objections which had neen raised ly several hon. gentlemen. He thought it most desirable that, if possible, some measures should'jbe passed during the present session to carry out the intentions of the framers oP. the act, which received the assent of the Legislature 12 3 ears ago. Mr. TrxE and Mr. LrDDELL supported the bill. Mr. MASSEY thought thin measure proposed to extend exemptions far beyond the limits contemplated by Parlia. ment when the 6th and 7th of Victoria was passed, and that, under the pretence of affording encouragement to science, literature, and the fine arts, something very like a fraud upon the parochial ratepayers might be practised if the bill was agreed to in its present form. Mr. R. C. HILDYARD, believing that great advantage would result from a relaxation of the existing law, trusted that the opposition to the bill would not be pressed. M hEr. JOHN IIGREGOR hoped the amendment would be vwithdrawn, and that the committee would be alloyed to proceed with the consideration of the clauses. MIfir. IEADLA4M suggestea that, if it were deemed advisable, words might be introduced to limit the application of the exemptions. M Mr. ATHERTON1 supported the biL Mr. BOUVERIE, seeing i;he- sense of the committee against him, would not press .is amendment for reporting progress. The amendment was accordiagly withdrawn, and Clause 1 was agreed to. On clause 2, - r. BOUVERTE repeated lids objections to the clause. After a short conversation, Mr. HUTT stated his intention to introduce words on the reobwhichhe hoped would 'be satisfactory to all pari-es. Mr. BARROW objected to this mode of legiation, and moved that the Chairman rePOrt progress. -The committee divided, when the numbers were- Fo reor eoting proeres .. .. ..265 Against it 117 Maority .. . 1 - ; The consideration of clause 2 was resumed, but a-quarter to 6 o'clock arrived before any deoision was come to, wh en, according to the standing order of the House, no further proceeeding could be taken. 'The Reese resumed, when thebill was ordered to be com - miltted to-morrow pro formu, with a view to the intreoln c tio of amendments. : The Procedure before Justices (Scotland) Bill and the Turnpike Acts Continuance Bill passed through. committee. The Distillation from Rice Bill and the Oxford College EF.states Bill were read a third-time and passed. The House adjourned a few rainutes before 6 o'clock.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIZES Sir,-Can nothing be done to stop tbakinost atrocidos nui-snco, the lIambeth potteries? While other parts of towan are being,gradually improved by the operation of the aoc the s= oko and stench from thepottery district appear to be worse than ever. - Every traveller -from tho Waterloo ter. mnin, 'whd has, per force, tc.tr ve,l throgh this abominabl district, w4il, I am sure, feel obliged to you if you would ldndly ventilate the questio;x of their suppression - or remOY'lo - i an r r enc¢losei car d, and zremain. ,Sir. voe r G1AiiPn+t hnn4SI Benant -. I .D.. ¢
THE PUBLIC HBALTH. (Fromt the Registrar-General's Report, June 2S.) In the week that ended on Saturday the total number of deaths registered in London was 1,118. In the corresponding weeks o,f the ten years 1846-55 the average number was 1,067, which, if raised in proportion tb isicrease of Topulation, for comparison with the deaths of last week, will become 1,174. The number now returned is less than the estimated amount by 56. The present return exhibits an increase on that of the previons week, when the number of deaths was less than a thousand, in consequence of cases on which inquests were held being entered in the registers in considerably more than the duo weekly proportion, which usuaUly happens at the end of a qluarter, The number of deaths referred to the zymotic class of diseases is not affected by this circumstance, and that was last week 223, the average of ten weeks, corrected for population, being 225. Typhus, though it does not increase, continues to be more fatal than any other disease in this class; it numberg 48, of which about a third part occurred in the eastern division of the metropolis, while in each of the fonr other divisions the number was 6 or 8. Measles, which seems to pre-ail chiefly on the south side of the river, was fatal in 41 cases. Smallpox produced only 9 deaths, but 3 of these occurred in the sub-district of Whitecross-street. It is state(i that in a house in Ashley-crescent (Hoxton Newtown), reported to be in good sanitary condition, three children have died of scarlatina within 27 days; and a third case of the same disease has proved fatal in a house in Staples-inn-buildings, mentioned in last report. The fatal cases of diarrheea returned for the week are 16, which is less than the number that usuaUy occurs in the last week of June. Four deaths are referred to cholera, in one of which cases the illnss was of short duration, in another it lasted four-days, and in the two others the disease occurred to infants, anid is returned as "infantile cholera" and " choleraic diarrhoea." Therearegenerallyaffew cases of cholera .in Londonratt:tsseason, andmore at a later period, nnder tho heat of summer. A girl aged nino years died of chorea. A woman died in the workhouse, Whitechapel, at the age of 95. On the 20th of June a baker, whose death was returned in the previous weelk, died in the workhouse Mileend Now Town, at the age of 100. He was a native of Dunse, in Berwickshire. Last week the births of S84 boys and 853 girls,-in all 1,737 children,-werej registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average num-- ber was 1,529. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height Qf the barometer in the week was 29-999 in. The mean daily reading 'was aoove 30 in. on four days. The mean femperature of the week was 63-4 deg., which is 25 deog. above the aveilage of the same week in 3S years (as determinedby Mr. Glaisher). The mear daily temperature was above the average on'the last four days, and on Eriday this excess was 10 8 deg. Onthat day the highest temperature in the shade was S3-1deg., tho lowest 61-8 deg. The lowest in the week was 49 0 deg. on Tuesday; and the entire range of the week wis 34-1 deg. On Friday the highest in the, sun was 105 4 deg. The mean dew-pointtemperature wvas 56-9 deg., and the difference between this' and the mean temperature of the:, air was 6 5 deg.. The, temperature of the water of the Thames varied from 60-5. deg. to 68.9 dog.; the inean of the week was 63 7 deg. :The wind was variable; on Saturday ith blew from the north&3st. There wras no rain inthe week, except some on Sun-- day, the 22d, not measured by the gzuge. RAdvertisement.3The Author of 4'The Gieat Highway.' - he- neW DOTi - CaUted-" The 3ae 6 th.workd- orr VAnW.es of,the Day," by ,W. Palom. autbor of,"alhe Oretm ihwa." jr s,oew ready, at al libraziM 3w, Il .' 3 h with the 'eUowia M5ea'. OMen Os, ,.teelr John leach :-Wed&.1 FaMoses-The- AQI~r C.OO-RIhing t,e,High Ho,w-Hw"Wmk ife -Mfting by )ooC;rftTe 4 t - - -J. ,':,, eI .. ..
- , PooE LAw AN-\D PAurtS uw IFErA-rJ.-A small blue-book of 125 pages contains the ninth annual report of the Irish Poor Law Commissioners, dated the 1st of May, 1856. Thefluctuationsinthenumberoftbeinmates of workhouses during the 52 weeks ended tne 19th of April last ranged from 84,4.65 to 56,518. The greatest ntumber of paupers in receipt of outdoor relief occurred .in the week ended the 28th of April, 1855, and amounted to 771 cases, comprising 1,323 persons, at a cost of 5Sf for the wee. The 2smalest number in receipt of ont door relief occurred in the week ended the 20th September, and amounted to 402 cases, comnrising 061 persons, at a cost of 351. A material diminutioni of pauperisni is going on in Ireland, and the comparison of the past -with the previous 12 months is, on the whole. farinore favourable than the comparison between the preceding year and the year before that. The reports of the inspectors show that the materialimprovement-in thezate of wages noticed in last year's report has not osly been sustained, but hs further advanced, and cquired a still more permanent and healthy aspect. It must at the same time be ob-. served that it has likewise been concurrent with an increase in the price of agricultural produce and the existence of a corresponding stimulus to .agricultural enterprise. It has likewise been concurrent with a very large and abundant growth of potatoes, the lowered value of, which, relatively to the value of other produce, has brought that article recently into more general consumption:th.n was the case for several years succeeding the famine. The sanitary state of the workhouses has been satisfactory, audis a good index to the general salubrity of the people of Iaelmad. TIhe total expenditure during the year waa 685,2591. against 760,1521. in 1854, thus' exhibiting a- decrease of 74,193S., or 10 per ceent. 432,8421. was expended for. in-maintenance, 4,702f. for out relef, and l},8s33f for salaries. -The numnber of person relieved ind 2G714, andoutoef doora 35,432. The sum expendedin efgrationby gusari n28M, yara w l id8591.- ind the riumber aesssted to emigrate iis returnedat ^830. LOlIDOX- QEZER.A O3cB1aUS Cox .-TraflA reCeiPte fOr the 1rwee .nding June 2, 1Q,426f.&. id.
THE MANCHESTER EXHIBITION. nis Roval 3iighnews Prince Albert received yesterday a1 BuckinghamPalace the membersof-theexecntive committee bf the forthcoming Exhibition of the Art Treares of the United Kingdom, consisting of the Mlayor of Manchester,11r. Thomas Fairbarn, chairman; and Messrs. Entidisle, Beron4, - and Stern; with hEr. J. C. Deane, the general commis- - sioner. lord Ellesmere, the president of the generallcouncil of tne exhibition, was prevented by illness from being present, but the deputation was accompanied by L Da Overstone,whobasfromnthefirst announcementoftheprojecb - been one of its heartiest supporters. The several dra-ings of theintended exhibitionbUildingwereveryminntelyi,spec.kd by the l'rince, and Iiis Royal Highness expressed his ap. proval of thegeneral arrangements, and especialy ofthedis-* 'position of the saloonis in the picture galleries. Wetnder. stand the committes were assured that the effort which.< is being made in tlEanchester to form a great collection, -vihich. shaT not only Mustrate the national wealth in art, but he the means of starting a great educational movement for the improvement of the public taste and the creating of a more-wide-spread regard fot art inifuence, was viewed with very lively interest by the Prince, and that whatevejencouragement, by way of example or otherwise, could be afforded from the highest quarters to facilitate the arrangements of the committee and maintain the standard of the collection, as regards its intrinsic excellence andl ralIen would be unlesitatingly afforded.
THE CASE OF THE ADVOCATES N.DOCTORW- COMMONS. TO TBH iEDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-By the Testamentary Bill nov before tie House oE' Commons it is proposed to award compensation to all psr. sons whose interests and emoluments will be damaged by the transference of the jurisdiction now exercised by the :Ecdesiastical Courts, with the exception of the advocates practising in Doctors'-commons. Now, with wvhat show Lf.' reason or fairness can it be maintained that they alone. rhould be excludedfrom compensation for the lass of theirprofessional income? Becausa, as the Solicitor-Genera' stated, in the debake on Thursday last, it is essential to the success of his measure that the opPo-' sition of parties inierested should be punhased oilshould, therefore, the fact of the advocates no' having aAsnmed an attitude of antagonism operate to ih-ir preju.-- dice and put them outide the pale of compensation? Thec' Solicitor-General justifies compensation-to the otherswhosea' interests are affected by the bill on the score of expediency, alone, but I claim higher ground for the advocates, anridemand, in the name of justice, -why not only judges,deputy-registrars, proctors, and clerlis, wnhoe right toc remuneration for loss of their emolmnents I entirely admit, should be compensated, but also why bloated sineousists, such as the Chief-Registrar of the Prerogativc Cour, baby sinecnrists, lady sinrurists, sinecurists in re,n:arsion, and other useless appointees of episcopal nepotism should re-. ceive an equivalent for the abolition of offices wrhich they hold by the onerous tenure of doing nothing, but that the% members of an ancient and hononrable vocation wiho, have qualified themselves for admission at considerable expense of time and money, and whose learning, efficiency. andintegrityaTeunquetstioned, shouldbave their profession, on which they depend for a livelihood, cut up from unlier their feet without receiving any compensation for the injury. Considering the position the advocates occupy 'iM society and the late period of life at which they are ad-' mitted to the bar, in consequence of the degree of Doctor of Laws at Oxford or Cambridge being an indispesable qun-' lification, the loss of professional income would be felt by: none more severely than by them; and it is nothing more; nor lesa than cruel mockery to make answer to their claim for compensation that they will be entitled to practise in the other courts, with the law, practice, and pr ocedure of' which they cannot be presumed to be conversant, as the study and training reqm=itefor thc cihil law bsrflow in a, channelaltogetherdivarg ntfrnomthatthroughwhich aknoovw ledge of common andequity Iaw is derived- Besides, business comes to the advocates from the proctors awi the only recognized source, and, as these will be extinguishled by thea present measure, they wiliheneoforth have to look for clientsamong solicitors, whoec interest and support are pre-occu. pied in favour of their own friends aiia relatives who have been cailed to the other bar... Thus, the years they have spentin Doctors'-cbmonswil be so much timclottothem, and they will hzve-to commence their career anew, under the disadvanttages 'of icrcased. age and of havirg to enter the arena in competition with man who, though considerably their juniors in years, are yet their seniors in standing and experience in their own peculiar profession-hardships which will fall with extreme severity on men wvho have a, length suacceeded in establishing a practice in their own courts. In conclusion, I must not omit to mention theb irz cumstaLce that the advocates are privileged to wear silk gowns, and that they takre rank and position with aerjeantsat-law, but by the Solicitor-General's bill they wll not' only be degraded from the precedence a silk gown confers, but wil be reduced to the level of -Lvie barristers whosi call to the bar (for whiclh they are eligible at a much earlierae) dates from the same period as that of their: dmision into Doctors'-commons; and thus, in addition to -thec cnsAi!ry and other injurieE inflicted on them, they -willM.baato undergo the humiliaton of professional degradaiion. '7 Trusting toycur sense'of justice for the inseri(on of Wbi letter, I have the honour to be. Sir. yours o1edienity' ____ * D.'C. TL~. J uly 2. ;-. hs I L xw I^Bn& = il ae been 1)i-touhti intothe Houtse of C8nrmznsbytpIrish Governmefit0 extomndsthe period forappjy leg for& ale under the:ads-foz~ faciitatlegtgreriale and ',kanhfe'Fb Encunbered DWmsi in! !?a-n( to the 28th of Jily, l857>, A mecond bill oonstite a court oI appeal ink b Doeiy, and aminds the sa .Irsig. to app>e l from the Inak lEnctxainred 13t&tei :Ckzrt A thir blll amesmtI 'the lsaw a ~rct of .tb (iozt: o Chncery. mn relat,on to hie upointnient of receirers over realttte, and exp,dibs tbe e. esin ih aaid.vort~
.-imdyRY-M1 -ETS- Wednesday Evivaing.- * The Igliish ftnds continue their upwalr course, ,and have closed to-day at a further improvement of. i--quarter per cent. ConsoLs. which left off last evening at 9¶5 to , opened at 95 to , aind soon ad-vancedto OSBo -. There were subsequently some *slight fluctuations, but the market at the close was v ell mantained.. For the August account the last transactions were at 961 to 'L Consol Scrip left off -ta4-to - premium. Bail Stock, 217 to. 218Reduced, 96 to ; New. Three per C-ents., 960 to' - Ainuities, 30 years, 12 1-16; India Stoc , 232 'lo 234 Indis Bonds, 14s. to 13s premium; El:'chequexr-bonds, 100 to ;; and Eichequer-bills, 13s. to 16s. premium. In the Stock-Exchanga there is little demand for mnoney. In the discount-market the supply - is abundann, at 4 per cent. At the Bank there is a complete absence of business pending a further reductaon in their Tai-n1mum rate. The mnarket for foreign securities exhibited activity, and the transactions in several cases were at an adv.ance. . Buenos Ayres improved 2 per ,cent., but Turkish were less firm. The bargains in the official list were-Brarsilian, 102; Buenos Ayres, S6; Chilian, 105; Da-ish, 105; Ecuador, 143-; 3he;dcan, 23i 22J Russian Five per Cents., - 112 and 112t-; Sardinian, 92, 1; Spanish, for account 4&k; TTrkish Sixe per Cents., 100i for money, and 1(}f', 107a,. 10&X, and i forwthe account; Turkish auarairteede10t for money, and p 6, i, Ar, anrd for the acCOUnt; and Peruvian Diollar Bonds, 59. The corn-market this morning was again dull, at formner prices.: Thte final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris B3ourse this evening was 72f. 20c. for -the new; account at the end of the month, showing ian improvement of about - per cent. This reco-very is consequent upon the completion of the - monthly settlement, the difficulties of which were greatly mitigated. by numerous purchazes on orders. from this side. At Amsterdam, Vienna, and other continental piaces the stock-markets continue withoxut a .sig,n of animuation. Large amount of silver continue to be purchased uon the continent to meet the demand for India and China, gold beingtransmitted. hence in payment. A new line of screw steamers is about to be started to run from London to Montreal direct. The first rwill sail on the 23d of the present month. She is mtamed the Chester, and is of 567 tons burden, with about 100-horse power. Her cargo will consist chiefly of fine goods, and she will carry only a very - few passengers. The Paris papors of Saturday contain a report of a singularaction brought by a. AL Goupy against the Or6dit Mlobilier for losses sustained by him on the Bourse, owing, as it was alleged, ty spectilative operations and misrepresentations on the part of that company. The Court non-suited the p]aintiff on the ground that he himself was a speculator, andthat the company had not in any way violated their - statutes. The Advocate-Imperial, however, in su7rwmag up, made some strong observations on the mania for g,ambling, and on the stimulus it has received from the Credit Mobilier. He asked if that establishment could look upon the prevailing fever and the prospect of its uiltimate consequences without self-reproach, and inutimated an opinion that, with these things in mind, the company, notwithstanding their great apparent success, shotuld forbear to boast unreservedly of their operations. The London and Paris Bank received theircharter of incorporation yesterday, and, the allotment of shares having been completed, the directors have proceeded to make the requisite call of 401. per share. The authorized isaue of countrynoteshas recently been further reduced by the transfer of the busimess of the bank of Messrs. Davies and Co., at Knighton, to tlhe- branch of the North and South - Wales Bank established in that town. The issue of Messrs. Davies and Co. was 9,0901. In Scotland and Ireland, but not in England, when two banks of issue unite, the united bank can extend its issue to the aggregate amount of the issue of both. The annexed report has been addressed to the *oard of the Royal Swedish Railway by one of the directors who has just returned from a visit to the Works:- "No. 1, Cannon-street, July 2. Gentlemen.-Having returned from Sweden, after an inspection of the railway in which we are all much interested, I have now the pleasure to inform you that onehalf of it,theEastern-viz.,OrebrotoKaping-can certainly, u snder energetic management, be got rZeay for goods aud pasnger traffic in less than five months, and within the estimate handed to you by the engineer of the company. "From my observ-ation of the ordinary daily traffic of the locality-and I have seen much of it-and the awazing increase of that and the passenger traffic since the completion of the branch line to Nord-viz., from Orebro to Dylta en our own line, about 11 miles, and thence to Nord, 10miles, a Lreatlyimprovingirondistrict-itwi-furnlishunequivocaltestimony of what the railvay is cpasble. " You will be pleased to learn that several of the bridges -ae completely flhiished, and, although somewhat costly, they are evidently very solidc and, I may say also, decidedly -ornamental structures. I have little doubt that, if she lie w%vere ready, it would speedily communicate an impetus far and wide, both intellectually and commerciaUy, whichiti would be impossible to repress, and thereby effectually *develope the, resources of the country, which appear to me to be very considerable. It would, indeed, be a blunder now to leave it in abeyance, after so large an outlay 3nd with so much encournagement as we have to complete at least the first half of it. In confirmation of this viewI wonldmerely imention that the Norwegian Line, in every respect a far more difficult one, and consequently more costly, is -nlow fast progressing into a remunerative, one (as the trafac tables prove) for the shareholders. I really wish that the" company generaUy had had the same opportunities which nir. 31artridge and myself have had of andertainiag.some of the capabilities of Sweden, knowing, at the same time, that nothing short of the completion of this and other lines conmnected with it can fully demonstrate them. In cnuclusion, T would,observethat, having had an inte-view with the 31inister of the Interior in Stockholm, I may say that every reasonable facility and inducement will be afforded us in 'the consummation of the first projected and decidedly most -advantageous railway in Sweden. "I am, Gentlemen. &c., " GEOaGE lutLI.E." The following correspondence has taken place respecting the policy stampdulty of Is. on guarantee instruments of reinsurance "June 14. "Sir,-A question arises whether section 6 of the enclosed aet (19th of Victoria, chap. 22) is intended to apply to all instruments or policies by way of indemnity or guarantee, issued before-the passing of the act, being renewable annually by receipt as ordinary policies. Is it to be held that all reinsurance instruments now in force will have to be reissued with the policy stamp, as policies lieretofore9 " I am, &C., " MIr. Thomas Keogh. " JOnv GniMtED. " The section of the act above referred to - "'Be it -enacted; that where an insurance from loss by fire shall be made by any company who shall duly account for and pay the full and proper duties chargeable in respect thereof, the yearly percentage duty shall not be payable in respect of. any reinsuranco effected by such company witn any other company by way of indemnity or guarantee naganst the payment on the original insurance of anyportion ci the money insured thereby, and no other duty thin the stamp duty of Is. chargeable upon a policy of insurance from loss by fire shall be payable upon such reinsurance2' " Inland Revenue, Somerset-house, London, July 1. "Sir,-With reference to your letter, I have to state that guarantee instraments or policies -issued before the passing of the act the 19th of Victoria, chap. 22, to effect . re-insurance were -illegal unless the fire insuranceduty -'was paid, and consequentlythey were not legally renewvable. '-The act alluded to legalizes reinsurances upon payment ef the stamp e'uty of Is. -upon the policy of reisusrance - an d oonsequently the gluarantee instruments of reinsurance should be now cancelled and a stamped policy issued in each case. - - - I may observe that the Is. duty on guarantee policies of reinmsuace is not a new duty, but that instruments of that nature whether before or after the recent act are chargeablo i with it, "I am, Sir, 'c. Wsr. John Grinstedc. L The following on the leather-market during the -- lst month is from Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurxence, and Mortimore "We have seldom had it i our power to report a mora animated demand for leather than during the past month. The supplies of fresh goods have been very inadequate to -the requiremnents of the trade, and advanced prices are readily obtained for all articles, with a tendency to further improvement. It appears more evident thaS the stocks held by deslers are snmal, and the receht inteligence from Australia of an increased damand for boots and shoes has imptrted a deee of activity altogether unexpected at-the ' ternina3tion ot the war." Complaints are, made of annoyance experienced' by the officers of the Custons' Departineint owiig | -to delays which takej, place in the payment of salaries at the end of the quarter.- The authorities - demnand punctuality - from their subordinates, 'and* 'they should abainm front setting them' a -bad examtple, The Bankers' Magazine furnishses the returns of circula3tion of the private and joint-stock banksi in ESgland and Vales for the fom- weeks ending the Vth of June, 185, and gives-the following asthe average-weeldy circulation of those - l during A-he-paat month,- via. - ' - - - - Pzvate b -. - . . . £.. .,15,585 -' - Toint-iock banks ... .... 5 - Average weekly cipelation ... ... {i8 8,002 OA compaug the abwe with the return for ta Preed-iig''ihion; endiiig the,lOtth-f 3Iay la-t, it shows- : ' A decreaso in the cinmlatior of. tho private baa-s gf .. £U5,317 A decrease in the circulation of the joint- stork- bank-s of .... .. ... 81,446 Decrease oh thI month 70..., ... £196)763 And as compared awiththe returnfor the corresponding period of last year-viz-, June 9,1855, it shows- A decreasein the ciruulation of the private ,bans of ... ... .. £15,140 A iecreasb in the circulation of tho joint- stoCk banks of ...- . ... 4,9O3 Decrease on the year ... ... ... £,043 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the following appears t4 be the comparative state of!the.ciroulation *- Tho privatebanks arebelowtheirfixedissues £755,346 Tho joint-stock banks are below their fixed issues ..... ... ... 236,940 Total below their fixed issue . £992,286
TRADE BEPORT. SUGAZ-here hve bo5 Wednesday Evening. SUG.4 B.-There have beeu uao public sales to-day, but there is a very fair inquiry ard business doing. Floatisg cargoes are more in demand, and one of 3,330 boxes yellow Havannah has been disposed of for an outport. CoFFEE.-There were no public sales, buLt there is a finn market privately. CocoA.-The whole of 4,640 bas Ouayaquil were disposed of at 47s. Gd. to 'lBs. Gd. for good. L RIEM-Of 2,400 bags and 960 pockets Bengal offered. nearly the whole was bought in at 1sa. 6d. to 313. for good middalg white; the pockets sold at 9s. 6d. for fine BEam, and 4,20 agaJava were disposed of at 1Us. 6d. to 12s. d. per cwt.; Privately, 100 tons bold white Bengal, old crop, hlave been placed at 12s. per cwrt. tSAsoldrat-i,100 bag-$s Benugfal at1 auction, about twothirs sld a SO. toSOs Gd.for94 t 23percent. refraction. privately, 600 bags at SsGdfo 3to 5,.=ad 29s. 6d. for 12 to 9 per cent. refraction-ch. JUTa.-The auctions to-day comprised 6,720 bales ; the demand was very. good, and prices generally 20s. per ton dearer. The mark W W-W W was in especial request, and 500 bales of So. 3 sold as high as 171. l0s. per ton. (Last week's quotation 15) Prices ranged from 12. i7s. Gd. to 1$!.. 12s. Ud. for common to good middling. Privately, during the week, a good business has been effected. CocmNEAL.-In public sale taday 115bags sold * t m. vious prices-viz.. Teneriffe silver, 3s. 9d. to 3s. lid.; lon duras silver, 3s. 10d. to 4s. Id. TALnowV.-The nmarket is firm; 47s. 6d. is paid on the spot; and 4Ss. 3d. for the last three months.
RAIL IVA Y IIYTELLIGENCE. SCOTTISH CEN'TRA A special meeting of this company was held on Saturday at Perth, to consider two bills in compliance with the standing orders of the House of Lords; the Hon. J. C. Dundas in the chair. Mr. Reid, the solicitor, read the heads of the bill for making a railway from the Scottish Central Rtailway to the town of Denny. The CHassncnr, in mnovinga formal resolution approving the bill, adverted to the opposition given to it by the Caledonian Company. They had dons all they could to prevent oplxosrtson, but, unfortunately, without effect. Colonel IoIIssNrow seconded the motion;* . and the resolut.ion w as unanimously adopted. The solicitor then read the heads of the hiP for making a railway from the Scottish Central Railway at Dunblane to Doune and Callander. The Ca.ntxRNA moved a formal resolution approving'tbe bill, which was seconded by Mr, A. TU:NSTuLL and unanimously adonted. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. ABERDEEN, PETERHEAD, AMD FRASERBURGR. It was stated in 2lie Tiee of Tuesday that an influential deputation of the citizens of Aberdeen had been appointed to use every effort in the House of Lords in order to get the dock branch of the above railway so altered as not to pass through 'the Links," or public common, near Aberdeen. The agents for the bill state that a number of the citizens, equally large and respectable, who entertain an opposite iew upon this point have signed a petiton in favour of the hill, including the Harbomp branch through the Links about two acres of which only will be required for the puirposes of the railway, and that this portion of the community as also represented by an influential deputation to give effect to their view-s in the progress of the bill through the Houtse of lords. DIJTCH RHMSH:S. The amnnal meeting of this company took place at Amsterdam on Monday, and was attended on behsaf of the English shareholders by MIessrs. Charles Holland, S. A. Tinne, Thomas Bunch, Henry Harrison, 3. Robinson, and H. C. Blobe. These geutlemsn represented 50.000 shares, giving 950 votes,the total number to which the shareholderspresent were authorized being 1,022. The report, which congratulated the proprietors upon the completion of the Dutch Rhenish line proper, and the prospect of the speedy opening of the junction between :3mmerich and Oberhausen, which latter event would alone. thoroughly develops the merits of the line, was ordered to be printed and circulated, and a dividend of 3s. 4d. per share was declared for the last half-year. Mr. Faber Van Rienmsdyk was elected chairman of the meeting. Upon the motion to re-elect the retiring directors, MIr. Donker Curtius announced his determination to resign the office of president of the direction, chiefly because he could not agree with several propositions, emanating from the English proprietors, as to the future management and development of the railwray. 3JL Curtias entertained the belief that the organization of a traffic committee was contrary to the statutes, and'tnded to interfere with his duties and responsibilities as c'hairman of the beard. Mr. Boucs said he regretted the resignation of Mr. Curtns, hut the time had arrived when it was essential td determine how best the resources of the undertaking could be developed; hence the' suggestion that a traffic committee should be appointed. He admitted that MEr. Curtius had rescued the property at -a time of iumminent danger, and he sincerely wished that- 110 could have continued as their president. Ho concluded by msoving that MEessrs. Zillesen and Van Oostveen be re-elected directors of the company. M. HoLnA then inoved that the meeting be adjourned to elect a president, in the room of Mr. Curtius. Their only wish now was to work the line economically for the shareholders-and beneficially for the country; and Mr. CmursPLu, both as a director and the latgest individual proprietor, agreed with him in the recessity for taking time to consider the appointment of a new chairman. The resolution having been adonted, Mr. HARntsoN, moved the re-election of the retiring commissaries, substituting, however, the name of M1r. Tomasachi for that of Mr. Godefroi. Mr. TISNn proposed that Mr. Hesleden's salary should be raised to 1,0001. per aninum, from the 1st of May, 1855, wbich was agreed to be recommended. Mr. -J. Ronsu;sox, of Liverpool, moved a resolution to the effect that the shareholders fully recognized the services of the commissaries, directors, and officers of the company, andpledged themselves to call a specisl meeting of the company, so seon as the junction with the Prussian lines was effected, with a view to voting them such remuneration as may then be deemed advisable. The motion was seconded and, carried. Avote of thanks tothe chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. RAILWAY' TRAIC. Mes Baa- Mer- Total Total Railways open. eaers. chacdiae. 1358. 1155. Fortnight ending hlay . A Demerara ..... ... .. ..5.. - Week ending June 21. Edinburgh and Glasgow 142 8 .. ,1 .. 43q Week ending Jane 22.1 Great Worthern .. .. 283 -1,55 20, .i edonlan .. .. .. 191 - .. - 12,237 -. 3..206 North Staffordshire- .. 233 .. - .. - .. 7.647 6,658 Wsortb'Devon 35 . - , _ 459 $59 Week ending Jnse 25. MonsandMtanage .. .. 21 , 99 -. 752 -. 851 8. ,35 Week ending Juns 2s. Llanely.. .. .. .. 28.. 459 . - 'Belfat and Baflymenal . . - - . - .. 1,063 .. 783 Cork, Elacirock, and raa- zage .. .. .. - .. - .. - .. 267.. 229 Corkand Bandon -- .. 20 . - . 290 .. 230 Week ending June 29. TondoLeand South-Westera - ..15,123.. 4,229 ..19,352 ..17,733 MSancbester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshiret .. .. 71 .. - .. - .. 9,610 .. 9,247 ewport. Abergavenny, an4 He-eford. 40 - - .. 1,238 .. 785 Gret Luxembouzg. . .5 . 6- -. - Belfast and Counts Down - - . -. 285 . 293 * Eiclusive of traffic due under areement with the London and North-Westem RailwayCompany. t Including half of the eSanchester,-SouthJumction. andAltrincham receipts, Grimsby Dock duties, and Chesterfield Canalreoeiptg.
THE COBN TRADE. CORN-EXOikAXGE. WLfDlnA. JUtY 2. The arriva3s of grain continue extremel4 shortw with the exception of Oats. There ras no Llteration to-day in the state of trade. Holders did not evince any dispositioi to relax their demands, and business was ARIUrVAL DUBLIN, JuLy 1. In consequence of the very fne weather and the dull accounts from England our market to-day was again very depressed. Wheat was td, and oats 6d. to 9d. cheaper than on kYriday: andevenatthcse reductions t,usnesi to any extent was not practicable. No barley oa show. Indizn com met a very ilor sale, at a decline of 6d. to 1s. per Quarter. -
; &S COLZI-CMPBELL-IY GLASGOW. - - i I . . . I .. ' (-' Ab*lded fci iheOtjQb.hiy Buldin.)- At 12 o'clock this day (Tueday) one of the most brilliant opan e.tliatever met inkGlagcW asmembled in the citylsall.todo honour to the distigubised hero of i hundred ,fights, Major-General Sir CoEn Campbell. Almost every one. of. our .citizens W., desirous of seeing ,tne renorwned veteran. -The excitement in the City.'w5L most intenie at the time S ir. Colin was expete and- whei the m2rt' ge reached the Royal Exchange in Qo n-street the. carnage containing the illustrious wnrrior was surrounded by -thousiands cf -his enthusiastic admirers, who applasdid him most vociferously. Sir Colins appearance in the hll wai the signal for a, tremendous outburst of warm and prolqugid xpp&use and Tociferons cheering, during which was played thee te Conquefiug Hero comes.": The chair was taken at 12 o'clock by the Eight Ron. the Lord Provost; who was supported on the rght by Sir Colin Campbelt Sir A. Alison. Bais Wnight, B B eY and on the left by Bailie Hannan, Bailie Thomson, Baie Clouston,EBalie Taylor, and other gentlemen The LosD PRovOST roae amid applause and spo}e is follows:-Gentlemen,-It is now many months ago, xad when General Sir Colin Campbell nd his brave companions were before the walls of Sebastopol, amidthe r of cannon, that -the corporation of Glasgow, with a wish to cheer thesebrave men in their difficalties, ungnimously voted the freedom o£ this anrient burgh to the hero of Balaldavi. (Cheers.) EisLordshipthen,addressingSirColin, proceeded to say:-Wec, tho Lord Provost, magistrate and council, are therefore met to-day, in the City Hal, m presence of 3.000 of our citizens, .to ask you, Sir, to receive this honour. The intrinsic worth of the gift is small to a man in, your prond position; but I have no doubt the value of the presentation will be immeasurably enhanced in your estimition when Itell you that, with this box and burgess ticket, I am ask-ed, in the name of this large city and neighbos-r hood, numnbering nearly half a milion of inhabitants, to convey to you the admiration they entertain of your care4r as a soldier-and a warrior, and of the glory you have won for yourself, and the lustro you. have shed on- your uative city, by the faithful and gallant discharge of your duty so your Queen and to your country. Sir, I find it is over 0- years since you left our High School to engage in a military life, and that dunng that long term of years yonr namehisi' been frequently andhonourablv mentioned in the military despatches from every country and clime where British arms were required in the service of the Crown. (Loud cheers.) It:is a matter of pride for us to knoWL th*t you first learnt the art of var under our brave and ever to be lamented townsman Sir John Moore, and that you were with him in his memorable advance and at ris retreat on Corunna in 1808; that you were also in the Walcheren expedition in 1809, in the Peninsula with the Great Dskei from 1810 to 1813, and were present and took an active part in most of the brilliant achievements of those great campaigns, at some of which yon were soverely wounded; that you served in America durinn 1814 and 1815, in Demerara in 1823, in the expedition to China. in 1842, and in India from 1848 till 1862, wvhere you covered yourself vrith honour and gained those laurels wrhich stamped you as an officer worthy of a nation's praise. But, Sir, it has been during the lst two yearsin the Crimea,. when the eyes of all the wrorld were turned to the desperate. con'dict of nalms which was to test the military powvers of the greatast nations of the earth, that yourfellow-townsmen have been led more particularly to watch your movements; and I have now to inform you, in the name of this city and neighbourhood, that your conduct in command of the Hhlandersat Alma, of the "tbinredline"ofBalakla-va,and before Sebastopol, has stamped you as one of the bravest of the brave. (Cheers.) You, Sir, may be said, from youth to age, to have spent your days and nights on the field, tos have encountered the dangers of every form of combat,. to have braved every physical endurance with devotion and self.sacrifice, and thus to rank high among the, family of true heroes, maaling us prouder of our oldcity Irom your having been born among is. Far be it from me, Sir, in thus doing faint justice to your. distinguished services to detract in the least from the bravery of the whole British army and the high courage of our no less brave allies; but, as Scotcmen, we recur -with pride to the achievements of our gallant countrymen. When Iname Generals Sir George Cathcart, Sir John Campbell, and Goldie, who fell in the midst of victory-Sir George Brown, and the hero of.the Redan, Sir James Simpson, aitd the gallant officers and men who supported them, we must feel that Scotland, through them, maintained her ancient renown, and the high place she has ever won when the nation enjoined her daring sons to stand by her inthe hour of danger. Knowing that the British public will applaud the act, and having the hearty concurrence of +ths come. munity, Ibeg, in the name of the Municipal Council, as- a- mark of our esteem, and for the valuable military services you have rendered to your country, to present you, General Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B., with the freedom of the city of Glasgow. (Hi Lordship resumed his seat amid enthusiastic, aplEsuLship then handed the burgess ticket to Sir Coan, enclosed in a handsome box of solid gold, amid great ap- Sir C. CAa3WM=, on receiving the diploma, said,-My Lord Provost, ladies, and gentlemen,-On arriving to-day in my native city, after an absence of upwards of half a century, it has become my lot to receive this civic honouar, and'it is also intended to confer another honour of a military Iind. (Cheers.) These both coming from my townsmen, itis hard to say which I value most highly. I can say that I shaU always be ready to draw the sword, about to be presented to me, in defence of my freedom. (Great applause.) I shall always value, as I ought to do, highly and gratefully, the manner of my reception to-day, and the great honour conferred and about-to be confered on me. The recompensa whlch I desire to give you is in every possible way to do my duty to my country. (Sir Colin sat down amid tremendous cheering.) Sir A. Awsox, amid much applause, rose and said,-Sir Cohn Campbell, -you have just received from the LoId Provost andmagistrates of this citythe highest honourwhi7hi they have it in their power to bestow. It is now ThyJ honoured privilage to present to you a testimonial 'of another description-a sword, the gift of 6,000 of your grateful countrymen, in token of admiration of your distineuished services and respect for your manly eharacter. ?.Applause.) Such and so varied General, have been your en-ploits, that the victories of Wellington, manyand splendfd as they were, form but au episode in yont gloriouscareer. (Cheers.) FronthetimewhentheBritish armies landed in Spain in 1808, under their renowned leader, to that when the combined standards of France and England waved over the ruins of Sebastopol, you have borne a part in nearl all the triumphs which have immortalized their arms. (Renewedcheering.) Yon shaed asayoung officer in the glorious charge which at Vimiera first taught the legions of Napoleon the prowess of the British arms; you underwent the hardships of the Corunna retreat, and partook of the mournful triumph 'which at its close reS deemed their character. To enumerate the many fields of fame in which your courage and prowess have been subsequently proved would bc to recount the long series of Welh'ngtoni's victories. Fortune gave you an opportunity, in your changeful career, of evincing all the virtues of a soldier; for if, in the defence of Tariff you proved how the fiercest attack ran be shattered by the steadiness of British Grenadiers, in leading the forlorn hope at St. Sebastian you showed that even the strongest ramparts can be carried by their impetuous assault. The battles of Barrossa and Vittoria, and the passage of the Bidassoa, have subsequently caled forth your military es in the field; and you there learned, nuder your immortal leader, the arts of strategy and war in its highcst department, -which yon subsequently applied wit such decisive effect in the fields of Asia. ',hen Wellington sheathed his victorious sword, and applied to peace those talentswhichhadgainedfor his country such renown in war, you did not close your military career. You souglht in the West andElse those fields which were no loiget to bh found in Europe, and then the scholar of Wellington proved himself worthy of his immortal master. The brief but bloody campaign in America in 1814 witnessed your military talent, as if to leave no part of the world which oould not bear testimony to it; but the wars in the East prcsented a field more worthy of your talents and experience. At the head of the 98th Regiment you did good service in the struggle in China, and bore a psrt in those decisive operations near Nankin, which at once prostrated the strength of an em pire wiclding the resGurces of 350,090,000 men. (Cheers.) You shared m the severest battles in the Punjab in 1849, stemmed the tide of disaster at Rumnu. gur and Chillianwallah, and swelled the flood of victory in the decisive triumoh of Goojerat. To recount your many and varied exploits since that time in India, terminating with the route of Iskakote, when, -with 3,000 men, you defeated 8,000, wrould exceed the limits prescribed for-this occ.-sion. ( Applause.).I hasten to the last and mostglorions p art of your military career, when, at the head of the Highland Brigade, you were- despatched to sustain the ancient military honour of yonr country-in the arduous conflict inl-the Criea. You there founDd a field worthy o£ your renown. Yon were there to confront the best toops of continental Europe, to fight side by side withthe victors of Austerlitz, and to measure swords with -the conquerors of Leipsic. (Hear.) Bnt if the crisis was perilous you proved yourself equal to it. If the danger was great, great also was tlha glory won, great the triumph acieved. It ws your moral resolution, which, at the decisive moment, brought forward tha Highland Brigade, along vith the Guards, to theattack ofthe key of the enemies' position in the Alma ; it waS your undaunted personal coure which ..led you at their head into the msidstof the enemies' tirsilleurs, nd, though your horse was shot dead *under you, enabled yonto plant the British standard on the bloodstair.ed P.nssian entrenchents. (Great applause.) litary historians of all countries concur in ascribing to that splendidanttack th"e glorious victory which eventually vol. bowved it, fraught, as the event uroved, after an arduous struggle, with theultimate fate of thewar. At Balakiava you performed the feat,- so rare in war, of defeating the charge of a powerful body of-_ussian horse by the 93d iReeiment in line. liorwasyour confidence in the brave men you comm ed mmplac d on that occasion; for Ihave i t from the best authority, that sauoh wasthepreison of their fire that scarcely a Muscovite horse was unwounded after theirudischarge. The famne now acquired for yonriehf and the ighlanders whom roa commanded, and whom Pelisier has deocrbed athe finet a nd most splendid troops in the world,"-led to their being intruesed d - the winter and spring wrhich followed with the pO honour,'thxt.of defending the heights around Balaava- the vital uarter most exposed to attack fromtheimmensely superior force of the enemy, which covered the armies a'onimun io ns-the point where the thunderloud which had t soloeig hung over the: Tchernays at last broke, and _where defeat would hare been ruin to the whole rmy. . It. was to the skill with which yo- fortified, and the vigilanoe With which'you guardea, that importint post, as well as the heroio valour of the English troops, that the- fadlure of the well.copeived combined attacl, of vhich the bittle of In:kermann Wa apart, is tobeaseribed. (Cheerm, Duingthe terrle. tnter whichr followed, wh-en the sirife writh '3ien-had. ceased, bitt that w ith the elements bedan -s admitiskati'e powes shone forth with the hight lustre, mu there is not a oldier i-you r diviion who wrill not ecount how their beoved oomsaadw was to 'ble seen, re~es alike of the iloods of aat"'in ' ll t -o o' J an. late, iadefti d the affiiS Wg her. h d :.h o adamswiy u* _- .tly . en _.z -i oither services aind -other-depatrments, biit' no 6iie hag -beeidi whkperof*n&h compintlintEefighlThidDivi"con. Tbe result was, that that divisn was so preserved th4 it obtained also the posi of honour in the decisive eventw rwhichfollowred, for thieywre brought up to the trenches I duing the latter ewocths of the siege, whei the daner had become greatest, and hundreds peI shd everyinght in ,ethe de.diy strifein the tranchee, vatothemi was int e i I*both aaults of the 1 of June and 8th of septembir-theb perilous dutyof inaintaining the work when 'carried-,-ie dut5,itis well knon, in aZl Oriental 'wars, -of -ioat difficulty an d.danguirs wa - prkved too 'derly im4hT storming both of the Mlakhoff and thfe Reda. 4- d when the decisive momant arnved-when the fate ot-the war quivered in the lelsace-when 700 noble- lay dead in the bloy ditches of that formidaEle ortrehs, it was to teHhland Division tltalt eAl ere turned to renew the - ', and with Rilend I yoiiet= that the front trenceb were lined to zuah ip the ed&uguined slope with the Git dawn of the day. (keers4 W4a4 the-rult cfthat saalt would have been ludit not beo prevented by the Biu&*n xetreat, it is not foranh to qseyor ortane.offen disposes of the best-conceived nsiLar o a tions; but of this I wn well assred-that nothing 'ich: s al nd,experienoe o>alid suggest would have-bee rwauntny to insure its sucoess; and hd the asult been eleiveaid, I much fear that your ardour, as a soldier, would hzave e You to forget your .daies as a general, ard thlt the stro eho wa h ist on the lech of St. Sebsiamn woulc. not biver beenthe lstinxthe e6 brasures of the Bedan. Sine 'thAt time, I speak the voioe of the whole army and:of its hirest and noblest leaders,. wrhen I say, you, have -nct ofctujied the position in it.to whaich your long and glorious servloes entiled you; but tbOuig I may, in common viith others, 13ment that. for the sake of your aountry, I muinot but rejoice at it for the sake of yourself. Atlasabrought 'to light the inherent tiobleness of'yoar character, whichmight otherwise haive remained- concealed. It 'has shown that in the school of Wellington you have learnthot only to -conquer others but to subdue Yourself; and, like h'un, you can subjugate thestrongest' feelings of apersoroaI .kind at the call of pa,triotic duty a7d a chivalro=s evolionr to a revered Sovereign. Yielding to natural. and w-ellfounded feelings, you returnea home-in springlast; but at the call of your Sove.reign and you- countnryyou rejoijied your gallant soldiers, prepared to brave alikenthe hardshi of aecampaign at the bead of ytour coapc dta.ts7e in. Sher waterless msountains ,of the Criea;: or sustain an aduone struggle in .the snowy ridgesof the Caucasus. You dclrthis at a time when most men would seek-and none were: so well entitled 'to lind-repose after the, fatigues of a life oE glory-proving that you are alike superior to the love of ease, the first wish of' ordinary minds, aud the whispe of umbition, the. last infirnity of noble ones. Yow have now returned to your country, where the star of peace .again shines noon the earth, and yoa have ;beena received an honoured guest in the hulls of your S6vereign But I am confident that, shouldthe storms of -rar agn aise, the sword. whbichlnowpresentto vouwMvill ain beedswn in defence of your country, and again achsdve deeds an example to allfuture times, and which will livefor*everinits grateful'erollections; and, however feeblesn'mhave been my etxpresion of the feelings with which aztth5 moment sll in this vast assembly are animated, I ain conaIidentthat the applau)e which vill follow your reception of it will cause yuto feelfor amoment ." the elecktic shoclioF'a nation's gartitude. (L aoud applause.)'' When the learned Sheriff presented thevword the wh*ola audience rose, and game three heartyand enthusiasticzrounda. of cheering. .Sir Corry CipnsPB then rose and said,-Sir Archibal& and fellow-countrymen, I was quite unprepared for the eloquent, manner in wlhich this honour has been done. :fn (Applause.) I can nrever forget the reception I have met with 'on this occasicn, and the honours which have been. conferred on me, surpasing, in amount of zecompense,'all the services I have been able to perform. (Great cheering.) There is another pa*ty who ought not to beforgottenon. this occasion. I owe sab this to my hardy veteran soldiers of the Hi"hland Brigade (cheers), andtothemris thehonour due for w;iat you have now conferred on me. 'This' should not be forgotten-that these are conferred in their name as -well as my ownl. (Tremendous chesnng)''' On the motion of MIr. '10XoT Trr, of Carstirs, threw cheers -were given for Sir ArchibaldAlison and shorty thereafter the inmnense assemblage dispersed.-
TO THE &DITOR OF THE TIil,& Sir,-In your ledaer of this morning you state, " Honour to those to whom honour is due, and it ahDuld not bc omitted that the chief cost of the war has been borne by the more wealthy ciasses." Allow me, as a poor elerk, to inquire if with a elary oE lOOl. per annum, paying income-tax out of so pitiful a .sum I havo not contri utea a far larger amount re proportioa towards deraying the cost of the war thau those who pomeesslarge landed or ftinded property, which descends i% their children, while my inoome expires with my life. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A MATCBESTER CLERK. iMauchester, July.L
CIVIL SRVICI (EST IDIA).-Yesterda 'was published n copy of farther correRvondeno3 reeen the regulations fravned by the Commisioners for the Ais ot India for the exanxr=.tion of candidates for appoint. cent tw the Civ Service of the Ast Inai Com n_y.-Az extact of a letter from the Secretry of thejndraMo~dto the secretay of the Court of Directors commencs thj peper. This info t thie comany ta the fie1ic are Already aware), that hie Prdent of te Bo"rd. of 9cdtro has determined to wes the seoond emion so f a conoerns the candidates selected last July and toioe tok be selected this Jrly,, and to -require that the former ashll embark forIndia before the end of Augu and; the lattser before the end of {Dctober. Then follo a eon pt letter from the RightIRon. F. Vernon Smith, 1L .P.4Ereiident of the Board of Control, to Mr. T. acauUy thet ex-member for Edinhnrgh. Mr. Macslay, it A= ita fxst took it for granted that there were ohbe- two examinations and an interval of probtion betweenhihem, b-t -on xa full consideration, h sarriead at the conclusion that there ought only to be one exxmination, and no pesioddo profbtion. Wr.. Lefere2'expremd his concurrenci withl Mr. Xacanay's opinion=,4 and Lor- Ashibrtsi on fied his m- st in eonTersatiou. Xx. Vernon Smith wat ft unwllmg to alter the esting cheme butt at &reqne ba been Nt home Iy the Gonent of I fra lager apply of ew unhan har te ei~il meev - Abe 1 c eanse of eompl$agyueth it .xoepst by suupe.aii_. i .forth lgeeet the dogMa nx{ah. Aaodi. gl3,th wilt et be ecn e zanm iats ,lat _e.r XtheI 14ss.
LONDON, THURSDAY, -JULY 3, 1856. I:n the House of Commons yesterday, the Judgments' Execution- Bill having been read a second time, some discussion arose upon the motion that it be comnimitted, which was'. at len,th agreed. to. The adjourned debate upon the. second reading of -the Bleaching, &c., Works (No. 2) Bill was re. sumed byy- b ir. BAXxa, who said he thought that at 'this period of the session it - waa impossible to proceed with this- bill which shoulad have been considered jby a.select ecmmittee. Petitions from masters and workmaen haa been presented' .against 'the measure, the effect of which would be toZubstitite made for female labour,. The second reading was supported by Colonel Drmbx and Mr. MunnouGH, and opposed by r. Sir J. GxAuin did not see -much use in pre6sing the bill at so late a period of the session. The question, he observed, was. -very fully considered .in 1845, when hoethought a distinction existed between factories and bleaching works, and the Legislature drew that distinction. 1This bill did not altogether correspond with the report of Dir. TREmENHExR; and, if it did, there was a grievous error c? the face of that report. In mattcrs of this sort the minfinum of interference was the maximuz, of wisdom, and he viewed all measures of this kind with extreme jealousy. It was admitted that the bleaching trade was exposed to- severe coinpetitioii with foreign rivals, and if, as Mr. ThnmmEBRE stated, the effect of his' suggestions would add 10 per cent, to the cost of ptoduction, it woulld insure the success of thoseforeign rivals. There shoul(d be a select committee to inquire into the whole subject, and he hoped the House would not proceed with the bill this session. Mfr. NEWDEASET likewise recommended the postponement of the bill. Sir G. GBEY had anderstood that the bill was to be postponed, with a view of referring the matter to a select coiittee next-session. Tr. I. Bu said he had no wish for further inquir; but if the House desired that the bill should be writhdawn until next session, he would withdraw it with that understanding. r.Ir. DBnRUMMOND urged Mr. Burr not to give way, but to stand firm to his principle, and go to a division upon the second reading of the bill. Lord R. Gnosv&NoB concurred in this recommendation, unless the Govermnent consented to issue a Royal Commission. Mr. CA}Riwmu controverted the do^trine laid down by Mir. Dnu1JxoN of an antagonism between capital and labour, which, he observed, was an exploded fallacy. -He thought it would be unwise to read this bill a second time before a full inquiry into the subject had taken pl&ce before a seet commilttee. Mr. COBB=xu said-he -had visited the districts where bleaching works were situated, and could bear testimony to the fact that persons were employed there for 16 and even 20 hours a day in a temperature varying from 900 to 130°. He read a statement of the severe labour to which the operative bleachers were subjected, merchants and manu|facturers, he said, frequently sending goods to a bleacher one day with an order that they must be finished by 12 o'clock the next. MIany of the master-bleachers were in favour of legislation upon the subject, and he recommended Mr. BUTT to persevere. MIr. BAIns pledged the -Government, if the bill were withdrawn, to consent to the appointment of a committee next session. Mr. KiRx said no such cruelty as that stated by lMr. ConBEIT was practised in the linen bleachworks of Ireland. Mr. MuiTZ supported the bill. It was manifest, he thought, that some legislation upon this subject was imperatively required. Lord NAAs urged the rejectioli of the bill, as superfluous, and possibly mischievous. Mr. WALTER, although he thought some good might result from referri ~gthe subject to a select committee, should vote for the second reading, if it were pressed. It was often said, he remarked, that bills of this kind interfered with manufactures; but political economists overlooked the 1,000,000 of children yearly added to our population, by far the mnost interesting and important of our productions. The Legislature would, in his opinion, grossly neglect its duty if it did not take care that the youth of this country, upon whom its future strength and greatness depended, were so brought up thav the development of their mental and bodily powYers was not impeded by over-work. After some further discussion, the House divided, when the second reading was negatived by 109 to 65. The Registration of Leases (Scotland) BiU passed through committee, and the mouse then went into committee upon the Scientific and Literary Societies Bill, and was occupied with the consideration of its clauses during the remainder of the sitting. Some bills were advanced a stage, and the House adjourned a few minutes before 6 o'clock.
The amended Divorce DiU comes again before the. Lords this evening. We presume that it is unnecessary -we should dilate upon its provisions, or recapitulate at length the arguments which have been advanced for it and against it. The fact is, that Englishwomen do labour under certain disadvantages; that they are subject to injustice, cruelty, and wrong, without remedy and vithout support. We are not now speaking of those sentimental grievances which have been recently paraded by certain champions more adventurces than discreet. We think this championship has done far more harm than good. It has conjured up fictitious wrongs for sympathy when real wrongs abounded; and, because the condition of some woomen was very hard, it sought to make the condition of all men harder still. IHad it contented itself with battling the open and acknowledged vices of a faulty system it would have enlisted the sympathy and support of public opinion on- its side. But, instead of this, it set out vith an audacious proposal for transferTing to swives all the pecuniary privileges of husbands, without transferring the pecuniary responsibilities at the same time. According to this scheme wives were to be " Bloomers," or Amazons, or anything else more masculine, as far as touching the money-chest or contracting debts went, but were to subside into a state of the most tender and helpless womanhood as soon as a question of payment was started. They were to run counter to the strean of custom, privilege, and authority, by keeping and eating their cake too. By some new dodge of law the poor husband was to be jealously fenced off, and strict,ly excluded from any participation in the conjugal earnings. But, though precluded fron part-ownership of the chattels of his own partner, he was to be admitted to the fullest privileges of paying her debts either in person or by purse. Such was the adventurous scheme propounded for avenging the wrongs of women and perpetuating the harmony of the domestic hearth. But the bill which Lord 12'crqntRsT has introduced has a very different object. It deals not with extravagant exceptions or imagined injuries, but with real,. hard, tangible wrongs. It does not make a law for reversing the natural relations, of all married men and women, - but simply for remedying the unnatural relations of those whose maxried life would otherwise be liopelessly and helplessly -wretched. It does not propose to sow the ieeds of mutual suspicion, discord, and contention between couples who, in the natural course of events, would be trusting and sympathetic; but to separate those whose only tie is that which binds the victim to the oppressor, the injured to the wrongdoer In introducing the bill the great Conservative Reformer reminded their Lordships that, as the law now stands, a woman may be married to a man who is at once faithless, extravagant, and cruel; who, not content with the sin of adultery, adds to it the cowardice and barbarity of personal violence,' no less than the extortion of selfish extravagance; yet from this man, even though tainted with a felon's guilt and brandedby a felon's 'doom, the wife cannot be effectually separated, unless, in the refinement of vice, the husband ha, complicated adultery with incest. Then, indeed, the law is merciful, and, if she can find_ the means .o support a most 'costly suit, the'law saves the wife' from furaler pollution. But, under all degrees of sin, shame,, and suffering short of this, it gives no' real aid, offers no enduring shelter. The wife is linked, bodily bolind for' 'ife,, to 'the man -who' has insulted} her delicacy, violated hler. slf-respect, and,, it may be, lavished her fortiuiei on his' b gros o gilty 'pleasures.'' She has, 'indeed, .the. shado*k 'of a protection in the Ecclesiastical Court; but it is a miserable phantom. Though the partial divorce -which'that venerable tribunal can decree to some extent impairm the personal unity of the maiTiage bond, it does not seem to affect that other unity to which bad husbands may attach higlLer importance-the unity of property. Should the wife whonm cruelty or infidelity ha, driven to the precincts, of this court, and whQ through its decision- is restored to the immunity, of a finemly sole, W come, into the posse3sion tof property not strictly settled, she -then finds that''her privilege i3a mookery and . delusion; the umity, -which' she fondly hoped had Been dissolvfd, 3gain starts .intosubgtance to vexher with its exactions; and the husband, whose more active annoyance had been suspended for a time, resumes his former aggression aud spoliation. Stich is the sole remedy now attainable by the injured wife; aremedywhichleaves her without-the substance and almost without the forim of reparation. But this same woman, who has so slight a hold on the law's sympathies whven injured, offers a too palpable mark to the law's sting not only when she is convicted, but even: when she is suspected of doing wrong. She may be condemned unheard in a court to which shelhas not been cited, on the evidence of witnesses whom she cannot examine, by the collusion: of a wicked husband and a vindictive lover. Her name may be soiled witl infamy, a thounand calumnies endorsed with all the solemnity of the highest truth, and a judgment obtained by perjury and collusion from one tiibunal may succeed in inducing another to despoil her of the title and privilege of a wife., It is to put all end to such anomalies as these. that Lord LvxnuunsT's bill has been framed ; to give redress to women not only when outraged by the incestuous adultery which now extorts divorce, but also when subjected under certain circumstancesof peculiar aggravation to the cruelty of a brutal, or the infidelity of' a profligate, or the contamination of a felon husband; to break and destroy that figment of unity of wvhich.they have felt only the bitterness and the mockery; and to restore to them those rights of which'their legal protectors have proved themselves suchweak and unfit trustees. More than this, it proposes to give both men and -women whom wrong on either side has rendered unworthyaud unfit to maintain the external semblance of union-who cannot longer live together without mutual disgust and loathing-the power of legalizing that separation which nature and morality demand at a less frightful cost than our present laws extort. Again, it proposes to eliminate gradually, tlhough it is not permitted to abrogate positively, that odious action for damages, which has been so long the shame and blot of our civil jurisprudence. That a biU of this kind will ba opposed, as it has been opposed before, we do not doubt; that it may be delayed now is only too possible; but that it will be ultimately opposed successfully we believe to be most improbable. Thle House of Lords has, by a majority of voices and preponderance of reason, already pronounced against a system which affoids a questionable protection to the morality of the nation by making it impossible for persecuted wgives to get rid of bad husbands at any price, and equally impossible for injured husbands to get rid of bad wives, except at a price which is, to the majority of the people, not merely oppressive, but preposterows ; and we have no reason for doubting that it will abide by the wisdom of its previous decision.
We do not see that any harm has conie from the debates on the American question. Governmeat cannot complain, for they carried the final vote triumphantly. The Opposition speakers cannot complain, for they have had their say. Ir. Moorn has relieved his labouring breast. It in cruel to hon. members who have gone about for some weeks big with an argument not to give them the opportunity of revealing it. A vent ought to be allowed to minds in this interesting situation. An unexpressed argument preys upon the system, and consumes the inmer man like a smoking volcano. The Opposition speakers, then, have no reason to complain. We are sure Da. GLADSTONE has no reason to complain, for he has argued successfully 'with the minority and voted successfuly with the majority; so everything has gone well with him. All this is, we are sure, much better than the sinothering system. Government cannot now be taunted with not having faced the House, and they mray be sure, moreover, that even the Opposition speaLers are in mnuch better humour 'with them than they would have been had they been kept dutmb. A man never feels so benevolent to you as wlhen he thinks he has demolished you. He is angry and suLky up to the point of your annilhilation, but, that point attained, his honest desires are satisfied, and he reposes in genial satisfaction with himself, with you, aud with mank-ind generally. Nor has the debate produced anything to hamper Government or interfere with the proper settlement of the question. Nothing has been said to exasperate the United States. That result has, at any rate, been avoided, for, while Ministers confined themselves strictly to the line of their despatches, so that whatever was said on their side of the question was only the old statement repeatedwithout anynewembittering ingredient, the Opposition speakers appeared to have had no other aim but to try how miuch they could flatter and praise the United States'Government at the expense of our own. At the same time, the United States' Government will see that, while the case against our Government has been stated with an argumentative copiousness and force which had not been before employed, no change has really taken place in the balance of the argument. The case remains afterthe debate very much what it was before, ony with the :difference that it is now more fully understood, and that the arguments on both sides have been more popularly and rhetorically stated. Indeed, it is curious to see, when a case is in itself a confLicting and mixed one, with something for and something against struggling together, how a number of ingenious men will take it up with the object of exhibiting it in its favourable or unfavourable light exclusively, each thinking that he can reverse the balance of actual fact, and by dint of sheer argumentative will, importunity, and developing power, bring it' over wholly to his own side, and yet the. case will remain obstinately stationary,-will be, in fact, what it was before, and nothing else. The great tide of argument ebbs and flows, covers the shore, and then leaves it bare sand again. Sometinies by force of . ingenious statement and the use of particular aspects a speaker seems' to have got the case altogether with him, but he cannotkeep his prey; there is a rescue in the shape of a counter-4spect or counter-fact when the next speaker rises. Mr. GLADsToim was certainly carried away::by his own exclusive development of particular facts and aspects of the case when he asserted positively that "we intentionallybroke "the laws of the Union." That is Mr. GLD_ STOWE'S summing up-viz., rthat the Miinisters of' this country-for he does not allow the United States listinction between'the Government and 3hr. CRApsrrox-intentionaUy, deliberately, and with thei uyes open, broke the municipal laws of the united sitates. But this is not a judgment which any one would naturally formis from the whole facts'of the cas'.: It is obvi6usly an exirente and artificial conclusion. 331r.GLADSTr6a- reposes ab6o- lutely 4n twol facts. , One is lMr, 3Moonn's great fact of " concealment," as it is called. Mr. CnirTov-So it is stated, at least-dia nob let the. United States' Governmont into all the "details" of the recruiting plan. " This ought to .' have been done,' says GIr. ADSTON, "for o0 "risuch7a subiect 'details' are of the very essence *"ss Of the p3an." The despawhes are then searchied, ana, though- Lord CzAITxYDoN refers to hkaing instructedc Mr. Cnsz oxto have no concealment from the. United States' Government, no such instruction. can. positively be found. There is, then, argaes Mr. GLADsroxN, intentional concealment on the part of Mfr. CgPasTox, which isa tacitly approved by Lord zAuumDoN. Ncw, tpis is logic, and more; logic that gets more 'out of a fact than it holds. May not a general line be indicated without any specific mention of every duty contained in it ? If Lord C; ,Do did not specifically- say, s "r.. .CF.ArrON?, YOU "must not practise concealment," is that a proof that Lord CLAm,Dox intended and designed that MIr. CABao-N uhoauld be reserved and deceitful? We are not aware that when-Ambassadors are sent abroad -they ever receive- specific istructions from the home Government to behave 7ike gentlemen, not to tell lies, &c,; but.if an Ambassador did not behave like a gentleman it would be rather hard to infer that he had received an express dispensation from his Government on that particular. So much for Lord Cl Ar.n-NO`s share of this fact. Then, as for lIr. OnAisrrox's share in it, there is certainly a good deal in Lord P?AEarsToNx's view, that it was not absolutely essential "that 3fr. "CRnxprox should go to Mr. MuncR. and tell "him day by day what he was doing. Why did "not Mr. MsAP;cy send for Mr. CnAPTo, if he cc were informed that proceedings were taling "place which were at y ariance with the "iaw of th?e Uninted States?" The other great fact on which Mr. GLADSTONEr relies is D:. 'RoxEno-'s own lawyer's opinion against the legality of the- proceedings he was contemplating. Now, when MIr. CAAin'ro.N found that the United States' lawyer whom he consilted gave such an opinikn, it ought certainly to have been a grave question of general prudence and safety whether he vas justified in entering upon enlistment. But to say. that he vas violating the "knovn la-w of the United States is saying too much. It so happens, as Lord PALMERSTONY reMinds us, that two months afterwards this lawyers opinion was contradicted by Judge KXx_'s, delivered from the bench-a fact whichl is not negatived by Judge Ksxs's subsequent charge. Thelawwas dubious, and admitted ofdifferent interpretations. One side said, " You must observe "the spirit of the law aswell as the letter; though "the letter of the law only forbids recruiting in "the country, the -spirit of the law is against " sending men out of the country for this pur"pose." Another side said, with the SowcITonGBxF.AL, " You cannot violate the spirit of the " law unless you violate its letter. The free "right of expatriation is allowed by the United ." States. This law is a restraint upon this natural " liberty, which liberty remains the generairnle, and contin-aes, except so far as it is expressly CC and positively restrained." Now, these are two lawyers' interpretations of United States' law, and it is evident that lawyers might go on arguing ou-t these two views for ever. The vote of the House, then, on Tuesday night expressed the natural and common-sense judgment on this question. Our Government very naturally thought that in a free country like the United States, which allowed full right of expatriation to all its citizens, and the liberty of devoting themselves to what employments they pleased, no objection would be raised against enlisting recruits, so long as the law was obeyed. Accordingly this work was commenced. But difficulties arose; the United States' Government became suspicious, United States' law became dubious. The plan was most unwisely persisted in, there was bungl, and the inferior instruments in the matter became involved, not wiholat blame to our Ambassador, in illegal acts. As soon as this appeared ihe whole plan -was given up. Such an affair was not one to e,tort a censure from the Eouse upon the Government, and the attempt to convert it to this purpose very properly and justly failed.
The bill relating to the operatives in Bleaching Works, 'which was rejected on its second reading yesterday, gave rise to a kind of discussion which will be repeated as long as manifest evils grieve reflecting men, while manifest advantages result to a certain class by continuing them. Whether it be that the economists are not humane or that the philanthropists are not philosophical, it is certain that the two parties seem to have no conimon basis of reasoning, no common vein of sympathy. Of course, the former treat their opponents with scientific disdain, as persons unversed in statistical knowledge, incapable of understanding demonstration, and anxious to moot questions which all the authorities say have been decided. But those who take an interest in such a measure as yesterday came before the flouse have on their side a popular feeling, which, however it may be reproved by economical science, will not and cannot be eradicated; and its tenacity is the best proof of the truth on -which it is based. lNow;, when we hear that girls are worled 16, 18, and 20 hours a-day in a temperature varying from 90 to 130 degrees; that from certain places called " wasting-shops" persons are habitually carried out fainting; and that iron becomes so hot as to blister, the first feeling is to interfere and prevent such inhuinanity. "Stay," says the economist, "you have " no right to interfere; each person there is a frea " agent, and if. he or .she choose to work- no one " should say ' Nay.'" Now, we will not enter into any discussion as to thc power and right functions of the State. It was thought in old times that each man was in some way the property of Iiis fellows, who in -their oorporate capacity had a right to see that he did not destroy his health and strength and weaken a frame necessary for the defence of the State. Butt such notions, we must allow, can no longer be acted on. England is not like a Greek Commonwealth, ori even a feudal kingdom. Economists say, and we must so far defer to thlem, that each inhabitant of these islands is an isolated individual, who may do what he likes, so that he does not injure his neighbour, and -with whose acts and sufferings, so-far- as-they are voluntary, we are bound not to interfere. Here again It might be argued that this independence is often but a name, that in asmall country densely peopled the labourer cannot really do what he likes, that practically he is not a fiee agent, and that the nationi should protect those individuals 'who are unable to protect themselves. But here we are met by the question '' Where will you stop ? If you interfere with "one man you must with another, until you undertake to prescribe the conditions by -which "every trade is to be carried on, and to "administer by the State all private nff" True, we have legislated on the trck systm, ana our laws declare permanent contracts, of-service void, but we own the difficulty, and dill a-nat to the principle of leaving full grown men alone. But the case of women and cbildren is widely different. -No -suchp hrageoldgy- as the "indivi"dual" or the " majority' can make us forget that all human beings are -mot the- same. The girl of 14, or the chibi of 0, eanot be made into a free agent: by any assumptions of social ncience. Nature and thc laws. of the country give them into the power of taase whom they caunot refuse Ao obey. We deny even grown-up women a -ote in poliftical matte', and justify the denial by the plea that they are not independert. We ftierefore recognize their right to be protectbd frm -the consequences of contracts entered into by others on their behalf. - The case of children is the same. They are not free agents, and soeietyis their guardian in the last resort. Therefore,J even consistently with the principles of thowe who dog-. matize mbst on such questions, it may be. urid that winen women and childr6n are found en'agea in exmessive and ilueaithy labour the ture may interfere. This has been already admitted, and the Factory Act is based on the assumption. We regrat, therefore, that- -he bill f or the regulation of laboor in Bleaching Worki should have been sum'marrly rejected. The case of hardship, suffering, and mortality seems to have been made out with sufficient clearness. It is somewhat too late to urge that in the end the interests of the master coincide with those of his workpeople, and that for his own sake he -will not give them too much to do. Wve know howr little such coinsideiations of -final advantage act on inen, and that, whether in Scotland, Lancashire, or Louisiana, the maxim practically acted upon is to " use them " up and gel; more." In bleaching it appears that it is sometimea necessary to work 24 hours at a time, and that masters actuallyr fore. their hands to pmsue their toil as 10Ig as nature -ill hold out. What free agency is there when a girl is told that she must 'keep at work cOr be discharged the nest morning 7 What hope is there of modeiation when the master knows that his prospeet of a. profit on the transaction in hand depends on the unremitted continuance of the work all through the day and night? The argument. that any restriction will lead to a diminution- of profits and the abandonment of tlle work hzas been disposed of in the case of the cotton factories. Wh&ti is wanted is a proper organization, which will be in the end for the benefit of the masters themselves, but which they can never carry out unaided, and which it is the duty of the State to initiate. But even if material gains were lessened, we should conceive it not the 'less the province of statesmen as well as Chris- tians to interfere. The health and morality of the workdng class, the preservation of a vigorous population, and, in the end, the safety of the country depend on the protection of the weak and the youthful from an oppression such, as we have described.
The programme for the re-entry of the Guards which, ontheauthorityof a contemporary, -wepublish elsewhere can hardly be -what the public expected, and what Lord :PALEnSTOx seemed to have in hix mind when he promised that they who heard the drum beat before dawn for the departure of this gallant band should have the opportunity of seeing it return. That departure was from one of the two centres of this metropolis-the Barrac7hs behind the Nationel Gallery, antd thence through the Strand over Waterloo-bridge. Early and dark as it was, an immense multitude escorted the Guards the whole length of that route, accompanying the band; and there was scarce a window in the line that had uot its hastily-dressed, but not the lees enthusiastic, spectators. This was through London. That cannot be said of the line indicated inthe progrnamme before us. Vauxhall-bridge, no doubt, is very convenient to Hlen 3TAsTv, and enables her to slide in and out of this metropolis in comparative quiet; but it is at best a species of back door. The road thence to Buckingham Palue certainly passes through a district better explored than it was a fewr years since, thank-s to 31r. CurcrT, the enterprising discoverer of the south-west passage to the provinces.. But the squares, too vast in space and too grand in plan, are still unfinished, the inhabitants few, and the pDpAlace nowhere. They who live there like the region well enough, and tlhere is no place -where good houses can be got on more reasonable terms; but we submit it is not the core and aub-tance of London. Most of the people who wish to profit by Lord PALmER.. STO'S suggestion will have to travel a long way; and they wil be much more numerous than the Guards themselves, for whose convenience, we presume, this suburban route has been salecte&. Is there any more recondite meaning in the arrangement 2 Are we to gather that, as our army did inot succeed in their assault on Sebastopol, therefore they must be content with a minor ovation and v less dignified routee As for the interruption of the traffic, which may have entered into the question, it is a matter of calculatioa that a line of 3,000 men, fivo or sin abreast, cannot anyhov be a mile long, and, marching in ordinary time, cannot take more than twenty minntes in passing any one point. So we really cannot divine the object of the route said to be selected. It seems at least to betray some of thatfalsehumilitywhich persons not wanting in selfesteem sometimes practise at the expense of their fellow-creatures. 'Why not do the thing in bold, handsome style? Even if the soldiers have to march a mile more, they will like it aU the better. It shouid be considered that we are not overdone with military spectacles. We have hitherto made a point of biding oLr anmy, brearirng it into small pieces, and putting it in holes and corners. Our authorities do not even let the public know when a review or an inspection may be expected in Hyde Park; and the first intimation that even our West-end folks commonly have of these events is being wa-ked by the firing. There is a growing opinion that this has been bad policy; at all events, it is most inconsistent first to secrete our soldiers, and smuggle them in and out of the metropolis as if they were prisoners on their way to trial, and then tell the English they are not a military people. Is there nobody at Headqairters with a soul large enough to do the thing with better grace ?
NTEW ZEALAND. (BY BLECT-31C TBUBGRAPH.) PLYMOUTH, WEDESDAY, JIY 2. The WIlliam and Jane, Captain EThnter, wh-ch left CAn. terbury, New Zealand, me the 27ie of 'iarbh, is off this port, bound to London. She has on board 1,100 bales of wool, being the first caigo from Canterbury. The General Assembly wras to meet on the 3d of btay. The Provincial Council was sitting at Canterbury, where the new settlement is progres6ing most favourably; the wheat crops and all the cereals had been gathered, and were most abundant; the crops of potatoes had failedin cone-. quenice of the heavy rains - Flour, 30!. per ton; beef, 5d. perlb.; andmutton, 4d. to 5d. per lb., wholetale. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledes the receipt of half of a .5.-note (No. 59,619), belig for unclainea income-tax for S355, froma "A. B .;" lso the other four half-notes for 35. for incometam, on account of " A. D.'s" corresondent "Double L' . TJio R,rxun OF THE GUAnRDS.-The third and remahng _e-ttaihon of the G-uard s sexpec te tQThi'erom, the Crimes lathe course of to-day Or to-morroW; sO thAt the pablic entry of ths three bsttalioms into London,may be almostimmediatelyexpectoi. The line of zSarch -at presentintendedis fromthe Ninie Elms station, over Vaxiuaver bridge, through some of tle new Pimlico souares, along xCtoria-sttreet. to BaekIneham Palace, and thenDe bD ConsLttition.lhiil to Hyde i'ark. As soon as the G.Zr4 have renched their destination the Qceen will, we believe, proceed in a carriage to Hyde Park, and the brghde, 3,000 strong, wil be there iuspeztedi by Rer X .- sity TMU Dxv=ox- o. Tun:sDA:Y N&iiT.-We arW&requeted to state that the c>e of the three 3nembeinot vohing in the nse a.y 'w7was this :-Sir lBan;'n Ha5 xr rilL, aud-Mr. Jackson.'were.in the Mexern' Galleryon the rnght of the Chair;^ thesJ camne dow into the lobby of the Hose towvotXe against ir: Moore's motion, arnd foundthe doors of the:Djisjo *bibyclleed. Theythere£i.e& their votes at thle table.
IOBEIGN !TELLIGENOE. FRANCE. IFLO3 O0M Ow. CO1O?E END.)' Ia flo I wing appeared in our second edition of yesterdy :-I k'ARISS, TurmaY, JULLy 1, 6 P,M. A letter was received this day in Paris from the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg (Princess Clementine), anIsouncing in the most positive manner her refusal of «e16 grant of 200,OOof. accorded by the Emperor. She is, I believe, the only surviving daughter of 3ing Louis Philippe to whom that act applies. The 3D)uchess indignantly repels the insinuation that she, IDr any one on her behalf, ever asked any favour of the kind from the present French Govemment. The following letter was addressed some time ago 13y the Count de Pa3is to 'IM. Roger (da Nord):_ " My dear M. Roger,-D-inag my exile I have always Jaad sry eyes tured towards France. Were I capable of doing Mo, my rcother would not allow me to fdrget the names of Dtcse 'who preserved their affection for our family. You Are one of those whom ske has particularly taught me to 1ove and esteem. Iam happy to have an opportunity of Oxpresdnu my sentiments to you. I do not know what the future has in store for me. I hope and I wait, readyto detVote myself the day when France thinks she has need of me. -Tor some time past a reconciliation has existed between the lnembers oE the to branches of my family. A visit paid to 2ny grandmother by my cousin, the Count de Chambord, has -roduced a great sensation. It was even reported that something had hbeen said about abandoning the tkicolored flag, Vhich represents the principles of 1789, and which recalls lhememory of our most glorious deeds, I think ib right to info=m you that my mother, my brother, and myself have temained strangers to all that has been done. It belongs to :France to choose. The day that she shall think proper to ilecide on lier form of government and her institotions, she an do so without inanydegreeconcealing the truth from hbr Oyes. The nation ought not to consider anything but her raffections and her interest, on which nearly 70 years of political e.xperience must have enlightened her. "As for myself, the time is not far distant wvhen I shsll Eve the right to make k;nown my principles and my views. In the meantime I am bound to inform some devoted friends, 6uch as yon, but only for yourself, that I have been informed of what has passed in our family only by my ucle, the DuLke de Nemours, and that if I do not now declare myself it is because my age does not yet permit me to interfere. I have remained absolutely out of the matter. I have only one object in view-to render myself worthy of a possible career, and in order to succeed I have incessantly hiefore my eyes the will of my father, the conduct of my ,mndfather, and the sacred principles which founded the 'constitutional-monarchy. "Receive, my dear IL Roger, the assurance of the very particul- arffection which I bear you. "F. PHILIPPE D'ORLEA NS." The foregoing confirms in every particular the facts which I communicated several weeks ago respecting the ill fated " FuBionists." In the letter of the three IPrinces on the occassion of the grant of C00,000f., and which the Dfuke de'Nemours has also zigned, allusion is made to the conduct of the late Xing in 1 792; and this alone ought to be sufficient to break up the family alliance, so painfully elaborated by the late Couttt Mole, MM. Guizot, Duchatel, Salvarndi, &c. It appears, then, that the 3;egitimist and Orleans Princes are two, and not one; each with a separate claim, which no doubt he will J3e prepared to make good on the fitting occasion. MT. Barbds has gone to London. His arrival has ccasioned a good deal of discussion among the hieies of the Frenchemigration, who are eitherjealous of him, or hate him, or fear him. Any one of these motives will explain the displeasure with which his presence w.asregardedbyhisdear friendsandbrothers. BarhMs insists that he shall be recognized as chief of the revolutionary associations-the only chance, in 3sis opinion, to insure the success of the high misMSon in which they are engaged; and he has broughtvwith him letters from Spainbacking that modest request. M. Lednr--Rollin and M. Pyac do niot entertain the same opinion as to the necessity of A. BarbWs' promotion; and the result is, that with cordiality, sympathy, and enthusiasm on the exterior, jealousy, dislike, and heartburning are beneath. Some fatal friends advise Barbes to emigrate for a season to Holland or Switzerland-to enjoy the beauties of a Daitch canal, or hunt the chamois in the Alps; but others, who look deeper into the affair, tell hin to remain where he is; and this very probably Barbes will do. The Emperor left Paris to-day at 3 o'clock for :Plombieres bythe StrasburglRailway. HisMlIajesty, nocompaniecl by Generals FTYury and Espinasse, was received at the station by the Prefects of the Seine and Police, M. de Segur, President of the Board of 3)irectors, IMessrs. Emile Pereire, d'Eervey, Bospange, &c. MonsignorPatrizi, the Cardinal Legate, left Paris this morning at 8 o'clock, on his way back to Rome. M. Fortoul, Minister of Public Instruction, and Mr. Maagne, of Finance, leave to-day for Rheims. Their posts will be temporarily filled by Marshal Vaillant and il. Fould. The Minister of Justice at Athens gave orders for the printer and editor of the liicerrma newspaper to be arrested on the charge of forging an official document. The " official document" was the private circular alleged to have been sent to the PDrefects and Mayors of the districts which Mr. Srith OBrien was to visit, and the object was to I leave him wvith the impression that Greece, morally and materially, enjoyed the same Arcadian tranquillity and happiness which the Bishop of Arra3 so intely attributed to the people of the Roman States. lThe Greek Governmnent declare that the " circular" i a forgery; this may be the case, but, in the opinion of some of their own friends, they are quite capable of denying it, whether forged or not. It appears, according to accounts from Athens, that the editor of the Mimna disclosed the name of the person who gave him the document, and who in turn was arTested. To save himself, this last disclosed the name of another, who was also arrested; and so on-through a series of arrests until they came to a Mayor, the Mayor of the Commune (Demarch) of Daphnesion, whose name is Anestes Georgion, and he was arrested, as it appears, on the charge of having communicated a document and betrayed his orders. The matter will, no doubt, be ibrought before the tr.bunaLs, and we shall be able to judge whether the village functionary really forged the circular or whether the Government deny their own act. In the meantime we are informed that the brigands are not idle; 40 pirates are said to have seized a Government vessel near the Tale of Scaphos, lio doubt in order to prove that brigandage is not a myth, as travellers are led to suppose. It is stated that M. Mavrocordato was closeted with the King for three hours before His Majesty's departure. The Cour-ies le Marseilles of the 30th ult. says:" We have received from Rome an important piece of latelligenee We learn that the Holy Father ispreparing a general! amnesty in favour of political offenders. That amnestyisto be proclaimed on the occasion of the Festivity of St. Peter. The reforms so ardently desired by the population of the States of the Church ill be published about the same time." Cardinal Patrizi had the honour of being received on Sunday at the Palace of St. Cloud, to take leave of their Mlajesties. Yesterday morning his Eminence visited the Mulseum of the Louvre, where he was received by Count de Nieuwerkerke, Corunt Horace de Vielcastel, and MI. de Rouget. lis E:minence, after going throug-h most of the galleries, expressed his admiration at the wonders contained in this palace of the arts. On leaving the Louvre hisEminence went to theMadeleine, ana there gave the Pontifical benediction to a large conreg-ation. lhe Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f.; and the New Loan at 71U. 10c.; OrIeans Railway Shares, 3,385r.; Great Norther, 1,130f.; Strasburg, 945f.; New Shares, 870, ; Paris aud Lyons, 1,500f.; Lyons to the Mediterramlean, 1,730f. ; Western of France, 955f.; Bordeniax and Cotta, 7G0f.; Great Central of France, 6c0f. ; Layons and. Geneva, SO. ; Ba4nk of Crddit Zlobilier, 1,567'f. 50Oc.; Austrian Railways gm0. Cours Ae,riiqu&-pR.asc July L--C(ash Prices.- Thureand-a-Hnlf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 0 yes), bof. 25c.; Thre per Ceat,%. 7e. loc.; Bank of France, 4,05l0; CLtdIt Fandci, 6f. exidivw; ditto Obligations of 300f., Four per Cents., 4 gof. - dalt Thre per Cents.; 395f. ditto Tenthis, Three per Cen te, 78f. 7iic.; Credit Mobiler, 3,570f. l,567f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 68Sf.; Piedmontese' Fiv pe Cnts, 2f.75o ustia FieBERLN Cents., 91; The lg ngFurand.ueeH amfer Cents.o9;tomwntis 86orn87; about on dlonon, at sght prmoney, atf once. by e Anhatbs money,i to1' Au2 , Ra cto.i Bohema, -weziethe nto ton n v thist mornto TUplitz,. where the Queen is going to take the baths. On Wednesday the King goes on to Marienbad. to take the benefit of the waters there, and thence the Royal couple will proceed tovisit their newly acquired territory in Hohenzollern, so as to return to Potsdam in the beginning of August, The M1inister-Preaident von Manteuffel accoinpanied the King this morning in his trip towards Toplitz for the purpose of transacting, with him the cu-rrent business of the day, and on Thursday will proceed with his family to the Hague, and thence to Scheveningen, for the benefit of sea-bathing. The Crown Prince and Princs of Saxony retumned to Dresden on Saturday evening. There is not the. faintest appearxnce of any political newvs stirring.; everything is perfectly stagnant. - The affair 'of the'theft of despatches in Potsdam will5- it is said, be brought for trial before the recently constituted State. Court, as the indictment will lie for " treason; " in this highest Court for State offences trial by jury is not admissible. In all probability' the proceedings will -take place with closed doors, if they take place at all, seeing that one of the parties implicated, in addition to Techen, has officiated as spy for more than one foreignwmission here, and, in addition to the many disagreeable revelations connected with persons about the Court that will be elicited from'Techen's examination, it'is apprehended that much will come to light of a somewhat embarrassing nature in an international point of view. A Carlsruhe correspondent of the FlTankfua-fer Journal informs us that the meeting of the Emparors of France and Austria is to takeplace.at Mannheim towards the end of July. The Kings of Bavaria, Saxony, and Wurtemberg, the Grani Duke of Hesse, the Duke of Nassau, snd the Prince Regent of Baden are to be of the party. In imitation of the Emperor of Russia, the Emperor of the French has now purchased a spacious dwelling 11nder the Linden here, which is to be speedily converted into an imposing hotel for the F'rench mission. The cost price is l.60,000 thalers, to wvhich will have to be added the expenses of fittina up. It is to be made habitable as early as possibe, but -whether the Emperor itends to make use of it himself when visitingthiscapital does not transpire. SPAIN. Our accoiunts from Madrid are of the 27th ult. In the Cortes on that day the Minister of Public Works, directing ad interim the Home Department, informed the assembly that he had just received a despatch from the Captain-General of Yalladolid, stating that order and the authority of the laws wrere re-established throug,houtl the province. The ringleaders at Palencia and Rioseco had been arrested, and were to be tried by courtmartiaL The Minister of the Interior, who had arrived at Valladolid, confitmed the statement of the Captain-General. The arrest of the Marquis de ivlontecastro at Santander, and the discovery of a Carlist conspiracy in that town, were confurmed. The Captains-General of Valencia and Catalonia had written to the Minister of War that they answered for the tranquillity of their respective dstricts.
MILITARY AND NA YAL INTELLIGENCE. The paddlewheel steam-transport Severn, No. 194, Captain Gellies, from the Crimea, arrived at Plymouth last evaning with 26 officers, 335 sick, 20 servants, and 19 orderlies,under command of Lieutenant Nash. The cargo consisted of 240 quarter-barrels of gunpowd er and 7 casesShe left Balaklava June 12th, Scutari 15th, Malta 20th, and Gibraltar 26th.. The Seven had in tow from Scutari the Norwegian bark Drowback, with 150 invalids whic'h broke adrift in a gale of wind off Li ape Bon. June tho 23d, in lat. 37 30 N., long. 7 15 E., exchanged colours with the screw steamship Oneida, which hadthe ship London in tow, standing to the westward; also the brigantine Glance, standing north; on the 25th, off Cape de Gatt, the screw steamer Thessalia, standing to the east. ward; on the 27th, at 7 p.m., between Cape St. Vimcent and the Gut of Gibraltar, sgnalled a sailing transport standing eastward; at 1 p.m., the transport Brent, steering eastward; and at 7 pmi., off Cape St. Vincent, a schooner yacht, with blue ensign. She left at Gibraltar the screw steam-transport Victoria, which was to leave on the 27th for England, with the 79th Regiment of Highlanders. Yesterday morning the officers, nou.commissionedofficera, and privates belonging to the Reserve Battalion of the 12th Foot and the 45th Regiment, under orders to embark for the Cave of Good Hope, to join their head-quarters at that station, assembled on the paradce-ground at Chatham Barraeks for the purpose of bein g inspected, prior to their proceeding to Gravesend for embarcation. They were under the command of Captain J. Stack, 45th Regiment, and the following officers :-Enslgn W. D. Jarvis, Ensign G. W. Reade and Ensign J. 0. Johnson, 12th Regiment; and Ensign B. O'Neill, 45th Regiment. On reaching Gravesend the officers and men proceeded on board the Eveline. On Tuesday Captain Lord Frederick Kerr, Flag Captain of the Waterloo, 120 guns, inspected the Elk, 12-gan sloop, Commander John Fans Charles Hamilton, at Sheerness. [The crew were pub through all their evolutions, and went through their drill in seamanlike style. Her destination is to ba the East Indies and China, to search after pirates in the Chinarivers. She is waiting her sailing orders. The Driver, 6 guns, paddlewlieel steam sloop, Commander .. Chambers, left Sheerness on Tuesday, with a mortar-boat in tow, for Plymouth. Mr. John Bonney, Chief Engineer, has taken up his appointment, and joined the new screw steam sloop Scylla, of 21 guns, fitting at Sheerness. The Edinburgh, 80 guns, screw steamship, is daiy expectad at Sheerness from Portsmouth, for the pendant of Captain Halsted, in command of the steam squadron of rese-ve there. Lord Camoys, Sir George Grey, aad Mr. Monsell paid a visit of inspection yesterday to Woolwich arsenal, where they remained upwards of three hours, examining with muchi interest the casting, Laboratory, and Royal carriage departments of that establishment. The screw-transport Jura, No, 14, Captain Noodlie, arrived offWoolwich at 3 o'clock yesterday to land horses from the Crimea, belonging to the Royal Horse Artillery. The Golden Fleece, the Jason, the Candia, and the Bahiana transports are ordered to be discharged from the Govermnent service as soon as their cargoes shall be landed. It is said that Carmarthen is again lkely to become the head-quarters of a military force, and that the 44th Regiment of Foot will be stationed there. The 23d Foot, or Welsh Fusileers, are now distributed in NTewlport and neighbourhocd. The head-quarters are in barrack§ at that town, and a detachment is lying at Cardiff The service companies will shortly be distributed in Brecon and elsewhere, making the strength of the regiment with the dep6t 1,200 men. On Tuesday the steamship Prince and Princess arrived at the North-wall, conveying to Dublin for Newbridge six [officers, six sergeants, 270 privates, and W23 horses, belong- ing to the 1st Royal Dragoons, last stationed at Canterbury. Between 5 and 6 o'clock the same vessel took on board seven officers, eight sergeants, 322 privates, and 191 horses, belonging to the 4th (Royal Irisb) Dragoons, for conveyance to England. The steam-transport Queen of the South, No. 135, Captain Beale, arrived at 6 o'clock on Taesday evening in 1ingEtown harbour, with a -'etachment of the lst Royal Dragoons, under the command of Captain Ainslie. The Queen of the South landed 80 men, and a corresponding number of horsec of the 17th Lancess, at Qusenstown on On Satyrday -vening a large detachment of the 39th Regiment arrived in Limerick from the Crimea, consisting of Lieutenant-Colonel Tinley, Captain Phillips, Liaeutenats Smith, Hoare, Chambers, and Vigors, 14 sergeants, 14 cor- I porals, 8 drummers, and 152 privates. The remainder of the regiment has proceeded from Malta to Canada. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-Ideutenant R. W. D. Aborcromby, to the I Hogue; Lieutenant W. G. Silverlock, to the Atalanta; Lieutenant John Ward (B), additional to the St.Jean d'Acro; P. H. R. Parkier, Naval Cadet, to the Elk; John Hay, Assistant-Paymaster in Charge, to the Lynx.
TMs MAs.-SomuARno;, July 2.-The Rloyal Mail steamer La Plata, Cap'ain Weller, sailed this, afternoon with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mai% 46 pasengers, 16,001. specie, 10,0001. value in jewelry, 3,0001. value quicksilver, and a full cargo of 3nerhandise. The United States' Mail steamship Fulton, Captain Wotton, sails early to-morrow morning for New York with 0 pas-. senger.s from England, about 120 from Havre, the French and Bu,Aish mails, and good cargo. The Peniasular and Orientsi Company's steamship Madridj Captain Bradshawr, is expected to-morrow with tho mails for Vigo, Oprt LIsbor, Cadiz, and Gibraltar. The Tagus, Captin s- tia;, will convey the net outward Pemnsn ulr mails on the 7th Wit. The Euxine; Captiin Klook, sails for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria on Thursdy next with the lndia, China, and Mediterranean mails. The Indus, Captain Brooks, with the homeward mails from India, Chin*, aud the Mediterranean, is expeoted abhut the same day.
BBR MAJBSTYS STATE CONCERT. Hrer Majesty last night gave* a State Concert at Bucking.- ham Palace, and for the fLTst time in the new Bali and Concert-room, a spacious orchestra rising from the floor, to the Organ Gallery having been built. A party of near 500 were invited, comprising tho Royal family° the foreign Ambassadors ministers, and Charges, d'Affairea, and a large number of the nobility. The Yeomen of the Guiard were on duty in the Palace, under the command of Captain Mapdonald, the Exon in, WaiHng. A Guard of Honour of the Foot Guards was on daty, with the band of the Reginent, in front of the Palace. The Royal family alighted at the garden entrance, and were conducted to the Queen. Her Majesty and his Royal Eighnes3 the Prince Consort, with the PincessEoval, accompanied by His W esty the Bing of the Belgians, their Royal Higbnesses the Princess Charlotte of Belginm, the Count of Fanders, the Duchess of Eent, Prince Oscar of Sweden, the Duchess of Cam bridge and the Princess Mary and the Duke of Cambridge, entered the Ball and Concert-room about 10 o'clock. The Queen wore a dress of white silk, with three flouuces brocaded in roses and gold, trinmed with gold blonde. The jewels worn by Her Majesty on her head consisted of opals and diamonds. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent wore a dress of white brocaded silk, trimmed with blonde. Her Royal Highness's headdress was formed of gold blonde, with ornaments of ametlhysis and diamonds, and ostrich feathers. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge wore a dress of white glac6 silk, 'with three skirts richly embroidered with white bugles and chenille, each skirt edged with chenile fringe. The necklace and stomacher were of diamonds and emeralds. Her Royal Highness wore a tiara of pearls and diamonds, with lilac feathers. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a double skirt, 'white tulle dress, with reversed bouilonnes from top to bottom, over a rich glac6 white silk petticoat, trimned withbows and loops of pink riband; the body ornamented 'with blonde and pink bows, each bow having a diamond star in the ent-e. The necklace was diamonds. The Princess wore round her head a wreath of pink and 'white moss rosebuds with diamond stars intermingled. The Princess Royal wore a dress of white crepe l3-? 'I a petticoat of white silk, trimmed withibows oftc ,ei -,u. The headdress was composed of pink roses. Her Majesty was attended by the Ddchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes ; the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting; the Hon. Elora Macdonald and the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, Maids of Honour; Lady Charlotte Copley, Bedchamber-woman in Waiting; the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain, and other officers of State and Gentlemen of the Royal Household. The King of the Belgians tne Duchess of Kent, the Princess Charlotte of Belgium, Prince Oscar of Sweden, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Mary and the Duke of Cambridge, were attended by their respective suites. The general company followed Her Majesty and the Royal circle into the Ball and Concert-room. The gentlemen appeared in full dress, and the members of Orders of Knight. hood wore their respective insignia. Directly after the entrance of the Queen the concert commenced. The following is the programme of the music performed, 'with the names of the principal artistes PART THE FI5RST. Gradnale, *- Quow in Orbs. Hummel, A.ir, Ou'ai csa m" Siger Garden' Quatuor, -Sancht ater." adame= i Nuvello.lIsdemolseFlleWagner, 8 S t e Rossinsi. Gardoi,L and HIeir Poanes . , I rStbMiZate Rosmi Air and Chorus, "Inllammatus,"' Ma- I da:ue ovelo -.). . . ChoreLs ansd arch. * See the conquering hero cormes." (Judas Maccabaus) .H .. andeL Duetto, "Paszerello, oh na ardir," Mr. Weiss and Herr Formes (Faust) .Spohr. Air, '- Dch per questo istante," Mademoiselle Wagner (La Clemenza di Tito) -Mozart. Finale, Mduame Novello, Mademoiselle wagnerl Signor Gardoni, Mr. Weis_ and Herr Fonces and Chorus I" Fidelio) -Beethoven, PART THE SECOND. The *- First Walpmuis Night," Iadenoiseilc wagner, Signor Gardaoni Mr. Weiss, and Cihorus .. . . Uendel-sohn Bastholdy. The orchestra, of nearly 120 performers, comprised Her Majestys private band, with several of the leading instra. mentalists from the Philharmonic Society, the RoyalItalian Opera, and Her Majeety's Theatre. The chorns, of 60 voices. was selected from tho Royal Italian Opera, the ladies of the Royal Academy of Music, and the Sacred H3armonic Society. The orchestra was conducted by Mr. Anderson, director of Her Majestys private band; Mr. W. G. Cusis, the organist of Her Majesty's private chapel, presiding at the oTgan. The following bad the honour of being invited:- is Serene Highness Prince Edward of Same Weimar and the Countess of Dornburg, his Highness the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh, the French Ambassador and Countess de Persigny, the First Secretary and Baroness do Mlaret, the Turkish Ambassador and Midame Musurus and Councillor of legation, the Belgian Minister and Mada Vme an do Weyer, the Bavarian Minister and Baroness de Cetto, the Netherlands Minister, the Austrian Minister and Countems d'Apponyi, the Brazilian Minister and Madame de Carvalho Moreira, the Danish Minister andpIMadame d'OXholm, tho Greek Minister and Madame Tricoupi, the Hanoverian Minister and Countess Helene Kielmansegge, the Hanse Towns Minister, the Haytian Charg6 d'Affaires, the Mexi. can Charg6 d'Afaires, the Peruvian Minister and Madame de Rivero, the Portuguese Minister ana Comntess de Lavradio, the Prussian Minister and Countess de Bernstorfi, the Sardinian Minister, the Saxon fMnister, the Sicilian Minister, the Spanish Minister, the Swedish and Norwegian Minister and Baroness do Hochschild, the United States' Minister and Mrs. Dallas, Count d'Aglie, h. Haiiskos, Baron do Rosenberg, Baron de Romberg, Count de Pourtales, the Countess d'Yve, Madame de Bovee, Colonel dehIoerkerke, Captain Burnell, Dr. G. Koepl, the Gold Stick in Waiting, the Silver Stick in Waiting, the Field-officer in Brigade Waiting; Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish, in Waiting on Prince Oscar of Sweden; -i. de Flach, Lieutenant-Colonel Loven, I. W. Due, Lieutenant Afzelils, Mr. Charles Lilljebjorn, and the following:- AsRcaaseosa.-Canterbury, York, and Dublin. Doxzs.-Beaford, Buccleuch, Roxburghe, Somerset, Bersfort, Manchester, Newcastle, Atholl, WeUington, Iichmonid, Montrose, Devonshire, Sutherland, Argy, and Hamilton. DucesrsEs.-Beaufort, Dowager Beaifort, De&foad, Roxburghe, Somerset, Argyll. Sutherland, Welirnton, Invemess, Atholl, Hamilicc Richlaond, BucIerich. Manchester, and Montrose. YinmQusi.-Winchester. Breadalbane. Downabir, Donegall. Cholmondeley, Ailesbwy, Waterford, Heailfort, Westmineter, Lanadovwne, Stafford, Blandford, Kildare, Abercom, Dalhousie, Conyngham, Salisoury, and Chandos MARcmoaNssEs.-Westminster. 3eadfort, Stafford, Wanchester, Hastings, Salisbury, Abercorn, Bresedalbane, Downsbire, Kildare, Donegall, Ailesbury, Blan-ford, Cholmoudeley; Chandos, and Wateford. BA:rs.-Westmorland. Yarborough, WIlton, Gainaborough, Denhigh, Desart, Derby. Daleith Delavarr. Haddincton, Jersey, FitvilLaam. Harewood, Spencer. GrosvenorortehcuF, EhaStesbury, Ellenbnsor*soug.ElrtmezsMohunat-pdegnulambe, ElRlendtoun. Egin, howe, Bug- WL 'tn,oI monl. D helharne, M accfelfed, blalmesbury, Sa awdcr, Ci Sandwiich, Rosa, Vans, Badnor,Dnn;donald, Somers. Euston, Lelcester,. Durham, hatrowbseyIulgrave, Aberdeen, Clarendon, Cardigan, Chi cheater, and Craven. Comers1aES.rencero Derby. Dndonald. Durham Muigravo, Gainsboroug, CBarewood, Howe, Yarborough, Fortescue, Palddinton, Weetmorlaud. Delawar- , Maceleadeld. Malmeebury. Sandwich, Chicheater,Shafteabury,Jerseyb 'Wilto, Vans, Bbelburue, Portsmouth. Harrowbz, Cisrendon, EBUesmere, MSormt'Eelgrumbs, Leicesler. Craven. Awon er, Rsosao, Deaart, and ae VLs&otn,s.-Ponel., srDe y, Louid PTabertlon, DrEmilanSio, Torre, ton, Volkestone, Boiseley, and Chelsea. Vzscourtatss;s.-Gohne. Cokedtons, DrJrelaMrig, Enfield, Sydney. Geaodine, Constermer, Brackley, Torrinston, Croncl, Palmeriton, and Chelsea. BrsnP.-Peterborough. BxAoRrrSS.-Kelth and Nairre. BORDS.-Seaton, Raglan, Byons, Leigh, ChurchliU, MaLcdonald, Port man, Robert Grosvenor, Charles Weiesley, ErnestBruce. ethuen, edwnrdHowarr, Camoys, Charles Fitzroy, Downso, Wenlock, West, CdoringtaesMura, StanlyoAdeley. Crnofely MuranmSurs, dleby CRanhwvorth, Clarence Paget,.rArlabos6TtOO;AColsdeille. Cre mmo,r Crofton, Areland. Belhlasen, Overstone. Colehesler. Blantyre, Lyndhurst5 John Russell, Redesdsie, Harry Vane, Brouphton. Lsrss-Fesl. Byrs, Doelies, Lenesb Hlamilton, Enffly Senymour, Conteauy,eCathterineoCeayTendiala UJsm^ea urray, Cooper, Graham., Georgians Grey, Constance Grosvenor. Cremoro Crofton, Catherino V. Harcenrt, L;ainia Hardinge. Bceward Hcv.r, Charles Wellesley, Cdrngton,s StanIey o Ali^doerley CarNolins Muroray Stuart do Rotho -sy, Ernest Bruce Clark. Mary Laboucherc, Grey, lobert Grosyenor, SJon R am Cton, Leig. Samh Lindsay, Churchill, Macdonald, cer, Mfary HIood, Camoys, Portman, Bowrater, Burghley, Mary Wood, Dowdnes, LyRidehuzot Blake8ney. etl8ake. EmiClEy DundMc, WFetherarl, Ashbnrtou, Aveland, Baruard,Theresa L-ewis, Cranwonibt, HarryVane, Belhaveu, Pcntinck, Hall, Boes, Gomm, Brow,n. and CarolinecBarrington. Cous.De Fi1ahasrht. BAROaous.-De Speth. Riont Hoa,ouvAnr,sa.-H. Fitzroy. at T. Baines, B. Disraeli, Sir B. HalL Sir G.5 . Lewis. Sir 0. Grey Sir C. Wood, IH abouchereo.B 'Veznon 8mith, C. ShawLefeYre, T. Pemberton Leigh, T. B.M&culay, Sir H Bnlwer, Spencer Walpole, Sir J. Graham, and W. B Glad. stone. Ho.rN snaAsr.s-Colonel A. Gordon, Mm Gordon, Mador-General Sir J. Searlett, CarMine Cavend'sh, Lieutenant-General H. Cavendish. Miors Macdonald, Colonel A. LIddell, Mrs. lAade%l Coonel J. Mao. donald, Lady Airsy, Colonel J. Lidad Colonel A. N. Hood. C. C. Cavendish. M.P.. Lady Bulweer, Ji ritford hL Sackyillo Webs Mrs. West, Major-General C. Grey, Mrs Grey, iBEe, Mauls. Clone .B.Phi~s Mrs. Phips Charles Hardingo. Bear-Admiral Sir B. lBowrle, R. C. L. Courteny Mr. Ridler. Captain J. Denan, iMrs. Demnas, Mr. Muserave, RI. Fitzroy, and Lady cas 'The Dean of Windsor. The Provost'of Eton. Scan-C. L. Eastlakc, James Clarl-, J. Copley, J. P. Boilew, John Zogin, and George COuper. MRsscxuSss.-T. BPaing, M.P.. H. Drummond, MP., sadGibba. McsrL<mr -DisraLi SpencerWalpole, Baines. Davys, Glaiditonr Pures, Vernon 8mita, Whateley, Sykes, Shw Lafefre, and Berkeley Drammond. Yrssm -LSumner and 3M Barrington. Yusn-Mtnsnsra.-Vlseo=ntHardinge, Vissout COomberrae. ann the Bal of Strafford. ' - - - *ArormsTAr.-SirJ.DeanDundasandH. eynelL i -G mAzs.-Sir W4 F. W ilam' Sir Odlin vrspbelL,8ix P57 JoneS. Sir H. Bentineck. Bight lon.'SirX. Blakenoy Vivian. Sir W. Gomm, SirW. Eyre, Sir Haw Boso, Berkelty Drummoud, Sir H. W. BarP rd, Sir owater, Sir G. Bowsls, Sir U iner. SirJ. LSmp. son. SirR. Arey, Sir b Yorke, Sir A.Wetherall, Sir F. Stont Sir G. Brosn, 6ud tbD Houi. Sir dEdward Cast. COLOTenD.-Tuke aiHan D Sheneor, Shewell ISth baudMraO, TmouroD (62d bengiente, beaotn'-repourt, W. by Sykes, Biddaip t D. t Wood (itH.A). 'Trwbitt, Lor,l Barg1slej' Bowiles. llldloy (Gjenadjcr Gnards), . (~Disk<an. R.A.: L.swrence (SUie Brigado), F, El. Seynnour,. Fiancis Seymour, Lord W. Paulet, T, Steels, Dnd Lysons (23d ile6i.ment.)- l,!AJOn.-flone Pureg,.' O aAl.-Yeirerton. . , - IThe Duke asha Duchess of ?zorfolk had also the honour of I eing innited, batt 'were prevented by domestic aDiiction from obeying Her Majesty's command. The laurquisi and iMarchioness of Exeter were also prevented from a aimiluarcause.,
COURT CIRCULAR. A deputation from the Execative Conmittee of tUe Art Treasures Exbibition, 1857, consisting of -the -Mayor of Manchester, MKr. -Thomas Fairbatin (Chairman), Mr.' Entwisle, Mr. Stern, and Mr. Heron. with Mr. John Ci Deano, the General Commissioner, had an interview with hisRoyal'Highness.Prince Albert at Buckingham Palace yesterday, for tho'purposo of submittiiig the appioved design for the Exhibition building. Tord Overstone, a member of thoe General Council, accompanied the deputation. His Royal Highness Prince Albert presided in the afternoon at a meeting of the Royal Conimissioi of the Patriotic 'mnn. eis aoyal Highness arrived at the Palace of West- inster at 3 o'clock-, attended by Colonel F, EL Seymour. The Commissioners present were-the Duke of Newcastle, the Earls of Hardwicke, Derby, Chichester, and Nelson; Lords Rokeby, Panmure, and Colchester; the Right Eon. E. Vernon Smith, the Right Hon. Sir. James Graham, the Right Hon. Sir John Pakington, the Lord Mayor, Colonel the Hon. J. Lindsay, Sir Robert-Throckworton, Sir Morton Peto, Sir John. Burgoyne, Sir HIew Ross, Colonel J. Wilson Patten, and-Mr. JohnBall. M.P. Captain Fishbourne, R.N. and Lieutenant-Colonc . I Lefroy, R.A., Honorary Secretaries, attended. The meeting broke up at a quarter past 6 o'cock. The.Qunen, accompanied by the PainoGss -Royal ed tho Princess Charlotte of Belgium, and attended by tce HEoi FlorA Macdonald, took a drive in an oDcn landau.swid fo6u: -estenL. iternoona; Lord Charles itzroy attended ots Thc t_ untess d' Nenilly, the Duke and'Duchess do NemonrB, the :irinco andPrincess de Joinville, and tho D.1o and Duchess d'Aumale visited His Majesty the King of the Belgians yesterday-at Buckingham Palace. His Xl-ajesty the King of the Belgians visited her Royal 1ligigliess ths Duchess of Kent yesterday at Clarence-house, St. James's. is Majesty, accompanied by the Princess Charlotte, of Belgium, and the Count of Flanders, paid visits lo her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester and har Royal ]ighness the Duchess of Cambridge, in the afternoon, at their respective residences. A deputation of Scotch members had an interview with Viscount ralmenaton yesterday on the subject of Scottish military education. The deputation consisted of-Mr. Adam slack, M.P.; Mr. G. Dundas, MP. * Mr. Cowan, ILP.; Mr. Tral, M.P. Maor General Sir H. Davie, ALP.; Mr. R. Hamiltn;, O arP; Sir Andrew Agnew, !L'P.; Colonel Ferguson, M.P.; Mr. Johnston, M P.; 3Mr. Thompson, M.I.; Sir A. Campbell, HLP.; Mxr. Cumming Bruce, YLP.; Sir J. AnLderson, MP.; Mr. Stirling, MLP. Sir Michael S. Stewart, MYP, M Mr. F. Dundas, M.P.; and the Hon. A. Kinnaird, M.P. The Bishop of Gibraltar had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchore yesterday at the Colonial-office. A deputation from the vestry of St. Marylebone and other metropoliban parishes, had an intorview with the ChanceUor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downing-street, on the subject of Hampsteadheath.. The deDutation consisted of, from St. MarylebonoSir Benjamin Hall, M.P.; Lord Robert Grosvenor, M.P. hMr. J. A. Nicholay, churchwarden- Mr. 3. D'InVerW representative for Marylebono at the M'etropolitan Board of Works. Messrs. J. Soden, W. R. Williams, T. Simcock, J. Wingfield, J. Perry, J. Taylor, and Charles Freeth, accompanied by Mr. W. E. GreenwelL, vestry-clerk; from Hampstead-Mr. .. Gurney Hoare, Mr. Finnis, Mr. Beckett, Mr. Mathew, Mr. Le Breton, and Mr. Toller, vestry-clerk;'fronetheoBcardofWorks for theStrand districtMr. Winter, Mr. Walker, Mr. Halley, and Mr. James H. F. Lewis, clerk to the board; from Holborn District Board -Mr. Leadbetter. Mr. Gray, Mr. J. W. Hopwood, clerk, and Mr. Lewis H. Isaacs, surveyor; from Islington-Mr. John Savage and Mr. John Shadyel, churchwardens, and Mr. John Layton vestry-clerk; from St. James's, Westmiinster-Mr. H. Bidgood, representative at the central board, and Mr. F. Crane, senior churchwarden; from St. Martines-in-the-Fields-Mr. W. H. Dalton, representative of the Metropolitan Board of Works, Mr. Cobbett, Chairman of the Board of Guardians; Messrs. T. C. Lamb, and B. 3;atchford, veesryynen. and J. Dangerfield, vestry-Clerk;from KEcnsington-Mr. W. Hawrkes, representative of the Mietropolitan BoBd of Works; from St. Pancras-Mxr. W Corrio, representative of the Mstropolitan Board of Works; from MEile-end Old-fown-Mr. W. an . Snowv, representative of the Metropoliteanr Board of Works; from PadingtoMWr. HenLry Brarlom, Mr. Ward Jackson, and MEr. MEalcolm Lewvin; from St. Anne's, Westminster-Mr. Geor"e - from St. George's, Mliddlesexi-Mr. 1I Crellin;* and from'I{cley' -hfr. JohnL Mfatson end Mr. Richard Ellis, clerk tothe Hackney Board of Works. The MasteDr of *^.ho 2,intlsad anL interview with the ChanLcellor of the Excchequler yesterday.
BELLOT TESTIM3O2IAL. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As Chainnau of the Committee of the Bellot Testimoniil Fund, which has this day closed its labours, I beg leave to make known to you the fnal results. The subscription,with interact,amounted to 2,2S11. 17s. sd., of which the sam of 1,610. 12s. Ild. has been divided amongthe five unmarried sisters of the deceased, lhe remainder having been expended upon an obelisk of polished Aberdeen granite, designed gratuitously by MUr. P. Hard. wick, R.A. The site of this obelisk, obtained through the liberality of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, will, it is hoped, be generally approved. It is the quay of our great 3naval asylum, in the hall of which a monument is about to be raised to the memory of Franldin and his associates. The name of " Eellot" is cut in large lettsrs upon theshaft of the obelisk, so as to be visible from the Thames and a bronze tablet has been affied to the opposite side of the pedestal, bearing the following inscription, which may be read by all persons passing along the quay:- " To the intrepid young " BELLOT, " Of the French Navy, Who, in the endeavour to rescue S FRANKLIN Shared the fate and the glory of that " illustrious navigator. "(From his British admirers.) I, 1yi." I remain, Sir, your very obeclient servant, RODERICK I. UIrUCEaSON. JTly 2.
Tm Lo?NDoN DIo ESN BoAaD or EDucATios. -Yesterday the atmual meeting of this board was held at their house in Psall-mall, Archdeacon Sinclair presiding. The r any p ent included Lord Radstocl, a considerable numiler7ofcle:~,gymen, and several ladies. The Chairman, in an opebig addreas, lamentedl the absence of the LordBishp o thedioess, the pre.-ident of the board, from the meeting, by continued indisposition. He congratulated thes tat det o abut10,0001., incurred some years ago by the National Society, had been disoharged, thrugh a vigorous system of retrenchment and the aid of friends throughout the country, and that the society was now enabled to carry oni its operations wholly unencumbered. Xe added that it w a-s a source of satisfaction that a longer trial was about to be granted to their present system. of educationt by voluntary contributions aidedl by Parliamentary grants, and he trusted that it would be the means, to a greater extent; thauheretofore. of Christianizing and civilizing the people. The Rev. f. D). Glennie, the secretwy, read the report, 'which stated that during the past year 19D schools of different kainds had bee i ted, nd reports made upon them in detail. Of ths hA hd be visited for a second or third tme, and a farno asroportion of the reports made from month to ionth indicated a marked imprsovement in the schools. There are at present about L50 schools in the dio he inspection of the board, including 84 which had been brought mto union with it during the year. 'Upwvards of 40 scho-ols, in addition to these of pre-vious years, has so raised their standard as to briing them w%ithin the~ condlitions of the Committee of council, on which, aid and inspection were granted, andl were likely to take their stand among the best elementary. schools of the resaot day.> Besides the higher class of sohol reeredto inL the regrt, two of the metropolitan. reformnatory instituitions, bth of them being industrial schools, and highly efficient in every respct, had this year been brought into connoxion with the bard, as had also three free schools for the childreni of English and Anmeiican parents in Parist, managed by a committee-'formed out of the English residents there, lay and clerica, with the approbation of Lord Cowle-y. A kidndlred school has been established in London, to which the board extends its patronage-viz., the Anglo-French Schootfor the education of the children of thea many hundred French workiugmen resident in the metropolis. It is matter for regret that these international -schools, especially those in Paris, lang-uish for want 'of adequate funds. On. the motion' of Lord Radstock, secondedl by the IRev. A. M. Campbell, the report was unanuimously adopted. Mrx. Har Chester,- in a speech of some length, snggest&I. tbatte me.nsftheb.ardiight obe hetemployed atpreset mainly by completisw and publishing its information of the wants of those parisges and ecclesiastica districts in the diocess which were insufficiently supplied with the mneans of edlucation;- by makding known to the owners and occupier of property and to, the einplojers of labour in those plae * ith -what large mueasres o pecuniary aid and other faci-, lities thi own contrilbutions in money, land, materials, or labour for the erectioan of schools vere now offered to be met thomsite f Cunil n EuctheCmion;eb help s ele insttoacnion n to prz rehmst bytes omtteo average age of the:6daidren -in our elemenLtary schools, or, in oherwors, o rtai tEm lnge at-scoolthan at, preset. Thse sogestobs wre emodiedin aseries of resluion, nd gred o,aftr shrtdlscussion,in which. temeeting separateL.
TO THE EDITOB OF 2HE TIMES. Sir,-In yesterday's impression of The 5imes I soticed a paragraph, copied. from the Observer, to the effect that the 1.2 persons who constitutedl Palmer's jury h4d 3nemorializedt the Lord3 of the Treasury for compensation for the loss sustained 'by them in their r-espective businesses~, consequent upon the protracted trial. ,As foremian of that jury, I beg you will1 allow mae to state in your columns that I, for one, never for an instant entertained such a proposition, andl that I have not been consulted upon the subjec, by any of my brotber jurors since the conclusion of the trial. The lcss and inconvenience experienced 'oy myself as a professional man were necessarily very serious, but I felt, and still feel, that the duty which it was sy lot to perform wasinditey soreserous an tht pcunarymatters could not 'with propriety be coupled with the same. I wold,howeer,heresugest,fortheconsideration of the prope authorites, that t wouldbh a welcome and desevedtriuteto hosewhocontittedthe said jury to receive a special immaunity from al fu demands to serve in the samoe or proximatercapaity. Apologizing for thus tro2&iCnigtyrou, I beg to remain, Sir, Your obedient servaut. WILLrf MAVOR, Jun., V etermary Eurgeon. 77, Bark-street, Gre venor-square, July 1.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMES. Sir,-I am sure you will agree with me that no cause can be advanced, as honest men would wvish, by insrepresention, and hence I reclkon cordidently on your giving publicity to these lines. In yonr paper of this day I see your Neapoltan correspondent alludes to his late Royal Highnesa the Prince of Salerno as one whose death was " deeply lamented by his parasites and crediters." The mnernory of a most humane prince should be spared tlis ontrage. Vhen I was present at the funeral service celebrated at Salerno for him, r a an eyewitness of the lnaffected sorrowfelt by all classes for the loss of one who adorned his high station. bynmany Christian virtues, and by none more than charity I am. Sir. your obeilent servant. A READER. July 2.
1reE LA :ARi oF CoRe AieD OE:BY, KIP. Edmund Boyle, the eiHhth Earl of Cork and Orrery, who died on Sunday eveningEast athis house in Hamilton-place, wast at the time of his death, the senior general offlcer in the army, aud, we believe, with but one or two e:ceptions, the oldest members of the aouse of Peers. e e was also the senior Knight of the Order of St. Patricl. He was the -econd, but eldest surviving son of the soventh earl by his irst marriage with mnne, daug,hter of the late MI. 1K. Courtenay, of Pemdford, th evon. He was orn October21 1787, and was, consequently, in his 89thyear. Hle succeeded to the title on his father's death in 179o, three years fter hois marriage 'with Isabella ienaiettal daughter of the late Mr. illiam Poyr.tz, of Redgham-parke Beros. Though he entered the army1=d ugust, 1785, 'hs Lordship does not appear to have seen activo service until 1793. when he served3pt Flanders, and waspresent atthe sieges of Valenciennes and Dnkirk, and formed one of those who took part in the storming of the former place. In 1794 he accompanied the expedition sent out under ,ord aleoira, wms prosent at the battlo of Alost, and midade a prisoner at the capitulation of Bergen-op- 0oom. In 1795 he became lieutemnyCoonel in the 11th or eorth Devonshire w Regiment of Fo£. IHe sonled with the Guards in Hiold in 1799, subse quently accompanied th expaedition to the East nhder Sir Ralph Aberaromby, and commanded the 1st Batblion of the Gordsin Egyptmn1801and wo s present at theltaking of Alexandriaanted also in the several engagements ith the armyn tnder the late General Sir ByroCoote, tobthewtward of Alexandria; since that time, however, he was nsever actively employed. For his services in Egypt he had received the silver war medaleith one clasp. It is not a litte straesn to think that wo hav ornly no r to chronicle the eath of one waho was actually a Genheral offcicer some time bceFore the Peninsular war broke out, and vho was actually incapacitated, by his rank as a field officer from serving in that sar. He subsequentlyheld command of the troops in the south of Ireland. By his late cointe6s, who died in 1843, Lord Cork had several sons, one of whom was the late Hon. Colonel Robert Efdward Boyle, who diedat iarna inthe summerof 1354. Ais eldest son Charles, Viscount DOngarvan, died in 1834, leaving by his wife, a daughter of the second rEsarl of Howtr, two daughters and three sons, the eldest of whom, at present MI.P. for Frame, and recently married to a daughter of the Marquis of Clanricarde, has succoeded to the earldom and estates. The late peer never toohe an active part in the political world, but contented himself ith giving a stesady but silent support to liberal measures during the lon' period of 83 years that he occupied a seat in the eouse of words in right of his English title of Eord Boyle of Marston, in the countyef Somerset. pFAA AmA'-A nailer, named John Pbipson, has just been committed to Worcester County eaoltby two magistrates of Stourbridge, Worcestershire, charged with the wilful murder of a vwoman named Eizabdethcealiward under thefollowing shocking circumatncs :-It appears thatthe prisoner and the deceased. with the decfased's illegitimate daughter, a girl of 18, and a yong girl named hiary Ann Phipson, niece t,o te prisoner, were on Friday evening at work nail-making in as hop at a place called the Green-lane, in the Lye-waste, near Stourhridge, a localitynotorions throuhout the counties of tWorcesterand Stafford for the igno-anceband brutality of its inhabitants, when some words arose betwhen them. The deceased had been in the practice of keeping a jug of woater in tbe workshop for the nse of herself and daughter, land the prisoner had frequently, to her great annoyance, appropriated the water to his own use. This had, occasioned. frequent quarrels between them. On Friday afternoon pary Ann Phipson, the prisoner's niece, having handed the water-jug to her unce, he dank its contents, on which the deceased threw a handful of coaldast in his fae. The prisoner thereapon dre;a nlieceof redhot iron, aboutrte o feet in enuth, and pointeda3t the end, from the forge, and either threw or thrust it at the deceased v'th great force, so that it entered her side to a depth of fouar inches. and, burng its way, dropped out upon the ground. The deceased immediately fell, and being carried home, died shortly afterwards. The evidence of Bliss hilllward, the deceasej.'s daughter, and of Misar' Ann Phipson, the prisoner's niece, corroborated this statement. The latter spoke positively to the fact of the prisoner having thrown the heated iron at the deceased; but^ the former said she was stooping at the time, and thought the wound might have been caused Eaccidentally. Mr. Harding, sursuon, wvas called in, hut too late to be of any assistance. te described the nature of the wound, which was between tho ninth and tenth ribs, on theilet side, pssiou ntowards the sbinef The lefe side oE the chest contsined a large quan,ty oft blood, wrhich had flowved from the aorta, and had cansed fatal syncope. The magistrates comnutted the prisoner for "Wilful murder," and hie illbe tried at the ensuing assizes at Worcester, which will be held in less than a fortnight. A coroner's inquest was subsequently held before uer. Docker, coroner for Worcestershire, and the jury or that inquiry returned a vemvict of " ranslaughter," againse the prisoner. Fsx: AT WOOLWICre-A.fire, attended wilh loss of life, broke out yesterday morning, about 4 o'clock, at the Canterbury-halls Tavern, Woolwiach. Flames wore discovered issuing from the concert-room of the tavern. It appears that this room had been ulsed on the prcceding evening for somne ortistic performanes, anda-very numerous assemblage of nersens had remained there until a latehour. It is supiosed that the lights mnst havo been carelessly turned off, and that the accident originated from an escape of gas, which afterwards became ignited. Theohouse itself, by the prompt and energetic measures adopted by the Dockyard and RoyalArsenal police, was saved from destruction, althoughtheroemwascompletelygattedof its contents. The dockyard is plentifully supplied with water frou an immense reservoir on the common, which contains at least 2,0C0 tons of water, at all times available, from the works on Shooter's-hill. A number of menwere brought down from Herajesty's ship FiSgard,- who, assisted by the arsenal police, understhe directionof Mr- Barry, rendered timely and effectual assistance. Theinmatc%werexreadilyremoved without is,jurv,with theexceptionof anaged woman, named Elizabeth Jeusbury, who had been attached to the establishmentupwards of 30 years, nd who was found dead within an hour of her removiL Her death is supposed to have been occasioned by the carb6nic gas shich 2miazstave penetsatedaher room during her sleep. The house itself is insured. The property, as well as the surrounding buildings, which are consiaerably damaged, was, unfortunately, un. insured. - TrE CA-ADIAN MAUs.-Thesteanibin Canadian sailed yesterdey froni Liverpool for Montreal and Qoebec, haing on board 120 second and 12 first cabin passengers, besides a large cargo and the mails. - - THE -AitmY-A return has been published of fle names of ill officers whio were bonouralily mentioned. in t:a deptc4cs of lord-Goush for their services under his command; dlso the names of those officers sho received brevet proniotion.- The list is too longfor publication, as it covers a spEeo£ ix p~ges. - , t - . ±BY MATICE.-ONX Sx G DY, Wednesdayt 3uly 2.-Adifiissions on' payment, 7,98;-' ditto by seon tickc4s 66; total visitors, 8,674..
RAYMAJ?WE THEE A EE. ' - J Iat night, being the 815th -of the season, Mr. Backstone took his annual benefit, and a densely crowded house aij. nalized the oceasioa. To thoso literal souls who have been taught tha5 a season is only a portion of a yea-, and hye gathered fromn their ruclidi- that a part - canot be greatez than the whole, the mention of such i tli4 as the 815th night of a season Will appear ii contiidlction intermns. However, to people whio have received that kinil of liberal education that a farmiliarity with theitzcal g can alone bestov the phrase will be perfecty iIPligibIe, and those who doubt the fact mnay be simply recommenaed to count over a dIe o' the Haymarlet bills. hEr. Buckatone celebrated his benefit in a mianifoladav. He revived Shakspeare's 'sdfilk Nighit, which had fit been-played at his theatre, for elght years, and ' movd-Idhs catrons to roars of mirth by taking upon hinself all the foibles and poltrooneries of Sir Andre* Agnebhee&W. This favourite play was immediately follon:ed'by the Captires-not atranslation from the comedy of Pcsstubut a Spanish balet, turning ona storyall about a boautil young ladyv, ho is carried. oEf by the Mours to the haien of the Mussulm..n King of Granada, where she ,so completely- fascinates the misbelieving tyrant I tIIt he either restores her to her proper Christian lovei or makes her the partner of his own throne. Whic` of these two favoura he confers - we are not* quite sure, though we watched the action pretty closely, lut. ce,tain it is that one of the specified boons is granted. WWhat is a far more important matter, the baUct is illUntritedby beautiful [scenery from the pencil of Mr. W. Callcott, b:' gorgeous costumes, and by danices -in iwhich the sparkling 1'erea Nena goes beyond hit- usual level of scintillation.,. So glittering is her attire, and so rapid are her movements, that she apparently becomes one large span-le. - Thistale of the Alhasabra was followed by an Englash versionof OUP a8ssrai je ssaoireis?-a"comgdie-vaudeviUe, by lLIl Charles Potier and Gaston de IMontheau, originally produced at the Vari6t6s in Alarch, 1854 and a favourite piece at iais ever since.. It is one oE thoss 4stodraines in high lIfe with which the French stege abounds, and its hero is a gentleman, wfho for the pleamixe of enjoying a Mte-d't,le. every evening -with a 'cerL tain lovely vidow, inter cepts all 'her invitations, and thus keeps ber a perpetual prisoner, without coming to any express explanation as to his intentions. The lady, w&ear of the despotism, at last forces him into the marriage yoke, and-that is the story. The whole affair, indeed, is a long dialogue, of which the earlier portion is occupied with the stratagems of the gentleman to secare the piesence of the lady, and the latter with the triumph of,the lady in entrapping the gentleman. In the English version, which is entitled Mr. Hzighes at Hame, the -pfaies thus striving for-victory are represented by Mi. Buckstoune and miss Blanche Fane, who was so successful in the Little -Treasure. At the commencement of the piece last night the audlence seemed hig-hly amused-then the coritinuous " palaver" began to flag a little-and then, thanis to the exertions of Mr. Bucksone, who caught at tll the later opportcnities for effect, the priine spirit was revived anew, ar.d the announcement that Mr. Hiughes would be " at bome" every evening was heardc with evident satisfaction. Nlevertheless, condensation in several places and a careful pruning of superflUous Terbiag may be safely recommended. - The great achievemenit 4f the evening was, however, yet to come, when the pctite comUdie had concluded and -midnight was Close at hand. This was the address by 3r. Buckstone, which ran as fowllows:- - " Ladies and Gentlemei,-It is now three years sincelI bad the honour of addressing you, on the occa6sion of my benefit in July, 18X?, when this theatre closed for three months in order to make certain alterations and repairs. I then promised a new and enlarged stage, the elevation of the scenery, a thorough redecoration, and, for the first time here, a Christmas pantomime. All these promises I have fulfilled, while the introduction of a pantomime has for three years - been most successful, and which, - when Christmas comes again, I shall continue to present in our usual poetic and fanciful manner, aided 'by the masterly painting-brvsh of Mr. William Calloott. I am happy, ladies and gentlemen, totell you that in adhering to the old purposes and chrcter of the Haymarket Theatre, as the house for English comedy and farce, I have mret with so much encouragement by chiefly kLeeping to that class of dramatic entertainment that it will atill continue to form a principal source of attraction here; though, in making this statement, being myself a comedlan, you will probably - be reminded of the old story in the spelling-book of a town in danger of bimng besieged, where, in order to resist the assaults of the enemy, a certain shoemaker assured the inhabitants there was " nothing like leather." hWow, this is decidedly my opinion as to what ought to be acted at the Eaymar-et Theatre-for comedy is a shoe of the stoute5s leather here, and one that I hope will never wear oiLt. I have certainly added the Spanish ballet, but that may be caLed the toe and heel of my shoe; and when the toes aid heels of Perea lNena and her company are displayed I am sure they are more likely to wear out this stage than your patronage and admiration. It is a common custosnto make use of common phrases, and, whether such phrases 3may convey the truth or not, we sometimes employ them so ofteu that. they at last wear the semblance of trth. A common phrase of the day is to refer to the decline of the drama. Whatever may be its decline elsewhere, I am proud and happy to say that it is not recognized here, which may be nroved by the fact that, when this theatre openediu October. 1853, after the alteratioms I have alluded to were made, it has continued open, and without any other interrupti on tn an Christmas-day, AshWednesday, aind Passion-week, up to this evening for Si consecutive nights. I do not; know whether this hes been accomplished by any other London management; I only lmowthatit has never before occnrredin thistheatre-;and, as I still intend to go on, it is calculated that some tine February next w,ve shall have completed continuous performances of.. 3,0 ights; and, life and health permitting, .we do not intend to ston then. I have plenty of material and novelty of every description to present to you, and hspe for a long time to come to be enabled to welcome and amuse yoa.under this time-honoured and most legitimate roof; and, while thanking yon for the brilliant attendance of this evening, I shall not say, in behalfof myself and the ladies and gentlemen of the company, I bid you farewiell till October or Novemnber ne t-I shall only, ladies and gentlemen, bid you farewell till 7 o'clock to-morrow (Thursday) evening." Bouquets would seem to be the tribute of honour rather to ladies than to gentlemen, but such was the enthusiasm of lMr. Bucklshne's admirers that at the end of the abovo iddress, which was delivered in a manly, unaffected style, they literally pelted him-with nosegays, and he caried off flowers enough to stock a very respectable stall in Covent-gardenmarket.
TiI Ol;AL To MRi. BAisRow.-The officers recentlyemployedlinthesearchfor the missingsships, Erebus and Terror, impressed -with the value of the assistUnce rendered to them by Mr. Barrow, of the Admiralty, have presented that gentleman with a testimonial. The testimonial, which represents the Arctic regions, emiergin nr an icy sea, is now on view at Mr. aicholsons2, V -I street, Lincoln's-inn. 3Ir. Barrow, in his answer to the letter of Captain Collinson, on the part of the officers employed inthe Polar Sea, requesting Mr. BPrrow's acceptance of the testimonial, after expressing his thanks for it, says that he feels deeply grateful to both officers and men for Itheir exertions in so noble a cause. Mr. Barrowadds that, although the efforts made were unhappily not crowned with the success they deserved, they hbave, nevertheless, led to the solution of the great geogzaphical problem which had so long engaged the aLttention of his lamented father, and j have thus secured to our country an honourable distinction in the accomplishment of zin enterprise which, through successive reigns and for nea0y three centuries, had heretofore-baffled every attempt. OAp-TAI uisIS S D- = CoLosLx si-A curious return, moved for by Mr. Ewart, ILP., shows how far crimes for which capital punnisminent has been abolished in England are still capitally punissable in the colonies. It hence appears that in Canada (in 1950) piracy, rape, carnal knowledge of a girl under 10 3 ears of age, and embezzlement by post-office servants were stil capital offences. In New Brunswick (besides miuder) "petty treason,"firinships, and rape, arson, burglary, sodo, robbery with violence, and hoisting false signals are capital. Iii Prince Edward's Nsland, besides the offences already mentioned, attempts to procure abortion and the firing of churches and chapels are punishable with death. In Bermuda female honour is still guarded against ravishersby capital punishment, as also the person of young girls uinder 10 years of age. In Jamaica forging,the seal of the island and connterfeiting foreign coins, &c., are visited with death. In Hondtras there is an obsolete act (the repeal - of which is Ldvised by the Governor of Jamaica) for punishing 'Obeah-men" by death. Obsalh is an Africn processr of incantation. This act is directed only agaist blacks, vhether bondsmen or free. In 1'urlk Islamnds sacrilege is still regarded as a crime deserinmg of capita'punishment. This anomalous law, however, is a dead letter, and the -Govercor of Jamaica would repeal it rt once were delay of any co siequence. In these islands robbery withl force, arson, ind piracy are inlso capital. In St.- Vincent's (West In'`ea) -sodomny, robbery, and burglary are capital crimies.m!in Nevis arson, burning canes and sugar-works, boat stealing, burglary, demolBhing buildings, sacrilege, sodomy, " obeh ,". rape, - p6tty treason, hoisting faUi lights, and arson are canitally punishable. Deith is aso denounced aainst the atrocious crime-so comnmon in Englandof tleatening to accuse of' a certain infamous offence in order to extort money.. in the Virgin Iands rape is very appropriately pinisahable with death, as also sodomy, arson, and the exhibition of false lights, burglary., and violent asaults. 'i Malta the capital crimes are treason, arson, sinking vse]s4s, and destroying bridges, exhibiting fal lights, and wilul breach Of quarantilne. In the, Mauritius a Dlrecoui eoe4e still- prevais,- counterfeiting the. Queens seal or sign manual, burglary, arson, and een manslaughter (if accomrned by ;nother crime), being capital crimes. In New South Wales rapa and a:o%-,r are still capital. la the Zcolony oE Victoria rai'ishing a child and demolisiang churches or houes are capit, nd m Tasmania therem I a long list of offences punisble 'with-death. finWestern Australia pe (except m;urder is the unly capital offene In ali the other c hs been issmilated to the more mercifl one ef the mother countis. POOE IR .-A retun= obtameed by r. Hunt z, REP.; shows that the average cost or head ont the pojUa. tion of the expenditure for tle relief of pkupersn 50 Of the most populous unions and parishes in England and Wales' amnounted last year to 4i IAd;, and in 1854, to 4s. 3d. Inl iverpool the cosli per head is 7i. 10.4 in Manchester 7a. 9Ad.; in Birnnihasni. lld.id in Wolverhampton3s. Md.; in Stocl]rort 2i SAd.; inK Sderland li. MId.- inlristol as. d L -in Brihiton a 8d.- anNorwith Ym 7Ad. ; and in: Heowstle is 8id. h. t parishes of Lindoni the chare-isifoUlo*sviain Clerk anwell 4s.1i. in St. Pancrs 5a.4zd.; in Manyjebone 6s.hlljd, in A ftepnev 5s flld,;in Shoeditc 5gl. -L in (Preenurioh Se' bd',; inIelleton, 33. 9d. in 'Whit.- chapel,' 7b. 9,d4 in St. Osre'b Ranoersqna:, 7's.4&.14* and in Westmister, 7s, 1ld
.7VDICZIAZ COMMI2TEE OF PBrVY COU.NCIL, nue-day, JUZy 1. P1RISEP AND THE HON. EAsT INDIA COMPANY V. DYCE SO-ARE, T O>SUPE AND SOLAROLL' .lBefomLord J=ttceEouTBivcr,, LordJustice TurumJs, Dr. LusianGToN, and Sir E. RYAaO. - This being the day appointed for the delivery of the juadguent in this important case there was amuchlarger attendaone of the pubio in the Council-chamber than usual. Among the auditors were several of the East lndia Direc. tor-S Dr. LorsEaTOy, by whons the judgmeut was delive eo said,-Hr. Dyce Sombre died on July 1, 1851. On June 25, 1849, he executed a will; and on August 13, in the same yer, a codiciL .Tie will and codicil are prvpoinded by Mr. Pr-lsep, one of the executors themein named. After proceedins of almost unexampled length in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, the learned judge of that court, on tim 26th aoJunnaiy last, delivered his judgment; pronouncing agaist the will and codicil; and, o0& the ground that the deceased was not of sound mnind when he executed the same, ho also condemned MIr. Pxinsep, thte execuaaor, and the hait India Company, who had mado common cause with him, in aU the costs occasioned by this litigation. From this decree an appeal has been prosecuted, and their Lordships are now called upon to determine whether the judgment of the Court below is weU fomuded or not: or, in other words, whether tho deceased was of sound mind at the times of the execution of the will andcodivil. it may be weU to wommence our inquiry into this case by stating what facts, beyond all controversy, had occurred preceding the execution of these instruments. 1. In July 1843 the deceased was found, by the verdict of a jury assembled in consequence of a commission issued under the authority of the hord Ohancellor, to be of unsound mind and to have been so from October, 1842. 2. The deceased, under tlha care of a physicia, was allowed to travel in various parts of England. In Septemnber, 1843, ho mado his escape from Liverpool, and went to Paris. Endeavoura were made to reclimu him as a lunatic, but the French Government declined to give him up unless he was, after an examination conducted by the Flrench authorities, found to be of an unsound mnid. Sach an examination was instituted in October, 1843, under the superintendence of N. Delesert, the Prefect of Police, with the assistance of physicians of the highest character in Paris. The result of that examination was that he was deemed to .be of sound mind, and, consequently, remained his own naster in France. 3. A petition was soon afterwards precented to the Chancellor for the purpc6e of having the commiission superseded, and the report of the Frenclh physicians was Laid before him. Lord Lyndhutst gave permission to the deceased to come to England, his * personal liberty being secured to him. He was again examined by physicians appointed by Lord Lyndhurst, and 1ord Lyndhunrt had more than one personal interview with him. 4. The reault of these proceedings was, that Lord Lyndhurst, with the fullest information before him, and - rith the advantage of having seen the deceased himself, pro. * nounced, in August, 1844, a most elaborate judgment, dis- cussing all the facts and circumstances with great minuteness and urrivaUed ability, and declined to supeasede the commission. 5. After this judgment Mfr. Dyce Sombre -went back to the continent, and he appears to have tBa. vsiled into every part thereof as well as to have visited Egypt. With a view to obtaining the superseding of the conmiission, he caused investigation to hba made into his sanity, both at St. Petersburg and at Brussels, andi all the physicians who werer consulted by him at those places reported him to be of sound mind. Many applications were made with regard to his pecuniary affairs to the Chancellor for tle time being; and in 1S7 thewholeresidue of his income, after the payment of 4,0001. per annum to Mi-s. Dyce Sombre, was left to his sole disposaL 6. Under the authority of the Lord Chancellor, he was examined by Erglish physicians both at Dover and at Brighton; and it appers- that a petition, presented in the latter end of 184S for the superseding of the commission, was refused by the Iord Chancelor in December of that year. 7. In this sarme month of December, through the instrumentality of a &r. Mahon, Mfr. Dyce Sombre was, without the intervention of either his counsel or solicitor, examined by five of the most eminent physicians in London. Their evidence is how before the Couit, and no doubt can exist but that they- made; a most careful investigation into the state of Mr. Dyce Sombre's mind, and that they availed themselves of all the means within their reach of rendering that examination searching and effectulA. A report prepared by Dr. Rayo was eventually signed by them all, and that report certified) in substance, that Mr. Dyce Sombre was of. sound mind. This report was informally and irregularly intror duced to tle knowledge of the Lord Chancellor by mnans of a document signed by certain noblemen and gentlemen; a uew petitiOn Vras presented, and the whole question was fully considered and elaborately discussed by Lord CottenL-2, then Lord-Chancellor. 8. The resnlt of this investigation was a judgment pronounced by Isord Cottenhana, in April, 1849, by which he refused the prayer of the petition, and the commission remained in force. It will be observed that the instructions for the will were given at a short period before the jadgment just mentioned; and the attorney employed was a solicitor not previously engaged on behalf of the deceased, but the solicitor of Mr. Prinsep, one of the execators named in the will. It may be expedient, before travelingfurther into the facts of this case, to consider how far the undoubted facts which have been recapitu3ated will affect the principles upon which this case must . be adjudged. We apprehend that, though the opinion, of the physicians who so carefully examined the deceased and testified to his soundness of mind, are entitled to weight and consideration, yet that the commnission not having been superseded the legal presumption is against the validity of 7ny testamentary instrument; and, consequently, the onus of proving the soundness of mind-of the tetator is imposed upon the party setting up the instrument. We wil observe that though the cases are rare, yet there have been sonme instances where the validity of a will has been pronoulced for, notwithstanding that the testator was, at the period Of making it, underthe protection of a coummission, as in the -ase of 'Cartwrightv. Cartwright." Under such circuamstances, it is competent to t;ho party setting up a tesatsnentry instrument to maintain-Ist, either that the deceased was alvays of sound mind; 2dly, That though he may have been formerly of unsouni mind, lie had entirely and completely recovered ; or, 3dly, that the will was made during a lucid interval. It is evident, from these few observations, that the main question for our deeison inthis case is soundnessor nu soundness of mind at the penrods of giving instrucions for, and of the execution of the will and codiciL la some ases sullh questions may be determin2d by the conduct of the testator at those particular times; bhut in the present instance it is necessary to take a 3Much wider viewv; for, to form ajust judgment, we must investig3te and. asertain, to the best of our ability, the general atate ofthe mind of the deceased. To effect this object-to enable us to form a just estimate of the conduct of the deceased at various times-to satisfy ourselves whether particular actions are to be ascribed to peculiarities and eccentricities, or arose from a diseased state of the mind, it wil be n uecessary to commence our inquiry from a very early period. The testator was born a7s Sirdhana, in the upper provinces of Bena, in 188, or thereabouts. He was deseendedfrom a General Sombre, who was an European. This General Sombre had, by a Hindoo woman, a son, named Louis Bait. Later Sombre, wvho was the father of Juliana Dyce. There 2ay, perhaps, be some uncertaintyasto who was the mother Of Juliana Dyne, Juliana Dyne married a Mr. George Alexader Dyce,: who seems to have been the soe of X '3British oocer; and, as far as we can collect, by.a ia.tive 'woman. From this connaexion came the testator andhl two ,sisters, Madame Troup and Madame Solaroll. The tee. tator was, therefore, by origin- partly European and. partly A-iatic. That the conduct and character of a person may in some cases be-affected by birth and the blood that fiows in his veins is a preposition which will 'not be denied_ People of every nati6n have some peculiarities and characteristics. the difflcultyis toforma correct opinionI in particular instances, how far such peculiar eoL. stituEons may fairly be-ascribed to birth and origin, or -juWty be 2eferred to ordinary causes. In following up the present inquiry, we shall not fail to bear in mind that Asistic blood did, and .probaly to a considerable extent, how in the veins of Mr. Dyce3 Sombre, and we shall endea'yout to give this circumstance its proper weight. The Aeg=e.af Sirdlsahedmzarriedtho General Somnbre, from rhomn 3ir. Dyco Sombre was descended. The general died nt* period long antecedlent to these ttions. Thne, DeEgzu's &tIcmaent to hinWs a strong, and she evinced it h hd3r ytotection of his descendants, thougha not relatiy'e ofheown. AbOut the yea-r 1826 Xr. G. Alexander flyce, who La.& been in the seBrvice of the Begum, 'was dismissad BY the ]3egsm. and does not appear ever to have been r1conciled to her. His son the decesed in this ca:use, was adopted. by her, andi with isi iwositerslivedatthepalace. 'i'he onyfc wihtmanpires:as to the educationi of the testatoris, that for sonse timne (certainly not oxceeding three or four'yeacs) he reidled -with 'a Mi. 'Fishor,' who,was3 a C2e-gmn of the c-hurch'of Englandl and chaplain at, Meerut -atarge ilar'Statiozt about 12aailea fromn irdhana.. VWhile r-ner'-Mr. Fisher's care be ceuire a; knowledge of the Engiis itiguage.. Whati-ereIs further acquistions Zoe3 ro v pear; DUt, in his pw~n opinon, stronugly expfeisakd by himsel, hoe c-osieler-d his edutatina as -very deficienit, 'isud L7#A) deplred that 'deficieziey. At whawatculsr tig_. ye $oifibre& quitted Mr. Fiahes'a is in' some obeinr;beh,wh~eertht igt e,her~ur4do iv much was said as to the deceGaea's igorance of European society; and much of the deceased's conduct was endes. voured to be accounted for on that ground. We are now sesin of Indian society, and of Indian society in -th upper rrovinces of Bengal. It behoves us, therefore, to be cautious in forming our opinions and drswing conclusions. Probably, too, society in the Upper erovinces may in many respects be very different from that which exists -at Calcutta. Dr. Drever says, however, that at Meerut there were many English families, and that at Sirdbana ther was very good English society, both 2ale and female. Ard. the evidence shows that the deceasedmixed inthat society. He must, therefore' have acquired nns knowledge of European sabits and customs, such i they prevail ia the Eas t-in any respects, no doubt, much the same as in Ei:ngland.- It r. w ye Soo bre, accordling to Dr. i)rever, had acquired the habit4 of this society, od coanducted himself at al times in a very becoming manner. As to the ersonal condurct of hr. Dyce Somebre, i: maybe described in one seeatence-the mos unrestrained sell aual indulgence of every kinid. With respect to the jeaoesy omanifestoed bydi . Dyce Sombre as to the women weith wehoma he cohrbithd, or the entrance of Strangers intothe renana, there is a difference of ofpinion amng the witnesses We think tbat there is no evidence to enable Us to form any-d-ecided conclusion either way. We-canne t say tbat- he la more orlass i given to jealosy than persons of M is blood, education, and habits aovdinarigypwold be. In 1d3t the Btegp adied, and left mhe deceased a very large ptioperth 'robably 5itw00,0QL He went to Calcutta, aftertardsnto china; reurned to Calcutta; early in 183a he left Calcutta for England, and arrived at Bristol ion Augst. Some little ehxperieneo hemusthave acuired dnrfngthe to o years which elapsed homthe Begunm's death-soue further knoweAdge of E uropen society. from the circansotances apreadymertioned some opinion may be formedas to the character of the testator, thougyh frqmnshe mixcture of European andAs£iatic liloodfrom a mixture of habits mef each-from the strange cwonbination of the profession -of the Roman Catholic religion with lahoeaedai prauctices-from the alternation of at one time acting almost as a sovereign prince, and at another in the capacity of a gentleman, weadthy, mideed, but bithout power oranthority-it would be vain to attempt anyeprecise definition. The important inquiry is, how far that slcharacter shall be permitted to put a complexion-on the acts of the deeeased,-a complexion different frons that which weould he put in the case of an ordinar individual We think that w e may safely conclude that the Asiatic origin and habits oi the deceased would probably render him more prone to jealousy and suspicion than would be the case with respect to Englishmen; that circumstances wiould excite jealousy and all kinds of suspicion in the mmnd of the deceased-which would produce no such effect upon an IEnglish gentlemarn of education accustomed to good society; therefore, many actions of the deceased may fanrly be attrib huted to, and explained by, these peculiarities of cehiarter. There are, however, limits within which thist principle or solution from peculiarity of chrracter must be circuniscnubed. H It may be conceded that, in ir. Dce Sombre's casd,i- circumstances, very slight in themselves, and ordinarily 'wholly inadequate, might create, and inea violent degree, jealousy andtsupcion, but the invention of factsdwholly z ithout foundation, the belief of circumstances whollcy imirobable(if not absolutely impossible), even in a person of such a character, never can be accoanted for by similar reasoning. On the arrival of vr. Dyce Sombre in England in 1vls, he wts received into socicty, and seems to have conducted himself, so fares relates to society, with perfect propriety. zLi September, 1840, he was married fo Miss Jeris,the daughter of lord St. Vincent. It is not necessary to refer minutely to the circumsstances preceding the marriage; wTe w/ill proceed writh the narrative. In the month of M earch, 1843. the parties were residing at the Clarendon Hotel. Mr. ied ce Scmbre's conduct, in the opinion of his medical attendants, rendered it necessary he should be put under restraint, and he wtas so accordingly. He was5 removed to Hanover-lodge, a commission of iunacy issued, and on the 1st of July bO, was found of unsound mind, and to have been so from, the October preceding. Hlere it may be expedient tepause, and consider what is the effect of such a finding by ~a jury, acting in pursuance of a commission. Wfe apprehend, as' we hawe oefore stated, that tbe presumption of lwis, that the verdict of the jury was eell founded, and thli the deceased continued lunatic so -long as the commission was not superseded, It is true tb~at a person so circumastanced may have entirely recovered before the commission has been actually superseded; it is tre that he 'may have nartially recovered-may have had lucid intervals - -but- tfie onus prsoiazudi must lie upon whomsoever asserts the affrmation of complete or partial recovery. Such would be the presumption if this were tho verdict ofithejury alone, but on the present occasion the insanity at some period antecedent to the preparing and execution of - the testamentary papers propounded is not denied, and,* moreover, we are all cleartiy of opinionrtha the e the - now produced, as to the year 1843, establishes beyond doubt that the deceased was then of unsound mind. This aeinh so, we think that the - doctine laid down by Lord Thurlow in the caee of "pothe Attorney-General v. Paunther" va Brown, 442), confirmed by mp ny other authorities, sadhut slightly modified by lord Eldon "'ecs;pnte Holy Laud 1it' baesey, jun., p. 10), strictly applies, whsere he mentiousthe case of a lunatic in the management of the estate of his own committee. The folowing are the passages alluded to. Lord Thurlow said, ! weIf derangement be alleged, it is clearly incumbent on the party alleging it to prove such derangrement;- if such derangement be proved, or be adritted to have eaisted ats any particalar period, but a lucid interval be alleged to hade - prevailed at the pariod particularly referred to, then thepurderof proof attaches to the party alleging such lucisf interval, who must showg sanity and comcetence at. the period when the act was done, and to which the lucid interval refers iand it certainly is of equal importance that the evidence in support of the alegation of a lucid interval aiter derangementat any period hasoeen established, should be as strong and as demonstrative of snbe fact as where the object of the proof is to establish derangementi." To this~ observation Lord Eldon added (11 Vesey, junn, page 10) :- - io In the case of trs. Barker, Lord Thurlou said that, where lunacy is once established by clear evidence, the party ought to be restored to as perfect a state of mind as he h4d before, and that should be proved by evidence as clear and satisfactory. I cannot agree to to hat proposition either as o property or with reference . to such a case as this; for, suppose the strongest. mind reduced by the delirium of fever, or any other cause, to a very iaferivo degree of capacity admitting of maindg a wnil of personal estate, to which a boy of the age of 14 is competent, the conclusionis not jest that, as that person is not what he had been, be should not he allowed to make a will of personal estate. There may be frequent instances of men restored to a state of mind inferiorto rhat they possessed beiore; yet it would not be rght to support eommissions against them. Oa the other band, if lunacy has been satisfactorily established, particlarly where there is a tendency to do great personal harm to others, I ought to be sare, by the evidence persons having competentknow ledge unon the wvhole of the subject, that these is au absence of that disorder, and that those tendencies may not be brought forward wathen it miay not be generally known that there is any providence of thse saw thrown over the individual." duo donbt, however, the presumption of lawhto which v. e have referred maybe abutted, and fhe effect of the positive ptroof which wrrsehav e mentin may displaced by satisfactory evidence pro ing the entirereco-ery, or the possession of sound mind, ma hen thie acts in question were done. This, then, is the case w e have to consider-entire -recovery, or sond mind, at the date of the instruments eropounded. Of conrse the first proposition includes the hatter, hut, if either be proved, the testamentary papers propounded must he pronounced for. We think that the best mode of arrivinlg at the truth in this inquiry is to examnine, in the first instance, the evidence by which the insanity in -184Svas established to the satisfact.on of the jury and to ourown conviction; to ascertain in wrhatparticular delusions this insanity manfested itself; to trace, by a consideration of the evidence on beth sides, sO far as wre are able, the cnntinuance or disappearance of such delusions; to inquire whether fresh delusions arose in the mind of thestestato, and, in a siAmiar manner, whether they were tnuient, orcontinued to affect the mind of the deceased till tho peIods of the execution of the will and codiciL. te do not think it necessary to attempt any definition of what generally conshitultes insanity, except sofar asis absolutely necessary forthe due consideration of this case. We cannot, however, err in saying0 that insane delusions are of twro kinds-the belief mn things impossible; the belief in things pcssible, but so ima- probable, uLnder the surroundin" circumstances, that. no - man of soond mind wrould give thiem credit;- to which vye may add the carsying to an insane extent impressions not la their nature irratonal Pursu ing the course of inquiry we have laid down, we srill commence with the evidence of Sir J. Clark. Sir J. Clarkc attended the deceased from the end of 3February,; 1843, till Aulgust of the same year, and occasionally, at various times and places, till the end of November, 1848. He says that the deceased at all tinmes manifested delusions respecting the infidelity of his wife. He asserted thatc she hlad couznoxion' ith her ownL fathLer in HEyde .Pas8-, -in open day. -In 1844 the deceased repeated many declarations of the same -insane chu-acter, so ma3nifestly insane t'aat ii would be imDpossible to impute shorn to hiis Asiatic- blood, or Eastern customs. In Apri, -1843, Lthe deceased had, elea.ly, an intane belief in spirits. .ID 1848 the deceased declared his conviction that ?hladamne.Slrl - was illegitinsate, but whether this ws an insane -conception or not m ust be subject of inLquiry prescntly. The dceusbd expressed his suspicions thatimedicine was put into his food and with a'sewvto dimninishhisprecreativepowess. InNoveosher, 1848, Sir J. Clarkl reports,-in conjunPction with other physicians, that the testator was unfit to be intrusted with the management of his owna affairs, a certidicate, in other words, that he was not of sound mirsL There is no doubt but that the evidence of Sir J. Clack is entitled to> great consideratiosl, but it may be right to observe that the Judges of the Prerogative Court. where questions of insanity are so quently mooted, have always held ihat the most iDlportant evidence where medical persons have been examined is the fact-s to whichthey depose,ratBerthate opinions they hs6e fonned- that Court i olding it more-proper to draw its conclusions iron, fat rather than fro.m tho inferences of others,' hofever smalled in -icases of insanitys ; f not -that lhe opinions of medical perso tar e -disregarded, 1ut that the facts deposed. to furish the safest evidence on- which a judgmenti can be fognded. S3ir. J. Clark, speaking of the state ofthe Jind of heis tmaior in .April, 184.i expresses his opinior in the strongest terhms. re says his whole demeanour DSras such sato make it mavnellous that any ais could doubt his insanity. Dr, tuonro, who was a phiysicini of the most extensive pracicen cases of insanitY, mentions a most remarkable fact, that so early as 1s80, and in the month of July before his mnariage, the deceased did of his own accord come to consult him (Dr. Monro) about -his health. Dr. Mfonro says-"^ I dio not resuember that this ViSit was vrith any particular reference to his -mind rather, I think, 'thut ho was hypochondrica."? That apprehension, h.owever, savours, of mental -dlscompoJ -sure. Dr. Mlonro attended the deceased at: the CIarendon, - at ganover-lodge, and waa ~present it:thet exe1 -cution of the commission. As proofs of mental delusion, he mnentions, that the d eceased- charged Mrs. Dye. Soinbee - with incon,ti;peney w9ith1 arnaody and evetybody, and said that shehadl herself owed to avsing received smen from her own fathier dowrn to thopmeni. Amongr other rproofs of in.- aanity hernentions tbhat the deceased stated inl843 tha poisoliotus thig shad been put wiirh hia food for he piurpose of prodacing impotencr. Dr. Conolly -was one of the medical gentlemen who signed tbe certificate, and who saw the deceased in 1844. He speaks to similar facts, and also io the testator having declared that he had dined upon apples and porter to prevent a levee. These three witnesses -Sir J. Clark, Dr. Monrca and Dr. Conol]y-all speak to 1843 and 1844. The two latter did not see the deceased afterwards. Sir J. Clark frequently did so up to lNovember, 184S. Considering this evidence, we can entertain no reason. able doubt that tLe deeeased was of unsound mind in. 1843; that tho vordict of the jurywas yell founded; and that he remained of unsound mind m 1844. Indeed, such insanity has been very properly admitted by the counsel who have argued iD support of this v,lland codicil. Before proceeding further, it- may -be well to noticesome considerations 'which necessarily arise from this state of thinga. It' becomes wholly unnecessary to expend timneupon the proceedings instituted bytho French authori. ties in October 1843. TShat they were conducted with the greatest' carm and caution, and with the most earnest desireto ascertain the truth, is manifest. Whatever means were peossessed to enable the examiners to arrive at a just conclin. sion. were most carefully employed ; but a knowledge of the doceased and his habits was necessarily wanting, and especially Mr. Dyce Sombre's ignorance, at the time, of the Freuch language, and the examination being carried on by interpre. tation, probably fed them to conclusions different from thosa arrived at in England. If this examination failed, coaducted as it was with so extraordinary a care, it may furnisli some reason why greater weight shonld not be attributed to tbereports of otherphysiciansabroad. Theinsani - being establishedinl 844, aoew issue arises, warely, whether a recovery isproved. The wbole history of Alr. Dyce Sombre, which substantially includes all the inmportant evidencan upo July, 1844, is so admirably setforthin LordLyndhurst'sjudgmnent of the 8th of August in that year, that we will not travel inore minutelyiinto the 'particulars of Mr. Dyce Sombre's history up to that time. It is true that Lord Lyndhurst had some evidence before himwhisnot:before us; that we have some that his lordship had not; that he hadtheadvantage' of seeing the deceasedpersonally; but still, generally spealing, the case is the same asit was at that period in all its most important -features.- Lord Lyndi hurst refused - to supersede the commission. We now proceed to inveAtigate what ' occurred subsequently to Augrust, 1844. In the beginnng of 1845 Mr. Dlyce Sombre was at St.' Petersburg, and there obtained the opinion of many physicians of high character; but we do not dwell upon what was done upon that occasion, for, independently of other reasons, the very certifickste which they signed commenced with a statement of MIr. Dyce Sombre strongly indicative of bli insanity. He stated that in Llarch, 1843. he -was confined under the pretext of being insane by the intrigues of his enemies-of his having been declared out of his mind by abribedeommission. In June, 1345, a similar certificate was sigmed it Brussels; and one of the rmedical gentleme^ who signed itwas Dr. Mahon, the person who entered into a contract isith Mr. Dyce Sombre to receive 10,)001. if the commission was superseded withina termspecified. Wedo not think tbat' this evidence materially affects the Pate. 'We now approach apetiodv he-n it becomes of much greatet importance to trace, with accuracy, the evidence produced on both sides as to the state-of the mind of the decease'_ The counsel in support of the will have contended that the mental condition of the deceased had begun to improveiu 184S, or even atan 'earlier period; and that he ha wholly recovered-before the preparation and execution of these t-estamentary instrumnents; 'we ibustblook, therefore, With thq greatest care to the evidence bearing upon this period, and on the state of mind of;the deceased up to the iimes wheu the-will-and codicilpropoundedwere e.xecuted. We must-be satisfied that the delusions which had previously'existed had ceased4-ceased altogether-not merely that they were not at all times apparent, but that they were not latent. We mulst be convinced that no new delusions -sinco 1843 had sprung up, and -still continued to produce a nmorbid effect on themindof the-deceased. Wearenot now inquiring-asto a lucid interval, but whether there was a recovery from ; past insanity. Before prosecuting this inquiry, it may be proper to observe that 3Ir. laon is, at this period, upod the stage, and that he had a great pecu niary interest in provmng Mr. Dyce Sombre to he of sound mind, and so pirocuring the commnission to be superseded; that it is manifest from the evidence in this cause that Lord Combermere and others were exerting all' their influenee with Mz. Djce Sombre' to induce him to conceal from' his medical advisers;' and, indeed, from * all whose duty it was to dis. cover the trnth, thosc. feelings and those convictions whict htd been deemed insane delusions; that no effort -wis left untried to induce Mr. Dyce Sombre -to represent himself, not'as he really was, but as it was deemed most exnedient that he should appear-to be, to obtain a given end, the superseding the commiission ; that towards the attainment of this object any opinion he had upheld and declared which was thought inconsistent with the obtaining a favourable judgmaent from the physicians was distinctly pointed out to him, and he was cautioned, and urgently cautioned, what to dissemble and concesl, he was urged by every motive most dear to hiu to assume, without regardto truth;a given chal racter, and to carr9 out a deliberate scheme of deception. We characterize these proceedings thus strongly because it ! is manifest from all that vas done that truth was not the object in' view * tha t the inquiry was not whether Mfr. Dyce '; Sombre was really free' from his previous insane impres. Isions, but that the advicze was to deny the continuance o£f -thoseimpress'ons, whether-they existedor not. - We al | not doubt that all tbe means so adopted to disguise the truth were mbost culpable; most culpAble as tending to pervert justice, by poisoning the very souices froln which justice must spring. :But the question 'which most cals for our'attention is, how 'far the conduct of Mr. Dyce Sombre is to be ascribed-to such undue interference, and one of'the evils 'attendantupon such interference i£, that this is aqaestion n-ot easy to be solved. That a person still subject to nmental derwogementmay be made to assume, for a timne, a-different character-maybe induced to concea l his delusions-may be perfectly true, but it is difficult to say to what extent this deception could be carried, or how far it could escape detection; suilce it forthe present to say, that, in examnining the evidence given-in this case, we must atways* bear in mind that every effort was miad4 to induce !r. Dyce Sombre to adhere to 4 -prescribed course of conduct, and to conceal any manifestation of particular feelings and convictions, even if he really en'tertained them.^ The insanity up to 1846 having bWen admitted we have not thought it necessary to refer,' in detail; to theevidence before that, period, or to do more-' thant advert to the testimony of the physicians who attended MDr. DLce Sombre in 1843 and 1S44, and showing that the' verdict of the jury was well founded. hMr. DyceSombre having presented a petition to 'the Lord Chancellor (Lord Cottenbam) in 1846, praying that a further examinatioianto the state of his mnind should be instituted, he, in SeptembeF of that year, was permitted to come to England, and 'an examination took place at Dover under the order of thb Chancellor. We willnow refer to Dr. Bright's evidenced. He vas one of the Visitors in Lunacy appointed by thb - Chancellor to mnake this examination, his colleague bdinri Dr. Southey, Dr. Bright had visited Mfr. Dyce Sombreoop prior occasions, in June and July 1S44. - On the 21st of Sepiember, 1846, and the three following days he saw and examined him' as Dover with Dr. Southey; again in Aug'st; I1ST; again in lNoveinber, 1848. "He was," says Dr. Briaht, "a lunatic each and every time." This is the opinion of ir. Bright, formed, certainly after ample opportunity of knowing all the circumstances andarrivingat acorreriudg. ment. However valuable such an opinion may be, still it is much more satisfactory to know thefacts uponwhichit is founded. Such a knowledge enables us to judge for our-' selves. Upon the present occasion this case has been sb condutted that we have great difficulty in aupropriating the facts to their proper. time-in ascertaininD what the phVsicians saw in diff'erent years. Had the insanity in 18l b-een admitted, and-the recovery pleaded, all this difficulty might not have arisen. One thing however, is quite clear from the facts-stated by Dr. Bright, page 400, that in September 1846, the insanity with respect to the infidelity of irs. Dyee Sombre- continued; - Itis equally clear-that st'- tS i tombe 'edue infiuenee practised over hIm. Dyce Sombre manifested itself. - After having one day chargei Irs. Dyc -Sombre with the most abandoned conduct witih various men, on the, following day he said,. rather abruptly, his5 notions as to her infidelity -were all delh. sions, and that she 'was, the chastest - woman living.- Soon after, - he reverted to the 'charge aganst Qeaer1 '- Ventura and Colonel Forrester. Dr. Sonthey, page47T~, - confinn-sthe whole of Dr. Bright's evidence, and in all ismost important particulars. We think that this eviden e' clearly establishes the continuance of' insanity up to th~e period in question, September, 184d. It is right to add,: however, that the physicians -then reported that there wia'sufficient improvement to warrant -the hope of ultimate re. eovery,- but' that Mir. Dyece Somqbre was still of unsound mind~ and it would be unsafe to himself and others to withdraWv: him fronm the protection of ithe Court of Chaneery. - This vFe consider to:be important evidence in- favour of the result contended for by the eounsel for the will That argumnet being progressive,improvement and final recovery, the phy-' cians'depose to 'the fact -of improvement, and exptets -their hoe of recoveny. In August, 1847, - the sanie; tio physficans examinied the deeeased at Brighton. Dr. Bright says that the power o£ the delusion, as to f. Dyce Sombre's infdelity'was less manifest, but he was not fre from im- ' lis declarations of conviction that he had' been under -delusion were the eCpressions of one actisi& under restraint, and with a viewt -to £v 'particuilar end; nbt': the free and sincere expressions-tofh Aud that bad thrpvrn odu an sane delsion as d was free fro -it. It was on th'' occasion that Mr. Dyce Sombre said' thsaW if he a4ted up: a- the imnpulse of his oe'n heartt and feelingrs he should llevAr; obtain his freedom from the Court of Chancery. All this. is con6rrnued. hy Dr. Southey. Dr. Bright think~s that it M s at Brighten-that the deceasedi spoke of the illegitimnacy £' - the Baroness Solaroli; but w hether this was a proof df' delusion or not is a topie to. which we need n.ot at t ids.' moment advert. 'fhe'result of this examination was, toia certain extent, ' favourable . to, the asserted recovery hfS, Is. Dyce Sombre from hig mentsl- disorder, 'for tho,e physicians reported that theY were' aQnable- to elicit hutf!J pcsitivedelsson ; but at the sase-time they egretto adl' that they feel no confidence th# Mr. - )yeeSormbre 'wjs entirely free fromr them. -They add thxt; so far'as; reearJs the rmanagemnent of puoperty, they 'etein no donu >f his,competency to take -are 'Lof -it. They d4vietha should be intrusted with-thb surplus of his unspproprist4l: income, which would remove one sOurie of geat rratiois. tending to retard a reovery towards whichhe seems lreedy to have made some advance. -The IhsdChaneellormaedet ! order accordingly. This, then, according to the-evidence aj theFe physicians, -was the state of Mr. Pyce:Sombre's mit d' in 1847. It'inay now beexpedientto consider what medic t' evidncethere isapplicable to the yea l46 and l847,-whi,. tendstoadiferentoonclusion froumthatvhich Ds.Brightauld'; Southey arrived at by their examinations under the authori4y of IheLordChanacelor. 'Wesaya differenteonclusion; becaue we think thot, HmnA facie, their testiony estahlishegft continuane of inane delusions, during that period, and sre ha*e not thought it necesaary to add to tbe weight of their- testimony byrefering to that of.otlher pe2sons who eia speak to that time. To -such evidence wo axy kxave ' p ion - to rescrt haereafter. Of the 'medical gentlenjenident -in England o6ly one saw th4decased in thoe 'yeaik naaely, Dr. Coplxud. He did -see r. Dyce Snubr' l -the frst.week of-Septenber, -1846,-t Dover.- e sa iin at. he .ingationef-Mr.- 3Ma.oa.- Itisvery dicult, fron apetusal of Df. Coplabd's.evide4ceo, b collectvwha4jdld -peu in Sem4nber, 1840 Ilt is all miuxed up rithit a'u occurrences of December, 1848, butk no doubt, he resorted to all the means in his power to make a satisfactory investi,i gation. But what werethcsameans? and what was the in-'| fornmation he possessed, and from what -quarter derived! So far as appears, from one sourcs' only-from the in, tereeted information cosveyed by Mzs. Mahon, a geutlemnsI -whom it has not bees deemned prutdent to examine in this cause. We think.e* do no injusGtice to the sagacity and care of - Dr. Copland, when we say that in our opinion the ver;y meagre statements be himmade of -bis interview with thedeceasedin September, 1846, cannot go far to counter4 balance the wsidenc'o of Dis. Bright and Southey. - Xru the phbyicia2ns resident in Franse we do not derive the infori matio 1which 1igltt reasonably have been expected, and fpt.* a very obvious reason. The pleamnig has been so fraimed that no evidence a to tha state of mind of the deceased i4 1846 br 147 could'be'taktn in chief£ Dr. Olliffe (p. 73) rwh was one of the physleiaans on the inquiry iu December, -184S .-was his usmal aedi&dl attendant from. the 6th of Mayra 1844, to August, 184Z. He is esamiued to the 10th artiCs iwbich has nothig to do-with-insanity, ana to the erecutio4 of his will, and there, his evidence ends; nor from all thc interrogatories addieissed to him ca-n we extroct-ioh syllable of evidence properly applicable toi -this crux peenod. Dr.! Sbximpton cannuot depose at a ute ,what occurred st.this time. Dr. McCarthy, though he fis$ became acquainted- with 3r. Dyce Sombre in -y; 1847, says siothing as to the then state or,'hbs mind. Tht same may be said of Dr. Yehier, who, thongh lie saw' Mrj -DyceSombrein -1846or 1847, is not examined as -to, bis o6udness of mind. The sense observation applies to SirR, Cherniside. lf there really wasa-recoveryin 1846or 1847J or if there wis anyr piegress towards recovery, and there wrantingevidenceof such facts to support the argument oE the 'counsel in sur~portoF the will, that deficiency is rholly bo boewcribed to tne ide inv.hich this cauEC has been eon6 iducted-to the absence of all averment as to the soundness of nind,of the deceased at suich periods, and consequently1 'many witnesses who were competent to speak to the f ct, if fact it were, are wholly silent. We now approach a munch nore iinporant'perioa-theyesr.lS4S-it the end of which year3lr.,Dyce Sombre, consults Mr. Desborough as to ihe ualdngof the wil,l propounded in this cause; important not ornly on tbat acqou, but, also especiaUy because that ,time '-as shoitly antecedent to the Instructions for the vill- aD the -execution of it. We must always bear in mind, that though circamstanceslong intecedent may have some bearing on theease.- yet that the true. inqRiry is whether the deceased was ofsound ndat the time of theexecutionof theinatrumnentin question; and that, to aid inthe investigation of that fact, the state of his mind immediately ante' owdentand subsequent thereto is of great importancetowards Snmii3g a concusion as to what it was at the date of the execution., It appears that in this year, in consequence of another petition prerented to the Lord Chancelor to supersede the commission, a very solemn investigation took place int November as to Mr. DIce Sombre's sanity. There wate pzesent on tha'oecasion Sir J. Clark, Drs. Bright; Southey, and Martin, all- appomitedby the Lord Chancellor, and competent to discharge the duty assigned to them. Mr. Marti, teo, being a retired srgeon or, the Bengal establishment, hlad the advantage of experience in Indian habits and diipositions. The interviews with the deceased took 3 lace oni theoist, 2d, and 6th days of November, 1848 As to what Ipssednsre haveitheeidence of thephysiciansbefore named,. and wve-have alsot0henotes of the shorthandwriteremployed bj' the desirs of Mfr D,y ce Sombre, and DubIished by hiim iii b hia Refuttiou.- Sira J. Clark, on his drst examination (page 352), states-in the 40th article that he h id no conversationg mwsththlie decissdl about ofdame Solaroli till 1848 and only then;-and that My . Dyce Sombre said that Lord ithitealitold-him thatshe was illegitimate and had reeated thousame in the dresence of rs. Dyce Somnbre. ealthis, ohether true or fise,'probable or imp robable, is not incone ' sistent w ith a sound mind. Bet Sirs. Clark goes on :-Mr. D(pce Som0breasserted th er. Glrn had informed hiato that ,eecT, and that he (er.l t-lyn)vhadtstated itmbefore the ihole. Conrt of Chancery in Losdntee and that teis declaration was s tade bydr. Glyn in r 8eI, he (the daeeaahd) heingpresent irn the Co-ortof Chancerv at thetime. -Thitthis statementof it.r Dy-ce Sombre's tas lofally false there can beno doubt, bur hether itwas made under theinfuencetof insane feelind s 'we shall.,hereafter'hbve Itq deteripine. Sir,)'. Clark. in his evide'nce 'on the 46th.and47th 'artices, expresses, in ve.-y StrOng termys, lis conviction of -he inssnity of-the testator at that perio. h e says,--"1 was, and am, very decidedly of lpinion. that the edeceased at this me continued to be of nnsound mind." He-states some of his reasons, buthe' does not go into deteils,, having verified thie shorthand r'rites'a iotes, tob *hichtbe mist preseily refer. utDi.Bwight (pp. 400, 401) states that the report is a true and faithfUl - reccrd of wLat passed hat ivarts -Hotel, namefy, the exami-| nation in qnestion-:but c-n the 6th aHticle he gives a morer-, detailed nccount of those interviews. }Ie says thas theshostzland 'vriter-is' paresent at the deceased's ovin reguest; tth e leadinga features of the naseIthroughout are quite present to his* mind; 'that is, the leading delusionsz ndsr which- 'he stboured. Dr. Beright then proceedas to mention'Iahat Mr. D yce Sombre midas toh infidelity? of .- MIrs. Dyce Sombre.L Now', though what Mhr. Dyce Sombre stated to haverncurred is nob beyond 'the range oE nionsw-- b:lity, wve cannot'doubt thaPt all thosesbtatements are false;! that it is'utterly nontrary to all probability that a man y of soisad nind could have 7elBeved that w shich Mr. Dvce Som- aie Eated to be true; and thae suach, the belief of the de' - essed, muss have sprung from- insane delusioou. The oscillatio;1 of the m1ind 'of t;he deceaasod n this oeeasion deserve& remisark Jhisd endeavofirs to follow up the instructions ohichf -had'bcen gi'ven him to assent to' Mrs. Dyce Sombre's innoIcenco of the charges hc ad forincirly preferred ahis inabi ith I persistrin the7coupse preseribed. -uie beginsby reiteratingh- -all tlq chwarges; he chargedr Mrs. Dyco Sambre w ith an iDn. 'cestuins conneh On, and beseng - naked if lie believed it, hesaid, v;ith aw peculiar eprmsstion of countenance, "I shall .aDj 'Bnh'hto atit hestion. te Tho very nexi day he retracts 'all the 'eharge, decla-'es M. Dyce' Sombre to he one of the 40atLndst womehb iving, and -then- repeats the charges over ngairi Dr. Bright is croessexauoa ert a e sayts, in answer ta p the 7th interrogatorv:- tl"Idid, -in conulnoditer with Dr. Soutliy, report that * Mri Dyce Souncba wan more obviously of r nsound mind than-- when we-last saw Isini "- - tio'.- aof ier t-o t1s2eity mterrogatory, Dr. Bright says,d sat S tbe deceased's r expressed belief as to the illegitimac- of m l)Iadame .Sdlaroli? *.s a principal and avowed cause of thc tsnevlnrAilr opinion formedhbyu os. Dr. Bright was, as he' says, -ell awate that other t ledical men had come to a conG -cdusioiashstt the decea.sed 'was -notof unsoiid mind. We; mention thes fac.t becduso it must necessarily have indmced. -Dml Brighit ane his- colleagues to make the most searching ithe-duries tefore -'thvs came to'a contirary conclnsion. .'Dr. totthey thi: 375)e ism examined- on thec b th, 4oth,--and fobth articles to'-etber, a mode of examination ! whieS b ren s ifdiaeicult - to ascertain wdth precision what facts appl; to unn uiartibular period. Our attention is now directed to-svhat *occurred at a private hotel in November s le4S. Dr. -Souithey -says that ths deceased then admitted - --that ae had beers tnder a deluion asith respect-to Ms. Dyes - Sombr's tnchastity,-5at his manner of maiing the admis- sion was si he as by no deans to impress me vith a convicvtionof iti sincetity.a' oe manifestied othr delusions. Dr. Southrethen enlumerates several-hord awird-the illeoitis 'ndey as. tlodaie Solarolpa -ncich ddeusion dest manifested itsielft exarigtone in, 1847. Ho says that his reasons for - risuch belief wv,erevarin oscillating, and inconsistent. He thenreers towhat the testator said respecting m r. Glyn,' pul'd to Ethe coxuduct of 31r. Dyce- Sombre in challenging |rince Doriav -mDr.- 'Southeyiextressas his conviction that the deenased repr ofthen dfi unsound mind,, and he holds, iii insurer to r the 21st interrogator, that, putting oat if the - questiont theesuplt resphecting the illeaitimacy of adamye Solarolws,teose were suestcient reaasons for reporting the -deceased tv bei oE -unsound mind. Mr. Martinl was re- nrested to- tibrndthisexaniiitation -by the deceased himslf.- Fedeclhrs ihis settled co itction of the continued intS1aitY I of Mr. ce So'mbre ' severrp Drticulars:-rst has to Mrs. I l)yceSomobre's infidelity 2d, IaS to a conspiracy on the part - of- Captain. Tropp an4, o.,hers to) poison his food; 3d, a; con. spiray on the,actien SirB, m Jenkins *-4ths tofiordWJardn . 6th, as to-the )irectorisofthoima6tmedia Company. Though ' itbnay bs-cpedlent'tq consider sornse of these par,icuoars, in toder to form'an. opinioTh whether such -declarations are evidence of an stpd msilid, yet it must ah1eays be borne in' minid that ltlmatVy, uoin order to coime to a couclu, sion as -o the statea of mind of the-individoal, a combined' -eibw 'munst he -taken of the evidenlce as a wvhole, au~d -some treat- mast. b-gfyen to Tte mredical wvitnesses onboth - - sides, as to the spparent conduct and demneanourof the - erson exsamined; for --these are maotters w hich cannot b desirihced- Mtith''recise accuracy. H£aving considered thne evidensce givers by tle phyvsicias as to this mnost importanit -period, llovember,i1848. our next task is to refer'to-thec wr.tten r eport of what did then tak-e place, and which iissv ornby dioh 1 tec3orrect-:The'ncrim of the shorthand writers are to 'hbe 'fo'und at pag,e 103 of 'voL.1L It is impossible to give -aconipressed mew of' their contentsu * all wes cain do is to state- the result. On -the first day's examination MEr. Dyce Somsbre wasniosely questioned as to his suspicion 'ofIre. DfyceSoribre'sicifldelity, aud'setbink that, essunjing a delusion -ocithis -subject to have previqussly existed, there ,ir -strong eidenco} sh,w, -that M2. Dyce Sombre had b'een; tutored toe conceal it, and rIso that it conitirmued to subsistAmongT many other matters tending -to this -conolusion, its heabcolserved that the deeated still pereisted in his beljef. 'ta yfi cje Somtbre had made tbe confession tohim of Me wpginD" '-I3iqn follows mention of- Sir It Jenkips '£dtvitgu5;ffdaagainst him; h story v.hout Lord Ward,rtheisllegitiisiacjofMadnse Solaroli;llfinceDoria- is m'entioned ' Xk' Dyce Sombre refused'to give any answerto these inquiries. 'These notes conlirm, m great part,-the. evidence ,gisen, by.the physicand:' But -there remainls an imnportant inquiry; 'sripposlng the faeta deposed to by-the' ~physicians o be -corrfetly stated, and seeing howf they are: sopported iby the n4tes 'of the sho,rthand writser, there is on-f :that head 110room for doubt. Thlen arises-tht quettiosmA-do sochEscts,:iihd3caatoj and conduict on the p?art huf M{r Da9yce llm,bte,prove that -he was of nsound - aiidV 'W'e cansuofi; c'arrr: this; investiRatiors through~ each "cir;L cnumatabee -separatoy .We. Wi'l' take one of- the lead-i sielmefaitg-Ahse' wclduet 'of thoe- -deceased iri- Novemabr,. '148,: whsiin queststd, os - to. -the delosion- of his' wfe's infivelity.' EHis elidf' in the infidelity, ',at 'one time, isan admitted fact, and that it-was a delurn-,- It is said by the coausel for the 'will tbat,r. Dyce Sojubre had, i recovered,,ind thut thedelusionvw.aagone, and they^acconist for any s0rc!s7 onIi-hupart,)'forall.want of regai1 and fo. 'a sitao lity - o ,1the. supposition that,.thoiih 'the delusion was gone, thee' would uatvrally remaiAsn3!ri Dyce Sombie's her.a, feeliwg.of:annoyanoe, Ptsensation of,: cisslibe l the sbject, uocasioned by- All the deprivafons and- ainetues -, 8'd"isdelgone, consequent ,upon. -this .-dehuassinrl, ,udj,t,he,alge'thn3jfldrenee was one of the 'oulsuita' We '*ill not .qxestioua this theory; wewirfl-p.reumme,. Ai'pp-'it eo rtd frodrl such-insn imehelusions. .odf s z hibt I we must ask whei}eFthe' fa¢ts beair opt'tlie ff ~io'ory,'ud'swIiferaSitrson so o.ir6umla stanced did, in fact, conduct himself corre:pondingly to the: theory; wheeher a person whose mental fac4ltieewero becoqae' , gurr di$;dRcthimBelfJnstiond}yBilder p4cumatauces? What should, we expect to be thaonduct of:an indiiduat'jri d-`'tid"esiteh Faf nise-delviioW as tohi wife a !',ciitirhvEidizXoADre-tberettero,-a?nd was ausked? ste' kiApre lfzl-6niti *eIlm! Sily it oedlda.not' be too muls -to expect an. pzuivocal adinissimn thitall the' 'her leeb,1 riesi,, Ibefore:pjrf4td si,st iia wifp were the lehoeciordehurwirii, LIistihe was as-rT, fior th'c sare, ~pd thsa - the delusior &h d: awayc. altboji;;lit niight,well berdbo iedg toke.aynppopoonded, thatauh u endryadual :.,. z.rt fs._ E..,.J ; . i., ,. _ .j, , < . would add that though he 9wholly isbelieved the icbages and admitted the delusion, still that, consideri theaniety to which be hid been esposed, ho coild mot fee ffbatlae wasretored to his pristine xclations towards his 'ife audothers g -row, if such. is the conduct which we might rsonAbly i . z circmnstaneed would dopt, what -was thc =ntdilonduci oi lr. Dice Sombre, rding to the notes of the shorthad 'rter? r . Dyoe Sombre begin" by aying to the physici, that. havig reflwsbceupo tho disiptereted opinion they had -ien him (p. 18)3, woL) R4'y mind was quite clear tKt, whateverlniight hav thought before, I must hsve beenl labouring under delusion *an acting on them." So fax we coriceive thathis nay be conidered a fAir admis-' sion, thongh not, perhaps, couched in the most saItisfactory terms.- Mr. Dyne Sombre goea OD to state that tees erroneous impresisions ceased in 1846, theugh he cae to Dover under their influence, this.ii.the period, asD we nderstood, when it is contended teat he deceased ws rtored to s zane state of mind. Mr. Dyoe Sombre is asked "You are not satisfied that is was adelusionb,fore-tba period you- Werelabouerig under?' ',answer is ,, "Certainly; wht iI haveu4t now been sayig i, that when I. came to I)over ':it WsZ wrth A view to-tell 'Dr. Southey aid Dr.-Bright that; after consideration, T biad comie to the. deterimnnaton that. I think I might -have aded -under delusion, -th%, as I had no proofs, the best Utbiig for nie was to.consider it so. There ws uo proof of any gilt; bdit since then, as wa are not of the same way ofthiklngki s ourch ers are not the same, it is'rhunch betterithat there should -be ro talk or propoal of our livini tiigether." This answer is pregnant with msatter for observationsl: If shreness andSa bility to piarry such questions prove souianess of mind, it is evident that there was no want of those qulities.- '2.. That thi; ansiier is in perfect accordance wislh the- instructions-Mr- Dyce- Somrbre had reoeiveda from Lord Combermere and others. 3. What is nmost iuportant of all, that this answer is not a boo24fidc admisiion of previous delusions. It is not the answer of a man of sound imind, conscious that his delusions had passed away, andthisis&thetr-e test of recovery fromfirstinsanity. If any doubt remains sate-the effect oE this answer, see what follows .-Mr, Dyne S4rmore is nakled whether e is satisfied that the alleged confession on the pat of Mrs. Dyce Sombre of herguetwas aidelusion ? AnswFer.-I believe she denies that." Be declares that the confessionl, or something of the kind, was made to himself, that thewdealmade to somebody, he does not know whom, and therefore he is content to believe it. Heig pressed vwith avarietyof questions, but he cannot be brought to admit that ;Irs. Dyce Sombr* -did not confess her guilt. It may be well to stop here for a -mo.ment, and consider how this case stands. Here is a lady, admitteI tn al hands to have been most irreproachable in her conduct, respecting whom her husband had made the foulestcharges. These are delusions ttheyare saidtohave disappeared, and the husband will not admit that his wifo did not confess her guilt. Is it possible to believe that, at that period, Mr. Dyce Sombre was -wholy divested of those insane impressions vwhich-had previously pervaded his minAd? If such impressions constituted insanity, they wrae present and subsistingiu?Noverber, 1848. It seems almost a needless espenditurecof timeto gofurther,butwewishtosatisfy ail partiesconcernedthatwvehavenotshrsnk;fromafullin. estigation of this most voluminous cases lr. Dyne Sombre is asked as to the-charge of incest with Lord St. Vincent. He answers, but not tiUll he has been strongly pressed, "Iam sorry that I accused him of this." -Mark the nextwquestion, "lnowing it to be unfounded?'- Answer, "Hearing it to be unfounded." Much wax said of hadasne Solaroli on this occa*sion. We shall not dwell upon this topic now, for we must reter to it hereafter; but it must ae remembered that the true issue is not whether there might not be some probable case for saspecting her legitimacy, but whether, assuming it to be so, the deceased dealt rationally with the subject. We have now concluded our examination into the st-te of the deceased's mqind in November, 1848, so far as- it is proved by the evidence of the physicians appointed by tho tord Chancellor and the notes of the shorthand-,writer. The physicians, of. course, reported in conformity to their evidence. That report is to be found at page 463 of the 1ef'u'4ion. We think that a strong pirim4 facic case of -unsoundness of mind at that time is established; but itn may possibly be disproved by showing that these physicians were mistaken, or its effect removed by satislfing the Court that at a subsequent perioo Mfr, Dyce Sombre had recovered. On the 22d day of December, 1848, the petition to supersede the commission was dismisEedwithout opposition. Towards the end.ofDecemuber, by the des1re of Mr. Dyce Sombre,. and through the agency of Mr. 31ahon, a fresh examination into the state'of lr. Dyce- Sbmbre's mind was institluted. The assistance of no less thansit medical gtntlemenvwas invoked --Drs. -Paris, Mayo, Morrison, Copland, Yerguson, and Cos- telo.- Persons more distinguished for their knowledge and experience could not be foundin the medical profession, and two of them, at least, specially conversant with mental diseases. dAs mnight be expected, the examination -was 'conducted -with'the greatest care and attention; the phy-siciAns met five- times in consultation, and soene of them saw the deceased alone. They possessed themselves of all the information they could procure-the rep;orts of 1817 and 1848, and- the shorthand writer's noles before referred to. They 2nade a report, which is to be found in the lIcfutatins, p.468. The report states as follows:- "Thedecideaimpressiouonourmindsbytheseintervieivsis, that. they have not furnished us with any evidence whatevdr that Mdr. Dyce Sombre labours under ansoundness of mmind They go through the varions heads upon which it was sup_-posed-the decessed wasunsound, and come to the conclusion b efore stated, miore especialy on the ground of the deeased's Ioriental. birth and edication.. All these gentlemen have becenn xamined, and some have given their evidence at great length in support of their conclusions. We cannot attempt t lieask of commentiigininutelyupon this massof evidence, but some observations occur to us vhich we think should be stated. Was the inquiry conducted 'with due reference to aL antecedent circumstances, and to what is the true issue in this cause ? Was the inquiry whether the deceased had re. covered, or whether, without referen e to his Previous state in1S43-44,hewasthenof-soumdin7id? Dr. b'erguson hal been consulted by 31r. and lars. Dyce Sombre before their marriage; he had no other knowledge personally of the deceased till. November 1848. He divides the life of the deceased into three periods-from his birth to September 1840 ; then to September, 1843 and then to the period of his examination, November, 1848; and then he says, that if lar; Dyce Sombro-was mad in the Istfive years of his life, be was equally so during the greater portion of t4e first 32. *We cannot accede to this mode of reasoning.- W Ve conceive it to be exceedingly fallacious; for Dr. - Ferguson could Jenow nothing, except by vagule report, qof what the conduct of the deceased was for the first 32 years of his life-; and secondly, he was equally ignorant of what bad in trath, occurred in the last five years. We will cite one-specimen in proof of this assertion-Sir J. Clark (page 350)speaking of the examination of the 17th of June, 1S44, says:-- - The deceased affir-med that Lord st. Vincent had told him that a servant had had connexion with lafrs. Dyce Sombre, at. Dover, before her marriage; that she herself hadtolidhimthat she had-received men, from bet father down to tradesmen. He explained distinctly thathe meant,by receiving men, having connexion'with them." He stated, during this meeting, the conditions upon which he would receive back his wife -to be-a duel of three paces with Sir Frederick Bathurst ; that he himself should have -connexion with her in Hyde Park, and that he should take her back thence on horseback. He first said it should be a roan horse, but aftervwards that he would not insist on that point. Noow, had not Dr. Ferguson been in ignorance of this most decided insanity in 1844-the very period _to- which he'bimself adi'erts-conld he by possibility -havesaid that if the deceased was mad during the last -five years he was equaly so during the first 30; could he have referred all this to Asiatic origin, education, and babits, as he has the whole of the answers which Mr. Dyce Sombre gave to him in reply to his questions? One word mure as-to this compreheasive mode of accounting for all 'the decemused said and did. No one of these medical gentle- ceno-ad besa in the East Indies, or, save from books and accidental converse,-had any knowledge of Eastern habits and manners.& We have already exsresand our opinion how-fAr weight isjustly due to the facts of Asiatic origin and ha.bits. Teapprehend that no one -would venture to e.xplain .the facts detailed2in Sir J. Clark's evidence by reference to this topic; gbutitmay be woll tolookto the opinion of an individal -who,- from intimate knowledge of hisr. Dyee Sombre, from his per.ect acquaintance, not only with Eastern mauners and customs, but mnore especially with those pre'z4aiing in the palace of the Beguim herself; and. besides, amediecal mnan, is peculiarly com tent to give the best evidence on this q"estion. We refer to Dr. Drever, (page 379,,380) on the lith article. He states that the suspicioDs of the deceased as to his wife's infidelity arose in the end of 1841, -or the beginning of 1842. Re details the account the deceased gave about that period of M Dyce Sombre's conduct; the confessions of Xrs. Dyce Sombre 'andl,ord St. Tinceut;.the charge against Mr. Montgomery; -the oweningin-thepavemeut that he might broak his neck, -adtiat-.bis Wife aolght do rbat shepleaed. And does Dr.. -Drever ponsider this the -conduct of amarn of sound mind, -snd-to beesily accounted for by Asiatic origin and ecstoms - edoes he, -who iDaew the deceased so intimately, his education, disposition, and habits, aseribe all these things to - Oriental notions ? Dr. Drever says- "I was perfectly convinced of hisinsanity."- -FRergsuson further deposes: -, 4' Yhen saw-cand questioned him close on fhe histor of his conneinerent' he still believed in the infid-lity of his :wife, 'out without a trace of accompanyin passion." '-What is {,htheffect.'of this? Mr. Dyoe Sombre is proved ::beyond all diaputs, is admitted on all hands to have enter4aiged p. misane delusion as to lars. Dyne Sombre's uchas; tity, there is nut, throughout the whole evidence, the resotist ground laid for the suspicior. In December, 1S8-, -;C noein to Dr; Ferguson, Mr. Dyce Sombre believes in her' jt delityj What is such belief but a continuation of the I nte insa belief which had subsisted for nearly six years ? .Wat ingenioustbeory can attribute suchbelief to anything aut insstn:ty?, Wihat mdst be the opposite theory.? Tht he had abhssoned-the imnsae belief, and. without cause or reason, bhsd -Uken -up a notion of infidolity ooniastet ;with; saity. . It is isatifest that Dr. Ferguson ,eithsf Iid not know, ,or believe, that previous insanity -hid conasted.- Consider,.however, the eonsequeacearesultg 9rom ithis evidence- The- belie in the infidelity atll outinuesk -'belief-2peved -to have been insane. What pl.o is there.bfia chiige? or ather rwe-may ask, wbat posible prooE there -could be? But how isthis ti be reconciled with the repudiSioen of this belief in Ndveiuber1S4S and abor:-idl. bow ,t-l ,econniled with tle theory !hat,the delusion had passed away-that the belief no longer -existed, but only a sorelatie eiieie-l behind ? We do not deem it necebsar - to cminuinnt atlength upon th: evidence f'eachof tht ese; ph,ijciias; Dr. P _iria eidelce s in ac- - conlaune witl the- r-sprt, :ad aff6rds no tter for rw ti-c iolwpe~tihulo e saw the deeasedonoe inla? as -have, 4ota-of -iit onnuired he is -wholy sil4ant - -ot ' -SitIAlexakd 3esorriaou had nO-khowl-eag I *. 7 80oihr tini the yeriod of his exainination. - 'oadAitioWl information, buOt-we san io5ii 0 c to oeseoonclai in *which -otd oncu;.-e sas that a-bdlief that otd St I'Maoest ii4 - nis?i°n wat)duig own age a s Bio prof sw iXit.sif~--- 0 "i' . if ther be nc shadow of rztihf-S- busti* 'ttU;s~4 itit-Ua pie! inmaity, Mauli iio,th ll.j' *h*nawi r 's~ atit e aa~tnc ew and 80S year of age-a f act probSbl uiknown to Sir 3[orrisoll. But een tids supposition, extravagant as 4 appears lo us to be, would neveraccount for a belief that th4 father aid daughter had confessed the inutrcourse. ;Dr Copland (p. 31) givesaIa eviiience a-t greater lengt. '1HeT. seen the deceaewd once before at Dover, in September, 18j but the allegation has been &poly franed to exclude evidence at that viiOd, 0 Ulat wS IclXow not wat op0nio Dr. Cophind theni entertained, nor -hat he saw or knew' Dr.- M.ayo (p. 15) was firt called to the daceaed' Deoember, J348 He GSyS :- . S I ,.; "I found the deceased very reAlMy admitting tho,i insions dting that peridolf his ca nhich they prob existed." It Is somewhat unfortunate that we hate no :hbrtl4 writes's rnport to refer to, for we finll r. Ferguson -e that heutillbelieved in the iuadelitr of hife(p his of the main delusions. But hat s;ys Dz .yo oui4A rogatory? In answer to the5th : i"Thedeceased expressed his opirdc mt t.heEXaeISo Company had tampered in tne business iP relationto hi3 wife ndh erfather. It having beexi inade known to onebq us that he had entertined a suepicion,o opion of ,that nia the inquiy w smde of li, adhe admittedit to' he so. .- " This seemns worth a little further inquiry. Here is an adn&sion that 1he suspicion had been entertained-a sUspiciossIf tampering andunotractation. Wlvt doeathe epreiow Ourport? Dr. Winslow explains it in answer to the `7l InteirogatDry. He does not say that the deceased onifiis exaninutton is' any degree abandonedf this suspicion, but he deposes in the following te_ms- "Hy belief is, that the dweased wa a sbad nan, and t I insanity is an excuse for parts of his conduct which he is not entitledto have extended to him n; is horrible imputstilb against th E}ast Eidia- Company, his wife, and her -fithir, fallingin w ith the habitual and saDe tenour of his mind;t This appear to- be pyroof that this auvpicion continued. Whether the explanation be satisfactory or not is a differint q,uestion. We have deemed it right to nsake these obsei'iations respecting the examination of December, 1848, thogh with no Aish tb detract fromthe just vreight to be attached to the opinion of gentlemen so eminent in their profefsi&n, who, no loubt, exhausted all the mneans in their powerin order-to arrive at ajust conclusion. Though we may finit necessary to compare their statements Rnd opinions- with those of the medical gentlemen appointed by the Lord Chincellor, and who reported in the November preceding, yet the cssowlwlnot wholly depend upon the result of swch comparisOn, for there is other important evidence to'..be consadered, Hitherto, for facts and opinions as to soursdnees of mind, or the contrary, we have looked almost exclusively to thLe medical evidence; before we' conclude this jadgment wo must, as to the -ears -19-8 and 1819, coneider other testimony. At present, howmevr, we shall direct our attention to the evidence as to tie instructions, the prenaration, and the execution of tbe vilL We must first advert to the e7idence of MIr. Desborougn, senior. He attended the deceased on tho 28th of Novemhbr, 1848, through the intervention of Mr. Prinsep, whose solicitors his firm were. Mr. Desborough was aware that Mr. Dyoe Sombne had been found a lunatic, and that tho'conmission was stll subsisting. and he told the deceased thAt, assming it could be clearly estabished that he had a lacid interval -when he insZe the will, in his judgment it wo.-ld stand. Of the truth of that advice - few men can doubt; and 2r. Desborough proceeded to state the importancocof the attendance of medical gentlemen at the execution of the will, and he told the deceased that the contents of his will would be a gaide lo his state of mind. Other unimportint convorsation occurred and it was agreed that Mr. Dyce Sombre should send his instractions in witing. ISIr. Deshorough t;hen goes on to declare that, according to his judgment, Mr. Dyce Sombre was then in a sound, disposing state of mina. In estimating the weight to be given to this opinion we mnst bear in mind that the deceased was an xtter stranger to Mr. Desbororgh til that interview; that Mr. Desorouigh wvas most imperfectlyacquainted withalLthe circumstances which had, previouslyoccurred with respect to Mr. Dyce Sombre; that lfir. Desborough made' no attempt, ether to probo the mind of the deceased, or- to ascertain whether lhe was free from past delusions. -In amswer to the 6th interrogatory he says:- "The subiect of a onspiracy of the liast India ComTany on the infidelity of the deceased's -wife, or the illegitimacy of Hadame Solarolt, never escaped his lips or mine." In consequence of this interviewt the instructions mar'ked (D) were forwarded to hr. evesborough they arrived (the deceasedbeing thenat fariso about the 1t of Februtoy,1849, and were PUt ionto the hands of a oonveyancer to prepare a otall accordingly The history of the £irther preyration and fintal execiition of the wil is detailed by ar.iDeseroh, junior. Before, hom ever, referring to this evidence, which applies to the month of June, 1849, it is proper to oi-ssrve that, on the 30th of April, in that same year, Lord Cotten- aon haoing had before him the report of the physicin,s, I dae hNvmer, 1S48, and also the report of Dr. ?arissand. tothers, of December. 1848, aswvell as much other evidence, had refused another petition, :pressnted by Mr.' Dyce 2ombre, to supersede the commsnuusion. Lord Co:teujnh not only refmied to- grant the prayer of the petition, but accomLpanied that refusal with some very severe rematks upon the conduct of those who he thought had been chiedly inetrunsental in tShose proceedings, using the folldwin" words- 'I shell, therefore, dismiss thepetitiosa; andtif Ihadthe powcer to maka those paty 'the costs from 'whom it originated. (sFhould dismisS it wvith costs; but as the matter standsw I shall say nothing about costs." Two observations arise on this judgment-lst, the decided opinion of a very eminent judge, wpon full consideratiois,of all the materials before him, that on that day, the 30th' of April, Hr. DIyce Sombre was still of umsound mind; and, 2d-, that-if Mr. Desborough, junior, was apprised of this judgmnent-a facl left inl doubt by the evidence-it was reasonably to be expected. that he would exercise extreme caution in ascertaining the state of the deceased's mind-ibefore he-wras instrumentalinm the execution of a will by him, and we see no reason to doubt he did £o to-the utmost of Iis ability with the infofmation he possessed. In testament:r cases the giving instructions for any testsmentary iustrament is,oiten-ve might say generally-the mos importnt oart of the transaction, for frequently the executionis little more than a matter of form. It is necessary, therefore,- to scrutinize closely the evidence applicable to the instructions -we mean the evidence applying to the state of mind of the deceasedvwhen he 2amve sunhinstructions, notthecontents,of -which hereafter. Tnat evidence in this ease, as unsoundness of mind had been previously proved, must, in order to support the testaraenttryinstrument, be sufficent, coupled with other evidence, to show either recovery or a lucid intervaL MIr. Desborough, jun., sawthe deceased for the frst time on the 11th of June. 1849, at Paris. He says, in answer toi the 7thinterrgatoy.:- - " I knew that he was a declared lunatic, and I had aCquired in the way jast mentioned (that is by casual reading) a knowledge of scme peculiar acts done or said to be done7by him; but I had siever made myself particularly acquainted with them. I was only carrying out instructions given -to my father, in whose place I was acting. I took up the matter because my father wasunable to attend to it." - - Mr. Dessorough wAvs a-yOung mn at thc time, but he appears to have spared no pains in endeavouring properly to discharge the duty he believed he had to perform. Whether he was adequately instructed as to what that duty was,' or accurately comprehended it, is another and a very different question. ir. DesArough, jun., had repeated interviews with dIr. Dyce Sombre, and the will was most carefelly renised and settled. He says, " That the tesator directed with the greatest precidon such alterations as would effectually secure the object he had in view." And Hfr. Desborough concludes his evidence on the 33d article with therse words " During the whole of my interviews with the deceased, each and all of -hem, being aware of his alleged lunray, and therefore auxiously attentive to the state of his mind I saw no intimation whatever of any mental malady. 'On the contrary, I found that he well understood what I said. that his mind was clear, his memory accurate, his remarks partinent, and the whole tenor of his conversation such as showed hiu; to be perfectly capable of transacting any business whether it required an accurate recollection or soundiudginent.t And at the end of the 34th article he expresses " his tinquaified belief of the deceased's testamentary caPacjty; that he was of sound mind, memory, and understanding." He states that lHr. Dyce Sombre occasionally introduced the matter of his lunacr ; that when reminded of the manner in which he had expressed himself of his wife's character and conduct, he exclaimed, "Oh! those -were all delusions3 I have disanissed them from my mind, and do not -want, to think of them again." In ordinary cases evidence like ihis woulrd go very far to establish ateAtator's soundness of mlind. There was no want of opportunity to ascertain the state of the mind of the deceased, and, 'within certain limits, abnd. ance of care and caution. But having examined -what Air. Desborough, jun., did do, we must cousider what he did not do-what, indeed, be was not prepared to do, and 'what he was not funishedwith suffiientmeans of doing. It isneces3ary to bear in mind lwhat is well k-nown to those conversaut with disputed wills-namely, the clear distinctionl betw'een the examdnation inlo the capacity of a tebtator, and his soundness of mind. They are veTy different cases, Jaid though capaciity in ordinary language might include everything recessasy to prove a power of testatron, vet, in the more restricted semue used in the Prerogative Ctourt, they have been held disinct. For instance, eases 'hreno insanity has either existed, or been supposed to exist,tho inquiry into the camacity of a testator m extreme old,zge or enfeebled by long illness, or where death is fast approachng,' simply is, whether the mental faculties retain sfficuent strength folly to comWprehend the act aIbout to be done; .but scen lunaxcy or unDsoundness of mind has previously existed, the investigation ja of a totally different ciaa'acier. In such s-case, tisouigh there esay be laten t disease, the mental faculties may be aparently in full rigour, the power of apprehensio:n and ot memory may be wholy unaffecled, and then the objet is to investigate and ascertatin wIsleher the delusions which had once existed in the mind am wholly removed. IUpon the present occasion dir. Desborough jun, was n30ot fornisbed,.with the infornmaion - idispensably ne'essary to carry on the investigation it was not Iiis puroe to institute any mch exantio ha wAs the instrument to forward the doing a particular ct; he looked most carefutly to "oertein that the de-easedrf sdly comwirehearded and intended the act he was about to do. Ie ;raA satisfied with. the proof of his capability to this L'xctent, but se never attempted to go further, and to probe tbe mind of Wi. Thee Sombre as to whetber his former delusions still rtained any erisience. What little inf6rina. tion he attained on this subject was purely acidentaLad Superficil. Still, it iust be admitted- that the abeeci of ,all appearine- of dehalon during so many interviews is evidence justly entitled -to weight, though that weight ie diminished by the consideration thast no mleans ware pplieed tP the sol8ttionrsfthatdifficultque.tious'whletherthe deceased erAsrelievedfrons-his asiteoedent .delusion.- Our next tep is to ooeider the execution of the wiL- This wi tllwaexec6ted en the 25th day of Jese, 1849, in the-preeile of Dr. JfeCstb, ir, Oliffe a nda lir.: Shrimpton,'- iho ial aiured IEr. Deaiorough Wf ther'unhesaftinag ndn na ous bo5it;tioft of the deceased's sanity. Dr. McCarthy {j. 1(1) IAd.i.ew sionahly attended Mdr.losy Somlbre on the 12th of YMa '141, on his return war a atill heinall5e'tit. Dr. lfCO R*th -iay - 'tMrL Iyee Soabre pe Vdod ofitell,thee I usfidjes e iiikt, His caacekr of th3e deaedis c x- -pzeasdist tJaa, -taM', - a 'win tstel . 're}id .t -dl thel 'vetgsw.';" <a a,', - a
--- - , -- IiLVP PORT.. - -- - , |;1 7 VIGE-CHAXCTL-LOiS COTRT.. .TTrTv 9 LANGHORNE V. HARlLAND. - lBeforc t-cMcanclor Sir. STUART., Ts case, which oocupied the Court the whole of fon- Aay and Tuesday. was resamed to-day and concluded. The' facts, Bo far as they bear on the rmrcipal points deCided by the-Vice.Chanoellor, were as folows:-By deeds dwted on. the30th of June and lst of July, iSiS, the late Francis Morley conveyed and assigned all his real, leasehold, and otler ner sonal eatatetothe defendant John Harland, forthe he=etof ,tbeareditorsof the former; andit wa providedthaz such of I the creditors as should not execute the deed of trust which formed the second of the above deeds within three months from its date should be excluded from the benefit of it, unless :admitted to execute it b J. Harland before a fila dividendshould have -been declared out of the. Property assigned to him. The plaintiffs. were creditors of Francis Morley at the time of the date of the deed of trust, and they executed it in 1849; bit no other creditorsof Morley,. executed it until Aprili 1855. In May, 1 a lease wis granted by the Crown to 1o6rley of certain l I mines, situate in themannor of Grinton, in the count of York, for the term of 21 years from Deeember , 18S33 In *May, 185, Morley obtained from the Cron a. renew;al of the lease of the above mines for 21 yesrs, cormmencin on the determination ef the former- lease. .No n't'ce of the trust deeo wvas given to the Crown In August, 1848, tvo judgmnents were regisered by creditors aganst lMorley in the county of York and inL the Court of ,Mforley died in August, 1354. Thequesteiolns wtered,ete the creditors were entitled -to the benefit of the reneve~d lease obtained-by Mforley in May, 1854, and,whether the two juldgment areditors, who had registered their 'iudgments. before any of thle other creditors had signed the deed of tnt eeentitled to priority-over the latt*e , hr. Bacon and Mr. '.. D). Lewis appeared for the plaintiff; MEr. Malims and Mir. Karsiske for the defendant Hsrland; and MDr. Craig and MEr. J. E.. Palmer for -the other delendants. Tnhe VIcECHACCEIoR held that the creditors wrere enLtitled to the benefit of the renewed lease obtained byMorley in May, 1854, and that the two judgment creditors vho had registered their judgments in August. 1848S,were entitled to priority over the other' creditors who,had signed the deed of trust.
COUIRT. OF QEEHN'S BENCHM GminLDntT. .TmTT 2 VARTY V. AMLARPA.URr I (Singtigs a; W Prius, before LerG CmiPBmLL and, u Sc - . ia dd a.Tuei.) Mfr. Y. Chambers, Q.C.04 Mr. Field, and MIr. Bell appeared-for the pLkntiff; and Mr. Bovill Q.C., Mr. Horn, and 31. W. H- Cooke, for the defendant. ; This action was brought by Thomas Varty, printer, of Camomile-street, Bishopsgate-street, to recover from the defendant, Thomas W. Booker Blakemore, M.P., the sum bf 327!L 10s. 6d., being the amount of the plaintiff's bill for printing, &-c., done for the " Clergy CoLege," from the 18th of September,1853, to the 19th ofFebruary, 185. It appeared that in the spring of 1853 a Mr. Stephen John Aldrich, who at the time was acting as secretary to the society, called "TheFriend, of the Clergy," and to another society called "The General Annuity Society," projected a scheme for establishing a " Clergy College,'- for providing a home for the superannuated and disabled clergy of the united church of England and Ireland. "An AppeaI" to the public in favour of the schetie was d plaintiff at the request of Aldrich, and widely circulated. A design and plan of the projected college was then wepared by Mr. Gooch, in architect, and, this being printed and circulated, the result was, that tods the end of the year, four gentlemen, including Aldrich and Gooch, assembled and concerted measures for tcaring out the scheme. The plans of Mr. Gooch, the architect, were approved, and the other three gentlemen were appointed honorary secrets, ries pro tern, and were requested to apply to noblemen' and gentlemen to become members of the provisional committee. 'A meeting of the provisibnal committee was accordinglyheld at Plo. IS, Basinghall-street, on. the 24th of January, 1854, when resolutions were unanimously passed for cariy-. igout the object of establishing the Clergy College. The defendant was not present at that meeting, but he attended a meeting held on t he 2Sd of February, when the minu'tes of the previous meeting w,ere read and confirmed, and among the resolutions so read and confirmed was the following:- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ b litl '"lteolve d,-That the foregoin g resolution s having beaen carried out, the plan and object of the society be forthwith advertised, and that the secretaries be requested to take the necessary stepsfor procuring contributions and obtaining information with4respect to the site." It was then moved by the Rev. Walter Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Booker, and unaninsously resolved, "That this board, considering the great importance of, and actual necessity for, such an institution as the Clergy College, herewith authorize the secretaries to advertise the plan and object, and to take the necessary steps for procuring contnibutions." It appeared that a good deal of printing had been done, commencing in September, 1853, towards carrying out the object; and in due course a dinner at the London Tavern was eaten with the same charitable object. The " F Foundation Festival," as the dinner in question was called, was solemnized on the 28th nf June; and on that occasion the defendant, T. W. B. Blakemore, Esq., IMP., took the chair. An after-dinner subscription of several thousand pounds was entered into, the chairman's name being put dwn fora donation of 1001., and an annual subscri tion of ten guineas; but how much of the 3.0001. suhscribed had been smice raid did not appear, for soon after the dinner Stephen John A ldrich, projectotr and hon. secretary, disappeared from the office, and went abroad, having become a diefaulter to a large amount to all the three societies in whose establishment he had been so active, It appeared that all the orders were given by Aldrich, and that the plaintiff had niade a pretty good thing of the work done by him for the other societies with which Aldrich was connected. 3Mr. BovILL contended the defendant was not liable. He had not taken any part in the formation of tho society, beyond attending one meeting of the provisional committee and taking the chair .at th foundation festivaL Even if the defendaBnt was liable in respect of the swork done under the resolution of the 23d of February, that was but a very small amount. The defendant was examined in support of this case, but he admitted that before the "Appeal" was published, he bad conversed vwith Aldrich on the subject of the Clergy College, and approved the object, and consented to be on the provisional committee. Lord Csa,srnsn, in summing up, said that there could be noa doubt that the defendant had been ictuated by the most benevolent motives, but left itto the jury to say, upon the evidence, whether the defendant had authorized Al7drich to pledge his credit to the paintiff. If ho lid done so, and the work was executed on his credit, the jury must find their verdict for the plaintiff; but, if the -laintiff looked to the finds which might come in for payment, they ought to find for the detendant. The juy retired to consider their verdict, and on their return into courtefound for the defendant. GLOVER V. THE GR.EAT SORTtl5EN R.ALWAY COMPANY. MT.Edwin James, Q.C., tSr. Serjeant Ballantine, and Mr. 3. Browvn appeared for the plaintiff;- and Mr. Bovill, Q.CO., and Mr. Finlason for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Edward Auchmuty Glover, was a banster, not in practice, but engaged in hterary pursuits, and he sued the Great Northern Raillway Company to recover damages for an injury which he had sustained from concussion of the spine, which he received on the 12th of Januarylast,while travelhingin an express train on the comnpany's line from Hull to Iondon. it appeared from the plaintiff's statement that on the night of the 12th of January the train in which he was travellingwas stopped; but in a short time it went on again, and came in collision at Hatfield with some coal trucks -which had gone in advancea of the train, but had not had time to get out of the way. The effect of the concussion was that the plaintiff's nerves and spine were much shaken, he was exposed to great personal suffering, and rendered unable, up to the present time, to follow his usual literary avocations and to undergo physical exertion. Mr. BoNx-LL addressed the jur- in mitigation of damages, 'and contended that the plaintiffiad greatly exaggerated the .effects of the accident, as well as his own position and eir'cumstnances. He also called several witnesses in support of that defence. Lord CAmpEETL having summed up the evidence, the juryfound a verdict for the plaintriff-Darnages, i601.- - is.ar SA?.'NT ;vnaSs. *Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, whose serious illness some months -since compelled him to retire from- ractice for a time, this day.made his reappearance in con-t, apparently, in the full enjoyment of viorons health. The learned serjeaut was warmly congratulatedby the members of the baj on hisl !:rm5t'ration to health: '- * - SECQND. COblT. * (Sittings at Msi rPrius, at Gui/dchal, before MIr. Justice -- WzoWGn and a Common Jutry.) - IENN V. BEEL. 'r. Prentice -s counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeanh Shee and-Mr. T. Jones for the defendant. The plaintiff was 'a labourer, who had been in the em-ploymentof thedefendant,lahbuldtr and' contractor, and' the action was brought to recover compensition in dam aes; Lforinjsiries sustained by-tho plaintiff -from-the falling of scaffold in An'el-court, Throgmorton-street, whero hs' *isd ;esisudoyed. 9%e case for the plaintiff '-was that-the scaffbld-l jag had 'been improperly constructed,- the flooring'being; composed- of; od wainscoting, insteid of proper scaffoldi boards?, and that the attention of the defendant himself lhad; been called to the fact.' He promised to' have the defect' remedied, butno change-was made, and a few days after,! 'when the plaintiff was employed loading a^ cartr,' the-floor -gave way, and he fell some distance. His shoulder was ais-' ocated.fle was a patient at St. Thomas's:Hospital for some wveekis, and wan still unable to use his arm. - The case for the defendant was that the plaintiff had, no business to be on the scaffold, that the defendant had-never -interfered in any way with the construction of it and that he could not be held liable for injuries sustained by one of -his servants through the negUgence of another. Thejuryfounda-verdictfortheplaintiff-Dr.nage, 307.
-COURT J?OR TEE CONsSIDERATioN oF OROwN, CASES RESERVED, WLD.aIDAY. JulY 2. (Prucnt -Lord CGAIEBRi, Baron AiDERSOx, jugetC, COIMMG4 and Baroa BRAXVrE.) TheIr lordships Mat this morning-in Serjeauts'-inn-h,at and delivered jndgment in the following case. The first judgment is that of Lord Canpbell, Baron Alderso;. :Judioe W-les, and Baron -3ramwell; the second is tha; of Mr. Justice Coleridge REGM2A V. BZTA3MJ SCOTT. LOrd CAK-ruEL-We are of op'inon that the defendants exanina:ion before the Court of Baniruptcy was properbr Adtitted in evidunce by moy brother Willes, saa tAt. the *convictin ought to be confimeaL This exmination wis 'ken in strict conformity with- e 117 of 32th -nd 13£h V ria c. 1:6, which enacts ihat the bankrupt may h eymined4 by the Court "touching all mxtters re1tiio itrade, dealings, or estate, or which may'tend to dit. .his- lads t1e=4 ats oe. I mse - r ' d.1 ' N D objection- was mad. 4ucig.-i th aa at.tho.be and-we tink that no-cbe e* id hi& beev - niaa nis 4 t3io questions which were putto*;ihe ,b r, ortthe ub Ijstisn upon hia to insw- tboes-iquetions, x6e ; al tuchedmattre relating ois t P d A, or esie, Mal tuded&to diacloee coeealmeut f( os monev, vrd"e;, If sqo welconwiderit quite clssr'tLathe wos bossed, to ia 'swe,r,them, although by bis,,wers lie miighlt criminal him. 5elf. On eferring to J1,rz a-CoaeS, (Buck,. 531), 4d the other ases upo. tibis pobat, the reult emsto b. tLa a queetioei cannot be put to-a-bankrpt wifhich-does not toeli hia trade,. dealings, or estate, or the direct objet -of awbich isztd so19 that tbe had coamitted a crimiial ct-' yet thst' he cannot refwse to answer a questicn WZhid does touch his trade. dezmga or est'at, although the Mawier ,may ten'd'to show that lna beoncealed his effects or been. guilty of any other offene connected writh his bankruptcy. This ditinction acounsi for the:dieta of LordEldona;ni other judges respecting the questions which niay be putto a `nkrupt; aud -ae think that it woud be in contraTentien of the expressed intentieos of the Iegislature to nernit thebankrupt to refuse to answer such questions; foreverEinee thexeignof Elizabeth sucoessive s^tute6havibeenpr e psotanhat to guard agabs fmuds ia ban}rulitcy, tbti a wupt when ton t ixwer qs s his estate and effects, should not be allowed to a-a,z -iimself of the conucnc law Dimi, " Nemo Iur icipsuiLm occuare." There is no physical compilsion to enforce the obligation, and the zefusal to answer is rat; imade an offence subjecding the bankrupt to anyspecfifo punisrhment, but-the questions, although -tendiNg t crini. nate the bankrupt, are made lawful, and if he Tefuss to azn~werthem he is Ihble to be committed andimprminoed, al: upon a refusal to answer anty other lawful estion. The tresent-defendant, then before the Court of BaStrptc, did, after obiections mroperly overruled, answer qneEtior r pnt tohim relting to-his trade, dealiog&, and estate, which. tended to disclose a fraud, about conemaieilet of hia property; his examination was -taLken down in writing and signed by him, and we are to deternine whether this examination -was admissible -evidence igainst the de. fendant upon an indictnent chargirg him vith. aering` mutilating, and falsifpg his books, with intent tof'de: his creditors. In .. ginia v. Garbet, and in otber cseer,it has been held that -where the defendant hbd ben improperly compelled to answer qiestions tending -i cniinate himself his answers cannot-e given in evidencc agcdnst him; but as the report of 1 ier v. llerceron" was said by Lord Tenteraen not to b- correct, i'e hare no decision to guidemvs to the admissibility of tbhis ejamina tion,whichwas perfectly lawfuL Being a genuine doa-nment, sined by the defendant, -"~risJn4cie It is admissible agaiunst him, and we wvill consiler the several irrounds on wh_ch the defendant's counsel has argued that it is not admissible. The first is that the exlmination of the defendant Was after making a declarationi according to the form in schedule W of 12th and 13th Vicn, c. 106, whichis tantamount toans oath, andthat, if on oath, it would have been inadmis.Able, But in the cases referred to in support of this objection the oithlad been improperly admilastered, without authority, and if the examuistion is taken undaer an oath administered by proper authority, there is no reason for saying that it is less likely to be true than if it had been withllout a oath or any similar svdemnity. The next ground of objection is that the examination was compulsory. It is a trite maxim that the confession of a crime, to be admissible against the party confessing, must be volun. tarv; but this only mnaDs that it shall not, be induced by improper threats or promises; because, under _uch circumstances, the partymay have been influenced to saywhat is not true, and the supposed confession cannot be safely acted upon. Such an objection cannot apply to a lawfuL ,examination in the course of a judicial proceeding. Then the defendant's counsel objectsthatin 'thecourseoftins examination threats were used; the alleged threats,however, Iwere merely an explanation of the enactment of the Iegislature upon the subject, and a warning to the defendant of the consequenceswhich, in iDoint of law, 'would arise from his lrefus togive a trueanswer to the questions put to him. linially, the defendant's counsel relies on the great maxim: I of S nglish lawv, "2,7.,o tcmeur ssipsiun acru.arcY So, 'nn donhtedly, says the common law of England. But Parliament may take away this privilege, and enact that a party may he bound to accuse himself-that is, that he must anDSwer questions by answering which he may be criotna'ed. This actof Parliament, 12th ad1l3th Vit., C. 106, creates felonies and misdemeanours, and compels the bankrupt to answer questions which may show that he has been guity of some of those felonies or misdemeanouni. The maxim of the common lEaw, therefore, has been oi,erruled bythe Legislature, and the defendant has been actually compelled to give, and hasgiven, answers showing that heisguilty of the misdenreanour with. which he is charged. The aCCusation of himself was an accomplished fact; and at the trial he was not called upon to accuse himself. The maxim relied upou applies to the time -when the question is put, nor to the use which the prosecutor seeks to make of thF answer when the answer has been given. If the party-has been unlawfully compelled to an_wer the question, he shall be prqtected against any prejudice from the answer thus illegaly extorted; but a similar protection cannot be demanded' where the question was lawful, and the party examined was hound by laSw to answer it. At -the trial, the defendant's written eo;amination, signed by lhimself was in court, and the reading of it as evidence againsS [him could he no violation of the maxi relied upon. The only argument, as we conceive, that can plausibly be put for the defendant is, that there is an implied proviso to be subjoirLed tthellSh section,iz.,'*TbaS the examination shall not be used aS evidence agains' the bankrupt on Rny criminal chargn." To make it evidence there could be no necessity for any express enactment for that purpose, and an implied proviso appears all that can be contended for. Bnt by this interpolation we may be more ture. Considering the enormous frauds practised by bankruptg upon their creditors, the object may have been in an exceptional instance to allow a procedure in England Universally allowed in raany highly civilized countries. Suppose section 117 had begun with a preanble recel the frauds of bankrupts, and. the importance of having these frauds detected and punished, it would be difficult to say that the Legislature iten ded that no use should be made of the examination except for civil purposes. When the Legislature compels parties to give eviden)ce accusing themselves, ancdmeans toprotect them from the consequences of giving srch evidence, the course of legislation has been to do so by express enactment, asin GGeo. IV., c. 129, sec. 6, and the five other instances adduced in the argument on behalf of the prosecution. We therefore think we are bound to suppose that in this instance, in which no such protection Mi provided, iwas toe Lntention of the Leislature to omel the bankrupt to answer interrogatores resrecting hiog dealings and conduct as a trtader, althongh henght thereby accuse himself, and to pernit his answves to be -used against him for crimal o iwell as cvil purposes. Conviction confirmed. aefr. austice COnstiERGE.-I have the misfortune in this case to differ from the rest of the Court, and, entertaining mnfeignedly a great distract of my owvn opinion, I should gladly surrender it to theirs if I could divest myself of tbh belief that the judgment; which I venture to think errob neous, goes also to impair a maxim of our lawn as ettled, as important, and as wite, as almost any other in it, and consequenty that it isna duty to enter my protest, howdever ineffectually, ag,ainst it. The nmaxnto which I allude will, oE coduse, he understood to be that which is familar to all lawuyers-that no person can be compelledto criminate him.. self. It wold b te wastngm to support this maxsim bp authorities, or to dwell lIen itso importance. The jueig-t ment from whichIdifferdoesnot proceed uponi a deialor disparagement oftit, but on some such argument as thisevery lawful examination of a party charged, conducted according to lawv, is admissible, evidence against him. This exammnation w aas laful by statute, and ha;u been lawfully conducted; therefore this examinration is adetibl eidence agauist the prisoner. aow, I deny the major premiss of this syllogism. I say that it iS not true is-tho general and unqualified way in wDhich it isstated3. I say that an examination maybe lawfvul fomcertain purposes, and be lawsfully conducted withl those purooses in viewr, nn&yeta *not be admissible in evidene against the party cred, when upon his trial on A crinal charge, even if that I charge be founded on the matters before lawfully iLquiree into. We have here, on the one hand, an undisputed aat indisputable maxim of the common law, that no man shall Ihe bound to accuse himself; onthe other, we have a statute, not in terms professing to abrogate this maxim, - but authorizing comnmissioners of bankrupts to examine a bank,rupt touching all matters relating to concealment of. his lands, tenementx, goed, money, or debts," and subjecting }imto iomprisoumentindefinitly witliout 'hailif he refue to answer. The satne statute makes ita felony, puimishabTe with transportation for life, for a bankrupt to on0esl anpart of his real or personal- estate to ]Xh value oif -10 with intent to cefraud his creditors, ow,;- then, upon general principles are we to proceed in ae seemIrg confict between the common law and these provisions -of the statute ? lot, I appiehbna, by assmning at,ou'e :that there is a real conilict, and sacrificingthe common -law, butby carefully exmining hetherthe twDo may ot-e reconciled, andfull effect be givento both;- andforebispur. pose itis most material to ascertain with what intent. and for hat object the bankrurt is.compellable to undero this .examination, and to ansuer the questions pUt. If,- for exMple,it should appear Ulat he-was to be exini,ed with-a view of procuring evidence against him on a criminal chare instituted or to be instituted, whatever one mightti-qz the justice of such an enactment, it would be idle to coutendthat it had not abrogated pro tanto the common law. If, on-he other hand, it slmould be clear that the examina- bankuapt's etaute, andathe bringing itinto ditrbutin,,,g his credfitors; that it wouldi be unlaw-lal to, examine lim for any other Pu]rpcs~ej that he might-lawfnuly.refiiseA~O -answtr ianY questions>nut mnerely for. the purpose of:extracting evidence agaijiat Iim on a crimina charge,-thaen I conceive that you wouldl be far advanced on your way.to a zcunelusion which wil pr-event the statute from- breaking Iin upon the common law. Then 1. think the judge. who,ss -tryi-ng the prisoner ought to say, the examination which could not have been institut-ed forthe purpose of p.r(xring evidence against the prisonier maust not be used as-eViAuene -against.him now; that whil cannot be done directly- aust itot be done indirectly ; the answer which the prisoner oo;tla not 'have been compelled. to give'if the question had beea puat in oraer to use tlhat aswver to-day must not be'tsed *6-day; though the questiont was not so puit,bisit os eailf.oi- proundwhich preventedhinefrorathen demusIntoaar it. The examination was lmwful only for a aeeal rpse and in. derogations of the cojmmon lawaud theiprnscspI.9 q justice; it is a fraud upon that commnon law-and othePrIinciples, -which no Court wil lendit-elf to, even if tbe exasni natio were l'eaclfde instittited forthe prei.riei paMpeses. -tWs the answers afterwairis for a totaly diNfreni, a ~in itiself unlawful, purpose Niew,, I guppoes it Wilihot hO denied thatLthe bankr-ult's lexaminatio is8 prely wat I havre hare tuppoeed-for the puspoas of gettin atUh. it6,Z -and agoertainig his' dealinx go,a tar as=ma b sscsmar forE regulating the decasacia .1 the oomisininio.aa Mi tO haisrtieste. Boyos,4 tbmo limkl tey canmet *ova
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, GunmiAnL, JULY 2. BELL .&21D OTHERS, ASMGNEES OF STRAMAN, rAUL, A-D BATES, V. SRICKLA?tf. (Before .dr. Jwticc WIgs and aS,ecialJzurv.) Mr. Sereant Byles, Mr. Montagu Smith, Q.C., and Mr. Rannesl appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Seajeant Shee and MVr. Raymond for the defendant. The plaintiffs are the assignees and creditors of the estate of Strahan, Paul, and Bates, the late bankers in the Strand, and the question raised by these proceedings was whether the sum of 9,8001., paidtoy the bankrupts to the defendant on the 9th of Juno, 1855, the day of their stoppage, v as a payment made by way of fraudulent preference nnd in contemplation of bankruptcy. Mr. Serjeant BYIs, in opening the case for the plaintiff, said that it was one which would require, and he might well say repay them for, their most patient attention, for the circumstances were of much importance to the commnercial and banking world at large, and the question was whether a very large sum of money had not been paid by the bankrupts to the defendant (by -way of fraudulent preference) upon the afternoon of the very day upon whichthey elosedatheirdoors. Thebankrupts had for some timeprevious to their suspension been in a very embarrassed state, and laving met with a refu^al from the Bank of England, to whom they applied for assistance in the month of May in last year, Sir John Paul, one of the partners, applied, easly in June, to a'gentleman whose name was probably well known to most of the jury, Sir Walter Farquhhar, a partner in the banking-house of Messrs. Herries, Farquhar, and Co., and that gentleman at once suggested that a meeting of the leading bankers in the city should be convened for the purpose of considering what should be done, and, in accordance with his suggestion, and at his instance, a meeting of several bankers took place on the following day, Friday, the 8th of Jane, at the house of Messrs. Robarts and Co., Lombard-street, and the result of their deliberations, after a full investigation of the affairs of the bankrupts, was com3nunicated by Sir Walter Farquhar to Sir John Paul,-viz, .that under the circumstances they should at once dose their -doors; that, inasmuch as' they were hopelessly insoL vent, and bankruptcy inevitable, tbey were bound to discontinue their business that very day. Upon this Sir John Paul returned to the Strand about 3 o'cloclk, and informed his partner, Ur. Strashan, of what had taken place, hut, unhappily, the advice was not followed, and, though Sir John Paul was averse to opening the banking-house on Saturday morning, he seemedto have yielded to Mr. Strahan, who at once pointed out that it would be necessary to do so, in order that they might perfect by registration various securities wnich they had given to Lord Fitzwilliam. Accordingly, a communication was made to their solicitor, Mr. Cookney, who was also the solicitor of Lord Fitzwilliam, Mrs Gore (one of the creditors of the house), and the defendant, and uponthefolloig rnorning31r Cookneyproceededto zegister the deeds and other securities at the different offices in the name of Lord Fitzwilliam, and through his agency also. Mrs. held Gore was put, in possession of various bonds, which were bythe firm as Eecurities formooney advanced bythem to some of their customers, amounting together to about 15,0001. Now, the defendant, Mr. Strickland, had previously opened tust account With Messrs. Strahan and Co., with a sum of lO,OOQI., upon the 29th ..f ay, and abont l0 eclock on the morning of Saturday, the 9th of June, Mr. Coolmey called at the banking-house and paid in a sum of 3031. 2s. 9d. to Mr. Strickland's account, and at the same timne presented a check drawn by the defendant for 10,3031. 2s. 9d. ; and after an interview with the partners in their parlo3r the cashier was instructed to pay MIr. Cookney the sum of 6,0001., the-cashier alleging that those were all the large :notes they could spare; and at a later period of the day Mr. Cockney returned, and again received 3,8001., rniking together 9,8001.; and at this interview the original check was altered to agree with the amount actually paid. These facts, which viould be clearly made out, the learned Sesjeabt contended would establish the payment in contemplation of lbanrumptcy, 'Toe sssembleitbankers at their mneetin3g had depidedthat the bankirupts should ste p instantly, and it was tieir moral duty inevery way tohave done EO, and permitted their asSetS to be fairly distributed among all the creditors. - -He conclided by denouncing the:-whole transaction as one unable to bearthe light of a court of justice. Sir John Dean Paul, examined by Mr. Serjeant BYEEs, said.-I was a meilkxc of the firm of Strahan and Co., bankers. Our house applied to the Bank of England for assistance in May, ]855, and the Bank declined. On Thursday, the 7th of June, I saw Sir Walter Farquhar, and consulted hisn upon the state of our affairs, and he kindly saggested a meeting of- bankers in the city,'and offered to call it. It took place about 2 o'clock on the following day; Messrs. LT bouchere, Mills, Beavan, Bouverie, and Robasts were present. I fully explained to them the state of our affairs. They said they could not render us any assistance. I believe the reason assigned was that in consequence of the failure of a bank which had been assisted by them they had resolved never to repeat it. They advised us not to open the bank the next day. My opinion vas that at that time we were in a state of insolveney. Upon returning to the Strand I told AIr. Strahan what had pasised, and I stated my wih that we should close; but, as we bad given securities to Lord Fitzwvilhiamn which required registration, Mr. Strahan said that it could'not he done unless we kept open on the following day. Mr. Cookney was Lord Fitss'iliiam's solicitor; he was also our solicitcr. and solicitor to hIre, Gore and hIr. Walter Strickland, the defendant. A communication was made to Mr. Cookney on Friday evening by Mr. Strahan. I was almost daily in the habit of seeing Mr. Cookney. The securities had been given to Lord l?itzwilllam about, a year before, and it was understood that they should not be registered unless circumstances rendered it necessary. Mr. Cookney was a party- to this arrangement. I fust saw Mr. Cookney between 10 and 11 on Saturday evening in the private room of the banking-house. lae did not say anything about a cneck in the first instance, but he said that Strickland's money would be required. Mr. Strahan was there. I heard afterwards that a check had been brought and paid. Mr. Cookney was there a considerable part of the day, for an hour or more at a time. I only saw him once. I know some bonds belonging to Mrs. Gore were given up to MIr. Cookney. These are the bonds - one of January, 9,1847; General Cavendish to Strahan amd Co., I caunot say whether that was handed toMr. Cockney on Satuzday morning or some tune previously. I know that bonds and securities were given to Mr. Cookney for Mrs. Gore. The bends amounted to 15,6007. altogether. Mrs. Gore was a creditor to about that amount. At this point the learned JUDGE said that they appeared now to be going into a preference in favour of Mrs. Gore, and not the defendant. Mr. Serjeant ByTS,s contended that it was all one transaction. The check was then shown to the witness. He said he never saw it till last Monday. He continued,-I heard on the Satrday that the check lhad bten paid, but I knew nothing of any lteration, or that it had been paid in two sums. The notes of a large amount were always kept in an iron chest, but some also in the till. There were large notes in the till on Saturday morning. I an. not awvare that any sum of money was setaside to pay Mr. Strickland's check. I think one of the cashiers came in Lnd asked for some lazge notesto pay a check for 6,0001. 1 think he said Mr. Tollemache's checkL A check of his was paid. Mr. Strahan and Mr. Bates were both present. There was so much confusion on that unhappy day that I cannot well remember whathappened. Two checks,-one from Mr. Cavendish for 2,5001., and one from Lady 0. Cavendish for 4001., were refused late on Saturday. Various other checks were then shown to the witness which had been refused on that day. The bark closed about 3 o'clock on Saturday. [A letter was then read from Sir J. Paul to Mr. Bellamy, dated June 9, informing him of the inability of the House to meet their paymaents, and returning the checks. This letter was dated June I Cross-examined by Mr. Raymond.-Mr. Bellamy's checks were presented between S and 4 oclock. Up to 3 all checks were paid. We had some thousands when the house closed. We knew that Mr. Strickland's balance was trust money. When the money was deposited we were told it would be required in a few days. Mr. Cookney had been our solicitor verymany years. Mr. John Young once acted for us. Our object in keeping the house open on Saturday was to enable Lord Fitzewiliam to complete his securities. I remember making an application to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for assistance on the Sunday. I had an interview with Lord Palmerston and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Lord Palmerston was a creditor. Re-examined by Serjeant BvEs.-I think we had about 2,0001. in hand when we closed. I am not aware whether this amount arose from sums paid in at a later period of the day. I k-new at the time of the meeting we were hopelessly insolvent. We have paid Is. 9d. dividend, and are about to pay Is. Lord Palmerston was a creditor to the extent of 7,0001. I thought it my duLty to do everything in my power to rescue the house. That wns my reason for applying to the Chancellor of the Exchequer. I told my partner on the very morning that we were doing a very wrong thing in opeiing the bank. By the JUnDG.--When was the money paid into Strickland's account ?-On the 29th of May, my Lord. . [The letter was then produced, showing the trust account opened at the above date by a payment of 10,0001.] Mfr. 'Ward, cashier in the late house of Strahan and Co., remembered tho check being presented by Mr. Cookney; it was aboutlO o'clock. I did not paythe checL- thenbecauselhad a large demand of 6,0001. from Glyn and Co. I mentioned it to the partners, for I had not large notes. The usual mode of payment to bankers is with large notes. They desired me to pay Glyn and Co., which I did, and then I paid Co-ney 5,0001., he arranging to call in the afternoon for the remainder. I paid Cookney in notes of not less than 1001. [Check produced.] This was done in the bankers' presence in the parlour. MIr. Coockney left the cheek with me and went into theparlour. I had small notes sufficient to make up the balance to Coolney; in fact, I paid everything for our hours afterwvards. Crozs-examined by Mr. R&"o1D.-Mr. Cookney caked again at 3 o'clock, andl gave him 4,0001. more, andI said unless I gave him smaller notes and gold, that was all I could payhim. There were three notes of 1,0001., three of 3001., seven of 100I., three of 501., one of 201.. and three of 10L. I made various payments afterwards. When the check was first handed to me it represented 10,3031. 2s. 9d. The alteration was made by Cookney at the time I gave him the money. Idonotrememberanyinstanceof paying a cheek in that way. Mr. Strickland had a balance on his own privateuaccount of about 2,6001. Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant Bi-Es.-There were only two checks refused payment, that I knew of, that day. We did not shut up that day till a little past 4. By the JUDGOE.-I paid the check piecemeal by the sanction of the partners. I ,gathered their authority to do so in consequence of their telling me to pay what notes I eould, they having said, " Pay Glyn's charge, and Cockney such as you can." I kept the check by me till I paid the remainder. By a Jurywman.-Are we to understand that MAr. Cookney refused to have the balance even in smaaU notes 1-He said, " I want so much now and the rest will do in the afternoon." Mr. Robarts, examined by Mfr. Serjeant SInE.-I am a banker. I attended the meeting of the bankers held at our house. We investigated the affairs of the finm of Straban, Paul, and Bates, and we were unanimously of opinion that the house was in such a desperate condition that they should stop at once, and not open again the following morning. We stated this to Sir Johns PauL if we had a check presented to us by the drawer of the check, we should permit him to alter it, brt in no other case. I have been a banker 00 years, and never heard of a check being paid by instalments. I never knew an instance of a check being altered by a stranger to meet a particular balance. Proof was then given of the presentation of the checks drawn by Mr. and Lady C. Cavendish. Mr. Barnes also proved the presentation of a check from the Ntational Club athalf-past 3. Proof of theregistrationof LordFitzwilliam's deeds at 12 o'clock, on the 9th of June, wvas then ivtn; and Ward, the cashier, was recalled, to prove that after S o'clock on that day he did not receivo more than 200L. He received in cash, checks, and notes that day about 1,5001. Charles Brewer, secretary to the Copper Miners' Company, proved that an imperfect transfer deed of shares in the company to Lord Fitewilliam was presented about 3 that day by Mr. Cockney's clerk. F. Riviere, secretary of the General Benevolent Asrance Society, recollected a transfer being presented forregistration by Mr. Cockney's clerk between 12 and 1. The transfer was te Lord FitzwillUam. This being the case upon the part of the plaintiff, LMr.,Rssn submitted that there was no case for the jury. The point for the jury war what was the intention of the bankrupts at the time? By the JUDGE.-There seems to me, certainly, by the evidence, a desire to prefer Lord Fitzwilliam. Serjeant BraES insisted that there was abundant evidence to show the intent to prefer all three of the creditors. The question is, what were the bankrupts' intentions upon the subject ? * By the JuDGE.-Sir John Paul in his cross-examination says he cannot say of his own knowledge that any communication was made to Cookney on Friday. Serjeaut BYnEs.-It was clear that som,e commumication was made to Cookney. The clerk said at first that the check WaS altered by the partners' authority. By the Jung.-?To; he says they said " Give him what notes you can." SeajeantBimgs.-Cookney WaS the distinct agent of three people. By the Jun.Es.-There is no evidence affecting Mrs. Gore's transaction; but I will let the case go to the jury and reserve the point, if M1r. Raymond desires it. MIr.-BRY3xo.-m, in the absence of Mr. Serjeant Shee, then addressed the jury on behalf of the defendant, insisting that the evidence failed to sustain the case attempted to be Eet up by the learned serjeant. Could any one doubt for a mnoment that Mr. Cookney might easily have obtained the intelligence respecting the state of the house after the meeting oi Rriday aternoon from numerous public sources whereat thattime itmust have become generally known? The real point in tbis caso was whether, on making the communication to Ar. Coocn3y respecting Lord Fitzwillia&ns deeds, which had been given a year previously, the bankrupts had any intantion to prefer the defendant, and of this theyhad no evidence whatevar. The learned JuDGE summed up, explaining the law in cases of fraudulent prelerence, and the jury shortly afterwards returned a verdict for the defendant.
COURT OF YXCWEQUER., GuaiDaAL, -TuLY 2. SP'ZBR A,ND AlYOT11 V. I3OOTY AN-D ANOTMl.R. V-utLrngs before the LORD (CfMEF BARox and a Common J.lrv.1 2r. Atherton and 3fr. Brewer appeared for the plaintiffsi Ifr. Serjeant Shee and Mr, Petersedorff were counsel for the dcfendants. This was an action brought by the plaintiffs, who carry on the.businems of general merchantsat Sydney, ustranlia, againmt the defendants, oil merchants, in Leadenhall-street, fordamagetheyhad sustained byreasonof thenegligence of the defendants in sending out a cargo of oil, whereby the .plaintiffs lost the greater part of the price paid for the oil, and certain differences in the sale thereof. The defendants shipped ax casks of linseed oil on hoard the ship St. George for avoyage to Sydney; the casks cntained 322gallonswhen sthey were shipped, but-oil arrival at Sydney they were fond to contain only 37 gallonls.. The plantiffs alleged thatthe casks used by tho defendants were not St man proper for the purpose, arid t'nat they ought to have been flagged -in order to render them air and water tight. . For the defence it was contended that the casks were fit and proper to be-employed for sucha purpose and that thev had heen subjected before being used to a steam test, and that the casks were so sound that no steam could make its escape; and that flagging casks in the export of oil is not the custom of the trade. . The- custom appeared to be to ship oil in old ale and Porter casks. A great deal of evidence was heard on either side. The Lord ClnHY BARON, in summing up, told the jury that the question of flagging the casks had nothing to do writh the case, and that the only question they had to deter- mine was wvhether the casks used by the defenkdants 'were fit. andproper cas'ss to be used iu the transfer of oil from this country to Australia The Jury found a ver-dict for the defendants. SECOND COURT. (SiUttngs at Misg P2'ius, in: CommWee-oo-reo No. 1, before Air. Baroa MAsRTT and Common Juries.) BILL V. TIE DABRETH-VAILEY RAILNAY COilA.Y. * r. Brett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant 1igott for the defendants. A similar cause having been decided yesterday in the Court of Oueen's Bench, a verdicetwas taken by consent for the plaintiff for 12651. VD v. QUARREY. This was an &-tion brought upon a bill of exchange for 401., payable three months after date. The defendant pleaded that he had accepted the bill in question for the purpose of having it discounted; that he had plaed it in the hands of one Barns for the purpose of hisgetting it discounted; that Barns, disregarding the understanding upon which he had received the bill, fraudulently endorsed it to the plaintiff; who tookit, -without giving any consideration for it, after the bil became due, knowing the circumstances under -which Barns had received it. Mr. Jacobs appeared for the plaintiff, and Mx. Seijeant Thomas for the defendlant. It aupeared from the evidence given on behalf of the plain. tift tfiat he -was a commission agent, -carryingon busi. ness in MIark-lane, in the city. A person named Barns called upon him on the 12th of December last, and pro. duced the bill in question, which was dated the day pre. viousiy, and requested him to discount it. The plaintiff said he could- not. do so without references, upon which Barns drew up a list of persons from he could obtain the information he required. The plaintiff made inquiriesV wbich turning out satisfactory, he advanced a sum of 301. upon the bill in question, and gave Barns a mhemorandum to the effect that if a sun of 351. was brought within a month from that time the bill would be returned. Upon that. Barns endorsedithe bill to the plaintiff, and went away. As the 351. was not brought within the month, when the bill became dne it was presented for payment and dishonoured. Upon that this action was brought. The defence was that the defendant, desiring to get a bill discounted, had given it to Barns for the purpose of getting it discounted. Barns took the bill away, promisngw to bring the money on the following Friday. The defendant, ho-waver, heard nothing -ahout the bill until the day before it became due, -when the plaintiff had called noon him with the bill. The defendant then told him the circumstances under which he had parted with the bill, and the plaintiff offeredtotakel5l.for it. The defendant refused to give anything for it. The defendant also positively swore that the bill was not endorsed by Barns at that time. The counsel having addressed the ijry for their respective clients. Mr. Baron MARTrr, in summing up, said the jury must say whether they believed the statement of the plaintiff that the bill had been endorsed to him before it became due by Barns, and thathe had given consideration for it, being at the time unaware of the circumstances under which Barns had obtained it. If they did believe that statement they must find their verdict for the plainatiff; if they thought otherwise, then their verdict must be for the de. fendant. The jury returned a verdict for the defendant, NON-ATTENDANCE OF JURYseEM. Some delay took place at about halfpast 12 o'clock in consequence of the names of the jurymen being caUed over, the learned Judge fining each person -who did not answer to his name 51. His LoRDnsHp gave notico that he should have the list caUed over ev.ry morning at 10 o'clock, and all jurymen who were absent he should fine 51., nntil he compelled then to attend. Several of the persons sumnmoned were either dead, abroad, or over age. His Lordship said he supposed hc should next have to fine the sheriff 1001. for not summoning a proper jury. What was required was that 60 available persons should bo summoned, and not dead or absent persons. TOWVLEY V. PERRO'- AND COMPNAY. Mr. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Hodgson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. 'erjeant Pigott and Mr. Hance for the defendants. This was an action brought by the parents of a child of three years of age to recover compensation in damages for injuries sustained by the child by reason of the alleged negligence of the defendants' servants. The defendants pleaded "Not guilty." It appeared from the plaintiff's case that the parents of the child kept a heershop, near Whitecross-strcet, and the defendants -were calico printers. On the 22d of February last two of the defendants' servants were driving alight cart down the plaintiff's street. The little child was crossing tlhe road, and some persons, seeing its danger, called out to the men in the cart to step. They, however, took no notice, but went on, and the horse knocked down the child. The wheel passed over its leg, and broke it. The poor little thing -was taken to the hospital, where it remained for sx weeks. The injured leg -was very much shorter than the other, and the child would be lame for life. lVtesses -were called in support of this statement. The defence -was that the injury to the chilid was the result of an unavoidable accident. The defendants' men were driving at a rate only four or five miles per hour along the street in which were a number of children playing about. There was a van standing on one side of the road, and as tho defendants' cart was passing it the child in question ran from behind the van under the horse's legs, and inet with the accident. The men immediately puUed up, and rendered all assistance in their power. Several witnesses having been called in support of this view of the ease, Mr. Serjeant PucoxT summed up the defendants' evidence. MIr. Sorjeant THOMA,s replied. HRis Ior.n3sscrs' in summingr up, said that the jury must say whether they considered the injuries to the child the result of negligence on the part of the defendants' servants or of an uavoidable accident -which no human power could prevent. If they thoughtit resulted from negligence on the port of the defendants' men, their verdict must be for the plaintiff, with such damages as they considered would comnpensate for the injuries sustained by the child. If they considered thenm to be the result of an accident, then they must find for the defendant. The jury, after some time, returned a verdict for 'he de. fendant.
CONTSISTORY COURT, WEDNESDAY, JULY 2. llAMLMR V. XXARMAR. (Before Dr. LuSRDGTON,.) Dr. Lusias- o delivered judgment in this case, tbe facts of which were reported in The Times of the 9th ult. It was not his intention, he said, to give a judgment at length; he had had very considerable miLgivings whether he ought to pronounce in favour of the divorce which had been prayed, and he had not been without a suspicion that there was something in the nature of collusion upon the present occasion. By collusion he meant that the husband was willing that the suit should be successful, and had not made that resistance which under the circumstances, perhaps, might have been practicable. He had no doubt but that acts had benn committed by him which would be a proper foundation for a separation from his wife; but wvhether or not there had not been very considerable blame on the part of the wife was another and different question. He thought from the proceedings it certainly appeared that she was not altogether free from blame. The uasband bad not thought fit to bring forward in plea, or support by evidence, any complaint against his wife; and, being satisfied that he had been guilty of acts of cruelty, he (Dr.1Lushington) thought himself justified, though not without reluctance, mn pronouncing for this divorce.
ICOU2T OF BANKRUPTCY, BasingMs.street, Juy 2. IK-P-RT S. TRICE IWGB [S-IN RE NOCLkLLS JOIINSo i COTTINGRAM, BAMMRUPT. (Before Afr. CommiasioUTr HoLXROm.) His IiONOYD said,-In this case, which was argued beforo me some days ago upoin a body of evidence and admissions previously taken and made, tho question is as to the validity or invalidity of a bill of sale by a deed executed by the bankrupt in favour ofVr. Samuel Pice Hughes, of the city of Worcester. Mr. Thomss Jones appeared as counsel for the assignees, and Mr. Bagley for the claimant. Several objec. tions were taken to the title of Mr. Hughes under the bill of sale; but the main point, and, I think, the only one upon which it is necessary for me to give an opinion, is whether, under the circumstances of the case, the instrument in question was or was not a fraudulent conveyance of the goods and chattels of the bankrapt, executed by him with intent to defeat or delay his creditors, and therefore an act of bankruptcy. The case comes before me under an arrangenment between the assignees and Mr. Hughes, whereby the proceeds now in the hands of the official assignees of the property transferred by the bill of sale are made subject to my order as to the validity of Mr. Hughes's claim. The material facts of the case are these :-The bankrupt was an .arcbitect and builder. E[is principal business was that of an architect. In September, 1853, he was employed by Mr. C. Pascoe GrenfelL, of Taplow-cou-t, Bucks, to msake some alterations and repairs to his house and other buildings. By the agreement between the parties the bankrupt was to supply the materials and find the work and laboiur, and Mr. Grenfell -was to make advances to him from time to time as the works proceeded. Some disagreement having arisen between Mr. Grenfell and the bankrupt, the works stopped in February, 1854. Previously to that time the bankrupt had evidently been in pecuniary difficulties. In 1S51 he made an assignment of bools and orher ariclesto hismotherto secure a debt of about 6001., and between October, 1852, and the 22d of April, 1854, he had borrowed money of R. Attenhoroughbat M2' sad 15; per cent. on the same books (which wereprincipalfy architectural), and on some fewpaintings and some furniture. Theze were all sold subsequently to Cottingbam'sbaularnptcy, realizingsomowhatless than themoney auvanced nponthem with the expenses. The loans made to him were 350. in October, 1852, 'which was renewed in October, 1853, with 211. further advance; and 1001. more on the 22d of April, 1854. After the cessation of the works at Taplow-court, the bankrupt niade a claim against Mr. Grenfell for 2,630. 'Mr. GrenteUl disputed the demand made upon him, -contending that he had considerably overpaid -the bankrpt. 'In March, 1854, the barkrupt, under the advice of Henry Maddocks Daniell, hi s'sollpitor, comrnmenced an actin)n a,gainst MEr. Grenfell, and about the sniddie of that month, through Daniell, he called a meeting of his trade creditors, whose debts were consicted. in resp~ct. of Mr. Gresifell!s 'wefks..Tenur of the. ban'k pt's -6lnimn agamst Grenfell was explained, antl'the object. was. to get time. M1r. P ratt attended the, nmeeting on behalf of 'GrenfelL, 'There were two cubeequent. meetings of credlitors on the' 7th 'and .12th of April. The result was, that the credlitors 'would - not gve. time. At the time of the first mieeting of creditors, an the middle, of Mafrcli,' there were three actions pendiiig against the bankrupt, besides County Court plaints. Thm amount of debts L-cud for was- fromi M0. to 1,000f. Several jadgments were obainiled 4gainst~ the bankrupt; one in the Queen's Bench, on the 27th of March, 1S54, by Craxford, for 91(1. is.; and ane by Creokes, liithe Westminister County.Court ont'he same da6y, for 191.'18s. lid. ; and on the 10th of April. 1S54; C. Healey obtained judgment in the Queen's Berich for 1041. 10s.; aiid on the 12th of April the bankcrupt wias' seried with a trader debtor's summons by Bennett fur 577!. lOs. 4d. Mr. Bennett hiad bronghit ans action against the bankcrupt early in March for the Same demand, to waich t-he bank riapi' pleaded never indebted; it w%as set. down for trial. He aterwrdssignd anadmssio ofthe de'bt under the siunons apparsthattheadvacesaide to the lianrup hr r. reenellamoutedto 3,460L, and the nothing due to the bankrupt from Mr. Grenfell, and, looking to the nature of the- arrangemenit between the bandkxupt and Grenf-11, and bankrupt's owan needly circumrstances, it is not likely that he shOuld have done wvork to any cixteat beyoncl the =nounts advanced to him by Grenfell. At the meeting of creditors to whiclh I have referred, the only property which the, hankaupt was represented to hiave, besides the; claim he oaade aigainst Grenfell, was certain building materials and effects which were on MLr. GrerLfell's premises at £esPlow-eourt; and the bankrupt's own affidavit in support of his petition to Surrender is confirmatry of this. Daniell, in lins examination, says, he had henril the bankrupt speak of other debts owing to ham;- butt Grenfell was the only party he had been instructed to a,pply to. There can be no doubt5 I think, that if the bankrupt had any other ava ilable property it would have been brou ght to the notice of the creitrsat tos- meetings. The last Of these mneetings took place on the 12th of April, and on the 16th of April the ban1krupt's acceptance for 220!., which Mr. D)aniell had previously got discounted by Mx. Hughess for the bankrupt, and which hadl been twice renewed, was coming, due. Daniell was party to this bill as drawer. The bankrupt vwas not able to meet his acceptance ; it 'was then arranged between the bankrupt andl Daniell that he (flaniell) should obtan a loan for the bankrupt, for the Kurpose, as Daniell Say "oi 0 P-3ying so mumch in the pound to iscedters, as haLd been Suggested. by one o-f them." This ledl to- the negotiation with Mr. Hughes. Daniell furst saw Hughes on the subject on the 15th of April, and after-' ward,r there wsacreonence between them which ended. in the eecuiton. of the hill of sale, datedl the 22d of AlirAl, I85, for securing the amount of the bankruaptes overdue acceptance, and 250g'., being a further adivance. M1r. Hughes came to town on, the 24th of April, and took the bill of salei fromn Daniell, and Daniell, having authority from the bankrupt, requested Hughes, to pay him the 250L., less his (Hughies's) costs, receive at the samne time from Hughes in cash 2201., and signed a receipt for " 250!.. less 30!. retained by Huighes, as agreed, for costs." Daniell says he dida not communicate to Hughes that the bankrupt was in embarrassed circumstances, nor of the meeting.-s of his creditors; but he told him that the bankrupt had a large claim on Grenfoil, andI that he (the bankruvpt) proposed to raise a loan on some building materials for 'which he had no) further use ; end that the bankruipt said he was going to be Married, and that he was to go to Scotland or Prance. Hle wa,in fact married at the time. It seems that Danieh hdhimself abill of sale of a previous date on the propertEy assigned to Hlughes, which he subsequently relinquished in favour of Hughes, and destroyedl it. Hughes says he did net knew t,his until after heha-d obtained his hill of sale. There in nothing in,the correspondence betweenx Rughes and Daniell to show covin or connivance on the part 'of Hughes. Hughes, therefore, Stands in the transaction as an ignorant party, but I cannot say an innocent party. Actiung as his own solicitor in the miatter, he seeks for no information beyondl Daniell's assurance as to the value of the mnaterials and of the defendant's claim against Grenfell. xesearch is mnade for judgments on tradler debtors' summonses against Vottingi'ham, and no comsuniciiation takes plac wihlr Grenfel, on whose premitses t'he nmaterials w-vvere pft=lacd Had these precautions been used, Hughes would have found that he was oni dangerous ground, so far as regardedl the secrit from the bankrupt. The only way of accounting for the readiness with which Hughes advanceed bin maoney, and for the abs'''ene on his Part of everythintg like diligence to ascertain'the availableness of the transfer proposed of gods in the possession. of a, third party, is b)y adverting to tecircumstance that Daniel was to be surety for the 'bankrunt by ioining in the promissory note. On the 25th of April, fieing the day after Hughes took the bill of sale, the bwankrult committed an act of banlcrul?toy by goinig abrload. He0 hai) ceased to attend regnlnr1l at his place of business for 3many weeks before. OnteZiho prl 84 ei tion for adjudication of bankr-uptcy -was fied, under whichh an adjudication was made on -the tst of May. Out of 2201. paid to Daniell, he retained, 170!. to satisfy hills of costs due to himself, and handed over 50!. to the bankcrupt. The debts owaing by the ibankrupt, exclusive of what he owved to his miother and' of any sum which he might have been overpaid by Grenifell amounted to about 1,400!. Hughes forthwith, after o'btaining the bill of sae, demanded, and endeaveured to obtain possession of, the 'goods and effects assigned to him; hut Mr. Greanel declined to give them up, having received. notice of a prieor bill of sase. The bill of sale in question was by indentumre between the bankrupt of the one part, an(i Win. Samuel Price Hughes of the other part, bearing date the 22d of April, 1S54. It recites that the bankrupt is inidebtedI to Hughes in 2201. for Imoneylont, andthat the bank-rupt, being in imnmediate want of the further sum of 250!., had applied to Hughes to lend himn the same, upon having the two sums, making together 4701., secured by the joint andP several promissory notes of the bank-rupt and Henry Maddlcls Daniell for 4701., payable on dlemand, with interet at 5 per cent., and also by an assigunment of the building materials, implements, and effects tiaereinafter mnore particutlarly desqcribed ; and then, the deedl pm-ports, in consideration of 22Sf. so due and 250!. ps-id to the bankrupt, to bargain, sell, assign, &c., to Hughes all the bricks, stone, timnber, implements, scaffolding, and other efrects described in a schiedule to the deed, and which then were in and about the premises at Taplow-court, with power to Hutghes to enter and take the chattels aend effects assigned as his absolute property, upon trust forthwith to sell the same, and to stand possessed of the monceys to arise front the sale upol trust, to reimburse himself the expenses of the sale or otherwise inthe execution Of the trust; and it was agreed thal Hughes should he entitledI to chlarge as an attorney and solicitor for any professional business andI loss of time and journeys in taking possessioni or converting the property, &e. ; in the next place to reimburse himiself the 4701, and interest at 5 Per cent., and to render an accotunt for the surplus (if any) to the bankrupt. Now, although this bill of Sale does not purport on the face of it to convey all Cottingizem's property, I think- the evidence adduced before me in sufficient to show that it. did in fact substantially convey all that he had; andl that it was made when he was insolvent and on the eve of leaving the country, and being in part for a bygone debt, anid the advance made at the timie being nothing lik-e a present equivalent for the value of the property transferred (fear the trader parted with property to the value of 800!., getting an equivalient onlyfor so much as was Worth the Sum advanced, namiely 20021.4; ancl consfderin,g the amount of the trader's liabilities, I am of opinion thnat the deed is a fraudulent transfer of the goods and chattels of the trader -within the mecaning of the Bank-rupt Law, and an act of bankruptcy. Tho advance made at the time, and the Precision us t'he deed for the immedliate conversion. of the IroPerty into cah (which was much relied on by Mrx. Bagl ey i favour of its validity), with the r-esulting trust in favour of the bankrupt, and a probable sabsaential surplus, cannot alter the legal effect of the deed, a'hich was to put the Property assigned out of the immediat-ereach of the trader and of his creditors, and to deprive the creditors of their legal remedy; the trader's equitable interESt in the surplus not being seizable unader a jles- fsie,, and, the sum advanced being amall rompared with th au fthe pgo et ssigned, and with the amount of the trader's liab ltiin, the necessary effect of the deed was to defeat anLd delay the creditors of the trader, and if such be the necessary effect of the deedi the banrumpt (Cotting. ham) maust be tak-en to have maado it with that intent. The deedl being, then, in itself an act of bank-ruptcy, its having been made in favour of a party who wvas ignorant of the circumstances making it anact ofbankruptcy willnotprotect it. _Wfth reference to the Several cases which were cited and commenmted upon by the leatrned couinsel for the respective partie.s6 theo judgmient of the Court of Common pleas ina t'he case of "1Grahainv. Chapman" (12 0. .895), as explained by Lord Camp ell in " Hutton v. Crattwell" (1 El. and BL, 1.5). and tho observations of Lord Campbell ini the last case, and of Lordl Lyndihurst in "1Carr v. Burdiss" (1 C. 211 and M., and 5 Tyrwh., 134), and the csse of " Smith v. Cannan," (2 El. and BL, 35), confirm, I think-, the view which I takce of this CaSe. In " Hutton v. Crattwell" (1 EL and 1EL, 15), LodCagbell, speaking of " Graham v. Chapman," says, "The deed, expressly recited that it was given not only for a further adlvance, but for an old unsecurecl debt;"- and Lord Chief Justice Servis severval times points this Out as the chief foundation of his judgment. It' is trae (as r. agly sid) is ordhiplikewise remaredec noon te powr to ake ater-aquire proprty, whichi ration were either wholly or partial anantecedent debt contracted -aithaout security, andthte found no such doctrine Lai. down in "(Iraham v Chap-man" as 'was contended for by Serjeant Kinglalke in "H Eutton v. Crattwell"-viz., that a deed with a clause which authorized the party to enter and sell after-acquired property is necessarily an act of bankruptcy. In II Carr v. Burdiss" (1 C. ML 'and IL, and 5 Tyrwh, 136), Lord Lyndhurst says, " Suppose nothing to ba previously due from a trader to parties about to advance him money, a mortgage to them of his vhole eflects would be valid, the effect of smach transfer beinig onlv the substitution of one sort of property for another--viz., money for goods." Lord Lyncdhurst in this remark must have meant that to. make such a mortgago valid an equivalent amust be given; as the judges did in " Siebert v. Spooner" (1 AL and W, 714.) In " Grabam v. Chapman" (12 C. B., 85), Lord Chief Justice jervis says, referring to " Gilbert v. Spooner," " The judges thero speak of a conveyance being good wher an equivalent is given; but they mean, and Baron Alderson says that he means, to sPeak of a sale or transfer for fiull consideration." I think the same opinion must have been entertained by Lord Lyndhurst iin "Ex parte Marshall"' (1 De Gex 273), and byYice-Chaneelor Rnight Brute in the same case. before the Court of Rleview (3 Mont., D. and D., 674), 'and by the Chief Justice in "EnF parte Sparrow" (I Bankruptcy ,AIppe*Ls 201).. Thien, in " Smith v. Cannan" (2 El. and 1L, 35), it -was held by the Exchequer Chanaber on a bill of excoeption s that the 'necessary consequence of. an assijgnment of *hat is subshantiali~ aU a trader's 'proparty is to delay his c reditors, and that the existence of a resulting trust and of a substantial sirplus does not prevent its having that effect; and that a conveyance necessarily delaying a trader's creditors is an act of bakukptc, thoug-hit hzsnbt the ffecC6f 'at6ppIg his traa.i w' asad,that a transwtionbeing itself san act of -bankr~uptcy71- MnOV-sotected, though entered'into vith aKp.Trtywho hka nio no-tiee of the circumstances maldn~ itAnoct of bi.nkruptc. r Bs8gley said. a judgment advers to Mr uge' cli -ould be a hard c-ase unponL that gent-lernaui. Considering sllthe circumstances, I cannot think so. Acc6rding to the evidenee MLr. Hughes seesnii to hive relied upon Mx. Daniel1l, whose guarantee he took for -the -whole -4701., and ,to whom he shouia- go for redres. With regaia to the costs of thiB inquiry whch are left to the discietion of the Coiurt I thfink Mr. Hughes mustL pay his own. He ought to be, and I have no douLbt will be, teimlrtied _by Kr.- D%nieU. But, inasmuch as -a great por-ticdi of the costa of the inquiry in this court'woiul have been incurred supposing the question submitted for my judgmnent had been determined by aL diffe.. rent tribunal. I think the4 costs of thehassignees should com6 out of the bankruapts'sstate. *- (Before X r. Commussoner FO~NBAa,NQim). fLT iRE JA.MES HLRRIISON-EX FARTZ WESTON .A2D oTmEns. 'The bank-rupt -was ar,omnmissonagent of Huggin-lane. His HOZOUm gave juadgment at considerable length upon the quaestion of 1 a petition,-virn; whether the holders of certeau hills of exchange, which were accepted by the bankruapt against consignments, were entitled to -the Drocoeds of the goods preferentially in part payment* orthe bills. The point involved was atechnical ono.. The leamned Commlissioner's judgment, after, adverting to "Br parts Wiring," " Powie's v. Hargraves,"1 and other cases cited, was, that the first clamants upoathe goods were the comamiission and carriage; the second, the general balance in whbich the consiguors might ba indebteid to the conaIgnos, and that the billhoiaers, as representing the consignors, would be entitledl to the surzplus. Mr. Roxburgh appeared for the Ietitionin billholderE6 Mfr. Murray for the assigiees, Mr awrance fr5.~: creditors opposing the petition, and 1r. Linklater for the bankrupt.
IJYSOlTENT DEETORS COU1BT, JuZQ 2. IN RB GEORGE ANNE P]NTON. (Before the CH= CO}MnESIONmRL , Thisinsolvent appeared to receive the adjudication of the Court. He was a commission agent and check-taker at VauxhEal-gardens. The complaintof the opposing creditor, fr. Bakrer, a builder, was that the insolvent bademployed him to repair his house at Lamnbeth, and had no means of paying himn. Tho CHiEF COSrrcsscIOsx: pronounced a judgment of seven months froui the vesting order, for contracting the debt wiith- Mr. Baler without reasona'vle expectation of payment.
1FOLICE. AU,LSIO oS-lOlJb-George Allen and Jeremiah Caldon were charged with having pic?;ed the Docket of a lady of some silver as she was passing over London-bridge, Mr. Wontner appeared for the prisoners. WMillam Kershaw, a porter, residing at No. 28, Turnersquare, Hfoxton, said,-About 6 o'dock, yesterday evenig, I observed the two prisoners, in company with two other men not in custody, walking close to a Mady on Londonbridge, and suspecting that they were thieves I watched their movements, and presently saw Caldon put his hand into the lady's pocket,from which hedrew some silverwhich he handed to Allen. I followed them ti I met with a policeman, into whose custody I gave them. Cross-examined by Mr. Wontner.-I was afraid to tell the lady she had been robbed, lest the prB4oners or their companions might iUtreat me, and I thought it better to follow themn till I o ;nd a policeman. J. ladmore, constable No. 4.22, said, the prisoners were g,iven into his custody by the last witness, and on taldng them to the station-horuse ne asked Allen how much money he had in his pocLet? vhen the latter replied, "About l9s." He then searched him, ancd found in different pocLets 1l. lSs 5d., and a Qneen Anne's shilling. On the prisoner Caldon he found only 4d. Allen gave a false address, and Caldon a correct one. W. Tmrner, constable, No. 641.-I had the prisoner Caldon in custody on the 14th of Mfay last year for stealing a watch and chain from a gentlemna in Leadeohall-street. He was committed to the Central Criminal Court, where he was afterwards tried, convicted, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard-labour. Mr. Wontner contended that the evidence was quite insufficienlt to justify the detention of the prisoRers. Alderman CunBIT aid, he considered the charge to be most satisfactorily provedl, andsentenced the prisoners to two months' imprisonment Tfithhard labour at Holloway. Allen, in a very cool manner, asLed for the restoraotin of the money found npon his person, upon which Alderman Cunra's said that the if. 13s. 5Ad. would be appropriated towarcds the expense of his mrailtenance in prison. Bow-sTPEET.-Denis Leary, a costermonger, was brought up on remand, on suspicion of stealig a diamond ring from the body of one Robert Stoclker, killed in a dispute in the street. -At about half-past 4 on Monday morning last the deceased, who was an hydraulic engineer, carrying on business in Arthur-street, New Oxford-street, was observed by a lad named Edward Evans, in High-street, beating a maa with a stick. The man was retreating backLwards and the deceased followging him up. Deceased having broken his stick over the man's head, the1atterrnshedupon him and felled him to the ground at one blow. The prisoner and two others of the bystanders went to the fallen man end found that he was dead. Evans, who knew deceased, told them -where he lived, and they carried him home. While they wrere waitinlg at the doorfor adnaission Evans saw the prisoner searchthe pockets of the deceased, but, fnding only a small key, he threw it under the scraper, and exclaimed with an oath, " Not a mag." It was afterwards discovered that a ring bad been taken from the hand of deceased. One witness proved that the deceased had the ring on his fnger at the time he was strulck- down. Inspector Cneckley stated that, from information he had received, he had no doubt he should be enabled, in a few days, to trace the ring, asd probably to prove by whom it had been gpledged, H could also produce the other men who hadl assisted in carrying the body. Mr. HnxnY inquired if any charge would arise from the death of Mr. Stocker ? Mr. Checldey could not say at present. An inquest was held on Tuesday, but adjourned to a fature day. The prisoner, who offered no defence, was remandedfor further examination. MAsronoZUG1I-srmEr.-Joseph Simpson wvasbrought before Mr. BEADox for fnal examination, charged with an offence known as " garotting," and with attempted robbery. Henry Lamech Edmunds, whose face appeared to he strapped over in several places, said-I am a theatrical assistant, and live at 17, Rupert-street. About 2 o'clock of the 25th of June I went to a watering!screen in Georgeplace, when I was suddenly attacked by the prisoner and two other men. The prisoner "garotted" me byseizing me from behind and compressing my throat, and another man struck m.e violently. I was forced down, and struck with something. I felt one of the mnenis hands in my pockets. I had never seen the prisoner or his companions before. I was very much injured about the head, and the pressure on my throat was so violent that I feel pain still. I do not lnow whether my throat was squeezed -with the hands or by some instrument, Vhile I was beang garotted the other man vwas strilkng me over the head, The other men mrn off, but the prisoner steod near as if hehad taken no part in hte outrage. I never lost sight of him, and when I went towards him give him into custody he ran away, but was stDpped and secured. Police-constable Hinds, C 205.-On Wednesday morning, about 2 o'clock, I saw the prisoner and two other men standing at the corner of Rupert-street. Soon after this I heard a violent cry for police. I ran dgwn the street and saw the prisoner iu George-court, followed by the prosecutor, who was covered with blood. I pursued theprisoner, and having stopped him the prosecutor identified him. Cross-examined by Mr. Wakeling, jun.-The prisoner was not searched, and I did not see any blood onhis clothes, but I saw him wipe his face and hands. The prisoner afterwards gave ishanakerchief tohis mother, and then it appeared free from blood. WlhenIstopped the prisoner he said I had no more right to take him than any other stranger. I sow a man run down the street before I took the prisoner The prosecutor positively swore that the prisoner was the man who garotted him. The prsoner asserted his innocence, hut was fully committed. WEsT3iMSTER.-A fashionably dressed youth, about 19 years of age, ef gentlemanly appearance and address, who gave his name Wiliasa Collins, was charged with swindling. Mr. Graneberg, of the firm of Weeks and Co., of the Folham-road, Chelsea, said that defendant drove up to their establishment a few days a.o with a pair of grays in an open carriage, and, representing himself to be the Hon. W. Lee, son of Lady Frances Lee, 4, Richmond-terrace, WFhitehall, andorderedsomehandsomebouqtuets,whichho tookaway with hin. He also selected some cnina pots, anid directed them to her Ladyship's estate at Richmond, Surrey, -whicl, however, could not be found. At the thne the prisoner had the bouquets he pilled some silver from his pocket, and, counting it, asked witness to lend him 6d., whicb he immediately did. Witness subsequentlywent to Cremorne, hearing thab prisoner was there, and fonnd ho had endeavoured to borrow half a sovereign of one of the door-keepers. The value of the bouquets wvas l. 4s, Mlr. PAY.NR inquired whether witness had seen Lady Frances Lee? Witness replied, his clerk had seenthe lady, whohad been much annoyed by several persons applying to her under similar ciremnstances; one of them sought recompense for a horse that had been llea, Her Ladyship had only one son, Captain Lee, and knew nothing whatever sbout the prisoner. Mr. PAYinER inquired how hewastaken into custody? Witness replied that, having heard he had made an appointment to buy two horses that morning, he employed Sergeant boldng, of the V division, who was in -waiting for the accused, and took him into custody. George Smith Forbes, clerk to Messrs. Weeks and Co., said he had his misgivings after the bouquets had been parted with, but as prisoner's turn-out was a very handsome one, and lhe had a servant with a cockade, and, moreover, offered to drive him-+to Richmond-terrace, his suspicions were disarmed, Witness had heard that prisoner had been seen with a different carriage every day. I Thomas Bocking, 23 V., resident sergeant at Wendsworth station, proved apprehending the prisoner that morning at Wandsworlhin & carriage with alady, who was said to be most respectably conected. Prisoner, on his way to the station, told the offlcer that he was the son of a gentleman of indeaendent property, and was glad that tCe prosecutor had put a sptop career by taldng the steps that he had. The accused was remanded for a week. A tal determined-looking fellow, recognied as anold offender in the Bow-street district, who gave his name 'ohnBron,as charedwith the foliowingdaring robber k gas, .P.for Derby, stated that be was on bia way home to '19, Tovwer Belgrave-street, frpm the House of Cemmene,-at half-past 1 o'clock that morning, accompanied by Mr. Ealdock, 3LP?., when their attention rwas rrested near- Grosvenor-place by obserning some smoke issuing from. a house whith theydiscovered -tobs firs. !in rousngd inniates, w at iod c ktXF.a'g vBrand, and M31[r. iBa lveri.,who ode ip, iinmdb ia fetched the -escape, and ailady and too cminldreu wp rescued from. the e a i me aDter -he amd f t ahe - .- hour an enginecame, ind prceexntrr-atst anding watebraj4 th. progres. of- the firc, then prisofer, phopy o,aew right side, made a snatch at his gold watch aud broke Xl. from the gnar.& chain. Frsetor i_ _datl seied. him.. and Mlr. Yivisn threw his cloak ad a roundwhicnh thel also held him. The accued cried out that hse hL d don^ oething, anld a polioea comning 1W arched ,him, .blcodo n d in htneigwahch. -Mro c-tor iug atew-thfa ho, must hcae it somewierenabout him, mid the poio.inhau foundit in oithemoh, bpts in extniraiagit, theoffioer}e his hand bitten severely. -- Mr. PA nithoughttheracovery of the property, -udethe circumstan.cee, wsremakble. - * Mr. Bass replied that lhe congatulsated himnelf upeOl a piece of great good luc}. He ouoldn'tY complin,t the thief upon his wkill an tsinge the wadch, as itn dio, vey elamnsily; but he showredwroaderful dexter ty inpoutting it into hisniouth-unobseeved. In concluinglbias ir Mlr. Bass. expreseed his surprise that iu a nesghboursoci; where such large property was at stake 30 minuntes aboul& have elapsed before any engine, arrived, and a cosideradblee period betwreen that and the second, during whichl the.- flames were unchecked. 31r. PxTrssx thought -that perhaps, as fires wrere n-,s common in that neighbourhood ithough the watchfulness and care of the residents, engines might not bs an n ear thospot as n other parts of London.- er. Bass observed that there vas a vast amount of property ats takeif anykri"e did occur. IJames Breeny, 31B, sild, he was on dutyt a fire in'. Upper Eaton-street, when he was called to take the rei-. inner in charge. He denied'that he had got the wtche, bt intthe manner inwhich he articulated, witness. se ythe throat, and thrusting his other hand intoe |his mon:h laid hold of the watch. It was as far doe. prisoners throat as witness's finers could go, and in pulioieg it out itodropped on the gron d. The ccused, in reply to the chrtge, said ho had been. out of employment a long time. He would own he stole te. gentlemadns watch, but want drove him to do it. dr. PtocoRme asked whether andthing ws klnown of the. prisoner. Thse lioemanrephfedntha tTherhaswelle bnowu intbedtvi.- sion as "T 'he Tinker," and if the magistrate would remandhiml for a few days they would be enabled t,o give som,e. account of his antecedents. Theprisoner was thean oommitted foritirial, out ordered to e tgam brought u wp in a wedks time, in order that the. po lice ght anake theirmeport. Mr. Bass said, he w avery desirous of making the constable.a a present for his excellent conduct on the occasion. ar. Psentwrc observed that he might do so througm th authorities. The worthy magistrate then made a note upon the pOice. sheet commendatory of the offihers conduct mWOideraa-SoEs.-3eatrabeth wahitehead a careworn. but decent-looking widowr, was charged with attempting self-destruction. Mr. penry Wiliams, one of the medical officers of thc london hospital, stated, that as he conceived this case to be. one of a somewhat peculiar character, he had felt it his duty to come to sthe court and explain the melancholy carcumstan~ces which had induced the prisoner to commnit such a serious offence. The prisoner had been brought to theirhospital on the evening of Saturday se'nnig'nt by a police. constable, w ho stated that ho haLd ascertainedfrom the land. lady of the house in w aich the prisoner lodged that the unfortunate womau had been sO deterined to destroy her. self that she had swaldowed at a dose sinptnnyworti of laudanum. At the time she was brought to the hospital she was almos dead, hut by the instant appliertion of antidotes and other means they succeeded in saeng her, and she owan subsequently removed to the convalescent ward, wheere, in accordance w ith a system which had been very beneficially adopted by some genblemen in their institution, to closely inquire into the orsGi of such cases and give pecuniary or other relief to prevent theirrecurrence, the prisoner was questioned as to her attuatiog mobtive, and it was at lengtsh etiractepwfro her that since the death of her husband she had been obhged to obtain a 6ubsistence for herself and child at slop-work, as itis called, but that in consequence of her employer being a sort of middleman, or "sweater," the wages se eaened were barely sufficient to keep them from starvation. To help her irn getting her work out by the time it was waeted she had ino trested pact of the materials of the last quantity to aH woman who assisted her, hut who appropriated it to her owvn purposes, and, as she had no means of helping hecuelf, she became so terriSied at t^he ocsequencavecs of £he br'each of trust, ror which she wan responsible, that she resolved upon destroying herself ratiser than face them. He (har. gillams) therefore made minute inquiries intothe truth of the prisoner's statement, and net only founud it to be entirely correct, but that the woman herself bore a character for industry aind honest, andthat, in fact she was avery deserving woman. He I had fortunaely sacceeded in recovering th wor? of which she had been defrausded, and likewise in obtaining employment for her from a wholesale frmn, without tht pinching deductions so incessantly made by the intermediate agent. The prisoner, who was greatly agitated, espressed herselF very gratefully for the kindness she had received at the hospital, and her regret for attemptingsuch an act; and' Ir. l)'Eyszouls. therefore consented to her liberation, but told her that she ought to feel exsremely thankful to wor. williams for the benevolent e.ertions it was minifest he had made in her behalf. Tonter uliram edges, YlfredBartlett, John Short,. George Hllenasds, .lamrea licbobson, John Elliobtt Williasa Bnrnton, rauncis Stiles Johmn Parned, James Blaker, John Fletcher, and Charles Curtis, shipwrxghts, were chagd,. under the 4th of George rv.. cap. 34, with refusing to. enter into and commence a contract, made in writng, vnith the agent of Messrs. Young, Son, and Iagnay, lhipbeuildere, of liumehouse, whose workmen have been for some time on. strike. After a great deal of evidence had been given, ofr. SnrE said, he was sorry that the defendants had not offeredto enTerupontheir contrac and go to work. Hehad no alternative hut to sentence Nicrholson to three monthss imprisoonent andf hard labour in the House oE Correction. Nicholson.-I would rather go to work than go there. Mr. John Yonlg.-We accept his offer;- a substarntial compliance with the contracts not to go to work for an houror two, and then go awday, as Denton did. Mr. SLkasa.-Certainly not, If he does that he wial bee punished. h cholson was then set at liberty. The men were tor ei separately addressed by ilMr. Str r and some of them said ihey would do as others did, otherssaidttheyewould not go to prison, but would go to work. Twso hesitated. MIr. Charles Youmg.-Mow, hear me. I advise all of you,. to enter upon your contracts. sou can accept job work at fessrs. Young, Son, and Mgaeiufy's yard, and earn 's. an Ss. per day. All the defendan+s were eventually persuaded to go ta. work, and the wairrnts were discharged. Mr. SJere -I enm glad it has ended in this manner. MWr. George Frederick Younz.-And I hope ni ngry feeling will cease. IBETH.-Mr. Daniel WilliamEade, commisionagen0. of 4, Lorimore-terrace, Walworth, was further examined on two charges-the first with committing a murderousassault on the person of William Mowlan, and the secon& with savagel, assaulting MWrs. Julia Strickldand, a highly respectable married woman. The prisoner's attorney made a strong anpeal to the bench. on behall of his client, and said that t,he unfortunate oc. currence arose through ex;cessive drunkenness, and prisonerentertainig the e:;traordinary and most unjust idea thabe Mrs. Lock was a PersOn of improper character, and had bceen introduced to his house by MWrs. Stricklad. His ideags however, were perfectly unjust and unfounded, for he (thesolicitor) felt bound to say that persons of greater pro:>riebt of character or higher respectability than Mr.Stri,ikand and MSrs. lock; there did not exist. Mlr. 2Es.urr said that ho should send the ,orisoner form trial on beth charges, but should remand him to a future day, when the surgeon from the hospital and other im;wr-. tent; witnesses roust attend;- and from what had taken place since the last exaination he certainly should not take bail for him. the Lambeth police report which appeared iu Tluc Tinse of Iyesterday', tha t neither himself nor any of his sons reside ate cour'; and kew nothing of th occurrencs or the annoyance tomplained of by Mr. Gibbs.
SALES BY AUCTION. To L'nen and Woollen Draper.SilSk-Mercers,andLaceiucn. n,P1WALTER BURTONTwiU SELL by AUCTION athis}looms,3, Broadway, Ludgate-bill, on Thursday, July 10, ad 11 pnnctually,400 lots of LNEN mdWVOOLLENDRAPERY. silki, baws, lace, ritands, ac., prnsipally new goods, in good coadition. Onvie, dss ,orior. arnd catalogues had at the zooms. Unredeemed Plede,S Cigas, and MisceDllanons Propety E. E. THOR AS will SELL by AUCTION, at his - Graloery, 35, Leicester-squa-e, THIS EVENING, July 3, at 6, BOOKS, prints. rnintgs, carved and gilt frames. jewellery, wearin g . oparel. boosand shoes,=igncs, and mLscelan'eousproperty. On iew, and catalogues had at the rooms. Odice Furniture TLiIl BAIN will SELL by AUCTION onm tho ij PIremises, 7. Coleman-sttreet, city, on Monday, Jufy 7, at!. aI the OFFICE FURNITURE: comprising taoles, bokcases, iron safc Ac Slay be iewed the morning of sale, anid catalogues ha- oin the prsmiRs. Plate, W.Whces. JevveUeryj Clockss, &c. 1,f JO Pl Ste fril SlLl; at the City Auction 7R Booms. 39. IGracechurch-street, To-morrow (Friday), July 4, at 12 mcdern PIATE, in mugs. cups, cream ewers, poon,a. forks, &o., goldandud sver English and Geneva watches, costly jewellery, in dinmond rings, studs, and gold neck and guiard chains, Albert chains, clocks. c. May be viewed. Upper Berkeley-sreet west, Hyde-park-squam hR. f TRTGENT begs to announce that he will SELL IJJ[ by AUCTION, upon the Premises, 10, Upper Berk0ey*street west, Hyde park-squrs -Tif S DAY, July 3, at 12 for I precsely, the genuine FURlNITURE of a 10-roomed house, the property of a gentleman relinqoishing housekeeping. May be, viewed, and cateagueS lma(t on the premises, and of the anctioLeer. at his offie3s, 20, Upper Irkeley-sreet vwest l4,do-park-sguare. The House to be let. The Sto-I Orf a Timber Merchant and B.ilder. MI.-. LIREIt EWMSELL by AUOTION, onthe pre- ,be seiigns, 42. Urion-street, Someis-town. or. Sondnp July 7, at 12, pe xcellenlt STOCaK, comprising about 2.000 p asks, aeals, andhattens120quares of floorinz. 000 feet of. quar ering. 10,000 feet tide WI-c board. dry cot stuff, SJ ooms eight loads of oak and ash planlk, - tO Oak spokes, 415 ash felloes. four benches, 10 scaffold poles 74 boards, eight dozen cor 42 Dutlogs, 10 ladders, barrows, and other ers stac. To bh viewed en heh Saturdy prior to the sale, when- w logues smay be bad on the premies ; and of the auctioneer, Car- dlrgton-street, HPamnptead-rol. : A substantially-built Leazehold Property, in St. Paucras. producing a rental of ta per annum. fIESSRS. GADSDEN, WINTERFLOOD, and .LA ELLIS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTIO1N, at the Mart, on Friday. July 25, at 12, SEVEN brick-built HOUSES and PREI:SES, including a Ecpital corner shop, known as Nor. 15, 16, and 17, Goidingnn-otreet, and 7, 8, 9. sad 10. Cenies-place.St.Pancras producing a gros rental of per nnum; held fod terms of about So -years unexpired, at low around rents, May be Yewed. Particulars mssay be bad o,f 3. I. Dods. Jeqi., rolieitor, l iSt. Mlarttn'g-lane, Trafalgarequsre' of DIessrs Etck s 3nd Walker, solicitors. 2P, Lia(eo's'tiin-sietAs; at the hTart; and at Messrs. Gadmdcn, Winterfisod, - and Ellis's o*fices, 18, Old Broad-street, city. - Houehold rurnitur-, Gls, China, 01PFaintingsCarpetes&e,,removed for abloluti Sale. AIESSRS. DAWSON and KNIGHT are instructed InYJl to SELL, at Robinson's Auction Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street on Tuesday. July S, at 12 otlock, the genuine and well-made 1R - IIREE; consisting of Japasned Freush =nd four-post bedsteads, mahogarny Arabisn bedsteand chests ofdrcwersmarble-topwaibstands% beds, o.c damask curtains, 3ilt cornices, Turkey andBirursels carpets, - rosewlsA loo table, handsome chairs antique framed sofa, two soLid --beaes Ctandeiers, mahogany dining table, sideboard, chimney -and pier lss,eight-light cut-glass chandteler, gilt pier table, with marble slab, marle oblong basn, carved Caen stone, jet d'eau, dinner and' other rervices in china, a genmine Forsyth rifle, No. E2. in mahogany ers, cempiete medicine chest, plated lea and ceffee EerviCes, elegant dcor::s, neer and ether omeamensIs, come very Ddne oil painting, in gilt frames, b,y the old m3aters, the usua kitchen appendages, iron c,arden roller. andavastetyof useiful effects, Ci,taloguesof the antc~tionceni, 47, Mo0rtimner-stret and CheLmnsford, Essex, and at t"he placo The rare anid genuino Collection of "Morlands,' upwards of 40 in number. which, from their excellent preservation, truthfulness to nature, and prityo f desIgn, may frirly be deemed almostunrivaeIed in Europe; the property of tho late Jes5e Curling, Erq., of Per- - ''-.Dde,,S, '- R. QbUALLiETT has bcen honoured with. h instructions from tbe executo of the laie Jerse Curling, 13sq., of Bernionfdtry, to SIL by AUCTION. at the Rooms, 21, OldRabd - etrcet,un Fdrday.Jnlv IH. ast Ilthis well-tnown and exceedingly valuable-COLLECTION of PICIrTIE, by that celebrato3 ald trulyEnelish ar-ist. Gee Mor.and, e-ecuted at a period when his best efforts so jl tly obtained for him a world-wide fame; among which wiu 'oefound smccimens of evcry variety of subject, troated in his own peeullarly charcteristic and masterly manner, including the Horse * :hr, the Tha-ch, the HIrd Bargain. thue GipEes, Ionocenco . are L, Piseaent Shooetln, the ltelsfc Gatberers, the Iand Storm, rad ot?ers c-s,uall merit,orious, 3?r1 knowrn to the puilbie fr-om the Poposl, Se Coat by ooolsh aseries of buntinig Eriblecto, Ye- aengravings. Slay be viewved o Tle?itay, the Eth, tick3ets only,.and publicly on the two following days, and catalogues ob7tated at the roomsg and atAthe ofllcess of hL. Qr.nl?ett, anctioneer, 10, ;es,v Bosd-s.'reet, op,osite t}ae CElarvaden. The va'uable Servelse hi Pald of -he late H. ciSIy,E. fSSIiS. CHRISTIE- an' MSAQN80- -rtettafly aiiv ctice that they wil SEL.L by ? 'r1OiN, at ther %trii 3~ gsybsndsoare)a ~ andsideboard dilses,breaa antI cake baskets, epcignes, ~ilO epoons. mite, mugt, milk ewerd. knives forks, and spcGr.:5 andltea nod coffeeb:= sviea *"o some gold and silver coins, am" a few trinkets. i4F e y ee two days precoding. and catrogaie had. ThoGe-~o~of Pctars and Drawings of HenryBelwsad Rat E~q. -'R~Issrs. CHRISTIeand. MANoN, on Saturday, July 5 Ib ~~ OMPRISING ~the Holy Fiamily byCorego beautlfm'lspecimen;the Eraminatiou - 'oy aurdg. n gravedpIctue; th Popeand the Reformers, azn interesting and Baum Monaber~~~~On Hsua Elmer A. del Sat Van der Velde Rembrazilt Galnabarouzlh Tintsoretto V. der Heyden Jansens Morland G. Cralger Ruysdael Hondikoeter Smieke.- The beautiful Service of Plate of Rear-Admciral the Right Hon, Lort AdolDhus Fitzelarenge deceased, M ESSRS. CHRISTIE and MA-NSON- respectfully __give notice that they wil1 SELL by A'UCMK t-hir M RoOM,' 8, in" -street. St. James's. onWedneseday, July 2, at I precnely the batiful HOMVIE of PLATE, modern Book,, and Engrvings, the property of the late Rear-A&dmiral the Right Hen. Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, G.C.H., removed from his L~ordship's late residenoe, Ambsasadoe's-court, St. James's Palwac. The 1.date, which Is manufacturd b Men's Hut ad Rakel. n te brttaste, comprisesaona plae dnnr srvie.incudig nire, aseroe,andother dishes. soup Orand ntable pts Oblet salveFr,entiturely chasdcae us prus MEenSpteRS. .poo ISTIad Ek candALesiksMO-Nd rsope cfitll warsvalotii thesalltlbray ofU SE odernUCbOks, andtolecion ofenRavin 1g-s,otraits ot; Roales and noTepesnages framedO and gflared day,a be prewiedlwodys threceholg, andEcatAlGuEs ha D.CR Ornment_,sall Objects a inehoslld fuutrnindeere- of the lt erAni o RightRe Hon. Lordth RdightIosL Lordlrae Adop.0.it26, eou MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MIANSON respectftily i give notice, that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at theirngreat. Juteem, aing'twoeet,owtn Jatss,onThsda v uy 10.tand flloand dayant I rCOsely the chie SEBLG o EORTV lmO 0C salcelro wiA,bUsad furnturBan effct of th lTeORearALDOCMiralThe Rightdb thn. lard AdlHer Betcardenae, cour, SntaiagmanyrPaae.Te deacyfratiadbectscompriseandlarare ,inn of c%entre-piec indtwrst damargth sericfeset ofcsm beauiu Dednpoteellthe folegent o'moluiech RoalSnds caondHelara,Btohemia Caommvwales, gol trenet and oerneamets miniatures, sworevds and caes o. ofthe winos Chamagne vitageISILThesecod daVs alenil comprise3 the handomehoushalfumiure innan glas, butdattsroedelcusine Ese,. deceased.n'. oya ginonotie tat tey ill ELLbyA lTlO , onmWednesday July Miche, . suf twoosthwen days.eat t reisely;h eyexesrn te 6teRICaLdOCtateFs.e oforEngad b h laten nydiwr of geaeeintret;amongthrbe dhiffrn lse ayb oie h Frenh RyalSeres.Toisseres,beleve tobe oiewof the moyst ev Tme rof thrbe Raousi aml fuderom tha 'mtpeid lotb an exe- sive lecSn fth utgapao thESF EL mammo theN differn roya Houses f Euroe. an nteroeing seiscoftiPapal Balls catommeningbs nchdlg amog th EngIsh. Wnahe, Breaisen, andrCampeei, nertePeter Marbtyr. Bens Calvnesay Juther t ien then Borer. onprer. Hevelus,eibitr,Metatasit an Re ains:npaintr and artistal Gry.Poe,Scott, EVd-Shentoe;oete wit thORe auoraps of th rlts n tatesmo.en of Enlnundeoerf rane. ChnlorSEL any JuODge,EcesiTATicosiashalso tand Genrac-uls, andother em1inen pasos hicudn Siry IsBrewton, GibnandTer,teltelr Robertson Smolleti,Johuon.ttaems, Swift,hCpt brw-ouse whihnsn Husood, and buehsands alpon aFeacvengryuimportant andctionterestinge manncoit. amon whch ae te oiginl husehldaood by whenry aI aendo ready shady.~ ~ ~~~~~~~~oi eae o Pimnlie-Msrle Chssnoircitorh. 2 NwBs MESSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE 'ill SELL by gice AUTIy ;a the liotaeshowde Rgoom, egr oave,tharfL Pimc, onCTIONd, Jul th7,t nWdnsa.u79 at I EETO fMRL CHa ey eirabeY ei-'EtchSneeryILA v beiety ofostyle La-lsoinalbseroand sotone; Caen stl onetaindalabaster uppernoors sixlarge bo d Mhaybemviwedtwh daysr previous; and serataloes hadet on the premisesoor andofthe aiucineers,m 240.ee Palon,ame antdsoemt destminsteroomand Coat-euchange. c hU Thr ilo, marbleg raoomnopBuideiso Sculpgorse, aind othe rs. ug doMEcotcs ntebzmn SSS.EanPIL axtndiv pORE3m grave orea - cetvc latd instrcionsth ferom vrs.h Faerfotm toe S-ELL byaUCtIOe, at his Warfua Thamens-boank, teimtcof onlytuesoy Jul18,4 at 1 procni,e t a -choice Esq.CtO (wofsMABe,n recpientl impre:consst s antyeng. MLay be viewed one weekmiceston and cartalogue bad on l the premte; and-of the auctioneers, 40, Parfliament-street, West-is,.r iitetand Coal Exchange. Leambetho-ldE tat Skiffs. Whrres GisC adotemBas VESS HAESLAIEL and BOCRNE are irusL is d ytesPrpritortoSELL by AUCTION.ntePeie , Foesre,nar the church, LasWebeth. onJ Wedc0ay July TW, axet3 binctheuateno precisLy, HOUtE a0nBOS, consising Xof a.ewanda2n gigtl ansvralt oaectErS,Stw eigehtoard ditouz, salPeto cii r 2 prsns h alothesottme r At.AM aynb viewdon Awee prevos and satauteshd toSL,at the ofand of thedainesday, Juy40, Par12beint-ao 9umn-treet,oCaExhne Naew-ThAenproprieto ceoniuleasehi businses of mast and oart omaker aservisnum Actn-ree.-eaehad stae f ottgeProery,witisal Brewery. he.~~~~~~~~w3 LeSR.asehVdHRsFeLad andp BsigoRnE.r n evtaurteOdbyth Morteagofet, nudsers power Dw of sale, o EL tb tUheMaat, the lFrilo ededay, JulyA't1ptaly 9 l, LAsmaOLl LEAS £26 'yea. ad th Acrn Bewer nTaven,Cheslater-emgtre ly nd5 ct onvertdnt-woodcottagen-s, tadntheabrew-house,idhnchet subthantaly buit, tans uon uffciet gossedsornh rcio ftre aect taES,SiRitwa thOCghKdsirbl toaoner dit,and bytwiharental of £OayearmiehtbthodtyiofdJuy,tthe sttedrwith apectnt oftaboutdthree qubbiN.2.arters, whichhwoul beJincludedoin the pucas. Held pon esefor oftewngole lmcapityd,t £2m5a ayear gftes=round rnt ug beouiwe.I_ sandsprtinalara hardeof Suy. EdwadbJenningkw oliitr an,dNew ama- the art andof he actineer, 4. Palia ent ofteet, Westminter; and Coal 'Exchangewe.byleye f be Genudosnerand nsutlynewausehold Vriareie mnce,wiherly prda- Pianofortes, &sssIon R. WSSRW.EVERSKINGLi fandoBOredNEt ansren. srTruc-te on tho Pfrtgaiees, un-1dswerrapoer ofuxsale,bto SELLrbydAUCTIOND, atl th fardnt, oni Wensadvy,tJuly , at 1., ah very duesioral hL-i, ontanewFRIUE ossing anteupeofos ag bdrcambegrso wuith drss tog room and soervanit'sildmak elet ntegrond cuer,tain lofmty di,Spngo, 24 fet lng, hansomedrawng rom ad saciounentrPancres hall domsti ofice intir baemet; n etes imeplesroee gontspediaa tamndat n anual xpese t eactenatbronlyau totbeninsom at the ost an ofthe uctanem, 0, Prlimen-stee Westmin-ther,ay ITt tofrm thepublicthat th LEASEO nd at the. ofic.o 34,l0,axrdi,mthe Oxfrd-road, ad 2,05. 2. 2. 2,adO.i h First-clams modern Furniture, in beautiful priervation, Piccolo Pita5 o- forte by AIlLion and Allison, a few dorens Of extraordinarily fine. Wins, Plate, Paintiungs Engravings, and valuable Mliscella~nies, remoevedL from a gentlem'an's residence; also the splenfdid or-menall Chandeliers atnd other Fittings, from a west-end clob-hons. - 1%IESSIIS. OXE NH AM lfWILl SELL by AUCTION, it at their Rooms, 153. Oxford-street, near the Pvautbhon To-. mnorrow. at 11 for 12 mast punctoally, the first-class mo,ernFUlRi-- TURER; lnrluxdin a very complete walnut-tree drawing room suite, of the most elegant c'laacater, covered in satin damaslk, wilth curtans for. three windows en mnite, chimney and pier glanes in Oak and godand' gilt frames consoles, tables of every description, a piccolo pianoforte by Allison ana Allion, saveral others by eminet malcrs, dining roost and library mites ; the bed chamber furaiture consists of Arabian and. ether bedsteads and banelIes with bedding complete. wardrobes.1tla looing-lanpanels, omarble-Frnto re and other w osbtald Medremsovabed wrine splgenddlrman's rebadndellmucndelabracuio, any other ofiteti Slieriff. i,R. GEO. LiEWIS begs to make knowvn tba;t he wvillf it SBLL by AUCTIION, at 69. Queen-street, Cannon-street, To-. morrow, July 4, atl12, 260 lots of modern FURNIT UR_E, nearly nero; compnismng superb drawing room suites in rosewoo_d and mahoganjy,coeremd in satin damask- commodes with plate-glass, two brilliant-- toned pianofortes, noble ebiumey and dressing g1arco', rich velvet-pile Brussels and otb er carpets, handsome rugs, Ion, card, occasional, and other tablts, valus6leo proof prints, few frlet-clas pAintings, dininig room, library, and parIeur forestuer of every diecitin,i Si3ani mahoany,two ets f -slluag tbles hadsom caedrleor writng-tble,togtherwiththe ed oom ppenalsoin c'iaede,s bedig,wadelss,chat o dawes mrbe-opwuehtaus=tiet-, Dlie2htfully situaste and elega&nt modei m Mnateen, Oai he beautiful blink of the Tbinesope.ite. Ke N dzsaI A,btenIlc weojth and 3laraimnd-'±ses - E- D.k,btee se .AjESSRS. DANIEIa~SIsTIEX a.ncSON? will submit t ublall S.ALE, al -he MaTh, no the Banke of.Rgland. To-=morrow,, the 4th cof &tl~ t o'clock. (ublces pevloua disposed of by Prsvateirmql,tb vayelaatandcaptaLYAS1IOR .late the residence et tlut Dowager Lady OCoropei, deceased7distinopishEa deh~~aibate etrete te wblecosseof theriverbeen beneo.Lutad eevte, btlereclysolued poKed, -with lan pn'with a moutbreast a~ett h se' ede.uiout the lesat isutessening cb)ct orobtuto,adom mandrILg fine view of Richmond tandVew-grens. I aapoce frmM thelewortia and Ttiickeuham rod -yan etac og n har,dirtme gateway. it ceazttlns.eetey, acconamodationa,dapedg for a large fanuly, admirably planned and highl dcosd wta Complete mtite of dornesic oKcts, capithal utiblinZ, ice-hos,L. n moot producti7e 'walled g,idens, wit hot-houe, adnshue &e. falso: abont is acres of valuable cardenrun,wihmyfra hadit the cbiefThtel atutley mDurt and oa Mesurt st. e ih. andhe Marsion and-Manor of Pulley and Knasaton Corn Rtents, Water Corn Mill Fanos, Cottages ansi Woodland, all requiaite Agricultural -Buildig, and Cattages, containing altogether abont 627 acres ; andl the yearlyCOo Rnents n lio of tegat tithesi arisingocut of the Hall Conrt, Estate and ther ands inhtwsiofKnso, IJESSRS. DANIEL SMI1THtasidt Xwil offer A1Lfor SALERby AUOT IDN,atthe MarL.To-morrow,ruly 4.at 2,the above Important and h1gb%1vTSlnablelrROPERTIE, coDnsstin gof the Manor or reputed Manor of.Fatley; the capital mansoio-house, called Futley Court, with its walled gardens, pleawur grounads, Idantatlon. stbling, and land in hand, and the ancient water corm mill. an Iseveral farms, in the portolbes of Potley, Jk1liperton, and Woole hope comprising about 316 acres-all frehld, zeth. the excention o: 47 acresocopyhold, bold of the Matnor of Woolhope: the line. od family' residence, called 33all CoDurt, with widledgarden, orchards, oottagee.andabout3lllecorea of arable.meadow, and pasture land,in-a rln6 flence,inthe pari.shof Mluch Martle. Also the jeorly Comn ents, in lendof the ret tithes,araidngout of theHa3llCourtEstateandlands, In the township of KiW tein, in the parish of Munch Mfarole, amounathigtoaboce.£14per annuic-.- The land is of enperior quality con. elatng of rich dairy,, paslaro, and asable, land, The oreaA wre thriving I the esotate.z san t a convenient distance from the citi es of Hereforsiand Glocester ansi the towsofLedbury. Thescernery is beautifI,saad the nsigbbom:hud is huinted. -by two packs of fox-boundis. The Intended line of the Woroewter and Hereford- Railway will ThIoeradtnans. Esaery vluabWletgain and daist nearm adeointrsing theuins ChartEth astle, uporn.tbe bmckof ted Rivorparmcear,Inthe H.l ppownleautfu su srvecor Herwefod Batosre.Sinleond and Pt-ow toMoins.Rnie SmtDANIEd M .. onln gnsnWtroo -place -Pl., Th frdalt o ublFaSTs, In Wats and Smrse, near the ianterestingln To-morrow, the 4th of Jute, at 12 o'clok lunleEm previously disposid of byprnvat-o treaty). entirei or in two lots, the above desirble FREEE_ HOL RESIDhENTIAL ISTATE, nearly exonerated of land tax, and partly tAthe-free ; comprising a substantial mansion on a moderate scale, with a verny valuable mnandral farm and suitable bomesrtead, a Cullin,g mill, with a, considerble power of waiter, the property being hounded or intersected for one mileby theriver. The house is plated InasEheltered spot overlooking theriv-er, and ILts de range oCtibh .mendows studdedwith tis!o'er, at the base o a beautifl iiiy range of woodd paturs, prfet oucreetnmg it -from the nucTth ana east. It baseildrece voiedlesure andflower gardens. with terrace and ether wats cneat7,ndgood stabling, and all the usual out. offices toaoert orty eztabllobmnenr. wnold kitcbeua gardens, be., and iiaprahdb'a beautiul carriage drive thr-ough ita own plantation fruetrpleroad which isils boundadry on the eastezn aide. Tlhe estateoomnrosubulidacres of superior meadow,pasturs, orchard, and arable lad lthying compact in the unitedl parishes of Westwood, Farleigh FrsfodLnd EBunton, only about eight mile,' from Bath, and four frmTeTowndesai,adnlabuthe honrs! ourney frmLm dn nteFreg iei amhue with garden. yard, and farmhidng,adcotgsforlaors.aticalarsand plaos lay be bdath sleHelandchelirie In Bath; at the Ralliway Hcotel, Bristol : at the Inns at B3radford and Trowbridge; of A. Meek, REsq., solicitor Devizes; at the A-uction Mrart ; apd of Hems. Dan!el Smith and i-on, land agents, Wateirloo. PI"e Pull-mall, london, of Whom in the interim eveeryiniforazationmay oe Obtained, Advowoon, treautifaUly situate Wn Sants, il; instruicteddto SELL onM dy M July 11, at thMart (unaless precriously moldbv Private Contrct),the DVOWON of the RECTORY~ of GIATELY, beatifllysitateabotfive miles from Andover, within mnoderate distnceof inchste, Slisbury, and Stockbridga, and closw to a railway station. The staion is Meet healthy and offer excellent society. The chinchinsin, amirble repaIr,andthere is agood school. Population about 1I0, whoty agelculturaL. There in a comimuted rent. chr f; & and abt 42 acres0Zd3xoeilent globe. For further particular apply to Mr. Amurna srayor, 8, Johna-etreet, AdelphpL York-gate, Regent7s-par4c- Very deerrabie L.easehold Resi dencIe, lt on Lease Ip.ANCONA is instr-ucted by the Execuators, of th aeJ idr iq.t SET at ted,Mart, on 1ia,3lh lt.It contains well progortioned di om,dnigros n librry, wo oorsof bd roms,andastale domestic offices. Thehouse is won built, of har.dsome elevation, and well adapted for a geatleman's fanily. It is let on lease toTjT Betts. e,atX130 a year, and is held for an unexpired termo of aboout 65 yearw-ata ground rent of ;40per annum. Msaybevie-aedwith cards by permsso of the tennt and further Particulars cistaned ot Meanrs. Tucker Greriile, %nd Turker, solicitors-,St. Szcithin?s-laue; or at the ofcs= ofmr. Anoona, 5,.John-street, Adelphi. York-gate, Regenat's-parkc.- Very desirable Lkebseold Residenace,with M lt ANWCONA is 'nstri cted"byth e Executors of the iL late J. r'inder F_o.. to SELL, at the Mart, on Friday, U1th Jhuly, the LEASEHOLD RESYDENCE, No. 10, York-gate, Rezent'a-~ park, a ves desirable famaily residence, andfor which immediate peesessien may be arranged, It contains well-propotoe rwn rooms, dining rooms, and li brary, two dloors of bed chmbers and usmtable domestic offices The hours in replete with every convenience for afailyaan ofco m.anduab levtn Bafdndgtl,I iand hl. oran ilj[R. ANCONA is instructed to offer for SA-LEb £&AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, the Ilth of July, at (unles previously sold by:private cotntract,) a T-eyTvaIluable COPYl. SOLD, ESTATE partof zrhlchia knownas Eagley's nurseygrounds, held uinder the manor of Fuilh r, subject to troding dunes certain, that make it equal to freehold usud lavTing a frontage of nearly 400 feet to the high road from Nort-end, FolhaTa, to S1-ammrasuith Church, a Irst-rate loeality for a holding speculation, The laud- extends to shout 16 acrc-s, and in let on leases at rentals amounting to about £84 a ycar, at the expiration of irhich Its value for boUiuin oprtion o hardly be over-estimated). Tue property may be viewedgy erisio of the tenants, and further par-ticulars and conditions of sale obtai 2ed ou application to Yeass. 'ucker Greville, and Tucker, solicitors St, SwithinbF-hsue; at the Ma-It; and at Mr. Amoncons offices, 3, John. street, Ade-lphi- Leasehods.-Iondon-road, near the Elephant and Caste.. [MRp. ANC0ONA i,i instrutcted by the 11,octgafel under, Power of sale, to OFFER by AUCOTION, attchre on Rriday, July IL.atI praesse funleospreviously sold by private conltarat), a vaualeLASEHiOL ESTATE, situate near the Enephbent an atile (a dirst-rate busines locality), and being N II. 56, 1 7, 58, e9, and 60, London-road, also some stables and four small housesein the rear of-these premises ; the whole well let, to responsible tenants at a ~~~~~~~~rental o 14l e nu hc evs a pwelduciure Lrot renta of beut£158lOs. :res. TA pro ert m oayabeuvewed by per Yr-te, Reger,'s-park.-Fexiere ndEfecs uI.ARO ~NA LI, instrucited b'y atnhe Etxecutors of MYJthe late 3. Finder, Rot.,to SELL byAUCT.ION,hui'thel'remiaes, iol,York-jate. Regent!&-parL-.ora Monday, July 14, the genuIne HOUSE. HOLD' I URNrTURE and EFFECTS, china, glass, bools, and abput 1.000 ounces of plate, fcc. Further particulars will appear, in future advertisements, and estalc gues had. of Meossrs.- Tuck-er. Greville and Tucker, solicitors St. Sisithiefe-lane'; or at the office of M1r. Ancous, &John-street, Adelphi. .I Leasehold Residence, Tunabridge-platco, New-road, 1iIESSRS. KEMP -ill SELL -by AUCTION, at the IL Mart, on Thursdal. Jul 17. at 12. by direction of the Admini. otratrif, a genteel RESID NCE cotntainaing10 rooms, cheerfully situ. ate, 20, Tonb-ridzre-place,Rueton-aquare; let toahlgblyrespectable:_te. nant. at the low rent of s44a per aunmn umnexpie termn flycs ground rent2DOguineas. Particularat the M&ar~; of Means. Cook nd lilvens. solicitors, Gray's-inni-square ;andof the auctioneeM,37, Judd. street, Brunswick-square. L,easeholds on the Skinners' Estate.-New-road and Judd-street. XESSRS. KEMP' wil SELL by AUCTION, -att ,Ltkthe Mart, on -Thursday. July 17, at 12, in twro lots. a ge'nteel RESIDENCE, situate 'No. 25, Toubridge-plaoe. New-road, let Sit £12 lIe per annum, umexitred term 50 years, ground rent 20 guineas ; a House, with modem fronted shop, being No. 2, Judd-street, B5runtwick-aquae. unexpired teun 10 jeas, ground rent 20 guineas, with p,ossession, .and presenting snelig he opportumity for aty personseekto omdous houseKand business preminesfyor oseiinatlon,- Partiuassvnday pror to the osle at the Mart; of T. W. Nebson EE q,,-soitor, 4, oa-lne, Cannon-street ; and of the auctioneers,3134 JuTd-d-str&eet. Bihston,.-Zrehold Reoilmuce, in the best part of Regmeny-square, let nhas and presec;ing an opportunity for a darst-class Iuvestmnent. M ESSRS. KEMlP have been faa-out-d t~ith instruc- -tions to SELL by AUCOTION, at the Mlart. London on Thuir:1 day. July-17, at 12, a valuable FREEHOLJD ES'TATE, comprising a superior and com-modfious residence, situate on the north side of Regency-square, Brighiton, niumbered 36. commsanding an uninterrupted view of the ses, and conitsmnung ever accommodation for a family of the highest respectability ; -let onx lease, at a reirtal of £160 per annum. Par'ticulars, 10 days prir to the sale, at-the Old Ship, Brighton; the Warl , Itendon : of Messrs. Gregory, Gregory, Skifrow and Ro-veliffe, solicitors, 1, B3edford-row; and of Messrs. Kenmp, i7, Judd:street, Vureserve-d Sale.-To Shipbuilders, Railway Contractors, Timuber- dealers, BedItteadmakers, ane, others. MIR. -PRE ECE will SELL by AUCTION, withoutt -AVI thselecet reserve, attheWhite HfartIon Nezejisury, on-Teiusday July ,~ a larg qutantity (if dry ASH TIMHtRR- Ash:, Pla,nk; -.asi Ear einge; about 100 loads of seasoned Beech Plank. &c., lyiu-' at the nbarvss o Great B-dwin, Newbury. and Henley. Also at Biagleywood Orerd on hurdayJuly 10, several Sticks of fine Oak Timber 01 fr sipbildng,lare iautity~ of well-seasonied Oak Planks, do,- laig cosetotheroa sie.Ctalogues may be bad by past, ou applicatin totho uctineer Mudernhead, Beets. i5%eleyi Essex, within six miles of the Bishop Stortford, and fairr miles of the Elsenhama Stations on the Eastern Counties rtliuvay.- Valua'ble Estate, in a enap] tel snorting district.-A. very nieat S1portiog Rex or Residence with (Outtagizauad 170 acres of Amble and Pastirne lard. M ESSIRS. 33EAIDEL and SONS have received inztructlons to SELL lay AUCTION at *he Mlart, on Tuesday, july 0, at 12 o'clock. a. desirable PROP UtTY, knuw,a hiortvs incluing compctIad uentlemanh residence, well adapted for sporingmanwit tatefllyarranged itwe garden.0oonser,atory and reductive i(tchen garden, ay capital`coverehiomestal containing two Ealms, and the ucecesssry, stable andt matle aeImodation. two cottages, five tenements, andlila. Sr. ln. of excellent arableandtastuue land, in a highoctate of 0noltivation, situate nemar Clue village of Takeley, weithu four miles of toe osarket towns of Bishop) Stortford and DEonmow, and within easy accreii of the meets of three packsa of foxhounds, £4,100D of the purchases nonu.p can remain upon mnortgaze fora term at 4 per cenit. per annum. P'auticulara, with lithsgrPhic plamn and coud-. tions of sale, may be obtninsuid of Slesor. Clutton and Ade, -tO, Borough High-street ; at the Auctoon Mlart ; and 0f areans. Beadel. and Sons. 25, Gresbams-stshet. City of Hereford.-Volable Freehold ant Copyh;Ild Property. Rf J. H. SUNDEbLA'D NI ll SE'LL by AUCL1VTION, at the City Aims otelt. iferefor3, nn Monday, July 7, at 4 in the afternoon, sabject tD conditions of sawe to be then and thero rdced. *he undezm'ntUoned v-ry, desirable FREEHOLD aLd tOPYHOII)' PROPEP.TEfS:-Iot 1. AU that Freehold Messua4e or Manision-house, situate in tie centre of Alst -nO-hill, in the liberties of the city of Heeferd, and within five minutes' walk of the Hereford Ross. and ilocester aud Shreusabury and Hereford RaUosay stations, and now in the occuration of M-. John Gwillia ; coultainiog. on tthe groundlloor.aspaclousentronco-hall,hbre3krastan1dinig rooms. study, butler's pantry, kitchen backkitchen, pantry.and water-o-cts0: aha udsomestaiurealeadstotheiirst loor, upon which are neursery, large drarwingrcom threebedrooms, and achina c'oset; acd on theseronaoeraro three bArooms ad twoD ere rooms. Detiached fiom tho housea is a spadous w-ash-house with laundry orer, a coach-house, barnes3 roamd with servants' bed room ovur, a two staUed stable, irith bay-loft, ined other convenient baUdings- Fronting the housen s a -ery_sp3cions dowvergarden and shr'c.bbey, well stooeed with ornamental trees: and inshesearof tho houseore twolar-ekltchengarlensvwalledin,. wcl stocked-with the cohoest van andother-ferit trees. and cont-inin-also a greenhouse, melon pits, 'to. Posse*ion-mav bo had at i'Vchoelnmps. let 2. All that piece or panel of rich reeadowrlapd, called Great FllyD Maeadow5 containing by admeesurement3a. Mc: . D. or Wees . Ilth substantial stone-baUt stable, in the oecUpation or or. W- iSh bounded on tbenorth by the road leading fro'nTopelef toAilstor,-hill, sad on all other sides thereof by lands in the ec-rpation of Mr. IAeso James and others. The alTOse lot n copyhold of inheritance of the manors of Barton and TuDsley aud Gorwal and OIverlmry, Lot 3. All that piece or pareel of rlch Meadow ImLd, callel Wainyc Iole, containing by admesusrement. 2. r &. 24j l(uioroor less), with eoxcllent stone-built shed, in tlsoocospation oft Dlt. ThornasNeenan, bonded on the north by the road lesding tt Walnqs Meadoweast on all other sides by lands of C. Beisser. Nmi. Dodlsirg, enud _t DaviCs, Ripes Thia lot is eopyhold of inhsritanse of the nmuwor of Barton and Tirshey. }Porflm berpirttisnlars and to 6ieirthe differentiat' app Atttbe ott,ces of MIr. Gwilll s ol cirlor. St. Owa'a-stnet, HerIer; orMesE Smith and Son, solicitors, 10, Sonthaeippon-rtLeet, Bloomsbry-square, Lond,n - - R. -VAIL:RS . OR E fSALA at the Msrt~ 1. Two Annuities, amounting to -a Md paer annutio, recolvab'a during the life of a gentleman d 48 yv&rz. Secured upon freehold and lesasehold estates Producing 13013e alssum. 2. The Reverson to a es-fouMprth&tor carof £,348Ifs. 7 per cent. Bank AnnutItis anid a Policy otAkurauce.. &3 A CoDntingent Reyersion to sahae in thefollowi TIT-~:vs. £12,M23s. 10d. ereenot. Comb; 10 hares In the auoe Cay~ a ind Two Shares la the ClreltenhAm Aommbly Roomw. Awa yroAwurLnee 4. A similar ShAre and rolicy of Asmsuamae 8, The Absolute RseTe,ioes toa. Share in a Fieehold MeAate Ai zrant-. 6x, The.rAbVsoludte'RSevyefrslior,n'to a lihare Ia Ireehlcd and Copyboal Property situate at Fkastleygholt, in the eountyei Suffolk of thaesati at&Q Tabue of £2,00 per annum, zrid ihe Reversion to a ~hsx in thg 7, The Life Interest of a Aady, itsed 32 leuss, in valuable Leaeol.d ProprI7,in Sence-streCf erkaawelL. S. Tw ude hrs of £00 earls In the International Ilie AseurancesSociety,in four lots. - 9. The.Moietyln avaluable ResIdence,No. 5,Old Sterne, Brighton. lit The Reverosio to a Fourth Part orShuLre of £1,496 l3s. 3d, Three per Cents. 11. The Continen Rteversion tc a Shbso of £2461 7r. 9d.- 1.M Theo }reyerion to a similar Ehare. 13. A. Folcy of Amiurance fox- £2,00, in the Amlicable- Soceiet, 14. A Policy of As-uranre for £599Ifs, in the Lordon3Indisputab~le Life Policy Company. 19. A Policy for theSumnof£6D,jn the London Indisputable Life olicy Cornmny 16. The ALbsol.ute R~leversiont,ori Shar of the Sum of£LM.S. 17. ThIrty Shares, of £10 each,. in the law Reversionary Interet Society, in dyve lots. 1. roor Hundred Shares, of£ Zic ab. in the Plaive GIsass Uivesal 19. AP.ebl~tt o 0 acs of land,with cott age axid out-build. 2.Four Honses, in York-grove north, Peckhsm. 21. Two Hous-es, in Watrren-street, Pentonville. 22, A. Leasehold Eltate, distinguished as the Grange, Clapham. Surrey. - Particulars may he obtained at thae Mart, andi at Mr. 3Iarsbla offices, 2., Cbarlotte-row. Mansion-house. To Builers Marble and Stone Masonst, and others, .1IVPR MARSHE has received instructions from the .YtProprietors. (in consequenco of their- havinge digposed of thbpreasises) to SELLbyA TI~,on-the premises,N I..6Wharf Msoclesfield-street south,. City-road. To-morzrow. July 4, at 12 the siJrPLTS STOCKC. consisting of black, Wmin Sicifinn and French warble in isiecks and slabs, blocks of . Caesn. Portlana, and Bath stone, York- uvnaa d ibndgs, about 100 Ylork sinks, six canital horse troughis, £erbs, rabbed and self-faced slabe- a large quantiti of Portland saintling, aud miscellaneous effects. W.ay be viewed the day prior an-d morniing of sale, and catalogues obtained on the premises; and at Mr. MEarsh's offices, 2. ChaLrlotte-row. Mansion-house. a,evonhelue-Valu.ble Estates, situate In the Parith of Thelbridge, -distinguIshed as Thelbridge Burton. comprisng about 210 acres of Armble, Medow,.and Pastureland Homestead,Ac. also the Thol. br-id.e-croessIunn,nd 46amres of ralules,neLPasture AnLad R1. 251aSEH lin received instructionie to SELL by .L!IAUCTION. at the New London Hot-el, Exeter, on Monday next, *July?7, at 3 for 4 in the aftemnoon, in one lot (unless previooly disposed of by privateocontr.sot).val-uableES'TATFS.eiruate in the parish of Thelm oidge. in.the county of Devon, within five miles of the lapford Station' on the North Devon Railway, nine from Crediton,. 10 from South loltion, 11 fromr Ti,rerton, and 16 from Exeter; oomprisrn~ithe Thelbridg Bartn Esnte. onsiting of hometead labourers cottager, agrisultural buildisga. and about 1110 acres (if amble, meadow, pasetu orebasel, end wood l and; let oni lease to amost respectalle tenais,an -of the estimated value of £C110 per annum ' the Theilbridge-cross Inn. and 46aci-esof azalle. paature. and orcb;anlland , let on lease to a respetaletean, ndoftheesimte vlu o iOK per annum. The atom alnabe esotesae hod durng d e lvsaged respectively 22,23, 26 2, ed 1. hsy e vewe, ad prliulas, ithconditions of New-road.-For AbsoluteSale, by order of the Mortgagee,-Eligible Business Premisee& in a good si-tration, let to a respectable tenant. 11R. DEBEN HAM will SELL by AUCTION, at JAl the Mart. on Tuesdiy next-, JulyS. at 12, a substantial brick- bult 0roomwedl. HUSibe. willsehod Prprt.i "I,lCr Ofor thebetByastone.m quaRe. Det o r. EnHAbu pork SuELL, earl thenan r. (whoundr take tokee thepreise in epar, nd ayei theusa reates and taxs,)ot he edned enal ff61.perannm 1 el fo16 years froum 1652, ata ~~~~~~ground rent of £21 peranu, nrrlrsothpemes of chmess Hidnd SSon, sabth-olictos Portlad-cambeshrst 72, Grre- neaboldrInodstmints fnorabout Wrerb ofrter Eeurof the latgsee M R. DEBENHA3I will SELL. at the M iart~, on LlTue5dag next July , at12.in2IoneltSEVENR bubstantialt cric. buiLt ROUSE Ire wdit shops) ositt o3u t4. 45, an ad,46 npear the. capital repatr~ and let to respectable tenans,metnfthoh , cort pledforman yers.at entls moutin to£19 univde. per annum Reeteld ork antdr of 43 earsounexpirdatal logrLlound Pretof£0perty os,withitab-lene ford anet m.eenthane opaices ;0 Cheafisideo.ot b holdero Inetmentx,forasolt aeb re of the MorT. Vim ai't.agees. R.DEBENHAM will SELL, at the Matt, on MTkessday next, Juily 8, at 12. in 2i lot" TWOU bimk-uilt COlY-ba thrmee d.sanlly-ul private RESoIDeNC with larh gardens, No 7alsa, 1,th 2o Nand 1, Medo-pae,South Grfoames4 produinghretsm amouthng toposedperwannuam:hl fo 61 beutar s,efro n-arom160. atus agond3. glrezenw f ell-ro. Imaltbl CaiihtoiL saner, and Jcsc,ssthers, 7. Bank- loinsuiableforinveLstmentoad occupation;thelrttw os J P . GEDB E NHAwil SEill, atL tbe MArt,o Tuesd,ay the xTsz uTwaae July 5. at 12 , in oneos,TOuusal d-ulot, 10teee priva-ute DWESLS HOCESwt gadens. which hanve 8,Shopthwith-xtn ilv wo twsop newly andothedrn well-inishe cmrisidnces 3, 4 5,6. 7 an 5,Weedngirs-sree, dKNtish-to3wn; and.tre uIdebturhoad, n-eathel Mrother Redcap, Leoutg to reepouib tenandts, and hel forilong temms,Hos at moe atelirouNren-tsPartcularond the respetlativepemises; ofnChres Parouigr,enta slitor, 89, Cancr - lane: ofV. NaJon EO-ei.y, rcardstreetvedPdrtecti-oqsfreofmE the.F otg. DEBEN, A zo SELL by AUUTO.a h at nTcday,TJuly the.Mart, onnTISsdayanext, July G,tatlD in onealout- with rextsen.sivae inkhes s7hed-s,reand rothetrbuildings ltcmprsin reNor ISA Kendt3oad. TUpper IoponeTtyiofreoetand erea on and3 le. ond2 Meaerlns-pla e,rads1, 1,Rv and-9bu 12 yalettspacn torn he greundrealsoh GhshriadBeer-holus:let torespedMctrablFetenat (wo parLthe cosualot years,fromn64.ati a ground renwtho £0perio annum,e Par sticoadaa Wther-Grimalia UpperRig-ouom-etreet -nt the Mart: o1xaf 25R 2Appo, adq, oicitor,g7,deSohtuth-squarte, wGthay rn andl o ah tt Mt.,De,.ham' Annum.n arisning from 6 thoue, amotHautchamw-town,tand at Pare. Ru. V. J. COLLIER bas received directions from IL the !.fortga,.-es, to SELL by AuCTION. at thle art,e onxmes day,tJly. at 12ew. in Wedneotay,tbE 2IofLD et,a ,i 060S E two louts lgtoe MANtOR, odr perue annumol securedLuon 6ansmal exwedling-bos vandalepremies,ldsituate so ftclaUng-91 zst, Coss-st frese and Hatbayrodctv Orald Kent-ed. lthre ILrdpewth ao suelremcntern etioen, andle amleass fora termsdSavig% abouut a0lyearbstonrun, Thesgritou.nd ret anerag wabroutnal, perig house Tando thDesponrt withllher dwoldinlets accord-big teld eas.Tes;alroa,pinr.of ne7at reidftenslalld, Alphae ctcusp statioeo in HTehosL.a m ostreet prducingla menarly ofnnt £ atthe slitors 25,ua redt Lon-squardte, Hobon atd the Maidrofthe and a<re le Jtollir. 3. Miams,fomgat year ,a teTetmdr.srn Cire-0pire-annmbl Tresehodld a coampEiae,scompwtsing learcmpc h ae,raann 181vacres,twithmi abuperior areiens ofprdHucetielad -wair-oh mffDelling-house, A. and aprrit smalldg,I Farm oo 25acres tiaudfiern .L il, and iefo teimprovingant RXailwayeSaryteonant ate th o eth Mof t1ageer to m SELL abyUToN, vatua the Croertws armsi. Htaeoul, alt ree on Whednesday,en tuenpid e-ofaJulyet,atd,ing ta-m ata, satublofreeoldestte, ontinin 9 ac es o vr fertileac a wnd,ro ampl far buldies, o anunusallysubtantiarlo d hesritio,and a aud ut-uiling, Te fa-e, in.aing7l re ofthe land,uits i th ocuationo r.spThea,bill,ya most responibe yerll enntsth low1 anea praentro £10,and the milled and premineofteldar let tod r. WiLBliam il, from yearcitoyer, Atuhdvl odrtern cantwiguous to the aboe, containn aboutel flr aes fpoutv ad andithwalnestodwelting-houseshand appopriat buldig, thoc - tandof Mr. C. J. LlUer. an- eoorng and stexellnt eal enn,a Thre Glow rentof £mebersannum TrnId aboveIC~ vaual prolerty is adva.. tageasy itua ewo te lerylen tup`1 -oa9ladn f rom NantiviEhtoPMrke Dma-tn,HAbout e Sd-dRtRn aex ndl fo eachNtwn, in acapial prt' dMisrit romzegual hutrede b Cethgrdee packS ofAox honds;lok therierol Weavr.ohnsomtrms the bound, ary of the Hesateo onBanesider,afdords exeluale t fsig n dvdsteprpryfo the psreser,Cved estate frhoev.-Gnsadr Smitho,heAtthee lsta Volverago atrctoSELto at geteiRoman in d sirousto Combinigthpursuits T omora rda-orthme 4ith lazftoatUleG agricutura oficcupation,us aPmalOuETlY! indcrthison; Fors5 Mild,render othe eriese ruhabl_-mne lorthe , oupaionof a fam, ilyko high respctability; the estae also rsnsa nxe tnBy e inveTmentF. ThdAreeTpawsai thdeir Churcht pprtint Floet-stre. Thep IertIma DAY Juewed, and prTonlamw6 mayb fobta2ined Nantsrici(a atrther portion of Hted, Scres of Messrs. Acewezll, Pox, adSTwellONEolRYre GrahaFm Hous Le. lds Broad-sreetsiuden Three oldeCro,smters byd Amahdgand bothrs af crillian De ae~si Yorksre.JIwChanery.- PLangte, ff- v. riewni .-Vaub LandedEsL.atteir ceomns. ing streetO. Cov,fent-gade, Tof -nd aYal Iueadaoir, Jasulye, atn1 6 lotsof PLATl, jiaewe Isto, tinktets watches, and locs, hre god chonoetes bAroldnWtkis and Hedr e and Bannster, adother aluaELe happe,cmrsn fia. or. 16p. of freeholdland., situaei theo' i oZl(i comipcri-sin. in the 4North Riding1 ofteOsny of Yrk Lotl. A Freehold ares, situate ret PRyton. in te pmhof Kirtsy -Misperto comprislng 127a. am. l31p, of good sound arable, pastare, and maow land.wills excellentcoDmmodiouz farm-huildings, homestead, and premises thereon, together with a spacious and handsome famil resldusee tfitted ul, with every convenience, known by the naeo Grot Hall with iecellent dry etabling and other out-buildings attached, -A productive and tastefully laid out gardeni is annexed. in an excellent itste of cultivation, with a Isre well-built vinery erected thereon.a, few yearsage, in a ifrst rote'situaation.,in thoroughmrpair, and theoiinery in fridllearing. The 'premures-are situate about fouLr mIles from Ilelton, and about two miles from the Areortherley Railway -Station, on the Maeton and ThirakLine. ThoLoum isbeautifolly situate on the bnks ofLte Rtiver lies1 in which thereoisgoodt trout'end- pike lt.hing. anid also in several other trout stre-ams in theo neigheourbrood. Three packs of hounds are kept atan casydistausec. The ridirlbourhoed is considered exceedingly healthy. The farm islet toNMr. Johinso.a yearly tonoJut The titheszare commuted and paidby thete~nant. Thiere insome vrw fine timber on thInl farm. Lot 2. A capital Iweehold Farim, omprisiag Mzla. 2r. 23p. of good sound amble, pasture, meadow, anid wood land, in HRsten, woith sobstantial well-b-silt dlwelling-house, out-buildings. -andfar~mpreallses attached, Ala:gewellstockcedgardentnd orch~Ar adjoin the premises. Thereinssomefinetimber on this farm. Thinsfarm, togethe~rwuith22a. Sr. lx, potIon ofGarforth Hail Pare, isnowin the oceopatiesnSlr.lffendick as yearlytenant. Thetithe-sreommuted and paid ba-the.tenant. On this farm si-s a barn and onut-uldings at a, dintancefrom the homeateadand occupied by Mr.fdendiek;, also a cottag-e, let atz£3 per annum. This lotand the pr6oeding lostwillbe petup for -~sale together. Ifrit sold they willalterwaidsaheefFsredtsepartely-for sale. -Thbe farms can he viewed with permission of tbe tenants. eud printed par-tlculars and conditionanf sale, 'with plans,. mayhbe-hal -sovendays prior tothe sale, attbe place of sale; and of alMeesr.),)Ir and Chlarles Cole, solicitors. 36. Essex-street, Strand. Lonrdes AlMess, Chiohoisse and Gibson, rolliriors 64 Linech'c-mnn-ile2das Me3w-. Ricks And SonI,solicitors 5, Gray'r&imi-Eqsssre, Messrs Walter, solicitors, Mlalton ; Thea Thring.Esq., sulisitor, Wilton. WViltshira; of Messrz. Wise, land assnets Maltco: and of Mle-srs. RnIhwsortli and Jarels, Saville-row, in the county- of ididdlesciex Sad Changs-sgEcy, (Iorahill, in the city of LoDndon. M ESSE.S. PiGE iiaCASM 5I_T vill SELL by Xeial FRAUTIHNLSt h ToLN rrE eJly 4, at IS feel the ctsizale FREHOU4 %WMF_CZ ofthe late W'. F. Attfaeld. Dq.?ammI= u Aove. SJolungthe town of Beret, zb,ul 11 mi f fro doe, ndwitinamis ida half ci the Bamset ata. tiob on Wet COat Northem Railway, with larg gardgo.detaclwd vtablin17, e'iaole-buae, and other outbuildings, having a separate ea:rtage entranoe tbereto. Tarticulairs saud conditions of sale uos ha oltsdnel stthbe Mart of M-essrs 3oaLc and Blarlas, solicitors 7. cr~o~aase of M~. Ric]aids Solietor. 2D3 Chartar-bouse-squasre; ATslid ofePage and Cszaerow. 84 Old Broad-atrest, and St. AansadBarnat Hests, Old licensed Puablic-bouse sand Iotgsam FjESSRS. 'PAGE and CA)MEOT1SEL by -ATIN, at the Mart, To-mrorrow. July 4, a 'al.uabe l licemeed PUELIC-HOUSE4 known as the We11iugton, sitdaste d6 i sagtbe Market-place, in the bestpast of liigh-streeet. Brnset. in%theo enPatioci of Mrs. Rarins, a hig yraue,dable tenant, who holds a loea- of whichlnineyeasaweamanerpdrsdat MichaecrmIs lst, at arental uf £45mer,sanuna. Particularsandcon&ditonsof sale mabe obtainled at ahe ati; of Xlemas Jones arad bLaxlad, solicitors, 7, Crosby-sqtarre; of Mr. Ritchards, solicitor, 2D, Chaierhouse-square : and of Messras Pagte and Clameronx, land agents, and suvyos 4,Od a-treet, Tondon; and St. Albanla end Barnet, Heels. Lol ;ra -MIY-SSR,S. PAGE and. CAMERON will SELL by LtAUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow, July 4, TWO valublZe EI(2LOSURL-S of MEADOW I.AN'D, commanding extersiare and PlctuefqusAoew%s,stuate neathe junotico of Wood-street and Unlesattest, and baving a buildh=Kfronvage of 510 feet to the high road at the entrance to the town of Barnetnrom Els-tree; thewbole containing a,I.2p.let to !Ir. Burr. a yearly tenant, at £21 per arnnurn, ariuasad couditions of sale mayehad at the 5fart; of Maers, Joanes anud litlarland. soflctors, 7, CobY-zquace_;of idr. Richards, solicitor, 20, Churterhosse-euare; andof Meesr,-ageaend cameron, land agents and surveyora,5, Old Brad-etreel, and St. Alblsn'. 1FseeholdetProerty, produci ng rpwas of £17 pe-r anuum, at Wheot- stnee, Middlee. MESSRS. PAGE and CAMERON willSELL by A TII,xtthe Mart,TomronJuy,at1.aIRE L) )sERSRP.knnn a te Bnd ndlowr.with garden barn and sale;asu u Chnem rueis, T. Lottsge,a and othemr.. v. -B1ad weiheieidthaereehldatabcen r Gandpico gard en round lets.to tenint at eramnalltoh£d784t. ofpwrannum, Psellonaruaend otioynoMsaE,myb a ofRS MACesssoe and CA- lRNd solictors 7.Cotiby thatr ohf SL ofRIc thd e abevq.. 2 RT4il Chtehos-oake p at the ar and of XMesars. Pag and Cameron. land agents and sareyors, 644 Old Brosd-street. andE St. Alban's. InCsoer-Lutcen2a y.LetucteGreand othdm' Lenav Bre -wlSadhRS." PLAGEna.G o an d CME ONhraUwlltSELL rayn abetemally, sENTYdEeGTITeofpwrsf 23T ac'Res siUaLLOCKtSeand late hcf Sorth MEsioP,i the propenty of WiltPas. .o jdj of Olsd Rownieylr and. condtalons ocy bae mado beshad Patte stars ado es.PaendCameron, land agents and eurrreors, 4, Ol Cantee,so.k 2-a-are,ant.Albaau. c . - MEJFSSRS. PAGE anld CAMERON willSEL by. o,LYLa,JulyTll,.atlthe(Cok Innprevitoy qon Tesdayo ul ,b t L-c,o hm u i 'b oa y~Purser, of ngROEE Inear Bedaotd, Mne.CoharlesPurear,o tAlse, vnand ofn M orma Tal ofe Oldw Iof tey beds.Catlsroguesdmag beuntad ofl Mesrs Pare andl Ce-amer oor,lndr agndwtsanda-ssu itacrovttin o h Alhanb. spots, 64, ~ ~~~Old Broadatet adt 3FSSRS. ~ Rctaand Mdlsx and SR.-PAE ad A ER Nhbebe Tract,sofs wihiehgdu n rotitabwlle veniato vanatePrT ofREE-t4 HOLDION,datAtT OOPrOLD oEridayH, known1 as 2 MaIRian sitat adoe mmisdsousth LEAEfEtsrounDin cOUntry, onl tha niaues frosaty Hydepera-ciddersand wathi a on easyn distance fom Stheionh onead Lnwdon andlord-tl,-etc and on refot Norte rnm Ralways. ITheerpacceass desirabe reidente Wthindeo ind iiiturs oe oe nhoc ofth withlity.dtchen gadnrehsetarit,o dtchedm eitabouing,coachouse and othe r pert-huioDningsa ncebu ce ofei.Th souperio park-like3 meadow lande. rath f2ourcttaes abdNI ndfarm Whomestead, te wouh oletaingvngy ompac asudinxing fnce. Teresienc my bet-lehve biy cars, to bleoh tsledcthenetoners*andartcnir ndondiioer of sal, with plae anexd, ad 10 aysrio5o ale ofPesrs. lMerwith con-e andCo. soictor, s Nw-suar. incln'-in;at the, Mart :r and o street, end St. Aiban's nodHarnett.,e Rents. St Com sltereae, Receta., IL CSSRS PAGEI and CA, ERR wllSEL ab ON.rawy at ThesMart, onl Frdy ul t n oa vlsi PblOT offrb FreEHoulD uiLdINby riatDe ih chs. adn andrbarn, sthe ate inr tHewcentr.o the valuaeo lte,tewoesn plans may beAha of MesIRs. IMeBLItHO Rev,an o slno,8 Shotew-aqar, incon-d. n a hot ditane fart;o do esr.Pg n toeParnds wishin man pofitablnes Imnoetmetfe r roaofit4 TIEESSC. PAGDIEPand CSEROy wAllTSOLL by er ofUtIOe MorthaeMar, atnGarraay. ul1, oat 12v, JulyREZeat and commodsreiouslEAdsEHOLDofb HOUvae, inthactj plsanFocHOty Upe lpo, Middleset a, genveen nts disanc rmhihra toadstabl or-hng , uu ardnd conlyrvaouryue forinhomLonudon Theu easy acces tofth altg theao jed;tognethean wuictheFive C-otavder ofghe loaityat, cldote respteChabilth,o 2themnteighouhooeud, erlt teaspdro Ilertyn cnInuanc_ o athtenanwrts. The anu,houssar o..Wrmeic-entl anddrawInrgeoom ofo e ande twon tresspngmrooms, witchen wathther closet, iadn, ouepand othe convtaeniencs:letnretohige raiespectabl tennts a the repctviewdb rents o of £ the t3, nd £5 pe annum andcu arohbdtaind1 gruday rinf£or toteeach thouGreen Partclas withL Bcndiath;n of A.e maywel had soliMetors. Dmethenh. ion, enfflkchc at8,ra a'sou ndathatosreenuti orneesuory;oa the Mart: -arde.ofess,ae an Paerniandote.aend allkndsurveyors,ica ldrropa-sreec ml st E o.RS. RE-ardTsVsd.Ceet, Manuctiner-sq ofsre. ca 1IM , intrens F rBeoeevr w inEL by AUSCALPOPE,1at jwLo theul 3 for th eirnesday JuLy2, ati2 ld thendEsteeTthe anuyB.v eyry reMpc, hiSr padmirably Isaexpeins greatl thruhae, nd.neatha wet cod sqarsnres avibeenoccupiedgforh 74yarso by theb rsetprop rieX.theman his fadrth g elfore 47tyears,uat a onery lhow reserved ren Ot. Partiularstf ide.J Ferb re aliz- -fle,7Hihstreet, Kencestngtonare IO..at theMart, on ednesday. July23 t1,tevlal No.18dCrewgllireace poestganoraenTayl frotg,wh sAblng,fhold ofteConorals ngtlm,ntg mdruaegonret, Paroi be heeofMetes ry. Wagfrread Co.Gra R seB-urgests andofMr P.Fre. utoeery A,iS,Due-sre Maneheoster-squ sre.mo A. Ungboadiedtde ulehese, Shoodetars loiueslzd. i . EDWARD L wiLlYN SELL by AUCTIN,a 'sO, on tuePeiesda, Juy 5 Carles-'clock (unes Jan acceptabloSe beY prviusly m,ade by por tevatleontrach,ebyxodereof he Uine HODixo the latIEMc FawkIs,ThREvaluabvele LEASe, oftclpossesrio Shooteris-ill-rad au sheet ditaey caromt ladriheth Thusel proes, fasenerand fre-inp s, y h sreseznoproraietsr supwtrs o offi0eafrsandinur theshandsein oak,ancol udigine ano falldtobe cmmand ivryn prost-as abd le tad eddaricul ars nmeru fft.ay be obTndonteeisese ,atdGrtawayes;hand othe auetisneer, 17.atthn-ardein..ie67,hney To alur-sable Frepeholid Invesa.TenStA ltsbam,Knt.oc-hue Feriride- wills W StureLLrve bayswAUTeONb ~RCG LRING R bys reivaed com intras,) o F SEOLL they A MonCgagees, at G arraway's, onolla Tuesdayro. J uly 24, at IL for blin loeatifu gardN, conBLSeaor,fcl-hu- and OCLHUE,slabotesia acre-es ap tal eaowAmd lotogenthrer withFier Clottaes,delightull shos doser ton the ChurDntoech, sthable themg who plyie rnunningdto Dobell per. at thm veab low frenato £10 perannium, whoI hasrteutlyr expndcodiatlrges,s of saeoca ey upon ath Gpremisyes, wic. with the railwayr,s inctoaeCnratbroo,us matheriallenank the Pralue of thisz way'es; and athe aucWtio need atlss Mr , Ratlinson-garden, nagt tera iganfe-roe.and alknso uiclPoet od ModemiFramument, resolve eoaberyGkndo MUSCA WejRichrds CTY, ThMacions cOnfienTlyaIbDwRtismdeLoLisoa athsthemost sdvataeos a evey rspec, a ther mahogany experienre,wt mnsilmnsrunuots urin thaast yeas engreabooledglaLe of mthe tis oneers whar totll Wignorant ofa thensumine Stok-heuf frea-lize,ia -Ofce,7Hgh-tewet, comensington. ,03dzes MontlySae ofhPicturey hand Drawivdingsthrucmodens artits theleorageintvso h alte Mrhi. Ewillrh -'ukranteod timnbathepurchaers, nt to S E L GEy AU BITI ON. i h u neervext ShAe E u l tsinNvIIalle sINreplac at ThirsdRooms, 21.' O,JldBond-stee, TI DAY. whlftuhe 3,atd jurceint~adwl nld pcmn by the uecsdfo h tsipnd oies-mentioned trtate,andicul- nFrs h ietqaiis fh ieuni Yin drewc. Stooz ls Leslivita e Tayl3,19 oreso teT tarm fle,79doznsow h iutgeLong&, 5 doznsqu herin tae urgess22 oznso D helvint Pe o ry1i a smallsy rr Bhoce o;ker of -er,Hdm Fox ele Rusellas Worebb,Clr~ Clrpaa,raaack donhersims.Theuartio Wilsoneherit M1nc naybengthewtedntwodnyrof, and men,iannlocesr-lbad. ot Hexeford,hbire.--Very valuable Freehold Estate, within 2o muem of the improving market town of Ross rine of Bonmouth.and ltI of oHENRY BRUTON has recoeived instruttiosy_ offer to Public CO MPETITION, at theRoyal Hotel Ross, Thursday, July 17. at 4 in the afternoon, ahjbcot te cordition5 of rale to be then and there produced, that highly valuable and compact FREEHOLD E.jTaS known as Hightjwn, conEisting or a sub-.a,ntlaiy-bnult. and comfortable farm-house, milI-house, two cottais, tbroebarn stables, piggeries, sheds, fold sards, excellent garder, and about 1E9 acres of bighly superior asable, meadow, pasture land, and orcharding.situateinthepaishesof Peterstoes andEridtow, in the county of ererford. Tho abore very eligible estate aompr shunt 149 rr of finrt-rate aable land, and 40 acres of meradow lad and orchardiug (the latter now in its jilme), in the highest poribe state of cultivatIon, and is situate in one of the msthealhby fertile, andjpctsursQue districts of the county of Hereford, and wlMiin a sEort dianceof Goodrich-court and the River Wye, commanding magnifioent soenery, thus affordiLg building sites of an musually attractire character. There i also a quarry of buading stone, and the estate is intersected by a stream of water offering capobiitis for tho erction of a mill. The titbes have ben commuted, and the paroohitlmltes are low. The turam road leading rrom Btoss to Eerefordruzs close to the estate, hich is itte withi a few minute' wal tof the churcb, and within threemei oE t fit-elas oraEse er statida on the Hereford, Ros. oad Glooester Railw. The astats many be iced on appliation to Mr, Win. Drew. the tenanr of vvhom larticulasr with plans, may be h3d i days peeiorulyto the sale . of Charles Gwillim Joues, Req.. ot ll, Gr y'*sn-aqunr, ID0e-' of Meem. Edward and Holland. soiiors, Ross: at the pbace of _ae1 the principal incz in Hereford, Monmouath, and Glocmuis; VA of the anctio.oeec, King-street, Giocaeter,- Thbtraf Royale CODTe -gardev.-To Theatrical Matitzem-Al-t&ILto nagischMucto in there and nusneroutilays, furor Kaneirl.p_ridO& P, t lre rn Repowory. ka.1. - - ~ 1A ~~i~RROINS ame instructed to SELL"'by AUCTIO.N, at their IRGoo- rPuma, Cavenat- u,tH718 anysrd -To maocrowr. at 12 all the XMUSI In SCO of t IV_hcf umue. rpuenrm& OE AS et rPLLB Prd-cWIat gme Thetre ROyal, Core* WdM fom thlear 9 to boutthe yerlI116, inex-afitu th".'f 311. 'en Weber; the, adw4ed OP55O fL z&et,nl6514elsgbeer, =1 atleeramaineat se1espos1a; " oef MOs aaeledcarama aopia iaotslnrss,uitthe 'ratrooa via,VW~ pwittosa, !jyil,f -*arly )fiosd, somei of which as0 grf"- 40"ne"b6 tO Aa variety'Of aset-diieons the 3*7 ens from lfr to 1126 with the autogr4pin retpi tts wioee ackssuS duriag tho5wpeeads; uuawrane MA1110ipt 0-10S,01capitAl larg ken- xe'pOaitay. a aelal ditt gand rundry fwnltre. :ow on vw.sw And eatalWgues hial in OUt-reitder,; zu,reeden's areat, llheW*ie 3 ft dhsewetr. dito So Iniixsnu * temal es neTte!g"se~ VW; sAnds, one .4 ft.,.by Rerpr, Steces- scope with 1 ralaaeVBOx etet N. ping Needle Isrument,Portaible, Dnmte,W c-ut glow -a" Etein Lud-tovE, tf-OY walnIut tree Semi~Cottaget TMESSBS. ROBINS are instrucitea to , icl6qde4be abv ntheir raieceIlaneoqs rateaTo-mnarowj. At , A.:N6won and now lying atthe Bngor-wbmf, itelveeceroree Lenabetrd. RJtxssRS. ilOBINS will SEL'L by AUJCTION, nrat iLthe .3ratbjers. Waterloeo-sd&on Tusda7 'next- July ,a 12t about -100.000 Fit-HICE SLATES. oenuis-tiog of co-ntoes - man ladies, lyingt Meser.Johnikmby andSo, gosl=orhai,]Boiredetoruad, Laarbeih, wbere they luu-be Inspect-Ad day untLIlthe eole.UaI6a-. niie cabe had cenweek?irttw--5 oeneeOsa;al at tems Ebins's-offloes, 6ovent-Sarden.. Th retheForth. BIxteclo-bill. on the high roal to Croydon. j~~jRDkNLEL CRONLN is instructed to SELL"b V M "~~~~~atGamway's, on Tuesday. Julyl5,at 12, the T-ay valuable LasLSE lad P'OS8EhIAON. at a todiig rental, of the enaelent PlROPERTY, known tas above- It is most clleerfuily sittuate, is in the best stAte of repair. avitairably Arranged, and in the poeseetioz of atrade ofzgreat urgultude and rofita. Thish baatneuthe weli.r,, Coguired Cbasacer 'f the hosUc for many ~eers and- at the Pre..& time it amply tustains its higl: standing. 31a- be viewed one wae,, rtotheaso.ls, radpsiUculasbad onthe rernWieosof T. W. -Elaj-ej O Bedford-ro)w ; an of tbe auctioneer, 43Z, E1oomsbary-waqua. The Royal MLint TLverni, South-wharf, Padidingtou. immediately, ,_.- tiguoua to wo,ral of the. principal etrnces oif the sleeat Wesi,r. Rielwar Termidnus. -~R. DANIEL CHONLOTq is directed by, Mr. Henr .L=.&oYn/w) isretieing frem buatnese. to SEL6hyg~ "G. s iuesaday, July 15. at 12, the Tery vatual4oeLEs ia&.OPrcta, f heROYAL 3tll ~~on,at~~~o ~ i guidaidedf the of the best or litkind. both as to its remarkable solidity and its juiciusaxengierits. The Siution W oine b inuterred. ande i7s immeiat GProet,to D hn.- sorces ofyes, thonresn nelIghbtiourhao rendL wthorughaeaaeek prio tof the cimole,oan patirlr band SPIRTGVAniwes To.mm yeaBlareI E boe.,2, aefod-rwhic andofteactoer4Blms biurey Thuaey fe o otT.a The tillWin Vauts, as.6 an 7. herbca,opmier of Dixon's IV ]ELDAN~IEL CRONIN wis dubmite to BTENDarer' VatoE-byAUMNatGarraway's, on J-i-s uly 15.t, fraenlwho,niu, gt a osxtnigi ve Land pofial t Wae.t A uosrnofcumt mghas urhsultd bingturrie beV lsd nwhufxeof~ rotud. Theyt roffernow le mtto aorbeOprrt u rsmn ind all it ont leatfr& the rmd for hc hybs eno oge J nted, G artesiul and ofitheonso edr a e~a ofrones. one-nq- n olctr, Knghnbi lleanpae: ndof sa wekda tier J,ulyTilhre day.ofusale.xt9teESoa TpectbeLord Weullngton ha-rt RESIENCEulig-boly 6tand lVn-and belx -Jo.!iLtroSEto.byuarCIO, atddem G letwys toJr er -1on Tforo Jl 12Zt 1,ther LofE wthhe peas, rmlfebalon.i6195the abhel PbyIES helda or a, term of aot61yearsrmad. atLl 18Kcanu.Tthegrndren' ot7 prnu- chnaratier, nd mexperi4pene ullmjoife the rven w&dbn My bevmiesied,E ahedteantisuarsI bartl=asb at aGaarrawaon ls pre'Mire t-ndox solicauctiElonee ur,y42. loomrey-qudfteauctoner Eligiable LeaseholdImprvedtmental West BLeamptow, n llde aud liIDANIEL CRONIN -ail SELL by AUCTION,, tnhe actoneaer, fo2atEl mfnalSiyasatogon eto MUpr. anm. ay beviwe byremind the tenanct.hat hrleoiw Ingo, G bysin sodoUth auctionMert , BTHImS DA r husq ay)at ironp1 ltgnrur, KnightOLrbrad L.EAiibEHOLDEaSehold gneicuest Toteefcriddlene an lat d ctaof freeo. cniugo he e dpectabled andcroiu ESd-3huEN , eligible ftore sodehmin" ter oftheeyarsfrmMibaeme, of 1 nod'% heeldP by tlearshae Ir -gapnetd informer Cfd48erUmtsitbeper andum. ay beiw-ib Oermisoneod 4. Ehoomahut-sqtree ; vathdu i theautoer42 Invesbry storelIjR. D30YL'is 'irctedI tol SELL by AUCTION,t torneasty 'zo ysr.43rr'eam ata groun-rnmf£5hs e oon fte- Cnuac,suee, L, 'old-Estae% htiudee fon leasex fo.atermrfom 20 -o of pund ba bepimzd f eromtm tow time. Trent purchse mayl cat-s -cuateon cnsieralepremi fum lynganmo atotetermnation tofe Messs. BrthoemewundRnPlhl,eldtr, anrLaso's-ia-lde anRofI TIE eDlwljediThisDy at the Auction Mart. EISDk (ThurLday) itaeatCrIoet, atlthe Maree t,IShDreditch;rrHa.) - 12, finl 6 lihoxis. FREEHOlD d-st: s 't-ra, lacfitL ESaTES, giand g deie ada- pted frcupton.OUE-S ahudch-owre, peligibleet fur invetmen.t.p Valeabole of the anua Awraneiutalof£8.DecitveLwmiss apearedif ismeiad trtsmucted bn thcpaer Asindemysb obt3Aine at she Mart.~X i te oyl x Nleo. 7,Old-street wihot, inth ity o esLand sr tttigilInest -a Grocerrawnarlyneon fionday July 3, a e2 alBEE, SHPI n Stock, wi Othout rewith Siand deoei bCthe rer i nglaly FoxitOrc,75, Wole andStiree;it zdsawab s ad theanhoec' EsTates, als Leraseolsates, hn'eldfo nesd rde fo 0t ablyeLARs,a peperor an-DDW ery lwith drns,t utel lse whipuchas1 ers, 3trzevuen irota t -ASSES mst ceWBONl rsptaecintfuo calb teta ote ILameb va~ndhld atteE L. Coerahote aendtof eod RPE TIESbcompriesei od inhids, msALE at althmegAeinMr,TI A exthensdav) stuateso aty ieneit, Hraeds 11gatree Shrdl ak bey-ieeld 1 daiysoPrioate, Ol-the aet-rand,Bakr-o,ndWn rh,Asto dColf .sics , hrc-ow, Stpper-tre.IinonopsIte e etes.-atrCeetena-pae Valdal Poatoldi ineoh uparcishfhosgwrove, Noctha oalxiroe eUHM nd MetopoJlit7.anCutie Othe Ro I 7in the BOYenisgb insructed by th thpreAtgnsofM busmeoyd andu H.z Fouditions tano bta toe SELbyACIO,a GIErrwa'saTMida.Jl ,a 2 -POrCYopertysiAtuaein thelawLif Ofc forth5,00nk withebnu of£589. -age 52; olic for Grooitted JuctonCka andc agedjaoinnh lolyhtodr£7 d i thcoytx an xoeiet ellngboue, ia ollrerfrd£,e0 nattahedratreole wit leade. calarsteFq., cambleook-ttngo uart; of H xate Er. 4 Sabn ids 23*.72.Wedfteet;b n h xaltl lerrwa's and11 eat the uexcletra~teso33,Arthueh-sume, feetby22stee.Th iascl-" brN-oa2d Old-te, Sbt.d cum w'e.hSuperi Fixtulres sad Fibengsove.th aracee netarlyd eou5w, -bottied upt weighindlensof ne, wi;th yapita stx orsewthu resere, AxAnd handsomtw Dogm cotageot. nmet aud. Preiuses,o Friay wholeof ath b2.irKditJaEin god FtTic_S d h.theaebInqAs PulPbanoaome Oun xoutwter,fnc o inen bths hardn.- Mom trofthee-kit,boxbam and bh andjg Teale weighing machine, onamev teaoadyeepe. nrtolltrouckbonsprings, and maindoendocart, pathent axes;aei retquiomries. uraerard lump uar gre n lc es el coca, hbocxrolate,J F.dls sonp,spies, Esc., Onicitow tidyr and Dto-m mi(LAerromu.-ticng. ratlogue on thePtremises;- and oWthbactionee, 52w re.ntory.e~-atet ecse-ea Thir nnt-class Wie6 o SpiitEsabismet,Inntheth.manh.w rSSRS. ArTOAandSO willlSEL L Lby lUGy TION t larae xts o Wednesay. Ju aly12. aeete1rstIme,lu PASES, meeacntsal siuading thrdoe, bmiublepatdo thn-e chw-cts ofLawbeth adhube adt thsingle wrlsatrntdsqperid nm thes,,e-t knowbloed super, ornitye. of h crtasiont of0 thin houe, l, ad u tkno spablitrein gadbeands chmuatyatoall timesiconsamd dns of thae most extns=etrde ofany nets, immrediater1 siinty.Te premitsesr' mayi Auetieed 10odayr prbiort hed ~ o sale, ndf pam-tiers bed rtof Meors P-owc3.7-ul,Sn,ad rss. olFunlietore, Stople-tIon. Hoihero;an atth ctoo'ioers olie,3 hltoa-,a Wet P-,-.ral 1rine UrHAMel"lt, on Moendy Jul7.at the` Buscl Inn,StnySttmenta, autd 7 nteoensng bydiection ofmra teProp'ltrietor, wTho reticiAndfu FridSt61eaigtbfou, e-,n`tirevebriu of the ouctehecairnhfte Ornad unctio Canal a ndading t-heABoI-ead-rod ucnmaing, wiAth.lae muten, ra'exe- o rA Lable fwtig2 urss h floo gof ho khi ntis 3 ee by 1, n the .,Ali flor T ce 117 feat y1,wt HODEFFECTs, stockaintraide, nda c~sfv,r.1L Casahnd,.czom to, an)y amnount. upon every clas of pruietspreviou-S to Wae, an& all boanees paid the foliowiac mrig lnVcnnn advlet, --eneefor execres o thr,sa aniatctc tlrstersde0, CD, St. Peed's chiuchyacrd,-Au - tn amouo ihd anident andr =er-n Pictures ono ig-lu BI'~ ARNS will SELL bY AUCTION? as Abov~ jzTHis DAY tThursdaTl. J'uly 3,' and two following days an assmblge f rne ?ADNTIL GS. about 400 of thLe various schools; Ineludng a undsated w.ork by De -Kontg; a charmiog rsdmen Rubea; to ladscpeF, Cuyp; two,tin productions, Ve'.o&bec -oc O?d-ol EInbrendt Stanfield Galnvborutigh: Tlcnera- C. Doici' Frith T %Mao~ez Mienis Vandyke Corper Me-tL .. - - Onve.Catalocresase6bove N.E. MoneyadTancedonemey.de To Connoisseurs, Pictnrel)ealers, an". OMAMs,---Wthout Rea e-flP - Quadrant, Eels it-stre't. MR. GARCIA-wMl SELL boy AUCTION, as above,- To-morrw jipridayl. july 4, at 1, a, gmnl COLf,ECTION cE valuable auclent-PICrU'Sj,~ reroutedIr,en the north of rla including works ofthe ltsis.s, Spamsh, Dutel,sdFeis reai InPartisularm a~bcimeetioned, VirJl, sod- Child1, C. D.Jel; Intturio f. j-Z~Z .%-ef; Iigh i.oEgypt, Alt-sno;S Catherine audl St. Agath" a piair, Car&lo hsaratti ; landscape and Cattle, Cosp;- and exsamples ofequal merlt by- Garofalo - Cergl D. Tenlri e- Maritari Parnegiao Wonversoans Teabsc-f Berchemn -ass Fra.tto SleIl -'tu Jan Steen. Ice5
