DEATHS. On.the 1th Inst.. at Lane Cottage, Littleborough, Lancashire, Ms. Robert Nerall, aged 72. On the 20th inst afteraahortilhnes, Mm Chapman,at thePrewexy, West-Bromwich, aged 40. On'the 20th inst, at Brentford. Um Sarah Bowden, sged.*. On the 21st iust.. Louisa. the beloved wife of Fear-AdmiraI William Blight, of East Emma-place, Stonehouse. On the 22d inst.. at Rulme. Manchester, the ReT. Joseph Ryland, ILA.,of Trinity Culege, Cambridge, in the 37th year of his age, much regretted bya'd bis friends. On the 22d inst, at hi. residence Sldrwith Abbey, Cumberland, William Parker, Esq., in the 67th year of his age. On -the 23d inst., at Exeter, Anne, relict of the late Rev. Jamiee Dunn, inherSistyer. On the 24th inst.. at his residence, RopleY House, Alresford, Hants, the Honz Capt. George Charles Agar, formerly of the 3d Gurd& On the 24th inst, the Bey. Mauree Eiller Goodman, ef Oare How,e Vilte, in his T0th year. On Thursday, the 24th inst. at the Fourcbauhault Iron Works, in France. aged 60. Blonsieur Achi o Dufand, only brother of SM George Cra-whay. of Montaga-street, utell-square. On the 24th inst. at LymingtouBauto, mrs. Eliza Rodon Patey, in her 65th year, widow of the late Beuj. Caractacus Patey, }sq., of Xiugstou, Jamaica, On the 24th inst., at Xorton-tnthe-Xoorsv Staffordshire, whilst staybngatthe Rcctory,where heexperiencedtrnly Christiankinduese, afterX weryshort illness, Thomas Theophilos Brsadly, Esq., B,&, of St. John's College. Cambridge. and late of Chelteham CoUe e, only son of the late Thomas Bradly, of the Mall, Chiawick. liddlesex, in his 25th year. On the 25th inst., atWndsor, in her 7Sth year, MaryJane, wife of the Rev. Wildiam Canning.canon of Windsor. On the 25th inst., at her residence, 27. Tavisteck-squar, Maria Martalena3 reict of the late Theodore GarAron, Esq., aged Si, deeply lamented. t.LP. On the 25th inst, Dr. Nonro, sen., late of EHrley-street, Cayendish. square asnd Bushey, Herts, in the 67thycar of his age. On the 25th inst., at Sidmouth, Edward, eldest son of Edward Witmorem E.sq., of Montagne-street, Ruseell-square, and Change-ley, In the 39th year of his age. On the 2ith inst. of censumption, Robert George, only son of the late Mr. Robert Warner, of the Hedfecd Eote, Covent-garden, in the 27th year of his age. On the2ith inst, at Dover. after long saffering, of phthisis lagnea, DianaFelicitd eldest daughter of General Sirj H. E ittler, G.C.B, of Bigadon, Devon. On the 25th inst., at Blackbeath, in the 45th year of her age. Carlotte. wife of James Michael Terry. Esq., of the Hand-rn-Hand Inrance Sodiety, london, leaving a family of eight children to deVlore her loss. On Saturday, the 26th inst., CharlesWilham, second son of Mr. Joseph Tucker. of 35, Duncan-terrace, Islington.
MOAVjY.MARBKTard CIlYYZTEBLLIGENCE. Tha Egnliaii funds have comp!eb e ec from the depression of yesterday, and, alt,ough the transactions to-day ha-e not been e:tenaive, the market has presented an appearale",, of great general firmness. uonsols for money -which left off last evening at 9a0 to i, wl' -e'6 tquedto s, whenoe theY stedilMY a' " :~ to quto J twi they remained to J a official close. At alater hour the feeling Of ark 4tion increased, and finally there Were bU61'oS fr,oney at 91, while for the account the lateEt barga;a -were at 911 to J. Somo Moaney urches dfri g the day tended to create stability, but the chief causes of the improvement were the satisfactor character of the Bank returns, the arrval of Australian gold, better prices from the rec Pourse, and the statement that approaching conferences will be held in P".ris, and that Baron Brnnow, who was .dlinister in England from the Court of St. Petersburg up to the commencement of the war, has been I nominated to take part in them on behalf of Russia. Bank Stock was quoted209 to 210; Re- , toa; New Three per Cents, 91; Long Annuities, 3i; Annuities, 1885, 16 9-16; India Stock, 218 to 222; Exchequer-bonds, i97 to 98; and india-bonds and Exchequer-bills, 6s. to 2s. discount. In foreign secuities there has been little activity, and prices have shown rather less buoyancy. At the commencement of business increased sales caused a decline, but there was ultimately a recoverv. In Turkish Six per Cents. the transactions for the account were at 91, 90W, 911, and j. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 1021 and J, and it closed at about that quotation. The general operations comprised-Chilian Six per Cents., 104; Ecuador, 5i ; the New Consolidated, 149 and 14; Greek, 6 ; Peruvian, for account, 80; Portuguese Four per Cents., for account, 47A; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 23 and 224; Venezuela, for account, 28 and 28&; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64j. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 68f. 90c. for money and 69f. 15he for the account, showing a recovery of a-half per cent. The Vienna prices confirm the sudden improvement in that market. At Anisterdam there has been rather less finrness. The telegraphic advices from China to-day reach to the 15th of December, and report a further advance in the rates of exchange, calculated to stimulate increased shipments of silver from this side. At Hongkong the quotation, which was previously 4s. l0d., had risen to 4s.1.Ols, w hile at Shanghai it had gone from 6s. 7id. to 6s. 9-'.d The export of silk to date had been 22,600 baYes, and prices were low er, the quality being inferior. The accounts from Melbourne state that the next vessels to leave were the Shalimar, which would sail in a fortnight, and the James Baines in a month, and that it was expected each would take as much gold as the Champion of the Seas. From Sydney the advices on this occasion mention that the Bank of New South Wales has been appointed agent in this country for the sale of 900,0001. Five per Cent. Govermment Debentures, secured on land, for the purpose of carrying out public improvements. Business was very languid, and confidence much shaken by the heavy failures which continued daily to take place. Several overdue ships from England had arrived. The recent exports of gold had merely comprised 370 oumces and 100 sovereigns by the Lord Burleigh and another vessel. The railwvay meetings of the week have not been numerous; but they present some facts of interest. It appears from the report of the North Staffordshire directors that every effort has failed to induce the London and North-WVestern board either to satisfy the claim of the company or to put their case in train for settlement. The dividend declared at the t7lster meeting was 28s. per share, free from income-tax, leaving a balance of 4,0001. tobe carried to the reserved fund. The report of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshiro Companyv has been adopted, including the guaranteed and other dividends. The directors of the Middlesborougl and Guisborough line have declared a dividend at the rate of 41p per cent. per annumn iunder the working agreement with the Stockton and Darlington Company. At the Swansea Vale mneeting the report of the directors was adopted, the progress made having been considered satisfactory. It is expected that thle Leorainster and lKington line will be opened in July, and an arrangement has been made with the contractors by which a clear dividend of 4 per cent, will be paid to the shareholders. The specie arrivals of the week have been almost limited to the 500,0001. announced yesterday from Australia, the greater part of which is expected to be sent to France. Among the legal facts of the past week has been the expression of an opinion by the Coiut of Queen's Bench that railway companies are liable for damaaes caused by misrepresentations in their time-tables. In the same court also judgment has been given in favour of a claim by a wharfinger against an assurance company for customers' goods burnt after they had been landed on his premises. The plea was that he had no insurable interest in such goods; but the words of the policy included " -oods in trust or in commission." In the Court of 'Bankruptcy, in the case of Strahan and Paul, a decision was given against a petition that certain shares in the Sambre Mining Company among their assets should be treated as a special security against 10,2951. of trust propertymisappropriated by Strahan, and belonging to his brother. EIe never transferred themu or gave notice of their being trust securities; but merely, as he states, placed them in his desk with an endorsement. Inthiscourt likewise a petitionfromGordon, of thefirmofDavidsonandGordon, thatthe adjudication in bankruptcy might be armulled or a day fixed for his surrender, was dismissed. H£e isnowin prison for twro years, but further prosecustions against the finm by the city authorities are pending, and are fixed for the 4th of next month. Should these result in a verdict of guilty, the punishment, it is stated, wil be much more severe. The South Australian (BuriaBurra) MEningAssa. ciation have transmitted their half-yearly report through Messrs. James MIorrison and Co., their London agents. It appears that the success of the operations which were resumed in Maylast has been very great, and that the percentage of copper obtained from the ore raised has been higher, upon the average, than any previously obtained. The assets of the company showed an estimated sum of 62,0001. for distribution among the shareholders,and dividends were accordingly to be resumed on the 1st of Dlecember. The following are from Australian mining conipanues:- PorT PurtIP AN-D COLOXAL. "The directors have received advices from their resident director at M1elbourne to the 25th of October. He forwards bill of ladin' for 1 tons l5cwt of tin ore, and 1S3oz. of gold in two %ars, shipped per Champion of the Seas, the produce of the company's establishment at the Ovens; also, a box of samples of tin ore. He also transmits Mr. ThompsoI's report on the quartz bands at Mount Blachkwood gold7felds and at Mount Egerton, and adds - 'M1r. Thompson will leave this week to examine the quartz veins recently discovered uear Geelong, at a place called Steigletz. I have suggested to him the expediency of securing, if possible, acaim on some quartz vein he may consider ehl,ible, and employ upon it a sufficient number of men to retaiu possession of it, leavin the cquestion of machineryfor crushing and amalgamating, for the present, til the value of the claim has been proved and the board have had time to send out further instructions with reference to future operations; at the same time anything decidedIy advantageous in this branch of nunrg I s not hesitate to enter into without delay.' With respect to the tin ore he remarks,-' The whole of this nas been shipped by this vessel, and I hope it will realize a price in accordance with the assay. That raised by Mr. Thompson I felt compelled to estract the gold from here, owing to the extreme bneness of the gold, which was lkely to be partially lost in the bags, and the variabl.eness of thequality rendering it impossble to give a fair average sample; some $ags.averaged as low as 203 ounces per ton, and t wosmall lots gave at the rate of 350 ounces per ton.)"' ESNGWSl AND AUrRESILTN CopPrs. "The directors have advices from their manager at Adelaide to the 19th of October:-Three furnsces were lighted on the 5th, and tha refinery on the 12th. Theyhad by last report about 70 tons of pi; copper to o on with, so we shall be able to more than paythe Burr Burr Company the copper due to them on the :30th inst. The stock of coals at the works on the 13th inst. was 371 tons, and, with the present abundance of cartage, it must continue to accumnuIate, notwithstanding the consuaption. Six coal-ships had arrived *ith about 4,000 iots of coaL The stock of ore on :htnd was 6,530 tons. The Donald 3av, with 373 tons *ed,re, arrived at Liverpool on tbe:134st ulf.; andthe Champion of the Seas, bringing these advipes, with 176 tons of ore. and wTh, aartg season has connuenceil e,4th great spirit, and oubt, continue to go on so Eu l arest coinmences, whh, from -present appes ce- wil be at an earlg dte, z p.romises to be * verysodant ane. From the-la to the Ot1inst. 225 tons of ore wera ent sway from tUe works, endfrop, the 7th and 15th 2S6 tons,'?- -.The annee fg4qoation r0ntive to; ie vrogret of English whinig aaventuxe is condensed from th., W tThe mniaing shsre-ilark-et did ntot sh6f that ImOrAncy lit the early -part of the week wrhich rmight naturaly have beeh expected from the imp roved aspect of affairs towards the close Of our last; but doring the past few days an imp:ovement has taken p lace, and on Friday a very large business was transacted. The directors of the Devonshire Grea;t Consolidated Copper 31ining Company have declared a diyidend of 9,216., being 91. per share, out of -?0at5 ;rom sales of coppe ore sampled in the mon'i, of September andOctober al. After PiMent of the same there remains in huld a balaucv of 23,40GI., in cash, ore bills not at maturity: " reserved fund, applicable to the general purposes t the compay. At Brynfordl Hall meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 535!. A dividend of 3b per share was declared. At West Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand oF 3,740b.; tho anticipated balance next meeting was 3,8321.; a dividend of 12s. 6d. per share was declared. At Kingston Down Consols meeting the accounts showed a balanco in hand df 1,8471.,; the estimated balance of receipts over payments at the next meeting, on 3March27,was 2,1.; adividendof 2s.pershare wasdeclared. At Nanteos and.Penrhiw meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 2271. At Wheal Kitty (St. Agnes) meet- the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of Sota ca of 3s. per share was made. At Clara meeting the accounts showed a balane against the mine of 42.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Boiling Well meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1331 - a call of 11. per share was made. At Devon Wheal holler meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 30L - a call of Is. per share was made. At Hervard lUnited meeting the accounts showed a balancs against the mine of 35. At Wheal Ludcott meeting thI accounts showed a balance against the mine of 546!.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Caegwian adjourned meeting the balance-sheet exhibited S131. against the mine. At Wheal frevelyan meeting the accounts olwed a balanc against the adventurers of 33.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Ritton Castle meeting the balance-sheet cxlcibited 2221. against the mie; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Molland meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 130!. At South Bog meeting the accounts showed a balance in favourofthemineof3931. AtKilbricken meeting the accounts showeda balance against the mineof 1,636?. AtWheal Ludcott meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 546!. ; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Penquean Qaarry meeting the accounts showed a balance agaist the company of 352! - a call of 4s5 per share was made. At Canarvonshire Sfate meeting the balance in favour of the qury is 2391.; the statement of assets and liabilities showed a balance in favour of the company of 32,476I." With regard to foreign mining, the following is the only paragaph worthy of extract:- '. In foreign mines the market generally has been firm,and the recent favourable accounts from Jamaica have had some influence upon stocks of this description. Considerable business has been done in Clarendon Consolidated, which havereached g premisn. AttlheMariquitaandNewGranada Mining Company useethig on Friday a statement of the company's affairs was msade by which it appeared the total profit on the Santa Ana mines for the six months ending hepteniber wras $54,526; Marinate, $2,301; and the loss on the Purima, $5,76. T'he financial statement, made up to Saturday last, showvedbalance at bankers', 2,120, and estimated produce to_April,_16,166?."
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Saturday Evening. In the railway-market there was some little heaviness during the morning, but prices subsequently recovered, and showed.a further tendency to improvement. AU the leading descriptions were firm at the close. Few transactions took place in the shares of the Australian land and banking cornpanies, but quotations were fairly suipported. Canada Land closed 131 to 136, and Crystal Palace atoi.Mining securities wqere generally neglected. Tshe Brazilian (Pernamnbuco) Railway shares and the Bank of Egypt shares were severally quoted A to 1 premiuml.
RAILWAYlZNTTELLIGEZNB. 3DfnBRGIT P A;RT) MD DDE AND S0ffvfCE N{TRAL A Wsrking agreement has been provisdonally entered into between the directors of these companies, subject to the approval of the shareholders. It is tated that the ,greemnent is founded on the retniti Oft'ste Paa expeAence of worklng the traffio of both Oompanies, and with a view to extinguish competition, and thus save a large and unprofitable expenditure by both companies, in the running ot aouble trains, for the purpote oQf P o n Zd mnain the same dEcRCntoih of traffic. ytle pioposed arrsnc inent they allege that greater eocoininodation will afforded to the public than has hitherto been the case from the separate working of the two railways. Tbh proposed working agreement provides for the working of the two undertakings ander one management. The mnanagement is to be conducted by a joint committee, consisting of five members from each board of direction, who are to be nominated annually. The committee are to managethetraffic, and to maintain the undertakings and plent of both comnpanies in a thorough stato of efficiency. Inventories of the plant of both companies are to be made out, and theplant valued within a fixed period; and arbiters are to report from time to time on the state and condition of the two undertakings, -ad on the plant. Each company is to contribute its proportion of working stock, and the company providing an excess over that proportion is to be credited with interest on its value. The average amount of the gross revenues of each company for the two years ending with January, 1856, is to be ascertained, and to form the bases of division of the future gross revenues of the two companies. The working expenses are to be divided into certain fixed proportions, regulated by the past expenditure of each company. The taxes, feu duties, and other special burdens are to be borne by each company separately, and also each company is to be separately liable for its own mortgages, debts, interests, &c. It is also arrangedthat all heritable and other property not required for the managementofthe trafficis to remain the separate property of each company. Subsisting agreements with other companies are also to be maintained. It is stipulated that an application to Parliament shall be made in the session of 1857 for power to ratify the agreement, which is intended to last for a period of ten years, with an obligation on the two companies to renew the same for another ten years. Six mouths prior to the expiration of theagreement any deficency in the state of the plant and works is to be made good out of the then eurnent half-year's revenue. In case of dispute as to the construction of the agreement the ma. tter is to be referred to arbitration. The directors of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Company have entered into a working agreement with the promoters of the Rinrossshire Railway, upon similar terms to those contained in the agreement with the St. Andreves Railway Company, which has worked satisfactorily and advantageously for both complanies. NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE. The capital account of this company shows that 3,929,737Z. had been received and 3,958,3611. expended, leaving a balance against tlhe company of 28,6271. The debenture account shows that 1,098,2761. had been received on loan to the 30th of December last, of which 219,8001. was borrowed at { per cent., 253,0001. at 4j per cent., 208,6261. at 4A per cent., 218,800!. at 4i per cent., 127,5501. at 4 per cent., 13,5001. at 3~ per cent., 43,000!. at 3A per cent., and 22,0001. at 3 Per cent. ; the average rate being41. 9s. per cent. The revenue account of the ralway for the half-year ending the 31st of December last showed that 10G,6971. had been received, and 57,069!. expended, leaving a balance of 49,6281. The revenue account ofthe canal for the same period showed that 66,274!. had been received, and 28,7481. expended, leaving a balance of 37,526!., which, added to the 49,6281. net revenue of the railway, makes a total of 87,1541. Oat of this is deducted 25,1871., the interestonbonds,29,2501. dividend on Canal shares, 869!. for law chares, and 1,000!. for reserve fund,Ileavingabalanceof 30,848. To this sum is added 25,679!. stated to be due under agreements from the London andNorth-Western Company, making56,527W Out of this sum the directors recommend a dividend atthe rate of 2 per cent., or 7s. per share. The outstanding claims on the london and North-Western Company amount to 56,4201. The reserve fund amounts to 129,9271. IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS. MMI: UP rO MIE REsPEcrrvix DAI&Tq AS UEIJSZ. 1536. 1835. Nameof Ralway. L a. d. L aL d. Belfast and County Down, Jan. 20 .. 21i 18 6 20518 5 elfast and Ballymena, JanL.9.. .. 8496 o0 8 . 18 0 0 Cork aud Bandon, Jan. 19 ... 202 1 4 198 2 6 Cork, Blackrock. and Passage, Jan. 19 . 1 19 10 165 610 Subscriptions. .. .. .. 61 0.. 14 0 0 DublinandfelfastJunction Jan.22L 95614 5 872 0 8 interestxavan Branch .. .. 99 0 0 99 0 0 Dublin and Drogheda, Jan 20 . - .. 2,318 15 14 .. 1,140 3 104 Dublin and Kingstown, Jan. 22.. 5. 659 8 4 . 569 5 1 Dublin andWvicklow, Jan. 19 - .. 273 2 7 I34 2 1 GreatSoutberandlWestern, Jan. 19 6.. 614217 0 7,170 6 9 rish South-Eastcrn, Jan.19 . . 204 16 4 . 21418 3 Rillanaey Junction, Jan. 19 .. .. 268 IS 2 .. 199 16 1 ILondonderry and Enniskim, Jan 19.. 575 16 4 .. 535 11 4 Midland Great Wester, JA. 20.. 2,699 6 10 . 2,6918 S8 Waterford and Yilkenny, Jan.19 . 312 14 1 . 262 13 3 Waterford and Limerick, Jan 19 . . 925 10 11 .80 15 2
COBN TRADE. L 0ERPOOL JMe. 26. The returns of sales of Britsh vheat, as per " Gazette." for the veek ending the 19th inst. are 101,406 quarters, at 76s. 1d. per quarter; cor esponding weel, 18S, 77,711 quarters, at 72s. 26. per quarter; ditto, 185, 54,581 quarters, at 82s. 41. per quarter. The arrivals of foreign wheat, flour, and Indian corn, sinee Tuesday, are scanty. This is also the case from Irelaud and coastwise. A considerable quantity of wheat and flour on passage from America is reported a total loss. Prnies since Tuesday, have assumed more regularity; stiU there has been little passing in any article of the tra,doe the question of peace or sear appears to hold prices in the balance. The market yesterday was not so good as was auticipated, the pretensions of holders of wheat, and flour being above buyers' views, and they seem to have ability to keep aloof for the present. Tuesday's prices were exceedod, but the general demand mwasslowincharacter. Quotationsare scarcely reliable, and to-day we have had only a feeble demand. NOTTINGAM, JAw. 26. A considerablo quantity of rami fell durng the past w'ee!- an.d the Trent VaUey and the vaUeys communicating therewith have been thoroughly flooded. Oecurring at this sason of the year, so natural and extensive an irrigation is a great benefit to the vast meadows on either side of the Treat. The supply of wheat at ourmarket to-day was small, hut buyers wero active, andan advance of Is. to 2?. per quarter was the consequenoe. Of the supply of barleythe greaterproportionwas coarse inquality, but the prices of lastweek were maintained. In oats and beans there was s o ebange. The present prices of grain and four in Nottingham are as follows.- Wheat, white old, SSs. to 52s. per 36 stone; nuew, Sla to Sf.; red, old, 82. to 85s.; new, 74s. to aSs.; barley, 38R. to 4Js per quarter; forgrinding,3sJ.to3Ss. per ldstone; oats, old, 32. to36s. per 21 Stone; new, 29. to 33s.; beaus, old, 53W. to 57s. per 3S stone; new, Cs. to 47?.; flour, super, GOis. to 65s. perlf stone; fine, 56s. to 59W LEICESTEPE, JAs. 26. In consequence of the heavy rains at the beginning of this week the river Soaroverfiowed its banks, and the lowlands have been flooded. Reports respecting the appearance of the young wheat are hardly so satisfactoryastheywereashorttimeogo. Nothavingbadasofficisat coveringof senow,Theyweresightlyiinjuredlby the late severefrosts. The pricesfor fatstockhavo this weekbeen onthedecline. At melton Mowbray fair the market was well suppliedwith beasts, but to effect sales seUlrs were obliged to take reduced prices. At Licester the meat trade was very depressed, at declining rates. At our com-market yesterday there was a fair show of wheat andiarmers (ofwlhomthere was a good attendance) succeeded in obtauinng the prices of last week for wheat. Of barley there was an average supply, and the extreme rates of last week were maintained. Oatsrealizedlastweek'sprices,andin beans there wasnoalteration. White wheat, 82. to 85s;s wred, 7s. to 78s.; oldred, 7bE. to 79 per quarter; nalting barley, 38S. to 40s. per imperial measure; grindingbarley, 35s. to 36s. per30stone; oldoats, 32s.to 35s.; new oats, 27s. to 29s. per 24 stone * old beaus, 55s to 57s.; new, 45a. to 4*6. per 3S stone; flour, 57s. to 5Ss.; super ditto, Ws. to bls. per 20 shIne. DEBBY, Jty. 2d. The immense quantity of rainswhichhaa fallentlissweekhs flooded the meadow land, but no serious inconvenience has been experienced. The fat stock markets have this wreek been Tery dull. At Bakewell beef sold at 7s. 6d to &s. per stone. At Derby the market was well supplied, nithaheavy trade. Beef realized . to 6d. per lb.; sheep a good show; mutton, 6Ol to 7d. per lb. Fat and store calves were plentiful; veal, 7d. to 7ld. per lb. Fat pigs were an excellent show,at rather advanced rates. At our corn-marketthis morning therowasa good show of wheat and a numerous attendance of farmers and milers. In wheat there was a good trade done at ta advance upon the currencies of let week of is. to 2. per quarter. Ofbarleytherewas a tolerable show, and frumers succeeded in obtaining an advance of 2?. per quarter. In oats there was no alteration. - Beans weem in moderato supply, and Is per quarter dearerthan lastvweek. White wheat, 78s. to 82&; red, 76s. to 7Ss.; barley, Sds to 41s.; oats, 30?. to 3Ss.; beans, 49s, to 57s. per quarter: fmn flour, Ss, to 56d.; seconds, Sis.; thirds, 52S per 20 stone. LINCOI37, Js4. 26. A great deal ofrainhasfalloeince our last report, and the lowlands have been and em yet to some extent flooded. some of the young wheatsaronotlooking so well as they did a fewweelmaego. Infat stock prices have a downward tendency. At Peterborough trade ruled dull, beef reaUzing 7s. to 7s. &d per stone; mutton, 66. to 61d. perlb.; audpork6aO. 6d. to 7s. per stene. AtU incobnthemarketwas. well supplied-beef was sold at 7s. to 7s. 6d. per stone; mutton (ewe's), 5)d. to 66.; w-ethers, 61d. iPer lb. At Boston ewes realizedOd. and wethers 676. per rb. At our com-narket yesterday the show of wheat was good, and the attendaceo of fanrers and nillers numerous. In wheat the trade ruled rather dul, and farmers surceeded in obtaining an advaced of 2s. per quarter upon the quotations of last week. Barley a fair ehow, and rialterexl in value. Oats amd beans each maintained laut week's currencies. White wheat, 7d. to M2?.; red, 76s. to 76s.; barley, .6s. to 40s.; oats, 30?. to 33s.; beans, us, to M3s. per quarter, DON1CASTER, JAS. 26. wehare had very variable weather since our last-rain, noaw, frost, and latterly a temperature more like that of April than Janury. The wheat plant has recovered from the dull appearance it had recently, and looks altogether uncommonly welL Our farmers scearcoly remember so mild and genial a January ae this has for the most part been. Sinoe Satu-day last the corn-marketain thisdiitziet haeo been largely affected by the peace news. The panie, which commenced on the previous Thursday, lasted almost until the middile of the present week. At Selby, onNVouday, the depression in wheat amounted, to about 3s per quarter; at Thirsk, on the same day. it wa 4s. -to 5a, while at Pickeringtheriwasafall of from Ss. tolO?. In all these cases, however, it must beinderstood the ituotations were in a great meaura3 nominaL- Holdersaff6cted great ineredulititSi to as imlace, sis' contended alasiAhat -ven if peace were mnade the supply of whcavin Earope would not justify s.y considerable declineuWenthe prcsent rangeof prices. On the otherhand miller and factors bought onlyvery sparingly, fearingtoepeculateundertheprceetunoertainstatoof thngs,andtherefero rnpplyingthemsdelreonlyfortimediateexigencjig. The leading marlets on Tuesdl showeda ome tendency towards a- frmer tone. At Leeds there was a reduction of 3s. per quarter, but the trade was extremelylimtted; while at Hull the decline wae so little a to be -' Ecarcely quotable, except on foreign samples, whku gtve way to the extentofls,to 2s. per quaste4, and hero also there wa4butlittle dispositiontosell. At Newcastle onthe anteday, buycrijdemanaca': # ry 4u6ion t lOIto 6t, ete quart&, but tioldem refusel to con;dco nare thankL to Sr. ooneoquentILbrdawains. asgttlcbetkefl . Sheffield afairsae waseffected at afall fabout4 perquLarte. (a Wednesd&ywlietawae not brouehtfwn"dyenje-eely at any ttb akets8, the g-rowr showing a disiposition tolsed off lvail The te titement in the butus had subsided. Theme war a good demman aV StonkO-on-Tcea at a decline of 4a. to E. At lovinaham tbl nl!ig. lion was quoted at i, per V tr Lilt ver triflin buignes doing; AtXaareebcwo-. ,s et down only IL., the gupply of wireir btn m,,AtBLarard=eatletere was adep)ressionof 4s.to laer quater hd a Brnaeythe extreme depresson was about is. At 055Thrstp~aelesha4t to submit to a reduetion of to. perqUarter;but atlicaborough. on the same da,prioeseweremuchlxrmer. th"elecitement aPPearing tobave somewhat abted. At Wakefiel, M~ riday, afirmer tonewno established. Dining the week print ha,e of-cus, bee very inwgular; they have ranged from about 72g. to, Vit per quarter. The barley tradebha notrmaintained the upward tendency It ha. ast week, Partly owing to the disurbing influence of political rumoours, and partyowing tothe article haring been brought forwarrZ norefreelyafterthelate enhancement ofprices. At all the markets in thin district since Saturdaythere has been a decline in the v-alue ot barley, in some emmeserytrlling, but princpgfly rangin from Is. ta Is. per quarter. The lowest price has been, 1S., and theo highest tis, and a good deal seems to hare changed hands aLt about 4ls, The trade in oats, where it has not come to a stagZnation, has been done during thle week-on lawer terms. in two or thre,e instances tisp falIhs beenfromsr. toSs. per quarter,Inothers about kd.perdsone; The,prieranoted arefrom2Msto3Ls, prquater. Thaereas not beeni much alterationin the value of beaus Ado. Cline of Is. to 2s. was noted at tln-ee markets this week, hut at al the, rest kUanctions here been either rominsl or without Change In valise, PrZices, 42s. toi5ls, per quarter. Pe"s hare been dull during the weekr, and hare receded in value I olsto2it Prics,4as.tosIs.d. At ourmark-et this morning there was a liberal supply of wbeae for the season, and a large attendance of buyers. The impmroed tout. OftheadvdasfromLtver-pooland,wakeodldmw:i holders extem*, firm,.and foreatime butlittle progressintransac,t,onswa,made. Bits. antely an advance of is, to Is. Per load (2o. SdI to it. 4st) was made. beinga96recoverY of nearly the whole of the decline experienced astp Saturda. Buslnesws-prettybrak towards the cl F, ie. malting barley was in active request at las weeks currencies, and Other aorta wer -Improved in i-sloe. The trade In, oats and beans was rauxa lgangid, and sales Could be effected only atea reduction on formnerratee4 The following are our quotations to-dsy:--Ne wha 6. o2g Per load of thmee imperie bushels; fine, 3s.e to 33L ; Old Wheat, 236. toZSI.; finr, S2b. to Sis.; bleudeorn, 24s. to 26s. ; Ipe 21s. to 2za, new, beans, 16s.to 1St-; old beanls, 20s. to ls ; fine, 2is. &I ; gray;: peas, lsa, to Ifts; White Peas, Its, to hIs; new oats, lIe, t-o 1t per quarter; flne, Msg. to l1s. ;old otat, 2Ss. to 32s. fine, SIr to Pig; Vrinding barley, 3s.r to 3li.; maltlng barley 4Ds. tofi1s. Official aTre ages since this day Week :-Wheat, W&s Sj.I per quarter, baleyS, LAs. 2d.; oate, lie.; ry.is. ;beans, 52g. 4dt,;pews, 52. GLIOCITn, JA?e, 26. We bave had no arrivals of foreign -wheat her this wreek but S, cargo Of 6t5 quarters of oats frmi Glroningen, besides 120 tons of oeats from T'aleeand .G1,3arrels ofthe samegmoinfrom Gaiway. The decline in our market last Saturday was barely moaintained to-day, and the pnic haseobsided. English white wheat is worth 'l3e, to 7St per quarter; andl red, Ms to 7ks Foreig,s, per 4s0Th. as follows :-Dantsic, an white Genessee, Sea. to 8s.t; ehoice Danube, Mts to t5e, ; rome. resiAn, &5g to S&it; Brallow, 76s. to Us. ; and Spanish, nominally, 8Ig, to Sir English mailting barley, ISo. to 19s. per quarter;- and grinding, 3Us. to 37g.; beans, 47g. to 45s. per quarter fortne English, and 50s, to L2s, for old; Irish nate, log. to tS.& per 312k frwhitsp and2ys, tO27s. 6dfer black; pear, 5Os, to 04s., for breakers; andls,A to t2e, Per quarter for grinders. REAADING, SAXl. 2G. Sines our last there baa been a. most Peculiar state of weather. In the early part of the wveek the barometer fell rapidly, and reacheri "much rain," and for two or three days the atmospere wams rerp depressed, andunusually mild. A changeooccuredon Thursday,whcn there were heavy stormcr from the S.W., and in the evening thunder man lightning occurred, wvith a hailstorm. The atmos'phere has since cleaed up. aLnd beautiful smnshine has prevailed. Much of the land. Asunder water, but in a few days farmers wfi be able to begi:n their preparations for the planting of beans. The Present unsettled state of the negotiations for peace led to the market this day being supplied with wheat on a limited-scale, only, several holding back in antieipatieon of the tr-.de recvering from the panic wirch marked it a weekz ago, and pricer ag&ai reaching as high as prevailed for a long time, The confidence cC dealers, too, being strengthened by the improved tone of Liverpool nan Mark-lane markets, they began busines by demanding a consderable inereass on tho prices of Iot week: this vas refusedi by the nmealmen, but, as it was evident the former were net disposedl to yield. these who wanted wheatto meet present requirements were copelled. toD purchase, and the advance ruled atls. to 2st per quarter for the, rOugh and inferior quatltes, andesm much as 3st. for the dry and choice Parcels. Trade waratherfslow onthe whole,butstilla fair cle=arac weasNaude Wermust quote wheat (whilte) at 70s, to Sir., andred at Lit. to SOs, per quarter. The malting qualities of barley stil come sparingly to hand, notwIrthstanding the demand for weeks past has been liberal Thle opinion therefore tethat the last np.ofbarleyrnsvery inferior. MWalttete, 'were brisk fis their demands, and sales Proceeded rapidly at an improvement of folly It per quarteron theiast quotations. For thedin. tilling and grindingsorte theme was less animation percepUlble, andthe figures of last week must be reported as being fully suaintained, Malting berley ranged frm Its, to 43s., distMling atS3is. to lies., and g;rinding at SOs. to 3Os. Again the oat stands presented a foil appearance, but, owing to the~ generally badl quality, de-alers are not inclined to speculate at the pre, sent high figures; so thatithsetrade washeavy. The prices arenocob. nally the sanse-Niz., Old Oats, its. to ra, ; newr, 1st. to lit. A large quantity of beans offer, and, though tbey were sought after 'With eagerness, sellers were unable to realize more than the last quiota.- tions, which were 42si to 525. for old (English), au-13ls. to 4Sit for new. Somnesplendid p.arels of old fetched 60e_ The Egyptians w=ereseling at Its, to 42s. There was the usual liberality in the supply of peas, in wrhich a fair. trade was done on temsequally as good as thinday.se'nlght. Tooquotationsaore -wl1te boilers,48G. toils.andOi, ; gnsy,li,tt,4Os,; and maple, 3sit to 4sit and 429. Although the wheat tradle has revived, we here to notice a depression intbeflour-rark-et. Thedemandbhas been clew,and prices3baredeclinedI Sr. Per sack, Households new fetc SIr, and seconds o7g. per sock of 2SOIb. -It inehown bYthe usual offieial returm from therOfice of the Inlancl, Revenue thet a much larger amoumt of businezs was done on the lithe inst. than theweekipreceding. Ofwheattherewere 1983quarters sold.L for.t,IiS 2s. 9.1, at an aergerg of 82g. 2Isd., being 900 qearfez.s aborts that of the former market, and the average price St 3d higher. Therm were 1,18 quarters of barley sold for £-2,573 5&s. and the avenage, wa 3sT. l.1d., oyr 2g. Sd. above that of the week-Preceding. The effect of the rumioured peace in sbownsainthe state of themlarketa in the early partofrtheweek. At Abingdeonon Monday wheat wa,sfl to Os- andl barley 3g. to 5s, per quarter cheapen. Wheat sold at 68g. to75s. andharleyfrom lo,.to37s, neos.aErigo.tea was so great that searcely any sales were effected; but nt WVokingiham on the samae day the pries for wheat underwent n reduction ot' ~6s tots, per quarter, and other grain was Is. to 2St lower. On Wednesday, at Wentage, wheat was 4s. lower and barley Is, to St At BaSingstoke on the same day there was a reduction of 4s. to Zs.& for whetatouofIs. to2s. forbarlcy. At Malduahead farmers couldnut, sell their wheat,bhotthe barley offered realised lower terms, AktHunLgerf'ord,also on thatdaybo,thwheatandbarley were2is lower. Onb Thursday at \Neibury trsdewssdepresseadI,,, adslesgav,e way t,tho extent of is, toSsr, for the best, and 4s, toOt& for the inferior s~orts cc wheat; barley ws , cheaper. At Henleyeonthat day wheat wans,% to 6s., and other corn Is. to 2St per quarter lower. On Friday at Wallingford the firmness of Wedneaday`s London market induced dealera .to stand out for full termls, and business in wheat was done at the prices Of the Previous mnarket. Barley and ether corn however, were. about Is. per quarter cheaper. COLOHESTEII JAss. 28. Business continued suspended in mnost of the early mark-et. of the week in this district, but that in wheat has begrm to be resumed at. the rates held ata later period, and the effect produced by the anneunee-ent that peace is probable is now apparent. It varies how,ever, considerably, influenced to a great extent by the wants of tha. land millers, who in somie cases whollyforbore to purchase, and being short of stock have been comPelled to buy to k-eep the trade going, Hence, while the decline in wheat in some of our markets has been 6s. Or is. Per qiuarter, in others ithbas been only Is. or So. In Our market to-a&y trade was by no means bris; there was a, tolemble supply, and quotations were is, to Is. below those of last week, making 5o. to 6s. Per quarter declinle since the receipt, of the, Peace despatch. In spring corn them wasra fair trade at is to isa, be. low late qLuotatiOns. White wheat, 7it to SOs. ; red, Lit. to 7ks.; barleY, Sot. toil3s,; moiddle and small beans, 43s. to t9ot; white peas, LIe, to Lit.; gray, 40s. toil3s. Yesterday, atChelmsfordl, there was little doing in wheat, the per. Chases being principally confined to the milers the merchants atpre. sent standing aloof; the saPles, too, beng affected by the weathrj, did not come to hand in so good a state. The reduction, however, dieTs not exce ed as, the highest Price for white wheat being Sot.; red, "-e to 76g.- In beans andI peas there was a decline of is. Barley, 29.to Sit ; chevalier, Sit. to 3ts. ; grmnding, 2s. to 33g.; Oats, &tltto2ts, partridge peas, SOs. toils, ; white, 40s. to 5Og. ; boiling, 43g. to SOt dun,SYe'. to 3is,; tick beans, SOt toi7s. ; arrow, 37,s. toSig; 'ag.Z, gan, 3sit to Wit XNORWICH JaN. 26. Here, tO-day thedecline aPPeared tohave receiv-ed acheek-, and the. firmness Of the adViees froM Mrark-lane prodUced considerable effect, There was a fair supply of wheat, and prices inx many instances recovered Is. to Is, per quarter from the extremne depression of lastwrek-.. Thebeot white maieMSr,Per quarter. Barley alsorcvoveredsightly from the dePression oflnst weekc anda fairbusiness wadone,thebest. sort-s being a shade hIgher. - In other corn little doing. P'ricesa Wheat, white (weighing G2ib, to 631b.), tIL, to 5si.; ditto, red (weighing Et01b. to 6311k), 72s. to 7k--; barley, malting (weighing flub. tso 331p, 5 o 42s.; ditto, distilling (weighing 5Sib. to LllMhj, 36o, to lie, ; eat, 30os tolls. per qurter. T-test Averages.-Whent, 3,iila quarters, 1,-s. Id barley., %213i quarters, lit 3d.; oats, 25 quarter, 3fs, ; rye, 3 quarter5s, i. 9d.;. beans, 96 quarter, 4k~ 3d. DUBLIN, JAre. 25. There wasaveryM poor supply at our corn-market to-day, espreially or Wheat, and the demand was entirely confined to immediae warrig Wheat was3Sd.toGd. clearer than onL Tuxesday, and barley and oatasupported tlatday'scurrencieg Indian cornmet avery slew demand, even at a reduction of is. 'Wheat, white Se-, od. to Lig. Gd-. Oatmeal .. 15S 05, to l7g. 0 Wheat.red 3Sls0.Olto 40.Ld. Bakcrs' fion I4s6Ldto Ss,Qd. Barley . 14gs. Odl to 2Os 6d. Indian corn, Oats ., sO& to ItS&d. per 4telb. .. S7s, Od. to41& .Oz. RetUrn Of C-rm and Oatmeal sold and delivree-l at Dubhlin Corn- Exch23nFe for the wek -n,in-N -T- 9
I [Advertisement].-Mr. Bos bes to announce that of the small number of impreasnos taken from the following plater whictldlave been destroyed. he haa none remaining:-TAndsaarfs "Rcarni. feMesawldngEatake's"CristWeeping over.T esslem;" Landseer's "Ssnema ry,'Iin opies(bhae afev on India aper); Iondseer's "Smithy" 7er's "Sanetnhry.7 -maII -ize- Lndlseer' "DeerSta1ke's etur l There oLy bc afwc eepieetm the bands of Pyintaelerr, wMch posslbiMnaybe obtained, if early application be. madeforthem.-467, Ofod-street, Ibondon. IAdvortisecuent.L-The best French Dictionary pnbi1ihe is D-s Voye's Frenh-}English and English-French Dictionary, priotr., Strongly bound..." This dictionary, by DeLaVoyc,- who aS tae lateFrea- Master-at Addiscombe, includes all the military, naval. amd commercial termr, with the grammanioal formationoftbenrey iarverbs, and a eoampendietis key t4 the whc.le. A7ltogether it lIsi asest useful book; aot up with great accrc, and contains avad: *leal o! originalyin its as7sanement.t thatwill prorcatn lp*.otl. who desire to cultivate an intimate knowiedge of the- EngLish aul - French languaes. There is little doubt that itwillbome stanlari bookof educaien.f-London, George outledgeandCo.. -dou. Etr-eet.. TAdvertiesment.1-"Farningforthe Million." By Georgc Glenny, author of " (ardeningforthe 3Mllon, ie 2iow ready. seeend edition. post free for 12 stnps., Contents:-Intro dton-Econom -thelight of COtting Foel, eat. l; the Itight of lasture on comnson Iand; and to; Make the Be?b ofn Isuing-O01 Soils9. Dressing th;e Ground. L-e..-CoPPing the Grounmd-Parsnip and Can-ok -Mangold Warbel-Turnips and 8smdes-otatoea-ts&bbage-Eeanu -S t-~-BRlA-Omaal-O*obbet5Cm-BaekWheat-Pcas_ ' and Haymsna, g-Gas Lad generaliythePlBreediac--Poultgsy wax-7r c7 ukc ic of Fe'w s-Figeony* LCgIdCoj ESgd 7z5e, 3:, B°Rve fseet-SJctrEeet,
ADMIN TSATIPE REFORBM ASSOCA. TION. FALL OF KARS. On Saturday a public meeting was held in the large room e 'Te London TaTern, under the auspices of the Admj. makativetefona Association, to take intoconsideration tho rcumstances connected with the fall of Kars. The room ws wel1 filled, and on the platform was a considerable mumler of the members and friends of the association, awlng whom wee Mr. A. PeDatt, M.P., Mr. W. S. aindsay, 31.P., Mr. Tite, M.P., 3Mr. S. Morley, Mr. Vassiot, Mr. Ingram Travers, &c. The chair was, on the voionof Mr. A.Pellatt, 3LP., taken by Mrr. S. Morley. It was announcedthatletters of excuse fornon-attendance Lad been received from Sir J. Duke, ALP., Mr. W. SWillUiaas, hLP., and Baron Rothschild, M.P. Baron 3tbtschild stated that he fully agreed iu the utility oi the cteeting being held, and the necessity that existed for some £ncquiry being made into the unfortunate circumstances con- eckd with the full of Ears. The CHA£YN, in opening the business, said, objections Wad been raised to the calling of the present meeting with Ieference to the capitulation of Ears; and he was anxious, at the outset, to state that they. had been called together iunply to demand inquiry. (Hear, hear.) They were not there to attack any abaent man-to condemn any one unheard, but to state that facts of a grave nature had been narrated- to them by parties some of whom had them. selves been connected with the very transactions to irhich reference would be made (hear), General Beatson becing one of those parties. It would be shown that numerous aud pressing despatches had been sent by General Williams to our Ambassador at Constantinople, entreating that relief night be sent to the fortress of Ears; but that, though enerals and soldiers-thousands of whom had been lying for months idle-petitioned that they might be sent to Cam out this relief, and *11 this months before the arrival of that season of the year when it is impossible to transport artillery, or move an army with effect in that districtof coutry, yet no succour was provided for the fortress of Sars. ("H Hear, hear," and " Shame!") Now, it might be that the real delinquent was elsewhere than at Constanti. cople. (Cheers.) Without giving an opinion on that point, they Were prepared to submit to Her Majesty a memorial camly and dispassionately setting forth the facts of the Case, andrequesting that afull and searching inquiry should be made into all the circumstances. (Cheers.) The AdmiCtirative Reform Association had been charged with referMing only to delinquencies exhibited in the minor appoint. Inents in the variousdepartments. Now, it wasunquestion. ably the fact that the lower departments of the State were filled with inefficient persons, owing to the impure process iSy which the appointments were made; but they were prepAred to say that in the higher departments of the State the same impure process as goinr on (cheers) and they believed that in an instance like the present, 'where there was a frinzdfeae case made out, they were clearly in the path <of duty when they asked the publiec to unite with them in demanding an inquiry, with a view to the removal of so great a calamity. (Cheers. There was a growing convic- tion on the part of many tlat our diplomatic and consular I arrar.gesnents were such as greatly to interfere with the interests of this country (cheers); that the principle on which the appointments were made was enornonsly wrong, and that something should be done to set it right. (Cheers.) :He would only referto an appointment recentlynmade, for a temporary purpose, no doubt, but bearing on a matter of the greatest moment-he meant the sending of the Duke of Cambridge to the Council of War held at Paris. (Hear.) MEe appealed to any thinlangman in that room whether, if cue-half of the statements made in the public press regard. ing the Duke of Cambridge were true, that individual would have been sent to the conference if he had not been - duke. fCheers.) These were things which the people should think about and discuss, and it was to excite attention towards them and lead every individual to feel that ho could do something towards altering a system that was ruining the country that this association had been instituted. Cheers.) They were told that to move on the present occason was inopportne, because the House af Commons was about to meet. (" Oh, oh !") Now, hoe would frankly state that, for himself, he had vei4 little faith in the House of Commons (cheers), but at all events the House of Commons would do their work all the znore efliciently if they knew that earnest men were meeting and exposing these evils to the condemnation of the country. Niear, hear.) A memorial had been prepared which would be read by the secretary, and for the state tcents contained in that memorial those who prepared it held themselves responsible. Before concluding he wished to make one or two remarks as to the main objects of the nissociation. There might be a feeling of great mdifference on the subject of Admiinistrative Reform, but there could be no doubt as to what the objects of the association were with -any one above the stature of a child. What they meant waas efficient government by means of efficient appointments to ni the departments of the State. They meant merit instead of favour. 'Cheers.) To speak commercially, they wLsl:ed to get ood value for their money. This was what they meant, and no one believed that they wanted anything else. (Hear.) That they had been inefficient in securing their object he admitted, but that they had not been honest and sincere he denied. (Cheers.) He had said on a formerI occasion, and he repeated it now, that the people of this country had the remedy in their own hands. It was because theeople were not faithful to themselves-and he charged this against the constituencies of the countrythat the remedy had not been got. (Cheers.) In certain constituencies the leaders of our parties on both sides-on the Liberal quite as much as on the Tory side-were found pooh-poohing this 9uestion. As had been observed to him by a friend that morning, they looked to the sort of patronage now existing just as a drunkard did to his brandy-as if they could not do withoutit. (Laughter.) Now, that asso-iation wanted to show the constituencies that they could do without it-that if the various departments could be filled by publc competition, weshould be able to do with onelhalt the number of public servants and be more efficiently -served, though we should have to ay more liberally for the services done. (Hear, hear.) With reference to an election -which was at that moment impending, it had been stated as n thig quite incontrovertible that either of the candidates .Who should declare himself in favour of Administrative :eformn'wold lose his election. (Hear, hear.) The present -system of appointments produced two evils. It filled the departments with inefficient men, and it interferedwith the independeiice of members of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) If they could see 25 or, even better, 50 men who would stand on the floor of the House and tell the Minister that they had their price-that their support was to be bought by; eood government and honest legislation, and by grappline With the evils to wiich he had referred in connexzion with publc appointments, there could be no doubt that in time they woud succeed in getting their own terns. (Cheers.) !fhey bhould endeavour to bring before the eyes of thoughtful men throughout the country the duty which they owed -to themselves on this question, and to urge them to come to the determination that if the members who nown misrepresented them were not prepared to take a healthy view of this subject they should try to find otiers who would. (Cbeers.) Hehopedatthe next election for the city of Lonton they would be able tosecure that at least one out of theirfourrepresentativeswould go to the HouseofCom. unons in that spirit-with an honest determination to know nothing of Government-not to impede them in theirproper w-ork, Eutto stimulatethem in the rightdirection. (Cheers.) lhey ought to submit to the constituencies that hitherto they had been considered as direct parties to the present system, and that now they onght to labour to amend it, and if called upon in that spirit he could not believe that there -was any constituency, or anybodyofEnglishmen,whowonld not regret the esistence of so great an evil, and take the 'most regular, the most constitutional, and themost effectual neans of remedying it. (Cheers. fMr. Brown, the secretary, read the following memorial to Her Majesty :- 'The memorial of the undersigned subjects of your Majesty, with every sentiment of loyalty and respect, hum. Xly showeth,- "May it please your Majesty,-The surrender of the im.ortant fortess of saraunderstress of famine, its prolonged *defence, the brilant achievements and heroic endurance of its garrison, the disrgardby youriMajesty's Ambassador at -Constantinople, lord Statford de Redchiffe, ofrepeated applications forrelef on the part of General Willdams, yonr inavestm's comrmissioner, and the fact that, notrithtandint 4mple resources in stores and men w.erewithin easy distance, to attempt was made to convey effectual relief to the be-sieged, have penetrated your men orinlists with the deepest "Y our memoriaEists are crediblyinformed t1at durin gthe unvestin.ent of Ears your Majesty's Ambassador at Constantinople was fully aware of the imminent eril of the fortess, and the lamentable extremities to w%' is garrison wsas reduced. "YOur memorialists have learnt, on authority which they have reason to believe will not be controverted, that not fewer than 36 despatches for aid were sent forward by your Maijesty's Commidssioner, General Williams, to Lord litratford de edcli0e,ffeyettnorelief was sent; nor did your 3fajesty's Ambassador even vouchsafe a reply to a single one ef those lmportant despatehes. "M3rayitp easeyonr=je6ty,-Duringthe two monthsthat the b,rave garzison of Ears was exposed to all the horrors of st!rvation, there was an abundanceof provisions atlirzeromn rrhich., as there was but one position between Erreroem and Ears, held by the Russians-and that of no great ~strtngth-might,without difficulty have been made available for the garrison of s by a relieving force. During the vhole period of the siege thouands of your Majesty' roops. and the troops of your TurkLsh alles, underthe conmiand, ofyu aesys inisters, Ambassadors, and tranorts remained ineffective,f wSie ves eaysad Lientt'toBave compehledthe raisinof megeamlysu Usave reaehed the acne of actiof the ge,mgt easily 'TheTuridl Contingent, raed at a enormous exenae Say idle. A force of 4,0O0 _ah-aok,tne pteraL, BMeateson, Vainly 1:es-Ouht JPM- Majesty' Ambassador to be mnplqoyed, and could -with difclty ofor' wnt -of action. On the 7th Of JTulY General Beatsn Inde an earnest aPPeal to Lord Stratford de Redeliffo to be ordered. ito the relief of ax, and againt on the 14th of August and the 12th of September, 1855. On the 14th of Angus tions were actuay ecnt in the titop*ehensVelveS pra- .hat th:e - might not lie hlaive, but might be sentw i Asis. hea tance oft ery o as eanetlo sumadedby'Generlilai5 h,siosiuo h e stateof aairs, actully reproaehedC:eneral Beatsoith apehy. Of the memorias o G*neral -Beaeon arla the -troopeso notie wtaks. fheenel reoem . ?bss cod,and it Wanot .fil-the-ltter ead <f Sep. nber, 185, that Oinaa Pai , for a long pod detaied Wny want of transports and supples, was laedfothe Crimea aiid sent to the Aatic coast "Thi grievous huffering-and Ices of E0 many brave mene the heavT reverse sustained by your Majets arms, the extremities to -which the garrson of Bass was reduoed, the fact that relief could withoutt difficulty have been fforded, coupled with the statement which has nowhere been contradicted, that the dtapatches from your Majesty's Cormmissioner were tteryneglected, have become matter of indignant comment wherever the power placed in the bands of the enemy by the possession of KEars is understood, or the lamentable details have been heard of its heroic but unavailing defence. "Your memorialists therefore pray that your Mfajesty may be graciously pleased to direct a full and public inqury into the whole of tht cirGuinstances involved in tho t31of Bars."} jMr. GAsssIoT moved the following resolution . "That the ciretiti3ita.'sces which have come to light in connexion with the fall of Bars are such as to call for a full and public inquiry, and that the memorial which has now been read be adopted and signed for presentation to Her Majesty." He would at once aclnowledge that it was with some reluctance he appeared before them, but at the same time he hoped he might not be mistaken. Hefully aeed in every word of the resolution and the memorial wihhad been read, but he felt that he was not at that moment exactly !carryi out the great principle of Administrative Reformthat of aving the right man in the right place. He was a mercantile man, and was not quite sure he was spealdng on a subject which he theroughly understood. He would, however, speak what he had to say in plain unmistakeable language, andin doing so he would state nothing but what had I been discussed in private society-that had been talked of e verywhere, though as yet, so far as he knew, not named !in any meetig like the present. The Administrative Reform Association bad been accused of supineness in not bringing before the public much informaton that had been submitted to them, and though the statements he would now inmake were morally correct, and not in the slightest way exagerated, it was possible that, if not from that platform, at least from the press, an attempt would be made to i impugn them. (Hear, hear.) Humble, however, as his postion was compared with the names he had to bring before the meeting, he would not shrink from the duty he had unertaken. He was one of the trading comMUnity who, previously to this, had been unconnected With anypolitical movement. On a former occasion he addressed them from that place, because The Times-that great and powerful organ that swayed public opinion from day to ayfor good or evil-had pulisheld a series of thrilling articles which roused the most apathetic to their country's wrongs and to their country's shame. (Cheers.) Since then the resultof many montha' anxious deliberation had brought him to the conclusion that the cause of our evils was deeply seated, but that it could be uprooted by the efforts of thoughtful, steady, considerate men, provided these men were such as the public had confidence in and would heartily support. (Hear, hear.) There were two great cvils under which the country was now suffering-one was a growing tendency to shift responsibility to irresponsible rties; the other was the red tape system that pervadea very department, military, naval, and civiL JR-ear, hear.) Our army was divided into two great and distinct classes. In each we had the same bravery, the same discipline, the same high moral and physical courage. One oranch received all its honours direct from the Crown; the other, the Indian army, originally created by the merchants of london, still recruited its officers and men from the middle and lower classes. The "p per Ten Thousand" seldom thought it worthy of their ambition; the one class of officers was adorned with old epaulettes, the other with silver. (Hear, hear.) To a civilan the distinction seemed to be one without a difference but thedifference which had been made in pratieo between the two services had been productive of the most direful consequences to our allies the Turks, and of not a little disgrace to ourselves. The case of Brigadier Mayne, an account of whose death appeared a short time ago in !77w Timzes newspaper, was a fllarant instance of this. Amore dashing and courageous cavahy officer never breathed-he had great experience in leading Mahomedan troops, and when it was first proposed to form a Turkish Contingent in our pay he was summoned from India, where he held an important command, for the purpose of being employed in that force. He remained here some time in preparing for his new appointment, when it was suddeny intimated to him that itwould be necessary for him to obtain the sanction of his Royal Highness Prince Albert before it could be ratified- (Groans.) It would be highly indecorous in him (Mr. Gassiot) to offer any opinion as to whether the sanction of Prince Albert ought to have anything to do with such an appointment; but certain it was that the proposed ap pointment did not take place because it did not meet wi& the approval of his Royal Highness. (Cries of " Shame T") Colonl Shirley, who was then in Leicestershire, was snmmoned to town by telegaph; he was a Queen's officer, he had interest at Court, and he received the command, while Brigadier Mayne returned to India dirited and disappointed. "Lord Hardinge," he had said, when the subject of this scandalous treatment was alluded to in conversation, "is a brave, gallant, and generous officer; he is a personal friend of mine, and he would gladly serve me, but, with the influences which surround him, the sooner he is removed from his command the better." (Cheers.) He had often heard this kind of interferene on the part of his Royal Highness complained of by military men; it had been openly discussed in the public prints, and a facetious hut most important journal had made it the subject of its pen and pencil. No doubt his Royal Highness, by his public ut, his energy, and his refined taste,had identified himsdwith the progrs of social improvemedtinthiscountry(criesof "No!"); but,whenhis name was made the scapegoat for imbeclity and incapacity, then, indeed, it was time for the country to complain of responsibility being thrown on irresponsible houlders (Applaiso.) !l li troduvtion of British officers into the Turkish army was expected to do great things, but somehow or another sueh had not yet been the case. General Williams was appointed Her Majesty's Commissioner with the army in Asia, and in that capacity took a leading share in the defence of Bars, but it appeared that unfortunately that appointment had not met with the approval of Her Maiesty's Ambassador at Constantinople, and here their old friend "red tape" began to peep out. A Turkish loan, as they all knew, had been recently raised in this country, and it might naturally have been expected that some part, at least, of it would be applied to putt:ngOniar Pasha's army into such a state of efficiency as would enable it to assist its belearuered comrades. N-o such thing. " Red tape" interfered, certain forms were declared to be necessary to paying over the money; it could only be transmitted in a particular way ; it remained in the Bank of England, and Omar Pasha for the want of it was forced to remain inactive and see his army decimated by disease and starvation. Meanwhile General Williams, hard pressed in Bars, his 36 despatches unanswered and wonderig to receive no succour either from the Turks or his own countrymen, wrote to General Beatson, who then comnianded the Bashi-Bazouks, desiring him to march to his aid; but the repeated representations of that officer to Lord Stratford de Reddliffe requesting to be sent with his men to Kars were unheeded, and he, to was condemned to forced inacrion. What foUlowed aTl the world knew; General Williams and. his heroic garrison, after defending Bars until they were reduced to the last extremities of starvation, were obliged at last to surrender at discretion to a Russian victor. 5' Shame 11) But it was not only in military affairs that the mifluence of red tape was to be traced; it was rampant in every department of the navy. Two remarkable instances of the manner in which it worked there had lately come to his knowledge. A captain in the navy-a young and active officer, especially conversant with naval gunnery-had made himself acquainted, under very peculiar circumstanecs, with all the soundings about Cronstadt up to St. Petersburg. This vas known to the Admiralty, but when he asked for a command in the Baltic, to which he was entitled, instead of sending him where his services would have been valiable to his country, they despatched him with troops to the Cape of Good Hope. Eaughtr. Wocouldsaywhat2mightnotbhave beendone dSitrC.Napierhadthis officerwithhim initheBaltieinthe first campaign. In the same way they had sent a young naval cadet, who had been at school in St. Petersburg, and who could speak Russian like a native, to the West Indies, where, of all places, he would have least chances of tuminm this valuable acquisition to account, and where he would be soonest likely to lose it. They were honoured by the presenee on the platform of several members of the Legislature ; and, if he might so far presume, he would offer them a few words of advice on a matter of no slight importance. The session of Parliament was approaching, and they would soon be receiving, if they had not already received, invitations from the Premier to partake of his hospitalities. At these political rsunimis, as they were called, the noble Premier's brilliantly lighted saloons would be flled with all that was distinguished in rank, talent, beauty, and fashion; the Ministerhimself-the asperities of St. Stephen's entirely thrown aside-wouldbe all bows and smiles, full of charming conversation on al sorts of subjects-arts, sciences literature, social progress, everything but politics; and a man who entered there for the first time would fancy that he had attained the height of human happiness. iBut it was in these walls that the liberties and resources, nay, even the lives of British subjects wer.e sacrificed-sacrificed to the shake of the hand of a noble lord, to the polite condescension of her grace or her ladyship. (Applause. Then it vwas that members of the Legislature, for the sake of an invitation for their-wives or dau,ghters, for the sake of a ticket to Almack's or Her Majesty'sball, unthinkinglysaerified theirown independence and the interests of theconstituents by whomtheyhad been Eent to Parhament. (Loud applause.) These remarks epplied more especially to the commercial representatives, and it was against this cankerworm of corruption that he wished to warn young and ardent, and still honest. poUticians. The subject of the memorial now before the m Ieeting mnust, sooner or later, comne before the tribunal of Parliament, and it was on t-hat account that hie had alluded to this illegitimate influence. In conclusion, he wou[ld urge i pon the maembers of Parliament now present not to forget tht&ope cmeiveexaminations and strict indlividual TeTns'li] ty were the watchwords of administrative reiform. (Applause.) Mir. &I" vERs seconded the resolution. He belieTed in. the honesty Of P, part- at least of theripresent. Cabinet, and the inquiry which the memorial prayed for would give that portion of the Cabinet an opportunity of exculpatting themiselves from the blame which the fall of Barsha cast upon thema. It would &lso let daylight ino the arrangements of our diplomnatic service and it WOUld, 3nor, than anything else, convince t.he nainof the necessity trewaa for carrying reform into the very highest brnhsof the public service. It was tco the Crown, not to the Ministers, nor to the House of Commons, that theyinust look for this inquiry; the re iiilt would rest oen the highestpersonage in the re and he felt sure that it needed buta forcible expresson of public opinion to induce 5rul*jt, but if hia committeeodid niomaore tlhiitheSebas-' ~O~ceanitte dd. las year it would not Ui~ff'muoh us.-. (Appluse).He~willingto adm~tthatLord-Palmetiston,sinc lil icessin tooffce, ad dne great -deal-to :frther- attlley,,andtosome portionsoftecvlsri, th#a*oitmen oftwosuch judge as M.BrnBawl and f, Jstic Wilee,but, aboeal h bo4tuka heroditary legislation by the elevation of Mr. Baton Parke to a peerage or life only-allshowedthathewas inearneds in his desire for reform. He balieved the noble Lord to be entirely innocent of all participation in the cowardice and apathy which had led to tho fall of Ears, and it was on that account that he wished to give him an opportaity of clearine himself from all blame respecting it. Mr. A. I. BZIAlDS, in supporting the resolution, said that, though he was not a member of the Administrative Reform Association, ha Was an Administmtiye Reformer, and he advocated the inquiry prayed for in the WhIoAal; thinking that the fall of Ears farnished a flagrant illustra. tion of the abuses and mismanagement against which the movement was directed. To discover what had led to this lamentable event they must go back to the very first events inthe "1Tragedyof Errors,' ashecalledthe presentwar. What had caused themassacreofSinope? The repressive action of Lord Stratford de Redeliffe at Constantinople. On November 5, 1853, just before that affair, Lord Stratford wrote home that he had succeeded in dissuading the Porte from sending a detachment of line-of-battle ships and frigates into the Black Sea, and prevailed on it to send orders to Omar Pasha and Selim Pasha to act as much as possible on the defensive; and yet a short time afterwards be wrote home, in language which he must say read more like the fag end of the soliloquy of an assassin than a diplo. inatic despatch:- "Forgive me, my Lord, if in this combination of circtustances, all tending to the same conclusion, I cannot lose sight of public opinion, or of that mature judgiuent whibh later times will pronounce upon our conduct at this unprecedented juncture." An attempt had been made to throw blame upon Omar Pasha, but nothing could be more unjust. Unfortunately he found hinself unable to do anything without the consent of others. By a convention, dated the 8th of May, 1854, he was prevented from adopting any line of action of his own, and was obliged to take the collective opinions of the allied generals on any movement which he ro sed to make. He was not, therefore, a free agent, an? what was the result ? Instead of going where he could be of service in relieving Kars, he was sent to the north-east coast of the BLck Sea, where his army would be rendered useless. (Hear, hear.) He was able to prove that the army was in excellent condition and admirably fitted to relieve Ears. It was unable to go just where it was sent, but it could have operated successfullyjfrom Erzeroum on the fortress of Kar.; (Hear, hear.) What vwas more, the British Commissioner who was employed in sounding the Caucasian tnbes informed them that, even in the event of their aidin - Omar Pasha, France and England would not recognize tSe independence of those States. (" Shame.") It was matter of notoriety that from the tire they were in Silistria the Turkish troops had been prevented from doing anything. It was evident that tbe object was to decimate the a-my of Turkey and to strangle Turkey herself. They had aimed at this throughout, and they would do it to tho end, for the " sick man" must, if pos. sible, be disposed of. (Hear, hear,) And if the terms of peace now proposed were carried out, the climax would be put on their efforts for these terms of peace would divide the Turkish empire. The Danubian Principalities would be given to another Sovereign, and yet this was called preserving the integrity of Turkey. Then, as to the independence of Turkey, fonmerly Russia only wished to interfere for the protection, as she said, of the Greek poplation; but now the protectorate, as it was called, would be quadrupled, provided always the terms now pro. posed were adopted-a result which he could not believe would ever take place. (Cheers.) He did not believe that Russia wouold ¢avo u Ears. (Hear.) Wehadbeen worked oat. L cry of " churabuOoggd."1 Russia would not give up opened the way to our Indian possessions. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible as yet to tell what effect the fall of Ears had produced on the Kurds, the Affghans, and other tribes with which we had to deal-tribes which knew nothing of Sebastopol, though they all knew the importance of Ears. (Hear, hear.) Ears had been deliberately neglected, and the Contingent kept back, or, as T77e Ti7aes Correspondent wrote, " bandied about like a footbalL" (Hear, hear.) General Beatson wrote three times to Lord Stratford de Reddliffe to be allowed to go there, but he received no answer. No one was sent, and Ears was permitted to falL He would not harrow their feelings by describing the sufferinns of the garrison. These things would be told by history to posterity, and they were discussed now by those who had been called "contemporaneous posterity"-tho people of other nations. (Hear, hear.) He did not want to see Lord Stat. ford de Redclffe made a seapat in this matter. (Cheers.) It was quite poosbethat he might have taken a malicious pleasure in all that ie did, and that ho had his own private pique to urge him on. He might have said, as had been alleged, that Williams should perish in Kars. All this and more might be true; but he ndnoidea that he should be made a scapegoat of; he was too old to break his heart like Brigadier Mayne. What we wanted to know was, who sent him there and kept him there ? (Cheers.) His belief was, that somebody else than the ilinister had the reins of Government in his hand in this matter. (Cheers.) What was the Minister for War made for in this country ? (Hear, hear.) Was it to wit ness all these things withoutstrivingtoremedy thesm9 Hear, hear.) From the mouths of the Russians themselves we could learnwhat mighthavebeendone. GeneralMouravieff himself, on the 30th of September, the day after his repulse at Ears, wrote a despatch m which he gave the reason why the attack was then made. He stated that he had been informed the Turkish troops had received reinforcements in the vicinity of Batoum; that the enemy proposed to make a movement on the Gouriel and Akhalbagk, and at the same time to advance from Erzeroum to lEars; he resolved, therefore, to attack the latter fortress on the 29th. This despatch had ap. peared in the Imatiide Etsse, and thus we learnt, even from th0 onomy, what we ought to have done. (Hear, hear.) But in the East everyone said that Ears was intended to be sacrificed in order to obtain dishonourable terms of peace-terms that would cover this country with shame and degradation. (Cheers.) If. we accepted dishonourable terms of peace now, the act would one dary recoil upon our heads, for might not France be tempted at some future day to attack our shores when she saw what had been our bearing and conduct thronghout and at the termination of this war? (Cheers.) The country must know by whom the neglect of the Turkish army was brought about. He could not believe that it was the fault of British generals or admirals, for they were ever actnated by the spmit of brave and generous men. He had heard that after the massacre of Sinope Admiral Dundas wished to revenge the deed, but was forbidden. The great difficulty was to get at the real culprits, for in this country there was now no real responsibility, and c-erything was done under the despotic rule of the secret council of 10 in the Cabinet. (Cheers.) With regard to thefour points? he denounced them as so many proposals for the benefit of Russia. He wished to know what was meant by the "neutralization of the Black Sea?' It was a Gladstonian phrase, but he should like to have arecise idea of its meaning. He was unable to see why key should not have a fleet on her own waters because Russia could not have one also. (Hear.) He believed that the Ministry of this country for many years past had acted as executors of the will of Peter the Great, and, in conclusion, expressed his eanest conviction that, unless a new and better spirit pervaded the people and Government of Eug. land, we should become a byword and a reproach, and the laws and constitution of England would perish amid the scornsand thescoffingofsroundingnations. (Cheers.) Mr. MEBCn supported the resolution, and made some observations in defence of the general principle of administrative reform. Mr. LrsDSAY said, he felt there was as much need of adnnnistrative reform now as when he first appeared on that platformi as one of the originators of this great movement. The reform which they had obtained was, after all, but a surface reform, and one of the best proofs he could I give of that would be to read a letter which he had just I received from an officer high in command in the Turkish Contingent-a bripaelier-eneraL It was as follows:- " The public prints wiTi have informed you of the strange vacillation and indecision regarding the employment of the Turkish Contingent. We were made ready for service early in August. why we were not employed remains, no doubt, to be explained to the country; but the real reason of the delayhasbeen simply this-thehead-quarters' people in the Crimea have evinced a paltry, narrow-minded jealousy of us in consequence of the rank given us by the Government, and determined to throw every obstacle in the way of our employment in the Crimea, in order that we should not interfere with them by superseding them in commands. Had these gentlemen refe= there was no chance of any of us interfering with them, and, even if we had. those men o' any rink in the Contingent have served their country a sufciently long time of hard, soldierlike service-I mean particular y the Indian officers-to give them everv experience and fitness for the suyerior rank bestowed on them bythe Crovwn. And there isanother point, these said gentlemen might have remembered that we have all come out volunteers for the service, and were most ansious to get to the Crimea, or anywhere, into active service, while so many gentlemen of the class who objected to us-I mean the featherbed soldiers, the men of Horse Guards and other interests-were leaving the Crimea and their regiments there whenever they could get away. Nothing has disgusted me s0 much as the unconcealed satisfaction evinced in getting away from the Crimea by some, and the total want of shame displayed-a lamentable want of soldierlike feelin, by no means general, but it exists, and has shown itself, and I would like to see all such men removed from our army. Had General Simpson baAd us, aws he ought, up before Sebas. topol months since, or sent here, he wAould have gained a remnforcementhbe much required of tried, highly disciplined troops; and, had they been sent him some months since, something could have been done here; but the delays and miserable vacillation have causd a fearful cost to the country of at least 60,0001., I am informed for detention of transports alone. This, no doubt, vill be alluded to in the House. There is no excuse for the authorities here. We were amply ready, all men and officers burning for service; our detention in camp abovo Buyukdere was a complete loss of time and force. The Turkish regiments banded over to us are in the highest stateof discpline. Their interior economy of regiments is splendid; their method and hanagement firt-rate- we can't improve upon it. These men only required to bo properly armed and clothed to be perfect; and the British ifficers only requred to beecome aoquainted with their men; andthli they would acquir6 more lcnbledge of in one week on service here than an two months in camp on the Bosphoras. After fooling about until the ond of October we at last sailed for this, and, of course, have rriyedtoo late to do. anything, but will be hard pressed to hut ourselves in and to forage and feed ourselves during the winter. This is the finest forag countr3- in the worl ano had e been seat here amoth even before we were, and our cavalry sent with us, we could have securea and laid in sqiffcient hay 'for ourselves, and alse;,if veqvlred,for the allied cvantise-camp nearSebastopol; butsnoi one hbre seema So have 'had'their ytes,ortheiracuses about them to bave given any d6scriEp tson c-tbioemtrj.'It is lly disagind.amiuoying beyondenduraae te- sch a sldenid-oppoitity siegl'ct'ed. 'Hereehrvevee= kept rtlanA.- y sey- t the A Bos.i phoruforisont s. Hadwe bcen sent even here, *e eould. have don`eonmuuchfor±ho publio service. ; . iti§;wciam now land our_ eavaly; te winter is at hand;`no forae has. been coDected, and the Cossacks are burning the countryspto our outposts at Xertch. It is now a re to brmjig itn, d,st'l v wec ,. an4ve it from thle V-,ao1s Ihave mafted to collect a good deal neur this, as they I doni'tapproaquaiteso neartome. There Las teen nothing to,prevent,long rer this, Xaffi,or Theodoeia,andArabat bemg in our hands. Had these been secured, there is a mnapificent harbour and roedstead in the formor, open et all seasons - whereas this, they say, will soon be blocked up with ice. Once secure theso two places, we have not only the wlhole peninsula of Rertch, but we stop uip one of the grand roads of the enemy by the Spit of'Arabat. 1al and Arabat would have furnished housing and cover for our trooj?, And saved the expense of hutting, and there were numberless other advantagee Whatever you may hear to the contrry, whatever excuses or etxplanations are offered, Theodosia, or Ka& and Arabat ought era this to have been ours. 'The reason why they have not been wAls because our commander-in-chief would not use the troops at big disposaL The head-qunrterg' party at the Crimea objected to the omployment of the Contingent, and, having few troops of their own, the service of the country has been more than neglected in consequence of the narrow-minded, iliberal, tnsoldierlike spirit evinced by those whom the conntry had a right to expect would have shown a better example." After receiving such a letter as that~ though -he might be told that there was more civility to be got at the Admnralty, that the clerks attended to their duties, that the accounts were no longer lost, and that an answer might be got within a weeki or so, instead of three months, he felt there was still something radically Wrong, which must and should be removed. (CheerTs.) t was said that the assciation did not know what it was driving at; but he contended that during the short time it had been in existence it had done much to secure a reform in the different departments of the State. StiU there was much to do. They ouht to take one subject at once, to discuss it bit by bit, to enlighten public opinion uponit,and, finally,tolayameasure beforeParliament to carry outpractically all the changes which they felt tobe desiable. For instance, there was the consolidation of the Queen's andthelndian army, and the abolition of aU thejobbery and corruption in the civil service. Those were two pointswell deseing their attention, andwhich, if obtained nould confer the greatest benefits on the country. It was saidnthat no Governmenteould exist withoutthe ptronage of the civil service;* buthis answecr to that was that no Government which could not exist without that patronaeo ought to oxistat alL. (Cheers.) Another subject, too, w ldeserving of thleir attention was the secret influenc at the present mnoment exercised over the Executive, which he was sorry to say was doing much harm, and which s unconstitutionaL (Loud cheers.) He was not now about to make any charges against individuals, but, as agood constitutional mnt, he was dcetermined to maintain the constitution,whichherespected, andwhichhebelivedIto be the bestin the world. Butit could not be maintained if the Executive, placed in power by the people, was not to be allowed to exercise its own judgment as it thought best. (Cheers.) This was a point for the Administrative Reform Association to work at, and, if they sncceeded in curbing that influence within its proper limits, none, he was sure, would thank them more than the noble lord at the head of the Government, and the honest nortion of the Cabinet over which he presided. 'They would feel grateful to anyone who would relieve them from an influence which was tying their hands, and which prevented them from doing that which they beheved to be necessary for the honour and glory of the country which they goverm. Loud cheers.) Mr. LtWaENC supported t e motion because he felt that the interest of this country had been sacrificed and betrayed by the conduct of the Government. When the war was commenced the general feeiing ivas that we were going to war with the enemy of liberty and civilization, with the murderer of Poland and assassin of Hungary,-not to add freshterritoryto Austria, nortobenefitTPrussia,buttodeliver the world from the aggressive ambition of Russia. 'lThese feelings, however, had been grossly betrayed by Her Majesty's Ministers, and there was not a man of plam common sense present who was not convinced that tars might have been relieved, and our alies, the Turks, spared the terrible blow which had been inflicted on them, had our Government thought fit to do so. To defer as much as possible to the despotic Powers of Europe, to add to the Danubian frontier of Austria, and not to humiliate Russia, if it could be avoided, were the feelings which animated English statesmen of the present day, and which had led to this great disaster. The strong sense, however, of public opimon expressed on that platform would no doubt havc its effect. It might not all at once change a course of policy which had been years in progress, but it would alarm the Ministers and startle even such miserable instruments as Lord Stratford do Redcliffe. (Cheers.) He hoped, at least, that it would lead to this inquiry being granted, and that might lead to something more-perhaps even to impeachbment. (Cheers.) At all events, it would teach our statesmen that we would not be betrayed, that we were Englishmen, and would not be sacrificed to the interests of Austria or Russia. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Dr. CiEL.izCE moved, and Mr. BENN-oCo seconded a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who in returning thanks stated that a bill had been prepared by the association for the reform of the Civil Sernice, which would entirely sweep away all Government patronage. This terminated the proceedings of the meeting.
CANDIDAMES FOR CAMBRIDGE: U2NIVERs.-The considerations which may be supposed to influence the members of the Cambridge Senate m their choice of a representative to succeed Atr. Goulbum are at the present tume more than usualy easy of calculation. Imperial politics are for the time condensed into cordial support of Government in maintaining the firmest attitude during the negotiations that will probably occupy the next few weeks, or factious criticisms on its past conduct, intended to pave the way for a speedy transference of the reins of power to the ardent ptriutisutof Mr. Disraell and the steady principles of Lord Derby. Local University politics are merged in the one great movement for substituting representative institutions for the autocratic government that has for three centuries thwarted the progress and mismanaged the business of Cambridge Umversity. By their opinions and conduct on these two questions must the present candidates for the representation of the University stand or fall, menle the constituency of the University are prepared to sacrifice patriotism and consistency on the or rather to the party names which have taken the place of real distinctions, and mean now little nore than convenient covers for personal ambition. Mr. Denman comes forward with a definite announcement of his intentions or. h these great questions. He will support the Government, whose conduct of the war he admires, in obtaining a safe and honourable ceace, or, should their attempts fail through the duplicity and obstinacy of Russia, in pursuling the war with redoubled perseverance and energy. 31r. Walpole on the contrary-a foUvower of -Mr. Disraeli-will not make any promises on the subject, but1 refers generaUly to his votes in the House of Commons. We know no principle that will explain Mr. Walpole's conduct in relation to the Russian war, except thoroughgoing partisanship, sending him along with the worse section of hisparty, and not with that respectable portion of the Conservatives who prefer the honour of their country to the gratification of party pique or the promotion of party interests. On the University question Mr. Denman expresses himself with plainness and earnestness. He uses the habitual language of a "enuine University reformer, and hits the kernel of the question when he pledges himnself to do his utmost to secure for the UTniversity representative institutions. All we are allow ed to know of Mr.a Walpole's sentimentson this most important subject is, that we may, if we lease, consult his votes. That process completed, we find Mr. .alpole systematically doing his bestfomutilatethe Oxford Bil in its p e through the House; and we are much mistaken ifto his distinguished efforts on that occasion he is not indebted for the zealous devotion of certain well-known residents, whom nothing would induce to support a Unsiversity reformer, unless it were the opportunity of persecuting a heretic. If from these two questions we ato the more general politics of our time, we find Mr. renman professng himself no party-man, and refusing those premature pledges which bmd the representativo to abdicate his jiudgment of circumstances. His principles he descnbes by the now familiar phrase of liberal but Conservative. On the other hand, Mfr. Walpole is bound to a party by the strongest ties. His past career, to wich he appeaLsgrantees his future. He will foUow wherever lfr. Disraeli leads, except when by chance his leader strays into some ethnological liberalism, of which Mr. Walpoleis utterly incapable;though even MIr. Walpole had his errant impulses, when, while a member of a retrogressive Government, he astosmnded his friends by proposing to bestow the franchise on every raw country lad whom the bounty seduced into the militia. Between two candidates whose public position is thus broadly characterized and contrasted, the University of Cambridge is called on to choose, at an important period of the national history and its own development. To prefer M1r. Walpole, would show a careless indifference whether the Government be supported and the University reformed. Moreover, Mnr.Denmanseems to have qualifications that should win strong sympathies from such a constituency as he is appealing to. He united an acadetmical career marked with the highest honours to a personal popularity founded on that mianly character whlch enters so largely into the success in life of ambitious Englishmen. Against there qualifications we must in fairness put his comparative want of political reputation. But the University is not like a common constiuency, which requires the stamp of vugar approvalto befLxed ona man before cerning his sterhg qualities. Mr. Denman is the sort of man excluded from common constituencies til he has-attained high rank at tho bar. He has little but his own distinguished talents to recommend him, and it will be creditable to the University to place a comparatively young man in Parliament, whose talents its own system has trained, whoowes to it his first distinctions, and who wi devote to its interests the unbiassed judgmentW and unfettered energy which are not to be ea,pecXed from,' a party man however respectable his character, however fluent his oratory, however successful his political career.-Specaor. Too MuCH ASD Too LrrmE.-The mate of a transport at Balaldava has been fogged for drnankenness, by order of the Provo arsaL It appearsto befarfrom ertinthat the man was drunk, a natural stammer havin been taken for the defective utterance of intoxication. The case was thus only one of strong suspicion of drunkenness punished with the cat-o'-nine-tails. But assumin that it WaS proved drunkenness, let us compare the punihuient with the treatment of the same offence an the ,part of the elergy, who should be of otr- patterns of conduct in the ecclesimtical court, which we have lately had occasion to notice. The charges in those instances were of habitual intoxication, not of Angle cases, ind the ready excuse found by the Court for the vice was that the rev. defendant *a led into it by a kind and social dispointion. The Provost rshal at Balaklam diseovered no suh extenuating circumstance in the mate's caIe it was -ough --that -he found ihni drunk, br seeming dinn 'a'nd he-lbgged' him accordingly. If the culprit .d been a clergysnAi.- steaid of --ships mate, how 'muoh mnoro indilt17 h offence would have-beentreatd.i- if, en ths e6& 'I.. efrev. rector, those habitual drunkenness the -rch, 'Couitso indulgetly ascribed to his amiability, h-ad-he ihn 'the place of the mate, in the hiidsof the Pro6o't alal, ii-1w he wenidliave sarted'or his cups. CerWyit-w*61 seem that the church would better for a, ttle of the Provost Marshal inits discipline as regards drunkennwas and tht the army would not bethse wrorse for som cf thi Ilt*s ctoy of tlhe Ahe; Oourtd.-Exenminer
STATE OF RAAi;E. -MANC-HMT JAR. 26. We have ha oderately act-iv marketf4 both cloth and yarns thismorning, and.prices arer N,eady. The un has een a tolerably full one throughout the week -le , ueday; but the supply and demand are tto o ce balhnoCd to enable manuacturers to obtain the full advah,0 upon t.eir cloths which should compensate them-for the increased cost of ootton. They are able to command bltter rices than the3r were a fortnight ago in some kinds of fabries, but not in most of them an advance that is remune. rative. They have in some cases obtained, perhaps, lAd. per lb. on shirtings and printing cloths, while s. sinnrs hive realized from id. tot i.pgr lb. on yarns of all dinds. Heavy" domestics have met with a moderate demand, and some kind& of long-cloths have been very aeable. The demand for printers 1s mostly confned to a f avort t . es l3hirt^na'.ad madapollams ha1 e _ ei avondae maires sllJatte oftloin. F?or yarns there liabeen agood deandr fromu manufactnrcrs, and 30's pmi cops ancl2O's to 30's watertwist for export. India qualities have been less in request than most others. B3MIIIG A , JAw. 26.' The general state of the fron trade in South Staffordshire and East Worcestershire is xeported to be good; and, although some little amount of ut:derselling prevails, it does not affect in any mxateral degree the market for the best descriptons of thO staple article of these districts. The fct is that the prices of rawnmaterial and labour prevent any makers, except they are extremely needy, from running under current sales; andthe fact of their doing so, if mnown, attaches a stigma which it is most desirable to avoid after recent disasters. The pig makers maintain their prices i stone is as dear, if not dearer than ever ; coal, rather than declining, as it is stated to be doing for domestic purposes in London, is in great request, at hinh rates, andlabour to bedependedupon is no cheaper. Under tA eae circumstances, and takhng into consideration the increased demand for iron for home consumption, as well asposJsibly the increased spring requirements for the United States and Canada, no person can reasonably anticipate a reduction of the quotation adopted at the last quarterly meeting. The dispute between the ironmasters of South Staffordshire and East Worcestershire and the railway cornpanies with respect to the proposed increase of freightages for the conveyance of goods continues, and, unhappily, as faras we can leatrn, assumtes a more se-ious aspeet than at ft-st was anticipated. The charge from Garston or Liverpool to L this stsct willhe an advance from the priceof conveyancenowcharged, . d., to7s. od. perton. Thisisconceived to be an extraordinary exaction, not justified hy circumstances, and placing the iromasters of Staffordshire in a position of geat disadvantage when competing with their formidable rivals in South Wales. It wil act almost as an entireprohibition upon Ulverstone and other northern ores. It is encouraging to find, notwithstandig the recent depression of trade, that the traffic upon our local navigation. continues to maintain comparative prosperity. The withdrawal of business by the construction of competing lines of railway must, of course, be taken into consideration, and the operation of severe seasons has, at particular times, an injurious; influence upon the returns of canal companies. But, notwithstanding these drawbacks, the Old Birmingham Canal, which runs through the centre of the maufacturing districts, as shown by its report this week, maintains its position; and when the new route projected through the Nletherton tnunel is completed (the works of wihich are just commenced), there is little doubt immense faeilities will be given to the increasing business and trafico of this important neighbourhood. BIy the establishment of this route of canal it is calculated that the conveyance of coals from the west of Dadley to Birmingham (where an immense quantity is consumed by manufacturers) will be Is. 6d. a ton less than at present. The various branches of trade and manufacture in Birmingham are represented on all hands to be improving. The exportations to Australia, after two years of depression, are improving, and the dearth of orders which for a long time was noticeable in the Brazilian trade has latterly been succeeded hy substantial co ussions for Birmingham manufactures from Bahia and Rioi., These may be taken as favourable indications of future prosrity, and, if the war should be concluded upon honourable terms, our merchants are sanguine enough to expect an overwhelming trade with n.ations nearer home. The factors of the town, most of whom have now agents throughout the country, speak of the orders received satisfactorily. In the country towons of the north, where credit during the past year was doubtful, afiairs wear a more hopeful aspect. Stocks of almost all descriptions of hardware have for many months past been extremely low; ironmongers generaUy, owing to the uncertain prices of material and the possible change in Birmingham discounts, refusing to give orders to any considerable extent. They have learnt a lesson. Raw materials of all descriptions have maintained their price-some have advaned. Birmingham disconts are generally in^ stea quo, and now stocks muust be replemshed, inm some instances at advanced prices. Wth regard to bra£s foundry, more particularly, there is little chance of any reductionstrom the existing lists; andpresent discounts are likely to continue for some tune to come. Fewer chanuges were made in travellers' lists previous to the commencement of their present journeysthan have occurred at a similar period for the last two or three years. For some descriptions of hardware there is at present a good demand, and ourchiefmanufacturersarewellemployed. Edged tools areg,reatlyinreqest, anda largequantibyundlerorderfor exportationtothe w est India colonies. Theho}lowware trade is mmproving, and the workmen employed in this branch are not so entirely dependent upon themanufacture of the munitions of war as they were a few months aago. The fire-iron busitness, whichisthe almost exciusiveemploymentof artisans residing in certain localities of Birmgham, is scarcely so brisk asat the commencement of winter. In some slops work is extremelyslack, and the masters, for the goods they do produce, are compelled to accept almost any prices the "slaughterers," as they are termed, mayoffer them. Inferior qualities of these articles are at the present season, when the winter trade may be said to be draving to a close, seling at ruinously low prices. Implements of husbandry continue to be in good demand, and are sent off in great qantities, particularly to the southern and western parts of NO1TTLGHAId, JAN. 26. The demand for hosiery suitable for the home supply has been fairly sustained throughout the week- and, as far as we can at present judge, there is every probability of this year's spring trade proving considerably larger than that of last year. Mfanufacturers are generaUy fuly employed, and a fair amount of general business is doing. or circular hosiery, shirts, pants, and wrought cotton Aose the demand continues steady. In the woven glove department there is very little doing, although there is a slight improvement on the long depression that has existed; but there is not a tithe of the business transactilg in this branch that was usual in former years at this season. The deficency, however, is more than made up by the manufacturers of warp fabrics for cut gloves; and the framework-knitted glove hands thereby throam out are absorbed into other branches of manufacture. Vi)n the question of labour we are satisfied that Nottingham will bear a favourable comparison with any other large manufacturing town. The wail of distress has never been heard, even during the dullest part of the season. The Americans are expected to commence fall operations in about six weeks from this time, and, judging from the reports we have received from the United States, and the prospects of our home spring trade, we believe that our workmen wlvl be fully employed, at least until Midsummer. Stocks are low; the tendency of cotton is to rise in value, and, should the war be reaUy about to terminate, the demand from every quarter will be such as to cause prices to advance upon ali cses of hosiery. Though some of our lace manufacturers, particularly those engaged in the fancy branches of the business, appear. disapPointed at the manner in which the spring trade is opening, others, and very large houses, report a fairld- . mand for goods, particularly for plain nets, both for the home tae and for exportation. Further orders continue to be received from the United States, and a good many Germans, now in the market, are making purchases much as usual at this season. During thelast mont severa advances have been made upon the price of plain nets, and prices are expected still to rise as the prospects of peace become more certain. ILICESTER, JmN 2G. The fancy department connected with our hosiery trade is more quiet tttan it has bcen for some time past, and very little is doing in the glove branch The demand for regnlar hosierg for home conisumnption is dull, and goods are semlia exceedingly low, taking into consideration the high price of wooL Employment is becomaing still more scarce;- some heavy contracts are, however, expected for the Goverrnment, which will enimate the labour-market. Wools are-on the advance, good average lots of English wool realizing as much as 33s. ported. In yarns the market continues fim at the late rise; even at these rates spinners are uwilling to engage orders for future delivery. 1ESI J:K. 2G. There is no particular feature of change to notice in the state of the woolen cloth trade since this day se'rnight. The tone of the trade continues firm, andmnufa.cturers are slightly increasingttheir work, while merchants and buyers geueraily operate with care, but to an extent notmuch, if anything, below what is usual at this season of the year. The uncertainty which still prevails as to the negotiatious for peace, coup led with the near approach of the opening of the session of Parliament, tends to cause hesitation as to bargains, contracts, and orders ; and, as was observed in our last report, until what we may caU the present crisis has v:edaway, thejwoollen trade is not expected to be very svely. To-day's markets in the cloth-hall have partaken of the same feelng which we have indicated as that of the trade generally. There was a good attendance of merclants, but they were not very eager buyers; yet, in the aggregate, a good bulk of cloth was sold, more being removed fromi the haIls after the close of the markets than might have been anticipated. The largest purchases were those of tweeds and liurht coeds. Thereportsfroin'uddersfiem and Holmfirthths rweelare satisa.ctory. There appears to be an improvemient inz the demand for many classes of the plain,-mixed, and fiy? woollens produced in those towns and their neighbourhoedt and the operativesare in bettei epsdjythbnm they -iee a. few weeks ago. The'report of the Halifax malrke to-dy states thatool is firIer and pries have ann pward tendency, and tbatalsa for worsted and yarn iniDrcwea cies are demanded. The worsted trade at, redfo con'tiues.in a mod6etely good'condition, there ing a.fair seasonable dewAd for piece goods- Yarns are iprOvig in price, ooowejunt chiefly on the inreci the prees of combin4 wools'. .A good deal of anim ,n ba been experiened sA the'-Ioo s,rk.et (but an entirely.for combing wools) sauce:Wed Leeday:last1wie T qir 9Thn made known th fact that W siewltasaffsor tliimportation of wool mtoFancee and for ithe premiur.orlaounties on woollen goodT exportedT fCF Fiane hsvl boa puzbishedi.n the 3fonitesur.' , A* -4sorde eroneoua-.nersions of*the new tajilsaveboees ptlblved, a correct tsasation 'of the :origuinel document is- ' MN SOALZ op Duriirs 0 Wonr Aw WooL-i GOODS I;!5POsiTD ISTo FRAECE " The amounts stated are the duty on 100 kUoSrammes. Woois i mpored by Sea.-In grease and skdn (c suint or prelais 4 la chra 1m) cnurln quarlXsw in FIVen^Fhips, from coumtries out of Europe, 5f.; in the same from elsewhere, lOf.; in foreign vessels, 1f. Forfine qualities, 5f. to be added to each ot the hrezoing three classifications. " Wmsed Wools Imported y Sea.-Oommon, in French imps, from countries out of Europe, 10f.; from elserhere, 20f; ni foreign ahips, 25f. Fine qualities, in French ships, 1rpam countries out of Euroe 22£.500.; from elswwhere, 32E. i50c , in foreign ships,. 37f.'50 q \ hc ssme duties as vool imported in Fren ship * mo x--tries not contiguousthe same duties as on wool imt CO° g in foreign shipping. P0rTY. 'Is w9rth awt most If. lOc. when in grease, and 3f. when wuh4 Pe? ISFue 7' a1on be vonsideze4 i. common wo'lh Th decr# of dhe th of Ay, Ikt -a the i4th dt April, 1855, re.ive tc, the tariff of wools, are and remain unre sled. " case of dispk4_ the Cus1oma-1o11e authori. ties and the parties lid I fb s said wool duties, the sworn commissioners of tho Go f . will decide, in conformity with the regulations laid do*kC 119th article of the law of the 27th of July, 1822. " The premiums or bountietrc& l to the eXportatioi of woollen yarns and tissues s.rer fte in the ollowing manner:- "Yarns of pure wool, if scourz6 Ff. Conmns, from Stto IfAO . a Idlog incI do~ . . o. . Middling, from above 4. W. to 6f. 5ee. in7tivcl' . . line,fromaboreGf.SOc.xsSlg.incluirely . 1W " If not scoured:- Cmenou. frmIf. Mo. to3£LP ;a kilos. indnashl . 3 .. 2 i3ddrng, fiom above 3f. 6s,. V'5Lt 2D)c. a kilog. jjlusiLtby ,. 1'iars; rom above 5L. SO alcllc ihfesirely. .*$ PktbS ads of wool and xlkl Cortingae leat 6-ffCr cent,.c Threlaf of wool and ailk ;;ihs, F sustnces t at least one-half .ool..g -Tissnues, felts, hosiery, and3 t issDe Of piti' wool Z-. "Clots nd kerseyeres, Ritssues anX fulls-:CoomoAn,.femn4t to9f. a kilog. inclusitMs .. *.. 7 Ailddling, T abovre 9£ to 18f a kilog. fii1dcively ., 105 Fine, fromabore 18f. a dlog. inciugively "Light tissues - Common. frono3. to8f akilog. inclusively .. . 60 lddliug, frons1Lto 1Sf a iLog.n mclusjve- aS Fine firom above 15£ a kilog. inclusively. . ... 5 Blanetie ng and swansii:- Common, from 2f 5Dc to .t 50c. a kilog. inClnsiv!,y 4; 3Middling, from above Cf. 50c. to 1D£ a kulog. inclcaireb .y FIne. from above nf. aklog. inclusively "Oriental hosiery - Common, from 1DLV taIS a Ilo_ indcusively ..- .. Blidling, from aioirD6Lf to 2f. a Ilog. inclusively .. 1 mne, from abovo Sif. a kilog. incluielr ... . _ . . "Ordinary hosiery, fne tapestry, light gacds; and ettpeting of pure wo -- Common, from3t. to et allog inclusively'.a. rine, from above Sf. awkilom. inucluirely .s. " Tissues mnixed with wool and other anateri&i-i- li'senes of cotton or of aat's hair or cameVs hair, with orwitA out the addition of sMlk.where the wool forms more tiantvi- half of the rnaixtme, aDdwth at least 3L ra kilo. . . _ . 35 ralneso 0 cottaono?ny, t*ewoolnot formc gmoreth&ant>half," and worth at least2f. Aot aklog. ..25 iits, of wool and silkcomalainig atleast l5 per cent, of wooli. W-! LGiiBSnOf Wool ndsllkflesCDtalningat leASt 60 per oen_ oE- wool .. " Shawls.-As the tGsues of which they consist withia:. aition, for figured shawls, of 30 per cent., if the figuring. covers at least a qiart-r.of the surface of the tissue, and:of 60 per cent. if it extends over at least three-fourtlis -of! this surface, per 100 lIilog. "Ready-made Articles of Clothing the set of 25 klo:o. at the least).-As the tissues of which they consist, analin s deductibn on account of linings and all materials used in the mIking, but whiclihave no right to the bounty. " General Regulation.-The export bounty will only be allowed on yarn and t5sues of wool, pure or mixed, ofwhich the quantities shall call for the awarding of these said bounties, to the amount of 1f. at least. "Provisional Re"olatios-The bounties awarded abovashall not be applicableuftil sixmonths after the date of thay present decree. " Penalties with regard%to the Bounties.-Wlth respect to.. irawbacis and bounties- the penalties anno0nred by the Erticles 1 (section 2) othe law of July 5, 150; 10, of theY aw of May 6, 18M ; 4; and 5 of the law of June 11, 1845, shall be enforced Eereafter in every case where the swomna Dommissionars of the Govezrment shall have found inaccu,-acy in the declarations, even -when no of ficial report or conservative dced shonld havo baen previously drawnm up by the. Dustom-souse agents. ' Nevertheless, w,ien.yasns and tissues of wool, pure or mlrixed, are to be sent as-expete, no penalty is to be inflicted :vhen the reductions prononced by the swom commis- .ioners of the Govermiaentsbaal not lowrer by inorethbn oner - Ilass the products, the bounty on which is calculated on the weight combined with the value, or when the decisions of the said swoom commissioners shall not show that no bounty $t all is due." DhlBLf', JA-s. 26. Trade has been rather more active this week than anyv wreek since the Christmas holydcays commenced, but the improvement has not been accompanied by any increase it prices. The prospects of peace-ill-defined and uncertain though they bc -have exerdsed a considerable influence on some of the markets-those for corn, tallow, &c.-and prices have gone down without promoting business-none save the most necessitous, being disposed to purchase in hep resent doubtful position of the war question. There has been in London an increased demand for su3ar, but without any corresponding.increase in prices, whiech only advanred a shilling or two. Here the demand is stil slack, and bnsiness accordingly continues dull; but we are still of opinion that prices will not go much lower this season. In Smithfield, on. Thursday, there was but a short supply, thin attendance, and consequently but a dull market. The prices of provisions have not maintained the improvement of last weel. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 28,1171., aXa'ist 21,1957. last week. Thefollowing is an abstract of duties received at .he port of Dubin for the week ended January 19:-Tea, 11,922. lis. 3d.; refined: sugar, 702!. 4s. 9d.; muscorado sugar, 2,157p . al s. lDd3; coffee, 1521. 6is. 3d.; wne, 2,4717. l8s. ld.;* spirits, 529. lls. 4d.- tobacco, 4,273?. 15s. 3d.; timber, 40?. 2s. 7d.* misccellaneous, 192e. n. The Stock-Exch nge has been active, if not ex. sited, during the week; anda ulpward tendency has been maeintained in the stock and share market, in spite of the ncertainty of the spirit-i .which w1ssia has received the Austrian proposals, andf thesopinion of a great manc that her acceptance of them wpts-nether sincere nor honedth BELF?AST, Jan ". Li en.-The sinentradehis been very steady in all depfartments for the past ten.diass ite goods were modc-ate in stock at the co-gancemcnt of the year, and a host if locawnwd-other circumtaces tendedto teep preductionsi Irom the, loom dlown to a. point which scarcely -eqalleda. ;lemada; ths-madrketsatniomne and orders for abroad were, Bu some deWree, anspptlied from stocks held over. Bleachings Iperations ar well keptsup at the several fields aronund thin- eighbonrhood. The sales of. brown linens eontinue fair forPhe season, and-for certain classes of goodsi a sliht turn in. tavour of sellers was gained in course of last weet. . mie lawns, w.hether those required at tho printfields or-. nich as arc made for handkerchiefs, are a good sale. Demand or such goods has been active alltheiseasonat the markets at :Boston, INew York, and Jhiladelphia; and the stocks held inthese cities are such as- to arrantthe conclusion that the spring trade will prov still more active. Ballynens. enSaturday,f as nlOti so.briskas theformer market;- a Large amount of goods-was shown, but the number of viebs lisposed of did not-equer the expectation of holders. fatx s b gave been velyqtiet, except in the department of fine .warps. Prime qualitier- of 120-lea range from 6sa. l3; to DS. ld. per bundle. Fradl-There-waslabeeter supply lastweek inthe s arkete thanoeThave had for tso last three weeks, without an -hange in prices. The demand still continuesg oodeforsal winds. Incootehil1, 7bens. Ballybay, 80; Cookstownd 1t; ,oleraino, 6g Meonaghn, 5; e e nagh, 35: Aohmacy 30; 7andragee, p , Bablyeroney, 19; fbeost, 3. overage prices.-MoIl-scatched, 7s. 6L to kls.; band do., in e d to 8a. InBalticflax fewstranactiots have taken plaTe. The nominal value of PCMis 4TI.; other marks in proprtion. pileoseedn-Thedprice of this article has notben fixed sither for Dutch or Eisa. Some quantity of bcth have aleady arrived, of good qulity. Should pear., bse estapolished there is every prospect of the sowing oi faxhr ee beong very lari thistyear, as althe arguments thtwin favour of an advancein mt nnfacturei, while cereal crops must rntadually declin, after a good hariest, to metrgooderat, -ates. =otton.-Thres epets of the American cotton crop arle licely to exceetii twalr-e fiTore the higtaew ectimates formed some heeks a es m dvices sta`toat the total will reach 3;500,00xbaleM This is conside-d; beyond the largest aggrgate rver produced in the IThited States. Srom the great increase of coasumptienx in Lancashire, and the prob.able demaund for fibre eg,t the continent, tshe yield. of Arerica is not likely to;interfere wfith current pricesW East India cotton h ,been largely exposted for England, and the land of sOrpt has last year p reduced full cropss of the same fibre. jI tjes are therefore so.far-satrsfactory, and we feel aeiYed that, wvith soresent prospects., the demand in these-ijaude w,ill absorS ala. enoraious quantity of rawf ateri^a t The newss of peace-. hlas nQot yet given any newv spirit tstthe market for goxi, but, the opiin is that it 'will u^c. $geat demand fun, finished mslims in all the foreig£ppts. High prices-for cab and hij rates for corn, hew. bseen greatly ag~o.. :thc progresa cof the cotton trade Qgo,. na we4ll as in othber seotes of manufactre, The pro ety Thserefore of c1bep m-arkets £ecr these articles musat.dga~for The mpote. *-a9nt of this department of tra4 ,ias,the north of Ireiand.
LOZVDO?gr MOIDAY, JANM RY28j 1Z6. The seat of the fcthconiing regotiatims is to be Paris, andi the, reprnsentative of' Greatr Britain at the conferencea Iosr CLAsxEqTolN'j. Ih neither of these arrangementst i there an;FSiling. atiwlwhich measonable persons have- any right to, cavilh. The convenience off the' We*tern Powcsna appeam to have been consulted; by Fding on taie continental capital of WVesternm hTire, and we trnst that. one more Peace of P3ris is di-stined to be addec too those which already d'erive' their name. from, that ancient and ill-tmious. ciit. The substUittiont of li ordi C uneno fbr Lor?ALPmsro-zds"certainly ,jistified by preeedent and probably a ;Si;te necesaityt. nor ha& thle country any right- to. repine at the' choice of' a- stateaman who has alua.ws proved' hi3nself fially eqwls to every, situation. v.hieh he han undertaken, who is srell versed ir diplomacy, w-ho, avoidrAj with equal1 ol;ill and res3ition, the- pitfalls spread for himn by our reareant Plenipotentiary at the Congress :of .Vienn a, and who unites to his otheer qualities the tact of a gentleman and: the spimib of an Xbglishman; Miz- scene of negotiation fs; also brouglit so nearb. railway andI telbgraph tae London thoa itwill be' easy-for Lord CAitrENDOw to confer wiih- his. colleagues on any point of o-ficulty that may arise, aad' to bring to, bear on ecrry questioiz:the immedinate authority,oflthe whele British Cabinet, whiletie Cabinet ofFRance wvilth enjoy a still more immediate communication witha its represertative. Asno plan is wholly free frcm difiiculties, one cannct. help rememb3ring that, im,Lroportion asthe place of negotiation. in convenierh. to the Western. Powers, so is it connected only by a land rcite of many days with the Court andl capital of the Empeivr of RlJssIA.. We are not -anaware that-thiis-very. ciicumstance was artfully u=-rned to her- own purpese by Russia. in the Congress wshick assembled; at Vienna Iltt spring, -,ien it suitediiher to iuterpose dela,' before the fi-aal rejectioir of; the offers. of the allied: Powers, a=&di that Baroei BRuNow.-nay at any 'it'ie plead thsa insufficiency' of his intiv,ctions aand the neceseity of appening for &trther directions to the Goiernment wvMi: he repesents. We cam only hope that it may not be the caue, ancd that R=.ssia,niay be -wise enough to see thil Ji the presenk temper of mni's mninds Mlay is mlos inexpediant, and that eirny attempt te,drag ovir.the proceeditgs to an unzecessary langth wcsi1i be the signal for an abi:upt tenninatiw,ot the conforences. -Next to any deriation fron4,or relaati;on of, the tems already rnaderstood to '4-agree.:uVon there is mothing whice- the Westerm. Power& hIr-e more to dbead than nagotiations protracted to.any consideralDle length. MTe enormcss cost of he arnnaments which muse be kept en. foot, tb. unnecessary. ,waste of iuman life, the irrRiation of feelings already siauciently enmi-ttered by the risk of ellision to Aich every &y is exposed, and the probable usie made of an armistice by an eugry grievoru* pressed by the want of all the luxies, and sti3 more of the necessaries of. life, Ad&plead loudly;for. a speedy decision of the issue d-" peace or wa. . There iL yet anxother considera*iw, of a verw delicate and very important natt,ce,!, which ovght not to bib lost sight of among th-consideratijns which plead for a speedy terminvios of the xaeaty. We have not shrank from e'iposing with the utmost freedom and fulness tllz manifold defects of oiur military system and to iniefficiency Of all the deparTments that iuinister to it; but thilI we may say with pride, that, whatever be the defecLs of our system or the falnuis of our shd eamawship, the standard of oxur political iaorality is high, and there is not a public man am=ong its who does not come fully up to the Iighest yequirements of that stanidard. Not only are the hands of our public men free from adl pecuniary corruption, but there is, not one of them, we firmly believe, in the slig,htest degree involved in theo taint of transactions bn tho Stock-Exchange. The earlier and superior information- necessarily. possessed by public men gives opportuinities 3f amassing dishonourable wealth, which here, at least, are contemptuously disregarded. We' 'wish as iauch could be said with truth of all public men. is it not notorious that elsewhere large suis have been staked on the return of peace ori. iiiformation thit must have been procured by some- meanis ,or other that peace was by no means sofar'off as seemed pr6baiBle? WluM t Ministry, with.-the exception o£f mnr on, cai 'oa^tfto be -whollfe fo'hi tar 'an pe.ce, 'theiwelfaa -of:natns, th.detint :Qf -pe thefusu?relibetie of the world5 are else- ere influe 'nced in this our dagenot soniuch bythe principle f c ernAjuI . aUd thQlVie ' f an enlightened andi farsighted policy as by the - alceulatiionof differen.es 'and tie nse a Od fag of I the-publie securities a it be necessary; in ordcer to suit the pecuary aiTncr.3ients of some trading politicians, that prelmiiarie3 of peace shoul ba .signed, no *obstacle. ,wm be-aiowed *ta interfere with their signatu4re, and it may well be that-the prospect of s second operation, fouinicedOn 'a sdMeeI fill of quotations, may lead to pressmf.v objeffionF and interposed delays, wiich may, indeeci, facihit advantageous purchases, but may also'aL-e .t .probability or frustrate the possibility -of pe&WZ Three per cent. more or less is to.some -melf lmore than - honour, than patriotia ' ;tl oceans of tears, torrents of blood, or m'ouni-- tans of slain. To put an end to this dis-ra ef a7r trafficking in human life and in national honouyz would be another and' most welcome r&att_ of the speedy termnination of the negotiationz.'A Enough of scandal has been occasioned alreadyjand we Imow not to what imisebiefs a repetition. of., the spectacle to which we have alluded inight' lead. The press of Franceo has commented with somaseverity on the conduct of the English press in not-' immediately grasping at the offers' of Russia, as if they -were absolutely equivalent to the conclusi6ir of peace-in canvassing freely'the probabilities -of a favourable termination, as if it-were the desire o£ the English press to throw obstacles in the way ofE the coming reconciliation. . We have not, i-- deed, thought it our duty to betray an impolitic andindecent eagerness for the cessation of hostilities, or to encourage the aggressive tendencies of Russis by proving our anxiety to be freed from the heavyg infiction that she has brought upon the world.. We hold that in the negotiations for peace a great :nation is bound to preserve the same steadfast and unflinching resolution as in the very midst of war; and, as she would not shrink from the one because it is terrible and repsive, so sbe ought not to Sling herself heedlesaly into the arms of the other because she vh attractive and alluino. ]Dnt we believe it will be found that, slow as;we have show.a ourselves to entertain the con'iction that the wrar is at an ead, we are as anxious a anyaone, not for the immediate prormise, but for tiie: absolute realization of peace, and that we best comsult our ow-n dignity, and best in the long ran secure the isness of our aimas and our negotations, by starling firm tio the ground we have taken up, and reservir. our congratulations and; rejoicingsfoT the time wlien the belligerent Powers shand have exchanged the ratificati.cs of a solewin ana binding' treaty.
The Associstion for Admiinistrativu. Reform was, like many others, the resstt of ani sft-recurring English delusiesr. The first step in mgard to an abme in this cor.-try is to mneet and denounce it; the mext is to seek for some c%gganizationi by which ito destruction nry be attairedi. Severr2 leagues andt aocieties ha"ua been famous in our political histom,, have accosplished great thingsj. zad madet their- founders powerful men. Eence theidea of an association natzmally occurs to the ch.l.mpions who-stai; forth to-combat a powitibal evili Bat it iWnot every senti-ment -which can'bear thl imrmediate' embodiment. Where a definite object is contemplwhed, such az;-ghe repeal (athe - som, Laws orthie'Union, the cause&.good or bai%.can, no dbubt, be well adftnced by an office, am oomxittee; a secrtmy,. monthly mee-ings, and and arteA soirces. Thel end;tt-be attainedc. the meanis ts-be usedF,are patemt ;- every man is, either a :Izitisan or.- an. opponent4 arl the whole-is a mattez-of.aye or- no. The feeling, however, wvYlih has givmnbirth.tothis Asso-iti6onisby no means so simple.. Men thinithat they ha=e not a faiir chance in: their native countTT,. and oompare their own r.ospects with the ceaer: whfich is opea to geniun' even. under. CzAiszand GCmmns.. Liberty of locomotion andl liberty-oft gaining property. do not u.mmup all. tlherights which an individualt mnay fairly claim. iruux his cominunity, and yet to these nimu- the desires.. of an. average- Ehglishmlni be restricted.. The" old. shade of aristocracy" is not. an, empty' ex-pressiin, and' its existence is denounced; as.a serious- grievane. e But this feelihg,. if£ it. is- to, end- ira more than a. mere grumble,. mustrather. iinfluence the actions of' all. soci;ties, politic3E or comnmnercial,. than be- formiized inlto. a soeiety of its own.. It Is-of-no-tze-to have n=eetinge- to' enforce gencraD truths,-such as-that.ehusshsgonernment is-bad, arAithat tho-right man should.be-put in ths-right place.. MLee the Admininrativoe Reforn Asgociation. has laen; on the whole,. a, filure, vrhile the principleait advocates. are- every day mors. widelA, recognized. On, Sturday this& bod- held a.ieeting, after a- long-period of suspended activity. It.would seein ts.hava- f,elt the necessity of a pr.tOical subject, a;ad,ita choice felL on ollr whciich '3j. lely to receivenmuei public a:tcntion. :r=ing t'Verttext few 'weeks- 'Without agreeing vith the. chairman, that `-there exists great indi %zence m: the -coun- "try withi regard to admin.itrative reform," we mustinejoice that, instead of speechaa.,enforcing a string of maxims true, but taite, the aiety. should. have l-old a discus-ion on. the fall ofltxs... ALthough the dissatisfaolion causA by this calamiity may have been rartly dirzipate- by therbrightening prospects of- an honoursble peace, yets wa- believe the:e is no intentin. thnt the late. enen.ts should pass into oblivion. It:nrAst, indeed,, be a high triuraph and a rare ju'bilee .hich couli justify such an amnesiy. The Ditisl defender-or Armenia, his staff of devoted ofliers, andu Wx entire Ottonman army are in Eha. power of thoenemy. A pLovincahas been esne,-anoUaD'e is threatened,, with little hopa! of rescue. l.re., than this, ire Thagsians have. zecovered a IStreI putation. So. far. as hie Ceuxt of Tehert,. t'he tribes of t2e Caucasus anli Euphrates, 4a tire despots el Central Asia are. -,mcerned, Risia is a victor in. .he present war., Years heue,we nray find the- course of our Ira6n policy thlt.-vred by the reecleetion which t,. late Muscok-, iortorr has iQlanted in Mvb2medans fr= Ar.atoli3 to tliebanks of the Garges. We hanr.z ot `nastilr,, nom xelying on vague, rumours, itZeu to ene wb0se neglect is sai-l to have 1?@En . priipal 4mw of this disasb3'. The queXm musk arisO whether General rr.LLr.uNis ww. ader.iuate SUPported by the Bxtish Amba3e,ulur. Were not his position =Mecog,aiZed, sa4d. 3is represent.ations disregarded ? If th%se *tn1's cannot be denied, then iti -l1 be for jtie.Q g ,entto deeide w'hat notice slhall -be t-Nkev, of such delinquencfor it. is subject wV cle Cannot be passed over, for not _oly the past hAu the futmue is involved. 'Whether peace or waxbo in the decrees of fate, it is. equally necessaV 'that the character of our diploMaOy in the EVAst should be singlemiinded andl patiotic. WI'.ether we have to conduct auuther Asiatie campaign, or whether the task be merely the reconstruction of an emprre1 the settlement of its botmdaries, and the con- -tentmient- of 'its people, 'we have need of a, iman on. 'w_ om his counti-yrnen -may depend, althoug,h -'he be rem6ved fIrom the .inmediate' con0rol -of Parliament or pris-. Thus the sub.. ject 4f the meeting may be fairly brought into.' -th sphere of the Association's ains., W*e ean e'ntirely. agree vith the resolution that - the fall of . -ara camls for -a funl 'and. public inquiry, and-eveai . ..thcrea~itert of the memorial: to Hun3aT 1 IY cont.ains ,~only statements' ' hidi5 re eveers . made; a>-dich ino one has, lad th ourage -to dontr6vert. -Butwe would warn the:so-Aibciavii mse tl;ing into.elab.orat deta oi . ing to give its own version of trArPZW - q
The report of the Eastern Counties Railway tueeting held on Friday last yields abundant evidence of angry feeling and excited passions on both sides. It is for the majority of the Shareholders to inquire whether the right lies with Mr. WADDIwGrOy or his opponents. WVe will not pretend to decide the question of whether or not the engagements entered into by lr. WYADDLNGTOx and hisfrienackvwiththe Newmarket and Chesterford and the Royston and Hitchin were detrimental to the interests of the Eastern Counties Proprietors. We will not say whether the Harwich or Ipswich boats have been profitable obiects of speculation. WVe know nothing of the loan to the corporation of Hfarich beyond what the disputants assert on either side. We will not even consider the mnore important question of the persnanent way, and other points vw-hich have occupied the attention of the Eastern Counties Proprietors for the last seven or eight months. These are special nmatters of business which must be decided on ordinary business grounds byreasonable men. But what is the meaning of such a meeting as the one wlhich was held on Friday last at the London Tavern 9 The scene which actualIy occtured was more like an irish faction-fight in the olden time, or a townand-gown row at either of the Universities, or that epoch of a contested election wvhen the rival candidates are addressing the meeting. Shouits of applause on one side and groanis and hootings on the other greeted the entry of Mr. WADDrNGTo.N, and the proceedings which followed were in strict harmony with the sonorous prologue. Four long columns devoted to the chronicles of riot and the record of abuse and invective will be ftound in our impression of Saturday as the contri:bution of the Eastern Counties to contemporary literature. Into the merits of the squabble, as we before said, we will not enter; but, as persons totally unprejudiced, whio do not hold, and. never will hold, one shilling's worth of the company's stoclk, we wound beg of the I'roprictors to forget their anger for a moment and to lookl quietly at resldts. The value of tLeir shares has decreased-they best ;now to what extent-and, at the same time, the wevekly income of the company has increased to a very considerable amount. No matter whether the weekly returns fly up or fall down, the Proprietors are equally damnified in their interests. A fierce seditious spirit is the curse of these l opular corporations. Until there is a little lEss of party tlere will be little more oc premium. It seems as though there must be an explosion every four or five years, a row, and a settlement. From the moment the settlement is made the seeds of fresh evil begin to gerninate. flhere is a Chairman's party, and a party opposed to the Chairman, invariably a minority. It is not wtorth while to buy over or influence more than a clear majority, so that for a time the -ill of the Chairman and his henchmen is supreme. At length the natural force of an opposition begins to operate in motions very partially supported, and divisions provoked rather as tokens ,of dissent than with the hope of arriving at any immedinite result. In due course, and especially if the railway fall upon evil days, the opposition .increases in power, and the Chaiman and Directors, in order to maintain their position, are driven upon courses more arbitrary and more violent. A -itched battle then occurs between the rival factions, a committee hostile to the majority at the Board is appointed, and the regular attack is delivered in due form. Then follows a crisis, and the end. The boat is patched up for another run, and 'v:nin sent forth utpon her voyage under all fiavourable auspiccs, and the most pelfect certainty of an Lunfavourable resuilt. The Eastern Counties Rail-;vay is at the present moment in its clisis. The Chairman's party and the anti-Chairman's party Lave marshalled their forces, and are just now eneaged in the honourable task of inflicting the utmost sible amount of damage upon each other. From their gallantry and vigour they can hope to obtain ut one result-namely, the increased embarrassent of ihat great undertaking in which aU their terest5 are so largely involved. Now, if a mercantile firm or a banking-house ere conxducted on such a principle it -would - not equire any very profound knowledge of arith- etic to calculate the period of-its solvency. Afr. .cAn;4 in his recent volumes has drawn the ure of a Highland army, such as the one w=hick s for a while collected under the comnand VDcoist D-sMN:I. At any given moment there a a reaonable probability that the right centre ulturn its fire upon the left centre, - or that right wing, with a shriek and a yell, would sdown upon the left wing, even in the edt prSence of the enemy, upon some h rground which would scarce be intelligible , ,eraonwho .have the good. fortune to be born on g soutkward of the Highland line. This seems to , very muIch the case of our railway proprietaries k the prest moment. We grnt that the right -may be, and generally is, in1,5tlw firit,instanee, on the side of the dissident shareholdom. That which was right in. the beginning is, however, soon made winag by a2vience and exaggeration. A triunmph as -unexpeted. as. it was-.undeserved i given to their opponerds. The opinion is spread abroad that in railway matters: the adversaries are both as completely in the wrong as it is pFssible for persons to be who maintain diametrically opposite propositions. Meanwhile the money which the Proprietors had embarked in these undertakings, and from which they had every right to expect a reasonable return, is to thlem absolutely lost. Their own fortunes are injured, ,and the only consolation we can suggest to them is, that they are pre-euinently public benefactors. They are, indeed, of so liberal a 'spirit. that at their own proper costs and charges they have made and maintain the great lines of communication for the public benefit. At least, let 'their names be inscribed ingolden letters upon gorgeous tablets at the great central stations. They are surely as worthy of commemoratkn as those of the churchwardens who have erected an organloft or whitewashed a church.
THE REPAESENTATrON OF NEW1CASTLE-OX. TYNE. -W We stated on Thursday, upon pretty good authority, that it was the intention of lLr. Blacklett, one of the members of Newcastle-on-Tyne, to retire from the representation of the borough immediately Parliament met. On Saturday the following farewell address from the hon. gentleman was puilished:- "It is ithdeep regret I have to'inform you that my continued illness and constaut suffering render me incapable of longer performing the duties that belong to me as one of your representatives. Throrgh the whole of one session, with unexampled kindness, you have acquiesced in my unavoidable absence from the House of Commons. The hope vwhich I was encouraged to entertain of my illness being but of a temporary character has not been realized, and 1 now feelthat,with onlythe prospect of a remote recovery, it would be abusing your kindness and perilling your interests in Parliament if I were not to return into your hands the tiust which it has been my pride to hold. The pain I feel in coming to this resolution is in proportion to my sense of the honour which I received from you at the last election. Whatever may be in store for me-whether in health or sickness-whether in Parliament or out of Parliament-my best wishes and prayers will always be for the prosperity of my native towvn and the welfare of its inhabitants." Immediately on the publication of the above, the following address to the electors w.as issued by M1r. George Ridley, thle gentleman, who, we stated, would be brought forward by the Idheral party:- "The state of MJr. lackett's health havingunhappily rendered it necessary that he should resign his seat as one of yoiur representatives in the House of Commons, I beg to oder myself as a candidate for your T"ffi g; a m tI more encouraged to do so by the remembrance of the kind anid generous way inwhichl1 wasreceived by the inhabitants of your borough on a fornser occasion, when I was a candidate for the representation of South Nforthumberland. I continue stiU to entertain the political opinions which I advocated then, and which at that time gained for me so large an amount of support. In public life I should he guided bl those great principles of civil and religious liberty unaer -wich this nation has attained so high a degree of social and poEtical happiness, and by wihich it is daily increasing in wealth and prosperity. I look forward to the time when we shal be able to renew our endeavours to adjust the franchise in accordance with the increased intelliteace of the community, such a measure, in my opinion, teuig strictly consistent with the fundamental prineIples of our constitution. I am in favour of such weh-considered reforms in the several departments of administrative Gevermnent as experience has shown to be requisite and calculated to render more practicaUy efficient the conduct of public business. The war in which we are engaged is founded in justice. It was undertaken to preserve the inde,Cndencc of nations against the aggressive ambition of Lus-1sia; and although I should rejoice at the restoration of peace on terms to which this country could vith honour accede, yet, if this cannot be accomplished, I should give my hearty support to Lord Falmerston's Government in carrying on the war v'ith that energy and loyalty of purpCse 'which alone can bring it to a successful issue, and insure a peace coupatible with national honour and the perrcanent tranquillsty of Europe. Personally interested inthe prosperity or your borough, with which my family have l:een so long and so intimately connected, I shall have everyr iaidncement, if returned as one ofEyour representatives, to gise m y best attention to all such measures aws may tend to pm emote your vwelfare and advance your interests." It is reported that a requisition is now in course of si^natumre to Mr. Rlalph WValtn;, who in 1852, it will be remembered, contested the borough of Gateshead on ultra-rLiberal pminciples. The general opinion, howvever, is that Mlr. W.alters will not come forward, and that Mr. P.idsey will simply walk over the course.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afterncon at the Foreign-office. The Ministers present wore Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chalncellor, Earl Granville, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, MIfr. Secretary Labouclhere, Lord Panmnure, the Chancellor of the Emchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Ron. 31. T. Bamnes, and the Duke of Argyll. The Coincil sat tlhree hours. SonrarHA rToy, Jan. 26.-lThe South-Western Company's steamship Atala3ta, Captain Knight, which arrived at this port this morning^ from Hia-re, reports falling in with the schooner Juliiet, off the coast, disinasted, anid with a signal of distress flying. It wvas blovwing a gale of wind a,t the time, and the Ata=lanta having gone to her assistance, succeeded, after great troublie, inAtowing her into Rainxr. The Juliet is of Oaen, and 'was hound from Seaham, with coal,s. There were on hoard three nmen and a boy. Enopoan COLLEGE AT NEWcASns-uroy-Tna- It was stated in Te Times a few weeks ago that the mining enineers of the north of England prosed to found a colege in Newcastle, with a capital of at least 30,000!. It appceairs that this project is in proipeot of realization at no fistant period. t. Nicholas WYoodw, an eminent coal viewer, and President of the Mtining Inistitute, a short tine ago brought uinder the notice of the Dulke of Northumberland the intention to found a college, and requesting that his 012cc woul,d lend his asnistance to the movemnent, andbiecome patronof thecollege.The nobleDuke in answerto this appeal. signified to Mr. Wood, through his agent, Mr. Hugh Tayler that in case the amount of subscribed capita should reach 15,6000., his Grace would add 5,001. to that sum, malcidn it 20,000?. - and if it should reach 30,000., his Grace woua su=bseribe 10,0001., niaking 40,0001. This, as miglht be expected, has given an impetus to the design, and it is now intended forthwvith to apply to the other wealthy coalowners of this district for their support tothe undertaking. Application 'wil also be made to the leading manufacturers, as itis intendedthat the college shal give instruction in other branches of science besides those more immediately bearing on coal inig operations. In 'conexion with this design there is another of a kindred character about to be realized.: The library of the Literary and Philosophical -Society oE Newcastle is one of the most valuable-and eitensive in tienorth of England. The building which contains it wAn erected in 1825, at a cost of 12,0001., the foundation-stone having been laid by the late Duke ofSussex. This l3xary containg about 25,000 volumes, and it has been from time to time enriched- by mnay valuable preseris. -Mr. Robert Stepbenson, the eminent - engineer, abut two years ago, oftered topayone-balf of adebttheinstittionhag incurred, amounting to 6,200Z., provided the otier meabers of the soiet wold find means to p&y off twe etherhalf, and reduce the term of admission to one guimaperannum. The eoomrittee have obtaine el ,ecriphota to nearly the equired amount, and at the aMf.lameetiag of the society3 to eiheld early nextm entht, itisbeliev4d tt it will be in a conaition-to accept Mr Ste',aei,son offr TnE NAV Y .- .-Th ei u of nien to Ee voted for the fleetin m'e oti ents aival estimates i15 T6,7G0 (including 10,00, boys aid 16000-iaorhines). sTh numtber voted listyear ° was a t6tal e-7000'- The ncrease in ths yer'n stmmt~ a 000 menand fflcers 4tr complete the coiler ants of the gun;gid mortar boats,' the exense of whose wages 'ilbe about 273,0001., and'shout 14u,0004 S°*vitmcaIlig, making a total increaseo undorc this. bead gi tht Wsr sernea of about 413,000?.
TE='GRAPHIC DESPATCOES. .1 _ TREl PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. I (BYx SUBL . MB-S T E We have received the following telegraphic de. spatch from our Vienna correspondent:.- VI} NNA, SATURDAY, JAx. 26, 1 P. n. "Russ.a proposes that the preliminaries of peaceshall be signed at Pari5. "She alao expreswes a strong desire to conclhde peace7as spee..ilyas possible."- THE EAST. We have received the followig telegraphic despatch from our Earseilles correspondent - "MtARSETIIES, S--Ay, JA. 27, 1035 A.,L "The Hydaspe has arrived with advicesfrom ,Constantinople of the 17th, am.£from the Crimea of -the 15th inst. -Despatches left at 9 a.m. "Your correspondent at Cona-antinopke, writing on the 17th of January, says,- - "I'TheEnglishtransport Apolloinsbeen-weel-ed in the Dardanelles. The captain has blown. his brains out. "'The first conference respecting thie rights of the Christians in Turkey was held yesterday.'" We have received the fomr.itir of yesterdy. It mentions that in the official report of theinvestiture of the Order of the Bath the names of Rear-, Admirals Penaud and'Rigault de Genoilly, appointedCommanders, and of Captains Saisket and Pothutan, appointed Knights Companions, -were so-' cidentally omitted. -
AMIERICA. [A'sulnma4 of the folioinvi,received by Electric Tolcgraph, appeared in our Seconld ditioa of Saturday:-] SOUTHMdPTON, JA.x. 2& The United States mail steamship Arago, Cap- tain Lines, with the French and English mails,; anrived off Cowes last night from Ne, York, en routte for Havre, bringing 60 passengers, $15,000 in specie for Havre, and a cargo consisting of 1,600 barrels of flour and 3,500 bushels of wheat. The rago experienced very boisterous weather during both the outward nnd homeward voyages. She left Cowes Roads December 20, and had a most boisterous passage of 16 days, arriving off Sandy Hook January 5, when, owing to a violent N.E. gale and snowstorm, she Wms compelled to stand off shore, and remained outside until the following day. When she reached the dock she was completely encased in ice; tle machinery, however, remained in perfect order. During the week that she lay in New York the weather was intensely cold, and large quantities of ice accumulated in the harbour, and on her departure she was several hours in working her way through it. The Aragoj experienced during thle passage easterly vwinds forj three days; in crossin,g the Banks, light winds; and from the Bankrs to the Channel the barometer was very low, rangging from 28 5-lOths to 29 inches most of the time, and W.S.W. to W.N.W. gales, with squalls of wind, rain, hail, lightning, and thunder. On January 18, in lat. 47.30, long. 47.30, she was several hours in passing throughalage quantity of large pieces of ice and small icebergs; at times she had to stop, and then steer all courses to I keep clear. This, no doubt, was old ice, which is considered very dangerous, the size and thickness precluding tlle possibility of its being this winter's formatibn. _ The Royal Mail steamship Canada arrived at Boston from Liverpool on the evening of the 10th inst., after a voyage of 20 days. The steamship Prometheus had arrived at New Orleans from San Juan with a fortnight's later news from San Francisco, Oregon, and Nicaragua. The intelligence from California is of no general importance. There were reports of an extensive Filibustering expedition having landed in Lower California. The San Franciscomarkets were dulL At O)regon the Indians had been very troublesome. Several sanguinay battles had been fought. Near I Walla Walla River Captain Bennett, Lieutenant Barrow, and tllree privates were killed and 14 wonunded- -At Pugot'o Sound LiuWuLeant Slaughter and several others had been illed. General WVool, however, was making arrangements for a vigorous campaign agtainstthe savages. Everytlhing was quiet in 9icaragua. The highiy important news respecting a revolution in NWicaragua and the defeat of W5alker, wvhich was published in aWashington paper, turns out to be a fabrication. The Northern Light left Saii Juan on the 4th inst. for New York, with $0,000 in treasure. Intelligence from Culba to the 28th ult, states that the Captain-General had paid a sudden visit to San Antonio, where he found the authoritics all engaed in fighting cocks, and witnessed some curious scenes before they got into official harness. Havannahw was I full of visitors, among whom was General Count Yermoloffi Holyday sports had completely interrupted trade. An attempt had been made to rob the cabin of the bark J. I. Morales, of New York, I but the thief wasarrested. MademoiselleRlachelhad a severe illness and harassing cougl, but her physicians thonght she would soon recover. Another batch of Africans had been landed, and another lot of political prisoners exiled. The Washington correspondents of the New York 1 papersa,gree mn announcing the rumolured retirementl of Mr. Crampton; and it wras assertced that he was arranging his affairs, preparatory to a speedy returnX to England. It ras likewise rumnoured that the American Goverunment has notified to Great Britain that lIr. Crampton would not be permitted to remain; and it vas furthermore stated tllat, in the event of his dismissal, the British Govermuent would have no further intercourse wvith the uJnited States, and that MIr. Buchanan will be presented with his passports. The voting for Speaker continued. On the last ballot Banks had 99; Richardson, 72; Fuller, 30; and Pennington, 9. In the New York Assembly Odel received 45 votes; Prendergast, 34; and Bailey, 36. There was no symptom of a surTender on either side. A despatch from Washington states that news from Nicaragua had been received by Mr. Mercoleta, to the effect that the Walker Government was in danger of being overthrown by a revolution party. It was said that Walker had been twice repulsed in conflicts. This news required confirmation. Mexican dates are to the 22d ult., and confirm the accounts already received as to the meIlancholy condition of Mexico. Disorganization, robberies, murders, and popular discontent prevailed all over the Bepublic. The Comonfort Cabinet gave tolerable i satisfaction, but it was thought that the President ! would not hold the reins of power long. The true Liberal party was at work in favour of General! Alnonte; and his system of government, on the plan of the United States-was likely to be tried. General Yanez, Comonforts War 3Minister, was on his way.! from Sonora to the capital. Yanez, as well as the majority of his official colleagues, is'a moderate i idberal. The measure of Alvarez for doing away I with the clergy and army exemptions vwas causing much dissatisfaction wherever its enforeemenii was attempted. When the military wvere employed in, posting the proclamation referring to it, in PuebMa, they Mwere attacked by the people ax? many were killed on either side. General Conionfort had! ordered 2,500 men to march on Puebla and " sul, due" it. It was thought thatVeraCraz-could-sc pronouncein favourof Robles. GeneiaUraa had refuse a post in the nlew Ministry. A snowstorm of unexampled severity visited the whole of. the Atla;ntic coast, from V5~ina to Hali- f'ax, on the 5th inst., and continuedi ra age from 15. t o 18 hours. At Bostont the- malls we':e all detained, d at New York the railroads. ,were obliged t suspe-nd theirtraffic. The groixmnJ wascoveredwith frob-14'to' 8inches of snow . severe frost afterwards set in and !in sore paita tho thermometer was as low as 21 degrees below zero. At EHalifax the- snow' was four feet cl ep. Several railroad accidents are reported. On the l0th inst.. a freight -train on the TerH Llaute and .lton Railroad ran 'off- the rails and fve- persons were kIlled.: A OItfil accident a occurdon the Hudson Ri'%r Railroad opntlie 9th init; caused 'by o e traisi -Poug hkee-pie irainig into an -AlbaA3y trP,n which ha been..shifted from the left -to the Aght line of rails. There wiere about 590 Iperso<s in the trin, thtee of wlota' we kildled on t} e spot, and several of the others serioldy | Three or four fire3 had: talken -place, whie I destroyed several thousand dollars' worth of pro- perty. The schooner Pacific, of Washngton, North Carolinailadenmwith tar andturpentine, hadgot a'shoreoni the tIong BDeach. All hands, except the captain and mate, perished. The bark Duque de Braganza ]sad also gone to pieces,iand all hands were supposed N lost. the Ohio eislature had lected Telson H. Vau Voo.', a Black Republican, as speaker. In t+he New York money-market foreign exchanges~ remained inactive, except for such. bills 'as were take ai by the leadingT bankers for remittance. Exchange w.^as quoted at 1084 to 1081. The stockmarket was L'elavy aind lower, although WithlOUt any regular breakL'W ownm prices. The provision-market sdull. 'ont9 was limited. The sales of the week are estinat.°d at 6,500 bales, chiefly parcels on the spot and to arve, and prices had been firmly maintained. New Orleans despatches quote: large' sales at z. to 9c. for middling.; one of the 8th givres receipts for thre e days only 12,000 bales, sales 40,000.-The export t o England was stiU- moderate as comparedwith the riCseipts, which appear to be steadily absorbed by dem -and from other quarters. In the grain-market co-sn was active. In consequence of the ,Canada's advices, a decline of [ fully $on.flour, and from- 2o. to Sc. on the common classes of wheat was established, but none on either corn or rye. The stck .at the-beginning of the year was computed at 60.9,000 barrels of flour -of all kinds, 800,000 bushels of wheat, 600,000:bushels of corn, and 200,000 bus7aels of rye. With the exception of flour, the stocks o?~l- other kinds of breadstuffis were very -moderate. hby the great I seveity, of the weather the supolie,so wheat and corn from the South were almost enmiIely stopped, .the rivers and 'creeks being frozen, avdzbyarilroad 'onlytrifles were being received; of floun-Ilie-zivalsby railroad amount to about 5,000 to 0lf)0 laurels a-day, and quite sufficient for home ccazunption; so that several hundred thousand barrels for- esx3rt' could be afforded until the navigation opmediapm. The impression, however, generally prevailbdi Utl after the turn of the year better accounts fromn the European grain-markets would be received, andionly -needy sellers wouild part with their stocks at present prices. Floour, common superfine State, sold atr $-7 extra State, $f8a; superfine Ohio, S8A ;: an, extra, $8-l to $84.- At Philadelphia flour soldi at $84 for straight superfine. At Baltimore, Howardstreet, $84; City-mills, $8-.* to $V4. Wheat was scarce, and' held firmnly for prime quakties with the exception of Western - red, wimiela could be had on easier terms, say $1 90c. to, S1 95c. ; Southern, gl 97i-c. to $2; prime white wheat was held at from '$2 10c. to $2 20c. At PhiLadelphia, white, $2 10c. ; red, $2 to $2 ,5c. At Baltimore receipts were. very small, nominal prices-$1 95c. to $2 for red, and $2 5c. to $2 12c. for white. Rye was held fimly; receipts from thriver were nil, and orders hadto be executed from store, but on account of the ice the loading was much obstructed. There were few sellers at $1 30c. in store, and most holders asked $;1 35c. to $1 40c. ?or spring delivery there were no sellers. At Philadelphian, Pennsylvania rye sold at from $1 20c. to $1 2ac. in store. Indian corn 'was dull, but shipping qualities of new Southern very scarce and held for90, to 92c. for white and yellow. Prime old mixed Western sold at 93c. At Philadelphia new corn sold at 80c., and at Baltimore 7Gc. to 79c. Freights were dull and declined, on account of the few offerings; to Liverpool, grain S7T in bulk and in ship' bags, flour 2s. 9d.; to London, 12d. and Zs. 9d. to 4s.; to Havre, 20c. to 23c. and 90c. to 9OC. ; to Antwerp 13d. and 4s. to 4s. -3d.; to Rotterdam, 14d. and 4s. 9d. ; to Bremen, 23c. to 24c.; to Hamburg, 14d. (BY ELECeTRIC TILEGntx .) LIVERPOOL, J&N-. 27. The Canada has arrived with advices firom New York to the loth, Boston to the 16th, and Halifax to the 19th inst. She brings no specie. During the outward passage of the Canada the weather was sp bad that the watch had to get into the rigging to save themselves from being washed overboard. The Atlantic arrived at New York on the 13th inst., and the steamer Ericsson, from Havre, on the 15th. MIr: Crampton, the British Miinister, had dined -with the Presidenlt at WAashington. hongress continued unorganized. Thle last ballot was-Banks 93, Richardson 6B, l;rnllp, ldl, Ponnlngten 0, Soattuingld 8. Tb ni,m]- her necessary to a clhoice is 105. The Wl'aslhington correspondent of the Herald writes on the 13th:- "A strong impression pervades political circles here that onr relations with Great Britain are threatening, and serious apprehensions are felt and expressed by many senators, several of them in the confidence of the Administration, of a rupture between the two Governments. It is evident that there must be a fight or a back' out on one side or the other." On the 14th the samie correspondent writes,- " The Presidenit has not repealed his original demand for the removal of Mr. Crampton. The British Government having assumed the respon sibility of explaining away the conduct of their Minister in the enlistment case, and our Govermnent having accepted their offer, the settlemeent of the affair is no longer with Mr. Crampton, who still continues his offilcial relations with the UnitedStates, but with the English Government. Lord Palmerston insists that sufficit explanation and apology have already been given to the United States, andour overnment with equal pertinacity insists on the contrary. On the disagreement on this point, all further correspondence between the txvo Governments has closed. The special message which the President has in readiness for the Congress will be found to sustain this statement. Nothing short of the removal of Mfr. Cranmpton by the British Government can prevent the affairs of the -United States aud England from assuming a more important and tllreatening attitude." The Heraad says - " It is reported that the Administration has sent out to the London Cabinet a positive demaud for the recaU of Mr. Crampton, the British Ambassador at Washington, and deelares its purpose, in the event of a non-compliance with its exactions, promptly to withdraw the excquaturs of Mr. Crampton, Mlr. Barclay, Mr. Mathew, and M1r. Rowcroft, implicated in the violation of our neutrality laws in enlistments for the British army in the Crimea." A letter from Washington says,- " It is reported here with an air of trnth that England,. rather than engage in a vwarwith the lUnited States on the Central American question, will recede from her assumed protectorate over the Bay Islands and Mosquito kinmdoin. it was incorrectly reported here that the last despatches sent to England w ere througlh Mr. Cram pton. If any have been rent recently, they wtent through the egular cCiannel, And despatches by the Canada indicate nothng of pauticular naportanee." The (cno'eier and Ehnquirer says,- "It is nowr certain that MIr. Buchlan.an has ben' inst;ructed to demand thec recall of M]r. Crampton for his complicity inthe enlistment of soldiers for the Crinea." An accident had occurred on the Hudson River Railroad, by which an engineer and fireman were dilled, and a number of persons injured. It occurred through the ice lifting a bridge and displacing the rails. Mademoiselle Rachel is reported to have left Havannah for Europe. Hler health had much iraproved. w t, ts n Exceedingly severe weather, with intense movstorms, had occasioned disasters and great loss of life at sea. The Empire City had arrived 'at New Yodkh with upwards of $1,000,000 of Californian gold. From the New York commercial accouuts we learn that business in the stock-market was quiet. There was less demand for money. Foreign exchanges continued dull. Bills on London were' quoted 108 and 1084, and Paris, Sf. 2(tek to, 5f. 20c. The produce, markets wrere wvithout ninek change. Flour and wheat were dull and lower. Cotton quiet, but held steadily. Provisions wer& improved in price. Freights ruled as per last muo-at. LATEST BY TELEGRAPR Ri E ALIFAX. N'EW. YOB.K, TJAZ. 17. European news, v id Halifax, was published! here .thi morning, and caused cotton to .decline. Flour, also, slightly declined. Ioney t6-day is steady, wi' an im~proving tone, in the money-market. The ship. St. Denis, hence, for Haire,: has foundered at sea; 30 lives lost, including all the' passe ngers. .. - NEW ORLEANIS,J. 12. Sesof cotton to-day, 2,W50 bales' -. - SIPPING INTELtIGENCE i !-e .WSih henc, at New Orleans; the Mehle the, torthAmerican, and theiJohnDumnick-h;nce,atMobile; 'the Prseversnce'and theCamatie,henc,andtheA le, from London, at Charleston. The Old Enelad, the0 Cisr, -thLot, the Scotland, the CaiaWeei hlence, at Ntew -Orleans; th-e Thornton pcollis; henice, at N-w York. The Sia,' Cha1', . m'from verpool for I Aamnzah, strack on aL r1oa.l captaIin reac'hed Savanna'h ton. the gotanshreVordted 5L-in b oad'safV; a stiamer; was lestnchedto the wrek kimmediatelY. "',x -CP -"D28 TeDa=8er,:2from nIayrpool', went&ahdre" int the 'harbour 'iIuri-a9 ai violenat'norther o,a Chilstirms,e Si;'te 6 had biecnsavAda smiall portion-tit bar isthe ahip~~~~~~~~. Irne of .e .ok fro Lien ro.l ton. Sh got asore yeterda mrning h'r * Jiu'1G.The~ddoaia aser~ hr~cansh she
SECOiND EDITION. TRE VTIS OFFICEk, Moknday .Mo)nmg. E EXPRESS FROM, PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.: It is stated in offlcial quarter here, and without any appearance of doubt, that Pais ills b the seat of the peace negotiationx, which wiU not begin before the middle of Febrr;ary. The secletion of Paris is approved by Russia, Aushis., snd Enland. It is also afirxed that Lord endctir will be the Plenipotentiary, and, it is not dinicult te perceise that his nomination is received very fiouralAy The resident English Ambassador, Lord Comqq1 will, no doubt, assist hun in his task , but 1 beve nothing has been decided officially, as therewassome talk of leave of absence for a short timen having heen, wished, if not applied for. Count Orloffvillprobebly with M. Brunow represent Russia. Tha selection. of the former is received here with favo,r; and is looked upon as an indication of the reality of thh desire of Russia not to place obstacles in the-way of an arrangement. Count Orloff is describcd ls-a man of much moderation, and conciliatory in manne. Hee wasnays opposed to the war from t3Ubeginning, and did not hesitate to express opinions diWetricsay opposed to t.e Emperor Nicholar-in tle course of a policy which has ternminated so -MA, fOctanatelY.. M. de-:Buol will be charged with tre intarests of Astria, aided, nost probably, by tlj, experience- 4 M. Riiber. M. d'Azeglio and the. Ear.nis- de Vil-a Marina will be present for Sardinia. The Tnrldislr P[etiay, wvhose name I canneii just now call to msind, is not expected before tilnmiddle-of Febuary, ana,- of course, the negotiatfsns8. which' are- t. e conducted at the French Fereign-office; will not open before then. M. WalewAki. will, of course, repssellt France. He will most probably lhaiw a e0eague to assist him s; but on whiom the- choice wi1 fall is not yet decided; tnoug4. iM all probability, MI. d doeBourqueney will. be the man. Some, if not a' good deal Of diseussion, Wi necessarily take platee, but it is not anticipatea here that the result eill be otherwise than'pacific. W%hatever unwillingness, if there really exist any, may exist on the part of some- iamibers of the E glish Cabinet to make. rDeace on thepropositiosieacc1pted by Russia, will it is thoughthere, disappear as soon as Parliament meets. A private letter from Vienna enables me to correct a slight error in one of my previons comnmunicatiousj with respect to the time of the receipt of the despatch in that city of the acceptance by Russia. It wvas not in the forenoon, but at 5 in the evening that the news reached M. de Buol, and it was not in cipher.- Prince Gortschal;off had intimated his intention that he should leave Vienna for Dresden in, the event of Russia's definitive rejection of the propositions, and in the full confidence that such would be the case he had already made every preparation for his departure. Nearly at the last moment before the acceptance the Prince received a despatch from M. de Nesselrode requesting hibr not to go to Dresden, but to return forthvith to St. Petersburg. On. the evening of the 16th there was a ball at the Imperial Palace, but to which only the intimate friends of the Emperor and his famaily were invited. To such private reaunions the members of the Diplomatic Corps are not generally invited. The only one who attended on that occasion vas the Bavarian 211inister, as AXndtssade,n de farnic. It was renmarked that the Emperor could hardly contain his joy. His majesty became the centre of various groups successively, and himself announced the news, observing how Joyous all Germany, a-s well as Austria, should feel on the occasion. The disappointment and irritation of the representatives of several of the German States at Vienna are great indeed, and no pains are taken to conceal their feelings. They never could believe that Russia would accept such propositions. From these discontented persons I must, however, except the Prussian Ambassador, who goes about everywhere and tells to all who listen, and to all who do not listen, that it was Prussia, and Prussia only, that decided the Czar to accept. It will, I fear, detract from the sincerity of that diplomatist, or the Sovereign he represents, 'when it is known that wlhile M. de Werther4 the Prussian Minister at St. Pctersburg, was giving good advice to M. de NesseL rode, his colleague at Berlin, Count Amina, was urging the Cabinet of Vienna to content itself with the modified aeceptance of Russia, and to declare itself satisfied with the counter-proposition8 of M. de Nessehlode. This fact I learn on good authority. What M. de Buols real sentiments on that point were I cannot affirmn positively, but it is only fair to say that the younsgEmperor Francis Joseph at once rejected the pusillanimous suggestion and said, "Allor nothing." The "dodblejete" of Prussia will, I presumne, be an additional recomn mendation to her admission to the peace negoiiations ! From the momnent the unconditional acceptance of Russia was known at Vienna, Prince Gortschakoff has led a very retired life. He sees very few persons, and the Russians who interrupt his privacy only increase his irritation by their angry clamours against what they consider as the degradation of their country. This feeling exists everywhere, in Berlin as in the Austrian capital, and the maore violent hint at the artide unbiqte of the Russian Constitution wlhich has been tried vith some effect before on unpopular Autocrats. W"'hat that artide un.iTqe is it is hardly necessary to say. It is certain that a good many of the Russian nolbility at St. Petersburg and elsewhere wished for peace, and are glad of it even on the present conditions;. but there are many others who feel deeply on the subject. M. de Stackelbergis not less dissatisfied than Prince Gortschakoff, and only speaks of the shame that has illen on tlle empire, He also had more than once declaTed that it wss utterly impossible for Russia to accept the Austr5ian; propositions. In a former letter IT alluded to the strong hired expressed by the Russian Court and people ag;ainst Austria. That hatred has, if possible, -Lmome. more intense, and the assent given by the, Vienna.. Cabinet 'toP the CCrectificition" of tee. Otttoman territory, as already described, ilas added: to its exasperation. The unusually bold Wt taken by7 Austria will never be forgottn 'by Rw,ia and that step is by general consent tMributed prin,cipally, if not entirely, to the spirited young Emperor. I have received the foll6ving Ietter from Stck;helm, dated the -17tlh fI fear, armong th6eiany vitalpoints nbow ider"Asde-- ration at St,.Petersbrg, tbe quesii,n of the d Andfslismds has been entirely ovexlooked, anzd yet as long as thvoe. renain in theaands of, Russia the indepladeaco of Sweden. as guaranteed by thetreaty of the 20th of November, is aways in- periL The 'lies in destioying te fortress of Bomarsund, hav cc rWin1v averted any i"n dnger but is it vwse to allow-this 'wO'of- Dasnoclestolbo again raised over the k ead r 2 &natien-wliose sympa ties for them: are undcau ble, and the ajozity o-_whieh . is -hafing and frettingi in.her forced metionl :i t not lezeing-a O *petind or.aing to futuie ag rsion, and increasing the chance of futue ' -k4r, since' the treay I'have I lndei to is7 nit -Thlted in tune, lint guaratei for evr- hthe -ntegiy '£of the S bdiwi teirtomy?'Thto urn. Pression produced here by the, telegraiphi 'de"tdi; lt OiVeO y5eserday, and announcing Russi;ks. unconditional, acceptane of what iscalled the iiAu an i7tihatUL7 s great ndeed ,7etno one- here ebiteves in the: sncobrtyof MTusco-vite poicy, or looks Upon this as anything -wore than ia stratagem to gain time, to arrest the !orw toarkiovement of Sweden, and dmininotheryear v ai-ted ;,- empty ne5Qf a. tiofstDincmethedefencesof the Baltcf and toe- s late obstacles the way of your fleets and arnAes: "tis .dselesg I smy that the great body of st nil1 heart and soul witi itho great Fowers no* maiheiiith .glorious struggle of r&ilimtion ap7int b arasm, a,ncu except a small cotersA misnazned tIhe Conservative pftty,' entuare to raise a voice?s bfivour of nentralTty. -nis psrxy,' i~thout echo -the on ., has for its orgaii the Srvidd 'idninr, a paper which. *1 the eentinental press a* made the mistake of calTWX senri~lae'4 si7mply beciusd an ex-aide-de-camp of the 3-is thve,tor, Xa it frail tool of this obsolete opinion. Far+ ?-A,drSawiifnomrsnation, from trsworthy sources, this paper i3 faict silways inL direct contraidiction with the roil offsis. 4 Poet ode I n-rikm Tidanin, and what are cavedt opplsoiwos sueh as the Aftonblead, are far more fai tI'd fn.¢ta- 1s nob only of public opinion but also of thI syInpatliiesi df6ur Go vernment. 'Tobebrief, I sha only.-'icfti ei; 'ntioa that an offensve l.liance with Englan d`i!idMWoi2ld be far more popular than a defensive oneF. and: thatit is-e the, faul fthe srTiin (Govemment if stepsarwm-nt nut,i-l-'. that wI fox aer neutralize the Baltic as 'sItilly asiplo - mhacy has soghrt to neuttralize the Black Sea:- As 'Ihhcve; alteadya,c? fierr' ezvs of centuries mayb rico-ed; bit. ftAis the-eleventh' vavr." Another leter dated the 18th, frc tl&s:i' pilae, say- ae n Scatteu. b-Mieve' In fte good faith or -,ntR o£: 5uas%-and sh¢ouu- Im usfa' U etter than Snice. Weisicnerey hope- Ihat T'%aj,leon. III muy not meet ith 'ithe sane rezelts4onrA'sta eliEaee so lNapoleon L *sise'a-e ulop-§ that in any anse she-wil ally he-ell still mar,, ¢lost1y eithiugIend) aid&Ae is peradadeduflnt whileFrancfit-s to?esbtsatis.tdwit4a:mere'glory, Eigilad ought to Wih foar thcf contmu.esnce' of't2le war. Hitherto it was thought thatatwas?Ea"lrranthat diexv Fzance 1ongwlfath her,; it 3nCa 0e seen-liefore leong that Vntnce' Z eh obtliged to follow ; .'enletterftfirsftenthala ;in l.'Bavations for war hadiniotfacsediih, S vedbn, and, will not until the pe'le'deziti elhandln ule=tb.' ade. The 'answer of RiTssia.to the c-immunicationasthe Treaty of Swedan3 Tith -tile Allies show4ed tac='si bitterness tnder th* nma- of courmeeus- Itngnnaa; buit the hl siar ter: stbc;htlsy doesino tdonceal his faelings on thes-nbjiLt A privatr 'letter :rohranuaburg, dhtg the 19th, statesthat' the Esiglishr MIinister at Cowenhagern leries the f.ct repeat'td iu a or-meivletDer-of mine, thai& applicatfirlidsben.made:hy:hjs-Gorerneen For two DanishpaorLs f6rzthe-fleet townlinterin;. The ivritcr of-'the -ettbr rertinds*mo:tlat'Te*a & iecesity fdrsuch l appications,ns-t-he--wholetof the Dan3isa poAj si.with-the' exception-of Chridiansyo ad Ccpenhage,n,.re pen to-erety,oi,and.tho-fleet ould Tnternt, Esinore.. . Genenil Bulow; Commnandant of; Cperlingenj.lins mceivedl from the- FTmpero-r rNapoleon The- Giand. lordon ei t 3o-L egics'aE, H on our. Gener.l de Martihnprey;.(CTief: of the-Staff of the-' anryof thleEiist,; left;f6r thcCrinea-onThIursday,. after the cdose.of .the sittingsofthe -Concil: of Ta;. A detachment of4-IM men- of: the- Waggon Tirtin with 100 xmfes3 embarked at.ieifles-on.thc:24tfi 'or the East.. General Le-aillnt, {Govermor o+oi Soliastopol;.whca mrrived at 31;rseilles :i .the-IatL;evanlt packet,.is%.to 3ie replaced in Inis command by Gemeral Ferrey,.sor.- .n-law of lbarslil- Bugeaud. A solemn sevice was eaWiuratedT ai Bayonne' oan be 25th inst., imilabnourof tle natives of that city rho foil lmndc the walls of Sebastopal.. The in'erior of the cathbidral was entirely lhmg;with.bladcl4 md at each pilliar-was anpended.a shi6ld,, on whice Yore inscribed iIgol eersthernnmeefAlmu incernann, KertcI.nndTxaktnr.. In tlie centre of the' save rose an immense -mausoleum, supported byFour pillars, crownedwith! plumes, which coverei L. enotapl, surmounted byafunereal u Over tleirmorial bearirigs of the . city. -s a blank wreath, with this inscript;ione "Thecityof'Bayornne-To ill ito eon, who cEintVlorllrance." T i'opbies,.placed. Dn both sides of tbe.catafalcue, boUe- the narmes or the heroes .-Chames Cassaigne; Lieutena'nt-1olonel af the Staff, first Aide-de-Campof oMimial Pelissiae; i'Herail de Bris, Cidf of 'Battalion; ,Fortun6 Cassnigne, Captain ;. dcLane, CaptLa. Ancinoelc, S..- 7eon-Major; Amiestoy, Lieutenant. AR the civil ind military autliorities, the general conm.-adcing the division, the. bisop, the judges- of the civil bribunal, and the consular body, atten(led the -eremony. lassanPasha, we-wias appointed bIy the Ottoman hovenunent as itss military, commission to assist at; 'he Couicil of Waz, only arrived yesterday in Paris rorm Marseilles.. Thee vessel in which he left for Flrance had met whdisaster on thae passage. He rrives too late for -war. deliberations, whatever may be said of the peaoe conferences. Ie travelled. From Marseiles by-to same train as' Trd Brougharn, who also anrivedeyesterday on his way from CanneS to London for nie opening of Parlinunent. The noble Lord appears inelce-lent health and spirlts. The Paris correspondent of the- h cidene tilcfc Be7ge writes as follows on thisa 26th tlit., with. the observation that;he l can.guaraxute- the authenticity of- lis statement-`- "cThe document containing. thle accptance by ltussia Of the propositions presented By Austria, forwVarded fiom St. Petersburgloy a courier -who arrived: t Vienmn three days; sinre, was theresfoand-sAtisftctory on all points. "Copies wore 'immediately- furnurd: era Vi-enna to Paris and London1 and a sinilaropinion,v.'s erpressed byrthe English and Frencli Governments. The'MuCDonditioral ac- ceptation (pore Ct sihs,p-u) is tlierin fa-"'ly and clear]lysxpressed Tho tone and wordic g of tho docniesnt, as well aS the conununications- or explanntions, emanating either Erom2 3. dea Nesseltode or from Count Estericy, and wvhicl ire of a nature to' complete. it allow, no,ldoubt respectin bhe loyal andffirsu'lstontions of 1.-saia." A letter-from Mladrid of the.22& inst. says a- " It is reported.that. 3I: Bruil,; Idiister of Finance, a-c EL Santa Cruz, Minister of :irne, are to retire fromn theb Dabinet. .Tho frst-only a-waits -he se lcbmont of somnsefinnacial questions ta resign lhis prfodho to l. rFrancisco Sant. Cras, former- Minister of tlie Ihterior. The 3linister of' Mlarinoisto pcoceed: to, the a1-aunah. to assume the con1052nd of the nlaval forees. of Spans on the coast of Cuba_ ni. Broil eophcta.to bcapfpointesfresiden oof the Boardo oE rDitectorsu.f tbe. Crelit. Iilser Compaa.y There is n. -- truth, in, the mucour. of lii lisecuraa resi,,natloeft but the.retWoemaA, of, the. 3Iiuistea c- JUstiC. is coin-. idered: probable. In. case M. -iFi.esoo. Santa Crair hionld- replace IL. Bruil,. a, prolect 'ef lawv will be snba' iitteato the Ccrtes tot)je tffact ofsuibsitting another-taig For t'.-tollsleviedat.tea gates- of i*- provaincil cePitaIs. Thailovarninst3twill den,y too-pitrow inl the s--ttteristamCo of. a alinistericl cridse, 1thongh the resigation.of {., BUshl is pretty qcrtata. The election of 3L Fac.e%o,. i4tL e Iosdar,iellsmds, }brshenaamsl1edby the Cortes. We ad i, -the, P rcsse raider date Gepgv,, tb01 24th tast.- 'Tlo retum f 3* r31agieiy, the Cab,cAA Lilopp tc (Penes'a, has caused. as.ci an araitatson in th^ can.ton.tht Ji..1 Gg-ewa3euobigsoEedagainto order cj,uq,ni sibsipcec- The Governmeaut greUndastlat decisioni M, the'hrearb of the 3,relate's promis- tore-enter Geneva u.honut asUunnsg ar., efficial character, avoiding all.1 anlpstation. llie'.f s* Sviss citizen, instead of which he oGcaisted as aa,tbw CatholicChua'cbof Geneva, asd cinnosecc& lmt be roald.- officiate on the folowving Snnday s,.the Clrsch of Caon but the parish priest of Genev3, who- neobtiated thc`cosi aitious of M. Marley's hetrm, 'harpm - ter,- -t vhich'- he formaly '- fdict the aLJegatil.sD 02 the "Council eof State, and, vonttend& Iht WlexPe-sa misson -,sgranted thl p ibop to. act asholeasedintIsa,, interior of the Church. Pu'lic'pinioisireatxcit- by tlea-ii, viich is D llere- ikely to produoe seriour comuplicationsfortho ari onl tnn lale,r tZe soinder'buna wa 41 w¢iich hetokok zicn V5 'banished froaathi *oce'saIf Gaeva and LIuesalne, th£e eait fv-'ich vuas al,nrg ' nTlua m, eesure was adoptd in con. seqnpence o f M. 3hAije a r-eful to recognize the new Con4, stitution ei! Psib*,,- anid th" artics of the Federal Can.. 'icact., jhch' efin eit. In 1848 acn,vrention was erterg intelb tbiti.,fEtre ,csiatob& com]poeua~asi ,e,diotse*, siipur -li hJhy5;shornld no longer be allowre' to &a 'hbis episcop, ffunctionsi tEi, Wocese, nor eveteside a-in5of the cantons over which it extended. Sirxe then, "the Bishop took-nf. isteiideaoe-nlte- of the ctor.Diven Ge'neva, !whenae'ho lejd Ydp a TiF ar sn*iscou ilt ,lis 'clergy and :hus partis a ie r_on,tci-d uitew 6 Geneva no.doubt did,not "i der cgti(Alfrolulho intercanton al C, ln'f ei tio&authorizeofficia . jlle
THE TUBKISH CONTINGENT. KEETCH, CRIEA, SAX. 6. We have been in daily expectation of the approacl of the enemy. Scouts had brought in word that an advanced guard (of 5,000 men) of a large army was within three hours' march of this plaoe. EDvery other wrork wlas laid aside, and the entire force was sent to trench work. YLenkale and St. Paul's are strongly fortified, and all around Kertch, from seaboard to seaboard, a fosse from 12 to 16 feet deep and six feet broad has been dug, and a rampart from seven to 12 feet high erected. Guns have been placed so as to command every direct approach, and there are now abundance of ammunition andprovisions enough to keep us from starving for several weeks to come. Better than al still, our troops are beginning to " show up" to greater and greater advantage daily. They are newly rigged out in their English uniform and long boots; they are kept hard at work, are well fed and well paid,-are sober, submissive, and extremely well behaved. They treat their officers with every respect; in fact, it is daily becoming more marked, and few would beieve that they are the same people who were but a short time since handed over to our rule. Of course amon,g so large abodytheremust bemany blacksheep. But crimeis the exception, not the rule; and wenow hear nothing of those horrible atrocities which made one's blood run cold toreadof during the "sacking' of Kertch." That the Turks are a bigotted, fanatic, ruthless race no one can deny; and it was a tremendous experiment, placing a handful of Europeans over thom to displace their old officers, and locating the force at a place far from aid of any sort in case of an outbreak, thereto upset their old customs, held by them in veneration, and introduce those of the more civilized part of the world. But such have lumn tho tact and judgment shown and the delicacy withwhich the curbwastightened and thenslackened that now their ways are daily approaching more to our ways, and a feeling of attachment between the men and their officers, many of whom are able to converse with them, is daily becoming more apparent. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the chief who has brought about this state of organization; a more judicious selection could not possibly have been made. Notwithstandingthe immense amount of office work he has to doand you will allow that it is considerable when I tell you that he has to correspond with the home authorities, others at Sebastopol, stil more in the Sea of Marmora, General Smith at Shumila, and with the Polish Legion-stil I say, with all this, he is evervwhere seeing and judging for himself. He is held in high estimation by the French, but an uufortunate and most disag-reeable ill feeling exists on the partof theregular troops of Her Majestytowards theirregularsof the Contingent; and the officers have actually not had the civility to call on the gteneral, nor do the officers in any way associate. From the colonel downwards it is the same; and, if report be true, he has actuallydedlined to obey his orders, or done so with a bad grace. This division of authority and responsibilitymust necessarily paralyze combined action, and when the enemy does come we shall feel it. General Vivian is charged with tacitly "sanctioning the pulling down the few remaining houses in KertcK" The general order, which I enclose, issued immediately on his alrival here, is the best refutation of that cahunny. There is no reckless expenditure here, and the efficiency of the force warrants us in hoping that we may be of some service in this great war when the season opens, if the opportunity only be placed in our power. I am myself proud of the force good luck has happened to attach me to, and, like all others serving so good a master, I am very desirous to render my part of it as efficient as possible. Talk of Indian officers versts Queen's-why, there is at present almost an equal division of both. But among ourselves we know no distinctionperfect unanimity exists; all are actuated by one purpose-a desire for the welfare of the public service, and an eager wish to please a chief who, to use the words of your able correspondent at Sebastopol, "draws the reins gently, but rly, and corrects the evils which tend to mar the elciency of the force in the fieldj"-who-is ever ready to temper justiece with mercy, and who knows no friend but he who shows himself most zealous for the public good. The following is an extract from General Orders, dated the 23d of October, 1855:- "1No.4. The Lieutenant-General desires that an immediate stop be put to the destrmction of property of any description in tho ports of Kcrtch and Yenikale held by the British and Tnrkish troops, and calls upox the respective comumnders strictly to carry out this order." AB 3IVR:N, -OfficiAt8n Stff-S=Ceon, - Ordnae Dep.atment, in Charge bf Obimmtory. I XrIkk Jan. 5, 28M.
- , FOREIGN XYTELIGENOCE. 1 7 R.ATT" .: - (Fnom OUR oW"s aoRERp-lonDE.) | A 1^ortion of the following appcrd in our secona edi. Ition rS-t=rdav-I PARLS, FIDAmY, JAN. 25, 6 P.L In my letter of Stnday last, spealdng of the place that would be selected for the peace conferences, I mentioned that the French Government had not, and would not, demand Paris, but that, if proposed by England, they would make no objection. I believe I can now inform you that Paris is the place selected. The Emperor Niapoleon proposed to the English Government that London should be the pLace, and-the English Government, not to be outdone in courtesy, fixed on Paris, and expressed a hopa that no objection would be made. This choice, of course, gives satisfaction here, and has been readily acquiesced in by Russia. Each Government will, no doubt, put its best champion forward to represent it on the occasion, and the public voice seems to approve beforehand the choice that would be made of Lord Palterston, nor would Lord Clarendon be an nnpopular one. The Russian Government has fixed on M. Brutnow as its representative. It is not true, by the way, as has been stated, that an intimation has been made to Prxia that-her acceptance of the Austrian propositions is a sne qad won to her admission to the conferences. I believe no intimation has been made to her on the subject, and it is to be hoped that Prussia will be left in the same inglorious loneliness in which her own choice has placed her. I shoulld have saidthat the Russian Government previously ascertained that M. Brunow would not be objected to by England and France. M. de Buol is spoken of as the Austrian Plenipotentiary. SATURDAY, JA?. 26, 6 P.m The following private telegraphic despatches have been received 1 ViEN,.sA, Jan. 26.-The diplomat.c representatives of Austria have, it is said, received orders to formally disavow all that has been said on the subject of a pretended convention relative to the reconstitution of Poland under an Austrian Archduke. A ukase has just been published, open. ing the frontiers of the Russian empire to all the travellers against whom they have been closed since 1848." "BRRLIN, Jan. 26.-Holland, as well as Austria and Prussia, has been very urgent with Russia with a viewto peace. Serious doubt is expressed as to the existence of the circular of 3L do Nesselrode, to which is attributed an unfavourable interpretationof the acceptance of the Austrian propositions." "1aESoURG, Jan. 25.-A now loan, amounting to 600,000 silver ronbles (2,400,000f.), is about to be levied on Finland for the expenses of the war." "' YADRiD, Jan. 25.-The Government of the Qneen has raised to the rank of Lieutenant-General Major-Generals Leynerich, Ruiz, and Prim. xL Corradi is appointed llEnister Plenipotentiary in PortugaL The establishment of the Credit Society of Catalonia will be authorized." By a recent decision of the Minister lof War, the soldiers whose time of service expired on the 31st ult. are to continue in their respective corps until they be replaced by the recruits of the class of 1856. A similar measure was adopted last year as respects the soldiers of the class of 1847, and the Emperor, to compensate them for that additional service, grantedthemaninmrease of pay from the day they were entitled to liberation. The same favour is to be enjoyed by the men of the class of 1848. The Court of Correctional Police of Lyons tried, on the 23d, four persons accused of having clandestinely imported seditious publcations into France, and among others, M. Felix Pyat's letter to the Queen of England. They wore, it appears, forwarded from Geneva in double-bottomed casks. Three of the accused were sentenced5to two, three, and six months' imprisonment, and the fourth was acquitted. The Mangoesn publishes the retun of the procuce and consumption of beetroot sugar since the opening of the season, from which it appears that there were 273 manufactories in operation on the 1st of January, 1856, or 66 more than at the corresponding date of 1855. The quantity of sugar manufactured, including 2,359,141 kilogrammes lying over since last year, was 53,826,827 kilogrammes, or 17,339,364 miore than in 1854. The sugar sold for consumption or deposited in the Government bonding stores amounted to 38,050,255 kilogrammes, being a difference in favour of 1855 of 16,652,093 kogrammes. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 69f. ILc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-lalf per Cents. at 94f. 90c.; and the last Loan at 69f. 90c.; Orleans]Railwayshares,1,200f.; GreatNorthern,897f. 50c.; Strasburg,920f.; New shares, 782f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,177f. 50c.; LyonstotheMediterranean, 1,3251.; Western of Ferance, 798£. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 70af.; Great Central of France, 600f.,; Lyons and Geneva, 705f.; Bank of Cre'dit Mfobilier, 1,445f. ; Austrian ailways, 815f. Cours Authntique.-PARus, Jan. 26.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 50c. 60c. 50c. 60c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent paid), 9Sf05c.- ditto Certificates (35 percent. paid), 95f.05c.; TepCt 69f. 69f. 1o. 20c. 15c. 20c. 69f. 6Sf. 90m.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 69f. ; ditto, second Lon of 1855(35 per cent._paid), 69f. 50c. 55c. 60c. 75c. 90c.17Oc. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent, paid), 69f. 50c. 55c. 60c. 7ac. 9sc. 70c. ; Bank Actions, 3,250f. - Credit }-oncier, 570f. 5S0f. ; ditto Obliations of 500f., Four per Cents., 420f.; ditto, Tenths, 97. 5Oc. * aittoobligations of 500i., Three per Cents.,1370f.; Credit Mrobiller 1,460f. L,452f. Skc. 1,4501. 1,447f. 50c. 1,445f.; Discount Baul; 6S5f. 6301.; Piedmonte3e Five per Cents., 861.; Austrian Five per Cents., 8.3A; Rornans, 84; S p anish Three per Cents., 40; ditto, Lnmterior Debt, 36 36. Exchange on THE MEDIERANEAN. MARSEILLES, JAI. 24. The people of Marseilles have been gratified this week with the sight of Russian cannon captured at Sebastopol. The steam-frigate El Dorado arrived here onTuesdeay, fromToulon, and yesterday she landed many pieces of Russian artillery, brought by her from Kamicech. They consist of numerous heavy iron guns, with their carriages, and some bronze pieces of smaller calibre. The iron guns appear to have seen much service, and are greatly damaged; the brass guns are in good order. They are stamped with the dates of 1816 and 1830. Enormous quantities of shot and shell have arrived from the Crimea, and are piled up in huge pyramids in the Artillery-ground. Provisions of all kinds, with wine and brandy, continue to be forwarded to the army in the East, and a plentiful supply of hay for the cavalry. The weather continues to be tempestuous in the Mediterranean, and accounts are daily received of shipwrecks on the coast. Seventeen vessels are aground between Cette and Port Vendres. The Spanish steamer Newa, Captain Valspinosa, which sailed from Barcelona for Cette on the 12th inst. with a cargo of wine and wool, experienced a hurricaie of more than ordinari violence on the 14th, and was thrown on the coast near St. Cyprien, at the mouth of the Tech. The captain endeavoured to bear up for Port Vendres, but a heavy sea broke the wheel and carried away the binnacle. The passengers and crewv (33 in number) were providentially rescuedfrom their perilous position by the exertions of the inhabitants of St. Cyprien and the Coast Guard.. They had scarcely reached the shore when the Coast Guard announced another ship aground. She proved to be the brig' Ars~ne, of Marseilles, from Oran for Toulon, with a general cargo. She struck at a hundred yards from the steamer. Further accounts from Port Vondres, of the 20th inst., announce the loss of the French brig Heuriette, with a cargo of wheat from Gigelly, in Africa, for Marseilles. The ship ws literally dashed to pieces on the roks by the violence of the winds. Tshe crew was saved, with the exception of One boy. A: letter from Bastia, in Corsica, of the .18th inst., announoes the los3 of a ritish bri,g, laden with forage for the Crimea. Of the crew of 11 men oy two were saved. The mail steamer Progrs, from Marseilles to Bastia, was forced torns for Africa. Immense supplies of wheat and flour continue to arrive at reilles from the Vnited States. TheUfniverse arrived yesterday fkom New York, whence she sailed, on the 25th of November, with 5,242 barrels of fliour and 5i,934 bushels of wheat, on account of the French Government. The corn-market continues to decline, with little business doing. -A letter from Toulo, dated this ming an nouncestlie arriv.i d-4t1t;port of thep-o-the'line'~Jena; frfoni- KiinieSc, and the steamfrigate Dirien,I fronm ainiesc, with 150 uili*t. pas .i Siesaler.-i'.C: *. - - '-:' .- SP ' Senor Rivero's animadversionson the politiWl course of the Government in a democratic sense lasted for two hotirs, axd broiught out aU tlio Mi- nisters,' including the DIuke de la Victoria, and the sittng was prolonged till 8 p.m. to get rid of the subject; but they led to no result, and no proposition was submitted O as to allow a vote to be taken on any. part of the subject; but Senor J. B. AIlonso, who has been 'dismied from a post held under the Govermment for voting against the latter on Senor Sagasti's proposition, announced that he would bring the question forward again on the first day set aside for interpellations, kc. Some erroneous statements have found their way into the journals respecting the Cr&lit Mobilier Company here and other schemes; one journal gives a full list of directors of the former scheme, and anether speaks of the probability of a junction taking place between that and another projected association of Spanish firms, both of which have just obtained concessions fromtheCortes. I understand that as regards the latter object-i. e. the union of the Credit Mobilier and Spanish Companies-there is this slight foundation for the report, that the idea of a junctionwas suggested by General Concha, Marques del Duero, in a spirit of conciliation ; but it iseonsideredas impossible tobe realized, from the different iiews entertained by each company regarding the objects to be aimed at, andI am informed that it is quite given up. With respect to the directors of the Cr6dit' Mobilier Company, .I learn that the names put forth are quite imaginary-that, in fact, the parties in Paris will be consulted before anything be done in the matter, and the only three directors who have as yet been named are M. Osma, late Minister of Peru, and a resident here; Count Vegamar, and Mr. O'Shea. The president miust be a Spaniard, but no one has yet, I believe, been fixed on for that office since the death of the Duke of Sotomayor. The Marquis of Miraflores would have been considered in every way a suitable person to be applied to but for his particular position as regards political matters. The conferences going on between the Tarif Com. mittee and the commissionera who represent the different interests affected by the proposed tariff reform are hield daily. Cottons have been got through, and woollens are now under discussion. The agents of the manufacturers maintain that the proposed protective duties of 25 per cent. are quite inadequate, and propose 35 per cent, at least. The discussion on this subject will be resumedto-day; and a deputation of rIadrid cloth dealers and tailors and other persons connected with the trade in rmade-up clothes have desired to be allowed to show the injurytheir trades would sustain from tariff reform, particularly as regards made-up clothes. Senor Calatrava, president of the Tariff Committee, appointed to-morrow for the purpose of hearing their observations. Colonel Cardero, Governor of this province, has, in conformity with the directions of the Honie Minister, formed a board, or junta, composed of deputies for the province, members of the provincial deputation, corporation, &c., for receiving requests for work, classifying the petitioners, and destining them to the works already commenced, or about to be commenced. The 50,000,000 reals applied for as an extraordinary credit by Senor Luxan for roadmaking will give employment to a good mnany people, and aboout 400 men will be set about repairing roads in this province by orders of the Government, while the corporation of M ridwi furnish similar emnployment to many others. The funds are rather lower to-day. The Three per Cents. are quoted at 36 20, and the Deferred at 23 5.
T2HE NEWS OF PEACE IN FPAAWE AIM IN ENGLAND. (From the ERwih.i"s,r. To judge by the tone of the French tress (no very good criterion certainly, but the tone of aDlpnvate letters is the same). our neighbours are cnn p bored at the supposed approach of peace;* and it is ma3de a subject of reproof to us on this side the Channel that we do not display the isae enthusiasm. Thereare,however, agreatmany excusesfor the absence of so much ardour of expectatiou on Our side; just as there are agreatmany undeniable reasons that should fairly render peace at te present moment, and under the conditions proposed, more acceptable to the French than to us. The French have immensely gained by the present war. We say it in no spirit of envy,but as amatterof honestcongratulation. Before the war began, French influence had not much weight in the Levant, nor in the eyes of Eastern nations did France take the rank which was reallyher due. Orientals judge only by events which have passed in their latitudes, and in tTis respect our friends and allies had been at some disadvantage. But this is no longer the case. France has sent 100,000 men through the Bosphorus. Their crowded legions have shown themselves in rapid succession inthe portor on the hils of Constantinople itself To them has manly fallen the glory of the successful storniing of SebastopoL Thereisnolonger the fear that in anynego tiations affecting national interests in Syria, EgPypt, or' elsewhere, the Turks can ever hereafter be indifferent to the power and the friendship of the French. We say all this without grdgilng to tha great people any one of the advantageswhica theybave nobly earned, and to which they are fuliy entitled. But, in admittin that they have gained al they sought or could desire in the Crimea, let us not affect to conceal what we English have lost. A predominant interest with us in this war was not merely to strengthen the Ottoman empire on the side of Europe, but on that of Asia. Russia, by her encroachmeats and conquests south of the Caucasus, has nob only mastered Persia, but inflicted danger and material loss upon Turkey. What have we done to conteract this ascendancy, or evento demonstrate'to the Asiatic Powers and tribes that. we are able to make astand against it? We have alloweed the conquest of Kars; we have tolerated the intrigues and' ananceuvres of Persia in favour of the Czar; we have quietly seen Herst taken, and the British Envoy obliged to retire from Teheran; and all thletime we have utterly failed in making any use wfhatever of the boasted symnathies, good dispositions, and power of the Circassians. *edsrye The forts .and raised the blockade of their country, yet have managed matters so ingeniously that in return theyhave not fired a shot or wielded a scimitar for us We were told that at any time Schamayl, by menacing Tiflis, might recal the chief forces of Russia from the extremity of Georgia; yet General Moucavieff perserved for months in besie"ixr l<iar, and not only werewve unable in anywVay to effect a diversion, but we utterly lost one of the noblest opportunuities for a triumph of the last importance which lay ready to our hand, and wihich the skill and valour of our own countrpmen had prepared for us. We are not now entering into any consideration of the causes of al this. We are simply explaining the manifest reasons why Englishmen do not welcome peace with that exuberant content which overflows very naturally from the bosoms of the French. On the one side, the French have gained enormously in political weight through this war. On the other, our salutary powerand infltence-we say salutary, for we would exert it on behalf of peace, and not for conRkuest or aggression-have diminished precisely in those regions where it most wanted increase and confirmation. It may be that Russia, by the negotiations on which she has now entered, sincerely as well as formally abdicates her: design of augmentingher territories in Europe. But she may also do this with the secret resolve of indemifying herself in Asia, and of directing south of the Caucasus the aggression which has been repelled from the Danube and the Euine. We have played her game if this be so, for it is now more practicable andeasy than it was at the opening of the struggle. So far we have been considering only to what degree the state in which this interrupted war leavesAsia maynot unfairly have its effect upon the thinker and the politician, in diminishing his ardour at the prospect of such a peace. Bnt in this we have not comprised a more popular, if not more dangerous, ground of discontent. The people generally are dissatisfied that the Redan assault should harevbee tht last ineffective blow struck by England. They are thoroughiy discontented with the management and conduct of great naval expeditions, undertaken at enormous cost and ending in quite inadequate results. All this has led to a feelin which may in its turn probably lead to manifestations rather startling to our peace negotiators, whether or not their pacific lahours be successfuL The extent to which, with us, a navy and an army can be kept up in time of peace, must hereafter depend more entirely upon the strength of the good opinion the public may have of the waT i whch they are manaed and administered. No one is blind to the distrust and deep discontent which prevails at present on this head; and what anaother camoaign's sucecess might have done for cur military and navalwdepartments, the willnow have t o for themselvesfndertialsand difficulties of no ordinaryind. The minister who basnot coerage to look steadily in the face those thorough changes and reforms which will now be damoronsly demanded, or who thinks it possible'- to avail himnself of any amount of satisfaction caused by the cessation of war to get back armv and navy to the old stationsay system, wcill soon find his peace laurels wither. ' w h b Notwithstadingrall these considerations, howwever, the relative condition of england and crance in the presence of the pealce negotiations may faitly excite some surprise. When we consider that wvar has brought -no material ia crevse of direct taxationh in e ante, we may wonder at her sighing for peace uder 'burdens so comparatively lght, whileEngland,soheavily txe, can yet in,dulge in the exuberance of a disinterested ardour. But the most severe of all taxes, the eteme dearneis of- th necesaries of life, it so sharply Pelt Throughout Prance at present, and is so generaly attributed to the' war, that peace-is greeted as1tnonymoui witir- returning plenty and lowr ptica, . -ether likel to be realized or -not,~ the~ sehtitaen Pt 6 p led' 44: years of peace have -in sober trau. trasformed anp%e, -tuder- any, continued strain or prenureupod her.resources, intofar' more of an economicafiad an induatrialtbsjt,f a militr natibn, So rencutryat fodrt iitva a re'di axiom througiout Europe that the Enish were shopkeepers and the Fren ie-eatestato am The r6al fActtuui -Out teC& that the French are as brave soldire eve;, and the, Englishzas industrious ctizens, but thit ite Zralish, at a pinch, can show as much egerness for soldiering as their neighbours, and that th&e 'nch are quite as much attracte, as John Bull himself by tho firedde and by honest pi>s.
. TURY3:Y. 110.11,11,11111"hlllIllw 1. (FROM OUR20 W2s ODzsMPONDEM.1 CONSTANTINOPLE, JAN. 14. The more the particulars of the rupture betweenL the British mission at Teheran and the Court of Persia become knownthe more the opinion is ganing ground that Mr. Murray's retreat was precipitate. This was, up to a certain point, to be attri. buted to the circumstances under which heoasumed hispost. His predecessors had succeeded, by their meddling and vexatious policy, in alienating most completely the sentiments of the Perians, and had left him in the difficult dilemma either to espouse their quarrels, or else to break entirelywith the traditions of the mission and begin altogether a new line of polcy. Without a previous mnowledge of the country, or any one to advise him, it was diffcult, if not imposible, to adopt the latter alternative, especially as he was surrounded by thosa who had not only taken an active part in tlhe past policy, but had essentially contributed to form it. The frst reason put forward by the Persian Governuent against the appointment of Mirza Hashint was that he had not been regularly dismissed from the office which he had held before, and that, consequently,he belonged still tothe Shah's Court,and, as a Persian employg, was incapable of actig as an English agent. Having taken up this ground, the Persians endeavoured all along to give to the affair a domestic character and to maintain that the appointment was an interference with the internal affairs of the Persian Court, to which. the man belonged both byhis position and his maxiage. The arrest of tLj lady is a proof of this. lSot being able to touch the husband, who had taken refuge at the British mission, his wife was carried off by the family. It was not the Persian Government, but her brother, who took her away. In Oriental countries a woman by marrying does not entirely cease to be a member of her family; the latter is still supposed to watch over her. This is much more the case when a Princess marries. Then it is rather the husband who becomes a member of the wife's family. So as to the right which the brother had according to Oriental custom to carry off Mirza Hasbim's wife there can be no doubt, and it is only the time chosen for the execution of this intention and the manner in which it was done which are open to objection. It shows the animus of the Persian Court that, having ignored the lady's escapades before, it chose just the moment when the quarrel about the appointment of her husband was pending to alloW, or very likely to prompt, her brother to use his family right. Besides, the lady was carried off from her tent, which was pitched near the house of the Embassy, which added to the grievance. Another proof which the Persian Court gave of its intention to look at the matter as an interference in internal affairs was that the Shah himself, who never openly interferes in anything connected with the Government, wrote two autograph letters to Mr. Murray on the subject. They were written when MIr. Murry claimed the restoration of the lady to her husband, and it is an expression in one of these letters which precipitated the crisis. Mr. Murray, or rather his interpreters,that is, the people who were the original prompters of the whole quarrel, by recommending 3Mirza thaobim-thught they perceived in this phrase an allusion to personal motives in the wish of 1r. Murray to get the lady back. From that moment the correspondence became more violent than ever, and the rupture took place. The following is the Persian offlcial statement, published in the Teheran Gazefe:- " The Persian Govermaent, in consequence oEf the anxiety produced among the people by the interruption of the friendly reations between the Court of Teheran and the British mission, declares, for the tranqullization of all abroad and at home, that this circumstance, which was caused by the strong and dangerous pretensions put forward by lr. Murray, the British Minister, will not at all di- inish the friendly relations between Persia and England, or affect in any way tho neutrality of the Persian Court. The neutrality of the latter will remain firm and unchanged as hitherto, and the remaining Ministers of the alled Powers will be the witnesses that this cirn-ntance has had no effect on the neutrality of the Persian Court." From this declaration it is clear that there need be no apprehension of any complication on account of this untimely event; yet the sooner this absurd affair is arranged the better it will be for all parties; Constantinople would be, perhaps, the most convenient place to do this. I wrote to you about establishing a well orgauized police in Pera, of which the necessity makes itself every moment more and more felt. I hear the English French, and Sardinian military authorities are quite agreed about the measures to be taklen; but they find in their way the same stumblmg,block whiach the poor Turkish police long since gave up the idea of surmounting-namely, the privileges of the Ambassadors, MAinisters, and Charges dAffaires of a score of great and small Powers. There would be naturally no difficulty in making an arrangementwiththetwogreatEmbassies, but it would be a flagrant violation of international law to interfere with the jurisdiction of someCharg6s d'Aflhires, who woulld be thus deprived of the only little authority which they are ever called upon to exercise. So the matter rests with the diplomatic corps. On Wednesday last a kind of preliminary conferenceetokplaee atthehouseof theGrandVizier,Aali Pasba, about the fourth point-namely, the position and rights of the Christians in Turkey. The Turkish Government is said to have taken a very liberal view of the suibject, -which gives hopes that this important matter will lead to a satisfactory result. Preparations areiikewisemadefor the conference3 about the Danubian Principalities. They will probablybegin in i0 days or a fortnight. As the seveu years for which Prince Stirbey was elected will expire next May, it is important that matters should be settled before that period arrives. Several letters from Rustchuk and Giurgevo speak of a collision between the Austrian and Turlish soldiers garrisoning the latter town, in which two of the former were killed. Both garrisons were called to arms, as the quarrel threatened to assume a serious character. In the two letters which I have seen no particulars of the cause of the collision are given, only the excitement prevailing on both sides is described as very great. Officers arrived yesterday from Kertch say that the apprehension of a Russian attack has not altogether subsided. The health of the troops is unparalleled; in one division of the-Turldsh Contingent, numbering 4,000 men, only 24 are in hospital. The ice offers no im-pediment to the communication wt the vessels, which are lying on the edge of it, and are approached by sledges. ThePiusse d'Orient contains several lettersfirom Kinburn up to the 7th of this month. As at Kertch, they are expecting an attack there. From 25,000 to 30,000 Russians are said to be concentrated in Oczakoff and Cherson, and preparing to atack the place. In consequence of these rumours the French General of Artillery, Leliceuf, has beenb sent there by Marshal Pelissier with reinforcements, and several vessels wvith ammunition; the flotilla has likewise been augmented by several steamers, which are placed so as to sweep the approaches from the land side. Two Russian soldiers have been taken in a sortie while ascertaining the thickness of the ice. They agree about the intended attack, and say that the guns have been put on sledges, and the soldiers shoes providea with pointed nails, to be able to walk on the ice. Hitherto nothing but some reconnaissamces has taken place, and those always at a distance. On the 27th of last month 50 or 60 horsemen, escorEing the sledaes, approached the lines, but some shells and the %alls of the riflemen soon drove themn away. tHALF-rAST 3 P.M. The Fench mail, wtich has been overdue since Saturday, has just come in.
LAW JPOAr. Ct1T Or UCKNOER. lco!n's-n. JI. 2s, XX PARtTS BATY.MAS IT RZ 1ItOUTtJMGaE (Befom the Loiu Juic OS AIPP&TL- msn1 wa an appeal presented by Mr. Bateman, a timber %1ercbanit, nst a decisionof Idr. ComisonerGo-abun OuSUgto permitthe proofof adebtcclaimedbyhim against the estate of Mess Routledge, sAw-mill proprietors, for 4b'emsnsof 1,36M, the alleged value of certaintimber deli. #eredby himtotheni for the p= of being sawninto plank, and which, before the ears. Ptoutledge became ~Un-pt, wasdestroyed by fire. The statement in the e on depiffionslits on thle appeal ahd upon the adfflavits ud depoaitions before the commissioner was that Mr. Bateasian in August, I83 aged with Mfessrs RouLtledge to eidtimber to their mil or the purpose of ben sawn and they agreecl to hold all timber so sent and for tE. tMe 'being in their custoy, insured froin losasor dainage by fire, and to y to M1r. Bateman the value of ;1 or so mnuch of 4he timb,er as should be burnt. Timiber to the alleg&edvalue J)efore mentioned was sent to the sis early in 18, and en the 16th of February in that yearthe saie was destroyed 4thyre. Onthel7thof:MayM3r.Batenamnbrought anactionfor thevalue, and onthe 3Lstof thatinonththseMessrs.Rontledge awereadjudicatedbankrupt. Notwitbstandingthistheaction won'.on, the trial took place, and on the 10th of July a 'verdict was'returned for the plaintifi the defence being -that the agneement wias otvai,no dsute being raised ast tte value of the timber or the amount of loss; on the 10th of September judgment was signed, but no execuion was isued. Mr. Batemn appliedtothe commissioner for leave to prove against thebankruptVsestate for the ~,36. ut tthe applicatiowas r-efused for two reasons.irt, ha th ci""against the estate was merged in the .riount recovered in the action; and, secondly, that the amount cf claim had not been ascertained and could not be -ascertained. From this rejection of proof 3Mr. Bateman r. Bcon and Mr. Sey appeared for the appellant. -Mr. SWAnStorI and r.Bgey were for the assignxees, in -nipport of the decision of the coammission er. Mr. SkLWYN was heard in reply. Their Lordsiips have deferred judgment.
COURT OF QUEENS BENCH. WESrTZSP JANT AS NICHOLSON .1I%D ANOTFrlTT V a<c'rr IdMingi Banco, '_ore Lord CAMPBzLL and JUatke Co maw:. WIantA, and CRompTo.) This was a special case for the opinion of this Court. It appeared thata person named Lodge had been a member of the Stock-Fxc=he ad eupged largely in speculi,tions termed " time bargains"-v, purchases and sales of stock, to be supplied and pidfor on afutureday, or to be settled at " the account' by thepayment of "differences." 3eing a loser by these speculations, it became evident to him (Lodge), that on the next account day, the l0th of ?Tovensler, he would be unDable to meet his engagements on .the Stock-Exchange. Be therefore gave notice on the morning of thtdythat he was a " defaulter," and was posted as such in the usual manner. Accorintg to the rules of the Stock-Exchange, -wvhen a member becomes a defaulter he is bound to deliver up his bookS, &c., to an officer of the Stock-Exchange called he " official assignee," whose duty it then becomes to collect all sums due to the defaulter from members of the Stock-Exchange, and to distribute the same, without any regard to the creditors out of the house, among his creditors in that body.. The defendant in the resent action was the official assignee of the StockIELxchange, and as soon as the bankrupt had been de- clared a defaulter the defendant proceeded to collect the 'Eankrupt's debts to the extent of 11,000. and upwards, itsd distnbuted the same according to the rules of the Stock-Exchan"e among the bankrupts creditors in that body. i'he defaulter had since been adjudged a bankrupt Upon an act of bankruptcy committed on the 9th of November, the day before he becaime a defaulter, and, assignees having been subsequently Iapointed, they brought the p resent action against the ucial ashee of the Stock-Exchange torocoverthe moneys vnichhehiAreceivedfroithebankruptlsdebtorssin orderthat the money niught be distributed for the benefit of the general body of the bankrupt's creditors. The action was in form for moneyhadandreceived bythedefendanttothe Rlaintif's 'use. Among other pleas the defendant pleaded-first, that e was never indebted; secondly, that before he had any 'notice of any act of bankruptcy he had paid avay the roney; and, thirdly that the bankrupt was a 3nember of the Stock-Exciange and subject to its rules; that 'ie had become a defaulter, and that the defendant, as official assignee, had distributed the money to the extent of lOs. 6d. in the pound among the bankrupt's creditors in the Stock-Exchange, and had paid over the balance of 13WS. 6s. 9d. to the fund for decayed members, accordin, to the rules. At the trial, which took place some time since .before Lord Campbell at Guildhall, some evidence as given to show the nature of the bankrupt's transactions, which were what are called " time bargamns," to be settled by the payment of "differences," on the "account." On the part of the plaintiffs, it was contended that the money so received and distributed by the defendant was money belonging to the bankrupt, which he had paid by way of fraudulent preference to his Stock-Exchange creditors, and thatit would be recovered back as money had and received by the defendant to the plaintifl? use, to be by them distri. buted among the general creditors of the bankrupt. But, on ehe part of the defendant, it was contended that these transac. ions were illegal witbin the 8th section of SirTohn Beriard'sAct (the 7th George IL, chap. 8), intituled "An act prevent the infamous practice c. stockiobbing '' and that he money, consequently, never was the money of the bankupt5 and cold not now be recovered by his assignees. The ection said, "And whereas it is a frequent and mischievous rutice for persons to sell and dispose of stocks or otber ecurities of which they are not possessed, it is enacted that contracts and agreements whatsoever which shall be ade orenteredinto forthe buying, seln ing, or ansfering of any public or joint stck or stocks or otber mblic securities whatsoever, or of any part, share, or interst therein, whereof the person or persons contracting or ceeing, or on whose behalf the contract or agreement hail be made, to sell, assign, and transfer the same, shal ot,atthetime of the makiDg of such contract or agree. ent, be actually possessed of or entitled unto in his, her, or heir own right, or in his, her, or their own name or names, r in the name or names of a trustee or trustees to their ise, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatoever." The section then went on to render every peson o contracting liable to a penalty of 500t., and the broker egotiatin" such contract to a penalty of loaf. &lr. J.A1v'sr, QC. (w,ith vhom was .r. C. rollock), on e part of the plaintiffs, contended, in the first place, that here was no illegality in the bankrupt's transaction ; and econdlly, if there was, as soon as the money had been volu- y paid to the defendant, it became money had and reeived to tbe bankrupt's use, end could now be recovered by i.assignees. air F. TsrSIGP.sx (with whom were Mr. Hugh Hll, QC, ud Mr. Muliwood) contended thatthe contracts were clearly egal under the 8th section of the 7th George IL, chap. 8, d void. The money never was the money of the bank. pt, and could not be recovered by his assignees in this Lord CQUtPBELL said that the Court would take time to asider their decision. T'I QrxS. V. CAnPBELI (CLEXK). In this case a rule had been granted for a certioravi to move an order made by the Poor Law auditor of the iverpol distriet, whereby certain payments made by the ardians to the R ev. Mr. Campbell, rector of Liverpool, in of pauper funerals, hadl been disallowed. The estion raised was, whether the table of fees which had recently acted on by the rector could be supported ? e question turned ont the construlction of the 9itfi, 2th, ad28th sectionsoif a local act (the 10th of GeorIe I1 aI.l11. The 26th section enacted that the fees specified the schedule to the act should be the fees payable at esaid parochialchurch and parochial chapeL The27thsec n recited that, by the 59th of George m., it was enacted t certain commisssioners should be empowered tomakeand a table of fees for any parish with the consent of the stry and bishop, and it enacted that the commissioners ould be empolcred so to mnake suck a table of fees. The section then provided that the parochial cemetery or alground called St. IMary's, and the cemetery so pur. ea as aforesaid for the use of the said parish, under the of Victoria, should be deemed to all intents and purscemeteries or burialgrounds of or belonging to the roch2al church of St- Peter's and parochial chapel of St. cholas, " and such fees only shallbe demanded and em forburials in the said cemeteries respectively as are ed and mentioned in the schedule to this act as the espayabIeatthesaid parochialchurchandparochialchapeL" ge question was, whether a new table of burial fees could wbe made underthe27thsection? The anditor had diswowed the payments made according to a new table, on epound that theproviso contained in the 28th section nitd the l eneral power to make a new table of fees given the 27th section,;and rendered the table of "burial fees" ablshed under the 26th section permanent. hfr. PASfLEY, Q.C., (with whom was Mr. Aspinall), now wed cause aganst the rule, which was supported by 3r. E 1 , Q.C., and Mr. Ms=sn. dCxarnELL said, the rector was, no doubt, a most toriousminister of the church of Engand, and.he his name (Campbell) would long remam in honour, his lordship thought that there was no power to alter burial fees fixed by the 26th section; and ho thought proper construction had been put upon the act, by not dng any otherfees down to the year 1854. me other judges were of the same opinion. ule discharged, without costs. eting: at .ZVI*it PrisT, at GuilaVW, oefon' Mr. JuW - EPLn and Common Juries.) iUICHOLSON'r V. MsUMMs. h plaintiffbrought this action to recover compensation the loss of a horse and damwae to a cab, which be alleged cd in consequence of the negligence of the defendant'i tinimproperly driving a horse and gi7 Thededant pleaded "Not Guilty," and that the said horse and vrere not his property, and Were not under the care of HawinsandMr.Thompson Chitty appeared for the Shf; Mr. SeriantShee aPnd Mr. Dowdesawell for the , appeared from the evidence on the part of the plaintifZ e was a fly proprietor at Rochester, and that the wnl.iit as ai engineer residing at Woo0wicb, but then for the South-Datern RAiway Comiany, who were .4e1 in nmaking a branch line from Stroud to their :onatXaidstone. He was in the habit of driving about dorrcart-to superintend these works. On the 12th of dinher last the plaintiff's man was driving a horse and containing pasenger, from the Stroud station to :estery and, 3t bs ne got to Rochester, the dogeart in ion, driven b iaman-servant naumedWalterswhoalways e the defendant, met him, at apace of about lomiles an redogcrtwbeing onitiwrong cide,andnotwithstanding .ut-; kept its coese Uand a collicion took place. The , of£ #ecab go;;;downto Iook at his horse and found off.fide s~aft 5f the dogcart W etruck its near ide shoulder, infficting x deep and xtdive wound, from which {he blood poured as fro X "-quart pot." The horse gave a plunge or two and fell dead, upon which the plaintifs maan said to Walte*s, tbat he was on his wrong side. Walters replied that he was a "liar," and drove on vwithout WLitiD to see the consewences of the accident. Theplain-- tiff hdcaled upon the efendant at his office in Stroud a few days after the accident occurred, and asked about his horse, which, he said, had been ldlled by the defendant's servant in consequence of his negligent driving. The defendant replied, that he had heard that one of the plaintiff's horses had been kllled, but that neither were the horse and gig his, nor was the accident the fault of Walters, who was driving very slowly on his right side, taking the horse to the stable. The pl;intiffsaid, they had better have another meeting and confront the two men for the purpose of see;ng which cf themn was telling the trnth. The defendant agreed, and appointed the following Saturday for the meeting, but he never epthis appointment. Thevalneof the horseinquestion was from 181 .to 20., and the total loss to the plaintiff, including the amount of business he had been unable to do inconsequence of having no horse, was 30L. The defendant had ordered and paid forthe livery worn by Walters, and had hired the dogcart from a coachbuilderat Stroud. A very great number of witnesses were called in order to mnke out the plaintiff's ca.e. The case, as stated by the counsel for the defendant, vw that a 31r. Wise, being engaged in executin the works of the South-Eastern Railway Company at 'Stroud as their contractor, had engxged to supply the company with 500 horses in the year, which he was to keep, to be used in their waggons, cwrts, &c. The defendant was to have one of these horses aud a driver constantly in attendance upon him in order that he might travel from one part of the works to anotherwithout loss of time, as it was necesary for him to do in his position of superintendingengineer. Accordingly, the man WValters as sent regularly every day by Mr. Ise to attend upon the defendant w,ith a horse, and at first with a gig, hut thatnot answering the purpose for which it was wanted,the railway company had requested Mhr. Harrison to get a carrige of ho the entering into an reement to pay him Ii. per month. The man WValters, therefore, was tbo servant of Mr. Wise and not of lMr. Harrison, and, under these circumstances, it was contended that the plain. tiff was not entitled to recover againstthe presentdefendant. In support of the defendant's case,the deed of contract between Mlr. Wise and the South-Eastern Railway Company was pnut in to show that MIr. Wise had undertaken to suppry the horses which were required, including the one furnished to the defendant. The deed consisted of nearly 200 skins of parchment, beautifully engrossed, andapparently a complete lIga in,trument, but it turned out that no stamp ha been aied to any of the sldns, andto make it a valid deed it was requisite that apenalty of 101. should be paid, exclusive of the price of the stamp on each separate skin. This portion of the evidence had consequently to be withdrawn, as the parties were not anxious to pay betw:,en 2,0001. and 3,000l.. the sum in all probability the stamps and penalties would amount to. Several wbitnesses having been called, The counsel addressed the jury for their respective clients. His Ionvswsp, in summing up, said that he should direct the jury to find their verdict for the defendant on the second plea, with leave to Mr. Hawldns to move to enter the ver- dict for thejplainbiflf upon the facb. As the fhequestion of negligence, he should leave that to the jury;* if theythought the negligence v;as on the part of Walters, then they must sayto what damages they thought the plaintiff entitled;* if otherwise, their verdict on that point must aLso be for the defendant. The jury, after a short consultation, returned a verdict for the plaintsff-251. ThisGourt will not sit again until the 1lth of February. BATT COURT. Yesterday a judge was ready to come into this court, but there were no counsel. To-day counsel were in attendance, but no judge came in. :BRUC V. 3SIASOR ASND WIP. This case was part-heard on Tuesday, and was then adjourned over Wednesday to Thursday. Upon the ease being called on upon Thursday, a juror was withdrawn. The attorneys state that the female defendant would have sworn that only one of the many letters which were read, and which was not an anonymous one, was written by her, and that she had previously in an affidavit swoorn to that effect. Of course where a case is only part-heard, and then with. drawn from the jury, we are unable to state what the defence would have been had the case proceeded.
I COURT 0F COMION PL-BAS. WESTxm=S¶nL. JAN 2&- (Sittings in BEanco.-Hilary Ternm) The Court to-day only sat a short time for motions, some oftheir Lordships having to sit in the Court of Criminal AppeaL (Sittings at Nis! Priu.s, at Gui?dldall, before Mr. Justice Wanis and Comnzon Juries.) GalIFpy V. LIAVRENCE AND AD OT MIr. Simon apeared for the plaintiff, and lfr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Fiele for the defendants. This was an action brought for the recovery of a sum of 1291. 16s. 8d., alleged to be due from the defendants to the plaintiff for warehouse rent, rc., of a quantity of valonia deposited on the plaintiff's wharf. The defence was that the goods had been damaged while under the plaintiff'scare, and that an agreement had been entered into betwveen the parties that theamou,nt of such damage should be set off against the sum claimed for wzarehouse room. TFhe trial of this case lasted for several bonrn, but none of the details of the case were in the slightest degree interest i'h. jury found a verdict for the defendants. LAWS V. ASPDEN. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Pulling were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hnddleston appeared for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover the amount of a bill of exchange allegeA to fiav, ho ArZn an onAoro 1y the defendant, accepted byaperson named flirt, and taken forfllvaluebythe plainti. The defence was that the signature of Mr. Aspden on the bill in question was a the wrias; not consclulded whenL tahe Courl rose, and ws adjourned to Monday morning; w therefore reserve our report until its conclusion.
COURT OF EXCREQUM S&TRDAY. JAN. 26. 1EWSTONT V. PLLIPs. (Si&z1eu in Banco.1 Mr. MsWAID moved for a prohibition to the Judge of the LiverpooolCounty Court in this andtwoother cases, on the grcund that they did not fall vithin his jurisdiction. The plhint was brought under the 65th section of the 9th and 10,h of Victoria, chap. 95, which gave the County Courts jurisdiction to try suwts for "any legacy under a will,"and it was now contended for thedefendant that the case did not fall withinthatsection. -It appearsthatin1839 armandied, and by his will he gave certain furniture, goods, and debts to the defendant (who was his executor), in trust, to sell and realize the same, and invest 1001. and the interest thereon, until the plaintiff (his nephew), then aminor,shouldcomeof age, andthen upon trust to pay him the same, with power to advance the whole, or any portion, if such a step should be desirable. A similar provision -was also made for two sisters of the ;laintiff, to the extent of 60L At the death of the testator the mother of the children was "on the parish," and the defendant made from time to time certain advances for the support and benefit of the children, which exhausted all the funds; and when they came of age they each brought an action in the County Court against the defendant, to recover so much of their respective legacies as fell within its juisdiction, abandonmng the excess beyond that sum. The learned judge, on objection being made, stayed execution, in order that this role might he discussed, and it .was nowv argued for the defendant that the section of the act only appEiedto the case of a mere legacy, where nothing remnained to be done but for the executor to hand it over to the legatee. In the oreset case, however, the esecutorwas clothed with a complicated trust, and the legatees. by the p rocess of the County Court, wrere virtually suing himn for a oreach of the trust. 3fr. ASPLsD showed cause a"ainst thewrule inotheifst instance, and cited " Spears v. Wilson"' (6, Exbh. Reports, p. 833), where this Court held that a sum given to an ese. cuter i trust to pay to the legatee was a legacywhich could be recoveredf i the County Court. 3rr. ArDWABD, in reply, relied on the subsequent case of "iBe Fuller" (2, ceis and Blackbursn's reports), where the decision of this Court ws explained, and shown to be quite in accordance with the present contention of the defendant, and the distinction drawn between a leg,acy in the hands ot an executor and one in the hands of one who was both executor and trustee, in which latter case the legatee could oul W resort to equity. dhe Conors was of opinion that the distindion so taken was -we founded, and that in the present case the County Court had no jurisdicion. The rule for a prohibition must therefore benade absolute in each action. Judgment atcordingly. NEVr TPix PAPZR.-WATLIKG V. Et.. Thi wasarne fora newtrial onaflidavits. The action was brought to recover damages from the defeudant for not makg reasonable exertions to raise the vessel of the plaintifhf, which hadgone ashore on "the Brambles San,"in te Solent Sea, in pursuance of his engagement so to do, and for falsely and fraudulently representing to the plaintifls that the ship could not -oe raised, and thereby inducing them to sell her as a wreck At the trial before Mr. Justice rslliabns, at Wrichester, ith appeared that the vessel in question, which was laden with coal for Southampton, having gone ashore in heavy weather, the agent of the plaintifSs appliedn to, and employed, the defendant, adhois manager of ane SofthauIpton Steam-tug Company, to raise her, and it was agreed that he should receive 60a. for three attempts, and 2he. morea if he was successful The .efendant did nmke three attemPts, but, ashe alleged, they all failed y reason of the vessel having settled down into a complete d-ock, and thereueon, her cargo and fithtigs having ofeen removed, the plamtsff put the hull up to auction about eight days after, when she was bought by the dlefendant for 21aS agre wreck. To the surprise of the plantiff;b however, the vessel soon after made its anpear. ance at Southampton in perfect order, and it *as ascertained that the defendant had-succeeded in raising her without any difficulty whatever. Inwspport of thev serious charge against the defendant, a ran named Ste was exaniined, who proved that on the final attemptar. sawt the defendant knock out a belt in-a chain by winch a buoy was attached to the vessel, just as she was about to float out of . the "dock"-a step which frustrated the attempt as a matter of course. This act the defendant deniedon oath. The plaintiffs further relied on the extreme facility with which the defendant ultimately raised the ship, and onthefactthathe had sent a man -teo ascertain her conditiou, and,-had learnt that he could easily raise her in conecquen*e of a change in the wind on the night before the sale, and had not communicated his information -to the pJaintas proof that be had been actuated by a fraudulent eVnftu ghout the affair. The iur having found a verdict for the phintiff generally, witL M0!. damages, this rule was obtainedfor a new trial on affidavits, showing that thie evidence of St.' iggwa not trustworthy,-as severa men who were present-besides him had not orbseyr'ved tthrera metn- Mr. t liur and Mr. llOwxE hs,ving been beard for the Mr3L-. .M, $@u and- 3rr. HODGE appeared in Eupport of- th e rule, which had been granted on the defendint bringing into court the amount of the verdiet and 501. to meet the costs. They urged that the defendant wfas entitled to have n uew trial, as the charge was one which involved his character and retutation; and as the learned Judge had intimated that, ibis opinion, "there had been some hard swrearing on the put of tho p1aintifi4 thouf h he thought the verdict ws a correct one on the whole,' they earnestly urged that justice would not be done without nother triaL The COURT (consisting of Barons Alderson, PIatt5 and idartin) seemed to be divided in opinion, hut ultinmately it Iwas intimated that they would taJce time to consider whEat course should ho adopted.-udgsncut deferred accordingly.
I CEOuE.1 cnXmBER SATRWBAY. JAw. 26. I SrNs FOR THE COxS1DERATiO, op Citow CASES I RESERVED. (Fresefn,-27ie UHIEF BARON and JTstice CoLIDGE, CEE;SEWL,, Ws , and Baron 31sri.) TE QUEEN V. MOA. The prisoner was indicted for that he, being in the service of the Crown, received a large sum of money, to wit 5,a0001, und did steal the same. It appeared that tLe prisoner was employed in the collection of inland revenue in Cheshire; it was his duty to receive the same, and to account for it and pay it over to the surveyor when he came round. On the 13th of September the suveyor called on him and showed that he had received 5,2141., and asked ii he was prepared to payit; the prisoner replied that he was not. The surveyor then reminded him that he had not paid 30(K which he had received for Excise duties on the previous Mionday. The prisoner then took out 2551., a check for 551. 8s. 4d., and a post-office order for 14s., and said that was all the money he had in the world. The surveyor asked him what he had done -with the rest. The prisoner said he had spent it in an unfortunate speculation. It was objected that there was no evidence of the receipt and misappropriation of any particuar sum of money; he could not be convicted under the 2d of William IV., chap. 4, which made him liable to be traisported for 14 years. The case was tried before Mr. Justice Cresswell, who reserved the point made by the objection. Mr. BALLAN!I-Th2 now appeared for the prisoner, and contended that, unless the prisoner was convicted of embezzling a particular sum, he might be indicted over andover again forstealing particular sums on particular days, and could not plead that ha had been before tried for stealing those particular sums. Ihe Covstr.-If those sums were included in the account showing a balance of 5,2141., he could plead that. The prisoner was charged wiith a felony becauise the art made at a felony. Mr. BAr NTmE said, if this conviction wassustained the prisoner might have been convicted of a hundred different acts of embezze'ment, lthough onlythree charges were allowed to ho included in one indictment. Mr. Justice COLFRT71GE-If a person bad put three different sums of 201. into a bag, and a man took out 15t., you would say that man could not be indicted. Mr. BARLrnB would go that length. fr. Welhy appeared for the proSecultion, but was not called upon. The COuRT held that whatever diBliculty might exist as regarded the larger sum of 5,0001, there was no difficulty as to the smaller sum of 3001. The statute had intendedto give every facility for punishing persons guilty of improper conduct with respect to the receipt and disposal of money belonging to the Crown. It was clear, according to the prisoner's own statement, that he had the 3001., and had employed uart or the whole of it on speculations of his own. Mr. Baron MARTJ2S protested against decisions of judges years ago. and before this act was passed, being brought for the guidance of this Court. The act of Parliament should be read, and its intention ascertained, and then acted upn. As to the smaller sum there was no difficulty, nor di he tbink there was anyas to the larger sum. Conviction affirmed. TME QUEEN V. JOHN J-E5SOP. The Prisoner was convicted of amisdemeanourof receiving lOs. as benoty money for enroling himself in the Kent Artillery, and it was alleged against him that he had improperly answered the questions put to him under the Mutiny Acts. One question was whether he belonged to any other corps; and another was whether he had served in the army. The prisoner answered both in the negative, although he had before been enroDed in the Kent Militia. The prisoner was tried before the Ilecorder of Canterbury, and it was left for this Court to say whether he was rightfully convicted. The first point was whether the militia was the army. Wr. RussELL, for the prosecution, contended that he had obtained the money by a false representation, which came within the Matiny Acts. The CouxT decided that on the first count there was nothing to sustain it, and as to the other counts the Court had not sufficient stated in the case for them to affirm the conviction, which therefore must be quashed. Conviction quashed.
PREROGATIVE COURT. SATuIDAY. JAN. 26. DYCE SOMIBRE V. TROUP, SOLAROLI WTERVENING, AN'D rRINSEP,-A- VIE HON. EAST I.DIA COP.ANLY ALSO IVUERVEFNDG. (Befre Sir JOHN DoDsoN.1 Sir J. DoDsoN delivered judgment in this case, which was argaed last Trinity Term, and occupied the attention of the Court 19 days. The substance of the pleas was reported in 27ie ;2nes of May 31, and. the arguments of counsel on the 7th of Jinly. his was a question, he said, as to the validity of the will and codicil of Mr. David Ochterlony Dyce Sombre, deceased, the vil bearing date the 25th of June, 1849, and the codicil on the 13th of August in tho same year. The deceased .a. .I ii, IoI- m ma ginge ln HJ-street,_ Berkeley-square, possessed of a very large amount of property. The will and codicil were propounded by Mr. I. T. Prinsep, one of the executors named therein, the other two esecutors-rnamely, the Hon. Moun-tnart Blphin. stone and Sir EL IL Elliott-not being parties thereto. Probate was opposed by the Hon. Mrs. Dyco Sombre, the widow of the deceased; by Ms. Troup, his lawful sister; and by the Baroness Solarolh, asserting herself to be his lawful sister, but whose interest had been denied by Wr. Priisep on the asserted groand of illegitimacy. She had, however, been admitted a contradictor to the will, and had appeared by her proctor and counsel. The East India Coropany had lik-ewise intervened, supporting the will and codicil, but they had not thought it necessary to offer any allegation in the cause. The will and codicil were in due form, having been respectively prepared by a solicitor, and executed by the deceased in the presence of no less thau three witnesses, all of whom were of the medical profession. The learned Judge then stated the substance of the will, and went on to say that the opposition to the testamentary paperswas founded upontheaver. ment that the deceased was of unsound mind when they were prepared and executed-that he was labouring, not under general insanity, but that form of it which lwas msully termed monomania. On the other hand, it was contended that the deceased was at all times of perfectly sound mind; that the supposed delusions under which he was said I to have laboured were not of an insane character, but were attributable solely to his Asiatic habits and manners, and to things prevailing in India; and that, even if he was of unsound mind at any time, yet he had entirely recovered previously to the execution of the will and codicil. The principles of law applicable to cases of this description were laid down in " Waringv. Waring decided bythe Judicial i Committee, and reported in 6, Moore, P. 0. cases. The judgpnent in that case was binding upon this Court, even if it entertained different opinions from thosethere expressed, which it did not. It was delivered by Lord Brougham, and was concurred in by all the other judges. The deceased, it appeared, had been born in Sirdhiana, sn the upper provinces of Bengal, in or about 1808, and had descended from ancestors some of whom were of European and others of Asiatic orign As to his exact pedigree the parties were not agreed, hut it was of no importance to detemine whether European or atsiatih blood prevailed in his veins. It was of more importance to consider by whomI he was brought up, wrhere he was educated, and with whom he assoiat e. From the evidence of Dr. Drever it appeared that the deceased was conversant to a considerable degree eith E uropean manners; that he had been educated by a clergyman of the church of England, who wa amarred man, and who had a family; that he afterwards associated with offcers and ladies who visited at the Begum Sombre's; and that he was in the habit of gein to military stations and visitig the officers. The deceased, therefore, was nut altogether ignorant of European manners, though born in India. Other wiitnesses gave a similar account, but there wras a difference of opinon among them with respect to his jealousy of women. In 18 6 her Eigh- - ness the Begam Sombre died, and in 1838 he arrived in England. In 0l& he was married to the daughter of Lord St. vm¢centJ and they continued to cohabit together antil March, 1843, when he was put-under restaintat the Claren. don Hotel as ae lunstic, whence he was removed to Hanoverlodge. In September that year he was atowed to travel for his health, accompanied by Dr. Grant; he escaped from Liverpooland arrived in taris on the 22deort23diof that month. The charte was, that he cecame insane in 1842 and 1843, and thet it was necessary to put bin under restait. On the other hand, Mr. Prinsep saserted that he did not believe that he was at any time insane. If it was estabished that he was insane at that t ime, then the question would arise whether he had recovered from It previourly to the execution of the will? The onus pf-t bdimdi must in thefirst place lie upon the party setting up insanitwa; evetypetson must be presumed to be of sound mind unbil the contrary was shon h Ther testion ras whether mrDye Eombre had duly discharge that oenu; whetheryshehadnroved to the satisfaction of the Court that in1842 and 1843 he wassof usound mind. Sarah te, the lady's-maid of M Dtce Sombre, proved that he charged his wife with cominittsng adultery witE a great number of people, andamong themwith her own father. That was something more than Asiatic jelousy. He alleged that she had been guilty of that crime with waiters, shop- 1 men, and soldiers. On one occasion he asserted that r. Dyce Sombre's father had confessed to him that he had been gniltyoftheoffence. Thovalletof Mr. DroeSombretoacertain extent confired the lady's-m id. b The facts, howrever, did not rest on the evidence of servants cian hadbeen- exained by whom he had been attended, and by whose| athority he hadbeen put under restraint. Sir Jams Clarkce. deposed that one delusion under which he labonred whs, that his wmie had been guilty of adultery with her father in Hyde ParCnl in open day. Certainly that was insanity. Dr. Meonu> corroborated Sir James Clarke as to the insanity of the decmeased in 1843, anda dded that he entertained a belief that hc was vercy likely to -be poisonied-a very frequnent attendant upon diseases of this krind. Dr. MWartin said that be was aware of the delusions of- the deceased respecting his wife from communications which he had made to him persnlly when at Hanover-lodge. Dr. Conolly g;ve evidence to the same effeet. Although in 1843 the deceased might at times have conve.aed rationally,.yet it was quite clear that he was incapble of making a will, or doing any act Tequiring thought, ji 3nent, and reflection. An inquisition was held upon hinn June, 1843, and the jUty found that he had been of unsound mind from October, 1842. The insamty having undoabtedly been established in 1843, the onus probandi shifted, and it was ncsrythat the parties settinig up recovery from it shou sa t the Court that their averments were well foundedTe Tedeceased having escaped to Paris, he was f.llow4ed there by Ir Frzere, who took with bima keeper. On his arrival he applied to the French authorities, through the English Arbassador, for rMr. Dyce Soombre to be delivered up; but it appeared to them that that was not the Prope course topursue- that it was not in conformity with the`French law; aAit was therefore determiined that ab investigation shouldtake lae An inquisition was held under the direction of the PIrdfet of Paris, and was attended by two or three physicans nominated by the F'rench authoDrities for that purpse, Rsy in his work on medical jurispradence, pointed out theo mde Of examin tion adoted in France andinEngland. It was said, in "Waring iV. Olaring," that the exPlantiOns of parties themiselve, could not be received as sufficient if they had an object in vievw. The French physicians came to the coaclusion that IMr. Dyce Sombre was of sound mind, but it appeared that they had nothing before them to guide them but his state- ents and a letter from Sir James Clarke, The deceaed made a most extraordinary statement before those gntle Imen. He charged Sir James Clarke with sending another physician to give him medicine which upset his understanding, the effect of which lasted three days, during which he was brought before a court of intuiry and, as the result; was incarcerated. To suppose that ;ir James Clarke could be guilty of the conduct imputed to him was out of the queston. He was asked about dueli and stated, in reply, that there had been onle one chl%enge, and the matter was amicably aranged, whereas there had been severaL He spoke of a paper in which there were some e- traordinary representations as to the mode in which he was to be reconciled to his wife, which he had put into the hands of Sir James Clarke as a joke, but Sir James stated that he gave it to him v7 seriously. If the French phyi cians could have bad Sir James examied before them te would not have given credence to the statements of Mr. Dyce Sombre. rs. Dyce Sombre, who seemed to havebeen a ind wife, wvrot letters to him to see if she could do anything for his comfort, and he produced one of those to show that they were on good terms, but the last time he visited her he withdrew fromlher with a sort of abhorrence. It was an exceedingly imperfect examination. The evidence could not be put in competiticn with that taken shortly before in England, and it could not have the effact of showing that he had entirely recovered, much less that he had never laboured under any delusions whatever. That he still entertained the same opinmons with regard to his wife was manifest from the eviaence of witnesses as to his conduct when at Paris. He repeated his charges against her, and said that he was ready to leave the matter to be settled by the Jockey Club at Paris. Mr. Quintin Dick stated that he charged him, shortly after the examination, with beiga osirtr The Court could not but conceive 0 made a concealment of his insanity at the examination, having an object in view, and that he tenterained his delusions at the time. There was strong evidenco to show that he was insane in 1844. Inquisitions had been held in other countries. At his own request an examination took place at St. Petersburg, but there was no one there who could suggest anything as to his insanity. A similar proceeding took place at Brussels in 1845. He had entered mto a contract with Mr. Mahon to him 10,0001 provided he could obtain evidenge to enab reh to et pos,seson of bis income, and it wasin consequence of that that the examination took place at Brussels. At that, and at all the future examinations which had taken place by phy;siciras, except those conducted under the au- y of the Iord Chancellor, MIr. Xahon was a constant attendant upon them. The medical men at Brussels certified to his sanity, but one of the witnesses stated that the deceased said that he could have t a supersedcas to the commission of lunacy out against him and a divorce, if he would have bound himself to marry the daughter of Lord Ljdhaurst. In 1846 an examination took place at Dover by ?Vr. Bri*ht and Southey, under the ao-k thority of the Lord Chancellor, and it was clear from their evidence that he was then labouring under delusions. At an examination held at Brighton in 1847 he stated that he had got rid of his insane notions respecting his wife, but he distinctly admitted that it was since the examination at VDover. lie tried to show that he had lost his delusions, but be did it in such a way as to prove that the5ystr prevailed. He had at times sufficient cunning to parry off the questions pu to him. iTt was pressed upon him I b lI. ~alon and others that he must conceal his deluions or he had no chance of escape. Thatadvice was given particularly by Lord and Lady Combermere, who bad taken an active part inthe matter. He was to bepreopred to be crammed for the examinations. There bad been no less than six attempts to get the commission superseded, somne of which had been given uip. He was examined at mlivarts Hlotel in 1848, tinder the authority of the Lord Chancellor, and Sir James Clarke statedl that he t'hen fenced with the questions and impressed him with the belief that he was not less under delusion, although he exixbited more caution. He believed that he hadi been poisoned, and the four physicians who examined him came to the conclusion that bewasof unsound mind. His denials of his then belief in the infidelity of his wife resulted from what ho had been told to say. Having made charges of incestuous adultery, he offeredi no apology for them, but said the matter had better lhieleftiot helawYers. Afft, the examination his legal advisers did not think it right to bring on the petition for the ouperscleas. At a subsequent period an examinationtook place by Dr. Paris and several other physidans, who stated that in their o,pinion the deceased was sane; and undoubtedly anything coming from cdence of the Court. The aunl itiou to Dr. Paris was imade by Mr. lIbbon. Ir. Illahon was not to have the I10, 0001. unless the deceased succeeded in his object, but, although he failed, Wr. Mahon applied to be remunerated for work and labour done. The claim was referred to the aoitration of Mr. Prinsep anad Mr. Richardson, and they thought that he ought to be repaid the money he was out of pocket, and to iave some coniensation for what he had done. He was allow~ed, therefore, 4001. per annum. for the time he had been employed, that amount baving been paid to another person under the sanction of the Court of Chancery. That seemed to be an end of the agreement, but shortly afterwards it was renewed, and that gave rise to the last examnination. It was not until 1846 that the deceased took up the notion of the iegitianacy of the Baroness Solarol, and the only reference to it was in the edvidcnce of Mr. Crn"e, who stated that he beard it in conversation in India. It' apheared that the Begum always treated her as the lawful sister of Mrs. Troup, and the deceased, in a deed by which he conveyed some property to her, described her as his lawful sister. IHe stated that the fact of her illegitimacy was communicated to him by Sir Charles e3tealfe as a last favour before he left India, but when Sir Charles was applied to he said that he knew nothing abouit it. Mr. Dyce Sombre stated that, although Sir Charles would not give bhim a paper which would prove it, yet he gave it to Lord John Russell, and in a book- published bv him in 1849 he made an offer of 3,0001. to Lord fohn Russell if he would give it up; It was mere imagination, a delusion in the mind of the deceased, and prevailed when he underwent the last examination. It was unnecessary to refer to the evidence as to the deceased being received in good swciety in Paris-that was quite consi6stut with mronomania. Dr. Paris and the other physicianspresent did not know the extent of the delusions under which he laboured. Their evidence was not sufficient to overthrow the testimony given by witnesses in 18S8, who were acquainted with the natutre of his insanity, who lnew what his pre ng delusions were, and who exaimined him apart from 3r. lahon. Dr. Sigmond, one of the attesting witnesses to the codicil, was of opinion that he was of sound mind at that paticular time, but said- that -he Inew nothing about otherperiods. Dr. Olliffe and the other physicianswho attested the testamentary paprs also deposed to their belief that he was then of sound mind, but esaid that he had laboued under delusions as to ison being put into brandy; that he had heard that the Lord CnceUor had put him into possession of his property, which induce him to attest the will. A person mtght mane his prope exceedingly well to a ceOrtan extent, and yetb aorn under insane delusions, and any insane delusion whatever* operating on his mind would, according to the law and practice of the Court, render him incapable of makin a wilL But, supposing those gentlemen thought him capale in June and lm August, l1849, what wastobe said asto the publication of the book by the deceased cald the Refuiatio?, which took place very shortly afterards, and which must have been in preparation WMhen the il and codicil were executed? It contained satements which ,showedthat the deceased could not have been of sound mind when he composed it. Under thesecircusitances, the Court could come to no other conclusion than that he laboured under insane delusions in 1843, and that he continued to entertain them when tho papers peopoundod were executed, and when he distnbuted the eJ2ctetio. He had | published a memoir very disparagin to Baron Solaroli who, it appeared, was a gentleman oW very high 4arcter. The Court must pronounce against the ill d codiciL. 'With respect to costs, he must confess that he l-ad had very considerable difficulty, but he thoughtv 'he should not discharge his duty with the 1inmness which he ought to do unless he condemned the parties pro. oundig the apes in the costs. It migh perh&ps, have been the duty of the East India Company -to have an investigation to see whether the will was th1e act of a capable testator or not, because it tended much to the benefit of persons ling in their jurisdiction and it mightbpraiseorthyontheirprso to do: butthey had tuougmT proper to make common cause with the execntor propounding the papers, and therefore the Court could not well distinguishonefromtheother. Theyhad come, if ho understood it rightly, to a mutual agreement> and probly the case would not have been carried to so great a length if there had not been that understandingf between the parties. He was bound, therefore, to condemn the executor, and also the East India Company, inthe costs of the other two partes.
COURrT OF BANKRFTCY, BainghalifTeW, Jan,:26. IN' llr TM M_ O n - (Before Mr. Com fs(oncr G;buTnRuLl The bankruptwas l ioend oi viflm her i t tre Westminster. This was an a4journea pe lfica.te raeeting. IHis. HoNou, im giving judgment, observed that the case had been before the Court ldemonths, the banu pei nt X.I wasntonhavin bete rte adounedbeforasa acory account ould be obine from Lim. Hehad set up a Clalmtoa um of 4891' under thewiH of hisaut. Thie matter had been referred to tho arbitration of Mr. phinn, -who had made his award, deciding that the bankut= had no.claim, ana ex rsaiin his io in that the WIumh been concocted; ande result of w~ichwas tht the dividend of~. 9. areay pid oul beU tatthe creditors would get. he ociai ssigeestaedunn his reports that such *exenss, 00'.;peronl e~eneg,58g.,andtothe purchaLses account, w04He wieshed attention to be Cixected tothatphrase crewied off," because it explained a prac hce whien was of frecqaent oecurrenoe in tbe preparation tf ba, rpW' accounts in that court. A large smm of maiey was to be acoounted for; it was niisding, and nobody mnew whathadbecomeefit. Whatwastobedone? Inthe1-4Fuage of the report it was " caried off" somewhere, and,put Ov xt hazard and guers under some head as expenditure; suchminute figuresas 583. beingput to give the thig a greater appearanee of reality. At te certificate meeting tae Iassignees ProbablY tired of a fruitless opposition, left -the matter in the hand of the Court, and it wa the duty of the Court to jLudge of abank:rnpts conduct before as well as after the b nkrauptcy. His conduct before the bankruptoy did not appear to be very aggravated. It was a case of reckles and improvident trading, like that of many others in the sme trade who nelected tio keep their books with accuracy; but this had bably been more than atoned for by the dely which had taken place in winding uap his affss nor tih bankrupt was not a mere adventurer, buthad be with a surplus of some 1,500Z, and had given up abont8 towards meeting his liabilities of 6,Q00I But his eorduct sincethe badkruntcy would have assumed a ve er aspect had the assignees chosen to deal with the cae under the 256th section, the second clause of which rendered it imperative on the Court to refuse protection when a bxnk rupt had been guilty of rendering a false co t f is affairs. It was only after pursuing this man to the uttrmost, and ex ding a vast amount of time and money, that his creditors h been able to get at the truth from him; he had done his best to conceal it to the last. He had. dhered aslong asosible to the statement that he had a claim upon fr. founge's estate, that claim being founded upon an entry in a book which a very competent person had pronounced to be a concocted and false eytry. uas the assignees had not opposed on thatround, the Court would deal with the case as one of rec - ess and improvident conduct. In doing so the Court had tak-en into consideration the time wvhich had elaped since the-bankttiptoy (narly 19 montlhs) ; but, in ordr to mark its, sense of the banhci-upts conduct, and to cause it to be k-nown that attempts to hmpose uPon the Courtb by accounts of the kind never passed wnthout censure and disapprobation, the Court woula suspend the ertificate until 21 monthshad elapsed from the date of the adjudication (4th of July, 184); the certificate, when granted, to be of the thid class. In the meantime the bankrupt would have protection. (Before 3fr. Cobra7nhieneri.4 F.<z) IN, RE JOHN- STcHXLL. This was the examination meeting in the case of John Mitchell, of Great Bourton, Oxfordshire, railwaY contractor. His accounts, July 3, lM53, showed surplus, -1,5W6!.; and closed with unsecured creditrors, 16,343; creditors party secured, 1,1301.; contract from the Great Western tailway Coinpanyfor the Salisbury and WarminsterBranch, 80,2221., on account of which 65,8MI. has been received from the company; property surrenderedto assignees9 3,39.; other property,1051.; trade eIpenses, 12,920&,, of which sua 4,540. is now due; paidfor labour, 56,753M.; now claimedforlabour, 7,3651.; domestic expenses, 1,076G.; cash retained by the Great Western Railway as due from the Osford and Rugby contract, 1,0001.; losses on property in hands of the railvwa company-viz., on plant in hands of the company, 6,350. materials used on {he line, 7,6561.; on sale of property by assiglees, 1,647&.- less cash received from the compaLny on accolunt of plant, H9L,00 unpaid portionof contract retained bg th comany,7,250!. hM. hideyappeaed for creditors; -Mr. Taylor for the assignees;* and 3Ir. Iawrance for the bankupt, who psed his Last examination subjeetto soinealterzation in the balance. sheet. IN lE RUTI". The bankrupt was a jeweller and hardwareman, of Rochester. He absconded some time ago after converting all his goods into cash by forced sales. Every effort has been made to capture hins, but hitherto vithout success. This was the last examination meeting, but the bank-rpt not having surrendered under the adjudication, roclamation of outlawry was ordered to be made. Theiabilities are said to be between 1,5001. and 2,0001.
IJSOL VENT DEBTORS COURT, Jan. 2C. 1S RE A}IED IwwODr'. (Before Mr. COammn ionir PhmLzlPs.j This in;olvent?s disc"ahge was oplposed by MIr. Sargood for the detaining creditor, Mr. Ladd, a baker. He petitioned some time ago wnder the Protection Act, but bis petition 'was dismnissed. It appeared that Mdrs. laddhad, unknown to her husband, lent the insolvent 25i., to redeem certain diamonds, which she vas to have for security, but which the insolvent afterwards got back from her and handed to his brother, to 'whom he alleged they belonge. Upon being pressed by 3lrs. Ladd he threatened to acquaint her husband with the fact of the loan made without his cognizance. Mrs. Ladd uponthisinformedherhsband of the circumance-, and he pressed the isolvent fotsPayxnent'withont success. It was lsocorplanedthatwhae te isolenthad been out. ns balos pendpain his thaearitnhgtehe bad passed the creditor's house smoking, and had laughed in an insulting manner 31.Conmmissioner PmnitMs thought the case a most discreditableoneon the partof the insoavent 'whose conduct to-wards 2Ir.I.Ladd ha een that ofaswindler. The discharge would be granted after the lapse of nine calendar imonths from the date of the vesting order for contracting the oprpohs r~oaeiteo-a debt . ~ £nI
POLICB. 3Lesio2;-ssouJs~.-Jaes Archer was brought before Alderan+ WTRE:. charged with embezzlement. !. Michael Hayden, the aetecuve o2hcer, saId,-I aiprehendedthe prisoner last evening on the warrantwhichInow pioduce. I showed him the waant, and he xead it and replied that he knew nothingat all aboutit. Iproduce a diary and a pchetook-whiih Ifound in his desk 3r. Edward laforest wine merchant, of No. 21A, Collegehill, said,-The prisoner up to May last was a clirk in my service at asalary, and he then left me. Hi duty v as to take orders and receive mioney. p to October, 1852, 1 asW in p Wrtnership vith 3ir. enry Eden, of Cambridge, as wine merchants at Cambridge. On the dissolution of the partnership there were considerable sums due to the firm, and every debt was assigned to me. The prisoner had been in the service of our Cambridge firm. After the dissolution he came up to london and entered mv service as clerk, so that he might collect the debts of the Cambridge firm. There was, among other customers of that firm, a gentleman named Stebbing, and in March last he was indebted to it to the extent of ol. It was the prisoner's duty to collect that debt, among others; and when he received any of the debts it was his duty to hand over the money either to me or my son imnediately, and to credit the amount in our books. The letter produced, of which the following is a copy, is in the prisoner's handwriting:- " Dear Sir.-I am favoured with your letter, and shal, if you let me have a 5.-note on account, have much pleasur in complying with your request. I have been absent on business to Uaidstone for a week, otherwise I should have replied to your letter sooner. 4" Yours trTOy, "38, Stockwell Park-road, Mfarch 17, 1855." The envelope also produced is addresaed "H. T. Stebbing, Esq., care of Eev. Dr. Stebbing, Hampstead-road." I received the letter and envelope from XT. Stebbing a few days since, with another paper containing a receipt, also in theprisonefes handwriting, for i., dated the 23d of March, 1860, of which the following is a copy:- " Dear Sir,-I beg to acknowledge receipt of 51., which has been placed to your credit. With thanks, " am, dear Sir, yours obediently, "J. ARcnan. " 3S, Stockwell P'irk-road, Mtarch 23, 1855." The prisoner has not accounted to me for that sum of 5t.A or entered it in the bookis. 1 fdund out about five months ago that he received it on applying for payment of the account. Cross-examined by the prisoner.-Your salary since vou came from Cambridge was debited by me to Eder and to. because the accounts with Mr. Eden were not settled. The prisoner as remanded upon bail to the 2d of FebraJohanna Newman was charged with bainng robbed Charles Vealeof a check for It. 16s. Gd. and 6?. 4s. d in gold and silver. The complAinant, sbopman t a publisher and booLkeller in Paternoster-row, said-I ste from home, in Whitechapel-road, this morning, at 20 minutes to 4 o'lock, to go tomy work. I was up in Aldgate High-street at 10 minutes to 4, and there met the prisoner, who seemed to be tipsy, and was reeling about, bhe said, "M 3y dear ; will you assist me7 I have had some vwhisky, and it has made me fooish." She took hold of my arm very tightly till we got to lombard-street, -when she askeed mo to give her some drink. Irefused and left her, and immediately missed my bag of nioney. I foMowed, ana gave the prisoner in charge, and the bag and all the money, except about 11., were found in be_,possession at the station-house. sne -ri 4ner was ordered to be brought up for the pur. pofee being sentenced at the-petty sessions. John Thompson, a fellow who, a few day ago,. snatched eheck for 25!. from the hand of a gentlemana m3Iansion. houspae,was sentenced to imprisonmentforthree months as a rogue and*avaabnd. GUILDRA;.-Ernest Theophile Guignet, descnbed asan author, lodging at 31, Oxford-terrace, Paddington, and Woog Java] carrying on business as an optician at 14, -Bread street-buildingsz appearedonremand--the formerincustody, and the latter m discharge of his own recognizances, to answer fhe charge of con,spiring together, and with others, notin custody, to obtain goods under false pretenees to the amount of 10,000L, with intent to defraud 3rr. Sleyffers, of Parn_ and various merchants and tradesmen in-this country, as well as on the continent. Sir W. agnay presided. Mr. Abrshamb, on the part of the prosecution, said that since the hearing of this case before the worthy alderman on 3Monday list he had applied to the Preach authorities for the docnments relative to this prosecution, and he had received a comnunication from the Commissioner of Prench poliecin reply, stating that, according to the law of France, when documents were once deposited in the hands of the police, they could not afterwards be parted with.' The comrmisnioner further stated in his letter that he could' cer the traith of the contents of the documents in ouetionvi reard tothe gilt of BarrabM and his accomlices.'; imr'W. 'MAGNAY inquired if cerified copies of theso documents could be obtained.- Mr.1lwis sld if they could be bblained they wouid not be evidence. * ' - Mr. Abraliags said there were iow two other parties incustody in Pali, charged with c(nsiracy, aadXfr. Sleyffers 'was obliged46 go thereto sive evidence, and he had not yet been able to return. HeffMr. Abrahama)'was n4t therefore, prepared with any * sher-evidence at' present. ife also said that, an cons;equence of tihe rat publicity given tothia case through the newepapere, the pulblic bad been' put upon their guard, andiion commnxiiictio6ns wshich he had<receiveddfretn' various ehantsand others he had reason to:believe.that the stesa was nowibroken up, and -with the asstazce dthe dedantsthewhoeci the goods which had been obtained, aM already described, had beenxee *| r. Iewis said this ease had ended jSt as he expeee There was not a tittle of evidence to justify the chargo gAingst either of the defendants, for there was nothingAo fprore that there re any fraud attempted On the ooDn atrYy, Mr. Sleyffers' evidence satisfactorily showed that 'it was raerly a matter of account between him and tb6 parties with whom he trnscted the business referred to. Sir W. &sGsv.y said it !ypetredto Iin the pxrsecutoi had made this court a aedeum for the purpose of getting back cthe property, and the prties charged *th conspirinSto obtainthegoodshadbeentamperedwitlito induce themntods closewh6rethepropertywas; anLd,hving suceedcd;,reccver. 3ng the goods, the prosecutor Was now satidfied. From what; heIhad heard of te case hefelt that it mightl have beoo prosecuted to conviction. The conduct of Jv was pr g niaut with suspicion. The case had broken down from th motives he hadalredy mentioned, andthis nest of swindleav were to be' let loose upon society to carry on theirpractices nith impunity. Mr. Lbewis said he hoped the worthy Alderman. did not apply those observationsto Javal,whowaarnost respectabletradesman, and hsd been a householder where he mow Vr. sides for some yeas Sir W. MIAG Y said it was not his intention to ontet ag farther into that question at present. With regard ta this emae he visbec ow, if further time were grveng could the prosecution be earnedfanyfurther? Mr. Abrahams said, without the documents he could noE get on-with the, case aphist the defendants. There were two persozis irr custody n rac and they were now tzying to get hdl-& of the chief conspirator, Barrabs. WitI4 reference to Guignet,- hae only a poor dramatic author, and nierey attol 1n the hands oi others. Sir Wv. .aIAGNY said, it suited Mr Abraham's purposa to say so now,s havinginade use of Guignet to get baclr thd property. 3Ie should, howevrer, like to know if there was any one present to preLer any charge against the do. fendants. This questionwas asked openly in court, and it meeting with no response, Sir W. 3 iaAGXY said, in the absen-e of any other tLchge, he must discharge the defendants. Discharged accordingly. We are requested to acknowvledge the receipt of 4s. foi yo-abeng t;he amount of agraureceivedby one oft te officials in the employ of the :Electnc International Telegraph. Company, and etreated by order of the com. pany. lso, 4s. from the Jury in the Lord 3Mayor's C=rt. LARYLRBO_N.--Three young men, naned Bury, Brown,' and Willians, were placed at the jar for re-examination, charged with having been concerned in robberies of weaTing apparel and watches. The particulars of w-hat prev-iouy transpired have al. ready 3ppeared. Some additional evidence was now giver, and upon this, aS in the other cas-e, the prisoners were fally commntted for triaL. WoR.sEp.-sTR.-James Slade, a private in the City Militia, was charged with the following brutal outrage:- Sarah Foleqy, a modest-looking girl of 17, and who gave her evidence in a tone of great exhanstion, stated,-1 ive with my mother, a shoebinder, in White-street, Bethnal. green, and, in company of my younger brother, was oa riday night taking my elder brother his supper, when, just as I reached near the Staidard Theatre, the prsoner, whom I had never seen before, camne up, stared me in th face, and then assailed me in the most gross and indeoent manner. I called him a vagabond and hastened away, bru he foUowed and struck me, knocked me down, and Ideed me violently in the stomach as I lay on the pavement. My, brother tried to pullhiim away, bit could not, and while trying to get at my brother he dragged me along by the hair ofiMylead; Idon'tknowwhatthentook place, us I lost mysenses, and on recovering them found myself ia the police-station. From there I wastaken home,' have been in great pain all night, and am inmreat pai still. Margaret Foley.-When my daugrter csme home last night I 'was in bed and asleep. She did not wake me till she was abed herself, when I heard her cry out ina painfl rmanner, and on asklng her what was the matter, she told meshe as in great agony, and stated to me what she has now statea to the Court She complains of great pain in the groin, screams whenever she coughs, her colour iliuhes, her head burns very much, her hair comes out when I touch it, and I was obliged to apply lotions to her stomach al night. She lost a shawl oT mine she was carrying, worth 15s. ; she is an excellent girl, who, I am sure, would neither allow nor give cause for hberties, and works hard, and is a goreat comfort to mne. TrhomasGale, a silor.-I heard a scuffle and a scream, and saw the girl lyingsenseless on the pavement. The pri-. soner w;as kicking her with all his might, and I seized him round the 'waist and pulled him away from her. He calleI sne nil theful names hecould tfhin a, bui;ut I d him till a policeman came up and then gave him into custody, an thie irl wras perfectly senseless. william Foley, 11 yearni old, corroborated the precedi§g~ esidesnce, and ad6dedthat thj prisoner kicked him severely upon the legs in consequence of his trying to rescue his sister, and that the latter vas carried to the station in a senseless, state in the anns of some,men who pitied her eon. dition. In defence the prisoner, whoheard the evidence with .lt air of perfect indifference, merely said, " Mfyface is a3l orver scratches which she did " and Mtr. HEouxx, who characterized it; as a most -oimnly and dastardlyassault, ordered him to be conmmittea till thaIIt day , ~ttle 4w sop at g liot ce placed under medi. cal treatmnent. 5 .- Robert itchie, a seaman, was brought up on remand, before M'r. INGa5, charged with stealing a gold wateh and massive gold gnard chain, value 60!., the pro. perty of Captain W. C. Thoinpson, the commander of the laMe ste=mhip Tacifi; now lying in t1he ictoria Dock, Mr. LeGA committedthe pi soner for trial. SoUTM nVAR-Just as 3fr. AB`Ecxrrrwasabouto q(it thbebenchagangofnotoriousrcoiners were brought up by Inspector Brennan and other officers of the G division. Their names were as folows *--John White and Mary White, his wife, John West, Edmund Webb, James Hal. all, James Barrett, and Ellen Baker. Inspector Brennan stated that about 2 o'clock that after. noon he proceeded to No. 20, Revel's-row, at the rear of the Sergeant Brennan, Sergeant officers of the G diiision. 21exi-ie having broken open the front door, they all entered! andproceededto the first foor. They then burst open the door of thefront room and found althe risoners there. White, his-wife, and Baker weresittin nearthe fire, cm which was a pipldn with melted metal in it. Webb, and all the others except Halsall, were sitting about the taMe.- As soon as they entered the male - prisoner White Rung . plaser of 'Paris mould on the -tIoor, and at. tempted to break it up with his feet, but he was prevented from doing so by Neville, i*ho picked up the mould in a hot state with metal in it. The female prisoncr Vhite took up a handfudlof iser!eit.voonandStrew it on the fire, which was extremelyfierce at 'the timbe. A deserate scuffle then ensued on the prisoners attempting to destroy the apparatus, and they nearly overpowered the offlicers. However, they succeeded in getting them irto a. corner, when witness seized a complete galvanc battery, full charged, and a counterfeit fourpenny piece in the aet ot being coated with silver. The plaster of Paris mould was so hot he could hardly hold it, and a counterfeit ou=ezi piece and a halferown had just been cast in it, as pieces kthsF metal adhered toit. Theytook all the counterfeit pieces o4u the6re assoonasthtycould,but theyw ereinafused4e.r,w thetable wasmetal ina sinlarxstate,andacids, files,piy'is andeverynecessarytoccuryonan extensive system of ooing. He knew White well and had paid him and his wife a vi-it; before. The other prisoner he did not know so mnch£ Havng secured them he conTeyed them all to the stati.. house. Witness produced the whole of the coining a= ratusonthetableof the court for the inspection ofhs worship, and a more complete set has never been shown before. Witness had no fursher evidence to offer at preisent, but he should ask for a remand for the attendance of the Mint authorities. The prisoners were accordingly remanded for a week. LatEL-u Tie Te Tines ofthe 7th inst. t iherew s a report of a case at this court, in which the applicant, 31r. Harvey Slagg, complained that he had given up all his property t1 his son, 3r. William Slagg, a grocer, at Camberwell, and that th'e latter refud to ender bn any assistance. Mr. William Slagg writes to us now to say that the state. iments in that reprt are false, and encloses a letter fromo his uncle, MIr. W. Harvey, of Salford. The writer of this letter, however, does not supply any facts in contradictioa to the alleged neglect by M1r. Wliam'Slagg of his father; but, after giving some Pateus of property which had been in the possession of Mr. Harvey Slagg, maes vaious imputations upon the character of Mr. Slacs, senior, wta out affordmng any proof of the accuracy ofthese isuuta. ties's S._ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _
V7YIRSYTV'I XNTLLISErv7H. O"4s1WYA .TAx- sm Th,-e 'Vie Ch2ancellor has5 gvenl neoticc ;-thathe k~n of last, ha binecn bm ended ho =ebdor1aalVoencil, 'vill be a inh nromnilated on, 'VtmEr9day, Jan.-L 'The clause ass gomg the orgsa-loft'in 'tle theatre to gtaduates in muSic t the Commiooration, to whicb objection was maade on 3Ienday. h1si'bcer omitted. * The'Reader in Anatemy (Dr. Aclin&) h-as gi'en notieo itliat heVprdlOses to iaply a us df money, placed in Wis -thands frtile. promotion of physiologial science in OxforZ, - *as follows:- Yernbers'offthe Viniversity, 'sho will nothe of suMicant standing to take thor Master's'degr'so in SJanary, lS5S, are invited-t compete for p*ries to .briven-foi *the best Monogeraphs on the -Fsxna of Chc'i iChurcis Yeadow nall the :a°djoining'WateiL 'Bookzs or~instrnments of'thevalueof:i57.'willhr given -for:te best Essay on the Isso±tbrata, and of the value of -201. for the best ssay on:te ¶rtehrat. The san e competitor muy ob both.,prnes; the successful crndidate may select the 'aoks or insLrnents "- A catalogue of species, 'with a coPlection of srecimens, -their precisewhbiitats, and aictes on theor history ard habits; *a detailed anatomical and nieysiologi.al description of any -one pccies,together,with i&e history of its-'d-elopment, -andillustrative dissectiorc, -and-drawings or photographs, -are expectedfor each .ess. " The Essays and the .illustra'ons, addrcssed to the Dean of-Chfist Church, are to be left at the hrrist Church 3useta (with sealed snottees,-as isfusua1) befcre the end of S5T, so tha3t two seaseus-will be-vvaflahle fo- the observations onddevlop-envG. " The prires -ibeN-wred bs the'Very iev. the Dea-of Christ Church *ifr fkilterO. '1revelyan, hLA., Univer- ity College; Henry ~C . AcaG , M.D, I,ee's eader in ATeatomy, -hi e John giPhiips, tice, te leer of the twmnolean ineseum, &c. ; 1'bflip Isrtley Schatcr, 3LA., Corpus -Christi Ceillege; Bu. John G. ~Wood, f.5A, Merbar 'Col'lege."- -CA!ABIDGE, J~Ar. 26. BaLi Sc5I5..isRsss. The Vioc-Chanedllor gives-notice that.n el ection of twso 4scholars -upon this.foandation will take.pltce on Friday, the 'Zth.of March, iSMhO. That the menibers of any college (except King's Collegge and Trinity Hall), sons -or-orphans of clergymen who were admitted between the -commencements ef 1854 and 185-, mav be candidates. The candidates are required to signiy their intention of Offerng themselves on or before Theraday, the 21st of IFebruary, in a 3-bia epistle, to be ~presenKteto each of the electors, who are-the Vice-Chancellor, the Ilegius Professorof Divinity, the Ee'vius Professor of Tws, Mr. Batesen, Public Orator-; MIr. i4. G. -Stokes, Euc;asian Professor. The examination wil commence on fMonday, the 25th of Febniaxy, at 9 o'dook mn the forenoon, in the Senatehouse. Each candidate will he expected to leave -with the ViceChanceUor (together with his epistle) a certificate from his college of tie date of his admission, and of the terms that he has kept. The Begins Professor of Hebrew gives notice that he intends to begin his Hebrew and Sanscrit Lectures on Tuesday, January 29, and to continue them on Tuesdays, 'Thursdays, and Saturdays, at the following hours .- 1. Hebrew, at 11 o'cloc-Subject-The Book of Deuteronomy. . 2. Hebrer, at 12 'clock -Subjects-The Gramnar and theBookof Genesis. The teot-book being the grammar p3refixed to the Professor's Lexicon. 3. Sanscrit. at 10 o'clock-Sabject-The Episode of Nala. The following books at. rco S oa .Oo t h- 1,r beginning Sauscrit 6Vlson a Sanslrit Grammar; or Bopp's Gramamatica Sanskrita, or Eritische Grammatik der Sanskrita Sprache; Boppis Glossarium Sanskdtum; Bopp's Nalus; Bohtligks Sanskrit Chrestomathie. These lectures will be delivered in Trinity Colleg% and -ro P to all persons. Gentlemen wishing to attend are recsted to enter their names at Deiglhtu, DcUl, d Cto.'s. The examination of candidates for the Chancellor's medals WMi commence on Monday, the 25th of February, at 9 o'clock, in the Senate-house. Candidates are resuired to send in their names to the lice-Chancellor on Friday, the 22d of February. J,T. 25. LIST OF OEDINARY DEGRFEESAT THE BACHELOR OF ARTS' COMIMENCEMENT, JxN. 26, 1856 Nornman facIeod Ferrers, LA., Caius College. Hfugh Callendar, M.A., Magdalene College. *WiliamPaleyAnderson, M.A., Emmanuel College. Churchill Babington, RD., St. John's College Edwin lewson Bloomfied, M.A, CLare College. Basil Williams, R.D., St. John.'s Colle_ee.
2MAVA! AND 3fAgLITAIY INTELLIGENCE. - The complaro"nts of the' screawvine-of-battle ships Sanspa-i rellj 71, and Oolossus, 31, are each to be reduced to 523 mnen and officeo.s. Their late complements were ('20 and 750 respectiwly. Mr. Watts, chief assistant to the Surveyo of the Navy, h75a been down in the north among the' shipbuilders, to see 'how many gunboats and mortar-vesscls they can construct between this time and the advance of the fleet for the next campaignin the spring, and contracts have been entered into with fimzs at Newcastle, Liverpool, and elsewhere; so it may b expeeted that a large flotilla of these important iadjuncts to ourfleet will be readyfor service by the time the Baltic shall become navigable. The Foyle screw steam transport, No. 167, Captain Wrdight, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the East; she left Malta oin the 13th, and Gibraltar on the 19th inst. She brought Captain Symington; Mr. Tate, first mate; Mr. Mud, second mate; Mr. Harcourt, p user; and 1S seesen, late of the transport- Talavera, lost in the Sea of M&rmora; also CaptainILoutit; MIr. Brown, second mate; and Mr. Ceckburn, third mate, late of the transport Barrackpore, lost about the same time as the Talavera. Mr Fostor ,nd two soldiers also came home in the Foyle; which spoke, 25 miles east of Gibraltar, the brig Susan and the bark John, of Sunderland. She left in the bay the transports Nos. 10, 23, 31, 40, the tcrew ship Aity, and Her tajesty's ship Resolateq, 'wAh machinezy damaged. A French steamer had driven, ashore on the Snanisli dide of the bav. and was firhua eaxss for astanc The schooner Only Son had com7menced 4ischar&,'ig. There vere about 150 sail of merchant vessek windboundian the bay when the Foyle left. She left Spithead wtoerday afternoon for Deptford. The Peninsula screw transport, Yo. 172, COapta Smith, arrived at Portsmouthy esterday, fbom the East. She le't Balnklava, Dec. 18, arrived att 40oustantinople -on the 22d, left the 26th, arrived at Malta Jan; 1, discharged shot;and shell, and sailed en the 1th; -arrived at Gib3altar Ja:. 17, and left on the 18rh with the Eveline tmensport in tow, parteb the towing hawsers it the middle of the -Straits, when the Eveline bore rp for the Bay ofGibraltar. oanthe 22d,inlat. 38 50 N.,long. 10 50W., 1ussedtheu-chooner Jenny Jones. Her Majestys ship ,Ajzx;, 60, Captain Warden, C.B., sailed yesterday from spithead, for Leith Roads; the W31d Pigeon, for lhew York; the Cienfcqgos, -for Cnba; the lelsoas, fox Mlta; and several otlher twindbound) vessels. The jaxsget under way at daylight on Saturday, but was compelled to bring xmp ogain, owing to the loss of one of her -nchors and 37 fathoms of cable; she got away yesterday morning. The Nelsons has provisions for the dep6ts of' Malta. The Bullfrog, 2, gunboat, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday morning from the eastward; and the Hecla steam sloop, 6, Commander Aplin, left Spit-head the same afternoon, for Pembroke. The Deva transport, Nfo. 96, went into Portsmouth harbour on Saturday afternoon, to be paid off The ganboats which have completed fitting out at Portsmouth are to assemble at the Motherbank. A Conrt-martia1 assembled on Friday at Portsmouth on board the Victory, to try Mr. Henry Thornton, actdig assistant engineerof the fleet (first class), serving on board Her jajesWs sloop Falcon, on a charge of neglect of duty, in consequence of -which the port boiler of the said vessel was burnt and otherwise damaged, the casing of the boiler set on fire, nd the safety of the ship thereby endangered, she being at the time under sail and steam. The Court found that the charge had been fully proved, and adjudged the prisoner to be dismissed from Her Majesty's ship Falcon, to be reduced to the rank of an assistant-engineer of the third class, and to be debarred from promotion for one year. The following ships are inx harbour, at Spithead, and in dock and basins, fitting out or refitting at Portsmouth:- I8 gunboats and several mortar-vessels, besides flag, gannery, training, and depHt ships, magazines, receiving-ships, yachts, tenders, tugs, and other craft. Captain H. J. Codrinaton. C.B., is appointed additional captain of Her Majests ship Victory, for particular service (gunboat flotilla, the captains and craft forming which will assemble at Portsmouth). The sloop Ferret, 8, Commander Charles T. Leckie, from the West Coast of Africa, arrived at Plymouth on Saturdav ct:aluf . 2heleft;ierra Leoneon the Ist of January, sin days after the mail-packet Ethiope, Commander Barnwell. The screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain Ihomas C. Symonds, completed coaling at Devonport on Friday. The screw steamshipNile, 91, Captain George IL Mundy, having had her engines and boilers completed at Devonport, got steam up on Saturday, and will go into the basin-dock at Keyham on 'Wednesday. The crew of the London, 90, Captain Augustfus L. Kuper, 'were paid off on Saturday. She will this day be warped to the jetty at Devonport to refit. The screw steam corvette Cossack, 20, Captain James H. Cockburn, being ordered for the Baltic, took powder and shot on board on Saturday. She is appointed to drop down from Hiamoaze into Plymouth Sound to-day. The crew of the screw mortar-ship Forth, 12, Captain Lord John Hay, got topmasts on end at Devonport on Friday. The paddlewbeel steamvessel Avon, 3, from PortsMouth, and the screw steam gunboat Sheldrake, 2, LieutenantCommander C. H. Simpson, from Chatham, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday; the gunboat went into Hanaoaze. The hired screw steamship Indian, No. 197, wiith troops, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday, and is appointed to leave to-day with the depOt of the 58th for Dublin. The steamship Great Britain, having been again taken up by Govermment, is being refitted and repaired, to be made available for the conveyance of troops. She will sail from Liverpool on the 9th of February, with about 1,100 troops for Malta. The screw steamer Sarah Sands is also being refitted at Liverpool for the transport service. The Bucephalus, having discharged her cargo, is to bh paid olut of the transport service. The various trophies which composed her cargo at present occupy a considerable space in the Dial-square in the Arsenal grounds at Woolwich. The guns and small mortars, which latter consist chiefly of cohorns and royals of 6 inches and 3l inches, as well as many field pieces and howitzers, and a number of heavy guns, corresponding with our 68-pounders, are aU of very valuable brass metal; but, with their present bore, they are not serviceable for our description of shot. It is conjectured therefore that :hey wil be re-cast. The officers and men forming the field train corpswho were at the siege of Sebastopol, are anxious to wear some particular markto distinguishthemfor their services there. They propose for that purpose the melting down one of the large guns, to be converted into small crosses, or other medals, to be distributed solely for the decoration of that corps of Her Majest's service thus engaged. The carriages and waggons are of small intrlnsic value, most of them being shattered and utterly useless. Awheel of one of the ammunition waggons is covered with Russian blood, having been fourd embedded among the bodies of several dead soldiers, which were lying with the carcasses of dead horses, &8c. Major Lukin and the men Who came in charge of these trophies have completed their work of mounting tlle guns and placing every article in a conspicuous position, as Her Majesty has signified her intention of giving them a personal inspection. Major lukin waited on Lord Paumure on Saturday to inform him -that everything was prepared for Her Majesty's visit, which iSaraised to take place on WVednesday next. The Admiralty. yacht Black Eagle, astes-Commander Petleg, havingcompleted her repairs, went out of Woolwich basin on SaturdLay, and has commenced coaling. The Radamanthus likewise left Woolwich basin with machinery, boilers, and 17 fathoms of chain cable for the use of Her MajesWs ship BRdiea at Sheerness. Tle paddlewheel steamer Spitfire entered the inner basin at Wooheich on &saurday to be overhauled ana to make good her damages, wlich are considerable. At Bristol Messrs. C. Hill a Sons are making the greatest exertionis to complete the three steam gunboats u. ilding by them as. uclly as possible. Their large buildlug sheds being lighted with gas enables the men to work day and iight unaffectei by the rain. The Hardy Will hortly be launched with the machinery all fitted, and the others wilsoonfell o The following appointmeats were made on Saturday at the Admiralty -nmanderF. A. Close, to the Mohawk; Ideutenant the Hon. F. O'Brien FitZnZaurice, to the Eurotas; Lieutenant E T. Hlade, to the Duke of Wel1angton; Lieutenant G. T. Nicobeg, to the Erotas ; E. P. Comllto betaister-Commaidg tfoi thadamae2 hns; Henry G.. Thomsett, Master to the Eurotas; v' R . LIJewellyn, pro notedto.ster, to be_dated the 29th of Septeber, 1st C. B. Powell, lMidslnpmanto theEurotas; Alfred Kniig, Acting-Assistant-Surgeonw to the Brungwck, Gog Cooke, Assistant-Surgeon to the Dee. A smaU detachmnent of - invalids fronx the 2Stb, Reient, atijnchester, arrived at thatham yesterday. TIRe strength o' tWs regiment is about 1,000, having been reoee±ly Compieted from theMhilitia. -: -- -~ ~~~~oe ::H,llI 1j£I.I.' The volunteering of the carlow-Rifies, in ikenny, for recruts to the i"ne, has losed, the total nuxner of approved volunteers bei7g Si. Mny more men offered themisives, but were xejected, as beins under the requisite dtawlsrd.
THE STUDY Off WJIFILALAW n OXFORD.* - Thle Unitersitv of Oxford mtay be said to be at o,reseut in a fr5nsition state. It has put off its old Irocaedepettieoab and ha5 not a5 yet be6n fitte", with one of a more modern cut. An-U ve sity in its s t'ma seem a very ImPflpper expression, and yet his term perhaps CP,nvCys more adily than anyi other the esistir d condition of ;Alma2Mater. 'hcreweasthis b-"efiat leastabou9 the old system, which P" de the Faculty of Arts the reality5 and r.iuced all oter faiculties to a shadow,-that it was intelligible; you: knew where you wver-. yotu knew what a degree meant. L 'FrWoWs a " irst," and gaveamanacertain stamp for 1ff1J; but now we are threateneda'with so many differe:.at kinds of examinations in honours in5 so maNv different schools, that all honour will be ultaaately frittered avay, and no great test of VJniversity distinction will remain. JVe SuPPOpOS that something like; order and regalaxity will at last emerge from what is 'now the abQdie of chaos on the banks of the Isis, but neEuing can be more unsatisfactory than thework;iqg eE the new system in many respects. There is tkat venerable faculty, for example, Civi Law, of wk-lch the common law of England has been so jealous that it has always followed the advice of Lord(okoe, and given Justinian and his int;itutes and P in&cts a&Wry cold shoulder. In Oxford this fanlty has niwiays ocen mnIamect m a state or spleuitaL ]cmury, as a scantily-endowed Regius ProEessorship, khough even under this discouraging state of things the study of Civil Law in Oxford has produced such names as Sir Leoline Jemkhis and 1b3rd Stowell. 341. 1Ss. a-year, granted by King Hlenry VIII. or King Edward VL, and a Lay prebendal stall in the cathedral church of Canterbury,. added to the professorship in the year 1617 by King James L, and recently commuted for 1001. a- year, now constitute, with small occasional fees, the whole income of the fortunate Professor, who is expected to devote his life to instrtzting the University of Oxford in the whole Corpus Juris Cirilis. Thiswas what the professorship had dwindled to under the old system; when the new Hebdomadal Council set to work to remodel the faculty of Civil Law, it was at once seen that if any work was to be got out of the Professor of Civil Law he nmst be better paid, or be allowed to be assisted by deputy. After varioius sugwestions the plan proposed to the University Commissioners by several distinguished members of the University seemed likely to be adopted. It was to come to the assistance of the Regius Professor by appointing under him assistant-professors or lecturers, who should take the rough work of the faculty off his hands, and leave him free to lecture on the great principles and science of Civil Law. A decree to this effect was proposed to Congregation Last Michaelmas Term. It contemplated the establishment of two Readerships in Civil and Common Law, and it would have been a great step towards reform in Iaw studies at Oxford. To the surprise of all but those who are acquainted with the working and constitution of the new University system, this decree was lost on a point of form in a very thin Hlouse, and the University is again at sea on the question of law studies. We now hear that a measure is about to be proposed to Congregation in a few days by which it is proposed to require that the Regius Professor of Civil Law shall devote himself dwuing six months of the year to the service of the University, those six months being the busiest portion of the whole year; and that an addition be made out of the lUniversity chest, by which the whole emoluments derivable froni the professorship will stand at 3001. a-year, this being the exact sum which it was proposed to give to the Readerships which were rejected last term. We must confess that we have read this liberal proposal with astonishment. As times go, we should think that even in Oxdord it might be known how little 3001. a-year wil do towards supporting a Professor who fills en officio some of the most dignified positions in the University. Has the University never heard of such a thing as cheap law? Well, then, let it beware of starving its Professors down to tlhe condition of Romeo's apothecary. If they want a man to teach law properly, let them pay him proportionately to the duties w;hich tlrey expect him to performu. We have been led to these observations by the perusal of a letter addlrssed to the Vice-Chancellor of the University by the Regius Professor of Civil Iw, wvho very orcibly e.xposes tere imataes committed by the University in this respect, and vindicates the dignity of the venerable faculty which at is now proposed to degrade. The following extract will show the small persol interest which the learned Professor has in the question at issue:- *" I may, perhaps, be expected to makc some apology for entering on the discussion of measures in which, as you well know, I have no personal interest. My tenure of the chair of Civil Law is but temporary. I occupy the gap between the old and the new systems, and when the scheme of academic legislation, as it regards the Professor of Civil Law, is fully completed, it wviU bo my duty, as it will also be my pleasure, to place the chair once more at the free disposal of the Crown. Bt twhile I hold the professorship I have duties to fulfil to the University, to the chair, and to the profession of civilian; and I hold that I should have been guilty of a dereEction of my duty to them all, if I had been silent muder the circumstances. " Connected as I am professionally with the practice of the Civil Law, and called upon by my duty, as VicarGeneral of the Archbishop, to ascertain the fitness of candidates for admission to the courts in Doctors'commons, I feel a warm interest in the revival of the study of the Civil Law in our IUniversities, -which is quite independent of the duty under 'which I am officially bound to advocate it. I do not, however, consider myself called upon to record any vote in the Congregation of the 29th. The approval or disapproval of the proposed statute must rest with those who cannot be supposed to have anypersonal interest in the question, but I have no hesitation to avow that, if I were present, I should feel it my duty to say, 'Hanc rogationc7n Acacecinici, robis antiquccndam censco."' * A Letter to the Vice-Chzanceltor of the Unirersity of OxJord on the Lazo Studies of the Unisiersily. By Travers Twiss, D.C.L, Regius Professor of Civil Law in the University of Oxford, and Advocate in Doctore-commons. London, Longman, Brown, Green, and Long-mans,
THE RuoErmy PoIsoxwrG CASES.-At an early hour on. Friday morning the body of Mtr. John Parsons Cook, on the charge of marderin,gwhom.WilliamPahner was first committed for trial, was exhumed, and taken to the Old Church, atRugeley, in orderthatDr. MoncktonandDr.Harland,physicians, and Ar. Bamford, surgeon, might examine certain portions of the corpse, vhich were not on the occasion of the firstpost vzltenz examination subjected to that minute investigation which it is now thon"ht desirable that they should undergo, and consequently did not pass under the chymical anaysis of Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees, at Guy's Hospital. With as little delay as possible the medical gentlemen named were ready to commence their mnpleasant task. Before, however, they conmmenced to operate upon the body, Mr. George Palmer, solcitor, of Rugeley, a brother of William Palmer, who mow awaits his trial in Stafford Gaol, not only on the charge of poisoning the unhappy man Cook, but aLso his deceased -wife and brother, gave notice to Inspector Crisp, who had the superintendence of the exhumation, and in whose charge the body was understood to be, that it was his mntenhtuon to secure, duringthe post mortem investigationthen about to commence, the presence of a medical gentleman from Birmingham, wvho might at the same time have an opportunity of examiuing the body in the interests of his imprisoned brother., Hr. Gardner, the solicitor for the prosecution, 'was also presint, and with Dr. Monckton, Dr. Hlarlaiid, and Xr. Bamford. made such arrangements as would enable Mr. George Pabner to carry out his intentions, and secure at the re-examination of the body the attendance ef a medical man whose object would be the making of such aninspectionas-wouldtend tothe benefit of the accused. The body was left in the old church in charge of the lic until the post w0ortem e-xamination shonld be completed. Mr Pratt had abill of sale for 5001; on Polestar, Mr. Cookes horse, which it is understood he has since voluntarily re. linqsised, anad in consequence the 'horse will soon be sold. During the past few days the brother of Ir. Bladen, the brewer'straveller-vwho about- five_years ago died at the house of William Paimer after onily a few days' illuness, and under such circamstances as to excite supicion of foul play on the part of his entertainer-has been in Rug-eley making inquiries, with a view to ascertain whether or not his brotherfs death may be attribated to natural conseI g,ences. The anthorities, Also, in Rugeley are not satisfied t at no well gromLded suspicion rests upon 'William PalmeF with refercnce to the death of Bladen;a they have,. therefore, put themselves -into; communication 'with the H6inme-Secretary upon the subject. ' RELRASE:. OF 31. JACKSON, THE : DoIXASrIt TPANVROKEsThe Queen's'pardon and the waausnt for the -liberation of Mr. Jaelson, the'Doncaster pawnbsoker, fron, the Wakefield House 'of Corection,"arrived at ti;at -establishment on Saturdaymorning; and was ilmediatel33communicateIto the prisoner, who lost no time in leaving 'thle place and arrived at Doncaste' by the traim at 1120 a.m. --The news of his return rpiead with great rapidity thrughout the town, and numerousj friends and sympathumczs called Upon Mrr. Jackson durhg the day to effer him' their' c¢ratuIations. 31e was convicted on-the 6th of DOecember, iiud sentenced to 12 moithss' imprisonmnent.' .3e' -was actually fE cusod ceven weelca and tvo days. lIe has' never unldergone any hard labour, but hass had everg indul. *pu;v thC prison r4e >stoxi would PJlow,
I 1LAXD. ; I OPElIG OF THE [j N TRAflE WITM. BUZSL&. . - ( *RO oUR OWN copm ) : D13BLT-f SATURDAY IO3RiSO. A'IJublin journal (the Mercai:ile -Ad.llser)j, geiierally well informued upor[ tcommercial affairs, supplies the following piece of information " An eminent firmnin the corn trade in Dablin received; yesterday (Thrrzday, a Co2rnunication from the house of essrs. = Nrandt and O St. etersburg;,authorizingthemn to take orders in Irelal`-. for wvheat, to be delivered free on board in theNeva, a+, from 18s. 6d. to 21s. per quarter. according to qualit-' Adding present rates for freight and ordinary chargep, the cost wo-uld be about 19s. per barrel at an Irish por This, with anything like present prices in our marlkets, vould leave a large miarin for profit, supposing there woud 'be no blockade of the Baltio after the opening -of the navigation next spring. But upon this branch, of the subject we must leave our readers to form their -own opinions." T'ae following is a Copy of the oirculau, addressed t an eminent Dublin firin eugaged in the c&An trade. It corrects ~some-errors in the statement supplied by the Mei ca tile Advertiser - - " Jan. 22. "Dear Sirs,-oNw tbat thee appears every prospect of peaee, and the ports of Russia beling again opened for coAnmie. , I beg to address you with the last tuotat-ions from may fr't ndq, Mcssmr. William Brandt and Sons, Archangel, ira :Iec-rs. hir.andt, Brothers, Riga, and to inquire if some of your friends are not perhaps disposed to send out orders for uthepmchase of grain or linseed, and so take advantage of -the inoderatc rates at which the -s^me could be secured. The las^, e,uotation7s fr om Are.hangel were,-WVheat, 19s. od. to 21s.Gd. ;rye, 14sl6d. to l;)s.9d. - oats, 9sd. g;linseed, 27s; to2a.; asd from Rigs, linseedi, 2&s. 6d. to 31s.6d., per quarter free on board. "Itmst be ernembeTed these were the prices granted previous to aiy signs of pc&e, and in proport'on as the prospects of peace become clearer so will the prices of all export articles rise in Rassia; it follows, therefore, the earlier orders are transmitted, the better the chance of their being executed on favourable terms. I"T remain, Dear Sirs, yourrespectfully, "RICHARD BRAssN. - "Measra. James Pim and Co., Dublin." U-NDEVLOPED IrESo0 CES OF IRELSND. There are some truthful observations inthe Bamner -of Ulster -with respect to the efforts now being made in various quarters for the development of Irish resources. The Encumbered Estates Aet has been, as it were, the pioneer of this new state of affairs by removmg some of 'the most formiidable obstacles to the introduction of new capital, skill, and spirit into the va'ious departments of agriculture; and a hope has sprtng up that the Legislature, encouraged by the marked success of this measure, will, whenever peace is firmly re-established, drown the last howl of agitation by some fair adjustment of the relations between landlord and tenant. "The treasures of our island," says the Belfast Jo'trzael,- "Are not confined to the surface. Many of the most valuable minerals areTfound beneath it, and already, coal, iron, copper, and lead are successfol3yworked to an extent which at least serves to show how much remains to be achieved by capital and enterprise more largely and judiciously apulied. The coalfields now partially worked are seven in number. Three of these are in our own provinee of Ulster, and, though as yet they have not proved of much economical value, we possess strong presumptive proof, not only that they occupy a much larger area than has hitherto been inagined, but that other fields, in still more important ocalities, are not discovered merely because they have not been explored. The geological indications which have of late been so frequently referred to are dest,ined, we trust, ere long, to pas from therather dreamy region which they now occupy into that of reality, and thus acquire a better titlo than they yet possesss to the name of important discoveries. he SOand odd thousands oftonsofcoalandcalm,ifornaingthe total estimated'output' of 1854, oughtnottoberegardedinany other light than as the first fraits of an abundant harvest which will yet be reaped. ILon ore, as almost invariably ha ppens, doubtless by a benevolent arsangement of Prov-idence, accomipanies the coaL It also occurs in other localities in sufficient quantities to furnish, under proper auspices, the materials of a great branch of national industry. As yet, however, scarcely anything has been done to turn it to account. Of copper ore we are able to speak in more gratifying termrs. It is now actually worked in five different counties and 15 different localities, and during the last five years has been regularly and even rapidly increasing in amount. In 1850, the quantity of Irish copper ores smelted at Swansea was 10,021 tons, and the value, 69,594L.- in 1554. the quantity was 11,739 tons, and the ,vafue 120,/3531. Lead also moakes an important figure in our list of mineral prodce. It is worked in six counties, and in 1854 amounted to 2,210 tons 15 cw t. Nearly the half of this quantity was procured from the mines at Newtownards. From the ore were obtained, in additionto the lead, 18,096 ounces of silver, which at 5s. per ouncevield 4,5241. Among more recent accessions to our mineral riches it would be unpardonable to forget the salt mine of Carrickfergus, the actlal annual produce of which cannot be less than 15,000 tons. But in order to form a properidea of the resources of Ireland we must quit the solid land, and, after making a survey of its rivers and lakes, bays and long vithdrawing creeks, hoist our sail, launch out into the deep, and make ourselves familiar with the tenants of its adjacent seas. In nothing, perhaps, is tle unaccutultelu ,aY1:Iay ALv i+.I, ever7thlig Irish has been too long regarded more conspicuous than In the neglect of our fisheries, in which, under any degree of prudent management, not only might valuable retums be at all times secured, but the horrors of our years of famine might have been greatly assuaged, if not altogether averted. The herring fisherv on the east coast of Ireland is prosecuted chiefly by 200 or 900 vessels from Cornwall, who carry their fish to the Dablin and Liverpool markets, while the fishing vessels of Deblin and its adjacent ports content t,hemselves with the humbler office of becoming purchasers and carriers to these men of CornwalL Such is the statement; and, though it is almost impossible to read it without blushing, its accuracy cannot be impugned. The Irish markets are still extensively supplied with cured fish from Scotland and the Isle of Man. In 1S53, 95,339, and, in 1654, 121,884 barrels of herrings were imported into Ireland. Why should it be so? For no better reason that can be imagined than that Providence bestows its bounty on our countrymen, and they, through sluzgishness or some worse feeling, allow others to reap all the advantage." rSERVATIVE SOcrETY OF IER XND. An association under the above style and title, established about twvo years ago, but not since heard of, suddenly reappeared before the public last week, a mneeting of its mwembers having been held at a house in U:pper Sackville-street, the MIarquis of :Dowvnahire in the chair. Thlere w;as a fair mnuster of MLP.'s. present, together wvith a sprin1ling of the aecredited men of note attached to the Irish Conservative party. The report read was regarded as highly favourable, aud the committee state that " several eloquent and business-like addresses were made by the proposers and seconders of the various resolutions ;" but as no reporters were admitted to the deliberations, the public at large can form no sthictly. accurate opinion of either the eloquence expended on the occasion or of the actual prospects of lthe society. The Bctfast aUere-nap repudiates the notion of societies for electioneering purposes, and remarks: "The Tenant Leage is now at an end. Of no existing Reform or Liberal club have we any knowledge, but we bear of a Conservative club in Sackville-street, Dublin, and of its intention to bring in members here and there. We cannot too early say to the Ulster constituency-' Get rid of all such dictation, you are commpetent to think for yourselves, to support your own Protestantism, to promote your ow n political opinions; in fact, ycu are quite able to judge for yourselves[ l Such clbs are generally supported bywhat is called the landed interest, which may not Ratays be in accord with the manufacturing and commercial population of this great province; and emphaticallyowe nown say- sResist such dictation anddenounce club nominations."' TheEa e7ra 7aiso osacontainathefoilowingf statementx. "We have learnt, from a source on which reliance can be placed, that r. and ers. Rarin, of Ramsfort-pare, morery, County texford, with all their children, have bean received into the Catholic chureh, Mr. tam is one of the wealthiest landed proprietors in his thative coname and the representative of one of its moat ancient Tory fanulies. As afgradHate of- O.fordhe distiagoishedlsinself by his extensire learnng and erudition, and he has been reported, for sanyoyers past, to entertain Tractarian, or as the are mnore ftamiliarly termed, Puseyite principles. A abort time back, Mr. Ram's domestic chaplain, the 11ev. -Mr. Kirl4 bpether of the celebrated sculptor of that name, embraced the doctrines of Catholidty, and is now in Rome preparing for Holy orders. Mr. Ram'sestates in the county of vWexford are of great extent, and he has been, like his - rocessors, highly esteemed in that counmty as a good landliord in the best sense of the word." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 901 g; ditto, for account, the 7th of Fe ruary, 903 ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 903 i ditto, for account, the 7th of F7ebruary, 90- s ; Bank St6c. 220k; Dublin end Xlingatovwn Four per Cent. of 100., 93 ; Hibernian Bank (l5?. paid), 32X- National Bank of Ireland (22?. lOs. paid), 324; Royal Bank of Ireland (10?. paid), 20k; Grn CanalCompany (100?. paid), 394f. -
FATAL Bon os .-On Friday mormng a boiler exploded at the Vllage CoDiery, Standish, near Wigan, belonging to Messrs. John Taylor and Sons. The works had just beern stopped for the men to breakfast. in the cabin adjoining the engine-house, and on one side of the boiler, xhith was uncovered, were threepersons-W. Yates Martha Riding (who had brought her son's breakfast), ana Ellen Harrison These had just been left by George Hirkham, the engi=eer, who had gone into the engine-houso for the purpose of setting the engine at 'Idrrk again Before, however, he.had touched the .engime the boiler blew.up with. atremendous report. T1e boiler wrastorn to kieces, anda several portions of it were hurled a considerable distanoe into an;ad' onn fil Th enie-houe enie-bd chimney -and cabinweredemolished,the bricks, which coinposedthembe'n scattered in all directions to a distance of-300 yards, =grt Riding,who was a widow, 70yeans of age, and William Yates were killed on the spot. The latter is one of the churchwardens of Shevington, a very respectable man, audhad ..enly been married about, three months. The engineer, 'eOrge iKirkham, had his head frightaliy 'mutilated with the. icks, and waRs also lreuadufnil scalded. U-He is.'not. :expeot'ed to live. -ERlen larrison ws. severely'injured, but. is expeu.ted to recover. .-Te immediate cause of this lamen*table occzreuce is supposed to bethe defective state of the boiler, which, it,appears, could not;withstand the eoxirapressure caused bthc ener4tiQn of stqAa during the temporary
i . MUSIC AT THE ( -STAL PAAZ *Oneo the ot- One of to treting selections of m h d -thli Cr,y,+"' :.rtesin uIaeeher -htPalace, at- Syderdalii,was peresented to -ub- Ecfoers and visitors on Saturday-fternopn. The whole e g the programme was devoted to compositions by Mozart, tbs 100ti anniversary of whose birth it was intended t-, .co;inemora'te. True, Mozart was born on the 27th Of JTiry (17d-,at Silzbhu); but as the 27th feU o Sunday, and as orn Sundays tho Crystal Palace iP not only closed to ,nutcal performances but to tho public, the day previous (the Us. day) was appointed for the celebration. " Celebmtion" is perhaps too big a 1.iord to apply to a concert of such humble rpretensions.5-s concert at which scarcely a single player or singerof 5tc assisted-but the intention was good; .and that the att-action was genuine required only a glande at the crowdeo- appeI..a-ce qf the music-room to certify. The muisforxune wko tlhat -o large a number of visitors c6uld not obtain adonittance (nearly 1,200, we were informed), the haxmn;cda. sdoon in the noith wing being limikdii ints caacity of occo1amodation, while the central tra'sept of the vast and gliering monument is inevitably antagonistic to mnsical effect, unless on occasions when (as at the inauguration) enormous masses of vocal and instrnniental performers are engaged. -AI over Germany (of course), and in rnany of the provincial towns of Great Britain, the centenary anniversary of the birth of the most gited and universal of composers has found some recognition in the shape of a musical performance, exclusively of his works, ranging from a grand festival down to a comparatively unpretending concert. In London, however, nothing of the kind of any consequence has been announced. 3l. Jullien-who would doubtless have seized the opportunity with the same energy he exhibited (in 1848) on the first anniversary of the death of Mendelssohn, which laid the foundation of the so-termed "festivals"'is absent on his country tour. Our Sacred Harmonic Societies, our Philharmonic Societies, our Amateur Societies, and, what is most surprising, 31r. Hullah at St. brtin's-hall, havc allowed the occasion to pass in silence. The 100th anniversary of the birth of Handel was worthily commemorated by a series of performances on a gigantie scale in Westminster Abbey, but that of Mozart, as great, if not a greater composer, has been overlooked. It was left for the Cryst Palace Company, with its verylimited musical means,. to vindicate us from an utter wvant of respect tovwards the memory of so prodigious a genius; and from this point of view it behoves us to regard the concert of Saturday afternoon, not merely -with lenity, but with indulgence. The following was the programme;- Overture-" Idomeneo." Dnet-" Dovescorre. Miss Grace Alleyne and 3iss Palmer. Sonata. Pianoforte and Violin. in B flat. Mrr. W. H. Adamns and Mr. 3Manns. Song-"Batti, battL" 3Miss Aleyne. Violoncello Obligato, Mrr. W. F. Reed. Hianoforte Sonata i P. Mr. George RusselL Song-l o ti lascoY MslsPalmer. Allegro, from the Concerto in D ininor, for Pianoforte and Orchestra. Piano, Mlaster Jobn Francis Barnett. itecitativeandAria-"Non tamer." Mas Allesne. Violin Obligat, BId. Maans. Scena and" rl-' AbI questo seno." Miss Palmer. Andante and Finale, from the Symphony in F, flat. If we were to say that jnstice was done to the more important features of the above selection-such as the overture to Idomenco, and the movements from the B flat symphony-we should be steering wide of the truth. The band, under the direction of Herr August Manns (successor to Herr Schallehn, with whom he has no little in common), does not admit of it. The attempt, however, was praiseworthy, and encourages us in the hope of better things to come. If music, as an art, is considered of sufficient im;portance to be represented at the Crystal Palace, the conviction may, some fature day, he entertained that it should figure with as much dignity as any other branch of knowledge and acquirement. There can be no logical reason why one alone among the arts (assumiing for music so distinguished an honour) should invariably, and as a matter of admitted routine, be looked at superficially, and paraded in such a manner as only to conciliate the mostvlgr and ephemeral tastes. This Mozart concert, with all its drawbacks of execution, is, therefore, a step in the right direction. To criticize the performances in detail wouid be superfluous. We may mention, however, that Miss Afleyne, who seemed to be an especial favourite, was encored in "Batti batti ;" and that the most remarkable display of talent was that of Dr. Wylde's very clever and promising pupil, Master John Barnett (nephew of the composer of the Aozzntain Sylpb, Fair Bosa022nd, and Farindui), who has earnedso well-merited a celebrityat the concerts of the New Philharmonic Society. The grandest movement in the grandest of Mozart's pianoforte concertos was played by the young gentleman in a manner that called for unqualified approvaL There was no reason, indeed, why the entire work should not have been presented, since the audience were just the opposite oftired, or enauyi, at the end of the alle.gro, which was thus unkindly separated from its companion movements. The audiencewere much pleased with the concert, which they were enabled to appreciate and enjoy all the better through the aid of a printed programnme, interspersed with a geatrmanynotes, explanatory andhistorical evidentlyfrom tne pen o a practised and well-informed writer. In conclusion, we trust tihat this concert may not be the last by many of the same hInd, and that every effort may be made to render the musical department of the Crystal Palace worthy of being classified with its other multifarious attractions.
THE FATAL POISONINGA AT S'GA. We announced by telegraphic despatch fromAherdeen, on Friday, the death of two Roman Catholic clergymen and a landed proprieor at DiwAll, on Tuesday, by poison. The details of this most distressing and appalling case are these:-On Tnesday evening Provost hlIver had a party of friends to dinner, consisting of the Rev. James Goraon, Roman Catholic priesb at Beanly; Rev. Angus 2'Kenzie, Roman Catholic priest at Estdate; Mr. awis3 MKezie, proprietor of the estate of Eindon Black Isle; Mr. John 3Donald, of Torriden; ProvostMIver, and thenaembers of his family. After dinner lr. Gordon complained of a parched mouth, took a drink of water, and retired from the room. Mr. 2'PDonald also felt il, complaining of a parched and burning sensation in the month and throat, took a drink of water and went out intothe open air, walldin about smartly to drive off the affection. Mr. 3PKenmie, the other criest, was then taken ill; next Mr. MlKenzie, of Findon, an Provost 3IIver, the symptoms being the same in aUl cases. Dr. Smith was immediately sent for, and was speedilyin at.tendance,butbeforehearrivedthetwo clergymenwere vomitingand suffering dreadfully, and every attemnpttoreieve their agonywasvwithout effect. Theybothdi, andMr.]MKenzie, of Fmdon, sanknext. The Provost, feeling assured that they had alltaken some deadly poison, kept moving about -with energy, and this, with the medicne he received, had the effect of enabling, him to overcome the attack. Mr. 3Donald, in like manner, kept walk;ing about wsith energy, and being naturlly of a strong constitution mastered the disease. )XTone of the other members'of the party felt ill, and everything was done thas could be done to save life. Besides Dr. Smith, Dim Willizams and Dr. Ross were present and most assiduous in their attentions. Without loss of time official inquiry was made into the cause of the poisoning. A request was sent to Edinburgh to the Lord Advocate to send down a competent person to conduct an inquiry on behalf of the Cronm, but long before he "arrived the true cause was ascertained. It appears that in the garden there wvas a well-known plant, called miohkes-hood, or wolf. bane. (Aconit unm-apdWas), a peremnial much nsed for adorning gardens in Scotland. Near -to it there was some horse-radish. The stork of the nonr's-hood being dead, the root was ecadly of the same formn, size, and colour as good horseradish. 'The cook having sent the man servaut to the garden for radish, lhe had dug id a root of the monlis-hood bv mistake, and used it for garnishing and sauce to the roast beef. Thiscontainedthepoison. lipartsofthoplantare acrid, but especially the root. The Provost, carving, ate but sparigly, and vas the last to be seriously affected. Tle Jadies, it is said, partook of the mutton only. The gentlemen, who. were supplied with the roast beef, were taken ill one after another in the order in which they had received it, but at fdrt and for some time the idea or pOiSOn, it seems, did not sug6gest itself. ' In 1S42 alady died in ILambeth from the effects of this poison, taken in precisely the same way as on the present melancholy occasion, In 1836 a family were poisoned mn the City-road, london, in the same manner, and several othler cases have occurred of the same fatal character. It was at frst reported the root of the hemlock plant had been used by mistake, but-the henmloch, though a poison, is not so deadlyas the wolfbane. The caseis a warning tobe carefilinthe ase of herbaceous plants of this character in gardens, and indeed of any plant of the kindwhere there -is the least chance of its being used with food. * The melancholy occurrence has cast a deep gloom over the whole of the north of Scotland, where the deceased were well known. Mr. PKenzie, especially, was looked up to as a most promising landlord, and the two priests were nuch respected and beloved by their people in the uiorth. The bodies aroe to be dissected,hbit as we have no coroner's inquest in Scotland there will be ano publiec inquiry.
TaH CHD MuxnxaT Sn Dr.-The coroner's inquest respecting the child-WiltredfDealdn, who was ildld by his uncle, Jamnes Hill, was held at Sheffiela on Saturdsy HMill suenderedhimselftothe-poLceonThursday, andwas present at the inquest. The evidence proved the facts already stated-that the prioner left his -work a'bout lalf. past 5o'dcock onthat afternoon, and went directto the house of:hiss brother-in-haw and invited his nephew to go out with him for-a walk; that he took the child to a brickyard witbi. 100 yards of the house of its. parents, and there with- a rasor almost severed its head from the 'cody. The .coroner esined to the prisner the nature ef .the enidence against him, and told bus-that lhe need not say inything imless he chose. -The prisoner.xeliepd, "I have nothing t-o say." Ths coronr e-laireiig sbiinned np, the *jury dellberated a few -inmmutes, and then.retune.a una- aimous verdict-of "WVlful-inuder" -igainst tho .ysioner James HllI, anduhc was cornimtted for trial .at the ensun assizes. I b is understood that on lisa triil evidence 'will he brought forward of his having on several occasions mmx ested spnptofns of:insanity,. -. We are reqnested to ntat, iii xeference tothe argahetaded-"-Qnleer Decision of a Clerical Ilais~trate," thiatthetermsof the decision were *iven~erronoily.S .Mr. Parlce, the tSunderlandsnagistrate,w ho our-infQrmant st's is ason of the lte emninent jadee, tol the defe&deist that Thle inagistrat considered that te assault was provt,: btas it wsaconly of atrifling nalture. if the defendant vceud py the coste no conviction would be made; b.ut if o s tiX v IneacQ not
- SALES. BY AUCTION. Cavcr and Gilder's Stock.-j; Ra.thbone-place, Oxford-street-Unre- nJESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, on theFrem s, Wdnesday, Janusy3D, atl% the emaani STOCK of a CARVER and GILDER, consting of chininey ani dressing glasses gilt and mahogany franes,franesof all kinds framed and unraned prnnts, silvering bench with three tons of weights, tinfoil, Vacking-csec, mahogany double office desk, and mnlscellaneous effects, Now on view, andcataloguesbhad. r--Withoutreseee, byorderof the lxCuitors.t a y lWR. PA Wl SELL. - by AUCTION, on the. aw wPrem, 30Sloane-sqae Chelsea. THILS DAY (Monday), January2a, at 12, arlythe HOUSEHOLD FIaIt2inonE, fourianofortes, br eainent makers, aecrt.aire and bookcse, eativenld dncdures, old violins, and nu rous effects. Catalogues at the oyfie, 114, Sloane street. s8oreditch-Vsluable Frehold Properiy-To Capitalists and others M w. G. BROWN will SELLby AUCTION, at 1. lt the Mart, on Friday, Febuary 1, at 12, in one lot, FIFTEEt FREEHIOLD HOUS8ES sad 2\VO W6RIKSIHOF, situate WVilliam. street, CurtaLin-road, Shorediteb. May be view ed by leave of tenantsi - andpsrtlculars, with conditions ofsae, bad o ourcs. L eake and Chapma, solicitors, 24i incoln's-iain-fields;* the Horns Tavern, opposite ShLoreditch Church; GraveMaurice, opposite thnLondonHorstaj; the Mart; and of the auctioneer, White Horse-lane, Mite-end-road lESSRS.. ROBINSONf and ROBSON are- in lyL> Mtructedto SELL, on the Peises 29, Grove-road, 8t. John's |wood, on Wednesd ay, the 30tl inst at 12, the modern HOUSe1HOeD _ ur.NITIflE:; comprising bedateaKs, furnitures,primne bedidin&wrd. robes, andother boed room articles, drawing room shuite. cbirmney-:1aas, console andpier tables, carpets, a 6koctave cottae pianoforte, dinlingS tables, antiue sddeboard, bookcse chairs, de, The furniture to be viewved the day prenious to the sale, and catalogues hadlon the prom rises; or of the auctioneers, 28. Margaret-street; Cavendish-suare. I-To Frirnitsire and FrinteraZ Erokrers, Fixture Dealers, and others. lIR. THNE will SELL by AUJCTION, at his5 SYL R ooess, 39, Kgs-read, Chelsea, TillS EVENIG, Jan. 21, at 6 Pme,nl~capitul well-mademodern FUltNITIIEE:bcds and bedding chimneiandtoiletg!a - s,camrnets, and various items; alsoacapitairoal rocirSningres,* ewea8eof tye ink tables,in.; some very excellent groers and tebacoonist's shop dttings and fixturs comprising counters, Isashes, dumes, show cases, and csnlstm Mfap be iewred. akndeatal'ogueshad at the rooms, and at the oftice of the auctioneer, 22, Charlwrood-strcet. Pimlico. No. 21, Thayer-street, Manchester-qs re.--Gennine Furniture, China, - - ~~~Glass, Pianofo rte and E ffects. SI5. cDONALD will SELL -by AUJCTION, onLYE, the Proesises ast above, on Fridayn Febroary 1, the whole of the' enuibeFlN'ITER aDd~ EFFECUS, comprising AraLbian andsreuh bdsi*, eanbedding, mahogn chests of draer, washstands, and dressing tables; in the drawingromchimneyglses, danxSI windowr Curan, loo and occasional taLblesl, dining tablG, chairs, chffloujr, grand planofoste lip Towa and Co.; sadthUe lienSi kitcen items and gnrleffects ba e viewe the dgio sa asomingof ae.- (lttiloggu bad on U:e premiwee, w4 t7 iiko-* Pall-rn ll-lxoellent modern Eng'lishEd Pictures. "[M jESSRS.- FOSTER and-'SON willr SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 51, Prafl-inall~-' ibn Wednc&l,y, Jansuary 30, andI following days. at 1 ecah dlay, a COLLECTION 0? anodernPICTURE~S, the property of W. B, Rlates. Ear., whose tooke af ananmateor and talent an artist liv asoruce of thec quiality of tueo works,rmostlyobtainead ''"tnI .st"udios of the painters includleg many rapidly rising in pubilo esteem, and, among others, ox&roples of SixC. L. Eastlace, P.M. A.E more. A.RA.. F. W. Topham p- VV Y% - J. Linneil J. Danb.Y W. F. I A. J. Hlollandl G. Clhambers W. Collins, P-A. W. H-Knilght J. Wilson 1P.F.Poolc, AR.A. G.Srmlth A. Mlontagu A. L. Egg. A.B.A. J. PhUlip W. Hecroley W. Etty, RLA. A. Clint C. Baxter. On dew- twvo days prior,audc6tia,egnsa xad at Messe. Fosteres offics Z4, rall-mall. Gnildford-street, Itussl-squae.-L,casholdt private Eceldenco; held at I2 grDond rent, and let at +M per samnnu. IIjrSSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SE LLs .L..by AUCTION, at the Mart, en Tuesday, Feb. 12. at 1I, the LEASE, of No. 58 Gulldfordl-street, Rusiell-square: let to Miss Bmith, at £B0 per annumi, and held for 381 years, at £21 per annum. This is anu excellent residence for a pro .fessonal mian. 'ibn prresrent Occupier is ayearly, tenant. M-ay be viewed onl by pennission of the tenant, and particulars had at the Mlart; of T.OG. Woentt . si citor 1,Gra'a-nusqure,ArMmnc b'Leod and Stenning,stios XlonUn-s6ctreeclty;f'dMesses.Foster, 54. Pall.msll. Cadoganfr-paeand North-street, Chlsela. i1ESS S OTR and SON are directed under an ccde of the Conrt of Chancery to SELL by AU&ION at the Mfart,,on Tuesday, February 12, intwvo lots, FOUR eqiual uadiviKie NINTH FARTSer SHARES in a capital ICESIDENCfLand FRitE 1515150, 'No. 0, Cadogau-plsecc let on lease at £125, andl held for 28 ears anda half, at;£19 Is. per annuim. LOtU. Five equal andivided Ninth P'arts or Shares in Tw-o Leasehold Houses, Nos. 20 and 21. North-. atreet, Sloane-street, near Knightsbridge, let at £13. rend hetld for 15 years, at a groiund cenit of XS 2s. Particulars, 14 dayst before theo sale, of Meassrs Bseck and Mcotealfc, solicitors 41. Biedford-row ;at the Mart; and of Messrs. Foster and Son, 54 Pall-mall. Ilrompton.-Two nearly new Houses, in Yeomnan's-terrace, the turning opposite llrempton-square, .held for about 71 years at £3 and £ ground rents. iIESSPRS. FOSTEPR and SON will SELL by AUC- A3k TIO N at the. Mart, on Tuesday, Feb. 12, at 12. in two lots, a LEAsEIIOI. rROPEItTY, consistintg of two neat brick-built Chouses, treale Mnaincgestevnroomsr.- an ahhue ihyr n enlSefoS-cort erecTEd abuR era ando,Ow and let At 50pe annTnO. erNg aot teBartaU invetments.Mary be dewed anl perwtiular ad, 14naenslay rprier bing the sale at the Mart at tire ofrapesPublc-hose, he cuerof Yomans-ro: Io teer-o hoccpaiong ofq, soliito, 1, Rgen-steet an ofMesrs.Fosel, for abol-ut 3 ye. s TION attireMar, o TuedaytFhru o 12,ma 12on excellent EASEHLD pivateDWRLlN~HUSEeind gomor,asub,tan- Tioal,bl and oraentarepsir, boetinNo.n4 on Obethe norAth ide ofChrlesstet, tuhelate-quroW,llaryFerenet nowtbintIreccpaio. o Man b vieedb rmsonf thotnat. Crd in viinewnd parti-s enae miay bec rasre Mresses.g Fan 1 Fradll-immatl;walsoo Mpessr. the Inl-Wto r. WllimFrDrest3 of the higlratclam 1IISSRS. FOSTER. and SON' are directed to SELL iTt bly AUCTION, at tho Gallery, 54, Pall-mall,o 00 Moe nd, ae.27t 1 o'lok eachseay, wthou reserve, b dofcro ofAT the IURe entrsb, tirever of roicg collection o rhace SEicIudSn treedona Vie igand Oetalo CriNAte, broWHnte, earomng ine Bvory, gems, Pameos andi intglos,aniert hasd lat, lrue an crios atc haes clocks walllighs ard landoe-malcol-etrnglof Pictures,. n areyo obecsS of rnt OSTty and cuist,Selete dui pStEses bybtr lAte TI Orrs, athose nrrect K Pudmet,godmaste, andhsy FobrouarayI bear tag serrVe PITheURiEnce an utersoteem of the roostlyemienrtedconnoiscumio Catalogushar pitrepofarIng, an frth,Esqd.,rtofEmerbasin wiapermi ham, -mnclu.in-tW atronce oll,Dthwietur of the hiret clIAss. i ESSRS. F OSTER and SON are directed byotSEL 1VdmnJtaort BL by AUCTION, atteGley11Pl alon thWPendasoa, Feb. 27y. at 1peacIsely, the COLLECTONS oFURWITERoLfUth DRAWINGS, thearopterty fof that dlisgro,twnguisheraateri Coes,bdro aired offi, ofurEdbbedin IBMiysMmihRnger incldingar the Cold Mrn igand vitares Criceter,bys of Hunt,fom a ltied Baeau perts,onalrinkethi bltlrm,1155 sIPothrtwrks by the samees comet rlt sai n th NlSb T1.S . FOTrnER, and;O ave7 directlnsled drain byL p tthe WelaSie, y F. Poole,mall gn abtere2 Exanstes, COftie bs TIdod of Italrat reoso Durtch ap PI irrbEr foaned C In Ths draw- incr Tluesoe-hl. oftheiemco ItheidernaCplollecion, and acreso bleen gueneuadl pimased asotko ;best procrabl eworkst eof therdifferen arIs, Thdy of view wlltbeh Lannounced 1ESSR. FOTE; adSO tol SELL by AUC-f ToIghteIOn, Battrge Gallery, and Pailm-malroehremdaoy, ofebruary 28 TWELV PLaUEb aofrtherportieonrfthae jetlclhae.olc ham,includin t I SIrehaenH ll,tepitr byd. HORNlEetarehintVen(isrcte, by th o aeJ M5. W. turnEr, b AUaw TION,mgiat Creffor ,pknW fIn tr hges ems eulmogybrlrw a. 29tusk2ir or; theohdnl 1t.e Moderriug. byin sa. Coopr, e ofI. tong imotnthWorksg repair atd thrbert,nlWre oA.,V Mullr, ennigto ic also aInursery Sulene, an Canaing texampole of whicharn. rFrsthcrrathetlCulastanddays of view wilbe veaand ruitat.ogu,Pll-adlnthepeie.adofteacin Coal Lxcange. A. 0. Parli:etstrecthat, Wes.minse. "I SR511. FOSERS anLD SOnd aORN ET t byU tSEL AdiitrtrtoSL y AUCTION, on the Premises. h ziihdSoeWrs 174 Wilougm-troet. Soutwark,esua on Modncday, JaIfar , aend fourfolow winghay,ut Ieere teaholday, the HOUSEHsive FURNTconistingofth mostamodem ciharneteA, fonr te diningroo, twoc:7 iirmdes,bed rooms, and ofies,t furmehedn rn 1813abyoMeessha iogef ad er the cellar 3 . mih ofr1,00 bove-ttles, Boouexpensieswinblof abotew holeice gowths and vnintages the servpaicesofplt an repoctware, teestnat retrkal o voveGb arrwastr Toakerro anduColt the lbary of aeiabout 1,00vos, ofqite mder R crocks,an SOPArte books,o miltar dwgrrgs by2 Orlatd Node,-scol ourouboe, andw mathemOcuaticaon otuarmens,clocs oena-t ryenTs,a eagrondrentpg,alag tr of vereran .My fo inwedgao moty I pur-o cigarean ebintd lcas, chiad atGablrsrvices, cut-glass,t lamps, tabgleicidbed Wien &e gon-sviewt threegheaysndr Catalogess 3raretps parciong andiomay be badwhensuy pcity,and at 14. Pall-malk Dwelling-ho Pictures hof thabe higes prdcnlass, a o C iMESSRS. FOSATE and SONLar dbeted AUTIOSELL Garratwhallr To-moP-ill malluysoon afte 2Eastoer aloLLEC-F TIONof talin ar~ DtchPICTlII.lfrme byin temine=ntel Icor an cmprsig ork o th geatstimoftane. e thea moatu Well-mdei conudraltuenub and ingeafefect ion, hir u bemohe siroquathe Spanish and Italsia n n mses tho whole fomin olcino greatv luead ionterstre, The daysofsw Jand view withdetailsofe the bjets, ill tedulyadvertised.ra,Crlnra fla u eligble orantarpr-tntrldiagtop-ceratio rfrocuain ,LtEcctm f h lteon ak,Fa.,t SELL by AUCTION,.a earlyin te sping, he GOUNDLEAS ofrUde-Hr otheEcuoUs, wIthofcs arpconWstisevtorryotand.-Greunen hlmouses,hodepleasure grounds,gardens and tar!e a-ndal sfeven ace-wt remdi Gosso.TEO valUabeeGetAnL h os wi S LL asesl by auc-ON at itatedtimesbytcetve, whic m ays berbad atd MSse.oose's offices,rainter-oad oppsby order of the otagee.u,omorw u 1II~SSR. EVRSFEL])andHORN ayain LVIstrct bytheMorgaee o SLL y ACTIN, t ame's and El'irbeta cars,seel 'etof mahogany and wamnutwood furnitur for tTthe=rig and dWinig roomis, manufactured by wWillasn, bneveral finebronzes and scameepieces ox china, Louts =I. clockc, fino cle-mne-glasset, sltez of curtains, a valuable library of about W00 vols. of boksm tandrd ad geeralliterature, bookcases, rerof box by Cubb caita chmbe funItre,and a, variety of reffect. Catalogu.s ay b ha onthe uesay peceingthe sale at the rooms; No. 2 1,- Avenue-road, !Tzent'fl-park.-Fntre(atneary new), Ark-toneqd Pianofortes, I downa of Pert,andtEfct= f a etlemn deceased. ~R. TIN-DALL wil SELL byAUCTION, on the M rPrenmis, 24. Avenue-toad, oos Wednesday, Jan. 30, at]. the mupeor eFURlNITURtE; comprising rogewood drawin8F room suite in blue' satin tabaret, Ion and fancy ta'bles, cheffonier wathL plate-glas frts'largo chimney.glasse 60 by 10, new velvet-pile carpet, 65 yards - key and'Bsea apt, m anoay dining room 'stutes in green mordocco and satin haircloh,idSeboard, cheffoniem dljeuer andl WelEet0pe-frame dinin tables maoayArabian and feury-post bedstead s, hair mathresee, helaad bdigaroescsts of drawers, rmsrl~le-tep wash-stands, dressn tbe and glasse chna lass, kitclsen~reqnlsites,.&e. onviewTLeUrrAdayadinormig of sle. - Cat,legues on -the premises; and at the St. John's-wood estate office, 28, Pertland-terrace,' near st. john's-wood chapel. Tbxree extremely valuabIle Patents., 1II.G. E. SHTLWRHWil SELL by -±V,L UCTIO .atthMartonFrklay Feb.l.at 12 4unlee ee POWusysPosedN ofbyrrnte contract), -TAtEr valuableLEIlR PATEi.fanIO)ATOR, for hatching arid rearing game and poutryat ll easnsof the year a safety window eleaner, anid a plate K wrme; Mdel ar no exibiingat the Crstal Palace andfilrr- thrpaticuarsmay e hd attheMart; and at Mr.- G. Ki Slhuttle- worth'sofflos 12, Poltry.b Fa ille-raw.-3tojer~n fumniture, Chimnoy-giarssc& riairs.u-t_- , urr isized Ililliard Table, s&few lfpccimenslIn Terra Cotta, and NiwIicFnsrPUS Effects; prln Uipallrennoved from pirivuto reside. c,,. X 03rSRSOc. R SWORTH arid.JARVIS Nill 1LBELLbyAUOTiox.at'tlrt6irgreat Iloom, on Tuesday. rebrruiy S. -aVital laodern FUItNITIURE, lncludlsrg the usuad pen~da,cs to theawhing and dini room .lbrary, andInha,l,chimney clasmsesu gilt frarnes, a full-tIzed b 't V ,pianofortes, vases, £nwi ornanwtntal -sp,cirmen-, in terma cotta, requisites to the domestic offces, and mircellincouseffects.L Maybev-lewedthed=preoe1c the sale, and cats. logues had attho fies of Mesa.s wor a arvIs,Saville-row, Reg ut-street, and 1ll. Chaingx-aey, Combill. WT,e imPortasit Clollection of beautiful Sculptrsadohrvlae Works In marble, bronze. stone, terra cotta an exesv vreyo mafblechunmey-plscos, of Italiau, French AndElnbta lsg, eboic specimiens of seagliola, Ise.. formn th entire Soko ess Browne and Co., at their GaUlcrle InUvriysre,by whosm directioyn *MESSRS. RUSHWORTHifiid JARVIS will SE LL square, on the lth and 5thiof April, tho Gtl and 7'th of Irfay. and the Id And 4th of June tin consequenee of thelpremises hmavine been dis. posed of,the very mclbrate COLLECION of SCIULP'IUCIE,s, in umarbi%e, nludinggelasrcal ligures, groups, vases, therms, pedestals and fountains, valuable bronzes, nwnerous chimney-pieces of the roas aipprovod design in Italaia, Frecuh, English, and other umarbleg, miauy oCwhich are beutifully sculptured by-et-rato artists ; irIs, columns,, pedestals, candelabra mnoaics picr dtura, and marble Fsha&a and vasoniwors I scglil,forwhch thbetbismn a been so li,onegfamoustc. Thestoc uilre anrranewod and loth, slale for theG Coabntria of aoons. hoBaall tcUorrdoArstrrcs.,gardens, and~t puiurou grouknd .0iothenCobiit ad uomy.Ctnraulogues ill beredyfor ay m ashoth 2ajrv SptlriavBlle-ro,Regten-street, and orro, Change-9ally Bisimon.gt-sTreet.-Fm-rritarein rosTwoo Landnmhoas,a&l CabletPia netrte,ntwosael ofAM fords 6yairo lbs,treIo -fjn. J. J. OLEMMANS wil SELL ~by AUCTION, 1Lat;2r.pitlsonarete BrleioegTetreet To-mo, rrowtJatne,t20, a Frenc, an othr besteas, mttreses,leathier beo nd Ierldno nTogCarypwinged warderobe, a d oublea varlusinle ch-aestsofldrae bun-earis dressinglu Stablez, Cmaonydiniong o, cMhais roswoo Ioonr1odfcard als couhe andy chifoer, aogny nign pemroktble, lardbokae, irr and blPes, bree enine,te baho ganytop counterso two pietbles,CwIth slatbe-glassbaks poTable wa, atenr-lset, and19 numeru lotherv Ites,imblybe viOewe on, 1fo nay esiiod imornsingo aen,and baaoueshad atrpthes coitingesof the cauctioner Holweti-ow Fiu.%b4ry-squanroa. Cadwom ihwrso netrntalof £5, fr 7eare, ltitocu at-Mo 1r. Eltedon's t-heice Trsee alovern,b grveat aJames i-stet Hng ntor,,ontn Tusdy esebruiinjw arei thm vnn ree rofdieby. byd ordger coach of our rostaln, ithd wah-ouse,verds And( other ornvengences, Ma eviewedbylonsntat- Tofthewtendts anrarticularsoandlierreisat tensofarehaalrofG Brown.m ITempean insr solicitor,Fbr-lc anodh ri atth Moore ofd Thempe,auctioneers4, Howlo-ro,Finebrr-stqt itay. TreoldCarpntes TbuoldErs,tan tiers.- s valeuabroleasehold Property. ~ESSRS MO0ORE and TEMPLE are dinruetdb Mty lortgageA toi Exeto t SL by AUCTION, at the M nTus lROeashl netY enr oarcnvebuients purposes hewganditigaofrte apital pevt hue48, ad9 Lrbooughee-road, Cgemdten-t, ewkna, wit workshorecps, sioedrs,pectableg fandbidrs, and. torgive the reaor,laininthe ofcpupa. tfin ofcupatio. Moora ofa wicvsmn,eh possion il e givomoen alat, adeiforg yand frotingroundienstermwo areethree sets ofd dopubleand sinl coach-house, Wstablog, andtroomsmoercial-roadgethrfrmn Lanchorn poetrand vetluable estate. o hod ed. Stpn,atretscuamsountheg tore se athMrtalooMen,Temple and WindsoUio adMsa.Mor. n somlctr, ann. Mioeers. M loore and empe, autioer,y . elll-tel iy Frehol ad Laseol Esate a LiehosePopar and ot ekh. i 1LTEsRS. M ORE ad TEMl,Earen ntuce M ESSb MRtSg.an Executors tod SELbACTO,ath MArtUo,Tliusdat 3tht Swanuary, Statf1,i i ots, aoEn E L 3 tor 4tTy, orlr ofouhIrconvnetprivate, hnouse Ioandgres.o. 7oi 8 and P Mrlboro.itugh-oad igh-sreet. Peoifo o the H od tSmfrede. foar the yers,a ghround rents two fesreeol houses andt appurtenancs,t Cliivm,lettoI,z. taToan Mr Sepens a rntsamunin to £16 lR. o the ER repetiereises;talon at the Mart; and of Mhess Tmpleand Wrpindsor soicitors, and AUesIrs. ooretandTemple, nt tneceasoa, 4 Brixomieo-sThrsdtaciy. Jnm La 2 hFRI W t, lworth-ro.'ixtuea-eahol sad othersem . reserve, theHOUSEFOLI)cottage piaoforthe andrt yearbos, variousroutnd oethe glaet jasadttons h ra eesof theantmoader shp, reimoved frmaot ,Lnlaepae oMg ts. op cuter, ofice desk forfourersons2, glea tid , rcet n paucti,nr 27, hiswel-gtree t, MuAbsolutehale oFusnaitFreehl Poooriaoperty, at Strtfod,Elisse, 1IFSSS TBROML Aandil SONJ Wil AITCTON by 28, t 6 HTO, atth Swan Inn. ; Strtfrd,bongThursaywFeb roat swtore4 by odaeskrofthes Proprieor, our chlmoin,het an Fretem oldBir horde and Premisabes, siuaefInoronr:wtho ltheghIs roadk, hatStratfrd nea ThimexMarshihuch Sleto tooMesses Fm-sreateri Cookrees, atu £25 pe unm et2Frveehl ParemisesY Adjoinins coneaf.am plceltSoSRS. Stilin atnd0 ot3 K YEwLyLmt FreeholdtHuste, Grudbdyiig May brste viewed. Paricuarsha of Camri.e tobSELL by ACuTIsN, asurveyo. Roichescour, Leadnbal-street,ciy Bon Teedy rms, Wlfeldnerdad, FBow; plac f ae and oft 1 w thou esa~erveethe ST7, Con- quanixteyof ilustraed, Pnlae, Linenl, rulars, atbrido Ef icts. bInaPbiblas,prio,M wnil"lbSELL byr c aUctaIO,m or,ther preties bli-oads, abuitmi, onetchursday Jamnuo,ary3s, watx1, the PtancarItis, 20acompisng diigbnodaigoomkuts in v auuctbos maheogay noblt llsn-lassliusl and othere nnadoe kiso carpets, panoforewU,irn feour-pot,and botherMa b vicsead, and bedngcahogusa'wadrob esr, HnalqUfansttityofnlaer, line, chinastee,an boos, acaital ronk hokrse, ingf4e whend catalogues mayd be theaduontirne peises-5 Candat tho autioeer's ofie.4, utnsrettevdeera,Lanrti TO wEnt-raMmLasod Invesmen toII BALYwlSELL by AUCTION, at ILanvhe r- 9s, THDeIs DA,Jnay2,a 2 ithcousotf thser NurteaeT'moolns itFAtIYIEIIE4E,eecowti tof thesae t henants,ald~rinshda araa';o .Hnesn Moder ,Houspit dFunaur, Piccolo-Th Pianrfor mtue, jilas Chandeies reas,aldEffectso rhemovted from Cuparley-streoeaa. d M tmTou rom thAdmwil strthitBLL by AUTCTION, at teaareinGov'h10'ta To-ISow theVENING Janu,ary12 2on, 'at din MMU bath bied oDmprIn siT-ng draomng room sult in amas curain,roesewo cegairs,incoue dand etres, lcur, mahoenychars, ouces,and ebasy chairsi ooc, set o-tetdinn tables, ~s,estladeoars, helonersdmaognyr Arg bin, andtn tom-pos irnadjpnnodab Frnc daitt,matesss beds, and'si bedding, jaannedcand nahoay chambe a und ml eltaro ofierbl-o doube an sinle wsbotndsand Holtns Chests ofgraer, isarrTocatlogeshadattheromse.Ctaouahda e ar an ries Twt- extatendivtSale of ScoladW lutatdBos,Cuc nt,Pd seaLbrvces Papler, Fancya Crtucls lie,ooc lahr uI,redSSrdrS.DE ardKYELaeisrce R. b theTrute of wMrTwnoCabig,t SELL by A CIN o h MAbCTOv,etrtem Rooms, 20thLadenbari1c, one H STueday an Wednesdy,REb y5ad cam. h. wraithutrsev, thepSTOC Frnch TandErof bdtadsOIiLE and dnd, STrTIOt E, consistings eral larne uatoietyo drsiustrate,b nles, schssoolmr, handsothermboo,rcl books, valrbum, sdtc and drawingbooks, t purses, aw,pnsfanc Marticles, 20 acoun bok iUen velm aucit ok,evlps ntanothe paprsnned ter sinso morct,co,chandnead ceond-ulad books. mn-ay be vehaofMsr.7 Haliax,statone, 31. Ofoadsan rife t% oo,car.in moakr, 27,Strnd;at te Boms an clfof imer auctioneers, m5,oCamomile-g troeom chity. ede,1 itoI aakadeto aon xed inlVing to blsEL.b Ae CTIOa , onbar t ondly, Feb.i and 11contees Pro-zd 'ndaseeuneryers and fieios fe %cinch selfactin latehon stedamenines Of2nd3whoreipower,iornish boilr,ting mf1:andchine, oott.adhe, vicesn beachses, tcsas and dies,tan s tcon eel thIools, paters,osbew Iometa of oushol funiturDe,an hother Waeffects alsoth iuReeve's fortel,o I4eazc, To bor4fe, nWedonesauday. purevious ato&i the saehnaftaoones maybhe had eretonted premses,ande lofs eism FuLlegrand. Uporne,BlltiLte-ret caity.-REHL REMN Roal Housp,ital,gareenwandel-easuperior Furniture, Wies Chia,e-m Glass, MaxdEffec11 o the lpates ofCactesComppagtue, an.darbeeased,- par. thEldnRY FitOSTERl hdas beedn fitatouedwthin-mbe inJ. trnetioust ofromersthe adO3ministratrtomSL bydl A UCTIfOM, a theta%n o Ax thde. and x'1T,er from~ in very excellent on-th Bristl nneand Eeterp a,,. t . zoom thantdresusttinglroombuites compete caita Brsses eegat wndowudrapeieand curdinig tales,ean-dmarophaus, i onewag on, s nritingals the. of aesoctalie amiY.n si t would. be a mos eligible abode fez any( geteman fondof sporting,asthere isgoDd shootingin the neigh. ouhe,excellent trout dhg,and hmarers are kept at a zbort dsac,It is situate in a very pleasnut and picturesque locality, within-dyve minutes' wralk 4of the church, and is only about sevnmiles from the fashionable - waterinig-place of Weston-super-MAare The mil has a never-fiaing supply of water, and a lucrative bustnems bas been carried onx there by-the p resent and late tenant, Mr, JohnVMIlks, for 35 Yeas, LOt2. AlL thatcapital Farm called Max Mil Farmn;- comprising a farmn-house, with barni, barton, cattle sheds, and other agicnltumal bauidings and about 86 acre of excellent 'pasture and amable land, 55 acres of which are freaold, and 31 ars are copyhoAd and-leashold, the-whole %Vite ocpation of Mr. John Bradford,- at the low yearly rent of £20. -ot 3. All thost desirble -Farm, situate in- Winscombe, comprising a -farm-house and out-bauidlInngs, and about 40 acres of rch, pastare -and arableland, now' In the occupation orfr; John Bristow. :The wholeof-th.isot,with the cx.: ceptionof1 ahout four acres, 'which are freehold,- is held on lease for livesuntlerthe Deah and Chapter of B3athand Wells. Lot4. Aver. gedctv-rchtard, taed Huetees Orhad,=tmaining 2a.0r. 4p., leading from Wood ow. to Winswomioe Chrch'. anid "doining lnds of --Mi. Chapmanu and' Mr. Pry. Lot, 5. ~ARlltha Piece-of -Arable--Lead,- containing- about: az qruarter ofan ce n In- A piece of land called Coxe'&'Acre,' belongn toRIhs :ts1 Esq. - ltsa~4~ and -5-are hed--onleago f-6or lives -underthte ila dChapter cf-Roath and Wells. LtA 6, A Freehold Cottage, with garden-and, orchard, containing la. 3r. 32p, situate aLt the too) of MaxIMil-lanie, iuthe pmarleof Wina. -combo, in the occupation ofMr. John Roe, and adjoining lanls of Er. Banuel Chakmao.e, Lot 7. All that Piece af Fivehold Arable land. caLUed LittiecBak- or Shortwood, IUAthe Occupation Of fe,JOhnBrAd 'ford. contaIning, by admesasrement, 4a. Br. 3p. more or Iess boundedl by the read leaadingfromVWinscombe to Banwel and adjoinng lands of H. Whalley Tooker, Req and others Lots All that Freehold CotlageandPiece of Arabe-iAGdthMejetOQkado rlc,contaminn b7admeasurem nt la,more'ce less, norwin t I ocupation of Er.jaces lhvdbeLTsitatatWinaccambe aforesAid, orv iengahe preramiss appl tolE~. Thomas smith,at MaxH m 'ass foresaid' amnfofrthira~ ~atcuIas and conditionx of sale- at the offices Of lie AUCUtioeers, B Ito -or to Mfessrs Thomas or WMiim Smith, aglglicUreg Waicsi A select Collection of Cabinet Pictureg. i1A .PHILLIPS begm to announce thtat lhe wil MR2t.-ELL byAUCTION. at his great Rtooms, New lBond-street. To-*niorw. tbolhe 9lznst.. at I -rcaelY. &COLLETION ofblghiyjt9s. resing CABL NET i'ICTOItES, selected with taste and Judgeunen. by anasnatcur, partlyd dring areent tour onthe contLctlnedt lnfziklaengraved work,b . Wtta;a tlaSe-otbylie3cc River Scene, by van Stry; a Wam, with Shpping. W. Vzndeveldezak -Va=ernet- ntcrior.D1. Tenlesa; aloaparanid Galleicturrs.1 MaraXL4 esetin, ansallegormf SIzing and ,nteS modem Duh dWeen picturevsuad other dckvr rss'Ihto L.dIllooghe d~V ser Capella "ee Ysanderhelat Sehacken Mobel! Claude Brakenburg Greuzo .May bevko-d oui Houday p eodlifi tha sale, aLt Mr. TIILlya's au: Small Serric Of 1'ak andPltdWnItmofJ emmand o Jicils owUery. Dressng. PHILLIPI wrnSL by AUCTION,-e hia4great Bocoms,.NewhoD-are.o W,di1kW1AY,the 3OhInsL~ At I PreelselY, a small S3ERItCE of gsand ernatne,ntal PLATic souse excellent plated ware, a few lot low ewoery and bUjoute.'je,J everal drewiing-aes" with ailver fttin,s, ioketands and ane, table appendages, Inlad boxes, mQdertor luantiw ad mIsocellanIes XOa bg: viewed the day previoua to the sale an d catalo,,u &, had.- AfsinalCabiLtetof Serreas audflyvaden, qhina, IvoryanotrCke Bronzes, Ancient Scltr,crosPplCisandothedalskean ialuable Objects,cltmcnu ?ps,Ch n c% n R. PHILLIPS will SELL by, AUCTION, at binL 3XARojM, New Bond-street, on Wdne?dxY,2%hIust. at! precisl a SnalCl LECTLON of 0L4) rsiVltSS and DIIESDEK.~ fCRINA, Ivory and wood caskets and boxes auti.lie bromsA and sCnlpturo chasings, Limog3es sume*s miuJ.atmc, Persian bottle- Oriental objects, and atbout 3DQancientbrxnzs' and brassmetasana7 0oins,the pr,Dvrtyof agent1cnmn. ,MaYbeviewed the dayprecedWXng and-nornang of sale, at MAr. Philhifa A Coiection of Ancient and Adodern Pictures and Wvater-colour Dran.- ings by English artists, M IR. PHILLIPS is instructedtoS LbyA . £Y TION, at hisgreat Roomess New llou t,o SELL by Ass February,.atIPi pecsly, aCOLT,LETION ofPlCTUItES.fornmed yan, arnateuur from the several schools of ancient~ art, aud othe seected froln the Euglish schol, including works by painters o(f high5reepute. - The ancient lpictures include examplesb~. C. Maratti Tenlen andaerneer M3oucher J. Itornano Brackenborg Do Vries Nuttier C. Dolci Caneletto Honthorot and ethers A few plaingF water-.coou drawings by Englsh puatc~L 111 May be dewe Satunlay andMonday,p,eviou,. 55 6 FinSbUrY.-Lenssehold Flae,b udrofte EzecMutois Grwa',on Wdedy Febrr 6IaIt 1, by,order ot thu cetLersL of Toa ipo,Eei,aElliDETATE, eom.edn ravnged, situatem2,blfo-tet iauyltt epcal eat etatnco peromnuth Heduo es olSea rm11,a o onthcet peIss at Gar raaa;adofa.yurll uttn Walbrook, city, get PreOld Kent-frounad. eoepl-3oreo tlhtsdueDey It. R.MURRELL will SELlS by AUCTION St MLVGarrawa I , n Wednesday, Febmryiry a I2, ali, yordaertoB th HIEOLD ESTATE,Pr coupnlg a largek Plotan o idvacant withun havin aconsideableu fronagsma jutohielane,let-street,u anod alooa cihentrac fro th Stand, Acpltardn,can besemenat o&th y,oficotho auc tloneero The proptertymyb ienwed;tande partfnicutors hdo essrs.ol stocket aTo tarrwa';ado Berlin el, utoee n an g Old Kent-rosLuCem orbld,wltF=dlt, and genteel teside WHITTLMURELLwi SELLb by AUCTION,D ath ,iVJGamvawas, 12 onsfWednterdayebrsy, at l,ro mneL ever 21auccmodaionk fror Hasmallfradiy Sotatniong ningodrms kitehn &c biwkandfontgrdeu,in avm feth auct~ ither 45 buse t anA from th ciyadJtedc ewmiuels. Siute1 Eas,a-patche,sl eno, a peen i heo cuptin o s deoe SoEyLand atthenir onoMrnde the house comfortable Peatro sessio, ndwlb give fowng dapltngat a e rptru1, BeLdrAn uELpr cm tprus of 32n yuarge atagond rentrofs wienthmny. syalber stiewed. Paticulr bmetad on thes varemises; oft b,Ms, a. olce itor, 23 Moor Tbr aty-2 aa's n fMr fsel,aciner .WX ixtureS, D ouBeNHold oSiTurR, and Sffewts. 12,4atthi Pmsford-gtrerrct, Covlent-grodn, TfvcstoDAYl, Ja.2,at 11 fo S12.LheSTO1cK ftO sataltionry doekies,. hbeavrdasheryn, Band nwoor andanc goods, aw oe lbaryk of 150 vole,inclkdighors, oflb uwr,Sot,Lcr. Dickens, Marittf, alnswereti, adohrr h shop 6 lixtore andthe remaining huseholdx funture 'on vieumrnitr. lu fsae aalge n thvie premiset,, and oiff thes. iner 5 On UCwTIONe oars Salhof costl Pomoropew. Jewels, ati12uterie Clocks, watches, Plto, Wiest r e,Wino Warrtants Drdern, chels andOruienta CiLna eleantdaigro,uecoeenrraa MtESSRS. DEAENand STORHNdSTONE wil byAUCTSELL, at thei Itoemiss, King-street, Covet-gren,T-oow ponTusedao ninuarge 31 and luftrou br cloant, wthewhnIny male"sons othrIbaceets o lTO s value. ae wimtth ees booches,u iringsr,pis dorom asngs aindo funiuekae, 7 ancys 11clured byillowand,, 3 mlds,3 weighings 28rk cartes, 2 rbmries 18caral. sl onsg o Orilental peal d lihs an oamnfcue lok,das lvr hffied,'n Esq.r pat, anie Antique, 3ivrvs, oimmn-teet-gulas,drsings casMes,m with sive -app oinitmens, 12do, Dharupugnet. Boo adof. thery acIonee, Port Cl anret c.ToLtM azc, and other hgl aube tm.O-iw MESSRS. DEVIiEHA STO NE ard SoNderel. £VSb4a thei&Lr=j moms, tin-street, Covernet-grdn, SDY Jan, 28, athe, S Premiels 1, swateins, clths, doein daFru I and2 fothr pic gos thecptlSOC doe seal-skins,o 13 powedl cmean; cias,cnes aorshe bows rguns, atire, aundt effectls, the wbole olb sml evc fit, and bffct INII~AUrIoN nLthe oremishes, Sto-mobuow.wJon, 29 t1 or punctally,withot th les eev,the capial odereF of clarsotk, a- picl pianootebeTws and PIcker,accabint ditto wingmedcpeffndaes,r nolecime glases dorbeautifu cutgs, asealande 1ecr,chrinolFehpate ls, a fewe clever paintingshW, oriental gnds chin Fz. Oacn sietne CofedinIngtabes,thebeidi -oof doftheauctloner,4=nl evc f hedpten plate, including 4pos frs acae lea -andcfee.evc,eeat chn Mndgas,ote domes tinites, n umru seu ndon. mental nlscellales, Ma be vieed on Mnday an morig fsae ancTrdCKe hand aSoIaMPeSO, Oxnhuc soneiers of3 Oxfrd sre,nar th PanthEon, UCIN Ltter ra ricio oda ena4 Buider aolwngd ohes .lectionstructedOSbycldin the Asine fMr ite isnupt, tof ScEL, hyman, aInd on Pthe Prmies Alftred-mews, amottnghch ar-court-roa en huud ke- Jaanouar will at 1fr2oerc,tewlefthsefuanaplctin BUmPING MSTOc, codMprsingal quanttyousefliomney doo ad indo aunitre plaIstee' artenneers, ylow anl-hterx cdeal, bthrasswork inayebm airy'row, geverL lung ladde m, 191f p1 Wandcausflmteriales,c Saleo sping vanranbriclad-erthnkd Mtye - viewe on thie mornin of sale, an catalguesobrsinall of e.BITed rA . lira Asgne 3, Travlsmantret-bldnsofMsr.lae anMa, lcIos, ,Dansreet,Soho; ande ofteacineers,o 68,e VO/[ESSRS dTAVI aund JONSOX whorere Indcs " erlyj~as Thooial. TethsesCniblnrntigi rsct o lteeibroaryainut MenHawermand-ho Daontsaijb:- C wIN,onth BrEmies 1b. DwAUTe-IOh, city onei Grida Febrxy ate2-for , the ptLISTOCK; onsi gnemn cnstingof1poeulctan se4ecton ofomes, rksomfeua n osatwr,As the fr'at mslywhoe bofnd the bostrong-buit Wagou CandaTowne Carte. haer fre1a hrss,wi. cihlaf-cutting mcine,rtay. stable uthensls,and miselaneous effectsq. AtUtosetimeKillbeSDItoPSOniesuandtwonelight spingecartsan hares, underh antherbnrupxt'sestatemit. Myb ieweD oeayor.-; ceding the ALe, nd ataoguesbytaeinedenth Mopremies o .q d0r Stokiser, det,eolicsito,y4,Gay's-nn-snuare;san ofTheooauctioneers, 68,d Mar-lneal5,OD city, n ztgfo i-teCn Ch r- ina- and Gauta a duletboded fB3a P aetnd,1c, r sonaes a numrat 5 andfmord-pant, many boneiwng on Friday Feb.g the latt1efr I,hs uero the Assoingneres of yrar sig Backrer, Rcharpt,dinn tableso ( fandstsrof chairs in. mooco thke exCellrent aed. haof HeryI. Bel Dueq oeficialersetigente CotFran-stgreet-bnln of Jb Mesfs G arm dwnand IV. tcMagaresoictor, Chsth u fFwrch-V.chamtter, ore gate-st?reet; anof1I th re aucioees 48,hLettro-Hene. I;HeVDU'IaT,ICstand SnrYIMPSO , uctioneeris of- Clterar d1ropu&er.wilSELL1 byt;Hl A C? ION, t oSctheir th graSoom,eig!g oficcgadkI fon Jonday eLar to andtg folowith dayes, af largeieal. Wlseeonf, tCarinlLMReson OOivS, Cm~including te librar ofacler.- goaf JandI ah portinof Antotrhe sibraiy, damogehrs areui mayuo riusartleD s , earlyOS printd- booksg aCommocn Paer,tdtheedition 1ar9. ke,) C atalogues willbesenrt on rappiato. Ancentnd2odennMusic ndMusialInstrunuents. rwig §DMUTIK an IP eNactionteet Tof-ltear acary2iy, t nrethirdeefonpbuay aenlarge Con eIO f315 sefasn,ifor whirl moccdoscninenslneomllcnbueevd W)a tuis omaes anc rvlso ueTrcs e ZUMct; alabelitSIMSN aciner fltrr Indis, cmte arly oTheologclTetss n te uiu rilg anCatalogues wl ohorlber. LUTT IC S and SIMPS auctione'ers ofa literar jLmropt, tinmwMl SELLy AUCTION, at thei GreatBom 591, Sinterestigorect In ostdpatensofllieatn wt slctino- teokso-hebs forignautors,ostywelld batr tensive.and valuable STOCK of 1LPRflt1G-oFPIcE- comprising- - shutN2TOnsoMyp,fo adtheN prasalonr -AIlsby framesN, rack houseafurniture, e.Tobed v&iedonthedatkfr.sytand ondefay p,rtb ye a b es had on -the pemies: dand of hhneyandtioees, I GeneelFuritue, df-ctavs.e Pinuocete adbh Ubffecte.-Brxre. - iTENTOM andi~N will SELL shandUcTIowm I besAndibedding, washsndsd sefdaeWcs. chmnyandro lu-lass,eegn drawinhroom uite telags c"Wurt%r. MPtefc panig n nrvne rsescresand ug% hX,glas,ornaet,fndr,deIrn,clnayuesls c: h -vieed hadvlreceingthosal, Caaloueshadnth prmiss;
