- :How. PERCY HEtnRBER.T, I.PL-The return of ihis gallant officer from the Crimea is to be celebrated in Shropshire and 31ontgomersyshire bv a presentation and a dinner. Next Wednesday a public dinner will be given to' the hon. gentleman at Welshpool, in compliance with resoIutions adopted at a county meeting, presided over by the high sherifiM jr. Mytton. There wil al-o be a ball znd supper on Friday, to which the hon. gentleman and other members of the Pvowis family are invited. On the 22d inSt. he is to be presented with a sword by the inhalitants of Ludlow, for -which borouegh he now sits in Parliament. There will be a public reception on Wednesday next, wvhen Colonel Herbert wllM ride into Welshpool and to Polas Castle on the charger which carried him in the memorable encounters of Alma, Balaklava, Inkenmaun, and Sebastopol. THE HAEF fOLYDAY MOVEsEbNTe AT MINCHES=E.-It is to ba gathered from the reportof arecent meeting, that a very large proportion ef the retail traders of Mianchester are desirous that one aftermoon in the week should become a prescraptive holyday for theicselves and the people in their employment. Wfe may, indeed, safely infer, from the absence of all opposition, and from the variety and respectability of the proumoters of the movement, that the wish for this innovation is not only very general but practically unanimous There can be but one feeling about the ncattcr among those classes of the community who -are not personaly interested, one wvay or the other, in the proposed reform. If the men on whom will fall whEatever ris or sacrifice umy be involved in the experiment think it can be done, wre hare nothbing to do but encourage and npplard. Without spinning platitudes on the: wisdom and duty of recreation, - e knovw that the wvhole social body cames re ease and comfort franc everythin'g which removes the aches and pains of any of its members. Tho Saturday half-holyday, wherever it bas been tried, has been found so excellent an institution, morallg as well as economically, that we wish to extend it to every department of human labour where it can be established without absolute and pressing inconvenience. That must, perforce, be the verdict vwhich the bystanders of society pronounlce upon the question. The only persons whom we can conceive of as opposing the movement, on grounds apart from real or fancied interest, are those who might be e:lxpected in consistency to maintain, that " Six day slhalt thou labour" is a- Divine precept of literal and perpetual obligation. But they will not say anythingaboUt it, though why they should be silent when the re-distribution of the houirs of toil is being discussed w.ils so little regard to the ordinances of the Decalogue, they would s;ot find it very easy to ex;plain. Tuerning from the nuerits of the proposition 'o the means by which it is advocated, the chief t,hing requiring to be said is that no action can be successful in the matter unless it be spontaneous -cid free. Thus, for instance, we shall all probably aree that an attecupt to circumscribe the hours of Iabour within the proposed limit by lav would be highlyundesrable. If such objects of legislation are ever capable of a sound defenice, it. is only in very rare cases, and in the present it is, of cours4e not contemplated. Again, we should think it an unjustifiable, as well as acn impolitic proceeding to carry out lthe desired object by external pres-ure on the employers, or by anything in the sbape of it.tinidation. The orgalization wliich started in the world on 'Wednesday, under the auspices of the mayor, is free from the reproach of this equivocal aim. It does not intend to hold one class of mnen up to odium by contrasting their conduct with the more spirited and liberal practice of others, or to interfere in the slightest, degree with the free interchange of wvork and hire between employers and employed. It wants only to elicit a preponderance of opinion, and niake people of the same rway of thinking Imowvn as vwidely as possible to each other. There is no course for this purpose but publicity. The first object with tShe -promoters of the agitation is to circuLate facts hich may have been ovterlcol-ed;* the next is to let the persouswlYhomn they address knowY howv large a pror 6'tiondo their class have been brought to the sam e cnncl'csions and have formed the same wishes alS those wYhich they have thenl. selvesadonsted. 2-o new customof the2ind ca hbe introduced %ituhot the very general consent of those whom it will affect. Retail traders cannot be expected to offeud their customers and give an advantage to their competito-S by standing out alone for tho Saturday halfholyday. Herc and there aman of established eminence in his line is seen' able to do it, enjoying the higLest privilege of his success in the power of following his own judgmient to; do good. lit thebulk of the class can oly en,bo.rk insuchb experiments an the strength of aa amicable conipact with. their neighbours, and hence the propriety of the courso which they have taken in meeting together and comparing notes. Amongthelgentleme wlhoaassembleditheother inmorning, the decision on the main point appears to have been considered so little open to doubt that the discussion turnedentirely on the choice of- day. A preliminary canvass for opinions appears to have led some of the au thors of the mnovement to believe that Wednesday afternoou would present the&furest opportunity for n holydav; but the ineet'n decided unanimously in favour of Saturday. The qucestion i7, of cour.e, one Of extreme importance to 'be success of the undertaking, and one on which we do nob fesI comnpe-: tent to express a judgment, 'with so many confficting opinions of high practical authority before us. As might.: have been ex;pected, sentiments were divided pretty zancla -ccording to the trades which their holders happeI sed to DfoLov;-the dealers in the necessaries of life being generaly_ disposed to think that the latter half oE_ day coud net possibly be szcrificed, and these trades.- iren who mlinister in a somewhat greater degree to tasbe anutj caprce, thinking that customers would nmt bo long -n7 adaptingtbhenselves to & general change in' the hours of; business. Thenmanifest, overwhelmini advantage cfhavinr the hoilyay foiretail shopkeepers na tle samie day as the holyday in mills ad warehouses .eazed the day. It. ri- apprehended that this arrangemelt will nccessitate thie n.-- ment otf wagcs,6as a general xrle, at some carlier poio-ot' be-week than Saturday, and the partial, or entUre Iransi. ference, of :thbe market for provisions from that-day. :e Friday." These ate among the, principal difficulties in th&R4 wy of the anivetvl adaption 'of.the retaikeris 'ro sa'We hi e only-to repeat that the qusetiouretd entirl it themslves, and that that porton ofVtho pDliiic diriji iVl ex>eerfe noicnmediate advantage from thie movement .mja sd it with o ether ft,inothuan arorvu ad goo,dwi...
MOtZY-ALABlETaud CITYflT1SEN : .1 ------- - The ;Enlsh- funds have been steady througut Tha day at yesterday's prices, and thie tendencv to 2hi improved tone was again observable, althoug h the exten1t, of bnsines3 wvas' small. Cousols for money opened . 951&. to i, and remained without Si;eration up to the official close, but. after re-gular hot tat ions took place at.951 to J. for money, and 96 to I for the 10th of Saptember. The favourable weather for the harvest was the chief cause of the.improvement, which would be of a more decided cha"acter but for tha uninterrupted depres0i01 on the Paris Bourse. Consol Scrip left eff at 4-' to J premium; Bank Stock, 217M to 218; lceduced, 954 to 96; New Three per Cents., 964 to 6; A nnuities, 18k; India Stock, 234 to 28; and Exchequer-bonds, 100-- to @. -India Bonds and Exchequer-bills were afMeted by,the recent revival in the dercand for money; the former closed at 17s. to 20s. premium, and thne latter at 14s. to 18s. Mloney was in some instinces obtainable in the 4iscont-imarleetto-day at4' percent, and there was a'dirminished demand at the Bank as compared with yesterday. Foreigu.securities were generally rather firmer to-wards the close of business, but the operations were rootinrportant. Turkish Sixper Cents. for theaccount were purchased at 104L and 104j. In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed the bargains for the account were at 104- k and 0 ex. div. The general trans actions comprised-Chilian Six per Cents, 10; l.ador Nlew Consolidated, 14 ; Peruvian Thr&e per Cents., 538; Russian Foumrand-arlalf per Cent&, 98a; Spanish Three per Cents., 44. and 45; the iew Deferred, for account, 24k; Sisedish Four per Cents, 864 and 854; Dutch Two-and-a- per Cents., 654 and 65; and the Pour per Cent. Certilicates, 04.: In the foreign exchannges this afternoon the rates upon the principal places remained withortt alteration. There was a great increase of heaviness in the corn-sniolet this morning, and sales could not Ihave heen pressed except at a fturther decline, perhap; to the extent of 3s. per quarter. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week scows a steady busiiess at firm prices. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the aLis Bourse this evening were WOf. 20c. for money, and 70f. 75c. for the new account at the end of the month, showing another decline of nearly a-quarter per cent. letters from fawbueg state that the renewed d&ma-nd for money continues to increase, and that the rate of discount has advanced to 6 per cent. At Paris there is great dulness and a general abgence of business. Meanwhile anxiety prevails as to the character cf the official reports on the prospects of the I resent halvest. Advices frem St. Petersbnrg mention that from this day the import duty on raw sugar will be 3 silver roubles per poud, instead of 3 roubles 80 cpFEcs as hitherto, and that refined sugars will now be admitted at a duty of 5 silver roubles per poud. The specie brought by the West India and iifexicun tcamer this afternoon amounts to 250,0001., of ivhlich IO,C¢OI. is gold and 143,00(.. silver. The shipments of silver, &c., by the rndian steamner on the 4th will amount to between 600,0301. and 700,C001. At a half-yearly meeting of the Royal British BMnk, 1held to-.7ay, Mr. Esdaile presiding, the divit3end dec}ared w-as at the rate of 4 per cent. per annlu, and the report and accounts were adopted. l?helbalnnce-sheet shows a diminution in customers' balances, hbut it was explained by the chairznan that this arose fromr an altered mode of rendering the statementl, the account, if framed as in former reports, presenting an increase of 100,0001. during the past balf-year. A lengthened discussion took place, and, in answer to questions, it was stated thatthe recent eiange in the executivewill lead toeconomy, and that tlhe bank ist covered for any advances made ts the late mana_.,er. On the subject of bad debts it -er2s said that it would not be prudent to go into details, but the directors consider that they have made the requisite provision fo meet them. Several shareholders expressed themselves strongly against the policy of making advances to officers and other Farties connected with the bank, and the board prcmised to give attention to the suggestion. After fuirther explanations a vote of confidence was passed. Subjoined is an abstract of the report and balancesCAIZet . " The d rectors present to the proprietary the report for the vast half-year. They have determined, vith dzeregard to the pe-umanenrt initerests of the shareholders, to declare a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, which will ecable tLerm t, niake more than ordinary provision for bad and doubtful debts. The removal of the chief ofice to Threadrcedle-street, thou,gh retareed beyond the period anticipated, bas already been attended with an iniportant accession of custom ; and the directors are glad to announce a correlponding incra:so at the principal branches. The branch recently opened at Rolborn is maling the mnot satisfachory lrogress. An important change has taken place in the nan.agemaent of the bank; AT,-. Cameron having retired. the dIrecors havc availed themselves of the experience of Sir. Cra-furd, and have appointed him their general manager. They have also appointed Mr. Duncan their deputy- 1ns1ager. These gentlemen have both been for many years in the service of the bank, in importanlt situations. Dr. tL us rs- To euab,rr,i_ capit,l ZW. 000. one-half paid up .. £150,0C0 0 0 To amotut d:ce by tiee 13ank for deposits OD a=ccunt of ner sbare s and for fi re d periods; on drawiong ivCounts: on premoi'sory and circular notes and acceptarnce.forarcntoner .. .. .. .. 8i2.48 12 3 To reseese fund, a. at Ist of Febo- rarey, 1560. as per r,rort for sith year.e I.9 o To divezda.s. 211 9 8 £14.202 8 3 Unatporreia'edWne ae ditto .. 2,341 8 2 M gw bsAce feo the bal.f-year ended iJe 30, 1230, after matking provisrin for bzddebts, sad DP3Ying interest tf14,886 uls. ld.) on depo- tsits Pra ory aotea, zadbalaneea 15,069 15 G - 31,613 12 4 £1,011,04t2 4 7 Cr-. AssErs.3 'By o0r- e,n erinvertible ecnities for ahort period5; ad'an=e oc ,l b c-dit accounts. bias discounted. fec.£8Ie~~~~~~~X],201 0 1 By balarnc of preaiosory erpee. inclading char- ter a1vlbnacthat, ti bh liquidatod by yearly imtal- meats . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 15,793 1111 E;s arxeetoha toe tankin buussa53, &e,, to bs liqui- dated by Yearly instalments .. .23,6sh 3 4 By iaves3te-xtA in Geremen- o.,ls, sad cash iD hbau- 174, 4 9 3 £1,.024,012 4 Or. P5O57r A-D LOSS ACCOU_N. To unrri.cr5 of yhebeak fo the half reareoded the 3)tI of June, I356. at S cbhef office and sezemub.rnnmes, cornmPrecndi g renta. rate5, and tause, ssiarie, and psayment of iacome.tax .. £10,081 1 1 ToQa=Mna:Xuto irectorwat naneualseeting,F'eb. To a,ment Sel iapt1 tor liquidatin of preliminnry CxPenzs Sad cost Of premise, for halfyear end,d Juae 30., 1054 .. .. .. . .. .. 1, 00 0 0 To dividnid If.-ee of incone-tax) for hal-yoar ended June 30, Ii55, at 4 per cant- per waaum . . . 300,C 0 0 To rererred fmnd as at Feb., 1, 1686,1 asperb3slace-sbee -. £13,90 19 0 To dividends theren. 211 9 S To ze-rved lend, as at June 30.1863 14,202 S S Tounapproprated balance ,. - 060 2 7 15,22 11 3 ;£31,613 12 4 'Dr. BY grosi balace and reerved fund as above, brought do, ,.£31,613 12 4 £31,613 32 4 33y reserved fund, u above, brought down .. .. £03,2fi211 3 The folloving letter relates to the controversy between the parties interested in the London Life Association. Should the views of those who proposez a2 dis,-ioi of the funds be carried at the ballot on the 13th of August against the directors, the obvious counse for the wxiter and such members as are similarly placed will be to combine for the purpose of obtaining an injunction in Chancery:- "fhr,-!:-icnh thhe promnpt and efficient mannner in yihou y on h ave denounced all e easions of liabilities, I hsd ezpected some notice would be taken by you respecting the breach of cntract which will take place in the event of tLe reolutions ProPosed at the London Life A1foilation beih g carried. "n l6ae I effected a policy in that office, 0nn which I -'reed to pay heavier pr suiiaus tha n at ether offices on he pruise held to me in the prospect ad and table of rates lthat, afterpayin soevn ersu dpremaium, my futre prayment s hould beedreducedOp ce nt, thiss heinn n clams of ri3k.s vhich musb suit the convenience of a La.T7e nnumber whioz= can bly foresee theirmns for seven years, but after that desire to reduce their liability. "1 base. id two to annual premiums, ans kept my faith with the association, and I nov I earn (my policy does not give m.e a vote) that a certa portion of the members ure attempting to benefit themslel m se by iividr. 280,0002i . c hiefly n ong thc old members *' have not heard one reason to show the equity hereof. I wteas admitted n, partneir upon their ovwn conditions, anI I expect thse conditio to be fulfilled. i t is admitted that if this cesolution be caried my promized redactioni c3nnot .motnt t6 0 0 per cent. The snemabrs may lay down any 'wies for the c.-iadmision of nor partners, bult if they are t pocket this 2319,000., where is the line to be drawn, and Whlat scrity haove I fot the future 1 Possibly, like some Azt oc prey, their nppetite my ygrowo x what it - &msdsc -a iin air-o 'two y-eo, in-hDstuppoad -grund of a - further surplus, they may ibstract another quarter nilion. "I sought this sssoclation, hearing of itshithertohigh character ; but if the resolations in queation be carried Xepiadtionsvii3find its. homie in London as well a in Mis.- aissippi andMichgn. - ' - ~ - . I *Iam, Sir, your obedient servaat --"July 3L - - - " I . " Ir the colonial produte-markets during the- week the business has been limited, and lower Tates remin come instancs qu'oted. The demand for sugar hlas been inactive, and the improvement obtained at the close of last week has been lost. Although- the quantity offore&was moderate, and importers supported prices by buying in very freelly, yet transactions could be-conicluded only at a fall of fully ls. 6d. per Cwt. To-day, however, there has been a better feeling. Privately, a cargo of Havannah has been sold at ligh terms, and another is reported for the Mediterranean. In tea butfew trausactions have occurred; the fine kinds of black have been rather more inquired for, while the medium grades have been entirely neglected. The green descriptions are vwithout alteration.- Considerable parcels of coffee have been brouight to sale, yet the!demand bas been active, and nearly the whole has been disposed of at an advance of is. per cwt., chieflv on the plantation Ceylon sorts. A cargo of St. Domingo has been sold for Liverpool at a high price, supposed to be for transshipment to the Meditelranean. An extensive business has been concluded in floating cargoes of rice, chiefly Arracan, in most instances for near continental ports; on the spot the inferior kInds are in very good request, at higher rates, but the superiorare dull at lowerterms. Very fewtransactions have occurred in saltpet-e, and, it is quoted lower. The Eculatorian Commission of Agency have received from Guayaquil, by to-day's West India packet. a further remittance of 2,5231. on account of dividends. The retur from the Bank of England for the week ending the 26th of July gives the following reults, when comnpaledwit'n the previous week:_ PbliUc deposits ... ... 3,844,808..ncere3se £601,939 OtherdepeOSIU.. ... 10,S98,296...Decrease 1,304,177 Rest ... ... .. 3,352,951....lncrease 4,491 On the other side of the account:- Government secumities ... £13,713,464...Decrease £1,085,000 Other securities... ... 13,094,424... Decresse 59,240 Notes unemployed ... 5,803,045.._acrease 481.745 The amount of notes In circulation is 20,447,8301., being a decrease of 414,8001.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 12,388,8041., showing an increase of 58,0497- whenu compared with the I preceding return.
TRADE REPOBT. Friday Eveniing SUGAr.-There is 'more inquiry for sugar, and the fall of Wednesday seems to .ave been somewhat arrested. The wgrchther fano llowin are partCitculars- 594i bags Mauritius ,iOf West Ini thesales a5mgounat tot 33hhds.-ngsang 1,302 COFFEZ.-Tbe market closes at rather hotter prices. 363 casks, 450 barrels ancl bagp plantation Ceylon, 6ts. Gd. to 64s., for fine fine ordinary to miadding. 3i4 bags native Ceylon were taken out. Ricr..-2.7850 bags goo i Bengal were bought in at l2s. ad. per cwt. Privately trvo cargs b of Arracan are reported, one at lOIs. 9d. and one at 1Os. bid, per cwt. On the spot a large business in B3a31iam-aboit 8,000 bags at ra4her im. proved rate;, 9s. Gd. to 9s. 9d. per cwt. SALTPIZTPE..-200 bags 1.4 per cent, refratiou soid privately at l33 . 9,d. per cwtj - and at auction 512 bags common nibtrat of soda were withldrawn at 17s. 6d. per cwt. Cocosi-NUT Om.-133 casks Ceylon and 63 casks Sydney were offered in sale, and only. a portion sold at irregular. pie.The market is quiet, at ptevio pricS. pPALM% OrL.-285 casks were all' withdrawn. CecuiNEI,.-.Ofjt2S bags in public -alelabout half soldat TALLW.-Te mrketis fat,at 4s.6d. to 495. 9d. for the astthre moths an Sis to51,. a. on the spot.
RIr LWAY AN7D 2lNrNG SHRBES Friday Evening. The railway-market was firm, and prices were well supported. Great WYestern improved IL to 11. lOs. on purchases, but i1he full advance was not altogether unaintained in t-he later 3hours. The other incipal operatior-s were in Brighton, London and North-Weitern, and South-Weitern. Foreign descriptions exhibited no great alteration, but Sambre and Meuse have been more freely dealt in, at high price. liscellaneous securities have attracted inereased attention. Ottoman Bank- left off at 2kto pn.; Bankof Egypt, j to I pm.; National Discount Company, I to I pm. ex. new; ditto, New, to 1j M. Ri 3aUlay, 3 to 4 pm.; Plemauelo, yto Um.; Lomibardo-Yei3' " t pm.; ank of Switzerland, } dis. to par; Ceylon, :Ln to 1 pm.; Bengal, # to#pn.; EphraLa Yal. ley to tpm.; Copiapo, to 1 pm.; Western alk of London, par to pm.; Metropolta RRUilwy, i to pm; ad Westrn way of Austria, 1 to 21 pm. nlP.nY%Auv xTrA - K -
i STAT. OF T&LDL AND HSTP.R, Au. L. Meessrs. Robert 1'relana and XrNter in their Monwl circuar Bf this day rmar!k tha.- "Durig tihepost mon therc hbar been a la uaraount of buiiness dene, the various productions o! the di3tni: meeting with reedy sale, and in somae instines oontiikk have been entered. into for .deivery two montis forwsdi. s :xnatural conseqnance, pries of nearly- all deecriptionia of goods have been moving upw4ards and our quotationk vil, accordingly, be found higher. It is looked upon as a helthy syptom of. our mAzret tlat the deaoind diring gth& month has bee so generally diffased among the buyers. the irtsctioas, thoUglarwe in thle agre~a partakingl^ R the character of 'operations' than of a sound, reguarbtuineSS. Chleap money and fiboproepect of a favourable hartit conibine to inspire confidenc in the future, and orders are iven oat more freely than hus been tho cans for rmy months.. " TLe eeports of cotton piece goods and yarns for-the morith are 97 016; against 74,949 forthesametimnee-astyeirthis is considerably over the average for the previous thre moni;hs, which is 8S,950 paclk ges. ~The foflowringr classificaS tions showr at a. glance the proporition to- the :various markets: cvotton Cot.on: -Piece Goods, Yars. Iadies .. .. ., ., .. ~27.7 .. 8.7:1 ana ..... .. .. ... , . 5.2 .. L9: Au is .. .. . . . 2.1 . 0.QQ Ce2-tral ad South A=erica .. 18.7 IiO NezAmenera .. . . . . 19 . Wesbtndies ... ,. Coast of Afica ..... 49 o. Turey, lpt. and Lrant.. . . 10.0 . IL Gesnny and HoUlan . . 3.5 .. 46.2 Cther uropem State. . 523 3. 5 '~ CThe Liverpool cotton.,nsrliet has been without rnucYo change, and quotations are about .d. higher than at atlT sme time lEst mointh. . "Inmulettthebnsineis has been to nmoderate ex. tent; up to 50's prices are 8d higher; fine nuzbeis ar. quoted thIe ssme as last. : "In water twist there is no cha-nge in price but a firS asin steady market. . "In piece goods there has been alge aggregate basinaAnd for nearly all kinds the demnand continuesi act;ve. tnd 6inch 50-.yasrds priiting cloths, in quahities tip to 66? reed, have been in great request, and have. advanced fully 3d. per piece. Madapolla-s have also sold largely, anda p rices are 3d. higher per piece of 46 yards. Jaconots have oeen more asked for the last week, and some of the American buvers are beginning to operate in low qualities for dyeing. 40-inch India shirtings have continzmd steady-z Home-tr6de cualiies are well engaged, and are quoted 3d. to 4Jd. per pi-ce higher. T cloths, longeloths, amd doresg tics have met with inore ready sale, but theOm3nnufactureai of these goods fnd great difficulty in getting an advance imz price."e
THE OAKS CozLzERy s TAE". TO THE SD1TOIi OF THE TUSiS. Sir,-Several paragraphshaving apearedinyoarcolamna; in reference to this strike, -we fear s;me mlisconception has. arnsen as to the management of this colliery. We consider it due to ourselves and our managers to explain the facts of the case, and snaU feel very much obliged if you will find space in your valuable paper for this purpose. Since the year 18D our colliery has been nider the care of Mr. W oodhouse, of Derby, one of the mo5t eminent miniig engineers in the ]id-dom. Material inprovemcents have been effected in the machinery and l^ the ventilation of the mine, at a cost of many thonsand pounds; and we have it on very competent practical authority (totally unconnected with the colliery) that the underground works are ina. conditionnot sarpassea in any other pit. For the more effectuial supervision of thin and certain ot'her collieries in the district, Mr.' Woodhouse sent down, in February last, his principl assitant, Mr. Brown, to zeside at :Barn&y lie ha gncgdm y years'experienceia the mnanagement of the numerous collieries under Mr. Woodhouss's care in the midland counties. In April nst cur underviencrremoved to another cohlctryt and M1r. Woodhouse appointed Mir George lidnto to the situation, having previously employed him at several other collieries, and having full confidence in his competency for the office. Since his' appointment no alterations have been effected or experimnseos 3made, excepting at the sug~estion or wthL the full concurrence of MTr. 'Woodhsouse and Afr. Brown. On the 2d of Jane there was a alight exploion, without injury to 2daoonJ or to the pitk occasioned by the neglect o£ a man whio was one or several employed to examine the places 'with a safety lamp befora firing a. shot, -which precaution, as was pointed Outt to him afterwards by the Government inspector, he hadanot ,properly taken. Thin man was discharged for the n2eglect. On the 19th of June the men absented themselvea frour their work, and sent for Mr. Charles Morten, the Government inspector for the county, to examine the pit, wa makig a similar request to that gentleman. Some daysi elapsed before his numerous engagements enabled him to ,o ne, but we pledge our word that in the meantime not.a single alteration was made t^ affect the general condition oE tLhe p it or the state of ventilation. Mwr. MSorton occupied two^ days in investigating thecrircuAm stances and examining the IUndergrounud wvorkings, the resulti of which is described in the following report: "Sir-In compliance -with your own and your work men's request, I have this week- carefull xmie h underground works of thbe Oals Coliery, near Brunslety and I am of opinion that the mine is in a fit and safe working condition. I beg leave to thank the several agents and miners who accompanied mae for the ample explanations andl valuable assistance that Ireceived during the s " I remain, Sirs, yours respectfly, " CHAnLin RORTONo, Inspector of Coal Yines. MIessrs. Birth, Barber, andc Co., "Oaks Colliery, near Barnsley " unles w dichagedhr.Mino; hiswe, of course, mosh postIvly efue t do asit oul b~a new and curoitma featre fr te prprieorsand nginersof collierIes to, orl as to who should. or 'Wholdnotbe appointed to the sbordinatesituations FPTH. BA1.BBE1 A-l-n Cln v"' outerX, ne'ar zaEnslie, Jdu 3L
T WB MARtJYG1H .-4-" THOJPSOXV. pjOpPE To TME1 EDITOR OF THE Tnx&. Sir,-In:efeTezoinothelIetterna~p~eariig iny-oux co1iamns of this day, signed by "The PIlsints Attorney," we bc)g t-o say that th :entleman is in error in statin- that a verdict was found for the plaintiffs on all the ssnes. The following extrct from the nSinderland Times, of the 28tk nIt., shows the findr{g is of the jury - ".I That the plaintiff sent the ship to sea. 2. That 'lewas not in aitandprope -ate an feaving thedoto, go to sea. 3. That she was not seaworthy when she left the harbour; and 4. That she 'Was not lost throughiunI seaworthiness. The jury thought that, having given this verdict, they need not return answers on the ]sst two IssFe^ and his lordship concurred In the opinion,leeming aua !apswerto tneae issues unnecessary." We may add that it is the intention of our cElents to brIng the matter before the Court at the earliest po'ssbl& nonent. Yours re.re recsmotfu17 eox AND STONE. JIelenQ?.t's Attorner. 3, buItsRU, Azgust .L
From tL3 LONDON GAZE'TTE of Friday, Aug. 1. CRowN.OEPFT".. A1Tc. 1. ME1EiIBEt returned to serve in tbhs present 1'AILIA- Town of Nottingham. Chales Paget, ofI?Rnddingo rne n h onyo _Nottjughzmf th,Rigtsqn, Ewir Str'utt, who has accetdteofc fSeado e H3ajesty's Manor of Heahie ntecunty ofYork. THE ECCLESIASTICAL COYMMISSIONERS. This GazcUe contains several notices on the part of the Mcclesizstical Commnissionirs, from which it appears that Eer Majesty in Council has ratified aschemefor substituting n6 money payment for certain property belonging t-o the Mean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Westminster. Also a. schemne for authorizing the sale of certain property in Abingdon-street, Westminster. By the orersin ounil,perissonis given for the gleof erainprpery frmrlybeongngto the prebend caled stey,inthecolegateorparshchurch of Bromyar. Athoityisals gien or hepayment of various amesto ncubens i th contyof ork anad the county By another order in Council a scheme is approved for the sale of certain property formely belonging to the Precentorship of the cathedral church of Hereford,'and for theo sale of property formnerly beilngiLig td -the Prebend of Nethseiv.on, in thle cathedral chutch of Salibury. Also for the sale of certain property formnerly belonging to the minth canciury in the c-athedraL church of Durhamn and to the Archdeaconry of DurhAm..',' By another ordey in'j Couteil hTpr6t'al is given to the proposed assignment of'a patticulnrZ district of the church of St. Andrew, in Ashley-place, Westminster, to the churches of St. Stephen, Weotbourine-park-road, and St. Saviour, Warwick-road, Paddington. Authority is giver. by another order in Council to th assignment of a particular district to the church of St. Fagan in the parish of Aberdare. This Gazettc contains a notieeto mariners thatvarious lig,hts in the Davdanelles, Dosphorns, and Black Sea were relighted on tlhe Ist of June. These notices affect the following Ad. 3niralty charts :-Mediterranean, General, No. 2,158; Dar. Wan Aes,No.P24RBophoNs, P oL. 1ALLS, 2A243 2,44 thac ea enero, S.oJ.2,214 Sheetsrp, 1,h- 2,ve rand 3,1No 2,2t0 ofOtoe, 21 Dnube Co.e n 2,207 Alo' r aTrd efhaes Pothe rpp. 3o, 6u.3; Blanct Sear PiLot pp. 0,2,14adMdtr #esranea Lighthousae ofis, commsao.16,7011,72an I5th Lght Dragoons.-ent. Edomas G. P Alexndrip s to be Cp. ihu Mairch bys purchae,tire Moore .J.(.atre whosrrsLeut brlentiet Bankeras encnetdito substantiv ve ranke under theRoyal wrarxcsMrant o h 6t fto ber. ~ 18 vi;cret Bandedr.RoetHslntohet rank of ict.-s: FornetHenr Harrieon to be Lieut, bylnu purchasvie, viuc halise vcoret anfied. rbabenpritd eiefo th verie cyte sleoshars romoisdion.teSeT 2llhI,Foht.Daon-Lieut. HaR oumda Wilmer hatel a been emte per sale oretire from the service by the sale of his com neisason. -2hth Light Draiout.-Eaptd Thdame 0. cAetera,e foame toe bes 7obe, teot by, piurchase,m viie. Bakoer. amatr 31t Foat-Eosign Henrye SonefielSai to be~ Leut, by purchase, ve v.lic rimps, who retires; AlrdDWilsa Curpeady gentd. toeEnsign, by Xuorchaurhase vice Lonabbld ISth FoOt.-Assts Williaz. hob Dents HAerle. fron thes Sta Fo, tois Ib.a Cat.-e, vice tWiaHort promotednon therbStaf hoechn.s 24t Jam.LesCots ar Wo ienprmttd taon heiaso bhen sermitted to reirsae fOm b evc ytesl f his commission. -24t Foot.-ELtrnt Reginald GPridaerarOhchese, freom thae 2tsot t oot tnsgn bewieno., vichse Welts. Buppoigted prymoted. 325h Foot.-Enisign Hlenrytprs Stabiset beiileut..b Le. by purchse czsi,byprhse, vice DAc ;abbmto. 48th Foaot.-Capt. Whellon. Shepher HIue.r ee,t fromttathe Foot,t ±0o, ob Capt.,vie te Hon. illaer enyHebe who exchanges. 2ienot.-E3g James CrossRbe hauIn been spermitdt eisIosteservice by ±hainsale of hitcomisitonav. 513d Fot-Eniezot Reogeul G.tL WBterflery froms the th Foot, todi teEniment, wtho b iut.pshs, rice Nuusrapoinha, ptomthed.hFot 67th Feet.-Laieg. on Elbert Stanbe eiAcdj a i.. by pur-oot(l 69th Foot.-Leut. the Hon. Wilamphemo.- Herbert. fran the 46rthfrd Fot.-seviabystg e Jameso hiacrRobertson as. enspiae,h 953d Foot.-Lieut. Geo.- Gl angfr Broleaztob. Canpth d weshot Indra cehment toh Let. ice Noun, apreinted to the uthpFoo. 2d4ths Folal. R.LteoeJoh -Evans, tb FAwadiD.. Lytte tromoLete. b .Vrhsed Foic-LCart. ert h3h raetihed:enha been panermitgedto, rtir fro tE vergic by tarhae sace ofhs, cromoisseo. 3il WsFot Indiao Reg.men.LLnefotd Broake t be ap;.r witouthpur chase, vic theney. reotirob iut.r ezly poned troofllhae S3d Wet ;ni ResginSuern -Ebboldo EPargD.e to be Lieu. b utchaby '.such aso ierCrtr who rteeCharls Freu-d; eni-y Jlode gnte:.gn. to bnin beEnin,b purcha se, vice K inegor , promoted. 3A West-Srz Angua RJoineMa-cien. Cuhmmcares ayer fro the ol hAlft-na u of th 'er6t Foo,,,ton be D Let,rc es.apitdt h Sad ~t; mnle S~encr Cobel Paernmrr tohe e t.,b prchase Aslay prchSe, ViceamGreenuryte 11incte luernuWerar indi the 14nFont. Ceylsi. Hire le'nuent Joseph B Frelderc Sukiamr Saplesn the Liet., Ay pu-hse vl-ug icinheafrd.Wlely promoed.nrT i n 0 ot Assist.-Sesg. AnguCstJorn SMackhy Sopenunmcrary in the 21st Fool. A-ssit.-Suirg. Jlber Hawkin, SupeddrnMD. ueumerary in the4tFo. Assist -Surg.%VSamuel lourph Bayeeve. Supernumerary in the 31th F oot. Assil;t.-Sueg. .camed PletrlSteyt, MDuperneumerary in he96hFoo3t. Asl;Ut.-Surg. AlexndVerno Dudeddnl GMaD., Supernumerary inx theo hId Foot. Aseist..Surg. Alfriam HeonopJeer, Supernumerary ia the 35thoot A-oo3t.-ugJonJbsnSpeuerrinte4t ot Assist.-Surg. JVlame PBrad stretawD, Supernumerary in the 19hFath Assist.-Surg. Amulextander Ddpeon, G.aD.. Supernumerary in the diet Foot. Ax;is-t.-Surg. JHenr Jolcson SupernSuumerary in the 62th Foot. Assist.-Surg. 1etserJoseph AHcen. Supernumerary in the 63dh Fot. Assist-.Surg. William Thomleaswailg. Supernumerary 'in the 5t ot A,ssht.-Surg. RicardnuellStacy Mkpeade,D. Superamer. netrar in3the 56t Foot. Assist.-Surg. Charenr Rloydr RNdelso, Supernmemrary in the 90thFoot. .Assist.-Surg.WPeteJosep Hcery,Pl d Supernumerary in the 93d Foot. Aseist.-Surg. Willrgm Thomey Paisholo. Supernumerary ~in the 9t PTh oot. Foot.~~~~~~~~~~~~~n h 7tr ot ThAnude-Srme.GeorgelMotney ASwinta.Supgernumeraryinte eaedthd lionyo the rid Brinologae. cko o hersrie d euty, thergebrin rinolonelr occaio fror thei servicesht rgon.t be Capt., by purchase, vice Brevet-Major Horatio Fenwlect. who retires BREVET. Cot. Joha Mitchell, to have the local rank of Msjor-Gea. at the Cape of Good Hope. Lieut. James Shaw Gibh, of the Bengal Artillery, to have the rank o Lleut, in tto army whilet emploued at the East India Company's Reeruiting deptit at lValley. COMMmSSION, -Signed by the LonD-L[-r`j7rex,usT and Sunamc---PRuecro'sa of thLe County of Ayr. Ayrshire Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.-Lieut. John Hamilton, to be Capt., vice Boyle, resigned: Cornet john iplper. to be Lieut.. vice IT-Taniltor,, promoted: Claude Aloxander. gent., to be Cornet. vice Cathcart. rezigned. John Crichton. gent., to be Cornet. vice Sir James rerguasos, promoted. [Tuie following appointmient is suabstituted for that which appeared in the Gazdfie of the 17th of Juno.] By the LoaDt-mLszNArrsssT of the County of Kent. Rent iltia Regiment of Artillery.-Second Lieut. Charles Beau-. clerk, to he Lenut., vices Waring, promoted. PARTTY911S9IPS DISSOL,VED. J. ess.tJ. Faltt. Edd ngton. Wiltshire, blacknsniths. -Eilis and lHarbor, Bue nchr-rad Rotherhithe rope manufactreres.-Green. Pepper, e-ndZOlills, ,Skelto. Staffordsldr Potteejes, brick manufacturers.-Butcher and HedFkinson. Heyweodnod Mancehester, cotton spinrmers-Colemnan and 'W illiams. Celeford, Glocesterohire. grocera,- FChaloncr, Sons. and Co., Lseerpool. Ehipbmiders.-W~. and D. Smith, Nese-croas, coal dealers..-A. Wiilmot and R. H. Singlehurst, Darby. makers of rltstir ho-iery.-W. and A. Chilloot., BrAiso, silversmniths.`W. Mtay, H. ned A. Stoesalger.-W. and J. Redfern, War,wick-, plasterers. -1Milhingion and Baker, Nottingham, lsce manafa::turess.-G. Milner and C. T. Cowdery, Paternioster-row, wholesale c1lyrnists.-Fitzmaurice and WVarhuret. Marachezter, medical fitters.- F'rostz=d Herrmane, Great St. Helen's, Bishopegate, staropera in gold andrilver on textile fdbriCm.-J. Consere. jun.,and Co Leeds,cunrres -R. Saul and T. Kirb y. Prnton. joinem -.W. Edwards and Co., Bir=anglehasn, gun maunuacturers-19exon and Lilwall, High Wycoembe, printers, - .lPurnnan and B. Parry. Afonwen, Flintahire, aer mannfacturcrs-Dean and Arthur, Blackburn, corners.- -Wright and Itegra,S. ox,. Sore andG. c4tnrs, Ntba StGeorge's and Brito. lkai eafetusrs-.Goonan ndCo., Yit orkc-place, DECL.ARA.TION3 OF DI[VIDENtDS. -3. Paierzon, Manchester. toiloc-first div. of 5a. 7d * onk new proofs, on Tfuesday next, or any 'Treeday after October 4, at Mr. Fottes, tan-cebster. R. Darblngton, WI_-n. moey ovnr-Suat div. of Is. 4d.. on T-uesday next, or any Tuesday fter 'Octnoeber 4, a, Mr. Potts, Mtanchester. R. B. Bubby. 1Manuchester limo merchxat-dirat di7. of Is. 5-9d.. on Tuezday next, Cy any Tuesday after October 4, at Lb. Felt's, Man- chester.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~etr J. hilipsandW, nd . Hgue Macheter cotonspinnerssecod di. of9 ll16d. onTuesay nxt, r an Turdayafter PrevlS'o delrd, nay day before Augus3t 8,o nnfatr fe October 4. at Mlr. Beres, lfewcastle-upon-Tye S. end Et. W. Btose, Honiton, drapera-lla div. of 4-a 2Id. on the seprat esateCf . Rse,andhirS dv. f Ie,on the Escparate estate of. Bose, Danyes Tueday porvFisindeay.lter. Hszta atr d iiiv.ea. nd tolv.Dofu.Ia sn theskeparae, etatnero . S'inl, JosecliEykoa an-d ItichardvIWsreu, George.yard, Mil1ton-street, mcameal, to. siurrender Acts. 12, at half-past 2 o'clock, Sept. 11'. at halfpoet II, at the RanLM Wts Court: solicitors Mr. Baylis. Itederomstreet. and Sir. Geo-go Ren na. College-hill; offiziai. assignee, Mrx. Graham. James Gathercole. Eltbaret, lKent, envelope maaufAct'ner. Al%. 12. at 2 o'clock.Sit,,et 19. ~at hal-asi at the Banlmrna'.'tODUrt;- solttore Messrs Maddox sa,d Wyatt, Clement's-Inns oalaie,g&signe Mr. Eteisadeld. Wviliiam Button. Erith, huilder, Aug. 12, at I'cec,ep.7.a hmij ,ost 12.- at the Uaeikrupts' Court ; colicitors, Means. Mladdox and Wyantt. ClzmrVsin; oEci-al assignee, Mir. Stansfeld. Henry jbnas Smith and Benjaupn Crane. tate of Great ft. BelenS, end elsewhere. derdci-ri, Aug. 15, at halipast 12 o'clock Scit :is,- at II. at the Baleimpta' Court: solicitor. MTr. Smith, Tokenahoas ya ;cflEeli -~igncc, lranz.n.n Aldermnantmr' a DeenHairs. lSt. Watc&m rEcedsman. Aug. 14, Sept. i2n.a oclock, at the 13aanrarts' Cro-ti solicitorz, zmer. Laswrance. Fre M, and Bcryer Old Jewryvehabems Old Jewry; officiat assignee, zir. 'whitorto j~aalnhzl-fitreet. FredrickWillnBa lo e, Vauxhalt1-walkr, veterinaryvurgeon, Auig. 7. nt I o'clock, Fep-t. '12. at IL, at the B ankrupts Court; soliCitor. StIr Smine' lnssrec-:rscte, Cheopride~; offcial essiguee, Mr. Carman, Thomavs Etpraboa. Nsrthnmptoe seine merchan't Aug 8, at I o'clrck. fsePt. 12, at half-rest 1 a~t the Bankrupts' i500rt :Solicitor, ir. lOrahamO Furniroi'ls'in, YRolbe ; offcial asignee, Mr. Wllat- meire, Bs~ ~ ~~o; gro-ers Aug.ILScepmnoat. erer. Aeg 12w , a the C fstol District Court of Ba c . Beuton, hMr. Bridges, Bristol ofica - assigneo. ,Mr. ABralcah, BristIOL ge,MrAra u DIVIEND. Aug. 25. J. Shaunon, Liverpool, ilnendraper. CERTMOA3 to be gra-nted. unles causa he shown to the con- tray, on the day of meeting. Aug. 22. E. Fihber, Middlesex-piace, Heokneyproad. oilma--Aug. 22. R. P. Barlow, late o Laurence Pountney-lane and snuon-street West. wne merrhanit. SCO2aCH SEQU7ESTRATIONS. 3. Camneron, Edinburgh, Daperzsaer, Aug. 9, at 12 oclock, _t Dov.lls audLyon's Rtoomns, ldiubureh. J. Phillips, Glarsow eewved muslinre anufeetuxer. Aug. li, ae 1 o'dolec, at tho Glasgow Stolck-Exehsnge Rooen, Glasgow a 3. Gardiner, lately of nkton,CgrazierAg.E3,l o'clock, ae the George Hotel, Kibarueck 2;B CORNt AVERG}ES GBn1alleeD JyAelareciveans'wzeekendc S JDlY 2i. 18325-*. The Aveisgo Psiceof Brown orI',uzcovado Sugur, computed from the returna mad itt the week ending the 29th of July, exclusi7e of Customse dutiespaidorpsyaN etbereonon the Importation t2:ereof into GreatBritaltn. ILd. From tbheMtlsh posessloas in Amerca 32 7 per cwt Prom. tho Mauriifus- ........ .. 322t ronmtheEbst ldies . 32 4. TXho average prico of the three foregoing de- sciptions of lmgar. jointly. computed as above. and exclusivo of duty, is .. .. 32 61 By anthority of Parliament, Em-ItY Bicmr-LT. Clerk of the Groocrs' Coompan. Gr;cere-hsal Aug. .
IRELAND. (iRO2I OUR OWN Co-xRSrONDEx. 1 - DUBLIN, FRIDAy. THE CROPS z THE SOUTH. The Line-kL- Obsersver has the following remarks on the prospects of the fast ripening harvest 'Not for the Iasst yearsbhave the farmers of this county had mere cause for hope and rejoicing at the prospect of abundance than is now afforded by a glance at the teeming richness of the ensuing harvest. Althongh the prices of grain may be in some degzee influenced by foreign atrivals, owing to the price, the reduction will be more than counterbalanced by the redundant crop, aid leave the farmer still independent as the real producer of wealLh in this country. The wheat and barley were never in the memory of man an.r. Sormuch cannot be said of oats -which this season come forward wvith a short stunted ear and no straw. It is mottheearof 'many branches'!iling the sack this year as formely.dm GeeropusPe arte very ltitftlen use, the principal abound, and baconiplntifl, adotheetoetera s h0too. ,The people are more successful with the butter trade in this. cou,nty. The markets are convenient, and fine high prices ready when the work is done, which accounts for the absence of the green crops, and the comparative wealth and cofnsequent in,dependence of the farming classes of the county THE FUNDS. Three per C-ent. Consols, 95g A ; dlitto, for account, August 12, 95fi; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95i dit,for account August 12, 954 j, ; Bank- Stock,, 230. '-bernian Bankh of Ireland (2 ad), 314; City of Dublin Steampacket shares of 1836to 5. pad 3G p aid), 3 lwa.- Belfast and Ballymena, for account (50, pLaid), 5241; br and Bandon (510?. paid), 131 ; ditto, Eighths 5A per cent. preference (61. 5s. Pald), 5 f Cork, Blaeckrock, aiid Passage, for account (201. paid), 15; Dahlia and Belfast Junction (454. pad), 48; ditto, for account, 43; Dublin and Drogheda, New Thlirds (25?. paid), 24; Dublin andl Wicklow (10?. paid), 6Q; Great Southern and Western, for account (501. paid), 59; itt, Eihth, 6 er ent,preerence (6W. 5s. paid), Zft ~; Iish outhEastrn (2!.7aid -~ ditto, for accoun, 78; Kllaney uncion,(1&paid), 104S 4; Midland reatWestrn ad Ras! Cnal 50?.paid, 55; Waterfrd andLimerik (504paid),2W'; dtto, or accoun, 24 4 dito,5 pr cnt,preerece 50? pad),464.
FISHMONGERS' COMPANY. This ancient company, according to ancient customl, celebrated the happy accession of the family of Her present Majesty to the throne of Great Britain by a banquet last night. M1r. Wandsey, who officiated for Mlr. John KynasIton, Prime Warden, presided; and among the company wereViscount Palmerston, E.G., the Earl of Fortescue, E.G., Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood, the Right Hon. Dr. Lushington, the Hon. J. P. Locke King, M.P., Mr. E. Ball, MLP., Ar: B. Oliveira, MLP., Mr. Apslev Pellatt, MP., the Chairman of the East India Company, the Deeuty-Governor of the Bank, the Governor of the Irish Society, Mr. Alderman and Sheriff Rose, Mr. Sheriff-elect Mechi, the Master of the Drapers' Company, the Master of the Clothworkers' Company, Colonel Fawcett, Captain H. Shuttleworth, Sir John Easthope, &c. The dinner, which was provided by Messrs. Ring and Brymer, was worthy of the hospitality of the company. After the msual loyal towsts, The C5LiIRIiAN proposed " The Health of Her Majesty's Ministers." (Cheers.) Lord PALaERSToNrosce to ack-nowledge the toast amid great cheering. He said,-Mr. Prime Warden, my Lords, and Gentlemen,-I beg, for myself and colleagies, to return you our most sincere thanks for the kind manner in which you have been pleased to propose our healths, and the flattering manner in which you, gentlemen, have had the kindness to receive it. I assure you, gentlemen, that nothing can be dearer to the hearts of Her Majesty's Government than to receive such proofs and expressions as it has been my good fortune now to witnesW of Lhe goodwill and good opinion of large bodies of our fellowcountrymen. The Prime Warden has been kind enough to speak in very handsome terms of the conduct of Her Majesty's Government during the arduous period of time wvhich has just elapsedc; and, as far as constant study and the zealous devotion of our whole time and thoughts and energy to the public service may entitle us to your good opinion we flatter ourselves that in that respect we have de, served it. (Cheers.) The part which any Government in this country has to perform in a difficult time is an easy one indeed, and the more difficult the circumstances the easier is the task they have to discharge, because there never was a period in which a nation displayed such a noble determination and such an honourable public spirit-such a determination to unite and to afford to those whc have to oonduct public affairs every possible means for vindicating the national honour and asserting the national rights-as the British nation has manifested at the present time. There never was a period, too, at which the country has been ruled by a Sovereign who has sympathized more with the people she governed, or v.ho was more ready to give hand and thought with them in the common cause. (Hear, hear.) Therefore the task that has fallen during the late war to the Government has been perfeetly easy. They have only had to accept the means that a generous people have placed at their disposal, and to direct that gallant army and navy which have been ready and competent to undertake anything that human nature could enable them to achieve. (Hlear.) My hon. friend the Prime Warden has adverted to the terms of peace. I think that they have been found satisfactory, and that the more they havo been reflected upon the more they have been found to accomplish all the legitimate objects for which the war was undertaken. (Rear, hear.) My hon. friend has touched upon some tonics which were calculated to excite regret rather than satisaac. tion-of causes which we were unable to advocate, of inter. ests which we were unable to serve; but, however the gene. rous feelings of the nation mav point to sufferings which they might wish to relieve, or miseries which they might wish to put an end to, yet inhuman affairs we must consider what we aTe able to do, and we must not be led on, even in a loyal and generous spirit, to attempt ends which we are not able to accomplish. (Hear, hear.) And it may be necessary to remember that, in attempting things that are beyond our means, we may be attempting impossibilities which may do mora harm than good to those whom we may seek to serve. (Hear.) Gentlemen, itis gratifying to me to feel that lam an honorary member of this ancient corporation. I cannot boast of any other connexion with this company, but it is a satisfaction to me to think that I am a member of an asseciation which has reckoned among its members some of the most distinguished men who have been the ornaments of this country, and which has been remarkable for its liberality of opinion and its constitutional princ:ples a' a time when examples of this liberality were not so frequent as at the present day. It is needless to remind those who are your guests to-day that this association, independent of its great antiquity and merits, is one of the best landlords to be found in the sister country. (Cheers.) There is no society whieh has administered a great property in Ireland in a more benevolent spirit to its tenantry-which has expended its revenues in a more enlightened spirit for the improvement and advancement of those who live upon its estates, and which has, therefore, been more entitled to the admiration of the country. (Hear, hear.) I may also be permitted to say that circumstances connected with the present. moment render the present invitation more par. ticularly agreeable to some of us. We who are members of theHouse of Parliament sit at a table not sowell stored with things zefreshing to the body and mind as we find here (laughter), and we sit also for houzs, days, and nights in an assembly wFhich is not quito so unanimous as that rhich I have now the honourto address. (Laughter.) But, finding value in contrast, and with evory possible respect for that assembly-of which I can only speak handsomely since the^y have, during this great struggle, behaved as honourably and as nobly as the people they representyet I must say that the occupations of this evening are fully as agreeable as those in wihich we have recently spent. so many hon. The noble Viscount concluded byproposing "The Healthof the Prime Warden," which was drunk with every mark or respect. The PRn WARDEN returned thanks, and proposed the toast of "The City of London, its Corporation, and Com-. merce." The time had come for assimilating its general, laws to those of the rest of the community; yetawise Government would lay a tender hand upon those peculiar privileges which characterized the corporation of this great city. mr. Alderman and Sheriff RoSE acknowledged the toast,There were, no doubt, some abuses to be remedied which had crept in with time, and it might be desirable to enlargo the constituency of the city. But the corporation had done their duty, and bad three times gone to the Government to asic them to ast them in g,nng a real representation to the Common CounciL He did not hesitate to say that it would be an evil day if the city lost the opportunity of!ap- pointzg itsoow magisatesand of exercising those priv- o government which it had inherited from a remote time. (Hear.) Amongthe thertoast wer-..". Vice-Chancellor Weeodand the Visitors," "Mr. Ball and the House of Commans,"&c. Inte course of the eveninthewinner of the D t Coat and Badge was introdulced to the Prime Warde togtherwiththe innes ofthe sEK,3nd an I third piles,whorecivd the rewadsie by the Fiahm inggers
To the, SHARE,HOLDER1S or the GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY -.COMPANY,. - VLOUR Board of Dirctiors hawing refusedi me the tL inspectiont of the Register of the Holdcen of Consolidated Stock. I havrepruoounlced such a denta to be an illegal exercise of thleir autbrst; bt rthe tha Laa rcouse o alegal tyibunal for re-- dree ot wrng, hichteig intictduonuoe of youx is indicted upon li, t wil apearmaepreent.oapp L I the firstiustance to the xeriseof yur owes atthunex haf yesry meeting, when, yorconcerns. As e ae al idebed o te eertonsofthe Reform Association ferte rducton f th stmp dty nproiesfrems2s. 6d. to-6d. each, exercise,~~~~~~~~~~nx I have the honiour to be your obedient secrvant. Castleman's, near IHaldenbead. July 26, 1856. E o-T XRJITTINGTON CLUB.-TRce HA~LF-YEARLY TV MEETING of the Members will take place at the Freei;aasona'. ball,Great Qneen-street, on londay evening. August 4,at 8o'cl-ock, J. J.MSCaly, Req ,1Presdent of the Institutionisnthe chair. Office, 262. Strand. HEN-R Y . BRICE, Secretary, C U - iCHAMVBERS ASSOCIATION.-The ROOMS which wilfl become VACANT on the 10th of October nextmaybeseenouapplication to the secretary. Therentincludes the use oftthe coffee roz,amaddrawiegeooum,. wthneee,pa-pers, attendantsof cervants, &e, The situation is one of the most eligiblein Loudocn.-5, Regent-street, August, 1858. By order of the Committee, 17. RICHARDSON, See. KNSINGO HALL COLLEGIATE 1INSTI- ',Director of Education-Mr. JOHNSON. The dbje,t ot this Institiation is to proi;de resident pupils with a complete and systematic courseof e1dumailon and instructIon, up(,n a plau that combines the advantages of a echool and a collge with more than usual attention to individuial peularmities, and to the useful as well as elegant requiremeuts of after life. The lecture acranemente include comprehlensive courses of Euglishlitsrature,mental phIlsophy, noatural history, natural philosephy. and theo application on cience tip education, doomestic economsy, and the preservation of hes,lth. jI~1 DN BURGH ACADMY. Inorporated-by Rector-he Rev.JAMES TEPHEN ODSON,D.D, of Ballial ned ectn Colegs, Ofor. 11 Cle,Om D'Arcy W. Thom psoi, AILA. Pembroke Cefflege, Cambeidge Henry Wein, Univereityof Edinburgh, and aLA. of Cams3 Col1ege.C%m- bridge MatbeMaticel Master-James (Ilosg, LL,D. Master of French r,d German Languagen-J. G. E. Sfacso&, B.LL., A=Cgr6c of the UniveAtMy Of Farm Eng:lish an.5 Iocution blcaster-Geargen Iicrertuoe Writing and Arithmnetic Master-JohnmMaclean. Asaistant Wilting and Arithmetic Meeater-Rtobt. ClegbOrn Fortification and Military and Civ-il EncineeIig-ient, J. H-ackie DraLwing Master-Arthur Perigal, A_R.S.A.!iu Ditt for Architectural and Engineering Drawing-Walter Carmicha.el Teachers of FencIng-Messrs.Rolaud Janitor-Hugh Graham. The next SESSION of the Edinburgh Academy will COMMLENCE on Wednesdasy, October 1, at 10 o'cloclk. whenMr Weir will open the First or Junior Clams. The Academay is an institution in which young gentlemen, from 9 or lOito 16 or 17 yearn of age and upwrards, receive a thorouch eAucatton in classims, modeim languages. mathermatics, and English literature, Although the Awacrms isoes3entially a clas-sical institution, a modern side has recently been added to the school for tbe adv-antago of young gentlemen who mnean to eater the Alilitaryor Civil Service or to follow pursuits in which an extsusive acquaintance with classuin is not required. On Monday. the 29th. and Tuesday, the 30th Sept., attendance will be given at the Academy, from 12 to 3 o'clock-, for the enrolment of newv pupfils Any additional information may be obtaLined from MTr. P'attisn, Clerk to the Directors, 21, St. Andrew-square. Edinburgh, Boarders are received bp the Itettor. 62, 'Great King-street : ISIr, Trotter, 10. Arin-street; Mrf. Harvey, S. Brandon-street ; Mz. M1acieod, 2. RyE-place. YA ITALA OPERA, LYCEUMI.- L.All persons havn CL US on accounit of the Opera or Maae Ristori's Performance r requested to deliver their accoDunts -on or before Mlondaynext, Ags 4, and to aPPly on the Saturday following, at 2 o'clock, for payet I tER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-MIdle. Piccolo.J.LMinL-Farewell Nipbt-.-It in respectfully announced that TELREE FAREWELL NIGHTSwilt be given--viz., on Tuesday, Auigust50tb,Thurs,day, August 7th. and Saturday, Augus~t th. Prices. -Boxes, pit tier, and one-pair, LI2 12s. d; grand tier. £3 Is-:; twopair, Li lie. Oil,; ilires-pair, £t 10.; gallery boxes. l5s. ; gallery stalls, 53, ; gallery side stalls, 3s. 6d, ; pit, 53, ; gallery, Is, 6d. by Mfr. W. Farren anod IssTlo.Aftrwhich (for the seventh time). the new and greal successful comnedy, in three acts, entitlod SECOND LOVE. Characters by Mr. Burkstoee MrX. Howe, Mr. Compton., Tilris Reyliold, Stiss 1. Oliver, and Sir. E. Fitzvwilisin. After which, the- brilliant billet pantomnime of TaEE CAPTIVES, or, A Night in the Alhambra, in whichL the renowned Spanish Dancers. Peres Hens, Manuel Perer, san their Company will aptr ih(by desirel the newv farce of THE RIGHTS AND WOMAN in whbich Mr. P,ocketone and Mliss Talbot will appear. Concluding writh THE SPAINISH SERJEAN T. The new comedy of Second Love and the Spanish Dancers every evening. ROYAL PRI2NCESS's TH-EATRE. - THIS EVENING (Saturday, Aug. 21 will be presnted Sh3ksneace'a play of THE WINTER'S TALE. Precededbha-the new farce, in one act. entitled IMUSIC HATE CHIARM.S.- THEARE RYAL,ADELPHI-eenaemn of those American comedians,r.an ic.Bne Wiliam, te *ina IrshBoy and Yankeo Gal.Getsceso h oriina cnil peceofOur Gal and Bom toC d nk-rWih LUCK im More,Mr. BarneyWilllams, wit h sn f h Flaming 'Ftunt ans"ad an Inc,h jig. I-C Auust21,theeatdraimatic micht, being for the BRIENEIT of Proessr ADERON.ROB ROY and B ACK-EYED SUSAN. Rob oy ilt ommnceat? 7o'oloek. Helen Macgregor (fcor this occastanonll, rs.Vicory Isajor Galhbmith, Mfr. Hamnilton Braham. of theRoyl Oera, wo lsskindly consented to appsa~r- Rob Ray, the Grea Wiard imslf,The other characters by Mdliles, Stephens, Deuln, regry,Sc.and Messrs. F. Mlorton, Harry Pearson D,' Steart J,Mal J.Turer, John Hudspeth, Mloore. Kelsey, Hisgaton, Paye, lyte, utir,Hamiltonrlones, &c. Franicis Oshaldlexote.Mr. w: awhoro,-ih bn ewe.Eerenado oc -, Seet lady, Aise.1' To be followed byNr.H Seymour Carleton's Dzamatic Shadows, And to conclude with BlackEe Susan, Blank-Eyed SunanSirs. C Mm . kontgomry;Doly Mylwer Mis Mzy andrs:William, Professor Andeson;BluePete, Mr W. awthrne.Mille. Deulinx will dance a Hohiad Fint nd he oruppe.Comence at 7, Boxes, Is.; MAGIC an MYSTERY on Mon ay,Agust 4, being his final A STLEY's BATL F T aE ALMA, ~and invita£),tion of the Guards by Mfr. William Cooke. with SW0 auxilaries, chietly miitary, and nil its Original grandeur of effect, being the last six nighits, Productioni of a new grand historical equestrian spectacle, entitled Richard lIt, or The Rattle of Bos3worth Field, on lilonday, / -~ ~~AATET' HAi - '/~~~Mll.(I's,loi. opera, LA TRAVIA llA . Vircltassinll. i. clmn;Afeo Signor Calsoisri; Bar-one Dauphol. Signor Vairo; Dottore Grenvil. Signor Baiuiou c Germnont Giorgio, Signor Benevenitano. lSetween the acts of the opera, a Grand kiss de Deux by SiddIle. Katirne (her last appearance) and IL Vandris, accompanied by the Corps de Ballot, Alter the opera the National Anthem: the solo0 par's by Malls. Ficcolomini anid Mille, Findi, Signori Calzolari, Bellettti,atod leneventano, supported bythe Chorus and the whole strength of the Complany, To concluds wvith the niew grand ballet. LE CORSAIRE. blldora, Madame Rosati; Conrad, Signor Rotirani. Appliratioms for boxes, stalls, end tickets to be made at the bax-oflice of the theatre, Colonnade. Hliymacket. ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LX'CBUSL Iast Night of the Season. ilb pefr THIS EVENING (Sts, A ugustCA C )O willS be pferformed, SCNLOVietboEra,MLA FAVOIt-stAn,x Heonro, Mada Cmet Griss; SiynorSldsMis los Olve.,am Sino Grtzwilli:and PeresNna ndo, tiger ilane. onectrs-in r T Cosa C APTI thES, n o ofit thE Opera, ANu ONatealAthm OF WO d aveX Th cuesls,e willb sung.ae f H THNII S&EANTRERYL HY KT lUnder the Management of Mir. OharlestKens. etHiSed VEU INC H AT COAMICLCUTS. After whic h. htsex!apa SECoNDrlOe:r Mlr. Boot-bstoe.: Dicr.eHow, Mad. CempstanMs ReHolS. Miss OIve,r.And MrR. itwbylM.e Pers a Noun and thely.J Spaishan nce rs. intery THE eCAPTIVES . KeeW '3 ith oH RGHS N WrONG OFme W OlimAN. T ocuewt alto H ROYAL OPRINCES' THEATRE. Undr sta .Mnagmen olf r. NCharls. en TH VNIG EATR AEROA ARUDELPI.Mzr'A ia Proprie toar. Ir. B.t Webster:EDEA rereons, Mada meryCelJsonte. 4 Blnd Str. GereC rhateuly, MisesK Tell =;I Keldey, M c. Wi. R obUnRA GALN byGAGMrSW Bsroy iliamF.Anc?obsoiauMrs StOUg. oD e rLUCK ASL'gROYAL OL MPI HEATRE.TF THS OOR CO, RRAESGPOUND:E MeSr. A,Wen Lerlie,anderisStrlig requ Este Croon.MrsEer y; Jhat n th e pic .St.heoprgce orphus Moy issternathed, imr. Fsoed n s am CONJUeAL UndeSSNr. F.Rh so amndecMrs.ulations. ommtenc atSPast-ofc No 0 heTr. -stasmsil vstdby potheGad to seetithei comradesa-d fi orteibattleovetriaesn Wtheouic ofu copyr-sitd s t heamm-sp.stm No notice can be takon of anonymous communications. Whatever is intendedl for insertion maust beao uthienti,atod by the flume and address of the writ-er; not necessarily for public-ation, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. tZ' ThaDuhliUcatunofo Till: Tmum commenced at 5 -'clc yrecterda morning. audduinihedat 10 minutes past 16.I
Lo.wDoN, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1856. The condition of Italy is indeed pitiable. Disfracted by Govenmments which have no aympathy but that of common jealousy. and by nationalities 'which hate each other more than they hate the commoon oppressor, she can find in her professed patriots neither identity of opinion nor unity ov action. With a language which to a melodiou3 beauty unites the expression of tender sympathies and high aspirations, with a people whose lower orders furnished the bravest soldiers to the armies of N&roIxow, and whose higher ranks l'ave recently furnished martyrs. to the cause ot liberty such as the countrymen of RUSSELL and SIDNEY might admire, with a caase which might inflame a generous sympathy in every brave and patriotic breast, still Italy can neither combine her sons in a struggleagainst their foes, nor in accordance among themselves. As the pressure of the foreign yoke becomes more galling, as the tyranny of domestic misgovernmierit becomes more odious 'and humiliating, so increase the differences'and distra6tions beween the men whose courage is invoked to break or whose wisdom is expected to solve her ignoble subjection. - There are divisions between her patriots as there are divisios between her neighbouring States and cognate principalities. - Freedom is desired, sighed for, and maay be fought for; but she is secondary to the ambition, the jealousies, and hatred of those -who aspire to win her. And well do they who govern Italy know this fatal weakness; richly do they profit by it; largely and lavishly wiU they foment it. They will encourage and enhance it as the best ally wlhile the conflict lasts, and as the strongest reserve when the conflict is won. So long as it endures, the Austrian wilt be allpowerful in Bologna, sacerdotal misgovernment will drain the finances and plunder or exilo the citizens of Rome, Naples will tolerate an oppression more iniquitous than any of the 15th or 10th centuries, and Tuscany will compensate for her exemption from flagrant violence by her exposure to the petty annoyances of autocracy. To the foreign Povwer who invades, and to the domestic despot who insults and pillages Italy, the jealousies of her citizens and the recriminations of her patriots are a permanent and reliable resource; and from none of them has either received so much aid as from hI. Mizzmix and his nartisans. The name of MAizz=r will be long remembered, if not cherished, in Italy. He is entitled to that exceptional fame which survives the presence and the achievements of Iiim on whom it is conferred. The Italian revolution of 1848 has perhiaps exacted a more prolix retribution than aniy other of modern days, but Al. MAzz=si has not been content with its victims, and at Milan and elsewhere has excited fresh revolts, to be avenged by fresh executions. Even the other day an 1neitde at Massa, of the true Mazzinian type, contributed another batch of prisoners to the Austrian dungeons. For the illegal seizures which have broken up the union of families-for the unjust deaths which have destroyed their peacefor the fearful espionage which has tracked the steps of good and guiltless men to a cruel sentence or a hopeless imprisonment-for the vicked arts and wicked violence of incensed and re-established despotism, the Italians will have to thank men like MszziNi, who dictated a policy at once recldess, impracticable, irritating, and imbecile. And now, again, when a faint light of promise for the future seems to streak the sombre skly of Italian politics-when vise men are planning mnoderate counsels, and brave men biding a time of action, the meddling theorist again interferes to sow disunion among the States and sons of Italy. Postponing the liberation of Italy to his own crotchets, the fact itself to his own notion of the mode in which it should be accomplished, the cause itself to certain incidents which he must associate with it as indispensable, he assails Signor AU-N-w for having pointed out a mode of achieving this great object more in harmony with the existing state of things and the temper of the Italian people than a crude and illprepared risimg, -without a common leader and a common plan. The Italians who have tested the two men in action can hardly hesitate with which to side,-the man who, having broken the confederacy of the last movement by his hotheaded sectarianism, left his admirers to the dungeons and chains of the victorious foreigner; or the man who, having shared in the devoted labours wlhich resuscitated the past glories of Venice, now waives a cherished theory in order to base the emancipation of Italy on the union of her sons. To MAZxZI the past has spoken in vain; to Mssh-x it is eloquent of instruction. The one would surnmmon to the standard pf revolt a motley rabble of unsympathetic rebels, men inflamed as much wvith a hatred of all subordination, all property, and all religion, as of the foreign soldier who doniuieers and the native priest who plunders in the fair plains of his country-men who, once heated by conquest, wouild soil their hands in brutal rapine, or, once check-ed by defeat, would abandon their cause in ignominious tremor. The other-hating anarchy and disorder no less than he hates assassination-would enlist under some known aud powerful standard the more noble and generous spirits of Italy, would summon to the support of a cherished cause the traditions of ancient renown and the prestige of a name associateEd with valour, glory, and victory. The one would launch his troublous elements at once into the sanguinary stream of war without provision for the failure which is almost certain, or retreat for the victims thus foredoomed. The other, warned by the past, and knowing the pregnant interests of tho future, would harbour his resources umtil the time of their development was ripe -would bring the teachings of long experience to bear upon the task of smoothing down the asperity of ancient rivalries and enmities, of subordinating hot-tempered enthusiasm to a d:Einite plan of uniform action, of merging provincial pride and provincial ambition in the great and noble tassk of making aU Italy free. To achieve this work he would not alarm the susceptibtiiies of moderate men, nor awaken the suspir;ion of Absoluhtists, nor excite the cupidity or vindictiveness of the sordid and the cruel; but would seek to extend to a wider circle and exhibit on a wiider field that capacity for self-government, that power of reconciling the essential properties of freedom with the decorous embellishments of monarchy, aud of combining devotion to the family of a Sovereign -with an enlarged love of country, which have earned for the small kingdom of Piedmont the sympathy and admiration of States more wealthy and more powerful. It may be true, as Mizza vwrites to 1G.N- in our yesterday's impression, that the Piedmontese - dislikes the Lombard, and the Lombard hates the Piedmontese, and that both hate or despise the Neapolitan and the Roman. But what then ? Is the disunion -which unfortunately exists, and has always existed, to the practical dismemnberment of' Italy, more likely to be healed by the precipitate insurrection of a mob of wild democrats or turbulent socialists, mixed with a tolerable sprinkling of unscrupulous assassins, than by the consolidation of a great Italiau party, bent upon restoring the liberties of their nation, but bent also on restforing them consistently -with order and good government ? MAZzmr is angry at the presence of the monarchical element. He has already led a r'evolt which soon got rid of-its obnoxious presence, and he will perhaps gratify the world with his own account of the advantages which flowed from this elimination.. Whatever his own theory may be of his failure, we suspect the 'world will agree with those more temperate but not less devoted friends of Italy who found all their designs for her restitution and regeneration on the success of the' experiment which Sardinia is now hap pily making to show that Italians can be constitutionally governed without rushing into anarchy or sinkingig into servility,; and that the slow and gradual disseminatinon of constitutional ideas throughout the Peninsula is thep.surest guarantee of its even- 'tal emancipition from te gyves which no t : - ' - j 4 ignolbly fetter its iithought and xaaion. It my not b3 reserved fori E King of SARDiiA to head a movement in t1le cause: of -liberationj ie may not desire it. :is people may be iverse to it, or his-neighbours. -But of this we are convinced,that, be thefuturi3 leader of Italian liberation who he may, the dignity and the independence of Piedmont have given a tone to Italian sentiinent and set an example o Italian patriots of which the full influence will be ielt only when Italv is anited and free.
There are certain points on which every Government must be more or less uncontroled, and on which a nation must be content with malking its rulers responsible when evil consequences result, leaving them till then full powers of initiation ana management. Such aie the administration of the public departments, the selection of men for diplomatic posts, for the Consular Service, and for the government of the dependencies of the Cnowi. It would be an inconvenient and useless interference of the community if every appointment at a foreign Court or in a distant colony were the su'bject of popular or Parliamentary investigation, and it would besides tend to overthrow that theory of responsibility on which our. government is founded. If Ministers could not, choose their subordinates they would have a right to repudiate the responsibility for their shortcomings. It must, then, be admitted as a settled principle that, within certain limits, the secondary servants of the Caow-x shlould be appointed by the free I choice of its chief Ministers. But what are those limits? If a Secretary of State were to crowd Lis departient with his brothers, cousins, private friends, or political agents, the puMlic and their representatives would have a right to interfeie, even though no positive disaster took place, since it may be foreseen that such a course, generally adopted, m-ust in the end bring detriment to the State. Similarly, whnen we see a system in use which notoriously places unfit men in highly important positions, we must be allowed so far to trench on the free agency of Government as to ask that the system be changed, and that the Ministers of the CRowN, while retaining their power of individual selection, should subordinate it to a general plan, by -which tl:e ability of their agents may be tested, and each le transferred to a fit sphere of activity. It is not a mere theoretical defect that we have to point out in the case of the Diplomatic Service. The shortcomings of the British Embassies and Legations become from time to time painfully conspicuous. It is notorious that the best men in the service complair. most of the quality of those whc serve with them or under them. The diplomatic career, its usage3, incitements, and rewards, the mental calibre of those who engage in it, the principles of their training, and the manner ol their promotion, are as little understood by the pablic in general as were the details of our nilitary system three years ago. There is reason to believe that the deficiencies of the organization and the individuals are nearly the same in both these departments of the nublic service, and, though it is hardly likely that any general diplomatic campaign will exhibit our foreign representation in ruin and collapse, yet it is difficult to say how much the national influence may not be lessened abroad by the inertness, incapacity, or warped symppathies of those who act in the name of England. A return has just been laid before Parliament of " all persons "engaged in HEim MAjsrr's Diplomatic Service, "-with the dates of their first appointments and of their subsequent promotions." This document reveals at a glance the whole machinery of British representation at foreign Courts. We find, in the first place, that by far the. greater part of iinisters and Chargda d'Affaires belong to the limited class which has furnished hitherto Generals to our army and Governors to our colonies. Diplomacy in England would seem to be almost exclusively the attribute of younger sons or peers of limited fortune. Of those who have risen to its chiel honours there are indeed few whose connexion with certain ruling families cannot be clearly traced. We cannot doubt, therefore, that appointments have been hitherto matters of favour. Wlitnout intending to depreciate tlie genius of the class we allude to, we can hardly suppose that in so many cases the talents of the aristocrat or the hereditary Whig have preponderated decidedly over those of other men. Let any one take the return and make the induction for himself. Let him see who hold the chief posts, and who from the speed with wehich they are being promoted appear likely to succeed them. He will then judge for hiimself on-what principle our Diplomatic Service is conducted. But the unpaid attach6 does not rise into the Envoy, the Minister, or the Ambassador, without some probation. Be certainly ought to know men and ma-nners, for there is hardly a capital that he has not visited. iFrom north to south, from the Old World to the New, the diplomatic aspirant wanders, and the celerity of his rise seems proportioned to his official vagrancy. The first name in the list is the Hon. Sir Rh&r3pn AsEP=Caony. He has been to Fi-5ankfort, the THgue, Paris, Rio Janeiro, Brussels, Berlin, Ilorence, Turin, and is now at the Hague again, as Minister-Plenipotentiary. During a year he was attached to the Foreign-office at home, but with this exception he has been since 1821-that is, for 35 years-employed abroad. We only tak-e this gentleman's name because it is first in the alphabetical list; there are many other similar cases. Indeed, there is hardly a single chief of a legation who has not been officiaUy employed at five or six capitals, and has not resided during nearly his whole career out of England. In this part of the system -we think most of the defects of the service take their rise. The habits of thought, the tone of political life in England, are inditenous to the soil, and differ widely from anything that is to be found in foreign cointries. Even persons long resident in the colonies or India are found to have very false ideas about their own land, and to form most inaccurate judgments onr the tendencies of any course of conduct, or the reception which any particular event will meet with at home. How difficult must it be, then, for a young man placed at the age of- 21 in a foreign capital, ignorant of the feelings and pursuits of his countrymen; imbibing only the small. ideas and petty jealousies of a lmited service, to retain anything of the public spirit and the national vigour of thought whichdistinguish even ordinary Englishmen -who have passed their lives at this-warm heaeth of free discussion and politica1 conflict L The man who passes from youth to middle age amid the cold decorousness of diplomatic life, who changes ihis -station from caiital to capital as often as an opportunity of advanicement occurs, who cares not to learn anything of the eritory he is in, :ince in a month he may quit it for- ever, and whose hopes and fears connected with his own cointry are confinied to the - doings of a little clique - of officials at home, is hardly likel- to be such a servant as the exigencies of political affairs in these latter days demand. In fact, he cannot truly represent England, because he does not -understand it. The mere forms of official intercourse -and an acquaintance with two or three European languages he is likely to possess; but we caa hardly be surprised .to. learn that in impre3sing foreign. Cabinets with the real sentimentg of his countrYmen,. in -.adviing them as to the probable course of events, even-in supporting with :eal and einerg the exprese's Niei- of hi o i Government, be is wdfuUy deficient.: The remedy for this, whichi ' is no evil, seems simple enough. The Diplomatic SeOvice- is er-dently a development and a dependency of , I the Foreign-office. Whether the commuicatio be oral br by despatch makes no difference as -'to principle; the Envoy at a foreign Coult nmiust ae; considered as' the personal representative of ' the :Minister at home, and the attache to the EMbasL . or Legation as in an analogous position -to the clerk at the Foreign-office. The duties of the two are almost identical, the differ. ence being that the clerk at home s Loftea L concerned with Parliamentary inquisies, ewhil7hej attache has occasion sometimes for address anld. shrewdness in pensonal interviews. Both: -hese spheres of action 'have their influence in educating a young man for his profession, and there is iio, reason -why the two departments should not be at once amalgamated. Let there be perpetual cir=.: lation between the heart and the extremities. Let the proraisind official. from a foreign capital have the opportunity of completing and generalizing hi! knowledge at home, and the man who has worked well at home learn whatever can be taught by inter. course with politicians and -general society abroad. A: statesman who is in earnest on the point could) soon accomplish such a reform, although the considerations which have heretofore governed the distribution of diplomatic patronage must first cease.
Whatever may have been the errors of Mr, Sm= O'Bsai&'s earlier career, it is impossible to deny that in his hour of adversity, and when his hopes had crumbled to dust, he acted with. remarkable dignity. Now that the evil times are past, and that the Irish turmoils of eight years back appear to us ike a feverish dream, wve can aford to add that this gentleman, as far as he was concerned in them, acted -with perfect simplicity and good faith. There is a broad distinction between Mr. S-n OUBnsn and the professional agitators who were so long the curse of Ireland. While others were actuated by selfish motives, and were endeavouring to further their ow n advancement in life by lashing to madness the passions of an excitable people, 3iTr SA=a O'Bnrx believed in the rirhteousness and justice of the cauise. The very height of his imprudence may be taken, in one sense, as the test of his sincerity. His coadjutors would have contented themselves -with talking and writing treason; with him rebellion was not a thing to be talked about, nor a thing to be written about, bat a thing to be done. We a-re, of course, as much at a loss as ever to comprehend how any man of sound mind could have indulged the expectation that the fervour of an undisciplined and unarmed rabble could -with any prospect of success be pitted against the organized strength of the British empire. The project was as irrational in conception as it would have been criminal in execution, hlad it not been strangled at its birth amid the general derision. Happily, there was division in the camp-there was a profound reluctance on the part of all men who mnight have lost by the event to engage in so mad a schemethere was want of preparation-there was no slubstantial belief in the possibilities of succes5 even among the immediate leaders. They hustled each other into rebellion they scarce knew how themselves; and doubtless 3Mr. Smrrn O'BRss very honesty was one of the principal causes why they ventured at length within the peril of the law. He was impatient of, the sham and pretension of his associates. He and they were either fools or knaves, or they were bound to give practical evidence that they had not been deluding their countrymen with idle -words. It would be useless here to recur to the tluice-.told tale of the abortive rising. The rebels were taken up by the police, as a parcel of unruly students might be collared and carried off to the station-house for wrenching off knockers and uttering unseemly cries in a respectable neighbourhood. So ended the first great act of Mvr. Smrn O'BnMF's political life. It was not a very wise one, and we had rather not dwell upon it. If we mention it at all it is rather h1onoris- causf ; it is that we may express an opinion that, however wild his actions -however unpardonable the course he adoptedMIr. SmiTr O'Bxnn- was at least actuated by honest motives. His friends may admit that he acted like a fool; his enemies cannot say of him that he was a knave. This is no mean praise of any one of the heroes who have figured in the chronicles of Irish agitation. It has now become a question among this gentleman's friends that he should be immediately returned to serve once more in Parliament. Air. Sr O'Ba has steadily, and -we think most wisely, refused to accede to theirrequest. He has judged that time must pass over so feaful a mistake as the one Le committed eight years ago. No doubt, if he were returned to Parliament to-morrow, he would be a more useful member than the great bulk of the Irish representatives. But he has consulted better for his ovrn dignity, and, -we believe, for his ultimate utility. When years have gone by, and he has by a steady discharge of the duties of his station given evidence to his fellow-subjects that he has broken with his past history, he may again acquire weight in counsel; but he has yet to earn a character for solid judgment. After all, why should men run this mad steeplechase to the Palace at Westminster 7 A man may exercise great weight in public affairs,; he may be the good genius of his neighbourhood; he may absolutely compel Parliament to action wvithout ever entering its walls. There are few positions in the British empire at the present moment which offer such abundant opportunities for doing good as that of a native Irish gentleman who will turn his influence among his coiuntrymen to good account. He can do far more than any stranger, however [ample that strangeres means -may be-however benevolent his intentions. The short way to the heart of the Irish peasant, more especially in the southern and western districts of his country, is open to the native proprietor, while the new Englishl proprietor must address himself to the head-a far less perfect portion of the Irish organization. MIr. Su=U O'BnrmF himself, after his protracted exile, cannot but be struck with the change around him. There is plenty yet that is amiss inIreland, but the co-utry is on the path of improvement, and is every day advancing towards prosperity. Districts are under the plough where there was nothing but desolation ten yeaxs ago. The laboiuring population, for the most part, can fmd employment, and they are no longer to anything lika the sanae extent as before dependent upon the potato for their precariouqs existence. -Railro ids intersect the land. Rapid and frequent communication be. tween the various parts of the country has already produced its effect. lr. S-Nvr O'BPnN will find the greatest possible change between the Ireland of 1848 and the Ireland of 1856, but he will 'find still ample scope for his energy-and his be&evolence, and he will be far more wefuUly employed as a country gentleman than as a senaator-,ini. versally respected indeedL for his honour and good faith, but of' a dubious character for discretion.
CBYSTAI PAiACE CONCEBTS. The last and best of the series of 12 concerts given by the corrpany of the RoyalItalian Opera at the Palace of Crystal takplace yesterday. The magnificent weather added, if possible, to the attractions of the programnme, and the temporary music room, so cleverly constracted in the nave of the building, was crowded, as well as the adjacent courts, with a brilliant and fashionable assembly. T'he selection was interesting throughout. The overture to Leonora (the grandest of the FidcZio set) began the first, ard the Gzcillaume Tel of Rossini the second part. Both were finely played by the splendid orchestra under the direction of Mr. Costa, and the last encored with acclamation. After Beethoven's overture Signor Graziand sang the a-ia, "AAh per sempre" (I Puwiteni), and Herr Formes the solemn and impressive "Possenti numi," from 17 Flauto Magico, in which the choras of course assisted. These were well delivered and well received. The frst encore was obtained by Madame Rosa Devries, in the Swiss " Echo Song" (with chorus), composed by Carl Eckert for Madame Sontag; and the next in the exquisite madrigal of Festa" Down in a flowery vale." The romenza from LaFarorita, "Una vergine," sung with genuine sentiment by Signor Gardoni,wasfoLiowedbyMr.Costa'smelodiousandslilfuilyvoiced quartet-"Ecco.quel fiero istante°-w'hich could not have been intrusted to more competent exponents than Mesdames Grisi andNaatierDidi6e. SignorsMarioand Ronconi. This w,as one of the " gems" of the concert. With what briliant facility Madame Bosio executes the familiar Mal4e de braTfmre of Venzano, it is unnecessary to insist. She sang it better even than usual on the present occasion, and was rewarded by an uproarious encore. The first part of the concert terminated with theffnate to the last act of Zorma. -.he " principals," being Madame Grisi, Signor Gardoni, and Herr Formes. The performance was worthy of the music. The overture to Gztillaune Tell was succeeded by the caratina from I Puritani-" Qul la voce"-to which the fervid expression and unsurpassable meza voce of Madame Grisi imparted simultaneously a dramatic and a vocal charm. Nor could anything more charming in its way be imagined than the duet from 17 Cont, Ory, "IUne dama in questo seno" - more especially when rerdered with so much spirit and sensibility as by Mademoiselle Marai and Signor Gardoni. Beethoven's " Adelaida " was then sung by Signor Mario-as probably no other can sing it-and encored with unanimity. Instead of the original pianoforte accompaniment (pianofortes being unknown at these performances) we had an admirable orchestral arrangement, which, if we are well informed, is from the pen of Mr. Costa. The sparLling duet, "Quanto amore," from L'Eisir d?Arrwrc, saug (and ated) by Madame Bosio and Ronconi with such verve and abandon that the stage adjuncts, so requisite for the proper effect of this essentially theatrical music, were,scarcely missed; the plaintive romncana, " Una furtiva lagrima," from the same opera, in which the new tenor, SignorNeri Baraldi, exhibited not onlyapleasing voice but true and unaffected expression; and the brindindw from Lir-rexidaBor7ia, song with wonderful animation by Madame Nastier Didi6e, added three more to the almost internirable list of encores that distinguished this highly suc. cessful concert-which, to conclude, was brought to a close, with capital effect, by the finade to the last act of Fideljo, the solos beingallottedto Madame Bosio, MademoiselleMarai Signors Gardoni, Neri Baraldi, Polonini, and Herr Formea On the wholo we have rarely been present at a musical entertainment more thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, or one in which the artists, stimulated by liberal and warm appreciation, exerted themselves with more uniformly excellent results. In short it was difficult to decide which manifested the greater interest in the performancesthe singers or tho public. Every one took the utmost pains, and whatever was really well done was at once understood and applauded. Thus, the end was as satisfactory as the beginning, and our musical readers will not be sorry to hear that arrangements have already been projected to renew these truly delightful concerts inthe season of next year. No new experiment was ever more prosperous at the outset; and, what is stiU better, none ever more entirely merited success.
COURT CIRCULAR. ROYAL PAVILIOIT, ALDERSHOTT, AuG. L The Queen, accompanied by the Prince, rode on horseback yesterday afternoon, and was Present at the musketrv practice near the camp. Her Majesty returned to the Pavilion soon after 8 O'clock. The Royal dinner party included ILieutenant-General Knollys; Colonel Douiglas, 11th Hussars; Major Bright, 19th Regimnent; Lieutenant-Colonel Sparks, 38th Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Ingram, 97ith Rtegiment - IdeutenantColonel Parke, 72d Regiment ; Lieutenant-6oionel Lushington, Scots Fusilcer Guards - Colonel the Hon. J. Lindsay, Grenadier Guards; and3 Lieutenant-Colonel Rooke, 19th Regiment. This morning, at 9 o'clock, Her Majesty ipctedl the 72d Regiment, just returned from the Crimea. The Queen also inspected the Regiment of Scots Grays, and gave prizes to the maen who had proved themselves the bedst hots at the mausketry practice on the preceding evening Her Majesty left shortly afterwards for the Marnhorough station, where a special train was in readfinca to convey the Royal party to Southampton. Her oyalHighess he Dches ofKent left her resi-
RpTup.N or THE Roy.&L FA-arsy moot ALDEx5HoTT TO OSBORnu-z--SoMaumErTo,-~ Aug. .-.This morning Her M-ajesty the Queen, his Royal Hghness Prince Albert, the Plrincesg Royal, Princess Alice, andc 1Prince Axthxur arrived from Aldershott by special train, and immediately embark,ed atthedo abouoard theRoyal g?h Far, o.Captain Denmafn, the tender Elfin also m inatndance. The Roya pe7ongen were accomranied by Lady Chin-chill, Lady-in-W aiting; Colonel Backley, Groom-rn-Waiting t-o the Q.ueen; and Captain DinPlat, Equerry-in. Waiting to Prince Albert. The arrival of the Royal party being expected, a large number of persons had congregated in the decks. The usual arrangements -were made by the dock officias, Messrs. Hedger and Levy; and the Royal carriages were attended by Mfr. Crombie, secretary ; Mr. Scott,' traffic manager ;Mr. Beattie, engineer; rn. Godson andXr. Watkins, anp erintendents to the SouthWesterm Railway Company. As the Royal yacht was leaving the dock, the spilendid paddle steamer Atrato, Captain Woolley, belonging to the Royal Mail Comnrany Was moving out into the river, and the Royal party were evidently attracted by the noble appearance of this large vesseL. Eer Royal Highness the Thichens of Kent also embarked on boardL the Elfin CtainCrispin, this afternoon, on a visit to Her Majesty'atacsorne. Hier Royal Hfighness wil return, sOe Southampton, to her residence at Frogmore on Wednesday next. D)uring the embarcation of fler Majesty the ships o the Peninsular and OrietalComanymaned ard, ad fagswere hoisted on boar th llod Mil ompay'svessls,thecrews of the the eck. voeroyc.~erig astheRoyal yacht lefti IRONi SHxrBuvmnriG Ox~ THE TYNE.-SHIZ.Ds, Jluly 3L-A powerful-looking iron screw steamslhip, of about 1,400 tons~, wias launched from the building-yard of' Mr. T. D. Marshall. of South Shields, this, afternoon. She will be immediately fitted with engines and despatched to liverpool, where eke has been purchased by a Greek house to run be'tween thatt port and the Levant. She is a very noble seie of marine architecture. Messrs T. and W.Smith o.f 'North Shields, are also fitting out a porerfu-l paddlewbeel iron steamnshi,tbempod in the passenger and cattle tradebeenDudk d liverpooL, She belongs to the Dandalk. and Mdldand Steamship Company, and is having- on es put into haer by Messrs. R. Stephenson an-d Lo, of New- eastlo-on-Tyne. Messrs. Palnier Brothers~, of Jarr-ow, are also fitting oat. an iron screw schooner of 800 tong, for a Hull house. She is intended to run'between Hull and St. Petersbur inth y enger and goods trAde. On Saturda ess .and W. Smith, of North Shields wil launch an iron screw schooner for the Government. She wil be named thie Balaklava. It was at Messr. Smith's works, it
Shie WEST I7ThDIA, MEXICAN, and PACIFIC. MAILS. (A summary of the following appeared in our second edithonL of yesterday:-) SOUTHAIPTON, AUG. L By the RLoyal mail steamship Madalena, Captain A-bbott, wnith the mails from the West Indies, Mexico, and the Pacific, in charge of Lieutenant Darby, R.N., Admiralty agent, rwe have dates from-- Tampico ... ... . June 30 Grenada ... J..uly II 'Vera Cruz ... ... July 5 Carriacou ... - 11 Harvannalb ... ... - 10 St. Vincentws ...- 11 Paerto Cabela ... - 8 St. Lucia ... ... - 13 Greytown ... ... - 6 3Martinique - 13 Carthagena ... - 11 Dominique - 13 Chagres . . - 9 Guadaloupe . - 14 Jamaica ... ... - 12 Antigun ... . - 14 Hayti .- 13 Monbserrat ... - 14 Porto llico ... - 14 lNevis ... ... - 14 Demerara ... ... - 10 St. Kitt's . - 14 Tobago . - 9 Tortola . - 14 Trinidad ... - loLaGusyra ..- 8 Barbadoes. - 12 St. Thomars ... - 17 The MIagdalena brings 164 passengers, among whom are Mr. Shortland, Governor of Tobago, and wife, Count Feillaux, from Martinique, Sir Charles Payne, Bart., and Mr. Payne, from St. Kit-Vs ; the Hon. DIr. Bowen, from Trinidad; the Eon. Mrs. Bingham, from St. Thomas's; Captains Hawtayne and Crofton, from Barbadoes, &c. On freight the Magdalenahas$1,263,377, or-say, 254,000t. sterling, of which $713,020 is in silver, and $537,470 in gold, wvith the remainder in platina. The princiPal portion is from the Pacific ports. Of the entire amount $4W0,652 is from the Gulf of Mexico, $1,150 from Jamaica, $1,080 from Havannah, and $6,357 from other parts of the WVest Indies. The cargo comprises 44 serons of cochineal, 488 serons of bark, 8 serons of jalap, 10 cases of cigars, 49 bales of tobacco, 50 bales of sarsaparilla, 3S8 packages of auriferous ore, 24 live turtle, and 122 packages of sundries. The Plata, 12 days from Southampton, with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails, arrived at St. Tnomas's on the 14th ult. During the homeward voyage the Mfagdalena experienced fine weather, with smooth sea. Yellow fever was increasing very much in the West India islands generaly, and more particularly among the shipDing at St. Thomas's, Jamaica, and lRavannah, and a very sick;ly season was expected. The Royal Mail Company's ships were beginning heavily to feel the disorder. Msuch auxiety was felt at Jamaica when the packet left as to the name of Sir Henry Barkly's successor to the government. It was confidently staled that Lord Courtenay would succeed him. His name (although unknown personally) was exceedingly popular. It was announced that there would be shortly an accession to the bar from England, the Jamaica bar having become very scanty from death:and appointments. Great joy was manifested on account of the pacific news brought by the last steamer respecting our position with America, and the probability of there being no war betvween the two countries. Fever was very prevalent throughout the island, especially at Kingston, Falmouth, and Montego Bay. There had been five or six deaths in Trelawny. The Legislature stood prorogued to the middle of Auagust, but would not meet till the end of October, the usual tine. Public opinion appeared to be decidedly against the recentchange in the constitution of the island, and it was thought that they ought to have the same liberal form of government which was enjoyed in Canada and Halifax; that the Executive Mlinisters ought to be responsible to the Deople, and when unable to carry their measures through the Assembly made to resign. The colony was tranquiL There is little change to notice in commercial matters at Jamaica. The stock of American butter was large, and sales nominal. Irish was quoted at Is. 6d. for small lots. Mlartel's brandy was sold at 19s. Cornmeal was in good demand; not less than 1,200 barrels and upwards had been sold at 22s. and 23s. A cargo of codfish, just arrived, had been disposed of at 22s. in boxes, and 20s. in tierces. There was a good deal of inferior fish still in the market. Flour fetched 38s., 39s., and 40s. for small lots; the stock was about 5,000 barrels. American hams were abundant and dull. Pork was very dull of sale, at advanced prices. Exchange on London was quoted for bills at 90 days 1 per I cent. pm.; 60 days, 1J ditto; and 30 days, 2 ditto. Merchants' bills -were at par. The following vessels were in Kingston har. bour :-The barks Success, Patricia, Nereid, Spartan, SeaRover, and Shelbourne; the brigantines Belle (English), Telegraph, Henry Marshall, and Susan SmaU (American); the schooners Peerless, Samuel (American), Anita (Duteh), Diligencia (New Granadian), Eliza (Haytian), and Reserve (English). Her MIajesty's vessels at Port Royal.-The Amphion, 86, Captain Chads; Imaum, 72, Commander IMcrrish; HEermes, (3, Commnander Gordon. Intelligence from Demerara is to the 10th ult. The Court of Policy had met for a short time, and introduced several new and important measuresviz., a bil for the suppression of vagrancy, a bill to amend the law relatmg to summary conviction by justices, a bill to provide for certain duties heretofore performed by the Auditor-General, and a bill to sanction the payment of bounty to immigrants for postponing the back passage. The first of these measures, says the Royal Gazette, " Is one that is urgently required in the present circum. stances of the colony. A similar ordinance was passed in 183S, but it was disalLawed, and the substance of it embodied in an order in Council, dated September 7, 1838. That order has continued in force, upon paper, up to the pre. sent time, but from various causesibt hasbeen allowed to remain a dead letter on the statate-book. It was thought at the time by people at home to be unnecessarily severe, and they could not be led to believe that the labour'ng population of this colony required any measure of so strin. gent a nature to compel them to adopt settled and indus. trious habits. Anything approaching to compulsion on the part of the Webt Indian colonists towards the recently emancipated peasantry was looked upon with great dis. favour. In deference to public opinion at home, the law which was found to be necessary in 1838 was not rigidly enforced. The consequence of this has been that a very large proportion of the rumralpopulation, instead of settling doom in one nIece and earmng their living by steady industry, prefer to lead a vagrant life, having no settled place of abode and wandering about from one end ci the country to another, and to l1ive by plundering their more industrious neighbours. These roving vagabonds are a terror to the honest and industrious, whose provisiongrounds are constantly plundered by them. Dnrng the late riots these people formed the mass of the rioters, and by their lawless proceedings thev brought digrace upon the colony. Had this law been in forco thos disgracefulriots woould not have occurred. The people would have been kept in check; and many of the idle and disorderly would have been compelled to adopt some ostensible means of obtaining a subsistence. The measures contemplated by the Governor Will go further than the old lawN, andwill provide for the registration of the people in every district. The certiicate of register Twill be a kindof paort; prson strolling about the country without such certcate lbe liable to arrest as vagrants and susClicious characterg wil thus be kept under the cemplete surveillance of the police." Breakwaters were about to be ereeted at various portions of the coast which were affected by the aetion of the tides. Tho Demerara special comhmissioner to the Paris ofJueibition, Sir William t. Holmes, had received his nomination by the Emperor of the French as "eChevalier de la Legion d'Honneur." There had been a slight decrease in the amount of produce exported to l)emerara during the half-year ending the 30th of June, as compared with the amount of produce shipped in the corresponding six months of 1855. The exports from the colony during -the fortnight amnount to sugar, 1,145 hhds., 127 tierces, 657 barrels, 403 bags; foreign sugar, 20 hhds..; rum, 783 puncheons, 107 hhds., 427 barrels; molasses, 36 puncheons; coffee, 48 sacks ; greenheart timber, 15,998 cubic feet; crabwood 6 logs; Wallaba shingles, 130,000; firewood, 6 corAs; charcoal, 73 tierces, 884 barrels; fish glue, 2 casks. 3 barrels; lavender flowers, 18 bags; flsh, 10 barrels; plantains, 100 bunches. For several weeks there was a great dearth of arrivals; but vessels had come in one after the other in such rapid succession as to occasion surprise. Trade among the merchants was dull; and there was no immediate prospect of improvement. Produce was scarce, and vessels had some diffl: culty in obtaining cargoes. Freights were moderate. The weather at Demeram during the fortnight waa very favourable for the growing crops, and the young canes had made surprisig progress An ex- perienced planter said that he ad never 'witnessed so rapid a growth of the canes as that which has taken place during the fortnight. The prospects of the ensuing crop were very gloomy in the early part of the year, but the copious rains and alternations of sunshine and shower wthich sucoceeded the drought had completely changed their aspect, and hopes wrere now entertained that the result of the crops of 18563 would not be so- far below the average yield as was expected. 'The bark Dora, from Bristol; the Ruckers, from London; and the Matilda, from. Liverpool, had, arived out. The bark'Dorcas and the a ip Devon-' shire, for London, and the flos, for Liverpool, had, sailed from the port of Demerara.. AtBarbadoesthe7 weather during the foitnight had been more favourable, bht the young cane crop was by no means so healthy or forward as could be desired. The .whole of the produce of the present year's crop had not -et been entirely shipped, and to the 10th nit. the total exportswere-sugar, I 38,099 hhds., 2,597 tierces, and 9,3'71 barrels, equal to 41,001 ilids. ; molasseZ, 8,781 puncheons, 246 hhda., 440 barrels; rum, 974 puncheons, 146 hhds.; cotton, 112 bales; aloes, 470 gourds. The business portions of the city were dull, but there had been no falling off in imports. The finances of the country had quite recovered. At the last meeting of the Assembly the Auditor-General took the opportunity, while moving the first reading of a bil for granting a loan to the Wesleyan body, to' make a brief exposition of the financial condition of the country and its prospects fortheyear, bywliciht it appeared that on the 30th of June last the balauce in the Treasury to the credit of the public was 20,0001., and on the most liberal calculation of liabilities, after paying all debts, the public will, by the present available sources of ravenue, be in credit! at the end of the year. Eer Majesty's ship of war' Arrogant, 47, Captain Lyster, arrived at Barbadoeson the 7th, in 16 day3 from Madeira, and remained in Carlisle-bay, attracting large numbers to look at her. Her Majesty's ship-of-war Impdrieuse, 51, Captain Watson, also arrived in the bay in 26 days from England and 14 from Madeira; the Orion, 91, and three g'unboats were expected to follow. His Excellency wovernor Hincks contemplated an early visit to St. Lucia, and would most probably leave for that colony in the next steamer. The health of the country continued all that could be desired. The following vessels were loading for England: -The barks James Holmes, for London; Annie Fisher and Pacific, for Liverpool. the Islander, for London; the Pactolus, for Cork; the brigs Albert and Walter Bane and brigantine Round, for Belfast. At Trinidad the excessive dearness of all Idnds of provisions afforded constant complaint. Beef was sold in the market at a quarter dollar the pound-a price unprecedented for manly yeas. Ylour was from $10 to $12 the barrel, and native-grown vegetables or plantains from the main were scarcely to be procured. The imports during the fortnight had been moderate. An arrival of 1,300 bags of EastIndia rice from Liverpool had taken place, and, as the article could be iniported cheaper from England than direct from India, more arrivals were expected. Lumber was getting into stock, with a tendency to lower prices. Produce was in good demand, but there was little unsold. The weather had continued everything that could be desired-daily showers, with intervals of bright sunshine. The progress of vegetation was very rapid, and the ratoons and plants were coming on very well in most districts. The long continuance of the drought had rendered a great deal of stripping necessry. The amount of produce shipped to date was-sugar, 29,576 hhds., 4,085 tierces, 4,502 barrels; molasses, 9,165 puncheons, 141 tierces;| rum, 2,518 puncheons; cocoa, 3,107,059lb. ; coffee, 4,25G1b. There was very little shipping now in the gulf. The barks John Anderson and William and the schooner Savannah were at Trinidad loading for London, and the John Gray and Elizabetih Campbell for the Clyde. The Royal mail steamer Wye, which by our last ac' ices was reported ashore off Guadaloupe, is again afloat. She was got off from her perilous position by the company's steamer Teviot, and towed by the Parana to St. Thomas's, at which port she will be immediately repaired. There is no damagre in-I flicted beyond the starting of one of the plates in the starboard bilge. The Tesiot was com3pelled to transfer her attentions from the Wye to the Parana in consequence of the crew suffering from yellow fever. There has been a great deal of rain and thunder at St. Thomas's, which had proved somewhat of benefit to the island. The following are the stations of Her Majesty's ships in the West Indies :-Off Cuba-the M1ariner and the Espiegle. At Greytown-the Eerydice. At Barbadoes-the Orion, the Imp4rieuse, the Arrogant, the Tartar, the Cossack, and the Victor. Her Majesty's ship Brisk was to remain at Panama for a few davs.
THE PA CIFIC. SOUTBTAIiEPTON, AUGUST 1. By the Royal mail steamer Magdalena, with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails, we receive our usnal despatches and newspaper files from the Pacific ports. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's mail steamer Bolivia arrived at Panama on the 7th nlt., with 27 passen gers andl $195,839 in treasure. The dates are Valparaiso, June 15th; Callao, 26th. The Chili Congress opened on thei st of June; the Pr-,dentpresented his annual message, andthe sessions for 1856 were constitutionally opened. The message presents no new ideas of administration, but speakls strongly in favour of the spirit of improvement which has developed itself throughout the country. It was considered tha-t Monat would be re-elected. The Congress was occupied with the following project That of a law exempting from duties of importation all wharfs, bridges, and railways, also wire, of numbers from 1 to 6; that which authorizes the residence of the permanent army on the spot where Congress holds its sessions ; the budget and permanent forces for 1857; the grant of $14,000 for building a court of appeal in Santiago; that law referring to verbal iudgment, and that which regulates the prison system. The trial of Cantain Cabiesso for the loss of the steamer Cazador terminated in his acquittal. Government had been placing bils on England at 46 and 6 days' term on the funds it possessed there, in virtue of the arrangement made with Peru for the liquidation of the debt due to the Reptublic. On this account a want of gold was already felt, as a considerable quantity had been withdrawn from circulation and deposited in the national treasury. Grain stiU commuanded high prices, parEcularly in the South. Wheat was seliug in Conception at $6 50c. per fanega, and flour $o f0c. to $6 per quintaL No alteration had occurred in mining; this year was more prosperous than the former. It is contemplated to open the railroad as far as Limache on the 18th of September, and the telegraph between Talea and Santiago at the same time, maldng a distance of 301 miles from Valparaiso. The Coaercio speaks very unfavourably of the new tariff established by the Placific Steam Navigation Company, as remarkably prejudicial against the comm-erce of the SouLth. That paper states that the mercluants of Valparaiso are about presenting a petition to the British Admiralty, direct. ing its attention to the subject, and requesting a more convenient arrangement. In our Peruvian exchanges we find little to extraet respecting either that country or Bolivia. Echenique's party still entertained hopes of getting him back, though the prospect was by no means favourable. F The National Convention was still in session discussing the new constitution at Chorrillos. - fellow fever had diminiiled, but the scarcity of food, frequent robberies, and insecurity of life rendered it extremely hazardous to live in Lim?. The contract for loading guano had not yet passed, Elias having a prior engagement with the Government which wasnot so favourable as the newproposals. "Business in the south of Peru v-as very dull on accourt of the revolutionary symptoms there, and also because no confidence was felt in the politieal state of Bolivia, -where GenerL. Cordova was daily losing ground. The Bolivian army was very much disaffected towards the Administration, and had already got up a censpiracy agaDst5 Cordova. Bolivia's treasury had reached a bad crisis, a serious defalcation haying been discovered in the deposits of Peravian bark. Abot 2,500 qqTs. -were sort in maldng the deliveries to the new directors. General Belzm and Simon de Oteira, manager of Claye, Quevedo, and CO., are accused of the theft, and the latter house has declared itself bankrupt. Belzu's share is said to be $700,000. Doring the first three months of the year there wa extracted from the mines of Coro Coro 17,525 cwt. of copper anil 1,876 marks of silver. AVEALuY BWGAR.-While one of the rural pOlice, On a beat in the upper part of the county of Aberdeen, vas going his round a few days ago he-cenie upon a, travelling -ua about 60 years of age, who, he found, had been giving himself out as John Graham, a crofter on the Hill of aintore. He wasgoing about from house to house with a tale of distress, to the effect that he had lost his only cow a short time ago, and was endeavcuwmg to raise a little money wherewrith to purchase anlother. With this gory he han succeeded in imposingox several perons~. When tiken before a magistrate he gave another name. Om being searched, there vias found in his breast pockai a banki deposit receipt for 42te., 19l. ia b3nk-notes,~ a batween 3l. man 4!. in silver..
o-- SPORBTIGT .7 IqBN. i I . : - - : I I OODWGO.D RA.CES.-'FZTA-Y_ * An interesting diy's spbrt brought the meeting to a ter. mination, and the only incident of a painful nature con. nected with hie weel;'di proceedings was the distressing occurrence in the race for th3 Goodwobd Stalkes on Wednesday. The- `'offitsals," one and all, deserve rraise for the promptitude with which they carried out the business arrangements. A detachment of the A division of police, andei the direition of Superintendent Walker, Idspectors Banks and Richardson, and Se-geants Jarkson, Hubberstry, and hIonagihan, assisted by SuPerintendent C. Smith, of tho comuty oinstabulary, did active service on the counrse, anad dischargead their duties with temper and discretion. Sergeant Witcher of he defective iorce was also in attendance. The railway arrangements vwore admirable, and, by runni¢n extra trains, every facility wvas afforded thoe3 persons who sojonrned at towns along the coast for reaching Drayton and Chichester, the nearest landing points for Goodwood. For the accommudatlon thus rendered the visitors are indebted to Mr. E. Slight, the secretary, and Mr. Hawlins, the manager of the traffic department; of the london, Brighton, and South Coaat Railway Company. On winding up an 3ccount of an important meeting, it is enstomary to ;mention the mannir in Which the persons engaged in the real basiness of the meeting got through their labours. Nlever, perhaps, was commendation more dese:rvea than on the present occasion. Tho Newmrket staff of officials was employed, and regu. Larity and efficiency in each department rere therefore insured. The subjoined return of the races requires no comment. The NAESAU STA-cs, of 50 soys. each- subscription;, for 3-yr-old fillies, Sst. 7Tb.; certain winners eztra. The second to receive 103 solS. oult of the stakes. One mile. IS subs. - 3Lr H. Hill's Mincepie, by Sweetmeat, 9st. 21b. (in. eluding 91b. extra), (A. Day) ... ... ... 1 Captain White's Tyne, Sst;. 71b. (Fiatman) ... 2 Mr. T. Walker's Mary Copp, 8st. 71b. (Aldcroft) .. 3 Mr. Bowes's Victoria, Sst. 71b. (Wells) ... ... ..4 Mr. Grat;icke's Sister to Hesse-Cassel, 8st. 7lb. Lo(rd John Scott's Katherine Logie, Set. 71b. (Basham)... 6 Mr. Greme's Blue Mantle, 8st. 71b. (Sly) . ... ...7 Betting.-5 to 2 each agst. Mincepie and Victoria, 5 to 1 each agst Katherine Logie and Tyne. Victoria jumped off in front, but after going azbout 20 yards Mincepie took the lead, made the rest of the running, and won easily by three-quarters ofa length; two lengths between the second and third; Victoria was beaten a head from Mary Copp; bad fifth. Blne Mantle was beaten of. The NUnSERY STAEx;.-A Eandicap SwveepstaLes of 15 sovs. each, 5ft., wth 100 added, for 2-yr-olds. Certain vinners extra. Last mile. 50 subs. Mr. Howard's Martinet, by the Cure, 7st. -jb. (J. Goater) *. 1~~~D-gher MEr. Payne's filly, by Orlando-Farmer's Daughter, 6st. 10ib. (Plumb) ... .. .... .. .2 Lord Zetland's Skirmisher, 7st. 61b.(J. Osborne) 3. Lord Anglesey's Somerset, 6st. lOib. (Hibberd). 4 The following also ran:- Lord Wilton's colt, by Orlando-Ma Mi7 7st. 131b. (Flatman) Mr. E. Day's Bannockburr, 7st. lOlb. (Quinton). MIr. J. S. Douglas's Tinwald, 7st. 101b. (Fordham). Mr. Drinkald's Black Tommy, 7st. 41b. (Covey). Mr. E. B. Clarke's Yorkshireman, 7st. 21b. (Bothers). Mr. Wentworth's Beatrice, 7st. 21b. (Cresswell). Mr. F. Fisher's England's Beauty, 7st. (D. aughes). Mtr. 3. Clarke's colt by Epirus, - Elcot's dam, 7st. (J. Stgles) Captain Christie's Amati, dat. 131b. (T. Cliff). MAr. W. P. Beresford's Snnbeam, Get. i31b. (Bray). Mr. R. Sherwood's Fright, Ost. 101b. (Crouch). Betting.-5 to 2 agst Beawrice, 9 to 2 agst Skirmisher, 7 tD 2 agst Bannockburn. 10 to 1 agst Farmer's Daughter filly, 12 to 1 each agst Somerset, Tinwald, England's Beauty, and Black Tommy, 15 to 1 agst Ma Mie colt. In the dip Farmer's Daughter filly, Martinet, and Skir. misher singled themselves out; opposite the stand Martinet obtained the lead, and at last won very cleverly by three. quarters of a length; half a length between the second and third. Somerset was next, about three lengths behind Skirmisher. Bannockburn was fifth. Black Tommy, Beatrice, Yorkshirenman, and Tinwald were next, pretty well up with Somerset. Elcot's dam filly, did notpass the post. Eugland's Beauty jumped round at starting, and was left behind. SWEEPSTARES of 100 sovs. each, h. ft., for 4-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b.; fillies, Sst. 21b. Cup Course. Five subs. Mr. Howarrd's Saraband, by Cotherstone, Sst. jib. (Wells) Walked over. The CaisTsRErELD CutP, value 30D soas., by subscription of 15 sovs. each; the surplus in specie. Craven Course. 4S subs. Lord Anglesey's Termagant, by Sweatmeat, 3 vrs, 5st. 7Ib. (Fordham) ... ... ...1 Mr. Howard's Saraband, 4 yrs, S3t. 7Ilb. (J. Goater) ... 2 Lord Clifden's gelding, by Sturplice-Clementina, 4yrs, 7st. lOib. (Flatman) ... ... ... ... ... The following also rau:- Mfr. W. H. Brook's Manganese, S yrs, Sst. (J. Osborne). Mr. Edwards's Vengeance, 4'yrs, 7st. 121b. (Wells). Mr. Moris's Gamekeeper, 5 yrs, 7st. 121b. (Basham). Mr. Bowes's Greculus Esuriens, 4 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Alderoft). Mr. Iawrence's Bigbt Phcebus, 5yrs, 7st. 41b. (J. Steggles). Mr. Brown'sFlyaway, 3 yrs, 6st. lUb. (T. Cliff). LordWilton's Dramatist, a'yrs, 6*t. 0i1b. (Hughes). Captain Clinton's Rialto, 4 vrs, 6at. 91b. (Prior). Mr. Gratwicke's Newington, 3 yre, 6st. 91b. (Humpage). Captain Little's Olympus, Syre, est. 41b. (Bray). Lord Ailesbn r's Intimidstion, 3yrs; Gst. 41b. (Bundy). Llr. Payne's Beoer, 5 yrs, Gst. 41b, (Plumnb). Mr. H. Lane's Joshua, 4 yrs, st. 41b. (Bullock). MIr. Drinkald's Metetn, 3 yrs, 6et. 21b. (Creesw^eL). Betting.-5 to 1 agst Clementina gelding, 7 to 1 each agst Vengeance and Olympu$, S to 1 agst Gamekeepsr, 10 to 1 each agst Gr eculus Es,miens, Termagant, and Flyawav, 100 to S agst Joshua, 100 toT7 agst Baeer Bright Phcebuls led to the dip, where he gave way to the Clementina gelding. At the distance Termagant came out vith Sarabatd in hot pursuit. A fine race in was won by a neck; a length and a-half between the second and third Boer was a bad fourtl ; Grzeculus Esuriens was fifth; Vengeance, Manganese, lMerwington, and Intimidation were the next lot. The QUEEN's PLAT-E of 100 guineas; for 3-yr-olds. 7st. 41b 4-yr-olds, 9st. 21b.; 5-yr-oids, 9st. 121b.; G-Yr-olds and aged, 10st. 21b. About three miles end five furlons. Mr. Barber's Pretty Boy, by Idle Boy, 3yrs(Qaintonl ... 1 Yr. T. Parr's Goldhill, 3 yrs (Alderoft) ... ... . 2 Mr. Brown's Speed-the-Ploungh, 6 yrs (Wels). Betting.-4 to I on Pzetty Boy. They walked until reaching the Stand, when Speed-thePlough broke into a trot and showed in front until reaching the "Clump," where Pretty Boy, slightly improving the pace, took the lead, Goldhill lying off. At the distance GoldhiLl changelled, but failed to head the favourite, who won by half a length. Speed-the-Plough was pulled up and did uot pass the post. The DuKE OF RccomrO's PLA.TE (Handicap) of 100 sovs. New Mlile. Mr. Ellis's The Poacher, by Alarm, 6 yrs., 7st. (G. Forster) ... ... ... ... ... ... ...1 lr. AiL Denmetts colt, by RedHart-Evasion, 3yrs, Ost. 7Ib. (Bray) ; *; .. . 2 Lord Clifden's Alembic, 5 yrs, 7st. 101b. (F-latmatn) ... 3 The following also ran .- rr. T. Walker's Dame Judith, 4 yra, 7st. 131b, (Alderoft). M:- Walter's Octavia, aged, 7st. Gib. 'Crouch). Lord Wilton's Shoreham, 4yrs, 7st. 31b. (Cressweil). Mr. Edwards's Falcon, 5 yrs, Ost. 121b. (Quinton). Mr. Morris's Corin, 5 yrs, 6st. llTb. (D. Hughes). Mr. Hancock's Lady Florence, 3 yrs, 6st. 91b. (Prior). MEr. Dawson's Adam, 4 yrs, Gst. Glb. (Plumb). Mr. Saon's U'omi Thumb, 3 yrs, Ost. 51b. (Tuck). Mr. Saxon's Ida, 4 yrs, 6st. 41b. (Fordham. Captain Christie's Kestrel, 3 yrs, 6st. (Walters). Mr. Brown's Coal Black Blose, 3 yrs, Gst. (Bullock). Mr. Drewitt's Borderer, 2 yrs, 5st. 71b. (T. Fordham). Betting.-5 to 1 agst Ida, 6 to 1 azst Alembic, 7 tl 1 agst Corin, S to 1 agst Lady Florence, 10 to 1 agst Shore. ham, 100 to S each agst Falcon and KestreL Won very cleverly by a neck; half a length between the second and third; Falcou wasfourth, with the Borderer, Tom Thumb, Corin, and Coal Black Rose wel up-withlhim. The MA3RCH ST.KS (handicap) ofE10 svs. each, 5ft., with 5O added. Gentlemen riders. Jockeys, 71b. extra. Three-quarters of a mile. 7 subs. Mr. Banks' Lord Albemarle, by the Emperor, 6 yrs, 1Qst. Sib. (Mr. Blake) .1. ... ... ... (inCa tamn Chr3stie's Boving Betsy, 4 yrs, lOst. 21b. (in. uluding .b. extrar) (WF. White) .2.. ... .. 2 MIr. Morris's Corin, 5 grs, l0st. S1b. (Captain .ittle)- S 3 Sir J. awle's Redan, S yrs,-9st. 21b. (including Tlb extra) (A. bav) ~.--..-I . '.. 4 *wera) (s. Vav) ... ... ... ... .. ..4 Betting.-5 to 4 - on Lord Albemarle, who made all tlie running, andwon oby eight leDgths. - - Tin IieJURED JocKEHs. The following statement was issued from the Chiahester Infirmayyesterday (Friday):-, " Copy of the medical report of the injned jock-eys, from S a. n., July 31, to 8 a. m., August 1:- "'B tholomew became gradully more conscious from the above drte, and the symptoms this morning are on the whole favourable. "E ea&rnden,simproaingCAe. e - - "C 'Ifunday, progressing favouirably. "'IAshmall, doing wel, " 'Salter has returned to his home. "'ROBERT EL oT, Senior Surgeon."' Ashmall, -who had his collarbone broken, was suffcie ntly *covered to visit the race-courseyesterday in a carriage. DOGGETT'S COAT M BAD)GE. -; This very old estabished. boatrace, upon which thepopular music,al f,are of the Wwacrinan is founded, waa rowedyesterday in thebrolit, heit of therun over ti stipulted course from thec Sivs at London!-bridge to the Swan ak Chelsea. It is ue^11ael attded wage but there were thousar.ds of perons Yesterday on the brides, banks of the river, on craft, Lad in boat& -more than we ever saw before, and _more - than usual interest -i-' dently prevailed. There were two pet men in tb4 race, of whom a great, deal was er:ected, as they had ex:bibed, even while in their teens, great proficiency in the urt of rowing; these were Thomas Coombes, the soa of the celebrited oCbert Coombes, echaanpion of the Thames, and Wjlliam Mansey, of sisleworlh, but the fortunez of the day was against them, and those who h.d talen the fitld in p reference to the fivouritea were wirL;ers, the foi lowing being their order of arrival.- GeorpW(illiamEversonGreenwic ;.) Cbarles John Rose (}Isr,rldownl .". 2 James Tbom3a rockaeab, jun. (Pickle Rerring) .. 3-- FrederickJamesIosrey (Deptford) .4 - WII&m Mausey (ileworth) .5 Thomas Coombes btlilbmaic) .0 The first prize, as is well known, is the coat and badg, presented by Mr. Thomas Doggett, comedian, "ia comna, metnoration of the kappy accessior of the -family of the' present dynasty to the throne of Great Bzitain," as the wager bilhinformusthe reader; :udto thes -re added a guinea for the winber, presented by the Fishmoners' Companv; the second man dve.eight hsof the interest of 2Vol. 17s. 3d., bet-e' queathed bv Sir Williaxm Jolliffo; and the remaining three- ' eighths for the tbird man, respectively amounting to 41. ITs. 9d. and 2l. 18s. 9d. The fourth man receives a guinea and a-half, and the fifth and sixtlh man a guinea each, provided they row the entire distance. These lkst re added by the FisehiongeresCompany, whose bargemaster,. -MDr. anvds, is the starter and umpire. Under his able di. rection the mnn formned right across the Thames at the' very moment of high water yesterday afternoon, and al1effected a most capital start; bht they had not taken many pulls when Hovey capsized, but won go' to -work again, although it is almo3t unnecessary to say that ib was with very little chance of saccess after such a misfortune. Ir the very beginning of the race EverDsn strutck boldly out from the northward with a lead which he never surrendered, and exhibited a most decided saperiority over all the rest,: who f:untinuel very prettily togetner to 'Soathwark-brid4e, where Rose comanenced fairly establishing himself in the seconi placs. by leaving the other four to dispute the third position; and it may be as well here to say that any attempt on the part of R33e to overhaul the winner only ended in the lEtter going further away, and he ultimately won by half a mnile. Goombes and Mansey both -rowecapital races, but were unfortunately fouled, and much im-n ,eded; and so close and exciting was the contcstfor third. place that the four men were all at Westminster. bridge togesher, after whicli they took the posi'ions in which they ultimately arrived, with great gaps, however, between at the finish. 3r. Davids waited half an hour for Coombes, who did not come, and it was tierefore conjectured that he had been delayed by some irisadventure. It was, stated by those who last observed him among the numerous steamers and other boats afloat tnat he had been fouled, and had lost a scuLl, which wouda fully account for his nonappearance at Chelsea.
IZgSOLVENCY OF MR. CHARLES MATTHEW. Mr. Charles James Matthew the comedian, came before Mr. John ddison, the Conauty Court judge, at the Insolvent Court, Lancaster, yesterday. Mr. Mattbews was arrested on the 4th of July last at Pzeton (at the suit of a creditor resident in Manchester) iwhen going to the theatre there to fufil an engagement into which he had entered. The ariest took place under rather peculiar circumstances. Ifr. Mattbews was announced to appear in one of his most popular characters-Sir Charleg Coidstreann, andthohonseasunnsuallycrowded withaselect anufasheonableaudieace. The hour for the commencement of the performance having passed the audience became impatient, and at length the manager (Mrz. Egen) came forward, and stated that circumstances bad taken place wvhicE prevented Mr. Matthews's appearance, andthatinconsequence another performance would he substituted, and that any lady or gentlemen who chose could have their money returned. The announcement, as might have been enpected, caused much chagrin and disappointmeuc. There was instantly a great rush £rom the theatre, and in a few minutes "a beggarly account of empty boxes; was reaiized. . Mfatthiewvs, onaappearing in coirt, lookad very haggard and much carewrorn. The following was hr. Matthews's description, as it appeared on the face of his schedule:-" Charles James Matthews, formerly of Gore-lodge, Old Brompton, in the county of Middlesex, comedian, and lessee of the Lyceum Theatre, in the Strand, in the same county. Then of Gore-lodge, Fulham. in the county aforesaid, comedian, and a part. of the time lessee of the Lyceum Theatre aforesaid, and other part of the time comedian only; and late of the Wellington Hotel, Rochdsle, in the county of Lancaster, comedian, antd during the whole time occasionally fulfilling engagements in various counties in England, and also in Scotland." Mr. Sowler and Mr. M'Oabrey appsared in support of the insolvent; and Mr. Hardy, solicitor, appeared on behalf of Mr. Alicroft, of London. According to the statement in his balance-sheet, the liabilities of the insolvent amountedto9,7811., and hisassets to 7zi, commencing in June, l8 L and ending in the spring of the present year. Itv.asalleged, onthe part of theinsolvent, thathis insolvency had arisen almost wholly from bis buing misled by friends as to a sum of money to be presented to him by way of capital to enable him to resume the lesseeship of the Lyceum Theatre. The facts are best set forth in the entry in the balance-sheet, dated June. 1834, and are as follow - " At this time a number of aiy friend; indueaed me, by the representation that they wDularesent me with la sum of 3,000!. as capital to commencow.it, providedlobtained a first-class certificate under my baikruptcy, which was after. wards awatdea to iue, agala to taIre the Lyceum Theatre, and which I accordinglyagreed to do; but the proprietor declining to wait the resutlt of the promised subscriptioh, ancd refusing to grant a lease of the theatre without I naid a deposit of about 1,200!. down, or gave security for the same, Mr. Allcroft volunteered to become that sectrity to the amount of 7001., or thereabouts, towards the required deposit, I finding a sum of 500!. to complete it. In November following I paid to Mr. Arnold, the proprietor of the Lyceum Theatre, as such deposit, a sum of 1,2001., consiting of the 7001. guarantead by MIr. Aflcroft, and the remaining 500. by,myself, this latter sanm hanng been advancea me on engagements that I entered into in the pro. vinces." Then, under date of lNovember in the same year, he says-"In consequence of the non-presentation of the sum of >,0001., and baving entered into engagements which I could not rescind, as well as having paid the said sum of 1,2001., I foundi myself with the theatre, and a company of performers, without the means of carrving it on, without capital, yet unable to withdraw Irom the engagements or recover the deposit paid. It was therefore necessary to obtain a further sum to enable me to open the theatre. Through the assistance of Mr. Allcroft, the Commercial Bank-, Lothbury, were inducad to advance me a snnm of 500!. I aso received loans from various parties, and, from bllUs b3ing discounted, 3,5001. I also received in receipts from the theatre, 5,833!. 19s. lO." The balancesheet ha; also the following entries -" From lNovember to Mfarch, 154 5, I paid for rent of theatre, salaries, and incidental expen;es, 7,938!. lSs, 4d. I also repaid to IMIr. AUcroft for advances made me (it being agreed that he should receive the whole of the proeedsl from the gallery, and sixpence out of every papient for entrance into the pit) 1,2211. 3 5d." In March, 185, there is the following entry :-" About this time, finding that I was only running myself more deeply in debt daily, I resolved to closs the theatre, considering it perfectly useless to carry it on'any further." The insolvent's immense professional earnings are shown by the foUlowing entry:" Between these dates (March, 1855, to July, 1856,) I received from my profession as comedian about; 10,33S." It was also stated, on behalf of the insolvent, that, in order to enable him to obtain other moneys, he was induced to renew debts which otherwise were canceled by his banlruptcy, viz. :-Mr. Woolf, 501., Mr. ALcroft, about 4,0001 ; Mr. Robertsa 80!.,; M1r. Pratt, 1001.; and M1r. Wyatt, 5001. The insolvent, in hiss schedule, also attributed his diffeilties to a considerable extent, to lss wifa's Illness, stating that the medical expenses alone amounted to 4001. in two yearI, and tho loss ofher services during that period to at least 5,000!. Mr. HARDY.-The ouly observatior I wish to make is that your Honour shoald order that a portion of the large salary, not at present, certainly, but which shortly the insolvent will be in possession of, should be applled ir lionuidation of his liabilities. The JUDGE.-That is beyond my power, and it would also be inconsistent with the insolvent laws to do so, as those laws do not geve t.he power to tax a man's future eaertions. If those exerhtions produce sufficient to pay his creditors, then let the creditors appeal to the Insolvent Court in the matter. Mr. HARDY.-Weli; bat your Honour might recommend it. Mr. SownyaR said, that the insolvent's difficulties had arisen from the renewal of previous debts, and he, would. not recommend him to enter into any arrangement with the opposing creditor. He had already renewed debts nearly to the amount of 5.0001. since his late bamlruptcy. His HoyxorR, after carefully going through the schedule, addre-sing the insolvent, said,-Yorr debts are consIderably more than is usual with persons coming before this Court. One of them is for 5,000!., but a considerable nummber of them are old debts, which you have renewed. Yon allege that your insolvency is o r to an unortunate contract into which vou entered in rtalg the Lyceum Theatre, which did not answer. In looding tbrongh your schedule, I see no reason to believe that that is not the case. I cannot place my finger on anythins i your schedule to call for a remand fromthis Court, n as you-are not opposed by amyereditorl do not see whv Ishould lr-iclirgo. ThereareWo eUar interfere to prevent your ei,.hg. Tee r some peen-liar circnumstancesin your case. - You iave been abankrupt. andI receiveda first-clasrcertificate,-.nayoubavea asot icepasssd through the Insolvent Court. Inathe case of an Ordinarytrader I-should think thasd these circumstances would require acautios inrestigation on mY -art beforegranting an imedite ischrge ht.-eson an your profession is obliged.to incur considerxble riU, and vours obligationsare contracted. with that understanding, an d the - .,nowled on the part of those that deal with you tha yoe profe9sio is an uncert5in one, and your creditors seem to think so by | eir non-appedranoe here to-diy. You may, therefore, be discharged. -
VOREIGN RITLLLIGBTOE. _ PRANCl. (rnon out owN coRREuoYxmm.) [Tha folowing appe-aod in our second edition of yew Xterdv :-1 - VA '3'HU1 SDAY, Si Pa.L Statements antl opinions from various quarters -nov come thick in confi2mation of the view I took a fewv days ago of the position of Darshal O'Donnell, of the difficulties he has to overcome, and the critical Fosition in which he stands. It seenms at fiast to have been generally imagined that, having ousted the Progresista chief, and shot down and disarmed those who liad risen in his defence and in that of the oider of things iltroduced by the revolution of 1854, he had nothing to do but to put himself at the bead of the bloderados, and that such was the eourse he would naturally and imrediately adopt. But the Moderados, with whom must be included,: as far as present action goes, the Polacos and othersbadca of seactionaries, by no means subscribe to this arrangement, which, in truth, O'Dormell himself can scarcely have contemuplated or deemed practicable. The Mloderados are quite wifling to reap the fruits of Espartero's downfall and of the disarming of the Niational Guard; but they have leaders of their own whom they will cerainly not set aside in favour of heir quondamn frieud O'Donnell. They love the treason, but despise, or at least distrust, the thaitor. Were it otherwise, few would feel snrprise to see hin hoist their colours and assume their guidance. The general opinion of those who know him best is that he is at heart an Absoluti-t, although circumstances compelled him, two yeais ago, to display the banner of Liberalism. His faamily traditions, his ownv person.1 chbaracter, haughty and imperious, and many passamges of hispoliticalcareer, conrbine4to give strength to this opinion. After Ferdinand's death,_ it h-ung upon a hair which side he would espouse; and all his brothers were found ucon that of Don Carlos, although the youngest, 3inriqnte, having been included in the convention of Bergara, rwas admitted to the Queen's service, -where, like tirhistondo and one or two others of -the parties to that celebrated defection, he has at- tained high rank. Like most military men in Spain,1 O'Donnell has a profound contempt for, and dislike .of, the NationAl Guard; and it must have been gall and wormwood to him, when first in Espar5ero's M inistry, to endure the huggings and handehakin g of the greasy-uniformed citizens, who included him in their blind adoration of his colleague, and whoa, he has now paid off at the barricades for the smiles and cordiality he w-as then compelled to lavish upon them. I repeat that, were he free to choose, I believe he would prefer to retain p;aver by the support of the Mcderados, and that a very limtited amount of constitutional liberty-perhaps the Constitution of 1845, with somne anti-liberal modifications-would perfectly -atisfy hinm But it is certain he has not the choice. The Progresistas are the only party he can look to for support, and, should he fail to propitiate them (and at best he will be accepted by them only ,as apis-aller), he will find himself isolated, with a small knot of partisans, the majority of w,hom stand by him only so long as it is to their advantage, while one or two of them aro jealous of himn, and not unlikely to become his rivals instead of his supporters. Already we hear rumours of disunion Iht1een him and Concha; the latter a perfectly unscrupulous and faithless man, whose plighted word or bond of friendship has never yet for an instant impeded him in the prosecution of his ambitious -views. The character of Serra-no, and the nluential position he has assumed at Court, render him, too, a friend more to be feared than many open foes. WYith these difficulties and daingers, to wshich assuredly he is not blind, before himn, O'Donnell still seemas to hesitate to take such open and deeided steps as might restore him to the favour of the Progresistas. He delays his programme, we are told, until the country shall be tranquillized, and a military dictatorship no longer neceEsary, and contents himself, in the meanwhile, with vague assurances of liberal policy, of adherence to the promises of Manzanares, and with pointing -out to the Liberals that their only choice lies between him as a leader and their own fall from power, to be followed or brought about by the returm of the Polaco3. But we have the assurance .of his own Government that Spain is now per-fectly tranquil and submssive, with the exception of Sargossa which, we are also assured, will prezently-yieldwvithout firing a shot. This, however appears to me to be unimportant, as far as the publication of O'Donnell's programme goes. The resistance offered by the three principal Spanish cities, the general movement in the provinces, unmistakeable even where quickly suDpTessed as an indication of the political feeling of the country, show that tbere was a strong and pretty general sympathy with the principlee of the late Governmnent. lt wvould tend, therefore, probably to pacify, but certainly not to irritate, the nation at large, if O'Donnell were openly and boldly to step forward and proclam himself determined to upLold the same principles. Andthere is one resolution he might take and declare wvhich would go further than anything else to win him the confidence of the Progresiatas, and which would indeed be the very touchstone of his sincerity. We are assured that it is his intention-I ssy his, because O'Donnell must now be considered as the Govermment of Spain, since we cannot attach weight to the uinpopular, uninfluential persns,whiom he has grouped into a Cabinet-o dissolve the Constituent Cortes, to set aside the Constitution they have framed, and to proclaim, of hIs own authority, and with certain modifications of his own, one of the Constitutions previously elaborated, and by which Spain has been ruled. There can be no question as to the entirely arbitrary nature of such a course as this, which would, undoubtedly, discontent the Progresistas, and which even the Monite7r could hardly -deny to constitute a coup dX&7a of the very first calib-re. Bnt another course is open to O'Donnell, and it is, perhaps, that best calculated to obtain him the object ho aims at-namely, permanence in, power as the chief of the Liberal party. Let hi- at once declare that the Constituent Cortes now existing, and whose sittinon were suspended until the month of October, shall meet again at the time appointed, or sooner, to complete their task. This will be quickly ended. The electoral law and a few matters of less importance are all that remain to be voted, and then the Chamber would dissolve itself, preparatory to the election of oTdinary Cortes. It is easy to understand that it would not be very agreeable to O'Donnell again to meet the Constituent Cortes, and also that there would be some peril in so doing. One can imagine the violent scenes that miight occur, the bitter taunts that might be hurled at the ILlinisterial bench by the deputies of the Left, and one can picture the fiery O'Donnell, stung beyond endurance, bounding from his seat and darting from the Chairber to write his own resignation or make another couvp d7ftjt. Ile would appear before the Cortes in some respects as before -tribtInal; explanation of his conduct would of course be expected, and be difficult to give. But, on the other hand, if the Cortes were wise, and if the Progresi8tas had resolved to 1 give him another trial, they would not be too hard upon him or spur him to extremities. His defence would probably be that he had never contemplated more than a change of men, not of measures, and that he bad ever held himself bound by the Manzanarem manifesto; that he considered the pro^lamation of martial law indispensable to the safety of the country at the time when it was made; that he had done no more than defend himself when attacked; that it was not by his order or with his approval that the deputation from the Chamber was fired ulpon; eand that, if the A mbly waspeltedwitn shell and grape, those missiles wrere not intended for it, but for the insuaents w _ho had taken position around it. In snort, ne hmght m ake out a case, not a good one, bnt such as the Chamber might allow to pass muster i-. a reconciliation had been resolved upon, and if, as is probable, it had been effected beforehand with an important section of the Progresista prty. And, in the interval, he v,wodd pro-. bably have adopted other means to conciliate them; nodifying his Mistry i. a more liberal sense, and nhowing, in government, a respect to liberty a.nd a disWation to revert to the spirit of the Consstitrati6n. .n -theposition he has miade himself I oee, but-a,choice of disagreeables and perils. If he d:isaclves the constitrent Cortes, and proceedsto new blstkn5, whhzthama3 prescribed by the Constitution "Di l;m-or t ) ,tofoV $145, or in any other way %wtev*r xhor- of Ministerial nomination, does 'be slqposza --tf a to - Will find a maisrity, og erejn- p jx- wothy of the name, tosupot im in the- new Chamber? He can 3bardlyimag -tbin Thenew Cortes maybe Moderado or it m:iy ea Peogreaista, but it certainly Yil1 ,ro, tbe O'Donnellite. And is he sure even of being alow-ed to remainjn bhi. presentpost iong enough to E witness the completion of the elections which he h-nself shall have arbitrarily decreed? The Constituent CoXtes once dispersed by the act of his Government, and his hold upon the Progresist | thereby irretrievably lost, he is a fallen man,- unlest the Court supports hin. But it is unilikely that the Court wiJl support him. The Queen loves hira not. She may, and most probably vwill, thank himw for his services, and dispense him from their Cont;nuance. About that time we shall doubtless hear of Marshal Narvaez renewing his journey to the frontier; the Bravo Murillos and the Sartofiuses and Egaiias, and 'the rest of'the herd of political impures, will. all be on the qusi rize, and there will be glee and rejoicing at Malmaison. O'Donnell will be at a discount. He Will' have done ILs work, no- more will be needed of himr, and he will find the -asual fate of people Who have no friends.' He will be discarded, ashis country'- proverb says, like a squeezed orange; and he will have almost as little chance of being eiver again sought after, because he will have contrived to excite the animosity and distrust of all political parties. His position now is environed by difliculties, but there still remains a path by which3he may extricate himself, for the Liberal party is strong in Spaini; the nation has begun to ulnderstad and' appreciate the advantages of morality 1i its(Governmnt, and has no wish to see the. reign of robbery and corruption recomence. We know, from-'th Mfos:tes-i, with w;hat pleaS,ure Xr. nce wvill witreass the ecnsolid-ation of constitutional governneht; and I am quite sure that, although England is resolved against interference in the afairs of a country which has never recoonized' her services, or repaid them otherwise than -by ingratitude, she will nevertheless most gladly witness the preservation of those liberties for which Spain has so long struggled, and with which it Was once h.oped that the revolution ofl&5i4vwould prove to have permanently endowed her. If hfarshaI Concha had conunauded in chief at the capture of Sebastcpol one might perhaps have understood the necessity of addressing to the Alinister of War, in order to explain all its -circunistauces, a report of the length of that in which he gi-res the details of his share in the coniflict at Madrid. There is a little secret in the construction of these reports, which are quite a matter of course in Spain.' In thenm the successful General vaunts the valour and deportment of a host of officers, to -whom he thus gives wshat is then considered a riq7tt to promotion, and so enlists them as his adherents. In Spain every General of a certain standing and importance bas political views, and neglects no opportunity of forning a party himself. From St. Sebastian, under date of the 29th, we leam that the disarming of the National Guard of that'place'has just been completed withoLit disturbance. There was not even an idea of resistance; but, nevertheless, precauitions had been taken. The gates leading to the public walk on the citadel hill had been closed, and two companies of Gendarmes had been marched into the town. Since the National Guard of St. Sebastian, where there has not been any attempt at a pronunciamiento, has been disarmed, it is evident that the measure is universal throughout Spain, and not confined to places which have showvn themselves opposed to the present Govermnent. It is, doubtless, considered a necessary consequence of the proclamation of martial law. The Mimoriai des ?yrfes publishes the following communication on the subject of the formation of the army of observation near the Pyrenees:- " The division of General Grobon, which has fonned part of the army of Paris, is about to proceed to Pau, where its head-quarters will be established. The chief of the staff et that division has received orders to proceed to Bayonne to make the necessary arrangements. These troops will be quartered in the communes round Pan and Oleron, and the mayors are immediately to take the necessary steps for furnishing them with accommodation. As soon as the Prefect hall be infornmed of the day of the arrival of the troops, and of the manner in which they are to be distributed, he will give notice to the mayors." The division alluded to has already commenced its movement from Paris. The Savoy Gaezefe publishes the following details of a militaryfete which was given on Sunday last, in honour of Marshal Canrobert, at Aix-les-Bains:- ' The Thermal establishment and the Casino were gaily decorated with the national colours, and a gigantic triumphal arch was erected, bearing the words 'A I'Arnsze d'&Oricnt.' A E o'clock all the French officers who had been invited to the f4te, among whom were many who had come for the purpose from Lyons, Grenoble, &c., assentbled at the residence of the Marshal. About 7 o'clock the Casino began to illuminate, and at S Marshal Canrobert, accompanied by the French officers, and a number of officers belonging to the Piedmontese army, proceeded thither, his entrance being announced by the band striking up the French national air. The Mr. shal made the toar of the salons, addressing himself in the most affable manner to the Piedmontese officers, particularly to those who had been in the Crimea. A bowl of punch was offe.ed in the Casino by the municipality tothe Marshal and the offirers. The fornier tooktheopportunity of proposing a toast to the health of King Victor Emmanuel-' to that I chivalrous Prince who never hesitated at any satrifice ira- posed on him by honour and patriotism, and who has. thus acquired so high a rank in the esteem of the allied nations.' This toast was drank with great enthusiasm. Dancing commenced shortly after, and the Marshal did not quit the ballroo:n, where the toilettes of the ladies were of the richest and most briliant description, until a very late hour." A letter from Athens, of the 23d, says:- " Marshal Pelissier stopped one night at the Pirnus, on his way from Constantinople. Aftc vwas given to him on the evening of his arrival by the allied troops, and the following morming the Marshal, in company with theFrench Minister, visited all the antiquities of Athens, but did not rebuest anr audience of the Queen." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 40e|.. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-3ialf perCents. at 93f. 60e. ;and the New Loan at 70f. 45c.; OrleansRailwayShare, l,392f. 50c. ; Great Northern, 1,050f. ; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares. 860f.; Paris and Lyons, l,415f.; Lyons to the Meaiterra,' nean, 1,835f. ; Western of France, 967f. 0Soc.; Bordeaux and Cette, 805f.; Great Central of France, 705f.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,555f.; Austrian Railways, 867f. 5Cc. ' Cou. AzUiAwti -P1Ams, July 3L-Cash Plices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f 6c. -Three per Cents., 70f. 70c. 6oe. ; ditto seeond Loan of 1855 (&5 per cent. paid), 70f. 60c. 65C. * ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 60c. 65c.; Bank of France, 4,075f.; Cridit Foncier, Obligations of 500f, Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Tbree per Cents., 390f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 95f.; ditto Three per Cents., S0f.; Cr6dit MobilierJ I,570f. 1,565f. 1,O 1,555f.; Discount. Bank, 707f. 50c.; Piednoutese Fixe per Cents., from; ditto Three poer Cents., u; Austrian Fiveper Cents., 88; Belgian Four-and-a-Half E or Cpats., 98r ; iomans 87; Spamnish Three per Cents., 4A; ditto Interior Debt, 39 38i, Duteh Twa-and-a-Hall per Cents., Fr., 6. Exhange on Iondon. at sght, oney, 2sf. 27of; three months, -money, 2Sf. 2nthe 2 ur accounts from Madrid are of the 26th prt. The tdpoca states that the insurreetion at Saragossa was drawaing to a elose. according to a despatch received in the morning from La Alinunia, General ])ulce had arrived int that towvn. The spirnt of tlhe tr00i:s was excellent, On the 25th B3rigadier Smid5 a memnber of the rev'-lutionary junta, pro. sented himself at Alagan, where General Eichague had his head-quarters, and announced that the troops of the garrison would shortly make their submission to the Goyerrnient. The JEspassc quotes a letter from Calataynld, mentioning that isolated detachments of soldiers and individuala, escaping from Saragosea, continued to arrive in that town. The Civric Guards of the city had also effected their escape. The regentof the Audiencia o. Saragossa reached Madrid on tha 20th When he left Saragossa the greatest consternation prevailed in that city. Teruel, which had followed the movement of Saragossa, was closely surrounded by the troops of Brigadier Damato. The militia alone held the town. : The Military GovernorofCiuZadRealhbdmajr-hed -aith some troops in the direction of Deipenaperros for the purpose of farcing-the passage, which ws -defended by a party of in«surgents under the orders of Merino. The artillery sent for to Segovia was beginning to arrive at Madrid. The heavy batterimlng train organizing there wvas to leave in a few days for Saragossa. - The son of the Marquis de Alisida had addressed. s protest to the-President of tho Cortes against the arrest of his father at Valencia.- According to the last accounts from. thatcity. the Marquis was still' confined in the citadel. The Rpocaw. contains a long accoant. of the - recent evenat at Barcelona. The minority of the Ayunta-Iniento,- it appears, had asiumed the.mubicipal. powerJ,san,,d ca *, "_,._National Guard,,one. third of whom only res t 3 it I to the appeal. The remainder of the, insurgents consisted of operatives4 republican journalists, and French refugees, commanded by demoor-4tic deputies, the most active. of' whomn was' M. Franco.' T.e Royal forces, uiider. General Zapatero, were eomposed of 1 6 battalions of ' infantry, two regmients of cavalry, several brigadesof artillery, and 200 carabiniers.' The General had, however, despatchedasteamer totheBalearictslandq, to fetch the corps of engineers quartered at Mliahn, who were extremely,useful in blowing nup the buildings in which: the' revolters had intrX'nhed themselves. and opeiiing passages through the houses. The fighting continued' without interruption from the evening of the 18th unt til 3 o'clock pan on the 21st. - The insurgents, driven out of the city, retired on Gracia, where, having attempted to mal;e another stand, they suffered severe losses. In the morning' of the 21st the first alealde having assemble6d']00 National Guards on the square of. San Jaime, surprised a company of troops who defended the iribunal. General VMlalonga, who took the mi-. Ltary command of the place when General Basols was wounded, on being informed of this circuinstance, forced his way to the buildinc, in whichthe minority of theAvuntamiento was sitting, and seized the alcalde and four others forming the' revolutionary junta. The casualties on both aides are not yet known. Eight officers, one of whom was a captain of Engineers, were idlled, and 20 wFounded, and 6(} soldiers were put hors' d combat. The loss of 'the insurgents is estimated at}1,50 slain, -wounded; or prisoners. The latter amount to about 500. Some of the edifice5 of the city have. been greatly damaged. AUSTRIA. (IoSM OUR OWN COBRRSPoNDIRK.) VIENNA, JuLY'2S. No member of the Imperial family has visited the King of Prussia since he has been atlarienbad, and this apparent want of attention to His Majesiy is generally considered a proof of the extreme coolness of the relations between the two Courts. 'That the Austrian and Prussian Governments have marvellously little sympathy for each other is certairi, but the EmDeror and 'the King are such very sear relatives that politics can hardly have any great influence on their private intercourse. 'Vhenever the King of Prussia visits a watering-place he likes to lead' a quiet and retired life, and, this peculiarity being well known to the Emperor, it may reasonably be supposed that he has instrtucted the different members of his famnily not to pay viSitS oft ceremony to Hiis Majesty. Every habitual fr&~ j quenter of Isohi must have-had opportunities of 1e- marking that the King of Prussia is never more in his clement than when heisahlet'o enjoy the beauties of nature without a suite of attendants, and that he appears "boredl" whenever he is obliged to don the 'strait-waistcoat of royalty. As the Empress is already well enough to leave her room the Esmperor will, in a fevr days, go to visit his aunts, the Queen3 of Prtssia and Saxony, at Toplitz, where he will probably meat his loyal tncle, who returns to Berlin at the begDinning of next month. Her Majesty the Empress has already attended mass in the chapel which was prepared in the Castle of Laxenbg for the christenng of the little Archduchess. (moM Oun' OWN- CORMFPON?DzNT.) TURIN, JULy 28; The principal fact that has transpired since I last .wrot concerning the attemDted ins.urrection at faqsais that whbich I telegraphed to you this morning-viz., that the movement' had been completely suppressed. How this happened, or in what manner Ihe insurgents were' dealt with by the AIfodenese ' authorities,wve are still w;ithout intelligence, for this is almost the only informati.on youchssfed from official sources, and there are none others as yet, since the telegraph, though repaired, is not available to private persons for thletranlsmission of newfs Ont such subjects. With regard to the events of the night of the 25th, 26th, it appears that about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 26th some 60 persuns from Sarzana aud the neighbourhood collected near the frontier, opposite Parmignola, under the leadership of one Ratti, of Santerenzio, the whole being unarmed. On passing the Sardinian Gendarmes station they cned out, " Viv' la (Ydihizone! -isipetlete i Caroar binie-.1" 'On the Mcidenese territory they were joined by a number of. others, carrying arms themselves, and who, it is said, supplied arms to the new arrivals. They then dlrected their movements towards Carrara, disarming several Custom-house posts, pillaging the chest of the Parmignola station of 2,000 zwanzigers, and cuitting the telegraph wires as they went. At Carrara they no doubt expected to find t,he population ready to join them, but the true nature of their reception may be gathered from the fact that the Sardinian Gendarmes arrested 21 personbs in the course of Sunday who tried to cross the frontier in'o Piedmont' with arms in their hands. TheGenoese policehave also been active the last few days, and have arTe3ted some~ six or seven persons' suspected' of being concerned in this affair. That the Sardinian Government atitaches very little iraportance to it is proved by 'Count Cavour not having thought it necessary to'return to Turin even for a day in consequence, and when -we see how cDmpIe ely isolated the attempt has been, and how signallyithas failedin disturbing the general tranquillity of -the country; it must be admiitted the Ministers have been justified in confiding in the good sense of the population instead of irritating people by searches and espionage. There can be no doubt now of the movement havinig enjoyed Mazzinian protection, though whether it was purely and simply a project of Mazzini is still unproved; but, whoever was the author, he deserves credit for his ingenuity in furnishing the ringleaders with constittutional watchw7ords, so as to induce people to believe the rising was favoured by the Sardinian Governmeut, and fancy themselves betrayed when they fountd the Sardinian Government directly opposed to them, Wkilo at the same tie it would afford A ustria an opportunity of raising her usual' complaint, that Piedmont is the hotbed of revolution, and of extending her occtupation. A supplement of the Mazzinian organ, the Italia e -Popolo of - Genoa, published on Sinday evening the following intelligence and proclamation. The first Is almostaltogetherincorrect, and therefore is curious as a proof of' -what the xsrty intended should have'occurred; and the latter bears such evident tokens of theprophetic style that all wvho have read it declare it to be -written by Mazzini himelf. The pretended news is- "' About half-past 9 last evening an insurrectionary movement cominenced at Massa, Carrara, and other points of the Lunigiana. The agitation spread immediately on this ride of the froniier, from Sarzana to Spezzia, strorger at Leici, Santerenslo, Amelia, &c. Many young men of our ,onntry croesed 'the frontier in support of the insurgents. A conflict is said to have taken place with the Gendarmes, which resulted in thearrest of sir or eight of these young men. It appeas that aninsurrectionhasalto commenced. ih Tuscany. From Turin the news received of the move. ment in the Limiigiaiahad produced great excitemnent. It isthought probable that a demonstration 'wil be made in that city this eveining." It is only necessary to compare this statement with -what actuaUy took place to see that it is in reality a prog,ramme of what was meditated, and was printed before the news of failure had been received. As to inslurection in' Tuscany, or excitement here,- nothing of the kind is mentioned in the latest ac-" counts trom lorence, and thestrongestfeeling hero was curiosity to :hnow how- the insurgents had beeu disposed of. The proclamation is as follows,v3 _ . "Italians' Brothers 1-Led by thebomnipptnce of truth, people and,Governments lament our sufferings. and colnfems our rights. 'The o piinion of Europe is m oved in our favour From one end of Italy to the other a thrill ef:battle iauis7. through the oppressed. From one end of Italy 'to- the other men perceive a new life-the life of the commn country. : ' -'. "Butthe opinion of Europe cannot give effectual aid .. except to those who arise and fight. f oples ancd Gover;nmeats only reconiaacoulnpli shed facts; and the universa4 ferment of our multitudes requires a signal, a flag, in order to brealout in 3 powerful m anner. - * *We rise to iDitiate these facts t&hat all cal for. We 1irst raise aloft, in the name of all, that flag which should serve sasig sinaL..- ---- It iz the flag of Italy, of the Italian mation, of Italy one andifre, the struggl1 l gained, sola arbiter of her owne - des tinies . - , - -'' 'We have a nffr d long, with all our brethren, from the Alp s to the sex, for her; we rise now determined to fight-' and conqucl- m'herihoje iiamt;4 F iFty yea arsof oppression and aacl xrdox mxnufeuy borne &srve daevicto rgyanad e At the cry of -war and of life Wmhich we -send from-th-, sufnn.t - of our Appenines; 'a a crr of nitional life, a CrygO rhieh surrQund the futufe, aaswer .un oi-nOUly, rkpidly, boldly.ithcsewho ihave Itay at heart, and Italy shaU boe (l'ItZtic serea). "'Tbe-FlA:NS of the LUMIGLTAA Carrara, Jz 185." - A document of considerable imporaiince as regards Parma, showing the desiresof both Government and people there, has lately been partially published byL aTurii- paper. ~~It-isa znexnoris presented by; i Signor iolossi (a person- holdinhiigh employnmeit under~ the 1arma Governlment) on the part of a'number of his fellow-citizens to the PR_ent, swith her consent, and -wt the consent of her Ministers.. Count Cremeville is said to have requestei! to be' furnished, iti two copiee of it-one. of which he senit to Vienna, and one to Marshal Radetzhy. The; memorial entes at ga length into the state of the Duchy, past and present, its history, the law of succession, of the Farnese Bourbons, the late crimes, aiid many other details of government. It ends by suggesting to the Dqche~s, as remedies for existing evils,1.st, to dismiss the present Director of Police, confiding thisdelicatebranch of the service to a native of' the country, .cautious, temperate, prudent, devroted to the Prince,. and 'to the laws of the State.' 2d. To purge the police offices and disband that mob of officialss, which has become hatefil to the whole nation. 3d. To' reorganize the army (most important. 4th. To recall the' Parmesan prisonersfrom Meantua (they are 'dready said to be on their way back), to exaw'ine inpartially into the cases of those condemned, and submit the others to a prompt and just trial. '5th. To raise the state of siege. 6th. To cause the withdrawal of the AustriaM troops. 7th. To repudiate resolutely the Custom-house league. 8th. To convoke under the Presidency of his Royal flighness the Extraordinary Council of State for secret deliberation on(a) the equity of the treaty of Florence of 1844 (whlich made a n;ew adjustment of the territories of the Duchies on the demise of MariaLJouisa); (b) the affair of the mines held by Baron Ward, &c.; (c) the reduction of certain pensions enjoyed byfavourites. To-day is the imiversay 'of the' death of King Ch'arks Albert, on which eccasion there was a funeral mass in the cathedral, attended by Ministers, Senators, Deputies, &-c., and detachmenats of National Guards and troops of the line.
THK IIBSH 1POOR LAW. TO TH;E EDITOR OF THE TIIES. Sir,-In the hope that this account of the present position of the once unfortunately too famons Skibbereen Poor Law Union sill not be uninteresting to your British readers, I will not apologize for intruding on the columns of The Tih,s.. Many of your readers are able to compare what I am about to state vith what that urion was in the years 1846 aud 1847, 'hose awful periods in which the perishimg people -vire counted by thousands, distress in its most trying form aU but universal, and physical suffering so intense a to make death desired as the only relief from an accumlation of human suftering seldom surpassedin modern times. .At that period the Skibbereen Workhouse had. over 40,000 paupers on its list, with the plainest food at famine prices, and terror and despair pervading every class, for immediate relief was more than doubtful, and when it did arrive it was insufficient, owing chiefly to the haste of the arrangements and the incapacity of many who were intrusted with its application. But after a protracted and fearful struggle the hour of effectual relief arrived, and a state of transition followed which, under the guidance of an all-wise Providence, and the noble sympathy of British feeling and generosity, hlas quite obliterated the traces of rtun which this country presented for more thau four years after the famine had ceased. To be able to tcl the friend to Ireland in her hour of dis. tress that her people are now prosperous, poaceable, and contented must be a gratifying reflection to everv Irish heart, and to none more than to the writerof thase lines,who was an eyewitness of all that calasnity and sufifring which called forth the compassion and liberality of generous and affluent England, and has muade Irish gratitude as lasting as it was deserved. The SLibbereen Union Workhouse contains at present only about 381 inmates, among which there is not one ablebodied pauper, and, except the children, nearly all the rest are aged or infirm, and necessarily under the care of the house physician, while the children, am6nunting to abDut 104 girls and 50 boys, have the advantage of being well instructed under the National School system irL those useful branches of English education best calculated to fit them for earning their bread as valuable members-of society, and .he boys are taught, inaddition, thosebranches of practical agriculture s) necessary to be wel knowvn by a rural population, whose occupition must necessarily be the proper crltivation of their native soil; and it-is due to the excelente system under which these poor childron are instracted, and to the master and mistresi in whose care they are, to state that the intelligence, proficiency, and cleanly appearance of them all, merits the highest praise, and may wel be pointed out as worthy of attention in quarters where we are led to believe a better system exists, and certainy where the means of adopting the best are not wanting. - Of the Skibbereen Workhouse, as regards its management, nothing can be better; it exhibits the most scrupulois cleanliness in every part, and. a garden-like appearance externally, while the econoimy aud carefulness with whieh its funds pre applied, and 'the- harmonions and, eulighteried character, of the proceeding of-the board of guardians, under the guidandd of its able, attenfive, and pbpnlar chairmran,Mfr. Thomaf Somervifle, is a guarantee against any misapplication of the funds. Nor can I withhold a jrist tribate of praise from the physician of this once painfallv distinguished workhouse, a' gentleman who in conjunction with the late 'well rovwn Rev. I. B. Townsend, devoted so much of his time and abilities and perilled his life in attending to the necesilties and alleviating the sufferings of the thousands which famine and disease brought render the care of these two excellent men. One has left the earthly sphere of his usefulness to receive the reward of his truly Christian exceleeneb; the other remains at his post, an example of how worth combined with experience and talent can be left, neglected when there is not interest or influence to direct the eye of patronage to such qualities. The average weekly expenditure in the Skibbereen Workhoiuse is about Is. 9d. per thead for the paupers and about 3d. additional for the sick. The land Enclosed within its walls is about seven statute acres, in which vegetables are cultivated for the house and where the boys receive practical instruction in agriculture; coarse clotlhing is manufactured for the use of-the paupers by the women, and thegirls are instructed in needlework. The internal management appears so well ordered by the master as to leave the board of guardians nothing to desire. Perhaps it will not seem ou't of place to add a few facts as to the present stato of the extensive district of which the town of Skibbereen is the centre, it being calcalated to show that a general advance in prosperity has made very conisiderable progress. The most remarkable change since the famine is, that nearly aU the cottier tenantry have been extirpated, and their small holdings cbnsolidated into larger farms, varying in size fromn 20 to 100 acres and upwards, while dairy farming has taken the place of grain crops and potatoes, which were previously over every arable acre. ' The remslt of' thi: change is t'hat a new branch of trade has been c ieated-'i', the weekly sale of fresh bitter, broughtintothe 'market by the farniers.in rolls,- and purchnsed s,t prices varying fromn.d. to 12d. per lb.,' by person5 who salt and pack it for the great. Cork marketsi where it is sold to the merchants for export to Australia and other foreign markets; and it is computed that in Skibbereen the quanticy. sold in the wveekly market amounts to fuy 1,DOO. per week, ,and at prices nearly double what they were a few years ago. -And the improvement in the cattle of the contryi4as kept pa e with this remnarkable increase in agriu nltua,rolprodu,e, n;udthere is to be added to thesefacts thepleat. ingbrie-that-inappearance, ald, orderlyand soberhab'its, the-,inhabitmcs h39 tade t,he,most rapid advance.- Such anreth,e-most prominent,proofs of progressive improvement a loca,lity to r,ecently prostrate ben,eath the pressure of a,dversity and paupierieen. It would; however, be- a,n error to suppose that much of this happy reaction is to be attributed-tothe changes produced bv the operations qf the Encumbered Estates-Coart in this locality' The; transferof land here-bass been hut 'Fliinited, eand,the nelwowners h,a,vg not'introduced any ro-. narkable changes, as regards, the cultivators of the. soil. ';Ther-esnybebelternsnagenmen,hbut tberearenotloworneats gmong the new. proprietors tenant than we:find where the: oldproprietors are stilli beink. ,Rents are generally very. .ikasonable, although the lugh, prices of farm produce may Mad one to give the landlords credit fof a self-denysg' effokt iLL not raising thoirrena;, however there are 'some indications of a disposition to. "assimilatWrents to prices," 'vhile the much asitabeu- qcestiorn of tenant-right'h33 eviien,tly,licst'grounsi among it,s'avowed friends. - --'- i FeaiinSI lave trespassed oo f on;your colun, Iil mere'y add-that it isbiit -fair'to Jmyj fellow countrymen to ; direct attention to the reinarkble- diuinution of crime as ,proved- -by!the asiszee' reports) that is every,wqbern apparent ;thr6ughiout trr~betl-an ct.that goes farbo prove the moral influence ,of iprosperity upon"-the poor, "whose strigglessii ,such -crciiin,- trals as 'the Iish' poor ~liaye' faller:urider w,efi;eqflltd,Vi~hile 't,heir- conde'nition wafs n'nipodi. ! I remain.rSir, very!-resisetfuhl,. vouv.faifhf,, lD -lt - - 0TROA . HUNGERFOD. :~~~~~~~P!
I"-. 2yRO)UE&SfISTOIZY OF-NGLAN. - This is'3& rmia aliworit.--Mr. lFroude undertakes to narrate the hhistor of- England during part of its passage from iaediheval to modern lIfe. This revolution, which-ndy-bei described generaJly as a charige from aristocratic domination to government either despoticor constitutional, with us, aftera longstruggle, endedi i-the tHiumphof free illStitutions. It forms a grand drama, the first act of .which was the -downfall of -the ecclesiastical tyranny of Rome in England,;nJd-Uih_nion bf Church and State under the monarchy of E.iAbetl s th 6second was the eventful contest:of-the dStuhrts unchecked now by a baronage or a priesthood, withthe Commonsof-England- and theothird was the establishnent, inder Wiiam ana Mary, of that kingly. Commonwealth which, with some slight modifications, remains our existing constitution.' And in harmony -vith this great -traisition w.asa cumplete change in the- habits, opinions, and sympathies of: the nation, so that, while its organic struetures, so to speak, with the exception of the church; remained- the same in name and co-relation, the life which grewLnp:around them was essentially different. The first of these acts, -in which wesee the battle of a foreign. church md a national Crown fought out upon tWe pieturesque stage of the Englanc " of the olden -time," MIr. Froude promises to portray. The two volIues before us, -which. comprise the-period betveen the fall of Wolsey and the death-of Anne Boleyn, prove that he has many tualifications for the task. He lias.deep and. clear knowledge of the subject; -great skill in painting c alicter, according to his own ideas; an-evidantrly sincere wish to find out the truth; and astyle, somewhat bnexacperhaps, hut always flowving, and xising and falling to the level of his matter. We regret to add, that we think him carried into great inistakes by a love of paradoe; but w e respect whila we differ from him. In his first clhapter Mr. Froude give us hig idea of the England of the Tudors, between which -ancd oar actual England there, lies a gulf which the prose of the listorian Will never adequately bridge." But he omiits-in thispa,rticularmulike MIr. Macaulayto reproduce for us its external image, and dweill3 solely upon the working of 'its political and social organization. For this he has the great exam,le of Thucydides, in his masterly sketch of Greece at the 5 outbreak of the Peloponuesian war; but, we could have wished to catch-a glimpse of this island as it appeared in -152-with its quaint towns of rude houses and narrow steets, crowned with eathedrals and abbesith its embattled castles-each a centre of a broad circle of feudal domination, rising above the gra-nges of the free yeomanry and the huts of the villeinwith ita barren hills abandoned to the grouse and the plover, and, ini many places, looking down on broadtracts of moor andforest, intersected here and there by the narrow areas of cultivation-the_England, in short, which caught the expiring glance of Wolsey. But, if -wen miss the rorm of the old land, we have a vivia delineation of the old English nation-as it appears to Mr. Fronde in al the phases of its life-at the decay of feudalism, and just before the Refor3mation; and, certainly, if the historian's account be correct, '" the type upon which this old society grew" was essentially different from that of modern England, moulded upon opposite principles and formed for a different purpose. According to him, during the middle ages, and up to the close of the 16th century, the feudal system, while, apparently, only a bond of military union, Init together all the ranks of Englsh society into a majestic organization, the movingprinciple of whose action was- the' sense of publc and of private duty. The feudal spirit, the essence of whicb was a love of honour and fidelity in all engagements, penetrating deeply into the heart of the nation and animatirg all men in their mutual relations, kept down the spirit of selfishness which MIr. Froude thinks the canker of existing society, and fonned a cDmmonwealth in which men thought as much of their neighbours' rights as of their owvn. The Crown needed no standing armny, for it posI sessed the "unbought loyalty" of the feudal inilitia; the feudal lords either were not alloved, or voluntarily declined, to tyrannize over their dependents; and a constant State interference regulated wages secured to the labourer a return fornisindustry, which was at least twofold the present average; iimited the application of capital to objects tending to the. public weal; and directed mercantile dcalingS so as to check fnaud and to encourage honesty. And thlat genieral conitenitment a-nd harmony prevailed Mr. Froude tlhnks proved by the fact that 11 iEnglishmen were not only permittedbut required to wear arms and t) practise military exercises, which, he truly adds, was the best method to repress i "the self-seeking tendencies of the wealthy classes," which were beginning to appear. In short, in this state of society, in vwhich, to quote Mr Froude, "'the principles of political economy were consciously or iuconsciotisly contradicted; where an attempt, more or less successfu, was made to bring the production and distribution of wealth under the moral rule of right and wrong; and where those laws of supply and demand, which we arenow taught to regard as = imutable ordinances of nature, *ere absorbed or suiparseded by a higher code;," --in this quaint old structure of political life, in which individual action and freedom were so strangely directed and - controlled, MIr. Froude insists that the 5,000,0)0 who then dwelt in England were "prosperous, well-fed, contented, and loyal, in all points of material comfort as wrell off as they had ever been before, better offthan they had ever been in later timnes." We acquiesee in the truth of some among M1r. Froude's facts. but we dispute the causes he assigns for them, andi several of the conclusions he draws from them. We deny that the feudal system had in itself the magnificent effect of neutralizing Private selfishness, and of making the principle of regard to the public weal paranwmnt in society. It certainly secured to the Crown a army of mercenaries, paid in land an(d not in money, whose rude array, as war was matured into an art, was superseded by a regular array. But it wvas poverty and selfishness united, not "the spirit of chivalry,"' which in the middle ages knit together the Barons and C6mmons of England in such close relationship. So long as the feudal aristocracy had no markets in which to exchange the rude produce of theirlands theyhad no temptation to makerents high, and had every encouragement to purchase the goodwill ofj their. dependents by an interested hospitality. So long, too, as the services of the man-atarm s were more valuable thnanmoney rents, the feudal proprietor had a direct interest to increase the number and to improve the condition of his retainers. Self-interest, theprinciple whichactuates modern, seems thus to have moulded together feudal society,-though :its operation on a different state of things producei very different effects, and to some may seemn an exalted patriotism. Then it prompted thedepositaries of power to protectthe indigent many ard to oppress the.moneyed few, as now it dictates the policy of leaving all classes to rise or fall-by themselves; and hence the wages of the labourer -of. HenryVITTL were higher than those of the labourer of Victoria, although the difference, we think, was less than that asserted by MIr. Froude, andin many particulars te modern labourer is better off than his Dredecessor; for, if he has less command over the coarser necessaries of life-low- food, com'monclothes, and rude _ing, he hs far mor over- its conveniences an h refinements. We refer -sceptice on this-point-to the famous third chapter of Mr.- lIacanlav's -fist volume, and to the last paragraplr of.Ada4m Smith's. flirst. chapter. -SelE-intercst, -too, or rather selfishness, seems to hiafecaulsad ta constnt State interference.-with t-he mercantile coturiity. which fr. FroudeIas- cribes -to a nobler motive. The growthof t'he trading hody-iii England was neither spontancous nor free; it was fostered r-b the Jeudal Monarchy and dis - c6uraged .by the landed aristocracy; and hence, m -nde' Jthr one influeice,i it was organized into a curious mercantile hierar-by, with corporate privil6ges, 'ilds - :crafts,,- and- appreDticeahis, sM this seemedm6stadeqtiatelytoinsureitspreservation;and, under,the other, it-.was fcrcedto make its developmnent com'patibleI-wth feudahalisn, and,:in sone degree, to hr.asmonize its tonctuct withthe feudal spirit, -nlch. -h-appened, to be iaterestedly liberal to the lower orders. W. We -thus 'believe it was - anything biut the -genero!is- unse`I,shness of the- trading chasiwhich; in Mr, Frotide lano-nage, created that-".v4vast organization" "Cwhich oncepenetrated :'.the entire trad life of DInorlnd-an organization 'set oninoat to rca ire that ;noat neesay if most; - 'difficult condition of conmaer ciat excellence, nunder hrMch:man. hllotdddeal faithfully withl his brother, andtall .ware3s offered .Tr-'le,-of whatever kind, should be ;whatthey-pretended tobe." "Maudoes hiotinuch ifffrom man,", says Thucydides; and -we.cannot acoept ooncduliorn the..p"isof w-hil contravene al experence of human .ature.... , - i3Mi. Froude sketches graphically t.ie ' aocia liW the old English in their variousder,-_teir mailyi Iabits, their qua;intpavtime* fdfe "gy of -th lhswpitlin," ad 'leir tate for &Winaw. e tation. gnbt-n1 equire,,yeoinan and :esinau stand out clearly -upn his glowing CfnTa.- It i3 remiarkable, howeverAuat he finds. in-ut no space for that majeatic hierarahy which was E sonlto fa¢t from its "$pride of place," and in its fall to -give; the signal of tlia' econffict- which only ened 1688. 'e could hn've wished to siee thoie unco'n:scious heralds of - revolution ranged as yet into Asu. order that, in England, made an empire 'within. .an-, empire, as yet, to all Seeming, ly spiritual siay and_ material power firmly rooted in the land over wliicli they mightily spre&al, buit really weakl,- becmen' grossy corrupt, dying in a invaik of splendoi-:_ and, with us, destined soon to -yield to the forejs of intelligence and civilization.- Miut31r. Frouadethus beautifully describes the new spiritwhich was nminning to -breathe around, and which; as in the agory of a Prometheus, was to make the earth-reel, andZ the firnmbases of allthings torockin disorder:- "'The paths trodden by the footateps of ages were brzken up, old tbings were passing away, and the-faith and lifeof ten centuries were dissolving like s dream. Chiv-aliyUf was dying > the abbey andt-hecastle were soon together- -t3 ciunmble into ruins; and all the forms, beliefs, desires, con-'] victions of the old world were pesing away, never to re-. turn. A new continent had risen up beyond the WesteiFI sea. The ilocr of heaven, ilala 'wih stirs, had sunk back-, into an infinite abyss of iuneasurable'8pace' and the firm_ earth itself, unfed'from its foundtionsj, wvas seen to be'but a smasllatom in the awful vestoess of the universe. Iun'tlie3 fabric of habitin which they had so laboriously built- for themselves mankind were to remain no longer" 'h Mr. Fronde begins his history in the year 1527 : Rome had been taken by the forces of Charles .V.-!' "the Pope had been imprisoned, -the churchesii pillaged, the Cardinals insulted, and all holiest: things polluted and profaned." KHenry YiII. was., desirous to divorce himself from Catherine; but for.r this the. solemn fiat of the Pope was necessnry-- and nowr, if ever, the Pope would probably be Iun propitious to the cause of the aunt of the inperiaai spoiler. CardinalWolsey, chief or rathersole Mini-3 ter of H:enry, conceiv.ed that by instantly urging-: and obtainling the divorce he vwould rivet his hold upon the Kings goodwill, wonld2 thereby, be enabled to effect the reform, whic' . he saw the- church required, 'anTd':might benefit England by securg from a new:e marriage the prospect of a male succession to rhe.-e Crown. The King, too, hadcseea Ae Boleyn, anldthe sight had, at least, made him more alive to the _ State policy ofthe divorce, which MTr. Froude would make us believe was his principal motive; and, accordingvly, in this memorable year Gardiner and'Sir 'Gregory Cassiis were sent to Rome to'negotiate the divorce; the alliance with; Charles V. was broken off, and h enry - made a leagoue 'witSh'Franacis I., the Em peror's I chief enemy. But the state of affairs at Roume wras - enougiito make Clement YIL. pause. To grant th'e - divorce V;aS to insult Charles and insure his ensnity,' but would not necessarily secure in the Papal:. interest the joint alEance of those "natural foes;" France and England. Feeble and cunning, beresolved to temporize and to comnmit himself only when escape was impossible. At first, indeed, he seems to have made a clearpromise to Henry, anld irigood faith to have sent Campeggio to England to.4try the question as his representative; but the.' destruction of the FrenAc army in 1528, the. evident dislike of England to the French connexion, seduilously fomented by Charles, and the presence of the Imperial forces, " like a lion in his path," soon convinced him that concessionto'the King was certain peril without adequate security. For atime, he said and unsaid, sighed, sobbed, beat his breast, shuffled, implored, and threatened ;" but when he - had become aware that Catherine had declined to: renounce her rights, and that Charles had determined to staud by her in the quarrel, he resolved to take the Imperial side. His policy, however, was essentially adverse to the interests of the Church. of which he was 'the head. Thejuriscdiction of the Pope in England in ecclesiastical causes had hitherto been administered by a resident legate, whose presence threw a decent -veil over this foreign inter-. ference. But, when Clement had recalled Campeggio, aud upon a flimsy and technical pretext had - " advriked" Henry's cause to RPome, a proud King -; and people were made to feel that they depenfied upon an'alien potentate ; the question of the divorce, became identified wviththat of national independence, and, at aitimehvhenRomewasfast losing a-lspiritual hold onEngland, andthe whole ecclesiastical systemw;as becoming obnoxious, 3England, touched to the quick in the roost sensitive point, rose up against Rome in angry irritation. After a 'vain attempt to avert the storm Wolsev fell, the Parliament of 1529 met, and 'with it conuenced the EnglishlReformation. From this time untilthe accession of the Stuarts the internal history of England is that of the conflict of thrce distinct parties. First, there was the Ronian party, resolved to maintain the sacerdotal ascendancy, though at the cost of foreign supremacy - and the dependence of England, and made up of-. various elements of ambition, conservatism, superstition, and devotion; secondly, the.re was the N'ational party, supported by the Crovwn and the strength of the laity, cager to shake off the temporal authority of Thime and to curtail the domestic tyranny of the p)riesthood, but as yet altogethier Roman Catholic in faith; and, thirdly, there was the Protestant -party. the descendants of the Lollards and the predecessors of the Puritans, as yet gathering into itself only the poor and the persecuted, but desti.ed torevolutionize Engl^and. And we agree with Ir. Froudethatit is'inthe strugglesoftheR omaand of the Protestant factions against the National party that we must partly seek the cause, if not the justification, of the exesses of despotic power whicch deface this period. Pa;tly, however, wre must ascribe them to the nature of the Tudor Princes, essentially imperious, and tempted into. tyranny by the absence of checking forces in the constitntion. At this moment the National party was triumphant. Thle King and the Parliament were resolved upon the divorce, and upon the reform of the ecclesiastical system. And truly the time had comae to lay the axze to the root Of thnat gigantic abuse. The church of PRome in England had degenerated into an engine of foreign domination and domestic tyranny, superior to law and worked by a corrupt priesthood. The first year's income of. all episcopal sees was engrossed by tlh. Pope. In ecclesiastical causes appeals lay to the Camera at Rome, although this jurisdiction was usually exercised by a resident legate. Tht P3pe, despite many old statutes, was perpetually interfering with presentations tobenefices. The monastic foundations set at nought the Morbnain Acts, and had absorbed nearlyone-fifth of the laud of England into the grasp of mere emissaries of Rome. The clergy in Convocation had the power of making laws which were not subordinate to the law of the land, and oftein contravened it. To this foreign was auperadded domuestic tyranny. The dioyesan cortsr' in England, originally ffounded, a1S SIr. Froude tells us, " to visit with temporal penalties the. breach of themozal lawv," in the hands of a corrapt.. .priesthood had become seats of a prying and interested inquisition lwhich multiplied and comnpounded for imaginay sins, and in every town in Eng,landset up its spiritual Exchequer. And what were the ghostly Vdespots who had laid their heavy bur,dens on the back of the nation I InMIr. Froude's: words, "pluralities multiplied, and non-residence, ana profligacy.- Avarice, negiect, and wickednes had thoroughly penetrated the church. We must refer generally to .ar. Froude's pag-fes for the e pni fue description of a body from which the spiritual. life had died out, and had left o nlyr corruption behind. I To complete th6 picturel we must add that,. in inmkery of justice, and as .an incentive to crime, the clergy were not menable to the temporal law uinti sentence of derradation had been passed, hi er relyourred,occuand,anthat th syenjoeey e njoyeda complete ssnuns.tyjrom everal sseoffen ces for wluich the laity 'were liable in heavy penalties :- " u nt the time of recl'oning atnras anived *slorlI ' the hand ha rald ealoln IOg the dial p1si'-slowlv as if the. event w vould never come' an srng wrgmas heaped a on rro on" . sad oppression cried, an it seemed as if no ear, hid, heard:' its~ voice till th'e meaanire of the circle .wxas at lengtls ful-- filleill the figer touched thed ho aoir, ns' the strokes o £ leegeatbimxmer=angouta5ove. ration,'in an ilat the mnigigty fabric oof iniquity shivered inteins. - Within fivre years the ecleistical supremacy a wa transferred fro m the P ope to the GeCrorn ; tie; eor- 'mious privivleges, of,tjbe cr ere clauled aied, d- the exactiosi of the piri turiaxere enmshha The payment of the: a rstes o AppcAls were ro' longer to-go tomgo The oues Eo ConvocAtion were deprived. of the i of inde- penddet legislation.. Bensfit f of Als wa neme'w at reduced; and the -he. inquisitors .ofth e e.- .rtical < t 'werQ frc tgo loier crge,
TO THE EDITO?R O1 THE T.IMES. Sr,-In your impression of Tuesday, the 22d inst., you notice the stoppage of a firm here-viz., Baxter and Backhouse. We lear that your etating the firm as Baxter and Co., and not :: full, as is given in our local papers, rnay lead some of our friends to suppose we have ausrended payment (it has dne so in one instance), and we sha31 feel Obliged if you will state, in-the same-part of your paper that contained the announcement, that we are not connected with the firm above mentioned. N :rvn,,, folrpnA. :GT - MIanchester, July 31. -. J. W. and B. BAXTEPR
THE HW CT2Y O OANOB CEMETERY. The folowing is the discusaon that tok place in the Court,of Common Council on Thursdy last, whea the chairman of the City Commission of Sewers {Deputy Peacock) hrdugh't ulp the report .of thatbody upon the subject of the conffi^it betweenl the arid-the clergy ot Londosrwitb tt sect to the consecration of t: iew cesmetery at llford. ' Iepuity PECoC}K moved,- " That the repoirt be agreed to, and that it be referred back to the Commissioners of Sewers to carry the same intov ex'cution.' Mr. LIRGsrAa VI ercpapn moved the following amend. menb: " That the princille o ecompensation, and respect for indtividual vested rigos and -interests, recognized and em-bodiEd in the 32d, 3th, and- 37th aections -of the statate of - the l5th anrd l6tu Victoria, cap. 85, is iust and equitable, and ouht to receive thl unanimouts sanction and suppozrt fxf this corporation, and which principle the corpi ration has so recently been called up,on to assert in protect'ng its own vested rights and nterests againistthe bill iL,troduced into Parliamnent by Sir Georgee Grey for the ragulafiun of the Corporation of London. "That, as it appears by. the report of the Commissioners of Severs that they have .from hrst to last endeasnured to :resis3t anid repn tlia+t the rights of ch crelawardens, truLstees, clerks, sextons, and othier Persoins wshich alre recognlized and a>sserted in thea statutte under which. +je Commissioners of Sewers derive their authority as the Burial Board of this city, this Court cannot approve their proceeding-s in that respeck Thabthis Court, or any portion or section. of it, not having the right to resist the authority of the Queen, Lords, and Commons, as expressed in an act of Parliaaent, any attempt to do so is degrading to the high character which this corporation has always mainLtained for respect for the laws. '- That it was the bounden duty of the Consumissioners o' Sewers in carrying into execution the statute in qaestlin to have protected the rights and interests of the ch rch%ardens and trustees, as wellas the snore humble offi:ers of clerks and sextons, as well a- the rights and int3 ests of the clergy. "Ihat ain preparing and fotswang a bill to Sir George darey howvinfr its ble,softhe deprivation of any indivirecognize ' in the statute in qulestnon, vsas an ill-advised and an improper pr.ceeding, and ought not to be persevered in or repented.p "That in order to avoid further delay in the consecration ani opening of the -burislground immediate steps should be taen by the commissioners for coming t4o a amnicable arrangement with the parties who may be entitled to any portion of fees under the act in question; and for that purpose the report be referred back to the Commissioners of 1e5wers, with instxrtctiois to ascertain vwhat fees, or portion of fees, have been payable on interments, or for any monument, gravestone, tablet, or monumental inscrintion, by law oercustom, to the churchwirdens of any of the parishes in th^e city of London, in order that such fees, or portion of fees resectivelymay be payable in the bunrlWground at liford, for such parishes respectively, so that the sanie may he received by the burial board of this city, and paid to the parties entitled to receive the same, and also to ascertain wvhat fees the clerkas and sextons of such respective parishes have previously received in respect of the buinal of the ;emains of parishioners or inhabitants of such respective pa rishes, in pursuance of the 32d and 36th sections of the ssatute; asnd also to considerwhether it will not be proper ti revise such fees, and substitute fixed annual sums in pursuance of the 37th section of the said act." m, Mr. Langham said he wvas very sorry to differ from the report of the Co4ismittee of the Commi.'sion of Sewers-a boody for wvhom he entertained the highest respect, but he thought they had mlade a great mistake by considering themselves from the first a sort of cemetery company, with which the clergy of London had nothing to do, and in which the clerIcs and sextons had no rights or interess, vwhereas the claims of all these pesons were recognized xuxder the act of Parliament relating to the cemetery. His own parish (St. Andrew's, 2olborn) never wou d agree to the propositions contained in the biUL Mr. Deputy LoTT.-I believe that every member of the commission was favonrab'e to tho report except mvself. UJpon my broad shoulders therefore is thrown thc task ot supporting and protecting the rights and privileges of cne ceergy. (Laughter.) lt is no comomon teask, and a tas' of no ordinary difficulty. The act provides that the commissoners, as a bural hoard, may associate with themselves one or two of the london incumbents, and, with a iew of carwing that out, the Archdeacon of London presented a petition to the Court praying that one or more of the London incumbents might be placed upon this board. Why ? Because they are the owners of the soil-they ace the ovwners of the freehold of the churchyards. (Cries of ";'o, no ") I say yes, yes. These churchyards are being removed almost bodily out of London. (Laughter.) Who has So great a right to them as the London incumbents ? The House of commons may pass the biU, but do you think the House of Lords would pass a bil to am ate the rights of the clergy ? I say, no. Thank God we have got a House of Lords. I hope that if only two hands are held up for the amendment there [will ho an expres-ion in 'he act that will signalize to the clergy of London that they are not without some support. (Laughter.) Mr. AnnAHaosL-I am quite sure that if Mr. Iangham had road the report he would never have put -such n string of resolutions upon the pape of business. HTe must very much indeed have misunderstood the report if, after readinig it with a desire to understand it, he could have felt hinself justified in imputig to the burial hoard that w hich is imnuted in th is series of resolutions. Mr. Langham said that in bis parieh (St. Andrew's, Holborn) compensation was required for the parson, the sexton, and the parish c'erk, and wet the ground they have got to inter the dead is crammed to such an abominable extent that they have not space decently to inter any mere. llotwithslanding that they have crammned their g,round in such a scandalous and barbarous way they retually ask for compensation in perpetuity The following is an extract from the report of our able officer of health, Dr. Letheby, upon the state of the churchyard of St. Andrew's, Holborn, dated Decemh!er .1, 855 :-" Within the last few days my attention his I een directed by one of your inspectors Mir. Teinouth, to the condition of the graveyard of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I visited it on Saturday last, and found it to be in so un"ho'esome a state that I lost no time in directing your attention to it. The churchyard is literally crammed with deai bodies. Although the soil oa the churchyard is from 10 to 11 feet above the level of the road, yet it is rising hinger by the daily addition of fresh bodies. In fact, very lately the gravediggers have found it necessary to support he e u th against the railings by means of planks, in order liat the soil and bones may not fall upon the passengers as hey trarel the public road. When I was in Shoe-lane on atlurday last the policeman on duty directed my attention to the human bones which were actually protruding from the earth, which stood high above the level of the coping to which railngs were fixed. On going into the churchyard I witnessed the active preparations which were being made for the next S&nday's burials. Several graves were already dug, and at the buttom of one of them I noticed a coffin barely covered u ith earth; in the side of another a coffin as exposed, whichthe gravedigger said had been buried only a few (lays. Everywhere on the surface of the groun.d hones and decaying wood were abundantly scattered about, and the soil itself was satur.ated with deconipcsing organic matter; indeed, it exhibited in a very marled degree that peculiar oily or unctuous quality which is characteristic of the overcharged soil of the London graveyards. I took away a portion or the earth for experiment, and I place before you the disgustingly fetid liquor which I obtained by a distillation of only two ounces of the soil. This will convince you that churchyard earth is not so innocent or innocuous a thing as many have supposed. In all directions the ground was considerably above its natural level, and at my request the gravedigger and his assistant explored it in several directions, in order that I might ascertain at what depth the coffins were buried. In several places they were not more than three feet from the surface, and in one case the coffin was covered with less than two fee' of earth. From an exemination of the books which are in the custody of the sexton, I find that as many as 1,020 bodies have been interred in this churchyard since the begmnng of the present year. Since the Sccretary of State ordered the inxmediate closure of this over-crowded graveyard nearly 3,000 bodies have been added to the soil, the entire area of which is considerably less than an acre." (Cries of '-Shane,sh.ame ") Hero is the select vestry of St. Andrew's, Holborn, putting in a clai for conipensation in perpetuity, w hen they have no ground in which to conduct a decent interment. I trust that the motion will be naniously carried. WI ear, hear.) After some remarks from Mr. T. H. FRY and Mr. Deputy BOwER, the amendmentvwas negatived by an overwhelbing majority, there being but three hands held up in favour of, and about 100 against it. The original motion was then carried amiid applause.
A LAN~cAS=IE FARismies GOODS AND CHATTElS rIc 1681.-We copy the following from the original document, now firs printed :-" A true and perfect inventory of all the goods and cbattels, as wel moveable as not moveable, whatsoevecr, that were of Yleter Birkcett, kste of Borrands-witbin-Gressingham, deceased, taken the sixth day of December, 1G61. and prised by%Vill'm BacL-hoose, of Borranas,wilrlm Jlrathwayte, of Gressingham, Allan Hfarrison, of Eskrgg, and J-ames Bell, of Gawenhall, and particularly according to their best judgments, as followeth :-Imprimis bris apparel, II.; bedding, Ss.; ashes and chests, lo3s. 4d.; old -'oodlden vessell, 5s. new woodden vessell, cowper -timber, sod one pair of oldi bedstockes, 12s.; one brasse post, three pans, one pewther dubler (dish), and one earthen putt, 10s.; gridiron and branderath, 3s.; old table, old chaire, 'wheele and stocke, two old formes. and three Old steoles, 3s. 4d.; 2 sackes, 5s.; kneading tub and nesle, 2s. one Rakasnhooke, paire of tonges, cowper tcole, and quishions (cushions), 10s.; hemp, and 25 ira (libra, lb.) of yarne, Os.; wrheeletimber, carles and caTrs, 8s.; comne and shawe, 31.; one outsboote of hay, Il. 6s. 3d.; on*3 stacke of .of hay -without dores, Ida.; one scaffold of hay, 10s. ; one padd and wooll, 10s.; onLe mare and one colt, 31.; S5 geese, 4s.; manure, 5s.; 13 sheepe, 31.; ropes, Is.; one cache andL 5 hens, 2s.; turfe, Ca. 3d.; loose -wond, stees, and forks, -3s' one poake (bag) and henmpseed, Is.; one calfe, lOs. hseiffers, 3Z. ; one ditto, 27,; one cow, 2Z. lOs.;' anotler, 31. lOs. Sainma totalis, 29r1. 15s.,' Of the four appraiser's ,only one, James Bell, couldl 'write ic ae the othr three were marksmen. The indictment agairst Mlr. SnarVe for sanaslaughter, in causing the death oa,- pit en`-a~t-te Surrey Luanatic Asyluma by t a treatment of the shower bath and the admini-stration oP. tartar of antimony afterwards, wIl he ptreferredl at the Central Crininal Court on Monday Week, and the trial- will take place before the iudges oni the 20t inst. Sir F. Thesiger, Q C and Mr..Bodkin are re-
AW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY. Lr-aozm-nnm. A1IJU? 1; HOPLiN V; 9OPRTN7 5Before the LoaD CmuNCELLOR. = *xms was an appeal from & decision of Vice-Chancellor Wood. The bil, which was filed by one brother against, anotber, sought to set aside tho sale of a reversionary in terest in certain marsh or fen lends, forming part of the Bedford Level, and made by the plairitiffto the defendant in the year 1839. The grounds upon *shich the relief was askedlwerethat advantage was taken of the embarassed circumstances of the plaintiffat the time of the sale, and that an inadequate price was given fo- the property. The interest which the plaintiff had in the land, and which formed the subject of the -sale, was a reversionary one in a moiety of it, and the purchase-money was equivalent to 1,1001., as the property was then subject to a mortgage-of 4001. The evidence as to the value of the whole property at the time of sale (16 years ago) in nossession was of a conflicting character, ranging fronf 0,OOOf. to 10,0001., thereby, on behalf of the plaintiff, makigh~rvrinr hr worth about 2,0001., while the wi thdefenant stated that it was not worth more than 9.09. It certainly did appear that the property was for sale some time previous to the conveyance of -1839 for 1,000Z., and that the fact of its being so vwas well-knovn in the neighbourhood, and yet no one was willing to give that sum for it. 'Under these circumstances the Vice-Chancellor refused to set aside the sale. having previously referred-the matter to his chief clerk. Mr. VVilcock and Mr. W. HI. Terrell appeared for the appelant; Mr. Rolt and Mr. Shebbeare, for the respondent7 were not called upon. TheLMRnCeeasccscp, in giving judgment, said that the Vice-Chancellor, by referring the case to chambers to ascertain whether in 1839 the then market price had been given for the property, had done what he was perfectly competent to do, and what was in conformity with a decision in the House of Lords. There had been a great deal of con. fllcting evidence as to what was the estimated value in possession of the whole property in 1839, raugina from 6,W00. up to 10,0001. He (the Lord. Chance mos was not at all surprised to find this conflicting testimony of the surveyors, and had therefore been endeavouriDg to ascertain what other independent evidence there was in the case as to value, as he did not consider that any estimate of the value of the -whole property in possession was condusive as to the value of a moiety of it in reversion. NTow, hc wrould, inthe-first place, state that it was ineum. bent on the purchaser of a reversionary interest to prove that he gave the fell market value for the property, Had the defendant showntthat hedid so? He (the Lord Chancellor) had no hesitation in stating that the defendant had fully satisfied him as to that fact in the affirinative. His Lordship went through the affidavits upon this point, and, after dwveDing upon the fact of the property being kanown to be for sale, and yet no one could be fomnd to give 1,0G00. for it, said that the defendant then came forward to assist his brother, who was in distress, and gave 1,1001. Such were the facts of the case, and yet at the end of 16 years this C-ourt was asked to set aside the sale. While refusing the application he must add that if the Court were to listen to such a request it vwould be inflicting great hardship upon the buyers of reversionary property. Appeal dismissed. (Befoi-c the LOrDSu JusTins of AirAL.) IN BASERRUPTCY. EX PARIt SIR ISAAC LYON GOLDS311, BARiT., AND wIL- LLM IKNG, ESQ., LIT RE GEORGE DEANE AND FREDEB.ICK YOULE, BANKRUrTS. This was a petition of appeal presentea by Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid and Mr. King against a decision of 3Mr. Commissioner Percy, of the Liverpool District Court of Bankruptcy, made npon a question of double -proof. The facts were stated in the report of the matter in Tlhc Tines of the 12th ult., and vere as follows :-In 1853 the bankrupts carried en business as comusison agents and general merchants at Liverpool, as Deane Youle, and Co., and also carried on business in partnership with Alfred Youle, of Pernambuco, as merchants, on distinct and separate account. The business of the Pernaiubuco house was partly this :-They made purchases in the Brazils of produce to be consigned to the Liverpool firm for account of the Pernambuco firm, to pay for the same in cash, and to raise the amount required for that purpose by the sale at Pernambuco of biUs of exchange drawn by the Pernambuco firm upon, and accepted by, the Liverpool firm. The Pernambuco firm also made payments to English persons and firms in a similar manner The Pernambaco firm made consignments and remittances enough, or more than enough, to indemn,fy the Liverpool firm for the .amounts of the bills. Among the bills so drawn by the Pernambuco finn were two bills, one for 10,0001., dated the 29th of May, 1854, and the other for 5,0001., dated the 19th of June in the same year. These two biUs were carchased on behalf of the Brazilian Government for the purpose of makaing payments in England on its behalf, and were drawn in favour of Sir Isaac Lyen Goldsmid and Mr. KSing and MIr. Thompson (since deceased), the agents of the Brazilian Goveransent. On the 13th of November, 1854, the Liverpool firm was adjudicated bankrupt. On the 2Gth of June, 1855, the Pernambuco finn entered into a concordat with their creditors, which was duly ratified. The Government of Brazil, in the first instance, claimed a right in priority over the other creditors of the Pernambuco finn, but relinquished their right on the assuniption that the Liverpool firm was a distinct and different Erm, and that the bills were such as entitled them to recover against both firms, one as drawers, and the other as acceptors of the same. According to Brazilian law the holders would be entitled to receive dividends under the concordat without relinquishing any right to dividends under the bankruptcy of the Liverpool finn. The petitioners offered to prove at Liverpool, but the commissioner declined to receive it, on the ground of the concordat, holding that, if admitted, it would be double proof, which could not be admitted after an election to prove against the Pernambuco firm. The case steed this morning for judgmnent. Lord Justice KZlGS.nv BF.UCE did not agree with the conclusion of the commission, but stated that, as his learned bsother was of a different opinion, the petition would be dismissed. He would, however, observe that when a ViceChancellor he felt bound by the decision of the case of "Er partc Moult" (which decision he did not in his present position feel binding upon him), and gave the judgment ir " Exparte flinton" accordinigly. Lord Justice Tur:xEn. considered that the matter must be decided according to the principles of English law, and not of the Brazilian law, and that as in effect to decide in favour of the petitioner would be to allow of a double proof he mnUst agree with the commissioner and dismiss the appeal, as the commissioner had dismissed the petition. The ese o' " Ex parte Moult" his Lordship considered as binding on the Court, and that the case of "hr parte ilinton," decided by his learned brother, mlight wrell be disliognished from it. If the law was to be altered it ought to be altered by the Hiouse of Lords, and he hoped that the ase w ould go bcefore that ta-ibunal. Mr. Cairns and Mr. De Gex w ere for the appeal, Mr. Bacon and Mr. Aepland (of the common lawv bar) for the asEignees. It was stated that an appeal wouid be presented by the leave of the Court, which was given.
ROITS' COURT. CTn 2-T.A!Fl AIT IyaT -1 V.TILEP.TOv 'V. I,'ILLLlpS (Before tAe MNASTmR of th2e Roknimz This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the de fendant, a chymist and druggist at Coventry, from seLfin. as his own invention an antibilious inedicine in which tnh plaintiff had a patent-right (already noticed in our columns), and stood over to enable the defendant to answer the affidavits upon w-hich the motion -was founded. The defendant now appeared, and by his counsel consented that the motion for an injunction should be treated as a motion for a decree, that a perpetual injunction should ba granted restraining the defendant from selling the plainti¢'s patent mnedicine in the manner complained of, and the de fendant to pay the costs of the suit. Mr. R. Palmer, Q.C., and.51r. W. Cooper appeared for the plaintiff ; ?,fr. Southgate represented the defendant.
VIC ECHANCELLORS' COURTS. Arn r,r i AMTOR;EY-GEPE1RAT. V =71ZA-7- (Before Vi-Ce0anvccor Sir R. T. RT1SDESR.L-T x' I This case was ar-guedaon the 23d uilt., and fully reported in The, Times, the question being whether the Crown was enititled to legacy dluty an the property of Williamn Leainy, who, being a native of Limeric'k, residedl for ~30 years at Madras, in partnership with persons named Bairns and ReyDkolds; came to London in 18902, purcha-sed a bouse in Charlotte-street, Portland-place, with the furniture, of Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald, a gersonal friend, and re-sided there until 1811, when he sold both the house and furniture, and went to Clifton; then to Madeira, wvhere he made his will, describing himself as at present residing at MTadeira ; asil then to Lisbon, where he dlied, having left some boxes nnd other effects in Londlon during all this periodl; aud thequetio wa wethr hs dmiclewas Anglo-Indian, Irib, ortguee, r Eglih, t bingcontended that he' hadan ntetio toretrn venualy t Ieland, inasmuch as e hd lfta lrgesumtohinatvecit ofLimerick for chaitale urpses wih wicha fee chotbad been fone 0ne tedrcin fteCut called " Leamy's Mr. GIlasse andI Mr. Bevir a-opearedl in support of the caty r.Hanson appeared-for the Crowni; and MYr. Elli for? otnhr parties. Th VcsCsArccao (hvn eerved his judgment on the former occasionl) now said that there was notbingto count,erac-tthe conclusion that Mr. Loamy had established adomi- ile inlIndia, excepbt tat his affairs in that country were in an unsettl-ed state uptothe time ofhis death, and nothingtoD show but that his- Indian domicile continued after lie left it; but tho real question was whether when he came and resided in England he abandoned his Anglo-Indian and acquired an English domicile. It appearedl that he sutrered from a nulmonary complaint of an aggravated kInd, and no doulbt Eewent to Clifton as a place suted to persons in hiss condition, and went to Mdadeira on the same account. As trivial. circumstances w,ere of inmportaniae in cases of this3 kind, it appeared that he purchaLsed Irish stock, as also East India, thongh, that~ was ordinarily possessed by Englishmen ; and kept an account at Messrs. Couttas; but that was not sufficient to coxintervail the effect of the longcontinued residence,-.n fact beyonid all question bearing on the question of intention, and he certainy appeared to consider London his home. In a power of attorney -which he gave at Clifton he described hiniiseIf as "of Clifton,"1 where . as in making his- will be used the words -"now re'siding at Iadeirn,"showing that he didnotconsiderthat hiis residence and the 'mode in which persons described thiemselves in 1e"al instruments was one circuinstance to b&recgarded, and tfiie dlescription show,ed that he considered hiuinself domniciled in. :E~ngland, and,, coutpled -with a, letter he bad wiritten, that h-, never hAdthe leas-t intention of returning to India again The circumstance of leaving books, trunk-s, &c., intLondon thowed that he never mneant to reside in -Madeira0 whero he went for health only, and remained only from the difficulty there was b reason of the -war, of getting away from it, it 'being hestebY A-merican privateers. Whiatever intenition he mnight have had to return to Limerick, he did not. act urpon it, a)Ad, under all the circumstance, his Hlonour's opinion was thaat he had acquired an Anglo-lndani domicile, had abasidened that aind awnuired an English one, anid the inteaition-iDf returning to Inland: being the 'an-imims only, sand act theficfduns, and theereore but one ingredEent out of ibe two necessary to determine the domicile, his domicile was5ECglii, aad the Crov irer* entitled to legacy duty. LYALL V. PATON. Thi3wasilkewm- a qaeition-of domicile;in-rwhich al2o the Crown claimed lvgtcyduty:; the case w-ar, rged -yeAter day, ad is fully reported iz .u Tims,. Thi ahorS- f&ot were4these :- 1807the istator, r Scoteimnn, started for India, bat the vessel in. which he-was being wnrecked ws caried aito Drest, and hevwiu deacied as a`prioner until 1814,; wnen he wats rleased. Ini 1815..hepro-secutedhis Trint intantion, and prooeeded to Calctta, where he amassed conside:rable property, and staared for England in 1836, but died on the voyage, leaving his property in Iudia, which was transmitted to Englsnd, snd, this suit-being instituted to secure the legacies, the Crown claimed duty, and the question was whether the domncile of the teat'tor ws- AngloIn-an or English. - . ; - , - - Mr. Andersoni and~ Mr. T. Stevens apperd i upr ,of the petition, claInsing au Idian doIs i appo t for the Crown. - The Vic&eCR?LNUELi said thA this was another ques-tion of domicile, the materials- for cominig to3 a conclusion pon wlch wereeven more scanty thaninthelast. (ais Honour Thenastated the factM.) Xo doubt the testator interidedlto return to this country,,butthere wmsnot apar. tidle of evidence to show w'hat his purpose was in so.doing,not even that when he left Calcutta he had wouncd up his mercantile affair and put a stop to his house of business audno indication either nowsrodezendi or redeund! to Cal cu'ta. It mIght be that he-was coming to settle in Enlan& or Scotland,. the only- suggestion being in favour of that that wlhen a man had lived for 20 years in India, -and camne home to England or Scotland, he intended to remain there perrmanently. TBut -that was a cir*cumstance froma- which His HfonouLr could not infer any strong presumption of intention to abandon one domicile -and acqnire another, the question being whether having, as -be'thought he clearly had, acquired an AuglomIndian domicile, he d by the fact of quitting India acquired another. It was contended that the intention to abandon was coinmnenced, and he thereby acquired a new one, acnd reliance -was placed on the case of --' Munroe v. Douglas," 5 Mad and the dictue, of Sir John leach but it a -pearedto HisHononr, when that case-aw eximined, especiallyhaving regard to the laboured argument of counsel, it was ansuied that there mnst be both asnimus aTnd fadunm, and therefore that vws quite inconsistent with tihe conclusion sought to be drawn from it-mamely, that where a man leaves a place wchere he has acquired a domicile, and dies in iincsre, he thereby abandons soc'nacquireddomitile, and his domicileof origin.eitherreverts or he acquires a new one; all that was decided was that the old domicile may be abandoned, and that was the doctrhin of the . civillaw, and some of the American jurists, assumuing that to be the proposition c-ontended for, which, was extremsely qu-tstionable. It was ad7nitted on all hands by all the authorities that in order to change the domlicile there mast be animnu and fawcun,ara intenion acted upon to some extent, the factuvm being at least comnensurate with the daninmus. His Honour then reftrred to the case of " Attorney-Generalv. Dann," 6 Meas. and Welsby, 511, and a'so to Pothier's Introdu,zions to Casstosss, which laid down that principle. In the case of " Mounroe v. Munroe," 1 House of Lords cases, Lord Cottenham laid dow-n the same proposition, that there must be factusa to complete the inchoate act. It was not necessarv, however, to decide that point of law here, because evidence on the question of intention was altogether wanting, and it was quite uncertain where the testator meant to sette (if he meant to e-ttle at all) when he came to E3ngland, whether in England, Scotland, or on the continent, ecept the circum3stance of the natural love which Scotchmen have for their country. There was not therefore the substratum upn which to decide, and therefore his Honour must hold, as Sir John Leach held, that the domicile was Anglo-India, and that consequently the Crown were not entitledto legacy duty. ith regard to the costs, he should not follow the course he had pursued in "Cockrell v. Cockre3l," but direct the Crown to have its costs where it succeeded, but to give no costs where it failed. (Before Vicc-CzanceVor Sir W. P. WOOD.) k i sTE NIvTtm OF TnE ATnEBE EIJ:sE r.E nwSURA.CE - ~~~~COmJPAN-Y. This was a petition for an order to have this company dissolved and wound np, under the provisions of the JointStock Companies Winding-up Acts. Mr. RoLT, who appeared in support of the petition, said that as the respondents, represented by Mr. Selwyn, ohjected to alow its standing over, and had filed affidavits in the face of which it was impossible to bring the mnatter on, he was content that it should be dismissed. Mr SELWYd observed that the petition was one of the most impudent that had ever been presented under the Winding-up Acts. The society had ample funds, Large paidup capital, and no debts. Mr- AL D IEL represented a sha3reholder gwho had seen the advertisement, although he had not been served. He asked for an inquiry into the circumstances, and applied for his Mr. EH STEVEirS appeared to support Mr. Rolt, and said that if the petition could not proceed he must have his costs. After some discussion, The VIcEB-CEiNcEi.LoR said that unless some authority were produced as to the costs the petition must be dismissed with the costs of uchli parties only as had been actuully served, but no further costs.
AbTMI2RATJPV MTTR.T A&--ii 1 TnE GERASDMO. CLABr^ FOR RFfiTlTrlTIOR OF C (Before Dr. LIasmxaTnN-A Ihis vessel, under WaDachian colours, was captured at the Sulina mouth of the Danube by Her laljestys ship Vesuvius on the 19th of July, 1854, for a breach of blockade. A claim for the restitution of the cargo w.as given in by Ir. Cremidi, of London, on behalf of Messrs. Pava and, Co., who, it was alleged, werc subjects of the Ionian Islands. The case on behalf of the captors was opened on the 15th ult., and reported in The Times of the following day. Dr. ADDAMS, on behalf of the claimants, now said, that the suit commenced by the owner of the cargo calling on the captors to proceed to adjudication. The captors had been allowed to bring in futher proof to show why no steps had been taken to procure the condemnation of the cargo. As the case now stood he considered that the captors couald be regarded in no other light than pirates-not in the concrete, but in tho abstract. The first duty of captors was to bring in the ship's papers in a regular way, and examinethe w;itnesses. That was laid down in innumerablc cases, and bad never bhen dispensed with except for good reasons. The Gerasimo when captured was sent to Constantinople, but she might as wel have been rent to the Sandwich Islands. It was said that the cargo hadl been sold by consent, but the reason why consent was givan was this-the cargo was rotting, the ship was perishing, and the crew had been kept as prisoners for 9 or 10 months in a state of starvation. Nocommuissioner hadbeensentto Constantinopleto tako the examination of the witneases until 12 months after the vessel had been despatched there, and then the crewv were dispersed. He believed that the present proceedings were unprecedented, but several cases had occurred in wnich some analogy to them might be traced, namelv :-the " I Peacock and the Madonna del Burso" (4 c. Rob. 18, 169); the " Corier Maritimo" (1 c. Rob. 287) ; and the " Wilbehssberg" (o c. Rob.143). In these cases the vessels had no' been properly sent for adjudication, and t.he coart restorei them with costs and damages. 'Tlat was ihe invariable rale in such instances. The Gerasimowasarneutralship.proceeding with a neutral cargo, and was captured not on any suspicion of being an enemy, bat merely for a breach of blockade. The QuEEN's ADVOCATE contended that she was not a neutral ship, but a Wallachian, and WVallachia was occnpied by Russia. Dr. ADDAlis.-Then she was more than a neutral ; sbe was the property of an ally. The commissioner sent out from this country was to be regarded as a public officer, and ie had sent home 'he ship's papers. Eow did the case now stand on the non-examination of the witnesses? All tlat was said was that the exigencies of tUe service did not permit of the ships captured being sent to Malta, and where at the time there vwas no commiissioner sitting; but they were sent to Constantinople, where there was no one to take the evidence or the witnesses. That was not the fault of the neutral; it was the daty of this country to furnish a proper tribunal, and if it did not the captors must sustain the consequences. The only apology for not bringing in the ship's papers was still more mDeagre. In the affidavit as to ship's papers Captain Powel, the commander of the Vesuvins, did not swear that he was present at the capture. In the " Huldab" (S c. Rob. 235), the captors acted very meritorio-asly, and did evervthing in their power, but they could not proceed to adjudication ina regular way, and costs and damages followed as a matter of course. The claimant was called upon to-give further proof of the ownership of the Property, hut having bromeght in the bill of lading hedcosideredthatsutficient. w he cargo had sbeen released to the caimrant, on hail being given for its val e, and then it was said there was not subiident proof of ownership. The learned JUDGE inquired whether something had not been said as to breach of bockade? Dr. ADDrAS did -not conceive that he was caled upon to -answer that question. Let the captors prove that they had seat the vessel properly for adjudication. Dr. Twi1sa foilowed on the same sine, and submitted that, so far as ownership was concerned, it was clearly proved that the cargo was the property of the claimant. Thq cases- ci.ted by his learned friend proved that the property ought .to have been properly sent for adjudication. The learned JuDGz said, the difficulty was, whether the counsel for the claimant had put themselves in a position to argue that point unless they- first showed that they were entitled to restitution in some way or other. The owne-s, it was said, were Ionian subjects, but if they were resident at Galatz, as they stated twice over, and if Galatz was in the possession of Rnssia, how could they ma7e a claim ? Dr. Twrss called attention to the order in Councnl, G, dated the 15th of April, 1S54. -Galatz was not captured by an enemy. - The CouRT.-But if it was taken possession of in time of peace, and held during war, what would be the effect? Lf 'from the deficiencyof the arrangements of Government. voluntary or involuntary, or from any defect on the part of the captors, a neutral was denrived of his rights, they ought to he restored to him by the Cor;bt hnh ms ;i a situation to say that he was curt;but thenhomust be na of that lawv. aneutralentitledtothe benefit Dr. TwisS.-Then there was another question: supposing that Galatz was occupied by an enemy, he did not find that any of the papers were signed by. thae Russian authorities, and there was no mention of the town beinlg at that tim.e in possession -oE the -enemy. The -owners being resident for purposes of trade.at G;datz, w.hich was:then non-PRussian there was no diffliculty upon' the face of -the papers froml the :parties being resident there. . - -;: The QU7ENc'S AflVOCATh, in reply, said that, althon ish the owner of the cargo was resident at Gidiitz yet he v;oid not say when it was occupied or when at was evacuated by -the enemy, and even now hc declined to- swear that it was his property. War had been ragiD~g for months w hen thie ~vessdl was captured, and hovr 'onLd at le said- that the -owner of the cargo, having voluna-nbiy taken-up bia COU1muercial residence within the don7inioni7 of -1urbey, Txitkey being occupied by,, hostile force, waam a,tral?: -Tbc ship and cargo, whenacaptured., were not aa* ot ef tbe WaT la the captors, bult to the capita of nt7-eetntnp le Tho ca t was ordered to wine i prsof an to She ownership. of the j.=fey ii-bnt nn -h*a. eon podksb1.L Thea 'vremel WMA vather .zeAS to- ma' without. propir ships paperz, or they were destroyed heoekeeps b*eii~a~ itws .kmown that, if brought. forward,'they would con. deson her. -TMAwas £ iilemm3aKfrom'w1jV he i covl4mot escape. MA.ec&ae.cited on Us oherSide n a)lizat' &the remenI -.The CotraT rserred it judgmient. TIIZ GLiaGOW, OH~WS AMc&.. Th'is was -acauseof possession l)romoLted by Mr.-Toree; Macraw and her-presentwaierted owners. The bark, of the burden of 6U1tons,was said to haveleen purchxasedby Mr. Jones, in February, 1854 of Merssy Owen and Co., of St. JTohn's New ]lrumswicr, antd on the 16th of March in that eah %axeistere as the sole owner At -the Custom. 1'0U '3loo r' In the fo11owing - N'ovember she -wa's despatched from Newprt, under the comxmand of Capthij War, wtha crg o~ coals, to the island of St. ThomaIq 'with instructions to procec. thence to Savannah, and load a cargo oftimber forU£ve:rpool. She arrivedaztLiverpool oen the 25th of January 16t; undere the name of thze Yaj Macraw, andi Mr. Jones, inot being -able to obtain s,s mseson of her, Arrested hEir, andl instituted the -present pro. oeedings by an act on patition. In answer thereto theI present asserted owneors idleg6d that, in March, 1855, the bark arrivedI at Savannah, -bonsigned to Mesars. Runter and .Gommell;. that on the 2st; of April, having icomapleteda her loading, she sailed, bound for liondon, an&en the afternGoon of that day-, while at ancher near the mnouth of the Savan. nsah river,encountered a gsle which caused her to drag hier anchor, and she continued. striking-cery heavily abet o hank- until 10 n.m., when s'he came off. She after.woardas drove ashore* with botht amchors down. . After other disk asters-she again got afloat, when it was fOUnd-that`she was mlaltinga great deal of enLter, which increased to such an extent that ontho%2th of April the crew ref osed to go to qeaLinbher. A survey was; held, t'he -vessel wAs remaoved into the dry dock,, the cargo discharged, and a iecootd suvY took place, whiclh was followed by a -third, when the surveyors reported that in their opinionLit would cost mor to repr -and make her'seaworthy thin sh wuld, bewothafe the work was completed, and therefore recmmended thit she should be ,sold Lby auctioli for-the benefit of all concernied. After -the first survey letters were written by.Mes,srs. Hunter andi co., and by the miaster to Mr. Jones,'to inform him of what bed occurred. Further information wrasgivess to himn, but he made -noproa vision for the repairs of thte vessel or the expenses neoessa~ riy` ncrrd A bill, drawn by thLe mater on Mir. Jones foTr 44k ISsd., aud' negoitiated by Hu8nteer and Co., in 'Whose favour it was drawn for the disbursements of the veslIprior to sailing for hex destination, stiii remainedl unPaid, in addition -to which other advances had since bcen madis by thiem) which the masmter said heivas unable-to pay except by a sale of the ship. Unsuccessful attempts were miade to raise money on bottomry, andshe wasthent sold by Auction, and realisedl $3%,3O her ful -raine in her then condition. The Proceeds' W ere paid into the hands of Hunter and Co., who retained them in Part satisfaction of their claim. The purchaser.; repaired.her at an expense of $17,362, changed her name, andshe sailed for LIVeroo- LA reply was given in on the pzrt of Mx. Jones, which st'ated that Hunter andl Co. wvere siot the a-:msignees of -the vessel1 'width his privity; that the sale was expressy contrary to his instructions, and was unjustifiable andjillegal ;that the owners of the cargo had sincae brought an action against hi, to which he had no legal defence; and that he had paid the bill for 41Gf. 133. Id. Dr. Addlams and Dr. Tiwiss ware heard for Mfr. Jones; Dlr. Robinson and Dr. Ea-yford for the asserted owners. The Cous.T reserved itz decision.
COURT of BANKRUPTCGY, B=ng7-slrec AugusgL Mr. Commis ioner FoxnBLAquE disposed of the business of the day. A second-class certificate was granted to E. Morgan, provision merchant, Hastings. A formal adjounmment sine die was ordered in the casw of T. G. Watts, coal merchant, Manor-terrace, Chlipham, whose corpse was found in the Thames a few days after-his banknptcy.
INSOLVENT DEBTOR COURr, Auqwl 1. IN RE rERNJAArr- BrnrO TA'3n% (Before Mfr. mnm iqrsniP, 1Th1R^TV I This insolvent5 who had. formerly been an attorney in Wales, hut lately enlisted into the Laund TransDort Corps under an assumed name, applied to be discharged. It appeared that the only detainer against the insolvent (whose debts amounted to upwards of 5,0001.) was a writ of e2C crezt rmwne, issued fzom the Court of Chancery at the instance of Mtr. Broclonan, IL -P., who was an annuity credit)r, and who had taken that steP upon finding that the insolvent had joined the uind Transport Corps, aud was conseguently liely to hbe seLt to the Crimea-a proceeding which would vitiate the life policies which formed a col. lateral security for Mfr. Brook-mx's debt. The insolvent hadbeen in ctheodtysidnce )Cecember, 1855, and now peti-' tiha-,, as the petit'ion was faobundied rentirel' uon} thewrt ofe nIC care rcno, this Court had no jurisdiction to enteriainit The insolvent was slso under attachment for not appaig in Cancer, and from that penalty this Court could not relieehm Mr. MA&cr=Y, for the insolvent, urged that, as the order of the Court of Chancery was for a writ ofn n et regno, or for the insolvent to find security for the payment of or. Brocitzma'ns debt of 900., it resolved itself into a process for non-payment of monej', and therefore this Courthad .hIr. Commissioner lI1JRm33v, however,'-was of opinion hat he had no urisdiction to interfere. The insolvent counld 4ppy to the Court of Chancery, and as we were now at p.eace there would prolably be no difficalty about setting aside the wr.it. Petition dismi3sed. The CisraF Coniresosst ;-nd Mr. Comrlmissioner PaisIPS also sat to-day, and disposed oF a considerable number of cass, ut he rocedigs n tosecoutswere not of sufficisesnthpblicinterest to merit dOetealtedreport. Before the latter commissioner two insolvents, named S.5 WI. Pnugh and iF. 'W. Andrewes, were respectively remanded for six months for having contracted3. debts and liabilities without consideration.
sSrx A-,;ZE& NORTHERk bMRCUT. X .: - NIEWfiA25LE. ,JUIY23L - (Befkorc Hr. .Tadic W1LJM-asd a esi Jaer.) - 3f)oUUGAL.V.. URD.>;, . . .-; This was an iese i be rIRd yTvechanollor Sir W. Page Wood, to find whether De4ikk X'Doialaun Joeui VDougal were first cou xishA -nce 6erovo, tSo>n4 3 ohn WDlGopl; 'who died on -'the 15th of May, 18M ( , Inn ic, and possased cfpropsrty wortk about 25.M000 Mr. Vatson, Q.C., and Ifr. Mania a;ptead ior ti4 p Y S Q.G, 3r Q, O an M. tleo ppr t the defendt - - oa Itapparoed thiat the decesed, John M dDougal, was foranerly an underwriter -in o Lonohe m o and w aslelasnic f OafI years beforehi death in1854. The twro yiaintifi elin to be his next of kin and cousn s.onoe r.moved,acd ea titled to his property betrixt them. The defendant u o of many second cousins, and denied that the deceased had} any nearer relation, of the name of Wflougal; and in .cas the defendants eacceeded the property woul -be divi4d4 among nany second cousins. Toprove the plaintiff5 oase it was shown: that the '- proposit3s," one Ps.grck M'Douga'L lived in Berwickshire; and wasA*wi.- married* -he was first married in 1710, and left. issue.* by th14 marriage James, Patrick, snd John. Re was mnrned a second time, ia 1743, to Jane Dipo,- by whom he left a son named Thomas. John X'Dougal was descendae from .James, the eldest son of Patrick. Jaines estAblished himself at Wcoler, and used to carry apck. He died in 178L He left a son, John, who was narried. to Jane Kerr, and after various wanderings John set np as a draper a, Berwiclc, was sucoessful in business, and amassed some property. This John had five children, and the sUrr vivor of ihem was John the lunatic, whose property was now in guestion. One of the lunatic's brothers, a Jamee !Dongal, amassed a fortune, became an army surgeonr and, having risen to considerable sank in the army, became an inspectorofho_spitals; and thepl&intifilcase-was, that this branch of the family haviog thus risen had little communicationwith therest of the familyand ignoreatheir existence, profesmingthattheyhadnorelationsof thenameofMWDougaL The plaintiffs claimed as -the descndants of -Thouias, the youngest sonofthe " nropositnls,"Patrickl'Dougal. Thomas zettled at AInwick, ind was employed as a gardener under the Deke of Northumberland, and he diedin 1828, leaving two of his children snrviving him-Deyrickl born in 1791, who as nowr liing in Bosbon, in Ameaica> and John, barn in 1793, wlo was now living j Newcastle. These were the plaintiffs, and were first cousins, once removed, to the deceased lunatic. To establish their relationship various parish registers were pnt in, andseveraldescendirte of Patrick'vereexamined to show that they were treated and spoken of us relations;, and that the Berwick WDougals were also relations descendedl from Patrick. For the defendant various declarations of tEe deceased and of the BerwickM'Dougals to different-descendantsof Patrick and to others were proved, showing that the Berwick 31'Dougals always expressed themselves as having no relations of the name of !fDougal, and a letter from the deceased lunatic was pxt in by which he directed 16L a year tobe paid to a widownamed Young, a descendant of Patrick WDougal by one of his other sons, in which letter he described her as his nearest relation. It:apDeared that there were a number of other seeond cousine equal2y nearly related to the deceased with Mrs. Young, liviu abont Tweedmoutb, and North Sanderland, Gordon, and Spital, rmost of whom arn in very humble circumstances, ana s=me in greatpoverty, and under various names-among them 31'Dongals. To rebutthis evidence the learned counselin. reply contended that the Berwick Id'Dougals having got un, in the world chose not to know their-poor relatiois and not to aclnowledge them, according to the common rule in such cases, but that nevertheless it was a fact the Berwick )I'Dougals had many relations of the name of nlDouga., ancamong them-the plaintiff_; who were the deceased's nearest relations, being his cousins oice removed. Mis LOPSPsm having summed -up the evidence, The jury zetired, and, a_ter a short absence, returned awit a verdict for the plaintiffd. - '- This cause occupied the whole of yesterday and until- 2 o'clock to-day. His Lordship then tried an action on a chart-er party, the question in wiclh was as to the meaning of loading a Vese in the next turn. This case flniphed the assizes. Mr. Baron Bramwell -was occupied all day in trying a, running down case,in which there was the usaal conffictmng evidence.
WR.RT1RN (1TMmT BROlMITN WlWRlMnAV TTxT.7 ,O CROsoW COUP.-(Before Mr. Baron hIARTIN.) WilLam Nevan was indicted for the wilfulmurder of Ben jamiin Robinson, at Saltash, on the 1st of Jane. The prisoner pleaded "I Not Guil'y-accidenit." Mr. Collier anad Mr. Holdsworth were counsel for the prosecution, and lMr. Coleridge defended the prisoner. The circumstances of the case appeared to be these:-The deceased was seijeant-major of the guard cn board the Runnymede convict ship, andthe prisoner was a corporal undej him. For several months there would epnear to have beein a strong feeling existing in the mind of the prisoner against the serjeant-major, who was a smart and active oficer, aud he had found it his duty to remonstrate with those ander him if they neglected their duty, a:nd- amorg others he had found it necessary to remonstrate with tne prisoner. These remoustrances produced a strong effiect on. the minid of the prisoner, and he had been heard to say that if he found faultwiih him again he would put a bullet in his musket and put it into hir, and a dayor two before the transaction in question he spoke to Major Ra and asked him to alow him to leave the ship, as he could not sail with the sergeant-major; bua Xajor RusselL told him, it he did this be would lose his pnsion, and then he consented to remain. On t}g afterneon of Sunday, the lst of June; the sergeanti major had the men on parade, and examined their firelocks, &c. It was the duty of the men after this inspen_ tion to take theirIlelocks down below; they were lcadeld butnot capped. An order had beeniuedTtha only tbos who were on guard should have caps- oxi their pieces, and that the muskets should be -placed bn a stand upon the poop. After the inSpection on the afternoon oE the Ist of June, and after the other men had gone below, the prisoner for same reason remained on deckt with his frelock in his hand, and he was- seen, to put a cap upon it. The sergeant-major 'hetIdxthe prisoner to call a man named Sullivau. The. prisoner caLed Sallivan, who came up and went towards. the sergeant-major, who was on the poop. The prisoner followed Sullivan, and went uD the uoop ladder, and then placed his m3uset on his hip, leveUed itL at the serg,eantmajor, and fired. The ball struck the sergeant-major in the abdomen. He exclaimed, " Oh, Gad ! I am shot," and fell dead. The prisoner ran down the poop ladder, where he was seized. He sa.d, " Let me go, let me go, I have done it, but I was drove to it." The same afternoon the prisoner statedtoaninspectoroftheolice, "IfIdid it, it wassan accident; I did hOt knowvmygunweutoff atfirst. I' the hencoo. and Yent off by accident; but the seageat-mjortaeatened he would get my pensior taken awav. At the ti.e itm was done I was not right. At times I do not know what I do." The prisoner afterwards said to a rman named Richardson, " You have been th' cause of this." The above are the fact s as, proved in evidence by the witnesses wlho were called on the part of the prosecution. Mr. CoLERIDGs, in addressing the jun. for the prisoner, urged that the question was, with what intention tfe musket was fired, and he contended that 'the whole mat'ter was accidental-that the musiket was capoed and loaded in the ordinary way of duty, and that it-was dEhcargeI by being caught in the hencoop. It was not reasonably proved that the prisoner knew anything of thc order that the gmus should not be caDped, for Major Russell would not swear that the prisoner was present when the order was given, andit was admitted thatthe order had been given to prevent accidents But, even supposing the prisoner hbd heard the order, it was proved that til within a few days the guns had been kept capped and loaded, and it was unreasonable to 'supDose that from habit and forgetful of the order, he bad resorted to the old state of things, -and had at that moment capped his gun. Not one of the witnesses had presumed to say that the prisoner had taken aim. He was entitled to assume that what had not been proved could not be proved. If the prisoner wished to kill the sergeant. major, why had he not selected a time when no person was close to him ? If there was ground to believe there was conceived hostility towards the sergernt-major, then motfiv would be shown, but he contended no such motive had been proved-mere want of good kindly feelinng was not; sufficient. He cealled upon them no' to believe that the words sworn to by one witness, as having beea uttered by the prisoner, were spoken by him, becausn had he spoken them more than onewitness could have deposed to the fact. There had been a quarrel bctween the vrisoner and the man who had given his evidence upon. that point, and they had reported each other-to the major, and the prisoner had been upheld, and they had never spoken ti each other since, although it toolk place eight months sin ce. By the slightest cnange of words tho sentence mi"ht bear a totally different meaning, and' he quarrel which had taken place betwveen the prisoner and the witness was a sufficient motive forvaryug the expressions which had beeii used. There was no proof that t.he- scrgeant-majoj. had ever said a words abut his pension;* but Mjor-Russell had stated that he had uold him that if he left tLe ship he might lose part of his pension. There was nbn motive to commit this crine, but all motive was on the other side. Ho had his wife, -who had nearly beggazed herself -t defend him this ay, and he had his children. -e ihal also his character and his prospects, .and he had, therefore', every motive to deter him from committing such a crimU. They must say whether there was not reasonable doubt. " Till." said the learned counsel, "I hear yolur verdict I shall tak-e the liberty of thinking there is snch doubt, and if there be that doubt, leave him to the jndgment of- Z higher Power. If you have any doubt, lesve him his life' andifheisinnocenthehasarighttoit, andwhichwili be a sore burden, too heavy to baar, if he is not. Remembeei this is a case in which you can give no secondary-Terdict remember that if in this case you e the evidenae hat;iti is not, orstrain it in a single point5 yo may do that-man a cruel wrong which you never can repair, and which you may ±epentbbitterly all your lives re nmember- that Goad wll judge yoaas you jndge your feiow.ereatnres- emene that the same justice :ou, mete out to him will be metod-out to you, and! therefore-I say, do your duty accordin; to the law ; obserre your oaths, and I, at leasI, have nothing more to ask oEf yDu. You have solemnly sworn to make. a- fnr deliverance between the Qaeen andtflhe p390ner. . Yoa VavI solemnlly aworn to give a true verdict, according to the- en<dlenoe. 1 ask that verdlict at your hands, and may Qod s0 help-you here and hereafter Ms you rightly dicherthat Xnost solemn obligation to the prisoner, -upon w}hid yei have invoked #te sanction eE Hi snrt scerd nanae- -- Mr. Baeon 3&amItT then mmna du, eall mien t Jury to decide this importanlt ae entiiey t po C'li;
OXFORD CIR IT. MONMOUTH, FRIDAY, AUGUST 1. CIVL COURT. -(Before ,lfr. Justice WIGIxrrAx& and a Special Jwmy.) BRONV-5 V. THE NEWPORT-DOCK COMPANY. Mr. Keating, Q.C., and Mr. Gray appeared for theplaintiff; Mr. Alexander, Q.C., and Sir Thomas PhiIlps for the defendants. The trial of this action was concluded after the despatch of our report yesterday. The plaintiff, James Brown, was a coal merchant at Newport, and he brought the present action against the Newport Dock Company to recover damages for improperly removing the plaintiff's ship from its berth-the dock at Newport. Itappearedthat, by an act of Parliament, of the 5th and 6th o William IV., chap. 75, the defendants were incorpo. rated, and power given to them to enlarge and establish a dock at Newport, to take tolls, make bylaws, &c. The pub. lic were to be at liberty to use the docks, withoatany uPndue preference being shown; and, by the 139th section, the comrTny were liable, on conviction, to a penalty of 40s. for owing undue preference. In the present instance the plaintiff thought he had reason to complain of the company forimproperly removing one of his ships from its berth before it bad had time to load, im consequence of which he had been compelled to pay the sum of 161. for demurrage on the ship. The defentants removed the cause from the County Court to the Court of Queen's Bench, and now, in due course, the issues which had been raised on the record came down to be tried. It appeared that on the 14th of December, 1853, the plaintiff had chartered a ship called the Queen of Prnssia to take in a cargo of coals to be shipped to Spain. Tne ship began to load on the 20th of December, and on the 27th it was ordered out of its berth to make room for another ship named the Cinderella. In a day or two it got another berth, and completed its cargo on the 31st, but in the meantime the plaintiff had become liable, under the charterparty, to pay the captain 201. for four day's demirrage, and now sought to recover a portion of that sum-viz., lol., as damages for the improper removal of the ship. The ground stated at the time by the defendants' officer for the removal of the ship was that the plaintiff was occupying the wharves by several ships, but was not loading thens. The answer to tnis was, that it was Christmas week, during which the men were unwilling to work continuously i so that there was no unnecessary delay. The act of Parliament gave the dockmaster a general power to direct where and how vessels shouild be loaded. At the close of the plaintiff's case, Mr. AlzsXmERnw contendedthe action could not be maintained, on the ground that the 139th section of the act provided a penalty, and that that remedy only must be pursued. Mr. Justice WiGnrr.ukx said, it had been decided by the Court of Queen's Bench, in the case of " Couch v. Steele," that where a duty of a public nature was imposed by act of Parliament, with a penalty, a party injured by a breach of the duty had, by the common law, a remedy of action for the damage which he had sustained. Mr. AaxxAs\DEi endeavoured to distinguish that case from the present. He also contended, secondly, that the action should have been brought by the captain, and not by the plaintiff, between whom and the defendants there was no privity; and, thirdly, that the defendants were only answerable for acts dons by the dockmaster within the scope of his authority, and not for acts done mealdfide. Mhr. Justice WIG=-rsA?e said, it appeared to him that the only questions in the case were questions of law, which ho -hought had be.tter be reserved for the opinion of the Court of Queen's B,ench. Mlr. 1KTTiG and MEr. ALm xNDE both assented to this proposal. Mr. Justice WsIGHTvri then directed the jury to find a verdict for the plaintiff with 151. damages, and at the same time gave the defendants leave to move the Court to enter a verdict in their favour, or a nonsuitk on the points reserved. The learned Judge then proceeded to assist for the remainder of the day in the trial of prisoners. (Before a Common Jury.) cOTJSs V. STACE. Mr. Whateley, Q.C., and Mr. Phipson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Huddleston for the defend ant. The plaintiff in this action, S. E. Collis, was a gentleman of property, residing at Tarbot, in the county of Kerry, and he sued the defendant, Robert Stack, who was now prac. tising as a physician at Newport, in this county, to recover the sum of 1001. under the count for money lent. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and also the Statute of Limitations. The case involved no feature of general interest, except what the counsel for the plaintiff called the "mere ingratitude of the defendant." It appeared from the plaintiff's statement that, in the year 1838, the defendant, Dr. Stack, was about to remove to Dublin, and borrowed 1001. of his friend, the p'aintiff, to enable him to do so. He had not paidthe defendant up to the present lay though he had wrimten several letters in answer to applications for repayment, in which he expressed himself grateful to the plaintiff for his " generous loan," as well as for his for. bearance, andex laining whyhe had not renpaidthe defendant -viz., his inabilityto do so. The letters generally concluded with a request that the plaintiff would "Iet matters remain a little longer, and all would be right," and repeating " his assurance that he should be repaid his generous loan." At the same time the defendant stated his present inability to pay, and referred to circumstances which he hoped would enable him to do so at aftaure time. When the defendant was rerently applied to on the subject by a gentleman who called upon him to pay the debt. the defendant said "You can't recover, foryou will find I never mentioned any sum in any letter, and so I am all right." On the conclusion of the plaintiff's case, - 3Mr. HUDDLESTON submitted that there was nothing in the letters to take the case out-of the statute. Mr. Justice WIGUTASWN overruled the objection, and directed the jury to find a verdict for the plaintiff, but gave the defendant leave to move the Court to enter the verdict for the defendant on the Statute of Limitations. Verdict for the plaintiff for 1001. Mr. Justice Wightman then assisted in the trial of priMOnern. CRnSNAL COURT,-(Before M'r. Baron ALDERSON.)- William James, aged 48, gardener, was charTed with an attempt to fire a loaded pistol at Jonathan Beswick, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, and aloo to pre- tvent1,i slarul'aprzehension -on-theIst of Jnly,-156ja: 13. Smythies appearedforthoprosecuieon. Theprisoner 'Was undefended. p a It appeared that, on the st of July last, a constable went to arrest the prisoner for a forcible entrjy into Is brothers house, but having had a pistol presented at him with a, threat that he would he shot if he entered the house, he 'went away to fetch the superintendent. Beawick, the superintendent, theni went. to the house, and was similarly threatened-; hut he broke a window and entered the house. As he did the p'soner rushed at him, with a sword in one hand a-ge- hint-lock pistol in the other, and thnrs at him wih the sword. The sword vwas parried, 4ad passedt between the legs and througlx the trousers of the superintendent, who then wrenched the sword from. himn. The prisoner then, placed the muzzle of the pistol gas the abdomen of the superintendent, andttaed bthe trigger. The fhint struc firo, bat, fortunate y, the pistol did not go off. The gallant superintendent seized and secured the prisoner, took the pistol from him, and foueml it heavily loaded with. slugs, which wer produced in court. There was powder i. the breech and touehhwle, the priming having probably fallen out of the pan in theistrugge. On the superintendent saying. "Yen mus he a ery .wicked. fellowi to try to shoot me through c the body," the prisoner coimy observed, I only meant to shoot you through the legs."b This evidenoe was corroborated bi a farmer, who witnessed part of the transactien and heard the last observation. The jury found t'he prisoner-Guilty. pir. Baron AnEs Eso,n sentenced him to six yearsf penal seMrviUEe. His Lordship greatly praised the gallantry of Superintendent Besrick, and said. hwould order him a reward if Mr. cmytoese could show thatlthereowaso a statute owhc em- poweredhi tzoTI doin so. sedte= frteprsnr the regret to addthatthelearnedgentemanwas unable to fnd ay sch satut; w preumethe pollee autho. will not fail to do coin thisainstance. Peter O'Donnell, aged 26, sailor, was chargedi with the mnanslaughtLer of John Quin on thel15th of May last at 1Newport. Mr. Skinner andl Mr. Vauhan appeared for the prosecution ; Mr. Smythies defended the prnsoner. It appeared that on the night of the 15th of May, at a fair held at St. Woollos, Newport, a fight took place he. tween the prisoner and a man named Thomas Lulff. The dleceased John Quin came to Luff's assistance, and was in the act of lifting him up from the groundawhen ho was attacked by the prisoner. A fght then ensued between them, and in the fourth round an overhanded blow was struck by the risneron he reas ofQui, wichhad t-he effect of bzigin hi tothegrond.Blod -asimimediately seen to lowfro th deeasd, ho iedin 0 minutes. Two witeses woe t sein aknie n te risne'shand immedatey efoe o dal th ftalblw, ndhe wvas heard mnedaeylf the spot, but he -was apprehenddb ag body of people, who seemed disposed to exectsumr vengeance upon him, but t.he y werepeetdfo doing this rash act by th inefrne of the police. On a post 2nortenm examination it was foundathat a shrp nstumet ha peetrtedthre inches into the uppr artofthechstof hedecasd,who died from the Mr. ~n'ixs hvin addessethe uryfor theprisoner, Mr. aronaLnxsoysentncedhimto four yeatse penal servitude. The business of the assizes concluded at about half-past I this day.
1F:Olr. "TRCTVP C=ELSFORD. AUG. L (13eJore the Cnx BxnoS.) Jamnes lIenry Mfaryon, who was convicted of uttering a forged check, w;as brought up for judgment, and sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six calendar months. The Chief Baron, having got through the criminal business, proceeded to try the remaining common jury cases. WOROP V. THE EASTERN COUNTIES RAILWAY C031PANY. This was an action to recover damages from the defendants for having failed to convey the plaintiff at the time fixed by the company in their time bills. Mr. Hawkins was counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. BoviD, Q.C., and Mr. Sharp appeared for the comDany. El It appeared that the plaintiff resided at Colchester, and that he was summoned to attend the Chelmaford Quarter Sessions in October, 1854, as a juxyman, and he took a place in the train that was advertised to arrive in Cheln;ford at five minntes to 10 o'clock, which would have enabled 1dm to be in court in sufficient time to be sworn upon the jury. Inead, however, of the train starting at its prouer time it appeared that it was shunted into a siding, where it was detained for more than an hour, and he did not arrive at Chelmsford until half-past 12 o'clock, and during his absence he had been fined 40s., and he had to pay that sum. The present action was brought to recover that amount, on the ground that the company had illegally broken the contract they had entered into to convey the plaintiff at the time specified in the time-table published by the authority of the company. Mr. Bovun urged, on behalf of the defendants, that there had been no contract by them to convey the plaintiff positively at the timne specified, hut merely that they would ause all reasonable ex;ertion to do so. The cause of the delay on the occasion in question was, that an accident had occurred which rendered it impossible to use the down-line for a certain distance, and the down-trains were consequently compelled to make use of the up-line, and it was absolutely necessary, under those circumstances, to detain the train by which tho plaintiff was travelling in order to prevent accident. The COuFn BARON, at the close of the case, expressed his opinion that the plaintiff could not recover. In the first place, he did not think any such contract as the one alleged in the declaration had been made out, and, even supposing it had, it appeared to him that it was no undertaking to convey the plaintiff under all circumstances at the time specified, and that in the case of an accident, or any other unforseen occurrence, the company would not be liable for the train not arriving at the time specified in the tables. The plaintiff was therefore nonsuited, leave, however, being given to MIr. Hawkins to apply to the Court upon the point of law, if upon consideration he should feel justified in doiing so. (Before .l: Justice ELnB antd a SpeciaZ JTury.) LISTER AND ANOTIIER V. LUTHER AND ANOTIHER. This was an action against the defendants for having infringed a patent, or rathcr several patents, obtained by the plaint-ifib for the combing and preparing of wool. Sir F. T1hesiger, who was specialy retained, Mr. Bovil, Q. C., Mr. Lush, and Mr. WYebster were counselfor the plaintiffs; the Attorney-General, Mr. IL Chambers, Q.C., Mr. Hundnisrsh, and Mfr. Lloyd were counsel for the defendants. The cause commenced on Thursday morning, and to-day the Attorney-General opened the defendants' case. The trial is not expected to be brought to a close before lato today (Saturday.)
MfIDDL3ESEX SESSIONS, Friday, August L (Before r:r. PASuiEy, Q. C., Assistant-Judge, and a Bends of Aagistrates, at WVestmin.stecr.) The Court sat to-diay to hear three appeals by specia appointment. Benjamin Sharp appealed against a conviction by Mr. B. J. Armstrong and MIr. J. Montgomery for an offence under the Nuisances Removal Act. Mr. Bodkin appeared in support of the conviction, and Mr. Hodges for the appellant. After a short discussion it was arranged that, on an apWointed day, the Assistant-Judge should visit the spot near nanwell vhere the alleged offence was committed, the parties then to abide finally by the directions he should give, after hearing the counsel on each side. Thomas Strange appealed against a conviction of Mr. Selfe police magLstrate, for an assault. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. Metcalfe appeared for the appellant. There was no counsel to support the conviction. The comulainant, upon whose evidence the appellant was convicted, was a constable of the city polce force, named Manger, and,~the'case was,that, one day in June, the appellant, who is a grocer in Zoundsditch, committed an assault upon him rin a carrage on the railway, hetween Fenchurch-street and Stratford, of an indecent nature. The magistrate convicted the appellant of a common assault, and inflicted a penalty of 31.; and the present appeal was against that dvecison. After the leaTned Seijeant had addressed the Court, a great number of witnesses, including twvo magistrates and a barrister, gave the appelant the highest possble character for moralty and general good conduct for 40 years The 3agistrates retired to consider, and, fc their return, The AssCsurtha-Jtoda said, the question they had to determine vwas whether in law an assault had been comnmuitted on the prosecutor. The appellant had been convicted of a commzon assault orly,'and the opinion of the Bench w<as, that that conviction should be affirmed. The apeln was= assalt, the conviction -would be confirmcd, -with 40s. costs. The Other case was an aPPeal against an order in basta-rdy, which was of no interest.
POLICE. BOw-sTmEr.-John Pinlerton was hrou ht up ou remand, charged withhavinginhis possession alarge quantity of property, supposed to have been stolen. He wa's defended by Mr. Lewis, jun. The police had published, in the form of an advertisement in T7h Times, a list of the property seized at the prisoner's house by Sergeant Thomas. The result had been that some articles had been identified, but time was still required for further inquiries. Mr. Lewis did not object to the remand, bnt apDEed to have the prisoner admitted to bail. He urged that the prisoner's manner when Thomas came to his house was frank and open, and that he gave the constable every facility in the search. The prisoner kept about 40 or 50 common lodging-houses, and paid some thousands per annum in rent It was not to be denied that some of the people who lodged in those houses were thieves and prostitutes. These people sometimes neglected to pay their rent, and then defendant, or rather his wife, who was the real manager of the houses, wrould lock them out and take possession of their goods as security for the rent. It was in that way that these goods had come into the prisoner's possesson Mr. HEINRY said that Mr. Iewis might bring forward evidence to that effect if he pleased, after the case for the prosecution was closed. Ho should certainly not accept baiL The prisoner was accoredingly remanded in custoijy. A Prenchman named Joseph Ollmy, who described himself as a bootmaser, but declined to give his address or any reference;, was committed for trial ?or indecently exposing his person to two little girls in the Green-par. It was alleged that this had been going on for more than a year He denied the charge. YLuRwtcaoNE -Two men, nanied Barton and Jonem both of whom areupon "tickets of leave," were charged with -having,;on the samne morning, between 2 and 3 Aclock,-been- found in the garden of go. 6, Ridgmont-place, Hamppteadroad, their presumed object-being that of committing a rob. bery. The constables in the case were Cleal, 35_, Edwards, 28, and Bov, 83, allt of the S division. Housebreaking implements, consisting of a chisd, EsOme skeletonsandotherkeys, together with lucifers, &c., 'were found upon the pr soners. The MnoSTsrau, after a statement made with regard to the prisoners' previousR history, had no doubt whatever as to their feloniou;s intention, anad committed bo'vh of them to hard labour fer three months. - SOuTAr,n_--John Stacey, a beershoo-keeper, of Little Torrington-street, Torrington-square, and"William Simpson, alias George Flatman, respectable-looldng men, well known on the turf, were brought up from Brighton, charged with uttering a forged 51. Bank of England note, at the Brighten Xailwvay terminus, London-bridge. The note in question is a fe-siileof nuberof orgd S-noes which, have recenStlybeen de tecUtedeirn ttfhe hgaends of suspicious characters. Stephen Richard Jones, a booking clerk in the employ of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Cosispany, said, that he was at the pay window of the London-bridge terniinus on Tuesday morning, issuing tickets for Goodwood. The train was a very long one, and, just as he was about to close the window for the starting of the train, the prisoners camnerashingup and called for two tickets for Goodwood. He supplied them, when Stacey handed him a R.-note to take for them. Witness gave hitn four sovereigns, and tht remainder of the change in silver, when they went away together, and entered the railway carriage, As soon as they were gone witness examined the note, and, having some suspicion as to its genuineness, he took it in to one of the officers, when he was recommended to take it to the Bank of England. He did se immediately, when the Bank authorities pronounced it to be a forgery. On his return to the railway, Inspector Carpenter was communicated 'with, and a telegraphic message was forwarded to Brighton, where the prisoners were detained, and taken before Mr. Beggo, the stipendiary magistrate. Witness was positive as to the prisoners having uttered the note produced. Inspector Carpenter, H division, said, he received infornsation of the occurrence, and caused the prisoners to be detained at Brighton. On his arrival there he asked Stacey 'where he got the note that he had passed to last witness. He said he had received it the day before fromi a servant girl from Gower-street, near his house. - The other prisoner said he knew nothing of the note he was a lodger of Mr. Stacey's, and was going with him to 6oodwood Rvaces. Witness took him before the magistrate at the Town-hall, Brighten, when the depositions were taken, and, in consequence of the note being uttered in Southwark, the prisoners were sent up to tnis court for further examination. Be wished for a remand to enable him to produce further evidence. The prisoners 'were remanded until Wednesday. George Blinks and Edward Vine, two lads ahaut 15 years of age, were charged with stealing a cashbox, containing upwards of 203 sovereigns, the property of Mary Blinks, the mother of the first prisoner. Joseph Blinks said that he was a lighterman, and resided with his mother, who carried on business at Nlo. 188, Tooleystreet. George Blinks was his brother, and also lived in the same house. 'Witness managed his mother's business. On 'Wednesday afternoon he saw her cashbox, and it contained about 230 sovereigns, and it was kept in his mother's bedroom. On Thursday evening it was missed, and, from information he received, he spoke to his brother George about it. He at first said that two boys had got over te back 'wal, and had stolen the cashbox out of his mother's room, and afterwards he said that he got his mother's keys, unlocked her door, and brought the cashbox downstairs, and that Vine snatched it from him, and handed it to another lad named Walsh, who ran away with it. He then told his mother of it, and gave his brother into custody. After that Vine was apprehended, but the other lad could not be found. 7Mr. CommsE asked where his mother was? she was the proper party to attend, as she placed the cashbox in her bedroom. Witness said that she was too unwell to attend, owing to the loss and his brother's bad conduct. John Day, 101 E, said that about half-past 10 o'rlock at night he was called in to take George Blink-s into custody, charged with being concerned in stealing a cashbox containing 2001., the property of his mother. When going to the station-house he said that two boys rushed out of his mother's house with the oashbox, and threatened to Murder him if he made any noise. He said Vine had the cashbox under his arm at the time, but he did not know the name of the other. Polce-constable, 134 M, said he apprehended Vine, and when confronted with Blink-s at the station-house, he said to him, "Let us tell the truth; you know it was Walsh 'who stole the cashbox." Blinks said, "Yes; r brought the cash-box from my mother's room, and-Walsh snatched it irom me, and ran away with it." Mlr. CosinE asked whether the cashbox or any of the money had been found?9 The offlicer replied in the negative. They reqvired a remand to apprehend Walsh, and for the attendance of MIrs. Blinks, 'whoheard her son say he stole the cashbox and gave itto'Vne. The prisoners were remanded until Wednesday next. LAssnnTiL-Eumile Delvaux, a Belgian. described as having no oceupation, and residing at the Exeter Hotel Strand, Mr. A. l'Pherson, a gentleman of property, and Sarah l\I'Pherson, his daughter, wrere charged dith the follovwing robbery at the Crystal Palace. r. W. Cu tter, optician, said that he had a counter at the Crystal Palace, and that en the previous (Thursday) morning the prisoners caine to his counter and purchased various articles to the amount of 16s. They cameagain in the evenin, 'when, whiletheywerethere, hesawthepsoner D plva utthis hand inhispocket. Upon the prisonersleavig he missed a bracelet) a cigar case, and one or two other aticles. He called one of the constables to his assistance when they went after the prisoner. On getting up to theni a cigar case was flung Away, as he believed, by the prisoner Delvaux, who could not speak E3nglish. A blue hracelet and a scent bottle were found on him. Boliceman White, P 36, saidthat he called at the Exeter Hotel and found that Mr. M'Pherson was an owner of nmines, and a most respectable man. Ar. M'Pherson staid that there could be no intention on 'he part of Mr Delvaux to steal the articles. They were all a little excited, having been drinking champagne. Mr. Delvaux wan mostrespectably connected in Belgium., where his relatives resided. One of his brothers was an advocate, another a clergyman, and most of his family were in good circumstances. The prosecutor observed that robberies of a similar nature had been frequent at the Palace lately. Ur. ELLIOTT said that there was no cane against Mr. M'Pherson and his daughter, who were discharged. The prisoner Delvaux was remanded on bail.
ELEVATION OF MiR. STRDT TO THE PEMERAGE.- The elevation of a manufacturer to the peerage, in the person of Mr. Edward Strutt, is an event which may justify some comment, if only to save the honour thereby intended to the manufacturing interests which predominate in this locality from being classed with pearls cast before swine. Analyzed by a philosopher of the Diogenes stamp, the event is trivial enough. It would be easy to resolve it into a new robe, a new coronet, and a new name, and to declare, with democratic austerity, that it is not worth two thoughts from any sensible man. We cannot acquiesce in this curt verdict. In that queerly constituted thing caled Eng2ish society the aristocratic principle has more than a conventional existence; it has real lIffe; it corresponds to sentiments so long cherished in the bosom of Englishmen that they have become a part of our nature. It is not a draped fiction, but a veritable power, working for good or evifthroughallranks-from the cellartothe th-one. Whether we like or dislike it is no matter; there it is, doing its work for us and our prosperity. The creation of a per is an event of some political importance to the nation. It would be if he held his dignity only for life, but it is far more when he transmits it to his descendants. The road to the statute-book lies through the Houso of Lords. The Commons may be as patriotic andas diligent as themost exacting critic conld desire; but atpresent thair patriotism .nd diligence would be of no avail to the nation if their labours were not seconded by the hereditary legislators in the Upper House. To create a peer is to invest a line of men with irresponsible power over the Legslature for, it may be, half a dozen centuries ; to give them, fres from any direct check from the nation at large, the right of passmg bad measures or rejecting good ones, without a tithe of responsibility to any tribunal save their own interest, judgment, or conscience. Such an act is important, we might almost call it solemn. If we accept an hereditary peerage as one of the legacies of the past, and, instead of advocating anorganic change, are willing to leave this institation to the modifying influence of time, it behoves us the more anxionslyto watch the principles which guide the Royal prerogative in repairing its dilapidations and perpetuating its influence. It is as anufacurer, and to mark the interest which tlhe Queen takes in the manufacturing pursuits of the country, that Mfr. Strtt is metamorphose into Boon Belper. As such it is a graceful and a prudent act. It shows a whoe appreciation of the signs of the times. It marks the Surrender of feudalism to industry. It is something for those wlho claim to be regarded as the descendants of the mailed barons of England to admit into their order a man who not only has made but is making his fortune by spindles and looms;* and if they would have felt some reluctance to take such a step themselves, it is well for them that their mistress knows better. There is a vast deal of tinsel about the House of Lords. The titles of its members answer the useful purpose of hiding very plebeian names. The descendants of the old Norman barons disappeared long ago, and the men who fill their places and exercise their prerogatives are Brown, Jones, and Robinson in disguise. Nor can anything be moreJabsurd than the aristocratic aversion from manufactures. Lord Belper is the first " milovwer" who h2s been elevated to the peerage, but a considerable number of noble lords have long been quite wiUing to co-operate with our manufacturers and ket their money. Perhaps they would be ashamed to take a turn vith an overlooker among the looms, but they have no objection to supply our factories with fuel, and carryour goods to the market. The growvth of the population has immeasrably increased the value of everyr6ntrooUinthe kingdom. "Withscarcelyany exception," says the late Mr. Porter, "the revenue drawn in the form of rent from the ownership of the soil has been at least doubled in every part of Great Britain since 1790." To all practical intents, every ti'led landowner is a direct partner in the manufacturing operations of the country, from which alone his estates have derived their increased value; to say nothing of the high-born holders of railway scrip who can be bribed by the prospect of good dividencds into the ple'belan crowd of builders and barterers. But, though the exclusive pretensions of the peerage, its mythically ancient lineage, and its hands untainted with vulgar gain, are sheer fictions, it is not the less true that they have been proudly cherished, and none the less gratifying to see them giving way to common sense. Such a change is eminentlyprudential. The worst enemy of the peer-ge could desire nothing better than the perpetuation of the ancient schism between land and commerc, ploughs and spindles. If the House of Lords is to zetain its present position inthe Legislature, it can only be by absorbing into it the representative elements of every social power, and the chief power of this country is its commerce--ManckWt .Saminer.
-MM-TTA1:Y- AND .A jNVAL -ITBUIGM70B.E -The 20th ard 97thZlgimenti are ordered to be q artered in Portsmouth garDoEO and wil proceed there on the 4th I inst.; both i are-C meau regimeaent. The 3d Battalion of the Rifle Brigade piOceeds from Portsmouth to AlderShott - the depOt proceeds to Fort Coaberland, near Portsinoth. The22d RegimentleaveiPoatsmoath forHaslar Barracks, Gosport. A company of Sappers prooecds from Woolwich I to Cole,orBEarrackls, Pcrtsmouth, andihe depot battalion igoes to Parkhust, Isle of 'Wight. On Thuixsday 8 officers and 246 men of the 96th Regiment embar?ked at Kingstown on board the Cleopatra screw steam-transport, in.which they wiUl be conveyed to Gibraltar; also 2 officers and 114 men of the 15th Foot embarked on board the 'same vessel fcr the same destination. The wives and children of a certain numberof the men accom. pinied themn, in accordance with the regulation or the sermce. Five officers a.nd 126 men of the Sappers and Miners also embarked on board the Cleopatra, for the Cape. The reserve companies of the 17th Regiment, unaer comnaand of Captain Di er, arrived in Limerick from hMalta on Monday, accompanied by the Assishtnt-Surgeon of the 63d Regiment, who has been ordered to do duLy on the staff -with the medical s'aff of the depot battalion in that sarnson. Her Majesty's ship Himalaya, Commander Priest, landed 1,eo of the British loreign LegionatPoremouthyesWday who proceeded to thu camp at Browndown. Her Majesty's ship Sanspareil, 81, Captain . C Xey, C.B., left Portsmouiah yesterday morning for Plymouth. The Lord Londeciborough transport, lTo. 21, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the Crimea with stores. Her Majesty's ship Gorgon, 6, Commander Towsey, left Portsmouth yesterday afternoon for the eastward, with supernumeranies. Her Majesty's ship Princess Royal, 91, Captain Gifford, was taken into the steam basin for repairs yesterday; and the Colossus, 81, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, was taken out after repairs. The screw steamship James Watt, 91, Captain Talave-ra V. Anson, in tow of the paddlewheel steam-frigate Valorous, 16, Captain Claude JE. I. Buclde, from Spithead, arrived at Plymouth on Thursday. The London, 90, Captain Wiiam IL Jervis, was towed from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Thursday, and her crew unbent sails; sheis to be pail off. The paddlewheel steam troopship lDee, 4, Commander Thomas C. PulIen, 7ient into the basin-dock at Devonport on Thursday to discharge machinery for the paddlewheel stearm-sloop Buzzard and other shilps in that port. The paddlewheel ateamvessel Alban, 4, Commander the Hon. William B. Da Blaquiere, left Plymouth on Wednesday evening for Portsmouth. The Edinburgh, 60 gans, screw steamship of 600-horse power, to be commanded at Sheerness by Captain Halsted, in charge of the steam squadron of reserve at that port) arrived there yesterd'ayat 1040a.m. She saluted the Commander-in-Cbief's flag and took in her harbour moorn'gs. The officers and men belonging to the steam reserve are ordered to be immediately transferred to her from the Formidable, 84 guns, guardship of ordinary, CaptainSuperintendent John Jervis Tncker. By a private letter from China dated the 21st of May the Hornet, l7gans, screw steam-sloop, Commander Charles 0. Forsyth, returned to Shanghai on the 2d of May from a cruise in search of pirates, and on the 21st of the same month sailed thence with despatches for Commodore EMliott and the French Admirral, who were cruising off Ha-odadi, Gulf of Tartary. The Terrible, 21 guns, paddlewheel steam-frigate, was yesterday paid off at Sheerness. The Admiralty steam-yacht Vivid, Master-Commander Mugford, retarned to Woolwich yesterday morning from Dover. The Vivid bad been ordered down the Channel for the purpose of cooveying bis Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia and family from Dover to Ostend. In consequence of the Princess's desire to visit the Goodwood races, the transit of the Royal personages and their suite was accomplished in two separate trips. On Tuesday night the Vivid left Dover at midnight, having on board the Princess of Prussia and the Princess Louise and suite only, and made her way through a dense fog, which enveloped the ship the whole voyage to Ostend, -where she arrived at half-past 6 a.m. The Vivid immediately returned to Dover, and embarked at midnight the Prince Frederick and his attendants. The opaque atmosphere, which ha-. re. tarded the speed of the vessel on her former trip, had now considerably brightened, and the Vivid anchored at Ostend at 4 45. Before leaving the vessel his Royal Eighness expressedhis appreciation of the attention and kindness he had experienced on board the Vivid, and presented the commander with a magnificent diamond ring, bearing a shield, with the initials in Gothic letters, " P. P.,,, srmounted by tho Prussian crown encircled in a wreath, the whole being set in bri31iants of the finest water. Ms Royal Highness, on taldng leave, handed MXaster-CommanderJ Mugford the sum of 301., which he begged might be distributed in his name among the crew of the Vivid. Yesterday Captain Clevelanu's company (from Aldershott) of the Royal Artillery, No. 2, of the 3d Battalion, consisting of Capain Noble (who is to relieve Cantain Robinson, militarysecretary to the Governor, Sir George Grey, at the Cape), Second Captain Stirling, Lieutenants Strange, Barlowv, and Rooke, and -Assistant-Surgeon O'Halahan, 20 non-commissioned officers, 100 gunmers, and 80 drivers, with detachments of non-eommissioned officer6, artificers, and ganners of the 4th company 5th battalion and the 4th company of the 8th battalion, to reinforce companies already there, left head-quarters, Woolwich, and embarked on board the Royal mail screw-steamer England, 1,150 tons register, Lieutenant A. D. Dundas, I.N., Commander (f. S. Lindsay owvner), for the Cape of Good Hope. The sailing freighi,hip John Barrow, in the London Docks, is being laden with ordnance stores and goods from Woolwich for Halifax. The freight-ship Choice, also in the London Docks, is shipping a cargo of saddlery, carriages, mortar beds, gun cariages, carts, &a., from Woolvich for Algoa Bay. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty -Captain C. F. A. Shadwell, C.B., tothe Highflyer; Commander H. J. Paby, to the Medusa7- and Commander W. T. Bate, to the Act-eon; John J. Ball, master, to the Blenheim; J. S. Hill, master in command, to the Tyne; Midshipman H. J. Dyke, to the Briliant; John Cotton, surgeon, to the Inflexible; G. J. A. IWCulagh, surgeon, to the Cruiser; Robert C. Scott, to the Fury; and John Bremner, clerk, to the Brilliant. iLITIA AND YEOMAIRY. The lst Devon Militia was disembodied at Exeter on Wednesday.Onthedayprevioustheofficers,inconsiderationof the good conduct of the men of theregiment duringthe period of its embodiment, now upwards of a year and a-half, en. tertained them at an excellent dinner, which was provided ir. the Higher Market. Lieutenant-Colonel Drewe presided. The men were addressed in kind and encouraging terms by severai of the officers after dinner. The Worcestershire regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry was dismissed by Maor the Eiaht Hon. Sir J. S. Pakington on Thursday, after eight days' permanent duty at Worcester. There was a grand field-day on Wednesday at Kempsey, near Worcester, when the regiment, which is nearly 800 strong, was inspected by Colonel Wilkie, of the 10th Hussars. An immense concourse of people assembled on the occasion, and among therm were lord Lyttelton, Lord Ward (colonel of the regiment, who left Worcester on Thursday for St. Petersburg), Lord Southwel1=Lord Sandys, Mr. H. HL Foley, AP., Hon. Dudley WVard, &c. The inspecting officer spoke in the most flattering manner of the efficiency of the corps.
THn Co;svEcv WmWn rmA Dovm.-The friends of this prisoner, now under sentence of death in York Castle, for the murder of his wifo by sirychnia at Leeds, are making strenuous efforts to obtain a commutation of the sentence passed upon him. On Thursday Mr. Barret, of Leeds, the prisoner's solicitor, proceeded to London, -with the view of obtaiing an interview -with Sir George Grey on the subject, Mr. Ieorge IXeinhaTdt ana M r. John Brigg left Leeds for London last night for the same objeet. It is anticipated that an interview will be granted this day (Saturday), and it is intended that a deputation shall wait upon the Home Secretary, whose attention will be directea to a mass of evidence, bearing on the question of the prisoner's sanity, and to four memorials which will at the same time be presented through him to Her M- aesty. These memorials will consist of one from the jury, one from persons who knew the prisoner prior to his conviction, one from some of the medic&l men examined forthe prosecution, and one of a general character from residents in Leeds, Yorl, and elsewhere. These memorials pray for a commutation of the sentence of death passed upon the prisoner, on the ground that he is of such -ear intel1ect as enti.tles him to the lemency of the Crown. We understand that on Wednesday last a letter was zeceived from the Home-office by Mr. Worley, surgeon, in -which SirGeorge Greyholds outno hopes of eithera respite or a commutationi of the senteice, and, unless the result of the interview tQ-day should be of a more favourable character, there is little doubt that the prisoner will be executed on Saturday next. On Sundav Last Mr. Morfitt% one of tbe, York city missionaries, 1i5d an interview -ith Dove for two or three hours, and on Tuesday he visited him sgain. On Monday a gentleman who was to have married Dove's sister had an interview with him. He has also been assiduously attended dur-ng the week by the ltev. 3. Hartley, Wesleyan minister, On Wednesday Mr. Wrightt who has a general order ~from the Secretary of State to visit criminals like Dove, saw and conversed-with the culpr-it ontvo ocr three occasions itintervi, Dove seems still to confide in the defence set X p in his behalf at his trial. At any rate he hasnonotionofon. fe@sion.
SAIncs OF Carcn nT IREs.A2D.-A blue-book' recently published, contains certain tablies showing the number of persons committed or held to bail for trial at the nssizes and quarter sessions in Ieland in the year 1855, wita therresulteofOtheproaeedings. The n 9mber cofncitted CO hailed last year exhibits a falling off o n 2,776 personssa comwared ith 1854, the number in that year having been 11,7SS, and in 1855 only 9,012, equal to a reductionog 23..55 per cent. This decrease of coanittaLs exrtends t every county except five-viz., those of londonderry, aers managh, Sligo, heath, and Leitrim. Kl->enny and Gala tons saLo e.xhibit an increase. O' the 9,012 offences come initted last year, 2,16S were against the person,- 6h5 againsl prouerty with violence, and 4,018 against property gethoUt violence, S9 maicidous offences agfainst property, 137 offences Ugntdr the currency las, and 1,3 miscehbaneous. Offenceas against the person increased in 1855 by s .539 pe cent., an: infaltheother offences a decrease is apparent. unader ehooting atsand stabbing, incitementtomurdef rae anda saults have all increased. IJnder the second head,tae onlyt offences reported on the increase are sacrilege and burglarya Iith violence to2 ersonsD. lobbery has declinedrgenert inder She tid classt , throp rines c hich exhibit d n increase are horse-stealing,larceny by servants,and stealing6 lettcrs Ibatihas itchesas i nghoffin the1 mneof "aSsemblTho armed unlawfully," and asults on revenue offi 4 erset regards the more serious offences (throughout a reuands, the numbersohsre graduallt declhned irom 1 - n1t 1,303 (in 1855). Of the 9,012 committed or bailed for t2r lastoyearn5,20 wnere convicted, eqnsl to 67.92 pr cent, Which is below the proportion convicted in 181e, 15 n 184, buten excess of thosaoin 1849,o1850,r 1 R53. nt acquittals]astyear amomnedto 7i92a or 8er cent. har the commcitmnents, including 1,882 Xabslolute .0Sqnetcnts. oig persns wrere sentenced to de1ath en 1855 les ro 0 re3p oeiv tincLwz, 48 TM ea cevulde; oy 3,S to1 varous d etherms of Iu orio2mpent, and 61 ere fened, whipped, orinisnfim-g Sone of the capital sent^ences were executed, the penalt 2,993 females were coranmitteed Last tehi ili mls h It appears that educatio7i is progsn to some extelnj among that portion of the population wEich supplie the imnmates of gaols as, in -1849, the pr ortima thfat could reaid and write amounted to-but 17.68i per cent, on the comid initials, 'while, an1855, 23.14, or nearly one-fourtf ofthi entirenumber, had arrived at that degree oZ r E the proportion of those who could "read only" hadt A.° zern. The females are far niore illiterate in ireland thm themales. Of 9,012persons committed 731 wejeUndeI eanof ge 1,55between 16 and2l, 2495 between 21 ab bewe 60an G, and 9S aboveo 60 years ofaE T portionof persons committed to teop as-of males I in 530,. and of femae lii3 Ii gratifying to notice the reduction iathe nber of nllX .12 years old and, under.
SALES BY IU( CTION. Iilington.-Select and very secure Inrestments.-Seren genteel RezE decres. - 1V[R. ORPWOOD) will SELL by AUCTION, at the7 Mart.on Wednesday. Aug.13, at12. in si lots, es,4. 5. and 7, Oxford-rosad andl2. 14,16. and 5,(eSelend-rA llinglo. Terms. 26 sears: ground ren;,o trifling; annual Talue, £247. May be viewed by permznlou of the tenants, and particulars obt BIined at Mr. Orpwood's auction offlces. Atillery-ptrse. Elneb ry-sre and the Mart. To lineodrape rs. Silk llerces. 1o3iers, Ac, MR. WALTER BURTON will SELL by AUC- TION, at bis Iooma. 3. Broadway. Lodrathil. on August 7. at 11 precisely, thre sToaE of a LT'E DRAPR, &. comprising calicoes. prints, cobarg, alpse flannels, shawls ticls robes, rich silks, ribbands, hosiery, lace, glove. Ihaberdshers. kc.. all in good condition. On view Wednesday priortrom ln0t ".en a lognea mnay be beid at tbe roomns, orhy poet on auppication. Pe7emplery Sale. -No. 17. F'ort88p1veeL Connauzht-square. MR. GEO. DEEKS will SELL by AUCTION, on ot th AlyEoB P ern°sm onTuresday. AnDgpnstS.u ait 12 f ,r 1. alolt s steads, mattresses capital feather beds andbeddin,g. chests of drawers. wash-stands and fitting, seo of eight mahogany chair conch, oo and other tables, carpets, chimaney and dreudng glaise, and other effects. On v-ew the day prior to sale. Catalogues on the premise, and at the auction and esate oficeA, 26, Alhion-etrect. Hyde-park. Houuseholdd Furnitur-e.ub and Marqueterte Cabiets, PFrench iUojeks Berlin Bronzes. Pictures, and various Effects ]MrESSRS. BULLOR -will SELL, at tbeir Rooms, ~a211, h Heilborn THIS DAY, at 11. an assemblage of useflt andclegantFU1R.NIpRUlBE: pev fiue plite lasses, nearlynew carpets, a noMe actof mnodern dining tables 15 by 51. several dra3wing room suites, ldies' wrardrobe with Z1s door. bedsteads, and bet room fittingsof a swglartablrscter. bookcse, writing thles and secretnires, sad generl famishing requisites, May ho viewed, and catalogues had. Music sad Musical InstrLumtent pUTTICE and SIMPSON, auctioneen of literary propert. will SE.LL by AUCTION, at their great Boom. l9l. Piccadi ly, n Tuelsdy, August Si a large CO:LLEUCTION of MISCETJLANOUS MUSIC, anietnt and moderm. 5,010 recently pubbLsbed pieces, do, the in3struRnts include pianoforte3. harp. by Erja., six fine musIcal boxes.patent flut4, by Card.Tviolins of Sigh character,.by Amail, Gaglianmoe . Catalogiues will be sent on receipt of two stamp3. To Btildero. Ironmongers, 0f1 andOolo r Merchins,. andothers.-20 Reglster Stores, Four tonns ar and other Iron. 24 bas WNails and Spikes.OilColours,and Vrnishes, and about 50lots of Hounseold i R .PEAI{E is oc'dered bymthe Executors to SELL by anC vlo uablets toms.io nlsy-Ur. Sout on Tuesday, AugStS o'cloco in the aver inle by of ot th tMortgage of nder a po ter of aaJob THE valuable Ground Rent, of ii a5s. per annurn, T and the reversionsry interest, in tbh raek resin of cnt1 taM., producing 1tb IVe, oer annutm, the term of which expires in h8 i r situate in Cook`&-buildings necar theHalf fdoonkTaveru.joser Richmoud-reed. Particulars mayboas oafor.Hul,informL.torns-h o "n . of the auctioer Pney, Srrey. eer, 1 P tr ci TCotractEorLEgus. aren ad thetprs.-Ext£etnsv onle of Hores,ans, Crts aan, rd Carts, six Horses, Tar. pawiin Sheets, Ho .do. e GEO LE W begs to snake known that he WIIISELL by AUCTION, at 3means. Hicks and Brigg Yard. se orde-ireet, iClerkeelngl, removed for the ooncenjence of sale, on Tusd August, chL o37. at 12 tortI precisely, tho valuable and extensive EFET faCITY CARMAN; includingr fear nearly-new vas, the whole of the rigging complete. 14 capital carts, ehaie. six useful horses, varlons fittin in forms, tarp.wldng, o,. on view. Catalogues at the Yard. and of tIe auctioneer. 13, Fore-street. 7itr. Beork-shlre.- otele Resiad3encDle,ilcy, near Maidenbead- AUGUPREEO -will SELL by AUCTION, on AlJCursda rAugut 7t at the Town-hall, Maodenead,at 3for4, a smanl SIT, DOe ESTATE. comprising a convBOnent briclk and tiled ootage residence, desirably aituato near the church and river Thamnes. fire miles from Windsor and onea from Igaidenbead, conisisting of entrance pasag two od parlours. four bed rowom, two kitnhens, andl other otBeis, including the, fixture., slicing and soft water, twostall stable, chaIse-house sawd other buildings. gDool garden, and stable yard with side entrancet Printd o partictilar and caondiions of sale maybe had ofthe auctioneer, taiaidenbead. At Garraway's.-Aii Oppruiywic edmocus-msco Plant and rinexnired laeo h rmss iut No. 7, Great Garden-street, Whi e a etely 8htted-up Sugar-buems eapable of refiningl at I inns eree. A UGUSTUS SMIHi nt'tedoSELb -3. AWUCITON. in the sove wiom on T y Augu st in one lot, the superior PlamT Enieho,, so c te thatdth game may be put to work in 12 hu geThe w the unexpire leasfe. It in sedom that so cmact e a house isubmited forsale, and in sgarretinexpiand ctit o exirSordint y ad vantage Orp had parFrom, in. copr, Esy. atcountant 13, George-street, anso-oneer the au eer 33, Bucllershury. city. or 255. oo Blctarh.brOdge goree-inne-oley, Wiason-street, Snat. eonrds, Shoredilteb, liddsex.o -Fehlarprty. 31RU. W. T. ATWO ilSLL by AUCTION. at , os uon FuayhAg.15, at 2, by direction of the Executors amnd vTu eoE oF sir. otet ns.is oft te n's7arsm, MoIrtlake, FIVEFiIE1HOLDI) DW situate and being hoe.1, S. 4, 5, and 6. Fore anshidin;;:, Horse-sho-le,S.Loaes Shoredfitch with a worsh adjoining. Thewole nroc a reco rentalofabout £126 per annuo. the a prer n leased to Bsr. Foreman for a term Islin .ngth ember,15, at a- ground rent of £25 per annum. abveebapiato otetnns and particulars had of e nn court, r at the Mart r or of Mr.v .ld agent,Morttake. Surrey. M inethehiirs.-Vale o;f -etnoiB r ONO,at the Oakley Arms, Tansbwlclb, in August. (unless previously disposed of by prwivae contract,l c ost valuable mFreehold Estate, situate in the far171'famedvaleofFestinsoc. oa relgof tbo frmscallev D G ravon. BronaMo Dd, comPrising acbout 700 acres.iore or lees, in the parlshesaf Mantiorog and Festiriog. There are nearly 110 acres of thriving oak andother plantations on the estate, also seeral-beautiful estes for building purposes, and extensive rights of commons. The river Twrog runs through part of the estate, a stream celebrated for salmox and trout fishing. FIor furter particulars application to be miade to Mr. Thomas Shrp Corwea:Ma'fmrc. Lethibridge and Mlacrell, 25, Abingdon-street, Lon on; or to the auctionLeer, 'Wrexhamn. The tenants wiill show the respective lot-. Barnshury, in the parish of Isln tn.Lng Laeold, -ferinvs-ctment LEISSIt5. D. S. BARE R ana SOiN wBil SE4LL by AUTION, at the Mart, on Friday. AugustI5. at 12 a remarkably well-built semI-etached FAMiILY RESIDENCE very pleasantly siituate 14, Itichmnond Villas, Richmiond-road, Rarnbur-y, adjoiningilas nuursery grounds,- Thishouso offers unusual advantgesto -anyon6seek:ing,a resldenoesin thss locality. - Having Iseen uOrohaged byV the sirepsietorfor.hisownooccuation, it has been fittdl up wil,h mny conyc-. niences not generally mcewth,adhsbe iihdtrougou i tlhbbestmsnneor.,ItisenugrayelsoeL Ani the site is elevated and healthy. To be vseweas on Tesdays, Thursdays. and Saturdays, from It till 5, and Wertieulars lead of MIessrs. Parbcer, Rooks, and PAiker solicitors, 17, Bedford-row ; at the Auction Mart; and of Measis,I. M.;. Bskerand Son. 107. Upper-street. lelligton. I - - Brixton,road.-w genteladcmoiu Family Redenoea,in a noteeero and onenient situation. GE'R MIURRELL -wall SELL by AUCTIONf, at IVG&zrawWa.' on Thursday, Aug. 7, at 32, in two Iota6 TWO0 osW-tal PAIULY RESIDENCES In goo rpar with large gardens6. p leaasatly and convenisutly situate in the Bciton-road, a very short di,tense from Bennngtntgin nd park, being Nos. 9 said 10, -Hollandplac. Omibuss tothechy - west end. andi other Darts pas the doer ever fe miute. io, is let to a bighly respeetable tenanut atsSiS per nnu, ad te OherWM lbe kept vacant to mslt the convenience of noypeshase reellrlngholae in tbis desirable neigh~bourhood for occuatin. Hld Orlng terms, allo6w grunudyeats. May be viewed (IC. 1 y ermssonofthe tenant. Perticularshbadof Messra. Clarke sodMoice silctos, 9,Coleman-street; at Garaa-s ntepe mise lan ofMr. urrel. uctioneer, do,, , Wa1 ol. iy LIan -i a xcl lent2Ituation, niearTotteniham Highs-crosz,- betwe h lhra n Tottenham RailwaY Station. having frontgsothmano4 d Down-lane. Aroad canbe formedthroug thBsae ihwudb theprlccipa1thorougkf&st tire r ilamy statio.Teeatben within 4j miles oflo-ndon, and conisguous to the ala,peet ver fayourable opportunity fora buading s'uain-coe en geest demand for respectable residence ntelclt.Myb viewed. -Particulars Ymay be obtained ot Edwrd. Swlg si at otter. 7, Sackvilie-street, Piccadiloly; at Garraa';ado tesc einer, Totienhram. v Si a~h's-wood, 7?,M EGrlrou,%hhiar1. near the Fnhe-od~~ 3- tueol 'aa'; andEfrects, MESSRS. W. KIENG aridCo. will SELL by AC fo T.IyOriier o the,Pr-mis s% a. &Ove, on Tulesday, Augutst S. at 12 ofsspsrietor. the genuine and suodors HOUSE. rURNITUjE' n ERETO; cODmprisig drawing room suites in rowwood and walnut, of obairss creaschirs couches, csheffo-. nlers., Davenport, loee dter b,Mee ca nrTami ved. ad gilt framieg,i-octve cottaepipnoforte inr rwoodclsa,-Dr,,sdeo, and china ocumingaeycoffdprin doinng table onalidii,gfrAmnes, adssu0si0eeestsldssebo&Arl,bsis., chairs and couches - )late and pleted goos ro eraings age Brussels and other Vo;s:p the bandomeS, pbmbrof enitrav coesisis of anspos, Aabin, nd otber bedsteads. bedding, marble-top wash. stands Sind dressing tables,cherac and toilet glasses, &o. handsome SPlslhmaaen. aoro~n,dj~je, esert ad tea servises, glass ~~ nuralforniture and ~fitting [it a gReteeg riharnes, two ~ 16 ~aza~ablab,and brasAn-moctedl Uck-irle idnee. Ssnae" aCottsmie and LawaL AEd4ut llefr Pgloue ~4ESSRS GR~EEN (28, Old Bond-atrcet) hae to, ltng o acaited fansul.ym rfsmidthe wish osuil of telates gaXrds. sort necl 70ace o hebat edISni. Garasy cm 0 Wedutd y,t AUs raet 2Arn twi otn andma towboes forPYiEaLD Trety.PwUcTlu oman beobt ined cottage and rKeacnsaE, aeinh*cci,3 liaion mYarlnry-.e aun -% oftl mrhs-e. re. tw. bOlda Bond-svluabnt. uur,o-eao-i j3jESSR-S. GREEN (2, I Bon dstve re,vom caeiseto SEL ru AtiIonsto 7 UIli at Gaswy'.e oee,iy ng~ Wt d, eiatwi, Augut a 1 ( eifrable th COPYOLO ImoPR. dotprI a valotablfe ctagesans gmprdens, TZEIa th occuATion of3 ro ~prishesorfhar.tw Wbarnslud& Garoalby end nareop ofa OOtawla tofthe reaurd thrghfth motes fromacing a rentls f lst f 3S,mAlk wlothi 2)Hlt aie40 &si thef houn, of Zoaluabl scmp ur fasIn in thme Obupatrd4tiou Nof rt llamtines e. yaS dexperanm Thist peo weltirrtVibere. ealate ll oratyetlj, nd surrounde abytihjetapflrz,, kloe l'nasr statrn,a.modfvefranu.om Uxbr Moat, 'ardTolaaa h inerlie cmer SaneioKne: atID Garwysc of Edish Binoit, ,. o amblte. 2rchil.xs -andiis -wo.land, wfith exolrsem 8Olt A=boud-antde -o'ueeRtsaod watrs.- galuibl mU1,ehalitsu.s of_ nJaciX10ett &Acres. eletlrst-ruid1e tloa to n f,byDA0i4t02 atMt9 Orsay'a -GWedcneday. Alugueat 6, t 12 ifxno gre,thie ibLdwt rr,, eWyafurbiemandatemportasint th proert pmaent itl saaCp phenrsidue of iihbWeansds big-i Gahy so"ati rop of bihlyepcoutybl wiuathile. and ta hablf booe o endotcoprsg anemtd t[o bup"ds of treat ltrt-m"ae,au a~rbatlyhlx bou eladeen elylinuilabutz c-ts o rmadnrtsseAntssly caus pablte to the Grao.Lgb stand dinginghemoilsthe st~l-tiabeed tackIta la ond,rg -andmi uoded or thi-ae llhi &itfrn * known s Rh me,This nmin of -thfeld Moat, ao Tmito a duield, irs all a6onpehendii~ofeonl 100 acrs ofrichig yoedo, paslut Lrs. arabl, orcani Thnd wou lnd, withdexbourAst wtr-homtligod man adantgos th lrdsaplynwU shouthern aspett. iss4 oenital bi. ceicot limte ad te itartioin is ne mu th best inrthis bce laletor soieesadbeuitolcouty Tee reroilenceadhm aao 7 ce ofhichnal of Ray. ande1 paes of grtwiugd inhrom thvr~a cey urimed instructonsesio th EU CIN oxp t reetslella cpreital e~st forineiensve raldnes,co rinedawit AuA 20rt-at andestmn the1nresidaue of ho tand wboeing the excellento IIUEofbgLD epetUsR .IenTUR and tDar-w3hoe wsutingan stesimatoewod aentd of ward llo~ gany fo pr tnhe m, rig estate diu room- littrby tioeGrnon. ad crakita toutl rtrina,and!sss 16ndoutyig poton -Ideimandrn abu c21 acres I theocaptalcfamlitu-oa1tehppsitso thed raig-_ll thandesendingesofdth ceebrtlofied crultrivr. Thaprtionm d Otrytd'l y utetnsils a ngule. &c eerrihspsit anfutdor the fctisn o inel io ratoseohng ,beiots, o-sits,ca Abeigvenn Patway.The cuntc arond aound withe ei- lindodef MEldSR n feSo. GREEN.8 Od Bond-street. ilSL byitld AUCTION.-Fatnilicre onrags Wiedned adhiutock7 at 12 of Ha, and15 aces ofGrrwngCrops.ad oric * AESSRS. 4REHEN (28, Old Bondl-street) have re- MVZ cived instruction to SELL tby AUCTION. a'th Parrewat-ses1 FOSCkral-bNoe,clfknow aese, on. _ 1dnes12. 1,"5 andos 10. azndtw fillas,wengdbuilt and ther whlrdoelyfith ishxell entchontEHLDn Finin ganyfourinheroomsin brandfinntroamn,ibraryemeaopt-ingizadgardaefs, thve bdror.E capital frieeothonn,eroo bdeolnbt-lystheapteinndae of tho cariags ad ot-dor ffIts, onlnigtavlig laiu,Ii a witoh xtempdaPesiure Groundgosre a'yndre poyo w,tan nc ewes eiho latebW, eand oEs. atp upwsridg f5eso edw'a an covr MOXgON hasngcreceve pl gf.ronm rllnuew hpl Expecnutos. a the groLLn thop bone 15cacrs ofRwhERT.Yoat,the The dce twol ias h reedin ae and cad-at alogee oined,n aopiet the tn imndallntae setgheoupn owns verd exof eus auctioneers,2, Old Bondste PIcny aibr md so-hesat esdncs Usbr Uthe Crscntn, ta,,nd henl. h lI,ea SR. ofGhREEhain (2e , Orgnldy gontd-butfre6 ets)will SEn fr tom5 lte. TWO exedinald twel.cburetalsod heleatl dcmirnd 'tonESI-3 DECS.all oe.14oad15 Hoifeon VinthOVA Warwck-eroastd.acni Oadsm XdnNgn drWin rooLL, brakft room A on Mabasmni 3Flor,oeningint Agarden 6.tre be d tionis n ommh eeuodios offtcEs lateil highl respetale5. tenIoant, FadUPTrodcnaeroy rleasntael of I pexroannm; ed d HOUS - forh gardinu4yas, fomigthmodertesideotborOvts, artdobearg os. he tob4vtaiedo gienssrin Ctley Smthentr, and lta 2 ah *watlso, asoictynof T 9id ewithq20are" iroln'in Part' Garr atathe; and 1sASSd.f REE (2, Sld on-stretu hvere LVJ cived Nstuciont SELL b UTO, at the Wr a n Wed.eon Wednedy, August7,~ at 32, in onlots E seml-bi-dtTached oVILLA IDell-bull knaownE bas Hoe.d , 110.12 31,5 and M16 Lneirtar, Villaw, wetllyul and vhr handoma elyt finohd, euachcotel ainingdining andu drsatiheroarns;branfas roam ton bascoeent opein inS an lve ibederoLes,handlucapitnaltc, fdelightflly situatei one ohe Retiet,hAlthiest,and mStLL atcetibesurb oft London, being thdeeytino Au o. 13I't2 noe WOvca toowhighly resecable tROPuE, a TIESlowav, ereg rel Coft£a0ger Slannum nash,et beld-onleaAe forahoitP 45years, at moeat ground rents n o . Partvidculaermay be Bobinedosrt Che' serseasColy,fSith,3HuTer,and Pwarthiculasolictr. Doma,Hew-quar, Lincoln-s-trenat;Gra~~ n of Mesers.ptll Greeuncn, 28, Old Bolnd.-n Frehod Goud Rnt, wtharlBeeminso the Rc etl offewbulas PropRerty;c alo Heath f -ahous. larg Faiysdne with extensiv WlmsnaronSEL, and theroue:tehler- Wftodlae dW. at Au q.1, atoCmebmprtagnetaMTHa- andot1r7R. OPXOTN hasrecivedlr oftrctonW fomTh Executors, toea SE,LLr theab, West-cinster aRP Ya h anctiof AlMartxon. t ertnesay. Anoet, 6 Tatf1aoclck i lts The wole i freeoldtorteelad- teanteeee, n omr.e Hackey,CamXidN-bwth ASLh-gte,theCrset Mandth Oral Wedec l dseaoywic hAuig. been origia'All grne buL POETY for 62 er,f ina from 21z4 to 140 e, lansd tne rack. rentalsovf whcha !un inoduePar. Pa00prt uannuofMr. DAl%solHeath-house, rnodwel-mourio and o ethe aui grouns tCmridgr St tes-hlith, Trforgerly there.iec 1M.Hah e obLndtte,Mrt hofdurstcruentor, thveTerc,Ahgo Cambrde-etb of W.urday Aovetg n. 14 t19for j. insouroltot,8 rys-iOn. LEsuae:OLDoIf PdS.W.Moxith ero-rksoa nd a-stabonee. 3 b artInos. 7 S&Msn4,mall rehthodHuesrc, Pinte OWal,iekuey-rad, ae.tk hJR OO ill eddrc Srmth rehlde, at trounducti ,e on Mrespeon abetiedaens,prouciugarnt6.alo.fby i rection.of rtheexcutorsaofthe six-oome HOSES ithgardns,feardningdthe est sdolo theOva, ula-anduetactygadofx.27t 0 lhArdBoots auctheoneerandlsatate5 seach als, sprlatof-i Vlland, Cade-it2frond ppitge, theulree at th AMart an o ,elfoo.h3.d Ste Matment-ploeTaniden orsau~ AIU . MO0TH will SELL,a the TArt, On edutse MV. ay,. Augmz. 13 A=tI i 14eot anely-bu1.il three Al'ofr TEIREE wellbutnilybilt et HOseS, -detnH dRStolENCEStanley-arodig's-road, Fuhbm rsdneatmayfishd and faill eilaet to grodnaucerly rentalt Par.31 Diuera at t hesitMart;iandof remeraulytIoeer,lthy Mandectein'g-lace Islington - Lan eod of nvr.A: menth, autoneermandl susat3 Chelse , a. tMR.h lMOXOas Cai lleSELL, aoste the BolM Art,onz dn. day. Aug1 1 Mdate12, the TW oloigveydsIrbe, ihpRosE TIS,JA,IMESo Cotg,byfil-'et R'-od eAebIOldNr 4yer,at £ Groundaren, anWeneday A. 1, Pvdacte12rsaceaBod-tree In Che.e,lascehodar32yers Prtcuar o v, Do gtin, Req. IJermy-ytreet;of MessiapeladDncfnu5,linolnt-o fieds an te aetiucr. , S. Mrtn'splao,the laprobqatincfte, Liserfe ntheRemeary abeet i atof hrecuehold Estathe ci FOttRs0Gra GeSorg-tre, etmntr; atrthe,uCtion-roart andof 2i. Mooo,tltau arinlsazae, Tra sulgan.squarl.b-- Grew atDer-road, otwr.- eshl Estate of O 14 Housyes,r and a ground-r to wekytnns 1415jF.16O17 w1ll SEL tth at o en £V day, Alg 13, - ard.aBSHL RPET,frgyas Smallter timens; l~tntcr,Ilnr £7 Mrl,on Turda Au'sl4 t2 o Mainutre lunt ate.1IGH zold, sal10 Cilve ayostct, aldoia-ra elfr 0n yand cl atr groundirnts,iB prouing a etlo22prannm Alartichairs,and thmeMrout;angeral, dsigo;an fM.a.yoo anctimorxneeroand SinR A. ebo OTHb L W ll SEL vr by D UDLY m SON, a t t-he Martn,Wi so, onnThuesay, tuge t 14dsato12Afo ust inz.foralt s.inFOUR LEASeHnoLDHUo,wthnr.osan tbig bmH 7 'rwVo ~Xcllent Farus, Lot 1. Farmhouse and out-buildings.- and abouLt 54 acres of tend (mer or less) all freehold, Lot2, Farmhtouse 6ndoutbsstldi:ngs and about 53acres of land [more or less) all froloeld, excePting about10 acreis which are leasehold f:or aterm ofwhich upwards of SOyeqrs are nowr.nexpired. Bothlote ti,the free. ApplyvtoMesses. Tiudal andBaynes, soicitDrs., Aylsbury; and M1r. Willis, solicitor. 'Winslow. At Sudbury, Suffltki-Importsmt. to lironmongers and the Trade-in general.-EHighly dlesirable Freehold Business P'remise, advaintage. - ously situate. on the southa side of the Market-hill, Sudbury. XrESSRS. BLUAIDEN and SQ'UIRE will SELL by iLAUCTION, lint the White Horse Inn, Sudbur-y, on Friday. 8th day of August, at 4jih the aftrnoon, byorerf the-Proprietor in cme lo t, all thon s6aaubstan tial PREEH OLD bripk-ktbou lt MRFMIep ES,te-Vate on the south sitde, oif the Market-hlol, Sudbuny, ini thu oocupatiori -or Messrs. Emnon sad Baker, - ronmogers ; comprising a Epacious front shop) and show roon ,nthins b yplatn-glsssfront39 ft. Sin, wide withadepth oflfIf.,-nountus,gaon.te, privatedOfice, with belrorya.p. proached by anopen stairoase,sitstth'bop.-with twowockahors above, extensive stre cellas, twa-stal stables andchalsebonse, withlofiorGYM The domestic arrargnments pogesesaevey coovenjence for a fanmiy. -Init,e-wAeat la taitefully-arranged waldi lauegre.The above propertipoo,1elss al rontage of 391k sod a dapthx of premises of 157 ft., withabackentrance from the Anchor-lane,conveniientfey, and nearly contiguous, ta. the railway. Both bard and soft water well suppled onthe prext&es Tloeauctio)neern bave vesy onfitdenosin ye. ,commending ehe abirre property, either for oecups"on or inrevtment. Itiosebonnerected lrithintbePAstbtree!eari is entlrtyb4k bauitin a substantial manner, purposlY-for the dOncevenisce of trae, and is 8ituatoin onfle eroet-CommandmDg situation, being next the Corn Exchange,andfacingtiseprftcipaltbOrog4hfsos-lthe town. The t- - = dee=-W xlet on Iea fO,r ar unexpired teemof .212rarsfrm' r-lsata sIsta- of £90 per annm, to -Xefse. kcbnsnand Baker,whD11ava carriedon lor many years tbe principal faudla ironmongery tmend to the town, Anai a doubhin cannot exist buot that a bigimly lase-ativ3 tras(e may be securd by ainy ~lsumg Llt enerprising halit. 'If Isoasediate POsesuasn re%uieed; It Ig pee. ausedlsbat an adrtacsemna uratvn., ent canbecswri,d out intrelesaingrthe preetteasttg. whose engagement -Wit the, lioorecrco 12 years from llhrclt last, at, the nannal renialof jV ,su bject t all repairs being-kept-rlm by them deriag the cetmiesmoX of the lease. Printed particlars an oniins wil aortly be in iesl,ic and b=na&WonaXpc6=oobert,Eanm.bq., acliolor,orf the j(os~ snutue,.l'aail.~-Watc1ae-, Jewellen, =auo. ZZlo'ckO cuws l dinlo, leo,*od ws C`o=tDCSn6t tOtINg.i sIuga.rxag. r ate muo feja1, AM, Zsatherea - I TOPLT?SySoN*X aXnt RARDIP"G WMl SELL-by ___UI__ rdrofb Mart, -t Th ketla 14ho Ar ut,a =TYjl&oiood_tkxhe.Tu em*d hale" , 'aI FREEIObD-1RRo bnieutlY Armuteonewith of two hotss DOteue nety 5ArrangeLd, wbih Jsi arden,d the whole 0SW'n ,ro,lOOSt Cecte bknownet as ed0 OoChga`"my to "POpid together Lor a l,rlt 1a0nee which~ Ooeia ttia(e.an-e badug. 31sy Pa,' U&to.,ed %nd Isartieniaz, = tToorna8.a-s,f e'Ldttollceor A3 Buskltr.*su7y- at the mail; and f J.X Thoceg.Li'a, St. Nul churewa1d. TOP' bO,d Iaetinj, i~ owngrounds, c'm the Tomg of the Fores,abo*ut out, mile franc te L'sughton Statlion an the Woodford Railwuy.th -fPMrS. SON,_ and HAR"DING wil SELL b -TA5ICT10OLD at the I-f,on ThurudaLy. 31 by a~, Fair M-d Cottgp-e, containing seems bed cwihambers,g- OWfl55s And cowenytmt dercestie .offo" ,.th 0 frEitttlngrom AilE&l,Psddsick; pleature 'grounds oxeul adoLli~, tl1tal,Iehpun, ita£ef'ellid Ofe~ kitebOr o IWI 1.VWLIt, ate,Q-1l==c1l%d.,ad saltlej ab-l 't11 the sale,-sod Partculars hsA ou the Itertics:- or l'ee.es Bickaniu and SIOn. 2, Crawnoeon, Old Brood-street* -at theL Cook,4pjng .rd the Ma-rt: and of TopigS, oo, and Rardin, 16, St.u'Ourh& Itoneow .zdle.e.abutFinilefma tbenrea"y tlih,nLare TO~ISSO~and HARDING will SELL by TAOu;mz',FLwsiwto-lwo~,4% m ursday, Auzust 14, atI puctually, Ms four 301a, 1- nrdeir af -the Trustees musler a Will,. &FiENVfOLD XFSTAT}l, situate on the h!gha BSth-road at'HeUn,.;o, otyrL -cae,tal detached malde kno~wn asBlenhbeim Hos, 1 ,s requIste UaeefeoXsusiAls fora f imily of resjsecsahityt sud It"I l'leaeur and kitchen gwdeeus f,hhu ad3alzg let ta4a"' at£lper atmitm as 'Three-atmSOIdkce bunuun Villas: diinin tiOttOding and desicnatedlIsaupeiormaner Ii- larg waie = =srracd. en finished in. and lI for te wndeirs3 ptfden. ohamohosee and tabllis~ Docap^tlon of geuteel farnllleir.Mh be rirwd tll he de,ard P'larabadv Idevers. Tayor;aud,Wl war5, 28.Greettraeste, Bedford-rm~aw jt tho Nt; =dofTorejs, Soo,miilesfln,36St.Pasta cweyza -A MRPE~ R6AIY meEtPERrODICAL Au.ust t ~ ~ ae t h~Od SATS fr,t ot or eoeTusdy h t fe,xM ora.ems auction. and estateoyoie, & erBoa' ct -- ROA iillSEL by AUVCT1ON, i~at the~ onThrsa, ugst4 at 1I, the AHSOLUTJ )Nto 0ryg Of a FREEaIOLI ISTATF, contisting of cicht houses adraiupble plot of building laud. r4tuatea Aets, Mldlear, wIshi now niodolcng £173 per annum, but is let Under it% real Talue.P I.uti-lsee of 1'frero Watson ai.d Sous, Boeo. xerie-stpeet; at the Mrart; or of the iauctxo-.-eer. 28, Poultry. Sal, y rdre te xectos f heiL.e n urnday. B-uq ~A7R. PEER BEQA) will ELOLDby ATIVEON t2ner3, 8 Poultry. diretion'~ Ls ExctrYf hlt r arexinderu p- huE PETER BROAD will SEoL,Thuesday. Aug.s .LVJ16,all, nreprateote, va'ahle E sGoEweEl TAree,i lots, let t LfO pr onuo tw houes, toh.10 latde1r. DGr era t hefflk U, El-stret and Em-ourt, ray'sInn-ln h,arod tuc r'g 8-th , ann m a ar:eh dhos.i.. ere outSm ,p dn g wabk. ptdhn £le nnmMye salewe- yproisn h lIrESSES ULE anHOSYare instrut~ed without reserreA AuntheT7, adaTOt fth lteM. oaer the Peminentsa. looath-an ricldngae 5 --inhsteu' b-the,n one 8 u'ER egle,Ine he-otn nie vr ompl etento faleet'id ltefrdewr.a powerful 11inchtslide athe, I-horot poetreof va roioulsteam ensins,oeweletiglte rtcral-drtostedfaextbingre. Sturin lathne.wvicesVand nlse, tosa&eold 1dies ag oteto atob 1lowe onbody pietO O reous tog-,i thesl,woe IOA,TaWOguebsayt be hwdinth parmcses;rand o situat . Fuller9 'ars lto-rodSey lt.erh'-wtood' S oSngneS. BGADSDEN r, aINdThers,OD-n NIIjSRLSb ULLERecai d HntitonstSEY ar iystructINed theMar tonFriday AUCTO, onTusZ, uut7 at 11.00bsanial tul AHe MACUISE aY. TAIncluing capitbalet ofbendingholdlforserfe wide, a oerm fl9 cutin andlpunchent,machnd et a t o-h1ors-oe heeln. rot ayten egine. tof4-bontar~oerLvertscal ditto steam tor. wrn Sht- Hlron?-haftang atth rgeAlrs. Qantatyf uMefu ma-achn.Vnery. crabdcrane,ad u load n of stm'Oldroadstimert, tow ago,qaniyo Bilier-istr'et, city. eir l7i3 ~ n,friremzto 1iFESSRS. GADSDEN, NM areLO introted JNLLSTeeeedntutosto SELbACIlg a h M,o Ednesby, Augusx t2 wthe porticoentRrianneus.it 2.ate1an 19, acapitlLo-rEASEH OhDn'UE.wo aihnda shrtdiEStac of tlhurnab aTee. mbolcachtresienedotansdeitht be ounln ogs,initand dor 3yawingS rooms,pereaf parourn, kitch6en,l rents cmaremn1 a C3 per annum. To bea viewed.b emsino h tarenant, Particulars may'Jabeshad orfMewsq. Fishe cndtoins,7 solieaitors, 80 Fleneht-street; at the Mrt;: anid of Moines. Fulln,Werdod and re BOulerstsofi et, 1,city. d-toe,cir decethfraccpationew, ou nethaentonat.ro.eseb ed t atbte odeat AfFgRS.GADSDEN, WINTERFLOOD. and FLTw SELbAUTN'atthe Wart, on Friday.A 2,a 2 u UTO,a Am.t 2. a 12 a gubsatay-ul ESIENEantdsPiRbuMlSCOA. HObe n:1,TvsokPao" fe 5u, Samptvourmoa,lel opruiyfor an inr-. groundrent.ndleton-nare-ent.atd et2aO Lper lurt, pe aunen a8. te emen'o-w epirce;at Mthael3tas?ext adzoesomabb Stood, andWElls' 'solicto, 18, t ll-ourd Tro gmodo-stret Gdden. Witer Premises indatrt rear wih osc on fo in amet r and tecpitaMISE,i h bv eialelcltUhl ne h utmayerobtsiedffecmtsC. wy,E~. rlctor. 7Seeat' tBeetsutroeete-attOeM ar:ada egs ase Wnedoi n Eli'ohrs1,OdBouse,street, wity. denAe.,forocuat mxioor invertm o ient;atresen,e athemdat iLELSwlBELbACTO,at the Mart, 1L&REDvZ 21o Ara Apgatll. cnatuil,gsbtarereetioly~n.l a EShEdl sevd bedhIs boein 1,taleotc-placed otbciings.a favourbe oprtuIyfrapo fpitcrabse ioeestmoeauct isheld f;o,roanmneredter f-yee,a round r.-oot adletmon antare.Paedent a -'2 ies, peranum wic areemen EuwilleXpir at mi .achaeiimsner,two anGoenn a b a, Many.h twdb prermIssiomn. Prou iculeca.smyb bando es M Rbb.ndWae RO liciToRs,ICoptll-cSiELL,hron Moonday~,1 thuMrgtoand anto!MeFans. Gasenm, W-itutedodan IEsilea'eoeiher, 18, elp atroa,r egetcupatkiaodeihi 5mFirnnaee Piankoforthe,bailwoy ssRS.. JOHN TEOR ad l SELL by AELTIOy M EACIX t arvy- on Thursday, August 20 atl1,ia four 1,ts eunpstoe2Fusly sw oldbr5ate cntrct andedsigrallong nutAs, nmHOLgESATy abrosewuollb crpesughtrlai,Chimnery glaiges. bedl schamber funithre Latofed o er thuuldsrpin ellathbr of h-Ines,a thSucbtion.Teer'sofces. O.TreiDpedgeartion.rtred, ity.trog Rutetmuhnt'spak.YnsResidene tanin Thyme ozedgronds,r boach. housiiagd.iade.-stcedaeln.&. i3hpathres r,ond, msd LEASE, fImortant teolred term of ine er,otf Ioderance rental 01th ubel i8u1oVILa RESDENE,t, alpd.othe ,Reeoh peb1 otSning BThrercHepo ard e isenr bedl roots,eGnser or, elmor of theBo Sok ofaRCaglrmad rtwo ligh Spri VC1ngYitetes R03m HoeL o REIDi or illda AgsELL. t o'lckiontdaytr coaLlhouse, withi Other ofiloes, and a Iood gard,an, Fith comb auictisn R&scd -e . and rich 3ieadoyrt 1ad contaiin toFgetherget3hei theres fromto cne'ea t Grleebr.,The etate as all- ofree old e, adpoBr m a ALTE Rd GODn IN,oafthe purchdasi Ia h iauct oner pa otiu..- dlau . i n ta1ih site.n ti ei Onbe aftceom inhonine 19t, t- h bost tae siprea dleni o fosnt, and co mpRable ct -pert iA tion r nd s Pait e e n ys Irable ftortaatGn g then. et bxll mntof any followi in, P ortculkrs .-A comfobtlp ge and Ilour wmetresdesialen, EteideDngand dr iingcDow a Lad, co1ntanin togutchet abou-t ebt aCres,d sitwat anterGholltnam, i an hEu count offiees D ,-ith a g-d In wOrchard &joininng .aflow raiUith wthree pairs of stoes- a jut- and tow v sp plDg factory. two stories in heiht, ca plbef wof itn-gM0 WA LTy ERpGndOw , i th the Bd Lien d enGi gan i,ro n a Tsjo- A- Moost esu'box aDconvenient, and 1 compac Pr-loplertw>n °Un htnow n asc i ua eMl, orto Ov ter two C lose am. coifs rsin a- 3 o f tI e andmd Z. lar th dwlicaos, r lden sidjoininr, 00e;pledea thef orem n anrslar e A c o led wone t h r enien, The - sidence c n ' db cdroe are ome rodnios,ed waUl 3rit sbe o cs,t itiay st,gardrn in O harbo aePi . r a hfourr mi wt three aiD wad ot st nes -* a ut t -wter f3wrlrogDdnbthebtherdn'.)Lxaistoc me Id t exngin'pZD' and power spi be ory. ecn o tlY erecsteinheit,nr capab- Cof or in4 beray e of the 3w nor of diO M 21r m which is engineand il th ro ldjoInsh ses Ntil s s torn rooms t o er; te o -os o rWi cha roa d formanteandth amtople f l edo the G ianlSt s-ton To the bim i m - d Yeow r e la w o r. n an e l dieand u of tsnti sd udaW o the saor of Gltriltsn, hish eltetg n. .ho -. Pu a Ml donstetrpk oeir m Gligva oFo s r isstaewti a ieo h iluga tio fth ai Zr a
