CHESTERTOWAPS REFLATIONS of PRISON I :~ : -LIPB.* There are few men wlhse experience, fairly re&cunted, ight not be of some use to their fellowcrehtlfres,'aud where the opportunities of acquiring experience are of an exceptional character it would be.strange. indeed if. its records were unacceptable. Captain Chesterton ivas, as his titlepage informs us, for 2 years Governor of the HIouse of Correction in Coldbath-fields, and in a single year of his aexperi- -ence *in this capacity the conmuittals to that' prison.: amounted to 12,543. During his whole term he lhad -under lis supervision no small proportion of the - rascaldom of- the metropolis, and few persons pro-, bably -ave ever seen so much of what Mr. Carlyle termns ctlhe Devil's regiments of the Line" on what - Inay be, called their fatigue duty, or the compulsory-' drill, whicli is an almost invariable condition of their service. Captain Chesterton naturally, with suclh opportunities, formed opinions as to their hopeful or hopeless predicament, as to the best. muode of treating them, and especially as- to the proper performance of the duties of his own offlce, which, qcun,di vcalean,t. he has stated with frinkness and candour, and to which therefore, we assist in giving further publicity. The previous career of Captain Chesterton, as related by himseLf, was as follows:-He had seen some few years of military service in a department of the Royal Artillery, and had subsequently borne arms in a British regiment embodied and transferred to Sor-th Amierica to aid the state of Colombia in its. war of emancipation from the dominion of Spain. He had subsequently engaged in various civil pursuits, and was even employed-on his Greek exercises with a view to holy orders, when he was urged by' some of his friends, who were zealous for a reform of prisonrdiscipline, to become, a candidate for the office of Governor of Coldbath-fields prison. Heretofore, on the maxim that " none but a thieftaker should be a thiefkeeper," it had been thought that no one was so fitted- to have' custody of criminals as a retired poLice-officer, and the predecetszors of Captain Chesterton at Coldbath-fields had been of this class. But dissatisfaction 'with the proceedings of some of them concurring with a desire to improve the efficiency of the prison regulations induced the magistrates to seek a gentleman and a military offiier for the responsible office of governor, and Captain Chesterton was thus invited to becomea candidate, and- was in due course elected by a considerable maiority. The state in which he found his future domain, and the gross corrupt,ion which pervaded it management, would scarcely be credited on inferior testimony! Metiey event in tbis secluded sphtere was all powerfull, and thie prisoners by this mea;nsobtainEd the accommodation of a sort of Felons' Club. TAe offices of "yardsmen" or deputy-turnkeys w6ee _Mtrchased by such of the prisoners as could afford to bid the highest price for them;iand these functioleaties, thus qualitied, levied a heavy toll on every illdulgencewhich theyprocured or permitted. Where money was not forthcoming, parcels containing clothes, or supplies of any sort in kind, were opened or despoiled by these harpies of most of their contents. If a prisoner complained he was called " a nose," abused, and cuffed, and compelled to run the -gauntlet. Wines, spirits, tea, coffee, tobacco,- and pipes were systematicallyintroduced, and more reeherche4 luxuries might frequently be found stowed away in the ells. Correspondence with friends without was also made a source of profit to the turnkeys in charge; while so little protection was afforded by sch guardians to ths weaker crimials that the rations of some of the - latter were appropriated by their felows to such an - extent that one of them, being in danger of starvation, actually attempted to commit suicide. There was a contrivance even for enabling male and female prisoners to communicate in one of the roofs of the building, all the machinery of which Captain Ches-' terton brought to light, to the confusion of the privileged couples. In short, it was high time for the commencement of a new vr6gime, for, as the Captain says, the prison was a very hotbed of vice, and few were the shapes or degrees of wickedness which had not witaessed their attainment within its walls. Captain Chesterton was, however, an honest and trustworthy officer, and was destined to cheek and correct the abuses of its management, but it was some time before even he could reduce the system of corruption to comparative purity; and he encountered a variety of strange impediments in tne performance of his honourable task. The least serious, perhaps, were due -to the corruLpt inclinations of 'his urderlings, but these at the outset gave him considerable trouble. w ior instance, I was casually sitting at the office -indow, when I saw a well-d.essed man enter the courtyard and snake for the main entrance, while at t:he same moment a turnkoy, descending the steps, confronted him. A prompt recognition, a hand cordially extended to grasp that of the sioureac arrir7, a hearty shake, and an emphatic 'How do you do?- were followed by the friendly inquiry, ' Well, how long have you got ? and, that interrogatory answered, an assurance audibly ensued, ' Well, we'll take all the care we can of you.' To my astonishment I found this scene to have occurred between a swell thief, just conmitted, who liad a minute before stepped out of a hackney-coach, and a turnkey named Day, whose uncle was the chief constable of one of the police-offices. "Such courtesies between thieves and sub-gaolers had then been so common that Day quite forgot to look around him, and by his unwariness I reaped the advantage of a practical lesson in prison discipline. "Ithad.so hapiiened that a short time previously the late Mr. WVilliam Plower, then a visiting magistrate, upon hastily entering the prison, ran full tilt against a hamper, abouit to be caTried into the intorior. His curiosityrequired to be satisfied, andhe insisted upon an examination of the contents of the basket. It was directed to the identical 'Mr. Day,' and an accompanying note presented a swellmo'sman's ' compliments to Mr. 13., and begged his acceptance of a present of choice apples.' Mr. Flower. though devoutly wishing well to the prison, was one of those easy, good-temperedamen-awith no lack, however, of abilitywho could not bring his nfind to adopt extreme measures, and Day escaped with an admonition. " On the occasion, however, of the cordial welcome of a public delinquent, it chanced, rather malaproqpos for Mr. Day, that cer.tin prior derelictions had been r6gistered against him, and the tout e7sc7nble insured his dismissal. "' It was not, however, upon Air. Day alone, or uspon any of the turakevs, that substantial offerings were sought to be poured; for-I myself was selected as the recipient of numerous bounties, both from the- friends of prisoners-who thus aimed at securing my favour-and from interested tradesmen, who hoped to reap advantage from a little delicate attention, which might more appropriately be construed into overthbribery. I was not long ini discovering that unscrnpulous pliabilBiy need not go unrewvarded; for writhin a firtnight of my nomination two ladies, gaudilv attired, were ushered into my sitting-zom, and aupplicatingly pleaded for indulgence to their brother -one Fealy, an utterer of spurious coin, imitative of gold. They not only essayed to move me by tears, hut unreservedly intimated that ' any sum wvould wFillingly be paid' for my good offlices in bisbehaf. " Moreover, house-lamb, game, poultry, and fish, aU neatly - packed, and accompanied by propitiatory notes, pouredin rather thickly; and one day a twelfth-cake, of costly size, denoted a trader's opportune provision for a seasonable-feativity. - - 'SIluch tenders and donations were doubtless in compliance with andent usage, but their prompt rejection, in couse of time, operated -to relieve me from such implied insults, until at length the -presentation of these offensive gifts fell into utter desuetude." Captain Chesterton had a still more arduous battle with a succession of theorists in the matter -of prison discipline. He appears himself to have retained throughout his charge a decided preference for the silent,, as distinguished from the separate system. 3But {he separate system had zealous advocates, and with ose of these, the Rev. Whitwoiih Russell, one of -the inspectors -of prisons, the Captain had a serious controversy. The latter condemns- this system, as it -was first introduced, in the folloving strong and emphatic language:-"-unowing as I so well -inow how far humanendurance can extend, I could- -weep, over the protracted sufferings of the miset-able beings exposed tocj such refined torture. The 'opportunity for reflection' was the ignorant plea by'whichthevotaries of separation sought to s.anctify their indifitions. In those days there zwas no-assemblage in chapel, no joint -instruction in schools (processes which at Pentonville sensiblyI relieved the corrodipg tedium of solitude), nought but consuring insulation, rarely assuaged by occasional Samaritan visits." Captaini Chesterton eontends that this system simply reduces the criminal -physically without conducing to -his mnoral reformation.'- It accomplihhed the formier effectc even in the case of -Bishop, theqjurker, the ruffian par excelleace in the COptain'a est6iaation; but, neither in his case nior in any other which came under the Captain's eye, did it ever effect any permanent improvement of evil habits. - Captain Cheswerton therefore regards it -as a heavy but useless- chastisement, and doubts whether in any case it las conduced to a prisoner s amendment. - .. We shall not ourselves enter-on this vexed quesion; for we have yet to observe what other difficult;es, independently of contested.theories,-n may be I* 1kretatio?zs of Pr'iso,t Life tol . r int P7*8onDizcip7ien and Seconda ;inj Puniimcn!. y George Laval Chesterton, 25 years Governor of ths House.of, Co-- rection at Coldba:lihfieIds. 2 vols. Hurt and BLackott, 'L~ndon4ISM I knunterei: by a'goiirnor of - japrison in the due discbarge of. his dutie. -Not only .i5 he Jiable ts * attacks by irritated coiivicts, to -prison-revolts.aiid escapes, to th'ie e opposition, treachery, ' dr defalcation 'of iaubordinates, but in those acsociated with him in'his prison: superintendeuice he sak find the strangest impediaments to his efaiciencjy.- Even his chaplain's .eai f6r his theological tenets. may, as Captain Chesterton experienced,, interfero with. the'? control of subordinates. The chaplain himself maybe duped by the professed piety of designuig turn. keys and uisconsciously countenance the perpetrators of fraud and falehood.' When the latter are comn-' pelled to rcaign he may vehemently. .oppose, the too strigent .sv-stem to which he thinks his prot6gis have,bce saerificed.: All the personal annoyance and public mischief 'may' supervene' - which . prompt the Captain to sum up his remarks with a sweepingcensure of chaplain kind, -and- nwbich we tiust a, more varied experience would have iniduced himr to mitigate. "I There is not;" seys he,re-7 ferring to his own discomforts, " to be found any. other class of meni more bitterly unrelenting(T.- Only once really offerid. their 'nrejudices, and yoin aronse an implacability which, as I experienced to may sorrow, couldanevei afterwardsw beappeased. I'sub-' sequently failed in-every attempt to re-establisb oar. originalgobd understanding; and I was imade to feel that simply in the fulTlm&lent: of duty I had converted .a friend into au enemy because, by. worldly intelligence, I had been able'tounmias' the artifices of pseudo-piety on 'which he had relied." Thus the Captain is a testimrony that neitber bolts hor bars can withstand the corroding inflitence 6fofthe Oai it i Zheaoiegsued.-d - .ie has also to record the still more extracrdinaeiinstance of a m'rgisfrate attempting to obtain. mony from a prisoner as a condition of solicitinghin libea-- f tion. This nefariousntransaction on the part of one of the authorities h'e succeeded, however, in detecting and frustrting. A stillamoi e stubblorn impediment ae furnished by the vagaries of thte late lwr. bueljain Retch, C hich were more idnocent in thei. initention. Ithis tgentlemuan, wrho w;as a magfistrate, had become so infatuatead inluss zeal for teetotalism that he not only lectured on the subject elsewhere, but selected C1aptaxin Chlesterton's domain as the most promising field for his proselytizing exertions. He also had sheep =ntroduced in the cells, that hisprot6.qJs might become prolicients in sheep-shearina and might be thus qutallfied for an Arcadia hereafter. The Captain records a more agreeable interruption of his ordinary funetions in the shape of a visit from Sir Bulwer Lytton, who came like a true artist to study on the spot thle details of an escape froni prison, which, as there explained to liin, he afterwards emnloyed as an incident in Paul 0flord. The above are some of the exceptional incidents which came within Captain Chesterton's tognizance, but his book may be referred, to more legitimately for his general experience of crimlinals, anld his practical views as to the method of treating them. We observe, in the first place, that he is a stanch advocate of the treadwheel, which, as we now learn, was the invention of Mlr. Cubitt, the enguseer or Lowestoft, in Sussex, and was designed in answer to the appeal of a perplexed magistrate. " I wish to -, Mr. Cubitt," said the latter, " you could suggest to us .some mode of employing those fellows! Cou,ld nothing like a wheel become available ?" An instantaneous idea flaslhed through the nmind of Mr. Cubitt, wizho wthispered to himself, "The wheel elongated," and out- of this casual conception, like the Crystal Palace fiom Paxton's blottilg-paper, came the engine -which becaune the type of penal labour through the country. Even with his treadwheel and his silent system Captain Chester;on is not very sanguine that he could do much to reform the criminals by profession. He says broadly, "I have, I grieve to say, been forced into the conviction that there is bcet little hopeful expectation of the rescue of habitual thieves and systemnatic evildoers. My 25 years of observation have not encouraged me to rely with assurance upon their corrigibility. The case, however, is far different with first or casual offenders." As an index to the relative proportions of these two classes, it appears that 33 per cent. of recommitments to Coldbath-fields was the steady ratio for years, and Captain Chesterton notices withouit adopting. the inference that two-thirds of our prison population might therefore be deemed reclaimable. As to the rest, notwithstanding all that has been attempted in the way of re.ormatory institutions, includingr the School of. Probatioa at Westminster, wvhich3 has unquestionably been the means of rescuing sonme of the least hopeful class, Captain Chestcrton cannot repress his conviction -of the "all bat universal hopelessness of habitual thieves." In this wad in every class ho believes a majority of hopeful subjects to predominate among the males rather than among the. females,-" so very many of the latter, under whatever formn of conviction, belong to the loose order ;7 and elsewhere he adds a remarkable proof of the perversitv of this class of culprits. When Miss Coutts and M'Lr. Charles Dickens were ins titu'ing an experimental establishment at Shepherd's Bush Captain Chesterton was invited to assist them in the selection of objects, and naturally made his first appeal to his owin charges. But he found that few of this class were willing to profit by the opportunity:- "Here, then., I derived socme new light into the blind infatuation which impeded the corrigibility of the 'unfortanate' class. Althonuth I had daily access to, at the lowest computation, 150 of those frail and suffering creatures 'ithin the prison wails, and -was authorized to seek oct eligible (I mean in point of penitential disposition) unfortunates from other quart-ers, .1 soon found the imlprcstic¢bility of winning-many over to accept so great a boon. Objections would be raised, conditions critically sifted, and disdainful rejections of the offer vould censue too frequently to prove encouraging to my mission. Some -would appear gratefnuly to assent, but as their enlargement approached a change of mind would arise, and some plausible pr etext be advanced to give colour to the'ultimate refusal. I even applied to a very intelligent inspector of police-whose daty led him inito a neighbourhood suitable to the propositionand he readily consented to'extend his assistance, At length, however;b;e -was compelled, to proclaim the utter failure of his efforts, since he found all to shrink frovm the irksomeness of uiet domesticity 3nd t-he prospect of cximtriation. Rowever,. I succeeded in maldng a, perh3ps, second-class selection, approved, after a personal ex.niination into their frame of mind and goneral fitness, b:r Mr. Dickens, aided by the matron and mvself; and these ivere at length submitted to AMiss Coutts,"who was alxvays; benignly disposed to encourage the least sign of hopefl penitence, especially int-neyoung.- That excellent lady hadgood cause to be satisfied ;ith her charitable laboars, for ample was the coniiran3tion, from varions colonies, of the creditable conduct of, I think I mnay safely aver, all, her psetq( ges." ' There is therefore, we may infer, a reclaimable margin, thoulgh thie greater portion of this part of Bohenfia is_a_waste_ and, as Captain- Chesterton has found- it to be, perversely inconvertible. On-the other -hand, tthe ariale sex :is. by no-means exempt frolu an equally perverse tendency, for the thieves' profession has unquestionable attraction3for an adventurous cast tf -spiiit. Though the successfill swell-mobamen are few, though the lowest reap only poverty andiags, their attachment to it Profession in which'the prizes are so rare- implies that, as in literaturej cabsor ipse voleptas. Captain Chesterton has even listened to such ejaculations as .the following:-" Lord, how Ido love thieving ! :f I liad thousands I'd still be a thief !" As the last words of Napoleon implied that he was present in imagination unon the battle field, so the Captain has heard the dying burglar -pursuing his avocations in fancy within - an hour of his decease. . Whfile all present consciousless seemed to forsake the prostrate man, the Aick-ering energies of the soul rushed with morbid excitementt into a train of details incidental to a bu4glary. 'Te contortions of the body were accompanied by isuch hurried ejaculations as evidenced an absorbing interest in the imaginary task. -Associates were namc-, and termns applicable to the police, the dark, lantern, and tine crowbar, wtere e-iergetically enuieiated; and in such nefarioas dreanunness the affuiltv man gradually passed into eternity." I Of--the thieves' hierarchy, which is thus based apparesitly as mnuch on the pleasures as the profits of thievery, we have vatious details in Captain CItes- Certon's volumes. The Captain, however, regrets. the loss of an elaborate treatise drawn np by onoy of his criminal charges, which he lent to Mlr. Cbadwvck, v.-hich Mr. Chadwick lerit to " a very distiAguished peer,7" and which rias "mislaid amnong the endless variety of papers which passed through his-1 Lordship's study," as -we are tempted to add X611P'cI SlN tcabssria;zo. , Bult is the Captainm aware tha., such a paper was published in one of the Parliambn- tary.reports coinected. with'the establishmint of the- ' new polic6 ? And is he fairly satisfied that this is niot I ,the documient in question ? - -- - i i -It is clear that such impulsive creatures as he-- -describes are not-to be iraued into co=mon-plLce i penitents, and that we must have other inducee. mentsi to offei them besides tea and domesctiity. Captain Che'stei'tosi has done us seyvice&if he oilyk -se,s us - reflecting that other inducements mayi bD' -tied if tlhei are notlivailabie. - - . - . .,? , , I
- *A-T R R Y A U ( U R N A N D H R. TH _BOY- SAL. ; - _ * - .(From the Birminglsan Journ7al) - The intartat which has been excited, by the improve,nent recently proposedan-the-msanufactiae of iron aid steel b Mlr.Besseiher, andth the couintry in igeneral, and especsalIy to-this neighbourhood, of teh maimfariure in question; render t uannecessary thxt we should -tpologize-to or radersforpccVpyingtheir ateetion 'with -some remtarks on the iron manufacture. in orderthat Ahose .whose studies or avocitions- have left ot'em- unciauainted with the teneral nare of- this interesting nsanufacture may the biLker comprehenid the exact bearings of a process which ii excitiataf attention unparalleled i -modern timaes, we w'ill -givei'snch a- briar sn-etch' af the' proce.ssof' mauuicmlsi'ring 3.auas will enable theist,- gee-' ;ally at all- ewisiti> to estianite the impnortance' of Ir. Bessemer7s inveation;-':<- ; Iron is the mnost extensively distributed of the ynetaW- It'~ exists largely both inthe nieral and organic kingdoms; bking as constituedt of an ikimense number of nsturai 'iienrals,and existing as an essential element in the blood cf ver-tebraste animals.- The minerals from which iron naj -'e extracted are numerous; but we will only notice those vwich are-inportaLt 'in the British isles. Peroxide of 'rol (consistiug of 56 parts by weight of iron, combined wi'h' :24 parts of oxtgenl constitutes thle mineral called red: bwematite, of wlioh large quantiti'es exist in Lancashire Csornwall and elsewhere.- This`oreis sed in England prie-' cipaLy for,minUdng with other' orea, but in liweden and Russia iron is made from it direct. In -'rance broarn hannatite (a hydrated p6roxide of iron, a mcineral of the samne composition' asp the last described, bat containing water) is mnuch ased in the manufacture of iron. But 'it is the clay ironstone which yields'the enormous supply of iron produced in Great Britain. This ore is an impure ea-: bonate of iron, containing about 30 per cent. on an averake of pure iron. Pure casrbonate of iron consists of 28 parts by' weight of iron, and. eight- parts of oxygen (oxide of iro4i), combined with six-parts of carbon and 16 of oxygen (carbonic acid). The pure carbonaoe of iron isin clai, iron-ore' mixed with clay, oxide of maiganese, lime,and anegnesit' The ixtraction of the metal from this compound is effected by a process, the general principles of which are very simple. First, the ore is roatedod that is to say, it is made into heaps with coal, ana ignited; the carbonic acidand water of the mineralarie driven off, and the ore is left in a porous state, favourable to the subsequent vroCess-'s. We'onay rEgard the roasted ore as an impUre oxide of iron, containing, of.. course, all- the earthy matter, and whatesvbr 'was not vo!atile in the native mineraL If we reflect for: a moment on what we have to ' accomplish in order to obtain the iron from this conmpound, We shall soon be able to devise the mneans of doing -it. We have i-on combined with oxygen, and we wish to separate the latter from the former, so as to leave the mnetal free. How shall '-*a accomplish This ? Clearly only by presenting somicthiji to the compoind which hass a higher affinity for oxygen than iron has. Wehat is this? It is charcoal or carbon' This element, so inert at ordinary temrperatures as to be" the most imperisbable of things, assulmes, wh4n heited' strongly, -au affinity for oxygen more nowerful than tha't of any otTeslciabwn subbtance; aud th&ie are few rnetallic oxides wliibt.dg not yield oxrygen to carbon at an elevated' temperature, and thus liberate the metal in a reguline or metallic state. This process'of depriving maetallic oxides of their oxygen is called reduction, and the reduction of the ores of iron, copper, lead, zinc, he., consists mnainlyin heating themn, after suitable' preparation with carbon, an.d thereby deoxidizing thema. To reduce the iron, then,- wehav-e only to heat it with charcoal. Bat since the ore con-- taies a large. quantity- of earthy matter, the particles gf iron, when reduced, would be- held an this porous ear:hy mars, like water in a sponga, aid, althouh reduced, the metal wvould remain in aa unavailableform. Howcanwe separate the metal from the earthy matter? Not by mechanical but by chymical mieans. If we mix with-the. ore something which will form a readily fasible compound with the earthy matter, thaf earthy matter -will liquify, and the particles of nmelted iron wilifaU through the liquid, and collect together into a mass. Lime is used forthii purpose. It is as though a sponge filled with -water dissolved on the appLcation of a gentle heat,the water in the sponge formiag the lower stratum, and the matter of the sposuge itself a light oily liquid, floating on the water. Our readers will now have n general notion of the process whiah they see carried on so extensively in the neighbonring iron districts. Into huge towIrs which stud the country, thick almost "as leaves in Valambrosa," day and night, andfron. year's end to year's end, toiling engines poer thousands of tons of the materials we have eunmerated -iron ore, coke, and limre: Blast engines force streams of commressed air- into the ignited materials, and the mass slow'y s n'g in the tower melts into two strata, the one the slag, the other the iron. The former flows off'from an upper opening, and the latter is draw n off at intervals from holes made in the lower part of the furnace. The molten metal is conducted along channels made in sand, and slowly fiUing rough moulds connected with these channels graduaUy salidlfles, and constitutes the nig iron of commerce. Let us pause awhile to ask our readeis if they have ever seen the t ipping of a blast furnace at night? If they have not we tell them that within an hour's journey there is a sight the beauty and majesty of which they hav. a no conception. The appearance of the furnace alone is impressive. The huge flames strugeling up, like - the panting breath of an imprisoned monster, lighting up the heavens with their fitful glare, and keoping tine in their fliclkering with the groaning blast with which the fire is urged, form a picture which when examined nisar wiU not be soon forgotten. But what can comnpare with the beauty of the casting process? It is night; aud the eye sees not the beantiful network of moalds with wvhich the earth is covered. The furnace is tapped, and out gushes the liquid fire; onietly at first, and afterwards more slowly, it finds its wayinto the various ramifications of the impressed sand, and in a few minutes the wholeground is covered with glowing fire-streams. Bat let us appriiach. Hark ! How the stream hisses as it travels on! taid see, thousands on thousands of bright atoms shoot inito the air frona-the surface of the metal, burn with a beautiful scintillation, and fall hissin" down "a hailing fount of fire." d Blnt to return to our facts. -The coke, we have seen, constitutes both the fuel from which the necessary heat is produced, and the redusing agent, by which the oxide ofiron is deoxidized; the lime makes the earthy matter fusible, and enablesthas iron to separate itself therefrom. If our object were to give -a somewhat full account of the iron mia , nufactturee'v7shouldstopheretodiscuss-the many important questions k-hich present themielves at this point-the enormons quantity of airewhicheachdayispoured thron a'th-es bugefurnaces; the' deeply intarestinog-hriical ch anges which it undergoes as it filters through the fiery column, and the remarkable -sroducts' which have yielded themaselves at its exit, ^to the retearehes of Bunsen, PL'Iafair, and others; the prodigious quantity of heat which is cariidd off by the blast' of 'cold air, and the economy which has resulted ftom the heating of the air before its introduction intu the futrnace; the change in the fuel which has followed the use of the hot blast, and the change in the characters of the iron produced, which ha's followed that; the modifications in the lime flux which different ores require, and the consequences which result from a t-oo fusible or too infusible a slag, the objects tobeattained bythe mixture of ores, and the necessity for the application of minute ulsymical knowledge to the perfecting of a manufacture so sinsple in general principle, so obsture in its details, but aU these things wve must leave unnoticed, and confine ourselves to such particulars as have a direct bearing on the process proposed by AIr. Bessemner.E The method of manufactuire we have roughly described produces iron, but not pure iron; that has never been produced but by the chymnst, and but few eyes have ever seen it. The iron produced is cast iron, iwhich consists mainly of iron, but is contaminated with a great variety of iipnurities, from which it is difficult to free it. Just as in -the fermenting of grape juice the principal change is the conversion of sugar into carbonic acid and alcohol, during the oceusTence of which sundry small decompositions and transformations take place, giving rise to prolucts on which the flavour or bouquru of the wine depends; so, in the refuction of iron from its ore, clthough we obtain a oroduct containiog perhaps 95 per cent. of iron, the Lemaining 5 per cent. consists of a long array of foreign ingredients, all existing in some form of combination in the materials employed; these have been so nffected duringth reiductionof the iron asto have assumed a state in which theycor.ld combine vith iron, asd hence we discover that the iron drawn from the -furnace is invariably contaminated with them. - Although smaiU in quantity, the effect which these impurities barve upon the physical properties- of the iron is truly-woderfuL One per cent. of phosphorus, orascarcelylarger proportion of sulphur, has amnost prejudicial effect upon the iron contaiising it. The principal element vhich, in the blast furnace, csiters into combination with iron is carbon, or charcoal.; The -metal is capable of combining with 5 per cent. of its weight of -carbon, and many linds of cast iron contain! nearly this quantity. Steel is a compound of iron and carbon, containing less carbon than cast iron; and the production of steel from-cast iron is simply -the renoval of aportion of the rirbon. If cast iron from the blast furnace consisted of iron and ca-.bon dnly,-the production of s'teel and wrought ironthere. from vould be eaily effected; but' cast iron contains, bhsides iron and carbon, the following impurities, some -or sll of them>: silicon, sulphur, phosphorus; and- in minute quantity, aluminum, calcium, and potassium. The courve- - sion of cast-iron into wrought-iron conssits in the removal 'of thecel'inpurities. This prMiication consists,-ic the ordinary mannfaotre, in submitting.the iron to- the actioni of air, and also to'a inechanical lmnading and squeezingproce; these are effected in tbe refinery and' in puddling, and it is these orocesses which XrBessemer proposes toasupersede by his invention. ' -' ' ' We ask tie reader's careful attention to the followinknamelyv, that t1he impurities isrcastiron-consist of substances all of vwhich combine fwith' oxygen at a high tempertature carbon forming barbonic acid'; sulplhur, sulphurous acid phosphorns,-phosphoricacid;,silicon, sDicicacid(silica,orthe matterof sand); and sooftherest. - ow, the exposure of the cast iron to hIeat and air (cntaining oxygen) i5isufficient to cause the substances to 'orm oxy,gen eompiound ,e e her Witv tile oriessily feosible and incapabie of entering into combination with metallic iron. _IBut since these impurities are diffused in small quantity through the masa of the iron,' it -is with great difficulty th$t -air can be brought to ace -.pon them. This, however, is dope effiliently, but at great trouble-fist in the re5fneiy, and afterwards mo.-e eom pl6telyin the -puddling process. -The mrelted castiron-isexposed in the refinery to-a strong heat, in contact with air, and a large proportion of the csroon en.oxinea-in the iron'is burnt off as carbo6ic oxide; the silicon becomies oxidized 3s sihci acid (silica),-and the iror als& o idizing, ppliesa base (oxide of iron), with vwich the slicie acid combinos This compound constitutes the slag, which is fdrueAeinthe proeesa.- Tlle actian of -the slag itself uipoa' thebimpuritits yet e6ntained in -the irui, is a meat interesting chymiesi phenomenion, aMid wi-ll be&ioticel hereafter. Where ae very superior iron is required, chareaal 'is -eued in this piocesa instead of.ioke; and tieh iron so made is called -" charcoal iron.Y - -The-, impurities containdd in ordinary c61ke are in part commussuated-to the iron, and injure-its ualitj Th.e iniiute' detaisoftthe refinxy-we need- not desc?be. t The, iron thus partially purined. -is next puddled. . It-is fused eon the bed of a reverberatory furnace, and iigoronly, itired Thout, so is to expose it,-to the action of the air; oxygen is rapidly absorbed, and the-gaseous carbon oxids feysned ; escapes i3 bubbles, giving the appearane rQ92 boilin, Zan bm0 agi 4 i -hecsfe !; witl. i blu dame. As. ilse':-carboi@ ig: :burnt elf, the fhaibilitX of the_ ,mi ilimeWinie, ad- ahtftgh the ,eatis ins c7eased'as' the woceaa proeed,' t-hermolten metal-passes firoa i. iuid to a spongy, acrd-fluid- masis. 'The feafth labour of the paddler now cormenoes: -He approachesIthe furnae a, oi.t in a itate o' nudity, andon the end of an iron bar collectsefrom theb1 dof thefurnsa as much irra as he can lift'ThisalUl, or '"bloom'" he swings thronghthXir under a forge hamesi or other compesing machine"-'the blowrs a at fist crush the soft mass like 4ough, sending out showers of sparks, andsqueezingliuipid' 4ops from t he i4te. rior ef the metal., The ball cools,-the blows of the hairiner Dow ring, the 5re ihower grown faint, aid the liquid! daops are replaced by scaly masse, vwhich fall from the - now almost solid mehtAL The kneading prooess is contiaped by pasng th 'metal between rolls, in the-grooves of which it is drawn out and compr s 'ed it is do 'M d upi.ud rolled, and hested and - doubled an, and rollada'cgni. !,Mave ynu never seen, as ou Xtravelled by railway or. otherwise t night, the mouth of a black'farna*e openedonasudden, sending a ray, as Df sunlight, athcwart the skr, and disclosing something wlrithin *0so blinding' -white,, so blaiting brzlit." that the ey c loadi nluntarity I 'If yaureturned ieisuiely to the sight, yuu observed half-na}ed nren -darting acrois thc light beams, their motions seemingly ninre capricibushnd more sudden than the dancing of-the ireages in a phitas. nasgorir. In sstray beam of the 4uivferi- - light you see nowr rand then the heavy - rocking headof tho steam-engine and the greasy teeth of the 'cogwheels shoot by, brighter thfanrows of-pearls or falling water dropsi,the blws of the forgehannmer shake the earth; and the whirrire ofCthe wheelsinakesTe01giddy. Whatisillthis?' Itispuddlfig; -the conversion-ot cast iron into'wrought iron. The -metal so obtained is-not pure,-but it is sufficiently so for comunorcial purposes, It contains darbon, silicon, tind other impurities; but in quantities sominute as not't. iffect its physical propefries aterially. ItiS3 curious fict,warth here noting, that some of.those impurities -whichhaven most pernicious effectunponiron do notinjurei.tinidirecetproportiwup to their quantity; but preserve their-injurious action down to a certain point only, and below that proportion appear to bie wholly inorerative; - I - - :, -_' The elimin ition of carbon, ani the other iinpurties c-ontained in cast iron, aind its consequent conveMsion>inte wrought iron, takes place by virtue of that 'biautlful chymcal process cilleds cemrntition-a process in wliichi a chymical change is propagatedthrongh a solid or netrly soeli body fionc the exterior inwa-ds, or 'the r,ve3e. This process is beautifully illustrated -by the annealing 'of' cast iron, or' the production of malleable gron 'articles, 'SD largely practised in Birmughauc and- its neighbourhood. limall articles mhade of Cast iron: 'ara imbedded in powdered peroxide' of- iron, and heated-for many hours, or days, 'Tbe osygen in the oxide irofion-c'mhines with tuhe carbon oi the cast iron, and withdrawYs it - in short, burns the carbon.' T.his removal of the ctrbon,. consnencing at the surface, gradually-proceeds inwards, until the whole substance of the article has been decarbonized and the cast iron converted into soft, wrought iron, without the articH hbvuing.changed its form. The converse take; placo in the mnamufacture ofEsteel- In this ClSe the wroW-hs iron is heated -with carbon, and-.the 'Combination of'5the labtLr wit fthe formner, commencing at'the surface, penie-ites the-mass. - --W'.: In precisely -the same way are the carbon aud other impurities removed from cast iron in its conversion 'into wrought iron; the slag containing oxide of iron playinF a most important part. The air can only act supe.;ficiail_ on Ialrge mass of fused iron, even when it is keptinmotion; but the oxide formed iuperficially is mixed with the -mass of the metal, and yields oxygen to the carbon, and other matters in its intsrior. The silicon becomes converted into silica, which dissolves more oxido, and the carbon into car-. bonic o utdeo, which bubbles and burns as described. Doring use puddling and hainmering, or shingling, aud piling of I the iron, the sal-u isirst thoroughbly incorporated with, 'and, having effected its worlk, squeezed from, the mass of iron. Can these impurities be removed 'without this labour, time, and 'fuel? The production of wrooghtiron direct I from the ore can unquestionably be effected, and, vhere wood charcoal can be employed in the place of miniral fuel, perhaps economically. It is commonly done in'the hloomery forges of America, and the Catalan forges o-r the' Pyrenees; and these processes are but ameliorations of -the earlest and zrdest methods of 'maling iron. 3r. Besseiaer proposes to effect the same object by the -us of air slhne. Ie forces air into the fused castiron in lrge quantity;,the temperattre rises veryhigh, andthe iron is saidto be.eonver,ed into wrought iron. The heat produced is thought to arise from the cDmbustion of the carbon, tho whole of which, together with the other impurities, is remonid. It is surprising that tho carbon, the maximum quantity of -whicu is five per cent., should bum so rapidly as to produce the great heat described, and We wait aMnionsly for such accarate experiments as shall prove that the iron itself is not largely oxidizedL It' -vili lso be _nost interesting bDth to the manufacturer and the chymist to learn that the slag can be perfectly removed fromr-the mass of the iron without resorting to the mechanical treatment we have described, We can. readily imagine that 3Mr. Bessemer may reduce the percentage of carbon so low by his process as to make the iron -approximate in composition to steeL This has been done three-quarters of a century ago; and the patent lists show that from 1771 to the present day scores, probably, of patents have been taken out for making steel direct from the ore. To effect this, however, is t6- do but little; what is wanted is not steel of an indiffetent quality, but iron, fro m which the carbon has been so far temoved as to leave the mieta3 malleablo. WVe can readily believe that bIn. Bessemer's process will expedite the manufacture of wrought iren ; but, extended exspriments ared roquired to sbow that he can dispense -ivith the mechanical methods at present 'in lUse. Especially important, too, js it that accurate chyuical analysi should be resorted , to show the composition of this. iron, and to prove that the new process will 'truly purge it of sulphur and phosphorus, as we understand DIr. Blessemer to say it wil - elements, the presence of one per cent. of which is fatal to the quality of the iron. it would be scarcely possible by written description merely to make the mechanical contrivaiices intelligible which lr. Bessemer describes in the speciication of his patent. It will suffice to say that they consist of contrivances for effecting a rapid and completo action of air on ths iron-to do, in short, more effectually that which is alreadv done in the refinery furnace. We cannot close our remarks-without inu stice inforniing our readers that there are at least " two Itichmonds in the field." Since the announcement of Mr. Bessemerns process Mr. 3.inrties, of New Jersey, inthe United Stat's of A merica; has point,ed out a prior patent of his, the esseetial feature of which is the forcing of jets of air or steam through molten cast jron for the purpose of decarbonizing it. Other claimants of minor importance have lik-ewise presented themselves. 'Into the discussion of the question of relative merit between these gentlemen we shall not enter. We may in a future number give such extracts from -the specifications of their several patents as will enable onr readers to judge for themselves. In the meantime, however,-We believe it is our slie duty to statethat, althotugh-we hope asd believe that mn Bessemer's experiments will result in a great impfoVemntin the manufactnre of wrought iron. nothin is more likelyto checkthe realization of so importintanobject than the extravagant exdtement whicb at present obtains. In the hope of allaying the fears which many entertain that something like " a revolution" in the iron manufacture is, impending-a notion which may not only lead to unfortunate commercial results, but is sure to be followed by a corresponding disappointment and neglect-we assure our readers that in prinile nothing new is propoMed by Mr. Bessemer. - -The reftni-" of iron by air is the only me'hod of refining that has ever been practised. Mr. Bessemer, however, proposes.n more direct,and rapid method of applying the air, which appears to be more successful than, could have been anticipated. This, 'as we have several timesAlready said, we believewill pove to be a great improvement, but At' present mucli remains to be done before tl4ese 'experiments can expand into manufacturing processes. In the interim the iron manufacturer may safely proceed withhis present operations,-and, unless we are much mistaken, everything which he'now possesasa will be found of use when Mr. Bessemer's Process las attained its highest perfection; for we think theiie&cntion under discussion-will result in facilitating the minafactare of iron, by adding a. process, or substituting an improved apparatus for the reficry. That the puddling of iron Wilberenderednnnecesarywovery-muchdoubt. Insettling the position of rival claimants to the nesv method, we shoulcd also bear. t maind that they differ from one mo6ther only in the details. -of the process; they al effect their object, more or lessadirectly, by air.' Iron, we repeast has ' never been puriiedb any other means; 'and through n'long suoceasion of ages, - thongh'we may trace a gradualif improvedme'=hodofreallzing the objecti aimned at, the principle has nev'ervaried. T.he Egptian smnith, whose race wras finished bef'ore antiquity begn, made his iron by calling into operation the oxi dizing agency of the air.-
WES HARTLoL, Sept. S.-The splendid iron screw steamship Constitution, the pioneer of a new ' line of steamers between Antwrerp ana N2 ew Yor;, arrived in West; Hautlepool on 1ondaylast, for the purpose of being docked -and finally sureve7dr pior to her depattmre on her first voyage to N-ew Ycork. The Constitution was built at Amsterdam, and made the passage frons, that port to West Hartlenool in 24 hours, maintaining during tlh er o eea f aboret U knota horu.: She i. MOM = 5 Zof tons. = land of 360 cmina bonepower. Herdimensjons .310!etoag ovraJsrli8- feet wide, and32 feet dep. inthe bold. hQ& r engiHes, also of foreignmsaufature, re bailtafter the model of those of the British steam-*rigte Arrogant, and are of the same size a?nd power.- She is fitted for th. conveyance of Germarn emigrants to the United States, 50 of whom she can accomsniodate, and the berthc sreso constricted is to 1e5 easily- uin. shipped and madeavailableforthe stowage of amro on the retarn * oyae Sinoeher arrivalinour .docksthecosossl craf- e s been oMSed bT a large nuinber of people, and those who are -.mpped to be competent tofonu-a judgment on such matters concor in pronouncitgherzto be a zemarkabli fine specinen of naval architecture.- hInadditionto the enigrants' berths,the Constitn,ion is also provided with accommodation for 40 fiast-dns passengers, nd her saloons and aianis are extremely "paCious and elegant. She cPres a crew of S4 bnds, and- isconmanded byCaptain Pougin, a gentleman who unitesthe qrualificationi of experience6 seaManship wit'h the greatet affability and- politens of main3ier. The Contitution will be sieedfly follboed to West Hartlepool by t hel eopold, on a similar errand, and we believe we are correct in statiag that the whole of the ships of this importantline wrillrakethe spaciodns-grading docks at tthLs rt the rerndezvours of their future surreys and repairs. The clipper iihi Istamboul, Captain Cole, luilt by Mr. Johnlipill ind Ualsched it West Hartiepool, in Felbruasy last,is also at. preeent in our docks. She fiasree entIy been eagaed inL the tranpo* aerv!iue, and isa-b-Teut to befitted up for the Autralian bade,for which she is nowr 6estined. She is iitted with the auxiliary screv, aPnd s of the burden of I,MeOtons. - r h Aa'VOCmEcA s'-H},~-The followring u'th names of gentlemeit who pa?aed their ezacination in the science and practice of medicine, andrecsived certifirat0e to practise, or Thursday, Septenber4 :-Henry Carnley.Hull; AlexaLnder Fnederick BraishaUw Wihiain Jimes Daniel. Bearinister,DIorset; Charles P ee,Bs~a-wter; Pi4denic;c Wizlliam Dumne, ZLslingtori; Wilhia Jesenh Hudgao, Sn,itb, Yorksise; SEustace John Canver, geiOgsnz-lxl t ri6'ge;Thoma }!r.yee Xnester, -
ILONDON, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 186. It is the saying of the day tnat the right man should be in the right place, the round man in the round place, and the square man in the square place. But there are men vwith so many angles, and those angles so acute, that they fit no place. ..They cannot be rounded or squared, or fixed or assimilated; but there they remain in spite of adverse influences, and survive every form of dissolution. Like strychnine, they invigorate at the risk of tetanus, and operate with umimpaired efficacy on a dozen successive formations. Such an angular, unassailable crystal is MIr. RonBcvx. Mentally his true region is the wilderness of Judea, and he testifies in raiment of camel's hair, eating locusts and wild honey. With a true instinct he repels party, place, and almost companionship, for his mission is solitary, and he bears not even a brother on the crag which he has chosen for his throne. In the midst of cultivation and modernness he crops out like a huge lump of granite, nobody knows how or why, stratified by no creation, deposited by no deluge, not even flung up by any known volcano. There are in other countries men of gaunt, rugged mlinds, of wholesome asperity, and uncouth majesty. But they wait-forrevolutions,orareworshipped by armies of followers, or attach themselves to some Duropean conspiracy and fall into a fashion like other people. They generally spend halt their time in prison, or in banishment, or nobody knows how or vhere. But Mr. RoE3ucE for twenty years has been continually before the world preaching and prophesying, and testifying to a degenerate. age, always the same MrL. HOunBUC, whether advocating oppressed colonists or denouncing corrupt Administrations. He stands in a category of his own, and it would be a suzprise to find him doing anything like other people. So while other members of Parliament are wasting, not only their time, strength, and characters, but half fheir fortunes also, on their constituents, and while they never visit their boroughs but to distribute favours and shower sabscriptions, it excites no wonder that Mr. RonnucK should go dowi to Sheffield to receive a purse of a thousand and nmore guineas. That was the primitive way; when the House of Commons, however, did little more than present lists of grievances to the CRowrT and find money for a French war. In those days the burgesses had. a regular allowance - as the representatives of their boroughs at the Court of St. James's. This is the primitive character, in which MIr. ROEBsuCK now appears,-nor does it satggest the least suspicion of his independence. On the contrary, such is the grain of the man that people would think it rather natural than otherwise if this very next session, with his retainerin his pocket, he went right againit the dearest opinions of hisdevoted constituents. So, although there have been great men and patrioti and reformers besides Mr. Ron:sudicduring the last thirty years, there is a kind of sibjective truth in his own account of his career, as the singlehanded witness against universal corruption. Vwe shall not attempt to disabuse hinm of that mental insulation in which he has bxooded over the primes of the age, and salied out of his intellectual fastness to deal vengeance on the foe. Some, people talk of their party, or their friends, or their policy, till not only self, but independence, and even honesty, seem to merge in a game of political tactics. M;r. ROEBuCK has an inspiration and acts upon it. He is a law. to himself, and consults no oracle but the good of his country. "A man's own mind," says the proverb, "will "often tell him more than tena watchmen ;" and* Mlr. RoEBUcK relies more on his own genius than on the multitude of counsels,onwhichweaker minds lean for guidance. He not only repudiates party, but he hardly even sees it. like Sergeant CUr-A"THRUST relating the bloody atory of a battle, he only knows that he met with a succession of antagonists, of whom he kllled some and wounded others, -without being able to say much of his comrades' and their achievements. He certainly was the best man in the Parliamentary battle against Crimean mal-administration. He is the hero of a tale which will interesb and distress for ages to come. Others might have felt as mucn, laboured as much, and even achieved more. MIany could easily have been more judicio-us. But there remains the fact that to MvIr. RoEBuCE we are indebted for the Committee of Inquiry, and that we have to thank him for disclosures that will survive courts, and - sentences, and distributions of honours.. There never was enterprise or energy of any kind, however noble and useful, without a look of egotism. For our part, we feel that the country wants a few more egotists, men who wVil set their faces " like flint" against social and political evils, and act more on their own noble instincts. It is everybody waiting for everybody else, and wishing to do only w.hat everybody else does, that paralyzes many men of great powers and creates perpetual disappointment. Go into the House of Commons and look round; look at that fme, tall fellow with a noble expression; admire that other beaming countenance; observe those eagle eyes; look down the benches till you are arrested by that lofty brow, or that stalwart form ; see there in succession-the very type of a gentleman, of a philosopher, of one born for command; hear the rich tones of that voiee, and permit yourself to follow the fascination of that smile. But all these men are nobodies. They were once the hope of families, of counties, of cities, of parties. But they lacked individuality. They waited for others, and consulted partisans, till by doing nothing they got into the habit of doing nothing; and having once succumbed to too cautious counsels were never able to rouse themselves. YIr. Roraucu, must have had such men in his eye when he asked wvhat it was that enabled him to do what he has done. He says with genuine modesty that it was not talent, or rank, or party, or anything external that placed him where he is, but the determination to be independent, and do his duty to his country at all costs-just what most men want in these days. But for the future. When it is confessed that the past is not encouraging, even when it -was only one winter's military mismanagement to be exposed, one may reasonably look with little confidence to the reform of our whole administrative system. That, however, is the work, and Mr. ROE:C3K proposes to set about it in his own Way. With a dozen brave Paladins he is going to attack a whole army, occupying all the strongholds and fortified lines of our politidal institutions. The three hundred Liberals may do as. they like, and the two or three hundred Conservatives may do as they like, and the neutralsmay do as they like ; they may be off and on; they may play fast and loose; they may take up schemes or lay them down; but Mr. ROEBUCK will pursue the even tenour of his way against the evils of aristocratic influence; against bad appointments; against that mode of discharging public duties which is certain to prevail when the misdoer is sure of protection. But, though small bands have done much, what can a dozen men do against an army of functionaries? Three hundred men once withstood as many thousands, but it was in a narrow pass which prevented the thousands from deploying. 'What is the advantage of position that is to make a dozen free-spoken patrots equal to whole factions and classes, to hundreds of legislators, and thousands of functionaries ? Hitherto the Association for Administrative Reform can boast little success. It has attacked sinecures and nibbled at salaries; it has carped at pageants and ridiculed formalities. But while it was waging war with trifles there occurred the tremendous disaster of our army in the Crimea, every week of which swallowed all the savings, aU the reforms of any kind the Association could ever have achieved. It ie o:nly the war that has given a more practical turn to the crusade by showing that the worst evil of all was the fact that the most important positions in the army, as in some other departments, are held by men of no genius, energy, or even experience. With little encouragement then from the past, we cannot hope for much impression to be made by a dozen men acting independent of party. May we be mistaken; but it is a case where numbers seem requisite, and we hope they will show themselves before long.
The American crii is by no means over. The last news from theUnited State: represents the struggle as still going on. The Houses of Congress have again met. An alarmist message from the PREsiDExN solemnly puts before them the frightful but inevitable consequences of the existing collision, unless something is done to relieve it -the pay of the Feederal army stopped, the contracts for enlistment consequently broken; the disbandment of the army; the suppression of the whole Ordnance department; the arsenals shut -up; all sea and land. fortifications abandonedc the exposure of a national frontier of more than four thousand miles in extent to the attacks of predatory savages, who will retaliate for the check: in which the Federal forces have hitherto lkept them, by rapine and murder, and every sort of. aggression upon a thin undefended border popula. tion; the " striking of the national Rag on the "battlements of the fortresses which defend the "maritime cities against foreign invasion; the "violation of the public honour and good faith, c" and the discredit of the United States in the "eyes of the civilized world." Such, says the PsurIDr, " will be the direct and immediate " effects of tho refusal of Congress, for the "£rst time in the history of the Govern" ment, to grant supplies." The argument is a strong, an irresistible one ; but, unfortunately, it cuts two ways, and admits of two directly opposite applicafions. Such being the consequences of standing out, one side must give way, but which side is to give way ? That is the question. The nsxrm-N and the Senate say, the House of Representatives must give way; the House of Representatives says, the ]RESIDDIrhT and Senate must give way.. You must relieve the Army Appropriation Bill from the proviso respecting Kansas, says the Senate; you must accept the proviso appended to the Axmy Appropriation Bill, says the House of Reprewentatives. That is the present position of affairs then, and neither side- has hitherto, given way. In, ' the -meantime CASSANDnA notes are heard, and oldl General CAss takes upon himself the melancholy office of the ancient bard, and sings the dirge of the American Union; he gives it sa his deliberate opiniolt that the days of the Republic are ianpibered The LRepublic, hoDwever, will probably4get over the hitch this time by a forced concension maade by one of the two opposing parties. Appearances favour the triumph of the House of Repretentatives, 'and the forced acceptance of the Kansas proviso by the Senate. TheHouse of Representative;, with its addition of eleven votes gained on the Republican 'side by the absence of 'members whom the extraordinary summons had- not recalled to Washington, stands firm to the Kansas proviso, buDt the Senate shows signs of giving 'way, and .Ir. HuiEcR!s motion to adjourn, vwhich is equivalEnt to a resolution not to accept the proviso, seems to require more courage, or more rashness, for its adoption than the Senate possesses. Should this be the upshot of tne present crisis, then the United States will have surmounted this particular trial; but at the same time two most 3mportant consequences will follow from the mode in which the crisisi has been surmounted, one affecting the balance of parties ia the Union, the other affecting the Constitution of the Union. The Sonth and the North-the slaveowner and the opponent of slavery, whether as ail Abolitionist or Non-extensionist-have hitherto stood on equal ground, and neither party could claim the Union on their side. But such a victory as this will alter this balance, and give a supremacy to the Antislaveryparty,whicli the opposite side vrill h-ve much difficulty in resisting. The one side will feel itself the conqueror, the other the conquered, and Antislavery enthusiasm will gain boldness and strength, while the slaveowner, feeling himself beaten, will henceforth fight the battle of slavery with less confidence. He will feel his wealness, and in proportion as he feels weak he will be sullen and angry ; he will grow disaffected to tiLe Union, and his thoughts wiUl more and more recur, either secretly or openly, to a separation as the ultimate defence for slavery and security for property. He seems at present to depend on the direct favolu± of the Executive for his position; when left to himself Anti-slavery enthusiasm is too strong for him, as the triumphant career of the Free-state party in Kansas at this moment, even withl the Federal forces against them, sufficiently shtows. When the House of Representatives has once tied up the hands of the Executive, his position will be indeed a poor one. This wiUl be one consequence, ihen, of such an upshot of the presentt strugglea change of the balance of parMtes iD the United States. Another consequence will be a modification of the Constitution of the Union. The Senate has on the present occasion placed itself in opposition to thte House of Representatives oit the slavery question, and attempted to throw its shield over the slaveowner. What it is whiecl makes the Senate more favourable than the Lower House to slavery and gives it these Southern sympathies it might be difficult to say. Perhaps the reason may be simply that the Senate is a more oligarchial and therefore a more conservative body than the other House. It is just one step removed from the popular suffrage, and has a barrier which protects it from the purely representative character. It is a body, therefore, naturally more considerate to property and more cautious against the danger of rnpture than the more popularly constituted House. It is less liable to be carded away by party spirit and enthusiasm. But wihatever may be *the reason w.vhy the Senate lhas opposed itself to the House of Representatives on the present question, if the Senate opposes that House, and is obliged to give way, the Senate must necessarily lose in power, as a part of the American Constitution, and the relation in which it stands to the popular House will be affected. This is just one of those precedents which detelmsine subsequent action; if a body gives way once, it must on a similar occasion give -way again; that will be expected from it, it will be considered its proper and constitutional line; opposition to the House of Representatives will be considered unconstitutional, at least on all important subjects. It seems absurd to talk of the Constitution of the United States becoming more popular, sad yet such a triumph as this on the part of the House of Representatives will tend to make it so ; it will give the House of Representatives more of an exclusive position as an exponent of the national will-more, in its attitude to the PasIDS?rr and Senate, of that relation which our own House of Commons has to the CtowiN and the House of Lords. The American DE LoTars will have to modify his accurate outline of the American Constitution, and confess that time and! facts, the growth of precedent, the formation of political wisdom and understanding, have altered its original and designed proportions. Such a crisis as the present one, then, however for the time it may be aot over, must be expected to leave traces behind it. l We cannot hear the prophecy of a rupture of the Union made in the very Senate-house of the lUnited States without apprehension, for it must taLe a great deal to make an AmericaR prophesy anything opposed to American strength and glory. The difficulty of keeping the conflicting elements of which the Republic is composed in order is ev.dently becoming greater every day, and danger seems only to be staved off by means which malke the Federal principle in the country weaker, and so the danger on the next occasion of collision greater.
Our experience of the last fewr years with regard to criminals has not been very agreeable, but we are sure that it has been very salutary, and, that the lessons we have learnt will not; soon be forgotten. Time was when it was thought right to bait our criminals as mercilessly as a farmer destroys vermin, and for every paltry theft. to string them by scores on the gibbet as weasels and magpies are nailed on a barn-door. Tlle distance between those days and the present t ime, when the convict occupies so mach of our; atten'tion, is enormous, and not to be reckoned in years. The mere fact that we' have learnt to respact huinaui life, and to .regard 'the c-ininal as ic; longe'r a thing to be put out of the way in the quickest raode possible, but as a 3an to be. iflueucea,-to be' trained, to be reforined, is a proof how greatly we have advanced. And most vexatious as the result of suspended transportation has.s been to 'us, it has had one good effect in nmaking us more intimately acquainted with the timptations' and difficulties of a class whose ways we have hitherto had little opportunity and little inclination to study. For one thing every man With a spark of benevolence will. rejoicethat -we have in this way been compelled to look to the younger criminals, and to maLe a broad distinction between these and the older convicts. We have hope fkr the former'; in 'this country we have very little hope for the iatter. WC e have been trying every system-the sileit system, the solitary system, the mixed system. the ticketof-leave system,-and at the end of 'all we know not what to do. We are plagued out of giw lives, as many a householder is with a amokL chinmey which he can't cure; and, as the same 'householder, having tried every expedient, at! last put3 out the fire and -declares that he will rather go without than endure sueh a nuisance, aotne-have no doubt at times been ready to look back with admiration'at that' old plan, the easieet of all, by vwhich we saved trouble and unlimited expense by at once extinguishing ou- convicts. It will readily be'underitood .t't we are thus 'illing to look at the bright side of a penal "ystem -which has caused usmuch annoyance from the knowledge that its days are numbered The authoritative exposition of the many . evils in our present penal discipline,T and of the necewsity of returning as far as possible to the old method of tranportation, contained in the resolutions of the' Select Committee of the House of Lords, wvhich appeared in our impression of yesterday, may be regarded as decisive with reference to this most important question. These resolutions but echo the feeling of the country at large, and they are not likely to be negleoted -by the - Government. The question is, indeed, a pressing one, and- in one form or another calls for legislative interference. The ticket-of-leave system was established for a certain number of years, and is now about to expire. Although in some respects it has been disappointing,-very much, we beliee,from causes 'which are -mder our own control,still the principle on -which it is based is too sound to be allowed to faZ into desuetude, and the practice has, 'with all its faults, been so beneficial that it would be insane to allow it to_ die a natural death. It is, therefore, in any case incumbent on the Government to decide howfar and under vhat limitations and improvements they will continue this system of license by 'which a convict: is virtually able to purchase a large remission ofhis sentence. But, then, on the other hand, if the tic;ket-of-leave system is too good to be altogether thrown aside, it must be admitted that I as a substitute for transportation its deficiencies are palpable and incurable. It is absolutely necessary to revert to transportation, which, for the three parties concerned in that mode of punishment-the home population, 'who get rid of their criminals; the criminals, 'who are transported to a new region; the colonists, who obtain a supply of much-needed labour-is the best that has yet been devised. For ourselves it is certainly the best, notwithstanding the large expense 'which the deportation of our convicts necessarily entails-an expense, however, 'which is not so great if 'we compare it 'with the stums 'which are disbursed in the transport of emigrants. For the convict it is the happiest fate in the'world; he has no chance here, 'while in Australasia he has a wide field before him, and no man who is willing to work can say that 'work is refused to him. It is even for the good of the colonies, if the system be properly managed. Let no one retort that the colonies actually refused our convicts. They did, indeed, and we do not wonder at it, considering the recldess manner in -which the crininals were pourec into those regions. it is possible to have too much even of a good thing. Manure is very good for the fields, and yet we have the inhabitants of Flumnstead praying the Metropolitan Board of Works not to send the drainage of London to them. If convicts are to be let loose among a free and respectable population, it must evidently be done wmith moderation and -with stlict precautions. Were it not for gross abuses that crept in and that might have been prevented, the Australian colonies would be receiving our convicts to this day, and only too glad to get them at the cost of this country. How much they are in 'want of labour is sufficiently proved by the fact that during the last tlhree years the three colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia have tan_s-mitted to the Emigration Commissioners in London more than a million and a half of money in order to obtain recruits for their population. For the sake of al parties, therefore, we shall expect to hear soon that measures are taken to obtain a renewal of transportation to the colonies, as well as to continue and to readjust the terms of penal servitude at home. But where, after all, are 'we to send our prisoners ? That is not a very difficult matter to decide. There is the whole northern coast of Australia, and especially the Gulf of Carpentaria, to choose from; not to speak of Vancouvers Island, the Fall;and Islands, and innumerable possessions of Great Britain scattered all over the 'world. Among these a suitable locality will very soon suggest itself, and the only point of importance is to take proper precautions, first of all, that the character of the settlement shall be well defined, so that we may not soon again be in the predicament into which the refusals of some of our colonies to accept our convicts have forced us. Lf, however, the result of such precautions should be that emigrants would bo effectually deterred from t'he spot, and that the colony should prove to be a convict settlement and nothing more, we cannot help think ing that such a result would be far from desirable, one -of the good effects of the old system of transportation on the convict being that he had his ticket-of-leave among respectable colonists, and,when he was free, was free to work his way among honest menj and to earn a position as one of them. It 'will therefore be necessary to provide that, in the event of the colony being resorted to by ordinary settlers, there shall not be too great an infusion of the convict element, and that emigration shall keep pace with transDortation. After the bitter lesson that we have been taught, -we hope that these considerations will not be overlooked, and in this hope we hail with entire satisfaction the prospect of reverting to a system of penal discipline that is soundin theory and that has beer. found most advantageous in practice.
The recent news from Australia is not of very great public interest, but the time which it has required to bring it to England is a very serious consideration. Tho last date from Sydney is to ,the 10th of June. No less a period than a hundred days had been occupied in the transit of the preceding msil. Now, it has been provedif we remember aright the exact figure6that 45 days are an ample alowance for the svoyage between England and her antipodean colonies. Yery great exertions were made during the session to arrive at a settlement of this vexed question with the official personages whose duty it is to take charge of such- matters. After many questions asked and many dilatory answers given, we were at length informecd that a very excellent scheme had been perfected, as a consequence of which our communications with Australia were to be Dut on the most satisfactory footing. This may be so, and no doubt as yet there has been no time for testing the value of the iiew project; but see the consequences of the intermediate neglect. The Kent, lwhich is the name of the last arrival, brought I 83,000 ounces of gold in freight, -besiaes a quantity in private hands, and this great sum has for all this time been tossed about on the waves without profit to anybody. Just the same thing may be said of the passages of previous ships. The direct loss, however, in the shape of interest mnay be consiaered but a alight matter in comparison with the derangement of mercantile operations -which has followed upon the absurd and un- necemsary delay in our communications. Buvers and, sellershavebeen equallyptutto inconvenience. From the delay of remittances, they have been hardly preaedto meet engagements which they huad ontracted under the most legitimate expecation that they should be able to satiy them at masturity. There was rno ldnd- of necesity for Ial this As soen as the peace was coneludedit ,Was perfectly within the competence of -thi autorities to org- :.~ ~~~~~uhoiis to . , . L nize a temporarysystemd cf .Imn"ation, hiich would have naturally te.nius.te wLenfi *e Arrangements for a more permanent 9Wvi ib ii the two countries had been:cainplee. & i',AeA present.moment oulr. docka are gorged witi-h ships, which minight easily - iaTve been 'c.Itl 'into requisition> to sati3fy a paMing, neci.*t. Fad this been ~'-ne, the injury iniiicte4 ,nupo commerce while the Circumlocution-office was weighing and debating The niceties of a - 1rect plan, and -halting between, idle perpleutije, might have been spared. Whether the: ommunication shall lbe by way of Diego Gr-'or the Mauritius is, of course, a point whichf mIay become of very considerable importance -when we are so far advanced in our syatezn of wtal communication with Austrlia as -to be jiiti fled in taking hours and minutes intO account. 2Meanwhile we are losing weeks: and months, and defeating the best calculationseof commercial men, by our remissness and ecrrls. The whole history of the posal arrangements,--or ratler want of arTangements, between ,7;*d End Astralia has been one of the most discreditable chapters in the history of the ::Pstoffice in our own time. iITo doubt the - O'st admirable excuses. can be- devised, but'Zwe heartily agree with a favourite imxim of the" late Dukeof Wd IVEGTON, that persons who are god at excuses are seldom good at anythng else. There is, -we presume,.a reasonable eetion that this abomimable nuisance is soontobe'brcught to a conclusion. 'The Aurdian colonst3, ani as many of our merchants as are engaged in Aaa lian transactimns, have been deeply aggneTed, and have suffered heavy losses in consequence of -the dilatoriness and incapacity of our -offkial imen. On no point of administration haa the great a,rt of doing nothing been carried to a higher point of perfection than in our postal conmnnuicatIons with Australia since Australia has risen into importance. While we are -neglecting so obvious and primary a duty our Transatlantic friends are busy with a project for bringing London and KNew. York into electric union. Souudings have been talken across the Atlantic, and the cable is ready. In a brief space London aad KIew York will be able to communicate in a perioa of time so small as to be inappreciable. London-and Sydney continue apart-if we Measeae in time-by 100 davs.
IRELAND. (FRoM onM OWN CO]sRoNJMNT.) DUBLIN, FRUDAY NfOstterxG. TH t 1aZ 00H DITFlICUITY. A Dublin Derbyite journal (the Express) has hit upon a plan for settlingtheMaynoothdifficulty, tnd, as a eonsequence, heaEng the sores which hiave sprung up in the body politic of the once healthy Conservafive parly. It is so s;imnple that the writer only wonders thlat it has never occurred to any one before. Here is the solution of the riddle which has so long perplexed the brains of Mr. Disraeli, -fr. Spooner, and their followers and admirers:- W'We would apply to Miaynooth the principle contended for by the Church Education Society-the principle, namely, that the State should supply the means of a soand secular education, leaving each cliurch or denomination perfectly frea to impart reliious instruction in its own ' ay, both to its clergy and its laity, the secular education being subject to strict Government inspection, to see that -the Parliamentary grant is honestly appEled to its proper oLj ect and no other. It is 'unquestionably for the benefit of the country that the Irishpnestsshonld-receive sliberal e(utcation. Thisthey cannot obtain without a State endownment. Then let Maynooth have a staff of professors like thoss of the Queen's Colleges to give the scientific and Eterary part of the education, and let thero be also a staff of theological professors, paid by the Roman Catholics themselves, ont of their owun funds, or out of the fees of' the students. In this n,ay the P'rotestants of the united kngdom would get rid of the painful responsibility under -which they now labourin regard to theredigions teachingof MIaynoolb. If the same principle wrere carried out issthe Nationalschools, andin allintermediate endowment schools, and if, on thisjustprincipleof perfectfreedomandeqliultv, the Church Education Society's Schools got their fair samre of the public grant, then we believe the -vexed question of education in this country would be satisfactorily and fir.allO settled. We therefore earnestly submit this solution of the difficultyv to the candid consideration of our contemporarie, and of the statesmen on both sides who have taken part in the discusion of the 3Iaynooth question in Parliament." IE RNALE OF THE INAGH OIXY. The charge preferred against the officers of the Tipperaxy 3ilitia, embodied in the general order of Lord Seaton read at the disembodiment of the regiment on Monday, has, of course, excited an augry feeling among the parties implicated. The official rebuke has already draw n forth the following le'-er from the Adjutant of the corps, addressed to the local journal (the Yicnacgh Guardian)s- eo efficent neasuser however, alpear to bave been adoptEd to retore the discpline of the rei;lent, nr do the iufluence and control tha offi.rs shoald have hod in their nsipective coreaa'es seein to bave been zealously exercised in endearonurin to lemove the allede causes otcomplaint nor ufflcientexertion made to explainthemilitia reglations mnreaect to the clut.bin5 zan bounty. ' 5Slr.-The above is an extract of a letter from the Deputy-Adjutant-General in Ireland, read to our regiment on disembodiment yesterday, and as that corpS have, I regret to say, gained an unfortunate notorlety, I feel sure the above paragraph w,il give a handle (if nacontradicted) to the many who wish to cast a slur on the officers, anmd thereby save Govenunent from the consequences of their own folly in attempting to save a few paltry pounds. "No, to review my text in detail. It is first statedt is to boe presumed, on the report of Colonel Irwin's Coert, 'no efficient measures' were adopted to restore "discipline." The outbreak took place, and 'discipline' was at an end in a few minutes, and every endeavour that men could make was made by tie officers and - ihe w ell-disposed non-conmissioned officers of the _e$imeth. Iadmit that the step by which Colonel Ir;m thought it might be suppressed was not taken. It is an old saying, I the best hurler is on the ditch.' and it is easy to talk, bht I should much like to have seean Colonel Irwin endeavour to arrest the ringleaders on that morning. Had he done so, I believe he never would have lived to be President of the Court of Iniry. It is a very fine thing to state that we (the officers) did not sufficiently exert our 'influence' to exmlain the militia regulations regarding 'hounty' and. clotbing. Itishaxrdto explain t hingstbat are not. No intimation reached the corps as to what the men were to get on disembodimnesjt irtil after the mutiny had taken place; aye, and been heard of at the Rorse Guards, too: and up to this moment there is a -circular which has never reacded t.his regiment even yet, which was heard by us, for the firs' time, when read by the counsel for the defence in the recent trials beford te civil power. As to exertions, I caa-only say tha. for 36 hours the officers were with the men, accomparningthem all night at great personal risk, and sncceeded,Ibelieve, in saving a great portion of the property which the rabbIe of the town were wishng to destroy under cloak of the mutiny of our men. "' I think, Sir, that you, and alt other editors, ouglit to insist on the whole proceedings of that court of inquiry being published, and let the world, who have heard imputations cast on the officers of our regiment also see and judge for themselves on the ev-denoe adducedbefore That Court as to whether we are gallty of the charge of 'deserting'our men,"'until actually called, m I ws4, to lead them against Her fajest'si troops. Hoping tha!9 in common fairness, other journas will copy this ltter, "Iremnain yourobcdiDnt servant, "J. G. Honr,T Captain,' "Nenah, Sept. i. ¢ipperyLght Infatry. The concluding ceremaonies And arrangements previous to the. dispersion of the corps on Monday are thus described bythe Nenaghpaper "The usal fennalities-such as the calling over the names of the regiments,- nominating the permanent tagf, &c.-were then gone through; after -which the nietn were marched in companies into thedr repective robins- to ha-e their accounts settled anad to receive their allowatieo. Before separating they gave hree heartyand aientoian cheers for 'Gallant 'Tip .' a man gt25&.-ld This included los. balance of bounty for iS56, I4I, gratuity for 14 days from disemnbodiment of regiment, and Is. Id. muy and liqor-money for 'st Sepitember. In additfon the men eceivYed archingmoney at the rate of 4d. each for every clear 10' miles they had to ttavel to wlch tihear homes, iE in'the country; if out of it, they got to the nerest point to their homes on the borders of the county.. For every wornan 'legalY' married, marchiugrmoneyat the rate of 1ad. anile was given, and, if ahe had clildren, Id. per meile-w granted for each child. As the men were pid off te left the brrack in the most peaoeable and orderly anner, and all seemed well satisfied. aving doed the old 'r n- tals,' such of them as still wore the last rsenmnaa of tbm soldier's garb-many of themx lua,inghadto purhaae clothe; besforehand for want of aoinething to shlte themO foDM thet esather-and substituted in their toA the more comfort. able ipparel of the civilian, they tok their dertr for their sbeveral homes." ]-
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the other halves of two 501.-notes of one 101., and of one 51.-note, from "P. M.",; nso, the fimt halves of two 51.-notes for income-tax from 9 B. H." T iC;IVm SERvICE.-WarDepartnent.-The Barvack-mastershipof Preston bas become vacant by the death of Lieutenaut .neas hl'Goldrick. Colonel Wilford has been appomted Goveznor of the Royal Military Academy at ^ oolsnch; Captain Buller has been appointed Goverbor of the New Convict Establishment, Chatham The Rome Department.-The office of one of the metropolitan police mnn'strates has become vacant by the death of Mr. Gil?sert Abbott a Beckett. House of Commons-A muessengership in the House of Commons has become cant by the death of Mr. Hugh Mallow. Post-oficeTJL J. R. Ekins has been appointed clerk to the Postmaster of DeaL Knights of Windsor.-A vacancy on the Royal Foundation of the Military Knights of Windsor has been canad by the death of Identenant Hugh Eleming. Coastgu-a-L-A vacancy has been caused in the Second-Master. ship at S wanage, Dorset, by the death of MIr. Sydney Yorke Askey. Customs.-Mr. J. F. Hadden has been promoted from Collector at Portsmouth to be Collector at Greenock; L. D. Colquhoun has been promoted from Collector at Limerick to be Collector at Portsmouth; Mr. J. Fca has been promoted from Collector at Dover to be Collector at Limerick; Mr. J. G. Beresford has been romoted from Collector at Penzance to be Collector at 0)overx;blr. W. EL Holmes has been promoted from Collector at Galway to be Collector at Pensance; Mr. A. Thomson has been promoted from Controller at WhiteLaven to be Collector at Galway - Mr W Tickner has been pomoted from Controller at *ewzy to be Controller at Whitehaven; Xr. J. tughes has been promoted from Collector at Bridgewater to be Controller at nZew rr. GM Williams has been promoted from Controller to Coflectoz at Bridgewater; Mfr. T. Jackson has been promoted from Controller at Coleraine to be Controller at Bridgewater. balta.-A vacancy has been created in the office of Saperintendent of Quarantina and of Marine Police by the death of .aptain Graves, R.N.-Ciri.&-cc GazeeUe. TMn Dux OF CAZrRBIDGB.-The Commander-inCief is at present staying at Gordon-castle. On Monday last, accompanied by the Duke of Richmond and Prince Edward of Saxo Weimar, he drove over from the Castle and paid an unexpected but most welcome visit to Fort George. A most minute inscection of the place was made, and his Royal Highness expressed his determination to have various improvements made for the comfort and convenience of the troops. The barracks are immediately to undergo repair, and be made available to contain a battalion consisting of four Highland depOts At present the 92d depOt occupy a portion of the barracks, and a company of the 79th, the latter consisting of 3 officers and under 100 rank and file. The 72d, 79th, and 91st, are expected shortly to augment the present small garrison. his RoyalHighness found an order existed which prevented the officers or men from plaving cricket or quoits on the grass in front of the barracks, and, with a refreshing absence of red-tapeism, he immediately cancelled the order, to the great delight of the oficers present. He also made a searcbing inquiry into tha nlumber of quaters occulpied by -clezks and otherofficiais abontthe buildings, who never hess toaetoappropriateroomyandlarge quarters for themselves, =ad very frequently leave brtone room foramilitaryofficerto exst in as he can. If the new Commander-i-Chief continues thus to rely upon his own observation and judgment, and will assign to the reports of semi-military officials no more importance tban those representations deserve, we shaU find the army in no short tin&e mosG efficiently reformed. whle his Royal Highness wll rermain as popular as '. is at present with both officers and men, and will secure an increasing share of the gratitude of the country. After the inspection his RCoyal Highness and Prince :Edwzard of Saxe Weimarpartcook of refreshment in the messroom of the 92d.-Catedoisien MAercu,-y. - Tan Susrosn LOSS OF A. ScRwV COLrE. -S.rDS, Thursday Night.-After a careful inquiry to-day I learn that neither the owners nor agents of the 77htley Park screw collier have received any account of her since she left the Tyne on the 17th of August, laden with coals for Havre, and there is not the least doubt in the minds of seafaring people in this port that she has foundered with all hands, and has not left a record of her fate behind her. Vessels that were navigating the 3forth Sea immediately after she proceeded nnoon her voyage encountered gales of wind and a heavy sea; in fact, it is stated that one of the london aud Tyne goods steamers which sailed with her was obliUgd' to throw some goods overboard to save the shi while crossng Bostou Deeps, and it is conjecturedt the Whitley Pzar, which was deeply laden, must have shipped a sea wvhile maaking that passage and gone dovw with all hands. She had either 15 or 16hands en board when she left the port, but as Havre is considred to be in the coasting trade a copy of her articles 'was not deposited at the shipping-office, and their names camnot he ascertained. She was commanded by Mr. Gardner, of Dundee. Her mate was Mr. Proctor, formerly master of a Newcastle and London trader. The Whitley P ax} vras built at Jarrrow in 1854, is registered 431 tons6 and was the property of Mes. G. and C. h. Palmer, of Jarrow, and Alessrs. J. J. Allport and ML Kertley, of Derby. IPxARma or ST. J3rEs, Curaxmh m=.-On Thursday evening, at 7 o'clock, a numerous meeting of the vestrymen of St. Jamee's parish, Clerkenwell, was held at the Vestry-hall, Rosamond-street, to receive the opinions of Sir F. Kelly iad lr. Atherton with reference to the powers of the vestry, under the Local Managemebt Act, as to the appointment of the incumbent * Mr. W. Jones, churchwarde,i, in the chair. Mr. Boulton, solicitor, obtuned the opinion of Mr. Atherton, and Mr. Wekelin, vestry cerk;, received that of Sir F. Kelly. They were beth read, and the purport of them was that the vestry, constitutedunderthel.ocahlManagement Act,had the power of eecting the minister. The first named counsel observed that some might have doubtg as to the power, but " he thought the vestry might assert their right to elect." The chairman observed that he had received a letter from the Bishop of London in reference to tho election of the incunbent, which he would read. The following i5 a copy of the letter:- r "Fulham-palace, Aug. 19. "Gentlemen,-.-The Bishop of London having been iformed that the incumbency of St. James, Clerkenwell, i snow v.acant, and n the appointment to the vacancy will be by a opular election, he thinks it possible that the canld3ates tor the incumbency may be called upon to yOreaoh probationary sermons. His Lordship, therefore, desires me to remind you that he always forbids such a mractice, and he Jeonests you will not alloF the pulpit of St. James's c(h0= to be occupied for that purpose by any one of thes gentlemen who maybe candidatesfor the vant incunahlency. "I have the honour to be, gentlemen, "Your obedient eervant, T ". G. BLo MD.n, Chaplain. el To the Churchwardeus of St. James's, ClerkensselL.' The chairman sidd the Bishop had probably issued this pro. libition in the belief that the eleceion was to be a sopular one. A resolution was then adopted to the effect fibt the Clerk be instructed to advertise thevacancy, and that alpl1i tations and testinmnials ba received at the next meetnlw; also that the Bishop of London should be informed thatthe olection was by the vestry, and bo requested to give his Lmaction to the preaching of candidates in the parish church durin, one month only. There are already 25 candidates for th2 incuvbcnry. We ntis requegted to state that the connexion of lilt. Robert IrKeen, of Ne City-chambers, Bisbopagatectree, -with thu rm of lamont, Mlarty, and Coa, of livepool, whoreh sespension was recently announced, =casedh S isuolicn of partnership in March, 1864; and that. fi-. 2K=aa has not since hd any intrat in that houLr-. . 1 , ,,:
FT. AXN T CRANNEL. -(BY IELEOTmO T1l;EasrApH) PLYAIOUTE, FLIDAY RvmmG. The pilot Sloop Perseverance brought in here this after. noon the master, mate, and 10 of the crew, with 10 pasaengers,being all who are supposed to be saved from the ship OceanHome, which-left Rotterdan on the lstinst. 'With 10S souls. The Oceaun Home belonged to Brunswifk, State of Ithne, a 6 tons, Captain A. H. Merryman, and was laden vith a genedal catro of madder, gin, wine, block tin, &c., andi bound to New York; crew, incluading officers, 17; passengers (men, women,fand children), 88. This morning she was going down the Channel under all possible sail, royals, topgallant, studding sails, &o., Tind S.E. by S., on the pert quarter; ard at 20 minutes pant 2 o'clock, when the Liard bore north, distant about25rciles, vwasrun intoon the north bow by the ship Cherubim, of 2,000 tons, from New York for London. The fozemast of the Ocen.l Home was carried over the offside, and she went down in about 20 minutes. Seven of the seamen jumped instantly into-the rigging of the Cherubim. Most of the passengers were asleep in their berths, but 10 contrived, with three of the crew, to get into a quarter-boat, and in a sinling state to join the Chernbim, which was then at some distance. By the concussion the windlass was driven on the forehatch, which prevented the seamen below from coming on deck. Captain Merryman ran to the after hatch to caU the passengers, and was taken down with the ship, after being entangled Vith the rigging; hecame to the surface, caught hold of a piece of wood, and then of a cabin-door, Vaich supported him four hours, when ho, with the mate, who wVa saved in a similar manner, was rescued by the Cherabim's boat. The second mate and two hands left theOceanHome in one of the boats, but it is supposed that they perished. The Cherubim, Captain Smith, of Pichmond, United States, has a general cargoanda d v umber of pbnzces, among whom are the widow and fife children of the late British Consul at New York, who died very. suddenly 14 days after sailing. The cutwater of this ship is Iknocled away and some of the trenails and butts started, but she has proceeded up ChanneL IIST OP SAVE. Crew.-Captain A. H. Merryman, chief officer, Shields; ship's cook, Daniel Reed; passenger.? cook, John Scott; seamen-John Anderson, Alfred Aspigoin, Charles Anderson, John Dalton, Edward Brown, Christiaa Rash, Simon KuB, and James Cunninghame. Passengers.-Walter Makey, Derrick Asdersen, Gambler WynfeD, Kais Acmalac, Abraham Kelley, Martin Dabant, Areva Wakssen, G. Vensink, H. J. Tet Slaa, and G. J. TerH orst. The crev of tho Ocean Home, in charge of the American Consul, and the passengers, in charge of the Shipwrecked Mariners Society, have been safely lodged at the Sailors' Home.
EA LLIA'G OFA PORTIONVOF ,THF WEELINGTON I BABBCES. Yesterday an inquiry, which lasted for upwards of six hours, was held before M1r. Langhami, the Deptuty Coroner for the citY of Wtttminster, touching the death of Thomas Connier, aged 40 vears, who lost his Rlife by the falling of a, prition of the new wing of the Wellington Barracks in It will be recolleced that the whole of the corner of the coping-stone fell down, preiptating six persouls to the ground, one of whom was kll%ed on the spot, and five others so serionsly wounded that it is very doubtful whether any will recover. The inquiry took place at Westminster Hospital. The-re were several Government officials present. The first witness examinied was Andrew Mall, who identified the body of the deceased. Alfred wells, potman a-t the Xing's Head, James-street, Wesstminster, said that aboutt lO minut-es before 10 on Wed. nesday morning lhe went on to the scafold with a can of beer, for the purpose of supplying the workmen, as usual, with their morning beer. He was inthe actof pouringout a. half-pint of beer to Matthews, one of the injured men, who was standing on the Corner of the coping atone. Witness saw the coping crack, and immnediat-ely fell back inLto the gutter on to theo roof with his can. The stone fell, carrying, away a portion of the wall, anI precipitating six mnen on to the scaffolding and carrying the whole to the ground. By the Coroner.-There was nothing weighty, and only one man standinig on the atone when he saw it crack. WWlliam Herrickc stated tha.t he was a bricklayer, and was at. work- on the scaffold when the accident occurred. He had just finishbedl the work he was engaged on, near where the accident took place, and wias coming towards the potman for his beer when he saw the coping cant over. Charles Simpson and others wvere trying to get their beer. Bytetime he got up to tho front hesaw tesoefl falling,folld? over,harryn aportin ofthe wll, indiknocked thersef werenot 00 f brcks r aston onthe scaffold at the Coronxer.-Was it a good scaffolding? Witness.-I hav;e seen worse. By a Juror.-What was the width of the coping-atone ?- 18 inches in and 15 projecting. The counterbalancing weights were nLot puLt on. By a Juror.-lid yon consider the putlogs (the crossbeamis in the scaffolding) were strong enough ? W-itness.-I did nothuild the scaffolding. I don't know. At this stage of the proceedings a juror suggested to the. Coroner the advisability of ordering the contractors from the court, as he thought that their presence prevented the witnesses from stating all they knew. Charles Thomosen denosed that he had superintendedl the erection of the s6a flold; lisethought it was strong, but he had never erectedl one before in London, and did not know what round putlogs were. Several oil~er wvitnesses wrere examined, who deposed to the same facts, and it was admit-ted by all that if beecoh or fir putlogs had been used the scaffold might have resisted the -weight. Henry Keen, a bricklayer, said that he was on the scaffold at the time of the accident. Hle considered it was caused by thelad Simpson standing on t'he stones, and knock. ing them to level them downm. There was a foreman to the lob, but he was not there when the occurrence took place. There were no iron Cramps at the building on Wednesday mnorning, but the foreman had gone to see after them. A Juror.-Some of the workmen, while we were looking over the building, Mr. CoronLer, said that t'hey -wou-ld hiave come forward, but they were afraid of the corseqences. The Coroner---This is far two serous a matter to be stated in a conversation; we oug-ht to have it on oath. Juror.-But I assure you there was a man at work on the building who aeositively said that he shomld like to give evidence, but he wvas afraid he should be dischred. Comeer.-Then, if much is the cese, for -.he sake of the public and the Contractors, the inqniry shouldl be adjourned. After some fnrther- ecversation on. this point, Mr. Arthur Chester was sworn and deposed that he was house surgeon. When the deceased 'was brought in with five other persons they were at once attended by witness, Messrs. Barnard, Holt, Holtbhouse, and Hillman. The deceased had sustained an extensive fracture of the skull and died in about 10 minutes after his admission. George Sais, foreman, sad ;that he was not present ats the accident. He saw the cornice about 9 o'clock in the morning, aind left to go to the elty to see after the iron cramps, which ought to have been there on that morning. He did niot give any orders for the men. t-o proceed with the work withoat the cramps, and as the accidenat ha penedl during his absence he could not. say how far they hdgot on. I; was ins the spe-cification) that the cramps were to te presvided, but if they had not been in the contract he should not bave' Considered them necessary, The ladl S-impon standling on the stome loosened the joints and caused the accident. Coroner.-lNow, relative to the important Communication made by one of the gentlemen of thae jury as to rome of the' men having been intimidatcd,-is that a fact ? Witness.-I can only say I have no's heard of it. Coroner-Has there been a strike among the menL since the commencement of the works ? Witness.-Yes ; but that occurred about two or three orner.~-Did yrou think it necessary to prop up the cornice? Witness.-No; cei~tainly not. Coronr~Uutif it had been propped up wouldl this have taken place? Witness.-No, it would not. Br. James Jones, a builder, said he went to zee the build. ing after the accident, and found the putlogs to be only saw qurtrin Sfee b 4 nces.Hehad worked for By a Juror.-Ho thought most decidedly limo putlogs 'wer Ilaced too wido apart. The scaffold was naot strong enough This being tho whole of the evidence, the coroner sumamed up, the court was cleared and, after a consultation of about en hour-andl-a-half, the jury returned the following verdict: -"That ths death of Thomas Couner wax occasioned b,v a portion of the cornice falling on him, but, bad the nonn cramps directed to be used bY the sjpecifiextion beon apafle as the building progressed, the accdent would havePben prevented." ________
URENTRAL ASIE RIOA.-One of the latest -Vessels 'Which have sailed for Amnerica carried out very important communications. On Thureclaynight the gentlemen who represented the State of Honduras in the conferences bet-aeon therepresentatives of Her Majesty and of the United States of Amierica left this country, to return, we believe, to their resuective posts; M~ Herren being the Envoy of the State off Ilonduras accredited to the Government of His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and Mi. Alvuarao bearing credentials addressed to the Govern-ment of the United States of America. It is no secret that those gentlemen depart in a highly gratified frame of mind, .having accmplished the obect of their mission. That objEcot was, mndeed, one of cn siderable interest for greater StAtes then the small but independent and sovereign province of Honduras. Ouxr readers wil remember that the States of Central America occupy what seems destined to he the great highvmwayarss theolob from Western Europe to t'he extreme east. Their political power is small, their ability to control the course of affirs insufficient. On a superficial glance Great Britain and the United States bad rival interests in obtaining the guarantee for the transit across that part of the continient a transit whic1-. desirably unites the eastern and western afores of the Gre-_ Iepubllc, and gives England a direc route to hter markets and colonies in the far eat. They resolved not to contend, hot to combine, and hence the Clayton-Bulwer treat y. That document, however, as so often. happens in the search for definiteo stipulations; failledto comprisei all. the conditions essentia to a complete understanding reapecting every branch of the compicted Central Americau question. The dispute seemedl to be a.t a dead locl-, of which the liti. punts were the only udges. A. reference to a third party involved the risk of. futer complications, as we have Eeen exemplified in previous mediationg between the two countries. It was underthcsecircumstanemthat the little State of Hondura, with an intellgent eye to the opportunity, presented, inthemostmoclest tene, aclaimto a portion of the territory which was in dispute. The United States maintaimed that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty precluded Gret Britain frorri continuing the occupation of the isand of Ruatan and the others of the Bay Islands! group; Great Britain sto-od uponxthe facts antecedent to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Tere seemed a dead leck, -when Honduras, byj its representatives, ingenuously put in its claim to d!ependencies which are georahically aninexed to its sliores. This- cWam,p feNezith great intelligence, was not repelled- h utafter a friendly'negotiation the plenipotentlaxies of' ondura have effected a -treaty. -which, on the one part, coedes the islandls in question to the State of Honduras -and oni the other gives certain guarantees forthe neutrality and sBcrit of transit inso much of the territory of "CentralAnserica" as fails under the conxtrol of the Government of Honduras. Indeed the interests of Honduraw pledge her to the maainte. nance of neutrality and free transit, and we understand that the conclusion of this arranement' ha given a decided impulse to the plan for establishing a really efficient tr-ansit across the Isthmus. The ageement with Honduras bad a further beneficial effect. Sleeing the progress thus mnade towards placing the Central American territory uinder a neutral guarantee, the Governmient of the United States mad propositions intendrd to facilitate a more general settlement of t-he other brauches of the question at jause. It is now no secret that these more recent propositions were met in a corresponding~ apiret ; and the Americaja Mrinster at this Court has 'Vee enabled to forward a communicastion which is believed likely to be satisfactory, to his Government. Of cours such a communication awaits the consideration by the Senate, and we are not aLt liberty to anticipate the resultof the final formalities. Nevertheless, we cannot help sharing the hopo thtat the latest communications will be found to have Bettled this whole class of questions consistentIy withi the dignity of both the Powers engaged. The me're, fact of settlement wil dir-actly benefit the material iuterests, probably the political and social. welIfare, of the smaller States whose ter-ritories will enjoy the trxansit. It wel ohpen a new highway in which England and Amnerica can, as heretofore, pursu a further extension of that vact commierce that is already O'Onferi~omn tasijile an muralbenefts upn the orld.- Rev. Oseuswrr.-ho viesrae of Yen torI thle
I j I . , H . (PROM 0r OWS rmPORT3RU . Th -r io-esil BIUflGHAMx SEI. 5. f camo to ans ond last night with the most succeassol performanoe, so ar8pDuniay results are concerned, which ba6 taken plaeo, mnorniing or evening, since the oommneneement. The: new :music-iall was Crammed, both in galleries and area, and presented a reaUy magnificent spoetacle. 'The "beauty"! of -Wfarwickshire is proverbial; andanyscepti omight hawv convinced himself that th reputation of the county for tnis eaviable distinction WAs not usurped, but legitimate. -.Of thle very striking ad original character of the interior of the hbll moro could bs written -tban would probably have any chance of being ead out of Birminghlam. It is nique amen, the buildings of its kdnd in Great Britain. There is one defect, however, which hba nothing to do with its decorative or architectural mefits, ana which was not discovered till las. night, .when the hal was crowded in every part.* The ventilation is inefacient, and the heat was intense and scarcely tolerable. This must be remedied at oneo; and we have little doubt but that Mr. Cranston and the comnmittee will turn their attention to it without delay. The programme was, on the whole, much superior to that of the preceding concert. -it begaa with the overture to Der Frdisc4ibt to which magnificent dramatia prelude the band, under Mr. Mfellon's direction, did full justice, according to their wont, although in Webee's orchestral music the necessity of a large body of stringed instrunents is more seriouslyfeltthaninalmost any other. Thebrilliantsuite I de conredanses, styled by courtesy overture to zampq, (the least musically interesting part of lLtold's most ambitious opera), was equally successful with regard to the ananncr of its exec'tion. But best of all the orchestral performances, however, and, from a musical point of view, the greatest treat of the evening, was hlendelssobns' "Italian" symphony in A major, which if ariy German "Grand Duke" could have heard played, he would have offered 3Mr. Mellon and his sealus compny of imstru. mentaListe an engagement for life. The symphony was l3d3ly. applauded throughout, and the majority of the audience were desirous of hearing the exquisite ana'ante in D minor again; but they were opposed by certan "Philistines,"- the foremost to encore the most trumpery ballads at the firt evening concert. In this instance Bradford might teach a lesson to Bi2mingham, in spite of that fame which, accoidingto the local paperquoted yesterday, "has gone out to tiw en o of the carth," andnmade of the latter "a nursery," "saturated, as it were, with a lovo of the Divine art-in short, a "musical Rome." Mr. Simms again performed npon the new orgau, again confirmed the opinion so unanimously pronounced of its superior excellence, and was aggain uufortanate (with a single exception) in his choice of music. Among other things, he introducedthe andanS fromu one of Haydn's early symplcnies-familiarly styled The Su2prise, in conseqtaence of a loud thump on the drum in the leading theme of that movement, and wFhich in a measure iustifies its nomenclature. (By a parity of reasoning' the introduction to Weber's overture to Oberon might be similarly christened.) The idea of playing a symphonic movement on the organ, in presence of an orchestra, which in such performances the organist can only endeavour to imitate, was, to employ the mildest term, absurd. Besides, onG of the organ sonatas of Xandelssohn, uncurtailed, or ore of the great pedal fugues of Sebastian Bach, would havo better suited the purposethan an unconnected series of short pieces. So noble an instrument deserved graver treatment on the occasion of its first presentation to the public; aud an experiencedpperf ormerlike the organist of St. Philip's couldsafelyhaveventureduponhighergronnd. Hemightthen have accepted with more conscious dignity the applause that acknowledged his exertions. The other instrumental display vwas a solo on the violonceUllo-n snorceau of exceeding and at the same time utterly ungrateful difficulty-fantastically entitledA-DreanofArlody. Theexecutionof Mr.G.CoIlins our most rising violoncellist, was surprisingly accurato and dexerons ; but we are unable to bestow a word of praiso upon h-is composition-a weak specimen of the most trashy sort of modern_fantasia. Why will not our young aud clever ,ustrumental players put a bold face on the matter, and resolutely throw off the, trammels of this pernicious style of music-or, to be nearer truth, of trickerya style invented by the least admirable among their foreign contemporaries, and calculated to debase art to the level of charlatanism. There is no meaning whatever in such compositions, -which are nothing better, in fact, than Ogregious nonsense. To have done with the instrumental solos, Signor Picco, "the Sardinian minstre]," whose performancs have been so often heard and described in London, officiated twice upon the tibiapastorale, to the eviden' satisfaction of his audience, who applauded bim voc;ferously'and encored him on both occasions. One of themost promin6nt features of this concert was a selection from Mrr. Costa's oratorio of Eli. It, comprised the chorus of Leviteo " 0 ye Idndreds of the people," with the corakl, "How mighty is thy nanme;" the scene of ERli's sacrifice (for MIr. Weiss and chorus); the war-song of Saph, "Philistines harlP' (Air. Sims Reeves and chorus); and the recitative and evening Prayer of Samuel, " This night I lift my heart to Thee" (Miss Dolby). Wherever the solo singers and orchestra were engaged the execution of these Pieces was irreproachable. Mr. Weiss sang the bass recitatives of the prophet with becoming dignity; Mr. Sims Reeves was as splendidly energetic as ever in the uproarious summons of the Philstine chief; and Miss Dolby gave the evening prayer (one of the most genuine and beautiful songs in the oratorio) so charmingiy, with such repose and well-judged simplicity of manner, that she was universally called upon to rapeat it. The chorus was imperfect, unsteady, and out of tune from first to last. In Beethoven's glowing, and sablime descriptive piece, entitled "The calm of the sea," they Were still worse. We cannot, indeed, remember a parallel example of false intonation obstinately maintained, at various degrees of intensity, throughout the duration of a long composition. The success with which the choristers of the new Music-hall have managed to sing out of tune in every instince is the more remarkable, since thoy were supported by an orchestra in every respect faultless, and an organ which (unlike the majority of organs), was, for technical reasons needless to particulaize, invariablyin perfect tune with thek wind and stringed instruments. Among the other vocal mor-ceeux may be cited Madame Novel-o's much-cherished scna,s "Ocean, thou mighty monster," to which the accomplished lady adheres with almost unprecedented fidelity; ballads by Mfessrs. Weiss and Thomas; Haydn's somewhat old-maidish canzonet, "My mother bids me bind my hair " and the spirited and capital bass song from Mr. Henry Smart's opera of Be-ta,'which Mr. Weiss sang both with vigour and intelligence. "God save the Queen" brought the concort and the "inauguration" to a conclusion, with an approved manifestation of loyalty. This morning early, how. ever, there was a kdnd of appendix to the festival in the ahape of an extemporaneous performance on the now organ, by Mr. HenrySmart, who for upwards of an hour entertained a select audience, and exhibited the qualities of the instrument with that masterly skdll for which he is noted. In a pecuniary sense this meeting has been a failure, notwithstanding that the large-receipts obtained at tbe final concert afforded a seasonablo relief to the projectors. From another point of view, we think, a partial mistake was comn. mitted. Mr. Alfeed Mellon, who did all that was assgned himwiththeuatmostefficieney, andtothesatisfactioniathof hiz employers anathepublic,hasrisen4hAgheringeneralme £imationthanhe stoodbefore, and shownhimselfas familisr with oratorios as withlsymphonies. But hispowers wero msLited; nor had he either the authority or the means to institute porformances on a grander scale, commensurate with the interest of the occasion. This was a pity. Such ninsportaent addition to the artistic means and appliances of the town deserved to be inaugurated in a style of greater ere. mony. The engagement of Mr. Alfred Mellon demonstrated both courage (Mr. Mhellon being a native and, of course, not a ophet ini his birthplace) and right feeling; and had cares M ben a corded him-which.we can onlypnsume was not the case-there would have -been, in all probalflity, greater reason for congratulation than under the actiua circumstances. ITeverheless, Birmningham has got a newnksithall, and wve entertain small doubt wil nu t Mto the best uses. This la the great fact, to wvhich the &itertainmznents of the wreek have boen merely incidentaL.
, XEYOVArWIY OF GSGOW UaTzDAAL.A GLASGO*, T1tXRSDil. A. meeting was held in Glasgow to-day for the purve.. of putting the fliishinglkd t'o the renovation of, this time. honoured and magniflcent strcture. Before givin details itmabeproper to shtte tha,- the'cahedraf of- l^Ow ec Ony e siastcl edifice which eC destruction atthe Reformation-an exemMion Which 2t oweed to the publio Spirit of ,its.. inhsabitnts, ~Who muocesaslly resisted th furious seal of the Presbyterian clergy.. Until about 15 years ago ,the structure'emained almost entirely negleced;- bttt then- 'ihe Commissioners of Woods ani Forests (to whom the cathedral belongs), at the instigation of the citizens, took up the matter, and, assisted y the corporation of Glasgow, have restored the fabric to its pristine beauty, and- it now sands the most magnieent specimen of Gothic architecture ini the idggdons. The. renovations havecost about 17,0001., of whih the city hve contributed nearly 3,WO0' As the restorationof the building was coming.to a close, it was decmedhby&mnythat it -would notbe complete upless thewiadowrs were flled in vith stained glass inthe very highest style of the art. - A subscription ws aceordingly organized on:the plan that each contributor should fil inone windovw, andit hAs been maost successful, The four principal windows, which wil eost from SOOl to. 1,00O. each. are to be filled iu respectively by the Government, the Trades House of Glasgow, theDuake of Hamilton, and thol essrs. B _ild of Gartsherrie, the wealthy iron. masters There are upwards. of 40 smaller windows,the fling i of which will cost about M20. each, and thesehave been taklen up by the Duk-e of Moh. trose, the Duke of Buceleuch, the Earl of Eglintoun, the Barl of Glasgow, Lord Douglas, Lord Belhaven, 'the great ajority falling to the share of private citizens of Glasgow. When eompleted it is expected that it will exhibit the finest spaecinen of glass-stained windowv in the kingdom. 'l'he first meeting of the subscribers was held to finest Lord Provost in the 3hair. - eld to-day, the The LossnPROVOST Said,-Xy Lord .ukos, Noblemen, an1d Gentlemen,-There -has- no circunistaneein my public life so much pleased mo as the meeting here to-day. The proposal to introduce stained glass of a high class of art nto our cathedral originated in the desire of the magistrates and ecuicil that, while the Government operations for the restoration of the eathedril -were uoing on, tho eostern windowr, which ws already partaly cooured, should. be completed by Government dn -the highest- style of tho glass staining art. On application to Government, through their architect, T was led to understand that an application to complete the colouring on the eastern window would be more favouably received were it possible to state at the same tme that the citizens of Glasgow and the neigh. bouring gentry were willing to adorn the western window in the same manner as Government might 'oe asked to treat the eastern wmindow. In communing with some of our most public-spiritedclitizens on the subject there was immediately a proposal from some of them to put in a window each. This has reslted in many gentlemen partly connected with Glasgow, coming forward in the same handsome and generous mnanner; and the feeling in favour of this improvement has been so strong and so uni. versal that we are now met-to-day for the purpose of organ. izmng some plan which shall carry out tbhe wishes of the subscribers. There can be no doubt that unitv of design is what ill be most agreeable to the subscribers themselves, most lkely to redoun4to their own credit, most agreeable to parties who can judge of art, and most likely to advance the object we ahave in view. The Glasgov cathedral has stood for ages as an object of admiration and veneration to citizens and strangers. The improvements carried out' by Government have done very much to restore this ancient buildingto the positionit now ocupie; andam proud to say that yesterday Sir Benjanun i all, who paid a visit to the cathedral, and insDoected it minutely, pronounced it one of the finest buildings of the kind in Europe. Sir Benjamim -also stated that Government would be quite -wlling to co-operate with the sabscribers in regard to theeastern vndow, andthat, whateverplan might be fixed upon, "hey would be ready to give their assistance in anyw;ay. We have met, therefore, to consider the best mode ofarrangingfor the execution and completion of the work in such a way that it maybe not only an honour to ourselves, but a fine 'work of art which Will gratify strangers who visit this place, and shov to the world that Scotland has a pleasure in recognizing the grandeur of this building, and a wish to perpetuate itsexisteuce and enhance its beauty, by obtaining for it the artistic labours of men capable of adding to its embellishment. I repeat that I have great pleasure in receiving this meeting here to-day sad beg two call upon the DukSe of Eamilton to move the first resolution. Hlis Grace the Duke of HA1,ILTO1; said,-In moving the first resolution I may say that, in looking over the list of gentlemen who have ra ed to put in windows of stained glass into the cathed I observe three of the four large windows have been already Jngaed for-one by the Board of Works, one by the Messrs. Baird, and one by the Trades House. From my old attachment to this place, and desire to assist in so laudable a scheme as the embe lisme'nt of the cathedral, I of5er-and I hope the offer will be acceptei-to fil ithe fourth window myself (ltich applause.) Ihave, then, to move, as the first resolution:- " That it is desirable to complete the restoration of the cathedral of Glasgow by filling the whole of the windows withpaintedglass." Mr. J. T m-sisr, - St. Bollox, seconded the resolution,' and it was unanimously adopted. Hi - race the Duke of lllomngosE, being called upon by thb Lord Provost to move the second resolution, said,-The LordProvost has ex:plained so fully to you the object ofthis meeting that it is nnnecessary for me to add anything on the subject. The resolution-put into my hands appears to me to be quite in unison with the ideas and feelings he has expressed, and a natural following up of the resolution already agreed to. Thoresolution ises follows:- "That it is desirable that the subscribers to this interesting and important undertalking should unite in promoting the adoption of a harmonious plan of decoration, suitable to the character of the bulldin-, and -worthy of the puit and dignity of its architerture.y'ftpr We must all of us wish that the decorations should be suitable to the character of the building, and worthy of it; and for that purpose I agree entirely i thinling that it is very desirable to adopt some mode of procemure which Will insure a harmonious plan of decoration. Of course, this is only a prelirninary resolution, pointing ont the desirableness of attasining this object, and the parties to whom the direction may be intrusted vill naturaly resolve afterwards upon some particular united plan of operation, taking it more out of the individual hands of the subscribers themselves. But it is quite evident that it is desirable to arrange matters in such a way as that a harmonious plan shall e carried out; and:E have no doubt you will, .eccordingly, at once agree to the resolution I have proposed with that view. Mr. CA BrnELL, of Blythswood, in seconding the tesolution, remarked that individuals and public bodies -who subscribed for windows might desire that there should be some aclnowledgment of the gift by the introduction of their names in connexion -with the -work. He had no doubt the gentlemen to whom the ulans were submitted would be easily able to arrange thatmatter to the satisfaction of al concerned. This resolution was also passedby acclamation. Mr. STaRLING, of Eeir, 3LP., said,-I have to move, as he third resolution, "T hat the following gentlemen be named a committee to procure information as to the best means of carrying the foreoing resolution into effect, and tD comMUnicate the result of their inquiries to the Government and to the subscribers, with power to add to their number .-The Hon. the Lord Provost, Convener, His Grace the Duke of Hamil ton, the Right Ron. the E7rl of Eglmtoun, the Right Hon. LJord Beihaven, Sir A. Campbell, Bart., Mr. W. Stirling, Xeir,l.P., hMr.J. Baird,M.P.,hlr. R Dalglish, MIr.W. c. Ewing, Mr. W. E3ving, lz P. Hutchison, Mr. H. N~apier; Mr. J . Wilson, Convener of the Trades' Hiouse; Dr. Strong treasurer; C. H. Wilson, secretary." These are the;names, and I ha-ve no doubt they have been chosen by the Lord Provost and the present acting committee as those in whom the subscribers in general would be likely to have confidence. I think I may say that all the names-that of the present speaker, of course, always excepted-are those of gentlemen whose position in the neighbourhood will enable them to attend, and ,vhoso knowledge of art and interest in Glasgow are sfEdcient to enablethemfto give both veryvigil1ntand useful attention to the objectinviewr.lithregardto *hat fellfrom Mr. Campbell of Blythswood, as regards the names of the donors, though that is ama titr of detail which of course, will comewithin the conizance of the committee, I may say that Iremember in the great church at Munich, containing, perhaps, the finest painted-glass in Europe, there is at the bottom of each window the name of the donor, and the effect of these names is very good, and quite in keeping with the style of decoration. I shall only venture to say that I hope the subseribers, as a body, - llow this committee ample time to investigato the subject and make their renort, and that the harmony of action necessary in carTying out a great work of this kind will not only regulate the proceedings of the committee, but wil also regulate the proceedings of the subscribers. I venture with great deference to ask leave to malke one addition tothe resolution-viz., that the committee have power to add to their number. Ithink Tould mention the names of several whom it would be advisable to have on the com-imiitee. FOT example, I do not see in the list the name of the noble duke who moved the first resolution. I think that is a name which might most-properly-be added. (Cheers.) MIr. JABs BAIRD, LLP., secondedthe resolution, wiich, with the addition of the nmne of his Grace thle Duke of Hamilton to the committee, and the power to add to their number, as sulggestedhy Mr. Stirlaing, wasgeed to. The XORD PROVOST said,-The reasOn why the noble duke's namne was not put on the comamittee was' that wre found that his frequent absence from thscousntry waSR such that we could not ask him to take the trouble to a; but there is no nobleman more capable of giving good advice upon this matter. (Hear, hear.) I should think it oaccur toi an of the~ subscribers be forwarded to the committee. -The committe-, I am sure Wil be gla to receive whatever;sugestios or informnationi subscribers nasy have tooffer. I eevdthis morning a TVer interestng lefter 'froma lr. Robert N7apier, dated West Bbnon ep temnber 3d. I have receiredl letters from other sub scribers, but this from Mr. ;lYapier, by the advice ofhiGrc (the Duike of-HamiOlton), I will read to te meeting. [The Lord Provost then read the letter, in which -Mr. Ni-apier, after exoDremsing regret that hLe coDuld not be present at the rmeeti~g, eaw several suggestions about the manner in which the ProPosed 'woDrk should be setsabout. One matter to which Mr. N',apieradiected attention was -the necessity of unity of design-of the design being in accordance 'writh the character of a Protestant chlurch. Yrt. N~apier did not think- it at a.ll necessary, how. ever, that the whole designs and work should be put into - -the hands ofone person. He thought,rather,that .the object of the subscribers would be much better seved by a.n open competition, the committee -%eing aLt liberty to acp different designs for separate windows, from whater quarter they camne.] whtee Sir A. C-brsusxtr,, X2R-AS mUy nam appears in the icommittee, I cannot'help - aigthat I thfin it. -wold be stisactry to tat ommtte ifthis meeting would dtd~.thir owrs Itin-i isdobtulwhte the Wrrlhve dmetin s a $i ) ^ s ztlfiertfs ispi }his pt6poZia, O)dII -b nk f l az s one whinr -to decorate i MU wou}ld tik. ptre salhw ashlii modiL. -1i*ouldlike~, Aho wweie, tohwej r committee are to sct under iOftruetons to t -e ( Mr. l p~ier's letter, or wirethb they are quite frehno i'i1n41 other point& Mr. B. DAGLIsH.-Tle 6oamiiittee, I preswrne, is ap. -poinied mcrely to-procure the best informtion how the pit ci -be carried out, and thes-lay thfirguhge-SOe-bsfixtlae subcribersm (fearh rea.) ,. The LOP.D PROvosSt sad,-In the newspapers Izte my Dame has been freely used in ccieuig with this iruMer, Utallywithout my sanction. I-lzwe been. applied toby pet numbers of glasa.tainers bo'h in this country an on tho.continent5 and the nniversl answer, I<retred us that ILoting oould be done till i comnmittee wasB appoite to investiSgste'aud report on thD mvhole Subjec. The *'ho1e mstter iB perfcetly opcn, and I wosild reogn mendy IUtc that irndiidual-sobecribers a1ibu1dleave it sgtill theygt a eport fromthe committee. (Hwr, hear.) - :-,-- On the motion of Mn Lockhart5 3P., seooied by;iPord Belh&aven, a vote of thnks -as Iiven to the Lord Projost for his conduct in the chair, knd the meeting repiated.t
EOREIGN MrTr'LUG.TEKL NFRAI - (MoM OI OWN OORFSP0ID,NT.) /A Partio nof tah foLlowing, %pe=3d iu out aecou4 edition Zo Yeslrdav :-I -~~~~~~~~.5 r,LHUr5IaY, or.ar. In nations, as ininclividuals, one somet1me3 sees apring up a sudden and ardent desire for an object which, when attained, in no way materially increase3 their happiness and well-being. It is at lemst open to discuon whether it be not one. of thoze passionate and exaggerated desires that just tow burns in the breasts of the inhabitants of Noldo-Walachia, and makes them seek, as a remedy for all their ills, the union of the two provinces umder an hereditary foteigaprince. This is the idea that haunts them, to the realization of which they can see no valid obstacle. But as there may prove to be difficultie3 of .a high order on which they have not calculated, they would do we31 to try to counterbalance these by clearly setting forth the advantages they anticipate from the accomnplishment of their wishes. As yet they have neglected to do this, at least in any way that hasplaced those advanitages before the European publin. Meanwhile we must not allow this auestion of the union, thus prominently and vehemently urged, altogether to eclipse the many other important changes necessary in the organization of the Principalities. The Commissioners are by thia time all at, or onv their way to, Constantinople, where they will probably remainuntil the departure of the Austrians enables them to transfer themselves to the Danubian provinces. There is one important preliminary of their conferences which should now be engaging the attention of the Porte and of the Ambassadors of the Powers concerned, and this is the formation of the Divans that are to aid them in their labours. The electoral question is nearly the only one, afterthat of the union, that seems lately to havetaroused a marked interest in the Principalities, and the result of the elections for the Divans, and the manner in which these are found to work, will be, in some degree, a guide as to the best mode of composing more permanent assemblies. The Paris Congress having especially insisted that the composition of theDivaus should be such as to constitute them a real representation of all clawses of the people, it becomes almost a matter of course that they are to be formed by popular election. If anything worthy of the name of a Constitution is to be granted to Wallachia and Moldavia, either united or separate, that part of the organic regulation of the provinces relating to the composition of their Legislative Assemblies must be at once thrust aside and wholly departed from, since it made of those Assemblies a mere mockery of a national representation. Taking, as an eiample, the Ordinary General Assembly of Wallachia, we find it consisted of the Mlletropolitan asPresident, of three Bishops, of 20 Boyards of the first class, and of 19 deputie3 of districts elected by the inferior Boyards. Such an assembly as this is evidently very .manageable, in a country wvhere political purity cannot be said to exist, by the Prince who has it in his power to bestow or deprive of place, to dispense honours, and to lavish gold The aim of the Russian superintendence under which Bibesco, Stirbey, and others of their kind drew up the organic regulations, is here easy to discern. A Prince addicted to Russia would have small difficuity in inducing the Assembly to pass whatever Iaws he thought proper, no matter how injurious to the country and how favourable to Russia; and if, on the other hand, a Hospodar were so iiladvised as to act independently and try to discard Russian influence, a formidable opposition might be raised against him in the small compact body of Boyards falsely assumed to represent the wishes and interests of more than two-and-a-half millions of Wallachians, while in reality most of its members seek none but their own, and are utterly unscrupulous as to the rmeans by which they advance them. The Divans ad hoc ordained by the Sened of Balta Liman c4uldi scarcely be more pliant instruments in the hands of an adroit and ambitious Prince or of an intriguing foreign Powoer than was the shadow of a Representative Assembly they were instituted to replace. It is clear that if the liberties of the Danubian Principalities are to be established on a secure basis, a very different mode of national representation from the above must be adopted, and the electoral privilege must be greatly extended. In this respect the election of the Divans that are to assist the foreign commissioners will serve as a pilot ship, or as a touchstone of the temper and deserts of the people. The first point to be decided is that of the electoral qualification. The most prevalent opinion seems to be that proverty should be the basis of this, but thatit shoula also be enjoyed by established traders and by professional men-lawyers, medical practitioners, engineers, architects, professors, &c. The importance of this last stipulationwould depend on the amount of property fixed as conferring the right of voting. In the Principalities most of the members ef the above professions have some little properby of their own, if it be but the cottage they inhabit. In a country where the number of proprietors is so limited, in comparison with that of the population, as in Moldo-Wallachia, it has been sugested that any amount of real property, however small, might with safety be held sufficent qualification for a voter. There would. be great difficulty in making the class of, landless peasants participators in the franchise. Although here and there, as a rare exception, may be found among them a man - superior in intelligence to his fellowvs, the massis so uneducated andig,norant, so unaccustomed to express or even to form an opinion, and so completely under the control of landlords and local1authorities, that its voting w.ould be a farce and unlikely to contribute to the true representation of the interests of the people propsedin-theconvocationof theDivansadhoo. Under the most favou;rable circumstances, some years must elapse ere the MIoldo-Wallachian peasant can emerge fram the darlnes with which oppresson and neglect have surrounded him. The first thing to be done is to relieve him from unjust burdens, and to rouse him to industry by a prospect of comfort and independence. He needs a double relief-from feudal tyranny and foreign occupation. In time, if he be worth anything, he wil learn to aspire to a better condition, and will seek by labour, of which he at present is sparing, to earn wherewith to become himself a landholder. As yet he has never had an opportunity of displaying what good qualities he may powsess, and it is hardly fair to set him down, withiout trial, as fit only for a degTraded serf. Pending his improvement, something might, perhaps, be made of a class of small proprietors, known as mos7,eni or ssar,iuri, existmg in the Principalities, and especially in Wallachia. They are said to be the descendants of the original owners of the soil, -ousted by the: Fanarnots and, other rapacious foreigners who have made a prey of that unfortunate country. It is scarcely possible to ascertain their number with accuracy. They ceem to fluctuate, or, it should rathe& be said, continually decline, in conse9uence of. the nefarious means employed to diapossess them of their petty holdings. Every imaginable -iniquity has been resorted to to etrip them of their nooks of land. Legal quibbles and judicial venality have in to many instances oeabledlarge proprietors -to appropriate the coveted field3 of their poor and defenceless neighbours. Botndary. questions have been raised, title deeds called in queation, and, once afloat on the troubled. sea of litigation, the bark of the unlucky mosn.Me was prettysure to be swamped. Despoiled, he is fain to till the ground for others, and sinks to the level of the ordinary peasant. At various tiraes unjust burdens have been imposed on the mosneni, reducing many of them to poverty, compellin,g them - to~. borrw at usurious interest, ad driving them to sell their land. They have had to support an undule share. of the w.eight et mxilitaBry occupa-' tions, which the large proprietors mn general have ona thelr utmlost to shift from their own shoulders to those of the inferior classes. Their present conditionis not very prosperousa and in appearance they of en,re s;carcelyto be distingulished from the laud- lesspetry, save by a cartain independence of. bearing. 3ut they are free men and landholdors, sat.hou tiheir. holdings be small and ploughed by fihemselves, and it.wout be~ bu equitable to give afiem a share in the election of he Divans ad oc. The cashier and sub-cashier of the l'orthern Rail- road have disappeared, leaving heavy defalcation. The investigation of these is not yet completed, but: I understand that a deficiency of 2 miion of fraa lIa already been ascertined. TSL de Persigny lhas arrived in. Paris,- from Carlsbad. "The =mperor," aays tao G'ourrier dit Harc; 6'intends, it isthought,. to be in Paris by -the 15th fstiint, as sevea of the Minsters now absent ou leave have r ivediotioe to return tothe' pital by the 14th." '- - -- '- Prance Jerome embarked yesterday on board the Ariel steasnef at Havre, and 'ran out to sea.- - The steamer Steered at first in the direction o£ Trouville,' and, then stood ou,t i,-to the offing.. -A At'er a cruise of about two hours his hmperial Highness, Iwho appeared in the enjoyment of excellent health, landed and returned to the Hotel Frscati.; - The Uhivers thus comments on the declazation of the Congress of Paris kespecting the abolition of privateering. "It has been argued by a newspaper that the eontracting Powers of the Treaty of Paris inight decide on treating the privateers of other nations in the light of pirates. -Now, this is too hasty a conclusion, forethe right of nations: must remain what it has been. Itbehovesnone ehan$.it in an arbitr7y manner, and it would be a novelty cini-enations included in the decisione of a treaty in which thC7-hiad n'ot participated. If the United States intrench themselves be. hind the recognized principles of the rights of nationis, it will hbedifficult to force upon them the contratysintinients. The question has not been sufficiently elaborated, and we must admit that the reasons given for the abolitida of jprivatiering have been feeble. Small States bow to the policy of great States in order to maintain their existence-therevolution. ary spirit having everywhere swept away the respect for rights, while the respect forstrangth has increasew inpropor. tion. There are four orfive Powers on the continent; the remainder cannot be *taken into account. Will not the abolition question lead, without wishing it,' to establsh on the sea a similar autocracy7? There will exist alone two naval Powers-Trance and Englaiadwhich are the only countries possessing exraordinary navies. Is not this the overthrow of our traditional po. licy ? Our r6k4 was to associate with the secondary navies, to maintain the rights and interests of continental commerce. We succeeded by that policy, not in arrestingthe commorcial activity of England, which was not our intention, but in repressing its pretensions to the domination of the seas. An intimate alliance with England was not then thought of. If we have not carefully consulted, the rights and interests of secondary Towers, it is to be feared that we have thereby diminished our influence, and have prepared for ourselves a position of isolation. There exists a dark side to this new and unexpected situation; and, as we have at times been dupes to our generosity, visdom counsels us not to abandon ouselves without reserve to the impulse of the moment." The following private telegrapshic despatches have been received. " ST. PETERSBURG, San. L "The Minister of Finance has been authorized to issue three new series of paper-money, amounting to nine niionas of silver roubles." "VIENNA, SczT. 3. "The Ozt-Dcut-sch Post announces that a fresh note has, been addressed by the Neapolitan Government to those of France and England in order to do away with the unfavourable imprezsion produced by the former one. According to the same journal, Md. Brenier, the French Ambassador at Naples, is tolerably satisfied with it, and the mission of 3. Hubner has, it is said, beenpostponed." "MADRID, SErP. 3. "The Madmrid GaWe publishes a Royal decree dissolving the Constituent Cortes. This decree was well received. Another Royal decree accepted the resignation tendered by AL Corradi, of the post of Minister of Spain at i5sbon."- The NouveUliste de Baie, of the 3d instant, pub-' lishes the following telegraphihc despatch, dated La Chaux-de-Fonds, Sept. 3, 10 30 a.m.:- "lIst night a Royalist revolution took place at Neafchatel. At 2 o'clock am. the Royalists seized on the Castle, arrested the members of the Council of State, and hoisted the Prussian flag. Theyhave besides cd-t offthe telegraphic communication with Neuenburg. At La Chaux ee Fonds and in the mountains everybody is under arms." We read in the Courrier de Marseiae, of the 3d inst.:- " Yesterday 42 vessels laden with grain entered oar port. Most of those vessels came fiom the Sea' of Azoff- The importation on that day is calculated at upwards of 150,000 hectolitres, which is the largest we have had this year. Our market, very calm for some days, has been affected by that immense arrival, and this morning the price of every description of grain declined 1 franc. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 80c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-HEalf per Cents. at 94f. 90c. . and the New Loan at 70f.' 759. Orleans Railway shares, 1,350f.; Great Northern, 1,012f. 50c.; Strasburg, 925f.; New Shares, 837f.. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,342f. 60c.; Lyons to the ?Mediterranean, 1,740f.; Western of France, 935f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 7'0f. ; Great Ceniral of France, 660f. ; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,635f.; Austrian, Railways, 873f. 75c. CoMes AuGMent?qc -PAcr3, Sept. 4. - Cash Prlces. Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 60c. 95f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 45c. 50c. f55c. ; Bank Actions, 4.150D. 4.125lf. ; Credit Foncier, c55f; dittoObligatious of 500£., Four per Cents., 440f.; Credit Mobilier, Lo35f1.; Discount Bank-, 700E.; Piedmonteae'Ihreec 'Cent-s, DOf.; Austrian Five par Cents., 88£.; Romans, 8SA; Spanish Interior Debt. 40A i 3 l.m i. Exchang on London, at eight, money, 2.51. 274c.; tr months, money, 2-5f. ' PRUSSIA. (FOMs OUB OWN CORRlESPONDER-T.) BER1IN, SEPT. 3. On Monday last, the impeachment of the Danish Minister for Holstein, Herr von Scheele, was brought to an unexpected and, to the Holsteiners, an unwelcome coneusion, by the Eigh Court of Appeal in Kiel declaring itse3f incompetent to prGnounce judgment in the case. The trial itself took place on the 25th ultimo, and has for a long tiMne past been lcoked forward to with great anxiety and expectationbynumerous circles both inDenmaark and Germany; and the result of this decision of the Court is, that there is now no bar or hindrance left to prevent the Danish Government from' rulingI Holstein according to their bo,plcrr. As the impeachment of a Minister is not an everyday occurrence, perhaps it may interest some of your readers to learn somewhat of the cireumstances that have led to this form of proceeding having been adopted a,ainst Herr von Scheele. The charges brought against this Minister, of which there are eight, counts, accuse him by the instances alleged of having made an arbitrary exercise of power to subvert the existing laws arnd institutions of the Duchy, and introducing fres1h re,guLatiouas there by his own Ministerial fiat, without application to the, constitutional authority, the Estates. Last winter, when the Holstein Estates were convoked -and assembled, they resolved upon petitioning the K7ing of Denmark for cerain changes of the Constitution that had been odrogy to the'm 'in June, 1854. The M1inister protested personally, against this exercise of their constitutional rights, and finding this unavailing, to prevent a committee being 'formed to draw up the petition, he procured from the King a rescript pronouncingtheircourseoatof order "and its result a nullity." The Estates, however, persevered in the exercise of their right of petitioning, andproceeded, furthermore, to represent to 'the Eiug' inanaddress, that "Herr von Scheele, theMinisterfor Holstein, did not possess the confidence of the country." To this addre2s the Minister brought them as the King's answer a rescript, stating that "the address had not availed to weaken 'his confidence in the lin-ister-for Holsein."' The Estates then, as a last resource, resolved to irapeach. the Mnister according to the 14th paragraph of the Constitution, or, more correctly speaking, to briua various acts of his before thv forum of 'the gh Courts of Appeal, and, if possible, procure their condemnation, as 'eing a violation of the Holstein Constitution, the. 'result of which Would b)e that he wouId ipso facto be declared to haveforfeited his office. This -arraignment it is thajt came on last Monday 'week before the lhghest Coiirt of Justice in Holstein; its eight counts are resolvable into three categories-L The esta1blishment, by his own mPereanthorit, of judicial and- admunistrative nstitutions on a new footing, sepe^ parating them when originally combined, creating new offices, and promulgating new laws; 2. For-' bidding the use of German currency inH olstein; - 3. Conferringthe heterogeneous p sof Curator: the UJniversity and Chief Director of the tow.n. oa one and the same person,.and extendinghis powers. The Hoisteiners aver, thatthese matters belong esjcially to the deliberative province of the Pkovi'icial. Estates, and if these circumsances were 'so 'urgent as to require provisional enactments on these subject3, they ought to have been submitted ito the Estates for subsequent ratification; that, however, the circumstances werenot of that urgent nature to require provisional enactments'; that the same were notsubsequently.submittedto the Estates; and that,' although the fundamental principles of- some of them were rejected by the Estates in the projects of the general laws submitted to them,.these speolOc. enactments were nevertheless retained. The defence of the Minister resolves itself into denying that the zubjects of the3e-nacjtment3 were such as to make it' incumbent zon him to submnit them to the deliberations of th6e rutates coiasequently his' enatmentscannot be .looked upo4 as proisbional la)a the urgency of-whicfh is tlhe only subject 'on "wich the High Court of Appeal is competent to exercise a Jurissdiction.-- This latter view has been adopted2nainly by the Court at Kiel, which declares itself' comipetent to adjudicate on the question of whether there were urgent gro7nd3 jor not-foi the en3iotment of provisional laws, but not to decide as -betwveen. the7 Govern7ment and the iEstates as to sihat subjects n7roperly belong to the cognizanceof--the. latter, whiich question, of coulrs-e, involves the point . as to the provisional nature of the enactmnents proimunlgated p7revious to or without thei7 cognizance. With this conclusion of the trial the hopses of the - Holsteiners of vindicatig any small remainso of - thieir conistitutional rights and- liberties -vanfsh. The presentation of -the petition to the King, and the resolution . to impeach the Iiniiiter, have already caused the Diet of the - Hol-stein Estates - to be closed, and their Presi- dent, Baron von Schee Pleuen, to be removed' from his office; and, now that the Danish Government has got rid of the Constitution, the ,Diet, and the champion of both, it can proceed to do what it likeswith the. State domains and every' thing else connected with the Duchies,. Ai the Holstein Estates are now got rid of for -the next three years, there is nobody left to complain to -the German Diet at Frankfort, and Deninark ist at I liberty to go on doing by Holstein. as Russia h2s by Poland, and Austria by Hungary, viZ., - entirely incorporate it and fuse it into the main ki7ngdom. To the remonstrances that Prussia, lately mnade wit reference to the mal appiropriation of the Holstein State domains to the purposes of Danish finance there has been no answer given as yet; and it is oxpected that an answer will be given first o Austria, and an attempt ;be made t-o win that Powerovertothe side of Denmark . before expediting any answer to Prnssia. It would harmonize well with thT policy, obs6ived hitherto by Austria willingly to embrace any - course of proceeding that shall hamper, Prussia'sadvocacy of German interest in the north, for -thedouble purpose of preventing that Power from acquiring any claim to consideration in Germany,on the score of any services rendered to the cause, and, also, in the case of her doing nothing, of pointing her out to obloquy as the Power that neglects German interests; and, further, it would be a -contradiction of the policy she has observed. towards her own; dependencies vwere she to throwv any. difficulties in the way of another Power's fusing - and crushing its own, into one compact mass, if' possible, at the expense of no matter, how mq'ny constitutions or prescriptive rights. One only chance remains for the Eoisteiners to get a heamng - at the Bund, and that is in connexion with the affairs of the other German dependency of the Danish Crown, Lauenburg; theRitterschaft andLand chaftof this latter Duchy resolved, at their Diet held at lRatzeburg, in July of this year, to - bring their complaints *of the violation of their rights by the Danish Government before the' German Busad, in case a deputation they were about tco send to the King at Copenhagen should remain fruitless. That deputation, with the Vice-Marshli of the Duchy, Count von Kielmann- segge, a son-in law of the celebrated Baron Stein, - repaired to Cocenhagen on July 21, to represent' to' the King what the rights and the wishes'of 'the Duchy of Lauenburg were, and to petition for' the preservation of the former and the gratification of the latter. No result has as yet proceeded from that step, and therefore it is expected that the subject of the violation of the rights of the two Geririan Duchies by the Danish Government will be brought by the Lauenburg Ritterschaft under the consideration of the Bund shortly after it meets again at the close of the recess. The minutely vexatious manner in which the Danish Government follows up the policy' of crushing out the last sparks of Germamem. in the Duchies is felt in nothing so much as in the, prohibition of the Hamburg and Lubeck currency, which has for ages formed the monetary circulation there, and imposing, even in private business, 'the use of the Danish currency which is as foregn to them as the French or the &e9manZ would be to 'us. ifNot only must the trade of shops, &c., be carriedcon in Danish currency, but also it is not permitted to anybody to keep his private accounts in German currency people are sent into shops and hotels to entrap the proprietors into using the for- bidden style of reckoning, for the purpose of in-' timidating the population into obedience by compronaising these offenders and rendering them liable to fines.- The use of the German lZngunage, the native tongue of the pdpulation, is being norze and more excluded from the churclles, tne schools, andthie courts of justice; where this is not yet at- tempted in schools the proprietors are fined for' usingt prohibited Germnan class-booJks, which have,nevertheless, bceen in use -in their establishments for 20 and eO years._ -
TO THE EDITORs OF THE TIMES. Mutton Chops, mutton chops, chop3 I cryy-OId Song. Sir,-I had occasion to visit London a few days si ace with my daughter for a few hours shopping. We arrived by the South-Western Railway about 2 p.m., and soon felt the necessity of obtaining some refreshment. lad IbeenralowiA I knew of a dozen places where, for ls. 6d. or 2s.,- I couId havesgotthebest mutton chop or beefsteak and pale ale that London affords; but, being with a lady, custom forbade me to take her to the "' Blue 'osts?' or to "Dolly's." I might, indeed, take her to Gnuter's or Grange', and fed' her on ices, or on soup; or to Farrance's, and nourish her on meat pies and oyster patties. But we are plain people, Sir, and like plain roast and boiled, and a glass of beer -with it; and I could hear of no' place at which I could obtaia these articles in London for a respectable young voman. At last somebody, suggested' that we should go to a restaurant in Regent-street, to which we were told ladies habitually resort for food.. We did so, and were shown into a Jarge back room, lghted bya skylight, full of respectable mee., women, ands children, seated at little rosvnd t4bles,'eating or waiting for food. A voluminous carte de jour and a pencil were politcl ' handed to us, and we were requested to order our dinner.- hut wo were in a hurry, and. asked for cold meat. The waiter suggested fowl and ham. Wo assentea, and lunched' off a very tough hen of mature years and a slice or two of ' irndifferent, ham. We then had to pay the following bill. which would have been an am,plo one had our lu=c4 been excellent:-s a d Fowl ... . .. ... 5 0 - ' Han .... , .. ... ... 2 0 Ale ... ... ... ... 1 0 Pgtatoes ... '... .. ... 0 6 Bread ... ... ... 0 4 810 so-that, with Is. to tho waiter, I received but 4d. chan ge anrt of half-a-sovereign for the meal. 6iw, I think itrather hard, Sir,' that I shonldfhavo beeh thus taxed in conseonence of the ses of my coAnpauirn. Ead I had my boy Bill with me, whose appetite is enormous, I could hav6 got a mutch better lunch-for both of us for iess than half the money. ' I am quitf sure that if the Loidon'pastryeooks:wosli supply their '- 6stomers with slices of beef and mautton aua potatoes towards the afternoon, at is. 6d. or 2s. a-hoea' and woald 'provida cheerful and - Il vontilated' rooms 'n which such 'refresluments 'might be consumed, they would conferfa greab benefit ou tho pubiic, and would qon. aiderablyimprove their am vn yrd. There, are fserv adn. wvho wsuld fn6t.pfefer' mutton 'chop or st.eak, and a ;hott gotato at Grange's or Guxster'sto the passtry, sponge.craleJ hot jellies, and ices.to which they are nodw snwholcsomel; comgpelled by the customs of our ancestors.- : I amn, Sir, your obed'ient servant.'I A SOUTH-WESTF3 .
Smr C6ixx CAasrnrEir DT, -PRMTo-*..Sir Colin, Campbell,:G.C B.~ who baas recently be&ll appoixnita ' spDectr4General of Infantry, visited the1PreSton garrison' at r'ulwoocUarracka on Thursday MornMng, for the purpos6 of srspecting tne troops there stationed. The gallant Gendrd was accomipanied by Colonel Stirihng, C.2. h's 2'doa csamp; On entering tho' barrack- yard Sir 'CoTii found' thb; whole of the men composing the depot of the 3ith and tho t)7th ltegimerits;of Foot drawnup ' oi pa rade to xeev.bi. The men were frs formed -into line,and 3frCoi cn;-' menced a very niante inspection, pasai.ng aowly from man -to man untflie head oxminedoveryeOldiea.in tho battaibn This inspection completed, the menached pa irevlev order,. ancr mhniwvred, and subsequgutly exhibited th it lits, the whole of which und6rwent a stict exalninatioenAh the General. SirConliexpres&edhisadmiration of the efficiern state of the hattalion, and was asiuch`- pleased vith ihe cleanliness and high discipline.ofthe troops. At thB-adinset houi he also hisoected the dinner and barrack roomgs, aft.r'wards visitiilv th-hoafAtal the pr3son,'and -the kchools. of 'al the arraoRement in. 2hibh departments S*~ . Colire're pressed lisa z:ppiovaL. The .ihspeotio~i occeipiea ispward9 of' fourihodrs* Cl1in bein acconilpanied- by ColonelAla-s, covmniadant'PE Jthe battion, in *his strict a'5kninati-n of the troops. 'iriColin has sincoleft Irestod for DAIblJiU & It is undemstoid-iliat Sir Colin' Campbell ia.prosectiak tWeaa .inquiries with 'aviewto the prep3ration of. 'areport utipsn the baittalionkystem, sahd to the rennsdto,feid idvigable, of ffied trainang achools ina v.rioes thbn kingdom for officers and men. --
-- ;, RA TO TM EMMrIOK £i T]E TIM=., Sir,-Yond kindlry id r le,ttcleer fm e l.u-e 2yimS ofthe 27th of Domber lt, --eoncernmig the preie,tia oE. A clm of riiWay,ocideatwwiich l ehitho b.wfar. fallyznmerous and fatal - W frA, tlou. rsng he exiutingusye of connecting tIo rolling stoci. If the subiect WAs not of the lghlest importanc%-I-ould not havo recurred tt it; but, as it; embraces the .sdety: of human life-that which you hive al ie&I" & 5aa scred-I cannot permit it to-est, and therefore trmst you will consider tim present comimaunicition worthy of a-Antion. - T!hatI ma not bo misunderstood, myremrcba'ha.r sferEnce onb-to the prevenion of a class of accident5tSch ire beyond cuntrulso long.s theo caue.exists. Thpy are not tie. consequence of mismanage~mentor want ot ciautios on the* otf the servnts of railwayi eompaiiies, b'tsijise from defective mechanical appliacs for conueeiio gether the:engine.,earriges, and waggons sth em, however, isv rhlly1neeuaable, the life Lacrificedi_ consequence rests with thoew who sanotion it. - 14t As stated in mny Iat communication, Mr. Tylai,erhe local engineer on this line, and uyself, with the view of obviating theae -cid.ts, introdaord a neiw system- for (onnecting the rolling stock, which permitted all the neceasky actions of conpling inm uncoupipg to be completeliy r. formed, almost instantaneouly, without in the least er.kngering life. After prctielly testing ths merits OfErlsis inventitn, it was submittedto roribns Tailway comsianes, but in no instmnoe wa it acknowleadged in any reseczt whatever. The Board of Trade, however; cendaecend-W- t.) acknowledge it, ani the following is a vpy of tihitetr received from the ecretaty of the railary departinert'. :L "am direCted by the Lords of the Committee' of'iiv Council for Trade to aclnowledge the receipt of youi lIIr of the 11th inst., rupon the subject of your inentofan improved mode of connecting together the carsa-A waggons of a train, and to inform iun that, nothaileg Abe powver to enforco uponrlirawaY companies the adoptt6ib of mnventions wJich are made on the subject of railys, my Lords do not, under ordinary circumstances, under kto investigate and decide .upon the comparative merita ;of thmose iventions. But in consequence of the lzrge-uqlnm 'cer oE iccidents which have occurred to servant, of railway companies from. being crushed betwe .y Lhe -bu'ers of oaggons and carriages (viz.-25- persbns killed and l5 injured in the year 1854), ?my Iii;s are induced tooexcept inventions of the nature submitted by you from their usual practice on this subiect, and they attach great importance and view with geat interest any attempts which may be made to improve the mode of connecting carniages together, provided they promiss to-afford a greater degree of safety to the persons emploj6edin coupling than at present exist. I" The metho;d proo sedin the drawing submitted bj you ap pears toohvate te danger. of xccident to persons employed in conpling or uncoupling; but it does not appe to removeaUltlhenechanicaldLsadvautages of the system:,zc present in general use. With the view of obtainina fpu. ther information on the subject of this invention, my Lbrds have directed - Colonel Yolland, one of their inspecting officers, to inpoect it, and to report to them thereon when his other engagements will permit:" ' This letter was dated a_y 5, 1855, but as yet the Boird -(of Tadebhave taken no further notice of the matter. . AtA its apparent defects, I canwith confidence state that they do not in reality exist. On the contrary, it embraces every advantage that appears desirable. This is the unanimous opinionexpressed regarding its merits. By desire ofE 4he directors, this compauy have adopted it, and its advantages can be substantiated by inspection. But why is it not in general use, when so many liveisre yearly sacrificed? This question is frequently pu to rne. I cannot answer it. My experience only enables me' to know that railway companies Tesist it without expressing a reason. Thef Board of Trade, on the other hand, view it with much inteiest, and promise to inspect it, but -dono more. Thns the matter is foLrowxaside,ancthe w of life continues. It will be observed that, as roported to the Board of Trade, 25 persons were killed and 15 injured in the year 1854' from being crushed between the buffers or waggens and carriages. Large as the numbers may appear, it f6rio3 but a fraction of the trath. This is weD knownto-the Board of Trade, znd is invariably admitted -when reporting upon these accidents, in the following terms: "B'tt inasmuch as raily companies are not bound by set of Parliament to make returns of injuries to their servaitis, unless demanded, and as there is reason to believe tha! all cases of such accidents have not come to the knowledge of this department, it is impossible to draiv.any &eneral deductions from these returns." Although ralway companies are directly chargeablegwith thelife thus lost, the Lords Commissioners of Privy Couniail for Trade are not wholy blameless. They are the national arbiters on railwy matters, and are expected to take the strictest cognizance of every circuastairce which involves the safety of life. If they are not so empowered, they-hold a false position. But does not the matter in question- dii- pday a degree of languid indifferencea on their part ?9 Ticy admit the fatal consequences of a system in general iuc upon railways, and approve the remedy, but do nothinu more; and,, as if to threw the matter into oblivion, the only comment made upon it in their secretary's eport forlszt year is as follows .-" Some improved means of attachmoent betwveen the vehicles of a, trnm would appear A-Hi to ba a dcsideratum on railways." It is no Pxaggeration to state that -within the last few years severallhundreds of railay servants have been killed orom the cause iafemd to; and as railways extend, so wilu its fatal consequences. So long as the system exists, tho mortality cannot decrease. Every one acquainted w:th railway working knows that a man cannot perform the action of coupling or uncouplingiwithoutriskdnglhislife; and yet nearly all the deaths reported to the B ariof Tralde are stated to have beenr "from their own wsnt of caution." How absurd! Thei men are placed within the influence of destruction to perform their duty, sadn the only rational wonder is thatthey escape uninjurel d.II I am aware that these accidents-if such they should hbe termed-dd not appear very appalling upon paper; but could you realize every circmnstance connected with them you would then understaud the necessity for prevention. T11.e One instance. 'That man who is now in the full enjoymen: of life is suddenly within the grasp of death, and God's image a minute before is novw a bleeding, mangled mass. This is no' all. Follov the body to a home now made desolate, andwitness the effecb there. To say nothing for the ties of affection thus rudelysevered,-th3t family ii rendered destitute and thrown on the word'cs cold charitg; - Idagnify this instance 50 times, and you have a near. estimate of the yearly amount of destruction aud misery caused by the system -we wsh abolished,- ad for -which we have 6ffereda perfect remedy. How long, then, is it to last!- Itailway conipanies undoubtedly do all they can to prevent aecidents; so far as the safeoty of passeangers or their own property is concerned. Apart from higher motives, itistheirsafest course; bnt the life lost fromn theocaso exolained does not effect the safety of their finances, Tlhere is no claim for comuensation fixed upon them, nor is-their property injured and, although they do not desire the death of these poor men, they can ihus treat the subject with indifference. - All railway companies howeier are not alike blameable. It is 'well kIDovn that to a great exlent the larger railawys sw;ay the smaller.. Iinprovesients on a broad scale are cbnsequently expected to emanate 'rom the most extensive com panies, and these'are swayed m all mechanicl matters by a fewamen. On them, therefore, rests the heaviest Tesponsibility for this unnecessary expenditure of life.- IJmSir on l..rllsJecrn -- -CHIRLES D. CRANSTOUI. Manamnr. .1oT X3gin LeA1LWay Comuip y. . EJ.gin, sept. 3.- , I
3?OZLCE. GV;D}ALL.-George Thomss, alias Barrington, and Henry Billyer, alias Thessiger, two lawyer's clerks, were Placed at the bar before :Aldermen CRALLIS and J.Aw*IECE? on remand, charged with being concerned in vaidous robberies of post-office receiving houses. Mr. Peacock, the solicitor to the Post-office, conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Neale attended on behlf oil the prisoners. 'James ame, cit;y police constable 360, proved a former conviction against Hlllyer, in the name of James Ande-son, on the 23d ot March last, when he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment; and George Hodges, 29 A, prov ed a fanner conviction in Liay, 1854, when he had nine monlths' hard'labour. The evidence, which was very voluminous. waS then read over, after which the prisoiers, who reserved their: defenoe, were fully comrmitted for trial on three distinct chargesthe first for stealing a letter containing,a mioney-order, and torging the receipt to the said mnoney-order, on the 31st of 1)eember; the second. foF stealing a letter containnig a 101. note; and the third for stealig' aletter containii- arn invoice, by which they obtained the s;um of 31 Os;.2d. fromf Hessrs Heaon, 'Culloch, and. Squire, of Bishopsgate-street. There was also another charge, ofstealing abe.ok, upon vwhich they were remanded until to-morrov. Catherine Maney, a masculine-looking woman, appireDtly within a very short perod of her confinement, was placedat the bar, charged with assaulting her husband with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm,- John Maney, the- complainant, stated: that While he wzas shutting up his mastea's shop, in-Fore-street, yestesday evening the prisoner camoto him, and after abusing him for a short time took. a maTlingspike andcommenced.a.most violent assault upon him, striking him over the head; and face, and finishing by stabbin 'him in the breast 4ith the pointed end of the spike. Be. said his wie .was very much given to drink, an2d when those ;fits were on herihe dared not go near his home. Last Chxistmiis she broke6his ribs and took a carving Imife to stabhimoitih. She coiuld carn, ls. a-week at sa_k making, Sand hol-gas-ve- her nearly: thrA whole of his .earnings,. ..whicb viere- 11. .-week- more, yet shewc lao 0addicted, to drink that every hling conv ertible wfas pawned for gn. Last ~Christmss -ie had 'duplicates of goods pawned to the :amount of 91N, auid 'when searched atcho rstation-housoll moxawerefocndn3oio her, besides which he hai four in his pocket, all of her pledging. Te prisoner denied that her husband allowed her any of the moneythatshe work:edfor,but saidhetook it al hLimself, and gave her only wlat he thought proper. Alderman LAWIVrMZc said, she was a most ferocidus woman, and ought to bh sent to prisen for six months. He was at a loss how to deel with eer, and would theiefmre remand her until Mondspy. - Alderman FLeis has received the foUowingnote, whLch he hls forwarded to Mr Martin, 'the chief clerk, for .scknowledgment :- "Alady,pitying-the caseof thepoor woman Jones,-whose husband enlisted in the 28th Foot, and requires 30s. more-to make up the sum required for his discharge, begs to enchlso that sum in a registered letter-to the presiding ma-istra fe of Guildhall for that object begging an acknowle5greEnt inThe Timsg newspaper, under the initials of 'AL E. B',Bath, Aug. 31. "P.S. Should any hum.ane peson hav frustrate theintention of the Lady and given the money, it-is requested the money may be given totKe poor woman.allthe sane, to hey c:othes, &a., for the poor soldier." Farenchasn,-wl was described on the chs.rgc sheet aS &,' " professor of foreilT literature," and looked about 45 years of age, was charg>d. with committing a rape upon Ellen Lyons, "aed 15. . The prosecutrix, a resectablo-looking gilr, deposed that she"was in the servicc,of bfr. rrancis, printer, of 25, '3fuseBm-street, Bloomsbury, and. the prisoner was a lcger sii the house, occupying the second fidor. On Tuesday eveti ing,-while both her masler and mistress were out, and shd was 'alone in the house, the prisonet returned home, it being then abouta.quarterpast Shefollowedhimup-stsirs as usual, to light his cai(ne, and, 'after doing so, he desired'her totalotibintohissitting-room. Eethe.n seized herinhi5 arris' and earried her iito the bedroom, where e laid hre' upon his bed. She screamed and kicked violently, jo resisthuin, but the offenco was committedin spite of her cnies and struggles. He did rot release her for auarter of anhour, during 'which time she repeatedly srukxedkicke: him. On escaping'from hini she said she'.ould tallher mother, and her master anad mistr sae Ho-replie, that 'hne did not cre, now that~ it wa. doee,': Hag ridatreas 'retirred home 'at abont lialt-pwt 9, but as abe was unwell witness di&d not tell her what -hap pened ther ' feanisigto disturb her font;he night; but te netniorning, wvhen hnFrancis desired her to take up. theb Prisoner's breabfset she (proeeutxix) refused to wait any morc ulpOc 'tlhe g efitemn, an,d td-ldier-J r o a Ica tbe'revioua ,ight" Her :isti, adviied>'het te:ohoo. tl herltmother, and when sle hd- done avark that evening she ..entlociie fug th3hat _.s Findi that hermotihr bd-tea:day'swork--for the next day,. sbe (prosecutrix) did not:like, to .1el1 her -ihat had rkend place, koiing- ho w. i' would distreds ber,- and that ibe would be nnable: to n-&heriwork the ,next daJy; but sim desirld her motheito, c,U at ilm Yrncis? t'heiornija after (Friday). She cilledcias requested that morning& ;A then witneasselated Al ththad happened -upon: which hter another cled in- a polloen nand gave tie prisoner into cutody. , - The mother of the prosecuWk was :reaesit; -She wore a widow's cap and appeared very o.dandfeeble. Shi appeared much distressed. * Mr.. G. Coates, surgeoi; of 43, Hart-sreet, BloorasbuW dcposed that he examined, the prosecutrix, atthe George. street-station, andl found that She had' been violated&very recently. - The prisoner having intimated that-hefdid not fully understand all that _Z;-passed, being- only taly acquainted with the lang4g;e, wasallowed to zeadtUreo the depositions; HIe then ssid-'I do not-know the Eng lish law; but I Bulp pose I shall be pernitted to give my explan.tIons and go 7ome." , - - - Mr. JARDInSsaidhe should remand the cie for a few days; consideringit necessay to have the girrisnistres-pre. sent. It would be better, perhaps, if the prisoner reserved his defence till then. :. the prisoner (in veryod En.glish).-I have often heard that it is the practice for English girls to play off the trioks upon foreigners, and I suppose I aim the victini 1 ilall pay amy money to be let go, but if my nime is printed in the newspapers am lost to the world-a ruined man. Mr. J 3a?n..-Yon will be locked up till Tesday next. T he prisoner was acordiingly ireanded..- Sa'nual Francis Bland, a waiter at the -Northnmberlanid hotel, in Northumberland-street, Strand, was charged with having absconded with 404Lbelenging to MI.Iyall, a gentleman,e3idingin the house.- fMr. JT. L Desormneaux, the -landlord, deposed that the prisoner had been intirsted by 3r. Ryall with'a 509-:iote to g,e';change2, and having procured the amount from a naig hour (t egreater p itn the form of a check), lthe psi. soner gave Mr. ryalelOl. and ledt with the view of gettiug the check cashed.. He-atisconded, however, with -the renininig 401. Inforstition w aZ given to the'police, and on-Thursday tne prisoner was a treaended iy- S2>. geant Thomas at lorwich, where 'it was 'founad he had spent all the money; except 8h, which bhe haa given to a sister. It appeased -that he had provided him self -with new dIoths, a watch and chain, a couple of rings, carpesbag, low Ting prisoner adraittead thb :chge to the officer, znd state it]hemeant -to hetalf to'Lndon with the 81, anr miolsomne asn-hogement, withet6assi anctof a ivher, to repay the amoent to hs eninloyer. The pis,onermd6 no defence. He WaiS remnded foi r further eTamination. aWoaytnia-npss=T.-niaolinAHosley, abont 30 yeaws of age was charged before Mrz. HASrLwith attempting suicide,by swallowing a qpantity of sugar of cluad Police-oonstableneidn oi n stated,-Athalfo ast3o'cloct ypesterday afternoon, t rilo n duiy in the Hingtlandr oad, I saw the prisoner following a ma who, when the ciame up toant, inshemtogivehersn chtarforaihnoying him. On hearing this the prisoner turned backanid, Led" huavle-i away, the man passing on. About a minbte aterw arsy ao womn broughti me. s paper I1 now produce, labelled "Pobson,"e id,pointingtto the icunsed, who sood-on the opposite aide of the oad, said, "I th'ink- that ,poor thine has taken somethisng wrong, for she threw this iway." 'l instantly an across, and tafed hearwith hafing sallowed the-contents of the packet. She replied, n I haver Si have, and shall no longer be a trouble to him orany ore." Observimg that she spoke with dificulty, Isupected that something was concealed in her mouth, andforcilblwtrast ,my dugpers there, and, alter, a struggl,e,su6teeded sn ith, drawing -a quantity of some wbitisl$6oking p6wdr. -She w~eptbitterly, and became very, ill., Snbeqge,ntly:I remnoved her tothe hospital, where the surgeon axtormed me she had s,wlowrd quger of lead. .I have since ascertained tlat-the pofsii -as pauchased*t the shop of hfriBnrphe. h1 x chymist, atthe corner of Kingdand-i-oa4LI ,,Mr.fz.,aursmib, hat have yen to sasy to the officers statemnent'9 * Prisoner (sobblng).-Well, Sir, Ilhad a feY words yesterday.m6rning with the man *t-ho want,&the constable to tak-e mie into custody. I have cohabited -wi'h him three yeas,' sndhe wanted me to leave hinm. -1 was hungry, for he *ent out in the morning leavint me without a bresitfast, though he had money to help me with, and when Inmet him in the afternoon I told him of it. For Heaven sake, forgive me, Sir - I will never repeat the attempt. ,, ?r. HMmmu.-Did you purchase the poison at the shop named ? Prisoner.-Yes, Sir ; but thegeutlema. was not to blame. I asked him for a pennyworth of sugar of lead, and he sup. plied me with it; Mr. MEtsiL.-Did hep a you. y quetions Plisoner.-No, Sir - I isked him and' he gave it me directly. Of course I kew it was a poison. .MrH. Is.muLL.-Aye, ani so lid he vwho sold it. Ia-n surprised at yourhaving pcbcured it so:readily. Doubtless your appearance denoted that you were troubled in miind. Prisoner.-Oh, yes, Sir, and I am now. Pray let me go. 'll msnke no further attempt on my life. hk HAmms.-I shall remand you for -a week, and the officerwill make inquiries of the chyaist us to'such alleged incautious serving. SoUTrvAa.-Austi Barry, alabourer, -was churged on his own confession before Mr. CoarE, -with being concerned with others in breaking into the premises, of Mr. Charles Thorpe, wholesale paper-stainer, Barnham-street% Tooleyvstreet, and stealing gold brocade and ehmerald green, valued at more than 1,0004, and Richard Bailleff a paper-stainer, residing at Hoxton, was charged with receaving a great portion of the property -tvel knowing it to be stolen. Mr. Solomon appeared for the prosecntion, and Mr. Turner defended BaiUeff. -- Theprosecator is in an extensive wayof 'business, employing nearl 200 men, and durig the last five years he has been robbed to an alarming extent. The prisoner Barryis one of his workmen. and, according-to his own confession, one of the thieves. Inspector Mackintosb, I division, seid that on the previous night Barryeame to theBermnondseypolice-station, and told him that he wanted to coaiess to breaking into Mr. Thorpe's premises. Witness cautioned him thatwhatever he said might be used against him, as he should fake his statement down in writing. Barry then said he had seen a reporb in the newspapers respecting the robbery, and, feeling uncomfortable about it,he considered it proper to statewhat connexdon he had with it. He said that Jobn Harding and himself broke into his master's premises, and-stole from the countirg-hon a large quantity,of brocade, which they took awayinacabandsoldtoltailleffi It-was morethan half a-hundred-weight that time, and worth 5s. 9d. per lb. They stole property at other times, and for along timue past more than 20 of the men purloinedbrocade and emerald green. James Robins, a paper-stainer in Bailleff's employ, said that a quantity of brocade was brougDht to his house for his mlaster. The latter gave him money, which he paid Herding for bringing the property. He did not know it was M sr. C0o.1ssa asked where Harding was, as he was a guilty party. Mr. Solomon remarlked that he was out of the way; but the polee would keep a sharp look out for him. A few days ago he was a witness against M1r. Bailleff and a man named Tinny, on a similar charge, and, as itwasprobable that he would be placed in the dock, he should ask his worship for a remand to get farther evidence. It was a very serious robbery, having been going on about five years Mr. Coar remanded the prisoner until Tuesday, refusing to accept baiL. Our reporter was requested by Mr. CoanSaxto acknowledge the receipto of 5s. from "0 Ma M,for the poor-box of this court. ' I.ASSwer-Mfr. Solomon applied to the Hon. G. 0. NORToN for a warrant against a person well known at this court, for obtaining Sl. f'rom a client of his under false pretences. Mr. Solomon raid that the person in question, and whose aname he should for the present, for obvious reasons. not disclose, had on the 18th of last month received 3&, and on the 1st inst. 24 more, from a Mrs. Penny, a respectable woman, the proprietress of theNewifgbon Axnm publichonse, in King-street, -Walworth, on a promise and undertalding to obtain for her house a mnusic license, at the Xinqton quarter sessions in October next.. The fraud whicn he (Mr. Solomon) would be in a -condition dis-tinetly-to scow was this, thattheperson obtainingthemoney, beiag -perfectly conversant. -with the whole system of music licensing, was perfectly well awre that in order to obtain a license next October it would have been necessary to serve the, prish officers with the necessaynotices of the itention of makinDg an apulication to the magistrates in session sin Jnn e last, andtheiefore that it would beimpossible to obtain alicensebeforeOctober l2months. Therewas 'also a second false pretence, ancd that was thas the man was acting as an attorney's clerk, which representation could be disproved, as well-as a futner representationthat he had served notices on the chuchwardens and overseers of the parish of Newington. In conclusion, Mr. Solomon said that the lady on whose behalf he made the application was notsufiitiently well to Lttend,buttherewaspresenton her behalf a respectable friend of hers who had actuallypaid themen themoney and heard the whole of his representations. , Mr, NomToN observed that warsants were not generallY granted in such cases, but he hadno objection whatever to grant a summons, or the parties inight, if they thought nroper, give the offender into custody. is. Solomon said, his client would prefer a warrant or summons, and, as his worshi suggested the latter; he shoul1d accept a summons. }e added that he had no doubt tbatwhen his worshp saw the name of the man who had obtained themoney, and in whose handwriting the receipts appeared, hewod have very little doubt of a case being estab' sed againathm 1.- - Mr. 2NbnRToa (on reading the, recipts).- shiould not 'S all wonder if you make out your case, Mr. Solomon, and, therefore takee a summons. - Oeorge Green, a young fellowr of 19, ws brought up for fiual exmnationl on a charge of stealing* a-gold -watch, of theo value of 20 guineas, from the person of Xr. .l:Euis, usear the Surrey Gardens, on thie eveniing of the Guardsdinner. - - On thxe ls e'xamnation MSr. NEorton sentenced the prismiser, who had pleaded guilty,to the offenoe, to five-montha': hard labour, but, hasing been muoequently informed that the preonerhs been formerly.convickted,and that two con- stab.es who were in attendane td.wlpk to his former ehw. racter . had.gone away: before the case wasaahled on, he sosglyeeasedtheir conduct, and gamin- -rad the urlsonerfortheirattendancc.: Yesterday the officers -were in attendance, but werenot,able to speak to- a- former, con- viictior. . . 1 Br. NOLToy expressed the wineost surprise that ou of a batce of upwards of W'inotorious and mistkebe thievs congreated from all parts of the metropolis to the vicinity of the.SrreGardens oni the dayin questio not one aong that number had been spoken to by tho deective offics. This'fcthe (fr.Norion) consider,ed very extraordsina , and hestrongly objected tothe,'practice of the detectives going awaytbe moment the2 is.w prisoners, and not; stop. plug1 at lecthlos o them vthu had ever-seen the prisoners butlpndJ2im;o W-Aibwmdh Hous of Coaectinafor ireo kicbWs CiGrdy, as- lrs abow.ru and anezev an Inik yiouth- of ;beut 18,- w.zweAai riisL foniber on n charge of e*tngsid * i onD in, a MCAe MIMew Aanw ,dteatexhm&li Doh dykhshim~ iic4sa blrw vn,th*souig Whoum the cm..i wag teled on Mr. Kine -sinteda2 for:iie defasen*asbef6r*; sad M taeothrl e and id he4k appearSd fo &muin .1Mr2tWORTmN inqired _.'whozzxhj Iris retain4 ad a i 4 -Ythe tcito," ubti tliw'.he latber positive clenitd, Ua ~~beeui a driseed by aper r theiiinWmurt wvho mAoidhim te6 -adreMhs Hiser b then l6ok hkim to~ a egbun ul0hue weeh found the =iaster hoaedhmna qeoisadwrt tlhema dowz4 but addotepoywniogiebman 1anOny; Thle piueuo t~pitd'u h esnt =indled the "tot~ tha ha badhn ol]yl oore he ofti of e6urt the dat'bfi f~iini4ule n eso do tbemme then mm a a toc ue.Bas - Te prtiulas o -iis uItbarngbeen Weore tbhe The ~sonzs,'ttenhertdin~~ ofthes lengthy depo;
r I - -THE LEUsI AST. - .SHEFELD, aSrrT.: 5. The annul feas of the Ancient Corporation of the Cutlars of Sheffield tookplace last siiht at the Cutlers'-hasl 3x thin town. Thogrmat atrclion of this dinner is derived ro-m the presence of the distinguished strangers who upon gash occ3sions are usually invted, and yesterday the new 2Lster Catler (A-r. Wostenholm) was honoured by the comn tany of the Duke of Newcastle, Mr. Dallas, the American Miist-er, Air. milnas, ML.P, A3r. Roebuck, M.P., Hz. Qiveira, MiP., Mrr. B. Dealson, ALP., Lord Denmian,.Iord G. Manners, the Ma yors of Grimsby and Doncaster, IT. GuPdin, of tho French navy, l&r. Bessemer, Whose important I improvement in the manufacture of iron is now attrac t 5ng sach general attention, and a general company of 6hbout 20 of the principal inhabitants of Sheffield, and friends from a distance. ' Ths Master Cutler occupied the chair, and the cloth Iavingbeen removed, the usuaaloyrltoasts weredisposedof. The MAsTER CuTwsz, in proposing "The Aramyand Navy," remarked that England, to be wealthy, successful, and free, must bo strong. It was bymight as well as right that they must hops to preserve their present position among the ations of the world. Woe must maintaineand strengthen that noble British navy which floated on everv pater, and whose flag as respected by all nations, ani -We must also cherish and support that gallant army whose prowess had been distinguished in so mny victories. The tames of Wellington, of Nelsen, and of Marlborough had become household words. "Who does his best where circumstance allows, "Does well, acts nobly, angels could no more." And Our troops in the lat7e ar, in the battle field at Ali, on the heights of Inkermaun, at the deadly charge of Balakldva, in thpe'lous trenches about Sebastopol, befdro the nal of the doomed fortress, had acted the part of heroes. (Cheers) f'olonel HoDGE, of the 4th Dragoon Guards, nlow stantionedat Sheffield, a_knowledged the toast, Bhe MlASTERE Cur±ER, observing that they were honoured upon the present occasion with the presence of a distinguished French officer, said, it gave him great pleasurI to propose the health of iLa Emperor of th no,=couing the toast with the name oi 3L Gudin. He was quite sure that the people of England, and none morm than those of Bhefueld, appreciated most highly the friendlyfeeling which happily subsmsted between the two nations. c M. GrDLia, in returning thanks, said that nothing had pleased him more than the last toast-that of to e-Eglish army and navy. He was sorry to say that England and France had been pitted, agamst each other too long, but perIpe there was no great harm done, for as they had tested each other's courage in the field they could now fight with greater confidence together against any enemy who night present himself. (Hear, hear.) But peace had come, aud for that reason Birmingham might well be jealous of Sheffield, for Birminoham forged-weapons of war while Sheffield forged kmives and forks-knives with which when young We use to cut our pens to write love letters, but when old to write accounts. (Cheers, and laughter.) He was o,uite sure that the knife which was to cut the tie which bound Eneland and Frc ogether would never be forged in Sheffield. (Cheers.) He had the pleasure of er.onally knowing the Emperorof the French and had had ao honour of presenting to him Mr. Bessemer, who had reaeived great encouragement and support from hinu. The people of France were deeply indebted to England for the noble subscriptions they had raised for the relief of the 5ufferers from the latoterrible inundations whichhad taken place in his country. He concluded by drinking " Health nadProsperity to the good, noble, ancient, and wealthy town of Sheffield. " The Health of the Dukre of Norfollk having been Tne LASTER CUTrAM proposcd that of "The Duke of Newcastle," observing that the diligence shown by the noble Duke vwith regard to the public service had procured him general confidence and esteem. (Hear, hear.) T'he Duke of NEwcasTLE, who, on rising was greeted with general cheering, said,-fr. Master Cutler, often as yourpredecessors in tho chair have invited me to your hospitable board, and greatly as I have desired upon each successive occasion to appear among you to renew some friendships and to originate, as I hope, other acquaintunceships which may afterwards ripen into intimacy, cir. eumstances of various kinds have hitherto prevented my being here, and I say with no mock humility that I am unable to account for the fervour and kindness with vhich you have received my name. However anxious I might be in my public capacity, as a mem'ber of the Legisla. tuze or as a Mnister of the Crown, I knowv of nothing which has entitled me to such a reception at your hands, The Master Cutler has referred to the offices I have held in the Government of this country. (lHear.) I do not forget at this moment the remark, "Abuse me as much as you ike, but for Heaven's sake don't pass me over in silence' (a laugh); an-I if I am not to depart from this axiom, al I can say is that I feel I have deep reason to be grate. fal for much that has been said, and, still more, that has been written of me Within a very recent period. (Cheers.) 'Upon this occasion politics are properly en. eluded, nor will bethe first to encroach upon that whole. ;ome rule; and, although the Master Cutler aluded more especialUy to the office I ately held of Secretary of War, I Mill not be tempted even by that allusion into any vindication of myself, however well it might be received by you. Nay, more, I will not be tempted by the presence even of my hon. and learned but somewhat aggressive friend the member for Sheffield (laughter and cheers) to entei into any explanations on this point. The time may come when-nay, I am ready at this moment-I shall see fit to venture on so audacious an act as to break a lance with him. Bat the time still more probably will come when the publication oE documents will establish facts which may induce even my hon. and learned friend to somewhat modify his opinion. (Hear, hear.) At all events, you will, I am sure, be convinced that the long and determined silence which I have maintained for many months past has been dictated by other and higher motives than a cceptance of tha blame vhich has been cast upon me, or an entire acquiescence in much of the self-lanudation which has been assumed by others. (ear, hear.) I will only make this further allusion to my recent connexion with the Govern. meat of the country, that, having resolved from the hour iat I ganve up the se als of office that I would go to the Crilmea and visit that army myself, as well for the clear. ance of my own conscience as to acquire a knowledge which I knew neither I nor any one else in this country possessed -having determined to go in spite -of the earnest remonstrances of many sincere friends, I only felt one regret, and that was that I had not for a companion, when visiting the frenches. the camp, and the hospitals, the hon. chairman of the Sebastopol Committee. (Laughter and cheers) I assure the hon. gentleman, however, that that feeling was not dictated by the circumstance of the numerous bhls of various sorts and sizes that occasionally whizzed about amy head, but that ho might have the opporlunity of witnessing the uniform and generous kindness with which I was received, not only by the officers, but by every private in the army. (Cheers.) And let me say that before I left the camp my gray jacket and white cp became as well known to the privates as the uniform of their own officers. (Cheers.) Enough and more than enough upon a topic sipon which I would not have ventured to address a word had it not been for the allusion you, Sir, made. Now let me turn to a more -agreeable and more important theme, and congratulate you upon your having among you, for the first time, I believe, a distinguished representative of, I wil not say a foreign, but a cognate country (cheers)-the representative of a country the like of which has never yet been seen, springing as it bas done to so mighty a size, and into such immense political importance, within so ort a space of time (cheers); for the United States at this moment can reckon very Little more than the &rdinary span of a human life. There are men now alive who can remember the Declartion of Independence. I believe it only reckons some four score years existence as a naidon, end yet in thatshort space of time it has increasedin Population from little more than 2,000,000 to something short df 801,000,000 of inhabitants, while the country has oxtended from a mere seaboard to an extensive contine-t, and we now greet in this isle one of the most distlagulshed men as its representative. (Cheers.) The ' recephion you have given to my faint alinsion to his merits wl convince him, if conviction were necesscry to a mind of his enlightenment, that not only this community, but those who are bound up with the i nterests of the community,-I speak of the whole country,-are resolved to do everything in their power to maintain the most friendlv relations with it. (Cheers.) I asi satisfied he iill be convinced that this country would make eve.y sacrifice but one to avoid a war with the United States; and that one he would, I am sure, never wish to filch from us-I mean the sacrifice of honour. (Cheers.) We must not be alarmedif occasionally some i little difficulties arise between us and our Transatlantic I bIlthren, for I believe it is the nature of the two freest countries in the world that there should be a difficulty occasionally in maintaining peace between them, which arises from the very circumstance that they are the two freest countries in the world. We should see, therefore, that tsherelatio°nship between England and the United Staites. be carefll mainaiined; hut of this I m two .fom theUnited States as is here to-night, there is litte probability of anY supture between the two countries... (Cheers.) I believe that the exportation of onwrougnt teel-not to speak of manufactured articdes-from -this tOwnI to America amount-s at preent to 6,000 tons, *phich of itself fOrms not a golden, but an iron link betwveen the two countues. I congratulate you upon the present pTesperous state of your towYn; and 1 ant not afraid of -ad&,esil,gyou in terms-of congratulation, for it has been of ,uch a duration as to romise that it will not only continue but incease.tote au~ h thrtspeedIy maybbelattbued. Ibeieve it is duo, net merety to the course which Parliament has pursued ,wii' the last 10 years, huet talso to the -reatly improved faling existing between the masters and the workmen, and to th conlideuce and goodwilwl which appear to have ani. ed all classes of society. Ic*n remember visitin' ShefiLd when I was not able to mnake these pleasin %serva- tion3, but at peiods when masters were dis tral and the' WOTrkfen in so ePhn like a istate of revolt. In short 43ies, and dis55atonat 0 ;me coitirnued 5olOOgthat4 andr-t uend to brea.k the hearts of its inhahitasits, and to make them hensnive that the prosperity of thisancient town had nPdcome to an,end. But I believe that withi the last few says a .most important element of futulre prosperity jtas 7arisenaslg you.o I think that that great discovery wilr.ot only increase the Prosperity of this towin; butbte o` lasting benefit to the countir at large. I allude of course to the wonderful discovery of Mr. Bessemer. (Hea-, heir.) Perhaps as a coalowner I ought to be a little afraid,- but I have such confidence in My politicoveconomic-creed that I believe, however. Mr. Bessemer may reduce the consumption of coal, your prosperity w,ill equally tend to produce lny prosperity, nor do -I pretend to be extresmely disinterested when I express .my ear-nest hope tha.t that great discovery .may produce all the benefits wshich I moost sanguinely anticipate from it. I believe there never was a time within the memory of mcost of us when all party poLtics were at So low an ebb, and party feeligs so little influenced men as at the present moment. I do not deny that this may have some disadvantage, but I speek feegly when Iesay that, isolatedsslIafiom ublia life, MfoDnected from every party whatever, -Am a somewhat useless individual (cries of "No, no" and cheers), but this state of things has this great advantage-it is a season when all social improvements may be greatly promoted. For instance, we see at this moment persons of all creedsand political professions-men who entertar. on a variety of subjects the most different opinions-uniting together without any party feeling to obtain one common end in the promotion of the education of the people. Still more recently we have seen an important movement made for the reformation of juvenile offenders. These are most important social questions, and I knowf thAt in the towvn of Sheffield thiey have never been naglected. I know that recently you have appointed a committee upon the subjct of the reformation of juvenile criminals, who -have reported considerable.length, with a view to the practical adaptation of the princples so ably discussed at Bristol. (Hear, hear. If I alude to these important social questions Idoso with the hope that another important point will not be forgotten-I mean the improvemuent of the physical condition of the peopl.e; for If am convinced you must go to the root of the evil, and while endeavouring to prOmOte the reformation of juvenile offendeis you must weed and root out the nascent seeds of vice before they' havo crladed the minds of the young. Never let us forget that while we should supporb schools it is Our duLty to improve the physical condition of the people, without which all our efforts will prove feeble and ineffective. L' there is one politico-economic axiom more adnitted than another, it is that crime is in exact proportion to the poverty of the country. Iknow of nothing more certain than that if you sumceed in rendering the situation of the labouring dasses of the country more prosperous yov. will, to a certain extent, eradicate and prevent crime. Look at that country a short distance across the water which has afforded to every statesman a lesson that he should learn and pnnder upon every hour of his life. W'hat was tile condition of Irelnd some years ago compared with its present state? Seven or eight short years have elapsed, and the convictions in that country have been reduced from 21,000 in the year to'not more than 5,000o;ind can you doubt that that state of things has arisen from anything else than the improved physical condition of the people? And, again, look, at home, at vhat has taken place in your own county, the West Riding, and you will find that even within the last six months the diminution of pauperism is extraordinary, while in the neighbouring county, to which I belong, it has been reduced from 18 to 16 per cent. These are subjects not merely for rejoicing, but for instruction, and show us that while we support reformatories and education we oughtb to continue to do everything which can better the physical condition of the labouring classes, and never forget that it is not the position, wealth, and patriotism of the aristocracy, but the industry, the enterprise, the riches, and the virtues of the middle classes, which, combined with the prosperity of the working population, produce the chief strcagth of the naion. With ce we may hope to continue happy end prosperous, for with these we may be assured of strength in war. (Cheers.) Nobody knows better than an assembly of this character that the strength of a beam is just equal to the tensile power of its weakest part, and I trust we shall always endeavour to senghen the weakest part in the body politic that it may be enabled toCbear that pressure which must ere long from many quarters be brought to bear upon it. (Cheers.) Thenoble duke concluded by again thankingthe company for the kind reception they had given him. The LEAsrm CUTLER, in giving " the health ofithe American Minister," said, he should have been proud to have the honour of his company at any time, but it was doubly welcome now after the settlement of the recent complications with the country he represented. The toast was drank enthusiastically. Mr. DALLAS, on rising, was received with a burst of cheering. He said :-As I had never been at Sheffield, it was with very great pleasure that I accepted the invitation most kindly transmitted to me on this occasion. An American citizen and a representative naturally desires to see a community so eminently distinguished for its industrWial energ es, of whose active enterprise it is impossible that he can be ignorant. But I did not flatter myself with the hope that I should re.eive a welcome so cordial as that with whichyouhavegreetedme. Itistco littlemeritedby your unknown guest to be regarded by him in anyother light than as a sign of generousamitytowardshis country. (Cheers.) As such it is received and reciprocated with the highesb gratification and the waxmest thanks. (Cheers.) Like yourselves, the sons of the Western Republic love the land to which they belong, and they listen, especially when abroad, as to sweet music, to those who express towards her sentiments of friendship, of honour, and of goodwill. (Cheers.) It is not for me, a mere stranger, to refer to the local topics of interest which justly pre-occupy your minds, As to them I am a mere looker-on, eager for instrac. tion and anxious to understand. But, as perhaps, not the least inappropriate to the occasion among the numberless vestiges of this progressive age, let me allure your minds to a single one, perhaps the latest, which I think must be of great moment to the soca relations existing between the two nations. Let us hope that the consequences maybe mutually advantageous. You have probably heard of the irrepressible cupidity of my countrymen. They are about to undertake a daring exploit of annexation-an annexation that will at once embrace these islands, and mus ltimately include all Europe, Asia, and Africa. (A laugh.) Ihave actually in my possession a piece of a bar which has just been forged to bind thoso three Eastern venerable continents to the fresh one of Columbia. We say in the far 'West that | you possess acesnnulated treasures, which we covet and must have. (Hear, hear.) The great discoveries of your explorers in the earth and in the heavens are innumerable, and the additions made to the comfort and happiness of the human race by you are hundreds of milions; the schemes of your commerce, every step you nmake in morals, in jurisprudence, in the press, even in finance and the stocks, we want and we must have, and have them as quickly as yourselves. We are aware that there is not in the wings of the carrier-pigeon strength enough for this, and that steam is too wretchedly slow for our impatience. Buta subterranean electric cable, with one grapple at St. John's, Newfoundland, and the other at Valentia in Ireland, resting on 1,700 miles, secure and indestructible in the depths of the Pacific, will realize all our objects, achieve all the desires of our hearts, and rivet an annexationmorewonderful andinfinitely more paiseworthy than that of Texas or of Oude. (Cheers.) not have indulged in this flight, even to beguile you for a moment, were you not perfectly satisfied that the astonishing fact whence it has sprung is no longer disputable. Our two countries, the dominions of Her Britannic Majesty and the fUnited States of America, though separated by the stormv sea thousands of miles inwidth, wil, inthe course of coming years, be drawn by the magical machinery, so to speak, of science, within conversational distance of each other. (Cheers.) The preliminary soundings were perfected a few days ago between these two great artesies of sympathy of thought. I wish the line were now in operation, and why ? Because I would instantly illustrate its most glorious adaptation to the promotion of goodwill among men in distant places by sending your toasts to my compatriots, and giving you before you rose from this table a full-hearted American response. (Cheers.) " The health of the Chairman" having been drunk on the proposition of the Duke of Newcastle, Mr. Dux\ gave "The Health of the Members of the West Riding." Mr. B. Dmnisos returned thanks, observing that it was now two years since he had been called upon to responed to the toast, it not having been in his power last year to he present. In that period great events had taken place; mighty battles had be en fought, and splendid victories won, until at last the armies of England, conjoined with those of theirgreat ally, had at last been crowned with success. We sent our soldiers to take Sebastopol, and they had done it. The war had been begun while his noble frend the Duke of Newcastle was one, and, in n s opinion, one of the most efficient, of the Ministry. (Loud cheers.) That nobleman worked from morning till night and night till morning. (Hear, hear.) He was the most abused of any man in the service, and, as he (Mr, Denison) maintained, had been most grossly calumniated. But the page of history would reveal the truth (cheers), and as he beheved, would record the fact that the noble flake had been made the scapegoat of the Ministry and the party. What his colleagues had not been pernitted to carry out their successors had executed most satisfactorily, and he must say that, in his opinion, Lord Palmerston deserved the thanks of the united kingdom. (Cheers.) He had nothing to do with eitherthe previous or the existing Government, but he liked to praise a man who did his work well, whether he were Conservative, lhig, or RadicaL. He conceived it to be his duty to vote with liberality the supplies both for the army and the navy (cheers). and he was proud to say that he had never yet met with an individual who had grudged the money that he had been called upon to pay to support Her Majesty's forces. Their gallant army had curbed the ambition of Russia and preserved tha balance of power in Europe; long might it remain in its present condition. (Cheers.) They had now come back to a state of peace, and he had no doubt that the whole kingdom woulid continte in that state of prosperity in which it was before the war commenced. (Cheers.) Mr. WALIEn proposed "The flealth of the Borough Members," and in doing so-spoke of, the great worth of T ., Hadfield, whom he designated as one of. the most useful members of the House of Commons, and expressed his opinion that if that hon. member succeeded in his attempts to cleanse theAugean staible of the ecclesiastical courtr-he would have done as great a service t+ his country as thb hon. chairman of the Sebastopol committee. Mr. Roxauox,who on rising,wasreeivedwith loud cheers. said,-Mr. Mastcr Cutler,-I have to return to you and the gentlemnen present my best thanks fog the manner in which- they havereceived the proposal to dninli.my health and thab of my hora colleague. As hl is not here, psrbaos:you will allow me to say that he has beent to you a verynsefal representative. (Rear, hear.) He has been to me also a very kind and efficient friend, and every day that I have pIsed in the House of Comnmops since his return has been rndered ]ess onerous by his assistance. Therefore, will say that in his behelf which I should be ashamled to say were he here.- The noble Dake has called moethb learned and somewhat aggressive 3nember;for Sheffield. I think-thati the noble Duke has hardly followed the historw of my doings with respect to himself. For once in my life-and it wrrasas astonishing circurmatance,-Ipramisda man in the House of Commons; that man was the noble Duke. (Cheers.) Thero are friends at this table who said upon that occasion that, contrary to my wont, I was illogical, and that I ruined my cause by the praise which I bestowed. Imade a promise then in the House of Commons which I intend to keepthat T would never praise a man again. (laugbter.) I then stated, what I really believed, that the noble Duke had been made the scapegoat of his colleagues (chqers), that he was sincere in his desiro to do al the duties of his office; that he was industrious; that he was sedulous for the beneiit of the army; and that the army owed him a debt of gratitude. I said all this when tho noble Dluko was was not-present; butitwasm;ifatotoeiousehim andhhis colleagues with a rattling peal of thunder, vvhen I moved for the Sebastopol committee. But was I to blame for that ? Did not the people of England, and did not-theHouse oE4 Commons, go with me? I put it to tho noblo Duke if he thins,% that I did not do my duty on 'hat occasion. ('Sear, hear," from the Duke of Newcastle, and cheers.) Faz be it 'rom me to say where the blame Lay, but blame there was. I pointed out where, the blame ought not to lay, andI hoped that that proceeding onmypartwould havebeen zemembered. (Hear.) What were the circumTstances? Now although it is a very useful rule at cutlers' feasts thatno man shall talk politics, yetIfind that politics are talked from the beginning to the end of the meetings. Am I to be blamedfor that? I didn't begin, or lead off the dance. I didn't point out the figure. I only followed where others-far my superiorshave led the way. (Cheers.) WlV1, then, I ask you, gentlemer., that seeing our noble army was melting away-dying by thousands-not by the arms of the enemy, but by the neglect of friends (hear, hear)-was I to blame for calling the attention of the people of England to that fact? (Cheers, andcriesof "No,no.") That the noble Duke was driven from officeIam exceedingly sorry, for I think hewasagood and efficient servant of the Crown (cheers), andlthink hewould have received great aid from that committee, -had ho remained in office. But the peculiar feelings of th6 noble Duke did not enable him to retain his office, and others came in that I cannot say are his superiors. (Cheers.) But for all these things am Ito be blamed? (Cries of "No, no.") f not, I want to know what was the-mcaning of the statement made by the noble Duke of the aggressive iiature of the hon. member for Sheffield? I ws aggressive, but itwas on your behalf. I was aggressive, but it was for the noble army of England. (Cheers.) I was aggressive, but it was for the honour and safety of the country. I endeavoured to conciliate those two things, the safety of England and the retention of tbe noblo Duke, and when I found that to-be incompatible, and believing thatthe one was far superioitothe other, I threw myself and all that were with me into the scaleinwhichmycountryvwas. If IforgotthenobleDukeI beg his pardon, and I hope Ishall obtain it. (Cheers.) I'shall ass from that subject. I think I may say that Ihave vinaicated mvself, and that there is nothing in the mind of the noble Duke of asperity towards me (" hear, hear," from the Duke of Newcastle), as I am quite sure Caere is nothing of asperity in me towards him. (Cheers.) There is one very significant subject in this evenings meeting. It is the appearance of the hon. gentleman the representative of America. (Cheers.) Now, there is no man more willing than I am, more anxious - than I am, to maintain a kindly feeling between the people of this country and Ame. rica. Many years of my youth were passed in that country. I know them well, and I like them. But I hope that his Excellency, who now represents America here, represents the feeling of his country. I am quite sure that he wiU see that upon this side of the Atlantic there is nothing bat kindness and goodwill,-a free, frank, and generous disposition towards the people on tho other side of the Atlantic. We are an old people; we are a proud people; we have that sort of pride that enables as to be careless of what is said about us. Now, his is a young country. Theythave not acouirad that pride. I wish they had. If they would know what is thought about them in this country let them look to meetings like the present; and I assure the hon. gentleman, his Excellency from America, that thereis no kindness and no goodwill which they can manifest on that side of the water that will not be reciprocated on this. We are desirous and anxious to consider them as our friends and relatives; but he mnust know, living in a free country, that the expression of opinion must be unfettered here. (Cheers.) He cannot expect that we would he sycophantic enough to praise everything American. *We do not expect from them t'Latthey should praiseeverything English. There are bloiz upon both sides, but depend unon it tnat friendly criticism on both sides of the water will do each other good. But there must be no unnecessary heat on either side. We must be just; we must be magnanimous; we must be generous; we must be friends; and if the Americans choose to find fault with us, we shall accept their criticism, but we shall reciprocate the benefit by finding fault with them. (Laughter.) Iam quite sure that much benefit wi arise to both nations from this course of proceeding. We receive their literature, we receive all the advances they make in science. They take a fair proportion f-oin us. For this literature we pay them well; and for their arts and sciences they are no losers by exchanging with us. Let them not grudge the greatness that belongs to us. Let them be free and frank descendants of England. Let them honour the root from which they sprang. If they are great, we are great. I believe that they aro destined to be a great people. We are that already. We have conferred benefits upon mankind that manknd can never forget. (Cheers). This may be a proud assumption, but it is both proud and true. (Cheers.) o,btiisohpruan 4 The Maoz and Corporation of Sheffield," progsed by M. Milnes, "TheM istrates of the West Ridng," by Mlr. Smaith, *' The Health of the Past Catlers," and a vaiety of other local toasts, were then proposed, and the proceedings werebroug,ht to a conclusion, the party separating at 11 o'clock.
PP~EA CHING IN 'HE BPARBS. TO THE EDITOB OF THE MTMThS. Sir,-I ain requested by a body of clergymen and Dissenting ministers, wrho met recently at my house, to address you with a view of correcting an undesirable publio impression which theybelieve to eAst with regard to the preaching in theVictoria-park. In a paragraph which appeared in The Times of Augast 28, embodying Sir Benjamin all's nrohibi. tory notice, it was implied (or, at least, has been souncerstood in many quarters) that the ministers so engaged had entered the park stealthily and without authority, in the train of temperance societies or other authorized parties. The se inference, it is felt, may also be dravn from the public notice itself, which wvas issued vwithout any previous intimation whatever being given to the body of geAtlemen vho conducted the arrangements for preaching. I am requested to state, as a matter of fact, that before commencing the proposed plan a note was addressed to Sir Benjamin Hahl, under the joint signatures of nine of the ministers acting together, requesting his acqniesoence, in replyto which they received a Ietter from the Office of Works, signed by his order, informing them "'that instructions had been Riven to Mr. -Gibson,. the superintendent of Victoria Park." On presenting themselves to the sanerintendent, they were couiieeusly* received by him, and all arrangements wrere made to mneet their onuvenience in prosecuting their objects. They think that the mention of these circusnstauces masy be of some imp,ortance in setting them right with the public; and that it will appear that they have some reason to complain of the manner at least of theiresciusion from the p ark. Hoping that you wvill allow this statement a place in your columns, I am. Sir. your obedient servant. G.- T. DRIFFIELD, Rector of Bow. I Rectory, B8ow, ;Sept. 4.
THE FA1~Z AZL OPbi A, HTHSe .r-v Tg , Yesterday- morming Mr. W. J. Payne, deputy coroner for the city of Lo;adon, and a jury. held an inqast atSt. BarthOlomew's H Pi'tl,on the bodies of Williani Palmer, aged 31 years, and t tre step childrem, ElbiaPoullen, agedl 1 4; James Pollen, 12 ; and Thomas Pellen,5 - the four unfortnnate persons who were klled by the Ufllsn of ae house in which tiey resided in Little Swan-alley, situate at the rear of Tokenhouse-yard, and on the east ride of Moorgate-street, early on the morning of Wedneulay. last. Tihejery, upward of 20 in number, was a highly respec. table one, sected from the most influential residents of theoparish in whih the calamity occurred, and sir. Joseph Perkins, a member of the Common Council, acted as foreman, B,efore e,ntering upon the inquest thei met the fColroner in Iattle Swan-alley, and inspected the niins of the MIr.. W. Jones, ward-clerk of Coleman-street Ward, in jvhich district the house was situated, attended and watched the proceedinis, tccompanied by several of the members of the common Council, Commissioners of Sewers, and vestrymen of St. Stephon's parish. Mr. Woodithorpe, tho district surveyor, 'was also present with plans of the premises. TIhe bodies of tB.e deceascd lay in the dead~house. of the 'ho hat of fElizabeth 1Polen' bha°* been conveyed Uthier with a view to the inquest, from the deadhouse of St. Stephen's chutch, Colemau-street, to which it w-asinthe first instance taken after being dug out of the ruins. Those of her stepfather snd two brothers had been conveyed after the accident direcst to the hospital, there then being some faint hopes, which unhappily proved fallacious, that lfe in them was not wholly extinct. The jury having accompanied the Deputy Coroner to view the bodies of the deceased, on their return The deputy cotoner said, as the inquiry was one of considerable importance he proposed fast to take evidence .dantifyag tne bodies, then medical testimony as to the nature of the injcn-ie- from which the deceased persons died, and then such evidence as would show how and, why the building in question fell, and ascertain thereby if any blame attached to any arson. Elizabeth Pole ldsposed that she lived with P,amer, the deceased, who was a labourer, about 31 years of age, at 2lo. 9, little Swan-alley.' The three children now dead were hers, and resided with her and Palmer in Little Swan-alley, at the time of the accident. She had resided in the house on two occasions. She had been back. the last time about three or four moinths, and occupied the first floor hack. The front room of the first floor was occupied by other persons. The Kings occupied a room above. About four months ago sh lived in the room of a Mr. Marsh, at 2-s. a-week, and continued her tenant till about six weeks since, when M. Crane became the landlord of- the premises, and she had since that paid the rent to him. She had complained to Mrs. Marsh of the state of the house. There was only one roomi on the groumd floo; the floor of the room underneath that she oosupied had been taken away. last Saturday Iight week she complair-d to M. Cra.e, when she paid him her rent, of the stat@e of the floor, and pointed out the broken state of the flooring near the fireplace. The wood was much decayed. As he stood at the door he looked at the place, and said he would look to it. He did not call again until Sundayr last, when, he came for his rent. On Sunday last she peid him again her rent, but nothing had occurred than to excite her alarm. In the course of the evening she fancied she hs3rd a cracidng noise, andt noticed it to iMrs. King and deceased, Palmer, and said s'e should soon get out of the house. By the Forems-Mr King said at the time that she had heard strange sounds, and that they had better get out as soon as possible. Evidence continued.-About 9 o'clock on Tuesday night she heard a cracking noise near the fireolace. It appeared to be in the place where she had heard it be.ore. She and the deceased, Palmer, had' not then retired. All the family slept in the same room. The children slept in a bed under the _place where she heard the noise. Herself, Palmer, and the baby slept in one bed, and the three children now dead in the other. About 10 o'clock they retired to rest, and about 5 minutes past 12 she was awoke by her child. She got out of bed to give him something, and walked the room with him for a short time. She then heard a'fearful cracking again. Her hushing the child did not shake the room. Tho room began to shake very much, and she awoke Palmer and desired himn to get up as the house was falling. He got up and went to the ecildren, and she opened her room door and alarmed the other inmates (the ings, who were dover her head).. W e standinag on the to p of the stairs outside her room door onehalf of the floor of the room gave way, the window fell, and was smashed aU to pieces, as was also the fireplace; hearing the crash she tried to run down stairs; the shaldins of the house threw down the stairs, and she and her baby wFere t-hrown into the street; but how it happened she had no recollection. She had made no complaints to the ward beadle or any other person. She had not seen any of them round that neighbourhood. She believed her mother, -who livedl in the house before her, had complained of the state of the house to a lady who visted the neigh bourhood to distlioute charity among the poor occupants of the neighbourhood. Crane accepted her as a tenant from Mrs. Marsh, about six or seven weeks ago. By the Jury.-Last week she experienced dificulty in closing the door, but it did not create alarm in her mind as to the state of the house. By the Foreman.-Her other son, who was aboub 15 years of age, had not returned from his work when the accident occusred. She saw him in the court shortly after the house fell. She did not know where Crane lived; she believedin Charles-place, Bell.alley. Theboardsinfrontol the fireplace were all broken away and decayed. There were no nails in them, and after sweeping the floor she had fre uently to put the boards in order the best way she James Frederick King deposed that he was a bookbinder. He occupied the top floor back, over that of the last witness. The other room on that floor was unoccupied. He bad lived in No. 9 about seven months, always occupying the same room. During that time he had conplained of the state of the house.- A week before the house fell he complained to Crane of the dilapidated staie of the house, particularly of the window of the room; it had a frame, but most of the glass was broken. On complaiing of it to Cr-ane, he said they might put in the glas; tliemiselves if they wanted it. Ilepaid Crane is. Gd. per week~ ret. When he took the room of Mrs. Marsh the glass was broken, but being unable to buy glass he patched it up in the best way hc could. The door of his room was " thoroTghly rotten and eaten away." He showed it to Crane, who saud, "Oh, you must make the best of it." On Sunday morning last Crane called for the ront. He was unable to pay him, and again complained of the state of the house, to which Crane replied, "If you .don't pay you know tho consequences," and he then left. On Tuesday night he was engaged preparing his work for the following day. About 10 minutes to 12 he and his wife retired to rest; a few minutes after he was aroused by a sound, and he said, " Hark- how its heaslig arouss wife said it was no suchi thing, for the stars were shining. He and his wife, and his wife's sister and four children, .lept on the floor, having no beds. Shortly after hearing the sound he found himself below. The floors afpeared to have "falen in all of a lump together." There was only a shop on the ground floor. The cellars went down a few steps. He did not think any of te goun fer hd ben cut away, le hatd never complained of the house to any onevhut Crane. He believed the house had not been examined by aunyone. He had never seen a surveyor there. Casane, the landlord, lives at 19, Little Bell-alley. He is a messenger in some office in the city. Mrs. Kig, who appeared to be suffering from the injuries received on Tuesdsay night, deposed that about three months ago a person inspected the house and ordered the rcoms to be whitewashed. He inquired who was the landlord, and said the house appeared inavery bad state. From the manner in which theonrson alludeld to acted, she thought heomust havecomefrom theBoardof Health. Shehadlongnoticed Ihe dilapidated state of the house. Pieces of mortar used to fal1 from the ceiling. On Friday night she and her sister were awol-e by a sound like the IIunloading of a cartload of bricks." The noise appeared to proceed from between the two houses. She got up andprocured alight, but could not see that anything had fallen. She did not mention it to any one the following day, because Mr. Crane was very hard upon them, and she thought if she did he would think it was done to get-out of the place. On Sunday Sibert, who occupied the room adjoining Palmer's, was hammering all day, putting a locI on his dor. Mrs. Palmersaid, "I don'tthink any of us willwant locks or bolts long, for I don't think the house wil stand long." Witness then corroborated her husband's evidence with regard to the noise on Tuesday night. Shoegot up with her baby, and saw in the fireplace a light which came from below. She said to her husband she thou"hb the house was osifire, and while sayinge that she fell tirough tie floor. She saw the crack on the side of the room nearest To. S, whence the noise appeared to come. Mfr. Reynolds and Mr. Cox looked at the house in the spring of the year, hut she did not kmow their object. * By the Foreman.-On Friday night sho and her Sier considered the house was unsafe. She made no attempt to leavo and made no complaint of the state of the house. Sarah Parry, who formerly occupied rooms in the. house deposed,-That about three years ago she notied the dilapidated state of the premises. The plastr from the ceiling near the window and the bricks from the fire place' began first to-fall She was a tefiant tolfrs. Marsh, and on complaining to her she had it repaired.' About the same time one of the steps of the stairs gave way from. decay. The summer before-last, while v.hite wshin the room, some of the plaster fell down, and sle coulN see through. She .was sister to Mrs. Pollen, and her mother occupied the house for a long time. From her observations shewas satisfiedthe house vwas in a very had state. Mr. Horton, Mr. Heddington, and others caLled some months since and looked at the exterior of the houses. They sadd they wished thehouses were all down. ar.d asked ne occupants wh y hey didnotleave. -They said th, parish wished to have the houses down. Mr. Reddingt-on did not jo into the house because he was afraid to go up the stairs. - lr. E. Woodtho:.To, district surveyor, deposed ihat he k new the premises in question, and produced plami he had nade of them. About 1 3months ago, whenhe was condemntng houses in Sun-court, adjoining Little Swan-alley, he found from observation, before his notice had been calleL to it, that the property was in a dilapidated state. Ile condemned the property in Snn-court under the old Building Act, which vested these powersin the Court of AlIdermen. Those houses were pulled down. At that time he euamined lhe exterior walls o£ the buildings now in questLi- -. - had no power to enter the premises and survey tber , . to ake care that no danger was likely to ocmu' frio- (.I build. ngs to passengers and the ad;iing' propcrt. By the new ct the occupiers-of houses were -protected s. -nnuch as psegr.Unadei the sAd si-t on a certaini procesabe toren li,-; he rhd p.-lrer to survey.. Th in t .1 pavui ndiz the e:dstingact,gave him no-tue of Lny aor, Qee z.dangerous, and on receiving it he applied i o tbh Ciurb 04, Sewers for authority to act. leir&i not antX' if Li'f Swvan-alley vias in the district of tha irpsec. to eemiti. If he saw- danger he should suowain the i.-- .st triiibt notice, and Teport to the Commi3sdiners of %eieci lse:e was nothing definite in the act to compel Buiveyoxs tq walk round their districts like policeman ind axamninO the dwelings, but it was the spirit of ilie ;a He hid condemued a whole street- on his own okeen-a tion and without his atteation having been called to it, The'removal of the houtses in Sun-court had- not affectia the stability of the liouse inr laSi-illey. .Thesa hou.ses were from IiOto 200 years old. Theiwoodwork was all wormeaten. I hal dexamined the premises sine& the accident. In his, judgmient the interior of the ho1e fell bodily fromn decay of the ends of the rafters; the woDd workVenerally being worm-eaten, arnd, fallng in this maznner, eo outer walls were forced over a shed into an adjoining court.. The lveight of the people in the house was more than the loors could bear, and that was the caurs of their giving way. The exterior walls of the house were not In so ruinous a state as .many in -the neighbourhood. The house, in. qestin shoired less exterior indications of falling than go hoouses Nos. 10, 11, and 12, now standing. About 10 or 12 years ago -be lieved A prsentment as to the house was maae to the ward inquest. He had since the accident taken measures for securing the vhole of the adjoinin- property.' Unless there were -some exterior indications ofdanger he should not ask to go in. saide. The only way to have known the state of the floors would have been to take np the boarding and examrine the hearings. A juror handed to witness a presentment relative to the buildings in question, dated 1845, and asked whose duty it was to take proceedings under it? *Witxness said, he believed it wAs referred to a select committee of the Court of Aldermen. ThoPoremaneiaidhathi-was-teforemaLn of thieinquest refered to, ancd the presentments wefre laid before the Court of Aldarmnen, who referred it to a select comamittee of the aldermen r if the ward, -with power to take the n Prom his ownImo wedigle he could statedthat theai required were attended to.- t ya Juror.-He had no doubt the surveyor at. t,hat time bad the repairs done. -In answver to a question from Mr. WTaddington, one of the | Woodthorpe said that ho took the opportmuity of into the hlouses No. 8, 10,11. and 12 a day or two simce, and he found the- interiors of them in an unsound tate. He had since obtained the necessary authority, and had condemned them that day. -The most dangerous parts of these houses were the chnnnney shaft-s, which, owing to the excavations of the eellars, w2re now supported by the joists of the building only. These old chimney shaftswere three times the weight of modern shafts. Surreptitious repairs of houses were frequently done, the surveyors knowing nothing of them. Great injury was frequently done to houses by sinking the cellars 12 or IS inches deeper than they ought to be, and this was generally done without the knowledge of the surveyor. He considcred it his duty, on seeing a building in a ruinous and dangerous state, to giv notiee to the Commissioners of Sewers, and when on his rounds to look out and examine buildings externlly, and see if there were any dangerous oriuinous indications abont them. He made periodical visits, but at no specified time; perhaps once or twice a-year. ByMr. Bennett (juryman).-Has not the state of these houses come under your especial notice minoe yon condemned the houses in the neighbourhood about two-and-ahalf years since ? I Mr. Woodthorpe.-There have been no external indicaByon Mrf danger, ;Di you take no means tosurey these houses when in the neighbourhood about three weeks Mr. Woodthorpe.-I did not examine them soecificaly, but only inW a casual way, together with other huildinos In answer to a qlestion from another juryman, Mr.Wlood. thorpe said, he did not know before the accident that these houses were condemned in 1845. The duties of the surveyor were defined in the old act, but had not been inserted in the new act. By Mr. Jones (Ward Clerk).-He -believed the indications of decay in these houses had been going on ever since they were built. The walls' and. chimneys were from 1 foot to 1S inches out of the perpendicular. The houses 10, 11, and 12 were kept back an their position by being tied with iron rods. M£r. Perkins, the foreman, was then examined relative to the presentment of the house to the Court of Aldermen in 185, and added that, as the landlord paid attention to the summons, the repairs were done without the forther interference of the Court of Aldermen. Mr. Bennett proposed to examine Mr. Perkims relative to the actual execution of the repairs, but he was inter- Tha Coroner, who said it was not necessary to go into that. Theyneednot be so particular, because that was merely a court of inquiry. lr. Bennett said he thought the jury should examine into It, because if the corporation failed to do their dutyinlS4S they were to blame. The Coroner said, they had nothing to do -with that nuw. It was a question for their consideration when they deliberated. After some further discussion, The Coroner said, it had been shown that repairs were ordered and executed. A juryman said, he thought the question arose whether the city surveyor of 1845 did his duty on the presentment made. The Coroner said, that was not a question then before them. Mr. Perkins said, that repairs were done to the house at the time which satisfied the gentlemen who presented the property. John Thomas Hopkinson, sanitary inspector, and inspector of pavements, deposed that he was appointed to those offices by the Commissioners of Sewers for the North Middle district, in which little Swan-alley was situated. When he saw a dilapidated building it was his duty to give notice to the district surveyor in writing. As a sanmtary officer he examined premises internaUy and externaly. He was appointed to his office in April, 1856, and he inspected the house in question on the 23d of May lastfor sanitary purpoese. The state of the houses he reported to the medical officers, who reported to the Commissioners, who then ordered the issue of the proper notices. The house then only appeared to want the plaster made good and cleaning. I he had noticed anyti gout of theusualcourse he should have reported it to' the surveyor. He considered he was empowered, as inspector of pavements, to anter any house he thought ruinous or dangerous. He was through Little Swan-ley four times last week, batt did not notice any indications of danger from the house. The district surveyor always attended promptly to his reports. Ho had examined many houses, especialy in Golden-lane, in worse condition than these were. He served Mr. Crane with the proper notice to white-lime and plaster, and this was done. He did not notice that the staircase was broken or that the boards of the floor were loose. The cellar was uninhabited; he did lIr. Randal, of No. 4, Randall-terrace, Poplar, was owner of the property in question up to about four years since. During the time he had it the city authorities complained of its state, and gave him notice to crepair, which he at. tended to. He thought the notice was served on him about 10years since. He disposed of the property, about eight or nine houses, to Mr. Crane. It was held under a lease on the life of an old lady at Greenwich, who died about five weeks since. By a juryman.-He could not recollect the amount of repairs done to the houses in consequence of the notice served on him. All was done to the satisfaction of the anthorities. Crane acted as his agent for the collection of the rents previous to his purchasing witness's interest in t'hem. Mr. Crane, the pMrson above referred to as the holder os tho property, deposed that he resided in Little Bellalley, and was a messenger at Messrs. Morrish and Co.s, Greshamnstreet. When hie took the property Nos. S and 9 were rented by Mr. Marsh, who let out No. 9 to weekly tenants. Marsh left the premises about four or five weeks since. He used to go to No. 9 to collect his rents, and went into the rooms. :e saw on those occasions the tenants. On Saturday fortright lrs. Pollen called his attention to a board that was loose in the floor near the fireplace. It aPpeared to bave been occasioned by the chopping of wo04 On moving it he could look into the cella. Last Saturday night he called, bet saw neither of the tenants, and went again conse"uence on Sunday morning. He then saw 11rs. Pullen,who paid him her rent without mading any complaint. She did not call his attention then to the state of the floor near the fireplace. He also saw King, who made no complaint. A steep on the stairs was loose, but nothing to indicate danger. NTo complaint was ever made tohim of thestate of thehouse except astothelooseboard. He was in the housethreehoursbeforeitfel.. Ee did notno. tice anything that indicated ita falling. He repaired all the windows except King's a week before the aceinwent, and he refused to re}air theirs becanse theywereb,adltenants. He had only been served wit.h a noticeto white-lime and repair, which he attended to at the time. By a Juryman.-The property was uot surveyed wlhenhe purchased it of Mr. Randl at 75 guineas per aunin. He had received the rents up to the time of to'e accident, aot knowing the old lady was dead on whose life the property was held. He knew the property was in a bad state ofrepair, but he did not consider it dangerosis. I Mr. Bennett.-If you had attended to the repairs of Pullen's floor you-would have discovered the joists were rotten. By a Jmryman.-He never examined the main timbers of the house. He did the repairs when Marsh rented the house. Mfrs. Sarah Marsh, of 10, Little Swan-alley, deposed that, when her husbandrentediNo. 9 theyletit outin tenements. She Lved in it about three years ago. 'It was not'partic. larly out of repair. It was rented is an old house. Shehad complained of certain repairs being necessary to Mr. Crane, which he had attended to. She never heard any cracding sounds, nor considered it in a dangerous state. By a Juryman.-She never felt any alarm about the house. Polce-constable Richard Hewett, No. 154, deposed that he had known the houses for 18 months, and the in'abitants also. They never complained to him of the stte of the premises. On Tuesday might, about 10 minutes past 12 o'clock, he heard a noise like unloading stones from a car, accompanied ith screaming. He proceeded to the spot, and found the house in ruins. Screams were coming from porsonsinthe run s, s well as those in the suronding ouses The houses appeared to havefallen down bodily. He then procured assistance. M. Sibert and MIr. Sibert were got out, and oonveyed to the hospitaL - Palmer and the other deeased, with the whole of the inmates, were taken from the ruins. Pamer s taken out dead about two hems after the accident. Ee Was taken from the cellar. E lzabeth Pollen and the other deceasedwere taken out be}ore Palmer. They were conveyed to the hospitaL He ssed the house about a quarter of an hour before- the acciden e neither heard nor saw anything indicating danger. IEverassistance-was rendere_ to the persons as they were tken fromm the ruins, and they were forwarded without delay in cabs to the hospitaL By Mr. 33ennett.-He dia not consider it a part of hii duty to report the dangerous state of buildings to the ditriict surveyor, If-he saw anything dangerous, or the inhabitats informed him of anytling dangerous, he should report it to his inspector. 'The coroner said, he had the names of several other witneseos, who spoka to the same facts, lbit The jury said, they considered it was not neoeesary for them to be examine. Mr. BEiott, chuhliwarden of St. Stephens, Co1eim- 144eet, tauted that there were a muaaec 4f these dilapiIated houses in the neighbourhood ia queici; cjfchreq r'" amin0ion, and he hoted the oorons and jury, from whak they had that day eard, -would Lxpres strogy theI opinion that it should be done forthwith.' Hio.xhQWu call on the sanitary inspetor to do his duty more thin heretofore.- - , Mr. I apeotorTodhunter handed ina li - Aof ie ie dated houses in the district, and id that,' altfhough itnso part of the duty of the police to examine tbeee hiui]di and rePrt them, beahould tali care it wru' donie inftre llDey, house surgeon, deposed that 'when P and the two' lads were brought t o the hositl, aha 3S o'clock-on WFednlesday morning, they wee al dasA sna their extremities cold. There w1ere no fractrmres ad .he appeared to have died from sufion. They presented th appearance of persons having suffered fr^m anidentrnh as that above described. = - Hewett was recalled. and staidthat the girl Pollen i not sent to the hospital, because a medical man -who W present, and Mr. Child, thepolice surgeon, pronounced hba dead. * Thisbeingthe-wholeoftheevidence, -Mr. Bennett submitted that evidenoe ihould be prod4eed to show that the necesry repirs werd done to the hois on the presentment in 18U5, and what was the state of.the huilding then. - - - The Coroner said, he dcid not contider it was necess for themto gobak so far on tatoccaion It would=ba but very remotely on the fall of the house. Mr. Bennettsaid, that if the timbers of the lousewrere rotten in 1845, no repairs cou ld have mdeLthem sound aumI sae. - The Coronersaid,- they hIad beard the evidence of the forei man onthe circumstances. He would call any one else the juy wished, but lie thought it nneoesary. - The Jury having expressed anopinion that they thoughlL it unnecessry to all fnuther evidence, T'he Coroner summed up, remarking that it -would bW their duty, amon other questions, to consider 'whethe& there had been such gross. and culpable neglect on the part. of any person as vwoald make him liable to a Icrminal charzge. The external- part of the house did not .ppsrto have gven: indications of danger, and it was for theM to sxyrhet there had been that serious and formal notioe given to the landlord to repair the house by the inmates, the neglect of which-would involve him in a charge of manslaughter. H% 'the coroner) 'wished, and he had no cotabt thev did al that a little more vigilance hbd been nsed on the pa*of those -who had to survey the neighbourhood anndaasce1r tan the state of the buildings, because, if this had beeci done, the rotten state of the house must have ben found out, the house would h; ve been pulled down, iand this unfortunate accident prevented. The Jury, after deliberating 20 minutes, returned the folowing.verdictz-" Accidental death from suffocation, by the falling of the house, No. 9, Little Swan-asley; and' the jury earnestly recommend to the Commissioners or Sevwers that they 'woud authorize a spec;ial survey forth. with to be made of all buildings in he cityof lLondch, that from age or other causes may be suDposed to be out of substantial repair." The Coroncr said he concurred in the recommendation. The inquirv occupied from 11 o'clock till half-pas 4 o'clocl. h [We under-tand that a sum of aboat 1001. has been subscribed for thu relief of the sufferers.]
NlORTHERLY CIBTCUT V. WZSTBRN CIECUZIT TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDSB. Sir,-I have read in 7te Timezs of Wednesday a letter from " A Lancashire Attorney," in which he states that he considers the remuneration to both branches of the profession by no means insufficient; that he dwa allowed by Mr. Horn for prosecuting a prisoner at the assizes above 'lthat the caso was by no means a difficult one, and that£is trouble amounted to takdng down the examination of the vitnesses, drawing a short statement of the case, and' attending one day at the assizes, no great distance from hbs residence. I was retained to prosecute a man for cat-ting anothei with a hook -with intent, &c. (a sericus case), at the asizes at Exeter, some short time since. iy trouble amounted ta thispreparing a brief, four sheets; travelling to Ex r, 30 miles fromzy residence, and staying there fOUr/ days preparing for and awaiting the trial, for whRich I was alowed by Mr. Gunrey the magnificent sumn of one guinea only What will "A Lancashre Attorney" inyto this 1 I am, Sir. your obedient servant. ADEVONSBIREATRORNEY*
CRYSTAL FALcE.-Ozr SarG DAY, raDAY, Sept. 5.-Admissions on payment, 5,104; ditto, by seasontickets, 462: total visitors, 5,566. Tim LATs " PacAcALx Jon?' AT BRs-TNvooD._ On Tuesday an inquest was held on the body of John George, balker, Brentwood, aged 33, who was saidto have been the victim of a practical j6ike. The gentlemen whose' names were associated with the matter, Ar. Edmund Hoof, Mr. Alfred Hoof, and Ar. James Cooper, attended to meet any chargo that might be made gainst them,and great inte. rest appeared to be excited by the case, as the assemblyroom, Brentwood, in which the inquest was held, was crowded. Mr. Preston appeared for the family of the deceased, Mr. Poland for 2br. Cooper, and Mr. Davis, of Buck:. ingham-street, Strand. for the Messrs. Hoof and Mr. Flock. ton. Dr. Grouse, who had examined the body of the de. ceased, stated that death was caused by congestion of the brain aud lungs caused by excessive driniDng. Witnesses were called, who proved that the parties had been drinkiDng a good deal of wine, that the deceased became very much intoxicated, and that in this stte he ws covered over with red ochre and put into a harrow. The jury remained in con. sultation an hour and three-quarters. On their return the foreman eald, " We find that deceased died from excessive drin g, and that the conduct of 3Mfr. Edmunid Hoof, Mr. Alfred Hoof, and Mr. James Cooper in this ease was alto. gether disgraceful, and deserves our strongest censure, 'which we leave inthe hands of the coroner to express. The -widow and children, we think, should be considered bv the partyalludedto." Theverdictrecorded was, "Diedlrom congestion of the lungs from excessive drinking." On Thursday Mr. James Cooper, who was stated to be a young man of Midependent property who has not long attained his majority, was examined before the bench at Brentwood, charged with the manslaughter of John George, The magistrates present were-the Rev. T. Ludbey, chairman; Mr. John Disney and Mlr. C. T. Tower; and the Revs. Dr. Robinson, Dr. English, and J. H. Lav,s. Ifs. Peston appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Poland for the defendant. The evidence given before the coroner was repeated, the only additional witness being Mr. Woolley, who stated that she saw Mlr. Flockton's boy attempt to wheel the barrow in which deceased had been placed, but he said he could not, whereupon Cooper said, " P11 wheel the-home." She said, when the barrow passed her, "Pray mind his legs." At this time Elockton's boy did not hold deceised's head. She was positive as to this. Georje was covered 'with red ochre. At the conclusion oE the evidence Mr. Poland addressed the bench for Cooper, contending that there was no proof of any ill-usage. The fact was, there had been a party of them drinkng - one (deceased) got beastly drunk, and Cooper undertook ta wheel him home. He argued that there was no ground for charging Cooper with mauslaughter. 'The magistrates r- tired for five minutes; when they returned the chairmn said, the bench was unanimously of op'nuon that this 'wa a fit subject for a trial by jury; therefore Cooper was committed for trial, at the next assizes, on the charge of maslaughter. Bail of himself in 500. and one surety in a lika sm -was tendered and accepted. The young men HooE (who were stated to be both under age) were then called up and bail was accepted for their appearance next Thursday to answer a similar charge. In's AT A=isAscn' W.An G-or.AcEs.-A correspondent of the Neir York Daily Timnc, writing from. Newport, says:-' There is no end to the extravaganee here. What do you think of one belle who is said to hava brought 100 dresses with her; and a beau Brummel whose wardrobe required a whole express wgon for its transpor. tation froma the steamboat, consisting of nine trunks, two hatboxes, three shawls, and a perfect uhalaux of canes ana umbrellas ?' Another correspondent, at Saratoga, says :- " The most important modification of female dress is the hoop of ourgreat grandmothers, noW recovered after thelagpe of nearly a century. Being a modest man, I have felt myself embarrassed in Broadway, New York, by seeing these our. teries of the bedcehamber hung outside the shops, and I have saved my blushes by turning my head; but in the Broadway of this village I have found myself nonplussed ; for, not content-with hanging these novelties of the seasoL at their shop doors, they suspend them from the posts ani awnings on the outside walk, so that there is nothing to be done but to shut one's eyes and hasten forward. If the present fashion continues, the dinimg-rooms will have to be enlarged, for it is only at Congress-hal that the hoops havc anything e fairplay, and there only one lady can nik down at a time, wile at table the men looklas if they were pinioned-there is no such thing as elbow-room. But it is a consolation that it is impossible for the fair creatues any further to ' enlarge the borders of theirphylacteries."' -AN eISoDos or RounrErrr.-A letter from Wies. baden of the estinst., in the Constitutionnce, sanys-"About 2 o'clock to-dsn, when players and lookers-on were ranged round theroulette table of the uausulat this placethere. port of a firearm was suddenlyheard, andoneof theex ons standing at thetable was seen to staggerand fall dead o the ground. It was a melancholy spectacle, and renderedr still more so by the gloom and obscurity of the place, cauer by a violent thunderstorm which was raging at the time, The deceased, who 'was a man in the prime of life, evidently belonged to the higher ranks of society. His identity has not yet been ascertained, but he is supposed to be a native of Hollznd,as he wore a decoration of that country. He had recently arrived, aud a fewmminutes befora the fatal act had stak&e and lost his last five forin note. Some of the players at the table appeared n1 ch affected at the scene and left, but others remed their plaIy in another room ; and in an hour afterwards a militaryhnd strachkip, and everytbingws life and gaiety' JAdvertisement.]-Abert Smith has achieved greater "Sketches oE the Day." Resetsbaabeendrawn huouro, yet itbftl, Pori ot the various classe that compose li:nsdla soiety;an baasonats apt nustratoasof liatext in Gllbert. Hennliig and Gaari *i dIrawns pierce nearly ee page in tais moo amtsgly uittenaw profusl .ilulutated week. "*Sketches of the flay," byhlbersBtt. will bereadit dqexqiiew pleasue by these <whom it sO *diisbb poutrtays, as well asy allwbo can be chzamed by apasilrc de_ia lion ofmanneas, babi4s ostumes. sod perona l'siee &s. AS tbe samne pueinoatatlld by the sene arts, Weurfdil Pecpie" a Hence WfavIer; and M^en of the Hoer," by lE B. 1esh 'Ward and Leek, and all boobsellexn u EAtdvertiaementj" The Oxonian Sn Norway," by thei er . 1t ,2ve, 1ls.iypublieue rthebe* book ofeneral travels tact we have met wtionitis ecion of Sean. dinada. Partof tbeexeehlsne rtmfremteisaior tiee devoe to the sadt oms of lbsanhe. A p ring assler, be talurst ir, l5c, a n river; a Yuo bbndomnbiaoeto-s ads.These saw. 2aUitSoo,tre,f himInto Oenealon the aes d ia irite' whm a knowlsbde otbe IsWe m j hvearl bimwslf atbomne f Of frd aer gaeIsr a din fr the besob ofee es of ma3Ie3ib, an easy. l r rt wi ll - etoman in Hor a a ge -pd g Hoat and Backett i fAdvertisementj-Te " Dispb" ef Sundaysar4S@e *-Our Dipl-oirnay- a Tak-Pall -oc Heirssan Loec Zd*Ie lord Cpadia atlaed,Ae Off;", 13, F b*e :ee
