DEATHS. On the 24th uIt., at the Victoria Hotel, Malaga, Spain, Abraham Wesrley, F.q., of HaMDton Court, aged 50. On the 3d insth . at F.ulbourn Rectory, near Cambridge, Mary A nnine, the wife of the Rev. F. -. Hall, D.D. On the 3d inst., at Charlton, Middlesex, in the 67th year of his age, Edward Hetherligton, Esq., late Captain i ILHM.'s 76th Regt., much lamteated and beloved. On the 5tht inst., at the Western Dispensary, Tothidl-street, Westminster, Sir. William Henry Firtls, agedI 415, upwards of 22 years apothecary to the above institution, much regretted. On the 5th inst., at No. 5, Eblsnia-terraco, Hienrietta Lonusa, youngest daughter of the late George Brooks, M.D., of Spanish Town, Jamaica, aged 14 years On the 6th. inst., at Devereux-chambers, after a sh3rt illness, Francis !LThompson, Fzq.. of Lincolns-inn. On the 6th inst., in the 39th year of his;vac, deeply tamented. the Sla ?'ehaui ike-at, M,, Vicar of Wy3,neswoldl, L-eicestershire, .and I~ .slow of Trinity CoUege, Cambridge. OnaFj!lay, the 6th inst. at St Mrark, Lakenhars, Norwich, Alice, the Meove 14 rife of the Rev. Henry R-. Nevill. On Yriday, the 6th inst., at No. 3, HYde-park-gate soutb, Kensington;ore, Lillian Jane, third daughter oc Stathaniel Stainton, Fsq., aged =i months. On the 6th inst.. at his residence, Moor Court, Herefordshire, James Davies, Esq., in his 79th year. On the 7th inst., at Hanover, General Sir Julius Hartmann, KC.B., in his 5dsyear. On the 7th inst., at his residence, New Fletton, Peterborough, after a long and painful iliuess, John Charles George Davies, Faq., aged 4t On the 7th inst., at 45, Onslow-square, after three days'illness, Euphrasia, widow of Thomas Ifaworth, Fsq., of Barham-wood, Herts, aged 76G. On the 7th inst., at Bedford House,Tavistock-square, aged 9 months, John David, son of Nathaniel Powell, Faq. On the th int.. at .Montpelier-te-race, Brighton. Mr. Robert Fisher, formerly of Kentish-town, in the 6.d year of his age. Ou the 7th inst.. Mlartha, secoud daughter of John MIorgan, Faq., of Cinug'sley Villa, Wickham-roael Lewisham-road, Deptford, retat. 32. On the 7th inst., at High Beech, Essex, Mary, widow of the late Mr. Sericant Arabla, andI sister of the late Sir Henry Monux, Bart., in the 79th year of her age. On the 7th inst., aged 41. Maria Catherine. wife of F. A. Burdett Bomney, surgeon, E.nightsbridge, and eldest daughter oE the late William Ralfs, Faq., Old Breotford On the th inst., at KIlburn, after a lingering illness, Sarah, the affectionate wife of A. Adamuson, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, in her 26th rear. On the Sth inst.,at Great Portersn, Baring, Essex, J. C. S. Mead Faq., of No. 45, Bedford-row, aged 36. On the Sth inst., in the 56th year of her age, Jane, wvife of Walter Eutterfield. Fq, of Stanhope-terrace, Hyde-park. On Sunrday. the 8th inst., aged seven months. William Henry, the infant son of W. S. Lawton, of Coropton-street, Ball's-pond. On the 5th inst., at 3, Bruce Villas. Richmond-road, Mdary Ann, wife tf Mr. Wi;nmot Wilkinson, and daughter of the late Mlr. Robert Daplyn, of Hackney, dearly beloved and deeply lamented. On the 5th inst., at Fritham, lary, wife of Alexander Dancer, aged 61. On the Dth inst., at the house of his grandfather. A. de Arroyave, Faq.. Palace-gardens, George Herbert, the only child of Christopher Freer, Faq., of the Ordnance, aged 13 months. On the 0th ist,, Mary Eleanor. vife of Charles Henry Gardner, and elder daughter of the late Richard Hughes, of Shoe-lane. At 51. Ca.mbridge-terrace, Hyde-park, Elizabeth Davidson, of WVdlmley House, Glocestershire, widow of George .Madgsick Davidson, late c-f the same place, F-q,. aged 66. At her residence, in the City-road, agedI 7, Elizabeth. relict of the Late Capt. Anthoniy Merry, Royal Sussex M1ilitia.
HEBR AXJESTIS THRATBE. Madame AlberEni essayed hst light the character of Icrezia Borgia, with a success that might be expected fromher high qualifications. Her figure and the energetic style of her acting are admirably adapted to tragical impersonations; she sang throughout with force and passion, and her bravura at the end of the opera was a daring feat of vocalization, executed vtith the greatest precision, though with aUl the fire of a sudden inspiration. M. Baucard6 vas the Gennaro of the evening, and, though his appearance was not precisely that which we should associate with the youthful son of the famous Luerezia, he executed his mnsic with excellent taste, judiciously economizing his vocal resources. The air which he introduced into the third act, in lieu of the one that belongs to the opera, was given -with - such unaffected feeling that it called forth one of the heartiest bursts oE applause that were heard throughout the evening. The paxt of Ossini was unadertaken by Mademoiselle Rizzi, a young Wzbutante who acquitted herself -with great credit, andaher "Brindisi" was sung with a degree of spirit that. earned a well-merited cncorc. The same honour was awarded to the celebrated trio, sung by Madame Albertini,_ M Baucarde, and x. Belletti (the Duke).
PHILHAPRMONSIC COXrCERTS. The fifth concert, which took place last night, was the. best of the present series, so far as the attractions of theo programme were concerned, and the best in respect to theexecution generally. The selection was as follows PART L Sinfonia in A major .. .. .. .. Mendeissohn. Aria, " Non so donde viene" M sisaDolby .. Mozart. Concerto inC minor, pianoforte, Miss Ara- beDIaGoddard ..... . Bennett. Aria, * Vedr?,, mentr'io sospiro." lr. Weiss (Figaro) . Mozart. Concerto, violrn,inB major, Signor Sivori PagAninL I PART IL Sinaonia inB slat (No. 4) .. .. . . Beethorcn. The " Spirit Song," MlssDolby . a . y. dn. Overture (Obero) '. Weber. Conductor-Profesor Sterudale Bennett. The fourth symphony of Beethoven, which, though itcame second, must be spoken of first, is the liveliest inspiration of his genius. The great master was in a merry mood when he composed the alkyro, scheno, andfina7c. He must have laboured, indeed, under the influence of an unusual fow of animal spirits, for never did nausic, or at least orchestral music, assame a character of greater and more sustained vivacity. And yet the introductory adagi4 -as vague and mysterious as anything that ever came from. its composer's pen-encourages the anticipation of a very different kind of work. One of the means of effect most frequently resorted to by Beethoven is that of surprise. With great pains he leads his hearers into a particular train of thought; and when, so to speak, he has enchained them, suddenly brealks the spell, and carries them off by force into a totaDy opposite a phere. Another secret of the great symphonist, and which he could use more wonderfully than anyone else, was that of contrast. But for the slow move-- ment the symphony in B flat would bewilder with its inces- sant and exuberant hilarity. And what a change does this - exquisite adagio bringabout !-what repose does it suggest I -not a dull and apathetic repose, but a repose that may aco companythecontemplationoflovelinessinnature. Mr. Thackeraysays somewhere indefenceofabeautiful woman who taks very little-" About great beauty there should always reign a silence." And of this exquisite sentiment we are fre-- quently reminded in the pensive and noiselessly eloquent adagio of Beethoven. Itpresentsamarvellous relief to the excitement created by the other movements of the symphony, which afford no resting-place, and, were it not for this one movement, refreshing and spreading enchantment about it, would incur the risk of becoming monotonous. The performance of the B flat symphony by the Philharmemo band was, on the whole, excellent. By taking the schcni'o and finalc a little slower than has lately been the custom, 1lrofessor Bennett gained clearness, and thusmore nearly realized the effect intended by the author. Mendelssohn's "Italian" symphony, owieg to the Dopularity it has acquired through its frequent appearance in the programmes of IL Jullien, is sufciently familiar to our musical readers. This work-as original and fanciful in its way as that of Beethoven-was in most respects quite as well performed. The avdanlk con mnoto was encored and repeated; and the same complment was paid to the jime?e, but judiciously declined by the conductor, Both the frst and last movements, however, might have bern taken just a shade faster with advantage. No music can so well bear letting "go" as that of Xendelssohn, and the saltardlo in the A major symphony is an example, derived from his. peculiar manner of writing, of how emlipiasis, point, and distinctness may be preserved, unimpaired, even in the most nncurbed .pregtfssimo. Of the overture to Oberon it is enough to say that it w.-as executed with that prodigioun spirit which thePhi3harmonic orchestra invariably e:i7ibitsin the splendid operatic preludes of Weher. The pianoforte concerto in C minor is the first compositionofProfessorBennett'sthat has been played for some years at the Philharmonic Concerts. Robert Schumannthe greatest of modern wst7liical critics on music-has described the first performance of this concerto (by the author) at the Gewandhaus concerts in I,eipsic at great length, ink his Gesammclte ,Sclrrift en dhcbr'2ifusit u72d MUrtikcr. Thebeginning of his article is remarkable.-" 'kA English composer is no composer,' said some one previousto the concert at whichBennett executed his concerto in C minor. When the concerto was ended I turned-as if interrogatively --to this-foe of England, and said-' An English composer? -' Ja, wahrhaftig engliscli' ('Aye truly English') was his reply." The pun and the compliment it involves (the word " cnglisch" standing for no less high-flown an epithet in our own language than "angelic ") may convey some notion of the victory obtined by the young Englisl mnsician over the national prejudice aganst foreigners which prevails more obstinately at Lipsic ihan in any otherpart of Germany. Our own opinion of P'rofessor Bennett's concerto has been recorded more than once, although it is along time since we have had the opportunity of confirminz it by anew hearing. The experience of last night was qmnte enough to show that it can stand the test of time, and strengthened the belief that it is one of thoee very few modern productions that may bear immediate com- arisen with the pianoforte works of the great and estatohshed masters. Miss Goddard performedthe concerto in a style to win the nnqualified admiration of the assembly of connoisseurs 'Which constitutes the audience at the Philharmonic Concerts. Its difficulties, great as they are,-and in this particular the third concerto far exceeds any other from the same pen,-were easily conquered by one who may be said to possess as perfect a mechanismi as any contemporary pianoforte player. But this was not the genuine source of' the sensation produced. The charm belongmg to pure and natural expression, richtone, an energ and brillant execution in the barura passages, and a manner of phrasin gi cantabile which, for grace and finisb, combined with fervour always in place and never exaggerated, wonld do credit to an accomplished vocalist-these wore the secrets of the impression created by Miss Goddard's performance. It was her first appearance at the Philharmonmc Concerts, anda more comnplete and honourable success was never earned. At the end of tihe concerto Miss Goddard was recalled into the orchestra, and applauded by the vwhole room. Another triumph, and of another kind, was achieved by Signor Sivori, who played more splendidly last night than we have heard him play for years. 'he concerto of Pagani'i, familiarly Inown asthe d"clochcdc-concerto," is at the best a rhapsody. But it is the rhapsody of a man of genius, and trivial as its structure. when regarded from a strictly mnusical point of view, it abounds in elaborate difliculties, with which none hut a violiniEt of the first force can ever think of coping. Signor Sivori seemed to mnultiply these difficulties of his own accord,andhis performances may be fairly described as a marvellous and uninterrupted series of touzrs de force. His tone is as pure and silvery, his intonation as certain, as they ever were; while, if possible, he has acquired a sthll greater mastery of his iistrsnment in X mechanical sense, and has added to those peculiarly Italian graces of exresson wlich always so agreeably characterized his style. §is cadcenza in the first movement was a wonder. ful tour dc forcc; and, indeed, his whole performance mnerits the highest praise. At the conclusion the applause that greeted Signor Sivori was enthusiastic. The interest attached to the instrument,a music at this capital (and very long) concert was so overpowering that the vocal mnsic, good as it was, and admirably as it was snmg bMss Dolby and Mr.Weiss, passed off somewhat tamely. We cannot forbear from stating, nevertheless, that the aria selected by the lady is one of the finest ever written by Mozart, or any one else. HRer Majesty the Queen has announced her intention to be present at the sixth and last concert, 'when Dr. Schumann's P0 adisc and thc 1'eri will be performed, and adame Jenny Goldschmidt Lind will sing.
J7irE -APPELLAZII JLUTISDICTIONT The following protests against the third reading of thte A\ppellate Julrisdiction Bill have been entered npen the journals of the House of Lords by the darquis of Olanricarde and Lords Clancarty and IJugasnon * Dissentient,- "'L Because PecuniarY payment to members of this House nominated by the Crown for deliberating and voting in Parliament is, in my opinion, an innovation calculated toinrair the independence, dignity, and character of the How4 of Lords. "The services for vhich the Speaker of the House may be paid are not voting upon or discussing questions submitted to Parliament; as Speaker ODly, he can do neither, and is mot necessarily a peer. The Chairman of Commnittees is not -nominated by the Crown, but elected by the House, and the duties imposed upon him are of a special nature, such as could not be performed by members of the House indiscriminately. But it is now proposed to pay certain pee.-s named by the Crown for executting those duties wvhich, sO long as the appellate jurisdiction is retained, devolve nper; all Lords of Ptarliamnent. The bill thus proclaims that the *hereditary peers are incompetent or unwilling to perform functions wvhich they nevertheless desire to retain, and for the execution of which they seek to provide at the cost-of the public revenue. " 2. Because whether by this bill a prerogative long disused be revived, or a new power be accorded to the Comwn (a question upon which high authorities in debate were dlivided), to enact the admission to Parliament of peers for life, and to confine that admissioni to the sole case of reinedying the inefficiency or consulting the ease of hereditary peers, appearS to mne unjust, inpolitic, and impossible. if a certain number of judges are by reason of their professional eminence to sit in this House with life peerages, upon what ground can wve exclude admirals and cenerals, and it may be others, who may have proved their capacity, and risen to high distinction in the public service, aiid whose presence and counsel might add wisdomn and authoritv to our proceedings? If life peerages are to be created by acttof Parliamlent they cannot be restricted to judges of appeals. "'3. Because the biU wholy fails to establish such a supreme court of appeal as the opinion and the requirenients of the country demand. It does not even secure the permanent existence of the court it is designed to create; for it is obvious that, under the provisions of the bill. four peers for life may enjoy pensions, and sit and vote in? ParRiment, after they have ceased to act as judges of appeals. The occurrence of such a contingency is not very imnprobable, as the now Deputy-Speakers, who must be judges of experience, may be persons also of advanced age. "A suitor must still be in uncertainty regardingthe composition of the appellate tribunal. An appeal may still ba tried by several learned judges, or virtuilly by one alone, according to the varying capabilities, convenience, or caprice of the Lords- 4. Because a bill thus faulty in principle and shortsighted in its enactments cannot, in my opinion, secure a s;tisfactory administration of the law, or uphold the dignity and authority of this House. "SOMERtILL." 'Dissentient,- "1. Because it recognizes the creation of Nerages for life only, wshich by a recent resolution of the ouse have been declared to be illegal and unconstituitionaL " 2. Because the conferring of life peerages would be subversive of the prescriptive title by which peers of the realm now sit as hereditarycouncillors of the Crown; and, though the number of life peerages is limited by the bin to four, the measure is uncaled for by any necessity, and would establish a dangerous precedent for further innovations upon the constitution of the House. " 3. Because the object of the bill being to obtain 'for the hearing of appeals an increased number of peers who have flUled high judicial offices,' it appears an anomaly that for the admission to the House of persons wvhose learning and abilities have been thus tested, and whose qualifications for the peerage are therefore of the highest order, dignities should be proposed inferior in point of estate to those held by other peers. "' 4. Because the strict maintenance of the principle of hereditary succession in the peerage is essential to the independence, and therefore to the due influence, of the House of Lords in the great Council of the nation. " 5. Because the abandonment of the hereditary principle in the peerage may imperil its continuance in the Crown. "CLANCARTY. "DUNGANKNOKN."
THE APPELLATE JURISDICTION Op THE HOUSE OF LORDS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the question of the appellatejurisdiction of the House of Lords has just arrived at the Hlouse of Commons, the guardians of the public purse, permit me to make a suggestion which at least has the merit of economy, for it will cost nothing. The E[ouse of Lords send for the judges on questions of law, but they do not follow their decisions. The complaints, I vent'ure to think, arise from this cause mainly. In the last ten years O'Connells case, that of the Irish marriages, and last of all the Egerton case, have been observed upon with not very favourable criticism. Mlay not this be beeause in these cases the large majority of the judges were overruLled by a smaU minority of law lords ? And in the Irish marriages the unanimous opinion of the English, confirming the almost umanimous opinion of the Irish judges, was only just saved from a reversal by an equal division of the law lords and the form of putting the question to the Hiouse. I am old enough to remember Lord Eldon's time. That noble Lord, no insignificant lawyer, treated the opinion of the judges always as a certificate, where there was a decided majority of them of the same opinion, and abided by it; and there was then no complaint. MIyplan, therefore, is that the House of Lords should resolve that when they summon the judges the majority of the judges and law lords together w-ho have heard the argulments shall give the rule and pronounce the decision, as in the Privy Council, by one judgment, to be pronounced by the Lord Chancellor. It is not seemly in a court of ultirnmatc appeal to have manifested a difference of opinions. In a judgfment which is not final and declaratory of tfte laic i&future it is otherwise. There would be an advantage, also, in equity appeals to summon all the equity judges, and decide as I have proposed in appeals of the common law. Yours, a. B.
TIIE LiATE TREAr9 OF PEACE.-A considerable sensation was produced in the month of April last in the political world by the publication in two of the Brussels journals of the text of the treaty of peace signed bythe Congress of Pads. Four peTsons on Saturday appeared before the Court of Assizes of the Seine to answer the charge of having improperl- contributed to such publication. These persons were-Julien Brossard, aged 35, pressman at the Imperial Printing-office; Charles Lejolivet, 52, director of the office of Political Correspondence in the Rue No're Dame des Victoires; and Charles Emard, 27, and Louis 3ioner, 39, both employed in Lejolivet's office. The ind.ictment charged Brossard with having, at the instigation of the prisoner Aloner, surreptitiously taken away from the Imperial Printing-office a copy of the treaty in question, and given it to Lejolivet. It npEeared that, Brossard happening to live wvith his w%ie m the house where lejohvet kept his office, 'Moner made his acqiuaintance accidentally, and after some time they became intimate. They naturally spoke of their respective emplo,yments, and the position which Brossard held at the Imperial Printing-office led Moner to conceive the idea that he (Brossard) might occasionally be of use to the enterpnrse of his employer, Lejolivet. He accordingly proposed the matter to Brossard, who after some time procured for him a copy of the ceremonial for the churching of the Empress, which had been printed at the imperial establishment. 3loner handed the domcument to Lejolivet, who in his turn transmitted it to M. Capelman, editor of the Beloian journal the XVYo-d. On this occasion Mtoner thanked Brossard on the part of Lejolivet, and this latter even had a short conversation with him in the presence of Emard. Afterwards, on the 22d of April, Brossard, without. permisson, secretly took away from the Imperial Printing-office one proof-sheet and part of another, containing the whole text of the treaty of March 30, minus five 2rticles. Emard received the sheets at Lejolivet's office, and the most profound secrecy was promised. Lojolivet had copies made of the sheets, and sent one to the bndcpensiance of Brussels, and .another to the N7or,-. Brossard received 100f. for this abstraction. Brossard all along dEnied that he ever received a farthing, but Lejolivet and Emard positively afirmed the contrary. Such were the principal facts of the case. Brossard, when interrogated by the Conrt, declared that he had been nine years at the Imperial Printing-office, and that it was by mere chance that he had bropuht the copy of the ceremonial of the Empress's churching, having found it tossing about the office all dirty and effaced. Finding that at Lejolivet's the document was eagerly received, he did the same witli the treaty of peace, his only object being to oblige persons who always spoke to him kindly. L_jolivet, when interrogated, declared that, being anxiousto fill his sheet ofcorrespondence -ith as interestig matter as possible, heal;vaysreceivedmost eagerlyanypiece of news oranvdocument which he conceived was liely to pleaseIsis readers. He admitted that, in order to conceal the source whence the docmn ent of the treaty of peace proceeded, he had got a tele; -itch sent tohim from Brussels, as if frons the editorof the Aorde, containing these 'words, "I publish to-day the document of whicl I sent you a copy four days hack?, Re know that ho was not acting altogether properly in publishing the treaty, but in reality lie did not seewhat great harwwas dune by theact. As to S1oner and Emard, they oodfessed, tyhe first to havin suggested to Brossard to commiunicafte tohzim any piece o news or document that miflht latter tohaving received or ti(olrveta acmnd them Dgrossard. Aftoir counsel had spoken in -t -ocurnn ofrom p zen.ers, the jury deliberated, and rettineda,verdict of Guilty 2,west Lejolivet aind Brossard, sqitigteehrto -le Court setenced Lejolivet to two 'ears,' smrsnnn aLnd B3r*esard to, 15 months o h aeuihnn THE TizA TRAD;,fJthe _1inejdu ivsh ies i .oion estimated for the week were 673,OPSl bein- s 5ncew of 1S4,198]b., compared with the nrct tte mneat. On the let ist. the stock was ,f6,4O5QWlb., a-ns C61,06,0Olb at thlesame date last ye-ar. Thei - -r gfaonia $he 1st of Jasnuaryt,othe 31stuItil,amountedt 0 importsfro, wam the e peuli tQ 14509h oSSSoob
LOCAL CH-ARGES UPON SHIPPING. Thte committee met yesterday in Room N2'o. 18, Mr. Lowe in the cEair. Mr. Part, solicitor of Wigan, was recalled by the CIAIR.rMA for the purpose of giving some additional evidence, but Mr. lHorsfall objecting the room was cleared, and on our I re-admiFsion Mr. Part said, since the last meeting of the committee ho had ascertained there were three tables of tolls known to be in existence at Liverpool-one of 1613; another on the brass. plate, dated 1674; and a third of 1790. The case on belhalf of the Liverpool Corporation was then opened by NMr. Horsfall callin- Wr. W. Shuttleworth, solicitor and town clerk of LiverTool, who said, he had been connected with the borouvh of Liverpool since 1S32, and had filled the office of town-clerk since 1844. He had heard the evidence given before the committee, and, althotugh many of the witnesses denied any intention of impugning the title of the Corporation of Liverpool to the dues in question, yet pamphlets had been written and circulated-particularly by Mr. Heron, townclerk of Manchester-among members of Parliament and others, directly questioning the right of the Corporation of Liverpool to the dues. NVitness therefore considered it necessary to give the committee the history of these dues, and to bring down the authority of the corporation from the earliest times to the present. 'lThey received dues for anchorage, and also dues called town dues, and these had been paid from the earliest period from which the history of the port could be traced. Witness had caused search to be made at the office of the Duchy of Lancaster and other places for the various documents, and would proceed to lay them before the committee. The first extract he would read was from the Dooms2day Book, and it showed that the land which now formed the site of Liverpool was then terra Regis. Another document would prove that in the reign of Henry IL. Liverpool was sti in the hands of the King, and this also appeared from a charter of the 9th of King John, dated 28th of August, 1207. By a charter of the 3d Henry IIL., dated 24th of March, 1229, Liverpool -was created a free borough for ever, a certain number of burgesses being formed into a guild to receive customs. Mr. Shuttleworth went on to read extracts from various grants, and quoted an extract from the minister's account, 22d of Edward Il., 1348, to show that the toUs of the town were distinct from the customs and anchorage. By a lease of the 24th of March, 1354, the town of Liverpool, &c., was leased by Henry Duke of Lancaster to several parties, but witness had not been able to trace the right of the duke to the toUs or dues except by his exercising acts of ownership. After reciting various leases from 1393 to 1505, witness read a commission in 1514, from Henry VUI., to Sir M. Molyneux. and others, to inquire into the question of certain tolls and dues receivable at Liverpool,! andi he produced copy of proceedings in the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, between Sir R. Molyneux and the Corporation of Liverpool, the result of which was to show that the dues were then in possession of the MIolyneux family. In 1672 Lorddolyneux granted a lease to the Corporation of Liverpool for 1,000 years at a rent of 301. In 1677 the corporation bought the reversiona for 2,2501., and the Molyneux family conveyed the property to the corporation. With respect to the extent of the port, Mr. Shuttleworth read several presentments of jurors of Liverpool, from one of which (in 1292) it appeared that a wreck at a place called Crosseby Schort, at the mouth of the river Mersey, was considered within the limit of the borough. In 1830 several merchants disputed the title of the corporation to the town dues, as an illegal exaction. Some of the merchants denied the right of the corporation altogether, but others admitted the right, but considered the amount of the dues should be reduced. The corporation were, however, advised they could do nothing towards the reduction of the dues while their title was in dispute. Iu 1825 the corporation had made a composition and agreed to receive a smaller sum from aU parties. An action was tried in 133, which was decided in favour of the corporation, and since that time the question had not been raised. At the tennination of the trial above referred to some questions were put by the jury to Lord Denman, to the effect, supposing they were satisfied as to the right of the town to collect the dues, as to whether there should not have been a coextending public accommodation; to which Lord Denman replied, that the port, being there to receive the ships, it was out of the question. Another point raised at the trial was, whether the corporation had any right to levy dues upon new articles, and upon this Lord Denman expressed a very strong opinion in favour of the corporation. Mr. Shuttleworth then read to the committee the particulars of several trials respecting the rights of the freemen of Liverpool ;I And at the conclusion of this branch of his evidence, the Committee adjourned until Thursday next at 12 o'clock.
BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS. The 17th annualreportof theRegistrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England supplies the following statistical information in a series of tabular statements - The population of England in 1851 being estimated at 17,927,609, it is found that the total number of marriages registered in that part of the united kingdom during the year 1854 amounted to 159,727, including °25,928 in the London district, Of these 15 were solemnized byspecial license, 21,048 by common license, 105,050 by bans, 3,811 by superintendent registrars' certificates, and 4,185 " not stated," making the totalnumber celebrated according to the rites of the Church of England, 134,109. There were 7,1S3 Roman Catholic marriages, 9,873 marriages between Dissenters, 7,593 marriages bythe Superintendent Registrar (not according to the rites of tbe Church), 52 marriages of. Quakers, and 287 of Jews. The number of marriages registered in the first quarterof the year was 33,234; in the second, 40,518 ; in the t hird, 33,182; and in the fou-rth, 47,793. 131,141 marriages were contracted between bachelors and spinsters, 6,826 between bachelors and widows, 14,189 between widowers and spinsters, and 7,571 between widowers and widows. There were 21,760 widowers and 14,397 widows remarried, besides 9,220 males and 28,697 females 1 under age. N o less than 47,843 men and 68,175 women 1 signed the register with marks. Of 91,382 couples married i in 1854, 1 man and28 women were 15 years of age, 7 men and 1S7 women 16 years, 35 men and 847 women 17 years, 370 nien and 3,312 women 18 years, 1,800 men and 6,733 women 19 years, 42,682 men and 45,077 women 20 years of age ; 23,767 men and 18,820 womenl25 years of age ; 9,050 men and7,468 women 30yeas * 4,S50 men and 3,755 women 35 years ; 3,081 men an 2,46g women, 40 years; 1,816 men and 1,339 women 45 years; 1,433 men and 753 women, 50 years; 766 men and343women 55 years; 492 men and 188 women 60 years; 192 men and 42 women 65 years; 101 men and 18 women 70 years of age; 30 men and 4 women 75 years; and 9men 80 years of age and upwards. One bachelor and 28 spinsters married at 15, but the widows and widowers do not remarry till the age of 19 (early enough), at which period 1 widower and 9 widows were married. Only 7 bachelors and 2 spinsters married between 70 and 75 years of age, and none at the age of 80. The greatest number of marriages between bachelors and spinsters occurred at the age of 20 to 25. Of 91,328 husbands and wives there were 28 wives aged 15, and I husband; 187 aged 16, and 7 husbands; 847 at 17, and 35 husbands ; 3,312 at 18, and 370 husbands; 6,733 at 19, and 1,800 husbands; 45,077 at 20, and 42,682 husbands - 18,820 at 25. and 23,767 husbands; 7,468 at 30, and 9,956 husbands; 3,755 at 35, and 4,850 husbands; 2,468 at 40, and 3,081 husbands; 1,339 at 4.5, and 1,816 husbands ; 753 at 50, and 1,433 husbands; 343 at 45, and 766 husbands; 188 at 60, and 492 husbands ; 42 at 65, and 192 husbands - 18 at 70, and 101 husbands; 4 at 75, and 30 husbands; and 9 husbands at SO. Of 75,704 spinsters 27 were aged 15; 184 16; 8.32 17 3,252 18; 6.585 19; 42,846 20; 15,672 25; 4,334 30; 1,315 35; 473 40; 139 45; 40 50; 4 55; and 1 60 years of age. Of 4,291 widows 74 were only 20; 321 25; 632 30; 74G 35; 884 40; 679 45; 482 50; 261 55; 158 60; 38 65; 12 70; and4 75. The total number of births in 1854 was 634,405, including 324,069 males and 310,336females. There were 40,735 illegitimate births,-20,976 of males, and 19,759 of femrales. The number of deaths amounted to 437, 916-viz., 222,422 males, and 215,494 females. The ages of the deceased are Lot given.
AJYTIMIONY AND STRYCHNVINE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhMES. Sir,-A day or two before the conclusion of Palmer's trial It occurred to me that the presence of antimony might possibly interfere with the detection of strychnine by the ordinary tests. The first experiment I made confirmed my suspicions. I found that the existence of a fractional part of emetic tartar (tartrate of antimony), with a large amount of strychnine, is sufficient to destroy the characteristic indications exhibited by that substance when treated with bichromate of potass and sulphuric acid. I repeated the experiment several times with invariably the like results. As the discovery of such a fact, although isolated, I considered of the utmost importance to all concerned in the trial, inasmuch as it suggested that other tests might fail also to indicate strychnine under similar circumstances, I felt it my duty instantly to put Dr. Taylor in possession of the particulars of the experiment, which I did on the 26tls ult. ; at the same time I begged him to acknowledge the I eceipt of my letter. As no notice has been taken of my communication, and I t ave further reason for tblieving that antimony not only interferes with the detection of strychnine, but modifies its action on living bodies, I have been advised to make the circumstance known through the medium of your columns, in order that its publication may lead to further inquiries on this subject. Should the inference I have thrown out ultimately prove to be true, namely, that the usual mode of finding strychnine is useless when antimony is present, the minds of the jury mill be relieved from the conflicting evidence of the chymical Professors, since it will account for the inability of Professor Taylor and Dr. Rees to discover its presence in Cce*k's body. I remain, Sir. vour obedient sarvant= CHARLES POOLEY. klrencester, June 7.
PA.LIAML1TTAYR INTBLLIGENCE. .TOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, JUEN 9. The LooD CHiA.NCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. Lord RAVENTSWORTH gave notice that he should tomorrow (this day) sk if it was the intention of Her Majesty's Governnmeutto introduce any new proposition for the accommodation of the public in this metropolis by improved facilities of communication, after the failure of the attempt to induce the House of Commons to sanction the estimates submitted to a committee of the whole House for carrying out such a design. The Duke of ARGYLL presented a petition from the members of the Society of Friends for the city of Cork in favour of the abolition of the punishment of death. THE FOREIGN LEGIONS. The Earl of DONOUGHMORE begged to ask a question of the noble lord the Secretary for War. The militia were now in a rapid course of disembodimnent but he believed that no steps had been taklen to disband the foreign troops which had been enlisted into Her Majesty's service. It would be satisfactory to know what were the intentions of the Governument as to those foreign troops, and what was the cost of those troops at present to the country? Lord PANMURE said, the terms on which the foreign legions were enlisted were, that they should serve Her Majesty in every capacity the same as the other troops fnbsted for the service in the line, and that they would be liable to be sent abroad to the seat of war on active service, under Her Majesty's standard, in the same way as any other troops. Neither the officers nor men of those legions, upon beingdisemoodied,weretoreceiveany single advantagebeyond those of the British troops, neither would they receive any half pay, as had boon the case on the termnination of the late war. W!rhen disemhodiedthese foreign legions were to besent to their homes or to be located in some British colony, at the expense of the Government. In the eventoftheirbeing wounded the officers and men were to come under the same regulations as the officers and men of Her Majesty's army, andreceive pensions. The foreign legions that had been sent to the Crimea had distingisished themselves as much and had maintained as good order as -any troops in Her Majesty's service; and had conducted themselves as valiantly as any troops that had been brought into the field. The troops of the foreignlegionconsistedcof 8,552 Germans, 3,013 Swiss, and 3,535 ltalians-mnaking together 15,100 men. The Swiss and Italian legions he hoped would in the course of a very few weeks be disembodied. With respect to the German legion, it appeared that a lrge portion of them were desirous of being transferred to the Cape of Good Hope. HIer Majesty's Government thought thatsuch a course was highly desirable, as those Germans were of the same character as the original colonists. Arrangements would, he hoped, shortly be made to carry out the object of their wfishes by making the proposed transfer. THE BISHOPRIC OF GLOCESTER A1ND BRISTOL, The Earl of ELLENBOROUGXH begged to call the attention of the nobla earl the President of thle Council to the vacancy which had recently taken place in the united dioceses of Glocester and BristoL He personally deplored the late lamented event that had occurred. DuriDg the last 25 years he had had the good fortune to be intimately acquainted with the late Dr. Monk, and he considered his death to be a great loss to the church. He was a man distinguished for learng, for great kindness of disposition, and for manificent liberality. (Hear, hear.) He had at heartan oject which he (the Earl of Ellenborough) rejoiced to say he in a great degree succeeded in accomplishing-namely, the extension of religious instruction in his diocess. When Dr. Monk was appointed Bishop of Glocester he held that bishopric alone, and he then resided in the middle of the county and in the county town, At that time the right rev, prelate was in the habit of holding constant communication, not only with the clergy, but wvith the laity of his diocess, and he was thereby in every w,ay enabled to keep a constant and vigilant watch over the spiritual wants of his diocess. He believed that the right rev. prelate had never at any time any desire to have the bishopric of Bristol annexed to that of Glocester, A large palace had been built at Glocester, which was, he believed, very expensive to keep up, and that circumstance, combined with others, induced the bishop to reside permanentlyat Stapleton, and abandon altogether his original residence. The consequence was that in point of fact, during the last 10 or 15 years there had virtually been a nonresident bishop-. He could not say that tise ecclesiastical duties of the docess had been neglected; he believed that they had not been; at the same time it was impossible not to feel the absence of that total want of persona communication with the gentlemen of the county which a bishop was enabed to keep up when resident in a county town, and which, increased to a great extent his usefulness. A petition to Her Majesty was at the present moment in circulation throughout the county, and, from what he (Lord Etenborough) had heard several months ago as to the eelings of the members for the county and of the county gantlemen, heo believed that petition would express almost universally the sense of the county in favour of the separation of the two dioceses. In conclusion he would express not only the hope, but the confident expectation, that the Government would adopt no measure whatever for the purpose of filling up the existing vacancy in the diocess of Glocester and Bristol until they had had the opportunity of ascertaining the feelings of the inhabitants of Llocester on the subject he had alluded to. Lord REDESDALE thought it impossible for any clergyman to carry on tle duties of the extended see of Glocester and Bristol in the manner in which they ought to be performed. The union of Glocester and Bristol was effected at a time when it was determined that the number of bishops shouild not be increased, and it was with that objectthat four sees were united-viz., Bangor and St. Asaph, and Glocester and Bristol-in order that the two new sees of Manchester and Ripon might be created. In th case of Bangor and St. Asaph the opposition to the union of those sees had proved successful, but the two dioceses in question were not so largeas Glocester and Bristol, and he thought, therefore, that the inhabitants of the latter dioceses had a decided claim upon Parliament for the separation of the two sees. Earl GRAN2VILLE said, the question was one of a very difficult character,and one whichcould not be decidedwithout grave consideration. In several other sees great complaints iad been made of the extended area comprised within them, and of the heavy duties therefore devolving upon the occupants of those sees. The separation of Glocester and Bristol v as not therefore a question to be decided upon by itself; the other cases to which he had referred must be taken into consideration at the same time. Al he could say was that after what had passed there that evening he had no doubt the successor to the late bishop, whoever he might be,would be appointed subject to any future arrangements which might be come to witli regard to the separation of the diocess. OUR RELATIONS WITH AMERICA. The Earl of CARNARVON.-I wish to put a question to the Government on a subject which at the present moment is a source of great anxiety to the people of this country. It is reported that a packet has within the last few hours arrived from the United States, bringing intelligence of importance with regard to our relations with that country. I shaU be glad if the noble earl wil inform us whether any such packet has arrived, and give us full information as to the intelligence brought by that packet. Earl GRANVILLE.-I understand that the Asia has arrived, and has brought some news of a private character, which however is not quite intelligible. There is a report, on the one hand, that letters were received to the 27th of May, before the packet left, announcing the departure of Mr. Crampton; and, on the other hand, we hear of a telegraphic message sent on the 2Sth, saying that there is no further news; but it is not quite clear to what the telegraphic message alludes-whether it means that there is "1 no further news" except the dismissal of Mfr. Cramnton, or that that dismissal had not taken place. The Government have received no commumication on the suoject. Letters, however, will arrive either to-night or tomorrow morning from Mr. Crampton to the 27th, but until then the Government will be without authentic information. The Cork and Youghal Railway Bill was read a third time and passed. MERCANTILE LAW AMEENDMENT BILL. The House went into committee (on recommiitment) upon this bill. On clause 1, which repealed the 17th section of 29 Charles I., chap. 3," for the prevention of frauds and pesjuries," and the 7th section of the 9th George IV., chap. 14, The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the noble lord behind him (Lord Overstone) hail presented a petition from traders of the city of London, who complained that this clause would tendto prejudiceverymuch their commercial interests. Their lordshipe were aware that this bill had been introducedinpursuance of the report of a Royal commission which had been instituted in consequence of complaints from Manchester, Glasgow, and various places in the north of England against the present state of the mercantile law. That report had recommended the assimilation of the laws of the two countries, and, as far as regarded personal property, the repeal of the 17th section of the Statute of Fi auds. That section provided that no contract for the sale of goods for a value exceeding 101. should be valid unless it was re- duced to writing, or unless part of the purchase money had been paid, or part of the goods purchased had been delivered. Now, in the case of land it was perhaps desirable to require that all contracts should be reduced to writing; but he did not think that it was so in the case of personal property. At present the necessity of reducing contracts to writing was nullified by the provision that the contract should be valid if part of the purchase money had been paid or part of the geods delivered; and, in point of fSact, it would be impossible to reduce every merantile contract to writing. It was true that it was said by some of the most respectable merchants, that they entered into contracts through the agency of middlemen or brokers, and, if it were not necessary to reduce these contracts to writing, contracts might be palmedoff on them which they had never authorized. Now. he could only say that he believed that if the present bill beiame law the custom would continue the same as it was at present. The fact that in the north of England nine-tenths of the contracts made were not in writing, and that in Scotland there was no law compelling the n to be so,aforded a strong presumptionthat that portion of the Statute of Frauds was really of no practical value, and he tiwsted therefore that their lordships would not offer any opposition to the present bil. Lord OVERSTONTE said, that the result of the inquiry which had taken place before the select committee had only been to strengthen the opinion of the great majority of the mercantile interest in the soundness of the views which they had all along entertained in opposition to this clause. Merchants were persons whose bhsmess - necessarily led tbem nto enter into contracts of a very extensive and complicated character. For the purpose of coming to that common agigement on which such contracts must bs founded it was obviously requisite that much preliminary conversation must take plaoc; and the- danger which the merchants apprehended was, that thosbe inchoate and incomplete conversations would be forced upon them as binding contracts, there being no written memorandum whatever on wvhich to found such obligations. They believed, if such were tho effect of the clause, that they ;vould be precluded from that freedom of discussion which was necessary to every satisfactory commercial contract. In order to prove that portion of the case which he thought was in dispute he had called before the selent committee the highest mercantile authorities in the city of London, in rescect both to character, to the amount of their business, and the eminence of their ablities; but had he been required to establish the whole case he should have called before that committee witnesses from every branch of trade in the city of London, all testifying to the like apprehensions arising out of the peculiar nature of the transactions in their respective brances of business. It would be presumptuous in him to a tempt to discuss witlithelearned authorities in that house the legal bearings of the question; but he was bound to say that-the merchants and traders of every kind and description to whom he had referred, who were men of greatimtePigence and ability, were very capable of tracing out the legal bearings of provisions of this nature, and that they were fortified in all their apprehensions by the authority and advice of the professional persons in the city by whom they were usually guided. Moreover, while they were prepared to bow with great respect and deference to the high legal authorities, undertaking to declare what the law was aud to administer it, they felt considerable apprehension when the same legal authorities came down to determine what the law ought to be, and when they found that the reasons and arguments by which those legal autho2ities were guided indicated the absence of a sufficient hnowledge of the details of the various transactions of business and of the complicated circumstances which belonged to the course of contracts in each respective branch of trade. At the same time they ventured to think that they were as competent judges of what form of law was most applicable on matters of trade and commerce as the highest legal authorities that existed. He had thought it necessary to say thus much by way of caution. In that house it was impossible to contend against the combined legal opinions which undoubtedly existed in favour of the proposed clause, but the bhll would shortly go before another assembly, where the mercantile interests were more adequately represented than in that house, and where the objections to the measure would be more ably put forward, and, he believed, with greater effect than they could be in their lordships' house. (HEear, hear.) Lord CA&MPBELL anticipated that "elsewhere" the bill bill would be qnite as much approved of as it had been by their- lordships, for he believed that it was not less desired by mercantile men generally than by lawyers. The existing system covered frauds, in place of preventing them, and led to an immense amount of litigation, resulting out of questions of part payment, part delivery, and the like.q Lord ST. LEONARD'S observed, that the statute which their lordships were called upon to repeal had been in existence since the reign of Charles IL, and that they were going to repeal it in opposition to the evidence of a great number of merchants and dealers of the city of London who declared that its operation had been beneficial. Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY admitted that the higher class of merchants in the city of London were opposed to the alteration of the existing law; but against that he had to state, that no inconvemience had been experienced from the law of Scotland, which 'Was different from that of England; that the practice of the whole north of England was in conformity with the law of Scotland; and that more than a half of all the pecuniary transactions of England connected with buying and selling were conducted in defiance of the law, and without the slightest security that the parties would be able to enforce their contracts. Having stated those factshe thought he had established a case which caUed for legislation and laid a ground for asking their lordsheps to supply the mercantile classes with a security which they did not at present possess. If they altered the law as now proposed, no person wouldbe precluded from still requiring a written contract, while the great bulk of the mercantile community would be relieved from a difficulty of which they had long complained. The bil was then reported with amendments to the House. REFORMATORY AND INDIUSTRIAL SCHOOLS BILL Lord RAVBNSWORTHE in moving tlra second reading of this bill, said it would not be necessary for him, on the present occasion, as he had no reason to anticipate any opuosition to the measure, to refer in detail to the advantages which might be expected to arise from the establishment of reformatory and industrial schools. Such institutions would undoubtedly form one great means of drying up the sources of crime. That crime had recently increased was unhappily proved by statistics, and if that increase had taken place under disadvantageous circumstances-if there had been any redundancy of population or scarcity of employment, or if wages had been reduced-we could not have been surprised at the fact, however we might have deplored it. Buut at no time had there been such general prosperity in the agricultural, manufacturing, and mining districts, as had existed during the last few years, and yet, in the face of that prosperity, and of all the pains that had been taken to improve the condition of the abouring and mnining population, there had unquestionably been an increase of crime in this country. The main bbjects of the present bill were to simplify the existing modes of committing young persons to reformatory schools, to give to parents the power of removing their children from one school to another, and to give facilities for the proper identification of children. The bill, which amended the provisions of the 17th and 15th of Victoria, chap. SG, and the Scotch Act brought in by Mr. Denlop, had received the sanction and concurrence of the Government, and three or four of the clauses had been orought in by the Home Secretary in the other house. He anticipatued no opposition to the measure, hut, should any be offered, he hoped to be able to produce satisfactory reasons why their lordships should look upon it with favour. He moved that the bill be read a second time. After a few words from the Earl of HARPRowiy the bill was read a second time. The Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland) Bill, and the Public Health Supplemental Bill, both passed through committee. The Hay and Straw Trade Bill was reported, with amendments. The Pawnbrokers Bill was read a second time. The House adjourned at half-past 6 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, Mo.NDA, Ju2x 9. The SPEAxR took- the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BILLS. The Clay Cross Water Bill; Glocester Gas (No. 2) Bill; Godley-lane Road Bill; Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Bill, and Wainman's Estate Bil were severally read a third time and passed. PETITIONrS. Lord J. RUSSELL gave notice that to-morrow (this da.y) he would present a petition, very numerously signed (by upwards of 4,000 persons), in favour of the City Corporation Reform BilL Petitions against the abolition of church-rates without equivalent were presented by Mr. XrDALL, from inhabitants of Mzadron, Cornwall; by Ir. CsILD, from the archdeacon, lergy, and ehurehwardens of the archdeaconry of Stafford; by Mr. CavnE, from Hope Baggot, Salop; and by Sir W. Conusxorox, from the resident clergy in the deanery of Stev, Glocestershire, and from the Farishes of Weston-on-A^von and Welford. Petitions against the Parochi,l Schools (Scotland)Bill were presented by Mr. ALExANDEP HrASTIE, from Glasgow; and by Mr. A. W. LOCKHART, frorn Crawford, ILanarkshire. Petitions praying for a law declaringillegalthearrestment of workmen's wages were presented by Mr. A. W. LocKnAsT (2), from Glasgow; and by Mr. AL A.N-DER HLASTIE (4), from the same place. Petitions were presented by Mr. 1HENSr, from the inhabitants of Ballitore, in the county of Kildare, against the punishment of death; by Mr. H. BEsRELEY, from the Bristol and Clifton Trades' Association, praying for an inquiry into the system of pledging or pawning goods and merchandise for security; by Mr. E. BALL, from the inhabitants and ratepayers of Coleman-streetandAldersgategate-street, against the City Corporation BEU; by Lord GoDERic, from Mr. Cadogan Williams, praying that the elective franchise may be coufe-red on all persons who have purchased Government savings-bank deferred annuities; also, from the officers of friendly societies at Worsley, for alteration of the Friendly Societies Acts; by Sir J. FPRGsussox, from the parocnial board of Kilbirnie, Ayrshire, against the Scotch and Irish Poor Removal Bill; by Mr. W. BROWNvx, from 95 schoolmasters and teachers residing in Glasgow and its neighbourhood, praying for the establishment of the decimal system of coinage and accountsby Mr. H.ADEnELD, from the Metropolitan and Provincial Law Association, praying for amendments in a bill to enable execution to issme in any parb of the united ldngdom on judgments obtained in England, Scotland, and Ireland; and for amendments in another bill entitled Specialty and Simple Contract Debts Bill; by Sir W. CODRnsCTOx, from the owners and occupiers of land attending Glocester market, against the Agricultural Statistics BiE; and by ir. PELLASTT, from urisoners for debt in the Queen's Prison, Southwark, praying for an assimilation of the laws of bankruptcy and insolvency. J U VENILE CRIMINALS. Lord NEWPORT begged to ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to make any increased allowance for the maintenance of juvenile criminals committed to reformatory establishments? The course which would be taken by many of the counties depended on the determination of the Government. Sir G. GREY said that when this question was brought under his consideration some time since he undertook to recommend the Treasury to make a fair and reasonable allowance; and he thought the principle should be to give, in respect of the care and maintenance of inmates in these reformatories, the same amount which would bo given in case they had been sentenced to prison and detained there. The rates of expenditure in different reformatory establishments varied considerably, and he was endeavouring to ascertain the grounds of the variation. ENCUMBERED ESTATES COURT. Colonel GREVILLE asked the Attorney-General for Ireland whether it was his intention to bring in a bill this session to continue the Encumbered Estates Commission? Mr. J. FITZGERALD said, from the late period of the session, and from the proceedings of the committee to which his bill (for mnalkDg permanent the present system for the sale of estates, and for carrying out large reforms in the Court of Chancery in Ireland) was referred, it was not practicable to carry that measure in the present session.- Be believed the opinion was almost umiversal that the system should continue, and he was prepared to advise tfie Government to introduce a bill, in due time, to continue without intermission the powers of the Encumbered Estates Commission. (Hear, hear.) THE I BETURN OF BRTIH TROOpS. Sir C. WOOD said, he made a mistake on Friday night 'which, though of no great importance, he desired to correct Re tted, on the authoity of a gallant friend who had seen the teleraph, that.the Princess Xoyal_had Arrived at Malta witha battalion of the Guards. Since then the Admniralty had received a telegraph to the effect that the St. Jean d'Acre had arrived at Constantinople, ana left for Malta on the 5th with one battalion of the Guards-that the Agamemnon had arrived at Constantinople on the 6th, and left the same evening with a battalion of the Coldstream Guards and a battaion of the Rifles; and that tha Princess Royal was at Constantinople, taking out her lower deck guns, in order to go up to the Crimea and bring down more troops. PUBLIC PROSECUTOR. In reply to h. J. G. p:mx or.E, Sir G. GREY said, it was not the intention of the Government to propose a; bill during the present session for the appointment of a public prosecutor; but the Attorney-General had expressed a desire to prepare a bill during the recess, and submit it to Parliament as early as possible. (HIear, hear.) CIVIL SERVICE SUPERANINU,TION COMMITTEE. Mfr. KENDALL begged to ask the Chairman of the Civil Service Superannuation Committee (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) whether he could inform the House when the report of the committee would be laid upon the table, and what had beenthe cause of the delay? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, the Civil Service Committee had completed the evidence on the principal branch of the inquiry, and had decided, before proceeding with any more evidence or coming to a conclusion, to refer the evidence to actuaries, to give an opimion as to a question of calculation by which-they thought their udgment would be guided. The report of the actuaries had not yet been received, and therefore the committee were not at present in a condition to pursue their inquiry. 3Ir. ROEBUCK asked whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer knew when the report of the actuaries would be received? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was not able to state any day. The matter was under consideration. AMERICA AND TEE ENLISTMENT QUESTION. Major REED asked the hoa, member for Invernessshire whether, after the opinions expressed by the hon. baronet the memberfor Hertfordshire (Sir B. Lytton) and the noble lord at the head of the Government as to the inexpediency of dehating American questions, he would Aery st with his motion upon going into Committee of Suppo.y on the Army Estimates. ps. H. BAILI%E said, it was his intention to call the attention of the Eouse to the question of enlistihent in america as soon as the official accouts had been received in this country of wghat might have taken place in Amnerica. If that information arrived before the Army Estimates came on he might avail himself of another day for the purpose, but it w;as his intention to call attention to the subject as soon as that information was received. OUR RELATIONS WITH AMERICA. Mfr. DISRAELL-3fay I be permitted to inquire of the noble lord the First linister whetherhe has received direct information of the retirement of Her Majesty's Minister from Washington ? Lord PALHERSTON.-lNo, Sir, I have received no in. formation on that subject upon which any reliance can be placed. (Hear, hear.) THE TIPPERARY BANK. Mr. BOWYER begged to ask the Attorney-General for Ireland whether Her Majesty's Government had had their attention called to certain observations of the Master of the Rolls last Tuesday on the case of the Tipperary Bank? The Master of the Rolls as reported to have said - "He could not help expressing his great surprise that the Government had allowed this case to go on so long without interfering. Having regard to the English shareholders, he had no hesitation in sayingthatif the Government remained longer quiescent-if they did not at once hand the matter over to the first law officer of the Crown-they would be guilty of a gross dereliction of duty. It would be proved to the satisfaction, he felt convinced, of the entire English and Irish public, before hedeliveredhis judgment, that the most nefarious frauds had been committed, and if the Government neglected their duty by passing the matter over they could not complain if the public were to say they had been conniving at what ha be doing." He wished to ask whether the Government intended to take any steps in accordance with, or in consequence of, the opinion of the Master of the Rolls? Mr. FITZGERALD bad seen a report of some observations, purpoting to have been made by the Master of the Rolls, similar to those read by the hon. and learned member, and uponhisownresponsibilityhe immediatelytelegraphed to the Crown solicitor to ascertain when the learned jidge was to deliver judgment, conceiving that he wouldnot havemade such observations without some ground. (Hear, hear.) He knew nothing of the case beyond the rumours which had from time to time appeared in the public apers; but the course of the learned judge was clear, ang he would no doubt order the documents and the evidence to be handed to the Crown solicitor, to be laid before him (Mr. Fitzgerald) for his direction. He had desired the Crown solicitor to investigate the case if it assumed the character indicated by the learned judge, in order that he (Mr. Pitzgerald) might be enabled to act promptly and decisively, and to pat the law in force against the guilty parties. (sear, hear. STATE OF THE PARKS. Lord IL GROSVENOR wished to know whether we were likely to have a fresh display of fireworks? (A laugh.) Sometime had now elapsed, and the unsightly stractures erected in the parks for warehousing the fireworks stiUl remained. Sir G. GREY said, it was not intended to haie a repetition of the fireworks in the parks. A large portion of the building in the Green Park had been removed, and the rest of the building was in course of removaL OATH OF ABJURATION BILL. On the motion of Mr. GrisoN, this bil was read a third time. Sir F. THESIGER rose to move to leave out all the words from the beginning of line 7 in clause 2, and to insert these words:- "I, A B, do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my conscience before God and the world that our Sovereign Lady Qaeen Victoria is lawful and rightful Qaeen of this realm, and of all other Her Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto belonging ; and I do swear that I will bear faith and true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen V-ictoria, and her wil defend to the utmost of my power against all traiterous conspiracies and attempts whatsoever which shall be made against her person, Crown, or dignity; and I will do my best endeavour to disclose and make known to Her Majesty and her successors all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which I shall know to be against her or any of them; and I do faithfully promise to the utmost of my power to maintain, support, and defend the succession of the Crown against all persons whatsoever, which succession, byan nact entitled ' An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, andbetter securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limatedto the Princess Sophia, Electoress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being Protestants; and al these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear according to those ex:press words by me spoken, and according to the pLain and common sense and tnderstanding of the same words, without any equivocation, mental evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever; and I do make this recog,nition, acknowledgment, aud promise heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Christian. So help mo God." The hon. and learned gentleman said, it was with extreme reluctance that he again trespased upon the House upon this often discussed and thoroughly exhausted subject. If he could bring himself to think, that this was a matter of trifling importance, or one upon which he could feel any indifference; or if upon such a point he could be permitted to consult his own feelings and comfort, he should abstaim from further pressing his views upon the House. But the more he considered this question the more anxious he felt to make one more attempt to arrest a step which he believed would be of the most serious detriment to the public interest. His objeetwasto bring back the oath of abjuration substantially to the form in which it had existed without objection for 150 years, omitting from it those portions that were objectionable on the ground that they had ceased to have any application. He thought these were considerations that ought to induce the House to accept the amendments which he now proposed, and it might be useful to take a retrospect of the circumstances which had brought the question into its present'position. From the earliest period of the existence of the Legislature to the year 1S30 it never entered into the imaeination of any one that a person not professing the Christian religion could be a member of the Legislature. In 1830 Mr. Grant first brought forwvard his motion to relieve the Jews from the disabilities of which they complained, and he would recommend those who asserted that it was merely by the accidental insertion of certain words in the oath that the Jews were now excluded to read the various disabilities described by Mr. Grant as existing not more than 26 years from the present time. These disabilities extended to the exclusion of the Jews from almost every civil office and employment. Mr. Grant was at first unsuccessful, but he renewed his attempts with more success down to 18S6. From that period down to 1847 there was a pause from this agita. tion, although in the intervening period acts werepassed relieving the Jews from certain disabilities and admitting them to various offices, among others to all corporate offic2s In 1847 the noble lord (J. Russell) was returned for the city of London:with Baron Rothschild, and, in pursuance of a pledge given uponthe hustings by the noble lord, from that time to the present almost every year had been mnarked by some attempt, either directly or indirectly, to introduce the Jews into the Legislature. The oath of abjuration farnishedwhat might be called the stumbling-blocktotheir admission, and it became in consequence the object of severe attack and animadversion. Undoubtedly there were objections to that oath, arising from portions of it having become obsolete from the fact that there were no personsin e.xistence to whomitwouldapply. Unfortunately, neither party felt disposed to move the simple omission of the objectionable passages from the oath. Those who were in favour of excluding the Jews felt that there was danger in touching questions connected with the oath for fear of placing that portion of the oath in jeopardy which prevented the admission of the Jews, wMhle those who were desirous to admit the Jews felt that they would lose Xa tanding argument against the oath of abjuraion if the obsolete words wereze 6. The right hon. gentleman the member for M==hest1k; Gibson) took advantage of this state of thinps and madehimsef master of the position; he determined to 'cat the. knot of the difficulty, andhe setlinglyLroposed tio olishentirely the oath of abjuration- Trne, tb oath conhined matter of the highest imprtance, it contained the recogni-. tion of the Protestant snucesion as establishedbythe Act of Settlement (hear, hear); but the tight hon. gentlemauwa.v not to be deterred by any objection of that kind, and his objectbeingtheadmission of the Jews to Parliament, he' thought the best way of accompliahing that object was tobrush aw.3y the oath altogether. Nowr, many hon. membere. were startledat the notionof abandonin e important ronitionto whichhehadreferre but Ltnortunately they consentedtothesecondreadingofthe bill, in thexpectation oF' being able to alter it in committee. The noble lord the-. memberfor London, by the right hon. gentleman!a movement, found himself placed in a subordinte wition, hewas compelled to work under the right hon. gentleman. (" hear," and a laugh), and as he objected as strongly as any one to gettingrid of thewords whichrecognize=thePr6testant saccessdon, he introduced in committee a portion of the oath-namely, " I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend to the utmost of my power the succession to the Crown, &c." That was the httle modicum of the nath which the noble lord presented for the acoeptance' of the House. The question was, whether the House. vwould consent to abandon the most important portion of the oath which bhd been taken by all Protestants and, Christians for 150 yeas, and to accept the tame, meagre, lifeless substitute proposed by the noble lord! (Hear, hear.) What was the nature of the oath they were 'called upon to abandon? It had been sup)posed that the oath of abjuration vas only an expansion of the oath oE allegiance. That was an en _ misapprehension. The oath of allegiance might and would be taken to a Sovereitn lo facto, hut the oath of abjuration ascended to much higher ground; its terms were-"I do truly and sincerely a<- -nowledge, profesr, testify, and declare on my consciencet before God and the world that our Sovereign LAdy Qneen Victoria is the lawful and rightful Queen of this realm." Was there nothing significant in that oath? He would c%ll for the earnest attention of the House to the circumstances to, which it had application. The title of Her Majesty t-o the throne depended upon the Protestant character of her ancestors and upon the Act of Settlement. If it. depended upon mere abstract hereditary right, a foreiga. Roman Catholic sovereign would at that moment be king: of the realm. (Hear, hear.) And this w.as not a mere idlea phantom, a'mere claim, like theclaim which thiscountryha only recently abandoned to the sovereignty of France, it w&an a claim acknowledged and not enforced only because a con'venienttime for enforcinS it had not yet arrived. (Eear, hear.) The subject to which he was now about to refer had: already been introdiced to the notice of the House by hin right hon. and learned friend the member for the 7Universityof Dablin (Mr. Napier), and he called their particular attention to it for the purpose of enforcing ius Temark zwith. respect to the dc jure cLaim to the throne. In lS4il |some. years after the accession of our gracious Sovereign), Archbishop Cullen, nowv the Pope's legate in Ireland,. pub'ished a selection from the Papal bulls for the use of the. Cel le 'e'De Prq paqand fil Fide, and inhis dedicatory prefaceto. Cardinal Fransoni now he believed at the head of the college the archbishop explained his reasons for the publication: " That all things may be in readiness which may appertain to a right and expeditious management of affairs." And at the end of the letter he addeda- " That this edition has all those apostolic letters whicbl have been promulgated since the first edition to our times, and either the necessity or opportanity of consulting whichl mnay easily occur in the course of managing affairs by the. Sacred council." These bulls, eight in al, were selected out of 66 others, antl among them were two nublished by Clement X-IIL, in 1759, and 1760, and addressed to " Onr most dear son in Christ, James, the illustrious King of Great Britain." In them, the Pope informed King James, as he called him, that he. had nominated to certain bishoprics in Ireland, and gave hisreasons for not mentioning "the King's" name in the, letter of appointment. He said:- " That for reasons which his own prudence would suggest; he had not mentioned His Majesty's name in the letter of' appointment, hut that he addressed the letters to him as a. pledge that this omission of his name in these letters shoulda Dotinjure or derogatefromhis rightof nomination, but that. his right should remain luninjured."' 'Why wre these particular bulls select,ed and published in the manner he hae mentioned? Why had Archbishop. Cullen brought them out of the Papal armonry and burnished them up if there was no intention of putting: forward a claim which they might assist in establishing, upon a fitting occasion? (Hear, hear.) But this was notalL In a book'published in Ireland, De Hibeinuid Dondinicand, the following most remarkable passage was tobe found-the more suspicious from its having beeerased from several copies:- I The heirs of Sophia of Hanover were placed on the, British throne as being the nearest of kin to the family of' the Stuarts, who were Protestants. But (added the writer) there are 50 and more Catholic princes of either sex whoenjoy the right of nearer blood to the Stuarts which that. most accurate genealogical tree of celebrated lineage whichi I hold in my hands distinctly exhibits `" and then gave the affinities or the lines of Sardinia, France, and Spain. Did not the House believe that Archbishop. Cullen pssessed that tree, and, in consequence of the information he obtained from it, published his selection of bulls' Well, they now had to consider whether as Protestants and. Christians they thought these words insignificant:-" I dotruly and sincerely ackmowledge, profess, testify, and declare on my conscience, before God and the world, that. omu Sovereign Lady Queen Vietoria is the lawful and rights ful Queen of this realm." They had to consider whetherthev were diposed to adopta meagre and lifeless residue of the oath, instead of the strong, conscientious, and heartfelt assertion of the right and title of Her Majesty to the. throne of England. He believed that the noble lord thememnber for the city of London would have been as des-rous as any one of retaining those words, if he could)-aYe done so consistently with the object the noble lord' had in view. He assumed that, in consequence of what he had heard ably expressed by tie noble. lord on a former occasion in reference to the sovereignty of Queen Victoria. But the noble lord was in. this situation :-he was desirous of getting rid of the. words "on the true faith of a Christian," which constitutei the only impediment to the introduction of the Jew into Parliament; and if the noble lord had introduced all. the other words of the oath which he (Sir F. Thesiger). proposed, then the noble lord would have had no excuse, whatever for not adding those words at the close of it; but, on examining the meagre and unsatisfactory aiodicum of the. oath proposed by the noble lord, the House would see that. it was impossible to adapt those words to it. In like manner' there were many hon. members who, being anxious that the. oath should be changed forthe puse of admittingthe Jews. to Parliament, were willng, for the purpose of accomplishing that end, to abandon al the remainder of the oath, which nevertheless they did not deem unimportant. The. hon. and learned member for Sheffield had taunted the opponents of the admission of the Jews for not having broughtdistinctly forward a measure for the purpose of excluding7 Jews from Parliament, and the noble lord at thc head of the Government had suggested that that question might be. brought distinctly before the Hrouse on the third reading: of the bilL. In answver to the suggestion of the hon. and learned member for Sheffield he had to say' that, so long as the oath of abjuration was retaied. in its integrity, there was no occasion to bring forward any measure for the exclusion of the Jews from Parliament ; and with regard to the suggestion of the noble lord at the head of the Government, he must observe that, in the present position of this question it was quite impossible for the op onents of the admission of Jews to havedistinctly placed before the consideration of the House thequestion whether the Jews should be admitted to a seat in marliaent or not, because that point was entangled and. embar-assed by that other portion of the questionr as to the omission of those important words to which he had hadi already referred. This showed the waisdom of thecourse proposed by the right hon. member for Buckinghams'nire, who, as they all knew, was as aUXious as any gentle- man on the other side of the house for the admission of theJews, and who not only suggested, but proposed, that thetwo questions should be kept entirely distinct and not. blended together. That right hon. gentleman, therefore, proposed an amendment, having the effect of bringing distinctly before the House the question of the admission of the Jews, and, at the same time preserving in its substantial integrity the oath, which had bsen taken without exception for upwards of 150 years. He wouldventure to point out to the consideration of the House that it was quite impossible to mix up the queston of the oath which Jews, if admitted to the Parliament. should take, with the oath which ought to be required from Christian members of the house. It would not do simplyto change the form of oath for the purpose of admitting the. Jews to Parliament, because the cnnsequence of that would be that the Jews would be admittec, not only to a seat of thcthe Legislature, but to many other offices in thc State which it vould be highly objectionablefor any Jew to hold. He appealed to the noble lora the member for London on. this point, because in 1847, and also in 1853, the noble lord thought it necessary, in proposing to admit. the Jews to Parliament by changing the oath of abjuration, to specify certain offices connected with the church, with the. ecclesiastical courts, with the universities, colleges, and schools, and in reference to the presentations to livsg vie ofieii, from which Jews should be excluded. It wxit absolutely impossible that they could properly deal with this question merely and simply by sweeping away the oath of abjuration; and, moreover, it would be necessary, if the Jews were admitted to Parliament, to make provisions toenable them adequately and completely to discharge thoe duties imposed on them. Let the house take theistance of a Jew being appointed to sit on an election committee. They all knew that election committees sat de dic irz. diem7x, with the exception of two most remarkable. and most significant days-Christmas-day and Goad. Eriday (hear, hear), being the very days, of course,. 'which the Jews regarded lightly and cared little for. Election committees sat on the Jews' sabbath. Were Jews,. then, if admitted to Parliament, to bs exempt from attend- ing them on that day? He merely threw these things out as-. illustrations of the position in which matters would stand bv merely acting upon the supposition that the difficulties of the question could beremoved bysimplyadoptingthe changes. proposed in tiC oath, and without regarding all the circumstanceswehichnust betaken into considerationbeforetheJew,_ if admitted, could take his proper place in the LegislatureAgain,-he believed that most hon. members felt that it was. highly essential that a distinction should be made between. the oath taken by the Jew and that taken by the Christian. 'Why, when, no objection was made, so far as the Christianwas concerned, to the oath requiring a profession of Christianity, should it be altered in his case merely for the purpose of admitting Jews to Parliament? (Hear.) On this particular point he thought he might expect the support of his right hon. friend the member for the 'University of Oxford, because in the course of one o' the numerous. debates which had taken place on this snbjectthe righthon.. gentleman made the following statement:- "le frankly owned that he was glad the noble lprd retamed these wordsin respect to all Christian members of the House, considering the solemn duties which we are
PABLIAAENTABY NOTICES. HOJUSE 0F COMia --NT -vss in X0V17/ -W i blalor bibthorp,-To inquire whether any reply to the memorial of the Guardsshas been drawn up at the War-office; and, if so, whether therm will be any objection to iay it upon the table? SirJ. Pakington.-To ask the President of the Poor Law Board. whether any progress has yet been made in the correction of the great evils which have arisen from the crowded state and detective accommodation of the St. Pancras Workhouse; and, if not, whether he inten(ds to takeo any steps to require and enforce the necessary improvements? MEr. Kennedy,-To ask the Attorney-General for Ireland whether it is the intention ofGovemment to take any steps for providing an increaseofsalary fortheclerksof-syl Prius inDublin. in consequence of the increased duties and expenses imposed on them-fist, by the estabEshment of the " Consolidated Nisi Prius Court" in Dublin and, secondly, by the act called - tho Common LawProcedure Act?' Lord J. Russell.-To present a petition, signed by 4,000 persons, in favour of the London Corporation Bill. hIr. W. Ewaot,-Select committee to inquire into the operation of the law imposing the dunishment of deatho PEr. Drummond,-O question for select committee on punishment of dEath, to cUel the attention of the House, with a view of suggesting means by which Secretaries of State for the Home Department may be relheved from the importunities to which they are exposed from the advocates of condemned eriminals, whereby the course of iustice is ofttimes impeded, and the decisions of the legal tribunals made or none effect. Mhr. Heypoodi-Selest committee to inquire what rublic measurea can be adopted to advance science and improve the position of its cultivators. Sir E. Perry,-InU ciling the attention of the House to the state of the law of property as it affects marnied women, to move re1oun tions: That the rules of the common law which give aUl the personal property of a woman on marriage, and all subsequently acquired pro. pert and earnion, to the husband, are unjust in principle and inouriou in ther operation. That the principles of the courts of equity which recogwrhio separats property in a married w oman, and invest her w,ith respect to such property with ae the rights of ominership, aer in accordance with the requirements of the age, and in conformity vith the opinionstand usages bf the wolverthiernd better iMnstr,ucthedelassesaofnsocity ThatointheiOpiunioanceofnthiswhouse the existintbatween lw nd btweuit onthe subjectrought tobe terminatedoby a general law, bsedon the principles of equity whichr houldapplyto alllasse. Mr. hnitesiRynebi-lecto committee toinquire intothecircumstanced of the purchase of the machneand ivention for perforatingposasge labels byathe Govem ment from Mr. Archer, the inventor; and al0o nto the cirnsmatdnce3 under which the existing agreements betwoeen tie Government lnd the contractors for gupmmg and printing the postage and receipt labels were made. Viscount iayuhaur,-Select committee toh iquirein to the condition and administration of the metropolitn wvorkhouses;* and into the arrangelments made ana carried out by the parochisi authorities, for giving relief to tire poor in the metropolis. PEr, T. Chlambers,-Select committee to inquire into the present state of the lawv of artistic copyright; the operation of the engraving and sculpture copyright, and international copyright acts ; together withi the convention3 entered into by Her 3Iajesty vith various foreign Slates, and the orders in Council founded thereon, so far as the same relate to artistic copyright, with a view to the amendment and conisolidation of the engraving and sculpture copyright acts. P;r. bI'nahon,-Select committee to investigate the operation of the recent statutes relating to the iisheries of Ireland. '.r. Hadfield,-Address for copies of instrurtions to Phr. Urquhart for a commercialmission to the East.7833: Of correspondence betweeni tohe Foreiga-ofloie. the Board of Trade. the Turkish Embassy, Sir Herbert Taylor, and' Mr. Urquhart, in 1835i6, respecting the negotiation of the Turkish treaty of commierce: Of letter from Mr. Tjrqluhart to Lord Palmerston, dated Constantinople, January, 23, 1834: Of report by Mar. Urqulhart on the failure of the crops in South Russia, dated Conmtantinople, February 28, 18PS: Of speech of the Tuxrkish Ambaasador, Nourn Effendi, to His Majesty lYMiam IV.: Of two notes frons the Turkish Ambassador to the Foreign-office, 1835: Of letters from lMr. Urquhart to Sir H. Taylor, July 3, 1835; Sir H. Taylor to Air. Urquhart. December 13, 1835; M hr. Urquhart to Mr. Bacthoume lenclosurel, February. 18S6; hlr. Backhouse to Phr. Urquhanrt, February 18, 1836- Mr. oulett Thompson to Mfr. Urquhart, Fhruary 15, i83I6 -Sir if. Taylor to M1r. Urquhart, May 8, 1836; Mr. Urqumart to Mir. iackhouse, Mray 16, 1836; Mr. Urquhart to Mr. Backrhoure, May 22, 1836; Viscount Palmeraton to Pir. Bac.khouse. 'ay 22. 1836; Mir. Urquhart to MIr. Backhouse (marked private). Jyme 3, 1836; Mlr. Urqushart to hrr. Backhouse (marked private), Far:s, June 15, 1836; and hir. Urquhart to h'r. Backhouse (marked private), June 16, 1836. Of memorandum (enclosed un preceding) on additional stipulations proposed to be insated in the treaty: Of two reports by h'r. Urquhart on the financial position of T1urk-ey, with elaborate remarks on the duties charged on various imports from Turkey 1835 or 1836: Of d-raught treaty, as settled at the Beard of Trade, i836: Of correspondence between Phr. Urquhartsnd the Foreign-office, respecting the recall of Ptr. Urqubart: Of letter-fromMr UrquharEtoV-iscount Paimerston, dated lieptember 20, 1837; Of Viscount Palmerston's reply, datud Jissue, 183: Of letters from Air. Urquhart to PE. Packhonse, December. 1837; Ph. Urquhart to Viscoumt Palmerston, December 8, 1837; h'r. Backhouse to h£r. Urquhart, December 23, 1837: and, hEr. Urqhuart to h'r. Backhouse, July 20, 1Y38; of corresponderce between the British Embassy and the TurLish Government in 1837S,.-esperting the Treaty of Commerce, signed August 16,3838. Of any letter from the Turkish Government, demanding an increase of two per cent. on import duties; of correspondence with Austria, Franc%, and other Foreign Governments, respecting the revival of the TurkLsh Tieaty of Commerce. 1843-6. and particularly the correspondene between Prince Metternich and the right hon. W. l. Gladstone. Of correswndence between Lord Aberdeen and the right hon. W. E. Gladstone and hir. Urquhart in 154; of correspondence between h'r. Urqu3art and the Foreign-offlce in 1845, repecting the papers connected with his recall. Of letters from Ar. Srquhart to Ir. Addington, 24th of June, 188; and. hIr. Addington to Mr. Urqubart, 29th June. 1848. Of Mlr. Urqulhart's reply; and, of corm ercial treaty between Russia and Turkey, 1846. Air. Mluntz,-Copy of a return transmitted by thne guardians of the poor of Birmingham to the Poor Law Board, dated the 4th of June. 356 , showing the total amount expended for the maintenance and relief ofthe poor, and the coal per head on the population, in 42 unions and parishes, including the parish of Birmingham, for the years ending 1ady Day 1831 an,d lSSS respectively. hlr. ~PeDlatt,-Rteturns oftthe names and number of petitioners tothe Insolvent Court, Portugal-street, showing the schedules fled and cases heardsuce the date vhen the last counissioner vwas appointed; of the number of cases heard by each commissioner, and adjudicated upon, andtho petitioner discharged forthwith; and, of the number of cases remanded or adjourned by each commissioner, and the periods of s£r. Hadfield.-To ask the Solicitor-General what couse he intends to adopt respecting tie Wills and Audministrations Bill; and when ho intend(s to proceed with the same; and whether it will bo prosecuted to an issue during tho present seseion. OuDP's OF THlE DAY. Judges and Chancelors Bill-Second reading. Formation, &c., of Parishes Bil,-Committee. (Progres imay 30.) Aldershott Camp Bll,-Committee. Oxford University Biil,-Committee. ST. 3rltnm's-HAEL.-A new oratorio is announced for performance here by thse Harmonic Union to-morrow (Wednesday) evenin'. It is entitled Esoch', Prophecy, the composer beizg the iEev. S. S. Greatheed. Madame Weiss, Miso Tilner, Miss Dolby, ferr Reichardt, and Mr. Weiss are engaged aws principal vocalists, HIerrolique and Mr. Blagrovebeingannounced as conductor and leader. Tho programme also includes an anthem for a double choir by the same composer, and Mendelssohn's symphony in A. The proceeds of the concert aro to be devoted to the Nightingare Fond.
iLST, by a poor rann, on Monday, about 4'a-rm., LETTR adressd "essr. LogdonandCo. elastic manu.fac;u Tess Deby: cotaiing £5han ofEngandnote. No. 12931. 13th ICELOGICAL SOCIETY Of LONRDOW.A -SI-B CILGEEA BEETING~ writ e heldl at the Apartments ofteSceySomerset House. on Wednesda evening, june 1S. at S Ioco.ber the Ordinary General Bleeting, for the purpose of electingf ember of Council, and a Presidtnt, in the roora of the lato Mr. DailSharpe. iT fNG's COLLEGE LONDO~~h coLO 3L~aud after &fn .Jn ,PPL ilb D ITDfrthle remainderofthprsntemenngJl2. tW.JELl', D.D., PrincipaL ~iI~ARBOROUG COLLEE.- ant directed LYE hrevt gvenoic, ha te NNALGENERAL, MEET-' T'HE ROYAL NAVAL SCH0OLTefrnd TLand supperter. of this Institution are invie oATN h ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION of P-RIZES atthnSooonTea, the 17th inst., at hslf-past 12 o'clock precisl imm B0WL12A G.B.. President. in the chair. By order of the Council, A.LFRED BAME,See.* New-cross. Kent. June 7. 1I3. Q5T. 1MARYLE8ONE and ALLSUS'GA- K3MAE SCEiGOL. ini union with KigsClee salsed 1832. -EAEIER TERMN will DIVIDE on Tedy h 0his. when new Pupils will be admitted. ProspEctue ob bando h VicePrincipal, at the School-hiouse, 1,'Cor alte. teetsprc JNO. A T,LD,ricipal. ILGEDWA-RD the SIX FR GAN L3-'ARSCHOOL. Birmingham.-R VhDea-mn A-A CANCYlsnvin goccurred in one of the ASEtHPOthisdo. nartment, gentlemen whio have taken thedge fB.a xodo Cambridge, and are desirous of becooming candidae,aerqetdt send in teir applications and testimonials to moo rbfr od the 210day of June instant. The salsr s£0 er h cola unuder the superintendenceoftele.}.HGior,heeamse. Further particulars, may beobandnaplctntoee King Edward's Sichool. Jn ,86 1)RAY COLLEGIATE SCHO Tecurse o J3JPstudy, which embraces all the esnilofarudnd liberal education, is specially adapted when dsrdtthreiresnets of thie publicservices. Tke house andgradarspco,thlcliymt plaat and healthy, andl withi anhorfLndnbGeaWstn rwailwy. The academnical year constofhretm,te next comnmencing,Septemnber 9th. but Pupils aeamte taytm during term. 'or prospectuses address toDrBa!Phbrdsoue near Maideuhsead, Berks. DROEEDNGSagansttheARHDEACON of ..LT1INTN.-he Acbdaconhasbeen cited to Appea at at Weston-super-KiMare.i desre o ee hepratie wllbe admitted a h rud C HRIG WELL MILITIA CLUB3.-Thte Mlembers of Tuthis Club are requested to meet the Treasurer and Secretas-yat the MyoeInn, Chiigwveli-row, on Saturday. the 5th day of July, at 7 o'cloc in. the evening, when the accounts will be produced for their inpction aand their decision requested as to the disposal of the ftends.-~-: hgwi, Essex. Jian 6.1853. FP~O BANDMlASTERS.-The Committee for pro- .Lmeting the attractions3andamusemnents of Lowestoft during the approaching season are desirous of ENGAGING a first rate BAND, of from 14 to 1S musicians (quadrille and brass) for daily performance (Suday exeptd! urng he onts o Juy.August, and September next,and hey nvit teners or te sae, acompniedby testimenils f eilceney tobe entto he uderignd, efo e5oclock of T HE PEOPL of the EAST.-Pictorial Toulr7of JLEurope.-GltEAT GLOBE. Leicester-square.-Extensive Ad. ditions.-The Arms Dresses, amid Ethnological Illustrations of the Manners and Customs of the East. The Dioramic and Pictorial Tour of Europe, from Elngland to the Crimea, and back; the Mlodel of the Earth; the Sieg-e of Seyastopol, Cronstadt, the Baltic, and Sweaborg. With illustrative Lectures. Open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Admission to the whole building, Is.: children and schools half-price. MIjADAME TUSSAUD's EXHIBITION, Bazaar, k!kakcer-street,Portman-square.-A, faii.length portrait model of WILLIAM PALM,EIt is now added to the exhibition. Admittance Is. : extra rooms, d. OPen from 11 o'clock in the morning till 10 at night. fKHN'scelebratedANATOMICAL MUSEUM DU. (or`geAntlemen only), the rarity andeomplet-enes of whose contents have already acquired foir It an Europea reputation, and obtaine-d the warm oommendations of the preas ina thin andothier countries isno iOPEN daily. A new series of origina specimens and modls ear-w brain s ome mest important and curious features illustrative of the wondeia of the human structure, has lust been added to the collection. which now ttandswholly nurivaUedintheworld. Lectures aredelivered at 12,2, an4 half-past 7, by Dr. Sexton, E.RG.S.; anda new one Is daieved"by Dr. a-hn, at 4 p.m. precisely. Admission ILs-4,0oTentrystreet. Leloester-aluare. splenOMdTA, Egypatian-hall, Picca. nddMUSEUMof MECHANICAL FIGURES, tIe rie o lie i nw OPEN DAILY, from 11 till 5, and from 7 till 10. Admisio, I:; tals, 2s. Chidren unuder 10 balf-price. Shortly will be xlmbit,forsaf, - select collection of drawinigroommechanical Fly desre f anumer f ldies and medical .53men Maam CALINha REOPEEDher ANATOMICAL FHE, ENGLISH. OPERA COMNPANY, comPrisino~ TL tho following celebrated artistes-viz. Dsli Lsanza Mliss P Adarni, Mlr. Herberte, Mir. K Dusekc. Mlr. F. Vounge, and Mr. Henry Corr, will have the honour of appearing during the present week at the TheatreRoyal,lHull. Allcommunications tobe addressedtomr. HenryCorri, as above. tHE LONDON DRAMATIC COMPANY.- TLessees of Provincial Theatres are respectully informed, that a complete LONDON DRAMATIC COMPANY has been organised for a TOUR throughout the United KCingdom. The following distinguished artisteahaye been engaged :-Mr. Leigh Murray, Mr. Henry Marston, Mlr. James Rogers, Mr. A. Younge, Mr. Edward Murray, Mfr. G.£ Webster' M iss Jeuny Marston, Mrs. Rogers, 7,lss Faim)p Hughoe, and AMrs. A. arsin. No extraneous aid is required, Appli. cations to be made to Mlr. George A. Websetr (Manager), 6. Owen'srow. St. John-street-road Islington. HER MAJE STYxS THEATRE. - Alboni. - ]FAlbertinL,-Grand Eixtra Night.-On Thursdaynext. June 12, will be performed Rossini's opera, IL BAIIBIERE DI SIVIIGLIA, Resins, Madame Albani. After which, a Divertissement : Madame A. Bellon, MIdllee. Katrine, Ross, Lisereux, Clara, Pierron. To be followed by a Seection from the Fourth Act of IL TROVATORI, incldin th ceebrted iseier. Lonoa,fadame Alboml; Manrco. igno Bacard. ToconludewiththeNew Ballet Diver. tisemet: y Mile Maie agloni Mdle.Bosehetti, M. Cbarles. and Id. andrs.Frday Jnu 13,Grad Exra Nght-Pac*icuarswill be dul auouced Sturay Jue 4, dle. oan Wagner wil Applcatonsforboxe, sall, ad tiket tobe adeat the box-office L YCUI%ITHEATR.E.-Last Appearance but JLASeven of M1adame Ristori.-To-morrovr Elvening (Wednesday, Juo1)wl be performed ffor the first time in England), tranpslated int Itlia byA. Alaffei, Schileres tragedy entitled MARIA STUARDA. Maria Stuarda, Madame Ristori: Elissbetts, Madame Bsracan; Ana Nuticodi fara).MadmeFeliziani: Afargherita Carl, MaameRabarini RoertoCrat iLoeicester, Siguoroleck; Borgeno SinorFelriai; n UlinaleSigorBt.Doosigope a & The tragedywilt commenceat half-pasts T'RURY-LANE.-68th, 69th, 70tli, 71st, anad DLF2d Nights of English Opera, ackno,wledged the mnost brilliant success ever accomplished.-THIS EVENING (Tuesday), and on Thurda.t MARITANA. To-morrow (Wednesday), ni Trovatore ; o.The Gipsy's Vengeance. On Friday, Cinderella, And on Saturday, LaSonnambula. Preceded, ev-ery evening during the week by the musical burletta. TH-E SWISS COTTAGE. Lucy Rroot, Mliss Fanny Huddart, BMis Dyer; Messrs. Augustuss Brabam, Elliot Galer, Henry Haigh, Manvers, Duraud, Bernard, Courtagne, Htalford, ire. Coa. cluding each everdng~ th he celebrated farce, by John Oxenford, Esq. u,ntitled MY J, W CLERIC. Characters by Mess.rs. B. Roxty, Tilbury, Halford, Courtaigue, SIrs, Barrtt, Bliss Hammond and Slu Wadham. The Benefit of Mkr. J. H, Tauly, Conductor and Co,mposer, is fixed for Monday. the 16Bth of June. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS TL'VENWG.and during the week,-In consequence- of the great eucees attending its revival, the performances will commence every evening with Mtr. Buckstonebs comedy of SINGLE LIrF. As the comedy of Married Life attempted to illustrate a few of the humours of the state matrimnonial, and interest an audience without the Introduction of any lovrs whatever, the author of Single Life, in going to the opposite extreme. sand making hiis characters lovers all. hopes to be equally socceerful in portraying some of the vagaries of courtship, and showing that the democamtic region of celibacy has its bickerng,, as well as the mos t loyal one of "1t'he United States." Mfr. John Niggle (a fiuctuating bachelor), Mr. Compton; Sfr. David Damper (a woman-hatmng bachelor), Air. Chippendale ; Mr. Peter Fink-cy (a bashful bachelor), his original character, MVr. Buckstono;: M1r. Narcissus Boe (a self-loving bachelor), Mir. W. Farren ; Mr. Charles Chester (a mysterious bachelor). Mr. Edwin ViMhers: Miss Cairoline Coy (a vilfed spinster), Mrs. Griffiths; Miss MEaria Macaw (a man-hating sister), Mrs. Poynter; Mis Kitty Skylark (a singing spinter, Mss avie; issSarh Sare(an insinuating spinster), Mrs Co; Mss esy Mados ( roanic pinter, MssSwan. GAMUSNO Wih henewfaenofTHE WRONGS O WOMAN,in which Mlr. Buckstone, Mr.How. Mss albt. nd issSels Cpelndwill appear. Con- R OYAL PRICES's THEATRE. - TH1iS JLUEVENING and during the week, will be pr6sented Shakepeare's pla of THE WINTER'S TATE. Locate,. by Mr. C. Kean ; Hermuone, by Mrs. C. Kean, Preceded by THE VICTOR VANQUISHIED. T'HEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Novelty and TAttraction.-Immcnjse Sucocesa.-In consequence of the enthustaszic applause bestowed upon the revival of the celebrated Adelpbi drama, and the crowds disappointedl in witnessing it, The Flying Dutebman will be repeated everY evening, with its new scenery, dresses, and su mratural effects, including the Phantom 'Ship. orlminally produced v Mr. H. Child, and a most powerful cast. -Viane-rdecken. Masdame Celeste.-A Bottle of Smnoke (a great suceess.- Good Night. Sig. Pantalon.-THIS EVENING, the powerful Adelphi drama of THE FLYING DUTCHMAN: by Messrs. B3. Weboter, Wright, P. Bedford, C. Selby, J. Blanid. J. G. Shore ; Misses AL Keeley. K. Kelly. and Madame Celeste. With the screaming fareceof A IBOTTL'E OF SMIOKE: by Mr. Wright and Miss Wyndham. And the comic opera of GOOD N'IGHT. SIG. PANTALON: Messrs P. Bedford. J. Bland; Mlisses M. Keeley, M. Kelly, and Arden, Alte th opea te Ntionl Athemwil besung byv the who-le stregthof he ompay. o cnclde wth BaletDivertissement. Prinipa daseue, iss esis Wigh. D ors ne - Cprom an - cmeneat hafps!.Descrl,4.: iti, 2s. ; galey s Private boxes, £2 IN.. L2 2s., ant 1'-to be hapd at the box,-office, and of alnlb arin and mui irs. ~TANDARD HEATRE.-Adersosm, the Great andMyTeGRy,APHgIve Ca theThA sRoyal, Covent-arden and motMopularg ofany at present inMneSI AN,P 13rof let-or streeit. Wholesle price list may be had fre on application. June price list now ready. pH?TOGRPHY.-A complete APPARATUS. an I£1 a1.. chymicals and the art taught included, Prie iss en ~,stfre.AtGILBERT FLEMING's masnufacturer to Hr Micet s oardof rdasce,495, New Oxford-street, Ato [of Firt Stpo n Phtogaphy" Pice6d., by poet seven stamps. AN excellent FOLDING CAM1ERA and LENSj andtraTeflmig box. To be SOLD, at 45 and X5 iOs. respec~tively. Apply at Polcek's, chymist, 129, Feuchur-eb-street. ARTISTS And others desirous of meetinhr -with XLa first-rate homse for PICTURE FRAMES of every deZriptlon; at the lowest possible prices, are mnost respectfully invited to the oes.a blichment of C, NOSOTTI, 139 and 339. Oxford-street; established 1P22. ME CHANCAL MOTION.-A iPLATE, illustrat. Wing 100O varieties of mechanical motions, with Key, may be had free on application, or by post on receipt of tWo stamps Also infonCtionnpatenta. Proviiceal protectionfor six months, eiht guieaS ratent, £20 moer.-Mr. W. CLARKC. patent aget. 53, Chancey-Isa -f AELS.To Large Consumers. -LABELS JU PRINTMand CUT by machinery, ready for uce. One.inch sizes in proportion ; in coloured inks equally moderate. Designs made and estimates forwarded.-J. CROSS and SON, machmine printers, eugravers lithographers and stationems 18. HoThorn. Estalished 1813. T(AUTICAL and SURVEYIN' G INSTRtUAENTS. N.~-The Price Medal at the Great Exhibition of 1851 was awarded to CRICHTON'st SEXTANTS and DRAWVING INSTRUMENTS-- Manufactory, 112. Leadenball-street, five doors from St. Marsy-axe. Crithton's sextanto. quadrants, telescopes, barometers, Ue.. mnay also be bad of the opticians at all the pricipal sea-porte of thu Uinited Kingdom. Mferchauts orders ffupplied FTHE AWVFUL INUNDATIONS in PRANCE.- J.Noblemen and gentlemen desirous of provigtheirSY.'sPATE[Y with our ALLIES. aud of showying any mark of esteem to tle Emperor of the French, and interest in the rench nation generally. axe rezpeztfuly solcited to send in their names to the underigned, 6t. Pall-nulL A Committee of noblemea and gentlemen is on tho point of being arranged. C. PEMBERTON HODGSOiN. BEAJE3TY'S THEATRP:. S 3VEhlNG(TehllaUo Yneeveolm)ube repeated Verdi's highy suceaful ?era ISTRAVTILV'Dleltta, hIdUe. liccalomu; AIred, bi,no C31vbri an GerontGiorgio, Signor I~~~~~~~I ~~A ROYAL ITonlu N theneAv LYCEU M M2hSOLA: M3d Mo eLoe. Pecclomun.Bva ;tieClr THIS iVENING (Tuesday. June 10) will be formeptDonezetti's o Lpr uceLISIR D'eaIOLE. Adina, Ardome Boslio e Gianetta, born* Tagliafeoo ; NemorCo, and Gardont G Beloro, Signor Taglialloo ; nd Dulcamara, Signor ltonconi Conduc;or-Mlr CoAa3 AfterwancbT the balletedivertiseementtentitLed.EVA is p1 rActer by l . Desplaces and BdUe. Cerito. Comm atone 8. DROY Y-LTAL-EIN ISOE OPERE . TTHI EVE.SLsG, TJE S1WISS COTTAGEm After whicb, WatOce's operad A oloGITA aeA. LuyaEmottIMissDyer; eerInes.ioHrot Galer.Courn ignecDurand, Sin To conclude anith MdlY FEriOt Cmecer TEiEATlCE ROYA14 HAYMRKE. THISEV INGTHG. SISSLCTTAE. bre6is Claippendale, Buclstono; hlus Swnbaro-ugh 1 m. oynte-Ift. After whicb, Peres Nens ead t Ao SpiTh Ancem. THE RIGEiTS ANSD WllONSGS OF WvOMAN. ConcludinewithTIE POSTYFES LLOCLE HYAT PRINCESS'S THEATMRE. Under the Management of M1r. CBurleca ean. THISLTI=Gwill be presented THE VICTORF VAQUISE.ED After which Sakspere's pLa yofa T LNTEISTAnh D Leontrs by !str. e. Kewan; Hermaone, by MmC. 3;ean. T HTRE A ROYANS ADOLFPWL Proprleor,hr B.Webtor:E PLOSTMANSs K eOCK. ft TEltS~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~adm CeNiG IEFlEaGDTELR leste. r ROYA OLRCEPIS THEATE. Un er see, enr. AlfMred arLe a. THIS EVE2NNGwjb lsecondU edTHEVSICsTO1 iSDVIDUAI.: byssrs. C. eabsn; Hermne, y. Msvrs. C. Ker3;MLe3 an.tn n PSrsopreo. Mr.TB.BTIN Webster: Direte MElad, mery Ceet. Van WebsEter,Wrigt,. Bedfod C abo. Tebo 3 Bnland: Misse MTA Keeley ROYAL SLURREY THEATRE. Italesn Opera.-Second Night. THIS EVENING (Tesdty, June 10) ellini's opera, NORMA Normrs Radame LorinB-T Orovesos Signor Fortini- Pomio, Signor IorseL Aftber ahicn, thMam,o onldtem with STAclAT HOME. BaHet Divertissement. Ixincipal danse;nce Mis4 Rozina Wiight. Commence at I past 7. Half-price at 9 @elock ASTREYS UOYA ARPITHEATRE, ILessee and Manager, Mr.d. Cioke. THIS EVEING the equestdian spe1t0cle TEEp HORSEA O THor CA,IMam; or, The roentod Brigands of the Abrnoi Tho Doublo Rvolvhng AthletN. The Senes Ln theo Cirocl. And THE BlTDIvL OF PisAe E or, Pionour to the Bravse TO CORRESPOlNDENTS. Our readers are s equested to'observe that thcl oz. The Times is reduced M r Mr.W C thatooke. the price of a copy with the Tmpressed stamp affixed. oJnder the amended regaulatih ru of The Post-ofuice (No. 60) The Tines is transmisndble by post to British colonies and foreigan countiies without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion mnust be authenticated by tho name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected connunications. AV The publication of TiE Tncs commenced at S o'clock yesterday morning, and finished at a quarter past 10.
ZLONDON, TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1856. In the House of Lords- LordDoNouomioRuasked the SEcpn;rsAy for WAR what the intentions of the Government were with respect to the foreign legions? Lord PAxiwun replied that the foreign legions, when disembodied, were to be sent to their homes or to be located in some British colony at the expense of the Government. After a conversation as to the expediency of separating the sees of Glocester and Bristol, Lord CAnNARVoN asked whether the Government were in possession of any further intelligence as to the state of affairs in the UJnited States. Lord GRsvmaLE replied that the Government were in possession of no further information on the subject. Letters were, however, expected from Mr. CRA-&PTox in the eourse of the night. The Mercantile Law Amendment Bill was 'reported with amendments, after a protest from Lord OVERSTONE against the repeal of the 17th section of the Statute of Frauds, so far as it regarded personal property. Some other business was then despatched, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to Mr. DISRAELI, Lord PAIarERSTON said, he had received no further information respecting the reported departure of the British Minister from Washington. The Oath of Abjuration Bill having been read a third time, Sir F. TnBssGEB, making, as he said, one more effort to arrest a step which, according to his view, would be attended with most serious consequences, moved, by way of amendment, to substitute for the form of oath to be taken in lieu of the oath of abjuration and assurance another form, which, after binding the partytakingthe oath truly and sincerely to acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in his conscience before God and the world that Queen VIcToRiA is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her dominions and countries thereunto belonging; to bear faith and true allegiance to Hun MXAEsTY and to defend her against all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatsoever, against her person, crown, or dignity; to disclose and make knownto HER MAJEsTY alltreasons and traitorous' conspiracies against her, known to the party, and to maintain, support, and defend the succession of the Crown, as limited by the Act of Succession, against all persons whatsoever, proceeds:-" And aIl these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear according to these express words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common sense and understanding of the same words, without any equivocation, mental evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever; and I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, and promise heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Christian. So help me God." In support of his motion he reiterated some of his former arguments founded upon the declared views of Roman Catholic authorities regarding the title of HERE MAIJESTY, and insisted that, apart from the question of admitting Jews to the Iegislature-which should, he said, be made a distinct question-the words " upon the true faith of a Christian" should be retained in the oath, in order that it should be thoroughly understood that there was no avenue to that house to one not professing to be a Christian. Hlaving reviewed and replied to the chief argluments offered int favour of admitting Jews-namely, that they were excluded by accident, that all subjects of a free State were entitled to an equality of civil rights, and that they had been admnitted to the elective franchise-he reverted to what he considered the high and vantage ground, that our institutions were laid deep in the foundation of Christianity, and urged the House to pause before it abandoned that ground. Mr. Bow0ER defended Dr. CuCExni against some remarks made by Sir F. TnESIG;R. Lord J. RUSSELL congratulated the House upon the favourable position in which the question now stood. Sir F. THESIGEB had abandoned the old cath, which was an admnission that it could not stand, and proposed a new one, and to iusert in that new oath words the efflet of which would be to exclude Jews. But in framing a new oath the Legislature should not go beyond the necessity, or load the oath with superfluous words; whereas this oath contained words and conditions quite unnecessary, and if it were intended to exclude Jews from the Legislature it ought to be done directly. He did not think that the mere point of religious faith ought to be made a ground of exclusion,, and if such men as Lord BoLIImBRoKE and Mr. GmRaoN could take this new oath, as they might do, what was the value of such a religious test? He opposed the amendment. Mr. WARRE supported it. There was a great gulf, he observed, between Jews and Christians. What was everything to the one was nothing to the other. How, then, could they get on together in the work of legislation ? Their sanctions, motives, and objects were different. The direct effect of the bill as it stood would be to obliterate vital principles, to place the Legislature upon a new footing, and to work an organic change in our political xtructure. By rejecting the words " upon the true faith of a Christian"' the House wouldc establish a principle that wouild loosen the very foundation of oaths, and place a weapon in the hands of the infidel. Mr. Bv;G made a few remarks in reply to Mr. WAnRn, and in opposition to the amendment. Mr. T. Duxco%mE observed that all parties seemed to be ashamed of the oath of abjuration, and it was admitted by the opponents of the bill that it was not the family of the SruinTs they were apprehensive of, but the house of Roznscnum. He put it to the Rousewhether-things could be suffered to remain as they were, even if theywere threatened with 100 Jewish members ? Upon a division the amendment was negatived bv 159 to 110. The bill then passed, ancd the House went into committee upon the remaining clauses of the Cambridge University Bill, which were agreed to with amendmlents, after a long discussion. The Oxford University Bil was read a second time, after a brief explanation of its object by Sir G. GREY. The other orders were gone through, and the House adjourned at 2 o'clock.
The letters we oceasionally receive from Araenicans are unifornly characterized by a tone which puts us into no little difficulty. We do not know how to take it. Were it one of ouir own politicians, high or low, -wise or unwise, who had sent us such a letter of mixed apology and advice as that wegiveto-dayfrom "ANEw EtGA-.,n-DEr,` we should not hesitate for a moment to set it down as what is vulgarly called "' soft sawder." -But honestly we do not believe the writer is at all aware that such is the material with which he is supplying us. He believes it tobe altogether a different article,-sound, genuine advice. But the tenour of all the letters we refer to is the same, and it is, that in duty to ourselves and in kindness to the States-if we would understand our own position, and the destiny of the Union-if we will just consider what we are about, and earn the everlasting gratitude of America, and so on, we ought really and seriously to swallow any amount of dirt the Americans can offer to us. That is always the sole conclusion to which a great deal of clever argument and courteous expression is sure to lead. Nothing can be more candid than the admissions of the writers. They speak quite as plainly of President, Ministers, and American people as we could possibly do under the strongest provocation. "A NEW MNGLAinm " makes us a free gift of President PIERCE, Mr. Bucm&NArr, and the American Government in generaL He deplores as much as we could do " the " internal evils which at present afflict the States, " and almost shutout the co-operation of the wise "and the good in public affairs." He confesses that their " hands are full at home," and " the "' most fearful questions are pressing the Ameri" cans even to the verge of civil war." But the sum and conclusion of all this is that the British Government is to follow the example of "wise and good" Americans, and allow those who are neither wise nor good to settle all our affairs for us. But, after all, we don't see what reason " A NErw EN-GLND.Ea" has, on his own showing, to censure PIsnoE or Bu ANA, or to distinguish so very painfully between the wise and good Americans and those who are not. He holds, with Messrs. PIEnE and Bucm;H&Nw, that in the matter of the enlistment we have, as it were, first robbed our neighbour's garden, and then sent to say we did not mean to do anything illegal; that our conduct has been underhand, treacherous, uncourteous, and so forth; while that of the AmericanGovernment has been pre-eminently courteous, just, and proper. For MIr. WALKER, a gentleman of unbounded ambition, and likely to found a great empire, he has a respect approaching to veneration, and he appears to think that MIr. PTEnc's recognition of his Government is a forced, and perhaps not very prudent homage, to heroic virtue. Xe wholly forgets, meanwhile, that his hero is at war -with a State under our protection,and has actually annexed its territory. No doubt, the " NEw ExG" LAN-DER" offers us these suggestions in the purest and simplest kindness, and we beg to thank him for them-at least, for the offer. If we don't accept them, it is, among other reasons, because we don't see where "A NEw ENGLANDER" and his fellow-citizens are likely to stop. What next will they ask from us in the name of justice, kindness, courtesy, and even pity? Will they next tel us, for example, that really we are not going to be so unkind, so unfair, so uncivil, so aggravating as to refuse them our West India Islands and the British-American provinces ? Did these correspondents simply argue for the dismissal of Ar, CnAsmxo.f, or defend it, if it be indeed a fact, as is now stated, or if they took any ordinary ground, confessedly on the American side of the question, we might dismiss all consideration of persons and parties, and enter once miore into the merits of the case. }But we are told by our " Nw ENGLAxNDER," as we have been often told before, that the American President and Administration are at the same time right and wrong in the matter. We are assured that they have been playing a game, when, in truth, there was no choice left but to do what they have done. We are comforted with the news that they have forfeited the confidence of the American people and lost the last shred of their popularity by a course which, nevertheless, we drove them to, and which is a just vindication of American honour. We are requested to believe Mr. PuRmE nobody, and at the same time, for the present purpose, an impersonation of the American people. It is explained to us, as a mystery, that there is the greatest possible difference between the mob that carries the day in American politics and the good and wise people who look on with disgust; yet that from MIaine to California there does not exist the smallest difference of opinion on the questions between England and America. This perpetual contradiction, this alternate flattery and rebuke, passes our comprehension. Is it the usual tone of the " wise and good" Americans, dwelling like the gods of ErYCuRUs, neither caring nor cared for, in the sweet retreats and calm elevation of the 'Upper Ten Thousand? We franl;ly confess that the whole tone is so uncongenial to the British taste, so repugnant to that national spirit which leads every nman to take a side among us, and allows nobody to boast of his indifference, that it does not lead us to hope better, but rather to fear worse, of the United States. In the name of truth, courage, and justice, why doi't the " wise and good" men of the Union come forward, and either blow hot or blow cold ? Why don't they tell us whether they want to pick a quarrel with us or to let us alone? Why don't they declare themselves on that perpetual adoption of new and more extravagant pretensions- by the American Govermment, every President, apparently, maling it his aim to rival MuNioE with a new article of aggrandizement ? These " wise and good men," who have not a vword to say against what is done, but only indulge a few feeble sneers at the doers, seem to us a very helpless race. They do us no good whatever, and traduce their President, Government, and people to very little purpose. We don't want them to abuse MIr. PIERcE, but we do want them to give him better advice, or to set a better example. Itis our dutyto suggest to "A xG, , and his fellow-citizens of the "w ise and good" class, a serious misgiving, for which his own letter supplies an illustration. . Itracing M1r. WAx's position and career he describes that great, if not vise and good man, as "having been called "in by one oppressed part of tbe populationx uc under one of those wretched Spanish. "American Governments to free them irom the "tyranny of the other." Flurther. on, with pro. phetic import, " A Nmw E'GLA2DEey' says, "Mr. " WAmxz is an adventurer of vast ambition, ani " may ultimately conquer an empire from those Cc weak Spanish States." Here we have a picture of long-settled Anerican States in which the Eiuropeans have so degenerated as to render them an easy prey to the &mbition, energy, and sidll of individuals. In fact, a large part of the population are no better than so many fat sheep waiting their turn to be devoured by the wolves. The latter, of course, are sure to spring -up unnder such favourable circumstances, and they do the thing so well and plausibly that they cannot be called " strictly " Filibusters." . What is strictly a Filibuster, of couLrse, is not easy to say, but if it is any comfort to the "wise and good" Americans who sit stil and hug their wisdom and goodness, we -venture to predict that tlhey *will not be robbed and slain by mere Filibusters. lro, the future of America is glorious. She wil be the mother of heroes in comparison with whom PFmRE is wise and WALsn. a gentleman of modest designs. They will conquer empires out of those weak, wretched States, that novw avowedly tolerate a Govermment which they condemn. That "best portion" and " larger portion " of the citizens which now condemns the conduct of the President in recognizing Mr. WALxrn's government,-which tlhmi it hasty, injudicious, and calculated to inspire just suspicions, yet 'vhich does nothing, will find its indolence and its pusillanimity duly appreciated by such men as WALUz. They are only biding their time. For our part, we have no interest than that such a chan.ge should be deferred as long as possible; and that is one reason out of many why we grieve to see this continual admission of American weakness and prostration of spirit side by side with other indications of the vastest ambition, the most daring adventure, and, we must add, the utmost unscrupulousness. 'WVhen we see sheep and wolves, common sense telLs us what must follow before long.
The House of Commons has again decided by a large majority that the oath of exclusion-ordinarily known as the Abjuration Oath-should ba abolshed. The precise form of the bill is unimportant. Everybody knows that the point really aimed at in its provisions is the relief of Jewish disabilities. We are really rather aiding to relieve ourselves than our Jewish fellow-subjects from reproach when we promote the success of this measure. The principle of exclusion from Parliament as applied to the Jews is tnknown to the British cnstitution. It is perfectly true that they have been so excluded, but by the operation of the concluding words of an oath which was never intended to produce any such effect. In strict reasoning, if it be the intention of the Legislature that the Jews should not be permitted to sit in ParEament, we have need of two bills. In the first place, the Abjuration Oath should be rescinded upon grounds peculiar to itself; and, in the next place, we ought to pass a disabling act which should exclude our Jewish fellow-subjects from Parliamentary honours. It is ridiculous enough that the mere effect of blotting out from the statutebook a mildewed oath directed against a Royal stock which has disappeared from the earth should be to remove the only obstacle which keeps the English Jew from his place in Parliament. 1Iobody will maintain that it is not indecorous in the highest degree-we will even say blasphemousto exact from our representatives an oath the terms of which are a mockery upon commnon sense, and the obvious course is to remove the obnoxious and useless oath from the statute-book without further ceremony. We are, of course, bound to admit that if any person can show that the object of this oath was twofold-first, the exclusion of the house of STuAr.T from the British throne, and, secondly, the exclusion of the Jews from Parliament-then it may be perfectly right to continue the Jewish disabilities, at the same time that we cease to turn the solemn sanction of an oath into ridicule. But this no one has attempted to do. The real battle, of course, remains to be fought in the House of Lords, and we would submit this one point to the consideration of the Pleers. They have of late by a mere resolution of their House excluded from his seat a Peer appointed by the CRow-NV. Thus they have defined and defied the Royal prerogative, and have declared by their own arbitrary vote that such and such persons and no others shall be admitted to the honours of their House. 1Now, if they possess this powerand certainly they have exerted it-with what face can they deny the same faculty to the other branch of the Legislature ? This is not the case of Catholic emancipation; this is not an extension of the franchise; this is not the giving of a seat in Parliament to any person or class of persons to whom it has been denied by positive law. The case of the Commons as against the Peers with reference to the Jews is an a fortiori one when we examine the conduct of the Peers in the matter of Lord WEwsLEYDALE. The Peers say, " The CRoN shall not "create Peers for life, but the CROwN shall, by "-virtue of an act of Parliament, which originates with us, appoint so many salaried Peers quarndiin "bene se gesserint." The Commons say, " We "find it in the highest degree unjust that our "Jewish fellow-subjects, who may constitutionally "be elected to serve in Parliament, should be " excluded from their seats by reason of the "formal words of an old oath which was never "directed against them." An act of Parliament is, no doubt, needed in either case, but substantially we are dealing with a resolution of the House of Lords, who determine that they will not have life Peers at the pleasure of the CRowN, and with a resolution of the House of Commons, who say by a large majority that they desire the admission of the Jews.
A few years ago, when the temporary stagnation of labour and the supposed inadequacy of British produce to the wants of our population had thronged our ports -with multitudes of departing emigrants, there were heard a few roices bold enough to protest against this wholesale clearance, and to predict that we should one day mourn over an insufficiency rather than a redundancy of inhabitants. We will not be so bold as to aver that this prophesy has been flfilled, nor wmill we take upon ourselves to say that it is in the process of fulfiiment; but this, at any rate, seems clear enough,-the great work which then seemel to have devolved upon the Britislh labourer and the Irish cottier, of laying the foundations for futura empires or commonwealths, is now interrupted, if not terminated; and the industry -which was then claimed for the prairies of Australia or the woods of Canada appears now to find its full employment and remuneration in the British isles. That interesting annulal compilation "the Gene"ral. Report of the Emigration Comm°issionFs," in its issue for the curent year, presents us with a comparative analysis of put and present emigration, which is eminently fertile of suggestions on the state of the 'labour-market and
What essential difference is there between the Character of the French and English people that the oue shoutld be delighted with collections of historical portraits illustrative of their annals, and That the other should be presumed to be pro*Xoundly indifferent on the subject ? With regard 'to the French, any person of ordinary observation -who has visited the galleries of Versailles must have noted the eager interest with which the historical portraits and the pictures illustrative of French history are regarded by the mass of the population. At all seasons of the year, but especially in the bright days of summer, the halls of Versailles are crowded by visitors of the humblest classes, who take the deepest interest in the exhibition. It may be very true that the family of the grocer from the Rue St. Denis, that the young soldier vho has just joined his regiment at Paris, and the young bonne whom he is escorting, are not just rivals to MIr. Rusr-q in their criticisms upon art, but they feel the meaning of the exhibition for aU that. Their forms of admiration and the expressions of their opinions may often sound ludicrously enough to the cultivated ear of taste, but the purpose of the display has been gained. It is evident that an exhibition such as the one of which we speak must not be judged upon the principles of high art. Ve are not speaking of the policy of collecting works of high intrinsic Merit, indlependently of their subjects. We sire not asking that a museum shall be formed for the purpose of instructing our young students in the arts of design. We only wish that the nation should do that which is done by any private family which can scrape a few pounds together,-namely, collect a few memorials of its worthies. Go into the commonest lodging-house in London and you will find over the mantelpiece, in oil, a grinning presentment of the late lamented Mr. Joxra, some time an officer in HER MA sES Customs, but now departed this life, to the great grief of his widow and au afflicted circle. Now, what JoxEs is to this little society, SHAxsrRA&E, MILTox, CrosmIELL, andN BwTor_x are to the British nation. There is not one among us, above the mere hewers of wood and drawers of water, who would not at any moment pause in the public streets in order to stare at a good engraving which represented the features of any of these great men. In France it is said, and said we fear with truth, that the taste for gratifications of this lind descends lower than in England. The reason is obvious; in France the taste is encouraged by all means at the disposal of the Government, and this has been so from the days of the Great Revolution downwards. In England, on the contrary, it has been too much the fash-ion to depreciate the taste and the power of appreciation which really exist among our working classes. Had their taste been cultivated, it would have existed in a higher degree. The vote of Friday night on the subject of the New National Portrait Gallery will help to remedy this defect in our practice. The sum of 2,0001. was aslked for the folmation of a gallery of portraits of the most eminent persons in British history. The money was asked by the CHANCELLOn of the ExCHEQuER as the consequence of an answer given by the SOVEREIGN to an address from the House of Peers, praying for the fornation of such a gallery. The present proposition of the Govermment is of the most moderate kind. All that they propose is to begin with an exhibition of such portraits as may be voluntarily lent by the owners. The place suggested for this exhibition is the iron building on the estate at Kensington-gore. The selection of this spot is of more than doubtful propriety, but for the moment we pass over the secondary point. It is hoped that when the project has been once fairly realized the owners of pictures will, from a feeling of patriotism, be inclined to make presents to the nation; and thus it is hoped that in time a collection of historical portraits may be formed of the greatest value, and at a most reasonable cost. There is no kind of picture which the uneducated eye comprehends so soon as a portrait, and in the case of a national collection of course the interest depends upon other causes than mere artistic excellence. The object is one in every way worthy of the nation; nor can we at all subscribe to the doctrine propounded by Mr. Sroozmr on Friday night, " that he could not consent to a proposition "that the people of this country should be called tupon to contribute towards an historical picture ",galery that could be of nouseto them, and which "it was not possible for them to enjoy." WVe deny both assertions. Such a galery, if formed upon right principles, wonld be of the highest service to all classes, by promoting their syinpathies with men who have done great deeds, or who have distinguished themselves in science or literature. Again, how can it wvith propriety be asserted that it is not possible for the poorest of our fellow-countrymen to enjoy such a display, when we see the eagerness with which they flock to any exhibition of practical interest? Of course any gallery situated in London must labour under the defect that it cannot at all times be visited by mechanics and artisans who are earning their bread in the provincial towns of the empire. This difficulty is insuperable. But what more can be done than to place an exhibition in a central spot in the metropolis of the empire? The object appears to be one in every way worthy of a -great nation. The cost will be but of the most trifling kind as a public charge, and the result most gratifying to the honest pride of all Englishmen. There is no nation in Europe which could muster a finer collection of historic -worthies than the British isles, but the project 'must be carried out on the broadest and most liberal basis. W%e must have no sectarian spirit-no principle of selection according to private prejudice or political bias. Ca.&Rms L and OLIvER CroMiwEL, Archbishop L&UD and Jonx WEsLEY, JonN Wnzxus and S&un JoHNsos, have equal rights-of admission to a National Portrait Gallery. The success of the project depends upon the spirit in which it is commenced. If people find that the scheme is promoted merely for the saJke of gratifying the pride of families, or humouring particular fancies in religion, politics, or literature, they will soon cease to take an interest in the subject. We shall be most curious to ascertain in whom the power of selection is to be lodged, and who is to be responsible for the general management of the New National Portrait Gallery.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen, attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr and Lord Charles Fitzroy, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester yesterday at Glocester-house. Their Royal Highnesses Prince Albert and Prince Fzederick William of Prussia went yesterday morning to the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Captain the Hon. D- de Ros, Captain de Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein' and Dr. lUllman. Their Royal Highnesses left Buch'ngham Palace in two carriages and four at a quarter past 9 o'clock, and returned at a quarter past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The Princess Royal and the Princess Alice visited the Duchess of Glocester in the afternoon. Prince Leopold took a drive in a carriage and four. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, and Prince Frederick William' of Prussia, took a drive in the afternoon in an open landau and four, and visited the exhibition of American plants at Cremorne-gardens. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback. In the ovenin2 the Queen. the Prince Consort. the Prim. cess Royal, and Prince Frederick WiLiam of Prussia honoured the performance of MIadame Ristori in the tragedy of 11fedea at the Lyceum with their presence. The Royal suite consisted of Lady Macdonald, the Son. MIary Bulteel, Lord Waterpark, Lord Cnarles Fitzroy, Captain de Heinz, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Lord Charles Fitzroy has relieved Major-General Bouverie in his daties as the Equerry in Waiting to Her Majesty.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday at the Foreign-office, Downing-street, which was attended by Viscount Palmerston, the Earl of Harrowby. the Mlrarquis of Lansdowne, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, the Right Hon. H. Labouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hfon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Duke of Argyll, and the Right Hon. M. T. Baines. The Council sat for two -hours. Bom: ExrLoslos.-Yesterday morning a boiler exploded at the colliery works of Messrs.Wharton, at Whittington-hall, about two miles to the north of Chesterfield, Derbyshire. One man was kIlled upon the spot, and another so seriously injured that he is not likely to sur-vive long. The effect of the explosion was felt for nearly four miles aroundthe spot, and manybuildings were shaken. The engine-house, boiler and engine apparatus, pit gear, &c. were raised in one blackened mass several hundred feet into the air, intermingled with a volume of steam which beclouded the atmosphere for some minutes. The colliers hadcommenced their labours as usual, and the engine-tenter George Eolmes, an old man, was engaged iU attending to his duties at the time the explesion happened. A collier named Cook, a single man, residing on WVhittington-commnon, was in the act of lighting his pipe at the:flre.grate, when, in a moment, the boiler was raised from its bed, and the whole mass of brickwfork wfas sent in all directions high up into the air. Cook's body was carried along with the fragments and fell at a distance of 20 yards from the spot, mutilated and lifeless. Eis clothes were torn to tatters. Holmes the engineman, was carried by the force of the explosion a distance of 15 yards, and fell against a hedge bank, wvhere he was picked up in a state of insensibility. On recovering he said he could net account for the accident. He was removed to the hospital at Chesterfield. That the explosion was owing to a deficiency of water in the boiler there is every reason to believe, as Holmes was in the act of replenishing the boiler when it took place. The boiler, weighing upwards of 5 cwt., was carried about 350 yards in a north-easterly direction, and fell in a clover field near the 31idland Railway, while the boiler end was borne easterly and deposited in a grass field, at nearly the same distance. Another portion, containing the safety-valve and the feed-box, weighing upwards of 3 Cwt., was carried, in a northerly direction about 400 yards.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. *fle Alonitet.r of yesterday publishes the following:- " The Emperor, on his return from the departments which have suffered from the inundations, entertained the idea of devoting to their relief the sums intended for the public festivities on the occasion of the baptism of the Prinoe lmperial; but flis Miajesty was enabled to convince himself that the preparations were already too far advanced for his wish to be usefully realized, and. no change will take place therefore in the arrangements already made." The foniteur also publishes the following - 't The Minister of the Interior has just invited the Prefects of the departments which have suffered from the recent inundations to point out to him the acts of devotion, of which there were so many, on this sad occasion. As soon as the necessary information shall have been acquired the Mfinister will immediately bring to the knowledge of the Emperor such noble actions as may appear to him deserving of some honourable reward:"
PORTUGAL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LISBON, JUN-E 5. The Ministerial crsis made public on Monday last took many people by surprise. In the ordinary state of the House of Peers, the Saldanha-Magalhaens Cabinet eould have counted upon a majority of four or five in favour of the different financial plans concocted by M. Fontes in London and Paris; but just as the first bills relatingto a new loan and the quotation of Portuguese bonds upon the StockExchange were being sent up from the Lower House, the Government ascertamed that eight Peers from different pro! vinces and from the Azores, who had not been iu tho House for years, had been induced to come forward nowto oppose the bills in question, and, many of them having already arrived in Lisbon, the Ministers submitted to the King the necessity of creating some new Peers, in order to pass their measures, to which His Majesty declined to accede. I think the King took a very prudent course in refusing the creation of new Peers for bills which involve the necessity of above 100,0001. of additional taxation-at aU events, until the people have had an opportumity of expressing their wishes in the new election of a Chamber of Deputies, which would in any case take place this year. It does not, however, appear His Majesty had been equally prudent in previously allowing it to be known that he would not in this case create new Peers, since the assurance of that fact in circulars addressed to absent Peers by parties supposed to be in the King's confidence had naturally a tendency to promote opposition and eause those to come up to Lisbon to take their seats in the House who had for years declined to do so. If my information be, as I believe, correct, the Ministerial crisis may be considered virtually ended by the progress made yesterday for the instalment of a new Cabinet under the Presidency of M. Julio Gomes da Silva Sanches, who is a safe man, and wil be remembered in England as the Minister of Finance who annulled the first decree which had ap. propriated to the State two decimal taxes] out of the dividends payable in London upon Portuguese bonds. M. Julio Gomes has been uniformly a supporter of the Cabinet he now substitutes; but,'although reappointed this session President of the Lower House, he has not taken any part in recent debates, ill-health having caused his absence from the Cortes and made it a difficult matter to in. duce him now to accept office. The new Ministry will find no difficulty in passing the arrangement for the quotation of Portuguese securities upon the London Stock-Exchange; but the loan, and other measures connected with it, will no doubt be abandoned, or at least be left in abeyance, until the election of a new Chamber of Deputies. The present Chamber will, I make no doubt, vote the necessary budget and money bills for the new Administration, and I therefore beleve this change wil neither lead to the disturbance of public tranquillity nor to tle assumption of dictatorial power, which has hitherto been the initiative step of many previous Cabinets. Independent of the gentlemen vhose names I have given as forming part of the projected new Administration the King sought the services of Viscount da Laz, Viscount d'Algez, and M. Agaiar, who were also supporters of the late Cabinet; bLLt I do not find that His Majesty has during this embarrassing crisis applied to the Count Thomar, or any other member of the Opposition, probablyfrom the con. sideration that the great majority of deputies would be likely to refuse them the money bills necessary to legalize the collection of taxes, &c., after the end of this month, and thus compel the King to sanction a dictation, which he is understood to oppose as much as the creation of Peers; both having proved disastrous courses in his mother's reign. I hear General Ferreira, the military governor at Oporto, has sent his resignation by telegraph, as also that Count da Ponte, the Civil Governor of Lisbon, has intimated to His Majesty his desire to resign; but I shoUld say there will be no great change in public functionaries unless other elements enter the new Cabinet at variance with the names already known.
VISIT OF PRINCE ALBERT AND THEPRINCE OP PRUSSIA TO WOOLWICH. Yesterday morning at half-past 10 o'clock Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Frederick William of Prussia, and attended only by the aides-de-camp andthe medicalattendant of Prince Frederick-, visited Woolwich Arsenal. A salute of 21 guns from the saluting battery on the Common announced that they had entered Woolwich, and a few minutes later they arrived at the Arsenal gates, and were officially received in the Dial-square by the principals of the various departments, civil and military, the latter in full uniform. They comprised General Whinyates, Commandant of the garrison; Sir Hew Ross, Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance - Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham, RA.; Lieutenant-Colonel Maude, Aide-de-camp to Her Majesty and Field Officer of the day; Lieutenant-Colonel TuUoh, Superintendent of the Carriage D)epartment in the Royal Arsenal - Lieutenant-Colonel Pickering, R.A.; Lieutenant-Colonef Eardley Wilmot, Director-General of Royal gun factories; Brevet-Mfajor Vandeleur, Instructor of Artilery; Captain Boxer, Superintendent of the Royal Laboratory; Captain lFraser, R.A, Assistant Superintendent; Mitr. Pelatt, Store. keeper; Mr. Anderson, Superintendent of tho Machinery Departments; Mf r. A bel, Director of the Chymical Depart. ment of the Laboratory; Mr. Murray, CivilEngineer, &-c. As soon as the usual formalities of reception, &c., were gone through Prince Albert informed the authorities that it was his wish to oivo Prince Frederick a general survey of the various esta61iihments of the Asenal. The Prince was then formaUy introduced to the respective super. intendents of the departments thTough which he was con. ducted in succession, comimencing with the gun factories and boring rooms, whence he and Prince Albert proceeded to the carriage-square. Hero the Prince's attention was called by Prince Albert to the peculiarity and effectiveness of theendless saw. Some slight specimens of work wero performed with wronderful celerity. Tho letters "1 V. A." were cut from a niece of mahogany,ald other work was done, in all of whi6h his Royal Highness appeared to tako great interest. The spoke-prop and wvheel shaping machinery attracted rrinco Albert's attention. To this the Prince called the notice of Prince Frederick, who made several minute inquiries of Colouel TllUoh concerning the extraordinary capabilities of this complicated piece of mechanism. They next visited the collar and harness shop in the cairiage department, and were struclk with its extreme cleanliness and good order. Their Royal High. nesses passed considerable time there. They exanined and tested some improved saddles, and inspected some harness on Colonel Barker's improved principle, which is about to be despatched to the camp at Aldershott. Colonel Tulloh's newly invented spring sponge for cleaning guns, as weU as his improved picketting rope and hobble, underwent careful examination. The sick cot, on a new PrinIei attached to a cart spled with indiarubber sprngs, after the fashion of the cteP alesse, elicited their Royal Highuesses' attentive examination and inquiry. The Princes thence repaired to the proof department, where the powerful machinery for testing the strength of metalwras put in motion. Theylikewisei some breoch-loadinggns andother articles connected therewith. Thenoetheypassed on towards the newly erected pier and hydraulic machiery, and had an OpportUnity, as there wrere some ships in the act of unloading, of witnessing the facility with which the freights of vessels are discharged by it. The la.rgelaboratory room was next examined, wrhere theowhole of the machinery wras in motion in the ordinary operations of that department. Their Royal Highnesses were conducted throughout by Captain Boxer, of whom they made constant inquiries relative to various articles which particularly arrested their attention. They examined also a coloured sketch of the sheUl foundry now in course of erection, painted by Mr. Murray, the civil engineer. They thence reached the Dial-square, where the railway machinery was under steam for their inspection. TheirRoyal Highnesses andsuitethen returned to London. The band of the Royal Artillery was stationed at the entrance of the Arsenal and performed the National Anthem at their arrival and departure, and a guard of honour, under the command of Brevet-Major Reginald Curtis, R.A., was drawn up in the Dial.square. They left Woolwich at half-past 1. Fox Cnu.-The fourth meeting of the Fox Club this season took place on Saturdayevening atBrookss. There were present the Earlof ZetIand,TVscountMiton,3LP.p Lord Saye and Sele, Mr. Frederick Dundas, M.P., ColonelLonsdale Boldero, Viscount Duncan, MP., Colonel Ferguson, M.P., Right Hon. Lord Marcus Hill, Mr. Rowland Alston, Viscount Enficld, MX.H. F. Stephenson, Lord Sudely, Hoi. George W. Fxtzwlhlam, MEP., Hon. Hamilton H. Duncan, Lord Cremorne, Hon. Augustus Barrington, General Charles Fox, the Earl of Leicester, Hon. Edward Cokce, LSord Leigh, Mr. A. Ki. Stephenson, and Eight Eon. Sir Benjamoin HXall, hLP.
AMERICA. (A Xaunmary of the following, received by Electric Tele. graph, appeared in our Second Edition of yesterday.:-] LIVERPOO4 MoNDAY. The IRoyal mail steamship Asia, Lott commander, arrived this raorning from New York, with advices to the 28th ult., 155 passengers, and $760,395 in specie on freight. The United States' mail steamship Baltic, hence, had anived at New york. There is no confirmation of the dismissal of M1r. Cramupton, although the passengers by the Asia express an opinionthat such is the case. MTr. Crampton was said to be absent from Washington at his Countryresidence. Captain Lott, of the Asia, was in conversation with the British Consul half anhour before his departure from New York, but he (the Consul) had not at that time received any intimation of Mr.Crampton's dismissal. In reply to a telegraphic message he had sent to Washington for information he was informed that there was none to send by the steamer. On the other hand the Washington correspondent of the Nelv York Hera7d, writing on the 28th ilt., says . " Mr. Crampton was dismissed tody, as I stated in my despatch last nighthe would be. The thing was so quietly done that but few even believe it now. Mr. Crampton's despatch carrier left this afternoon with the answer of Mr. Marcy to Lord Clarendon, which will go to Europe by to-morrow's steamer. Senator Mason, of Virginia, despatched the news this afternoon to CincinnatL Action with regard to Crampton was promised before the delegate-s left here for that city; indeed, it was positively demanded by the friends of President Pierce before they would agree to make a move in his behalf. The message to Congress is ex.pected to-morrow, and the official announcement willshortly bemade public." This statement, however, is not confirmed by any other of the New York papers. The correspondent of the Niwv York Daily Times, writing on the 24th, says "I have fresh information to-day which satisfes me entirely that the Cabinet is a unit in the determination to dismiss 3r. Crampton. The papers will be ready early next week. At the same time a very conciliatory despateh is to be addressed to Lord Clarendon, probably putting the dismissal chiefly on the ground of Crampton's personal complicity in violating ourlaws, instead of because of thoBritish Government having violated our sovereignty." And ag,ain on the 25th:- " Mr. Crampton will receive hls dismissal to-morrow; also the Consuls. Despatches will go by the next steamer to hinister Dallas announcing the fact. The President, upon the international question, would perhaps be satisfied with LordClarendon's last despatch, buit-onthe other points he is so decided that Secretary 3Marcy's despatch will be likely to cause a sensation in England. It is believed that Crampton has authority to give, and will give immediately on dismissal, such orders to the British squadron at the West Indies as will be likely to lead to a sudden collision. The President contemplates a message to Congress on this subject to-morrow. President Pierce will, doubtless, be glad of such anoccurrence, to draw the minds of the country off from Kansas and the assassinations here." The same correspondence of May 27, of the JTornial of Commlerce, says " The President's message on the enlistment and Cramp. ton affair will be commnnicated to Congress to-morrow. It was delayed for a day by additions. The President wil approve no more bills till after the nomination at Cincinnati. Congress will take the spring recess from to-morrow." The feeling exhibited in commercial circles is thus expressed by the Cotrier and Bnqairer:- " any possible consequences of Mr. Crampton's dismissal having been freely discounted by the Bears, stocks took an upward turn, and a very large business was done at advanced rates, especially in railroad shares." The Committee of Investigation appointed by the House of IRepresentatives had waited on Mr. Sumaner and taken his testimony with regard to the assault which had been committed upon him in the Senate. He was in bed during the examination, and was in a very weak state. His account of the outrage, given under oath, is as follows.- " I attended the Senate as usual on Thursday, the 22d of May. After some formal businessa message wasreceived from the House of Itepresentatives announcing the death of a member of that body from Missouri This was followed by a brief tribute to the deceased from Mr. Geyer, of Missouri, when, according to usage and out of respect to the deceased, the Senate adjourned at once. Instead of leaving the Senate chamber w ith the rest of the senators on the adjournment, I continued in my seat, occupied with my pen, and while thus intent in order to be in season for the mail, which was soon to close, I was approached by several persons who desired to converse with me, but I answered them promptly and briefly, excusing myself for the reason that I was mucn engaged. When the last of these persons left me I drew my arm-chair close to my desk, and, with my legs under the desk, continued writing. M1y attention at this time was so entirely -dravwn from all other subjects that, though there must have been many persons in the Senate, I saw nobody. While thus intent, with my head bent over my writing, I was addressed by a person who approached the front of my desk; I vas so entirely ab. sorbed that I was not aware of his presence until I heard my name pronouneed. As I looked up, vith pen in hand, I saw a tall man, whose countenance was not familiar, standing directly over me, and at the same moment caught these words-' I have read your speech twice over carefully; it is a libel on South Carolina and Mr. Butler, who is a relative of mino.' While these words were still passing from his lips he commenced a succession of blows with a heavy cane on my bare head, by the first of which I was stunned so as to lose my sight. I saw no longer my assailant, nor any other person or object in the room. What I did after. wards was done almost unconsciously, acting under the in. stincts of self-defence. With head already bent down, I rose from my seat-wrenching up my desk, which was screwed to the floor-and then pressing forward, while my assailant continued his blows. I had no other consciousness until I found myself ten feet forward in front of my desk, lying on the floor of the Senate, with my bleeding head sapported on the knee of a gentleman whom I soon recognized by voice and manner as Mr. Morgan, of New York. Other persons there were about me offering me friendly assistance, but I did not recognize any of them. Others there were at a distance, looLing on and offering no assistance, of whom I recognized only Mr. Douglas, of Illinois, Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, and Ithought also myassailant standing between them. I was helped from the floor and conducted into the lobby of the Senate, where I was placed upon a sofa. Of- those -who helped me here I have no recollection. As I entered the lobby I recognized Mr. Slidell, of Louisiana, who retreated, but I recognized no one else until I felt a friendly grasp of the hand, which seemed to come from Mlr. Campbell, cf Ohio. I have a vague impression that Mr. Bright, president of the Senate, spoke to me while I was on the floor of the Senate orin the lobby. I make this seatement in answer to the interrogatory of the committee, and offer it as presenting completely all my recollections of the assault and of the attending circumstances whether immediately before or immediately after. I desire to add that, besides the words which I have given as uttered by my assailant, I have an indistinct recollection of the words ' old man;' but these are so enveloped in the mist w hich eraned from the first blow that I am not sare whether they were uttered or not. "On the cross-examination of Mr. Sumnert, he stated that he was entirely wgithout arms of any kind, and that he bad no notice or warning of any kind, direct or indirect, of this assault. "OIn answler to a cross-question Mr. Snnner replied that what he had said of Mr. Batler was strictly responsive to Mr. Butler's speeches, and according to the usages of Parliamentary debate." Dr. ICane is reported to have declined Lady Franklin's renewved ofer to take the command of an expedition to be sent out by her, with the assistance of the British Government, to endeavour to find the remains of Sir John Fraklin and the relics of his ship. Seven hundred Mormon emigrants had left Albany for the Salt Lake; 427 were Welsh, and the balance English and Scotch. B3y the arrival at New Orleans on the 27th ult. of the steamship Granada from Havannah on the 24th important advices had been received from Nicaragua, and two days' later intelligence from California. The steamship llinois had left Aspinwall for New York with nearly $1,800,O00 in specie on freight. The former advices report that the Costa Ricans had shipped 300 wounded from San Juan del Sur, and that their army hacd retreated from Nicaragua by land. The Costa Ricans say they were deceived in regard to the feelings of the people of Nicaragua towards Walker, and expected to be received with open arms. They were very indignant at the false representations which were made to them on the subject. It is con{irmed that the loss of the Costa Iticans at the battle of Bivas, in killed and wounded, amounted to 65~0, and that of Walker's army to about 100. noe Caifornianadvies, which are to the oth ult., kre unimportant. The mark-ets were withott any change of moment. The war a,gainst the Indians m Oregon and WVashington territories was being prosetuted with vigour, and the Indian3 had met with several defeats. In} M.ariposa county a party of Americs had murdered 20 Mexicans and Chilians the pretext being that some- Americans had been killed by Chilians. The Americans had ordered all the Chinese, Mexicans, Chilians, and Peruvians to leave the country. The volunteers against the Indians complained badly of lack of rations and neglect in the coinmissariat department. The intelligence from Kansas reports the breaking out of civil war, and confirms the news of the destruction of the town of Lawrence. The hotel, two printing-offices, and Governor Robinson's house, in Lawrence, had been destroyed and two Free State men shot. General Pomeroy surrendered all the arms in his possession withouit resistance. Governor Robinson was in prison at Lecompte. General Pomeroy was at liberty at Lawrence. The St. Louzis BepucWian of the 26th ult. announces the return of Messrs. Robinson, Schuyler, and Conway, under charge of the territorial authorities. An extra had been issued in Kansas City, from the BMtcrprise-office, which says that Jones took about 20 men into Lawrence, aud at his demand General Pomeroy surrendered all the rifles and cannon he could get, which were stacked in the streets. Jones then requested Eldridge to move his fiuniture from the hotel; but he delinino, to do so a posse entered it and carTied most of it"into the street. Jones gave express orders that no private property should be injured, and particularly that Governor Robinson's house should not be touched; but, after aportion of the posse had left, the house was burnt. During the excitement one man was shot, and another Thlled by the falling bricks from the walls of the hotel. Jones gave Pomeroy a receipt for ai the rifles and cannon. The New York Tribune, commenting upon these proceedings, says it fears that " General Pomeroy, one of the bravest and niost energetic of the Free State leaders, has been murdered by the ruffians ;" and adds- " Thus the first act in Douglas's drams of subduing and crushing out the opponents of slavery in Kansas has been brought to a successful close. To Pierce's Kansas Message of last winter and the corresponding action in the Senate is the scene of wide-spreaddevantationwhich the il-fatedireitory nowpre sentsjustly attributable. The borderrufflanshave been assured by the iFederal lDxecutive and Senate, backed by the united South and the D)emocratic press of the North, that those who resisted the ncts of their Missouri-made Legislature at the Shawnee mission shobldetreated asrebeisby the Government and dragooned into abject submission. It was a Marshal of the United States who led the ruffian regiment into lawrence; it was by vitue of process issued by the Federal Judge at Leconpte that the Free Stste resistance has been paralyzed and the demoniac work completed. So ends the 3irst act in the great tragedy of enslaving Kansas. Where will the curtain rise on the next?' The C7lic4go Tribune, on the authority of three men, directly from Lawrence, publishes the following particulars : " These persons state that a company of mounted men made their appearance near Lawrence on Wednesday, the 21st, where they halted until reinforcements had increased their numbers to 400 men. They bore flags and banners vith various mottoes and devices, but no United States' ilag. Durin.theforenoontheCommitteeof Public Safetyof lLawrence deapstched a messenger with a note to Marshal Donaldson, who headed the force, assuring him that the citizens wrould makre no resistance to any process he might wish to serve, and asking protection for their lives and property. The Marshal made no reply, but at 11 o'clock; he sent a deputy-marshal, with a posse of 10 men, into the town. The depaty summoned four of the eitizens to assist in making arrests, and took G. W. Dietzler and G. W. Smith prisoners. The deputy-marshal having thus tested the willingness of the cdtizens to respect hsis autbority, went vwith his po0sse to the Free State Hotel and dined, af ter which they removed the prisoners without molestation. Soon after this Sheriff Jones made his appearance with 18 men, and demanded that all the public and private arms in the towabe given up, giving thepeople five minutes to accede to his demand, and threatening, in case of refusal, to storm the town. He did not attempt to make anyarrests, but said he came for the purpose of obtaining the arms. One fieldpiecewasgiven upin answerto his demand, butthecitizernsrefused to surrender their private arms. Jones then left, and in half an hour after returned with an overwhelming force and two pieces of artillery, with which he commenced cannonading the Free-State H7otel and the cHrald of Frcedom printing-office. The inhabitants commenced leaving the town, and the informnants of the Chicaeo lTriunc also left before the work of destructionwascomplete; but the hotel was burnt, and the press and type of the feral of Freedgou destroyed before their departure, rad they had pro ceeded bnt about 15 miles whea (at S o'clock in the evening) they saw a large volume of smoke and a great light in the direction of Lawrence, and they have no doubt of the destruction of the towsn." In reference to this subject advices fromn Washi-ngton state thlat preparations were makidng by the Government to put down the Freesoilers by force. It is reported from Texas that a terrific hurricane had passed over a portion of Dallas county. Its course was from north to south, a distance of 16 miles, extending from east to west 200 or 300 yards, I being included. The traLct over which it swept was completely devastated. lYinepersons were killed, F and a great number wounded. The loss of stock of all kinds was very serious, iThe New York commnercial advices report that in i the money and stock markets no important change bad taken place. The course of the latter has been influenced chiefly by rumours from Washington relative to the contemplated dismissal of the British Minister and the fear that such action onthepart of the United States' Government might lead to a suspension of diplomatic intercourse, and thus render more difficult the settlement of the existng differences between the two countries. A feeling of <uncertainty, engendered by the contradictory character of these rumours, had imparted a feverish tone to the market, and reduced business, except in a few speculative stocks, to a very limited amnount. During the last few days more confidence had been exhibited, and prices had a sustained upward tendency, without, however, any material advance, or marked increase in the amount of transactions. This improvement was apparently due to the growing ease in the money,market, the satisfactory character of the recent bank reports, and the deCine in the rates of foreign ex:change. In State stocks the business has been ,enerally small andthefluctuationsunimportant. In tailsoad Bo0nds transactions have also been limited. The fact that the money-market was easier indicates that capitalists do not anticipate any serious trouble as the result of the present differences -with England. Th,e current quotations were 6 to7 per cent. on call, and 7' to 10 per cent, for mercantile paper, according to maturity. The bank statement for the week was decidedly favourable, showringq a decrease of upwards of half a million in loans, which makes a contraction of about five millions since the policy of a contraction was resolved upon, some four or six weeks ago. There had also been a large gain of $1,053,792 in the specie reserve. This exlibit had exercised a favourable influence in the "street." The June payments to be made by the Government, amounting, in the aggregate to about $12,000,000, will swell the specie reserves materially, and make the supply of unemployed capital still more plentiful than it is at present. In exchange the business had not been large, and prices closed flatly at the following quotations:-Bills on London, 9t5 to 9s per cent. premium ; Paris, &c., 5f. 17-c. to 5f. 16c. 60 days; and 5f. 12Mc. short sigght. The cotton-mairet ruled quiet, and under the influence of the Baltic's advices prices were Ac. easier. The decline did not lead to any increased business, Holders, however, seemed unwilling to yield for the present, and the market closed unsettled. The southern cotton-markets had all declined. The busi- ness done had been principally for Great Britain. For flour there had beeh a good demand for State and Western for export, in part to France; and with a small stock and moderate receipts common and medium grades had advanced 121c. Within the last few weeks several large sales are said to lha-vebeen made on speculation, in anticipation of an increased demand on the other side. Canada flour was in good request, and the mark-et remained steady. The wheat-market was a shade dearer, iith a brisk demand for export, and a fair home inquiry. In provisions, with the exception of mess pork, which was selling at an advauce of $1, there was no change. Scotch pig-iron had become quite dull, and the sales were only in a small -way, at $32 to $32 50c., six months; invoices cannot be quoted over $31. In freights ther-e was no noticeable change.
- ALAMERICA AMD BF2ATfAKD. To THI EDITOR OF THEE TIMES. - Sir,-Willyou l!olw, with your accustomed " fair play," NTew Englander, just am °d in Old England, to express his ViewS on some of tbe questiosw at issoe between the two countries, and on some apparentm.6Sr , xndings pre_ Talent among your people! Itis evide Sir, thatMng zocety is anytbing but favourable just now to Amncia. Even as a slranger I hear rebukes of our sins oa every side. Still publc opinion in England is just, and I am sure " the other side" wil be listened to. The tone prevailing on the recruit ng question is the most remtrableto a haeerican. The feeling seems to be that of a courteous gentleman, wIo, hasunwittingly injured his neighbour, and finds, a*fer an apology, with injured feelings, that his excuse is not accepted. America, of coarse, is the bully, 'who has notthe courtesy to understand a gentleman's apology. Now, Sir, high-toned and edifying as such a position may be on the part of the English Government, wo sab-it that facts hadly bear it out. It comes before an American very much as if a gentleman hac sent a servant into a neighbour's garden with intructions to get fruit, if possible by the owner's consent; but, if not, by means which should not be strictly illegal, and the servant should commit a larceny; and then the gentleman, after a courteous apology, should be surprised and hurt that his neighbour did not consider the apology sufficient. Tho .atertmightvery justly say that the instructions to the servant not to violate the law were of no account; he ought never to have been sent there. The act was an offenco and an insult, and the only saitable apologywas the punishment of the agent. And, as for the high tone of offended courtesy at the excuse not being received, it was an extremely ingenios transference of the o7rus delicti to the wrong party. So the case looks to us-the Aimericans. There is not a difference of opinion from Maine to California on the question; and I think you must admit, considering the unanimity of feeling in the States, that a gross violation had been committed, both of municipal law and of national courtesy, that the correspondence was conducted, anal the steps wvere taken by the Anerican CAbinet, with greatmoderationand courtesy. Certainly the insulting language of Lord Clarendon with reference to " IriA agitations," and "despoticmeasures," wereneverinanylike mauner responded to by Mr. lMarcy. It is a fact, furthermore, that the British agents, even after the apology of your Cabinet, stil continued an underhanded mruiting in. our cities, as you will see fronm the facts presented in the trials at New York and Philadelphia; so that the 'whole prceed. ing-both the conduct of the instruments and the instractions of the principals-have awakeneda prfound distrust among our people of the good faith of the English 0Gvernment towards America. If you will imagine, Sir, by some misfortune, a war arising between France and the United. States, and a similar effort to be made in secresy by our Government in Ireland and Scotland to obtain recruits, yoe will at once see how the attempt appeared to our people. There was a species of underhanded proceeding, and, at the same time, of dissregard to comity in it, which certainly offended them. With reference to Mr. Walker's adventures and ambitious plans in Central America, andthe Presideat's acluowledgment of his Governmentas aGovernment dcfacto, severaI things should be considered. 3mr. Walker, 'whatever be his principles or objects, itis not strictly a zilibuster. He is an ambitious adventurer, 'who has been called in by one oppressed part of the population under one of those wretched Spanish-American Governments to free theum from the tyranny of the other. His position has been obtained, and his first army 'was equipped with scarcely any American aid. He was supported by a large majority of the people of Nicaragua. The most legitimate and thorough efforts were made by our Government to prevent emigration of armed parties from New York, New Orleans, and San Francisco tojoin him in his contests. Of course, nothing can prevent individuals, who have the means, fromn emigrating from our large cities to any other country. It was the more difficult in this case, as Walker, with much forecast, offered every immigrant a certain number of acres from the public lands, thus giving each a fair pretence of emigration. However, Walker's success has, thus far, been mostly gained by his own skil; he has received but little direct heltp from the States. He is an adventurer of vast ambition, and may ultimately conquer an empire from those weak Spanish States; but there is no probability, if he did, that it would be annexea to the American Union. We are not responsible for Walker's crimes, and do not wish to share in the ill-gotten gains. Walker himself, too, would probably never desire to be a mere appendix of our Union. The recognition of his Government by the President, I donot heaitate to say, is condemned by the beat portion and the larger portion of our citizens, as hasty, injudicious, and subjecting us to just suspicions from European Governments It is a sudden move of a man whose term of office .s just ending, and who hesitates at no means to secure a re-election. It has failed, however; and the tone of our press shoWs that, in trying to Win tho votes of our adventirous classes, the President has lost those of the whole Conservative and Libe al class. It is unfortunate, Sir, that one peculiarity of our affais is not better understood in England, and that is, that our dip?onuuts and public men do not necessarily at all represent the people of the Union. As you have intimated, Mr. Buchanan mn. have his own private political objects in his residence in England; the President or the Secretary of State may hold language which is directed to one audience, while meant for another. The wave of opinion which bore these men to office may now have entirely subsided, and their words may only represent the sentiments of a petty clique. I assure you, Sir, tnat just at present a message of Presideit Pierce has no more moral weight in America than would amessagefrom the Lord Mayor ofLondonin England Yet these men have power, and before we, the people on both sides, can interfere, they and their rivals hero mar have said words and opened measures which it would be difficult to take back. My own impression is that on both sides of the Atlantic the press is far stronger than the Government. A speech fromLord Palmerston oraletterfrom Lord Clarendon, however irritating to our vanity,'would bc readby butfew inthe United States; but one of your leaders, copied in a hundred forms, will pass through every logcabin and village and town of the whole country. This fact should malke all associated with tho press of either country most careful of their utterances. They, in fact, hold the destiny of peace and war in their hands. If your Cabinet conducts affairs with discretion, and your press shows a considerate anad candid regard of the many internal evils which at present afflict the States, and almost shut out the co-operation of the wise and good in our public matters, there is no danger of war. We have our hands full at home. The most fearful questions are pressing upon ms, bringing us even to the verge of civil war; and there is not the slightest disposition, except with disappointed politicians, for any foreign contests. With much respect, yours. &*.. A NEW ENGLAINE.L
)ALW E Aiiicnmi-s COXCERT.-The anniual concert-or rather musical file c7hapftir-which Madama Amichini is accustomed to offer to her friends ani tbe publio took place yesterday afternoon at Campden. bouse, the residence of Colonel and Mr Petrie Waugh. There was a brilliant and fashionable audience-far too many, indeed, to find accommodation ffithin the beautiful little theatre which forms so prominent a feature in the interior of Campden-house. The fine weather, however, made everything pleasant; and those who could not, obtain access to the theatre listened to the distant strains of melody in the lobbies and spacious rooms of the mansion-or strolled in the gardens where the band of the Poyal Horse Guards played military music before and after the concert. The programnme which Madame AnichinI had prepared for the entertainment of her patrons was as varied and attractive as on any previous oocason. Her own share in it was, as usual, modest. She introduced one solo, took part in two duets, a trio, and two folE concerted pieces-viz., the quintet from Niedermvyer's opera of Marie Stuarf, and theff:'naci to the prologue of Lucrcriua Borgi<. Her solo, hovever,-a graceful dzn.Onnette of Martini, entitled "Plaisir d'Asour"-ws so chamnly anug as to make sli the audienco regret that it shoula be her only one. The duets were, "Dite ill giovaneal from the Trariata of Verdi (with Signor abatta), and "' Si la Stancheza," from the same composer's m rovatorc (with Herr Peichardt). The other singers were Madame Anedei, whose rich conwralto was heard to advantage in an air from Tortato Torasso; Signors Sslviani and Bene. ventano (from Her Majesty's Theatre), whose most effective displays were, respectively, in " Ange si pur," from La Ea, worita, and - "l balen," fromthe TrotVaire; IL Jules l.efort, who gave one of his popular French chansons dc salon with his accustomed spirit; Herr Reichardt, who sang Blumenthal's characteristic romance, "LeePapllon," accompanied on thepianoforte by Mr. Benedict; Mr. wift, who sang "aI. miA litLzia" (Verdi) with a sentiment and feeling worthy of better music; Herr Pischekl, who gave the familiar liod, "IMJein herz ist am Rhein," with romantic fervour, and being loudly called back to the piano, substituted the equally familiar " Standard-bearer." Madame Henderson, who sng an air by Mozart, and with Signors Ciabatta, Bnrdini and the rest assisted in the snorceautx d'enc.mblc. The instrument1l part of the programme was highly effective. There wa a new Italian pianist, Signor Andreoli, and a new Italian violinist, Signor Sigichel1i, who both played fanias, after the modern Krawura style in a remarkably skilful and brilliant manner; while Signor Boeetti. first clarinet at. Her Majesty's Theatre, was hardly less sucoessful in a solo for the - clarinet contralo" (so caled), comp~osed by himself- and Mademoiselle Louise Chrstine played Godefroid's "l1 ?5ens des Sylphe5" on the harp, idith great applause. MM. Vera, Pilotti, and Benedict-were thei |accompanists Signor Vera had bya g:eat desl theErvib do, and acquitted himself with gemiiao ability.
FRANCE. (F0EOUR OWN CORRESONDZET.) PAPRIS, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 6 p.v. Austria and the Italian Governments are doing their utmost, it appears, to establish the belief that Piedmont intends to provolke a revolutionary moveraent in. the Peninsula, and their organs declare that such, and sucn only, was the secret aim of Count Cavour in bringing before the Paris Congress the Italian question. No Power has less right than Austria to protest against interference on the part of Piedmont in the admniistration of the Italian States. Since 1849 Austria herself has done little else than intervene both in the internal and external affairs of the Peninsula. M. de Buol may declaim *n the benevolent and disinterested intentions of his Government towards Italy, but neither at Turin nor anywvhere else is the slightest credit attached to suich declarations; the manceuvres and the bad faith of Austria are too well known for it to be otherwise. Every one is aware that if au insurrectionary movement break out on any poinit whatever of the Peninsula it is exclusively Owing to the domination of Austria herself, to the vicious administration of the clergy, and the stupid and sanguinary cruelties of King Ferdinand of Naples, and not to Piedmont, whose wish and whose policy evidently are to prevent a convulsion by denouncing to Europe the dangers of the present state of aflairs. The Sardinian C-overnment exercised its rights as a European Power, and as an Italian State of no contemptibIe influence, in what it has done. It -was in the interest of its own preservation that it called the attention of the Congress to a question which still menaces a violent solution, if the Powers persist in declining a pacific one. Should the former take place the responsibility belongs to any one rather than to the King of Sardinia. It is not at the moment when Piedmont has issued from a war vhich she undertook with her allies in the cause of order in Europe that she ouglht to be charged with exciting disorder around her. Austria and her agents in Italy attribute great importance to the treaty of the 15th April, and appeal to it, and to the reception given to the Archduke MIaximilian in Paris, as a proof of the intimate alliance existing between Austria and France. It does not appear that in Italy an excessive importance is attached to these circulmstances. Coutm Cavour, for instance, does not appear to be overcredulous wvith regard to this alleged alliance. It is certain that he expresses himself in private -and in public in the most favourable terms of the conduct of the Emperor Napoleon, and he conceals from no one his entire confidence in his intentions towards Italy. This language of the Piedmontese.5Minister, who had excellent opportunities of judging of the character of that Sovereign, and who, -with his usual sagacity, interpreted his viewvs, has exercised a remarkable influence on the press of Piedmont, which is generaUy favourable to the Imperial policy; and therefore the Piedmon-tese pay little regard to the demonstrations, more in appearance than in reality, of which the Au-strian Archdike was the object in Paris. The following letter has been received from Vienna, dated the 5th:- " Letters which I have just received from Kiacheneff state that the Russians are pushing on very actively the evacuation of the portion of Bessarabia destined to be detached from the Russian territory. At this momllen t there remains at Ismail only a garrison of 150 men. The Russian flotilla is disarmed, and is about to be taken to the Don, and the guns are in course of removal from Reni. The terrible brigandage by -which Hungary is ravaged, and especially the districts near Croatia, has obliged the Government to pro-claim martial law and to send thither large bodies of troops The number of forged bank-notes, particularly those of 10 Ireutzers, is so great in Transylvania as to have literaUy paralyzed business at the fair of Kronstadt." A letter from Frankfort, of the 7th inst., says " I aluded lately to a rumour respecting the nomination of a representative from the Court of Turin to the Diet The rumour would appear to be wel founded, as I learn that M. de Barral, former CounciUlor of the Sardinian Lega. tion in Paris, is expected here in a few days to represent his Government both at the Diet and at the Grand Dacal Court of Hesse Darrmstadt. It will be the first act of courtesy on the part of the Court of Turin towvards the Court of St. Petersburg, the present Empress of Russia being a Princess of Darmstadt. The Empress Dowager of Russia, mith her suite, composed of 70 persons, is expected here on the 15th ist." The saint who is believed to superintend the state of the atmosphere at this critical season of the year, and the arrival of whose anniversary is looked forward to wvith so much anxiety and apprehension, has been singularly propitious. St. M6dard-the St. Si-ithin of France-wrhose fdte this is, has taken pity on the suffering husbandmaii. If it rainis on the 8th of June, it is sure to rain for 40 days with hardly any inteLmission ; and, after the recent inundations, which have laid immense tracts of country waste, and made thousands homeless and destitute, you will easily suppose that water is not what -we want. For the last two or three days a favourable change has come oii, and this day we have an unclouded sky and a brilliant sun. The subscriptions deposited in the Treasury for - the relief of the victims of the inundations amounted last evening to 354,324f.; those collected by the Prefecture of Police to 740,027f.; those received by the Constitetiouncl to 85,597f. ; by the Siecle to 39,000f., &c. At Lyons the private subscriptions down to Friday evening produced 358,300f., independently of 125,000f. voted by the Municipal Council of the city. The Emperor goes to Plombieres some day between the 20th and 25th. Hle takes with him four of the officers of the household and 50 other persons, including servants, cooks, &c. A part of the furniture has been already despatched. He intends remaining absent about three -weeks or a month, durng which the Empress w ill remain at St. Cloud. Cardinal Patrizi, who is to represent the Pope at tle baptism of the Imperial infant, arrives here tonorrow afternoon. It appears that his Eminence met at Marseilles a moat brilliant reception. Three rounds, fired from the top of Notre Dame de la Garde, gave notice of the approach of the steam corvette Du Chayla, on board of which his Eminence had embarked at Civita Vecchia, and a salute of 21 guns announced his entrance into the port. Baron Feuillet de Conches, MIaster of the Ceremonies, sent by the Emperor to receive the Legate and accompany him to Paris; Monsignor Sacconi, Archbishop of Nicea, the Apostolic Nuncio; the Bishop of Marseilles, the Prefect of the department, and General Carondelet, repaired on board the vessel to welcome the Prelate. All theshipping in the harbour was dressed with flags. The Legate landed at La Canebibre, where the authorities were assembled and carriages were waiting. The Bishop andNuncio having left for the Church of St. MAartin to make the necessary preparations for the reception of his Eminence, the co-ge began to move, and proceeded by the Canebiere and the Cours to the Cathedral. It was opened by detachments of Gendarmes and Lancers; next came the carriages of the agent of the Department of Foreign Affairs, of the Roman Consul, of the Presidents of the Tribunal and ChaimberofCommerce,ofthePresidentof theTribunal of First Instance and the Attorney-General; of the Mlayor and of the Bishop; General Carondelet on horseback and his staff; the carriage of the Prefect; an Imperial outrider; the Pontifical crossbearer, mounted on a white horse led by two footmen; the carriage of the Legate and of the Master of the Cere- monies or the Eniperor; the carriage of the prelates of the Legate's suite; and a body of Cuirassiers closed the procession. The Bishop received the Cardinal Legate at the gate of the Cathedral under a canopy, and after the relgious ceremony his Eminence was conducted in the same order to the Episcopal Palace, when the persons forming the cortege who had not yet been presented were introduceji -to him by the Master of the Ceremonies. The 4.rdinal was to leave Marseilles yesterday morning, a-d to arrive in the evening at Lyons, where apartnsnts had been prepared for him and his suite at the Archbishopric. He was to remain on Sunday at Lyons, and to start for Paris on Monday morning. The journal Le Nord, established at Brusselsduring the war for the protection of Russian interests, his been prohibited in the Austrian dominions. AUSTRIA. (FROM Our OWVN CORPrESFOWDMZN-T.) VIENNA, Ju3r 5. The only local news worth mentioning is that the episcopal conferences will be at an end in 10 days or a fortnight. Austria is resolved to go through "thick and thin " with the Papal chair, and the concordat will be carried out to the very letter. I Yesterday there was a sitting of the Concordat Commission, which lasted four hours, and it is said that there was little or no difference of opinion between the temporal and spiritual advisers of His Majesty the Emperor. The unjustifiabIe conversion of the 10 per cent. tantiete of the founders of the Austro French Rail. road Company into a capital of 44,000 shares has produced a perfect panic among the private speculators in Austrian railway shares. The company avers that Baron Bruck, the Minister of Finance, "approved of the plan beforehand, because he could not prevent its realization," but this could not have been the case, as the last paragraph of the statutes runs thus:- "The State will exercise its right of superintendence by meaus'of an Imperial Commissioner, whoso duty it will be to examine into the administration of the affairs of the company. He will have to seo that the company does not orerstep the limits of its concession and the stipulations of the statutes, and also to take care that it exactly observes she general regulations." Paragraph 45 of the statutes grants to thefounders 10 per cent. of the net proceeds during 90 yearsafter 90 per cent. has been deducted for the payment of the dividends on the shares. The Administrative Council has besides a claim to a share in the surplus of the annual net proceeds. In the opinion of two or three financiers who have retired from business, "the founders of the Austro-French Railroad Company have lost all claim to the confidence of the public." The more respectable of the Vienna papers lash them unsparingly, but the 18,000,000fl. which they have pocketed make them indifferent to public opinion. The Austrian corps of occupation in MIoldavia has begun to move, and a part of it is marching towards the Oitosch pass on the frontiers of Transylvania. On the 19th May the international commission for the regulation of the Bessarabian. frontier held its first meeting. The persons present were-for Turkey, Dervish and Muchlis Pashas; for Russia, General Fonton, Baron Stackelberg, and the Russian Consul Cola; for France, Colonel Besson; for England, Colonel Stanton; and for Austria, Colonel Kalik. After a few preliminary sittings the commission wiU leave for the neighbourhood of the Sasik Lake. Aali Pasha is expected to arrive here towards the end of the week. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTr.) TURIN, Ju.r 4. No doubt the Constitution of Piedmont, which admits of open discussion and free expression of opinion, is a great embarrassment for Austria, as her flourishing condition and increasing trade are a perpetual reproach to Austrian rule in the neighbouring territory, where all progress is thwarted and all enterprise damped, for fear too much prosperity might induce demands for liberty incompatible with the relationship which the house of Hapsburg thinks should exist between Sovereign and subject; but the Austrian Government must be duU indeed of apprehension if it has not discovered by this time that it will no longer be countenanced by the European Powers in its system of repression. You have been made aware within the last fortnight of the answers given to Prince Windischlgratz at Berlin, and Baron fllbner at Paris, by the Governments of Prussia and France, regarding Austrian pretensions in Italy, and now I am positively assured that a similar remonstrance to that made to the French Government respecting the tone of recent debates in the Sardinian Parliament was addressed to the English Government, and that the reply which Sir Hamilton Seymour was instructed to deliver to the Vienna Cabinet was precisely the same as that given by Count Walewski to Baron Hilbner at Paris. The spirit of this reply has been communicated to the Sardinian Government by HIer Majesty's Minister here, Sir James Hudson, accompanied, as in the case of the French AMiister's announcement, with assurances of friendship of the most cordial nature. If after these repeated rebuffs the Government of Vieina does not perceive the necessity of modifying its institutions to meet the wants of modem times,it must be that it is determined to risk all on its alliance with Rome, whereby it has constituted itself the champion of everything calculated to keep people in darkness andignorance. TheEmperor of Austrial when he signed the concordat no doubt reckoned much on the moral support of Rome to enable him to maintain the despotic form of government, but he can hardly help seeing now that in thus linking the fortunes of his Government with the Power which never will, and never can, change, he has forfeited the confidence of other Governments, who have transferred their faith to the King of Sardinia, and wvho regard Sardinian policy as the conservator of peace in Italy and the real barrier against a repetition of the acts of 1848. A letter received from Mi.lan this morning says a camp of exercise has been formed at Barlassina, about midway between 3Monza and Como, and others were talked of, but none yet formed. The conscription in Lombardy is being carried out this year with extraordinary strictness; married men and only sons, who are usually exempt in peace, are all obliged to serve. Official persons, from M. Birger downwards, grow yellow at the bare mention of Piedmont; at the same time the general feeling is so Piedmontese that the writer, who is of the Moderate party, and has always been a fusionist through good report and through evil report, declares he is now looked upon as a lukewarm supporter of Piedmont. The same letter mentions that the Bishop3 assembled in Congress at Vienna have been taxed to the amount of 7,000f. each for the building of the new church in commemoration of the Emperor's escape from assassination, and that the Archbishop of I Milan, who is heavily in debt already, is to be rated still higher, though the sum is not yet settled. Letters from the Romagna g,ive a frightful account of the state of society there. Brigandage had arrived at such a pitch that it was dangerous to go two or three miles from a town even in the daytime. The Gendarmes only occupy themselves about political offenders, and several young men have, in consequence, been lately arrested at Cesena for meeting together, while hig,hwaymen and brigands are allowved to purse their evil practices with impunity. General B3roglia, Inspector of Cavalry, and a Senator of the Kingdom, has been selected to attend the coronation at Moscow as representative extraordinary of the Sardinian Government. He mill be accompanied by a numerous staff. It has been reported here the last two or three days that the Ministry of War had been offered again to General della Marmora, but that hehesitated from personal motives to accept it, and Ibelieve thematter is still undecided. It was the intention of the Government on this occasion to carry out a scheme which has long been contemplated and is much to be desired-viz., to separate the Marine from the Military Department, and, should General della Marmora accept the Portfolio of War, that of the Marine wFill be given to General Durando. The treaty or convention for the loan of a second million, on acoount of the war expenses, by the English to the Sardinian Government was signed here yesterday by Count Cavour and Sir James Hudson. The only news from Parma, besides the ordinary intelligence of arrests and imprisonments, is the official resignation of Prince Soragna, who had been named president of the special commission for the trial of the persons accused of the late attempts at* assassination. As no power was confided to that commission, which was, in fact, only appointed to relieve the Austrian General of some responsibility the Prince probably thought the service rather, dangerous than honourable, and therefore officially resigned a duty which never was virtually assigned him. _ _ _ THE DE;az c or KAns.-RSAMsoATE, Monday.- At a public meeting this day of the inhabitants of Ransgate, of which place Colonel Lake is anative, it was resolved unanimouly td prcsent that gallant officer with a sword of the value of 100 guineas for his distinguished services at Ears;
[HE AGRICULTURAL SHOW AT PARIS. (rFOM OU AGIOMTURAI M .) [The following appeared in our second edition of yeg. terday :-] PARIS, JUNiE 8. The interesting part of the business of the showyard, in the way of buying and selling, has now begun, and, although there is to be a public sale of the stock exhibited at the conclusion of the show, purchawrs are busy selecting stock, and in some breeds which are much ran upon every cow that is for sale has already been bespoke. Of the English stock eight bulls aud 14 cows of the Durham breed have been sold, two bulls and seven cows of the Alderney, two bulls and 20 cows of the Ayrshire, two bulls and two cows of the polled Scots, and one Kerry cow. None of the Herefordc, Devons, or West Highland cattle are yet marked as sold. Amoig the foreign stock the greatest demand is for the Swiss breed, of which sii bulls and 37 cows have been sold, and the beautiful little breed of Breton cows, which are said to be every one sold. Seven cows and one bull of the Holland breed are disposed of. The Emperor has already made several purchases at good prices. For a Charrolaise cow he pays S01., and for another of the same breed 621. ]Os. A small Breton cow has been bought for him at 161., and an offer of about 701. was refused for a little Breton bull. Two Tyrolese cows have been bought for him at 221. and 251. respectively; twvo Swiss 'ows (Fri. burg) at 60 and 80 guineas each; an Ayrshire cow at 901.,'and a bull at 751. Of the polled Angus breed, Mr. IM'Combie's two cows have been sold at 1651. and 1101. respectively; Air. Watson's bull at 801. Three cows of this breed go to Bohemia, at prices of from 401. to 451. each. The first prize Ayrshire cow was sold by Sir Al. S. Stewart for 1001., to go to Spain. These are all of which I have learnt the price, but none of the first prize short-horns, Herefords, or Devons are included in the list. The stock shown by the Emperor are classed by themselves, and do not enter into competition with any other stock in the show. They comprise Durhams and Ayrshires, of the pure English breed, and the produce of several crosses, chiefly between the Devon and native breeds. Both the Durham and Ayrs are very good specimens of their respective breeds, while some of the crosses are extremely in. teresting, as illustrating the rapid improvement which may be thus effected in the native breeds of a country. There are Devon-Salers, which are very like pire Devons; Darham-Bretons, wlhich might pass for a handsome small breed of short-horns; and Devon-Nantaise, as a rather coarse but strong style of Devons. It is proper that I should here briefly describe or rather name the various foreign breeds of cattle exhibited to whlich reference has not already been made. These are the large coarse Norman cattle, black and brown in lines, which come early to a large size, but for a year or two afterwards seem to make little progress. This is a characteristic of most of the large foreign breeds. At 12 months old, and as shown here, they are quite equal in size to our Durhams of the same age; but after that period they do not seem to progress like ours. This is, no doubt, partly because they are not fed in the same continuous manner, and partly also because they are intended to come into use for a certain time as beasts of draught. Next come the Flemish cattle, dark red, some with white faces like Herefords, and not unlike them in shape. Then the Charrolaise, a white breed, thought to be like the Durhams, but in shape morelike the Devons,though the colour is different. This is a very valuable breed of French cattle. The Gascons are of good size, and black and gray in colour. The Garronaise are a large breed of dun-coloured and rather primitive cattle. The Bazadaise are nice cattle, of a black dlin coloiur, but with badly set on tails. The Courtoise, light dun bulls, the cows light brown colour, are a good breed of cattle, though disfigured by loose skin under the neck. The Limousin, except that they are heavy below the jaw, are a very nice breed of cattle. The Salers seem a mixed coarse race, but handle well. The cattle of Loraine are a large good breed. These, with the small Bretons, already more than once noticed, comprise the breeds of French cattle exhibited. The foreign breeds, other than English, begin. with the Holland cattle, which are large fine black' and white cows, which might be advantageously introduced into England as a cross with the dairy stocks in any part of the country. Next to them are the Swiss breeds of cattle, which form one of the largest classes shown. They are of a dark dun colour, large good stock, the cows milky-looking, and well constitutioned. But they are coarse in the bone, and with backs rather low, though a'. race which by care in selection might soon be rendered very shapely and perfect. The race Du Glave are of a light dun colour, very good large stock, but with an indifferent appearance as milkers. The Bohemian are dark dun, with a light stripe along the back, and are flatribbed, unthrifty-looking cattle. The race of Hungary and Galicia are liglit gray in colour, strong, but flat-sided animals, with immense long, black, sharp-pointed horns, to which the yoke is attached when the cattle are put to work. The Jutland cattle are black and white in colour, very coarse and ugly in shape, with large heads and coarse hair. A cross with any English breed would infallibly improve this race. The Voigtland or Saxony cattle are very like small Devons in shape and colour, but with toomuch loose skin under the jaw. The cattle of the polders of Holstein are fine large wedge-shaped milch cows, red and white in colour, but somewhat high in the bone. The next department of the Cattle Exhibition is one of the most interesting to the French agriculturists, as it comprises the pure English breeds which have been introduced into and acclimated in France, and the crosses between some of the best' I English and native breeds. Of the Durham breed. there are a few very good buils and soine good cows, but none that can compare with the best English, while the majority of theem are very inferior animals. The Ayrshire bred in France are, with thle exception of three or four, very inferior, both bulls and cows. But the half-bred cattle, of which about S3 are shown, are many of them excellent. The Durham-Normands of M. Gregoire and AL. Tesni6re are first-rate cattle; the Dturham-Coteiitins of M. Dubosc and M. Dusaussay are equially good, as also are the specimers of Durham-Mlanceau, Durham-Charrolaise, and Durham-Schweitz. In all these crosses the leading characteristic is Duirham. The new breed has the kindly touch and look of the Durham, without having lost the best qualities of the native race, and the union of the two has produced a better animal than either of the parent races. In the Durham-Cotentin especially the indications of beef and milk are found more strongly developed than in eitlher of the pure breeds. In this class the only crosses with English cattie shown are with Durhams. There are other crosles between native races,andbetween native and foreign breeds not English, but not in one instance do they show a good bull of any cross except the Durham; but as cows for dairy purposes none of the crosses exhibited can be compared to the HollandNormand. The influence of the Holland in developing the milking qualities of the animal is very strikingly shown in two cattle which stand next each other, the one a Holland-Normand, the other ta Norman-Holland. Taking 20 as the standard of perfection in milk and beef, the first would represent 19 of milk and 15 of beef, and the second exactly the reverse, 19 of beef andl 15 of milk. We nave no doubt whatever, from the examples both - of the pure breed and crosses shown at this Exhibition, that the best Iolland bulls might be tried with great advantage to improve our English breed of dairy cattle. We now come to the sheep department, which has been too long left without notice. The Englisl breeds are placed first, and certainly not without reason,for, excepting one peculiar racefrom Holstein, the foreigner cannot attempt competition with u3 in sheep, in so far as the preduction of mutton is concerned. There are 60 Leicesters shown, nearly all by English breeders. Mr. George Turner takes the highest prize, on this occasion beating Mr. Sanday, and no small victory is it, for the two animals are each so excellent, and so near in point of qualty, that none but good judges could d-e. cide which was best. Mr. Sanday, Mr. Turnier, andc Mr. George Hope take the prizes in ewes. We haie' not learnt the names of the prize-winners in Cotswolds, but should select the sheep of MYr. Beale Browne for that distinction. A long-woolled sheep, shown in this class by Brr. King Harian of Ireland, is a remarkable animal for size and quality. Mr. Druce's Down-Ootswolderosses unite the colour and appearance of Downs with the size of Cotswolds. But here, as everywhere else, the breed of sheep that attracts most attention is the beautiful Southdown. Nothing' can exceed the perfect synunetry of Jonas Webb's sheep, combined with their length of bo'dy, livelness, and active constitution. Mr. Webb shows 12 sheep, any of them good enough to take a first prize. By some accident, as if to show the'force of contrast, a French exhibitor has p laced his sheep between those of Mr. Webb, to wvhiclithey serve as an excellent foil. Mr. Rigden shows vey good 3heep, as also does the Prlncess Bacciocchi. For the Cheviot sheep Mr. Carruthers takes the first prize; M'r. Brydon, Mr. Borthwick, and Mr. D. Home showing also excellent specimens of this hardy and useful breed. Of the black-faced breed there are 40 specimens, the Duke of Hamilton and Lady Charlotte Menzies being among the exhibitors. The lotwhich we most admired in this class were the 13 months' old sheep shown byMr. Allan PolloL; Of the foreign breeds we do not feel ourselves competent to speak They are not pleasing to an English eye, but the quality of the Merimo wool, and the peculiar management to which the various races are subjected, on account of the climate to wvhich they are exposed in the central States of E urope, have no doubt moulded the breeds to suit the circumstances of their position. Austria is the largest exhibitor of foreign sheep, she having sent 130 specimens of her various races. Almost every exhibitor is a Prince, a Baron, or a Count, the small proprietor or large farmer being a class hardly known in the Empire of the Kaisers. Prince Ferdinand Kinski of Vienna shows a specimen of Negretti sheep, sprung from the Merino breed, imported from Spain in 1806, and which have since been kept very pure and- are highly valued, though they yield little more than 2 lb. of wool each. There are ma ny excellent specimens of English breeds raised in France, both Leicester, Cotswold, and Southdown. The Mermno crosses are uniformly best with the eicester ram. With the CotswoId they are thin and leggy, and with the *Soutlidown too smalL. As the Durham blood seems of all the English races to have the best effect in crossing with the native French cattle, so does the LJeicester blood with the French sheep. There is one remarkable breed of foreign sheep, white-faced and long-woolled, from the polders of Holstein, which deserves special mention. The ewes every year produce four or five lambs each, and, as the pasture on which they feed is extremely rich, they rear the whole of their lambs without assistance. Besides this large crop of lambs, they yield 18 lb. to 20 lb. of wool, and their flesh is said to be of good quality. This is probably the largest a:nd most prolific race of sheep in the world. . The poultry department is the noisiest of the show. A hundred cocks seem to he all crowing at each other, and some,_ from their husky voices, have evidently crowed themselves hoarse. But, despite the noise, the poultry exhibition deserves and receives a great deal of attention. Nowhere can better poultry be met with at the table than in France, where, in one shape or another, it seems to form a moiety of all the meat consumed. This class therefore forms, most properly, a leading object, of encouragement by the Emperor, who has assigned to it nearly 10,000f. in prizes. Mr. Baker, of B}eaufort-street, Chelsea, takes several of the first prizes for white Cochin Chinas, brown Cochin Chinas, and Brahumapootvas. The Comtesse de Flahaut takes also several first prizes. Mr. Robert Loder, of High Beeches, near Crawley, in Sussex, takes the first prize for Dorkings; and MIr. W. Atldnson, Warwick, the first prize for the best breed of turkeys. The Exhibition breaks up sooner than we had been led to anticipate. On Tuesday the prizes are to be delivered, and immediately thereafter the animals are at the disposal of their owners for removaL
THE CORN TRADE. CORN-EXCHANGE, MAXK-LAtE. JuxE 9. The market last week was only moderately supplied, with the exception of country flour. The exports were 2,435 quarters of wheat; 72 quarters of oats; and 202 sacks of flour. Of home-grown wheat there were 6,049 quarters; of foreign, 5,S33 quarters, including the first arrival from St. Petersburg of 2,500 quarters. The morning's supply from Kent and Essex was short, and sales were readily effected at an advance of 3s. to 5s. per quarter; foreign samples participating in tho same enhancement, with a Thir amount of business. Of country flour the receipts were 15,172 sacks, with 1,308 sacks and 2,079 barrels foreign. An active inquiry existed for Norfolk, at fully 50s. per sack; and other sorts were also 3s. higher; American and Spanish being ls, to 2s. per barrd and sack dearer. Scarcely any English barley arrived, the quantity being only 271 quarters, with 1,693 quarters Danish. This grain was in request at an improvement of fully Is. per quarter. Malt remained unchanged in v-alue. The quantity of oats was limited to 9,347 quarters in allb of which 1,300 quarteri were Irish and 7,161 quarters foreign. This falling-off made a firm market for all descriptions of corn, at ls. per quarter more money. Of beans there was one small parcel from Palermo, and another cargo fronm Alexandria-together, 2,115 quarters; with 510 quarters English. Alexandrian were Is. dearer, with sales against buyers for those of home growth. Peas continue scanty, the supply being only 40 quarters; foreign boilers were held at 2s. to 3s. advance. The exports of linseed being nearly double the importsviz., 3,03S quarters against 1,757 quarters-the trade continues steady at full prices. In cloverseed, trefoil, hempseed, canary, mustard, and other descriptions of seeds, no quotable variation. account of Com aarived in London from June 2 to June 7. Shilligs per quarter. Wheat-Flssex and Kent, whito, new.. 64 to 74 extra - to 77 Ditto.red new .. .. .. 63-6S ---74 Norfolk, LIncolushire, and Yorkshire, red, new.. 62-67 - --72 Barley-MIaltin. new . 3941 Chevalier * 41 -43 Distillng * 36-39 Grinding .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 36-39 Mait- Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk .. , 73- 75 - _-81 Kingston, Ware, and tow-amade 73 - 75 --81 rowvn . 65-68 - Reo- * -40 Oats- English feed 23 - 25 Potato . 24-'27 SEdtch feed . 25-,27 Potato wbit 22 2 .o -28 *-Irishfe wh'ite.. .. .. .. 3 --25 Dittoblaclc.. 20-21 ,, - --23 Beans-Maagan 3 .- 33 Tixcks .*.. .. .. .. .. .. .. 35-3i Harrow ...... .. .... ... .. ..37-40 PesFigeon 4,.. - 41 Pcas- YWInts bofier; 4°2 -47 ayle ..40-42 Gray.. ~~~~~36 -33 Flour- Town-made,persl 2Slb.,Houselds 53 flne 62- 65 Country.£0 -51 Ditto, lousehold s.£ .. 55_ iNorfolk- and Suffolk, ox ship . 49 - £0 FOREIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Dantzic, mixed 82 to S high mised Konigsberg .. 80-S2 ..- --3 --84 xstoc1ew . .74-7. line --78 --86 American. white 66-72 red .. .. 62-66 Pomera., Meckb., and Uckennl;, red 73 782 Silesian. red.. 724 _ wite .. .. 76_77 Danish&Holstemn 60-64 .. 60-67 Odessa, St. Peters- burg,&Rigs .. 60-62 fine . 6-66 Barley-Grinding . . . 32 -36 Distilling.6- 36 Oats- Dutch, brew, and Polands . ,-25 Ditto, feed ... .22- 25 Danish and btlrodis feed . .. 22'-25 Stralsund 25 - 27 Boons- Friesland and Holstein.ST - 35 Konigsberg. 36 -39 Pens- Epn .30-31 36-38 Fine ho'ders .............. .. .. .. .. .. .. 44-46 Yellow ..32-33 Flour- Spantsb, per se,k 32-31 American, sour, per barrel (nominafl) .. . 34-36 Ditto, sweet, ditto .37 - 40 BRITISH SEEDS. Tir, winter. per bushel .T. 6d.- 8 Corlauder perct. .20-24 Caraway, per clt., n.w so - Canary. per qr. . .... 3- 60 Linseed, per qr., sowing, 63a.; enuhng 56 - 53 Calie,per ton .£3 £1310 apeseed,4erqr. .. .. *. 8. .. S3-90 per ton ..X. £ 10£?7 0 F y~~~~OREIGN SEEDS, kae. 0;S Tares, per biusbel .c. . H-pseed, per qr.-SmnaU ,56- - Dutch.. 5 Coriander, per cwi. 15 - 20 Caraway.a-2S4 i Linseed, per qr.-Baltic 53 56 Bombay. . 53- 56 Cake, Per ton . £1..0 .31 Bapeseed, Dutch pe£ 10 £3 10 Cake, perton. 87- 88 £610 £7 a
MONE,2-ABTandCITYMIGTLLIGNCE. The English funds opened this mornyg nith a buoyant appearance, consequent upon the overiand advicesfrom Melbourne of the extraordinary increase in the yield of gold and the large shipments to this country. The closing quotation on Saturiy was 931 to j ex. div., and the first trnsactions today were at 931 to 94, whence, upon the announcemient of the arrival of the Asia from New York with higher prices of American securities, and no official confirnation of the dismissal of Mfr. Crampton, a further improvement occurred, until there were buyers at 94g. From this there was scarcely any reaction, the lastofficial price being 94% to i. Consol Scrip left off at 2a to i premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94% to ; NewThreeper Cents., 94% to i; India-bonds, 2s. to 6s. prenijum; 13xchequer-bonds, 99 ; and Exchequer-bills, 5s. to Ss. premium Foreign securities were steady, and prices in some cases showed a further improvement. The operations, however, were more general than extensive. Business inTurkish Six per Cents. took place at 99g and 1- for the account; and in the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 103g and , for the account. The other bargains comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 1031; the Small, 100X; the Fourand-a-Half per Cents., New, 96k; 1luenos Ayres, 78; Chilian Six per Cents., 104; the Three per Cents., 69; Danish Three per Cents., 84; the Five per Cents., 102; Mexican, 22% for money, and 22% and i for thelaccount; Peruvian Three per Cents., 55, and I for the account; Russian Five per Cents., 108; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97-i and 982s for money ; the Small, 98a; Sardinian Five per Oents., 92k anda; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 25X and i; Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 6i and 7 per cent.; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 95% and I the corn-marxket this morning there was an advance of between 2s. and 3s. on the rates of Monday last. The telegraphic quotations of the French Three per Cents. received from the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 60c. for mnoney and 71f. 75c. for the end of the month, but the latter is evidently inaccurate. In consequence of the feeling manifested on the subject, the Lord Mlayor has called a meeting for Friday next, at the Mansion-house, for the purpose of expressing the sympathy of the people of this country for the sufferers by the inundations in France, and to aid the subscriptions nowbeing raised in Paris for theirrelief. The reports of the state of trade in the manufacturing towns during the past week show, on the whole, a tendency to dulness. At Manchester the marLet has been heavy, and there has been a gradual decrease in the amount of business. 'At Birminghamn the demand for iron has been limited, and prices are affected by the uncertainty of the American question.- The Nottingham accounts describe increased purchases-of lace for home consumption, and steady transactions, also, in hosiery. In the woollen districts there is an absence of activity, and sales have not kept pace with production. The Irish linen-markets continue to exhibit great animation, but the advices from New YorL are watched with anxiety. The news from Portugal to-day of the resignation of the Ministry, owing to the refusal of the King to create a sufficient number of peers to pass the measure they had prepared for restoring the credit of the country, created at first an unpleasant impression. It is asserted, however, that the new Cabinet comprises some of the most respectable men in the country, and that the arrangement of the foreign debt will be proceeded with. At the annual meeting of the Bank of Australasia, held to-day, M1r. 0. Farrer presiding, it was announced that the dividend and bonus payable in October will be at the rate of 20 per cent., and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that, notwvithstanding the severity of the comnmercial pressure experienced in the Australian colonies, the directors have not only been enabled to maintain thisrate of dividend, but at the same time to make an addition of 17,0001. to the balance of profit and loss account. They also intimated that- it is their desire, if possible, to uphold the dividend I at its present point, so as to render the shares a steady investment. Negotiations are in active progress - for a renewal of the charter, and every expectation is entertained of their favourable termination. The Bank has since it coinmenced business in 1835 paid in dividendsalthough there was at one period through losses a total suspension-234,0001. more than the capitaL With reference to the guarantee fund it was explained that a further appropriation of 25,0001. has been made to that account, 10,0001. of which-has been invested in Consols, and 15,0001. in Victoria Six per Cent. Debentures. Statistics were cited with the view of showing the rapid improvement in the condition-and prosperity of Victoria, and it was stated that, whereas the produce of wool in 1835 was about 5,500,0001b., it is now 50,000,0001b.,' while the revenue has gradually progressed until it has reached (including the return from land sales) 4,800,0001. With regard to the yield of gold the quantity reported in 1851 was 145,000 ounces, and in 1855 it reached 2,600,000 ounces. Subjoined is an abstract of the report -- " The directors have to submit their 22d annual report on the affairs of the bank for the financial year terminating on the 15th of October, 1855. The profit and loss account at that date stood as follows - Balance at thecredit ofprofit andlos,, 16th of October £. 1854. 5 .. .. .. .. .. . S246 15 2 Net profit in tbe year, to the 15th of October, 18i5 after providing for bad and doubtfuldebts, income-tax, &c. 196,420 18 9 £S380,667 16 11 Divided among the proprietors, induding bonuses:At April. 1855, £4 per share, being at the rate of 20 per is. cent. per annum . . £. 0030 0 0 AtOctober, 1iS, ditto ditto .. 90,000 0 0 Balance at the credit of Profit and loss,15th of October, 1635 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. £2D0,667 16 11 Out of which have been paid the April dividend and bonus for the current year, amountingto 90,0001. The assets and liabilities were:- " Assyns. Gold. Governmnentsecurities, andcsh .. . £. .. 2,317,315 12 6 Bank preinisesin the Colonies .. £92.924 5 8 Ditto in London . 5. ,600 0 0 Bills receivable and other securities ..117109 17 8 cc LNIlATI:ES. £5,32,349 15 10 capital .. .. .. .. .. £-00000 00 Guarantee fund. 209000 0 0 Circulation .767,479 o 0 Bils iparable, and other liabilities.. 589,321 14 6 Deposits.. .. .. .. .. 2,674,81 4 5 Profit and loss. 20),67 16 11 £5,232,349 15 10 The directors feel confident that these statements, which represent the results of the operations of the bank dunn. a period of severe commercial pressure, will. be satisfactory. Anticipating the consequences of the over-speculation in the Australian trade during the years 1553 and 1854, the ..directors urged upon the superintendent the necessity of increased caution. Their views have been acted upon without unduly circumnscribingaccommuodation. But this course, combined with the general declinewhich has taken place in colonial deposits and circulation, the natu result of the contraction of trade, has been attended with some diminution of business. This disturbance in the shte of commercial affairs is subsiding, and the productive interests ofthe colonies -were never in a more prosperons conaition. The export of gold continues undiminished; thegrowth of wool has increased; extensive districts of land have been bought into profitable cultivation, and muc elerg ha ren dsplyedin heconitrction of railways and other public works The progress of the new branches has been satisfactory. The only recent addition to their number has been one established on a limited scale at Sandhurst, in Victoria. The directors have been for some time in communication w ith the Lords of the Treasury,with the object of obtaining the renewal of those powers of the charter-which will expire on the 31st of December next, and have no reason to doubt a favourable result. The directors intend to pay a dividend and bonus on the 14th of October, at the rate of 20 per cent. 'per annum, making, with the amount paid last April, a distribution of St. upon each 401. share in the course of the year, free of income-tax. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies duning the past week have comprised five vessels,-three for Port Phillip, one for Adelaide, and one forHobart Town,-with an aggregate capacity of 3,989 tons. The rates of freight exhibit a tendency to improvement. *The amount paid into the Treasury of the East India-hoase for bills on India, from the 24th of MIay to the 9th inst;, was -143,7181. 3-r. Seton Laing, whose firm of Laing ad Campbell sustained a heavy loss from the deln-quencies of Joseph Windle Cole and Davidson and Gordon, has discharged a duty to the mercantile corbuinnity,- -by publishing a history Of the entire case.* As assignee to Cole's estate he had opportu- nitiesof unravelling many circumstances that would - never otherwise have been exposed, and the narrativo now given will engage the attention of * Iun, NepblIws, 39, Cornhill. every of,umercial reader, not only by the I -%gni. tude of the Amounts involved-thde total of'the-fictitious warn circulated by the three banrupta having been 518,C90I.-but also, as tegardf Dtvid son and Gordon, by ae remarkabe interestfj the .incidents connected with their flight and 6cAtxre. But for the determination of MIe&sr. iig: and Campbell, and of Mr. J. R. BeArd, of Manchester wvho had likewise been defrauded of a large *mount' the whole affair would not only have been _ijshed up, but there would have been every probabiitty of these cirninals again, in the course of a few-years, figuring as the heroes of aome new system bf -financial villany. From the nirst moment of detsction down to their recent trial, at the Central Crirandn Court, the effort on almost al side3 appears ;to have been to screen them, and the disregard oflabour danger, and expense with which Mr. Beard trLed them, in the face of all the obstacles thrown -m his way, presents a singular instance of indomitable perseverance. The inertness of the MIansion-house officers, the venality of the Belgian and SwiSS police, the apathetic haughtiness of the British functionaries at Naples, the ultimate straining of judicial scruples on every technical plea,. and, finally, the resolution of the City Solicitor not tD carryforward an independent prosecution constituted a series of advantages for the culprits--iuch as, if foreseen, might have deterred any one at the outset from attempting to bring them to justice. Lord Clarendon, however, and Sir Peter Laurie appear to have been exceptions, and to have strenuously desired to assist the creditors as much as possible. A main object of Mr. Laing's work is' to put upon record the position occupied throughout, the aff'air by Mdessrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co. - that itis one whichadmits of no justification thepblicare already aware. Upon that point the the City Solicitor, and the examining magistrate appear all to coincide, and, if less has been publicly said about it than was deserved, the reason may ba found partly in consideration of the peculiar circumstances which prevailed in the Money-Maket when the lapse occurred, partly from a knowledge o£ the penalty already paid for it in the loss of 120,00?., and partly from the universal respect and even affection created by the beneficent life of the senior partner of the house-a life which terminated:last Thursday, the very day of the issue of the present work. It is, moreover, to be remarked that the habitual tone of the commercial public towards all great insolvents is such as to encourage the most deplorable laxity. The instant a failure is -announced, provided it be of sufficient magnitude, all the creditors are anxious to put the best colour upon it, and when the surplus which iB at first invariably predicted dwindles to a compromise of a few shillings in the pouind, all the sympathy is still with the brokea speculator, even though it may have -been demonstrated that he has been living for y ara upon the money of other people. If a banker be among the creditors, he is only too happy to be allowred quietly to write of the loss and to hear no more of it. But for the universal prevalence of this feeling no persons of any position would, have dared to take the step adopted by some of the leading houses of Liverpool at the time of the failure of Il. Oliver, wrhen'they absolutely denounced, by 3 placard on 'Change, the wrarning given to the public as to the true state of his affairs, with w^hich -they themaselwves must atthe time have been perfectly acquainted. Neither would any respectable barrister or solcitor have promulgated such statements as those reported on Friday in the Vice-Chancellor's Court-namely, that the conduct of the directors of the Cheltenham and Glocestershire JointStock Bank, in declaring a dividend out, of pretended profits, when they had reason to apprehend the whole capital of the Bank had been swept away, was most wise and -.judicious. The punishment of Sir Johun Paul, who betrayed himself through a want of legal actuteness, is looked upon as a great vindication of the determination of society in such matters; but, if society will tolerate a state of the law which gives perfect impunity, as in the case of the Westmin-ter Improvement Commission, the Aberdeen Bank, and a multitude of other instances, to those who are shrevwd and wealthy enough to avail themselves of its anomalies,. they must talke their own share of blame, not only for the actual offences thus stimualated, but also for the general decline of that scrapulousness and mutual good faith which has been the characteristic of English men of business. 7
RAZILWY AND MINING SHARgy. monidsy Evening. The, railway-market was firmer, and some transactions took place at an improvement, which, however, was not eventually supported. In English descrptions a fair amount of business was recorded, but there was not much activity in French and Belgian. Indian shares were maintained at their advance, while those of the Riga Company rose to 24 pi.;, and closed 2k to -, owing to favourable advices- respecting the arrangements of the concession. Australian land and banking -shares showed an itpward tendency, and the transactions were more numerous. Canada were better, and left off 128 to 132. 31Uing securities remained steady. Ottoman Bank closed - to s pm.; Bank of Egypt, par to i pm.; Bank of Switzerland, j dis. to i pm.; National Discoant Company, i to i dis. ; Pernambuco Tailway, 1 to i pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 4 to I pm.; Western of London, 4* to a4 dis.; London and Paris, 34 to 24 dis.; and Alliance, 2 to Idis. ORAlTARV RY AT?APR Ah-n Q'rnt¶Sq
- APPEALS.- - I HOUSE OF-LORDS. JuE 9. mneir 1,ordsmps sat this morning for the purpoe of delivering judgment in the following appeals.- SIR R. MEZIES. BA.T., V. MDOXALD. Tbis was an appeal from a decision of the Cour;t of Session in Scotland. The question in dispute was whether the respondent had acquired from the family of Robertson, of bttrowen, in 1828; the right of using Loch Rannock, a lake of about 11 miles in length- and two in breadth, situated in Perthshire. The lands of Strowen, a portion of which was - the property of the respondent, bounded the lake upoafthe south side, and those of the appellant bounded it upon the north. The appellr.nt in 1850 had brought an action sinst the respondent, questioning the right of the latter to use the lake under the conveyance to him of a portion of the Strowen lands, contending that Mr. Robertsonhad no power to give a right of using the lake to any person urchasing a portion of the Btrowen lands. The Court below had decided in favour of the respondent, and that decision had been appealed against. The LORD CH?CELLOR, in giving judgment, after going through the facts of the case, said that, in the opinion of the ouse, the deciion of the Court below was correct, and the appeal would therefore be discharged. Appeal discharged with costs accordingly. PERSSE V. PERSSE AND ANOTIIE This was an appeal from a decree of the Court of Chancery in Ireland pronounced by the late Lord Chancellor Blackburn in a supplemental suit, wherein Dudley :Persse, his children, and others, the respondents, were the plaintiffs, and the appellant, Robert Hlenry Persse, and other persons not interested in this appeal, were the defendants. The substantial question in the cause related to the right of the appellant toa certain estate in Ireland called Castleboy, which the appellant claimed asthe grantee of George Peisse, to whom the said estate was alleged to have been devised by the Wllt of his natural father, Robert Parsons Persse, dated the 15th of Mlarch, 1820. The claim of the appellat was denied by the respondents on the ground of the invalidity of the wil and that the Castleboy estate had been, by an indenture made .in December, 1827, covenanted to be conveyed to the uses of the marriage settlement of the respondent Dudley Persse. It appeared that the appellent was the second son of Mr. Robert Persse, deceased, a gentleman living during his lifetime in the county of Galway, in Ireland, and whose family consisted, in addition to the appellant; of his eldest son, the respondent Dudley Persse, his youngest son, named WVilliam, and four daughters. The appellant's great grandfather, Robert Persse, was at the time of his death possessed of three estates of considerable value, known as the Roxburgh, the Castleboy, and Moyode Castle estates. The Roxburgh estate, which produced an aumual rental of about 4,5001., he devised to his son William (the appellant'sgrandfather) ;the Castleboyestate,worthabout2,500. perannum,he left to his second son,Parsons; and the third estate to another son. The Roxburgh estate was subsequently settled upon Robert Persse, the appellant's father, and by a deed dated Maylst, 1823, it was conveyed to the use of the anpellant's brother Dudley in fee, subject to an annuity of 8001. in favour of the appellant's father during his life, and to a sum of 6,0001. payable to the appellant and his younger, brothers and sisters. Parsons Persse, to whom the Castleboy estate had descended, died in 1812, having by his will devised that estate to his eldest son, Robert Parsons Persse, who in the year 1827 was unmarried, and considered to be of unsound mind. At that period the appellant's father was his heir presumptive, and a scheme Was formed by or on behalf of the respondent Dudley for securing the ultimate possession of the Casleboy estate, as well as the Roxburgh in order to effect this the solicitor of Dudley caled upon Robert, the father of the appellant, and suggested t,o him the expediency of isslung a commission of lunacy in own name against his cousin Robert Parsons Persse. The appellant's father w ent to stay at the house of his son Dudley to .confer with himn on the subject of such lunacy proceedings, and almost immediately on his arrival 3udley took him to the residence of Chief Baron O'Grady, whose daughter Dudley had married. They remained there five days, and during that period the appellant's father was prevailed upon to execute a deed, dated the 8th of December, 1827, which recited that if Robert Parsons Persse died unmarried and of unsound mind at his death the Castleboy estate would descend to the appelant's father, in case he should die without making a will. It then covenanted that in consideration of Dudley making the necessary advances required in suin out a commission of lunacy against Robert Parsons Persse he should have the Castleboy estate after the death of his father, who was to enjoy a life estate in that property. That deed was signed by the appellant's father without his having the advice of his solicitor. The commission of lunacy having bxen issued, Robert Parsons Persse was declared to have been of unsound mind since the year 1826. In 1829 Robert Parsons Persse died, and his real estates having, as it was then considered, descended to the appellant's father, as his heir-at-law, the latter entered into possession of the Castleboy estate. In July, 1830, the appellant's father, in consideration of a sum of 16,0001., conveyed the Castleboy estate to the appellant. Dudley Persse's first wife having died in 1829, leaving a son and two daughters, he married again in July, 1833. In the marriage settlement upon his second wife he settled the Castleboy as well as the Roxburgh estate upon his children, with a charge for jointure for the benefit of his wife upon both estates. In June, 1835, Dudley and the other respondents hearing of the conveyance to the appellant, instituted a suit in the Court of Chancery in Ireland against the appellant and his father, together with other defendants, who had been named trustees to that conveyance, praying that that conveyance might be declared fraudulent and void, and that the appellant and his father might be compelled to convey the Castleboy estate to the uses pecified in the marriage settlements executed by Dudley. The appellant's father, in his answer to the bill, said that he had conveyed the Roxburgh estate to Dudley, in consequence of the persuasions of the latter, and the pressure of creditors; that Dudley had covenanted to pay him an annuity of 8001., which the latter had purposely suffered to fall into arrear, with the view of taking advantage of his distress to effect his purpose of getting possession of the Castlehoy estate. That Dudley had got him to sign the conveyance to him without his being aware of itsnature, he supposing at the time he signed it that it was merely to secure toDudley the repayment of the sumshemight advance in the proceedings of lunacy. That he had received no consideration for executing the conveyance, and that the deed so executed was void, it having been obtained from him by fraudulent misrepresentations. The appellant in his answer submitted that lhe was a purchaser of the Castleboy estate for valuable consideration. The cause was heard in February, 1837, before Lord Chancellor Plunket, who dismissed the bill with costs. An ajppeal was then made to the House of Lords, where the decision of the Lord Chancellor was reversed, and judgment was given in favour of the present respondents, the deed conveying the Castleboy estate to the appellant being declared fraudulent and void, so far as it interfered with the deed of conveyance to Dudley. In May, 1840, the appellant's father in consideration of an annuity of 4001. per annum, conveyed all his interest in the Castleboy estate to the appellant. It was then discovered that Robert Parsons Persse had not died intestate, as supposed, but had made a will in 1820 (above six years before the commencement of his lunacy), leaving the Castlebov estate to his illegitimate son Patrick, with remainder to his other illegitimate son, George. Patrick having died, the Castleboy estate became vested under the will in George. Proceedings in ejectment were taken by George, in 1833, to recover possession of the estate under the will, the validity of which was contested. An arrangement was then entered into between the appellsnt and George, with the view of settling their conflicting claims, and it was agreed that if it was decided that Rtobert Parsons Persse died intestate, thenthe appellant should pay a sum of 3201. yearly to George during the life of the appellant's father, but that that sum should remain a charge upon the estate for ever, provided the validity of the will was proved. In consideration thereof George conveyed all his interest in the Castleboy estate to the appellant. The appellant's father died in January, 1850, and the respondent, Dudley, demanded possession of the estate. The present suit had then been instituted, in which the chief point sought to be established on the part of the appellant was that Dudley could not recover possession until the validity of the alleged will of Robert Parsons Persse had been tried and settled. It had been decided in the court below in favour of the respondents, and this appeal had been brought against that decision. The cause came before their Lordships on the 26th of May last, when judgment was postponed. The LORD CH.ANCELLOPR, in giving judgment, after going through the points in the case, said that their Lordships were of opinion that the decision of the Court below must be affirmed, and the appeal dismissed with costs, Appeal dismissed with costs accordingly.
LAW BEPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY. LnzcoTL's -r. Jum-i 9. BOTT V- SIMTH. I (Before the LORDS JUSTICES of APPEL.) 'IUS was an appeal trom a decision oa the Master of the Rolls. Mr. Ely Smith, a farmer, residing at and an overseer of the townqhip of Norland, Halifax, in the county of Yorkc, was sued by Mr. Bott, a civil engineer, for 431. 12s., for services rendered to the township for which Mr. Smith, as overseer, was liable. The action went to arbitration, and Mr. Smith was muleted in principal money 431. 12s., and 1941. 16s. costs. Thereupon Air. Smth made a settlement of his property, by which he stipulated for his own support for life, and then gave it over to his sons. After this Mr. Smith went to York Castle as an insolvent debtor, where he died. Mr. Bott became his assignee, and fled his bill to set aside the settlement as fraudulent and void, within the statute of Queen Elizabeth against fraudulent conveyances, and the plaintiff succeeded before the Master of the Rolls ; hence the present appeal of the defendants. Their LonssDMrs aflirmed the decision of the Court below. Mr. Roundell Palmer and Mr. Browne were for the deciaion of the Master of the Rolls; Mr. lloyd and Mr. G. L. Russell for the appellants.
ROLLS' COURT, CAcERY-LA.,T JuxE 9. V.xN-PV 'V XVVT.T.TAiETQ: ieTo7e ine nlsor znc. zu i.. the object of this suit was to set aside a deed executed in November, 1832, under the followin circumstances :-The testator in the cause, the Rev. Thomas Nanney, of Behmont, Denbighshire, was a gentleman of considerable property, and was twice married. By his first wife he had no children. On the 19th of October, 1829, he married his second wife, he being then 64 years old. In November, 1832, not having up to that time any children by his second wife, he executed the deed in question, by which he settled an estate called Yspytty on himself for life, then to Sir William Wynn for life, then to Robert Wynn Williams for4 life, with remainder to Edward Chamberley Vaughan, who at the date of the deed was the testator's heir-at-law. In Jnly, 1833, the wife of the testator had a son, the present plaintiff, and subsequently had other children. The testator died in March, 1838, having previously made a will in January in the same year, under which he left all his real and personal property to his son, the plaintiff, and in which 3o mention was made of the deed of 1832, There was a -tlatse; however; In-ihewill- to the-effectthat Edward C. Vaughan. the snme gentleman upon -whom the remainder was settle by the deed of 1832) Wa to be totally and for ever excluded from taking anv interestwhatever in the property ofthe testatoras his her;at-law or next of kin; and the questions now beforethe Court were-firzt, whetherthe deed of 1832 was not executed by the testatorEor the purpose of liniiting the uses of his estates at a -time when he thought he should have no children- secondly, whether the deed was nbt a revocable instrument,; and, thirdly, whether it was not absolutely revoked by the testator's last will. - On all of these points,i f His HOOUR held in fvor of th ainti an order to the effect that the deed of 1832, aiting the Yspttestate from the plaintid; shodld he set aside R.Palaer, 3r. Roull, xMr. Iloyd- MI Eollett, JLr Cairns, *r. Sewyn, -r. TU . Simpson- 3r. Giffard, and Mr. Humphrey appeared for the parties interested. THOVAS V. THOMAS. In this case, which was reported in-to-dy's (Mondaas) paper, His HOXOuR said that the views which'onSiturday he had expressed upon the case were confirmed by afterconsideration, and the decree must be acordingly.
VICE-OCHNCELLO' COURTS. Momiy. JUNg. 9. ort.nvp ar are.^ tJieCorc YC-CA2naCello Sir X. T. Kmxn:zrv.1 3fr. BBISTOWE appeared upon a petition in this cause,seeking payment out of court of a certainfand to whichtwo ladies were entitled under a will made in. the Scotch form, and designated as a "trust disposition," whereby. inter aliaj it Was specially provided and declared that he jus marUit of the testator's reputed diughters was excludedfrbm the provision thereby made in their favour, ,and that those proisions shouldneither be liable to the debts nordeeds of the said husbands, nor, subject or affectable to the legal demands of their creditors in any manner or way. Tinder these words the Court held that a trust for separate use was created, and nmade an order on this petition for. payment out of court of a moiety of the fund, but refused the order as to the other moiety by reason of the sig. nature of a lady whose name was " Rebecca Williams Dowsou?' being signedto a deed assigning her share, -" IRe.becca Dowson" only; and an affidivit was now produced&by. the lady herself, deposing that she was the same person described in a certain letter of attorney as -" Rebecca Wil; liams Dowson." Thera was no affidavit of no ,settlement; but it vras hoped that, as it was actuall knowrn asafact that there was no settlement, that the lady was unmarried at the date of the will, and as she was resilentin Jamaica, the Court would dispense with it., - The VICE-CHASCELLO. thought he must require an &Mdavit of no settlement to be produced, as the exclusion of the jus mnriti would not have prevented the lady settling her share. The affidavit as to the signature was sufficient. (Befoam Vice-Chancellor Sir J. STUAP.T.) INCE V. ROBINSON. The opening of this case on behalf of the plaintiffe again occupied the Court for the day, and was not concluded when the Court rose. hir. Bacon and Mr. W. Morris appeared forthepLaintiffs Mr. Selvyn and Mx. Southgate for the first defendant,: Robinson ; and Mr. Malins, Mr. Fooks, and Mr. Joyce for the other defendant, Haynes.
courT OF qflEEs BENCH, WxSTnMrSTE. Jim,-R 9. (SittUngs in Banco, before Lord CAxdPBL, and JU5itc COLERIDGE, ERLE, and COm ON.) The Courtthis dav inthe fint instance took motions and then proceeded with the New Trial Paper, but nothing occurred of generalinterest to the public. BAIL COURT. (SlUings in Banco, before Mr. Jwutice WIGHTmAs.) THRING V. GA-NE'. Br~. FIrI. moved for a rule calling upon the County Court Judge of Lincolnshire to show cause why a prohibition should not issue to prevent his proceeding in this case. the olanct was for 761. Uls. upon the balance of account between the parties. Upon the plaint [being called on the defejidant said the claun was for 761., and therefore the Judge could not hear it. The plaitiff then offered to reduce the balance to 501., and he and his witnesses swore that'there was a set off of 2 71. Ss.; but the piaintiff admitted upon cross-examination that no account nad been settled between him and the defendant, and the latter had not leaded a set off. The defendant said the claim was for 61., and he offered to allow the plaintiff to amend his particulars, but this the plaintiff refused to do. The County Court Judge then gave a verdict for 501., giving the defen dant leave to apply to the Court. Rule granted.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WMST.YSER, JTqIT 9. EASTMADE V. WIT. MAI'By V. WM. i0tLU2f79 in M11-- I iXhese were two actions brought against a gentleman residingi in Cambridge-terrace for slander, for saying to his cook and butler, whom he had discharged on suspicion of felony, to each in the absence of the other, that he discharged both on that ground, and for which the jury gave 25g. damages iu each case. A rule to enter the verdicts for the defendant, or for a nonsuit, having been obtained, Mr. Serjeant BYIES showed cause against the rule, and Mr. WA9TSON, Q.C., and Mr. T. ATKINSo appeared to support it. It was contended that what was said to each of the servants about the other, in the absence of the other, was not a privileged communication, and that the nature of the commnunication was slanderous and also malicious, in consequence of these two servants having, as they alleged, discovered the defendant to be payiDg improper attention to the housemaid. The LoBD CHEF JusTicE (without calling on Mr. Watson) said the imputation was utterly unworthy of credit. If malice were to be presumed from the gossip of the kitchen no nian would ever venture to turn away a servant against whom there was the sightest breath of suspicion. In Manby's case it was admitted that the defendant was bound to say who it was that was co-operating with him in the suspected peculations. The Couir therefore thought Mr. Justice Wriles wron in not having nonsuited the plaintiffs. 'The rule muist be made absogatein each case. Rule absolute for a nonsuit. SARL V. BSOUIJBDON This was an action to recover 29L 15s for goods sold and delivered, to which it was objected that the contract was void, because there was no sufficient memorandum of the bargain in writing under the Statute of Frauds. Ms. HAWKINS and Mr. BaEaiaru showed cause against a rule for entering a nonsuit, and Mr. Serjeant BYnES and MWr. XAItSLAXE appeared in support of it. The COURT took timne to consider its judgment;* and we therefore reserve our report.
COURT OF EXCHEOIT.R. rnTAV .Tn p o (Sitting rn Banco.) The proceedings of the Court were not of a character to call for any special report. (Sittings at NiisI Prius beforc Mfr. Baron AILDEmsoN and Covimon Juries.) TIIE DIPERIAL GAS COMPANy V. PORTER_ Mr. Knowles and Mr. Rose appeared forthe plaintiffs,and MIr.. Serjeant Thomas for the defendant. The declaration in this case stated that the defendant wrongfully deprived the plaintiffs of certain gas, and converted it to his own use. There was also a count for goods sold and delivered and upon account stated. The defendant pleaded to the frst count not guilty, and that the gas was not the gas of the plaintiffi, and that he had taken the said gas by the leave and license of the plaintiffs. To the second count he pleaded, except as to 21. 7s. 9d., which he paid into court, never indebted. Before any evidence was called the learned Judge suggested that the case had better be referred, and he consented to take the case himself privately after the sittings after term.
PREROGATTVB COURT, .io.DAY, JuxE 9. 1:ARA!ER V. fRflfl- tlcfJore Sir J. DODSON.) This was a question as to the validity of the last will and testament of Mr. Mehew, late of Walcot-place, dated the 25th of July, 1854. The question at issue was whether or not the formalities required by the Wills Act as to its execution had been duly complied with. On the one side it was alleged that both the attesting witnessess were present at the same time; but on the other it was denied. The case was argaed on the 9th ult., and reported in The Ti7ms on the following day. Sir J. DODsoN now delivered judgment, and said that gto the testimony of one of the attestin witnesses>wtose veracity wa s unimpeached, there had teen a due execution; on the evidence given by the other he could not rely; but, as there was the testimony of one witness, supported by adminicular circunstances, he was bound to pronounce for the will. ARCHES' COURT. MoiNyA. .TTNi - t frfarp .sir .I nu-v I)Anqnrn I LIDDELL AND HORNE V. WESTERTOI ASND LIDDELL AN'D OTHERS V. Tt.A T.P. -Dr. BAYFORD having replied in these cases, The COUiRT reserved its decision.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, June 9. The June general sessions of the peace for the county of Middlese, commenced this morning at Clerkenwell before Mr. PASEY, Q.C., Assistant Judge, and a bench of magistrates. There were for trial 41 prisoners charged with felony and 3 with mnisdemeanour. The AsSISTANT-JuDGE briefly charged the grand jury. John Robinson, 56, a journevman carpenter, was indict.d for stealing a horse, the property of Richard Rose, and for stealing a mare, the proPerty of lenry Baggs. Mr. Metcalfe appeared for the prisoner. A witness named Fletcher stated that on the evening of the 6th of May the prisoner and another man brought two horses for sale to Atcheler's horse slaughtering establishment, Belle Isle, Maiden-lane, where 'he (witness) was employed and asked 41. for them. He looked at the animals, and agreed to give 31. 17s. 6d. for them, but before that he asked the prisoner whose property they were; and he said they were his own. Thishe repeatedsusbequently,butontheway to a publichouse, to get charge fora sovereign, witness again asked him whose they were; when he said, that did not matter. The witness- said he could not enter the purchase in the books nnless he knew the real owner; to which the prisoner replied, that they belonged to Mr. Johns, a builder at Xllburn, in whose service he was. As the animals had not the appearance of having been used in builders' work the witness suspected something wrong, and told him to call next morning to receive the money from Mr. Mansfield, Mr. Atcheler's manager; and he then went away. Mr. Mansfield deposed, that on the morning of the 7th the prisoner called for the money which Fletcher had agree I to give for the horses, when he repeated the statement that ibey were the property of his master, Mr. Johns, of Kilburn, and had been worn out in drawing bricks; bat witness had reason to doubt that, and sent for a policeman. After some conversation the witness, the prisoner, and the constable, 239 G, went to Kilburn, where they fonnd the story about Mr. Johnsto be a complete fabrication. The prisoner then made another statementf to the effect that he hadbeen ployed byanother man, who was not t) be found,to taRe the horses to Atcheler'sand who told himn -they-were MIr. Johns's pro3prty.-.The prisoner had producei an arder in the name of Jobns to receive the money. He aid he received the horses from the rnia about halfa-mnile from Kliurn-gate. It was- proved that'on theevebg ofthe6th both-theboxses, winch were old and. lame, were nissed from Porto BelloFirm. near'ilburn, wrhere they had been Ig 'one belonged foMr. Rose, of Goldington-street St. Kancras, and the other to Mr. Baggs, of Hayes-cottages, liotting. a le., Mr. RrcAixE, in his address to theJury, suggested the probability that the prisoner really had acted at the instigation of some one else, and called witnesses who spoke to his having maintained a very good character foe honesty for Inany years. - The jury found the prisoner Guilty, but recommended him to mercy. The AssisTAIsT%-xTDGE sentenced bim to bard labour for a year. Jol)nKin, 29, a Scotchman, was indicted for fraudulently obtaining from John Charles Smith an iron cramp, value 20s., and for stealing a similar cramp, the property of GeorgeGreen. He pleaded "Guilty," and said he committed the offence through distress. Iu a paper, which he banded .n, lhe'urged iu etenuation that he had been brought up in strict religions observance of the Sabbath; thAt his mnother had deeply impressed upon him the uecessitg of regarding the lord's-day aud keeping it holy; and thathle bad, in his own country, been a reguLar attendant at church. The AsSISTATvJUDGn said, this nijht be al very true, but the prisoner's ideas of the observance of the Sabbath should have inducedhim to keep his hands off other people's property on week days. It appeared that he had already been in the House of Correction for felony, and his having been an attendant at church in Scotland could mot excuse I his conmmittinz crime in ngland. If he committed any other felony he would be liable to avery Eevere punishment inthe shape of penal servitude, but at pre-sent the sentence would be one of 12 months' imprisonment, with hard labour. Willam George Tannant, 5, cabmaan, wasindicted for shtaling a coat, the property of the Rev. George Gascoigne 'Batt. Mr. Digby prosecuted; Mfr. Sleigh appeared for the pri. coner. It appeared.that the prosecutor took a cab, of which the -prisoner vzas the driver, from Hatchard's -Hotel to his resti-dence in Nontpelier-road, Twickenham, and- after he had 'discharged him he found that he had left his paletot and a pair of gloves in the cab. The prisoner, on beingfollowed, 'denied that the things were in the cab, but they were after,rds found under the mat at the bottomof the vehicle, and 'the policeman rho took the prisoner in charge was driven by him to the station. -Mr. SLIGH contended that there was no evidence of any felonious intention, and The jury found the prisoner .Not guilty. Henry Hawkes, 22, a private in the 44th Regiment, -with the Crmean medal, bearing clss for Alma andlnkermanrn, was indictedfor havingnlwawflly andmaliciously wounded .Timothy-Grm. 'The prosecutor was a sailor, and it appeared that on the morning of the 21st of May he was pa along N'ighting. gale-lane East with one Michael Donovan and awoman anamed Ann Mahoney. The prisoner, who was - on leave of absence from the depOt of his regiment and had returned from the Crimea but a short time, was, with his brother, in the same lane. lis brother, without provocation, struck Donovan. 'A struggle ensued, in the course of which the prisoner drew out a knife and stabbed the prosecutor twice in the left side. All three swore positively they did not interfere inany way with either the prisoner or his brother, Mr. Mears, surgeon, of B3rick-lane, was called in to attend the prosecutor, and he found two wounds on his left: side, each penetrating to the rib. Had one, which was lower than the other, been between the ribs the result must have been fatal, as the knife would have penetrated the heart. The prosecutor lost a great deal of blood. The prisoner said, that he acted im self-defence, that the prosecutor and his frends began first and robbed himn of 2t. and attempted to get his medal. This waS denied. The jury found him G'uRy, and The AssIsTAsT-JuDGn, having expressed his regret at seeing a man like him charged with such an offence, passed a sentence of nine months' hard labour.
POLICE. GMLTLT.-Edward Cobb, wvho, on the first occasion of his being brought up, refused his name and address, was again placed at the bar before Sir R. W. CAEDEL, Alderman Fire being also present. The prisoner pleaded " Guilty " to the charge of stealing a Church Service, value 7s. 6d., from the shop of Mr. WVillis, bookseller and stationer, of Newgate-street, but still refused his address, and with the most impudent assurance applied that the money and pawnbroker's duplicates relating to other propertyto be given up to him. Sir It. W. Cutnx refused the application, and committedtheprisonertothe House of Correction iwith hard The prisoner then inquired if he was to have anv refresh- ment before going to pnson, as he had had nothing since i breakfast. Sir R W. CARDEN,, much surprised at the coolness wvith which the prisoner made the request, said, neither had he had anything since breakfast, and many in the court were in the same position, who had not been guilty of any crime. It would perhaps do the prisoner good to fast a Iittle. He would, however, have everything that was necessary at the prison. The prisoner was then removed. George Thompson, a flashily dressed young man, was charged with stealing a railway wrapper, under the foliowing circumstances:- Aichael Haydon, a detective officer, saidhehadbeenwatching the prisoner for about two hours on Saturday afternoon, during which time he saw him trying a great many ladies' pockets, by tapping them on the outside, and lifting the dresses to ascertain if there were anything available in the contents, said he ultimatelr went into Dolly's Chophouse, in Queen's Head-passage, lN'ewgate-street, and in about five minutes witness saw him come out with a railway wrapper folded up inder his arm. Haydon followed him, and accused him of stealing the wrapper, but the prisoner said it was his own property, and volunteered to go back with him to Dolly's Chophouse. They accordingly returned, and ascertained the wrapper belonged to a fr. lMilman, who was staying there. risoner was then remanded for the attendance of Bow-sTRsEr.-Henry Wootten, cabdriver, No. 5,234, was summoned before Mr. 1ENnY for exacting more than his fare and using abusive language. The complaint was preferred by Mrs. Mark Lemon, who stated that she hired defendant's cab on the day in question to convey her two daughters and herself from the Polvtechnic Institution to their residence in Gordon-street Gordon-square. She gave him a half-crown and requested the change, the fare being Is. 6d. only. He replied, " Oh! I thought it was a two-shilling piece," and tendered her 6d. She renindedhimthathehadyet topay her another6d., upon whieh he exclaimed, " I'll see you d-d first." A requezt to be furnished with his ticket was met by a similar response, and her son was consequently compelled to go round and take the number of the cab. The defendant followed her up to the door of her house, using the most offensive and insulting language, and at one time she thought he was about to strike her. He gathered a mob round the house by his insolent conduct, exclaiming that "he was not going to drive three - women about for 6d. a-mile," and declaring that "he did not care if he got six months for it, and never drove a cab again." Mr. Lemon's solicitor intimated that the language reaUy used was much more disgusting than might be inferred from the complainant's statement, and Mr. Mark Lemon consequently felt himself bound to take out-a summons; for this was the only way of stopping the nuisance to which ladies were exposed when traveling by themselves in cabs. The defendant pleaded guilty to the charge of exacting more than his fare, but he " had no recollection" of using any bad language. The lady must be mistaken. Mr. HENRy.-Youmean to say that you used no abusive language? Defendant.-I don't think I did. MCr. Hm-NY.-Are you sure you did not? Defendant.-I am sure that I can't remember any. Er. HmNnsY.-But Mrs. Lemon states that you followed her to her door. Defendant.-I don't recollect thatI did. Mr. HENRY.-And caused a mob to assemble. Defendant.-I never saw no mob. Mr. HNRY.-And refused to give her a ticket. Defendant.-It was at the bottom of my pocket, and I couldn't get at it. The solicitor stated that Mr. Lemon, jon., could confirm his mother's evidence if necessary. Mr. HENRY.-It is quite nnuecessary. The defendant has pleaded guilty to one offence, and cannot deny the other. He must pay a penalty of 20s. for the exaction, and 31. for the insulting language, with costs, making 41. 4s.; or be committed for a month.. The defendant u-as committed in default. MARYLEzoNE.-Henry Williams, a carman, in the service of Willam Henry Leftwich and Co., ice merchants, carrying on an extensive business in Little Albany-street, Regent's-park, was brought up by Sergeant Mason, 25 S, and placed at the bar before Lr. LoG charged wvith having embezzled money to a considerable amount received by him for and on account of his emplovers. Mr. Herring, solicitor, attendedfor the prosecution. The learned gentleman brought forward several witnesses in support of the allegation made against the prisoner with regard to his defalcations. The alleged dishonest practices of the prisoner had, it was stated, extended over a period of betveen three and four years. The IL&GISTRATE, after proof of the non-payment of several sums to theperson duly authorized to receive themby the prisoner's employers, remanded the prisoner till Monday next, upon which day it is expected that numerous cases will be fully established against him. WOSnip-SMRE;ET.-The magistrate requests us to acknowledge his receipt of 1Os. from "E B. ;" 5s. in postage stamps from " W.t." through "'. H. ;" and lOs. in stamps from " W.D.," for the poor girl who was so cruelly useed by amob of blackguard boys inVictoria-park on thenight of the illunminations. Every exertion has been made to discover this girl, but asyetwithout success. Mr. Hammill hasalsoreceived for Mr. Iugham, of the Thames Police-court, the second half of a 51.-note, No. 12,70S, the first half of w-hich was transmitted to this court about six weeks ago. The writer still complains of no notice having been taken in this payer of the subscrption being received at this court, but it as been noticed three times by the reporter, and the magistrate stated that he had himself seen it noticed that number of times. CLERKENIELL.-The sitting magistrate requested err reporter to acknowlIedge the r-eceipt of 11. from '"F. L. P.,' onc guinea from "Co D.," and Is. od. from "J. L," f.I frs. Gill, the poor woman who was accidentally shot in the arm by smie boys who wvere playing in Clerkreuwehl at "-Turks nd Russians," and who, hy that means, has been prevnted from following her occupation and earning a ssaintenance for her family and a fickhusd, who is confined in a lunatic aylum. Mary Phelps, a woman well known to the police, ana wvho, ineomp ly ihher-relations, hasoften fgured at this and other poice.cour±ts, ws .charged by In ebctorErennan -L with selling' beer, gin, and other fennented. liquors at a court ia Goldea.lane, St. .Luke's, with-out niiigliientea for lnsp~tor Brennan. said that the practioe oesfllrig beer-- and a72e composition, which the vendors tered gin, after the licensed' houses had: closed, and- alo on a suna y- mnorninag badlately beoome so prevaient in.the couirtsir Golden-lane, and the complaint' of the drunkenness and vice at the police-statior, so ntnmerous, that the police had received strict injunictions to put thera down, but' audx was the systenmalac way dixnwhic the -trade: b'u eareon that itwas not tuitlpersons, unconnected with. that body,,. 'and. prosituteE bne paermitted seo aa nsthautth oefenda-nt could nod plead ignorance of the law, having before heen fnedfor a simiar offence, and her mother and father hai also been imprisoned and fined for it. The house in whchy the defendant lived was the resort of the worst iigevege- and prostitutes, and he mentioned severalinsLandnso proi.. gclsed neL- housthen thae witnessed. eTbythe defendant said,ashehnda sma fa-iyto support, nd hoped his Worship wrould look over it. tre sT T i aid that the .plaes of the dnd-keptbv thdefendant, and wFhich are.better know as ." jigger' ShOps, were the most mischievous places in london. Pnblichouses were kept under the stictest surveillence, andvery properly so; hut when the respectable licensed stradesmere closed their houses, tenothe business f such housess thai ep thy the defendant began, and ws the cause of cach debeuichery and drunkenness. The lawf did wFhatit could to~ prevent su.ch mischief, but these places-these dens-wvere known to the wrorst of characters all over the town, and the very evils which w ere prevented in licensed house were herc carried on with the most pernicious results. This was, without a doubt, athoroughry mischievous Dlace, and carr.ied on in the worst manner, and he should therefore fine them prisoner 40s, or amouth's imprisonment with hard labour. The moneynot being forthcoomig, the prisoner was locked up. THA-YES.-Thomaa Strange, atall portly man, aged48, a, wholesTeMrocerof No.t5, hioundsditeh, inthecityoLndon, :was brought before Mr. Ssus, eharged w.ith commnitting anindecent assault on Atnthony Wilson Monger, a constable of the city police, lSo. 56, in a railway cariae. * r. S}ELFv.-You have heardtfhis serious charge agains you. Have you asnything to say!s The prisoner, in a tone scarcely audible except to thore close to the felons' dock in which he stood, eplied, "ITo; disoose of the case." Monger said, the prisoner would have been certainly pitched out of the railway carriage by the indignant passengers, who saw his misconduct, if he (Monger) had not interfered. *lr. SELsFs again asked the prisoner if he had any further defence to make, on which he looked serious, and mutterea something in a low tone. Mr. SEIr-I fine you 51. for the assault on the proteutor, or in. default two months' imprisonment. ERhe fine was instantly pdid. L: I rsE'H.-William Gallents, a voung fellow dremed in the latest style of fashion, who refused to give his address, but described himself as a teacher of music; and -Mary .Amn Clemson, a smartly-dressed'woman, who also refused her address, but described herself as a prostitute, were charged before Mr. ELaaorr with picldng pockets in the Crysal Palace on Saturday last. Mr. Lund, the superintendent of the P division of police, was in attendance to watch the case; and Mr. Wontner's c.lerk appeared for the prisoners. Sergeant Co p pin, 16P, deposed that he was on duty at the Crystal Palace on Saturday last, and at about haUf-past; 4 o'clock he saw the female prisoner press against ana feel the dresses6 of several ladies an the inuscal cout, and-ultimately pick the pocket of one lady aRd hand something to the other prisoner, who was close behind her. Ee (Coppin) endeavoured to get at and secure them, but the crowfd wras so dense that he couid not do so, said in the efforts he made he was told he was exceed. ingly rude. Immediately afterwd he saw a lady, now present, complain to a policeman that she had just been. robbed of her purse, and after taldn her address he went in search of the prisoners. He caulght sight of them two or three times, but before he could reach them they mingled with tShe immense crowd and avoided him. At length he saw the woman enter a railway carriage, and, suprosing her compamon was not far off, he eramnned the dBerent carriages in the train without being. able to find him, He then went to examine a second train that was on the point of starting, and while so endggd the train in which the woman was started, and he therefore, for a time, lost her. Soon after he saw the male prisoner come down the stairs leading to the railway, and, stopping him, asked him where he was going, and -he replied to L,ondon, and after a little time exhibited his ticket. He next asked to see what he had in his pockets, but he refused totell him;uponwhich he told himthatitmatteredlittle, for if he did not wish to show him he should tako the libert" of searching him. The risoner then drew a nurse from hi! pocket and also a sovereign and some silver, both of which heeput into the purse andhanded it-to him; he then askled him how muci money it contained, and he replied, " 5. l0s."-namely, 4 sovereigns and 30s. in silver. On counting its contents, however, at the station.house, he found it to be 61. 10s. While tlaing the prisoner to town he, on three different occaions, asked him to keep the money and let him go, saying that it was a pity he should take any farther trouble about him, and that the money would come handy to him, while he (the prisoner) could go and soon get more. Witness told him he didnot dobusinessin thatway, and while walkng along the Borough the femaleprisoner came up, and he(Co ppin) atoncerecognied her, fhough inaX different dress, as the person he had seen in the C rysal Palace with his prisoner, and consequently had her secured. This witness was crosseaminQd at considerable length, but nothing material was elcited from him. lMrs. Stringer, a lady residing at 34, Leadenhall-street, deposed to having been robbed of her purse, containing two half-crowns, in the musical court of the Ciystal Palace, in which a fancy fair was held, and which was densely thronged. She could not recognise either of the prisoners. On the part of the female prsoner an alib was attempted to be proved, but the evidence was of a highly suspicious character. Coppin, the officer, informed the magistrate that, just, before coming into court, the female prisoner said she wished to soesh to him, and proceeded to state that, whiler locked up, the male prisoner called out to her froms his cell, and entreated her to-hold her tongue and say nothing, Sisi also said she knew the male prisoner aud some of his associates, and when she lived in the it divinion district had. seen them taken to prison. Both the prisonezs were remanded to a future day.
[Advertisement.]-" The Crown Ward," Mr. Boyd's new tomanee Zust pubuished--'`tis exhilaating to read a romanoe which. withoutservilely imitating SoDtt, represents that free and bnwant. spiritof adventuxerwhich is the charm of bis s3rratiTeL he jUdgnLentofthe worldhasapproved thonovelsofScott as admirable foe mental recreation. They do not throw 'he mind back upon itself; they charm the mind from itself, and exercse it at the same time. Were they less sldlul the rest would rot be so refreebing; were tber more powerful tbe exercise miht be too severe. The real hero of tbe story is Yinmont Willie (or wllMie Armstrong). a stont you- momn trooper of the Border, as bold a rider as William of Delorame himelf. His capture of the warden's horses and night ride for his life excite. breathless expecttion. Equally elfective, though in adi c tffe esl is the scene in which the ItiLUan controls both James and his Consort. therevelinwhichthegay Quen favours Bucleuch's ecape, and tho surpriseof Carlilebythe SootBorderbandsL.-"Pre"I j lAdvertisement.]-1iss Edgeworth's 'Enmni" and "The Absentee." price Is. ech, are the new volumer of Routledge's cbeaPteries. The volumes lately publshed are "Petecton leRgac,7"2s. by Albert Smith; "Afloat anD Ashore.' Ic. 6d. by ,. F. Cooer "PiratesoftheMigsiDip,"Is.Sd by Gerstacker; "Cement Loriner,Is. 6d.. byAngus Reach; Gdreat flighwy," 5& by S. W.Fnllom; America andthe American,4" ils 6d bY W. L. BSxter. 1LP. " rsirie," Is. 6d., by J. F. ooper "Philip IL",' vole, rice 4s., by Prescott; " Song of Eiawatha," fs by chAow: as wlvl as the best works of the foliowini diting3ed authors:-Presrott, Oliver Goldsmith. Washigton g - inFg, hiU WetherelL Mm Stwtowe, Bawthrne, Carleton Albcrt smith. the author of" The Roving Engliiman." MIss Panine, Edgar Poe Rev. tT. A.Wllimnott. om3Dmete iskt of this series gratis on application. London, George Routledge and. Co., Fnringdon-srcet. fAdvertisement.--" Boy's OwnJommal"Id veelcy.- an]oysOwnJounial, prioe Id., iwicommenoeon Saturday, June l4. and be contined vrweeh. A yearaiud halh since was commenced tbe "Boy'sOwnVagazine,"2d.ironthly. The succees of this perodielI foryouthwasDooncertaln, andeachmonthhss seen alarge incrase. inthe,numberf purchas There habeen, howeer, amas of orrespondence addremscdtothe proprietors of the "Boy's OwnMagaine," desiring the more frequent issue of such attractive andusefulreadnog. ThelettersthatbavT been receivedonthis subject are no,- only frem the young, but from parentg, beads ot familiea and chools, showing beyond all dolubt the great necessity for a boy's literature at osio noral. entertaining, and instructive. For these reasons is published he" Boy's ;Own Joural and Youth's Miscellany." The prODretor are confident inthe hopetbat boys in townan country wll lke that their elders will approve, the matter and manner of this new candidate for their sPort. " Bol's Own Journal," every Satuma. Id. Peblished by VI . B3eeton, 17 and 18, BoUvCrie-fftrCet, Icedon. [Advertisement.]-` Bell's LiE- in London" of Snandy next, Jne15, will oontain :-Ascot.HeAth Racest; l and exclusive rartictars of this Royal meeting-Henley-on-Thames Grand Regatta -Cricket; importaut and exciting matches-The RE r Fight between Mose and Norton for £5-; the forthcoingM siWbefween Hayes and Kamey-Pedetiani5-Figeo-8hooting-AD6tiDgg et -and al the imnt sportin andmiseellaneous news of the weekPr:ce, stamped, B ucatau. 5d. Offce, 170, Strand. [Advertisement.1-Palmer's Career from his birth to. his csnviction.-Neary readr "The Life of DWiliam Palmer. o eorm- l om new materials co31eted nm the neihbobood wE R 3 o Esywood ,ivpool, and Abbotte Boumlei. &oa fromn original lettersl and documnents never before published. XSibsengravings. Price ls. London, Ward and Ieck, 158 FlWeet-street, and. sold everywhere.
N?AVAL AND MITARY INTBEL GNCE. The serew steam-transport Black Prince, No. 161, Captain lStavers, with ordnance stores, ball cartridge, muskets, &a., arrived at Spithead from Malta and the Black Sea yesterday; she sailed from Malta May 24, and from Gibraltar on the 31st, and experienced heavy weather and strong head frinds the greater part of the passage home. She received orders to proceed to Deptford, and left for that place yesterday afternoon. Her Majesty's sailing-corvette Amphitrite, 25, Captain Bunridge, was put out of commission at Portsmouth yesterday. Her Majiestys screw-corvette Pylades, 21, Captain D'EynCourt, having'refitted, went out of Portsmouth harbour and zachored at Spithead, to await further orders, yesterday afternoon. Her Majestfs ship Fantome, 12, Commander J. H. Genneys, arrived at Chatham yesterday afternoon from Australia, havingbeen towed from Sheerness by the Cuckoo zteamer, Lieuternant Augustus Muxray. The Fantome has been absent from England on the Australian station nearly five years, and was fitted out for sea at Chatham in 1850. Before leaving Sheerness she was inspected by the Admiral 'Commanding-in-Chief at the Nore, who expressed himself 1ighly pleased at the condition of the ship after so long an absence. The Fantome is to be paid off at Chatham, after which she will be dismantled and placed in ordinary. 'We learn, by electric telegraph, that the screw steam transport Zebra, No. 211, Captain Bate, from Constantinople, May 23, with shot, shell, gns, and commissariat stores, arrived in Plymouth Sound Last night. Her dates are-Malt, May 27, and Gibraltar, June 3. She has on board W0 troopers of the 10th Hussars, under conmmnand of Captain Clarke and Surgeon Rooke, and the following passengers :-Lieutenant-Colonel Colborne, Assistant Quartermaster-General; Captain Vhite and -wife, Major WVilliams and wife, Deputy Inspector Lemesurier ; Surgeons Edwards,TRadeliffe, Jenkins, Puckle, and Phillips; Dispensers Rowell, Harvey, and Richards, six miners, Miss Clarke, and nine nurses, and t-o servants. The Zebra, when half a-day's sail from Gibraltar, overtook Her Majesty's screw steam transport ship Vulcan, Commander George Bowyer, disabled, having on board the 17th and another Regiment of Foot, bound to Canada. The Zebra took her in tow and returned to Gibraltar-bay. The Zebra is short of fnel, and is bound for Spithea& The Adder steamnvessel arrived at Chatham yesterday from Sheerness, and embarked a detachment of non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal Marines from the head-quarters at Chatham, for service on board the Brilliant, 20, at Sheerness. The Adder also towved two mortarvessels to Sheerness. The Acorn, 12, Commander A. W. A. Hood, fitting for sea at Chatham, is nearly completed, and wVil be out of the hands of the dock-yard artisans thisv week. Orders were on Saturday received at Woolwich arsenal to prepare 62,000 rounds of bal ammunition. There have been up to the present moment 54 bills of lading received at Woolwich intimating the early arrival of that number of store vessels from the seat of the late war vith returned ordnance and other stores. The Excelsior steam-transport has arrived, and is engaged landing 24 and 32 pounder guns and 10 and 13 inch mortars with 10,000 unserviceable shot and other ordnance stores and clothing. Most of theseguns have been morc or less damaged by the Russian artiUery; some ofthem have broken muzzles and trunnions carried away by the enemy's shot, and many are chipped in the solid parts of the metaL General Dacres in his late report forwarded to the artilery quarters, WVoolvich, notices that one gun, a 32-pounder, particularly deserved remark, it having been struck no less than 13 times. Grand military rejoicings took place at the camp at Shorncliffe on Saturday last in honour of Her Majesty's birthday. In the morning a review took place; the whole of the men, cavalry and infantry, under the command of Man, r-General Baron von Stutterheim, went through their evolutions, and presented a fine soldierly appearance. In the evening the whole of the camp was briliantly illuninated. Without any one being made acquainted beforehand with the General's intention, the drums suddenly beat to arms, when in the course of seven minutes and a half the infantry were on parade in heavy marching order, and within 14 minutes the cavalry were in position ont the ground and ready for active service. lieutenant-General the Earl of Cardigan inspected the cavalry of the German Legion yesterday at the camp at Shorncliffe. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Aidmiralty :-Lieutenant Francis M. Norman, to the Tribune; W. F. Noott, surgeon, to the Victory; J. Jolliffe, surgeon, to the Impregnable,; W. J. Baker, master's-assistant, to the Harier'; I. Wellington, master's-assistant, to t.he Merlin; R. B. Creagh, naval cadet, to the Cressy; F. Cooke, naval cadet, to the Brilliant; N. Maskelyne, naval cadet, to the Virago; G. W. Hand, naval cadet, to the Sampson; R. H. C. Lawson and C. Mason, naval cadets, to the Vulture; G. H1. Borton, naval cadet, to the Archer; R. 1. SporLing and AL W. Benyon, naval cadets, to the Atalanta; W. E. R. CockeUl and J. P. Budjer, naval cadets, to the Acorn; G. lWesley, A. H. Markham, and C. C. Rising, naval cadets, to the Tribune; R. Barton, naval cadet, to the Harier ; E. H. Steel and C. Stuart, naval cadets, to the Indefatigable. lMITIT'A. The Royal Elthorne Light Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel MurrayPrior commandant, which is complete in officers. and numbers upvardsof 1,000 non-comnuissioned officers and privates, marched intoUxbridge and its neighbourhood on Saturday. All the regiments of militia which have been lately quartered at Aldershott have received orders to be disembodied on the 12th inst. The 3d West York- Regiment of Militia, under the com. mand of Colonel Ferrers Loftus, which arrived in Doncaster from Belfast a week ago, in order to be disembodied, are still kept up, their billets, which were issued for one week, having been renewed. The regiment bad one field-day on the race-course during last week, when they went through their various movements with great steadiness and precision. On Monday last the Hampshire Artillery. under the command of Colonel Burnaby, Royal ArtiUery, were inspected at Gosport by 3Major-General Breton, wlho spoke in high taLs of the good conduct of the regiment while in his district, no instance o either a district or garrison court-martion having occurred since the regiment wvas first embodied in 1854. In accordance with orders from the War-office the regiment was disembodied on Thursday, the staff, consisting of 2 officers, 13 sergeants, and 5 trumpeters, remaining at the headquarters at Gosport. The subalterns of the regiment presented Captain and Adjutant Chadwiek, with a very handsome silver cup previous to their breaking up.
Dn-scRrIroyi OF AN EARTHQUAKE LN INDIA.- The l'unjab has been visited by a succession of earthquakes, but fortunately little or no damage has been sustained by the people, the vibrations being in most places slight. The first shock was felt at Lahore about 9 o'clock in the evening of Sunday, the 'th of May. Its direction was very clearly defined as coming from the east, or a little to the south of east-a direction very unusual, we believe, with earthquakes in the north of India. It was not accompanied by the usual rumbling noisc. On londay morning the phenomienon was repeated. There are also said to have been several slight shocks in the course of the day; there were two very lively ones from the east at , o'clock in the evening, or thereabouts; and there was another at 11 o'clock. The heat during the wvhole of Sunday was most intense, and the experienced in such matters predicted earthquakes before the shocks were felt. The vibrations seem to havebeenmostpowerfulatICangra. "On the 7th," writes a correspondent, " we had no less than four shocks of an earthquake; the first occurred about 10 a.m., rather a slight one. The day continued ratlher sultry, occasionally a slight breeze would arise, and then relapse into a close, dis.greeable, sultry, atmosphere. From 4 to 6 p.m. it was remarkably so, when about half-past 6 p.m. another shock camc on much more severe than the first one, although it caused the w-indows and doors of my bungalow to shake for the space of, I should say, two minutes. For some time after (seven or eight minutes) the earth seemed al of a tremble. A breeze sprung up for about 10 mninutes, and again relapsed inito the samne sultry atmosphere, then came a most violent shock. To give you an idea of the severity of the shock I will relate to you an incident. I was sitting at dinner, when a glassfull of water on the table was emptied of nearly a quarter of its contents, the tables, chairs, dishes, doors, windowvs, kc., fell a-danchigfor at least four minutes, while the earth was all in a tremor for at least a quarter of an hour. After finishing dinner, about five minutes past 7p.m., while lounging on my couch smoking, another came on. Although not so severe as the third one, it was strong enough to snake my couch start off the stone pedestals into the groove that is cut round to hold water to prevent insects from getting about the couch; at the same time it turned me quite sick, and I felt so all the evening after. This shock lasted for about 60 seconds. The trembhng of the earth was not so manifest in this case. I have made inquiries in this rather interesting city, and the oldest inhabitant states that he never felt such severe shocks, neither have there been shocks in such rapid succession.- Indian Paper. SPLEN-DiD PIECE OF PLATE.-A piece of plate nearly four feet in length, three feet in height, and of corresponding width, representing the combat of two stags in the park at Bradlgate, and consisting of a group of ten deer besides the combatants, has just been executed in silver, at a cost of nearly 3,O0O guine-s, at the establishment of Messrs. Haunt and Roskill, of Bond-street, for the Earl of Stamford and Warrington. The whole of the statuettes of the animals and the scenery by which the landscape is made out were modelled by Mr. Alfred Brown, who has succeeded in transmittingto his figures the fire and animation which are to'be found in the paintings of Landseer and Ansdet The w6irkmanship is very elaborate. 'This is perhaps the largest work in srlver connected with the fine arts that has hitherto .7n produced.
.NICARAGUA. The following is the protest of Senor MIarcoleta against the recognition by the United States of the Walker-Rivas Government in Nicaragua - "Washington, May 17. "The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Nicaragaa near Her British Majesty's and other European Courts, and who has latterlyexercised the same functions near the Government of the American Union, invited by the Secretary of State of the United States, hastened, on the 14th inst., to the State Department, where ho was forma}ly notified that his diplomatic functions had terminated, the President having decided on receiving and recognizing, on the said day, the person designated to. represent at Washington the Govern. ment of that republc. " The undersigned orally protested, as it was his duty, against such a decision, and in his turn declared to the Secretary of State his intention to immediately address a inuilar protest to all the foreign Ministers and chiefs of diplomatic missions resident at Washington. " The undersigned is unable to discover the important and weighty reasons which may have prevailed with the Government of the United States for-abandoning at present the policy which has been opportunely and wisely set forth in the notes of the Hon. Secretary of State for the United States, under date of the 21st of December, 1855, and the 7th of February, 1856, directed to the Minister of the so-ca'ded republic of N\icaragua, when he was soliciting his reception and the recognition of his official chaI racter. Perhaps there were then prevailing reasons appa- rently more plausible than those which to-day are assigned for the justification of a political act of the greatest importance and consequence. " ' Those who destroyed the former Government of that State' (Nicaragua), said the secretary, on the 21st of December, 1855, 'were not citizens of that republic, nor have those who realy are so, or any considerable portion of them, manifested, as far as it is known here, their free approbation of, or consent to, the present state of political affairs in Nicaragua. Until this shall happen the President does not deem it expedient to receive either you or any other person as Ainister of the Government of the Republic of Nicaragua' " WVhat is now the condition of the said Republic o Nicaragua, or rather that of the invaders who left the ports of the Union, armed, organized, and, in many cases, re- cruited, accompanied, and even officered, by the special I agents commissioned by the chiefs of the Filibusters ? Certainly in various instances the authorities were obliged to interfere, and actuaUy interfered, in order to maintain intact the legislation and even the honour of the country; but, nevertheless, Nicaragua remains inundated with blood, and infested by the presence of the same men who derided the laws, mocked the authorities, and left these shores in the presence of the same federal authorities. "In answer to a communication -wherein the Charg6 d'Affaires of Costa Rica complained of so grievous an offence, the hon. State Secretary of the United States replied under date of the 10th of December, 1855:- "'The undersigned is informed of (American) citizens who took part in the struggle, having been caUed in as auxiliaries by citizens of that republic (Nicaragua). If, by accepting thisinvitation, they should have violated the duty imposed on them by the laws of the United States, they will he called to account as sodn as they return under the jurisdiction of this country.' " Long would be the list of names of those who, having openly violated the laws of this republic, visited and afterwards recruited in the cities of this country, leaving again in company of their troops, without the federal authorities ever calli-g them to account for these open violations of | the laws. " The rasons which, officially and officiously, are to-day alledged for the justification of the acknowledgment of a state of things created and maintained by American adventurers who, more than once, have been qualified by a highly placed public functionary as pirates, robbers, and assassins, and as having dishonoured the Union, would, perhaps, have been more opportunely adduced at a former period; whereas they seem to ignore the treason perpetrated in Granada on the 13th of October, 1855, of Ithe circumstances which preceded, accompanied, and even nullified the capitulation of the 23d of the same month, concluded and signed, not on a neutral territory, but under the terror of American bayonets and revolvers ; not by legal and legitimate means, but by moral violence brought to bear upon General Corral, who was compelled to hasten to Granada, and who actually went there with the sole intention of saving the life of a considerable number of inoffensive and distinguished Nicaraguan citizens, who had been inhumanly thrown into prison and threatened with death unless the General-in-Chief submitted within a fixed term to the lnjust, Vandalic, and atrocious demands of the Filibuster c h2feither have there been taken into account the unpopularity and isolation of the Filibusters, nor the emigration of almost all the principal proprietors and merchants, the military chiefs and officers of inferior rank; nor the violence exercised over the population, wvho are impelled by bayonets to stay in the cities the long to leave; that unhappy and innocent population who have been condemned, for a periodof eightmonths, to pay as many contributions or forced loans; nor the aliance of the other republics of Central A\ merica, which esteem their nationality and independence threatened; nor the silent andcold attitude of the masses who fear for their existence, for that of their families and friends, and even for the conservation of the miserable rags which the rapacity and greediness of the Filibusters have until now left them in possession of. "Neither has there been taken in due consideration the considerable number of Nicaraguans enlisted in the ranks of the Costa Rican army, nor the presence in the same army of one of the sons of the Provisional President Rivas, nor the recent and continued defeats of the Filibusters in three consecutive attacks, nor the loss of their positions, and of their chief mode of communication, the Transit line. F Finally, there has not been any consideration for the loyal sentiments of a people consistent and faithful to their friendship with the United States, from -whom the Union did never receive any serious or premeditated grievance, bat rather experienced condescending deference and concessions, which, it must be confessed, have brought the republic to the brink of the precipice and consummated its ruin. "Misery and tears, spoilation and blood, devastation and mourning, such have been the recompenses awarded to the Nicaraguans by their military oppressors and by the sympathizers here, who pretended to defend the integrity and independence of ?.icaragua against what they call British aggression, with the same force and energy they employ in their defence against the fdrcign invaders. " The sympathizers who, accumulating errors and sophisms, eulogiz e and proclaim the legitimacy, popularity, sand nationality of that atrocious military dictatorship wvhich at present prostrates a defenceless people, might well be asked what would become of the Provisional President Rivas, if, in virtue of his false independence and liberty of action, he dared or even thought of taking the military command from the Filibuster chief? The undersigned leaves to the public conscience the task of solving this question. I It is cited as a conclusive and decisive argument that the invaders have been invited into the country. It is true they have been called in by a handfal of rebels, and a bitter and impotent threat is uttered against Costa Rica, because ith patriotic feeling she hastens at the first call of the legitimate President, dismissed in San Fernando on the 23d of October last, and answers generously to the cries of a portion of the common country, put in irons aid oppressed, and to the voice of a people vwith whom she is united and identified by so many ties. " The undersigned hoped that reasons of high and well calculated polcy, and principally the exceptional position and relations of Nicaragua in regard to the American people and Government, would have been, and ought to have been, of some weight in official deliberations, and would have led to the abstaining from all moral or material interferen.c in the struggle, leaving to events and the natural course of things the decision of this matter, and avoiding thereby to foster the sometimes unjust, but sufficiently justified, commentaries, saspicions, and jealousy of the nations in general, and in particuLar of the Spanish American Governments and Republics. "-The undersigned, convinced that this recognition i volves the most ilagnrant violation of divine and human laws-that it is an encouragement and a sure guarautee of Filibusterism-a tacit approbation of the violent acts perpetrated on an independent and friendly people, and a stimulus to let loose the most violent ambition and aggressive passions, feels himself under an oblgation to pronounce a solemn, legitimate, and well-founded protest against it. "It is, likewise, an imperious duty of the undersigned to vindicate the church of Granada, which is that of Nicaragua, Central America, and the whole Spanish American continent, against the perfidious insinuations and calumnies proffered by the most criminal, indiscreet, and ill-conceived zeal. hn despite of the licentious declamations of one party-in despite of the aspirations, desires, and attempts of the demagogues-in despite of treason and apostacy-the church of Granada regards, and will coatinue to regard, with an ardent and tender interest events so nearly affecting the faith, the holymaxims, the doctrines, and venerable traditions of its past. "A nd, all hope in human justice being lost, the undersigned will, with resignation, confide in the sometimes tardy but sure and inflexible decrees and effects of Divine justice; for God, who with lova watches over all his creatures, never permits the consummation of atrocious acts to remain unpumished when the victinis are innocent. " The undersigned asks the - to be pleased to bring the contents of this despatch under the kiiowvledge of his Government, and, at the same time, to receive the assurance of his high consideration."
VAU-XHALL G.ARDENS.-The warmth and fineness of the weather co-operated last nighbt with a long programme of sights, exhibitions, and amusements of all sorts to attract to this favourite place of public amusement. a company numerous enough to remind old Londoners of the - days when mnltitudes patronized the walks, and the celebrated Simpson was in his prime. The great attraction was the equestrian performance of the trouipe of riders from the Cirque Imperial at Paris. Both the ladies and gentlemen of this cornmp any are entitled to the highest praise for the professionafeatswhichthey displayed. The vocal and instrmental concert was also entitled to praise, and the fireworks and illuminations were such as Vauxhall has been long famed for exhibiting. Among the most prominent of the improvements must be noticed the arrangements for dancing and the military and other bands; these are complete, and dancing was kept up till a late hour.
LONDON HOSPITAL MEDICAL COLLEGE. Yesterday the Council and Professors of the London Hospital Medical College met in one of the lecture-rooms of the institution to distribute the prizes awarded to the more meritorious of the students during the sesdon of 1855-6. The Bishop of Oxford occupied the chair, and Lord Auckland, the Bishop of Bath and Wells, was also present at the ceremony. Mr. William Cotton. the chairman of the Bank of England, and several other of the governors of the hospital were likewoise in attendance, and most of the professors, including Drs Letheby, Little, Parker, Carpen. ter, Rlamsbotham, and Davies, and Messrs. Curling, Critchett, Adams, Ward, GCowlland, and Bentley. The Bishop of OxrORD said they were met together in order to add, so far as they were able, the testimony of all the members of society of sympathy and good wil towards those among the students of this college who had distinguished themselves in their career by those qualities which promised future eminence in their profession, as well as manifested present attention to their duties. It was a matter of great pleasure to himself to be present on that occasion, affording, as it did, an opportunity to him to testify the deep interest which the Church of this land, and, indeed, all the religious bodies in it, took in the object which gathered them together that day for very many reasons. They considered the healing art, as it was now developed among ns, as one of the many blessed results which Christianity had brought in its beneficent train; and thereforo it behoved all men on all fitting occasions to aid,tif it were only by the slightest word of encouragement, those who, amid many difficulties, were seeling there-and in other kindred institutions to perfect those faculties which Almighty God had given them, in order to discharge the most important, and in many respectsthe most delicatefunctions of which any members of the whole body social could be made the future administrators. (Hear, hear.) Mhr. LVuxEa one of the surgeons of the hospital, having addressed a few words to the chairman, expressive of the thanks of the governing body for his condescending to preside on theoccasion,-a circumstance which had greatly enhanced its interest,-the Rev. Prelate proceeded to distribute the prizes. The gold medal of the governors of the hospital was presented to Mr. J. Langdon Down, of Torpoint, for zeal and talent in the department of clinical medicine and humanity towards the patients. The Governors' goldmedal was given to Mr. Thomas E. Ruttledge, of Faringdon, for similar qua]ities shown in the department of clinical surgery. '1Mr. Down also carried of f the gold medal in the College class of medicine, and in the departments of surgery andmidwifery, and the silver medal in that of forensic medicine. Mr. Joseph Giles, of Frome, took the gold medal in the department of anatomy and physiology; and Mr. Harry P. Major, of Hun- aerford, the silver medal in the same department. Mr. RobertI,. Bayley, of Limehouse, was presented with the silver medals in surgeryand iltiate2-iaAf(t*a and certificates of merit in the Colilege class of medicine and midwifery. The silver medal was given in the Colleon class of medicine to MIr. James S. Hawikins, and in chy. nistry and bQtany to Mr. E. Harford Lloyd, of Thornbury. Certficates of merit were also awarded to Mr. E. lawrance, Ipswich; Mr. Alfred A. Taylor, m Limehouse, Mr. . A. Page, Bedworth; Mr. Walter Rlivingtan, Holloway; Mr. F. E. Ryott, lewbura; Mr. R. Debenhami Dalston; rmr. E. M. Shirthnff, einbury; and Mr. J. S. Hiawkins. The Bishop of OthORD then addressed the students in an eoquent speech on the general subject of medical science, in which he particularly adverted to the advantaoes resulting to the student of medicine and sulrgery at this institution from the umion of theory nnd practice which it afforded, and strongly inculcated a spirit of humanity in the exercise of their Profession. On the motion of Mr. DOWN~ the thsanks of the students were accorded with acclamation, as were also those of the governors, on the motion of Mr. W. COTToN, to the rev. prelate for presidirg at the ceremony.
THrE TIuxs.--SowurTnAroN, June 0.-The Royal mail steamship Avon, Captain Revett, sailed this afternoon with the mails forLisbon, Madeira, Teneriffe, St. Vincent, Pernambuco, Bahia, Rio de Janeiro, Monte. video, and Buenos Ayres, and 59 passengers, among whom are the MEarquis Vianna and family;* and on frieight 78,6501. in specie, lG,8001. value in jewelry, and a full cargo. The PXlata, Captain Weller, wvith the next mails from the West Indies and Pacific, is expected .about the 14th inst. The Parana Captain Wilson, will sail on the 17th with the outward West India and Pacific mnails. The Peninsau lar and Oriental Company's steamer Tagus, Captain Christian, sailed on Saturday, -with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 40 passengers, 1.0001. in specie for Lisbon, and the usual cargo. The Sultan, Captain Cook, with the next Peninsular mails, is exnected a out the 14th inst. The Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, will leave on the 17th with the outward mails for the Peninsular ports. The screw steamer Almna Can. tain Evans, sailed on Saturday for the East Indies, vtt the Cape, to take a station upon one of the mail lines of the Peninsular and Oriental Company. The United States' steam3ship Fulton, Captain Wotton, with the French and EGnglish mails, is expected to arrive off Cowes, CZ route to 3Iavre, about Briday night. The Franco-American screw steamer Alma, Captain Eocande, w.hicharrived her last 'week to bays some repairs made in her screw propeller, will probably sail for Now York on Wednesday.
CHARGE OF BRAWLINKG AGALNST A CLERGYELArN. -We stated in !feic Times of Saturday that a charge of brawling had been preferred by Air. Samuel Carter, i-n. churchwarden of Bampford Speke, against the Rev. G. C. Gorham, the vicar of that parish, and that five commissioners had been appointed by the Bishop of Exeter to inquire into it. After examining a number of witnesses on Wednesday and Thursday at the Chapter-house of Exeter Cathedra', they adjourned until Saturday, when the Rev. Chancellor hlaztin announced the unanimous decision of the commissioners in open court, -which was to the effect that they had not arrived at their decision without experiencing considerable difficulty and doubt, arising from the unsatisfactory and conflicting nature of much of the evidence, but they thought that there was clear and complete proof of indiscreet conduct on the part of Mr. Gorham, though it was very uncertain whether further proceedings, if instituted, would establish, on such evidence, the legal offence charged. In that uncertainty, corsidering that, i? they should pronounce there was not sufficienb ground for such proceedings, they would be "concluding the complainant" without any appeal, they felt it to be their duty to declare that, in their opinion, there was sufficient pr7nw4 facie ground for instituting further proceedings,
CAPITAL PUrISHMENT. Last night a publEc meeti, convened by the Society for I Promoting the Abolition of Capital Punishment, -was held at the London Tavern, in support of the motion to be made in the House of Commons this evening by Mr. lVlMiam Ewart, XP., for a select committee to inquire into the operation of the existing law imposing the punislhment of death. The meeting was numerously attended, but there were few, if any, persons ofnote on the platform. Several members of Parliament, including Mr. Ewart himself, who had been invited, sent excuses for not being present, on the ground of attention to their public duties, though that gentleman hoped to be able to join the meeting before itseparated. Mr. EDWVARD WEBsTER, a Chancery barrister, who was called to the chair, said, the subject of capital punishment in eases of murder wvas at this time one of absorbingimportance to the mind of every man who took aninterest in the social condition of this country. Nlot only had they had a trial unex ampled, he believed, whether they regarded its duration or the extremely interesting circumstances attending it; but they had at that momuent the prisoner who mgderwent that trial solemnly asserting his innocence, and they had a verdict of a jury which might or might not be in perfect accord 'with fact. 'Whether that verdict was a righteous one the intelligent public of this country would form an opinion. (Hear, hear.) He would refrain from expressing any opinion on that subject, but he would say it was possible that it might be provedto the satisfaction of averylarge,1highly educated, and scientific class that it was impossible-having regard to chymical laws-that Cook was a murdered man. (Cheers, and some disapprobation.) The society at whose instance this meeting had been called held, first, that capital punishment was contrary to the law of God; secondly, that by no possibility could it have the effect of preventing or diminishing murder; thirdly, that it had a direct tendency to increase iti andfourthly, that it was a punishment which a highly civilized nation ought at once to abolish. (Cheers.) The great difficulty with which they had to contend was the theological or relgious oppcstion which they met with among the great majority of educated people, who held sincerely that there was a mission from the Almighty to put a murderer to death. He contended that it was the province of the Deity alone to take away human life who had the power to create it, and that man had no right whatever to destroy his fellow-man. Was the taking away of human life, under anl circumstances and in all cases, unjustifiable ? Certainly not, because the first prnciple of all human society was its. protection; and therefore there might be just and necessaxy wars, and circumstances in which it was just and right to inflict capital punishment. Bat the principle of nature was against.capital punishment, and those who wished to disregard that law in that respect must be in a condition to show that murder was prevented bythe frequency of capital punishment. He believed the fact to be quite the reverse, and in proof of that he cited figures to prove that in the seven years betwveen 1604 and 1811, when capital punishment was abolished in the Presidency of Bombay, the convictions for capital offences underwent a marked diminution as compared with the seven years between 1756 and 1763, when capital punishment was in force. The late Sir James Macintosh, wihen in India, in a charge to a grand jury, mentioned that experiment as one whichhad been made withoutany diminution of the security to life or property, adding that 200,000 men had been governed for seven years without recourse being had to capital punshment, and without any increase of crime among them. (Hear, hear.) Adverting to the theological question, he held it was capable of proof that neither according to the Jewish dispensation nor the Christian was capital punishment reconcileable with the will of the Deity. Se would remind them what the Almighty did in the case of the fratricidal crime of Cain. He setsa mark on the first murderer, lest any man meeting him should slay him. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible to havesa mote awful manifestation of the will of the Deity than that which was shown in reference to the first murder committed by man. He contended that the Levitical law on this subject was an exceptional one, and applicable to the Jews, and to them alone. The doctrine of repentance in the Christian economy was, that a man might make his peace with God at any time before his death; and -surely the man -who had committed the greatest crime required the longest interval for repentance. (Cheersandhissing.) He believed it to beproved that all murder proceeded from an unsound condition of mind (oh, oh); he bdieved also that the time was coming when this enlightened and religions nation would look back on the publc execution of a human being, hung up by the neck and strangled like a dog, with the same horror with which they regarded the fires of Smithfield, the thumbscrew and the system of gibbeting men alive, which P revailed inna barbarous age. (Cheers and disapprobation.) The Rev. HENRY (CunISviras moved the first resolution,- "That capital punishments are not authorized by the spirit of the Christian dispensation; that they are demoralizing in their tendency, and fail to answer the end for which they are designed." After a passing tribute to the extreme fairness and impartiality observed on Palmer's trial, he proceeded to argue the question on its theological merits. He admitted that undervheMosaicdispensationa greatnumberof offences were pupishedcapitaUy,butcontendedthatGodgovernedtbeJews in awayinwhichnoothernationonearthhadbeengoverned; that their laws, which were those of a theocracy, were exceptional, and could not be applicable to a state of society governed on entirely different principles. He had no 'sympathy with criminals, and no objection to the utmost severity of punishment, provided life was spared - but he argued that, simultaneously with punishment, the greatest criminals should be given an opportunity of repentance for the sins they had comnaitted commensurate with the remainder of their lives. He also maintained that our laws were based on a principle of expediency, and pointed out the happy effects resulting from the gradual abolition of capital punishment for minor offences n this country inthe decrease ofthat class of crime. He cited a period in the history of Tuscany to show that when there w as no capital punishment there murder decreased, and that when it was restored the crime became more frequent. The Rev. H. RICsRDs, secretary to the Peace Society, seconded the motion, and in doing so discussed the question on its own abstract merits, without reference tothe case now agitating the public mind, and assumed that it would be admitted by al men that capital punishment in itselfthe public strangulation of a human being, the premature extinction of life, the arbitrary abridgment by human authority of the period of human probation allotted by Heaven to a human being-was not desirable, if it could be avoided'. He maintained also that the commend given under the Mosaic dispensation, "W hoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed," was altogether abrogated by the subsequent and purer dispensation of Christ. He asserted, as an undeniable principle, that all laws which obtained under the Jewish dispensation andwere not re-enacted by that of Christ were repealed bythe'later economy. He did not find the law of blood for blood any where re-enacted in the New Testament, and he argued that the ic taelioais had been expressly repealed under the dispensation of Christ. Passingfrom the thetheologicalquestion,heproceeded-tocontendatsomelength that all the ends intended to be promoted by the infliction of punishment for crime were defeated by capital punishment, which by the ex,inction of life deprived the unhappy subject of it of aU opportunity for reformation and repentance. He drew a graphic picture of the interval spent by a capital convict between his sentence and execution, and maintained that capital punishment -was no reparation to the friends of a murdered man. He also stated, as the solemn and deliberate result of his own understanding, and of all that he had read on the subject, that public executions, so far from being a restramint on crime, were themselves a school for crime, by bringing men into horrible familiarity 'with the destruction of human life, which hardened the heart and debauchedtheconscience. He could say with a clear conscience nnd 'with an emphatic voice, having regard to every possible interest of human society andreligion-down with the gallows. (Cheers.) *r. FARsuER, a working man apparently, sought, amid considerable opposition, to justify capital punislment, on the ground that it was the only adequate punishment for the crime of murder. The resolution was then put and carried almost unanimously. The Rev. Dr. BunxS, a Dissenting minister, next moved, and supported in a speech of some length, a resolution to the effect that the system of private executions, which were often proposed as a remedy for the acknowledged evils attendant Upon public executions, would not remove the most objectionable effects ef a capital penalty, while it would be an unconstitutional infringement of the public administration of justice. The motion was seconded by Mr. E1n]N-Ezms CLERKE, who contended for the principle that a man who was not fit to live was not fit to die. It was supported by Mr. DnIO,nD, who argued on statistical evidence, amid symptoms of opposition, that crimes formerly punishable with death had decreased since the capital punishment had been remitted, while it had been directly the reverse with respect to the crime for which capital punishment was retained. Mr. HOrGOOn briefly addressed the meeting, contending that this was not the proper time for discussing this question dispassionately in the present state of the public mind, amd that it ought to be argued on its own abstract merits. Mr. MAsox complained of the attempt made by the majority of the meeting to stifle free discussion in this matter, and added thatif the abolitionists would prove to him that the puihent of death for murder was un-Christian and sound, he would become one of the warmest advocates of their views. The resolution was then put and carried with a few dissentients. On the motion of Mr. Fny, seconded by lMr. BIGrES, a petition to the House of Coimmons, embodying the resolutions, was agreed to, signed by the c'hairman on behalf of the meeting, and directed to be sent to Mr. Masterman, M.P., for presentation. The meeting then separated.
CBUELTY To CBRMIIN.AS. TO THM EDITO:ROF TBZE TI3ES. Sir,-Sentimental tenderness is the craelty I complain of. There are few families which do not afford some proof of the evil of it; but never, perhaps, has it received a livelier or moro painful exemplification than in our recent deaEn-s 'with convicted murderers. To one so deeply hardened in mind and conscience as the deliberate murderer there can be no greater nor truer mercy than that he should be forced to contemplate the death to which he has been sentenced, as certainly awaiting him, and at a certain time. In this sharp remedy lies, with sunch a mind-spealsing humanly-the one last hope of its spiritual awakemng. Firmly to apply this remedy is, therefore, merciful; to 'withhold or tamper with it is cruel The latter, however, is unhappily the course which we have latterly been taldng. Surely the very censure which Crabbe has passed so forcibly on the quack in m edicine may be applied -with stiU greater force to every man of morbid sentiment -who tampers 'with the doomed hours of the convicted murderer:- "What greater evil can a flatterer do "Than from himself to take the sufferer's view ? "To turn from sacred thoughts his reasoning powers, " And rob a-sinner of his dvinz hours I" :E. 2 JDne 7.
SHIP NEWS. LIVERPOOL. 3nN-m S. Esid -The Succej for Rio Grande-tre Helen sMd Eizabeth, for Rotterdam-the Altje Prootz, for St. oetevsbirg-the lce Jane, aos JTamuaics.I'fe Courant, aorbNew Yorw. Wmi 1Y ~~~Jr.XIE 9. The steamer Baltic, hence, arrived at Ne.w York on the 27th of Mayr;The steamerAfrica, hence, arrived off NewYork on the 2Sth ofsay* Tbe brig Success is reeked on Magdalen Islands. The steamer Plita, for Santander, has put back wvith machinelR cla,~ed_ The Presdent, from Liverpool for Boston, -was abgmconed off tha anla, and sank, her bow havmng been stove in by ice; crew taken oe per Coluzbine, at Bristol from Quebee. Arrived.-The Pons fiEl, from CaDlo-the Alary Bibby, front Trinidad-the Hannah Lockitt from St. John's, New Brunswick-the Aldaand theEclipse,from Ostend-he Loochristie, from Ghentthe Juliu Hendrices from Dantc-tbe Nano, from Hambur-the Eliabeth fromrBarsadoes-the Wa Coola, fm Jersey-the WiDim Rogers, frm New Orleans-the Birmlingham, from Mobile-ther Nluovo forrit fromf-lhebA sthe Jeremiah Thompson, from Ioston, Ot-The Mermaidi the Silas Wright the Concord, the Concordia. Sailed.-The Kate Hunter, for Philadelphia-the Orient, for Nemt York-the Snterprise. for Valaroalso. Lo.snos, June 9.-Wind at nOOn, S.WV. lighthbreeze, sainde, PFrobrt, June 7.-Windr,W.-Arrived ofa -The Alliance, fmron Rmagoon, for orders, and sait-for London-the Canasta, from Deme-trars, for London-the Mary Russell G frm Hanush, for orders, J ane sriled for Bristol-the A Snette Smith, frm Ans Capes, for orders nd Atw erp-the Felicity; from Santa Craz. Cuba, for orders and tondoMn, Arrived.-The Eccole. from Philadelphia-the Otodini and Om ar jabsh, from Havsanf ath-e ,Lue,a frm Magar,ue-the aRbo, roes Pariba-the Flora Muir, from Havan ah-tte Sofia, from Syraa Ssiled.-The Satellite for Belfast-the Faerie Q,usene, for Bristol-thee Albyn and Mrerchant. for London-the Grecian, for Hull, June 8.- Wfind, WV.S.WV.-Sailed, the Stephanie, for London, Bsrcsvos Jmme 9.-Wisd, W.i4.W. :. light, flue.-ALrrived, the Den. jamin BoA, f-e sAfrica-the Lucyand the Maria, from Barbadoes- t.he Alliace, from Bremen-the Ann anld MiacisaaC from Tralee-ther Dove, from Arklow-the Alfred, from london-the Montague, from Liverpool-the Ann and John. from Montevideo. Sailed, the Nfew rgaret, for Hongkong-the Prince, for Jersey-the Eliza, for Cardi= -the Calypso, for l)ahlia, HXoavirna, June 7.-The Planter, from New York for Liverpool8 passed a large iceberg on the 22d of Ma&y, imIat. 42,long. 51, MAnnrIau, June 2.-Several spare, including the forem.ast of a yes. selof about 400 tous, a mainmast, Otfeet from kelson to top, and a sw;ingingstnddingsailhoom, tffeetlong, have been lately picked up about this island, ST V*snsz CAPE VrsD, April 26.-A few articles have floate asho-e from thereck of the Vandal from Liverpool for Arnbrir. which struck on Hartwell Reef on the 3d of April, and have been sol& at aucUon for £17 is. The crew were saved, GRAVESEND, Jurs 8. (By Sunmaauns AND BRrs!n TErrArxrj (From Lloyd's.) Arrived-The steamer'Lion, from Harlingen-the steamer Adoente from Amsterdam-the Northumberland, from NewYork-theAndrew Jackson, from Licata. Jnsrs 9. 9 30 a.-Wind, W., tide, half ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Rapid, from Lisbon-the Robins, from 'he Maurf. inus-theLordGeorgeBentinck, from Antwerp-the Alliance, from Santander-the Tarsa, from Mogador-the Oscar, fromfDrobach-tho United, from Oporto-the Elles, from Iquique-tbe David, from Guernsey-the Carolinda, from Cnerbourg-the Matilda, from Trinidad. -the Ercelsior, from Balaklava-the City of Hamburg, from Hamburg-the steamer Ravensbeume, from Antwerp-the steamer EyC. noord, from Rotterdam-the steamer Seine, from Boulogne. 1 pan-Wind, W.; tide, 1 hour's flood; fine. No arrivals. 3 p.m.-Wind, NT.; tide, 3 hours flood; fine. Arrived.-The George Robinson, from Pernainbuco-tho Portia, from Blarbadoes-the John Edward, from the Mauritiuz-the Dorothea, from Xykdobing-the Lady Stanley, from the Mauritius-the Thor, from Geele-the Orient, from St. John's, Nevfoundland -the Annm from Dieppe-the Dagnor, from Sioge-the Janije Antje, fronm Worcum-the Ohio, from Matauzas-the Olivia, from Port PhiDipthe Norfolk, from Constantinople. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, 4 hours' ebb: vweatber, flie. Arrived.-The Skinroner, from Buenos Ayres-the York Tom, from New York-the St. Andrer, from Montevideo-the Windsor. from Hobart Town-the N,onparell, from Guernsey-the American, from Cuba-the Eindraght, from Groningen-the JEolns, frorn Trinidad-the John and Jane, from Requejada-the Prince of Waler, from Calcutta-the Claudia, from Barbadocs. Sailed.-The steamer Dragon, for Hamburg. DEAL, JuN-g 9. (By SusA nrE AND Barnas TEmOPmAPI.1 (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m-Wind,W.S.W., moderate. Passed.-Tho Claudia. from Barbadoes-the Lavinia, from Tobago-; the Hormby, from the Mauritins-the Philo, from gyr-the Bonanza. from St. Lucia-the Panther, from Bristol-the Priscilla, fromm M- sina-the Prince of Wales (in tow), from Calcutta-the Sprinner, from Buenos A5res-all for London-the Augusta, from London for St, Cyprien. Anchoreld-The Bruce, from Shields for Carthagena. Noon.-Wind, W.S.W.; moderate. Passed.-The Eastern Star, from St. John's for London-the Amo' rican Eagle, from London for New York. Anchored,-TheoNorthumbrian, for Calcutta-the Aliona, for Mel. bourne-both from London. Sailed.-The Thomson Hankey, Jon., the Tady 'aliant, the Ceur de lion, the Lady Agnes Duff, the Bengal, and the Odin, outwaril bound. 2 p.m.-Wmd, W.S.W.; moderate amd fine. Passed.-The Colerton, from Shanghai for London. 7.30 pmn,-Vind, W.S.W.; moderate. Arrived and Passel.-The Compeer, from Antigua-the JohQa Friedrieh, from Boston-both for London. Arrived and Anchored.-The Colombo, for Cardiff-the Edward, fog Quebec-the EDperance, for Lisbon-all from Londen. Rleport of the ship Colerton.-March 22, in Lat. 212 a, long. 71 8 Ej sialled thershipJohn Li, orlinn, from Ayab for Liverpool; ApriE i0, in lat. 35 318S., long. 22KE, signalled the bark Rabens, from Mont. rosin for Cork . the same day signalled the Dutch ship Sam,arag from, Eomrahays.for Btotterdam;t April 30, in lat. S I^S., leag. 1S520 li1,, rig. nalled thePshipEdwardOhver,from Akyab for ork; lay 25, ing.t 37 487., long. 393S0W., paseedtheoschoonerKling Aifrod Varr Sorane Wxrsr An American ship, from L ondon for Alyata Feb. 1S. The PaLragon, from Airab for L,iverpool, Feb. 26, in Lst. 2 N., long. The American ship HindDo, from Calcutta, March , in lat. 9S., long. Si E. he Bmab, from Calcutta for London, March 9, in It. 13 B., iong. The Bremen bark Theresa, from Al-yab for Bremen, April 19, inlast 23 a., long. SE. The ship Meteor, from Manila for Quecnstovan, Larch 25. in lat. ic S., long. 5IE. The Hamburg ship Undina, from Arrman for Falmouth, March27. in lat. 30 S.. long. 41 E. The shipRamilies from Shanghai for New York, March 31, in a1t 31 S., long. 375F The bark Coxon, from Colombo for London, April 24, offrAseensiorr. A: bark, No. ,.09i third distignsishiug pendant, outward bound, MaO 27. in 1st. 42 N.. long. 25 W The Jense, from leguna for Liverpool, May 7, in the Gulf ot FMorida. T'heIronsides, fromLiverpool, bound west, May 29, in lat. 30 N., The Albert Gallatnbiroundavet Mlay31, inlat. a.N., Ioug.12W. The steamer Simla, steering south. The ship Republic, from Newcastle for New York, June 3, in Lat. 43 N.. long. 12 W. The screw-steamer No. 214. May 2S, in lat. 46 N., long. SOW. The J. B. Iverscm of New York, June 4, in lat. 49 N., long. 9 W. The steamer No. 18, June 6. in lat. 48 N., long. S W. The British MNerchaut, from Shields for Madras out 33 days, in lat, 38 S., long. 25 W. HIGH WATER AT LONXDON4IBRIDGE THIS DAY. omrning ....8. 57 min. after 61 Afternoon ...... 23 ois. after
ENGLISH ANYD AMERICAN YACHTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLME,S. Sir,-In 27te Timcs of this day I observe a notice of tha departure of the American yacht Sylvie, in which she is referred to as unquestionably the fastest cutter yacht afloat, In justice to English shipbuilders, I think it shoald be borne in mind that this yacht, on her first arrival in out waters, was fairly beaten by one of our own cutters of littla more thanhalfher tonnage-namely, the Julia, the ovner of whichisin possession of the cup hethen won from her; ani on which occasion, moreover, the Ar3ow, in all probabllity, would have takenthe second place had Lot the Sylvie, whes running free, hauled up her centre board, in which condition she can sail " anywhere where it is a little moist,'2 and crossed the tail of a bank, which her competitors, in consequence of theirgreater draughtof water,were obligedta round. Oar vachtsmen were so thoroughly roasted by the publia prefs for not being prepared with a modern built craft ol swhicient wer to meet the America in 1851 (aprocess which I ttinl; it must be admitted they underwent witlt great good humour), that I think it is fair they shonl, receive due credit for having retrieved their defeat on that occasion, when two years afterwards they were again chal. lengedby ourTransatlantic brethren, and successfillXymet that challenge with a splendid cutter bult expressly f0: the nurno,o T Tn~ Sir. -ronnr obedient servant. A 3^EER OF A RtOYAL YAU.W± UJA5. Liverpool, June6. CRTST PA1C.-Oiir S=iwa Di;, Monday. June 9.-Admiions on payment, CM429; dittop b W97i ticket.% 787; tota! Tsitor% 7,2165
SALES BY AUCTION. Hfoxton-Freehold l-roomed Dweling-hrnrse M R. ORPW-OOD wll SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday. Juno 25, at 12, the RESIDENCE, 21, Hoxton-square. with gardens in front and rear; now occupied by an old ten art, at £32 a year only. May be vi evred, and printed particulars obtained of essrs. G. and J. Clark. solicitors, 28. Finsbury-place; at r. OIrpwoood'a auction offlces, Axtitery-place, Finsbury-square; and Leasehold Honue and Shop, Finsbiury. H ENIlY HAINES and SON will SELL by AUC- Hi TION, at Garraway's,THIS DAY, June 10, at 1 precisely, without receive. the beneficial LEASE, with po-oEcsion, of No. 11 WI1 MiILL-STREET, Finsbury-square, now used as a baker's shop. and doing a large trade. A bill of sale on the furniture. together wiith the fixtures, will be included in the purchase. For particulars apply to William Stopher, Ese(., solicitor, 52, Cheapside; and at the auctioneers' offlces, 38. 1Noorgate-slreet. Furniture, 1.000 vols. of Boolks, and Effects. lI-f. GEO. ROBINSON will SELL, on the Pre- *L czices, 47, UJpper Atbany-street,THIS DAY, Jnne 10th. at 11 for 12 punctually, the FURINITtJRE of the different apartments. 1,000 veLc of books, including the Enryclopedia Britannica, a qntity of mnus.c in. Mlay l;e viewred the day prior, and cstsIoDnes had at the offices, 21. OldBond-street. Note.-AI lots must be paid"for anqd cleared aw.ay on the day of sale. This Day.-No. 25, Norland-square. Notting-hili.-Furniture, Cottago Pianoforte. a few Paintings. Prints. and Effects. FREDEPICK A. MULLETT wil SELL by 1 SL A1JCTION. on the Premises TMIS DAY (Tuesday), at 12, the FURNITURE, including the u.ual bed chamber appendages, dra;wing and dininz room appointments, fitting of the basement offices. and effects. Catalognes had on the premises and at the auctioneer's offices, in Albion-place, Hyde-park-square. On view.-Two Dayes Sale of modem JewelLery, Watches,Clock4, Table and Sideboard Plate. ac, MUESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON vill - ___ SELL, at their Rooms, Kige street. Covent-garden. To-morrow, the Ilth irstant, and following day, at 11. BReaELETS, 1-rooches, ear-rilgs, pins, rirce, shirt studs, vaistcoat buttons. head omnaments, neceklets. and other trinkets of fine gold set with choice precious stones (by order of Trustees), 300 English and Geneva watches by the leading makers. clocks. di-Ls, silverspoois, forks. wait-r candlesticks, Sheifield plate, dressing-rases, and other valuables. On view. To Printers, Poiblicans, Medical Dtbellers, and others. ESSR.DEW and EYSELL Bill SELL by N, by order of tbe Assignees. at 35. Camomile-street, letter, copper-plato, and other presses, cutting machines. large quantity ofpnublieana' and medical labels, zinc plates, bottle staropi, &c, Catalogues to be bad of C. Lee. Eeq., official assignee, Aldermanbury; at te r-ooms; and of the auctioneers. 12, Bishopagate without, opposi.te Ifmmediate Ssle.-To Contractors. Builders, andothers.-West Drayton, Middlesex, 1VTR. MIARSH has received instructions from the _V- Trustees of Mlr. Samuel Pocock to SELL by AUCTION. at the Brick-lields,West Draytoriuene the West Drayton Station on the Great Western Railway. on Friday next. June 13, at 12, in lots. about 1, 000 of capitol PLACE and other BRICOKS deserving the attention of contractors, builders, ac. On view the day prior and morning of sale, and catalogues obtained at the inns in the neighbourhood; and at Mxr. Marsh'soffces. 2. Charlotte-rowv. M.ansion-house, Very capital Investments. I-R. YOUNG is instructed to SELL by AUC- iY.LTION, at the Mart, in lots, on Monday. June 16. at 1 precisely, TVO substantially-built private RESIDENCES, Nos. i and 2, Groevenor-park nortb, near Camberwell-oate ; let to excellent tenanta, at £10 per annum each house; Three well-built eight-roomed Houses, Fa6t Cettages. Edgeware-road producing a gross rental of £128 per annum and Two very excelient private Houses in Upper Bemertonsreet. Islington. Particulars at the Mart: of essrs. Chestr. Churchrow; J. bL Weightman, Eq., SO, AsL6nghall-street; and of the auctioneer. New Church-street w,-est, E gare-road. 50, Westbonme-grove, Bayswater.-Modern Honsebold Furnlture and effectgs, iLoewood Cottage Pianoforte, Proof EngraTings, Piated Artielms km, ESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. will SELL bv _* B A7CTION, on Thmsday. Jnm 12, o'clock, at 12 for 1, the FU r the aboveresidence, comprising mahogany Arabian bedsteadLs and bedding, wardrobe drawvers, marble top wa shatands, &c,. a dnwiug roomr.nsite, mahogany cbar, sideboard, tables, &e., proo eng ravings, bronzes, chins, glees, anDa kitchen requisiites. garden roller, and engine, On view WVednesdy, and morningo of sale. Catalogues on tbepemies, rvlof the auctioneer, 3i, N[ew Church-street, Edeware- Eggbam and Thorpe, SmTev.-By Memsm WATERER and SON. umder instructions from Henr,7 Brumbridge, Req., at the Mirt, on Thiursday. June 26. at 12. r jPWE NTY-FIVE Arers of valuable Freehold and Copyhold Building Lan,it In five lo, situate on the road-si-de belweenitaines bridge and Eghasn. and a short ditance from the Staines and Ezh.am Railway Station. Aso adesirable and well-arranged 10roomed Residen ce, witk walled-in garden, poultry yard, chalse-house, tailing,and Other out-buildings, 3uate at Thorpe, Surrey. Further Psarticfulars ll npearin future asartisemeat, and may be had of aenry FareU,l ~so..s licitor, IWwolJh, I e; and vQ the auc- S1toney-8tratford, LE'cks-CpIntel FrOEehold Residence, OCeezi and (Iuns.wita immediate pose on. M 'LW- f-HEWITT has received s to BN ELL bYAUCTION, attbe bgart. TB]5 DAY. June 10. b4m2 in one0 lot, an1 excellent FREEHODLI Ladt r'ABT COPYOLI) ESTATE. consiting11 of a caLPIta family residence. oontaieing beeak. fast, dining, and drawing room, IseTen bad ch3unbeMs dres-inc room ana gooa rervanits' ofices. with well-arrnged garden and pleasure grounds, atabling. and. paddock, situate on the outskidrts Of the W~ia markt town Of Stoney-Stratford, o oulwking the Valley of th CES and wsathin two relIes oe the Wol-erion Station an the London and North-West,ernl R,ilway. The residence is atpre5entunoccupied. and immrediate poilse5sion isay be had, -May be viewed, and particulars, with conditions, of sale, had at the Mart: it -the prncimpal inns at Stouey-Stratford: of P. P. Jeycs. FEsq-. sol:citor,'22. Bedford-row; and at Mr. Hewitts offics, 1I. nart-street. BlaOMsbus-y-seeaMo Near thie it-Y-road-Mg2icble small Leasehold Investment, consisting Of Houses andl Ground Raents, prodncing £125 per annum. ,I.W. Hl. HEWITT hus received instrictioins from AMthe Mortgagee to' SELL nay AU CTIOIN. at th e Ma rt. TH1S DAY. Jnne ie. at 12. in one lot, a capitaILEASEHOLD ESTATE. consltn of four la-ick-built hore-e lone a corne, sh'ip). being NO&. 30.31. and 32 Pcrcival-atrect,~ sail o. 33. Little Northampton-btreeat. together with roundRentsre~s on Na. 29 33.31, and 32, in the latter stret siuae btwen t.Joh-sree-radand Goswell-street and producing £15 with ann m.Te whole possessyiso edn o aprido whc 1yasW er R- EWpIr TLaT d at ha aceve insruiewes and APariuaS hadL byA'tlo the at oe S. W. JThnson DA-aq. soliciator2. To Breir onail Wtes ,ej L reaehold XPubla-thVodu, ete-ang 4, with imme iat.p.esis lIAR.W. H.FEWIT has eceivea instructions to SELLby AOTIO atthe Mart. TiTIS DAY. June10. at 11 by rdr f te orsr'-e acaitLD FRTEHOL PnsIC-HgoftoUre,! eligily stuate n arinit Churchle-pssaget. orE,ly *alluaed leatherbed-lne, mmeditelya roning Feotte-lne. the~' peremisem, whec hav reenty ben -caeOar atic upreaent uoccuped, arundximmediat possssio inn,behpr.mayses -jaw e, aiewd byparticulars,ith ondthtions ~ ~ ~ it odtin of sale, a tteMr:o .W ono. Fa..;t soelicit;or,f GbrogteitnnSqure;t cay nd of teacioner,W 11, Hsatstret. aulonmehr a- ladaets 1 lr-sre:,0rnr-quare. -,s'/l)ernnnum,wit imnfit P -e,o INIR.W. H.: HEWTT hsreceived instructions to natwo a ~~~~ ttho Mart. THIS DilT June 70, at 12, highy rspecabl serate a. M Y. coam nstis-ton o a1 desh-ble Th at groun rents. he prmiesma tb P`eed ny prisionte of the tean wts, and MtluAs,itcodtosf aehaathear;o W. Rger, Fa., 3 a -Canon-rn ow. estinsteru and Plc-ca- MR. W. H. HEWITT h as received dinsructions trom teTse frSet SELL I T ATTCTMION. t the 'i-r,THSDY.ue.axt. 1o, an exeLl91snt LEASEHfors t4tigi PO ieTY cnamsitn of aihl desperable rm lookngthe maindred,b anthd rc%tly f.%aci-g5Gsebrosofaroe.Th proi- nmisean, whconareitioso prsent unic hat of the;estiatedvlue of £65 per as,d patlndlW.arhatthe Marl"t: Sl~uof C. Es -feleyaq., soictoer,ar2, ani ctlt'e-ucnioneerssoandcat.Mr. Hewitt'sroetices, 13, Hart-street ctk.Sarems inthe ReveriongltziMoneyam in the Fnds. !aer 1LRWH.. HEWITT has dreceied dirtein frmse [1.heTuseefo ale to . SELL byU yIN aCt iO N,art thWedMart,o Wenaa.July 9 . at 12o , ik n onre lot,. the ASSOLU-1TE REv,ERSION t to SWLONIIs DON onsole s.(Rt1-WrlaginTi name of igLWy rSpeCtabl trusotoes, and receivable o3ntelkdelatshiof Ralady. 5 yearsofeeagey PatsLondon and cordtionesto ae- marbev hand tofW Mehsres. in Stheward,an Vbaolutbe ReAbsltelieson to "I%owinvensand Ni orth-W ,feste ailsway Stc.Saresi thie Bucinghaoqbee anid Wrin thre rhEatr R.W.H. HEWITT is directed by the Trustee M for fSae to SELL bAU IO,at the gart, on 'Wednesday, Jul 9 a 1 oclck i theelas,th AISLUE REVERSION to als to150shresin he ncsincsshse aiay guarianeettee by the Londn ad NrthWestrn ailay,and o 20 sare in theusorth- tee, ad rceiabl onthedeah o aldy 6 yarsof ge.Paticuar andconitinsCf alemaybehalatta arn o Msrs. BelLo f Stew ard, nd LiyrI.solict-wa.49, inaoi's-iu-tlsds; of Messrs. Rooer,Bich,Inram an Wsatly soicior, 6, Incol, n'sin Absolte Reersiobto£900 Cnowh Pfinested o enmrtgaeu sttso 1I'FRW. H.HEWIT-T ihs drecectec ibytr theonstee iLl he Sl`b7To SELL by tth AUCaIOon atdthedayt, on_WednesIay Jlthe a 2 i he loT R Ets,Thevluabthe VICALAGE Iof RAMMOlIENt alisum rofet£ziit,ot amilysrm seccaredtupnia valtoane esatersnathe the twn ofRugb. in he conty f Waricf:tehle living iny the may e hd attheMart ofMesss. ell.Ste ar,ad Lloyed,r solii W.1.HEWITT hus received instructions to M I`SiLLb{.AVTITION.at theMSart. on Wednesday. July 9. at 12, a'lttcl- morehsstw esmlesfOYHaDninTE tccapialmrketo ngo's ecapo. talos toil the nea,an knear Catrs y Hl-honereI-aiy. ltuather is coed byarso)nage-ous nds onfcs n the otitsoftalvle tonof thgewlivin mayd be estimated byat carabout-s7.eepularon h undera i0 Them incumben is in he 9thyer o hi ag. e-eticlar my b haoatth Str;of- DI oart-street. It'smshey-cuFreehl. ad ls donn h on R.W.H. HEWITT has received instructions ftm MRheTrvusteION, sate th EL Mart ATOn Wednar.Jly 9.Juy at1 'clockb a mosR~EEHal CPOLD ESTATE, consisting o ~42 ce of acapby its ow grounds,on the edntirts g the town ofEgereanap continsnobe bit,elegnt rawng eam caitnd adinn room mlgbl orn of he ennt,andpaticlar, ithconitOnof sole,armaybe hand at the Mart: at he principal inns at Digwr,Samr,andWtford; o tioeers ofics. 1, artstret.Fuemsbry-square. Dau-t y_VdAluet,Elhle Freeholdl landl, close adjoining the toDwn. -I/FR. -W. H. HEWVITTL has received in stractions from Y.1 the Trustees for Sale to SELL byv AUCTION, early in July. a valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, consisting of a37l 2 acres of vad aluabewtrmsev otdesirably situate, close adjoiniing the town of P-b n xedn fartoiDrd, awaurchtohablets onmr c,datispeland, andberyeligibled-o builingpurpses raticussarein cursdofParepticnulandAr may shortly be had ~~~~~at the Masrt; att the prin-plin tDrfr;o Messs. loope Bsrh, Iaras. - nd Wail oy.d6.Linoln's-inn-11 fieds:Mesrs.Bel. Sewad. od loy. 4. Lncolnus-an-red,s;lc oand of th aucioner, 1. Hat-stret. l lorsban-sq urye. ure otblal FrehaoldrLand clobse andjoining the nt? Bna.o 11drR.W H. KEWITT AsreeiEW iS,trutin fprsom .1 TL TroteesfoSaledt SudeLL byI AUCTIO, earlye -inJul, a-I ~~~~~oelt valuable FREEHOLD ESAE ossigo 7arsoad, etbet adesiabl siuae,aclos a aonin thotowne of Let-bv and etheconty tug purp,oses com andringfnerod d newsovr the srroningv ctuntry, Pandtisuwithind thiitios of thelRugbyScoo, wiha ts confers rea Jdurailway slciommunicratins toal-epastsyofEngand,f 'fr.imiWr are iker slctourseo preplaration, anenedmashrly e trdat ,o the part;se -at the u iparl innsd at Rgy of. Mesttses. Bfell],, FrStewrd, n -Llord. sOlcTe-iry, 1 By odershoft donn the CorotCancry.-" imeibsanel "PORthers entnbor Brak,and othrs hin prsanew ofuaderee yrsofth Hieh Courrt fCan 1 crywihteso aperobvationbl Freoflthe ice-Chand.lo Sir plonStuart MR. A-RAADUKE IMVATTHEVS,wf themierson M ARIU b te ai Jdg,Iil SL, at the Mart,.o 1nTHISDA Jue1,aot3 DAY,o June10. atl12 inoone lond avaluable FREEHOLD detached sgen,dtleanly romIEIeNCr wijeth Pvlawns gardesr lesr gons andn barandcogte nar lyd omadn vhe eares, siat tLyea ntecut oFarnsea, cloeit the LenDa-bfriderad, ant narte eyeay tatis oanlioavaUaban caonditonsa of- shaale myb ad t ob Ste.-oh venils,tobulcer.sIa,nBrCapitkalsts. City-oad oM.P. otucker, soliitalfor, Sunchamers,an theanunieede-atreet ontepeie tthe eadcr whot,ajininga Alheamp, imcmedieantel oppft b'psnnn Barracs and wthin Bueh hundFrenhards PaUofne aet' ain -o.13.aceutnsofvr auableFreehonldg BouseioldnLnd,in lts. udfes MR .SMRSMABONE anATTHwilEWSwLL sbmi toC AUTION, ot the Prmie.Art aboveo.T nnWdeday. June18. abot 13 acrecsofely teremain hice HOndEvaLual FUREEHOLDEBUIdINGct nftentsbarrc dcrptmi,coremIaudinviews o the lovey protsceneryaroud Fatsalogesadandthcapastofarcenoftheaeue ileereach, adi perhapxs the only available Leaudofa lrokechrcty r ofht, Jarae bySheppabe, rdo- aet obsoutler Sandcaitlit ay liner of po istfraerecinghose capadwhichTayes Slalreadytbecome tniheatsb te eghouhod P6art ,inirsa lthe Bush Nn.OM HOrUSEmS,PavtinHtl ot ap galterrace,anDrat . Mtthstewsan ofries,tOldtewrra Ln-on No.7-s 33 Eusson-street, Slotemanir enetho Funiuertdfeca precisely, thercetMayairnng n HoUSHL FrPuRNTREadE,et caaogeo.dn 24 t thsexoplaces ofelokn the autoeRs -1, Semor-stet Eusten-square. ~ ~ ~ art TheDssrabe easholProery o th laeSs.Jamr Separd,fo abslut Sae, y oderof he adnitar. G1F . E.SHAULW RT will SELL byAUTO ,athGXULcatrTavern. thoaeAartreus K~nnihside.,:otMndy June .,a12inlt 16,itl,in lotus,s theeonTOE UE, amongtg the ground - rent, in Ceede givsa-terracie. Dragcett52trt and Dr47ot-Prrae hremu s-street9Ild, Dy 44le2s.r6et, and Earl-street, Slotne-stremt, Particul nes of.fly Faq.,s the Muen-tret afi; and of M.G . htlkr.tPaul2,aPuctioer,y 4,Soae luT ALFEDMOND anwILOATw SELL,ath rt STbLyG atl occuied byea JRLochart F2q, deacerlased, dliht Bofosyemns tfheMrt; MAHdOfGthe a ouctioner, aned IRONd stre,orP2,EUpper aker-street. hme uts labf n large,gases chlairs, sofas, couches, mahsgany pedestal sicesboard, dining tables and chairs Brussels carpts, &c - all the kitchen requisites 2an garden tools in capital condition, also some good second-hand hiousehold andioffce furniture of the usuaI description. To view,and catalogues ready the clay before. I P&Perhangings, Chimu raa es, &c. To-morrow, June n1ta, at 1 for 2 punetnolly, a huTge suna elegant assrtment of PA-PZRHAN%GIXGS, both of Frenich sand English manufacture, in rich flocks, golds, and eatlns. chintzes, damnasks, and others an manifold beautiful patterns;- about 30 chimney-piececa in statuarY sand veined marble, several atone chimney-pieces' a few paintlag and other brushes, a two-barrel chamber organ, asaia 3-ft. direProof ironi bookcase. On viewv day prier and morning of sale, when catalogues maybe had. No.13, Marylebone-street, Regent-Etret.-This Evening, June 10, at 6. -Household Furniture and Effects. M1/ESSR-S. W. and F. C. BONHAMA will SELL by iLAUCTO.N, at their latrge anid eligible Rooms, 19, MNarylebonegtreet,ftsent-st..TEISEVENIXG, at6 precinely. the supertorHOUflEHOLD F UR-NITURE and EFFECTS, withoutreserve, comprising loo. dining,Pembroke. and other tables, cheforeniebscimney glssses,cerpets. fenders wardrobe, sideboards. Arabian and other bedsteads, superior clean beds and bed ding, couche-, marble-top wadsbtands, ma hogany and resewood-framne chairs (in hai meating), easy chairs, a miagnificent rosewoDd drawing room suite, covered in, crimson velvet, a 65-octave cotta~ge pianoforte by Tornikiss6n, in rosewoo-d case, a 61 ditto by Fairchild, bogeether with the appurtenances for the domestic offices. On view;- and catarogues had of the auctioneers, as above. To Capitalists, Members of Building Societies, and others.- leasehold Estates, Freehold Mesmuages, and Two AnnuitiEs, Day' ford. Kent, producing rentals of £18 Per sanum 1~1RTDANN will SELL by public AUCTION, Ll a-t th-e Corn-Exchange, Dartfonl. on Wednesday. June IE% at 2, FIlTY LEASEHOLD MLESSUAGES, the Dover Castle bee-r shop, situate ink Heath-lane, Dartford, producing £130 par aununum Four Freehold Cottages Webb's-alley, let atz£2 l6s. per annum: the Bight and THit to Two Fourth Paris of the saleable Value of Two Cotinges, in the Waterside, Dartferd; an Annuity of £-10 peranu dorin reminde of ife ow aed 5yeas: a Leasehold Estate at WIlmngtn, ns.rDarferd cosistng f abaker's shop, cottage, and premses intheoccpaton f M. Bnks atthe yearly rent, of £21 ~anau . Mayevieedsevndaysriorto the sale; particularg Sn iieetrs nn,flsrtoci; Ir.C.Beadle, house I sal: o A.~(lASe,~ lsq, allctor Daifo~ ah~ Itb R5iieeer, wailk 4. TeAbtTaen thteCtaeadoinng ainat me i h VITori-GroTad, etana-It=syeo.en 3. Te Frehod ~ig-hoeeiWick1ae, avioknd othem Vie.Te IS is diProected, the GrEn li ubi-h e And Wine .e Thlabe Trehld Weling Keit intre t. Todoers, Tea wde.lr,iainWaerenn and othersc.-eLease.1_19:= 2% "f t h eauc ionerID.Mnrmct. I'PELLIS is directed t ELby ph Feubi othlatC- TIN t sraa=s oclil o-orw June IL, at 12,aFREOD WI& G7 PREMISES.to. fro, lanbeth-ax, bing the Wcntreaoe, dnsear the arpthd neghouhod Hawe-ithca ode tpate-ngls fronte r op. And fee deop, 18 f.Meoetwde.s,d intherfcnvnencet ordr caning bOn recenter bu-e tradove.edMayabe viewed; aed arIcularsbtiuained ofh B.coerndiin -otiedsf]~ 1q., rolicior,or. Sp.tal quare:ot thepremies; at Garraa's n atoc h ei ada he offices of the auctioneer. 150. nri.cty theAlerTTr, Victoria-roa, orinesihmentrywt ocpDation an M ELIS i direthed byttages Exectr ofthegat ELLI&..S. risdiee teto SELL by AUCTIONatGThaYColbl, a ToMa-row, Jue 1. at 12U, aomorEEowLun W1l.at uone. lot. (nlcess an conentienes oferb perfect orde hav3ghet rentrcy bithe a-nd fteandGal vaWlueofwitharyposesessio ca bad f euied. Mayrheroviewed 14m day n prior tothe sle marticlas -oith condiitionst obtainedof It. Esq*,ot snal licnse hxineris,clty3~'~'tthe offces ofthe auctone der,10. the Ctts'~s adjining MR. ELLIS is direotedxtg SEL y AUCTION, at iTt Garrawa,Ve. COenbrill, TJimeoIrraow, Junle at 2 n aceptabelt (ulO nacpel ffer be rreevouulF-mmade bynpryate contra ctj theGRMMA cUBIaeofXiOUS-a-rndW ssd-AUL TS,gv mout dl4ruicmand itin m(uae foor dofOfr-tfthing a lag ie ,st vr ronpect of? obfta.in a. s lmicon mlsotheds. and p&cottg -esy adquinemn,t tor respcage trae;hadt for5 pranunumxpiretermofe held strid er oelase dire ct fo reolder.e for a Zydm, at 301 peraz anifmm Ch Mtaybe 18Lv Le etlo S1 taRmim a edvoedb ev of th3 Fatls, o, toenaitt 31d pnrate-etreet wath Goorgesreea ioie;S way's; on the premisesf; and at theofceofteacinr,50 ofticsoften utonee r,1, ioi city.- Lreaehold InEstqentWof £g2 lent anoum net, mwell fromdth Woounder lassAb,ein condeSttionsofnalare orthtalayu. IfR. ELLIS is directed to SELL byAUCTION, at JjGarcway's, To-nhil Tmorrow, June I,a3,(Unls an 12oeiptahree offer be pr1fieviusytadeeby Irbiae vountract)tebyprEENt SIAntm PiuaBLC-HOUE aLdW PROPTyLT, inBerwck-atr_e,t wsthin oel dn. oor stn of fard-sret,chavin afrotager ofsldft. &uetrstianown esRetbed, anosttage wt lanrgeqgremes fo ai plaref trande helh frort an- uf4 etnextie terhoe3 yers, atd £a perh aoum 27ndet, onr eleaibe inr ImmnsideateuUionof purpmim ofe £h0ouSsers Gaxelet the bresp ertalete fora terra odtheentrs ofromCeestisase1841.at arnetuentlofSA £55ber viwanbm Mylbea vitlewetbexxngave of ,the tnn,adprulars, tplutmnivat codtions, mayetotaned of Alsr.Mesrsin Thomson and Bolam. solicitors Geresee.'l Hitoris,ini-ae; at Garr&i-yt;onte armses; pnua the Io xule;ai tteoffices of the auctioneer, 15D, Idin ones, city. FureeoiEtute, WemPL4u lingxeent,aot Picclesfom izoothet WOthwelr rin Abeywod Satons o h ot etRiwy 1!R.ELLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTION, at Wrs,uless 1 an acheptabuleU ofe be pravioustrelymase by prvt contrae,t, ing, ~~~~~~~~consisting of ameahdotgeieneadtreohr,brogany enietelCotage, ithhr- grdes; athera pltbfead, witgfrnta'e f 4 fet nxt he oas. ad adephwo 2 h-fet, CVer *lgbexfo naut, an theentre tat te esimaed anualvaleauofule oray b viewd b leve f tre tssits,and~rtetrequiwithep laosh bandcodtions obtined f Meses.Marti, ~hmas, nd Bhama sof&lctos cues ad t heofics f heautiner.10. Miuot-lo. mc r Fornitue.- cmpruisint Fairs Rexdellen Pincl the fotewiHU ohe toJR LI noify dirttheseidetacod RSELL NCby UTINo v;, a ainXterr0. tanhester-lnHimdnerWstminse,coeoth vthps esso) rige NOn SOurDay 'Itthe Jucne,autio 12, F they are coniseardtoin Pseof mahoen drwsame and drining Troom-2 Tsuoite, rptal- feathe. es a ay moients reehivlad eleiss Rerv des,oan wthe usualeqisite teth cahamber and itchn omayobe Wiewe dyprecdig ndmemhr o nle IIXSSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS beg TL. tlo notify that the sei-etached RESMiENCE. o. t 0, laeAllm-terrac, sthae inNgrovglelae, aeamt (ewit poasesfion) wlashamNoT BnOLT)m O SL at the recent auction. and they are prepared to Dsoeo h DSam SE by Prvthe Trmeby-pri,at tiromrtn-ty 2 Troe orot.ret Wotir-ecb,O-Feh Famitly Ruesidence, witethe prtpetingf mc. Joshn Crmmon wihpeeaseon. ESSRS. H1. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS' begl JJtOnoif th at themetchedwESJDEC elofthe late 1rs. DIPOe OFteUsIAmNTe by rivae MfrsarSTyO-2,- Tihromro-street, Wio chapel, let on lasso to) Mr. George Smith, baker, at the veryv moderate a-ou of£45perannm, cpyhldl th maorf Stepney, butnerity equl i vaue o reeold th Sc o adissonbeing only l0s., and .ItJau T, rnbai- New-inn, Ssebnd; oB.JSempale. a 1 MESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow, June lith. at 12, in One lot, (un11ess previously dispoed Of,j a DWELIG-1{OUSE a-nd SHOP, with possession, situate No. 13, Queen's-row, High-road, Tonshem-green, and a Shed, in Bo'nd-street, in the rea; also15 CoDttagesain the reir, being NXos. 19 and 20. Price's-place, and Noeal to I and 10 to 15. Chapel-place, Back-common, T,uralram-green, let to respectrable tenants ; the -whole of the value of about £1I70 per annum, a- -d held for an unexpirrd term of about 28 yeari,at areut of £57 4s.6d. per annum. MaYDbe viewed, and Printed Particulars had of shlesasn. Coode, ltingdons, aud Cotton, solictors King's Arms-yard, Moorgatosireet;. and of Messrs. IL Brown and T. A. Roberts, 22, Tbrogmo-tonstreet In Clifnceuy-" Cramp V. =Vynt,-In the Matter of the Estate of John CaP. deoeased. MESSRS. H. B3ROWN andl T. A. ROBERTS Will - - - SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To-moxrow, June n1th, at 12, in lots, with the approbationa of, and'-pursant to an order of the Master of tIre Rolls, made in thins cause, LEASHUOLI) ESTATES, comprising a dwelling-houso and shop, with possesson. No. 53, Highstreet,'Whitecbaree. -(ow forming psiLt of No 52)l heldior an unex- irred term of aboutfi? Tears at £50 per annum~i; tGreedwelling-houess *,w with shops), Not. t,12, and 13, Mount-terrace, New-road white. chapel, let at rents amounting to £84 Per annum, held for an unex. Pird trm.of 4 YaT atX7 er nnu ;and SixfDwelling-houese and Sho3,-os.,2,.4,.au7, ortgalplao,Cambridge-road, Mileendl. let at rents a-mountmng to £5174 Zs. Per annum, andnheld forsan an expied erm f 1 yens a£i5pc anum.MaDe viewed, and printed paricrlashvt grtis a th ofics f Msss.Jenkinson Swosting, andJeniasn,solcitrs 7,Cleen's-ane cty; of W. A. ~Oylsesrq.. Toldillers nod Bakcrs.-TwoBakce&s lihops, with Possession. 1IFSSRS. H. BROWN anid T. A. ROBERTS will ILLSELL by AUCTION1, at the New Com Exchange Tuvem, Marklane, en Mondoay, June 16. at ipreclsely. in two lots, by order of the Assignees of Ueor-go GresRy, a bankruPt, and With coDnsent of the Mortgagee, a DWELLING-HOUSQE and BAKEII's SH1OPl, situate No. 2, hitchael-oad,hel fo abut lneYears unexpired, at the lo Pent of £73 ler annum alsoaDwelling-housesand Bke'sShp No.12,Chuch-ane Wlitehapl eldforabouta1 yearunexpiredt.I aet £4 We amuco Mayl bet iewed fand prined hpgarticlas. halate the Pe pr'ent's-aned formbary-scnthse rsde of Wa Gel,eq,orgeia RusigeLEsq,Coe dmcn-steet-hAlsdaingusdll Wasro, B,tg Brow aundx T.c A, Roele,d in2 E%VSSS . BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS, hall ILVJL reieisrc-otSELL by AUCTION, at the Mat n odyzJn.ait in, buy. orde lofs n3aiacpal thefeortagee. TW DW ING- OUSES mande ShOPe 19aludbO, Peasant-row, WmagtonviHe-bll, wih legso7ni.Ey statedn theffe ato£r0derso DannmradhedfordHah about toimleas unexpired Dartfr £58per waySoititon,1, anew comprli-e tcomf; n~oftabess manio rof a3nd P A rKen.-Wize ndIngenxp ,ihis a aedhpgrens,v W,lig lddi lat tihepo perty, an fornamnanly yasthme resiadnceoftn Georghbed usell, ers. dresn ovomse. Alsovatsromal si-n Cottaes anruneceptoero of land inoor VtionslicneoiWitnry ingtd oomonu.r, xeln omsieo capta peasweSH BROWNl~ gre-handin T.oA. ROBEtSh heravewa staJLg recive inxetrictiboust EL byltAUCON,od andth art inecs July.i lpputs,nunless anr acceptblemoaiershl hespreviously made.th valuable esate o Wilmnth on a llboE, which wis plteasntl irsituatendth way taton,and ompise a ost omfrale gansono an modepaddck,omaentllythaered an colai eghtbe chamberwas, tioerms,ckeratry ill. iard0 Provomt oraurd, exellentoadomGestice oanced capinta pleastureen wallsied gardens,thangigod, wit CbtaePiacnwaorte stbbg lmdwd ooskbxs, Ciace house, etandrcket Clodge, and clinotevenalual farme, withe Clecst-iones ofittuabed wainthatntgilosn abu 70AUCTION oflnd in high s cuvain about. on acuresdar-e plante 12ith greldnros of whell-kniown tecellNcTUE, andprwhichna malways comanded fu-ote hages pnrabian bdthead market bedding willbs be given ofraewis,a smarlloFarm wand frt ants ation,ac idebatein the vilageno Woilmdiingtonle, cnaining about19acrles andBuslso fiearck-bita Cottauges, carpnters chp n cotage.and our mall piecesofslnd-the wheole Haverstock-hill,-o 20, Provost--road,Adelaide-road.-Vaubenine andgr exelet AuNituE,alsred brillintond Caottaed Piahnofrt WptoNS - LCIN on the Proemises as above,onTrsa,.ue1.t 12, byFrider ofthe Pr k opr wietor the. FUatURE coc, tecomprisinmaotiaanyd fouhr-posteaned mrabnbesteads and. he adrbs-cet Gson.dnin tBeles,chirs M elvt-pladBreugel 3) ma-etie adro polihdfendne Bn ieions drain lroom walnuttree ouie egonc,ocasona tal,Guido cha.s Bre-illan Cqoestabeidto r Wavoe,nte oaofrntreggfor hal china,t glass,tandkthee Bnsanitercs,3 ihogR.Bu C and Gra's-inn-Oad. Vnz rez Tuesay ad Wdnesay.Catalogues obtained at Mr. Alexander's offces Baertoc-hil, ndGray's-inn-road. Poplar and Bromiey. Middlesex. o1 j. Y. G IBBS is favonred with instructions to iL ffrfor SALE by public AUCTION, on Thursday, June 12, at 1 for 2, at Mr. Graves', Green Dragon Tavern, High-street, Poplar, 11 newly-erected six-roamed DWELLING-HOUSES of neat elevation.and possessing internally all the latest improvemenits and decorations. Situate Kirby-street, -Cordelia-street, Charles-strect, and Stock-rtreet. Also two convenient S-roomed Houses, wit-h lofty chaps1,1stuate in the EastInda-rad,Popar, oppositeotheChureb, and fourcapital Carcasses planedforsi roms ach Iartcalrs ndconditions may be had of Long Buck-by, !Nortbamnptonsbire.-Cld:-gstblibahed Freeold Ian PDwelling-bouso sand FromirEs.-B W. J. PEIRCE on Tuesday, EJ'une 17. at the Psacock lunn, at Long Buckby. at 5 in the afternoon, and in the following lots :-Lot I, A LL that old-established Freehold Inn, known as --Lthe Peacock, containing twro cellars tap room, kitchen, commodious bar, largre dining room, bagatelle room, fivebed roms, and tw"o attics, with the .arZe, garden, spacious yard. wash-house, brewhouse, etabliug, bowling ey, pigetims and outbuildings thereto belonging, estuato at Long Buebby. an the ceuntyv of Northampton, and in the oc. cption of Mra. T. Eden, at the rent of £19 DIe. per annum:- also all tat atone-built Meesuage, with front chop, tailors workshop sitting room, three bed rooms. and attir, in the ocuptio of 0r. Joh Gurney, at the rent of £12 per annum. The whole of the above porbmisesadjoin and form a compact property, eligibly situate at the corner of. and having a considerable frontage to. the street of Lon)g Buckby aforesaid. LGt2. All tbatetone-bult andalated Mesuagfacing the MEarket-square in Long Buckby, containing front shop, psarlone, kitchen, wash-house, and two b-ed rooms. new in the occupatison of M1r. WYilim York; at the rent of £7; also all that stone-limlt MSeasuage adjoining, with front shop, parlour, kitchen, patry two bed rooms, two attica, Yard. Ac.. now in the occupation ofMrl. Benjamin Stanton. at the rent of £8. Lot 3. All those Two Messuages, with the grocer's shop and other appurtenances, ituato at Long Buckby aforesaid, now in the occupation of Mir. Williamn Jeffery, at the rent of £17. N.B. The wall dividing lits 2and Lasto bokeated a a party waLl To viw thepropertY applytotho re.sp 'eieteniants~,and forpartionllaran' onfiltious id Moe-s. Asburst, San, and iJ,orrs. solicitors, 6, OIE Jewiy: MOmcs. WoO4 and France. solicitoe, 2, Ya;oc=lgeet; or tho mugWaWr, W"44tknve W%van$Qc. Potonement of Sle.e-limehouee.- Tieehold and Cipybolci Waerc- DODD begs to Hlanounce That the SALT by LTL AUCJT.iON of this alaablelPItOPE,lTY isu avoIdaly7 TOSPOE.l,NewS .d-street, June 4 t &jF&DODD is instructed to SELL by AUCTION .UI tteMart,, on Weduesday. June 1l, at 12, a S raZ DWEI,L1G-HOUIF, and PRtEMMMSI 18, Elbabethbetreet,, Chriet-a choral,. Chelsea. hield on lease for a4 tem of 0 y ears from Christm s, I1 Lt , roHn rnto X3 1QLper annure, ImmediAte kaererdnie can b gt~ articlars nd vmL-tim sale may be htsL of J. D). FlnIver -m, solicitor. a, PtZlil'-l Aat the MLart assi of Mr. - 'Dodd. s=rreor. ke. 16. New Broad-steet city. Mll-en,~a=Iuade Leasehold Bauiess FreTake& ODI.13B) hus. received instructions t-o SELL bjy A.lAUCTION, at the Mart, on enady uae A at. 12 pldclkC ~ ~y~US11ESS PREltlSts, 0.Cambrdt IM7 Mile. ata -roundrent of £ ~ 5a,dlcof, thre Trinity Board, Thee to)fr. StImWpou porkbuther ata rntaY £6 pe anum,Mgav be vriewed bs vermisionof he enat, nd astnrior ad on ions of Sale may ho fo1inicton and WestSibed.CphdadeahldPocto - MR. DODD is instrce oSL ~A CIN Mv tteUart. onWdnda.un1, W LA Hot DW-LUING-HOUSES and PDIE,Nr n ,Conett Islington, and TWO flwelln-oaeadPoie,Nw n ,td joining, no,a-hold Of the Muinorf Caenu-t hea-oeetyei tenaints at rentala sammunti to £143 Ito ann,m le rhl Prenmises, 63 St. John ateeet, Wes-t Sinithfileid; let tor.Ortly ata rental Off Li,. held uinder Mdorden Oblelo.fr nuepre emo ZS yer,at a ground rent of l3s. pr annum Patcuas ma be bad of -Messrs. (rah~sm and Son. so'ictors bndo;a h M.'rt; and of As od. sarveyor, Lie-. 16, N4ew Baf-tet iy Eed-g-Russeli-mewsm with the Nag'se He-'d PublIc-house, -ta, Lezvehold Residence Ho. 69,O. Qifurd-rOad. JAJj DODD haq- seeived instructions frGlm the Ex Pecutors of the late Mrs. DrewoAttioBSLLbYXTJOII0N, at the Mart, near ther-wakof England. on Wednesday, June IS.-st - 12 a ver valuable EREEHOLD PROPER1.'i. mnost elIgFibly ritun, 0, -It thi mrer of ltssaeli-3treet , Oxford-road, Readingk, knowni as- IusEellMewes, onISISting~ Of an ex-tensiTe range of well-erected stabing nad coach-hiouses,, lotis,aud conrenilent yard, with the Nags la-a rubilic. bouseadjoinin-. let totMr. lrowss,at a rentalof LIDper aninum, Als3 a very coneantant Messehold Bwelling-bouae, No. 69. (Yfurd-rosd. late the reridenre of Mrs Dreweaftt: heldfcr ap unexpired term of 4'], 7,ae free of rent, poes~essio~of which canbe gisFen Partioulrsaran-ti cotI_ tions of sete may be bad of Messrs. Hoffman sand Son, v-ulIetor24 Flzadin V f.1.W Hosffman. ESQ., Great Carte-r-lane. D1octors'-commonr-: at th k{at;ad of -Mr. Doddc. surveyor, &e.. ML] HNew Broad-stie-t, ei'y. Ohtiars-.t'spark about, OuS nUlerurn the Wyarten litailen tea se asuth- Wete wRa!.sy. 20 acres of krteela-d liroand,with Toansacr of Ornamental Wat-er, in the maost plctzrequ part of Oatlani's-I srkr, commanding extensive aud delightful vltses lof the xzrrcaejnain eount-y. Offering a site seldom c-qualled for maInacion or rills. ljR. 3)0DD1 is instructed by t-he 11ortgagfees to ink SELL bYAUCTION a hllr,oWdeas,Jn1.a 13, in ome lot, 2it ncen of Y.A1Z- situate in htln~-prr aving fronta.-es oaiths south and wtst to WdatlIxuf' Drive sajd Val, both *x-- co&-ent roads and skirted on the ure ytelrowtrLk.&,w foux-nres whirhbsloneto ibelwoperty. The south portionftIr gro,und is mritivated as garden the nortth par. isi pak-like, ELd divided Mthab garnden by a plantation of ornasnental timaber and -hyruls, Frotheeleateportion of the land, wh slopes to the lairs, there are extensive views of the surrounding country and river Thames. sad the,-whLole is beautifully timbertd with cedars and puorpe be.,LaeS of ins.zg qv-wfh, Scotch f6rs, and other choice trees; t-here is also an orna-. mentas ruanof aRoman temple, . ast enmnino ilsti prpryeannot be surpassed;, the dryness of the soil, supply of rr. tey,batof the scenery, distanc frmor town, aud rafiway acconmnodstio,e combine to render it peculiarly eligible, uneanued by the Increase of Lb l-,sofae-u;eorciassinthe4ocli;tyv trlaybovie,vedbyrpr.len-. tie tO -.- CWmma, on the property, and particulars and conrii!:i,hs Weylbzidge - of Messrs. Brutton and VerA, Town-hall Bethnal-greon a~t tvesat; ad of M,r. Dodd, euxTeyor, a,G, 16 RwBroad-strm~e,ly. Fi-erlrad Roume, NodsY et iltliir q al o grouind rent. j) SERS ad R BYareinsrucedto SELL by jLt, AUCTION, ttetr,e hrdy ue2 at I a a sulrstan. tially-buil'tFRBE 3DIESDNZ iuteN.6, Wood-s!teet. Spit,Iawkeid: let onles for a tmof2yer.tthlwrnt r.f £35 per annano. Particas ma ebda h ,at n tthe cr tioneers' offices,2.& ogt-tet iy IF) OBERTS adOB ilSE yAUCTION, XV, atthas Mar,oThody .T alll sti by orcer of th,oExl.cn- w: a genteel LCSHBDkEtD2O, 31,0Caversishest-70,% News Nr-rn,let toIsOhehe,atslW rent Or ;C28 r,- ALnnum Hold for a 'ermo 0 er neir at a groundl rent of;LI its, ParticuIlar mayeb12 t V am EilQ..i&* lswBro-d.Ftfreet-.t the 1lart: anad a oet n oysofcr 24, Moorgate-s,.rret, citv. Leasehold Houses aind ShsCra rad. Sahorenjtokd I)OBVERTS and ROBY-WMIl SELL byUTCTIO~,q kL_attthe blart, on Thursday, June32a12. t1, FOUIgetcelibuil iLEA prEHOLeDYHOUES and 01SHOS, s.ituat r-os. co entrance,doe co1rt per nncm. Hediforaiig antermgo 2gyars. i themray-ay sitme at a-lo retal Paticla resp maybe bam fHe ari,lr. o r superioargmat-ctareet;at theo3arte aorizonatlh Gauctionersofice, t4y toogade-sree, du l-city. .Hr1 r!~,We7c f ie ot Leasehola d R Invish Tmen -t, Blluch -oi.aiti,riongsadPin. u S-ERTS.andLRONBYr winstrel by SULL by AFAUCTIeOart, on theuPrdy, June 2.at1, oUtia,Juen,tc llEorE2 preOslD, privathe odeLaFULNG-IUSRti withportsicgRo eszey fossrcourts renc-Lorandyiron restailin,an longo geathrdni there,r. Ain,ardtin usahatfl appndae of al prncpecable an eigboudrhood,mbeing, rose1w, 13 14,an 15 insallterac, iolard-e,i, uxtn,l4 dindn rof elbrs oI of £10 pr anum, his ropet3 i OOeboaratl antiqerl cadLwtsrl with ropenraaemen prouce agrealy i crasdrpental eldriby leaes or ors o 66yeaa,at grundret oLPis each m hzigofs Paricuarsmaybebd o Mesr. Hrrion nd leT.ornDiza,Bsolctir, 6IT. hltmbre,,squcabe; Tatthe Mandt;n and a theri auctlioners'cirt, L4. R ialoorgate-airroc,waity TESSRS. BELTONI are instructed to SELL by £.AI AUCTIO'N,o ath GPremiyses an iTuesday. June 16, at 12 fet-1 palabet,LTEASE andirhonsbedstedoii) feohr beds,i berd5iyg, at thevusoa apendale of a7 perincipal and tsie counndaiy bsmbrZIS,s_vosEwo winged ean ostheCrbownues Tavern ligitly sidebards andbinue cabinet, large5 chimeyglssres,ture.Basl. a nd pL orm tha r im rpenmtbcraid ar chienatanyglss, tableand ed. linen p00ount, Tlc s of plat,l15 lveIn o boons,ider aybbe oulysviewyedxthenstre.zdayopr upios an nremr-ni o sle,andcaas ge obtained at the ipremises ;a ar;,a' of IT.W.Dilaram, Esq., Eolsiatr, 3., Suedfr-lane, uandemofryh andtiofnP.ran 4J. Bie,s CoN-u-r -be aernand Wivene and SiritEtab~Lismn, e IVIESSIRS. BELTON are instructed b toe SELL byo GkAUCTION, ati lae-dawy ',o,Tedy June 17, at 12 P2alal E .S the, lGODWIentafof£0pr Deannm, octfrtom te feembndinerEMIoS dhzieo!monguPREMIaSE theCRobinTaen eigibl cospicosyhtuate andbeng toe, bes andtIo, thpe,-tsdreettharewgpacesefromgthat immenseatdarosrgl-far Coventsto reet,nEr HayuWorket. Thfropetm Hobrn ltih ISttof d nobleeva tidiion,walt ebuits andfewrUv rearpsne,iiarst st mEbt antllennier,tat cornspicuoustand atiructot-cfronetae,The internal ragmrt D o larel eitat cab- eto,bt o ".ee and domestiofornt, -od Lars tob--e at th remie;a 'aceawy' erof21.1 W , FlaC.-eti, Erq. solcior,21 Iedfre'-ow a d o te uctoner, 4. atnces,4 Idep-1 TE. S sR. BETO arincl uce byGH thaereeivetor ofstheulteion . ton Cff riref to Solc YPELLTIb aUChe'TIO,atbb onThrsaway.s nTedy June 1 7, at 12 , the lots, le LsASEtantiaybihbitn tOed WILHLD. o 1yas dEirect from wthe fareeod r of thosear Iv-eltkNo.wi ett PRMISES the. Roi n. ery'awla Ho cnpcuusl stu a te pin the bt1ts artao thate.N.3 lendn thoougshbuanre ibHlo and wtes,a ,idth will tormsthe corneproftheLir obintnenwsre, roedda c atobmaey theautoxe` Mfietroplita Boardiof- orles, frLtom anoCbihord.o h EStrat Th property has ueex"ts- oad.expendedluponait aocusidat%blp tuun i udicius aleratints ad deorat13Ive repars Is umos. oaeir AndEi the.S AWO reqidmetsneIGHrT bacmm rcelhoo unstitll ed toie n SiELtbertAUTdishnsa, Eat bhe iewe oThrby crd Juonte it ,e1. inoetlote, Fann arstcuarnotialybinedbuat Grniys of PLL. GW Fiave8ll, garden, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~r I-s r-ecal Freehold ThveetmeIt-St. LukeDar r.pe tilerd Fer fheHL poIEtCc,witeyrd in thle.- rear, ituate anReing Nof Sand P 0r Lau'-ali, B,onhiui-plas, nEtr L-rac'e. adtMces,No. 1 DiSleto Alaore an d oUGTher,at areeivanua thesoe dpatiulrsobaiedat the Mart; andTat the auntei2,ttee' offces 4 . ltotimv-arvt, eaen,andClelafod, FEmsesx, ~taea renta of £13 Is perannum. e atu. h IU. toe SeLLnt baUn IN tth oatfnThrdy rne,a 2 4HP, Riwithpgardes, bei f Jo . 1 Wo5icuIe,uenst-a, the saale, ndpriuasotneatte-fr; and of the a ulines 4.?orinrer-setreLndo. Lodn n hinfor Esex Bye ordwtr of thesMortgagee udigerapoer uon fsalooe-prove Groundj1 Esaent Bof4£35tpee,rltnlins, ondNoa 2, owmiiarin's- hee,afl~ar Lorne W ,SS AR SONi adire Ictd b thae Txmsceived -31&instrutionsTIo ELLat the Martx, on Thurday. Jun Je12', at1. eligible LEASEHOLD of OU s. Ad Shop arntim Pensidaysec,riuet apnd berirgNo.se2.inBrowan-s-plaee, Hotlloway;hld Burli a tent, of 49%th pearsefro olthe With daypul ofmparch,1of Cnoar.3c atef £41 pcrIanm, andtundrleaedirhs the whoTle u term t.er0asa£l perVi r erena. c1ti premie a_xrt o n h crto of lily. Wrtnr-c Sau lez,rg Fyon. the 8 Laueneea high-eyly epcable uat and o rCWare xcedngl wel Uno iout,OlacBr bautnss.reing nrmoea rLom a.Tne-paue. Thste so 00 osdeal.ephat faceslthe maind HaLeway-rod. Inesrarnt.e may btepiewed Syxon piwst oftetnn,and paLime%use. pobtinedo E.13 peorer ai am. ,sliir ChR C. WARTOIN is directed by the Tru-stees to i31pi E LL b -AUCOTION, at th e 3rart o n VWeel essi JuT.e7a 2.5, at prMet of Sthpe-Worshipfu (lt orneaM ofureC, oope1tr. d al h £15S,swret ofhe Mart:eofaMessrs2.A stenbann Saullnders.uso aetd-Pread, Laurenc riporntupy-ine, sne NoftMr C aron. th, ocunion-cort, MXroxld ,-adsteet (ereod fnu rom . I,Thesdnehod li-srel t, Hg-tak1hfe ietyto 2dr aund erseolInvet. ns at.0 e Steasy,hoxt oustie. it and imeous, poduing£13 pe nuatmI 6.Tx an.. I" R. C WARTO is diected y theurrietems, to; Freehold Faml,y Residene, with four acres of Meadow Ln. ae Stalnes, Middlese, it onobour of the city bysadway, ant with a drive of Virginia Water. Windaor-park, *c. zB. C. AVARTON is directed by the MSforS.gee M. eemptorll-y to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on 1A f<Le.s day. Jun 25,a, 12 (unless an acceptable ofrer be previously ma;e).t a commodi'ous FREEOLD VILA, at Staines, known os Sherfwo.dl, adapted for a young family, and coLtadog aeven be,-l and dressirg rooms, dining and drawing rooms, lbiary, outer and innerball. servante' ofices, out-buildings, stabling. _nd four acres of meaow o da, lying compact, and abutting on the high road to Bedfent. ParticalDrs may be had at theRush Hotel, Stainse' the SCastle, W.idsor;XRng's He ad, Eghane; Swa, Cbertsc,^ Or s. in 5Ak-r. Ilt-q, folic ior, Norrich; of Messs Cahplin and Co. solicitors. 3, Gray'sinn-square; of Geor-e Hreusmnn, Faq., councter, 25,'College-hilt; at;ta AeleAlon Mart, and of,-. C. Wras-ton, auctioneer and est:ate .agent 7, 17nion-court, Old Broad-street Iremoved from Threaoneerlle-street). RemPovedfor Couventen e*re- tWestrn Auction Rooms, 16 outh- amon *-row. New- rod, Edgeware-rond. ^,. hE. D). BARLOW is favoured with instructions Jik1 su FnbDdt by AUCTION, at his Mar, To-maorrow. Junn thelltF., at12for Ipunctually, the remainingz STOK in TP.ADEf a CARVER andGILDER; conD.ttisgofbirllinntplateosimney, orpole, pier, and other looking-glas, gilt girandoles ac, tocetherwith sert e useful household furniture, beautifuly framed engravin;s, and oil paintings, sundry bar-fittings, t vo eoxter, and cther effects Oa vie; day prevaona andi mornig Of sale, and catalogues obtairea upgon application, Wines MESSRS. It-t -LER acnd HORSEY will GEELL by ittAUCTION,'f at the Ma-ct, on Thursday, Jufly 20;. l.OtSeloara of Sra's WIES, includin; some Tery val,u,ab PORT 'WINE of Qua'es, Harris,and Sons'e hipping of vintages of 180 and 164 feon fie to 10 years in bottle, together about 2SO dmozen This wine Ii biscae and can be stron*n recommendedforitebigh character. Several bins Of choke Old crus5ed Pert, from four years to seven yearsin bottteThompson and Croft':S Burmestes', Sandemnanr' Ferresfer', miA other' Ehippers; three pipes of Port wine, recently bottled, shipmed by Quarles, Harris, and Sons; 3100 dozen of oen r Sherry, ilu dI ln some old brown Convent Sherry; 40 dozen ef~ odeG Clrret, nad doaneuBucelia. Samples may be bed atanytisetm paymenti The winesna rrelying in eelher 25, Tokenitouso-yard. zin the sole cuebtot of the aructioneer, who are' thus ena;bled ~ ptedgo tientemves that tho winsa shall be dsditers i _tic'.y in acc ordanLce with the nisupies shown Toborinesredan3d tstedn titeoaass on W;C6Klnssai ;-r iOu's tths, MS.w (bealegnesmaybekad at the Mr; enelof Iss Folk Lieatn ay,ilU ef-tne giSy.
