- DEATHS. On the 14th Instt at Valetta, Maldta, aged 89, Miss Ma3 Thornton, only Ba-Ir at Sir wJillaiam Thornton, Au:duton-Genesal or Ma;ta, On the 14-h Inst.,attheiGothicHoue,Richmond,Matilda,thebelovedwife of Aleder Bain, 39q., aged 42. Onho2e1st Int,a OrtCh eshie, r. G.}. S.Witt, supercargo in heLivrpolandtzln .tra e. f.G LS On the 23d Inst. Lury, the wife of Mr. Iilluckt, of Cheam, Surrey, 2a.ed.77. deeply regretted. Onthe 23d last,. Ann, theo belovecd anad affectionate wife of the Rev. WnOa'tHward, Chariton House, Wantene, in ths 49th year of her ageOst'he 74th iust, atBrighton, George Taylor, youngest son of the iate 0. J. Goppy. Esq.. ot Demerasa, aged 28. 'Onthe 24th Ist at Brighxton, in her gth rear, Margaret Frances, twin daughter of Henry and Sophia Busney, of Wavenden, Bucks. Onwho 24thins.. adf5. James Locke, SEq., soHgeen-acrounheuro of S.; Albert-trrae Westhourns-psrk, deeply lamented by an infirm On-toe 2th Inst. at St John!s-wnod, Eustace Howvard, only EOD of JamesHo.nrenArie, Fkq., of 2S, Huwlovvnd-reet, aged I Near and 9 On the 24th Inst. at Eofleld, ner onernich, John Jamea Onslow. Esq., Post Cpapisn. Roal Ivy Inathe 81st year of his age, the only sent wivDg cen of the late A sSir Richrd Omstow, Bart.. G.C.B. and uncie of theDresent Sir Henry Onlow, Bzt., of Hengar Houze, CornOn the 24th inst.. aged 78, JohnBond. Faq Alderman andblagis. tsate v4 the Borough, Jutice of the Peace, and Deputy Lieutenant of the county of Lancater. On the 24th iDst., suddenly, alter four days'tilnes, at his fathes's rezidesce, 10. Thornhill-place Islingion, Daniel, th beloved son of air, John Gilbert, deeply regretted and esteemed by all who knew him, in he 18'h year of his age. On the 24th inst., at his residence, Colleton-crzesent. Exeter, in the 64th y trof his age, John ClampittSercombe, I:q., one of the sugisirte of that city. On the 25th inst, t his residence. No. 56, Baker-street, Portmansquare, Michael Arthur Gornasns, Eq, in t1b S4thyearof hisage, On the 25th ine., at North Weald, Ezer, hMr. Frederick Chaplin, in the 45th year of his age. On Monday, the 25th inst. at Woodhall Parlr, Wensleydale, Yorkshire, Eliabeth, reict of the BEv. Geoffy Wood, aged SS yea-s and 11 months. On the 25th inst., the beloved and only surviving daughter of the Rev. James Whiting, LA., vicar of Royeton, and late Chaplain to the H P.I.C., in Bengal. On the 25th inst.. at 14, Lower Eaton-steeet, Grosvenor-place, in his Seth year, John Littlawood, Esq., late of Her Mfajesty's Corps of Foreign Ervioe Mfessengers. V On the 26th inst., at 42, Eateon-DLce, the JIen. Cecile Ratherine Auguste ColviUe, aged 14 dayn. Oa the 26th inst., Sah, t.he wife of John Loedin, Esq., of 24, AIdes gate-street. On the 25th ist., at 17. Addison-road south, Xensiogton, the Rev. LMIzra Keny. rector of Nunnnngton, Yorkshire, In the L6th year of hisszes. On Tuesday, the 26th lnst., at S, Glocester-gardens,Carlotta Arthur, daughter of General Sir John For Borgoyne. On deth inst.. at No. S, Ionsdalesqar. Isngton, ilizabeth Harvey, tlhe Intant daughterof Joseph Burr, jun., Esq., aged three months. On the 26th Inst. at his residence, 45, Albert-treet, Rezent's-park, Eincerely regretted by a large circle of friends, Mr. Jean Franrois Baurenn, a memberof the orchestra of the Royal Italian Opera and of the'Philharmonic Concerto. On thes7th inst., at Honoyden, North Cray. Rent, Ensma Martha Vardon, in the 701thyear of her a-e, deeply regrettd. On the 27th eSDS, at her residence, 15, GlIstoen-red West Brompton, the beloved wife of Charles Burgesa, iathe 45th year of her age, after a short but zevere illnes3 of 13 dale, which she bore with the greatest fortibide.
MONZY-MARTarid0lTy~. .I TRLLIGF7 i1.1- 'ednw Een6ing. The stagnation iL the English funds continues. CoIIS1I have again been quoted throughout the day 954 to for money, and 954 for the IOth of Septemnber. The temporary increase in the demand for money, consequent upon the loan payment tomnorrow, has been slight, and the transactions general have beenunimportant. BankStock left offat 21* to 1ti educedt 954 to ej New Three per Cets2., g6 to i; Annuities, 182 to4; Console Scrip, 34 to 4 premitum; India S;tock, 233 to 236; Indiabonds, 12s. to 16s. premizum; E3xchequer-bonds, 100k to 4; and Exchequer-bills, us,. to 14s. pre- Foreign securities, with the exception of Turkish Fiour per Cents. Guaranteed, have exhibited steadiness, and the transactions generally have been limited. Turkish Six per Cents. for money and the account were negotiated at 103M. The Four per Cents. were operated in at 104, 1044, and 1034. Other descriptions presented little variation. bil-ian Three per Cents., 74 and 75; PeravianFour-anid-a-Half per Cents., 84; Russian. Fourand-a--Half per Cents., 98 anld 9.9; Spanish Three per Cents. 44 and 45; the New Deferred, 25 and 254; ar.d Peratvi Dollar bonds, 61. he corn-market waus dull this morning at the rates of Monday.- The final prises of the French Three per Cents. on the Parim Bourse this evening were 70f. dOc. for money, and '0f. 55c. for the account, showing no; alteration, except a fractional recovery in the latter case. The particulars published to-day in the advices from Constantinople of the terms proposed by the Turkish Governmnent for the establishment of a National Bonk exactly confirm the teleg aphic information given in Tie Times of the 9th inst. Some further details are at the same time added which tend to increase the objectionable and imbusiness-like features of the schemae. The general conditions are as follows.--The Bank is to have a capital of 3,000,0001., of which 600,0001. is to be 7aid up immediately and deposited in. the Bank of .angland or the B1ank of France; the institution, within the limits of its statutes, is to be entirely independent, but a certain numb,er of the directors are to be Tulrkish subjects, and the nomuination of the GIovernor is to be in the han.ds of the Governmen.t; tlhe central establishinent is to be at Constantinople, but such branches may be opened as the Government may designate. NTomoney is to be lent to the Government, bu,lt, in order to aid agriculture, advances are to be made both uapn fixed and available property, under a mortge law to be framed for the purpose; the oank will be confined to a matsmum rate oE disC0Unlt, and also to a mrtemum rate of alor wance for loans or deposits, it is to have an exclusive right Gt issae notes, payable on desmand, to the amount of 3,000,0001., which areto be a legal tender; and the Government are to wilthdraw all their existingts paper money, and to bind themselves never tou s resort to a new issue, or thenceforth alter their monetary system. Accounts are to be published periodicaly, and the charter is to ebist for 25 yeass. n return the B3ank are to invite subscriptions for a Five per Cent, loan for 5,1000,0001. at 90, to be emoployed in the redemption of the depreciated curreney. A proportion of this lohn vsint be taken by the Bank, it being a condition that the concession for its establishment shall be granted to such persons as may offer to take the largest sum. The loan is to be specially secured by the tribute h Principalitie, and the instalments paid are to be employed is the purchase of Turkfsh bonds when they are not imediately required for the exnection of the debased curreucy, which must necessarily be a wrorkt of time. Some of these regulations are not only unexceptionable, but are such asmst necessa1ray be stipulated before any persons would entertain the idea of comtniaeng themselves tothe undertaking. haong these, the provision that nofyney is to be lent to the Government, or any of its departiments, is most essential. The main defects of the scheme consist in the attempt to control the value of money, by fixingfo the smubjue rtes at wrhich the Bank ihall either lend or borrow (a feature weich, together with the nonination of the Governor by the State, seems in harmony with French rather than English ideas), and the offer to grant the concession to any persons who will made the most reckless bidding for its inistead of selecting *the most solid financial names tohat eould be attracted It is believed, howeaver, that since the issue of these proposals the Taurkish Government have seen the necessity of madifying them and that, aS wias moentioned in The b irs s of the 13th, a leading European house, n eonjmunction with other capitalists, native and foreign, is now seriously negotiating on the subject. Should the coucession hutimately be adjudicated to inferior persons, it is to be hoped all London capitaists wtill shun the undertaking, since, notwithstanding the provision that no advances are to be made to the Government or its officers, any set of people not sufficiently honest or independent to resist imwproper influences would soon evade the precaution by discounting Treasurybills without limit, and treating the notes of Government functionaries as if they here com hercial papelr Reasons for regarding all Turkish projects with caution have been furnished moreover by the conoduct of the Government in the preliminaries of this scheme, which above all others should have been scrupulously managed, but which is alleged to haveserved for the display of an amount of bad faith that must retard for some time the revival of tbat confidence which was originally broken by the | intrigues connectedr with the first loan. it is I rumoured likewise, although nothing yet has publicly transpired on the subject, that the moss respectable contractors and capitalists who have lately entered into negotiations for Turkis railroads are experiencing the impossibility of relying even upon the most unqualified and definite assuancesI proceeding from Constantinople. The P oard of Trade returns w,ere isued this morning for the past month, and again present most satisfactory results. The returns for the month oft| June shored, as compared with June, 1855, the extraordinary increase of 2,492,4921. in the declaredI value of our exportations, and on the present occa- I sion there is also an increase of 1,81s,843t. In every branch of production there seems to have been sus-I tained activity, and cotton, woollen, linen, and silkI manufactures, aU figure for a large augmentation. In metals likewtise, notwithstanding the complaintsI from some of the Birmingham ironmuasters that their expectations have not been realized, there is again a large improvement. In the various articles which areinfluencedby the state or the colonial trade, saddlery, cutlery, ready-made clothing, --C, the sameactivity is observable. together it is evi- dent that, although the absence of speculation givesan appearance of quietness to business, the industry. of the coutryE gEenealy -was never in a mnore souand or prosperous condition. Annexed is a table showing the exact increase or decrease in our exportations under each head: DECLAEO VAu;s Or BXPOLrrO2;S. With regard to imported comnaoditiez the totals are also large and appear to denote that, during the buoyancy which manifested itself in the moneymarket two or three months back, considerable orders were despatched to foreign countries for all kindt of produce, the effects of which are now felt not only m the extent of the arrivaI, but in the withdrawal of our Austmlian gold supplies to pa for them. FutUre prospects, however, may be regarded on this accoun.t with increased confidence. Almost all the irincip;l jAie of ra teriaflax, hezT, silk, cotton, swool, dyes, and dyeing tuffii, hides, and timber, have been imported in increased quantities. The rame is the case with lS and leather manufactures, while with respect to arHicles of food not only.bas there been a very decided augmentation in the'receipts of grain, four, and rice, but also in those of salted provisions, tea, sugar, cocoa, coffee, wincs and spices. At the same time the home consumption has been moderate. Subjoi&e, are the quantities at provisions, &c., Imported and taken for consumption .- ! The May Queen has arrived from Fort Phillip, and the Moultan from New South Wales, but their respective amounts of gold, if any, remain to be ascertained. At a meeting of the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank, held to-day, Mr. C. Johnbston in the chair, a divdend was declared at the rate of 4 per cent. per aum, and the report, of which an abstract has appeared in 1ie Times, was agreed to. It was explained that the losses through the Australian crisis of 1855 have been greater than was originally estimated, but that business is now gradually recovering and making progress. The advices since the preparation of the report and accounts are favourable, and there is every prospect of a steady increase in operations. Two or three of the shareholders objected to the proposed payment of a dividend, contending that the proper course would be to carry the amount to the reserved fund. In answer to questions, it was mentioned that the outlayon the chief establishmnentin Auntralia wil reach between 14,0001. and 15,0001. The new London premises will cost 4,6001., wiii a ground-rent of 5001. a-year, but the latter sum will be reimbursed by the proceeds derived from the additional offices. As the capital is stated to be intact, it was suggested that it would be as well to wind up while a full return can be ensured, but this proposal received little support. An amendraent to transfer the amount proposed to be distributed to the reserve fund was then put and negatived. At the half-yearly meeting of the Charing-cross Bridge Company to-day the report stated that a reduction of 2,5001. has been effectea in the debt of the company, and that a cash balance now in hand of 4911. Wi be required for miscellaneous outgoings just due. The company have been in communication with the directors of the South-Western Railway and the rungerford-market with a view to the enlargement of the bridge for horse and carriage traffic, md the constraction of direct approaches from the railway. Plans have been prepared for the purpose, sabject to any modifications that may be found desirable from the contemplated enlarge- I ment of the South-Western station and the formation of the proposed new street from Southwark to the York-road. At a meeting of the Southampton Dock Company I this afternoon, Colonel Barlow presiding, the dividend declared was at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, and the report, of which an abstraet has been given in 17e Times, was agreed to. The management appears to afford satisfaction, and the| directors are urged to exercise strict economy. The shareholders of the National Discount Company have authorized the directors, at a meeting to-day, to take the necessary steps for bringing the undertaking within the provisions of the new JointStock Act. At a meeting of the Submarine Telegraph Com- pany held to-day, Mr. W. Chaplin in the chair, a I lividend at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum was declared, and the report, of which the following is an abstract, was adopted:- "Attention is dLeclto the satisfactory increase of the revenue over that of the corresponding six months in 1855 It must be remembered that the receipts of the half-year endmgon the 30th of June are always less in proportion than those of the half-year ending on the 31st of December. It it, therefore, grat%fying to Perceive that the traffic of the last sig months has exceededthe former half-year by 173Z., while the increase over the corresponding period of 1855 amounts to 1,7911. The number of messages transmitted between theIst of Janunryto the 30th of Ju2ne last amounts to 30,811, and the cash receipts would have been proportionately arge, but owing to the active competition of telegraphc business on the continent the directors have been obliged to expend a considerable amount in the shape of commission, and for establishing agendes at the prncipal continent,l towns, so as to secure their traffic for the lines of this company. Already considerable benefit has been derived from these agencies, and it is anticipated that by the close of the present year the business of the company vwll have greatly increased, especially as nost favourable arrangements have been entered into with several Governments for the more direct and cheaper transmiion of despatches between Great Britain and all paTds of the continent. After deducting working expenseg, and placing 10 per cent, of the net profits to the reserved fund, there ill remain a balaunce of 3,0461., out of which the directors recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, which will leave 3341. to be caried to the credit of the currt half-year. The directors have to stata that the increase- in the number of messages since the 30th of June last warraut the anticipation of an increase of aividend at the expiration of the next six months." The subiomed note refers to an 'announcement made yesterday by the consignees or agents of The Star of the East, that she had brought besides 1,300 tons of tea 500 tons of silk being the largest quantity ever imported in one vessel:- s m London, Ang. 27. e w'hich wss tcirclated yesterday concerngin the earo of the Star of the East is erroneous. The tea-market is bad enough, and cannot afford any ex&ggeration of imports. By the Chamber of Commerce report the qunstands ofteal,051,OOOlb.,hichat 9ow!to the tn of 50 unbic feet, would be 1,043 tons, and of silkr, 2,410 bales, which at 7 bales per ton would be 344 tons, making a total of 1,387 tons, instead of 1,800 tons as ff all is delivered in good order, as I hope it wi be, [let this be reported, and it will do the ship mnore good than I %ny fabulous qwantity that coiud be believed in. " Probably the measurement has been taken at 40 feet to the ton, according to American calculation. I___ ,A. TEA 6RaCHXAlT."
TRW.E BEPORT. Wedlnesday evening. SU4OAP-We continue in a very lifeless state.T.e were two auictions to-day,-viz., 3,900 bags ?ernuinbaco, which were withdrawn - bu t .132 lhds. 51 barrels Xaaica found buyers at the foleowng rats, which -ws very cheap : there v&&& Drisk demancl for oolouzy sorts at extree rae ancl in somw cads at 6d. to ts. per cwt advance. Th c- tincnpe _590 casbm600 Barrels id ba&splantation, vated two flosating Cargoe; ofe formannr wasebe disposed fa to 70s.f & f,r borsdd,ing tbo god bold coloury ; the latter partly 2onsaste3 of superior, sd sold at 5f. O ito 55s. *4 th( rhnder,sgood ordhvrye s tlden in e 52s Cor -There are tho sles to me ation. SALTarlsB.-k divatelm 600 bags have been disposete of at ands to m2e de for 71 to 6s. per oent. Tdvractioe. JIos cois s 590dy. casus 6lfof the 5,600 bhaes nUt Uaio, andtio7 to-dags awas disposed of at !4 2s. CA. to 3s. for tomon7s~d for faiddigtrod.odcl y;telt TALLo.-The market has been io cie. 53n. 9' t 54s.istherixie oa the spot, and 51sh forthe lastthree omontho.
THZX COBN TADE. OOEY-X ANaM WzDiDAZ, AUG. 27. Thw ies o !oEsn foburtn3egood.bat seof hoe gro w'd an ot1wg. 5Tbere is not mue& ac nity ient buIt theolderit exblTt fymnwu Yo,mer pdoes w.ie £elr2y ea-rent Sor other deise ript laons - ANBYTA, Te ULL, UG. 26. Thobwlteha6meeoveyu vntt%ei this weekbut is more fLvoura1,leThia monzin., therebeingabriak drrng wInd and higertem - ratu. A oonsioeable tiM of wheatbasbeencut, _tnE___ wbolto(itbaswettobe ed. crqX cam -not et th 4x atote dagrerepooteflin te south; bu*fte gharest weakerkis nowsaxiom4 looked for, and thereis no lack- of oompiainta. Aniulnt wheatbavTe bDmmuCh.tbiasweek; but ibe,e is am increase of ridey, an lelroa2bar come iD from Bt.iecersburg. Thetradein-we.hstbbeenWT,ed - the wek. an diom have further sdvanoed 1. to dL per "-ZXr. A good deal of the u M- rhet whkh ba lately oome o hban h beeu cleared off at i Tod. m¶esioe kebetter guaitiet, For a6l seg coin there baa moderate oonsumD~tiye demand. was odos etthebws a 'in ahow of Mo,lih wrbeat, whic el ofaat tSrigdnee lcaat wleek,r:-ates. A. few eazoplesof newwheaofirettroodaNlityrweresbown and ao It 76a.to 78'. roreio Wheat wras o sll J pd iaim Barley unaiteredin value, arili * better wqeiny fo drt Beao nd ee atlat Qotd.Oats in li Edn qual. no i0 tolge a aT ; a ee e tjeerereIto2a.lawer. Ces meet a fir ailycoomrmiya aere 'efollowing are the quo ttons:-nls wheat, w bte, 74s to3Ds.; red. Its. tolte: Xoopberg an Dao'e,0.toSOa. Pbneannian adT.burg, 64' to 74,. Holstein t'degland and flna^L 600to 6L; 31uean ar 1 de, SSc. to. 6ls lel h oats, 3Qs.to3:h. * Daiib, 56' to 2ts.: Friend. 2&. to31s.' 4 ,An 27w. b, l to; ; tisloy,6s 5o .: grind.ing, . . to 4 .,frla to 54e.fWga nd ArchangeL. 4b. to 46a; R '}b wandMer40F. to46e.;ra cak, £6fls.;linaeed }eake£9k fre;i .S j??t ifg.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ to ~ ~ ~ ~ e~ u.5.t~spea The weatherbaaboeeti aiann Friday, bult to-dayit iisbowrcrr. We note no altcration tn onr quotations for old wheat or oa4 ,thogf inlone instencnoe wr abe ihn firoure! the Cbye. afv boloted the onirrerile of frday but here, toward te eIe othe muetbeam dif,tt of ase'e,e at aseduvUon oft,, to 25. e barrl The dead foe Inn oem wearcy indig, writb~ont any .alation a s
LONDON, THURSDAY, AUGUST 28, 15. It is continually asserted that the populations of Europe, under their respective Goverminents, form a family of nations. Each member of this community is supposed to feel an interest in the happinees and prosperity of every other, and it follows that advice may be legitimately tendered and opinions expressed, so long as intemperance and acrimony are avoided. The old law of nations, made by monarchs for monarchs, does indeed forbid the interference of one State with the internal concerns of another. Yet even this is found not to be always practicable in our own day; the governed are in so many ways at variance with their rulers, who so often are blind to their own and their country's advantage, that no jurist will question the right of foreign Powers sometimes to tender their advice or their mediation, as, for instance, in the case of Florence or Naples. It therefore becomes the especial duty of leading States to set an example of magnanimity and moderation in their internal policy. W"hen a despot like King FERDxN-,n has nothing to urge against English rule except to repeat some exploded commonplaces about the unhappy Irish and the downtrodden Eindoo, we feel how well, how mildly, and yet successfully, the concerns of this vast empire, with its various and widely sundered races, must be administered. If the splenetic Camarilla of IYaples can bring nothing against us except this vague jargon of the continental press, we may certainly accept it as an involuntary tribute to our people and institutions. However, we are desirous of no superiority on this score. It is the wish of every Englishman that other communities, whatever be their form of government, should dwell under a merciful and temperate rule. Above all, this country must regret any unnecessary severity in the administration of a State which has been its ally in a great war, and is still united to us by common memories and aims. The reputation of the French Government is to some extent a matter of importance to E-nglishmen, for, if the two countries are to act in concert, any argument or taunt directed against the conduct of one must wound the other. We cannot therefore refrain from calling attention to the reports which occasionally reach Europe of the treatment of the French political prisoners at Cayenne. Now, we do not wish to endorse any particular statements that have appeared. There may be falsehood, there may be exaggeration; it is only as a duty, from which it would becowardice to shrink, that we point out what the world says, and what our own common sense must induce us to believe true. Among the colonies -which remain to France is a tract of that uncultivated region of the South American coast known by the name of Guiana. The climate and general character of this territory are well known. Situated almost under theEquator, the heat would be intolerable even if it were an island or a lofty tableland. But the physical nature of the country adds to the terrible effects of the climate. Sluggish rivers roll down to the sea through dense forests, and at their mouths heap up shoals of mud. The little cultivation that takes place is on the banks of these streams, where the wood has been cut down for a few miles on either side. Everywhere else there is the pathliess impenetrable jungle. Scorching suns, thick matted vegetation, growing, withering, and rotting through centuries, with a soil of alluvial mad beneath, make Guiana one of the most fatal regions of the world for men of European birth. Even the richness of the soil has hardly been able to tempt the adventurous English and Dutch to settle numerously in Demerara, Essequibo, Berbice, and Surinam, names sufficiently notorions, and which we generally associate vwith everything that is most ugly and monstrous in the reptile and insect worlds. Indeed, this seething soil is prolific of the most odious forms of life, and, its snakes and lizards, its toads and beetles, its swarms of flies and fleas, its mosquitoes, of more than ordinary size andvenom, are enough to deter themost ad-enturous settl er. Such is the region to which a vast number of men of French birth and c ulture have been deported within the last few years for political offences. It is indeed an objection to the theory of unceasing progress that in the present day an act should be possible from which the most absolute BounBoN of the 17th century would have shrunk. What is the condition of these unhappy Frenchmen, transported for their political conduct, some by the judgment of drumhead courts-martial, some without any trial at all? From the statements sent us by MI. LoUIs BLANc, and printed in our Monday's impression, we learn that in that scorching climate and that foatid atmosphere men work laden with a chain 401b. in weight, with a cannon-ball at the end of it. Thirty-eight of the prisoners sign a lJiter detailing their sufferings. Allowing for some bkaggeration of expression, we cannot doubt the hide6us misery of their lot. " We are," they say, " unspeakably "tortured on the ffimsiest pretences." Men are "tied to a stake and dealt withl as the most vile "criminals." " There are Frenchmen in Guiana "who do gasp for life; nor-are they allowed tho "sojourn of the Island of Despair, horrible as it is. | "Barbarous administrators drag them violent!y "on to the continent, and compel them to "labour eight hours a-day in the marshy "forests,, from which pestilential vapours ara continually rising." " Is there," continues the lettei " any other prospect for us but imini" nent death ? With no proper food, no garments, "n no shoes, no wine since February last, is there "any chance that we should long be able to bear "both the influence of an exhausting toil and a "deadly climate?" Such is the condition at this moment of a large number of Frenchmen "'belonging to all classes of society-artists, |-trades-men, workmen,- barristers, physicians, c" farrers, journalists, scholsrs."' It may be urged that their statements are untrue; but in the mnain they cannot be untrue. When we say Cayenne we say everything. Nearly two centuries since it was looled upon as an odious feature in the tyranny of the STUARTS that they transpolted white men to thelWest India Islands. In the present day it would never enter the mind of any XEnglish Minister to send the vilest felons to labour under the Equator. We hold ourselves the largest part of Guiana, but who would propose to convert sucht a region into a penal settlement ? We hesitate even about the Gulf of Carpentaria through a feeling of humanity. In fact, transportation to such a region includes sufferings to wbich not even. the most guilty should be subjected. It is a sentence of death-death lingering and horribledeath to -which a file of musketeers or the guillotine would be mercy. It must also be remembered that these men are political prisoners. We do not, indeed, pretend that no political offence is deserving of severa punishment. Insurrection and civil war cause a hundredfold as much misery as an individual' murder, and the maan who plunges a country into disorder to gratify his own ambition may be justly treated with any rigour which the laws provide. But -we must consider the condition of France within the last few years. Tumults, revolutions, coUps d'eta!, have inaugurated several successive Governments. The young, the enthusiastic, the ill-taught have plunged into the disorders of the time, and it is cruel to treat them with the rigour due to conspirators who have plotted against and assailed a regular Government. The men wlio are perishing at Cayenne are no CATILiNSS, for there was no settled and venerable constiI tution to conspire against; they are merely those conquered in a political strife in which they stood on a moral equality with their antagonists, and are guiilty only because they are' unsuccessful. A large proportion of these men were transported, after a hurried trial or no trial at all, on the occasion of the coup d'etat of December, 1851. In this matter it must be allowed that they had the right on their side. It may certainly be declared that the present ruler of Frauce was justified in forcibly terminating the then existing order of tliings, and it may be shown how prosperous and successful France has subsequently become. But those who resisted the coulp d'gtt cannot be condemned on any such ground. They were in their own right. They dafended the Government which existed, and to wvhich the powers of the State had sworn allegiance. That it was expedient to breal this oath and change the constitution may be true, but still this does not affect the legality of resisting such an unauthorized measure. All jtuists hold that the defence of a de facto Government is no political crime, and yet these men, or the few that are left of them, have expiated a few hours' resistance by nearly five years of misery. On the whole, we cannot but hope that something wiU be done to remove what we cannot but feel is a scandal to 1 Europe. It is not now only that attention has been turned to what is passing in the swamps of South America, though the importance of European events and the hope that some change would take place have hitherto kept the English public silent. But now, in the name of humanity, we are obliged to speak. We trust that the Government which has deserved so wel of the world wiU consider the fittest means of alleviating sifferings which are plainly out of all proportion to the offences committed.
The late Conference at Paris closed its labours by recommending to the established Governments of the world the abolition of privateering, and the inviolability in time of war of neutral flags and goods. In reconmmending these two new rules of war to the world the Conference also gave. out that the two must be taken together; that is to say, that any Government which joined the four Powers on either of these rules must join them on both; that the abolition of privateering and the acknowledgment of neutral rights were, in the opinion of the Conference, alike desirable and necessary for improving our system of war, and bringing it into harmony 'with the ideas and principles of modern civilization, and that therefore other Powers must understand that they must join the Conference on both these points, or stand aloof from the Conference altogether. Now the Government of the United States, as represented in Mr. MIsucv's despatch, objects to this coupling of the two rules, and imposes the alternative of accepting both or neither. The American Government says that it is willing to accept the rule respecting the inviolability of neutral flags and goods, having indeed itself two years ago come forward formally to recommend it for adoption, but it maintains that this rule and the rule respecting privateering stand on quite a different basis, and that in accepting the one it is not at all prepared to accept the other, as proposed by the Conference. " Privateers," says Mr. MAr.cY,- "Are in substance a department of the national navy; they stand in the same relation to regulsr vessels of war that volunteers do to the line; they fight in the name and under the authority of Govern. ment. What ground have you, then, against privateers which does not tel against a regular navy as well Besides,' he continues, "see the injustice of such arule as it operates upon countries without navies, compared w-ith its operation upon naval Powers. We Americans are opposed in prinnip e to great standing forces, military or naval; in time of war, then, we naturally, having no large navy, depend opon our privateers, who only do for us what regular navies do for naval Powers; and there. fore to deprive us of our privateers is to deprive us oE our nataral means of defence. And who is to decide, after all, what constitutes a privateer, as distinguished from a vessel of war? Is this a point to be left to foreign Poweis, who are thus to dictate to us the forms and demarcations of our naval forces T" The rule against privateers is thus charged with depriving countries without navies of their proper means of defence, while, in their weakness, it lifts up the great naval Powers to the position of formidable bullies, who have all the ocen to themselves, and can do what they like there. To this argument against the abolition of privateering on the score of justice succeeds another, on the ground of its inconsistency. For what, asks Mfr. MIAncr, do you object to privateering for ? Simply because privateers capture your merchant vessels and prey upon prirate property. But do you make any rule against the capture of private property on the seas? No, you leave it to men-of-war to capture, as before. But what inconsistenicy to abolish privateering on this ground, and to leave private property just as exposed as ever to capture by men-of-war ! Now -there are considerable errors in this argument used by the American Government. Privateering is not ol)jectionable on the ground of its invasion of private property alone, nor was it, that we areo aware, ever used as the argument against private?nr, for everybody l-nows thaf men-of-war capture merchant vessels and private propertly on the seas -when they can. The objection to privateering wras the irregularity and barbarism which were involved in private individuals going about, simply by way of pecuniary speculation, capturing ships and slaughtering crews on the open seas. It may suit the American Government to describe privateers as in principle vessels of war; inasmuch as they are authorizel by the Governments of the countriees whose flag they bear, but there is all thediff'erence between public vessels and private vessels which simply procure public authority in order to enable them to plunder. We admire, indeed, the perfect gravity with Twhich Mlr. | M.AMcy quotes V,&nn's description of privateering] as " a lawful and time-honoured raode of"warfare," and the crews as men " who "generously expose their property and their lives " to the dangers of privateering," as well as the old publicist's protest against " bad citizens who ss under the stately mask of a sDurious wisdom, or 's a craftily sensitive conscience, seek to mislead the "judgment, and dare to assert that this is not the "way in which the State and the Sovereign are: to "be served, and that the profits which individuals "may derive from this pursuit are illicit, or at "least disgraceful." This was all very well in a publicist wiriting in Louis XIY's reign. But MIr. BMAGv must know perfectly well the stuff of which privateering is made. In theory it is the Government which fights in the privateer,. but practicallyeverybody knows that privatcering is a trade which is carried on because it gives so much per cent. on the capital employed in it, and that it is, in fact, a piece of paper alone which distinguishes between the privateerer and the pirate, their real spirit being exactly the same. The Conference, then, very properly wished to put down this mercenary and disgraceful mode of warfare, and the rule against privateering haa a moral object in viewv, and not merely the protection of private property. The American argument, howvever, appears to have some force when it comes to the difference of the operation of this rule upon countries with and wvithout regular navies; and it may be admitted, perhaps, that the Hue as proposed by the Conference, and without any addition to. it to counterbalance such a result, would operate unfairly upon a country like the United States, whose merchant vessels woould be exposed to the canion of our m-en-of-war everywhere, without a navy of their own to retaliate. When Mr. Mmxno, then, proposes an addition to this rule in the shape of a general prohibition against all attack on private property on the high seas, we must confess we are not altogether disinclined to meet him. MIr. RCS'y propbses " to add to the proposition in the " declaration of the Congress of Paris against pri" vateering the following words :-' And that the "'private property of the subjects or citizens of a belligerent on the high seas shall be exempted "'from seizure by public armed vessels of the other belligerent.' " Thus amended, the Government of the United States are willing to adopt the rule against privateering, and their offer undoubtedly demands very serious consideration. As a question of principle, there can be no doubt that private property has as much right to protection in war by sea as it has in war by land, though there may possibly be difficulties attending such protection, as Government property is not so clearly distinguished from private on sea as it is by land. A regiment cannot doubt that a farmhouse or a house in a street is a private house, while public stores do not so openly show their ownership, as distinguished from private merchandise. Making exception, however', for a few difficulties, the principle is undoubtedly the same in both cases. Such a rule would of course be a great innovation, and some Might be disposed to say that war would be deprived of some of its legitimate severity, and be, in its softened state, weakened even as an engine of international justice. But very heavy and effectiva machinery of annoyance still remains, nor can any one doubt that the mere blockade of the principal ports of the United States would of itself be the grea'test possible inf9iction. MIr. ATAcr's offer, then, deserves serious attention, and will, we hope, obtain it, on the part of the four Powers.
In the first seven months of 1854 we were preparing for war; in the same period of last year we were in the thickest of the fight; aud now during the present year v,e have been arranging the preliminaries and enjoying the fruits of peace. A comparison of our trade and navigation returns, therefore, during each of these three ternms will have more than utsual significance; and an examination of the accounts just published enables us to say that they are most cheering. Before quoting any of these comparative statements, however, it may be observed that the accounts now issued contain a returna which anticipates the "Annual Statement of the Trade and Navigation "of the United Kingdom." That important volume, wvhich presents the most elaborate statistics of our mercantile relations, is generally a year belindhand, so that the volume to be published next Christmas will have reference, not to the present, but to last year; and the statement now before us anticipates the most valuable table in that work. It is an account of the declared value of the produce and manufactures of the 'United Kingdom exported during the year 1855. These exports reached their highest value in 1853, -when they anmounted to very nearly 99,000,0001.; in the year following they fell to 9Z,000,0001.; and in the year 1855, which was all war, they amounted to 95,500,0001. There was a slight decrease, therefore, during the war, but it must not be forgotten that even then the exports were about 20,000,0001. in advance of the years 1850-51-52, when all the -world was hushed in peace. And if we analyze these tables this remarkable fact -will be ascertained-that there has been no diminution in the value of the exports to foreign countries ; on the contrary, there has been a steady increase; -all the diminution has been in the exports of British produce to British possessions. During 1855 the exports to foreign countries amounted to G9,000,0001., a sum which they never reached before by several millions, and, in fact, in the year lS50 the whole of our exports of British produce tX foreign and colonial countries together was only 2,000,0001. over that sum. On the other hand, -while the exports of the same produce to British possessions amounted in 18-53 to 33,300,0001., and in 1854, while the shock o' war was still but lightly felt, even exceeded that return by about half a million, during 1855 they fell to 2G,500,0001.,-although still let it be. remembered that these exports to British possessions are greater than at any previous period that can be mentioned. Now that is a most imbortant fact, as indicating the direction in which the pressure of the war is felt. WVith the loss of the whole Russian trade, at least under the head of Russia, foreign countries bought more largely of our manufactures than ever; it was our own colonies that bought less. India, it is trae, bought considerably more than usual, but the Australian settlements and British North America ! diminished their orders immensely. The exports l to Australia, for example, were only 6,000,QOOI., or less than half their custom for 1853; the exports to the North American. colonies wera 2,800,0001., or about 2,000,0001. less than in 1853. As far as Australia is concerned, other causes were at. work thanu t+h9se of the 'warthepreviouis glut and the subsequent depressior. of the markets, 'so that even if not a single! 'soldier had been sent to the Crimea the exports 'would have been diminished by millions. Taking all this into account, however, the fact still remainsthat. the war has, to a certain extent, checked our colonial trade. If it has not been the real cause of the diminution of our expoits, it has been the r'eal7causeoef the not increaing in the sa ratio as our: shipments to foreign countries.- Anidnow that we come to the comparative xtatement of British trade for the first seven months off the three past years, it is 'gratifying to be able to announce that it has far more than recovered itself. We are speaking, let it be observed, not of all our exports, biit simply of the exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures. In the first seven montlis of 1854. when we were contemplatingwar, the exports amountedto 58,500,0001., in the same period of -lat year, when our hands were tied, they reached only 51,000,000I. ; in the firstseven months of this year of peace they are 64,000,00ol. As a standard by which to measure the progress thus made take this simple fact, that the annual average of our exports from 1847 to 1852-not for reven months, as in the foregoing quotations, but for the v;hole year-was 66,500,0001., or only 2,500,0001. more than the return for the present year u:p to- the end of last month. We are not as yet informed to what countries these exports are destined, and the only details afforded relate to the description of the articles shipped. The value of the cotton manufactures, for example, that have been sent out amounts to nearly 2,000,0001. more than in all 1854-namely, to 15,500,0001. The value, too, for the sngle month of July has increwed, even vhile the quantity has dinminished. Cutlery, on the other hand, has not yet recovered the effects of the war: in 1854 the exports were 2,250,0001. ; in 1856 they are less than that sum by 250,0001. Something simnlar may be snid of a few other artiles, sucl as woollen manufactures, silk stuffs, earthfenware, saddlery and harness; but the great result is still in our favour, and gives promise of continled prosperity. VYith regard to imports, it appears that the corn returns are gradually diminishing, at least they are so if we look simply at the item of grai ; b1lt, taking the wheatmeal or four into account also, it appears that in 1854 the quantity imported was larger than in any of the past three years; in 1855 it was less than in any ; and in the present year the quantity is between the two. Compare this with the importation of guano; we will not undertake to say that there is a direct connexion between the two sets of fig,ures; but it is singular enough to find that in 1854, wvhen we took most foreign corn, we imported least guano ; in 1855, whenweneededleastforeign corn, we imported most guano; and in the present year we have imported medium quantities both of the one and the other. At all events, it is very well know n that the more- guano we employ and the better we cultivate our fields, the less dependent shall-we be on distant corngrowers, and agriculturists anticipate the period when in this way the British farmers will be able not only to supply all the wants of our home population, but even on occasions to export somewhat of their surplus. So also of animals that are used for food-we are gradually importing less and less, so that in the present year the whole number is under 70,000, and that number is 33,000 less than in 1S54. Iime we may expect that these animals will vanish from the list altogether, just as thera is not a single horse among the lot. what horses, on the other hand, we ex-port it is impossible to say, as they are absorbed in an indiscriminate mass of unenumerated articles. The dlemand for English horses is a subject sufficiently exciting to our curiosity to deserve a detailed notice, and all that we can find is, that to France alone in 1854 there were shipped upwards of 100,0001. worh of horses, and that the value of this export was very rapidly increasing. To return to the imports, however, it will be found that tea, coffee, and cocoa are steadily rising in demand, while sugar, which felt the influence of the war, has returned -to its normal sta'.e. With regard to tallow there is a curious result revealed in these tables. In the first seven months of 1854theimportationwas 300,000 cwt.; during the present year it has been 3G0,000 cwt.; for the same period in the very height of the war last year it was 540,000 cwt. Not to enter into too many details, we shaLl mention one other fact, regarding wines. The trade has here fluctuated considerably, but the most remarkable fluctuations have occurred in the red, not in the white wines. The latter have been comparatively steady; but if we take the red wines of Portugal, for example, it will be found that little more than half the number of gallons imported in 1854 have been imported in the present year. So of the red wines of France, the demand has fallen from 350,000 galons in 1854 to 200,000 in 1856. There is scarcely a single item in these returns which is not full of interest, at least to those who like to watch the progress of the nation, and who in the buying and the selling of the merchant can trace the manners and the customs of a co-antry. Not every one, it is true, will be willing to pick his way throu,h pages of uninviting statistics, and to -wash the gold from the sand and qiartz in which it is embedded; but the most heedless observer will appreciate the final summing up at the foot of the page, and welcome the grana result which it proclaims-that England is still advancing.
INDU AND CE(I-N (Y SrBMARM AXU BSIlH TELGRAPE.) The steamer Bombay arrived at Trieste yesterday, August 27, at 5 p.m. in 14A hours from Alexandria. She left Alexandria on tne 21st of August. The India and China mails were to leave Alexandria on the 21st of August, with intelligence from Calcutta to the 17th of July, Bombay to the 20th of July, Honglkong to the 10th of July, and Shanghai to the 28th of June. Fifty inches of rain had fallen at Bombay. At Darjeeling 3G inches of rain fell in 96 hours. Mr. Horsley, assistant-collector in the Madras .Presidency, has been mulrdered. The heir to the throne of Bnurmah has been assassinated. Lord Caiming has been indisposed. Exchange at Bombay 2s. 1,d. The moneymarket is quiet. The export trade brisk. Freights, 21. to London or Liverpool. The exchange at Calcutta was 2s. lid. 23he money-market had improved. The impDrt trade was very inactive. Freights, St. lOs. for sugar to London. The indigo crops throughoutBengal have suffered injury. Anarchy reigns throughout China. The Ben Avon, with a valuable cargo, from London for Shanghai, has been totallywrecked near Amoy. }Exschange at Canton, 4s. 10Pd; iHongkong, 4s. 10Wd.; Shanghai, W. 3d. Theexports of tea for the year ending tthe 19th of June were ,OOO,OOOlb. i excesof f the previous year. The first of the new season's teas have been shipped.
TH ~U.DLNJYiRI TV!1l dtTVws The enclosed correspondence Will show liowully the compliment paid to the Guards by thbir fellowcitizens W- Bpp eciatea both by the offiers mnd 32en.:- Horse Guards, Aug. 26. " ,Lord,-I have the honour to tranamit a letterer&n the field officer in commanud of that brigade of the division under my orders which was present at the-entertainment which was yesterday provided by your Tordship and the other subscribers to the fund collected for this purpose, ain, in doing so, to request you wi ^cccpt the expressioxi of my own thankls for this most gratifying proof of the appreciation of their services. - * - * "Ihave the honour to be your obedient humble seryant, Si ROKEBY, Major-General,'. "Commanding Division of Guards. "To the EWit Hon. the Lord Mayor." " Orderly-roorn, Brigade of Foot Guards, Aug.2G. " tfy Lord,-I have the honour, on the part of the officers commanding the three regiments, to request that you will yourself accept and convey to the members of the committee their best thanks for the highly gratifyinig and liberal entertainment which was yesterday given bT the inhabitants of London to the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the bripde of Guards who have recently returned from the Crimea, and by -whom it 3most fully appreciated. *"I1havethehonourtobe, myLord, "Your most obedient huxnbieservant., "A. FOLEY, Major and Leutenant-Colonel Grenadier Guards, Field-officer in Brigade Waiting. "The Wight Ron. the LorzdIMayor, Chairman of the Guards' Dinner Committee." - "Mr nsion-house, Aug. 2T. ccmy Lord,-I have to aoknowledge your Lordshp's verv courteous communication forwardinrg to me the letter of Colonel Foley, expressive of the satisfaction of the officers commanding the regiments of Guards with the arrangements of the committec for tho entertainment of thoi medal men belongifig to that distinguished portion of Her liesty'S a6y. "I am sure that not only every member of the committee, but every subscriber to the fund, will warmly appreciate this kind approval of their proceedings. I am happy to say that I hear but one re-echo of satisfaction and delight from all who were present at the Gardens. The public generally seem to ratify all our doings, and this is a great cormpensa. tion to the committee for the anxiety and responsibility incidental to the arrangement of the detaiis of a meeting so important, and at the same time so novel in its character. I shall have very great pleasure in placing your communi. cation in the handls of the committee. "I have the honour to be, my Lord, your Lordship's most obedient servant, " DAVD SAL03IONS. " To 3Iajor-General Lord Rokeby."
IRBLAAD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.1 DUBIN, WXEDSMD±Y .MORcNG. THE LA53OVX-M"r. The Limerick Observer of yesterday contains an agricultural letter from the adjacent county of Clare, in the course of Which the following reference is made to the state of the labour-market in that quarter *- I "Scarcity of hands and exorbitant rates of wages were expected, but these have not occurred. The highest wages were 4s., in a few places, for three or four days; 2s. a-ay and diet was the ordinary ran of the mark-et. In remote part. of the county, at first, labour vas scarce,Tthe nativeT starting off to the county of Limerick and elsewhere, deter. mined to snake money. Tne experirnent, however, did not pay. In those places he was met as an intruder on other men's labour, to reduce the rate of it. Now,' on his return, he is received very coolly by the mesa whose crops were in danger. However, ererything has turned out very fairly, with little cause for grumbling. As a stout farmer (who had paid 101. wages one day) said at teelick yesterday, 'the mian that is-not content this year *ith the harvest God has given the country ought to he taken and shot.' Around Gort and the Connaught boundaries of Clare a gnod deby of work yet remrins to be got throuih. The hands have baen ahsent, ana only now begin to return. Noar imerick, within tho pas' few days, farm ers have been looking for labourers to stacthe corn without sucaces." CLounE roursics. oIr. Bagwrell, accompanied by a Protestant rector, has, it is said, nearly completed his canvass. On Saturday he waited on the Very RPev, Dr. B3urke, the Roman Catholic Vicar-General, who, it seems, not only proposed to vote for, but intimated t'nat he would propose him at the hustings. Mr. Murray, the second Liberal candidate, had arrived from Dablin, and was also actively engaged- in seelkng to win thevoices of the electors. TilE GR=.AT COLOun CONTMOVERSY. The grave question involving tne fmnal resting place for the tattered co ours of the 18th Royal Irish Regiment has been aE length disposed of. Yesterday morning these honourable relics were taken privately to the locality originally selected for their reception, and in a day or two they will be seen in their appointed niche in the venerable cathedral of the patron saint of Ireland. They were to have been put up yesterday, but on examination of their frail condition it was deemed expedient to call in the acd of a sersaptress to heal the many rents made in them by tinie and the fortunes of war before they are exposed to public gaze. THE FUNDS. Three oer Cent. Conso4s, 95 954; ditto, for account, 12th of Septediber, 95X; NewThree per Cent. Stock, 954; ditto, for account, 12th of September, 951 i; City of Dablin Steam Company, 501. pai;, Wl.. Ruilways.-Belfast iind Ballymens, 507. puid, Sti R; Crreat Southern and Western, {501. paid, 53A; ditto (.aid mn full), 20l., 194; Irish South. Eastern, S2. paid, 7a; Midland Great Western and liys. Canal, S01. paid, 5Ll; ditto, half shares, 251. ?naid (account)1 274; *Waterford and iamerick, o01. paid, t5S; ditto, for accout, 254 i.
COURT CIRCUZAB. The Queen and his IRoyal Highness Prince Albert, vih the Princess Royal, arrived at Buckiigham Palace at 10 minutes past 3 o'clock, yesterday afternoon, from Osborne, attended by Lady Churchill, Major-General Bucd'ley and Captain Dal Plat, escorted bya detachment of soldiers. Her Majesty and the Prince were received, on alighting from their carriage, by the Marchioness of Ely, the Hon. Mary Seymour, the Duke of 'Wellington, Lord Ernest Bruce, Lord Rivers, Colonel the Hen. A. N. Hood, Colonel Francis Seymour, Major-General Bouverie, and MijorGeneral the Hon. C. Grey. The Queen and Prince, accompaniedby the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, Princess Alice, and the Princesse3 Helena and Louisa, and attended by Lady Churchill, the Hon. Emily Cathicart, Colonel theHBon. C. PhAppe, Major-General Buckley, the IMaster of the Household, Cantain flu P1st, and Lieutenant (lowell, left Os'crno at 100 clock yesterday 3nornmng, crossedin the FRairy to Gosport, and proceeded as far as lEingston bay : special train ou tho South-Western Railway, vhence HIer ajesty, the Prince, and the Princess Royal, attended by the Lady and the Eguerries in Waiting, proceKeded to Richmond-park and visited her Itoyal Highness the Duchess of Glocester. The Royal family and the Test of the suite proceeded to Bucldngham Palace. Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales, Prince Arthur, and Prince Leopold remain at Osborne. Lady Caroline Barrington, Lady Superintendent L-. Gore, Groom in Waiting to the Queen; and Mr. di:bbs Tutor to the Prince of Wales, are in attendance. HermAjestv gave audiences at Buckingham Palace-in the afternoon -o the Earl of Clarendon - Count Chreptowitch. EnvoT Ectraordiarywanrd 3EnisterPlenipotentiary froa the Emperor oE Rnssia, to delver his credestials; Pc Gonzelcs, the Spanish Hinister, to take leave; and Senor L. de tran cilsco Marti to deliver his credentials as Envoy Extrao~rdiMarysand Mo nister Plenoiptentia from the Republic of Guatemala, Their Eacellencles were respectively itroduced by the Earl Cof Clarendon, EG., Her TajesGs Principal aSecretin of State for Foreign Affairs, and were conducted by Major. General the Hon. Sir Edwrd Cast,rv CdHo , EerM aoeQstys Master of the Ceremonies. The dneen eas atteyidedtyheordeivns, osrd in Waitiog, and Colonel the Eon. A, N. Hood, Groom in lVaiting. Hlis ASerene Hi'=hness Prince Victor of Eohenlo°he. and Calitain the Hun. li eppel arrived on avisit to the QnceAa at Osborne on Tnesday. *The dinner party in the evening of Tuesday inlcluded Prince Victor of Hohenlohe, th6 Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, Captainthe Hon. H. Kappel, Cap. tain the Hon. J'. Denman, R.E., Colonel the Hon. (I. PhippS, Iady Caroline Barrington, analMr. (lowelL tn the evening the Coanteas of Desart, the Hon. Mrs. and Miss Phipps, the Hon. Mrs. Desuman, and Mrs. 3n Plat had the honour of join.ing the EoyJl party. A. performance of music took place, nsnder the direction of ir. Anderson. The following was the programme:- Solo. " 8cuveni dei Pnritsni"-'siolonselio, Signer Piatu .. .. . ,, .. ,. .A. Piati. PAtaisieBrflent-ioeln, Signlor Sighicaiii .. DaneSa. Grand Caprice, "Souvenir dIttaie"-ptuoforte, SignorDianch,A . Bi.andiL Duo, "Bar des motis fIoar de G-uiManme Tell" Schubert -Violin and violoncelo, Signor SiglhbeiI ad)-, and liatti. Kummer. Lirrp?oon, August 2.-T.he steamnship Cambria will take the maails to Boston on Saturay in the place of the Arabia, which has gone into graving dock. for examina. tion and repairs. She iWl 1fo6o1w on TUSUaday as ai extra, vesel. The Post-effice r1ox coses on Satur y at 7 30 a.ns, but letters' will- be received until 8 aam-; ith- late tee of 3d., andl until 9 a m. at the landing-stage with a late fee of Is. The screw steamship Canadian alled to-day for. Mon. treal and Quebec, with the Canadian mail and 220 Z pssen. gers. The screw City of Baltimore also- sailed to-y for lthiladelphia with 330 p%ssenger& and 140 tons of cargo.
AIJMTARY -AND NAV2AL INTELLl-GECE. The Lords of the Admirlty onu-ondayinspected the Fifp3 umd -repair at Plymouth, viz. :-Ik the tidal basin, the crmew steamship Ajax, 60, which istakdngin nev- boilers and getting the shaft tube linedc with lignumf tite bearings; the screw steamship James Watt, 01, the repair5 of whose Lgiues -will occupY two months, in consequence of which her crerw will probably ba paid off; the paddlewheel steamslosp -Styx, 6, rc,uiring repairs to her hull and machinery; the guboats Staunch and Haugbty,fitting for service in the Rast Indies, end supplied with ventilators. designed at Daeunport, which met the approval of Admirals Berkeley end Eden. and Captain Sir Baldwin Walker, who personally ibspected the plan, which will probably be adopted at the other arsenals; the Advice, tender to the Admiral at Cork; end the Hind, Redwing, and Magpie guLboats, the two latter requiring to have condensers fitt'ed. Ir. dock No. liethe steam-trnsmport Himalaya, which is 75 feet long over all, and 314 feet 13ad line; in consequence of the shortness of the dock 14 feet of the granitework and rock had to be cut away by Mr. Tamer, the snaster builder. The work wms performed with so much accuracey that when inside with her rudder hard a star. board, the redder was nearly touching the caisson, and tho Stem . only one-eighth of an inch clear of the head of the dook The sldlfulness of the arrangement received the commendation of their Lordships. The crew. of the Himalaya are to be paid off on Monday. She will probably be undocked in September and placed among the first-class reserve ships. In No. 2 dock is the paddlewheel steam-sloop Inflexible, 6, undergoing extensive zepairs, after which she will. eceive new boilers. In No. 3, or the Qaeen's Dock, is the screw steamship 3xmouth, 90, vheose ahaft tube, like that of the Ajax, is to bo fitted with lignum vitko bearings. She was appointed to bo taken out of dock yesterday (Wednesday), to give place to the Advice. This dock is 310 feet long over all, and it is probable that their Lordships will have it lengthened some 70 or R0 feat. Within the last 12 months there have been under repair inthe Keyham-yaid 11 line-of-ba'tle ships and29 others, some of which required extensive alterations. On one occasion Seven line-of-battle ships and13 others were repairing at the same time, and it is stated that the Lords of the Andmiralty, seeing the great utility of the establishment, contempLate doubling its present area by adding two fields near Weston-mill Lake, where two docks upwards of 800 feet long can bo built, with cassions t-o cut them into four docks. The increased space will afford a sufficient site for barracks, an accommodation much required for the adjacent Government establishments, which are at a considerable distance from the garrisons of Plymouth and Devonport. The First Lord and Admiral Berkeley, attended by Colonel Greene, made a very minute survey of the new ground. On Tuesday, after landing at the Royal William Victual. ling-yard and mustering the men, the Lords of the Admiralty inspected the Royal Marine Barracks, and went on board the flagship Impregnable, 104, Captain Wiso, in Hamoaze, which received them with manned yards and a salute of 17 guns. Three or four hours were occupiedl on board her and the Royal William, 120, Captain Frederick Hutton. In the afternoon a board meeting was held in the saloon of the Osborne, when, among other sabjects determined on, one agitated by Captain Superintendent HIUa, the abolition of a timber pond in Stonebouse lake, was set at rest by Sir Charles Wood, who stated that no unnecessary obstructions vwould be given by the Admiralty to the trade and commerce of the port of Plymouth. Their Lordships yesterday visited the Breakwater and the ships in the Sound. A lovea is to be held at Devonport today (Thursday), and the duties of the Board close at Ply. month to-morrow (Friday), when they will probably return to town. The Queen, through Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman, of the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert, has been pleased to send to Mr. Thompson, harbour-master at Plymouth, a handsome gold watch, in approbation of his conduct and services when Her Majesty visited Endsleigh and Saltram during the recent cruise down Channel. The Drake and Janus, steam gunboats, Lieutenants Peile and Robson, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the wesward. The Sprightly, Commander George Allen, embarked draughts of the 30th and 55th Regiments yesterday afternoon, and landed them at Cowes. The steam transport Clyde embarked the 72d Regiment at Portsmouth yesterday, and left with them in the after- noon for Jersey. The hiired transport Britannia, Captain Smith, arrived at Woolwich Pier yesterday from the docks, and embarked Lieutenant Gorham, Lieutenant Broadrick-, and 160 non-commissioned officers and gunners of 'he Royal Artillery for Gibraltar. The foUowing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty --The Rev. J. L. Moore, Chaplain and Naval Instruotor, to the Retribution; George Goodman, Acting Assistant-Surgeon, to the Siren.
CANADA. (A summary of the following, received by electric teiegraph, appeared in our second edition of yesterday:-] LIVERPOOL, WEMESDAY. The Quebec and Montreal screw steamship nanlo-Saxon, Captain M. Mlaster, arrived to-day with advices from the former port to the 16th, and a small quantity of specie. On the 15th the 39th Regiment paraded on the Champ de Mars at Montreal, and Colonel Munro distibuted the French medals awarded to the regiment. In the course of his address the colonel statedc that he had adopted the system which was practised in France in conferring the Order of the Legion of Honour, and that he had received the opinions of the men of the regunent, and from their recommendation, he, in conjunction with Bajor Wolf, Major Hudson, and the captains of the different companies, had made the selections. Many men had been thus indicated to him as entitled to distinction for their meritorious conduct; but, as he .had only five medals to give, he had been obliged to select, and had followed the French custom of avoiding all invidiousness by taking the men in the alphabetical order of the initials of their names. He, then called the men to be decorated to the front, and previous to giving each man his medal he stated the services WOhicl had marked him out for distinction. Pnblic meetings had been held in Toronto and Quebec, at ,hich the conduct of Ministers was dis- cussed. A lcal paper gives a brief summnary of theI proceedings at the ltter city. It says:- "1 Both parties claim the victory; but the anti-Mlinistezialists remained on the ground, and that, we presumne, may be taken as an acknowledgment of defeat on the part of their opponents. The party who remained carried a number of resolutions. The first censured the Ministry for not having cied into effect the vto of the touse of ssembly in favour of estabishing a permanent seat of governmvent at Quebec, and cited speeches made at Niagara by hMr Mlorrson, and at London by Mrr. Cayley, to show that the Government wer-e not sincere in their pretension of a desire to carry out the resolution. Thesecond declared that the gant of 4,000,000 acres of land for the purpose of paying forthe North Shore and Ottawa railways was5 not accompanied by conditions calculated to secure the completion of the North Shore road, anii 4hat the requirement that 25 miles should be completed in Upper Canada before any portion of the grant should he appro- riated in Lowzer Canada could only retard thevwork in an indefiniteomanner. Theothird resolution expressed regret that the House had not passed a bill to secure the independence of members of the Legislature, as the Legislature could never properly represent the people until placed in a position vwhere tney would be free alike from the favour and the fear of the Government. The fourth resolution expressed strong disapproval of the constant increase of the expenses of bho Government, and the sacrifice of the people to obtain the means of exteding influence and corruption, writhout any regard to the misery produced by an increase of duties amnonz the poor and indusous Classes. It also declared that the present duties are levied in an unfair manner. The fifth reads thus:-That since the icorrPoration of the Grand Trunk Company, the Government, of which many members are the salaried officers and direcors of the company, has constantly sacrficed in itS favour the interest of the province, and employed corzuhton without blrshing to secure a majority in the LegIslative Assembly on questions concerning that company. The sixth resolution Was a direct and simple vote of non- I confidence in the Ministry ; the 6eventh stated the yropriety of petitioning the Governor.General for a dissoltion of the present Parliament; the eihth censured the Ministry for not complying vath the pettirns from the country narts for tha reform of the mumicapal system; the ninth, sehtng out by the statement thatone-fourth of the population of Loter C da were compelled to emigrate from it, wound up by declaring the meeting ready to support any Government wvhich would sircerelyattempt tofac litate settlementonzi d lands; the tenth called on the Government to attem t to obtain frona tho Government of the United States the r tto regster, as American vessels, Caneadian-bult shipns. The paty malcontent held another meeting, at wehch tney pased rcsolutionsdeclaringthemselves to be the greater rt of the people of Quebec, and setting forth their s2at faction with all the hinisterial doings. It is said that Mr. Cauchon is to have a dinner." At Hasmiltont the Mayor had called a meeting to discuss the same subject, Rum}tours were rife of a coming Mtinisterial cr-isis. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first halves of two Bank of Zngland notes-one (No. 36587) {or 101., and one (No. 17714) for 5l., in discharge of income-tax in 1854, 1855, and 1856, from II T. M."
B.RADFOBD AIGUI0AL FESTIVAL. (PRo0 OUR ow?- REPORP=.) BRADFORD, AuG. 27. The bright illusions created by the sun's.rayr yesterday werecompletely dispelled before evening. The rain bega to fall about 7 p.m., and the atmosphere ofBradford shortly assumed that peculiar dreainmes, springing from the combination of wet and smoke, which gave character and dis. comfort to the celebration of 1853. In spite of this, how. ever, al the approaches to the music-hall (erected, by some strange caprice, in the lower part of the town, and huddled up, as it were, among the warehouses., some of which commercialpalaces, and they are nothingless, almost eclipso it in the vastness and elegance of their exterior proportions) were thronged withpeople, who, dripping and disconsolate, were, nevertheless, too curiousto remain at home. What they cams to see, andtheexact amountofthe gratification they received, is of course best known to themselves; but last night there theystoodunfinchingly,withorwithoutumbrellas,before the begirning of the first evening concert, wheen the company vwereenteringthe hall, and there theystoodas unflinchingly about four hours Later (at maidnight, inshort), when the company went forth again into the midst of the inclement weather, looking "with anxious polyscopity" for their carriages-which, in many instances, could not be seen, be cause, like the Spanish fleet, they were out of sight. Whatever inconvenience and distress might have been involved in obtaining access to the concert-room, those wlho 'were deposited safely and conmfortably in their reserved pLaces (not so many, owing to circumstances we shall explain further on, as could have been wished for the interests of the festival) enjoyed ample compensation. The first part of the entertainment (it was divided iuto three) comprised, generally speaking, a succession of gems, executed to perfection. First there was Mtozart's symphony in G minor, which many good judges consider to be his best-and Mozart's best is something to taLk about-played in the noblest manner by the orchestra, than which M1r. Costa never conducted a more efficient and complete. Not only was this very fine oomposition played well, but it was listened to well and applauded heartily by the audience. The introduction of an ertire symphony at each of the evening concerts deserves notice as one of the most admirable features of the scheme. Miss Sherrington followed, with Hal6vy's air, Bocages epais," from Z;es Mousquetabres, in which the beautiful freshness of her soprano voice, and her evidetb feeling (notwithstandingthe shalke at the end of the andantc), made a strong impression. This young lady has means which deserve cultivation, bat she would have done wiser to choose an air by Au'ber himself, rather than one wincb, with all its cleverness, is little better thau Auber and water. No one that we know of can sing " In diesen heiligen Hallen" (from Die ZassbesrJ-ote), like Herr Formes, wIho never sang it more impressively than on the present occasion. He was loudly encored, and repeated the second stanza. This was succeeded by a display of vocalization in which the genuine art of song was exemplified to the 2ze plus uzltra of perfection-Rossini's "Una voce poco fa,"-by Rossin's most accomplished disciple ; it is scarcely necessary to name Alboni. She, too, wa3 unani. mously encored; but, with her accustomed good. taste, was satisfied to come forward and bow her acknowledgments. It would be well if her example were more frequently imitated, since it not only manifests the good taste alluded to, but something better still-viz., a consideration for others. Alboni, no doubt, like the rest of her profession, loves to be appreciated and applauded; but sho gives her fellow-artists a chanee as well, and refrains from appropriating to herself, as she eailly might, the lion's share of approbation. Her example was not imitated in the following pieee by the chorus, who were encored in Pearsall's madrigal, " 0 who Will o'er the dovws so free." Though capitally sung, this is by no means a striking madrigal, and could well have been spared the second time. All the altos in tho Bradfc*rd fes-. tival chorus are men, which we think a mistake. The female contraltt are not only for the most part better in tune, but give a- greater and more pleasing variety of tone to the voeal harmony; and this is particularly felt in part songs and madrigals. If Madame Clara NoveUowouldintroauceWeher'selsborate and lengthy scena, "Ocean, thou mighty monster," less frequently it would he more welcome. It seems to be her pet festival song. Nevertheldess, although she gives it with great energy, and splendid power in the upper notes of her voice, it is by no means the piece best suited to her ;alents. She was applauded with great warmth. Thefirst part ended famously, with a magnificent performance of Bossini's brilliant overture to La Gazza Ladra, which roused the audience to enthusiasm. The second part of the concert was wholly devoaed to Mr, T. I. Hatton!s new cantata, entitled Pobin Hood, the performance of whien was directed by the' composer himself. The libretto of this piece, by MrGeorge Linley. is in the usual manner of that flnent verse-maker. The personages are Maid Marlon (miss Miler), Robin Hood (Mr. Sims Reeves), Littlo John (Mr. Winn, barytone-bass), and " the Bishop", (Mr.Weiss). The cantata, which is written with that facility for which Mr. Hatton is noted, although with less of morked character than the subject might have suggested, and than was exwhich sounds odd enough from the lips of Robin Hood, no earpet-knight, if chronicles tell truth, is aFter Shakspeare-" Under tne greenwood tree." The rest -. The music is tuneful and pretty, if not very new, and was sung by Mr. Sims Beeves with so much expression and tenderness that no one would have dreamed he was impersonating an outlaw; and so the song was redemanded. Ia a trio with chorus that follows, the fault of which is its length, the bold Robin Hood and his " merry merry men" are supposed to strip the good Bishop, in spite of his tears and proteshtions, of all he has about him. They then force him to dance against his will andmruchto his discomfort, in a chorus, "Strike the harp," which is by no means the best piece of music in the cantata. A m.drigal of "forest maidens"-whatever they may be(forest deers was suggested-"In our forest dell," for female voices, completes the picture of sylvan felicity subsequent to the act of brigandage, and contains further allusions to the " greenwood tree," lnder which these gentlewomen ae accustomed to "-wile away "The sultry day." pected from the author of the music of Henry ViL!. and 27ce Winter's TaZe (Mr. Kean's versions), may be shiortly described. It opens with a lively chorus of outlaws, who " no tribute pay" and " no monarch obey," according to the fashion of medineval outlaws in ordinary. The "Bishop," in a bass air, then threatens them for killing the King's deer, proclaiming his authority as " Custos Rotulorm " This air, while there are too many words to the notes, is at the same time a good specimen of saockbombast, and was delivered with appropriate grandiloqulence by Mr. Weiss. The Bishop, however, reckons withou!t his host. He is caught in a guet-apens by the gallant RCobin Hood, whose archers, clad in incoln green, surrounci the reverend father and his retainers. Robtn then (doubtless at the instance of some wary and far-seeing publisher) addresses the Bishop in a sentimental ballad, inviting him an(d his companions to share the joys of his sylvan retreat, vwhich are described after the most approved manner of drawvingroom ballads, made "to salt" The first line of this b llad, This madrigal is extremely pleasing and ingeniously accompanied; It was well sng by the ladies, and encored. Now that the Bishop has been plundered of his wealth and furniture, Robin and Marion have time to think of other matters, and the cantata comes to a termination with some pastoral billing and cooing. In a fresh sentimental ballad, Oh, love is like the ocean wild-now calm, ac." (not so good as its predecessors though aiming at the same mark), Maid Marion describes her heart as a " frail bark" upon the "w waters of love," which, "when the angry storm descends," sdnks "beneath the spray." A duet foUows, in which the two declare their eternal affection for each other, and their per- - fect satisfaction with forest life, in glowing and passionate numbers. The music of this duet is wel suited to the words. Thefinale is another lively chorus, in which Robin's followers express their disregard of ," kings and courtiers" and their devotion to their stalwart chief. 'This, too, was encored, and at the end Mr. Hatton was honoured by berets of applause, both from the members of the chorus (who, however, had no perceptible right to applaud a performance in which they took so conspicuous a share3 and! the audience. His success could hardly have been more complete. The idea of ordering two new compositions by Enplsh writers was honourable to the committeae f tho Bradford F estival, and will bring them an additional reinforcemeat of well-wishers. Thethirdpartoftheconcertmustbodismissedinafewwords. Madame Viardot Garcia was the heroine of this period, and through berhighly effective singing and actng in Cimaroa', trio, "Le faccio un' inchino" (in which she wa ably seconded by Madame Novello and Mrs.Weis), obtained a unanituous encore for that very hackneyed dramatic piece. In thefinale to the Sosnnam a, too, especially in the rondo, tt Ah I non giunge,"' Madame Viardot shone to eminent advantage, and won thle heartiest demonstrations of approvaL. The two nex.t pieces were equally perfect as combinations of good imusic and faultless execution. These wrae the queen of madrigls, " Down in a fiowlry vale," by the chorus, and the Tyrolienne from Batty, "In questo semplice," sung by IMadame Alboni with the archness and vivacity wbich have rendered it famous in her hancds. The concert coneimtded with the overtue to Anacreon-the most popular, though not the best of Chersbini's operatic preludes-another szil:ing manifestatioe of the power and efficiency of the band. -Notwithstanding the many,aractions of thi concert, it was, as we have hinted, anything but wel attended. The inamusicious eather had doubtless mnch to do vith this. But another cause militated strongly Against success; we allude to the prices of admission, of which the following is a list:- zea. d. Stalls * .. .. .1£Sia Area-3esreedLSeats . 015 o Weat GaUery-Firstdivision * . 010 0 West GaUery-Second division . 0 7 0 Area-Unrezerred * 0 7 0 ZSorthardSouthG.Ueriesa-Urneserved 0 3 6 To the guinea for stalls there can be no objection. The nobility and the wealthier manufacturers may weU afford to pay it. But aU the other prices are unadvisedly exorbitant, and one in particular-15s. for reserved seats in tha area-is absurd, since such as are able and willing to give 15s. would be just asready to pay a guinea. The disprity is illogical; and thus the reserved area is generally avoided, while theunreserved seats are advertised at a charge beyond the reach of the needier tradesmen and inhabitants, who, though urged by the committee, on behalf of the interests of the town, to support the festival, axe virtually banished from all participation in the performances. If thero be a loss in the end, and themembers of the guarantee fundae called. upon to pay a heavy sum each, it will tend to open a dismal Prospect before the third and next festival, in 1859. This result, however, will be mainly attributable to the mistaken notion of extravagaut prices, which is likelyto deprive of the greater part of its perbi`uas1e eloquence the following (other' wise thoroughly jastifia a ppal of the Bradforsd Observes to Bradford townsmen on behalf of the Bradford Triennial Festival:- " With this splendid list of names-most of them of European celebrity, and aU of great talent-with such a band and chorus as we have before described, andwith Costa at the helm, may we not with the utmost confidence expect that the Festival of 1856 will equal, yea, surpass, that of 1853, both in a mrsical anda pecniarypoint of view? To ensure the latter we must beg to remmn our towns. men that they all must enter into the matter with proper spirit. Everyone is interested more or less in such a resmt, and everyone can do something to promote it; and as the advancing character and reputation of the townl fairly and properly belong to every man in it, let every man feel it to he his duty to aid every enterprise that tends to this consunmmation. We should all feel it to be a disgrace if this festival, the arrangements for which have been carried out with so much spirit by the Festival Committee and their untising chairman, should fail even in a small degree as to pecuniary matters; and, on the other hand, proud shall we all be of the *dat which always attends success; therefore, let every man do his duty now, and not have to regret afterwards that owing to his indifference failure has resulted. We surely are not wrong in thmikmng that every tradesman of the town, however humble, will feel the impulse given to his business by this festival; every manufacturer will feel it; every merchant and every commercial man travelling for a Bradford house will feel it. Then, again, we say, let every man do lais duty to the town in which he lives and is making his money." Which is all very fne talkimg, but the humbler sort of tradesmen, who could have largely aided the undertaking, have been prevented from doing so by the cause we have assig>ned. It is not "indifference" but incompetence that bas kept them back-their "poverty," andnottheir "wilL", At the second morning perfgrmance to-day, in spite of the general curiosity to hear rr. Costa's oratorio of EBi, the hall was not well attended. Here s7lioud haze loeen a sure card, if brilliant success at the great Birmingham Festival, and confirmation of that success in London, at Exeter-hall, (without alluding to the merits of the work, or the piestlge of its composer's name) were of any value. The weather, it is true, continues detestable; but the weather would not have disturbed the equanimity of the Bradford people, who are as " impervious to rain as to smoke," and, had the Prices of admission been reasonably modere.te, would have gone to hear Eli under any circumstances. So splendid a performance as that of to-day-a performance very nearly equal to the memorable one at Birmingham last yeardeserves more than a passing word; but as thtere is no time for more at present, we must defer our observations until to-morrow. Suffice it that the principal singers were Mesfdames Clara Novello and Viardot Garcia, Herr Formes, Messrs. 'Weiss, Montem Smith, and Sims Reeves; that hi. Sims Reeves was encored in "Philstines, hark !" which he sang with superb energy and amazing power of voice; that a similar distinction was conferred upon Mesdames Novello and Viardot, Messrs. Beeves andFormes, in the unaccompanied quartet (taken from the organ prelude which precedes the overture), which could not possibly have gone better; that all the choras were admirably executed (except perhaps that in which the sons of Eli are ca"ousing with the women ontside the Temple, which was occasionally un steady, and not always quite clear); that the band was irre. proachable from first to last; and that, in spite of the com. parative thinness of the audience, the oratorio was wvarmly appreciated throughout and mr. Costa enthusiastically applauded at the conclusion. there is no performance to-night. To-morrow morning 27,c Mcessih, and in thte evening the first apearance of Mademoiselle Piccolomini, will, it is anticipated, give a now asnecttoaffairs and bringfall aucdiences to St. George'sHal. A telegraphic despatch, just received from London, announc ing the death of h. Baumann, the justly celebrated performer on the bassoon-on which instrument, indeed, he probably never baxd a rival-has caused the greatest distress among all his fellow artists engeaged at the festival here, and by whom he was as runiversally esteemed as he WdS admired by the musical public.
The COMMERCIAL BA2K at NEWCASTLE. NEWCASTLE-OY-TYN. WEmDsEsDY FoxgNooN lne B' ewcastle-on-'Tyne Commercial Bank has closed, being unable to struggle with the embarrasmnents caused by the Sadleir frauds. The Northerm, fcpress of this morning gives a sort of authorized statement of the reasons for closing the bank. It says,- "The Newcastle Commercial Bank yesterday closed its doors, and discontinued its payments. With unexampled coolness, judgment, and financial skcill, the managing director, Mr. William Walk-er, has, single-handed, conducted the operations of the bankFrom. the suicide of Mr. Sohn Sadleir, in February last, down to the present mioment. Every engagement has beenL hitherto met ; and although the entire paid-up capital of the bankhad been fraudulently abstracted in London, Mlr. Walker has for several mnouths met the claimz of the depositors. The excitement created in the public mind in the neighbourhood since the annual meeting of the shareholder. on the 8t'h inst., by the proceedinigs of Mtr. Aldernman Ken. siedy and his solicitor, Mlr. julius Partrige, rendered MEr. Walker's position no longer ten&ble, and the letters, circulars, and protests of Air. Partrige in the newspapers had creteda pnicamog te fw rmaiiagcustomers of "Th climsupn te bnk reincnsieralein amount. As he ssts lowinthedebs illbeeasily and promptly dIscarge. Te fiureswe ave eeninformedl are as folLiabilities ... ... £25.. .. -,000. Assets (including 51,000j. Tipperary orders) 80,000 There- are many substantial an repcable shareholders in the beak, and the utmost reliance may be placed on the ood management of Mrx. Walker n the new board of lcldirectors chosen on the 8theinst.an "Asregrdsth caita ofth shrehldes,the world thee mst elincecanbe lacd, he aw,we presuLme, mutdcd.
ANuicA? CLocK BusisZs.ZOut of 31 clock inanufactories enumerated by us in articles on the subject two years ago, four have been destroyed by fire, nine havo stopped by failure, and five ceased manufacturing on ao- count of small profits. There are stil 13 factories making - clocks, but only six of them running full time and with a full complement of hands. These six will produce about 95,000 clocks this year. The remaining seven factories will make about 48,000 clocks, so that the total production of* clocks this year will not exceed 143,000. The Jerome Manufacturing Company in 1853 and 1854 produced each year 444,000 clocks. Thus they must have produced more than anaverage of one clock per minute. Thefactory of J. C. Brown during 1851 and 1852 issued from 80,000 to 100,000 clocks annually, maldng a total from the two establishments of over 500,O00 clocks each year. The Ansonian Company manufactured aboat 150,OO last year. It is estimated that nearly 5,O0 have been lost in selingt clocks under the cost within the last three years. The clocks for exportation have amounted to about $1,000,000 annually. The business has resulted so disastrously to those engaged in it, that some time must elapse before capital will seek this channel as an investment, unless something like a combination can be made to sustain tho prices. Tho dock business now stands inapeculiarposion. Therehas beennoriseinprices,but there appears every reason to anticipate one. The amount of low-priced clocks made this year w l not supply the home market, and the exportation of the artcle must almost wholy cease for a time at least. It is said that ono or two English agents have been to the clock districts, and have scoured them thoroughly to buy all that could be Tmished, but the amounts were small, without the prospect of getting moro.-Nezw Hav : .Tournal. fCoAcsr AcaiNDvT n- Scomnm.-The "Earl of Errolr coach, which carries the evening mail from Aberdeen to Peterhead, was upset on the evening of Saturday last, while descending the bill opposite Ellon. As far as can be ascertainad, the coach was over-laden, thero being 22 passengers and a great quantity of luggae. In descendingthe hill immediately alsove the bri ge Of Ellon, the coach rather got the advantageof the horses, and an attempt to usethe drag was unsuccessful. Some of tho horses then becamie restiff, when the guard ran and took hold of one of thbm; but the cach, at The tun of theroad took aswing, and was completely upset, the paegers and hlu4ge being dashed on the road. We understand that, in the circumstances, the guard and coachman used every exertlon in the sufferers at Ellen. The coach is ser- much smsshed, and nine oftbe.assengers have sustained very sever.in* juaies.-Banffslnre J'oart-nc4
P-RrCZ ADALBJER.TD OFPRUSSrIA 4ID THEZ A rp~TF rIBES.I TO THE EDITOR OF. THE: TIMES.- Sir,-The lamentable resuits of a coUis'on bettween some boae crewsf ,nder the orders of the gallant Prince Adallerb of the Prussian frigate Dainig, and a people designated as "the pirates of PRiff,"are my plea for submitting a few remarks which, possibly, may contribute to rectify cerin impressions of an erroneous comsplexion now current, should you deem the subject of any public utility, and focl disposed to accept the authority of aman of humble pretensions, but who has passed a ternm of his life in official tmploy under the British Government in the empire whereof the country of the Riff, or-Riffi, forms a part, besides visiting some of the districts inhabited by those tribes, as. weU las the court or maetropolis where their resonsible chief or Minister usualy resides. With what propriety the -word "pirate" is used in application to the acts of a. people who possess neither barborus, shipa, nor the means to equip naval armaments, and whose only stronghold is a region of mountain and ravine, which'spreads some 200 miles -along the Mediterranean, I might inquire, or leave to the consideration of others. Bat if the name "pirate"be not misapplied to the natives of Riff, then, with equal propriety, its adoption nmust be accepted. with reference to all those tribes, Arab and other, who people the Atlantic side of Africa from the country or kingaom of Susa, or the 30 degrees of latitude north, to the northernmost limits of the French possessions on the Senegal Biver, exceeding 1S degrees of latitude. For throughout the whole extent of this country-say. 800 miles and more-the natives are systematic plunderers of the ships theycan decoy, or which, by stress of weather, or miscalculation of the bend of a current, trned from its ordinary direction by the cluster of the Canary Islands towards the lew and dangerous shores of the Sahara, ace constantly wrecked, and the survivors of their crews, of every nation, as I have often known or witnessed, stripped and sold into a state of slavery, after the vestiges of such wrecks had been consumed by fire, in order to remove traces that might wrnm other navigators of the vicinity of danger. Thanlks principally to the Scheriffsof Morocco, and to the present Sovereign above all, this bondage does not entail despair on-its victims, for, although those tribes owe no allegmnce to the Governmsent of this Prince, yetfrom pure benevolence, letusbelieve, heconstitates himself, as it were, the Imperial commissioner of all nations, friendly or otherwise, and, by his influence, redeems these captives at the price set upon their ransom, for the'solo gratification of sending them gratuitously to their respective homes, through tho medium of the accredited conscls. It is worthy of remark thac, while we justly stigmatize the acts of these vwreckers and plunderers as the acts of irreclaimable savages, their perpetrators are so little conscious of wrong, or concerned for the morality of our reasoning, that they really ascribe merit to themselves, believing and affirming that these "windfalls" are gifts sent by Allah to his faithful poople. Hence they piously offer up adoration and thanksgiving when they occur; which, alas ! we know happens only too often in despite of the cautions given at Mogador or other stations. In the case of the Prince Admiral of the Prussian navywhose claim to sympathy all Christendom mnust concur inthere is nevertheless cause for regret as well as for indignation. Admiration, indeed, we are constrained- to yield to g?llantry,viewing the impulse which prompted 3RoyalPrince to engage in such a strife for such an object and in such a nest of hornets, should these mountaineers prove to be of the class which some suspect. Yet, brigands, as certain of the natives of Riff are readily admitted to be, even by their own countrymen, I am still inclined to think that in this instance their conduct may have been instigated by motives much less atrocious than those which stamp a character on piracy and murder. Something must be conceded to the utter ignorance of these people re,garding Europe, although living so near its shores. Perhaps the exception to this ignorance was a knowledge that by certain flags of tho Christian Powers the friends and foes of Moslems might be known, on the return of the belligerents from soils yet reeking with the best blood of both faiths. Assuredly, however, the Rifis, by the bold and hazardous descent made upon their coast, could not have divined tho station, if by repute they even know the nation of the chief who came to them in arms, and doubtless, we suppose, knew not how to express a peaceful design by holding up the butt of a gan or the hilt of a sabro towards the tribe he may have alarmed. Upon such omission, if it occurredand if not theirs was the ferocity of tigers-it is certain the Sheikh or Sheikhs wdill endeavour to exculpate themselves while pleading inability to discriminato between the ea;le of Prassia and that of Russia-Bn nasser e1 Mososkioser-the symbol -which in these days is considered by them to embody all that is inveterate to the followers of theirProphet. Traditions of the Roman eagle, moreover, may justify the tribes in conceiving this bird to be of no good augury to themselves. At any rate, the plea may be supported by the non-existence of such an emblem among the flags of friendly Powers to be seen in the towns of the empire. Hence it may happen ihat the RiUEs will assume, in the examination they will sarely undergo before their own Sovereign (hiuloyAbderrahman, ruler of the three kingdoms, which constitute the empire of Morocco), that they did but repel under the eagle an unlnown invasion of their lands conformably to right, and to their duty as subjects. Good; but did they seek for a parley, or give time for explanations on the peaceablo designs of these strangers? Upon this point an argument may be made to hinge suitable to the reparation required, without a dereliction from justice, or shock that might in such acase arm the whole of those mountaineers against their Prince, and plange the country into that state (as I have also witnessed in another part of the continent) which Europe could only rue, from the fearful piracy and aitcity of all kinds then let loose. That the Rifs are subjects of the Emperor of Morocco, and their shores distant but 80 miles from his northern metropolis, Fez, needs no farther remark. Bat it may be added that, at times, these tribes, who, like many mountaineers, enjoy certain privileges, are exceedingly formidable to the Court, defying its authority, and defending the gorges of the Atlas they inhabit-nay, doing battle with the Imperial army on the plains. But to consider these people generaUy, as the notion seems to prevail in Europe, lawless depredators, because termed piratesfor the acts of some fishermen, it is afrmed-would but increase the amount of public illusion on the subject; for the R1'f like other countries, claims honour for its tribes, many of which are in truth of high descent, and few, if any, deficient of the virtue belonging to hospitality, and the protection due to sojourners when claiming it on that honour for goods or person. To consider them pirates as a nation, moreover, would be to attach a very large portion of the stigma to the authority that governs all, a monarch with whose empire for the past two centuries the great maritime Powers of Europe have been linked in friendly bonds, and still are fettered by those tiesthe salutary effects of which to the commerce of Europe the Prussian fhg has long participated in, although by the decoy or loss of one of her vessels on the African shores some years since she appears to have sustained a tithe of the loss which in sinmilar instances happens unheeded to the mercantile navy of other nations every year. Think as the world may on many things where prejudice is begotten by the name it lingers upon (and such may be associated with that of Barbary), it needs no depth of rea - soning to show that an Emperor who governs so large a portion of that country cannot tolerate in his subjects iu these days piracy on his coasts against the fiag of any nation ; bot.h his honour and his interest forbid what would accelerate the dissolution of his authority, by the demoralization of his cwn people, without contemplating the destruction it would cctail from the Powers aggrieved. It is then simply denied that any act, during the long ard eventful reign of Muley Abderrahman, betokens a disregard for justice andthe rights of foreigners, Life and property in Morocco, as elsewhere, are the objects which engross its Emperor's solicitude, and claim the protection they receive withoutdistinction of persons or faith, As without discrimination between such as are directly represented by the agents of Government accredited to his court and the reverses. For the rest, what Power can complaia of infraction of any treaty existing with an empire whose scrupulous observance is attested by the repose it is left in by maritime States The very enactment wbich prohibits intercourse with 5trangcrs coming by sea, unless to the towns, besides its necessity for protectng the revenue, is as 3salutary as it is inaispensable to commercial adventurers, relieving the Government from a reponsibility it could not Wke if life and. propertyofChristianssedcallyw-r.ejeopapdiedamongtribes whose usages are notunderstod, If towarnoffboat& orreeisti lnding u n tho d6fnceuaspart of the coastofany country, and to fire upon a trasgressor of quarantine or other laws, is claimed as a right in Europe (and this experience is an acquirement by purchase on theSpanish coas notwitbsAnding I W in the gig of a British corvette) it iz difficult to conceive that the argument this mnay supply should be solely usd for the edification of the'public on this side of the Gibralar Straits, or that it should not ch the intelligence of those who live beyond it. Reasoning so based (although it is wlle to turn the quea. tion on both sides) ray seem to increase difficulties. But, no ! in tho lamentable case before the public, whicb, for reasons not to be lost sight of, claims a peculi reparationa consistent with a true, not a superficial sensoe of honour, adequate both to the injury sustaed and to the dignitT o£ the offended Christian o6wcr, -i i mor6 thin- proWable ihe amperorrmw i3 cadderM fr as h5may do, everMsbig seccnda to the dew,of 3nanifetingt tthe *orld thae grief acd vexation he nastially feeli, aundthe reparation that may be called foof by'c inustances, ahould 'Prussia be guided by that cousie whih alone befits her £cvereigni and her people. - ' This result couldmeve be. hoped for from a navaI demonstration against the cliffs of liff., had Prussia the navy to makeone; nor bya military expedition, i-f-he were able to transoort an army beyond sea to attak caTerns: and the wretched hovels she would find peopled by these mountain bordes, wlhk.-e daring, too-which their Emperor even could vouch for-is as-much a subject for reflection as the facility for defensive Wrar in a nataralfortress of such extent, and whichibe Caliphs ilsofound impervious. But what number of men must be employed? Could it be a smal arm, inowever Irave? Yet how support-one-which would raise thewarvhoop of Wd'Deen amid populations untold, and bring the Djahid. on its: traes? The thought alone -would seem to be as preposterous as if the 'West of Europe, just reposing from its toils in protecting a prin. cille, were to reverse the order of things, and raise a j crusade againstlthat priieiple; and thisfor triflinginterest,, which, if general, may be secured without it, or can only be so seureL It is no drawback from the glory acquired by effco to say that the- capitulation of Algiers was the effect of the jealousy, or fear of the Day, to employ 80,000 Kabyles, mostly cavalry, who solicited to be led to the fieli; nor disparagement to those msterly manceuvres 'which enabled a French commnider to surprise an army of observation at Islay in time of peace. The claim of Prussia is not for a fair field and a hattle to display that bravery which we well llnow to be characteristic of the nation, but for satisfaction for an injury sustined. For what would it avail, even if success should wcron a momentary or prolonged effort, to exterminate enemies they have not yet raised up, and burn th6 boats they find, for, as to the houses, if such they maybe callecd, they areincombustible? By the former course, and by that onlv, honour ani in terest might be effactually se"ured, for neither Fez nor Mlorocco is out of reach, and the commerce of the world at large would owe the boon of safetv to the firmrness and discreUon of thePrutsian monarchy. The three or four months mwhich-iatervene between this and Christmas are peculiarlyfavouraable fortherviewhere taken, asth§seintroducetheploughing season, when the Riffs, descending to thc8 plains to tarn up the, soil, are more accessible, and-more submissive to the Government. Then, and in harvest time, the passes being open, the Emperor's authority is ususlly in the ascendant; and then satisfaction might be obtained worthy of the Emperor to exract, and of the Xing-to accept. Sould military measures, however, be determined on as preferable, what may be hoped on the Atlantic side, where the EmperoP~s treasury feelsthat grievance it cannot remove?s I have the honour to be, Sir, Youlr oheAi,.nt hirn,hln c*F 3OSEPG ThTPTTlR 7.4._ 'Tr:^ --- _ London,Aug,ust 2,. in T4oli and Tunis.
THE MANUFACTURE 0F MALZEABLE IBO2 AYD STEEL WIfTHOUT FUBEL. (From the MZ er7ansptor oChronid,) Mr. Bessemer's discovery of a method of naking mnalleable iron and " I semi-steel" without subjecting pig iron to the process of refining and puddling, bywhich a large saving in fuel, and labour, and machinery rill be effected continues to excite great attention in this neighbouzhood. In our last publication we gave Mr. Bessemer's account of his invention, as detailed at the meeting of the British Associa. tion for Advancing Art and Science at Cheltenham; and in our present paper -we furnish a further account of an experimental trial which took place in London on Friday last. The operation was witnessed by a numerous company of gentlemen connected with the iron trade, and pronounced successful. Two conditions, however, were wanting to that thorough fulilment of the promises -which Mr. Besseemer's invention holds out, whLich may seem to require some explanation; and this explangtion it is now our purpose to afford. The experiment, for several nod reasons, took place in London; but neither in london nor its neighbourhood are blast furnaces or iron mills and forges to be found. The operation, consequently, was carried into effect Upon pigiron rmelted in a cupola instead of melted iron flowing from a blast furnace; but this in no particular favonred the experiment, for the bulk from which the contents of Mfr. Bessame's cylinder were tak-en being less that that of "a charge" in a blast fiunace, the beat, in all probhbility, was less, and the metal, consequently, not so well 'repared for that admixture of atmospheric air by which xts high state of incandescence is acquired. The second condition attaching to t'he experiment that couldnot beflfiled was the conversion of the contents of the cylinder into ber iron. N1o attempt to do this could be made in consequence of none of the iachinery for the purpose having been erected in connexion with establishments for melting iron in the metropolis or its neighbourhood; but the fact that malleable iron, fibrous iron, has been made by Mr. Bessemer's process,*s, we understand, placed beyond doubt by the abition of bars that are the result of the mrocess. Thus the process wouda seem complete, and the eiidence of its completion before our eyes. StiU the discovery is so simple, yet so great and unexpected, and the results so extensive and important, that some amount of doubt as to its immediate perfection may be excusably entertained. There is not, so far as we can understand, any chymical difficulty whatever in the way of the invention. On the contrary, through its chymical action-that is, by the infnsion of compressed atmospheric air into the mass of melted iron in tho cylinder-it worls out the chymical change effected by puddling, and at the same time supplies that mechanical motion in the mass which the puddler with his long iron bar can only with great labour effect. The liquid iron, owing to the intense eat ganed, literally boils, bubbles, and the scum is cast off; taken from the cylinder in this state it is "semi ste-l," allowed to remain a little longer, it becomes, as thickened liquids after the evaporation of portions of their aqueous contents often do, of a pasty and stringy character-of that consistence that gives the fibre to the iron. How this is effected is not cnite clear. We knovw the modus operandi, but the cause of the change is beyond our view. In the case of Mr. Bessemer's iron it seems to be effected by intense heat; in the present practice the beat is less, and the exposure to the influance of atmospheric air, modified or changed by its progress through the puddlingfurnace, would appearto be greater; forthe surface of ironpresentedto atmospheric influence in Mr. Bessemer's cylinder cannot be more thna the superficies of its circumference. Hence, in the two operations there is an important difference. Whether that difference ends in precisely the samne result, so far as obtaining malleable iron iS concerned, isa circumstancewhich only practice can substantiate. Mr. Bessemer, in the present position of his discovery, arnd the compar-atively imperfect state in which it has been submitted to the public, must expect to encounter many doubts-doubts that only its general adoption ci'-.i solve. As may be guessed from our preceding remarks, some of these have already appeared, and have received a most satisfactory and conclusive answer. Another of these doubts is the character of the pig iron which has been the sabject of experiment. A writer, who adopts the signature of "Ironmaster," wishes " to know what the quality of rig vas that he used in his experiments; whether it was col air, hot air, mine, cinder, or any of these mixed," as a knowledge of this is necessary to render the comparative loss by puddling and " boilng" accurately known-and, of coure, to some extent, the value of the invention. We hava ourselves, from good authority, heard of Shropshire pigiron of such excellent quality that, upon being heated in a blacksmith's forge and hammered, it wvas, without puddUlng or any other procesr, converted into exceUent malleable iron. We cannot here enter into any description of the qualities that constitute good iron further than to state that its ductility and capability of extension, either by elongation or inbreadth, or by both, with its anti-laminating nature, are the constituent merits of high-class iron. It is, of couuse, too soon to ask that Mr. Bessemer should present us with specimens of iron of the, high quality we have isdicated. All that the terms -of his invention allow us to require is that miaUeable iron, produced from pi_: iron without puddlmg, should be shown. And this is, indeed, a high requirement. One of theprincipal, and most expensive, and most laborious, processes in iron making will he supersededI This is gained if Mrr. Bessemer's invention should produce j only a low class of fibrous iron. Improvements would naturally folloYw and thecost of iron boing redaced, its onderful adaptability to the requirements and the accommodations of life wold be rendered mrei and more evident as human ingentity, ever progressing, devised. Tt has not been our-pnrpose, as the reader wil perceive, to dw u pon the more o inmediate and pecuniary results of lMfr. Bessemer's invention. We wish to indicate its bearings, not merely with resard to its local or national, hut its social resuat. We take lt for granted that the cost of the productionof iron 'wil be materiall diminished, -uand the consequaent appliance of it to manypurposesget unperceived t-ake place; hence a greater demand, a g2reater manuafcture, wad greater employment. in o seful invention has ever diminished employment. A change of the mode of employment has become necessary; b but the more resdily that chan,ge has been accepted the greater has been the welldoin" of the individuals coucermed. In the Present case, so hars and so life-destroying is the paddler's labke tht we, bolieve there does not exat anysesous objection to its relinouishment on the part of very many concemre. Less of human life, they wisely think-and their own lives are the lives concerned-would be exhausted. Exoerimeats to test the invention wvill, we hear, soon take ehlaee. It Lwill be advisable that they should be as numerous and, as much diversified as circumstanceswil permit. The invention is so importnt that no conceivable test ougt to ha omitted, for byits capability of tanding these tests its vane must be asegrtained. These tests, so far as wre can judge, are lik:ely tobeorigoron5, yet fair, and, wre may add, condueted with every seteto find them successful. The theory of the invention, so far as we can ascertai, is believed to he perfect; in its practice, heLondOthe Nxperimehtal rGane o0 r.Bessemer, some' dihicwlties are atsseed, but theynae not consideree to be iasurmounatble; and whEile the testingKspirit is awaliened, that of inquiry cannot slumt er,-they mait work togrether; aaa - we beeve wre can say that- experiments upon a scale calcisWaed to show i*hether the invention is one of limited. or ef uiversal applicability 'will soon; be undertaken. In a few weeks we shall, upon safe grouied,'be able to spea of onie of the greatest inventions of the day; andi this wve might say uapon the supposition that it uroceeds no further t-han its "eemi.steel" process -For urtselves, we do not' quit it 'here, for we have-faith; wrebelieve 'that -the contemplated exiseriments will veriff' the statements of the inveantor. We have yet a word to say. It is that the intformation oE the invention has not been received with disstisfaction bay theworkingelasses in this neighbourihood. LOiNDON Glixlu O3Wcmus OOlfPXg.- T.ifie receipts for the week enkding Auxg. 2C3-.%2n9T. lGsi aa,
HE .ADMrIHSTPATIO-O OF THE OR1VrMA7; LA,W. TO THE EDITOP OFl THE Tl:sfES. i - Sir,-In your ablcdartic'es osn the admriinistration o2 the cinminal law there are some erroneous conclusions naturallyenough made, 'which I think it the duty of those practically acquaied 'with the working of the adminitration of-tha |crina law to point out lest the great weight of your ilxtlic influence slould lead to the adoption. ofnmeaures I which must prove usielievous in practice. Yo, state with great force and truth that respectble attorneys nowoften avoid undertaking criu,inal prosecutions because, as in the;instance quoted by you, they ofteni impose a los, or inadequate remuneration. The copsequence is, that criminal prosecutions often, get into.the hands of an inferior class of attorneys, who wilL undertake them for the loirest -nssible amcunt of remuneration. The remedy you suggest is, that a public prosecutor should: be appointe as in our large borough towns, to undertako all prosecutions, and thus compromises and incompetency will be avoided, arising from - deficient character and deftcient knowledge in the class of attorneys engaged. IThere are, however, grave objections to the appointment of a public prosecutor which I wi presently notice. Bet it seems to me that the natural Temedy for the evils you point out is simply to pay the attorneys adequately for the conduct of prosecutions. Respectable and competent men will then come forward to conduct them; their character and, position, and the natural rivalry of -men who see a chance of getting a paying business and securing' it, would then infallibly insure that each case should be well sifted, that all necessay witnesses should be in attendince at the trial, that the probable defence of the accused shoule' be anticipated, and that the case should be 'well drawn for the instruction of consasel. But the opposite course i systematically adopted, as if to bring about evils which can only bh remedied by the appointment of a -public prosecutor, and there are not wanting those who assert that the appointment of public prosecutors all over the country is a6 foregone conclusion because of the patronage it 'will place at the dispossl of the Government, and that it is deteirmined, to bring it about. At this moment Government taaingofficers, men of recent creation, and whose vocationis not cnowntothelawor inancient practice, are visiting every session and assize throunghout the country, taxing the attorneys' bills, cutting down counsels fees, and reducing the allow.- ances to constables and witnesses to the lowest possible figure, on the pretext that, the costs being paid out of the consolidated fund, the Government has a right to superintend the taxation of costs. The established officers of-the law-the clerk of arra gns at assizes and the- clerk of the peace at sessions-are superseded in practice, and their siale of allowances, 'which has been found by cxperience to wbrk efficiently, is set aside. The attorney is so badly paid that he sends his junior clerk with his brief to the assixes, and, often, at sessions, intrnsts it to the constble to deliver to counseL The reason is, his timo is not paid for. The constable is so scurvily paid his expenses that he can barely live, and I know that the practical effect in the W-et Riding has -been that unless a constable can get up two or three cses in his district for the sessions 'he 'wll say nothing about them, or let them stand over till the next sessions and take his chance of another case arising;, in order that out of the conjoint expenses he may get a reasonable aowance. Thus knoVn thieves, whose career might and could be at once stopped, are allowed to be at Iarge, because the Government does not pay adequately for their apprehension and prosecution. What worse kind' of compa-omise can there be than this ? Again, at assizes one brief is now generaly delivered to counsel, marked wits as low a fee as counsel can be induced to undertake it for. If the case should be defenda, he has no junior to taie a note or to get up a point raised in the progress of the trlal, but he must -fight through it as he best can, remember the answers to his own examination, and get any friend who happens to be seated near him, and who will do it, to search the book1s to meet any crotchet raised on the other side for the defence. He himself cannot do it. Every enargy of his mind is required to -watch the case as ib proceeds, to check irregularities, exclude questions which are not evidence, and to note points for his own address to the jIry. If he should be barely equal to all this, however experienced, 'Who is to blame shoula the prosecution fall from some slip of his s The Government and its taxing-officer. On this circit the practice formerly ewasfardifferent. Sir3ohnBayley, the clerk of arraigns, allowed liberal and proper costs. The consequence was the attorney came personally; he got the case up well; he pr'epared two briefs, and, in the event of the case being defended, the junior counsel was there to take a note, or to get up auy point on the instant that 'his leader wauted in the exigency of the trial. And now to the question of public prosecutors, -nl their effect in the administration of justice. On this ircult, as on others, we have them in our large borough towns The gentlemen who fill these oJfices are most ablo and efficient for the duty; but they are but men. At Liverpool, for instance, with 100 c3ses in the sessions calendar every six woeeks, what single mind can efficiently get up the 'whole of them ? It cannot be and is not done under this sstein. A clerk copies the depositions and abstracts the indictmcnt, and that is the counsel's brief. The depositions themselves handed down by the Court, and the indictment itself wouldi do just as well, and give the counsel as much informiation. In cases of importance, no doubt, greater care is taken. But the general effect is that many cases are got up according to rule, and fail because they require more attention than the ordinary rule. It is, in fact, the ordinary evil of "red-tapism" in another shape. There is wanting the stimulus of competition. But the evil does h.ot rest here. The briefs of the public prosecutor are dealt round to counsel, when fairly distributed, as at Stafford, like a pack of cards. The result is, that the junior banister who has just joined sessions for the first time is delighted wiv th two briefs, and writes to tell his mother that he has a chance of becoming Lord ChancellorBut the junior banister in time gets old and experienced; he comes and comes to sessions, and stiljhe gets his "'two briefs," whicn in a few years' time he looks on with the greatest contempt, from their character, fee, and style of distribution; and these briefs, which are technically called, "soup," are barely opened, and done in as slovenly a style as thebusiness can be done. And why9 Becausethesystesu holds oat nohopetothe counsel. Why should he exert himself and do his work well-" two briefs" are his reward, next time; if he does his work anyhow he will get just the same. Tho result is, the beat men get aick of it, aud go ; and the tendency is to get together a number of counsel who can get briefs in no other way. The one or two experienced and able men who go to sach sessions go there for the defences, and donot want or care about the " soup,"' becausethe "one guinea"feemarked on them maydeb3rthemn from a defence brief, in the same case miarked five times as much. What is the consequence to the public! A desperate. thief has taken care to retain the able Pooun,lforhisdefence; his prosecution takes the chance of the ace of spades, and' younglsir. Smart-vig, who hbasjust joined, turns it4pas.his "soup." The result may be easily predicted. Mr. Smpartwig opens his case in a neat and verynervous speech,,and, chock full of pleaders' notion; which he has brought dowvn to sessions from 2dr. Quirk's chambers, which he has just left, proceeds to examine his witnesses. Suddenly hq is dumbfoundered at finding that he cannot ask a question but itis objected to as "a leading question," or as "irrele-vant," or as "hearsay," or because "the prisoner swas not present," or for the score of other 4Cjectipns which the practised counsel avoids. Re becomes more nervous, flounders, forgets his points, makes out no case, the experienced defender goes triumphantly to the jury, and the desperate thief is acquitted. A public prosecutor*nd '9 soup " have secured this result, But suppose the public prosecutor simply a man,_and open to the ordinary influences which affect men, and thaM he does not deal out his " soup " like a pack of cards Me 'is aLlowed to discriminate. A power of conducting thet 'whole prosecution is put irto his hands which may, and often does, excite comment saul discuntent in its modeOf distribution. - Local barristers of comparativelyiaferioracquirements and limited experience get hold of 'him, dinner him, introducoe him, pat him on the back-to be repaid. by"discriminating soup.;"andthus, with asesaions 'with able and experienced London men on it, the heaviest cases will generally be found, both at -sessions and assizes, ia the hands of the local barristers4 while Mbler London men look; on and hopelessly laugh at' his blun-derings. These pets, tbe selected prosecutors, are rrely selecte,d - to defend prisoners; their qual;fcations are of a different order. Tho consequence is their faculties are not sharpened to find. out the faws ancldholes in what, at first s3ght, aippoars to be a "dead case," and the defending counsel, who must. do. this, bcoome more than a match for them. It is no faul! of theirs; it is practice which makes the an efficient. Bat with this system hor fares the public! The xhieves haix a better chance of escape. - - - Depend upon it, free competition and adequate reun.- ration will secure the ablest attorneys and counsel sad the utmost zeal of tho police. The shotcomin& it1 these, respects are owing toa& niggard econov, 'which makes bothx atorney and counsel indifferent, and the constable positireliy aiirk hi6sdut. - Apologezing for this too long letter, I remain. Sr. A SESSIONES BARBiSTEX Nt&oheM ViauiM, l*erpbi, Aust 25 -. DEAnH OF 1iL-:ipAar.-lA ietter, datead stut ait Aulgust 22, in iho Auqsburg GaaXU4 z itc t vffit Lindhamterdied wtNonhna, Dan the-lako of_Qoztae,onIt1% I2 inst.
FOREN INTELLIGERNC.- -- - -l E (FROlt OUR OWN CORO0NDXFT.) (^A pOrRca of tho fowi appesaed In our second ein n ^f Own ._7 vtL , .*V - .lf. U r. . I The decree definitively dissolving and suppressing thev Spa;nish astvional Guard1 has reached 'is to-dy, accom1panied by a long preamble, signed by all the Dlnisters, in which that popuiar instituttionD is crushed uinder an accumulaton of accusations and imputations composing no very fatering epitaph for its tomb. It is declared to have been a constant cause of perturbation, an ococaion of disgust and uneasine to the commercial classes, a corrupting venom for ithe needy and worlkig cislsts, obnoxIlou to all power and all gove rnent, and prejudical to production. It is said to intimi;nat and paralyze trade,, to check or annul' peaceable reforms, to impede the free developmeat of representative institutions, to mislead public opinion, and to resist a resonaMse organiz:ation. Thee are but a small part of the charges brought agains it in the rather violent and verbose exposition to the Queen intended to justify a decree upon which she is said to have insisted, and which we may be quite sure she signed. with the greatest pleasure. The only credit allowed to the lationals, from the time they were first formed down to the presqent day, is to that portion of them inhabiting thfe provinces where the Carlist war hieflyraged. These are admitted to have given brilliant proofs of valour and constancy. But on all other occasions, ard especially in the numerous political crises that have afflicted Spain since the civil war, the national militia re declared to have been either useless or noxious. " When the hour of great catatrophes strikes," say the Spanish Ministers, "the National Guard either inactively looks on or but feebly resists the comnon shipwreck of order and of liberty."1 We need look but a few weeks back for an example of " feeble resistance "to an attack on Spanish liberty. If the National Guard had fulfi1led the- too sanguine expectations of those who behUldin. it a guarantee of constitutional friedom, t would not, no be loaded with obloquy and finally dissolied, nor ,would those men he in power who havejast auggested and signed its suppreasion. By this mcasure O'Donnell will probably be considered by the i'berals to have thrown down the gauutlet and comapletely srf ered hielf from them; but, in fact, it is not clear that they are great losers by the act. Prorsit chiefs, some of them military men, who had both sean service with the armyand }held commnands in the lNational Guard, and who shoulid therefore have been able1 to form a sound judgment as to the real military value of the latter, were enthusiastic, before the revolution of 1854, as to what it would achieve for their cause if its arms were restored to it. When O'Donnell rose with the cavalry, and hisfriends, seeinghim unsupported by the nation, sounded certain proninent LiberasT whom they hoped to arouse inhis behalf, tihe arming of the National Guard was mnade the chief condition of succour. " Th-at," it was exultingly said among themselves, "w will a-e us the masters of the situation." And so it did, for a time. Inaction was the order given until the Manzanares proclamnaton appeared, and then the curb was taken off, the people rose, and the work was soon done. The army was then weak, disaffected, il-organizeLK O'Donnells first care was to nut it in such a, state as should nmot again leave himi dependent on au institution he detested. Had a foreign enemy been expeeted, greater pains could hardly have been taken thau during the last two yearn to restore its efficiency. The jealousy of the Cortes prevented its being greatly increased in numbers, but there is reason to believe that its tregth has by some means been augmented beyond the limit prescribed by the Chamber. But if, when the day of contest came, 400,000 Nationals, of whom the great majority, if not the whole, were well armed and equipped, were unable, through want of resolution, or of concert, or of leaders-or, a stil more weig,hty reason, in consequence of political differences among themselvesto defend the Liberal banner against about 100,000 soldiers marshalled under that of reaction, what, it may fairly be asked, is the use of the Natonal Guard even to its own friends? We saw how, after the 14th of Jdy, Falcon, Ruiz, and other Progreeista Generas were compelled to give way, unable to nake anything of the heterogeneous elements at1 their command, and we know of other instances where officers of rank, having presented themselves in towns and districts where the Nationals were under arms and unsubmissive to the new r9gine, retired without an attempt at a manifestation, doubtles3 because they saw that nothing was to be done with such materials. Speaking more particularly of the National Guard of 1854, of which such great things were predicted, 1 can affirm that impartial persons, who had opportunities of observing it, never anticipated the reaization of those brilliant prophecies. A large number of reactionaries, new and false converts to the Liberal caLue, were to be found in its ranks, which also included a host of respectable men, bult decided non-comnbatants; and a considerable proportion of men of the lower orders, who, writh small stomach for a fight, loved to sitru in uniform on Sundays, and to figure at parades on the Prado. But in a whole battalion of them there was not the value of a compaiy of well-trained soldiers. And so it proved when the day of battle came. It may be doubted whether if the LAberals again arrived at power they would gain much by reorganizing the National Militia. They certainly, after what has just passed, could hardly place in it their former blind confidence and look upon it as the sheet-anchor of their cause. So the National Guard is gone, and doubtless the Constituent Cortes will soon followv; and the belief gains strength that the Constitution of 18I5 wl be reverted to, with certain modifications, as yet too vaguely defined to allow- an estimate of their importance. It is pretty clear that Moderado doc- tines are again in the ascendant in Spain. I There are many persons who think that the Constitution of 1845 is quite as liberal a one as the Spaniards of the present day are fit, for. There is no magic power in the date of a constitution, any more than in the name of a party. It is not this or that constitution, but a Government at once strong and honest, that is wanted for the prosperit and happiness of Spaniards. Unfortunately the AMode- radow, as a party, have ever shown themselves, corrupt and prone to encroach, for their own advantage, upon the rights and liberties of the people. The most honest men are among the Progresistas, but they have certainly not proved themselves the ablest, and as political leaders and men of government they have never enjoyed much reputation. We are told, however, although in somewhat obscure and oracular terms, that Messrs. O'Donnell and Rios Rosas, the only men of mark of the presnt abinoneitssword, the other its penhava struck out a plan for forming a party which shall absorb the best members of all others, and present such a spectacle of union, hamony, and cood government as has never yet bean wvtaee in Spain." QjaaP' MIayGod gantit !-will betheexcla tion of all the friends of that unluckycountry. uat they will wait events before presenting their congratUlations, sO often have they been deceived by s.nch assurances, which have ended but in disappointment and gloom. Meanwhile, O'Donnel had netter look to himself. The firstact of the drama sems3 nearly played out. It leaves him in the centre of the stage, sill the chief and dominanit figure. On either hand are seen the piled arms and reversed colours of the National Guard; in the background are the closed .door3 of the Cortes, and tasteful tranparencie3 dis- Lay the word "Vicalvaro" and the fig,urer. " 1845." tnthe ne &Ct iEce.n mav ppear1DOn thscene. It is said +that Marshlal Narvaca's cele- 3fit4iW caarger, on which he has already ridden rouqmzJ44 over SPain, is again saddling, and that - : IIe the PYreneez will not be the limit of his journey. The O'DonnellT we well know, is sals petr, as beconies-hi soldier's coat and his Irish .bloo&; but fearlessness does not always save from a fa3,1, and if he beishe will be ar eonhhisguad agans peis rom Vaeaic . Th oowingprivae pnt telegraphi.c despatclh has been received: {:BEB-IN, A-U. 25. R i c ntellignace from St. Peterebmz denies the trLkth of teproiectatibutedt-ot a RuMian Governmea of establiahing a third military port for its fleets in the Baitic at Kaskw, in the Galf of Finlnnd, not far from the coast ofr Sweden., The Tree per Cents. closed, to-day a. 70.Oc.'- 5O for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 94&f. SOc.; and the New Loan at 701. 40c.; OrensRi way Shars l,}85f.; Great Northern, 1,042f. 50c.~; Strahurg,, 93Sf.; Niew Shares 850f.; P?aris and Lyons, 1,SS2f. 5.0c.; Lyon3 t,o tho Medei,anean, 1790£. Wetxn' of Fr6ne, 95Sf. 7M.; Bordeaux and teteo, !T70f.; Grt Central of Frane, 685f. ; Lyons and Geer*av 802E. SOc.; BAnk of Cridit Mobilier, l,4595f. ;Ausrian BR ys, 872M. 5Oc. Coars Auy M_PAUs, A's 25.- ?Ies.- Jour-d(-&Ha f e (not = rle tofor ymr), 94f. 50. 25c. t reA per Ceat., 70f. 5Oc. Moe. 40oc. ditt Loan of 185 (0 iBr cent. *d), 70f. ; teCsficae (70 ment. paid) 70f. 5 i Tury Boids, 5 per-.cent.- at months; Bank Actions, 4.10t.; Drbait zoncier, E67f-50c.; ditto Obligationx of oof.. Yhree per Cents., 4001.; ditto Tenethe, Four per CentS., 90f iProm. Obligtions of 10 , Thee per Cens., 930 e iret lobilier, L,590f. 1,A5;. Discount Bank. 6935f; kidzaoert Fiv; Cent&, 91f. 50_; Austrian Five per Ceatg., 88; Rent: ae Naples' ~" (lsd'sl 113- BRomas, Si: aai Deferred Conwzb, 24q 25A ~; ditto Inteior Debt, 39g. E}hag on l,~on, at sighit. mc, 25?. 2J.c.; kero mcISto4, money, 25f. THE VM1TERRANSA.W. (unol oun ow0 05 oR rNn sNV.) 3AXSELEBS, AuG. 24, The ml steamer Jourdain arived to-day from Constantinople. She sailed thence con the 15th inst.; Gallipoli, 16th; Smyrna, 17th ;- and Malta, the 20th. She brought 200 pssengers. Letters rezeived bythe Jourdam sate thatthe Mal packetwil, which ihouid have sailed from Cxonstantinople on the 14th, had taken fire, and the mails had consequently been delayed a day. ' - The Govermient screw corvettes Gironde, and Dordogne have arived at Mrseilles, brilging the m4We of the French hospitals at Constantinople. The English steamer European has anrived fr6m K2.- miesch, having touched at Algiers, bringing aiamunition for the FrenchGovement and 400 soldiers. The Engli sailing brig Remembrance hlsi likewise arived from Kamicch, bringing biwsit for. the French Government. Two companies of the 40th Regiment arivved to-day from Rome. ,They, proceeded immediately to N{arbonne to jobi the. depOt of their regiment. Seven merchant vesels arrived to-day from the Black Sea, laden with wrheat. ; j The Chamber of Commerce of this iown has a- nounoed to the merchants thit the Quean of. spain has, by a decree of the Ilth inst., prolonged the period for the admission of grain and hoax himtitthn 1st of June, 1857. Trade was rather dul lat week- in nieilies, buyers finding prices too hfgh and ,.olders of produce not being inclinbed to abte theur demands.. I consequec.. of the immense s3uplics.of. wheat arrived from the Black Sea speculators. for a rise became somewhat discouraged az t' tha beginning of the week, but subsequent accounts from the north of Friuce, announcig an nrfravourable change of weather, agaitn restored their confidence, and high prioes are still maintained. 16,000 hectolitres of wheat f:rom MIarioupol were sold at.from 26f. to 271. for immediate-delivery, and 9,000 hectolitres of Polish at 2Sf. Sugars are dull. A few,purchases -of ?aTrtinique- sagar were maade by the refiners at 41f-. the 50 ilogrammes in bond. A few bales of silk imported last week- were sold on the quay at highprices. Olive oil is quoted at from 119f. to.120f. thehectolitre. A letter from Toulon, dated this morning, stats that the ship-of-the line Tourville sailed yesterday, and likewise the frigate Nemesis. The following vessels are at present anchoredinthatport :--Sips-. of-the-line, Bretagne, Napoleon, Ulm, Aleirags, and Wagram; figates, Didon, IReine Blanche, Sane, Zenobie. Asmodee, Descartes, an Isly; .Corvettes, Cassini, Duchayla, Cameleon, Ehin; steam cutters Aigle, Req-uin, Averne; transports, Loire, DMane, Egerie, Meurthe, Isere, and Oon. II It appears from a census lately taken at Toulon, tnat the population of that town has increased from 20,500 in the year 1801, 28,419 in 1831, and 69,474 in the year 1851, to 82,705 in the year 1856; or, in other words, that the population of Toulon increased by 13,231 souls in five years, by 54,286 in 25 years, and by 62,205 in 55 years; having quiadrupled in half a century. RUSSIA. (FROM OUPn BERUn CORRzsPoNDENT.) BERIN, AUG. 25. Tevauo oftheu Ise of place states that the evacSation of the Isle of erpents, which had been already announced by telegraph, is now- amply confirmed by letter. It also transpires that the thre parties to the treaty of April 15 have expressed their satisfaction at this result to the Russian Cabinet, but at the same time have implied the necessity that ekists for Russia's expressly renouncing any claim to any of the Danubian islands, and that this renunciation should be looked en as though it formed part of the Treaty of Paris, sgned March 30. A letter from St. Petersburg of the 19th inst., in the same journal, says:- "The day before yesterday Count Morny, the French Ambassador to the Coronation, presented to the Emperor the Order of the Legion of Honour; this interchange of orders between the Emperors of Russia and France is looked on as an unroistakeable evidence of the personal sympathies which the two Monarchs entertain for each other.. Our Emperor is known to be an admirer of Napoleon I.'s greatness as a ruler and as a genera, and he transfers to the heir of his name and throne a portioni of the admiration he feels for himn. How generally these sympathies have penetrated from above among the lower classes of the people may be seen in the fact that the portrait of ths first Emperor was never so frequently visible as now in all public places, in the picture-shops, and in private dwellings, even the Emperor's stdy contatns a half-length of Napoleon I., the size of life,by Horace Vernet. On occasion of the presentation of the Orders the remaining members of the French Embassy, who had only lately arrved, were presented. Two distinguished Americans followed themMr. Morse, the inventor of the telegraphic writing apparatus, and Colonel Colt, the inventor of the revolvers, which are much in use here. How everybody and everything is zealous in obeying the hint given by the head of the Stateto flatter the French may be most strikingly seen in the publication, by a journal of this place, of a report sent in by Colonel Wolkenstein, who in this spring received the fortress of Kinburn back from the hands of the Prench. His description of the French troops, their equipments, -the spirit that animates them, their bravery, andtheir discipline, all breaths a high degree of enthusiasm; the significance of this publication can only be appreciated by bearing in mind the double and triple censure under which .he report is written." At the foRlowing stations in Russia it is henceforth permissible to telegraphinGerman andFrench -Abo, Daiinaburg, Helsingfors, RMga, St. Petersburg, and Warsaw. The use of English is permissible only at Danaburg, Riga, and Warsaw. The Star of the Danube, printed in Jassy, publishes the followinog private letter from Ismail, July 30:- "One reads in a number of foreign journals that the fortress of Reni has been destroyed bythe Russians. Thisis not correct. Reni never was a fortress, and contains only a quarantine building, which cosb 70,000 roubles. Nothing has been deatroyed here, not even this building. It is, however, adifferent affair with Ismail. Here there have been 13 battalions of the 14th and 15th divisions employed by order of the Government in destroying the fortress and the five great barracks, each of which was three stories high. After taldng offthe roofs a taking out the windows, they blew up these buildings; 300Tb. of powder weto used to each of the three barracks; but the small barracks are stll untouched. The officere houses which were in the-fortress bave beenfor the most partsold to ews for from 80 to 150 roubler. Iathe town of Tutachkof theoe are still three barracks, some hospitals and prisons extant; these, as they were built by the municipality, and the orders require only thoso buildings to be destroyed that were built at the expense of the State, will not be destroyed. In spite of the blowing up of Ismail, ther9 wll still be left there a very pretty town, with its boulevards, a number of churches, a cathedra, and many other good buildings. Yesterday Colonel Sher,adi arrived here by post from GALM, for the purpose, of fetching baok the Moldavian gunboat which the Rusians had carried off with them when they retrated from Moldavia. It is very remarkable how great the sympathy of the Russian is now for the principalities; they go so far as not to grieve at all at their having to cede a portion of Bessarabia to Moldavia. The commission for regulating the frontier has been for some time past in Akherman, and itis believed it will go still further to Odessa." Some estates that the Dukes of Anhalt potsessed in the Crimea, under the name of Ascania Nova, have very lately passed into the poswesion of a Russa Crown peasant, it is said, for the price of 550,000 thalers (82,50Q.), two collateral conditions of the bargain being that the purchaser shal remit so and so many horzes to the sellers, and retain the persons at present connectea with the manag,ement: of the estates for at least three years at their prement salaries. These estates were given as securit for a national debt by the three Dukes of Anhalt,- Eotheir r aneeds Bernb. in the year 1847, and thlgo towards the liquidation; and, considering that they brought in an annual re-, venue of only 18,000 thalers, in spite of their having cost altogether 1,500,000, it must be admitted that the sle is advantigaeous to the Xatioiialabt Fund, since money-z worth oonsiderably niore than 4 per cent. in Germany just now. A letter in the Trieste Zitmg mentions that ths landed proprietors in tho Crimea are returning by -degees to their estates; that the greatest possibie respectis being showntotheburying-places of tho3e of the allies who perished there. A Count S. has been at the expense of surroundingone of them with a wall and has placed over the entrance, of which he himself always keeps the keys, the ininscription, "Repect the spot where theo brave repose." The number of vessels enterinIg and clearing out of the Rlussan ports is described as being very great. The Jewsh passengers, howrever, whhiwe come to Odeasa have not been allowed to4 lanld there, although their passportswere in perfect order,on the ground that Hlebrews can be admitted only! -when somebody willbe answerable for them - and,' as these persons hadno acqusintances in Odessa who would undertake for them, they were obliged.-to return to Constantinople. Thin treatm}ent of the. Jews is by no means accordance with the reports I have lately sent you.of greatly extended leniency. shown to them, almost amounting to a - re-. moval of their disabilities.; subsequent explanations, however, have shown that the said statemendts . of concessons havingbeen made to them are incorrect in some respects and -exaggerated in others. That aUl the Jewish disabilities are not yet removed is evi-. dent from another piece of news that lately reachedc Berlin-viz., that the Emperor had ordered the Jews in every government to depute five of their, 'number to proceed to St. Petersburg in September. and form a conference there, for the purpose, of dis- cussing what changes are desirable in the jolitical-standingz of the Jess,' and to lay their proposals at -the foot of theThrone. As read the competence of Jewrs to fill offces under Governmnent on attainiing' ,the degree of l)octor, whEich I lately reported as havig been conferred on them, it is stated. in 'a recent' -exulanation- from Russa. - that the, service of the' Government is: still reserved :for -the nobility and such ranlks- of Christians as are otherwise entitled to study at the ..Thiversinties ad- _accorin to an old lav Jews - aso ah6 may-be baptized and enter the Orthodox ,Greek ,Church, are by that course made .eligible; t,he .only alteration in their: favour that.. lIsa been 'spoken~ of lately -with anyhinog like reality -is the admission of ilnbaptized J$ew sto study in the. medical school aboutto e'opened at Warsaw. As it seems not to have become geerally known that the Emperor and Empresswere in some danger. during their late naval trip from St Petersburg to Hapsal, I.will give you the particu although. they come somewhat late. During the night, and while the Emperor was stillonboardthe Grosjatschi, she Vwa run into and severel injured by a Dutch merchantman; she had a paddlewhel seriously injured, was incapacitated from proceedig ,on her way, and vas obliged to lie to for four hours before day broke. As soon as it was light they ascertained that they were off Sweaborg, and made, signals of distress. The Governor sent off asteamer, which took the Emperor and his suite on board, and conveyed them back to Cronstadt. The Empervor h;3s since ordered that the Dutch trader should be repaired at his expese, and distributd 500 roubles among her crew. If there was any propriety and justice in this act, we must infer that the Dtitchman wras run into by the (Qrosjatscli, and not vice cersd, as the tae is told. ITALY. (srT.Oit OUR OWN COrONENiS.) NAFLES, AUG. 21. It is, I believe, positive that about the end of last month an intimation was given to some of the diplomatic body that a partial amnesty would be granted, though no names were given, and it was said that -His MIajesty was very unwilling that any names should transpire. It was, however, thealmost universal persuasion in high quarters, where alone these facts were known,, that the amnestv would not embrace more than ten, and those nuct persons of any great note. As to changes of importance, expect none. His Majesty's system and opinions are to him a religion-he never willmodify them, and all that will be done will be in effect to throw dust in the eyes of England, France, and, perhaps, Austria herself. Until the names of the political prisoners are gazetted, I will not believe even in this report; but; -grant. that an amnesty be given, what political - significance has it? None. It will be an individual, perhaps a temporary, benefit only. As.regards the political prisoners of Monte-Sarchio, very little is k-nown. I can, however, inform you. that L'oerio . has been again attacked with his malady in the chest, though in the dog days, and 'compelled to be kept in the hospital for fivo days. The paralytic prisoner Pironti7 too, has been in hospital. As . to those who are yet under trial, Mignonna and his companions, a woman, two priests, and a monk, we hear nothing more of them. Thirteen months have they now beenpining behind their prison bars, and I can imagine what they must have suffered during the last week from the heat of almost the torrid zone. 'When will the deliverer come to these ? When will even common justice be accorded to them, and their case be decided by a trial according to law? Alas, alas! I am sick of writing of what I have no power to relieve. His - ajestyvil remain in Castellamire until September the 6th, when he will come over to Naples for thegreat military fete of Piedi Grotta. There are 12 vessels of war at Castellamare; that is.. to say, eight steam-frigates, and several gunboats, vhich follow the King about' as puppets to amuse him. Two will leave shortly for Sicily with materials for some of the public establishments, and all will doubtless comae over to Naples for the fite of the 8th 'of September. A large frigate of war is now in the course of preparation at Castella. mare, to be propelled by steam. The 1st Regiment of Grenadier Guards, whichsome weeks agoincurred Ithe Royal displeasur~e, after having been 'disbanded (many of the men having been dispersed among the islands in. the service of the ergastoti) and reformed, w.as ordered dowrn to Castellamare on Tuesday, the 19th ist. Every one is loud n the expression of his feelings as to the treatment which this regiment has received. [AuI that the most rigorous discipline could have required would have been a partial disbandment, while in the present instance its members have been far more extensively changed ; many of the officers sent to Sicily and to inferior regiments and grades, while the privates have been doomed to the onerous; and disgraceful service I have just mentioned. The only criminal has escaped, that is Colonel PQcCi, whose brutality and injustice awakened a sentiment of universal indignation. Every one who has visited Naples has marked and admired the picturesque old ruin: at Ppo, commonly known as Queen Joanna's Palace. Well, it has just. been purchased, it is said, by the Mimister of Finance, for the purpose of being converted into bonded ware-. houses. If true, this will be a greatboontothe commerciai world, which since 1834 has been -without anyting of the kdind. Through bad ianag C -meat wewere then deprived of them without receivin any equivalent; and the consequence ihas been ruinous loss and inconvenience to mercha-nts, and great embarrassment to tade generally. A commision has been brooding on this subjectI know not how many years; and this appears tbe the flirst egg hatched.' Exchange on London, 528, and falling. SPAIN . Our accounts from Madid are of the 22d inst.' i The azet ptublishes the Royal decree suppressing; the National Guard. The Minitry vindicates this. measure in 'a long exposition, addressed to the Queeni and from which we extract the principal passages. It says : "The initiativeof the aggression on the 14th July ws not' taken by the Govornment of your JWesty. The citizens nilitia of Madrid, and the greater part of the -militia . of the kingdom, imitating its e=ample,- smulta. reously rose against the Royal authority, solely bedause your Mjesty had deigned to accept the residgsion! 'rpeatedly tendir6d by the Predeit of the former 'Cabinet, and on this occasioLn with every symptom of an irrevocable. resolution. The colis'ion having once occurred, the tbhioe - lbeingattwked in one of its esisentisprerogatives, and peae. able dias2usion converted into open and aTowed rebdei6n,. the Government h=dno alternative than to accept the S 9 I emminenced by-the folly of a blind multitude,' to watchover xni protct the monarchical instiutions and -the principle of authoity, to check the menacing developnieut of the germ of a frightful - social catistrophe. and fAlla to estore it ights to public order, then deeply dgrbed, reerving to its after insuring the, eistence of ihee ital- objcts, to examine the measures calculated to - guard them against fresh and more serious perils. A cilm sudy of, The institution oE the 1aionl GUard, fromi - its introduction into Spain until the present period, wi I clearly prove that, so far from anseri - the. purpow for whichitwxsfouaded, it produced'reots which'ould oc have been forewen nor expe¢tod by thosc who,a*t diffioreat penod0, both renit andi remoto', had bolndjfdt'c6nAd2ed it as a proper instriment to codaolidate liberti, order, ana. the independence of the nation. If we except the period of the last civil war, during'which the militia of the pr6vinces - afficted by that crnel'scour-ge gave signal proofs cf 'valour andconstancy,and sealed With its noble blood the loyiltyof iti patricntcsimeutsin fvour of cause whichwvas thesymbol of the double legitimay of the dynasty and of the constitn- tionil system, i' must be adnitted that, onx the whole:-' the NationlGuvd. wus an element of unceaing pertarbation, a constant opponent of eyery established Governneat, and tliat, whatever mAy have been the origin or' ipirit.of that opposition, it ever h*d the effect of preventing -a sll - utxry reforms. It is so true that the spirit of diobedience resides inthe -veryheart of thisititution 'that evren dring the seven years' war, when the throne of your Majeaty ana the national liberties were the object of a -sagainmry struggle-when the close and sincere uio'n-of all their legitimate defenders eonstituWe one -of - the conditions of the desired triumph, the National Guard participated in revolutionary movements which more thai' once compromised the success of the stragle.- Whenvic. tory was at last securad,-when the fears inspired by:tho commoon enemy had vanished, the National Guard gave free scope to the pasions which fermented in it3 bosom, and crowned a series of acts of perturbation by actively co.ope*rating in the general commotion of ISt0. Obeying the inexorable law of- its destiny, and driver to insanity by an irresistible call, ths'militia reIlted and itself destroyed the work of its ownhancls,and rfed ontheshppery basis of its Isyonets that uninterrupted successon of identical phenomena. . . . Past experience is there to demonstrat that the National Guard must be prociaimed incompatible *vith tho normal an'd regular government of the Stab. The Counilors of your Majesty, confining themselves to c¢hoosing at random among the elementedestinedone day to compose the history of the stormy period through whieh we are passing, might collect and place under the eyes of the nation and of liurope a multitude of conclusivo facts to corroborata their asserion.. They will not undertake thit task, being content to ahowthat the attitund of tha National. Guard in all thedislurbanoes occasioned byrevolutlonarypasslors; of late years deservesthe Witerestcensure,inawatever point of view if is considered. The demagogues may condemn it for the lhke-warm ature of its badly conoealed sympathies, and thoedefenders of ocWil order may find fault with it for its. equivocal and fatal neutrality. The- National Guard, placed between the protemig forces and the subversive forces of society, by arresting the energetic . impulse of the fasrt efficaciously contributed to tha triumph of tne latter, and, unless the rapid course of events obliged. -it to disclooe its occult designs, it -was alwAys the tutelar xegis under the protection of which the eternal enem:ies of pesac and happiness of nations conspired and executed in SWin their criminal projects." The Cabinet then contend that it was imDo3sible to maintain the National Guard as it was constitutedafter the revolution of 1854; that it was composed of the most heterogeneous elements, representing distinct and widely-opposed interests, foremost anbng which -sood the proletarian element, the most formidable for its boliness and the docility with which the multitude followed its perfidious suggestions; that the object of the institution, its 'character, rights,. duties, ald mission, are not sufficiently obvious ; that, moreover, th1e provincial and mnnicipal corporations have been deprived of their political attributes by- the Cortes; that they are thus called on to act in s more mode sphere,and:to protect interests better defined and or immediate; andthattheNationalGuard, placed underthe. orders of the popular corporations, withoub any real or apparentobject,would be converted bythenature of tings into an instrument of passions, of egotistical,interests,andpaltryrivalsbip,which unfortunately too often actuate the people of Spain. Notwithatanding the many theoretical and historical considerations militating in favour of the abolition of the National Guard,and the imnnense scandalandpernicious iexampleafordedbythat ofthecapital.fhoCabinetiwa3 Ianious to make a last trisl of an institution against which. none of its. members entertained the least prejudice; but, considering the hihbly favourable conduct of the majority of the provmcial National Guards, and the facility with wluch the Conservative classes, representedamong them, allowedthemselves to be led away by the frenzy of the minority, ihe Government believed that the moment rwas come to close the series of practical observations hitherto made on that question. After some further considerations on the danger and inconveniences attending the maintenance of the National Guard, the Cabinet thus concludes "If the National Guard be a constant cause of perturbation to. public order and tranquillity, if it be an object of dicgust inc uena ness tto the commercial ciasses, and a cowrrptin,gvenom to t-he indizent and proletarian classes, if it be prejudicial to production, if it intimidates and para. lyzes trade, arrests and prevents peaceable reforms,; if it be hosile to. all power and government, if it impede th, free development of representative institations, if it lead; atry and.c3priciously directs public opinion, if it be no! susceptible of n reasonable organization, with a legal and definite destination, if it7 be averse to the present system, which has for its object the unioninstead of tho disunion, of the high powers of the State, and, finally, if when great catastrophes are imminentt'heNationalGuard stand impassive in the common wfreck of order and liberty, the Ministers vho sign the present exposition, after vindicating and legitimatiring their conduct in the eyesof tho nation and of posterity, tranquMiy await the verdict of their fellow-citizens, and, con.. scions of the services they render the Constitutional Throne of your Majesty, they have the honour to propose to your Majesty the adoption of the annexed project of a3w. "(Signed by all the iEnisters) "Madrid, August 15, 18561." . "I ROYAL DFcnzx. "Considering the reasons exposed to me by my Council of Ministers with regard to the expediency and necessity of disbanding the National Guard, I have decreed:- .". ' Art. L The National Guard of the kingdom is dissolved auad definitively suppressed. "'rht. 2. The Government -will account to the Cortes, at their next session, for the adopin of this measure.' "THE QUEEN. "Given at the Palace, August 15, 1856."' ?rince Adalbert of Bavaria ad arrived the eveningbefore at Madrid, where he was received with all the honours due to his ranik. He wore the uniform of a colonel of the Bavarian armny, an(d the Grand Cordon of the Order of Charles IIL The Prince entered Madrid seated in an oDen carriage,. and proceeded to the Royal Palace thrbigh the Prado, the Calle de Alcala, the Puerta del SIol, and the Calle Mayor. The Captain-General of Madrid rode on the left of the carriage, and a large body of cavalry closed the cortfge. The Ring met him at the bottom of the staicase, and the Queen received him- at the door of her apartments, where the young sisters of the King, their father, the Iladies of R:onour of Her Majesty, and the Ministers awaited his arrival. The Prince kissed with visible emotion the hand of the Infanta, Donna Amalia, and, after remaining about an hour with the Royal family, retired tothe Palace of thePrincess . de Salm-Salrum, mother of the DuLe del Infanitado, .wher patent had benpepae for him.--
.- THX V.ICTOPA DOCES. - T THE EDITOf OF T TIMES. Sir,-Afay I be :permitted, through the medium of voir columns, to);k the sharellolder of the above cbmp&ay if thoy are aware of the 3tate in which their valuable proper'y-.is, and the, necessity of something being promptly done ro remedy it ths -anfcn !.c~ hav aena .; For some time pastths n ifctdcks have aety had lbut ona gate mn workng order, and the consequence is t*at a most serious delay has been experienced by the masters and owners of shipe desiring to avail themselves ofthe facilities- which wrould otherwise have been afforded. By reason of the damaed gates not being repaired it tskes 12-hours for a ship desirng to pass nto the inner basin from the river to do so, and the same time to return. . Surely some of the shareholders are themselves sZip. owners, and, as such, will readily appreciate tho loss su- tainedby reason of tee abova delay, md use their influence-. to obviate it as soon as possible. The Victoria Doc4s, by reaon of their convenient situation, are held in high esteem by the mnercantile marine of this port, and, .unlewsuch a state of things as I have en-. deavoure to describe be speedily altered, vessels will be compelled to seekB more snitable aceommodation,> and not only vdill the unfortunate shareholders suffer, but the publio he deprived of whiat might, if. properly managed, he, withoub exception,- the filiest dock in the port of London,.. Your ohuisrnd s,nnt. -.-'' 7 . [ASTER IXIAIER. - ' Victoxial)-ocks,-A-a?..26.
TH BOLDBURY COLZLERYZ OSIoy iuest on the:Xdo` OLDUh Y, William .e:e~x ph, I.wod n Sa7z i ilet, ou,f h c,lliers who woner klled by the explo ion ather Wd' IR ro clioir on the :i3thc inst., was brought to a cl g ht before Mr. Hincblis , it e c oroter fo r South Mr. Brngh, the Government inspecor, having -de-. scribed thecondititon in which he founa the mune on the day after the explosion, mad also on a second visit oiy the boTut foE oug, rocaeeed to state that he o onsidered. h whole wok o the =?it waz wldrw,out- indeedl, ke had not oftennmet withvasiy. g r lor nhis district. Ita doors werepeor yie ba threr f m4lht Lave been another pair of Cnolorithe ond bolt hle. Thereo was ample sectional einall the galleries toair An ims of infrmuh iem r eztet, and all that wax requiredlto mnake asuperior co ierywas a furnae at th e bottom of the onapast tactt or 'whch a space 'was now- undler prooes of excavation. Even ha there been a lapcontiuousl th cfea] rith coal Ia current of air =niit av te been ell maintained; but, unfotunately, at'-the otunef explosion, nand for some days previously, -no fire'whateher had been made use ofn He ihad o'ceivesd evehyaid mofrom persos cimodneted 'with the colliry. Ther first general rule in the act of Parliament reited, that "n adequateamount ofTentiation shal be constantly parodued at all collieriesa to diltute and render hdrless Thoxious gas to snb extnt as that the'woring aceo p levels of sach coieries shall, under ta be in a fit state for workitn." In hi opno ocniuu entilation could be relied, on 'witho furnae,- therefore the most important re ment ofthe acthad beetnneglectod. -The 17thspec=l- urule prvded, mrthe act stat, that "the mnmager or his deputy, or in his absence the charter-master or hisdeputy hc examine the sltte of the worng evera day previously to the colliers commencing'work-, or mnofe frequently if hcpessary, and ball be responsible forthe proper condition of such worig. ns -He thal in such examination use safetylamps, if necessary, andl shall see that a sufficient numbrarealwayskeptreadyforuse." Ithadbeen proved in evidence that this fule also waa not obeyed. Thus, it had been made radnifest that two sets of infringement taken place-one of a general or. fundamental requirement, and the other of a specialth e founded on the act of Parliament. Practically the accident resultea from want of Tentiation and the toal disregard of the generalnle; but if the charter-master (or butty, as b alle d this in ther district) had gone, or sent dowa n o roper person with a safety lamp to bexaeuet toh c irnsm in accordance with the specl, rle oreciteyd above, it 'was reasnable to beIeve that-all these vasuable li3es 'would have been savedia because th rue pe o s wtoul hiave port t da'nge'r, nd and steepa s 'nwoulddhavw e -natully beme taken to impart motion to the air. He stongldindlineito the opinion that the Air on the morig of theexplomion was9 a stagnt state. The srto of the disnct iifvinol sder thof' o atrszle=f av weatther s nf sc a ger condition of the mxines, 'wich had moreover remained undisturbed for some days. There ein fact no atificial heat of any kind to diaturbtheequidhbriumofthesir. Hethonghttberemight have been a total dagnation of the air of the pit; if so, it was likely to fire'wheter a bDot hole wa left open or not. HRe feared the state3 of the atmosphere was sucl as to equalise the t mo column of air in the up snddown aest shafts, and, if to, there would be no movement of air in any part of.thepit. Undersuchcircumstancesy a thefi-edamp eliminated would graduay m 'with the air, by reason of a natural law too little known or conirdered by mines. He alluded to the light thrown on'this subject by Dr. Dalton andcPofessor Graham. InL the sbsence of a ventilation nixture of airsti goes on, and it 'would do so-whether the bolt hole was open or not. Al this only proved that -under all circumstances, or unde+~ny state or condlition, furnace ventilation is the only known mode of a ir o ne from exploion. It was possile that this r.adiffusion might accunt for the pit not firing at the rs candle.- \o doubt,the movemea t of tho ^er* xlbeforethemen went down, aana thne general movement, had altered the fatal balance of air, and Just a the last menwere descending had brought the sulphur in contact with the ulpe coals in the slip. He believed the firedamp came from the back of the 'works, slowly approachi the shaf ts. He had no doubt it was the quiescent :tateeof the air at fxrt that savedl the firsn band of m ten. Re oniddered the 'wt of the funaoe to keep up a circulation-of the air wha the cause of the accident, Te stagnation of the air arose from the 'want of a furnace. He considered the dty of keeping up the dt-c devolved on the butty, buthe conidered the manager should Itake ce to have proper men to car out the manaHement. The Coroner)-By the manager do you men the ground bafilff Mr. Brough.-Dia niot know -who 'were the macsagers but] thaought the whole maners 'were equally culpable with i fbutt. From the po6sition in 'which he found the door, he considered it 'was blown down by the explosion, and thal it'wasclosed atthe time. Although the works'were steppoi for repairs parties couldl ascend and descend by 'what wa chal ad safterah-ocln" If the buttYhd tried the sd before the men 'went down hie 'would at once lm detected the presence of sulphur, and thus the explosion would bavi been avoided. If during the recess between Saturdy anf Wednsdayafir hadbeenkeptup,such as he saw thAi day (for he had been into the cpitthatday), tIhe explosioa 'would never ha vbe taken p lae.) The mode in 'which thi thecair in the two shafts. He 'a sor to 55) that the r se of furnaces was not the rulei hat di trict. Ventilation was left to chance, an it often went or for year, and chance favoured the pcitsdntil a number ol men were some day or other ied. IIn this pit, there beiel no neigadhbouring coieries to draw off the vapour, a greate q t t oe hrsok e expe cted tobacmulate. Furaces 'wor u nsedi the oal Park Colliery of Lrd Ward, where-thar Was, compartively L hittle gas found. _nyMsetainwrlgst.-Didnot onsiderthis eep losio n tool place under ordina ocircufistances hut in the casehof .Stopae for four nights and thre days in warm 'weather 'WREN l barometer, an saccmulation of foul air 'was to s expeced, ad hes'hould have tak-en precautions befori sendtheg downhis men.t The use of the furnaces he pwa pse or ryntosaywsthe exception rather than therulein thi district. Did not onsider tthe fal of 'water spoken of suffi cient to ensure the necessary ventilation. AMr. Wynne, Government inspector for Nortir Staffordl shir, ten avetheresut o anexainaionwhic'h he ha( suee tatdayof hecolie-y t te equstof itir. Brough He oun th geera laingoutof hepi was particularll goo. H wa ofopiiontha al te dorin the col mustaveccumlatd fom te 'antof ariiilventhIa thon, nd he it wasnotsaf atanytime 'without a fur naceburing t te bttomof he saft asthe air 'wpul stagate.It dnesied n th stae oftheatmrosphere a, the urfce weiler vntiatio beow mghtbe congidereEu suffciet ornot Thee mght e sfficentventilation is fae o hsmight not be sufficient vetlto ihthi throeter, at 70 degrees above, It 'was the dut.y 0: the manager of the pit to attend t-o the properye tilation of the pit-, Ile'was of opinion that fthu omnnabailiff ought to have been present when the muer rmescendled, after the pit had been standing three days, tm see that it-was clear from sulphuar. He 'vwa of opinion thatfrom the mannermin which the aiir was carried round thE worins, t oud b ovius o nypersn acquainte 'with he maagemen of apit t at frace -would In The oroer henaskd K,fr Smth,Lord WTard's agent~ Mr.Smih epled ha Mr Spuc wa th uderground Evdne was then taken to identify -the bodies, aftei whicha shoit adjournment took place; and on thejuryTre assemnbling, 'The Coroner addressed them on the facts 'whic'h hadl been brought out in evidence. The case, he observed, was ~one .of a mnost serious Charact-er, 11 mnen having lost their lives, and it 'would require the greatest care to ascertain -whethier the explosion was the consequences of the culpable neglect of any person having authority at the colliery. The cor6nem then recapitulated the facts a-ttending the exploson, *as ilready reporte, observing tlat the ai'r came down one- of the shafts, went rouand the -workings, and than ptaseed up the other shaft. NTo coal ha yet been "ot, the -nne bein"i aniew one; just getting - into 'work, ft was the duty o'j Thomas Bak-er, the deceased butty,. to try t-he pit with a safety lamnpevery day, hut this he had nieglected. He (the coroner) consderedthat on this occasion the hutty (Bak-er) haLd been guilty. of the grossest and most cullpab)le neglec t, for after hes had receivedwarning from bePlow, and hPa ben requested.to , br the safety lamdown into the pit with him,- and aftMralamp had actuallybeen sent for h e said, ."Oh, there's no sul.phur,": and 'went down into -the pit with the other mfen, carring with him- a qatitY of lighted coals, 'which caused. the explosion. If Bakr 'wer nowalie, e (he oroer) abuld,avsfelt it' his duty to direct them to timid a -verdict of manslaughter agianst him, for there could be no6 doubt that had-be performed 'his duty the exLplosion 'would have been prevented, - Mr. Spruce the ground bailiff; In his emviden-considered acome of the doors had been left open, but the Government inspectors Mr.Brogh nd-r.Wyne, houhtthe doors ha been cloed;andtheonl diectevienc onthat point 'was teat of hehoseeepr,*h sate tatheba shut the door mon inpecors- onsderd tat heexplosiont had been caued y he-an ofs~urnceat hebottom of the shaft andthe thu httat henecssiy fmamurae for the purDos ofvenilaio wold be bviusto any person ac~gaitedwiththesubect.Itwshdrty of the rouna naiti, i Sr. uproe, to see to this, and it appeared tat he had directed the butty to keep a fire, and it was stated that helhai I-ept a fire there fortwo or three weeks. Mr. Sprce. wentfrom hnme about this time, and, unfortnately, didnot return until after the aceidenthadhappened. it woulda be for the jury to consider whether 3r. Spruce or any other person hadbeen guilBt of sauchcul]paIenegligence>stowanrant a -verdict of manslaughter an'st them. If, however, they thought there 'was ro sucih culpable negligence then they-ould fin-a verdit of accidenl death. Tlee- jury;"who had-not asked a single qUeStion of an of tbe wi.tniesses, and did not anpear a;t all;-to understand the evidence .as it was laid- b&ore . them, then reired, and shortly afterwiirdst announced that -they a gret iverdict oE "'Accidental deatht." - a-t The Coroner.-Do you all agree to that verdicti. -*oreman-Yes,-we ar allagreed. The announcement of the verdict,d:ater the oinioa x- pressed by the-Goverznhent inspectors and the ruin of the coroner, created no litle surpriea even inthis uneulghtned Aditit . h aeejeiirthe es3t- rk of this faenating rter. Frces. t.155 ag rreeabe wit lw ll bet "Wonerfl Pemnd, olc Ie,aee: Ms:rect. eh
I b . C?7XMLVG I 47D TOTHE 3DITOR OF~ TfXSI . - ' 8i4-:Noifi o-d Dr. Cumi ing's 0o il-natue to thes who' km te hardih6b P O o diplays biblica! lai, I u4 bs leve to n obseration or two upon sis leter in your T iMQi of to-day. . -... .. ':_ ,a the suggeted a new armet againt a revision of tho ordinary Torsion of Moly ptnre. Theroi no ,ne text of te original Greek-Dr. Cumiing couD 'isisIroposition to the Noe Twtament, but Ie* might hAve'er.' tended it to the Old, and to e6Y6 other auinnt autor whtee-which commas the universal adergoe o W the Doetor be so good a to inform the Iearrul,-as well as the unleArned, world, what text King JTameis trais. ltorsfollowed? If hewillpot outanyprintedtextwh , 'ither of the Old or NTew Tetament, or any single manuscript, ancient or modern, of which their version is a con. siAtent representative, I promiae 1mo that I for ornei-i not give him future cause for complaint by eriticijing hislurction;. I mke this clmeng, be it said, without inthe lest degree imputing bLIme to the emine&i meitnin question; but, if they had no standard original, whyihb.ld the want of it now parlyrze the effort of men of larxfing to improve their perfornrnoo? Thare is no- Inclination, that I am awar of, im any quarter to depreciate-that workor its authors. T.e simple ft is, that since it'was executed a vast numuer of manuscripts-some extbixely aucient-hae been disoovereda ad examined; andthusithe means fforded of setting forth a mueh more correct text, and oonsequently a much more correct translation, thia 'u tien podble. Uncder uchlcirmnoe6 is it, or 35iti-ot, a worthy design to enable thoe ommon people t participate ih the fruits of a century and ahal- of learned labour? I oald lave thought thate n a Protestant eountzy there would hame been no hesitation abou the answer; bat unhappily we have fllen upon tiies when it pys muchbetterto inflame Poestant prejadice; than to act out Pzotestant principles. From the tim;7'f Waterlad, thafo werof theE ihchurch-Witerlatdhim. self, Secker, Lo,owthewoome, andmanyothers, havebseixof the party which Dr. Cumming and his obscurnts are o concemed to put down. Yet, -when Waterlandwrote the Po7vgloft of Walton, and perhaps the edition of the KeNw Tetament by XED, were the only gret works that had appeared to furish niterla for the taki of revision. Sihcs then the labours of Kennicott on the Ola Tetmnt 'and of Griesbach, Mattfiti, LhImann, and others n- -the hew-to say nothing of the assistance furnished by ncik'at ersi0ons which mave in the meaetime beulbrought to I4ht, and the illustration afforded by astern trveller, ahd archmologists-have supplied scholars with an apparattsof whichlWaterLAnd never dreamt. That the knowledge bath of Hebrew and Greek is farmore Accurate at the present ilay than it was in the tin o£ King Jatmes no one Who has mnore than a schoolboy's mnowrledge of either will deny. Why, then, should the proposition of a revi-ion be-so obstinately rested? Simply to avoid exciting the prejudices ofithe ignoraut. Ireply, in the words of one of the great men I have already alluded to :-" It is true that nothing of this khnd can be executed without tempor4y offcnce to the prejudioed and the ignorant. Bua the opinIon of these will soon be outweighed by the judgment of the reaonable and well-informed. The publication of EratDSr Greelc Testamet in England, the early transltions oC the Bible into our native tongue,-nay. the Reformatiou and even Christiaunij itself gave -aude shocks -to popular prepowsession, ower -which tru-th and right, conductedlyProvidence, must always gain. a final-trituiph. Th xelqueston before us amounts to this,-*xhether- we shll supply Christian readers and Christian congregai&ns with ner and ample means of instruction and pleasure, by en-bling them to understand theirBible better 'r I,. TSi r-'vm"A--C-rtVAn-rn. IAWUMN NCE2NT OF TEE PROVINCE OF I t)( A7T'IwPT 1T . -. P.S. Allovw me to toke savut36ge rf this opposttminty-to roivect amisprint,er slip ofthepen, inmy lastlett,er. For "TheBisop' (Crame's) sold ave been printe "TheBisops'(Crmne's vew)" Crnme',trAansltion of th pasage note_(Her. x., 2) wa "bowed himLsel-f towrds" ad Is I '~1~ionwas acordngto Arc'hbishop Bible.~~~~~~~h Bs TO THZE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The extreme importance of the question-shall tho present trantion of the Bible be revised by authority of the church of England?-induces me to request your insertionof a few remaz'rs They refer to Dr. Cummings letter, which appeared in The Times of yesterday. I read those remarks with surprise; for it is evident thIt he has bhifted his ground of objection. Eo implied in his originalletters addressed to you, that if the Bible wero Tevised-nobody wants it retranslated-it would be a party and ufai rnvision. He could men nothing but this.when he produced a variety of instances of false translations-in other versions, now in. cowre of publication. If he did not mean to convince us that aty version of the Bible would be an mnfair version, why did he produce these specimens? Now, however, he has abandonedthis ground of objection, and in his third letter says that he does not think it likely that the church of England contains a body of scholars and divines who could revise the Bible in such a manner ' as to be accepted by various denomniations within and without the 4hurch." The church of England has a plain duty -to give the Iaityas perfecta translation of theHoly Scriptures asposdble. Such a translation it would, of course, be compulsornon her own clergy and members to accept. Bat what zight,or ground of presumption has Dr. Cumming for saying that a corrected version of the Bible would not be accepted bv any persons " within the communion of the church of Eugland al Dr. Cumming is not a mamber of that church himself; and Im ust be permitted to e=press my doubt of the propriety of his making any such assertion about her merabers. Still more do I doub£ the means which Dr. Cumnming has of forming a correct judgment upon the scholarship, abilities, or piety of the clergy of the church, That he has formed a low estimate of the honesty of some of her members is plain from his statement, that any translation, however exceIlent, if it differed from the present, " vould not be accepted by them." Dr. Cumuming was bred st a Scotch University-I believe that oE St. Andrew's. May I Yrot, then. ventureto expressa doubt whetherhe is aware of the critical and philological knowledge which an E nglish clerman gains at Oxford or Cambridge? Mhat groundlas he for saying that the Church of England could not produca a body of able correctors and critics of the present translation of the Bible? The 47 men (not 54, as Dr. Cumming states, fcr aseen of the 54 died before the wrork commencea) who published our present verdon were, indeed, able mters of the English language and of the art of translrtion, but they were not critical scholars. The Church of England posses-es abody of men at this day who are infinitely superior to the tratslators of Jsmes L's reign ina rnowledge of aUlthese niceties of the Hebrew and C-reek lsngnagea on which a faithful translation raust mainly depend. And when Dr. Cummming says that " various denomianations without the church" woud not acoept a revised transation of Scripture, heoughtto remember thatthe churchof England is not at dll concerned to conciliate those who hold the truth as subordinate to party; but she is conc-rned-deeply, solemnly bound-to furnish her own members with "the whole counel of God," asAras she can do so. If the Church of England should publish a revised translation, it would still be open for Dr. Cammaing and the church of which he is such an orxament to continua the ae of the present trsation. It would be a midortune, oertainly,ifsuchavarietyof use should occur, but such & disagreement would be infnitely preferable to the system througb which a union is mantand, according to Dr. Cumming, by a compromise of the truth. If any body of believers will only adopt the Bible of the Church of England on condition that it shl continue to hold the errors whichitnowholds, such believers are plainly no lovers, of truth. But what ground has Dr. Cumraing for making any suchdisparagingstatement respecting any body of Protestaut Dissenters? Iflrmly believe none. The reia truth is, unless the Church of England will publiih an aautorized version of the present trnslation of the BibI-, there willverysoon be a variety of versions, ana those versions-however stained lb individual instances of unfairne-wll in aany respects be snperior to ourpresent translasion; and they wrho resist all attempts at a revision' by uthority of the church incur t;he fearful responsibility of exposing God's Word to the certain danger of variety, of erroneous iterpretation lIn Sir. your obedient sArvant - CLERGYMA. .alg. zt.
BOLfTOK POISOKING CASE. TO TLE EDITOIOlF THE TIBMS: Sir,-In the report in your ypper of Mlonday of yeiendenee in the recent cane of po in by antimony there is a sttement which I ihall be odWig bylour oorrao~ug_ A5 it is calculat to mislead at present, am ret*t to - hv Bsid t&t thrfee grair of rarized satimonyiW a fatal dos for a mlan, and that one-gain Zdooepati frequintly in the day for three seewre walso fatmL" My evidenoe real&y was, that the dme menUtned laAprove4 fatal, but that two dracbms ad upwards had been give:n ' 20o1t Caulogl death; and thton.gri dos reea frequlentl,y in The dy for threweshdbe aa o severl of TheaiasI erpedmnted on, and if continued j-for sveral wees ornnonths odpro bblyprov, ftal t 2nan 7 . . - I Iam. Sir, your obedient sevant :, v § 1X Y2 X.D). vi, Uxormst-reer, .LlerpYoC i ug. -a.
BRITISH ARCHEZOLOGICAL ASSOCIATION. BRIDGBWATER, AuGUST 27. The association returned to Bridgewater last night about 8 o'clock, having spent a delightful day in visiti the ruins Of Glastonbury Abbey, and examinieg the beautiful architecture of Wells Cathedral. The visit to Wells was rendered stl more agreeable by the cortesy of the Bishop of Bath and Wells. Lord Auckland not only threw opena the episcopal palace and grounds to the members of the assocation, but kindly accompanied them in theirvsit to the Cathedral, the Chapter-house, and the P-efectory. The Cathedral is now seen to great advantage, in all the -'freshness of an extensive restoration; the dazzling whitemess of the stone being, however, relieved by a judicions use of gold and colour. The first thin" which strikes the visitor en enteing at the west door is t&e wonderful bold. ness of design and massiveness of the inverted arch which supports the central tower. It was objected by some of the members of the asociation that this arch obstructs the uninterrupted view of the bnilding from the east end of the Cathedral, and that it is not, infec, necessary forthesnpnort of the tower. A further and it was considered imnecessar ebst rction to the view of the ceiling of the building fom the east end, is threatened in the erection of an orga over the screen which separates the choir from the nave. It was 2aged that to place the organ in this psitionisagaiDEt the current of all modern restorations. Te bishop's throne has been recentlystripped of paint and whitewash, snd naynow be regarded as one of the most richly-decorated episcopal thrones in stonework of which the kingdom can boast. Pre bendal stalls in stone have also been constructed, and fina canopied sedilia, with light columns of Purbeck marble, have been erected by the altar. The aspect of the choir, with its light and graceful arches and clustered pillars, and the lady cnapel beyond, an exsqisite example of the decorated Goeil'c, excited the admiration of the visitors to the highest pont. The ady chapel has a groined roof of rich work mana p, resting on clustered pillars of Purbeck marble, five colounred windows, and a tesselated pavement. The view of the Cathedral f-om this chapel is of extraordinary beauty. Wells Cathedral is rich in shrines of the early bishops. The shrine of Bishop Beckington, 1465, is so elaborate and delicate in its detail that it has been compared to a work of lace rather than one of stone. Among the other monuments are the serine of Bishop Drokensford. a graceful pinnaoled stracture of stone, the chantry of Bishop Bubwith, 1424, and the chantry of Dean Sugar, 1480. The members of the association assembled in the Chatter. house, an octagonal stracture supported in the centrelby a single pier of light clustered shafts. Tne Chapter-house is by many considered the noblest portion of the Cathedral, and is entirely unique aenon" the chapter-honses of the kingdom. It was began in 12,33, and finished in the reign of Edward IMI. Mr. Pettigrew, R.B.S., vice-president of the association, here read a paper on the cathedral, in which the letter from the veteran antiquary, Mr. Britton, upon the beauties of the edifice, was prefaced by a feeling testimony to the value of Mr. Britton's services to architecture. ehe reading of the portion explanatory of the noble west front was resumed, aftar the smrvey of the cathedral, on the lawn at the west end, when the members were enabled to compare the thcories of Professor Cockeri71 with the impres, E-ons derived from an ocular inspection of the sculptares of the west front. Some of the conclusions of the professor were warmly disputed by the association, but allagreed in admiring the richness and prodigality of execution visible in the faiade, and in the richly-decorated and sculptured buttresse The Bishop's Palace is surrounded by a moat, and by thick and lofty walls flanked by towers. It was founded as -early as theyear 108, and contains a chapel in the deco- rated style, founded by Bishop Jocelyn in I=, and a geat hall, now roofless and incomplete, built by Bishop Burnell in 25. The galleryof the episconal palace-a room SO feet in length, with gromed roof and richly carved doors and wainscoting-is hung with portraits of several bishops of the see, among which may be mentioned portraits more or less authentic of Wolsey, Godwin, Land, and Ren. The members were also conducted by the bishop to the Vicar's Close or College. St CuthherVs Chnrch, a specimen of the decorated style, was also visited. It is nnnecessary to sy that thewarmest thanks of the association were presented by Mr. Pettigrew to the Earl of Aucklandfor the kindness and c-ourtesY Which had so materially enhanced the pleasur and profit of the visit to Wells. On the return of the association to Bridgewater a con vcLesione Was held at the Royal Clarence Hotel, when Mr. Catralae, town-clerk of Bridgewater, pointed out the chief f- eturEs Of antiquarian interest in the neighbourhood of Bridgewater, and a disdcusion ensued, in which the Rev. W. A. Jone-, Mi-. PL,nnch6, and others~, took part. This morning at9 0 oclockc, the association set out on a visit toarteci, Sk-sub.Hamdon, Stoke Church, Monts-]. cute, Brympton, Eandyeo-Vi. Montactite-house, the seat of the Fhelipses is anl imposing and remiarable edifice, pierced on its front by no less than 41' Tudor windows. The spaces between these wlndows on the second story are occupied by statuez. There are here the remains of ae Cluniace monastery, and a monument and effigies of the date of 14 4 in tae church to the memory of David Phelips and Anne his wife. On the summit of Stoke Down, among the remains of a British camp, the visitor may enjoy a panoramna of groat ex'tent, and combinis", many picturesque features. Yeovil is a busy town, stuated in a pretty country. Its chief manufacture appears to be that of kid gloves, which is so extensively carried en that ,0,0401 per anmum. are said to be annually paid to the Among tha memnbers of the association now assembled at Bridgawater are Mfr. Pettigrew (vice-president). the Very Rev. the Dean of MLandaff (Dr. Conybeare, Mr. J. R. PlaTach, Ro Croix, r W. , e Black, 31r. R.i. Wri-g sure. E. ayor Cuming, thr C. hloiting, MhrqV. *rin, *s r. ,T. G. F?rench, Mfr. E;N1. Grenville, Mfr. W. StradIing,t A loceal commnittee, headed by the Mfayor, is formed in Bridgoater, from which the association-derives every support and assistance. Tim Mlq3xaI OF- Ca&icus.-We hnve mnucb.plea. - acre in announcing that the noble Marquis, who has been seriously indisposed at Woo:ton-house, is now so far re£cvered that he is enabled to leave his room.-Buw.s He,-aldl.
I1ONlWOEKIArG and the APPLICATION of EUBL TO TIE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-The beautifully simpl.e process of Mr. Bessemer in freeing molten iron from extraneous matter is one of thoso inspirations of genaus which only oceur at rare intervals, and which are stillborn and forgotten, save when the inventor happens to be endowed with a more than ordinary share of perseverance and a sufficient amount of hoarded capital. Tow that the process is before the public its very simplicity makes men marvel more why it was not done earlier than at the successful issne. pregnant as it is with a physical future that will save much "sweat unon ma,'s brow," while working changes of enormous magn'tude for his future welfare. Our manufacturing chymistry is -in arrear of our m.echanism. Means for the application of power we have| in abundance, but our processes for the developmrent of power are still as roundabout as the ironworking which has grown up bit by bit. We dig 71p the coal which natuer has so abundantly stored in her huge cellars, and we use it about as scientilicaly as the savage who digs up roots and devours. them raw, forcing his stomach to become a co7 as wel as a 'chymist. The perceptive faculties of James Nasmyth detected the absurdity of setting a number of humair beings to stir up a metallic pudding in order to throw off the scum in the shape of slag or cinder. His remedy was 4 mechanical one-to cause the mass to boil like a pot, by forcing steam into it from below, the issue of steam-begin'ning before the molten mass was poured in so as to i sure against the stoppage of tho passages. Bnt steam is not exactly fuel, and, instead of increasing, tends to lower '7-e temperature of themassof ion. Mr. Bessemer applied air -the food of fire-which permeatted the mass, and, in conjunction with the carbon of the iron, intensified. the heat and*freed the mass from "matter out of place." It was re. served for fr. Bessemer to work out the process of turninj ' to large practical use a phenomenon known and noticed in wany ways by others destitute of the genius to turn it to ac7ount. i piece of hihy heated iron, held in a strong blast of air, may be burnt away. Evena in a still atmosphere the rapid formation of scale is evidence of combustion, and if a piece of highly-heated iron be thrown down a deep vertical shaft it will arrive at the bottom in a state of increased heat. It is merelyreversing the condition; the iron travels rapidly to the air instead of the air trave3Ling to the iron. Iu Mr. Bessemer's plan the air is made to travelrapidly through the iron. This improvement is analogous to the processes of paper making, when it ceased to be a mere handicraft, in its ulti! mate results. The rags go into tho paper miUl at one end and come out inmilesof paper at the other-a continuous stream; and when the results of Mr. Bessemer's plans lead to their ultimate consequences something similar will ensue in iron. The ordinary process is to run the iron from tho ore in the form of pigs-one heat; then to melt it again and form it into puddle balls-two heats; then to form it into blooms or oblong masses-three heats; then to rol it into common bars-four heats, So far for common iron. For better iron the bats are ceut into shortlengths, piledon one another, and welded into a mass-five heats; then rolled into barsix heats. And this process, analogous to that of the baker in rolling out, and beating together, and again rolling out his dough, is sometimes multiplied two or three times for a similar object, to ma7ke the mass homogeneous, to get rid of cinder and extraneous matter, with the difference that, the flour-kneader works on a cool material, and the iren. kneader on incandescent material-an essential difference to the human frame. By Mr. Bessemees process one heat suffices. The ore is run out of the ordinary furnace, not into pigs, btt into a refining-pot, analogous to the puddling hearth. There the heat is not wastbed, but is increased, in the process of burn. ing away the superfluous carbon. The process being com. plete, the metal is run out-malleable iron-into any form required. When set, the same heat suffices .to pass it through the rolls and form it into bars, absolutely homogeneous. The oremay enter at one end of the mill and the bars go oat at the other. But now arises a new question. Rolls are cylinders or iron, with grooves cut in them forming the profile of the bar, and during its formation the bar passes through several grooves in succession till the ultimate form is attained. InI ars of comparatively small sire this is easily accomplished; but the process is a clumsy one. When the bar has passed through one pair of grooves it is caught up by men with pinces, and passed back again over the top of the rot)s prior to ontering a second groove, and so on. Thus t*o lifngs of the bar are required for every passage throngh the rolls; time is lost, and sometimes a second heating ?s required to complete the operation, by reason of the loss of heat in wasted time. - In the ordinary rolls the cylinders are of considerable length to afford room for the saccession of grooves. This practice necessitates a great diameter to insure strength; but if onlya single groove were cutin each roll the strength would be comparatively greater. By placing a train of rolls in succession, one before the other, the ingot delivered from Mr. Bessemerfs refining furnace moight pass on a rail to the first pair of roLs with its original heat, and through them to the next, man so on till the bar -were complete, without being touched by hands. Integ'al masses of metal not hitherto dreamt of may by this process be rendered easy of production. And be it remembered that, other things being equal, in all mechanical structures diminution in the number of parts is a great comparative increase of strength. In wrought-iron artillery, for example, the difflculty has been to obtain homogeneous aggregation of numerous pieces. The welding uAp of parts in the ordinary modes of maldng ironis juncture or contact without union, and the famous wrought gun of the American. Commodore Stockton, which burst and killed several American notabilities, and the various failures tried at Woolwich and elsewhere, are samples of failure arising from the admixtore of oxygenated scale keeping the parts out of union, ju t as the baker flourshis board to keep his dough from adhering And the success of the Mersey gun, made at great cost and with great expenditure of time, must stiU be regarded as empirical, till that or a similar one shall have been cut up into transverse and longitudinal slices to verify its internal texture. The metal known as scrap iron is filled with pores almost like some varieties of wood. Lowmoor and Bowling iron are very homogeneous, but their great cosblimits theiruse. Mr. Bessemer's process gives us homogeneous iron at a cost below that of common iron. A gun may now be cast in malleable iron of any conceivable or moveable weight, and may be passed through rollers, if desired to be fibrous, or may in the act of cooling be increased in density by powerful hydrostatio pressure. The manufcture of iron bars of good quality bas hereto. fore been a compound process-production, subdivision, and subsequent addition in the form of welding. The ques. tion of welding may now be comsidered as dispensed with in the make of bars, but it enters so largely into subsequentt operationsthat it needs analysis. Welding consists in a partial fusion of two surfaces c-f iron, which when brought into contact unite; but to produce this f oien without oxygenated scale is a problem yet to be solved, to make it a certain instead of an uncertain process. The affinity of oxygen for heated iron is so great that scale forms instantaneously by contact; but if the s'u-- face of the heated iron be hermetically sealed in flame, t-e' oxygen must perforce be consumed beforeit can penetrateto the iron, andthe iron vidl be preserved unburned, jiss .as the wick of an ordinary tallow candle is preserved unburned by the globe of flame which smrounds it, but wphich instantly begins to consume when protruded beyond the globe 'of flame. The economical use of crude fael in the fuumace has led to the use of crde felintheforge; and, ir addition to the want of mechanical conveniencej admaixtures of sulphur and other extraneous matter lave been mischievous impediments in the process Li producing a welding heat in a forge or furnace the corners or thin parts are burnt away before the other parbs are heated, and in removing from the forge or furnace to place under the hammer the exposed parts get scaled by the oxygen of the air, even though it is sou;ght to covez them with a glaze of sfilca by throwing sand on them, a deteriorating material in itself. The next manipulation of 'he chymist teaches us the remedy. For his experiments he discards the forge heat of solid and commonly impure fuel, and takes to flame or gaseous combustion, urged by the blowpipe He can thus direct his heat where he wills, and procure any intensity he may require. That which is done on the small scale can he done on the large; the great welding blowpipe would be simply inflammable gas and atumo3pheric or oxygenated vir under considerable pressure, -issuing in Jets and uniting in intense flane where the heat might be required, the jets being multiplied to any extent and covering any amount of surfac. The flame covering the surface will prevent scaling, and, the junction being effected without withdarwing the flawe, the union will be perfect and homo. geneous. The performance of this mode of welding by ca-;rsmpg- the gas and air in flexible pipes to the spot where the work is done, intead of the work being carried to the forge, and the almost unlimited surface which -may be heated simultaneously, brings within our scope operations not hitherto Practicable. We may weld together the seams and othe* parts of our iron ships instead of rivetting them. 'We maY thus consid&rably reduce the quantity of' metal. while adding to the strength of the vessel, The value of the work done by Mr. Bessemer, not for Great Britain only, but for the whole world, canno' at prevent be estimated. The cheapening of iron, as well as 'the inpronveent of its qliality, will make it a substitute for timber and brick in buildings. Bab there is one other process we have yet to get at-so covering its surface as to make it practicamy imperishable by the agency of oxygen, hermetically sealing it with some substance impregnable to air and moisture. Great as is the benefaction conferred on the human race by this process, there is a class of men who will be dissatisfled with it. It is the subject of a patent, and probably patents. Suppose it were not so, by what process would Mr. Bessemer be compensated for his labour? Tha whole race ofironmasters and iron agents would laugh at him, and leave him to the condition of Cort, the inventor of the roUing-mill, and the general public would rejoice in cheap iron. The manufacturer and iron merchant looks ouly to low cost price as a means of increasing the sale and profits. He does not see that the brain of the man-of genius is a working element; he cannot weigh that by the ton, and he calls it monopoly, forgetting, or possibly remembering, that- his own monopoly lies in his large capital. But for the hoped reward, the probability is that the inventor would not have been stimulated to oxertion, and the world would have been without the invention. How is it that the iron trade, with all their appliances and means, with scarcely any need for outlay in the experiments, in their large works, have left ib to Corb and Bessemer to make the great discoveries that constitute epochs ? Or will they do any one of the great things that yet remain behind? In truth, the inventor, like the poet, actor, musician, or painter, has a peculiar brain, as much so as the man of business, - only more rare in occurrence. The man of business scoffs at him as a "schemer " while unsaccessful-the money test being in M is mind the only test of success-and in the event of suciess he is denounced as a sionopolist till the man of business gets possession of his scheme, and then it becomes a " succesful specualtion." I am. Sir. yours faithfullv. . Yf. BRIDGES ADAMS.
,Advertisement.tThe "Sunday Times" ( ro rietot 3fr. ; - Snith, of the T eatre Ro7, Drmry-m6nn o2 ,dy netwil5 contain aUl the ners of the weeek toWtther with a quantity of orilnal Home and Foreign Theatrical LinellIgunce-foll ,artjicuMmr of the Raddhffe Fgham, andotberRace Meetings-conpous Aquatic Intelige tY the " Sunday Timef is r!isheda aWrmanent m- ee2netts of It columns, conin, inr agicultural intenigenco from all Tarts of the kigdom, and orinal communcaticcs on fannin su6b jects Inthatof undaynext w bll be continued .rom letweek an article on the Management of Dsry Cattle, written expressy foro that journal by an enminent irculturist. The suplement of the "SandayTimeei s the only to umbiulodonfir laratel a rertien4 Of ice, ice, 3rnatatedreeer A.dvertisement.}-The " Observer,"rvhich has been esta. bllakedupwards of halhiacentury Is the onlynew5pafer published on Sundaymorninr, and contains the fulest report of alEsldturd iutelbguce. stogeten with an wccrate digest of the nesm of the previow die eas.F Itis celebrated for its earlyodicha notices Well as for Its ofinl artidles on the money-mnarket and on every other sublfet of hc interest, ,domestc or forei4n. The " Obeanee is ublisihed at .o'co non Sday nmorninz, in time 2or tbe early train and steam.. boats. Adv,ertisenntsjare received op to 6 on Sturday aftroon. Stxnpededition. &l; uniaruzped, 5d. -ALonday edition, contaiunin *tbe market and latest intellience recei7ed that day, is readyat 4i o'loesk in the a;fternoon. ii is ripdtz u g hl .tad e iogot-de,10
COURT OF BARKR UPTCY, B asi- tn Aug. 27. IN MM GEORGB A.;GUSTUS HAXILTON CflCIMSTER. (Before Mr. Commimsioner FA%mI. *a --examinavaon meeting mthe case of the above. named bankrupt. Mr. Chidley appeared for 'he assignees. Mr. LIN rATYER, for the bankript, ksked for an adjournmeat, the accounts not having been filed. -Mr. CrmnLEY consented. The COAMssrONER.-The adjournment had better stand to the first week in November, when Mr. Comnmssioner Fonblanqcre, whose case it is, will be sitting. .Adjourned accordingly. Mr. INRL.rnTER asked for an allowance for the bankrupt of three guineas per week. The Co msIWolnER.-What assets are there? lMr. INsL&TEi.-1M. in hand, and a claim of 3,000Z. - The CoasessoI. .-What is the amount of the bank. rupt's debts. Mr. CHWEy.-Abo. 3,OGOi. The C6nsssosT.-.What do you expect the assets will really produce? Mr. CHDs.LY.-I fear not more than 2501. * The Coi sssom c.-Is the bankrupt a single manc The queation oasioned a smrile in court, probably owing to tae banrupt's recent adtair aith MiEs Thorsb2ll, and being answered in the aenrmative, His Hoso sid, sad shall only grant an allowance of one gui2na per week at present. - - N RE .E. -T. I W GE'. The bankrupt is desuibed as a dairyman, of Meidway. terrace, potherhithe. His deots are 3,6801.; sets 28'. This was an exainationi meeting. The bankrupt said his reason for omitting to mention his interest in two houses was that the mortgagees had taken possession oE them. His Hosos said the bankrupt did not a p Tpear to understandhis position, and he doubted wYhether he ought not to adjourn his examiination rinc dia and withhold any further protection. The case, however, belouged to Mr. Connissimner Goulburn, and there would be an djuurnment, with~ protecton, until he should resme his sittings, IN Btl! E. J. TH1YSIOOOD. The bankrupt was a builder, of Orchard street, o entiha town. Hespassedhhis examination unopposed, Mr. Chidley appearng for the assignees and Mr. Linklater for the bankrapt. DX . : Ther lb anptiwasna merchant of ceadendal-street. lE h s aecounts have alrady appeared ia s lims. This was an examination meeting. Mr Hollamns appeared for the aMsiznees, and Mr. Chidly for other creditors. The bankz upt passed. ' -~ vie B}: W. 5SSMT.-TH ESEL fllEMP8IEAD BA . cE this cas cpetition forean adjudadftion ot banrufptcr was filed on the 15th of August, the petitiofnzi creditor being the executor of Mdr. Whidttinlgetall, the liankrnpt's jlate partner. Onthel16th of August it was ordered hat the estate should be administered under the private arraugemeit claeses. M Zfr. Lm'xsA¶ now appeared on behalf of other eredetarsto file a petition in bankruptcy, and to ask that the estave r ight be realized in the usual way. c r. edior s obiected. In the present position of proe scaedings all creditors yere estopped from takind anot other step than ilcing a petition on the files of piis court Isfor an adnudication of bankruptcy. No evidence could obe received, or other proceedings taken to open such r petition of adjudicaion, nntil the lapse of 17 days fromn the ling of the herst petition. The CoLsLTsTossci.-Then a friend of thebankrdpt, by means of filing a petition for an adjudication of bankraptsc and converting it into an arrangement, may stop other creditors for 17 days. Another friend may ther do the i sanie thing, and creditors y be put off to the end of the wrorld. This s thec most betraordinary proposition I have ever heard. I cantbe conceive anythig more monstrm, s. Ms there any case tohsupportsview of the "jrules and orders?" Thr. Pmwa replied in the asffimativcm, but ded not namc thcae. Th. LIan.LTap. cited "Waker and Hayward" before Lord Justice Turner. HIis Hoieou said, the opinion of such.a man as lord Justice Turner was of great value, and having a strong opinion that he ought not to stop thle proceeedngs of other creditors, evidenc mnight be given in support of an adjudi. cation. Evidence having been given in a private roome, His Hoeso made the adjudicaton asked for The effect is that the case will come before the public Court. IN RS SAMUEL VNEWA The bankruptwas a builder antdpblican of the Granville Hotel, lee, .ear lewisham. This was an examination MIrL iklater aPp for the assignees; hfr. Chidley fee the bankrupt; and Mr. oucas for a creditor. The bankrupt, it may be recollected, was arrested some short time ago for having a loaded pistol in his possession and having intimatedrhisgenention to ehoot Mfr. Bunn, the trade assignee, and was released upon givng bail. Mr. Ii sra asked that Nr. Bunn miht be relieved from the duties of assignee. 9ot anged to be shot at, he was argious not to have the honour of being a target. The bankrupt said he had acted under feelings of great excitement. e mae.as a secured creditor fore6a600c., and the claims of the other creditors amonated to only about 400. Having a capital of his own of 4,000L. when Lie en. tered int an arrangement with Mr. Ives, ho was indignant at the manner in wrhich hiis children's beds wvere being sold under themn, and his propery improvidently raized. Bricks had been soldfor Os. 6d. per 1,000 which nught haim realized 25s. to 27sb td. per 1,C. T he Granville Hotel upon which be had eprended 1,380b., and upon which thera was a mortgage of only 600?or had been sold for 1,000in There wras alsosome most valtatle land, -of wphich the bey c nld not be made. Ho believed that Mtr. Ives, acting through limr. Bnnn, his ansignee, intended, by the manne in which the saloe was conducntd, to deprecite th croperto for a time, with a view ultimately to ret it intohis own possessuon. On the occasion of a meeting of his creditorn t had been agreed that he should pay 20s in the poundus. in the pound dowsn, and the other Ios. by four instal mentsh at three months, of 4a. each. Ios. in the pound had thus been paid, and the creditors weould hve given him time to pay the fifth instalmsent. Mir. I rm said the siatements of the bankrupt mwere not warranted by the facts of the case. Mr. CIves, ued that tee bnpt bad been artdly naed, iha tesaleof his propertyhad beenconductedin an improvidenat manner that he had given up property ob the value of upwards of 16,000. at only cost price to meet M. rpes's claim of 6,600!. and 400!.. on thenpart of the orhew creditors. Some land, not yet built. upon, was close to the Lewishama station, and into which the North Kent line Wa5 about to run a branch. By means of foregoing aw second mortgageo for 230s , e beingtalso the irst mortgagee, Mr. Ives had qualiied himself as the petitioning creditor, and chosen his orn assignee. The Cos src9ost-The nomlinee of Ives now wishes to be relieved Do you object to his removal o Mr. CHEDLEY.-Yes. If removed, Mr. Ives might place himself in a more advantageous position Thian at present. Mr. IaNnTBR said hus client was wining to leave the choice of a new assignee to the other creditors. As solcitor for Mr. Ives, he had no desire to becole solicitor for the assignee. It would be his dutyprobably to tane proscedings aist the ofiicial assigneo andl teg bankrupt. The bankrupt had rranted leases at shamefully low rents, and thereby deprived ar. Ives of a rental of SOw. a-year. There was no srctence for saying that Mr. Ives bad actd ufairly. under an ard judgment had been signed in bis favour andMbdid not expect to realize more than 3,0001. for his securities agast advaz es of upwGrds of 6,0001. The bankrupt repeated that in telling a policeman thatbhe should shoot mr. Bnnn and then himself, he had acted nder the ibnLencekof avery strong senselofv rong. He had seen Mir. Bunn only last night, when Mr. Bunn said that, having heard both sides, he was resolved that justice shoald be done, and that if Mr. Ives did not consent to a co zuse which he shoald name he wonld tender his resignation as as ignee. The Cobraptsproieend-I don't see howv InCan remove a . Bunn. Mr. wihaLA Mr.-Surely, a man once appointed assignee is not to be let to bo'e shot at. Mr. CpAman.-The bankrupt felt himself aggrieved that publichouse property should be disposed of in such an unusual way. The aOtaemstastomEe_YOU allege that the assignee concurred inn very wasteful realization? Mmr. Chtecl.-Yes. Th furnitureo should havo bean takcen at a valuation. 3In one way or another There waes a scriice to the extent of many k indred pouncis. It appeared from ferther statemenbt that some years ago Mr. Ives took a leasaof the land referred to (about seven acres) from the Earl of St. Germans at a rental of 200I. a-yeare and that be sublet itt o the bankrupt at 300!. a-yew suhjectto other conditions. the lease to the bankhrut whas alleged by Mfr. Linldater t;o have been cancelled by a deed sproduced. On the other hand, the bankrupt alleged that it wvasonly intendedtoputb hiinfor a time in amorefavour|able position wzith his creditors. The bankrupt, lfr. Link- later said, had made such a statement to the official assignee aa to cause bimto saFythat- they appeared to have been all a pack of knaves together. Thebankrupt proceededto saythat, haviugmade the agree. mer,t with 3Ir. Ives, and expended 1,500!. of his own money, and finding more capita necessary, 31r. Ives had told him That he could get 20O,OO froma the London and [ Liverpool Assurance Company. Having sold all his owrn proJ)ertyto enable himto carry on sometime longer, hewvas *.olatat be must waiti some time for the advance of 20,000!. On entering on the buildin,g unde,rtaking, Mr. Ives had told him that he could name an idea of some importanco, by means of which both of them could make their fortunesa Hec re^plied, that ha should be glad of it, for that he had been living some 50 years without beinug able to find out sunch a plan. Mr. Ives ha-d then asked him whether he had ever heud that his (Mr. Ives') son had been a bankrupt, and proceeded to state that he (Mr. Ives) and his uncle proved against his eshte for 7,0007. There were othercreditors to theamountof ,0001. By acting on the advice of a solicitor a fictitious opposition was got up to the son, and all went ight. He advised him to take the same course, and he should have 3,000l. wherewith to commence again. His reply was that he had always paid 20s.intEepound, andintendedtocontinue to do so. Mr. Ives sppeared to approve this. He bad afterwards said, "Call a meeting of your creditors, place everSthing in my hands, and say nothing about a parcel of land. I will then lend you 1,1001. to psy the creditors. Mr. ILNvKLsTu submitted that such statements were entitled to no notice. It was clear from his own statement that the bankrupt hbd committed a gross fraud. The CoMUS&rog.-._yes - but be charges your client with committing a greater. I lave listenedto his stories,-beeause he appears to have been hardly used. It is clear that Ives has got everything in his own power, and that be is in a position of advtage. By taking an unusual coursi he oarried th choice ofy wo asagnee. IHe now asks that his nominee may ive up.I do not think lI hall listen to anythingf thehind. What do you say Mr. Cidley? .rftr.VHm rny.-I simply ask that the bankrupt mav pass his examination. The C4o.5ISSIOXER.-Yes; he mayr pass. As for the re:- moval of the -assignee, -ImuBt decne-to make any- Mr. LnTLATE vurged the violent feeling evinced by the bainkrnnt.: - The Cot-susoNixx.-A violent eelig is very often created -by a sense of wrong. (To tan ha gi -Havo JOU any intention in futrre to m,lolert t.r Bann. The BCh pef-Ort dear a no His Hoioaia then paoser the. bge rpVs exahignatieond ntd declined to mak any order for Ms r. Buanng remonLa. THe hSpt was ai chytist and drupist, hof Crolth -street, Walwvortb. wole. Ghidley, for ti e banc upt, applied tht he might pass his edamination. -r. rogers, for the .a ine did not object, -Mr. Carkce, for Messrs. Duunm and o.,- creditors, opposed. : . After along examinaion, wrhi6h elicitkd that the bankrupt.inding himself ina failing poSjtion, had offiered flLin the pound to creditors, bad which roo ssrs. Dann and Co. had refused, insisting upon 1g the ond do and security for the balance, and that the bankrupt had afterwards been sued byi his wife's tractes who bad taken -all his property in executionl beforo the bakruptcy, Mr. CLaAn3 contended that the bankrupt ought tobe -adfr. CE submitted that the bankrpt had told the whvole truwth in his balance-sheet, and that however it mlight affect hiim on his application for a certificate, yet he wras entitled to passshis last examnination.- - 2is Hosou concurred, and the baWnkrupt passecd accord- -n ly -_ _ _ _ _ _ _
INSOLYVENT DBBTOR COUBT, August27. (Before thc CH Connm-O2,XB.) His Honour sat to-day for bail casesaud motions. X- RE GEORGE VNEWMV. This insolvent, a commission horse dealer, who had petitioned the Court four times, Applied to be liberated on sureties till his hearng. - An Mttornev for Captain Blaccatt opposed the proposed sureties. - e insolvent sold Captain iaclkett two horses to 0guineas, wihich wrere returned in a fortnight as notlarge enough for his carrige The insolvent agin, soldI them, coxs derahl3 nder the former prce. The captain sued himn, and he ws now in prison at his sUit. The CHIEF Casrmssxo~xss-held that the schedule Was not correct as to the captains debt, and- refusod the application, Ih BJr AE-X 3nGGInS. lfr. MACRBAL appliea for the sancticn of.the Cour to effect a compromise to terminate a Chancery eUit. The learned COIaSSIONtER said he would loolc through -the papers before he granted the application.
POLICE. ;SIoS-z-S-ousE-The -hao lAo:R, uponiasking his Ecat, handed the following communication to our reporter, whichl he had eceived especting the ten aborigines of Walpole I nd, Uper Canada, a statement of whose case appeae in our Columns a fortnight ago:- "Frandcis' -arrage presents his respects to the Lora :M3ayor of London, and begs to state' that, incomnpiisane with the lord Myor's proposal, the tan lNortls American liidhns, from Upper Canada, have starte for their natvb land. They embarked in. the Great Britain, which left the port of London yesterday, boundlor3fontreaL': i- La^st wgeek tne chief Peto-e-keeiiclhad an opportnity of presentigto the-BritishGovernment .. -memorial; con- taining the particulars of his affairs, as they aro pendin' between the COlonial Covernment and himself Th Secre tar_y of State for the Colonmes, who saw the chief, assured him that proper attention should be paid to the co#tents of this memorial, so that.thesubject whichthe Indians sated to be the cause of their leavkig their native lnd has been represented in theright quarter, aid has zeceired efficieit notice. "In the prospectof retarning the chief expressed appre- hensLonas to the situation of the partywhentheymight lnda' in Canada, as they have many hundred miles -to travel before arniving at their inal destination, when the sea voyage is aceomplshed, and by the time of their arrival thewinter will probably have begunt U an being informed th3t the Lord Mayorhad forwarded a Meter 'to- the Mayor. of Quebec on the subject, ho was better satisfied, and av.s' directed to pply at the Post-offices in Qebeoc and Montrealfor any further comnmnuication which his friends in Bog-- landmiight forwar He appeared very thankful at theprospect of returning home, and expressed very gratefrue eeln fortheattentionswhichhad been paidto himself ana fei ow countrypeople. "The particulars of the account of their passage are ineluded herewith, and the voucher for the settlement of it. "Bythe kdnd consideration of thie directors of the Crystal Palace, the whole party, including their attendants, visited the Crystal Palace before leaving England. Their conduct' and deportment here have given general satisfiction, andhave' claimed the admiration of many who have had the opportu-- nity of seeing them. ''One hopeful Jo.ii man before leaving had made con-- siderableprogress in vir7ous ways, and had embracedthe 'p ertutsos afforded him of rea;ding and writing Enwglish le gave great promise of usefulness to aIs own natco od but, as many of the officers of the public irstitution likewl to take charge of him were out of tovin, no arragements were made to justifyris remainino in sgland ; "hLondoni 8thmonth, 20,1i856." 'U wvo persons, ncamed John Wilson ani nn Stewsart, of ahbot 40 a eas of age, iere charged before Fl . Alderman W .Cn upon suspicon of having tstolen a geld wratch ail. chain from 3Mr.7Lousis Ludecha. The prosecutor, a German, having been srorn, stated that abont 10 o'lock the previous evening he was accosted by a woman,wvhom he believed to be tihe prisoner Stewart, . in Cannon-stvireet, and who antched his geld watch atnd cha?in from his wsoat, and ran away with them. Up>on his attempting to pursue lies, two men, one of whom he believed to be the male prisoner, placed themselves beforo him, and prevented him from overtk itng her. W. Cole, constable P o. 4s90, said thaco frominform.on ho receive d of the last witress, he apprehended the prisoners shortly after the robbery. re also said that he ihd seen the pistoners together Ior an hour nrevions to the robberyin the neighbourhood of Cannonstreet Stewrth accosting gentlemes and walknsg withn them i s-treets bwher little traotc existed, while Wilson remdained a short distance off. The prisoners were remanded. f i. wBow-sc,Ert.--James Bronr, who haid been six years i the service of the Postoeice s a letter-carier, was chrged before Mr. BEserY wit stealing a letter containing cash. r. Peacocki, theoPoet-office solicitor, prosecuted. -Pirom the evidence of 3Mr;. B.-. Sculthorpe, deputy controller, it appeared that the prisoner was employed in the Bayswaeter distric, and ig was part-of his duay to assis. in collecting letters fromtbe receivnughouses of thi locality. Owing to the frequent disappearance of letters te usai method of testing tWhe servants was resorted to-the result being fatal to the prisoner, who was tempted to steal the trapletter, addressed to a fictitious lady in the Xorth, and containing a haLFsovereignc aoseenny-piece, and six penny stampe, all pnvately marked. The siXPence was found gn his pocket, the halfsovereign was recovered from apublican with whom the prisonerhad hanged it, aud the stapurs which the prisoner had sold at a receivin- house, havin been resold to the public, were found upon ifferent lettes in the letterbox. The prisonaer was committed for tria. Tichael Lee, a youth of about 17, extremely wel dressed was chared with having property in his possession sup. posed to eg stolen. The arisoner was stopp3ed n St. Martin's-lne, at about 5 o'lSor in the,Snorng, by police-constable Vennese. F 8S fhoyhad seen him loitering about for nearly two hours. Being uable to give a satisfactory explanation of his business, or a correct address, he was baken into custody and searched, on whichi two skeleton keys, a broken chiseL, a screwdriver, A box of matches, a silver watch and geld chain were found in his pockets.. -Ee had twro handsome gold rings, also, onhis fingers, one within agate. The prisoner gave a different address at the polce station, oweich also proved false. In answer to the charge, the prisoner, who dedhlined to state his address for the satke of his friends, stid he as servant, hut had boeen out of employ four mouths. He picked up the chisel and skeleton keys, and purchased the rings last wee}-one at Perry's in Oxford-street, andthre other in Holborn, Hoe had had the wtach nine monts. b r. bnmn.sH rw demring that servants "out of employ" did not usually buy gold rings, remanded the case for further inquiry. m MasaaBOROUtGIo-SrR, Ev.-Emold e LOUiS was summoned before Tr. BxT.Os by Clarisse Dorville for an assault. t The poaes are Flrench prostitutes, and tho assault ows of theusual character-a street fight, inwhichthe defendant was alleged to have commenced the attack, and the eomplainant made the adlmission that she "revenged" herself .as well asske could, Several witinesses were examined, but thueir evidence was contradictory, aod served only to prove that one was as much in fault as the other. ltf. Bspnori, whvose time has been of late greatly occupied with hearing eharges preforred by foreign perostitutes against eami other, took occasion to rem on e great increase of these cases, ana the lttle prospect there appuared to he at present of any material diminution, as he. had been ust informed by the police that an importation of more than a dozen French women of loose character hadken place, and tht this importation servedtto swell the great number of foreign prostitutes who plied their i'mmoral trde in the most shameless way in the leading westend thoro Wughfares. It appeared as if ia the wost character.sin Paris found their way to this counLtry, judging fromc the conduct of thiosepersons who-made their apperIanoe before him. He wras determined to put the law in force in all properly p roved caLses of diLorderly conduLct, hut in this instance, as the evidence convinced hm that one was qufit -a had as the other, he should dischuee the sutemons. Wxsnrriarm-eorgeEvers appeared on remand, withThomas Blackhorough, both in the empsloyment of M3s-. 13llen Carter, yeast manufactue, Robert-street, -Chelsea, chargedat theinstance of the Royal Society for the Preventionof Cruelty to Ani'mals, before MIr. Anxow,, withunlawfully and cruelly illusiug and torturting 7 hors, the property of their emuployer. - WflhascL Love, a constable employed by the societyt said that the previous afteroon he was at Chelse, when he saw the defendant Evers driving a horse and cart. Xe obsrved,from the motions of the animal, that it was suffaeing ea pain. He liftodutp the saddle, and he then fen a lak. wound on therightaide of iba back. Itwas a: laroeaill. palm of hi hand, ver deep, and muich swolleii, - | he defnant- stated that on the :Monila a new. | pa wasmedfor the horse, and he was n*o awr thel woundl wras sO bad as it wr : s. Mr. Aitsow.-What have yon to say-to thie charge ? 7 Evers.-I ws not awre the horse was ina5nch a state I' hav.e been 24 years in MIrs. Carter's service,' and I did not' put on the harees.- EMr. .Ansow.-WhO put on. the harness? -sere.-A man named Blackbcrocgb, v;ho is- the ost!.er. lie-ought to have !mown that the hore hlaso a A wound. The 3fagistrate dL-etBed tLe case Ehould be adjoenmA for the attendance of Blackborougb. Upon his Attendance ah ccused the other of being in fault, uponw ich Mr. ARYOiD directed an adjournment ofthe case for the attendance of Mra. Carter, in order, by her evidence, to show which of the defendants was to blame. Mr. Carter, inn., wied ti have the cas decided at once, Mr. ARNOLD objected, that the horso was in AmoAit i:proper state to be sent ont. - The defendants were ordered to nter' into.their own recgmznees ta appe;ar agin on MSon4ay next. ~~-~: Susan Jones and Mary Cro. -two fashioziabl dresed women of short stature, were charged with' steding in- an omnibus a purse from a ly unown. - - Michael Bydor a detective offier of tho city polce, sada that about 3Soclock that afteroon he saW thaTprisoers go into aaiomnibus at the Silver Cros, Charine-cross. -.From a previous knowledge of them-he was induoei to go on i]e roof of the omniUwSin:to whic tley got. - .' Mr. ANOLD.-What omnibus was it : - Ba7dou.-!L N~ebon omnibs, to Greenwich. - : Ensdence 04ntinud.-lhe omnibus -vent as far as he foot of Westminster-bridgs on the Middlesex side, wheie it stopped. The prines got out and yvalked off rapidla toaPilaoe.yard. Blegot dovrnandspolcetotheconductor, after whichheaddreedtsheLadb:initheomnibu2s Inonsequence of what one of them said he went after the prisoners. Hecame up with them in theBroadway, wheree hobtained the assance of a policeman. Htold them he.wasa constable, and charged. them with stealing a pi rse from a lady in an omnibus. Jones observed, "'Whai purse? l have DO purse.' He obeved that she put her handin her p et and tookout something BHe id hold of her hand and seized a pue -which oontained two arthings. -. She afterwards gave him a hbaferown and a florin. She saidat the same-imne "Wepicked up the purse in the omnibu. andit contained 7s. e" (The officer produced . netted blue silk purse.). Jones remarke to her compamion, Give him wbat you have." Cros then handed lwitness a hlfcrown,S two sixpenny.ieoee, and.la fourpenny-piece. eo bao torwfras lher ao bvereign, two forns, andws. in silver. At ihe-nataionheusw he reeived anoAter foerpeliny-pieget -ehadieton to bdievefrom the arrd sementhe made woith the conductor at he sul fin the ,idy the w obbed The prisonersre reded t3l sTaiesda,y. -; -- ctWov rp-sMay theJnoen Wlkinson,- an athletic x scvator, was charged before 3lr. fl'Evi-CO1;B.T wVith the. fol. lowing scandalous outas :-- 7 -. ; Pocecstable 'Swam, 188 o-btnt2 @'clock lat night, while in the City ro d,.I heard load screawe 'inawoman:s voice, nd on rsnning inte an adjoining strwetlkthere found the dprisoer and a. pectablyodreased mao and h,is wife, who both, in aest-te of indignant ewbitEment, charged the prisoner wkth assauling -them; and the wife,ash'se foae wAs bleeding; caed heim bnith t6 h her -indecenUl. mtheyrgvee prisoner incharge, ndI attmpd to take him, but he resisted obetinateld;- stmcek moea violent blowr under the essr, and, oni our both falliiig, lie -}icked me mabny times, and once so violent on tebloirer pert of my stomach that I can scarcely eiter onlk er .stand, and shall be obiged to keep offdati. w h Jaquec, 4O6h.-Iowentto the aid of tLe lastlwitness, Sid saw the prisoner kick himluonut2gtimes. Biesvaoery -ioleat, and hicked me- oftens bt n, t tco hurt me inu,ha; andI do Dot therefore wish to dhem. -s-ce Another Officer.-The prioner ilso kicked me, b%t,nfdrtunatly, not to hurt me. Be-was so deteroif d not tohe taken that it auied the aniid efforts of six consthblesto' get hlim to the station a and, though it is only a shtrtl distance off wle were an hour in getfng him there. Mr. D'EvrYcouRT.-IWhere dre the ma and his ife weho *were first asanilted? - --- yu . Sain.-Thesafollowed to the station Ihelievie Sir; bu t the crowd ws so great, throgh the prisoner's w iolnce, athat 1 think, ithe cof ksion,thoy could notgez in, and lert, as wue have not een them since. *nsr. utYNCOTmtedwo the -paisoneu.-Whelr, and wnat have yo u to say to the chargef trisoner.-A g reat dpeindeedl, mest of what has been said in ntrue. I admit Iassaulted The veomnin thewa they describe, and then this is-what hapief -the hbn and unocked ha down, Igob nup and khoched him dowln, and then, -when the woasn inerCered boetween us, o m nocied her down too. I was tfps,y and don't recollect r ickolg the officers. I am alabourer in tetannels, have nust conesnp. hrom Lancaire, and have been- Yr.b asyabcourer.-I don't caref -here yos have been yon areda dastrdly fellow, bndit is rite oevidento owde net know howv to behve to either man or woman Yon appear to think nothind of knocking s woman down, even inder eancldgr cvnted ceicumetances avs these. You grossly dinsult earie ed woman, and, because her husbandwatrwly turns-upon you, you kanock him down, then fell his wife to dihe ground, and sll this an from-ourowan a siond! Yonr treatment of the polEce, also, wfas both scandalous and cruel, andyon may reet assured that if the personmyon first assaulted had only followrecnptho charge I would most rundoubtedly have punished youl severely. As it is, I shall sendyon tothe nouse of Correction for one month, with bard labour. P Irisoner (remonstratiugly3.-Why, there svas only three. blows strcmk aRtogether,-oee on thewon, another on th husband and one on rthe police. -1 zs.h on Prendergast,-an trishman, aged 3, and described as a lbourer, othaNo. 29, Bakdinge-street, Rat. rloif, ws brought before 3fr. SEms chargeo with assauling tan woundneg s ary Walsh, khs sister, of ho.7, Stepnescaudsewaycconrt, oratcarin e Garhe comainant had seusained serious injunres abont the heaOand tacehe it c s oi the savaget etse hadreeived fromSher brother. Her eyestwereawaollen and dIscoloured, her ltps CGt, and atere ws r woud en her nose which had evidently been inflicted wit;h some Sharp insrment. Be w as sentenced to three nonths' imprisonment and hard labour in the Houe of Correction. ori newa-The preyss w equested t acknowledge the receipt of w. for the poor-box from "3J. l. W." per the Lord 3fayor. steal -No lea t tand 2 pickpockets of all grades,. from thoe elynread spelmobsmal to the mow t dih hunter after soiled pocSetvanerchiefs, whe havre bena an custody siuchiond oby, for cing on their vocation dpering tho progressof the mGurds toan from the mioyat Suenny Gardens on that day, weree brought before the ron. G. t NORikock, the sitwmngtmgist;rate. WSlliam Shannon as charged with stealing avwatch from the person o£fYr. artin, a surgeon at Brompton. In tbiscae itws showthattheprisonerhad been before tried, convicted, and sentencedto ns.months'imprionment; and the evidence in the present case being perfectly clear-. the prisoner was fully committed fortriaL Thomas Brearton was also cocmmitted for trial On a chargeof stealing a watch, and John EaclEan wras remanded to a future day on a charge of stealing a -wateh. The followng prsoners were summarly convicted for p icking pockets :-.Jj Sullivan, for attempting to steal a vrateh, three months; John Eobinson, for piCckig pocksets, two months- James 3fontello, for attempting to steal a. vwatch, three months; Frederick B3arpes, attempting to pick: pock;ets, twvo months; John Smith, attempting tosteal a watch, and former conviction, f.ve months; Henry Seymour, stealing a watch, three mnonths;- Thomas Smith, atteinpting to pick pockets, twomnonthe; John Thomas, for asilar offenLce, two months' E dward Woodflne, picking pockets, two months; and Thomas Johnson, two months; and the others, for petty acts of picking pockrets, to different periods of imprisonmnent. gdwad Guord and Thoma HuEdson, runawvay -Justinee who had been remanded from the preceding day on1 a chargeof robbery, and attempting, with twro others not in custody,. to violate the person of-rs VE olbern, wCe aanptt the bxr for further examinamtioan. r gi u o The prosecutrix, in her croes-ecminaticn by Mr. Neile, on the part of the prisoners, varied considerably in her statement, On the preceding day she descri'bed herself as a. respectable married woman, and said that within the last three wee3s she had been delivered of a child. Yesterday she said s'hehad been married two years -ago, hut had left her husband, and was living with a Mr. Jones, an ionmonger in the Baymarkiet* that lMfr. Jones was the father of her child, and that the child had died in consequence of her present trouble. She denied that her notive in maikins the present charge wa that of screening her owcn niisacnduct; and,after a lengthened exainton, the prisonerse wrere agai remanded.
fAdveidsement.1-Royal Aemy-Proposals for itsleform.-Tbh "A -ournaltfor September, price 2L Gd., contains -two Egravin fom licturoe in the Royal (hIlections:-'!St. Cat ne," ,iG.Guid, and " Consinople,a siterJ Jacobe, with an Engaiing from. the Statue of the "late Earl of Belfast." The literary coutentr incude:-Th Royal Academy--ropoals for itLs Peform-Britsh Artists, eo. 1A J. D.Harding, illustrated-The ArtSean of 1856-The N tional alry-Heraldry-The Cours of the Crystal Palace, ilustrated-The Mokr of the Addle es, by the Rev. B. Lh Cuttt, illusated-Correspondence from the Unated State, ac. Vte andCto., 50, Paternoster-row. [Advertisment.] -The "Austrian Dungeons of Italy." cIat Orni nirical. Thetenth thousand, noew reay. -The pubacation of the *Auestri Dungeons of Itab" is calnltea to produce an effecton theminasof the Englishpeople not less powerfulthatthat of Mr. Gladstones Damphiet on theKing of iaples, or Silvio Peloo's account of his imprisonment. The litt'e book in which this strange story is contuinodis weliworib reading. It is Written Eimply, quietl, and manfully. As a mere Story, the scapDe or OtnODi must be Classed ait hthe Ieala of TrenS: andl,acude, andifar beyond tbfit of lavalette There is, howecvesia far de^eper interest ablout the hook thin on which is dericed merely Ifrom its romatic dh ctrit rceveas a stte of things which appea mnore horribte the maore 't ia considered." SaturdaReview,. London, George RoatU.^dge and Co. Jhrcingdion- jAdvertisement.]-" Thb Adventres of Mlr. ledbury," pwocela,byAlbert Snith. , book purporting to be descriptive f ervy day lfe, ard the habits and CuStOms of the age to bo succesaf-l should be written early in life, and topos-se viridcoloaring and vraisemblanoe the soznes should be sketched whbile the recoslection of themisyetfreehintheanthorsbrairL buchwrasthecasewith 'fr* Tedbnfrf "ad hence its snouoes Zersy page teems with oiirablytold incmAente of life in Londond ast Padrig whUe the sketches o- the traelling Enki4l, -with wbichAlbert Smith wilt always be anoiated, are ret hurmomus, laughable, rndtrue. Londond George Routlegeo bnd Co., Earrinedon-street, tAdvertilementL]-'" Ioratio Howasr Brenton," by Iaptai Sir 1L Belober, IN., C.B., c., in 3-ols., is ut publishe.a " Homtio HowardBrentonisav novel orf the uoSt enuine and natr-al kinod Itbea throughout the stelp o£f tea liSe aad actnea chracter, while the incidents withM ich it deals 2re sufflidetly, intereutug aLd e-citing to stiOsf the demands of the most, enuniyt ea-aide novel reader. In wbavTer liht it is regarded-as a naval n,ovel-as a curious =teibuiU-n, !!er the guise of fiction, to-bo artuslroesaoeof prirste life-or as a- merely intereeting _tory.-_t is Ar&MirllyabooItoherbead, and certainly one wbich, if t;CD U7 w-t not be id down unta itis read,"- Chronide. IAdvertisement.}-" The Oxonian in NOrvay; or Notes Of EncuslaIos in that oDuntry " by the Rev. F. oetralfe, IdA , Fellow of LinoDla College, Oxfo;a 2 vouL, with illustraiolu, jut liutlidhtd. "We baTe to th"ak lr, betoalfe fora couple of eramusing vfol-umes aeyhs, evecatrs to.4rway, and hba ere en to he publiohe fruiteof Ihis experie=o?. He isea keen anglesr, a S the Mne time intellat obaler zitedw ith exeellentpowers e,cdeMesipVle d a qick psesn of humour. Henoe his oices of N ot ys n lt of the annTs and social stae of the people arefoakindtoott all casalldae ia."-ThePress KratAALd M-Aet, hluisbn, A Gret MaAilougr-trect. [Adv-Esement}]ReevigO of the Bile--" Griesbach's "knalated a into Ihgliah bi Samel Sb Pae, thirdS editior.ede e f,d.incd e st laubtLhed. o e day, peie : i6 sn cloth, " CEitlaIoe (S sh;e Aethrad Vililab Version of Ibe 3iw ealanat, 1~ Sael Sharp, lh.j. bea a compajesto theauth,13 tramas of 'Guie.atl hew seta fanttowsd,-wbenoSeamq,writhtseasonatosuortthe fOt-oreil traic lain"-eae Ledn 9msHco. 3 acsscxw
SUMMER ASSIZES. VnT?q,rL-QsT oTmr;TTTT LIVERPOOTL Tursnxv. Aut. 26. (Eefore 2Ur. Baron BRvELw and a special Ju-ry.l PEL- V. .LLtS. This was an action on a policy of insurance effected with the defendant, an underwriter at Lloyd's. LTr. Watson, Q.C., Mr. Hill, Q.C., and Mr. Miellish appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Atherton, Q C., Mr. Zerjeant Wilkins, and Mr. Blackburn for the defendant. heo action was brought against the defendant on a policy Tor3,8001 on gold-dnst, "nuggets,' andspecimens, and 6031. Sn sovereigns, on a voyage from Adelaide to England, for a "I tot less." The defendant pleaded-1. That the plain. vs3 w3 not interested in the golddust, specimens, and Tovereigrs. 2. That they were not on board the vessel in question. 3. That they were not lost. 4. That the sup. ;cosed loss Vwa occasioned through the negligence of the -plaintiff; and 5. That the defendant had been induced to' nnbscribe to the policyof insurance bythefraudulentrepresentation of the plaintiff. The cause was tried here in the spring assizes of last year, and resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, but the verdict wvas afterwards set aqide 'upon the application of the defendant on the ground of insufficient evidence, and a commission vwas issued to Australia in order to obtain additional evidence. Mr. WATsox, addressing the jury, said he appeared before them that day in behalf of a gentleman upon whose head the most unjust imputations had been cast, and -who had met with every possible obstacle in the enforcement of his daim. lNevertheless, he hoped to satisfy every one of the gentlemen whom he had the honour to address, 'by abundant testimony, that the plaintiff was fully entitled to recover the amount of his demand against the defendant. The plaintiff was a gentleman somewhat advanced in life, and had served his country in the Royal navy, which ho entered in the year 1807, and, having passed from the rank of midshipman to that of lieutenant eurng the var, and being without anyinfluence to assst his advancement, he retired from the service on half-pay at the peace of IS16, and embraced the mercantile marine, and had commanded merchant ships for many years, and was well mnown inthe Exchange-room at Liverpool. Having sab. sequently to this been unsuccessful in some business at Liverpool, he went to reside at the Isle of Man, znd in the year 1852, finding every one anxious to go to the diggings, he obtained pecuniary assistance from his brother-in-law, MIr. Grinday, and purchased the ship Orpheus, of 300 tons, for the purpose of proceeding to Austrzha. Tho vess&O was accordingly fttea out for the voyage, well stored with provisions, purchased with advances mado by MIr. Grinday, and the plaintiff hired a namber of seamen to work the vessel, and an agreemeit was made with them that they should remain withi the plaintiff upon his arrival in Adelaide, and join him in a venture to the gold diggings. The Orpheus sailed, and arrived at Adelaide in July, 1852, and shortly afterwards a party from the Orpheus went up to the Junga diggings, but they were not successful in their search for gold, and in the month of September the vessel vwas advertised to go to Melbourne. The voyage to Melboune was a very profitable one, the plaintiff realizing 1,4001. or 1,5001. on passengers alone, and a considerable sum on the sale of provisions, ale, &c. So great was the profit of the psage that the plaintiff proposed to his officers and crew that they should, instead of proceeding to the diggings, mnake another voyage to Adlaide and back; but they refused, although 14L. was offered to etch man for the ruLn. The Orphe;s was accordingly laid up at Wlliamstown, near Melbourne, and the plain tiffpurchased a number oaf horses, and the party set off to the diggings. The plain. tiff took a conside.-able sum of money and a quantity of p revisions with him, which he kept as secretly as possible. Anthe course of a short time he purchased a large quantity of gold-dust, and bartered a great deal with provisions of which he had to send for a second supply to helbourne. 'Ultimately he left the men at the diggings and returned to AdeLaide with the gold he had purchased. He returned to Adelaide in December, and this voyage was also a very profitable one, the sale of provisions giving him something like 300 per cent. upon his outlay. He made two other successful voyages between Adelaide and Melbourne almost immediately afterwards. He then " pat up," the vessel for Great Britain, packing his gold-dust, sltogeth s about 00 oneacs, with various nuggets, and 600 sovereigns, in two boxes, one of tin and the other of wood, which he kept in his cabin under his bed. He originally intended to load his vessel on the homeward voyage with guano at Ilinder's Island, but he was obliged to return to Adelaide in consequence of stress of weather. There he obtained a freight of gold, wool, and some other goods. He set sail for England, and shortly after leaving Adelaide he arranged the 600 sovereigns in his possession among the gold-dust, and deposited the boxes in his cabin. In the voyage home he called at the Cape of Good Hope, and expended 2G00. in the purchase of provisions for the ship. The vessel, in the course of time arrived in the Channel, the -wind blowing verv hard from the eastward, and a heavy sea running. On the night of the accident out of which the accident arose it was very stormy, and the captain came on deck about 2 o'clock in the morning. He put up a blue light over the side of the ship to prevent colisions. While walking the deek he saw a light shining in the cabin. He went below, and found the place was full of smoke. The powder magazine was kept in the cabin; and the plaintiff's object was to save the two boxes which contained the dust and sovereigns. He rushed on deck with the boxes, and, standing at the side of the vessel, he ordered one of the crew to get sato the boat, which was hanging on the davits. Just at this moment the vessel gave a lureh, tho plaintiff was suddenly thrown forwards, and the boxes were precinitated into the water and lost. He out in for London, and immediately reported the case to the underwvriters. The order for the insurance was eent from Melbourne on the 8th of December, 1852; and the insurance was effected by the Messrs. Grinley with the London underwriters as a time policv, to attach on the 24th of Febraary, 1&53, for 12 calerndar months, to take effect 30 days after the ship's arrival at Adelaide. At the time of the accident the plaintiff had received no intimation that the policy had been effected. Thelearned counsel,having minutely narrated the wholefacts, concluded a very energetic speech with a touching allusion to the advanced age of his client, and the grave and serious zspersion that had been cast upon him, and the partial loss of eyesight which he had sustained by the accident. ?Nevertheless, he felt satisfied that the jury would do fuU justice between the parties, and give effect to the evidence which he should lay before them. He then called Captain Peter Petrie.-I am 67 years of age. I have been at sea since 1803. I was in the navy in 1807. I an a lieutenant, and am now on half-pay. I entered the merchant service in 1816. 1 was some time a ship carpenter in Liverpool, but, finding it unprofitable, I gave it up. In 1852 I purchased the Orpheus. I engaged a crew and entered into an agreement with them to wvork the ship to Adelaide, and join me at the diggings. 3My ship was full of passengers, and I took out spirits, wines, and implements for the dig. gimgs and about 3501. in cash. We left in March, and arrived at Adelaide in July. I sent a party of the men with the mate to the diggings. They were absent eight das, and had very little success. They returned to the ship. I then advertised the ship to sail to Melbourne, and in a few days I got about 360 passengers. I sold various stores on the passage, which lasted about eight days. We reached Melbourne the end of September. I realized by thepassage, freight, and stores, 1,5001. Ihad horses and carte and hay, wvhich also brought in freight. A Mr. Pennill died on bis pas-age out from England. He left acut 180 sovereigns, 'which I had the charge of. When at Melbourne I left the ship at William's'tomn, and went to the diggings. I bad a dray, bullocks, horses, and cart, and about 1,800?. When i went to'the diggings I hai various stores. I sold some of them for golddust. I made a large| proht. The flour sold, some of it, at 1501. a-ton. I bouoht a quantity of golddust, averagiing about 31. an ounce. I made a nevv arrangement with my men that I should pay all their expenses, and in return I was to have half the gold they obtained, the gold to be weighed each night at the close of the day's labour. While there I sent the drays and horses again to Melbourne for a fresh supply of stores, some of which ' I sold at a great profit. I kept the gold when at Adelaide in a hole in the ground under my tent. My men did not get much gold. I had scales with mc. I kept the golddust in leather bags. I went to Mlelbourne and took my gold on board. I stowed 10 bags, containing about 430oz. under the cabin, and I had about 200oz. more in a cash-box, whicb I left in the hands of Messr;s Smith, who are merchants there. The mate remained with the men, bat in consequence of their having desertedhim he came back to Melbourne. He sent me a small quantity of golddust. After this I laid on my ship to Adelaide, and in two days we were quite full-I think about 250 passengers in all. I bought at this time about 180oz. of gold. '1 obtained about S&01. for passagemoney from Melbourne to Adelaide, and 1801. for stores. 1 then sent home instructions to effect an insurance-4,0001. on the ship and outfit, 3,800?. on golddust, and 3001. on effects I went back to Melbourne and had passengers, which were again very profitable. I rmade two other voy. ages, which were not so profitable. I then prepared the ship to go to Flinder's Island. At that time I had 930 ounces of gold on board in my trunk, under my bed. I had no boxes then. Ih.d about 7001. also, chiefly mi sovereigns. On reachingFlinder'sIslaand thesurf wasso high we conldnot obtain the gnano, upon which I returned to Adelaide. This was the end of March, and, finding there were many passengers, I advertised the ship for England. I still had my gold on board, and as there wvere many bad characters about the port I took about 500 ounces with me to the York Hotel; the rest I left stowed away in the ship. I then had a box made. I sailed for London on the 12th of May, taking my bags on board. The bags had been kept in the hotel in a box. I had some gold belonging to Mr. Pennill. I had about 600 sovereigns of my owzn. I put all my gold in one box, my sovereigns in a second box, and MIr. Pennill's gold in a bag. After we had been shout 10 days on the voyage. I emptied the dust and nuggets into the box and put about 400sovereigns in the box, and fastened t"he lid down -with ~imQ nT these u y be I kep.t my owzn accours ll the paper with it. On reachng. thee "I oepead P. thtleblig ad took out 2001. oxin soverei and t oaonce g I pari away the 200. fo r p i . e passenger went on shore wih a e lnt me . as h taken enough mith Inaesicoad i h t sm After that, in consequence of the r t t the Crew, I desired MY carpenter to affix additi l swto My box It .was again Put under myvedther was aloa metal magazine containing gurpow n m cabn. The 3cor of may cabin entered from the main cabin Alnr. Jarvis had. a cabinL near mine. We a onrr -winds when we came into the Channel. We had ven rough oweather on the night of the 12to cer ndwe were oblige to "tack." There weremn esl I>eatinvp the Chanel that night, Wie were f 11 ws e abot 2o'leock on the ngto h 3'nb m3an Bley was3 ant the wheel. The ete .'dr n cloudy, and a heavy sea. I burnt a bisligt.Abu .S o'clock I wrent into mny room, where I kept mny ti blue.; light box. I openedI the box and took tsp once?o the lighte. 1YAo box was on the end of mny trunk. I cannot remembe whether I left the box open. I took the blue light on deck and gav it to the second officer. Findlag that it would not burn I went down for another and burnt it myself. The lights have o pper cap which is dravn off. Then there is a smal globule, which beiug struck, causes it to ignite At this moment I perceived an unusual light in my cabi and foaud the state-room full of smolze. Ifound a blue light burning under my bed. I saw that some of my clothes were on fire, and that the bag enclosing thsimagazine was on fie. I immediatelyput oat the fi-e, and, ins o doing, burnt my hands and scorchled my eyes, sustaining an injury to my sight which I am suffering from at this moment. i seized my boxes of gold, caught up the blue light, caUed'Mr. Jarvis, and, rushing up to the dece, ca)led to the oflicer to get out a boat, and while in the act of putt-ing my boxes in the boat in the davits the ship lurched, and I teU over the hencoop, and my boxes feU over the ship's side iato the water. The deck was very slippery that night. Upon going again into my cabin I found the sparks still smouldering on the magazine bag. I had called to the officer to get into the boat, and in raising theboxes I fell. Cross-exainined by M1r. ATRsxuTo.-There are other actions depending upon this. The defendant is one of various subscribers to the policy (for 1501.). 1 had altogether, when I had completed the voyage froms Adelaide to Melbourne, 2,100. Messrs. Elder were my brokers at Adelaide in September, 18.52. Their account against me was about 60', but this wras owing to some mistakes in the account. I bad their account delivered to me before left Adelaide, bat I think it was only a part of their account. I did not take up the two tons of flour with me in my visit to Mel'oourne. Ipurchased the Orpheus. I had some assistance to enable me to do so. I intended to remit when I got gold, if the amount was worth remitting. I thought the outfit of the ship would ba about 1,000Z. I be. lieie it was 1,0001. or 1,2001. 1 though' when I was in Australia that I was indebted to Messrs. Grindlay about 1,0OO. Very little gold was obtained by the crew at Adelaide. Mty original intention was to send home the golddust that I might obtain from the diggings, but not the money that I took or made on the voyage. I never deposited my golddust in any bank. I never heard of that practice. I remember writing to Messrs. Grinley, saying that I hoped to deposit or send home by steamer some valuable nuggets. I meant by "deposit" to put on board a vessel to remit if I could get them, but I never did. The hole in which I kept the money when at Adelaide was 10 yards from my tent. I used to go well armed and guarded by four dogs, and Bley remained in the tent during my absence. I went to the hole frequently at night. I caunot remember whether I dug the hole, buat it was made in the dark. I was alone always. It was covered with earth and grass. It was about IS inches deep, and in that hole I pub my golddust and money also. I had about 14 bags when I went to the ship. The second hole was in the tent, and about a foot deep. I put the bags ;uto this hole, and my ca.hbox. I sometimes put the cashbox into the hole at night. Sometimes Bley was present when I put the cashbox in the hole. There were other people in the tent. The mate was there. I never opened the hole iuntil I thought thev were all asleep. I opened the holes and took away the money to the ship about 4 o'clock in the morning. I used to make my purchases of gold in the neighbourhood of the tent. I generally left Bley in charge, and the dogs were there also. I always made it a rule to divide my gold, and so divide my risk. The plaintiff w;as also subjected to a very long and rigid cross-examination by the lesrned counsel, touching certain correspondence, which was read. Mfr. Muir, the mate of the Orpheus, was then called, and corroborated the various facts deposed to by the plaintiff, and other witnesses were exa7mined as to the profits of the voyages between Adelaide and Melbourne. Ar. Serjeant Wmr.se then rose, and, addmessing the learnedjudge, said he had been consulting with lis learned friends, and they had come to the conclusion that the proper and honourable course, non' that the case bad been thoroughly investigated, was to admit that they could not resist Captain Petrie's claim. He thought his Lordship would be willing to admiat that some parts of this case bore out the adage thLat "truth is sometimes stranger than fiction."t There were some portions of the case which every gentleman must admit the defendants were called upon to investigate, but they were now willing to confess that Captain Petrie's claim was a proper one. His LORDSEP.-I thinL- that is quite right; I am glad the case has terminated in this way. At first it truck me as one of the most ludicrous thin"s in the world that a man should have tripped in the British Channel, and dropped his boxes of gold into the sea. Bat the truth is, when the thing becomes thoroughly sifted, I am satisfied of the correctness of the case. I think the underwriters would have acted exceedingly wrongfully if they had not fought out the case to the bestof their ability; but I own Ifeelassatisfied as a mnan can be by hearing an exparte case that Captain Petrie has made out his case. It is clear, it is abundantly proved over and over again, that he had the means of having the gold in his possession. My notion is-and I have repeatedly expressed it since I had the honour of a seat on the bench-that very raTely you will find peoepI commit a fraud unless the thing is done and completed in a very short space of time indeed; and to doubt the plaintiff in this case would be to smppose a most elaborate scheme of fraud on his part. I must say I feel satisfied-of course keeping one's mind in reserve for the other side of the question-that he has made out his case; and I cannot help thinking, brother Wilkins, you will agree with me it is more honourable to a set of gentlemen with whom I have often had the pleasure of being concerned, the underwriters at Lloyd's, for them to acknowledge the plaintiff is in the right, and to pay him the whole amount of his claim rather than compromise it. M1r. Sergeant WaLNcs said, at the time he suggested a compromise he was pronosing terms to four able counsel whom he could not overreach; but it often happened that in cases of dispute about propertY, although there might be offensve pleas, yet counsel, knowing "1 the chances of war," to use the term, did often compromise in order to bring about a more satisfactory state of things. His LonDsseP.-Well, I really do think, if I were in Captain Petrie's place, 1 would not compromise this action for lesis than my full demand. On the other hand, if I were the defendants, I would either resist it, if I had a right to do so, or pay the whole of the money if the plaintiff was entitled to it. Mr. WATSON was sure that the result of the case must be held as highly satisfactory to Captain Petrie, as it was a verdict for the plaintiff after the matter had been fully investigated. A verdict was then entered for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. This case concluded the business of the assizes.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TJIrES. Sir,-Wilh regard to your leader in ie Ti,2S of this day on the sale of poisons, permit me to state that a law exsts bly whiich any person who " dealzs out arseonc as complacntlyasapoun of gs~ renershimself liable to a penalty of 201. In June, 1851, an act was passed to "regulate the sale of arsenic." In the case to swhichl you refer this act w2s gro°ssly infringed. Inask, why is the penalty not enforced?9 T ,n, rn o;el A -eHAR1ACE-TIUCAL CRYUST. Aug. 26.
VICTORItA-PAL .-jWith the view of furthering the cause of temperance, leave was given by the First Commissioner of Works, in Jlune last, to certain " total absti. nence' societies, "-Bands of HIope," &c., to assemble on different occasons, and march in procession through Victoria Park, and for a time no bad consequences resulted from this indulgence. These useetings, however, eventuallv led to some of another description, and the park has for the last few Sundays been stuxdded by congregations of different persuasions, listening to the arguments of controversialst. On last Sunday a note was taken of the various meetings which assembled throughout the day. The following is the result:-Two Protestant ministers addressed the multitude ; fivelmmanueltites, of whom one was t a atoman; five " total abstainers," and 11 infidels. Amaong the latter were two or three who used language of the most blasphemous description. One speaker gave utterance to sentiments of which the followiDg fragments will serve as specimens .-" If there is a God, he is the author of all evilf "The Deity is unknovrn to man " "All crime emanates from a belief in God;" "He knew nothing of a God." We need quote no more to disgust our readers. In consequence of these truly discreditable proceedings the First Commissioner yesterday issued a notice, of which the following is a copy "Victoria Park.-lTotice.-Rlepresentatiens having been made of the great inconvenience which has been occasioned the ractice of Sunday preaclhing i7hich has recently obtained in this park, and of the blasphemons languago which has, insome instances, been used by the speakers, notice is hereby given, that it has been determined that no further meetings for the purpose of preaching, &-m, can be Permitted. All persons are, therefore, requested to abstain erom attending soch meetin, and to furnish everyasist. Once in their power to the park constables anid others, who &ave directions to prevent such assemblages as those of w4is*5 con7plaints have been made. By order of the Com. amismuers of Her Majesty's WVorks, -c. Office of Works and Public Buildings, 12, lYhitehallplace, August 27." We eannot doubnt that these instructions wilsceiveall dae attention, and we trust that no recurrence may take place of exhibtifons 6o disgraceful to the public parks.
RAILWAY rNTELLiGENCE. Mrn A lftf '- = < . The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. J. D. Lowden in the The SEcrm-4my read the report, which stated that the act rdpealing all the former acts of the company, consti- turin it doc copany only, and aleteing its name in ac-1 cordance with its new constitttion, received the Royal a gsent on the 21$t of July last, By this tiot the capital of the company is put upon a clear and definite footing-its objects are defined. and its op erations brought within reasonable limits. In fulfilment of the pledge given at former meetings, the directors now call upon the shareholders to consider the expediency of proceeding at once with the works authorized by the act. A. plan has been piepared, showing the extent of the dock accmmodation proposed. The traffic of the Thatnes must in many importtant articles avail itself of the great facilities afforded by the dock and its immediate conaexion with London by means of the Tilbury and Sonthend Railway. The directors strongly recommend that the construction of tlhe dock be at once proceeded with. The report of Mr. Bericley, the engineer, states that the portion of the company's land at Thames Haven gives them the power of making a dock of abont seven acres in area, wlhich will present a wharf wall frontage, opposite to the railway and station, of bstween 1,10 ad 1200feet in length, with an entrance from the rier wth' lock gates 50O feet wide. It is proposed t-o excavate the dock to the level of low water in the river, which wil afford the oportunity of vessels entering and leaving ltyh dok forfabo; two houra before and after the flood orie, and admit of adepth of water notlessthan 12ft. beingalways maintainedin the dock. Theade ofthe dockoppsate the railway will he faced with a brick retaining wall, so that vesses drawing as much as 11 or 12 feet of water wil always hheable to layt ed d deliver thei the railway truc Toe Id tater the workhsn o ene t would not exceed f 0,000 The balance-sheet for the half-year showed that 7,2391. had been received, and T,4501- expended, The CHAIRIL?of wan movingrthe adoptZon ofethecreport, statedh that fromquis hae had madofferof there wa. nprobabiit ofbnt there ilbuoy Company purctheaog the land or maoing tbe dcra,ed sohn thatthe d o ny w coue we was for theshareholders tho akethe dock . solbe It was intended to call in the existing shares, and to issue instead certifcathes of 25s. each, to represent the value of -the land and the balance at the bankers'. If they should determine to prceeuad wih theorks nc d money woulck be requredfro th shrehoder thn yar.Nor wouldI snore tane m1pershare hloe requid bring ll. hesurpuo s leand the had t disose f waswellwort 1001 peracre and0ho thought They would have had lan oraer of from 1a0n to 2^0r^ ferai acned buthere warishanoe dourtite bvalue of the land wouldberaincreased when gth dcknwascompleted. He -was determiined that the dock should be completed for a smum Iwithin. their means, whether itamounted to b0rr 45,0001. The dock when compled t w be of tra utility to the Southiend Company, andthe oa the asserance of the manaer of that raiway that there would ho a large traffi in Co, corn, and cattlefrom the dockass to the railway. One muerchant aldone would bring 60,000 toes a-year to the dock They would have a iarge trade in fish and foreign fruit and other perishable articles. He had no doubt the undertaling would be a grt con-atesence, and be highly remunerative. In reply to quesions, it was stated that the borrowing powers of the company amountedtol2,IadOt. Somecof the shareholders asked questions, from- which it appearedlthat they kniew nothin about the nature of the undertaking in chlthey held ares; others thought they had only to sai some surplus land, divide the oney, antl dissolve the company. The orcestr, having entered into further explanatieons, presolutions whereetasse wasalsothe report, and rnequestin the duretors to proceed with thenworks at once. poll was donvemainded the latter debtquestion, but after someexplnatins waswithraw . Messrs. Whetham. and Amnd westreactedft audirectors,a rerthes approceedings con cluded wit avote o hnse to he Chatingarman,ent OIXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVEIIHAMPTOYN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at Worcestler, Mr. Fenton, chairman of the Board of Directors,hpresiding.dTheumeeting wae also made a special oeede "orent the purposeeofraisig an proemount of capital ase maybe reuisite forthei puoses ofthe company, under thrge anctr19ands0 icthoriak(session 1ha50)s anfor the pur. pesoof onvertig thaes paresentodebentures into debentare st oce A a bst a o f the dirre to r' ep t has appeared in The CnslsxpectA addressed the mieeting at great length. The place of meeting had been altered from London t Worester, on account of the convenience of holding the meetings at head-quarters, where the stock of the company was, and where the documents were lodged. He thenx proceeded to enter into the details of proceeding. which had taken place since their hast meeting. There had bean a large increase in the working charges for the half-year. The working charges amaounted to te,6221., besides carriages and waggon repairs of 2,0531., which showed a large increase on the correspondig half-year. He confidently expected, however, that they would be able to reduce the amount. The arge amount expended in roing-, stock was to be accounted for by the condition in which thWao catnrages came into the hands of Mr. Ilaward. He set abut their repair immediately, and no doubt some further sum would have to be explnded in the samne manner. Of the 8,d260. which had been expended in the maintenance of way, 1,0341. had been spent in relayin g the line, but this was notto be regretted as it would put the line in a much better stae a than it was before. After remarkien upon severalother items in the acmounts, he saidl thete ere items of stamps for proxies and e-xpenses of committee of investlation, which it was thought should not be p laced to the de ot of the p reference shareholders alone, andt it wvas proposed that only one-half of this amount should beso placed. The. company had been enabled, ho was happy to say, to make very satisfactory arrangements and to settle all outstanding accounts with the London and North-Western Railway and the Alidland Raibway Companies, who had met them in a good spirit. The Mdland Company had agreed topsy them Id. Mr head for al passengers at the Worcestr, oearnaS.uheat and Droitwic stationis (on the loo line between Stoke and Abbott's-wood), Is. per ton for slmerchandise traffic, and 6d. for all mineral traffic. He then referred to - thenposition of p thiscomatby wi sth ine Worc and Hereford Crompany. That enhb°fne woueldO be a greats offeeder tto the Oxfhtord andWolverhtampto lineb. intohea agdirectors had falt,soo amcbly settlred aihncer suitot whic onde rominghe inoar thoffic they fouQimn nd pendin beweenr t theicmanrn wasenalea to put some 10,000 tons of rf the ine per annum, and it was of importance to be on good terms wt him. The sub-committee had succeeded in obtaining the services of Mr. Sheriff as general mianager of the line. Mr. Sheriff had been the manager on the SouthEasterylint, and the flourishing condition of that company must be attributed in some measure to the serpices of that gentleman. He hoped that by abstaining fros incurrncg lawyers' bills (hear, hear), and from Parliamentary struggle and by diligent attention to the interests of the copany, they would be able before long to rescue the company's affairs from the depressed condition in which they had so long been. With regard to the lawyers, he should mention that the directors had entered into an agreement with those gentlemen that no business, however insigficant, should be entered into without an order from the boear through him as chairman ; and with regard to their engineer, Mr. Fowler, they were to pay him nothing without a service rendered. He was not to have any retaining feC, hut if his services were required he was to have an order from the baord, and then he would be paido his ful chares for the work done. He now came to the Great Western Company. They had made satisfactory arrngements with every company except their friends the Great Western. Almost the fRst thing that was done by the new beard on entering into office was to appoint a deputation to endeavour to meet the Great W estern company, and to settle their differences. He had been in correspondence with Lord Barrington with that view, but he ias sorry to say that their advances had not been met in that spirit in which tey could wish. O somepretenceorotherameeting had been avoided from time to time, but ha hoped, from what bad recently taken place, that era long some fair andl satisfactory tarrangement ight be made. He beiteved their pontion with the bread gauge and the Great Western Compnywa ot generally knw, but it was a fact that while the Oxford, Worcster and Wolverbamptoni Company had no broad gauge stock- or.- plant to work, on the other hand the Great oestern Co-.. pany possessing broad gauge stock had no power to work it. over their (Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton) line.. He then rferd to the negotiations with the Suth. Eastern Company for interchange of narrow gauge traffic at Reading, which could now be carried on but for an unfortunate hiatus of three-quarters of a mnile at Reading. If this three-quarters of a mile was not censtructed by the Great Western Company, the South. Eastern Company intended to apply to Parliamnent for power to make it, and they wanted this company to join in the expense, whic'h, however, they couldl not do. He' t'hen alluided to the bils which had passed the Legisslature last session as referred to in the report; and concluded. by moving the adoption of the report, excepting the accounts -which he had referred to as to stamps and comimittee ex- penses. Mr. Vistnxi~ comimented on the extraordinary incre-ase of the working expenises of the line, 'vhich appeared at 08. pler cent. (but whiceh the chairmian said was really mnore), and moved, by way of amendmient, that the accounts be, referred to the auditors. No seconder appearing the amendment was lost. The CarAsiessN explained, and said the newv boar-d contemplated such reductions as would evenLtuallygv not only a dividend to the preference but also to the orAivinal share - hoissers. The report was then adopted; a dividend of I1s. Gd. per cent. pjer anumn on the preference shares was declared (to be paid after a month's notice in The Times),; the appointment of Mr. Sheriff as unanner, at a salary of 1,3001. a-year and 2 per cent. on the net Increase of revenue, was confirmed; and, the meeting having been made special, the directors were empowered to raise the additional 350,Om. debenture stock, which they hoped to do at 4; per cent, At prosent it is only intended to raise 200,0001. Thanks to the Mayor of Worcester for the use of the Guildhall, and to the chairman, were then passed, and the meeting broke up. SOUTH YORKSHIRE. The report states that the coal trade throuout tho last half-year had been very much depreszed; tho Londanprices, which govern those throutghout tne country, had never been so low-considerable sales having ranged so low as 12s. or 14s. per ton; and the markets, whicb, in the metropolis and further south, last year gave great pronise, have been extremely limited. The arrangements made for occupying these markets have, however, been maintained in the hope that era long the demand may increase at a remunerative price. The quantity of coal sent out of the field has consi- derably increased, being 3z04,650 tone, as compared vith.: 270,485 tens for the half-year ending December, 1S55, the last half. being invariabDly, the best in tho] on the railway have been necessarily on 4 reduced sca-le. The export trade, for which arrangements wrser made at Griinsbyhasrisentea considerable amount, zlthough the competition with the Newcastle and Sonth Wales coal maaterialy limits the profit deied from iL The former Jacing establi.shed trades, the competition from Grimsby zmils necessarily be maintained at lowr prices until the trade has attained dimensions to command a market that will en- sure a pree in proportion to the quality of the coal, whi6hI 'as a steam coal, is superior to the Newcastle, and scarcely second to that of uouth Wales. The export tradefrom Great Britain for the year ending 1855 was upwards of 4,500,000 tons, of which theYorkshirepartssentonly70,000. The coal exported being principally steam coal, it is obnous Yorlkshire ought to supply a great proportion of thedemand and it is satisfactory to knowr that not only at Grimsby, but also at Hull, efforts are made in this direction. The revenue accoant, compared with the corresponding half-year of 1855, presents an increase of about 12,0011. The directors regret to state tha' the sums expended during the past six months have exceeded their expectations, and so reduced tho available balance as to leave only 11,429?. applicable for dividend. The revenue of the half-year has been charged with 2,251 properly applicable to the revenue of the preceding six months. The charges of the current half-yearhave thus been increased. by an amount nearly equalto1per cent. of dividend for that period on the ordinary stock. The total working expenses of the - undertaking for the period under review are only 45.5 per cent, on tho receipts;* beig, upon the railway, 5L5 per cent., and on the canal 20.5 per cent. ; while the workiing expenses of other railways vary from 45 per cent. to 55 per cent. The company have to pay heavy rent in respect of their use of five miles of the railway north of Barnalay, and to the GEreat Niorthern Company for Doncaster staton; and, although these are economical and profitable arrangements, they yet form considerable reductions from the gross revenue of the line. The 'weekly average of traffic for the half-year ending the 30th of June, 1855, was 1,7201., wvhie the 'weekly average of the past half-year is Zs173? The net balance available for dividend amounts to 11,429L. 5s. 9.3., 'which, after paying the guaranteed stock, will yield a dividend after the r.ate of 1". per cent, p)er annumn, leavingsa balance of 100O. 13s. 7d. to be carriedt to the next account. NORTH DEVONT. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at the offices, Gresham-honse, Old Broad-street, yesterday, Mr. W. Tite, M.P., in the chair. MIr. Earris, the secretary, read the report, which staced that the traffic for the six months ending June 30, 1856 amounted to 10,1371., vhile the traffic for the corresponding Deriod of last year was 7,69Sf, showing an increase of 9,4421. The preference shares have been taken up to an aount equal to the present'wants of the company. This issue of preference shares was called forby the difficulty in the then state of the money-market o' renewing debentures falling due. This object having been obtained, the directors have in consequence stopped the further issue of preference shares, trust;ing that the company's debentures will hereafter be takRen at a more favourable zate of interest, should the ex isting holders of debentures require payment instead of renewaaL Oat of 19,5301, received up to the 30th of June on these preference shares, 13,5001. has been applied in paying off debenture holders who declined to renew their bnds. The remainder has been expended in paying the various claims on the company, for land, works, hc. The number of 131 preference shares allotted is about 2,400, 'which, if fully paid up, would raise 38,0001.; and, inasmuch as up to the 3uth of June only 19,5301. of the abovenamed sum had been received, should there be any difficulty in renewing the debentures of the company hereafter the di-ectors now ossess the means of raising safficient money to pay them off y such caUs as may bereouired. The revenue account has to bear for the first timeall the office charges, rent, salaries, and engineering expenses, instead of a moiety, as heretofore; this makes a difference of 1851. There is also an excess of interest on debentures and temporary loans of 1331. ; these sums, deducted from the receipts, leave for the half-year a balance of 2,2381. available for dividend. Of this sum 3141. is reo,mired to pay the preference shareholders, and therefore the sum disposable for the dividend on the ordinary stock amounts to 1,924?. F?rom this sum the directors recommend a dividend at the rate of 14 per cent. per annum on the ordinazy stock, and of 2A per cent, on the B stock, which will amount to 1,8311., and that the balance of 921. he carried forward to the credit of the next half-year. The directors recommend the forfeiture of 289 shares. The capital account showed that 477,1481. had been received, and 4.58,1091. exoended, leaving a balance of 19,0381. The revenue account sh5wed that 6,0037. had been received, and 3921. expended, leaving the net revenue 5,610?. The CAnnrms, in moving that the report and accounts be received and adopted, stated that they had been now in working order for two years. From the Ist of August, 1854,.to the 1st of August, 1855, their receipts had been 16,685.-; and from the 1st of August, 18, to the lst of August, 1856, 20,1741. The increase over the corresponding period of last year was 26i per cent. The opening of the Bideford lies bad, no doult, contributed to the advantage of this company, although it bad not proved, profitable to the proprietors of that liue. This line 'was but a link in an important system, comprising the Great Western, the Bristol and. E:eter, the Exeter and Crediton, and the line to BarnItaple. The natural rivalries existing betv;een the two lasge companies had. caused seone difficulty in arranging through zatesfortheirgoods traffic, hut he was happy to say those difficulties had now been overcome, and arrangements for through rates had just been agre-d to. This was the more satisfactory, inasmuch as there -was a certain portion of the traffic which used to go coastways, and under any circumstances came on the Great 'Western line. There were projects afloat for e.xtending the line, but he did not recommend the sh areholders to enter into them, as he had no present intention of doing so himself. If landowners wished for extensions by which the value of their own property would be increased, they must not only give the land, as was being done in Ireland, but they must also find the money. The North Devon line was leased to MEr. Brassey, and he (the chairman) and some of the local directors having gone over it last week, could vouch it was kept in admrniable order. He was happy to say that the change in the moneymarket would render it unnecessary for them to issue more of the preference shares, as he saw no reason, looking at the security they now had to offer, why the 'whole of their debentures should not be put out at from 4 to 4A per cent. The capital account was just closed, though thera were some few stems as yet unsettled, bat which were subject to a reference to himself, and upon which he had taken all the necessary evidence. The amount was only 7,0001., and the point in question arose from their not being enabled to determine at the time of makidn the contract whether a portion of the works was to be constructed through rock or clay. In reply to questions, it was explained that the rate of dividend to the shareholders was diminished owing to its being necessary to borrow one third of the capital for the constraction of the line, in consequence of so large a proportion of the shares being forfeited. The total liabilities of the company were about 20,C001. to lex. Brassey, and 4,500?. for land. The report was then adopted, and the resolutions declaring the dividend and confirming the forfeiture of 289 shares were carried. A motion restricting the powcr of the directors withregard to the issue of preference stock was negatived, A vote of thans to the chairman closed the proceedings. BIDEFORD. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday, at the offices of the North-Devon Railway, Greshamhouse, Mr. George Braginton in the chair. 'he advertisement convening the meeting having been read, the report of the directors, as follows, was laid before the proprietors:- The half-year's trafric, made up to the 30th of June, exhibits a gross receipt of 1,6071.; viz., from passengers, 1,4051., andfor merchandise. 2021. The small amount of goodstraffic is accounted for by the,powerfnl competition of steam navigation, and the difficulties hitherto experienced to regulate through rates, now arranged. It is, however satisfactory to find a gradual increase toth in passenger and goods trafic. From the state of the money-market it has been found impossible to issue the reserved shares, which, with the arrears of calls, amount to 19,0211. The directors, therefore, have had no alternative but to use the earnings of the company to meettheoutstandingclaimsfor works. The completion and. settlement have been delayed by the illness of the engineers; but at the next meeting the result of the works will be ascertained, and the position of the company clearly stated. The account showed the receipts on capital account had amounted to 46,418?. (including 10,0001. on debentures), and the expenditure 47,317?., leaving a balance against the company of 8991. The CsruAss,xs moved the adoptisu of the report, asd. stated that the lessees of the line, Messrs. Brassey and Everitt, had paid. a portion of the year's rent, but the directors had been compelled to use it to discharge pressing claims on capital account. AIr. HARvEy complained that the accounts were not published in greater detail, and moved the adjournment of the meeting to Bideford, but the frotion was not seconded The report was adopted. En . Harvey then brought forward a resolution for holding the half-yearly meetls~ alternately in London -and Bideford. hut his motion was nezatived. Some conversation ensued relative to the inconvenient position of the station at Bideford, from which it appeared there was a 'want of convenience of approach to the station owing to thle opposition of the landowners, more especiallyoE Mr. Buck, who had from the first thrown such great obstructions in the way of the company that the directors nowr e.xpressed their regret they had ever proceeded with it, A vote of thanks to the chairman closedt the proceedings. WEHTEHAYEN JUNCTION The half-yearly rmeeting of this company 'was held at Wistehaven on Tuesday, the Earl of Lonadale in the chair. The report stated that the gross traffic receipts fecr the half-year ending 30th of June amounted to S,7981., being an increase of 8161. over the corresponding period of last year, The locomotive expenses wsere 9W5?. more than those of the corresponding half of the preceding year, and had boen occasioned by the inefficieney of previous repairs. The whole traffic was now worked bythe company's own engines The general balance-sheet showed an amonnt due to the company as station boalances of 3,1671. The directors, however, regretted to have to report that in this department they had reason to suspect irregularities of so grave a nature that they were induced to apply to Messrs. Quilter, Ball, and Co. of London, to make an investigation of the current accounts and those of previons half. years. So far as their investigation had gone it ippeared that the accounts 'would be substantiated if the s. -which stoad in the general balance-sheet as an asset due from stations, namely-3,1671, was capable of colleetion; bnt the directors feared that it had been in part misappropriated, andanppartblostthroughnegligence. Thepreviousaccounts were audited, and the auditor showeed that the statements laid before the shareholders and relied upon by the directors corresponded. with ihe books kept in the secretays office, but it did not apfear that the result shown by toe bools bore- the test o the examination to which they had beensubmitted. Ataneariyperiodofthe inveetigstion the directors felt itto betheir dauyto suspend one of thioofficers. From thefurther examinWton. which had. taken place,they had found it right to remov-e him. The directors did notintendi to allow- the general body of the shar-eholder to suffr laY the irregublaities that ha occurred under their administration. T-hey proposed themselves to replace out of their own funds whatever deficiencies should beascertained, anadit w.ould be theirstudy to planes the staff and the arrangements of the companY on a footing -which shiould pi-event the pssibility of a recurrence of such wrong doings. The avilX balanice of roflt on -revenue account for the last half-veer- was 825?., which. would allow ofa dividend of 31 per share, and leave a. small surplus. The capital account of flha company was at present over- 1 draLwn 3,0174 Resolutions . wou-ld'be sulemitted to a. geeral meetin~ to raise additional capital of 3,000?. -pmt_ ne gae& Mssrs QulterandBall's report) was then read. 'It stated that they had prepared, the baiance.alheet, showing the position of the company ou the 30th of June, 1856. Their inivestigatkio of the accounts generally was still proceedling. They found considera'ble oulri in the accunts relaitive to the company's goods- ,anso far as their investigation had gone, it did not appear that there were balances dre to, the company at several stations to represent theo item of I"station balances" ta'ken as an asset in the.balance-sheet at the sum of 3,167?. Were this amaount c!#bale of realization, they bhad no\ evidence of any furtoer deficiencies in the company's accouuts,ana, so far as their knowledge at present extended, the remaininig item in the balance-sheet appeared to be sulb. stantially correct. The OnArr,Arx said it -was a very great grief to him that the affair. of the company should have been allowed to get into such a sUtat that, they were not in a position to have the report earher. He thought they would see from -what appeared that the drawback on their affairs was only as regarded the present time, andl did not by any means damage their future pr-ospects. Their traffic wa?s in a state of increase. He only wished to say,onthe part of the directors that though it might be thought they had not perhiaps paid that attention to the interests of the CDmpany they mighit have done, or the irregularities of which they had now to complain would leave been sooner detected, the accotunts always appeared to bee so clear, andl were also sanctioned by the auditors that they believed all to be correct. Under tha circumstances they considered themselves in some respects the trustees of the minor shareholders, and, as there might have been some little want of attenition oni their part, the directors had determined that the shareholders should stand harmless. (Applause.) He had only further to say that they had got a new set of officers who understood the nature of the duties they had to performa. Hfis Lordshilp then having dwelt on the encouraging fact that there had been an increase in the carrying account of the report.~ te aopio Aftr omebref isusson th rpot was adlopted. A divden of3s.pershae wsthn aproadby -the meeting, and he etirng irecorsbein reele tidlte proceedings cloed iththeusul vte o te cairanand boardl. 'W OROESER A.]) HlEiiUillRnl. The report of the dlirectors of this company states that the Io ltioen of the. entire line from Worcester t-o Herefordl hadben deternmined on. The directors hadl secured between Worcester ancl Hereford nearly all the land.necessary for a double read at reasonable prices; the few landowner who have not been agreed withi have been servea with notices under the compulsory clauses of the act reguLating the pus. c'has of land; but the directors 'hope to secure the remainder of the land on equaly favourable terms withL that already agreed for. It is the intention of the directors to construct a single line, with ample station and siding accomnmodation ; and they have instructed arrangements to be made to enable the eneineer to resume the tunnel -workcs at Maslvern and Tedhbry. '"fhe works on the line between Worcester andl Malvern will he commenced as soonL as the her-. vestb shall have been carried and labour set at liberty. Friendly arragemnents have been entere into with the directors of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Hallway Company, by which t'he most desirable junctionLs between the hines will be effected, and station acconiniodafion afforded at the Shrub's-hill (Worcester) station. for the through traffic of the Worcester and HerefordE Company; and station accommodation wil be afforded at Hereford, by an arrangement with the Xewport, Abergavenny, and Heroford Company. The same friendly relations have been establishedwith theMidlandlHaillway Company. Astation willbe built in Pierrepoint-stree-t, Worcester, for-the accentmodation of local passengers, and willf be the meants of fully developing thepassengertaffl of the line. The'accounts showed that 104,6C35?. had been received, and 94,826l. expendea. SHREWSBURY AND) WELSHIPOOL. on the two lists for filing up. the four vacant seats at 'the hoard. Late on Talonday evening the scratineers (Messrs Palii and Joliu Owen, of Broadway) reported the result of their scrutiny to the adjoin-ned meeting as follows: Total -votes and proxies-for SIr. J. D). Corrie, 912 ; Mr. A. J.Johnies, 860 ; Mr. J. P. Wildling, 895 ; Mr. Henry To5thall, 897 ; Mr.Chapman, 780; Mi. Burd, 773; Mr. Holmaes, 748; ann Air. Bdger, 790. By a resolution of the shareholdlers 500. 'was awardedl to the directors for their past services, and their remuneration for future services was fixed at 500. per annum. Votes of thanks were accorded to the scrutineers and the chairman, end the maeeting separated. EAST KENT. The report of the directors of this company states that on the 19th of Mfarch last a contract was entered int-o with Messrs Cramptoci and Co., to execute the line to Dover in three sections, viz. :-Strood to Faversham, Faversham to Canterbury, and Canterbutry to Dover; the first. section to be comnpleted within 18 months fronm the date of the engiaeer's order to commence the works. By the terms o' this conitract the contractors igreed. for the first 200,000. expenaed upon the works of the linie to receive payment, one-bali in cash, and one-half in shares of the company at par. The contractor-s by their contract further agree to leave the line for 21 years after its completion, at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum and half profits above 6 per cent., and also to pay interest half-yearly, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, during the construct-ion of the line, an accordance with which arrangement the first half-yearly paymaent of interest was made on the 5th of July last. The directors have arrangedior the purchase of the wvhole of the land required for the line between Rlochester and Faversham the greater part of which has been-pild for. All the notices have been served forthe land required between Faversham and Canterbury, and the arrangements are in a forward state for obtaining possession at an early period. The works were commenced at the beginning of April, and are now in -full operation ; and there is every prospect of the line being opened to Faversham withinL 12 months from the present time. The bridge ov-er the Medwayis substan tially completed, and the cost falls short of the Parliamentary estimate by more than 10,000?. With respect to the arrears of calls, arrangemente have, been made by which a large porrtion of the s-hare in arrear have been transferred to parties who have paid up 20,000?. since the balance-sheet was dlrawn out on the 30th of June last. The directors feel warrante-d in congratulating the shareholders on the improved position of the company. They have no doubt. that t'he Ano will be opened to Faversham and probably to Canterbury in t-he autaumn of next year. The urospects of traffic imrv eth every day's experience, an -teboard cniusto feel unabated confidence in the undertaking. The report of -Mr. J. Cubitt, the engineer, states that the portion comprsig the heaviest works on this section of the line is that btvtwreen Riochester end. Gilaigham. This ineludes the tunnels at Fort Pitt, Chatham, and Gillingham, andl the viaclucts at Itochester and Chatham. These works, which are the k-ey to the time of completion, are all procreding with vigour, and considerable progress has been madle with them. Thecaptalaccuntshoed hat196,117?. had been expeded an 19,78?. rceied,leainga balance of 2.330!.agains the cmpany.The Do er xtension accuntto he 0thof une shws hat30,2531. had beenL BIRKENHEUAD, LARCASBIME, AND CHESHIRE J'UNCTiON. The report of the directors of this company states that the increasze in the capital account f or the last half-year amounted to 33,971?. The revenue account for the half. -year showed en increase of 11,542?. The ree4pts for the halfy&ear amounted for passenigers to 80,592?., and for god o32,432?, toggether 63,014?., showping an increase over the corresponding period of 185 of 2,453?. in the pssenger traffic 9,088?. in the goods traffic. The su-m of ZO.ha eenx placed to a fund for renewals out of the half-year's earinG'v The balance available for dlividend amounts to 22,0~8?., out of -which the directors recommeand a dividend atthe rate of 2lper cent.per annum, leaving a balance of 462?. to be car-ried t-o next half-year's account. The capital account showed that Z455,628?. had been receivedl, and 2,411218?. expended, leaving a balance of 44,409?. The revenue account for th'e half-year ending the 30th of June showed that c4,4mi. had been received and 3G,9151. expended, leaving a balance of 27,457?. .7EWIPORT, ABERGAVENN-Y, AND HMEBFORD. The directors' report states that, of the further capital of 22ZGO0. authorizedIast April, sharesre-oresnting2lS,520?. had been issued. There had been paid nd added to capita 80,340?. during the past half-year. The arrears of call on the old shares are now reduced to. 2,614?. The works are now in fmll activity The 'gross receipts for the half-year ending the 30th of'June ariount to 2d,004?. The net income of the half-year amounts to 12 601?.- over 40 miles of road, against 4~M 35! et earnings over 33 mileis during the coarresponding-period of 1855. This, added to the tramroad receipts and rents, and the net balance of last half-year of 7,201?., made a tota,l of 19.935?. After deducting the interest on debentures (5,6861.) -wlich had accrued in January, an available balance remainedl of 14,2491. ; and, after deducting 1,07. the amount of dividend accrued to the 30th of June on the per c-ent, preference shares~, andl providing half a- year's5 dividend on the9250.5picn.rerneshe, there rem Ained C,8.7 attecei pftereveenue,account: nut there was six monthWinterest due on the debenture debt on tlle 15th of July. The. directors thought it desirable to meet that amount (5,778ee out of the present balance, which would leave 5,210?. to be carried to the credit of next halfyears revenue acCount. The working expenses for the halfyear had been 55 per cent. of the gross earnings. against 57.38 for the corresponding half-year of 1855. Under an interim traffic arrangement with the Coleford and Usk Hailway, the directors had since June 1S been working so much of that line as was opened to Usk at cost price. i'he traffic to be derived from thoe Worcester and Hereford lne must materially increase the receipts of this company by giving a dict means of communicatilon for passenpers and general goods from the Midland and Northern districts of the kin domnfo the heads of the valleys in South Wales. Several of the directors in thiu company have, with the concurrence -of their colleagues. joined the Wo er and Hereford board. GLASCGOW, AIRDRIE AI%B MONRKLA.NLS he hfy 1 JUNCTION. S The halfnyearly meetie of this companywas held on Tuesday, in Glasgw I& eter Blackburn in the chair. The reports t the half-yearly meetings, the 20tha of. March and the 29th of Februay last, with the relative audited accounts andbalance-sheets, which, though enterd in the minute-book, had remained undisposed of, oing to a %uo un of shareholder3 not having attended any of thir meetings, were considered, and approved and coil- The report of the directors to this meeting was then re,d from which it appeared that the Lord Ordinary haa dim maissed the action raised against the company by the North British Bank and other sharebihdem finding them. liable in the payment of caDs. The pursiers werer fold- liable in expens From -the account, tcazie, nd- di, : charge, there appeared at the hulf.year etding the 31st of Jnly-last a Ifalane in the hands of the di of I0,6672' The meeting then broeeoded to elu. thee dhrDctorein-th place of Mesr. B'ac'urn, Dunlo,p, an Daring, who wea 0 to hae retired by rottion *t the half-yearly neesitr a the 2th of August last, but remianedan offEoe, oliino. oufficient nAaber of shareholders not beinh inattnda t constittae a meetig. The three pentlemaen amed were reelecned directors. l The meeting then brot e mp. :n - WAERFORD AD ;IMERIC E, - The report of th directoin of this company stwates tlab the ordinary traffic for the halfryeort wmounted to 27,t22e, - shosing an increase of 5,3SGI e over that of the eorrsoad ing period o' last lear. A& irst-clas steamer baapteso pth on betwreen Waterfordanmd Itilford without any risk or ex.- pense to the company. The Foynse li;e had been urecn opened to Adare and Rlathkeale, and the directors consider that that line will form a extension of their railway. he }Ennis and Castle-Connell lines, now in course of conatruntion, are looked upon by the board as likely to b valuable feederl to the main line. The general balnce. sheet showed a; total of 103,4471. 0; SUBMAMINE3 TELEGR?APH COMPAY.- The half-yearly meeting of this compay wsxsheld yester day at the London Tavern, Mr W. J. Che pln, P., the chsar. The Secretavy read the reporte, which statedthatrthers was satis^factory increase of tho r evenue over that of the' corrcsponding sx months inu 8Io5. -The receipts o£fne half-year ending on the n0eb of Je were a rveys lfiunproporteim than those of the haLF-year ending on the 31st oh' December. pt was therefore very gratifying to perceive that the traffic of the last six moauhs -had exceeded by a14 aall amnonnt that of the preceding half-year-by 1741., while the increase over tEe corresponeding perior of 18S amounted to 1,791th Te e number of messges transmmtted. between the ont of Janury oand the 30th of June lactI amounted to 30,8l, and the cash receipts would havc been. proportionately large, but, owing to the Cative jcometiton of telegraphic business on the continent, the directorsD had been obliged to e_pend a considerable amot wn the shae of comDmission and, for establishinlg ageneies at the principal continental tows, so asto secure their traffic for thelines of this comnpany. After deducting the working expenses, and placing 10 per cent, of the net profits ;o the reserved fund, there will remain a bance of 3,046a, out of which othe directors recommend the paymentof- a, dividon at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, which will leave 331e . for The nest account. The capital account showe that 78,1451. had been expended. The revenue mounted to 10,1747. .an the exenseAto3,gst1,lsinga b7aae of 6,6317. Renatioris were passe adopting the rep)ort, declarin g a dividend at she rate of 7 per cent,t per annum (less income. taxpayable on the. 2th of September nexte-lectin Mr f. Edwards and the Ri2ht Hon. ord de ianley, t retiring directors. The Eon. F. W. Cadogan, sJ, 1y* Brett, andoC. C Daonetwere elected directorsof the com an Mr. Q. C. Capper and Mr. W Cole were reolaect auditors. ; The proceedings concluded with a vote of thank-to the chairman and directors. TRAEEC RIETRS. l,tilc 1'ss 31cr- Total Total itailwr.as. oren. seoe chaudie 185G. 1S250 Wfeek ending A&ugust 16. ;. ; Abmgh anD Glas.o. .. 17S... ,116 . 6,141 Wheek ending A ugust 17. Greatore ..Luxebou .. 263 .. - 7- .3,134 .87 elfeatnidntD. o 1w .. - 3.2- 3 32,615 NorthStafferdshise ... 233 .. - .. - .. 7,433 .. 7,53S .YcrEh3evon .._ .nth... 35-.. uft. - - a 470 .e WVeek ending August2l. Belfast sad Bsllymena .. -.....-....... - 1,I;S .3... 41 Waterfordsndilkenny........... - ... - -. 3 5 sis Corls Bis2tIOck, and 1'ae. - mga . .. . . --.. - .. - .. 333 .. set Corksndlisndon .. .. - .. - .. - .. 2Cu .. 210 Weak ending August 2. tLondonandIZozth-Westem 637.. - .. - 69 thoud a.e 6d.7SI Sondonpand South-Western - . 1F,19 ot3,76S u . Io S ana 17 031 I d,rs U oes'.er, Shon3eld, and linoDznsbire .. .. 173d .. - .. - .. aC,rte .. 9a40{ Chester and lol.yhead . . - . . - . . - . . 6,S23 .. . iOIZ Great Luembourg .. It .. - .. - .. 251 .. Belfast and Coontyflown - .. - .. - .. 374 .. 2S3 5 Eduaive of traffia due nnder agreemet with the Iuden onR Ylorth.Western ItalseyCoinPsn -t Time returus from theist of July, IS56 include iboths in tls;esut sad coes,condulg weekal thoe trellis oZ teb lnc'siganshmrs and. l7orth Union inDes. but noe bhe trellis of the lIuddsstieid Canal. Shropobiro Uniuon, Preton andWYxrc, South Junclien. and Mranelseg. ter and Buton Bailras. i Includi,ugimalif otheMencisester, South JUnction, andAltrinsha;n receipts, Grnmsbyflock dutie&s, . and Cheseer_ield Csnal receips,s
THE QuEEN oy Ou.E.-The British nation has the reputation of being open-handed sad open-hearted. It is peculiarly accessible to appeals for justice and fair pay NTo matter how Preposterous and absurd the appeal, it as. sure of a hearing. A freepress and freespeech rcnder these appeals facile both for the worthy and the unworthy; and no person or persons with ever so poor aprini(facie case need despair of ma}ni3 a temporarynoise. If the charlata raises hisg oice in thu "dead season" the greater arehlss chances, because then another national characteristic comes strongly into play. Like all venturous znd enterprising people, we are largely edowedl-with the passionof curiosity. We strongly desire new things, new sights, new sensations. Our travellers scale the snowy peaks o0 the Alps, the Himalayas, the sacred mountains of Armenia. They wander far and wide over the great oceans, make their way through. deserts, enxloro the sources of rivers, traverse continents from east to west, hunting out new marlkets, bringing new facts to enrich science, adding to the long list of daring featsthat fill up the chronicle of Engish adventure. Bat most they delight in the arrival on our island of any raree-showfrom foreign climes- and no doubt Stephano would really have made his Lortune could he have carried out his design of i mnporting Caliban into England. The passion for the curious and the love of fair play are just now finding full scope at Southampton. An Indian importation not less curious, if more splendid and dignifeiedthan the son of Sycorax, recently landed ia that port, and no doubt somebody will male the fortune which the drunken butler missed when the fates deprived him of his "sweetmonster2. There came to Southampton. last week the late Queen of Otde, accompanied by the brother of the late kdng, tho "heir apparent" (to what ?), and an immense suite, including "a number of eunuchsand native gentlemen," who, to judge by thereports, are not thecleanes ,personages which it is possible for the imagination to conceive. The grand difficulty of difficulties was to land the chief lady of the paty vithout exposing her to the gaze of the curious public, and the grand desire of the curiouspublic w&as of course, to "have a look" at the late Majesty of Oude. Many absurd and ludicrous incidents occurred in the process, in consequence of the rudeness of the British lieges; but it -was at length accomplished, by the aid of the mayor, and the invisible dame was transferred from the ship to the hotel after many hair-breadth 'scapes from the profanation of male eyes. Since that striking incident, the High-street, if we may believe the reports, has been crowded with the curious. On Saturday the mayor, an earl, a countess, three ladies, twobaronets, and an admiral were presented to the lrte king's brother and his nephew - and several ladies of the neighbourhoodwerepresente toathe late Queen. The mayor, too, we believe, had the honour of shaking a hand, supposed t.o be that of the late Queen, which was extended to him Ithrough a curtin All this is very pretty and amusing to the Southamnpton people, and no doubit that borough is envied by all the less fortunate tow<ns of the three kingdoms. Thereisacertainpropriety inreceiving wth cour tesy unfortunate strangers from a far disant Laud; but itis onething to show hospitality to ladies and gentemenin distress, and another to convert them into a spectacle. The quiet observer will naturally ask what it all means. The oxtqueenof Oade, her brother-in-law, and her son of course would not come 10,000 miles to be frightened by the pressing hospitality of the good town of South. ampton, or to ehake hands with Mr. Aaidiew through a curtain. The object of the visit is not of a recondite character; and if it were there are persons in the suite of the visitors who are interested in maling it kiown. One of those persons is a Captain or Major B3ird. "the guide, philosopher, and fiiend" of the m.agnificent, imDmigrants. By Major Bird, or some other person, the Late queen has been inducedto visit EZngland as "easup.- pliant for justice '' in other wrords, to regain for the late Xing ofOude his lost throne and }dngdom. This most ill-advised and preposterous mission finds its advocate in Major Bird, who last vweek plainly stated his case to the crowd that hod assembledRin front of the loyal York Hotel -a crowd that kInew as much about the eal facts of the case as they did of the political condition of Thibet, and who therefore accepted the ex partc statement of the maor with cheers. We must say that procecding has t-h merit of novelty. It was a daring concption to bring the late Court of Oude bodip before the British pLblic, and appeal directly to their passions, to their best attribute-the love of fair play-inst the mature judgment of the much-vexed and long-suffering Government of India. And Major Bird artfuiay treated his theme. He magnified the services ren. dered by Oude to the Indian Government, but he said nothing of the protection accorded throuh long years by the Indian Government to Oude. HIe taked of sacrifics made in moments of need, but he covered ap and concealed that shameful story of corruption and opprecn which mnade the Govermment of Oade the scandal of India. He followed up this adroit statement by putting a hvpothetical case to Mustrate the injustice done to the lateKing of Oude, "Suppose," said he,'"-that the Emperor of the French Were to deprive Queen Victoria of her throno to savelritons from nisrule; Sup epowerflord deprived his neighbour of his house =ecatuse it wsas mism d, would the valiant burghers of Southampton submittotheec things ?" Of oOurse the valiant burghers said "Klo." But what would they have replied if Major Bird had read some Pssages from the Privaw Life of an. Eaern Eing; what what would they have sa if he had described the trae re, latious between the protected King of Onde and the East Indi&n Government, and the actual reations between that King and his subjects ? TPhey would mot then have answered "No." Oude was virtually apart of British India, The British Governuent of India avs respnbles for the Ehockdng condition of Onde. The correct analogy which Major Bird should havBesubmitted to the consideraton of the burghers of Southamnpton would have been that of- a house of -ill fa.me in the city of Southampton wshichi had become a scandal to its inhbsitants; and he should have asked them whethar they -would permit the authorities to put it downu !-Glbbc- BnISTOL Su aA-art Er,- Auag. 27.-There ha beenrathermorebunsinesdoigin giucery deac4tio I f SUar this week, at rieea gee y d. per w. low, edned is dull and dificultof sat former rates. Rumn. -The market is narly cleaed. of all offezing at teady priiet, snd the ztock in fir hands i6 Very siiall, -
SALES BY AUCTION. A ~~~~On the erer' Estate. T jrESRS. BROM1LEY and SON wil SELL by il-L AUCIN,a heMrt nThursday, Septemberl1. at 12, the DWELLING-THIONSE aned IEMISES known as the Poyal Oak, A5 Charles-etreet, StTacey-atreet, CommerdaViroad ; let on lease to Mr. Marton forl10iyears, at£S8per armunm; held for 45 sears at the low ground rent of £. Safe tmproved rental of £50 per annum. May be viewed. Particulars had of Thbomas Ovey. 1Re;q.. ldercem'-haoll; the George. Commercial-road ; place, of msae; and of the auctioneers, 17. Commercial-road. St. George's east. Eser. between Ilford and, Rom ford.-Freelhold Family Residence i its own ground" with large garden, paddock, atablings, and farmyard. AESSP.. BROMLEY andI SON WMl SELL by MLt AUCTION, at the Mart, by order of the Proprietor, on Thursday, Sleptember 11, a'. 12. a.ll tbat FRtEEOLD ESTATE, comprising Wangey Hou03e, at Chadvwell-heath, within 2Si miles of a railwray station, with the garden. end laud, about four arres In the occupation of Jno. Wmn. GreeDhill, Faq., whose teanary expires at Christmas aelo,.er, 5, onuitsteet Rgen sree.;White Harte andKn' Head Rerfosa ; Gayhund,Chadell;Angl,Jford; Swa,Srt Firs-claUss Property for Investment er Occupation, opposite the Bow Railway 'atatlon. 1IfESSRS. BROMLE'Y and SON will SELL by lY.AUC`TIOX. ni Thuraday. September 11, at 12. at the Mtart, in fasriets. hyorder of the Proprietor, a valuable ESTATER comprising four tasodern and substantial built residences, pleasantly situate, being Wos. I, 2. 3, and 4,Baw-road. oppositothe Bow Station of the NorthLor.- don Ralwa. No. 1. let. to W. Hi. Turner. i. at £60 pe annum; No. 2. letto, .u. T-aylor,Resq.at £00per annum; No.3. ltely let to3ir. F'reeman,at £50pe-rannum:No. 4.letto Dr. Gill, at £60per annuma; Itotal rental, £2.20 Held for theleng term of 06 ears;lowground rent of LS per annuma for each house. The houses are conrvenictly fir-ed up with some excellent useful fixtures, which wil be included in tro respective Durchwas. Mtay be vies-ed by permisson of the tenauts. Particulars had at the Bromley Arms. Fairfield-road, Bow, swan Inn, Stratford : of T. WV. EaLetlit. 3?4q., solicitor Dean Coletooe Wbtte Horse-street, Ratacliff; place of sae; ana of the aucones 17. Commercial-road, St. Geo,ge'sl?at. Commercial-road east.-To be Sold, pursuant to an Order of the Hig Court Of Chancey, made in a cauase of "Breacher against Re, with the apprbation) of the Judget hwherCotth idcu s at' nehed, at the Auction Mart, VodouB ess.BIME and tSON, on Thnrsday, the 1lth day ofSpebr10,at2fo1 o7eloclr Precisely. in two let-, Lf EAI3EHOLD Pr-emises, situate in Grove-street and _X* Gruve-court, Commercial-road east, in the county of Middlesex, iate the property of Mr. George reacher, deceased, consisting of five small dwellig-houses, Noeal 4.5, 6, 7, and P Grore-street, Commercial- road ast; nd, t ree emali tenemenrsea-fi.reld,so ue so ofM.Wila chl.nlcti,2.Belrbr.Lno;o ,easks, Par SikecerojE tte-nrsapfol MR. WASLTEA BURTOSEN byAwTiN T TION DatY, pReom s elwy, ontePLu es nabv,FR ampsTare.-sAnl stocellof Fam.inly Mapits, wle, abeer, 5 barrl,ceasks btLand, al1nd efiemlsVSuhmtx,foro osy t 9o MESSRS~~. BAE kerra,a LinNdrpSs haer.cie n bR.raLtostEo JU TNwl SELL by AUC-Gq l'h ophnHW othL mpon,aTohismorow,ms,Broaday3, Ldan-llonlo Thuersday et-l anbed, cmact SpunTualy 400w los Gof rihSlKSe, an thenearalo drapry, hosery sa co aberdagsnbler Onvewha Maynsior. prchdtote roadtLhroughar ecvellenot taeily Manrioun,ewith abu la 7 placures.o Laonds, wag ithi en gavrden,o Southamporn, fau(Tr ofvuaey,atnd 19ofss Ma emSr's. IE and bhdsctae StbiOg fS hoave reeied ive om etctos to utbWaa SELt. by t87aUcTIO Of atmthe. oPastrn aotel Southlampton, Tonmorrow. laugst29. at x.mina oenelt, fra verymdesrabl h'ar; fromonthe a0t nobl Mliabchthau Manion hapvingh beom thell road threong paym aenue ofafiet trees, sroundedvety alawn, plem. thu gredernerths aenduaiif neotaglyes,i atorebl- ord T0horses,tetenfrsIve woodt-lanmd; elunderal lroease, atd from ina ltrnat,i bo ermg of 21 year fro th 20tof Mrch 110 ouc atem hain bhee usalyit ymet f fneat ir ed fmaey oveniyears thu rendringthe enur nealyeual o frehol.oTis eorstate frsham frT-class freientialo properly, and frompi sirhatuatin, bteinginth cEntr oa Soo sEorInS dintrd withNes aeesdifcthedb fa rthe ruet o thigee Roya Moros Dat a and oterhnt, piers ratoSL adbtae toC Atgutrac9v andI hrealthy. positiSEn. Patcuarsimay bReHotInEd of gesrou.-fPerarce,hilin,e SO netdewrete,ndiv Pace,lslainior, Grcnvnentb. houe.iEg- old, el frord-siceais at the plaer fnsale; andu of -Messrsf Tooaey-sotree -of aeo vsinluabndle GeronRehnts and otersehl iIESR. aanseLLus placd near tre dtilecwda y St thena R.L AsIgnee TOfMsRNTODiNe andl HamErL toySEULbyAC TMN on the Premisesar, I0 Tonon,ey-stenez. ay,thwpt. Tn-morrow, adwEASnglEusHOLD GfOrU1D years at. £10 per pernnum about 11 Yewaro issinglaout(of variousets),g fromverbags ande-n akets of tad ops, two e ceant prollcing amtachne of;V0pr ias annm superior witrIglasspctt ing maybe adof esrs.Wary,Robns an Brge, olicitos, ewainn; f Msss. awanr low, nd oyr, olcitrs 1of Old ewy.. Tohamboierr; alo, wIthc atalotues, o-H.H. teans fold e oOlel0al assigee.liscapgha0l-0strect;eon the prmises;and ofs quantity Elli Wande 9Son auchionerl If. Fe.cues-let 1LR. PAGTOETO will SELL by AUTONat the LYEoomsth Muto LedMarclnlosre ndomonrowedesAy,gSet. 10, at 12, h isuigout of anarsg fTTINRo vdaOrson LP iresa ndlutrade0 premises, iner Deulgid.blyokia, inG Warick oew- town,iamdil. 2Iteadigute, fair et and Producing a rental of, £ 400 perannum, togthe waith proper tyi hand,eofthpe paes tomate=au ofpaeldlin euly nal£00 pr amomar, offein egstend porivteDwings, adroining the Londonaned. Brigtaonetorn. pieread,; and atheldb gotodnenantofcs, a a. roenta-l o£0tO. pranm Thetvenuei leaseh older fr ther o hrich legart woere Furnexpireda ichaclesto las, batasgroun reint ofe£viper anum.GI, Partiublars,with Efe&ndtosoftrd2e,maltesboubt saredslhing lin; fMess.W Ro n o. slicWtos,bg toneresiee anoineehteist;ad.if r.ctWin. Thorn mtton aoeranbl aCtoAneerTIeigate. eVrrDaso o 9 ToSAintioner,Boosell,teTrls, ndpter1arFUNReams not PaEr,ECTSRofass IFool rsidnce, .0 cnvelpes,g20 groses Copy-ooks,tmuntit of Waste,a r9,000i Schoot Bookd, &ho, ab-latadpwru oe glses.ansm PAG ved cefoler SELL by ler A aInd atthe Upper Bookms, 2r etaThoLsasl-iirfea To-monow.augusth29,_at12,oth laIK f SAIKJONEEtSad hOasrecLe,iveluinstructioPsalter 60 Dan'sA0 books 2U2T0N PinoT1ck' ay, theeh 200 o eDoddbrie' Riex. aundes Progres,4l0 disbozdokf 1,400 3d di1trato.0 tash' primerl, thPAe ings 4=andwrsi geWnea IltNSeir. hlat abgouvaewenCtacogup at the roos; aecnd atthedauctioners ficesorn, olemeanstreel.ydaw in-rooSale.dbyorde~r,hof y4thohel5ft,-l ant modern, ForuiturDe, e2ual t 6new handsome Chplao ertrae"h,l Codt. iah= vluabl ee ryrrs Prom i of reints a doatnings and numeouse n hiolyesiaumbl perona Efeca-, suihamped toGleadabloutfor m esn-e. vnsOer yb Tis±aybmlto. publicestOrpETITIO, H e-at ernaerons uro.0 uen-street, tozwoodor framingw Roo un-tretety o-oro ofri tahe ug Wate).oa11 te-vr EnperaiorFLP, UtadEF TSoa lTareresidenceounapriiihgthe nf ELT.oaby potensfthdrwg glases, hanidsom cahrvedaeyfoer andA tabes anM terrwn sudaEFFECy, incuding ol theuulescoe dinn als otypaeas paloee droomsg areo fppittdnthmendsomtet f caredlrba esedn bedingo co-is rmelete, ardroes, drwr,fentns,Suslscres a larefestFhllelimea. Mxay oviwdhmr,gfsl, ntaa lutofluers-eOffthes inAuctionee.13Plra ire. i Vauale a aer r oklcl Gro-Thdeased, amTown Rsidgeoe,wtpossin .Lt; .iERES.i SELL by AUCTION, nTe yoheS fSne~ net fulessrdusyiisoeoftbebytq riA;atoedeoeotased,.nthe valeab u2bLEA oIMa RisVlDGROUND RENTS.O heldat agound rent, r3mrin 10_ bers-taaqandeerndarlaednnpdd tes the.ro res,oelt ogan 31 aaftdraw- lagloomwan Louderpwlibrcary ft.wao' laft. antenrom,nt dining room 2ft.e 6Ll din.hys2 Arms capitaloentranc-bali andtatlrw..e, with ever adomestic onrenjlenee. ouble* coah-hus and9 Sebivet-slactbe. iacnethe rear, withamp a a ouesnte rnmear; o0 forw Ien-ersan Cambove-.May el, vnirewe byme apin ratineto -theet,an.tinesr,7,Prk-streetI,ad~2 GrSvet. the Waterloo Banqne~. Engravings,obidrEffecfs INSSRS. NORTON, HOGGAIt, and TRiST, beg t, rbmthe potblio that the Ymiees PEOP1RTSML adyerUmas t0. 1SALE~ at the Mart% Toi mosrow, at A2 will be offred- in the follw- ptafelft--mFrsholad Dwelllng-bouie, 21, Dnke-atreet. 2, hurrey.-Freehokt VZsta, ,,tutnt ia Ognda-paik, betwaea Walton-on-Thlames anad Weybridge.- 3. E blk-Tha &ankl%Ud6EAtate,altQAt0 in tbOW0artahOsf ClechWarron and Torrington St. Clement`&. £- Hartfordsire.-Froebold E4state situAte. nieu RujUtingford. 1tV0dton.Purk`sidg` aud WeEtrail, in two lots. ~ 1 TUARSH's ORDOER of SALE- at the Mart, .LTI. ~ .THIS.DAY,atl2forl. _ 1. Th HteversiLO tPrOpety11,laltte in Goawel),tret arid Cityrmgal 2.083 Freehold and Leasehold Houwes Pimalico, Citebe,Ntl il Ed& w-rno.d, Regea&sVepar ToFAa; & lisa,Xj rattinr-ell, Buxtn, CaplsM-od,andliortbSeet 5.Cmerei . eaehlditd-Oses, BQckingbaXX1`*reetk PsIHoO, and Clarnce- terrace, Chetaca 5. wo Ieaacl,old Houses In Harmood-sie Heenpetead-road, 0. 11 L eaftida Houmea, inGaoy-lce Mn-ad * Pjtiosaamybe obtained o6t the Mast; And t n ari ofloea. TO-morrow, (Ofriday). at thle ar,at 12 for. M1.DEBENHAM 1'%4f SELL, in ton lots, THFREE- 3pH OULD G nOU with 2of) N£a. per2 annum, amply msered in otne,lste,fo Angltsermo l9etatrs,ent sevnmouse.not.gto I jeruculvm, ofRs ground adoiiG, tile wh;6oldero therr anua realu gofn rn -l010ler To-morcovw Ipridayl,a 2fu, at thle Mart,,u fe )LIEL. DEBE2NEAM ais istreLL, undetwa ord,eTWof SLLI thtfllowbint OOPYEOLD DWOPERING-UoUSt wi To lage, gardenshp, No.1.an U, Lond oik-place. on ah hieagnt rope, andf hearth.yedo tatin, uoxprlooid tier London-Odas, andm withne 2aIf an hgourns walk ofthe city; letd .to renpctabe tenants,yatxrents amountineg of46 SPer annumn.t Bar. lohn soorsland -vot for tert a consty.,Tree cislas o te pemsts ad a M. Dbehaa'alcee, No. . Chatshdm- To-mrro (Frday amthe art at .2the1 MIIR. LEBEWHWM wXSELL, by AUTwONt, atRheE Aitonatret nge-lae, et t rntas aouting oto mi0 perannum,i annum andSeve unfnishe Houes, nusully ell audsutallntable, ereced,desraby stuae i themai thrnblae,ondenow astut 7it the recton o eigt me borderhof tes Tnbstett arunJe rheWnt of the per annum. Particlars Jobnth Breinaaes; ofAI.WatsF M Rfce. L0CeRpaE. il ELb UTO,a h To-morrow DTAY.y) Aast the art,M ath weI!-uor 1, S IAR.D cornerH AU&EandiO inwhructheb,utnesofu order of LI,th follwing EaSEHLD eRPSilthES;LotwI Toun nMe. wLtERoEV woi. SELdL. bvszpAUCIO, onthhghmal thew Prth, hedfornouneUpioed stermof 171yean frowm,oJuned2,y5. at, 2,atgon rent0 of£5LANK, del~and ttt erise o 120 sqares o ftaoering ably Itncraedrntalsg. Ltcoo Acrial te edulee, 1o4 3e chatha-' planey, Wcaffolh plet, bon aaend cards thAreesee workbellesxpires Pardticsulas of traeor.-Green andAlic. soldicitors,trecel- Hmprte adk eliTors Caommrcand Salemlto. A St Jincing-lane;etr rJoamesHstl slRtr. PEEar-tre BlROADers at th MaEt; and At tlelIrcofth autiner ab0,e ChOn Wdne.dW ebr3 t1,teLAEo IR. LETEW BROD wllSELL by AUCTION, a h £2 e annu:as oeyo the Fr aeBdy eholdHouerBandtl%o a1th Newort-court lt Mr.Pa omprisingntpeabnunm. four-betnewd obyermissteandps, -tdcilgsbedandofes.Thoorn,E u.,soiitor, 17. Beg-rl Hampstead-road. Sla orlsling Pan M -LSPEAMANwi SELL bY AUCTION,t ath th at,I DAY.m Agusto2, at 12,0N t- e mostPAR boftth t,ailyerected L.3erSeHODtREd1E. catclrompRisDngeigh-at,oll stabl,V; Groe-read, Stet,atfohdbill. aneied teWrm 3pearin.n 5 roudfrent otMayb iwd andatclr hdenontil prtdc--.e;f ie Ecq,goliitor 28 OldBurlnitn-etreet Catriendoarot;ad at ile auc-h tion office.. Cardengtrchstreeoneyampttead-r ad. On il PrtlndEsate horer o the3of thaus the,unele WiL of tl TA[ERLACEW ut b wisoELLoofe by priCtION trat th4e Bedfrd-rvr.AugDAY5.Auut2,a12,tewl-itLES- HOalD.cRener HOUSe aod SHOP, peatumbcltl undneveraofoh puaser lasbe ucefllytmredt on fo gnlmany2 years, cotae.radnystae anM EingRSt. B,rUrtOnCstreet crnserofuCirnyeter-pacle. t Mr oebne theldto an unLexie bAUTerm of 21ea,athe loweam- gROun gIEnTYo an, anvxtsd lto tnleae tocao trWhe1te,ofuSebem begrl resphet able tinanthe city of pernannu. May,NO be fewedby ermision, adD orITionless ha ofd e.R te, Eicsq, soicto, 1ig. Holdern-eAue. at6th Gart;i anomethold etioneere Careimgov-teet Hmptederanew.a affScoc. unaTrmbefDea erabdnBuilder. .NIESSRS. B LLOSEL bMyVL .aUtION, on the- 21 Ng olborn Union-turee Soneretown, A n Mcndeu , OSept 15 aOLD 00 EFFECTS inldeals dawnd tend, 120 squ aresofaSoarin,. 10,000asfts rseatlngoo0doorsut ad ry ut uff, c pulpit,s1 benchesbl, in mabngety, twafoo polaes oard,ad hejordso Pladdorers, wurged ndhesiool aommduensiinmaradeerieandton oiew,ardfingbronzesref anmportad- to itailors, and gy,iro,e-ndj 3,Spam-ebstreet,[ Pcand leaye. M/R. PETEURBERO will SELL by AUCTIO oN, V nasrrowe on yWednsad 2, Setembefrl3, anth1o PieLeAsE th1 dspoedo byE privat cotha e fiverng fconiity Oilfh aSuerordmedtoatl tou onrabnter sxmti oubeein mgoat dehabldsituae fpais moanyy baous cribvate esablschment.ie,Maythesu benced,strs,anprtiargs. had ofwter, Peter I ferload,28 PofltrysdTle fasesldfrniture and stock b vinewede a' the goldiby auctio on tarie same day.y-han QnaUt-cout, Chneer-stieet, PaigeAc mbodiolly.oil,._ IA. PETERS BROCEAd CAr will SELL byACI, IT Uonthe Premishes. Iton enesd,Setmr3,tl. ath AOugst 29,Da fu rSU ewoTdR WO Camrdun mahoan four-poelT AndE otheoirbesteBads, edding btEda dressing rooEesrequisitaes cabintgano dning loeood ocasional, lmbaho,ganydoinier table chairs, cou chs ide befasras, bookcase chimy-lasbes, charpiers cppena,glas, kueitrcllen e fuistites. ce.mprosn the StokcknTades, conisting ofblz aedboutes0 picda tarimminf:s, lftaistoatieces. lare quantictyar,uogui nsloh,dikMotd,elvt Furnitare, eabietns ianofos, an, sewigng ik thread saetus of thrtrmins fourpenterCourtddremeros, antvrios ecs.O Miwtedaty parior.u Catalgees on thedy,pepmios;er of a M. Pfor12 Broad, 2s3,maogny Poultry.lut,anl-ar MRSP RlA wilSELby AUCTION,oth rs 4,adgmnoe atgrve sit Mat To-morrow, u.2, adfoni ayat 12,OrE-RIItl)PART o theSIgO c0lud05s.o rpert CFents. Particlas,oG wit. Doiabeld s. beoingterin2d ewardrobed-strbeot;aft-the r;ands~d&Igro ut of Mn peran,rs, aedlhsect aotidcabes.-Throewolean Vclarpetsiadenrtaln rotitg £22yary n meet dresd,Paental situate. 3,e3, anTd oak Clroo-ro.dallsnrt th ie. SalE ohai butiasst he i reuionito fes,b usrivape eredagy ofglmWInteres o Ma gentlema 2 earsofedageio. nd lIgeshd t S eRs. BULoCter be r esl ctma l tomaI VlTabknow atehl thve sAebys aUCTION bof Gthe4 aboe.,atme -PRDiteETIfVY,advertiscets totk tlac ointhe Statiofo Sethembr atuthe powrfu toned Barret ra, pISDA.Auigusace music 1, and1 some, ote tEn fftets, gge under a da nbnrPtcy.fSc,te ,]o HOL ESSARS. BULL-TOlKrillt SELL,d ats thoeruiir uaoosu, OcLD teriveCTa nc3luditngodrawingk,pndu ,tnt oo capets looka aincet twosq-huares and Phre pIccl bais-ooe,gsne and ie dure, clcas pitres,a sieofrds, reveraum semteof di1n)iangpeable`0&omlaf vofth lordng, mandpouy,irn, and janedhearltendslo rndcealn bd ding. ineral endlsinle warrobs,bookcas= ens, andn genra ofurnishingb Ringaato-tree, Hebom-andsmetobgethoser Fto ings. an 11/FR. C.FURBER wil SELL b abCTON.XB Thi[VA..morrw IFday. Auust 9. a 12 ofl onivthe cprem ise,the M tRePULaIC-oro USE hm dequittingsc unsit ofaemopeldrmea t Gcunerix-oin beer benie,t handomred Spaish iamahoganysr cint,o gSEI chndlir seCTtles and tnhes 'Wnsores mangles bavrn Hewter thlsintayan On minrSdof salte,beand cataoge ha for3elin theprmes ander notice will be given, ond under gush conditions as will ba then and imem produced), -avery desirable piece or PASTURE L&ND, of about Si acres, situate in the Albion-road, near the Thatched-house Tavern, -stB]radmore,inthe parileof Hammer-smith ithtipsiadloadingfrorc inr-Atreet to thaNew-rod Bhephezdl&-baaL, and offering a ronrtage of abont245 feet to tim Alblownoa w-ell adapted for building onL ir thakt desirable anda improving neIghbourhood, and has the advantage of drmiinginto the commonsnewerianthemmanroed. For further par ticulvarsnd to trest for the sae by 'private contract apply (if by letter, fres of pDortals) to -M.r. George Sutton; solicitor, Salla~bury; MEr. RichardZhrall, jun., 19), Essem-stocet, Strand - or to the aulacioneer, Broadway. Hammersmith, where also may be Lad. 11)days priogto the sale, partcciumsa with plaLns sndconditloasof sale.- lIAR.~DWINFOX (the 3uctioneer appointed) will EL-SLL by A-UMTObTat thelinee Inn. Canteebmet. intbe county of Nest en8oatuday next, the 30h Ammynet.at.lfor 3 o'elockin the alitemoon, purar-sut to az Order of the HIhCourt of Chancey, made, inihbeans "Be-away. Sparket5" with a probatscw ofthle Jud to whose Court tho sai cause is aLttaclsi TWO VREEHOlM FARMS, situate in&eopariah of Heraae,andThree Piecegef Freehold EnuildinigLand,_anda 8fnety of Two otherrPlecosat Hore_-lag infour lotg, az fol;ow%a;-Lntt AFreehold Facm;knowra as Loves-atedtuate Anrther.F-arm,caled Gmuen~iLL, situate inHems afOresad, wntal,nig by rdmeasurement,.26&. r. 41o. of land. - Bothithese farmsareoin the occupation of iMu JanmesAhrao under A lease 'which will expire the 11th day ofOctober, 1826 at the ,oArLreySnt0f4= s.2L., supject to deduction of quit rent. cAurch rent, an~ lAnd-tax, amountingn the whoe t £7perannm.Lot3. haS Pltsof Freehold Buld' W vr 4T mAa SON will tubmlt -It, int lta Oot-Z unli at, OnTuesdar, Seao glut-t at WaltbwAW'. Aw, at peasan unde Ise, St Z=lw ~l5i,As~beaetr -ateo V7 wowdas*vs agabilsieh a~~ ~~ pleWa sant a" supestjer tam- asi&sue - hwn, and swares, - rTaetfielsa% wit dans. 25iJ~ .s*anetatth AnitnKart; of Mea,rm 3fewpas, - ae. Yairll Soueue~and Of 3141611L miu I atelL-rugmorsHon 2, 120dmOatS-lad n-idmene, saandu;j Ia - ricly imere gouns.with a comipact Farm rof above 30 acrvs, and xtesive(knrece Rule,witbiut half a mlet of tbehekeft atagr Statio on the Reading andRegaeRailway andu fac 5ndk ofth rbroghStation on the out etr tlw MESS . 3DA1NIEL SMT &d50 ill submit M to pblic SAL,at the Ma$onTeda,Sept. ig, atIZla0vad aft asoepAabe offer obaibe p ,~ete abv deOrae ATZ, siwtuaein the hue hatyheat 1rourd Blewtw h hoes. ix suited for a moeaetbih atit,ad stao(l plaaeirtrd =k-U, padock,with an oiaetipiece at wAte. su td twL superb ola oak and othrbmbr nbeltg and little groves, nd is altogether a gentleman's style Of Place, With a 14~eahlve farm, about bail grslnd, partly ooneedby the river. anreavlabouera' cot. heehom-, andth oniegoea.-esialeomparattvel esy low.Ae, oiFf would be entrtained fortheResience and abu,0aresmsdn i S.and DlAo NIELomy ehd SMT Partcular aONd M BELL byta thU chO nns at thekMatrk.o TBanoyj eto t. 1adat 12,and direction of theEiAucatioo at;e laed eGses.Danl rmith' alder Soa heotainbed.AEOMRSEKNE ntebs adia u m ofacdogn-plare, Obelseniampesrbl eascehmftinoldEaidten,wst Esoliitr, . BdfordL-row; T and otM ssrs wll S ELLjja Bo desioablT LEdesirable FAae of eltEn thbetaneotaiypr fm.itwlseen fo 'andunexpirdbterm of po0 years, taond en o£2.L pariublas OMy e hadN at the Aucrtion MaTuesday. WSBNer Et,e MOdiator 12. edfordkow aunde an Macc Smith andeSc lanpragents an elanterlod-lae, Pasio-al.ona dstese it T111 tlo, withe resblRtartu eQuof teln Lodrge, oo ntarbloidg,exbelln iYL pulic CMPETIION, ithe art, n Tueda, ando,tcvery the atd ms a12 teok (un b Clessa beeptabla offe b at s iofl Mmade thne andRboven veo dciro Cable rb~ou ESTAJq conpusnganiel Smit sode Smandsiontgn, ndeaesal,i h whouefaly,oomiW,medtteotfices, goo rap ng,exelen gar.ns H.n or HEnta ITeTughans, eureueived by mall wetiotVimbered pahe TTithe noratledg tpon the tub pk rad, atd tve ry Roalu aitefGrm,. ont Thau'sdY honeber sodall necleak buings,e Ia-t boon prcseyotinie&. altlogthe aTolutble ames. iLD ringTfec,ondiatl in vrhihotder, endefotmn pvryducie meadoe esate. otuaetie mew wishNing lto frm ord certa ajiniongcommandin af Dreetfoble Tenrnt Ai abe elomoation wihnanhotd.ear ofThep -estate. Par ticullarsnwth telans Batod e EiueFreehold Chpland.gtotan. th twn MRAt~ W. H. HEWITT buS LreeeiVed instrutona t ib DrLorby onCThursday. ethemHart, THI3 oDoK in the after.yo noowtn pextl, in s2Ifors baluabt 7cok,a le E iOL ble EST CTE,osiatlogA1 uPwROsERT23 amesf Trodnctiy mhaeado lRand, tmsituate na iowdelua-itreet,uandcoe, amDsoining the town of thcattormct rer waten. al aoming datonand The lrIrrty.wlhi binle t stme, iclnt teenants atelow ren ts, aounisng mot be200 3f. puradugm Mayched riewdeds of curmiedo oit thet tien,nt, and-owelle as wid orth paS hadtono atleui sotl Peartod; art the Arand Marti ofr Hofrs.l mybllSewrard andth %=royd eaotstra.41. mei ndcolu's-iln-itods of. Bessrns. oo-equr, ircf 3fegr.mzandad w atelry. n oliciors, 8 flrc inoolin'-indelds; and a h oteauctionee' ffce. 11, Hart-street, Bloomsbery-square. CapiW mHdruharntie. Leamnoitgtolnylae rn .etoE 1 ESELLS.-COION.at h VMart Lb A CTO, TID hHhao Auut nhextir foors hMf-.s 1ford'rctcrican eliibe PCOntSeA.To In rranehatrm-seuar. p tallmeethedespirablepr iod he attNractie;wate lodtg-pae Theian charpels, whI choisbuil of stoe,d ind the al decohateddn stmyle, n most be andlfu buin ,rerectedsregardless of cost itconain upard of400siting, bilscar lbable ofconsder-l ableenlrgeentat vey salloutay,thee sing endrcs adjoinings- Mar; o Meess Bnne an So. ollltos.1 lowemahu Thsunresdof Neor. '-Vire-ard ad arieha,re,slcor s,uper inor lneFualtnn re, and lt ESSR&S OXENMAM vill SELL by AUOTION, MV at ther Itremis, 333 Oxford-street. near 2 the Pvteoysue.rTomoem UNU ludin:rbanmorpot zn seksonar bedsead craind fonrfour standos, lse.A.aatte, rosewooladzb o d, cand mfaoaide chtoairs. aofd casuchis, and e yccasionaslteofdcwriting, te ard, libary, otalitnal. ss.dset ofdinng able, pdesal nd ncls!dsdeboards,Ee bookcase,g im,grnd, othtTHe. Dpiomo.And cabinet pianofortes abyeminent makers, trusel anPET other cadytof chandlir, dUcomraive items theiw df ome-ticarequsiers. andnumer beffects. Mpenag esiie on t-hursdayu and monefingwof salue,taiectablgeshand.cbnt,gt'eeinve tNo.~ aud tyre-peresgardnsltwoelepu crsupeio Modm Furnituere andrr mouu rench itt. foreNzA pooWil daisEL by OaTT,anloTOer valmabe, ndonttePremtis,ong Tuiemsda, ep. Z at.; the erryw sperwior mocldernebok n 'hIteB uineltuedog terun rlibrr, caurtains forefour windowens, rpseroo cuian brawueoidlC Chairs,oftas, nsid be otoans and tess chamirs, e casoa, and wrineol ing o tables umoraamend an itm, Sainingroom candrS9 Caige-mo loo , nole peestl sdbad efdnn talesgl, Cbrseys carpEtsn, . inthe. bredlcametFrseehold fouidndcesr poe besteds nd angigd witbeding cl plt,nraes,wah standS.wrf adoe,ga.s Bc,;Lthe funitr SON lbavecoendr e inets. ctay by trewi ponphrsdayr and morin b f sale,Iandats-h lergn.s al, alsouatMehr. notaenhane'ay.offics,b5, r2ordat2fret, na th theheolown.ylal IOETF:Tood'~milHn.s !d.ute i Henh21l.trenSingongh Penalace-gardens, meat , R1eeieldRSho n rm. Astaei RUH O theand JsreVtS bouei toe occuatinotfy that THI DAYbsoSAgero ath21eptr anthe -abrelre-an tris-ets,hedPrOPebrTof aelady ofran, wuill comprisaoethefunitured of foubed ch ambuerors,yand wthe bveautfu copeiedigEsfthae drawingu roos, incl tudiongcarved andugilt conabileglsarrgecdnches,and dttoorams tatsnItchensculem elltwos,egantcrsta glascadllr,aer walled ardenc dittoisfor poreltG ain,bu rwnof bhy Oaley and oth er ralu; tbreeso ineryestingioblepltso- busic,g, tgmoroun,w a stale wl Incluetehosadteunire of the l-ibrary,o hall lantnp and domrvins %tic paritmrents candipfer,culnrtensiloddo, Catal otogesrmay e, hadeon thMpeIse'B rend ttes on Tces of Septmbr. 2nshworthrand foaloin, dasa,teho,ad19 hne-aubLB AllY,f (Isrold.,eueaig~dea-r Slouge, Canvdy Mant' Bbe;ton, I Buc rk-s;elletobrextold'Hs idera den BettW Wadenesand Suidingland;.1todsGec i ionssRuome: b Qatherl proprietor4 tolS.f, byott'CTIOrN at the The olowoglealReie,hvle P:OereaTIsy:-To csoeFreehold aonas; Hlistorin Tode'rJcbell- Rastet luh entaRle £2 pilersannm tch;te VaeebldaShop and PremaiTes,urritematein8TOie. Highsteet, Slough, in th INA;alaenso terWorksotle wltpevAerycnddisonc, situte inuptoen. rnoad, neRto uptauontpark. lout, sdur .A contiigeag cdnn taddaiong w0 aleduarden iti atM presnt on hand,ohu mpesof the vlue 0spa~per; annu; thee ery ligile lotsof.uilin o round, wrneelldttm nearto Utonpark fou sustaniall Cbult otae arndi threea Cottaes,ouithlre gardenis,s asitAtoe atIEt-wAk nhea 2Eton knont as Prosoef-ie valaybbe moevFRIeTedRan chrinvu las. wimthcrendi luitens,maybeu1 hd ofzCeP barrettne, booka, solicitor eton o S Gta rlogceo;sbe;hnd tofdy Mpsrs. t tuelnd end Sho, auctioneers andou Isld-e ofscht-LHrnwzodoarytofplacengf,aed Ssgrtvings, uetcy cF uerxitue andU Rfetsidoe, e na Woto-rig,he miles ftogmphyde nodlfear from, Newxngort. na teNti, lIAR. TRANLIS PwiTTSw SELL by AUCTION, Oth ik Prehmisemses on Tuesday, September 2, andIthrdelWe flown tratsofJ Illstriousb persoages tRoerts) Sethes ofHOTh RoyAnd; No.y16y sodvcdntrs Bibe;k fainokg Wo ymrksoerlsor'Th Ameracatholgia ifviw, 2Taven uot t,: eeyT or' Workisday tembuWprks 1708;alsothe orks of Popdene, Putley, Adiso,Cabe iub Gito, EOuseu,Gntge BacRnY (inur co,A oun ction of~th 1 alabesenra.vatings, Srin)ciplly proof ibyesin A onX Idat paper; Chorregg, Rutembad, onThrtaySatgi, B4lvat 5 Jaro6o'lo Mcaint;hes avw igenuin endrmearly pictureatcto CTAnE ArpeDeeC fromh Stbienna,cnwetsidered lobe b RanhaelowTes exar llns;th fbomeitrand comther efac the aindecrtingendepgavirgs wtillstbesl ntuesday,Ho septembe d cmand tebos mont dgthursday. s tevter Cataleogues,ommonh oraindicgh Heng rav3ings,a endhoolonly crt.d eaL,ta he obtine atS the Mart, lodayzon: cro the sl,aud it-lsancodtionser,oewprt,eslhof Wgot t None I So Woome-stboree-teivavaro Pu Paedngi Wari42EkANK willtan SrehlL dt,wt by UCT oN, RwithouTo seurv,o. andextemsises ashe-- Lab o.oveHI AY, thnne 28t Sa,g JtepOpetNo gentlEma reoingstralethed couthryaASOprit-r Eto ofLT vauble mUTOdem in YITUIer china, glass- dmestire loges, r oble haIDEtwday prie leotithe ae, oLfoterutioneer,m1,oadam ti12ction h e, with eclnttbimmeiat possoession,dem thiswely.arbraneel. p TodPheano-grsoueds,-Pai-mdl est. hureing-cro, noethr wthu Nabotion al. reiss on T]~ uedy Sreptmerod n 2,t all pr n e -d_ -~~riat -rap) al h H- Al The estate leie Insa ring fence, aud inprincipaIly boandedl tiy the rivers t"eam and Ichene, being one of the meett complette end desirable prapusses ofere to he pblicfor essyyea s.. thorpo le.within, ai On View This DaY.-No. 404 Strand (near the Adelphi Thrte-Fashionable Fueniture, of superior mnanufcue Iotv otg IPianio. Chimney and Plier Glasss, Marl-oCewnir,Vmeg Iin Dresden and other China, aneBrunre nEofEgiiy h Z edsteads Bedding, andGersemaFittngofou IBed Roioms, Offiae Foiue n fes. *wo~e MESSRS&-,TRIG il EL by AUCTION, a cisely, the well-meetsFIJEITtBE and valuable APPE-NDA&GES eta Il-roomed hoas; cdmprisingdrawlqigroosntablss-'clhsir sodJoeng in rosewood, and an elegant boudoirsuitein walnut andm unauetnes.,- Ame Spanish mahogany teleoqeo dining tabinK Pad,"ta sWidead with cavepad lae-la beck, chairs and reclining ditto in meeoo, dAm=tone 0Cotag li' s. Mrelt-ple anid &nmewis carpetg and rug, cilk an oleda=sakwindowesmrtinalens,eetdstawingroomes-,,... I In Dresden and BisIuet china, brilliat cut-gls mantel Itutes, chsan dieues, pair of hansome moderator lamups, fine brouas* es2M n brro critr cnit o urd andlanpnej emahoan fsr-sit french, and WAain bedteads, fund trs,a beidlog wardeobs, draw~wseb4t s,d mn4~.. iS. -sues~ E~bn~ S~Iiand5g and MIR., W. A. OAKLNYVlg to mangmosho that h LV.anaA"s JEEEOLDI) Oaa Privase.tesl.s ODtractWi4s Regetzs"t, _111sW La asft bo MIR W. A. OAKLEY betsazsnounee tha thJ* b0Ls bgt SOLD. by Pnsale-. lgetas, W W A- OZI MEstteounmstenWigkt .Xine MILMIG, Darat tiff W.A. 0 By bep t announoe th&t *1s1 YTalqzblb FRtEEHO.LD RSTATER, owippiaW mansio.n 2ai49 5amte. four 3miles fran CanWtebwsy les Tasted for vy PlrvAte Oontract-&-S Regent-esftz,et r=l ieS?rWyoombe and Aidenhs.d. ~ - M W A, OAKLEY begsto annot'nce that this FREEHOLD ITAT comprising the mansion and 20acre~sN sOTBOEa), and maybe Tsadforbypriv&t r = !&Rf~~tu-tstreet, Wabertoo-paces. TtaB& OTIolers doilses wmlfnoe tht Landed Esa&tes, ae ,wml t*ke Plaoe at the Auction hart, on Tesday, September s. Prioptictors wishistg their Properties included in, thi.saale sre respwctfully raqussie to ssX prteslrsas oo ascrinsl. s that due -publicity snay b. R .W.A. OA L YWml SELL y AUCTION, it, t71. t'r M6Art- On Tuedsday SePtember 9~ at 12A, desirablet LEASEHODPROPERTY, comprising No. go, Waiiketreet, pimlio;: pleauatly situata, and offering a good opportunity fGr purcbaaing, eite lreereseetioa or inrestnent, The estate is held on legmsor_ tePwards Of 6S iyears from isfichseliMAS, 1856 at tbm. vry low gtoo&_* Trerulett, Carltoue-chambers Egn-t-street; and of Kr. W. A. Oak- Icy, Aucticeserandland,agentl .Rgn-tet aelopae Preehott Estate, near Xewsport-Panll uci O.AKLEY bg oanuc htT1 M R1P1TLabe pRREROLD ESTT os eiabyatut,& convenient distane ornteWl'ro tton n opiigte residence and110 arsi O OD n a etetdfrb andthe house stands o odcesln.-.Rgn-tet Glomcersehtre.-Thee l8orton Han and -Mckletme zt.ate, cmran the residence. pleasur grounds,pltain,fr-os bldu. and about ISla. 2r. of 'usble. meao,adPsuead otdrorably, situate, close t~o. the CmdnadIoebun tto~ Iseven miiles from Evesham,. eigtfo4 tafrlo vn n b RJIEl W- A- OAKLEY has been favoured with, inMstucutOonsto BELL, by 'A.UOTIONX. at the W art, on Tuesday,' IsePsemdtr 9. at l2 a valuable PEREIIOLI) ESTATE, well ktnown aw~ the Norton Hall and isticltton Estate, situate in the parish, of Westoer Subedge, in tie esuMl of Gloorter, comprising about lSY,2Sr. of' arable, mendow, and pasture land, in a xiog fence The pricipals a, eest 4elihtful -viewof tbs Picturesque scenery around the villg t Wickleton. An111bo almost unequaled beautiesof the vole of Eveeham witlalboCotawold and Malvernbhills in the distance. The eastate lee. studded with dune tiraber and thriving Plantations A substantial StOne-built farm-house, rend buildings recently erected upon amoa ti_.. PrOTeDlim;nILosvercottagres v7th gardens, OrelarjIs ke., The~ amd as ftnthorughyand effeculydrained, uander the superit, tendenoe.of Mr. Josiah Rarkses, t%hevwel-known agricultural enierer_, andtboeest4ateisleton leaseto amnetroeponsibletenaut, for2i yr.. fromthe 2-bt of Setme.15.dtreal theo7 ar". 7'eare,byeitherlandlordor tenant,attheannuslrent2l of £7IO. subiect to Increase or diminution. EAXl FithaXding's, Lord Reddaileg, and the Wa icksbtrehsents meet near. Tte estate may be 'rlrrwe4 bvroPnlssonsof the tenant,and lansandpsartscularhad atthe MaIt of zn.Burcbes5q., solidcitor BrosdSanctuay Wetmintr E W. A. Oakley, auctioneer aud land agentt 8, Regeut-drest, Lquou;7o and of l,Iessms Webband Bac~la1nd agents, Wercenter. Wilts,-Oomfortable Re-sidence Farm Buildings, and Siacece or Land, me"a the Box Station, and twro miles from Corstamn, MIjR. W. A. OAKLEY wil SELL bT AUCTION 1Y.at the',blurt, on Toesasy. September 9, at I,. r FREEHOI3. ETATE,Imown saRudlowPsarm.3Box, Wilts-compshr,gacomfr~t.- al,le andsubstantial house, st&bling. out-buijmilog, orchard, andf acresofland, in arng fence, welltimbered, land-tax redeemed, Mmmediate poeseson eonbe had,.-The estate utybe-riewed and partlculars baA at the Hart; ot Wesers -Winterbothoam and Bell, solicitors-, Cheltenhasm; anid of Mr. W. A. Oakley. auctioneer. S. Rtegeut-street_ Shad ThAanes. Saouthwark.-An exoeilent 25-horse power Bearn engine. Circular Boiler. Machinery. Mice flour, Mealt tice, and 30 toss of, Cols, saved horn the late dre at bleses Rand's milL-B3y MTr_ HE1RNE, THIS DAY2 August 25, at Ill, n the l'remlses Shad Thamem,forthe benefitof the InsuranceCompanIes; fIO SISINGof 2-hose oilercomDound Stcan- Com rciale. pOe oocular iroan h9on-or, scat. onevl door fedx sE botrnwheels-Thp gerofn Sntocknof a rewesers,adWaetjhnzer_.Al asvrylarge and ntrtyse ried Saler.mel ie ioatcas nlai ntElSRemeS. and f th auctiONeer, S7 hnE-LLeby,Culi, AUCd .AYllI ttei om,a aoe HSDAY, at 12 forl, with.. outfle liisee rseue aou IO ot o gnuine JEWELIERY,,. Tivrpnimass sler.- snufef boxes, waipterosirtad rs fae gar-rdetn. Ore ftolghCut~ la nd nto Tiube o-Tanowley-ar. Hamptonv , Mides ESSRS. IAYGORwind SONELL SEL by OAUC-- I2ptlTOeo Arthe LoseTomle,saoveo, one WedordaynoeAgst, ISeutme 'ockneg8 (uals, sriome ver largoe, of elms 12iat ash,r cj larh dess,..l kc, MaoevBIceDIN ANdcataltucsate tntheptsouto sile; and ahe le* theolSeeof Maesrstoekingand ir o thepatfsoofrS. aewinleo~t Puot Isant to noreter f thaerHig Cort of Crzawosry tmod n. uto ladad cssauce. ofhoeld y unidertle irc afdomthefreeolerfo 922sw rm2TAYLORM5, t pil eLLron et by AU tIoN atr oovenwmta. Ior ndoulTom andw c fditi9us sapry of Ags. iSSler. a9 ro' ya-rog ardenrsotoc-ork,i theses parish of StancrMas, inj the Cotofer Milddlose; togthr. wigthe,4 seen brick hpisoss throun.ad Such laud awnd nertatoes ace the ld tunde Iaedlotfo tha utoee,. freholer og coeantSs.Fr paricularsandcndiios hapnr oe r Thur.e i9, H.tton-rtartFrenm onlstor Taern. Catterson. o etatndLos gst st2est,3pule.stres; r.tihetELcy , eGer-pLseBrA. Nan,OdBrAND-- den-iown, timtntar; athe church, indo thilae aucteionee,, en wrosvenor RseaMUs fthe ty.of alnterx. Treehodstate,nw E%zb s st"fructIoustoof erfoer farmEby pubgic garOPI. ocatd theAnn. tFAn istart, Fareemaonsd Tavern.ol cotanterbry tong e Saturd19ay,S Augus eamgbly state, aesythe church, ing thgetbr viageood ste atenof Renlt, wihi tion. The farmt-buildings are on an extensive sesle. they are pewly.. built after the mart aPP-ovedfashiun, and aye very convenlesti eveCy respect. They Consist of a large born, stables, machine lodge, bullc Iodges stesming-hoSse, manure shedl, liold maoura tank, large oustboos'- fowl-hones, pigeries, and otiherbuildings. The apparatus con- nsctQwith theb nidingsis offlrst-ratechacacter. There is an excel-. Wentt eusaero wa-tero h rmie.Psesio n mg,ayVE hadmon see mot h ieporeghosei Crc'udeured, Ber okrer,Silx panscula and coudie London; toffectsa ofunler RandaCo,,whsowicitor, ofRgastrfoss, Wesses min.,ter, ornemred for conTenience of sale. M ESSRS, SCHOFIELD and EVANS -will SELL byrtand,lccEON Mane-dstaboetTHSu ciar Imurdem) Awurstu ati Psix-horste posiernscirne. 1seamn enginteet and bin;ler, ~dito tity of AUnCiishd1a0 , oprngs and srming THSteel, usefulsrowok newan=econd-han soPrale hep,elsok ash vns clegarts. chanobe bdimes,an Graversendf ents.cnnete wit tWheIG teds toyovewNedandeat ion ee hatr Porina Gand-lne,MacudeLd-Theestt.-opios taodemeFur-Vnitur and ~)FESSRS. SMTH and CHAPMnoe, having dxenig- £Yh posed o-t tth h e3sidenc 3me,1.ansfelMd-teet, oa-s e instructet SELb AMCMON. on ther Premisesm,. THSudA12. Augunprst f& t Il frT, hewhleo EEIG the H wSEELD-onFURaITUse RE andTUtl andC seons, Arabeng orpost, FusIenofhrseaod, Iron, cads, eca1g, withdrohere_ trablers, dhafoa curtis;bkces o.pm kec] andcoies dining romsit tfSanish BTmahogtsy sifeboard, inin coables, and set o chiairs do., O-chlmne plemtort; inth beloobs,5mahogy3any four-post m ble and sirobe holeas 'e w edint wincbed rdops, anddresingstndes, and d attschin, "the7 an uwlnerat, 28,egent-street.-aldoofc3itr;'hu Graesed, en,-B Mo WITTNOHM.etsherew nn 31-TO-csd,ow murtlaw, Amp S9, atl feelhalf-padtS inthe , afenn, lain o-lute,Ugob~l-i,sITRE.-e,,dfbraZ Ij'~ORT-THREEAcres f valtable 'e bere anid- grHa,nd d isy ingood 3 cutiatin.s Per plans anLd patiulaws apply t MrdWm RAVlIttintham Furituetion al cedin adSoiety, c4,oms-ra.e niture andfecvts,a riemtonod rioom Grmosvenor-suareandtMarychonesreeh Pccla idiclly. of n ,- . n,_ cludetho slightest resrv ~t e sl ,c 1cmtc he m MRt . IZOD wil SELL by pubic AUCTION, -To- limorrow. Augs .,tlrccy.teClE'Sothgnto man's r,wthrihd,ams3abovIN copisn three elesantArabian bedslesl, wthrihdaaslrngmms clabedding complete, double ans siorle ho'e marble-lop wath-otands and drevaiug tables with fllttnsa complete, cheval and toSlet glasse, bedtteps ad pot cupboards, an(tI 'earsnedtoiet sets; tiedrawiog-vmoor omprises awaunut-tmeraslr't rich carved and covred in Utrecht velvet, six chairs, easy chairaudi couch 4-feet cloiffonie edth Itt-gs ors andbacksnrmountedwitlb, AIrocarsle top, a centr tal npl ndmsi e Crvd Caw,IA ico pianoforte in Isnemecs,fu rllatiit hme-sa comveswhat-nots, Cnebr,osacol,anocsiatbe,im dining room coprase sgtdng omchaissvrd OISha ~ dining table (bcowiknn,c aes- A- Gamrwmty%r To-mosarow, Aug. 2t, at I ofcsl,o acaa Ch WE ThouswdLoas& ¶tio' and ColonilThbr lq,JSOOIMPI. edis=ot ooge4,
