DEATHS. On the 24th tlt.. at the Consalar House. Smyrna, beloved and esteemed by all who knew, lim, isbad Wmn. Branu, Esq., Her MaJesty' Consul at tOal place for nearly 2'jears. On the 38th of July, at Baden, neas"Vienra, aged 14, Theresa DrVen, the beloved daughter of Captain T. D. Wright. Ou the Xothult.. George Murray, and On the 2d inst., Henry Herbert, the sons of H. Percevat Bs.thiscomnbe Esq. On the Ist Inst., on board EL.M.S, Queen, Lieutenant Richard Johns, R.SL, azed 25. On the 2d inst., at Duvweston, AnnEumma, the second daughter of Zr. H. Godwus, in her 15th year. On the 4th inst., at Locking. aged 63. the Rev. Alfred Harford, vicar f I 7ocking, and seocond surviving eon of the late John S. Harford. Esq., Cf Elsise Coatle, Glocestershire On the 4th inst., near Park-bridge, Alt, Lancashire, in hin 56th year, 3r. John Lees, deeply ofmea youngest and last srin son of ths late Mr. Jonathan Lees. o brow, near AshtonEunder-il;yne. on the Sth inst., at Caterhams Rectory, the 11ev. James Legrew, in hsis 87th year. Onthe 5th inst., at her residence, in Clrenceterrce, the iBght onLredy Borovenagorth, after &e tr.otedullne,whish was borne Oith 6reat fortitude and re2ignationner erladyshlo wvas the eldest daughter of Lerd George Seydoor,yofngest hon of the first Marquess of We defodd, and nhte: to Sir amiltton Seymnour, .Pe.rm and the CoWutess of Bhatnonl On the 6th lnst., Elizabeth, wife of Mr. D ewn Sewaed, 15, c ac'man-street, Borough, in her 53d ycar. On the 6th inst., at the house of Speoer Per Real, seq.., I, Poitmanmanse, Magaret Elliot, widow of the late Jaeae Elliot, Ero., of On Wednesday,the th Inst., ether rseidence, Pernymeadr B ouse, Widcombe, Bath, Judith aia, relictof the late Stephen Tarner, Hq. On the 8th inSt., Mrs. flnlmiaH all, of Dowin-street, Pimasdliy. On the 7t Ianst., at 42, Pinabury-circus, R^ichard IHeley. flsq., in bl SEth year. On thu 7th inst., at his residence, 43, St. James's-oquare, Bath, Tse. S.ELH. Hes, widow of the Tiatl'eP. Ci. Aes, Rse.. ved eldest deoghter of the late J.0. HEyde, Esq., Shirley. Southampton, aged 68. On the evening of the 7th inst-, at Canmden-towu, Jane, reiict of the lat, Thomwa Griffith, Er., solicitor, of Bedford-row, London, aged 77. At his residence, P'roidence Cottane, lHakney, the Rev. Wilam Elisha l av P Fanmer, Incumbent of Et. James's, Clerkeaweii, ased 87.
FromR t?^ZO.NDON 0AXT ot >ria}d.m. i d I . . g 8, ADffRALTY. AuG. S. Notice is hereby given that the officers -and mena of the Royal Navy aud Marines named in the &upp'ement to the Lotelon Gazette of Eiday, the 'lst inst., as fhaving received Her Majesty's perms.on to accept andwearthsa ineisuia of the several classes of the Legion of Honour conferred upon them by His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and who have not already received suci insignia, are requested to applyfor the same to the Secretary of the Admiralty, Whitehall, between the hours ofZ2 and' 4 o'clock daily, commoncing on Monday next, the 11th-inst. Warrant officers, petty officers, 2nd seamen who have been nominated to tle Order must, or applying for the insignis, produce their certificate of service, and should thev be now serving, a wrzitten -application, duly authenticated by their present commnanding officer, will be received in lien of a personal application. * The commindant of each division of Roya1 Marines may depute an officer to receive the ins ia for the non-com. missioned officers and men of their respective divisions. WAR DEPARTMENT, WHMTETEATGApDNS AUGuST 8. Notice is hereby given that the officers and men in Her Majesty's army, named in the- supplement to the Lonzdon Gazette of Friday, tho 1st inst., as having received Her Majesty's permission to accept and wear the insignia of the: several classes of tho Legion of Honour conferred upon them by His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and who have not already received such insignia, are requested toapply for the same to Henry Elliot Eagle, War Depart-. inent, Pall-mall, between the hours of 12 and 4 o'clock daily, commencing on Monday next, the 11th inst. The ansegmua for sails non commissioned officers and menas have been nominated to the oth class of the Order, and who are now serving with their respective corps, will bo delivered to the-officers commanding those corps, or to such officers as they may depute to receive them, with a view to their distribution. THE ECCLESTASTICAL COMMSSIONERS. By an order in Council dated the 28th of July last, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve a. scheme of the Ecclesiasti&alConiuissioners, to which a schedule is annexed, for uniting the rectory of Folkton, in the county of York, weviththevarage of FoLkcton, in the said county; and that certain lands, &.c., specified in the said schenie in the townvships of Folkton and Tibetan shall form part of the endowIment of the vicarage of Hunmanby; and that certain lands, &e., in the parish of Thwing anfd towneship of Octdn shall form part of the endowment of the perpetualcurecyof North Burton; and that a piece of land set faith in the said schedule shall form part of the endowment of the said vicarage of Hunmanby; and that all the other endowments, &c., formerly belonging to the said vicarage in right of the chapelry of Fordon shall be transferred to the perpetual curacy of lN'oath BErton. And by another order in Council, dated the 28th of July last, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the said cosmisatoners by wbich three-fourths of thse net amnount of the reservation to be made in a lease of certain beds of coal in the parish of Egldwysilat, Glineorganshire, shall be paid directly to them, the said commissioners, and by another order in Council, dated the 28th of Jly last, Her MIajesty has been pleased to aPprOve a scheme of tse said comheisaioners recommending that three-fourths of tho net amount of the reservation to be made in a lease of a coal mine in the township of Dodswartb, in the county of York, shall he payable to them, the said commisidoners, as therein specified. And by another order in Council of the same date H Ier ajesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the said commussioners for altering such provisions of at form er scheme as related to the appropriation in 13 parts of a portion of the proceeds, Re., of the parish of Shiptenunder-Wychwcod, in the county of Oxford, tO that the number of parts into which the said portion shall be d'ivide:l shall he 23. WA DEPARTMlENT, PALIrMAIl, AuGuJsT 8. 1st Regiment of iufe Guars.a-Tho second Chrisutin oases of Come and Sol ieot b DAcombe is " ilreert' and not " William," as state: iho e"Ganstte" ofuthecd ofnJly. 1lth Light Deegoons.-Lieut. George AsEh b Maddork, to be Capt., byt purchase<, vi ce Inglis, who retires. Colsistrese R egimenlt of Poet Guada.d-Lisnt. and Capt the Hlon. Eichasd Monch to be Adjt., vice Brevet-MSajor George Lord Binsrham, who resigns the Adjutancy only. 9th Foot.-Lieut. Thomas Renant has been permittelto retire from the servioeby the sale of his commission. 15th Foo -Lient. Henry Mitford to be Capt., without purehass. vice MajorG. W. EL massey, whose brevet rane nLa been converted into substantive rank, under the Royal Warrant of the 6th of October, 1854. 28th Foot.-Easign -.ederick Lance, from the 14th Foot, to be En sign and Adit., vice Worthington, promoted. .6th Foot.-Eusign and Augustus Henry Hartford to be Lient., without purchase, vice Scarlett, deceased. 55th Foot.-Lieut. W. A D. Pitt, from the 60th Foot, to be Ltrut., vice Uniache, who exchanges. 60th Foot.-Lieut. N. F. Uniacko, from the 5ith Foot, to be Leut., vice Pitt, who exchanges. 67th Foot.-Wiliuam Digby Lloyd, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Wetland, promoted. 72d Foot.-Dispenser of Medicines James nobert MrTurk has been permitted toresign his commission. 77th Foot.-Lieut. John P. D. P. Dodd has been penmitted to resign his commission. Sith Foot.-The second Christian name of Ensign Hugh Pearson is 9oth Foot.-Lieut. James Barr haa been permitted to retire from the cervico by the sale of his commission. 92d Foot.-Ensign Roderick M'DonalId Campbell has been permitted to resign his commissiou. 4th Fool-Lieut. LL L. V. Reynolds has bcen permitted to retire from the service by the sale of his commission.. 3d Wed India Regimest.-Robert Eckford, reut., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Page, promoted. LAND TRANSPORT CCORPS. Capt. David S. Ogilsy has been permeitted to resign his commission. BREVET. The following Colonels to have tho temporary rank of Major-General while in coimmand of Biigades CoL William FreLoe Vlliams, nmattached. CoL Robert Garrett, 46th Foot. CoL Charles WVarren, C.B., 55th Foot. CoL Lord W:Lliam Paulet, C.B., unattached. Col. D,iocan Alexander Cameron, CB., 4id Foot. Cot Charles Thomas Van iteaubeoree, 3d Foot. Col. Hon. Aigustus Alnioric Spencer. C.B., 44th Foot. Col. John Lawresson. 17th Idgbt Dragoons. Co1. William Iarlby, seth Light Draoons. Col. Arthur Augustus Th-arow Cunynghame, C.B., half-pay SLst Foot. Co_. Charles Trollope, C.B., 6 2d Foot. 0ol. Arthur Johnstose Lawrence, C.B, Rride Brigade. CoL Horatio Shirley, an, half-pay, E8th Foot. CoLtandal Rualey. unattached Col. Charles R. SsckvilU Lord WVest, C.B., Provisional Depot Battaluon. (Errata in the -Gazette" of August I:-] Per Col.0John I IMitchel' to have the local rank of Major-Gen. at the Cape of Good Hops, read CoL John Michel, C.B.," tc. For Assist.-Surg. John Vernon " Sbeddall," hLD., Supernumerary in the l3d Foot, read As.-ist.-Surg, John Vernon " Seddall," lD., dC. For Assist.-Surg. James ' Petr-i" Street, hLD., Supemumerary in the 39th Foot, read Assist.-Surg. James "Petric,' M.D., &c. ADMIRALTY, AuG. 5. Corps of Itoyal Marines. Second lieut. Edward Willis to be Fint Lieut, vice Johns, deceased. COMMISSIONTS. [This artisie is substituted for that whichappeared in the " Gazette of the 5th Lst. :-l Slinedby the LoRnD-LrnUnnc;AT of the Towvn HA-rs.grs. Harrington Take, Esq.. .M D., to be Deputy-liActenant. By the Lonn-LscrUTrNsA of tho county of CNIsBeeAn. Rossland Edward Walter Perry Standish, Esq., to be Deputy-Li^ntenant. By the oaDR,-LsEusTAwr or the Ocuaty of Gncewrsu and: of theCityandCountyoftheoCityofGlocrs, and of the City and County as the CiSty of laanror.. Rsoyal South Gloceser Light Infantry Regiment of Mllitia-Jamt Hodgson Oompignu, gent., to be lieutenant, vise Fowler, appointed to the t8th Poet. By the BoRD-LmurszNAr of the County of SUrMP-= 2d Regiment of the Royal Surrey Miitia.-Charles Hloward Chaplin, Esq., late Captain in the Turlksh Contingent, to be IAeutenant. By the Loan-LsrnTe;Asu of the County of WAnwimn Id Regiment Warviickshire Militia.-lieutenant John Digby Wing. field to be Captain, vice Captain J. R. G. Pattison, deceased. By the LOT.D-LrurESAfl of the County of Manusarsl, 4th or Royal South Middlesex Regiment of Militia.-George Fraucis Cooper, gent., to be Ensign, vice Hale, promoted. PARTNERPS DISSOLVED. H J. and H. Syred, Liverpool, pawnbrokers.-J. lfurray and 0. P. Froom, Whitehall-place, Westminster, attorness.-E. Cuerdale, tun. anud. Spencer, Elton, nearBury, Lancashire, ragdealers.-Blandand Salt, Leets, rope manufacturers.-H. B. and J. Renaud, Conduitstreet and George-street, Hanover-square, hotelkeoers.-Rougier and Sons, York, comb manufacturers.-Walker and Parkinson, BirStal, Yorkshire, rag dealsrs.-J. J. Rippon and a. J. Baker, Davies-street, Berkeley-sonaro. and Moitomb-strect, Bdlrave-square, auctioneers3.W. andtH. Shaw, Rasheliffe, nearHaudderA.1d, nd Huddersfield, woolen cloth manufacturers as far as regards N. Shaw, sen.-F. Hunt and E. Hollins, Birmin ham. Eeal engarvers.-J. Blrudell anmi S. Sharman, Liverpool, attorneys.-Ctapmau and Brindley, Birmingham li'endrapems-W. H. Ryland and 1. S. Andrews, Birmiugham, jevweiler-Brigstocke and Evsns, Weduesbury, Staffordshire, grocers, -a Clark W. h. Chatterton. and E, Clark, Great Towver-greet, wholesale tsdealerm-W. Barry and F. Draper, Great UNtcl,ield-street, carvera.-Anderson and Jackron, WearValley, timbec merchants -F. Olding and W. G. Still, Moorgate-street,!aucion6ers.-J. and W. Rope.r Lancaster, tobacco manufactucerm-J. and D. Apperly, Dusl. bridgelnls near Stroud, Glocestershire, cloth menofacturers.-Yat and Corking, Manchester, conmission agents.-Yates and Wllkes, Birmiesbain, manufaeturing jewellers.-J. Auld and 1L Woo, iartstreet, Mark-lanc, provision merchants.-C. B and P. Jefferies, Kidderasuster, millers, and Stourbridge, grocera-W. Chance Son, sd Co., Birisngham, and elsewhemr merchants. C c , au - DBCLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDBs. J. T sotn Manchester, cement dealer-second div. of U,. on Taesday, the th of October next, or on any subseqenst Toe-ay,at Mr. Prasser's Mancesmier. T. and W. Finchett. ChOr' ton-upsn-Medloclr, Manceseter, brewerfirst div. of 41sd, on Tuesday, the 7th of October next, or any sbse' uncut Tuesday, at Mr. Finser's Mancheter W. R. Copeaudt D. Cooper, Manchester. and ldottram, Cheshire, tallow chandiea--first d:v. of Is. 4d. On Tuesday the 7th of Octet,r-e nextor ny ebeoentTueday.at Paser', Machetner. ,l after the 4th of Oct obetr, at tS,r. Heroamanja,,,t Mash,t,anchester. after she 4th of October. at Mr.Hrosmfamn's, Manchese4r,usTe3a afteer the 4th ofOcoer,at r esarns Msnrl,r'sTser d Mgai th4toRealiyzvi ualer-eead n iv of I, qUd.,ny' Tuesday after tha 4t Of October. at M. H ananchester. . J. Moon, Manchester, cotton maerchant-second div. of 3-ltd, anyv Tuesday after the 4th of October at mr He W.Emn . T.Edmonud, and S R. He'roaman's, Manchester. ddiOa theof ira 6o aths separate NV. 4cchany Tuesday after the 4th oM esat Manchetnder P. Jque, Doylsis, silk dyer-fleet div. of Is. lid., say Tuesday after the 4th Of Octobser, at MLr. Hernamaan',, Manchester. J. Steele, Mranchcestaz manufacturer-fnevt div. of Is. jne, anmy Tnaes day ater a 4th of October, ator. Hcr:ama' , Manester, H. and W. Coop, W%esthoughton, silk manufsclurerj.srst, d.ir. of Is. Ed-, anyV TuessaY after the 4t of Octoberd, at Air. Heraman', Manchester, J B. , Carr, Barfsley, nea AshtonunnleLyne, brewer-first div. of ElMascler. caday after the 4th of October, at Air. Hernaman'e, G. clayton anda G. Crookes, Sheffield, grocere- fast div. of 4s., any doyaster the 7th of October, at SIr. Rrewin',!, ShefiSelsd. G5.T. R3ote, Westbromsneb, Stairordbhire,. goe-first div. of 2Ioq anY Thursday after the 4th of October, at Ha, tstss imnhm WNlm s,Liverpoot spirit mecan-eon i, f0st n Thursday,athdr. Cazesere's, IvTerpoot scn Lo g, WT. Sothen,, Liverpool,sgias edoxer-fi,st div. of Si. en Thur.da;,the 5th of Ositaber,-or any eubsersuzt Thursday, at jS.Cznr' Jliverpoot. B . B. Reeves andB PL B aweon, late of Lirerpool, wtne merchants :-thfrd div. of Vs. Bd. on ThurEday, the 9th of Ojctober, or.asysobsze- uncut Thursday, at Mr. Camasvo'AdaLiverpool flnrdsj he 9h ofOctoer, r-an rubqum ThQd.y, onTMur. Careneve's, Lirerpoott tr.Caznov's an. Haris Lverpol, pasahmokr-seeoet dv. v Id. on Ihurs iL Gnbble, Pilton; Deronh a nter-xadly.f 8 y Tele cly or-Fii MrtW. bteA% .t'.-* IL Potter, T l& B iDEt r, l t d[I. of ;l, any Tuesday or liiday, at Mr. nlrtael',, Eetw.- - YVililnmntR Srde0anha aip znith, to surruder AC. 22. at It O'sclOtk,Cpt. 19,t1hV pt'U,ito th&l&en}ak Court: olJitoea. MesErs.. lvcdou, Sox Xl liaboqawte ip; oa3cchl as Sgnec, Mlr Cannon, .Aldermanburr. *Jooepls Walter. flay Lodckood,; 0nwunourt, Threadndlesseet, eto&beoler, Aug 18, at b;*]f.jat it. o'loc,¢ 6eDt1 at eU aobthe ~aokruta? Cort- soicitor Mr~ Wuff, n'tLe- offlclMal ssignee, i{r. Whitmuore, lsiugball-afreet, DaidThese Plymoum&tsth and Dsroest. gi;roerAug.18; Set. 29,mouth: soicitoro. Messs Edmocda'and Suns,. Plyrojouti; h lr, Stogdon, Exeter; of Sicial asaigec. Mr. -iaoe.Exeter. - - DrVn)RN43. . -- *Aug. fS9. 1. 3?1sber, Middlesex-plce, Hackne-read, ollma.-~Aug. 20,0a Caunan. Love-t3one I chean, Provrioon saleamn,-AuKg. 23. H. Sagar. Machester. fm;keeper.-:Oct. 6,0. Gunnbr, Leed, cabinetmaker. . .~~~~~~~oc "he A,e~age rrIOOO Xtumado Sugw, compNti- fLom the rtnEme uth e ww kleodin th 5th of Ampist, oxebuelve of .EWoibe.tlsronllaSmed T 2 2.MW Fromtile duti'... .FomtheBEsthnAies onginkr...... . . *- ec t .Tho areo Frice of the three firne g d;; a Krlptions O rmgar, jolutlY. . wmputoed as. aboVe,ao.excblsiye of dqtr,il .. - .. 32 1 , 3- 3authozl Peruuncnt,. GroOew-hlL, Aug. &
TRADE ,RBPOBT. l'i-day Evening. *SuGAP-There was some spiit in-the sugar sales to-day, and buyers appeared more numerous. Shippers and speculators bought frealy, andthe trade took a part also of the 8W000 bags Mauritius. ldiddlang gray at 45s. to 46. Gd. was in many instances dearer by dpercwt. Thefiner and cry.stalized sorts, suitable for grocery purposes, at 49s. to 52s. Gd., were less in demand, and the whole was not sold. 4,300 bags native Madras were taken in about 40s., and 1,091bas date, low to good, 42s d. to 4Ss. G3. Of West India, 5 hhds. have been disposed of, making 1,8S9 for 'the week. Corrns--325 casks 330 barrels and bags of plantation7 Ceylon *ere sold at full rates-gray descriptions at 59s. to 60s. per cwt.; fine fine ordinary to low niddling, 61s. 6. to 63s. 6d. ; and middling to. good, at G5s. d. to nS. per CVft. Of 2,000 bags of. nat5ive Ceylon only about one-'bird sold, at 50s. 6d. to Bls. for good ordinarg, which was rather cheaper. 800 bags of St. Domingo are reported privately at 5$s. to B2s. 6d.; and a Bloating cargo of Ri.o is spoken of. RICE.-There are no sales of interest, but privately a: floatiDg cargo of Rangoon lass been sold at 1Os., which is rather cheaper. -- SALTPETRn-1,000 bags of Bengal were bought in at. 32s. 3d. to 33s. 6d. for 6 to 21 per cent. refraetion. Cocni_xAT-Of 300 bags in sale to-day a good proper tion found buyers at fully the previous rates-Honduras silver, ordinary to good, 3s. 7d. to 4s. 2d. per lb.;* blacki Ibought in at 4s. 6d. to 6s. for ordinary to good; and 35 Ibags Teneriffe silvdr, 3s. 10d. to 3s. lld, for ordinarv to good dark;- 18 bags curly Mexzican sold at 3s. Sd. to 3s. 9dL T,LLOWV.-The market is steadg at B3s. on the spot ana Bls. for the last three months' deliveryz.
TVHE COB2I TBADE. COREXCHASGE. 1'F DAY, WD& . & The grain trade ?elnans inadepre=&edconditIon ThearuiyaIof foreIgn ae large. but those of Xng1i.h are not over abundant PreviouS , notations are, however. cumrent, *e,u the oper4tionsbhave been comIaatiTely restricted. WAXEFIlID. Ano. S. Wfe have hacl a week of fine forcing iemther, vith the exception of some thunder showers yesterday; tc-dayit is Sine.lhere isnotrso nch anxietytopresssales asatLeelson Tuesday; pricesmust be noted 4s. per quarter lower than last Friday, and Is. to 2s. Per quarter above the low sales of .Tuesday. Barley naominal. Beeas ls per quaiter' cats id. per stone; and shelling 3s. per load lower. Wbear per quarter o: 8 buolss Qllb.- E. IL I )ses.80ffolk, andent,whsti .. 70 to 74 to 76 Bc . . . .. . 6iS GS - 9 lTorfolkandCmbrlidge, white .. 9 - 74 Bed 61 -64 -65 Lincoln&sYmeandYorksbre, white 69 72 - 74 Bed.. c 64 -665 Datic and Konlgsberg 70 72 - 74 Baltic and Eamburg, red.. e l 64 - 66 F?etersbmrgand liga .. 51 53 - 55 Mediterraean .. .e. 41 49 - .S Egyptian 46 4S - 52 Barley,- Grinding (521ib. per busbel) 4i 43 - Beans, per quarter or8 bushels, 63lb- ln61ish,old ........4S6 - 47 to 49 Nev= . . .. .. . .. 43 4 -46 Foreign, new y .. .......... .. .. .. .. . 41 -43 is Egptian 35 37 Oats, perstone- English. 13d. - 14dL 15d. Scotch.. . -.- 14Ld. 15, Shelling, perload of2611b. . . - 39 balt. er load of six impesiaTbushels .. 54 - 3 - IXVERP004 Aua. S. The arrivals from Ireland anid coaztwise since Tuesaby havy been inignificart. From foreign ports wre have received 7.454 quarters of wheat, 3,107 quarters of Indiats corn, and 6,013 barrels of floor besides 7.316 quarters of wheat, 470 quartebr of Issdian com, It' loads of catmeaL and 2,383 birrels of flour from Canada. The exports in the same time compriso 93G (qusters of wheat, Fo6 quarters of oats, 3,748 quarters of Indian corn. 1,212 barrels of Indian cornUmeal and 647 macks and 5.245 barrels of flour. Wvith coc.tinued' scorehing hot weather ussr trade is unable to rz.ly from the late heavy decline, but bolders are lees auxions to realise at the low pricasnowcrent. The barometer is failing rapid'y. and a change of weather may be anticipated shortly. At this day's market thereowas the usual attendance of the town3 and cootry trade, and rather more disposition to bua wvas evinced. White wvheats vere chuefly wanted, and o' such, which are msarce, a ren.- very of 2d. to 3d. per 7tb. on the lovv sales of Tue.day must ba noted. lledtwhea5s howevevr, hirls were plm>ut.fsi1 and freely offered, wvere the turnlowr. tealy rim flur,beig dluluitto mea-t iti, was robber dturner.hut inferioPrquttdeOsabbound, ainCdsuch were 1D. per barrel loe,vr. Oats and oatmeal werer im mod'erate requcetoat about Tuesday's rate", which wasalso the cse with barley,beans, end peas Indian corn was in modlerate request for feeding purposes tfb,t is d for maEed, and 29sa Cd, to Bus. foryeow.to 32s. 6d, for best qualities' BIRIINGHAI, Auius-?7. At Glocester market on the 2d lot, vwheat wvas es. to Ss. per quarter lower. At Vorcester, same day, holders would not submnit to a gcater decine than 4s. to s, per quarter. hIaney fully as dear. <)ts maintained their value. Beans rather cheaper. During the preseat week there has been nothing worth notice doing in wheat, the few smles reported being at a decline of 5s. to 6s. per quarter. For all other ortiees of the trade we had a f;air demand for contumption at previous rates. At Wolverbampton. yesterday, there wvere no buyers of wheat, except at Ss. to 6s, per quarter under the prices paid bast wieek. At this dr.y'smrark:et there was a fair supply of w.heat, and woe reduce our quotations rs. to Ss. per qusrter, wvith free buyers tovwards the clese of the market at tbis decline, Barley and oats maintained their value. Beans and peas offering rather lover. CHEE77HAM, Auousr 7. The market was but thinly attended to-day, and dealers Were eautious in buying, in anticipation that with the fine weather, the commeac-ment of harvest, an,d the rapid fail of primas, there must. yet beaa furhthr decline. Wheat jell to-day fully 2s. per qstcr onlest veek's rates. Barley, however, isscarce, and it isexpected vilinearly reach the value of wheat. The weather hasbeen mo,t ostreordinariyfins andhot an s raid asbee th rienng f to real,n unert hndiisenico that parties sho habdecxpteecterd to begin mreapig at sitmelendhsof xhe month are nowht work. Both the barley and wheat harvect have commncned in this neighbourhood in earnest, and next week, with a cntintuance of this blessed weather, wvillt be general. - -
BiN^simsny.-In the Barnsley linen trade, since our last. notice, there has been . falling offt and a large number of weavers are nowv iwitliout work-both common and fancy fabrics. There is, however, every reason io- believe that this. state of things will not long eon^ iinne, as the yarn bleach-works are a71 fully-employed bleaching yarns, which will- soon be in the hands -of the manufacturer. But, while there, is a temporary slackness in the handloom trade, there does not`appe;r to be any, falling off in the demand for fabrics manufactnred by po wer, as; the mills are all running foil, tine. The coal'tra&e ODn;iinues very brisk, and the large stacks of coal which we have previously noticed sB ha igZ accumulated on the pis, steads are nearly all sold off -Tthe demandk steadily in-- creses an astheseason advances a stil furthex innprovemxeet is looked =ornard to. Thti Rigihi.mcollieries, at whicb ahut700 hainds are enployed, mid which hsve bicen-Llye at a sadfor somne'time'~S past; k oW ftlly emI oe.. are gdto state that,-theie is,iasfrngpoelit ht s at the Oaks; Collerw widch r e ovtr aboit 'seven week, - , brough ie closo t the|
MbWJZY-MARKEan iCiTYIWTLLIGLVCkB I I. lsI s, 4 i4l . j .: : I : e Englis4h-fnds opened thisb-; morning elth -much hleavine6s at a,decline of an eighfth, and sub-sequently. experiened' i-further =fiL ' nolsOa for money were trst quoted 95i to 4, to-which they returned after having touch6d 95., 'At a latr hour the prie was 95 to 1, and for the 10th of Septembe^ the transactions were 'ab 9 to' . -:The demand foranoney in the Stock-Exchange w:a agai: very active, but'the piressure 'was not aoosevere as yesterday. -lu tho' disco,unt-market tlhere. was an increased inquiry, and the applications : at the Bank vere"veiy numerous. The principil requirements are obvioni,yV' for' the legitimate purposes of commerce, although the sudden alteration in the character of the' markLt has probably caused many 'persons to proride themselves with' more thaa they 'would' otLerwise have taken for the moment. Salei' of Eng¢lish stock, with the view, it is believed, of employig the proceeds in French Rentes and railway stocks and obligations, aggravate the inconvenience, and the delay of arrivals frorm Australia, whence the last dates' areO00. days back,- likewise operates in the anme-direction. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 218 ; Reduced, 95V to i; Newlbreeper Cents., 98i7to 4; Amnuities, 18 5-16 ;. India Stock, 235 to 237, Thdia-bonds,. 5s. to'19s.; Exchequerbonds, 100t; to ; and Exchequer-bils, 12s. to 15s. premium. Foreign securities 'were less firm, and the transactions continue limiiteL. Turkish opened: vith 'heaviness but subsequently a recovery tookplace. The Six per Cents., for the account, were negotiated at IOS, -, sad. 4. The general business comprised-Mexican, for the account, 22 and 4; Peruvian Four-aud--Half per Cents., for the account, 821; Portuguese Four per Cents., for the account, 504 Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 981; Sardifian' :iive' per Cents, 94; Spanish New Deferred, for account,- 24H; the Passive, 60i; 3)utch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97w, anld P DraviarLl)ollar Bonds, 60f - Intheforeign*exc'haues this afternoon there was a further decline in te rain upon Eamburg. With regard to otherplaces no alteration of importance occurred. The corn-market was supported this mornng by a speculative. purchase, and the rate3 of Monday were fuUy maintained. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market. for the week shows a steady business at former rates. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 60c. for money and 70f. 70k. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of less than an eighth. Telegraphic accoumts from Constantinople to-day report that the Governnment had announced their plan for the establishment of a State bank. The' capital is to be 3,000,0001.,. and the bank is to have the privilege of issuing notes to a like amount. It is to undertake, however, to negotiate a 5 per cent. loanfor 5,000,000?. at 90, to be appled to take up inconvertible paper and debased, currency, the interest on which, together with 1 Per cent. for a sinking fund, is to be provided for by the revenues and tributes of the Danubian Principalities. The concession for the Bank is to ba grantedto those among the competitors who will offer to take the whole or the largest portion of the loan; but as at the present value of T&rkish bonds in the London markets that transaction would involve a loss of about 4per cent., and it is also alleged that further larfge sus are likely to be requircd to clear of F the expenses of the war, there seems little probability of any respectable capitalists being wiflingto entertainl the u3roject. A meeting, of Central Aineficai Bondholders was held to-day, MIr. J. D. Powvles in the chair, to consider the proposal made by Guatemala for arranging her proportion of the Central American:Debt. The agreement entered into has already been pu'olished at length, and it is stated that a commissioner has arrived for the purpose of carrying it out. The first payment of interest will be in October, Owing to theperiod necessaryfor the preparatioL of the bonds, & c., and the second in FRebruary next, after which the dividends will follow half-yearly in regular course. It wvas mentioned that as Costa IRica has settled her proportion of these obligations, and Guatemala has made the requisite adjustment, the States whose liabilities reinain to be arranged are Hondulras, San Salvador, and Nicaragaa. Efforts have been mrade to bring them to terms, but ro-ent events have not been favourable for pursuing the negotiation. A question was raised with respect to the interference of the Spanish American Committee in the affairs of thMs debt; but it was enplained that they assumed the management at the special request of the Central American Committee when that body was some few years ago dissolved. On a motion for an appropriation of 5,0001. stock topay the expenses of the agent who conducted the negxotiation and to remunerate the committee for their services a long altercation ensued. It appeared that after the payment of the ontlay and ,the apportionment of I,OOOLf-or theagent thero will r remain about 1,oO0I., and this was considered too much to leave for distribution among the comnittee. An amendment, reducingthe proposedrate of allowance from o to 3 per cent., was moved and carried, u.pon which MIr. Powles and several of his colleagles intimated their intention to Withdraw from the ftvure management of thie Central Amer-ican debt. Tke conversi on of the guElatem ala p ortion will be proceeded witlh and finally adjusted, but the measures for negotiating with the other States they wvill leave to whoever maay be hereafter appointed. The following are the principal resolutions -That the agreement concludedcin the city of Guatemala on the 24th day of Mylast between the Government of Guatemala and MIr. John Lawrence for the adjustment of such portion of the foreign debt of Central Amierica as appertains to the republic of Guatemala is hereby approved and raified by this meeting; and that the Comnittee -of F.anish American Bondholders be requested to take the recessarymeasuresfor carryingthe same into effect. That for the remuneration of tho agent in Guatemala who may attend to the forvarding the remittances for the dividends a commission of 6d. in the pound on the amount of such dividends be a3lowed by the bondholders, the same to be deducted from the said dividends." - A meeting~ of 'Venezuelan Bondholders was held this afternoon,- Mr. J. D. Powvles in the chair, when thle subject Of that debt was again brouOht under consideration. A letter wvas read from Lofrd Clarendon, enclosing a communication from Mr. Corvala, the Venezuelan cormnissioner, presenting the proposal dated the 24th of July; but, as it nppears that the cdmmissioner has not the authority to carry it out, it was not entertained. Mr. Corvaia professes his desire to see a settlement effected, and states that he will continue to negotiate; but, although an endeavour -was made to support the terms suggested, the ma-jority decided agiainst - their recognition in any shape. Theoffernmadeby the committee,and-which is considered by some more favourable than should be conceded, involves an appropriation of $583,000 yearly, while the -highest -proposed on the part of Venezuela is 4A)09,00Qe ~- The opinion recently given by Dr. Phillimore on- the rights of--the bondhto1deilaand their ahilityr to recover 586;,088 arrears illegally gabstrcted created evident satisfaction, anid the assist-. once of the Foreit, Secretay is to he reqnested on their behalf. A lengthened -discussion followed,:in wrhich the conduct of the Venezuelan authorities was severely reprobated, after which the stibjoined resolutions were aoreed to:- "That as it appears by the letter of 2esss Corvena and :Pardo to this committee, dated the d inst: thai thave Elo authority from the Vanezuelan Government to m'ake any proposals for the adjuwtment of theforeign deb of that Republic different fromn those contained in thear letter of the 27th of June,- which 'were rejected .at the meeting of bondholders on tbe25thnIt,itis useless to continuefurther negtiations ,ith the said.conmissioners- --" That this meeting, having taken into consideration the I case submitted to -Dr. Robert Phillimore'and his opinion thereon, are of opinion that the same should be transmitted to the Right Hon. the Earl of Clarendon, vwith the repecstful but urgent reqbest of the boncdholder3 that his Lqrdship' will gia suchoeffective support to their claims as mayleadto their adjuatmontwaithout.furtber delay. "That the Committee of Spauish Aimeriieand3nholders be requested to take means for. deapatching withbet lois of time a commidssioner to Caracasforthepurposeof obtai7n ' set;lement of the claimas of the b&ndholdera without furter dela.- ." 2uth.there huaving beeread to thismimeeting .the CDni municntion addressed>by r. Corvaito the Jhith Hon..thef Earl of Clareidon,;dated Ps the -4th inskr it de' i Ij state ' therdn:- 1 That thoepropositionreferred to in- that letter, dated the 24th -of Jnly, eldriot lie enfteran'l-by 'thoemeeting of Ibe 2othtilt ' masmuch: asthe ' -mi'ioneJ stated. that the-. oathoriy;ro the~ apprmdytle,etiiig, 2g oorrea in respect of the Veiizw. aiu, b bondholers have boe such gneyor K -; The committee of the Stock-EXx4cx,w i to-day agreed to 510ow PoIgtib,e T! ` Cent. Bonds of 1853 to be IIepen t rhe In consequenc of the d nce opiuon-iW e.dsts. with regal to the besring of the New s Joi-i.- Stock Compauie4 Act, 1856, on. fire and life aurd anoe associations; the question has been bron - unlder the consideration of-the. law - o e of t Crown, whose opinion is ee 1 in - Bew day . The registrar of joint-stocn companies and thA Board of Tradeare undeestood to -be of ojo, that the act has fotally repealed the 7th Ind fSt-h Y.ctoria, chap. 110.: According to a return, published ta-dayy-t amount of the NationalDebt on the-3.st of M ch last wa 775,312,159l1., on which the annual biteirest is 23,267,3611. 3laring the year ending at that date the stock createL was by loans 21Jo55,416GZ, and.. by funding of l2rEchequer-bilHs, s1c., 3,352,7187. involving an annual interest-of 47,2. . .-;>31 :The following letters are froman auditor a,ad 3 director of the London ife Association . .i "Sir,-Asyoulnviteareplyto the ftollo0wn g Pragrapi in yoxr city article of the 6thinat. on-the Londonuhfe qaee.-s tion-namely, ' The zimple question is, will the fulfilmcnj-- of the promises held oat to the ner members be-in any *aiy jeonardiedby the coutenwlted act 7' I wilL givc yott nae answver in as plain a manef and in as few-wrords as 'I cau, 'and without the poeeibilityef contradiction by any cirector.; "1. I deny that any promises have beenheld outto new' members as to the amoant of t'ae abatemnent of preunitunandif any director has done so he has excded the limits of his authority. A1l he could do, or, I believe, hs slene, i; to inite his fiends to insure at this office,ssthcabment of-premium, after 50 yeare experience, has been' :70 per cent. for the last five years. " 2. I moiemphavtically, Sir, declarethath the dividin3' the 230,OOOf. as proposed will not in the slightest degraeaffect he 70 per cen., but it may in a 3light degree affesh the last increase of- 4 per ceXnt, abatement declar-od by the ,directors since this q uestion has be3en agitated. -i ' "I do elieve-thai thechief mo'ive of the dire:tors for giving th;s increased 4par cenL ha3 been that it ab;stracted 92.003. frona the sarplas, so that now theymay say, bya quibble, the whole 239,0bG'. does-not exist as a surples,though it did when our resolution wAs first carried' in the general coart, notwithstanding it was a fact they denied "Iam, Sir, yours faithfully, - " El'Jo Y XLLUUT3 ; Auditor of London Life. " ClahataCo ion, Aug. 7. - - -"P.S. The foregoing was written before I read your. paper of to-day, and: I think what I have said fully aniwrens 'what is there repeated But I feelitLa duty to make aremark, bothl for your information and on account of the igno-`' rance of your correspondent, by whom ther:fore, you ar& misled as to the practice of the Eanitable Society. The itruth is, vie are oy proposng ito folo.T the:r exmple, by the just disposal of-the surplus, by giving it to those whohad created it." "Sir,-As you have allowed lMr. Barter to state thrg grounds on which he proposes to divide a large sum, part of' the canital of this association, I hope that yotL will permit me, one of the directors of the company, to point out that, such a division oEf capital would be unjiist and illegaL 31rBaxter- says that 'the association, founded upoa the avowed princple of applying-allprofits ;uarly to the reduction of the annualpremiums, has, in consequence of that principle not havijn been carried out, become possessed. of an accumulated capital arsing from over-payments of the members premiums (chiefly, within the last 30 years) to-. the extent of between400,003Z. and 500,0001.' ' " I say that this sutm of nearly half a million cr ists only iv the imatination of the gentlemen who are proposing to,divide it. I write weith the last balance->heet oE the society before lme, a copy of whirh may be obtained at the office,and I say that. excepting a sum of 37,4bS!. reserved by ourlaws 'for elaias wwhich might have accrued, bat were not ascertained, and for claims which might accrue betwveen the time of making up the account- and the 1lt of July laut,' all our profits have-been divided in providing for the past, and securing the fata-re reduction in L- premiams. 1 donaot inclade a doubtful sum, depeoding on the vrlue to ba placed on our stoek. MEr. Baxter believes it to be proparly valued; I differ with him on that point. This year the premiums of all members who have been insured seven years are reduced 74 per cent. To secure this reduction a- sam of 1,70-2,01. inapresent moneyisrequired. Mr. Baxter wishes to take 230,0301. of this capital, and to divide it by a. new law, under wrhich the value of every policy ia the association will be changed. He says that the directos prepose to divide the same sum in a differeut manner. This I deny. The directors ha>ve already applied thris capital in reduction of the premiumns of the members. WVe cannot continue the present reduction of premiurns 74 per cent. and pay our poLicies in full if this sunm be divided. Bat, Sir, there is a class of members with regard to whom thia division of capital would be a spoliation aot yet witnessed on thisside of te Atlonti. Early in theyear the society' rerresented that the accumulation of their capital was solarge that new members must be content to take oat polcies on the terms of havinig 10 per cent. less reduction in their premiums than the older members might recaive. "Inrge amounts 1have been insured on these terms, butnow it is actually proposed, 7zorresco :efcrens. to divide the' very sum which is necessary to secure the old members this reduction of 10 per cent. "Those who joined the society on the faith of its accumulatedptlmay find that very capital dividedby and amnong those -who hel it out as an inducement for parties. to join the society!l "I say therefore that the p reposed division is illegal unjust, and cannot be carried out. Changes have been. lately made i nourlawfor the benefit of the older members -other changes are now unader consideration. To make those changes legal they mast relate only to fature profitsto mak e them just they must be su^h as all the members; may have a chance of enjoying them in theirturn. " I have thhonour to be your faithful servant, "WILLIA.II COIRIEE. "August 7." In the colonial produce-mnarkets during the week there has been a nioderate degree of acEtivity,withoat any material change in price. Sugar was in limiteil request at the conmmencement, but a better feeling. gradually arose, both shippers and grocersbuying toa fair extent, while speculators also occasionaUy operated. Rates, therefore, havebeconee very firm, and in some instances higher. The chief portion of the coffee brought to sale was Ceylon, ancd fall terms have beenrealized both for the plantation and nativekinds. The DBLtch Trading Company's coffee sales are declared for the 1st of September, comprising' 675,000 bags, against 643,000 bags last year. The tea-market continues depressed. The public sales on Thu sday and to-day passed off without animation, and further auctions are declared for Wednesday. The lower classes of Tice stiU command high rates, but the good and fine kinds have gone at a, faU of 9d. per cwt, Saltpetre has been in only moderate request at about previous quotations. - At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day the choice ofE assignees under the estate of lMr. S. Adams, late of Eert-ford and Ware, banker, was perfected, Mr. J. G. Elsey, of the Bankai of England and Xx. J. Lawrence, of Hertford, being selected. Fr-om an> approximate statement the total debts -and liabilities appear to reach 155,7611., but of this sum 75,1691. is represented by bills, the great4er part of which, it is said, will be met at maturity. The assets are roughly estimated to produce 50,0001. Although no accuiute inmpression as to the results for the creditors can yet be formed, they are consideredlikely to prove more favourable than was at first anticipated. e An adjourned meet of theank of Lnndon 'took place to-day, Sir J. V. Shelley presidcig, when the report of the auditors was unanimously adopted. It -wax stated, int answFer to questions, that the meetings will be yearly, and that the di-- rectors wil give coensideration to the publication of the-accouvts previously to calling the sh-areholders together. A resolut,ion brought forw<ard on thzis. point waswell supported. With raference to the connexion of the EInk of London with tice Bank of London and National :Provincial Insurauce Com-panty it was -again mentioned Gthat they stancd simnply in the relaion of- landlord and tenant, the latter paying rent, and having intr-oduced goodIlisiess. Annexed is an abstract of the auditorse 'xeport - -We directedparticularnatentt on on this ocreasion tothe preliainazy items of aoounnt-siuch as the capital account and preliminary and ;bhiUding expenses-rid, having been furished with ameple-infoto?stsoa end proper v-ouchers, we certify that'thoso acceunis si-e aceureteynnd -fairly-stated. TUhe title-deeds of propert purchatsed and the securities ef' vaious classes in the hank were produced to us, and -we, attended at the Bank; of Englan to verify accounts. oF Government stvok,; all thse it-emns re found tobe DOorrect. iW e may add that we have found the business of the ban in London has been steadily progressIng from thic7ommencement, that a considerable countryagency has been acquired, and that-the Chering-cross branch is already a source of profit. The accounts 6f the bank are ke-pt upon a systen which enabled us to linform ourselves without difficulty spon every head. - Wofhing with -the proier range ofLo05r'inquiry was withheld ;; tEe bad acid doub'ful debts inc5red& are remarkably small, nd awe have the satisfaction of staiin oopmnion tha.t you affairs- have been managed- hithertowith great prudence, and that ia continuation, of sOOLmanagement must tendl io promole the intersite of thepro' prietors and to miniaantm public confidenee" - ' - -The return-from the 3ani ofEngland -for io, Week ending -the-2d of Augiitgiifos te i flo*i X , il1te, 'when ,oomparedwith the 7pre,vaotls-'--' \- Public deposits , 3 67t,416:..Derse £l67,592 O-tVe o heride if the aoo-nUt ND&5. aspaoyea - ,,, *8,75o..Dees- 8,390 - I -The asam t tef nl2 ariclos s20,47C;,)44O being an - 2610S.j lfld t -o f awliereri, . Of
- - - ZWLTV.YINTErLLGM0 ITRAMI REXWrN Thet loreuri of ilraw"ys in the unitodkingeom,pnb.- li od for the weekendig Auguvt2, amoonted to495,61OW., nd fortho eorresxndinreek _ of1855 to 46%89OW., xhdw ina inrease of 32,72W. The gros receipts of the eight nrailwa- having their rmini ia the metropolis amounteo for who week ending as- above to 22:3,45W,7 and 'for tha .corresponding week-of lst year to 209,2701, showing an increase of 14jW8W. The inGc3Ee on thoe astem Counties Failway-amounted to 13678T; on the Great norithOrn to 1,1231- on the Gret.Weetera to1,9711. o on the Ion. don and :Arth.Wewteru to 4;316L.; on the London ,,and Blackwall to 341.; on the-London, Brightoni and South Coast to, 1,0171;; on the -london and South- estern to z2,855. - and on. the South-Eastern to 1,106!.; total, 14,180. Tie roeeipts on the other lines in the united 3dngdom amouted to 27%160&, and for the corresponding period ofINl85 to 263,6201, showing an InCreseof 18,50.1. in the receiptr of those lines, which, added to thfe inrease on the metropolitan Iiuo.:-;aes ;the total increse 32,7201., an compared wi_th the correpond. ing:week of 18S5.. Tuae foUowing am the receipts-of raiiwy for the pat 'Week -. . ST, BYffMST'S. The half-yearly meeting of this company was beld on Wednesday at St. Helel's; fr. G. Greenall, IfP., in the The report stated that the increase in the gross traffic re. ceiptsforthepast half-year amounted to 4,505. as com. pared with tIh corresponding period of 1855. The gross reveilue amounted to 37,0261., and the expenm to 13,9001, or 37A per cent., leaving- a profit on the workdng of 23,125t. From this sum was deducted 6,94 for inte. rest on loans, 301. :for renewal of permanent way, and 4721. for additional works, leaving 15.,$59& ; to which was added 8981. from tho last account, maling 16,257. Out of this diofsable snm the directors proposed a dividend at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum on stock A, of 5 per cent. per aluum on the B stock, 6 per cent. on the C stock, 4. r cent. on the D stock, the 25. shares of 1852, and the 0 shares of 1853, and 6 per cent. on the 20?. of 1855, leaving a balance of 10? The capital account showed that 910,145?. hadikeenrecelved, and 915,705W. expended, leaving a b&lance of 5,560! againstthe company. The CHAIRMAa, in moving the adoption of the report, congratulated the shareholders on the contintued increase in lheir traffic, and compared various iteras in the accounts with those of past half-yer, with a view to show the progress they had made. Mr. Ban-DEL seconded the notion, which was carried unavnimously. Resolutions were passed declaring the dividends 3nentioned in the report, anthoriaing the directors to apply to Parliament in te next session for powers to alter the authorized aine to Rainford, and to raise 100,000?. with the usual borrowing powers. 11r. J. Gorton was appointed auditor in the room of hfr. Ctosfield, who retired, with a vote of thanks for his services. The proceedings then terminated. TAFF VALE. Tie dividendrecommended to he declaredatthe approach ing half-yearly meeting of shareholders in this undertaking will be at the rate of 8 per cent. perannum. LONDON AND BLACKWALL. The directors of this company recommend a dividend of 3s. per sbarefor the half-year endingthe 30th of June. The receutsamonte to37,55?, te epenes o '7,013?., anxd the irofit to 20,42?. Out0o thEis esuPm 4,3024 . is deducted for interest on debentures, leaving a balance of 10,480?. for the dividend. IRISH SOUTH-EASTERN.- It appears the directors oftbis copany haveenv*red mto afres a,rement e ith the Great Southern and Western Cooayfrworking the line fo-r three years commencing frouithe 1st of July, 1856I Under the new greement the latter company undertake to work the traffic on the line as usual, and m lheu of the net receipts to pay over to the Irish South-Eastern Company for the first year 11,5001.; for the serondyear, 12,000?.; and for the third year, 12,500?. The directors state that they did not think it advisablo to enter into an agreement for a longer period than thres years, becautse at the expiration of that timc thec expc that the line fromB3agen21stown to Weford willheopen for traffic, and ,that a cousiderahie increase to t,hc rec~eipts of the Irish SouhEser ala must ensue thereupon.
STRANGE STORY..-Tlae Si1ce& contains the followingstrnge stDry :-" As long ao, as 183 a; wine deAler, named Hubert, residingi the banlieue, wass ilned for Laving vine on llapremises whi~ch he had not duly.decla.e. Determined on rot weetingvith a nilar annoyance nfuturei he resolved ID" makoing. A hidin-g-place for his stockcj thei scret of which should not- be k-ownm even to hig wife. 'To effect his purpose, h'e was aconetomea .every night to get tup and *rork at a cland&tino ceUlir when -at lengthlt dieieaie,ad all- the researdiez -mad by. hi faally.to discover hintawere cma..d',.g. Yearnpiaakdow,r and his wife, findin a~lelngth that ebeco~anlbdno arr ote bufin,-.a pro. rl boiiiislf, sold the stock and ioodwiI and ietiEz" aucoeeeor -lately decided onz enlarging his hens. by. taking ina part of the garaden, when the men .tijoyed im dii~out. the foundation Buddenly eame,0 op anopenin in which tbey found the iloeleton. of. I amari, and nearit a =e aten up by rust. The sDoiminesa;y of 2olic 0 setfr xamond the X& f ..dta fro9mte plc here the skeletonW wsdaverea thlere 4ax a natroro reuagthrol~ which t'he cellar'of the wine dealer coald ereached& his. fat-t brought to the recollection of the
ROYAL YAC 8Q)OUADROX REmA7PA7 COWE9, FRIDAx EvY.NnzG, AuG. S. There was a granddisplay of fireworlhs on the Parade last night by Mr. Gibson, of the Westminster-road, and they certainly were of a veryaspeiior description. The Capricorn, yacht, Mr. C. R. A. Talbot, the Vice-Commodore, and the Brilliant, Mr. G. H. Ackers, -were brilliantly illuminated wvith coloured fires, as well as other boats in the Solent. This display drew a laige number of persons from Newport, Ryde, and other parts of the island to ditness it. - To-day the weather is again unpropitious for the race for Her Mlsiesty's Cup, for, althoughthere isa slght breeze,-ao-ompaniod by rain, it is-not sufficient for tho purpoes of good r .ing The regatta ball, too, takes place this evening, and,-as the members, of the squadron naturally desire to bo present, if they went round with their yachts iu the contesit for the cup their return in tine for the ball would bo extremely doubtful. THE LEANDER COAT AND) BADGE. This very interesting annual event was contested yesterday with the advantages of very fmue vwather, which, with the anticipations ofi rst-rate sport, prouced a very large assemblage of spectators. The encouogemoent griven by this club for years past to aquatic sports is well known, and never was their liberaity raore appreciated thau when they expressed their inteution of giving in each suoceeding season a stimulus to young watermen, not out of their time, in the shape of acoat, badge, and the freodom of the Water nmas Company. Formcrly this race used to be rowed from 1utney to Hanmmersmith in heats, but ont the present occasion, in order fully to test the lastinI qualities of the ruen, tho distance from Westminster to PutneZ was substituted, and with advantage, for the rac was of a most pleasing chaatei, and many hundreds, who wrould otherwise have been debarred, had an opportunity of wiiuessioig it, W. Bel, Iichmo. . P?Parker. Kingson. . . 1 0 r. E Xexara, ex-x*eet-,.C . - Paikmer, W6nster. . The veterAn coxswain, Jem Parah, saw that they were all right at their stations, and at a little beiore a o?clock they all effected a capit start, but directly afterwards eli took the lead, followed by P. Parker, tie othci bei g all in A cluster. Everazd then went cut as a good thid and shortly challenged P. Parlker to a - o*,ot powerful oontest, which continuoedwithout inrmriniona,:o the beging to the end of thace. So fLne was theri a of kill U d Etregth between them that EVerard again aud gain weatt mp to his quarber, when the Ahe had ai power en to tuillaway. Bell kept his own to the ds oepoee, gwinpin elcrO yrds. . ,, ,
STATZJ OP T4DA. The Leeds Chamiber- of Conmmerce thusreports-of the state of trade in Leeds and the neghbourhood. t- WooUn Tade-A airaiv "LMEEDS, Auro. 7. "Woolen. rade-A fir aerage anmount-of 'aieses las been. done in t'he warehouses during the past month, thoungh great caution has been observed by purchwsrs -in limiting their transactionsato actual requiremenMs Orderm fQr theo autumnal tr1-de are unusually late in beitrg ieceived this year, but now that there is a certainty as to the stocks of woolto be offered, and the probability that food, generally, vAll be at a, moderate price, in Conequence of the splend .avetprolspectsth ° ery atoife tade orsterolemn eallon. iessnrienaed.intheheoeratv baiesc ute in rull wo vemanto. the hoble, nue thue aro satisfied will the poresedt sats "P-trae hen fetdepartmenveS2t of t;hea beooren trad islike.0 which are to continae until the 26th inst. Some descriptions of colonial wool opened at a de.line of Id. to lA.JL per lb. on the closing rates of the May-June sales, and hire. progressed steadiy with a tendency towards finer prices. It is probable that abont'75,OMO bia,e will be ofered in this series. "p las_-This trade,weareglad toobserve, is graduay. improving, being decidedly better thin. hefo6 the close ot the war- and, as the.present fine weather seems to augur a lplentiulharvest, a stil further improvement may be looked for. The mis are in fU opstiation,andall deiescriptions-of yarn. are in pod demand. :Pries emain,pettystationry, but are looking somewhat fraser. L' 11Machinemaking.-Sin.ce the proclamation of-yeacs a marked change for -the better has takenplace in this department ; for flax, machinery,especially, th:e demand haz inuch improved beth for home. use -nd for exportation. Con. -siderable ac tivity rei gns in. the principal establUsments, =,I '"~nthelocootive department there are but few large orders -at rent on lssnd -in. the c6untry ; nevertheless, in somie estab lisiwhml-ents there is great animation. As-money becomes easier, there is every preso-ect of this biranch of mnechanical industry, which hias gr5vvn.to such importance in the town. of Leeds, being in a higbly active dondition. " Nailmaling.-We are glad tc.say this is an increasing]j -bu.siness in. our- town, and. that there is employ'ment for a greater number of hands than. is at present available. "IL-ro Tradc,-The iron-forger of this district are all in full employment, but in consequence of the p.resent sultry state of the -weather, the produce of bar iron is rather under the usual average. Prices firm. "1Leather Trade.-The iwrket is in a-very buoyant state andasome advance is, experienced on all descriptions. The tanners and curriers are actively'engagedl, though not to the extent of their capabiaities, in consequence of the scarcity ef the raw article."-
THE CROPS. TO THIE EDITOR OF TH TIMfES. Sir,-Ascthe resutrof -travelling-ffirough a large extent of England and a considerable part of Scotland, I am enabled to malke thefollowing statement in reference to this year's harvest. Everywhere wheat is a hea'y end promising crop. In some districts the heads are rather small, bt as a whole the yield wil be consider.Jbly beyon -the averageparticularly as an extra breadth was sown last winter. Barleyisrather a lighter crop than nasul; stil, in consequence of its being heavy on some kinds of soils, the gross produce will reach the avere. Oats are heavy and more than an average produce-but late. ,-eans a large crop, and where not too thick on the ground are well corned. Potatoes, though sound, are inferior-at least 25 per cent. below last years yield, and 10 per cent. below an average. Turnips very deficienrt but making rapid progress. Where there are plants an average may be tached, but in many pars-of England the land, afterbeing sow has beenthrown into naked fallow. In England, mangold-wurtzel a full average crop; in Scotland, comparatively a small bread&t grown. Taking all the various crops into account, there is considerably more than an average produce on the ground; but Much depends on the next f owr or five wedks being warm anddry. We have only had a very few weeks of dry -weather, and from the long period of wet weather before we may expoct a continuance of it for some time. If so, the markets will come still further down, but they cannot be very low this year. - I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, .T. LOCXEART MORTON. . Aug. 7.
DsA1romjr i a FAc-r Sr&AroN.-The port of 3)artmouth has been made - packet station, through the influence of Mr. W. S. Lindsay, M.P., br Tynemouth, -who has the contract fer conveying Her Majes's mails to the Car of Good Hope, the Mauritins, Point de Galle, and India. A steam er will leave tbe port on the 6th of every month, and the homeward-bound ships will make Dart. mouth t'he first port of call. It wll be remembered that Mr. Lindsay, who has thus conferred so great a benefit on the town, 'was a candidate to reqresent it inu:arixmeat; but he was defeated, by a smal majority, by Sir Thomas Herbert, ad he wasV subsequently. elected for Tynenouth. The first steamer-the England, of 1,150 tons register, and of 150-horse power-arrived at Dartmouth on Monday.: She has 400 troops- on- '>boaidr-for the Cape of Goo00d Hope, oonsisting of Captain Clevelanl's. company; of Royal Artillery, and 100 uo6n-oemmis6ioned cfficers and menu of the oOtb pegiment, -inder the commn of Captin Young. She wfill take out about oO,0ODOL in specie, princi- pellyfor the Cape of Goo Hope naudi,&aritnd h a;s foil cargo of -generA.l merebandise. Mr. IJndsay came down. -to Dartmouth on the occssion of the flrt arival, an 'ws entertained at a public dinner by the inhr.bitants. In reply. to the toast of his health,'rfI.Zdsay sai he hris'd most of the rts in thiB eountry, and the moient he -ss* -their be" harbour he thoughi- it ws dadbreporA' for him to send his ships to. They had a harbor that-could accommodate the larest sip in the navy, which eould.mter at anyr weather, and could float illany tide It was aleo an excellent port for the embarcation sud die harcatonofpassengerss and he considered that by. his sending his sips -tchere he should not only benefit the inabiats of the tow but himelf alo. The inhabitanti are aioui to erect a light house at the entrnc to the liarboni. ' . - 8o0nkmom Aug; 8.-A fine crewm corvet naed the EsmlAa ,of 855 taw berden. 2b00lmo pewo, and c g 20 g belo - ingtothe Chilian Gonsrmsnet, anaer. -the conimand 'o Admiral Simpieo, a-riye at thiaport lat eveanng after fine pa from the T The Eamerald Xis a XM raih-loo ea aidw boilt by yessrs. Pit!cer, of Northfl.s uider, Ni on superintendence of hler commnder. Che se-are -epoti U x d.p- w jr - gK:}rasalnseef --tben mitfor Valperso.- ' C*RAXD Ju; -~x~srm g S(b=AND).-The net amount of these stmnian l1t ) WM 97,21 includiag 83,196 or, neow roe, i bi ie,2 3,3G28W. for rep^ir ol'theYn tii fmor westori .aosslouses, 5,889. for gp6ix an_`bridawellsa, for: police and police ectablishments,- 68s7 21h,for ti &LUiatitieg =a , for i.p
R3wAIUS To BRIuS SRA2,rm y JT E.AimIoAic Go.-Tr. T1he Earl of Clarendon b}s weceved despatches through hfr. Dalla, enclozng tesdmonialp4 forweaxdedby the President ofte ia State for preentstion to Bitish smamen, -"i gratefal %cknowj jnent or oesm randeredt+o A=meivan sewmen umiler .riraane eoinmunicated to his Goverment b tbe Conslt of the lnated Stsat LiTexpocL A god chronometer and Chaim to Canain IL Wilson, sandam dal och to Gmc W Blar, George Finnis Gwrge lee, and M-DIa X, beinn respectively mter -snadiasewue of the British I.rk Eh,ief7Blf*zt and dslo a gld cbronoter. and ehuint. Cptain iosephl rk, oftheBrritish bark-Batticola of LiverpDooLIt appee.sthtbdmneian ridg ruae, Captain ZJoeep]b B. Wooeier, with a crer eonitng -of. mnar, two. niaes, a cook,. and foor seamen, sailed from Jaaieie. a port in Florida on the 23d of Deeber, 1855, laden Iritin lomber and.rinfor2Bord.ux. ihFance, that ont hfe 6t of Januay ffic lpranE- * nd on the monuigofthb. loth of January, Uwbflamas:in] ate, anl ila WAN W06 in WHit by The; }itiah- br Crusaaer's ew didl ot BUmSbotpoe fe ayboat tplive in t'he e then runnn faif l high, a indaft& the SBAah to lie by th. In the doo four c- ff esmaI'Vs:-ia vobintewa for te . t in th* boat to the Cruder, -ad after,ling eierjl t lilcebtr lee, iily afforded l.r cai nd o. of ber crev an op tt e io tebeat. - B u- the reune o their vasa, bat; encouraed bys, their cbptan whey ewiewd the NWgt, ,e iU a ad e r8 wits s . :the boa are o efour ,t :te. tde iu ine a edL th otr in T icwina, u1 ot e S DeeemKLbe. She*A ca i orn th elkC I;JnUZm bcr wrhole espmseaaep a and toabias Thee treewer tae taatlk ur^b tb dfXS ct rUe ofie of he Baisea au3d uihelyoiwjn*0Iiu jei Kr.,DX inhIXs.emit ieL oYlif Cdnd add t2ihoat _ee r.paaWU 1rw .*ii l - aeepaied .l,-*|ahsd theS* ,I;|< Bthe ._'so therhmn n .. ai.tdon Lmtce - aMr -: ~ irIiu :eUi - |
ZiOQuDOZY SATUBDAY, AUGUST 9, 15. IIow it is decided.that England shall have -na amy equal in discipline, if not in nuinm1se~, t9 X lhosts of tho continent, it is as well ra ;ope to nqtiire into our mnilitary position and -1Rros , lest 'rh! eu the ime -for action comes we be ragain told b the auth-orities of the day 'that haS lauitJerfo been on a falie basis, and that the .r±51i asy is fxom its nature incapablo of entersrg snto a Cr1paign. As it seems left to civiliam j"p<?;lJ; vtVdefects even in the minutest detail, thjeta can JA no assumption in calling attention to 'a ntost i rtnt fact of the late war. A retunm has:been made showing the number of non-comiIpiisso'oned officers -aud men borrLe oi the strendbh ^ gie arznyfrom the lit of June, 1854, to.the ''st of Agil, 1856, and how far the number so _ozrns: ll short of or exceeded -the authorized establishment of the army. Thie progressive defi' cen&.bf the actual as-comjared witlh the auth6. rized strength is the fact in question. .It appears that on the 1st of June,' 1854, the establishment voted by Farliament, and ioniinally existing,, con- is3ted of 8,721 non-commiioned officers and 153,308 men, while the effective -were only 7,610 officers and 126,089 men, thus leaving a defieiency of 1,111 officers and 27,219 men. At the outset of Ae war, then, before a shot was fired, and when our aamy was supposed, as far as men went, to be in its most palmy state, more: than a saith part of the numbera voted - was deficient. Bat' the evil made rapid progress. On the 1st :of January, 1855,. after the' first disasters of the Crimea, the effective strength fell short of the establishment by 1,964 non-commissioned officers and 46,618 men; thus more than one-fourth of the authorized army was deficient. -The deficieney increases to 49,247 men on the Ist of July, 1855,' and 53,738 on the 1st of October7; at the con-. elusion of the war, on the Ist of April last, the deficiency was 1,320 non-co7nnissioned,officers and I 42,270 men. These figures requnre little to convey to men's' mindsthe sense of their importance. The'factthat a year since much more than a fourth of our supposed establishment had no existence is sufficient to show that humiliation and danger may result from other causes than the - mere unskilfulness of military chiefs. After all, men are the substanee of an army-numbers the only basis of a system of defence. There is a limit which the most giftea General cannot pass, and without an adequate strength in his divisions and. brigades he wil have to woo nictory in vain. Although therefore no immediate danger presses, we ought to look for the means of insuring a' constant supply of men. Of the conscription in any form it is, of course, useless to. speak; not even for the -defence of the country are we able practically to force service on men against their will ; much more, then, must India or the colonies be supplied with troops by voluntary enlistmen,. Hlowv, then, are wve to make suoh enlistment plentiful and regular ? We commenced the campaign of. Sebastopol without a reserve; our only army was in the field, and, when destruction threatened it, people thought that British military powver must be at an end for a time. Happily, the great exertions of the country, a favourable spring in the Cirraea, and a long cessation of actual fightingenabled the Government to raise the army on service to fair dimensions. But, with the difficulty of recruiting, what would have been our condition if the season of disease had been prolonged or the struggle before Sebastopol had been more bloody? It is plain that we cannot trustl entirely to voluntary recruiting) unless the attractions of the service be increased. In this rich and busy country human labour is every day becoming of higher value. Population is increasing much mora slowly than commerce and manufactures. Emigration stil draws away thousands yearly, and we may expect that with increased facilities of transit the drain will continuefor an indefinite number of years. A rise of wages is g:adually taking place all over the kingdom. Education inspires yearly a larger mass with the desire of rising in the world. In these circumstances it must be expected that the attractions of a soldier's life will be yearly weaker. Even the peasants of Connaught have now learnt that they can earn their dollar a-day in America, and are less confiding in the eloquence of the recruitingsergeant. In fact, men will not give up their liberty and go round the world, wherever they are bid, for a shilling a-day, when they can earn twice or three times as much as free men at home. It is useless therefore to vote a large establishment unless some means be found of inducing men to, enlist. As long as peace lasts and men live the natural term of human life the defect is not so much perceived; the army approximates to its authorized numbers by the recruiting of several years, and the men, once enlisted, remain in the service. But it is widely different when any great increase is required, or when the chasns created, by war are to be suddenly fi1led up. It is then proved that the demand does not meet with a corresponding supply. The price which Government will pay for men does not come up to the market price, and is therefore not accepted. The love of excitement and adventure no doubt has its effect, but it is useless to count on such a feeling as a trustworthy basis of military recruitment. It may also be mentioned as a mistake of the late war that the men enlisted for several semicivilian corps received higher pay than the actual fighting soldiers. The Land Transport and the Army Works Corps were in this respect 'direct rivals to the regular service. MIen who had to work and watch in the trenches, to be out in aR weathers by day and night, to face t'he shell and bullets of the enemy, received much less than their comrades who had come out under the auspices of some civilian, to do comparatively light' work and to incur no danger. Such things are not easly forgotten by the soldier, and, if we wish to insure a due supply of volunteers on a great occasion, similar - inequalities must be carefully avoided. We have now time to inaugurate a new system, and, if late experience has not enlightened the authorities, then its use in the affairs of the world must be pronounced but small. Whether the pay of the private soldier should be increased, or the bounty be higher, whether the term of enlistment should be shorter,or the attractionsof alargerpension beadded, it is plain that something should be done to make thearmymuchmore popularwith the labouring man. He has little knowledge, no ambition, and much respect for the classes above him. These qualities are likely to make him a willing soldier when once enEsted; but he has, on the other hand, a spirit of independence which makes him unwilling to give up his hitherto free life for the restraints of a barrack. Either pay, or the prospect of promotion, or some hitherto undeveloped advantage in the soldier's lot, must be made the means of attracting him; and when we have got men we must be more careful of them, and not use them except for the legitimate purposes of. national or imperial defence. By these means -a smaller force wil be made to suffioe' as an effective preparation for war, and the troops, kept together in something like an army, will learn a spirit which may hereafter spread through our labouring class, and make them more ready to. embrace a military career.
" Let me write the songs of a nation, and L " care not who makes the laws," is an old enough saying, and one correct enough in principle, for it is better to take possession of the minds of the: miliions than of the few. If this be true of mere. ballads, of the compositions which excite but a -passing emotion in the mind, what shall we say. to the results produced by dramatic literature? .The agency is a fearful one, when there exist men of sufficient genius to direct it for evil or for good. 'What A-RISToPHANZs effected at Athens in the old ,Socratic days is matter of history. The dra-matist fairly beat the philosopher out of the field, and out of life-drove. him, as one may Bay, to his hemlock by way -of loving. cup. - Time w.as wheCi BEAnMIAuRHTR 'effe.ted 'in paulo-postrevolutionary France something more than the encycioptedists, for aJl their ponderous tomes. SonLEP. drove the youth of Germany to 'the foreats and, caves of their fatherland, in peron or in idea, so strong -were the, suggestions of his Bobbeis. We fear Mr. H.A'raISo AnqswORTE, or -the--servile playwright who "adapted" JacL 'S7¢eppard to''the stage, is not- quite free. from'par- ticip-ation in various bunglaries- and minor felonies. ENor, to come nearer to the point upon which we propase to toinch, is the modern school of Satanic writers in Paris guiltless of the imiMorality which. unfortinately prevali in that city. We entreat of our excellent fri;ends and allies not -to thinkl of us M jypocritez-and impostors because we advert to such a subject. lIondon has its'hideous vie as well as Paris. It is unfortnately but neceasasy to walk our streets at nigt in order to see that must give abundantsubject for thought-and regretto the spectator. We aclnowledge all this, and aimily desire that bad may not be Imade worse by the addition of Parisian stimulants to London abominations. Our English dramatists -to an enormouls extent, and our English writers, happily, in a far less degiee, have been. for some years past far too much in the habit of copying the worst portion of the brilliant literature of our neighbourss. Our object is but to protest against the introduction into 'this country at second-hand of that which in its original state must have received the unqualified condenmation of every right-minded Frenchman. Is there nothing in human life but harlotry and incest, adultery and seduction, which is worthy of the alembic of the imagination.? Surely, this beautiful world, with its starry canopy and its glorious sun-with its rich carpet of vegetation Clipped by the great umresting sea, is not one vast brothel ! Surely so many millions of huiman beings as exist at any given moment on its sMuface, with all their heavenward aspirations-with all their deep domestic affections-with their unselfish ho,pes and apprehensions of the future, are not ever conjugating the verb " to seduce" in one or other of its moods. Love is not always lus,t; nor do man and .woman always iuite their fates together 'with an eye to adultery and assassination. Every husband is not dways standing behind a curtain to catch his wife in the fact; nor is evey wif&reiady to sacrifice her duty and her self-resDect at t,he shrine ci the first pale-faced fiddler rank with tobacco reek who would lead her astray. Life in England, at least, is not ever an affair of intrigue, jealousv, adultery, and duels. The Satanic drama of Paris no more conveys an idea of English life in 1856 than it does of life in Peru when MAiNco CAPAC was a little boy. Now, the fact is that English dramatists of the present day-we except the farce-writers, who are rich and racy of the soil and ply their craft in an unexceptionable manner-are nothing better than sycophantic copyists of French filth. The other day we had occasion to remark upon the abominable opera which has been represented throughout the season which ends to-day at ;isR MAJEsTy's Theatre. We would now give afurnto the managers of tlheatres in which regular dramatic representations are presented, to the authors whom they employ, and to the audience who are not ashamed to afford their patronage to such exhibitions. We select this time rather than an earlier peried for such a purpose partly because the present lull in public basiness permits us to tur for a moment to such subjects, partly because the pieces have had their filthy run, and we cannot now interfere with the proflta of managers and actors. It is far indeed from our wish to use the power of this journal to the injury of any private enterprise, but heneeforward, and after fair warning, we shall be less chary than we have hitherto been in denouncing these unseemly exhibitions to the indignation of the public. A weeldy contemporary, the Spectator, recently imited in one well-deserved censure the opera of La Traviata and a drama which not long since was produced at the Olympic under the name of "Retribidiot." The plot in a few words is this :-A had seduced B's wife, who dies; B makes up his mind to seduce 's wife in return. B tells A's wife, in order to carrv out his little plot, that A has seduced and is seducing Cs -wife, which is, in point of fact, the case. Now, B has a younger brother, whom, in mathematical form, wo shall style B-, who is quite a boy. But B- desires to seduce As wife on his own -account, which complicates the, problem. There occurs a boudoir seene. 's wvife being mainded to avenge herself on A, who, as it will be remembered, had seduced C's wife, is waitng for B with that intent. A is neatly concealed. In place of B there enters B-, who warns Mrs. A that B's sole idea in the intrigue is vengeance against her husband, not love for herself. In the, midst of his expansions A enters fiercely and challenges B-. A and B--then depart, leaving Mrs. A to her reflections. This is the time for B, who comes in by the window, and -who might do anything he pleased with Mrs. A, so terror-stricken is she, but, like a noble creature as he is, he jumps out of the window again, leaving the lady to ring for her maid. In the fourth and final act we are transported to B's apartment. Mrs. A, regardless of her little difficulties of the preceding evening, comes to seeB at his lodgings, but, hearing the voice of A outside, she conceals herself in a closet. The object of A's visit is to ask hospitality for B-, whom he has wounded in a duel. Of course, it comes to light that the two B's are brothers. It suddenly Rlashes on A that, if this be so, Mrs. B, whom he had originally seduced, was the wife of the gentleman before him. A and B fight in the room, A falls, run through, the body-Mrs. A comes out of the closet, and throws herself on the corpse,. B is quite happy that he has at length obtained Bdrin'tion, but his joy is slightly checked by the&inteligence that poor little B- is just dead in his dressing-room. We ask pardon; of our' readers for laying such abominable trash as this before them, but the fact, -is that the above is a very fair average specimen of a French drama, founded upon a French noveL Our paltry hod-carriers in the drama business have not even the merit of originality, but are content to take this filth at second hand. Surely something better than this might be accomplished, on the supposition that men of ordinary ability would turn their attention to this subject, as they might to the maldng of shoes. Sir EDwAuD Lmrrox and Mr. SDAnmAw~ KiowEss, in::ourown day, have contrived to' obtain a reasonable amount of success without converting themselves into nightmen for the Parisian cesspools. One has head at an earlier period of such plays as Shl Stebps to Congue;, the RiVaiS, the'&dhooZ fox &anWt -and. a -few others which were not zwithL -out celebrity in their time. AreouEnls e'dramatic writers so entirely desittt our English ofinvcinVloA that' they cannot concoct a plot and imagine. ,a series of charactes w.ithout plagiarism of 'the most Iconttible. kind?9- We 'trust 'that English audience- will for the futture set their faces; against these contemptible and- filthy exhibitions. They 'are a disgra-ce to our country and our time. - '(All me world's a stage," is the old. hacmneyed quotation i;-e cannot in the case of our theadfes reverse the saying and add, " The stage is all the " world;" let um not, at any rate, make it the world's Athiest part. . .
'The Bombay journals contain the reporb of 3 meeting held in that capital to raise a testimonial .t:o Sir JAIMMETE JiEEtnHoy; an;d there is bmew -thino so remarkable in the circumstances which have c4lled forth .thistribute of respectthat.we must not-let the occasion pass without dwelling for a moment on its import. He.who has been thus honoured is-3a Parsee whose life is nearly conAiemporaneous with British rule- in IudiA; who, Btarting as a boy of 16 with a few iupees; has amassed the fortune of a merchant prince; who has not only acquired boundless wealth, but has fpent it laishly on objects of chatit aiidworki of great usefulness; and who, now that lhe has.passed the allotted span of human life, finds himself-the native of an obscure'Indian yillage-knighted by Hla AjESTY, en4owed 'with thu freedom or the first city in the world, and usurrounded.awith friends of every racer and -±ligi6n,'who *hile he is yet living determine lo rase a monument;to his fame. He is indeed worthy of that hono-ur. He' who has spent tle -quarter of a 'milhion of sterling money, not on himself, but on public wooks and charities, must be iio cormon man. It is not a legacy that he, has left to that amount. -There is- often - Vvery little- merit in these legacies, the gi coming to the pliciC only when it is useles3 to Jhe giver. But the munificence o£ a ma n 'who in his lifetime disburses to. that amount for the public good is something extraordinary. We find him devoting 16,0001. to a hospital, 15,000l. to. a home of charity, 15,0001. for a bridge, 18,000G. for waterworks. There is something more remarkable in such liberality than its munificence. It is of the most enlightened character, and p'laces this Parsee knight not merely among the foremost men in India, buit among the best of the British emnpire. He gave 7001. to the WESLIoTON Testimonial, 7501. to the Patriotic Fund; for the relief :of the Scotch and Irish in the year of farnine his contribution is 1,0001. Nor do his benefactions evince only 'very large sympathy; they exhibit the most adv~anced thought. 'The Parsees are the moat intelligent race in British Iudci. That Sir JAamsETzn JEJxExMY is the most intelligent. of the Parsees the hospital which he erected is a sufficient proof. The iatives of India are not remarlable for, their medical skdll; anatomical science is repugnant to all their ideas; a3nd in defiance of all precedenit, in impatience of all doubts, this enlightened. jnan built a hospital at his own cost, and in connexion with it provided books and primes for the students connected with it. Of the wells, tanks, and aqueducts, the roads and bridges built by him for the public, we shall not speak, although each is an evidence of his sound judgmenit not less than of his abounding charity; but it is worth while to point out one more item, which proves hoy truly he appreciates every element of civilization, and how keenly alive he is to the usefulness of schemes which have scarcely as yet been developed among ourselves. He is at this moment in negotiation with the Government for the institution of a school of design at Bombay, towards which he proposes to give not less than 10,0001. We who in this country are grumbling at the uncultivated taste of our people and. the corrupt art of our manufactures-grunbling, and doing nothing else, but leaving all to tne Boar-d of Trade, can admire this example. The natives of Inaia have strong artistic tendencies, and' in the Exhibition of 1851 showed to the whole world that their sense of colour is so flie, and method of handling so delicate, that no mechanical excellence is beyond their reach. What the. whole world sees Sir JASwETmE at once turns his attention to, and determines to develope Hindoo industry in its natural direction. These noble works of private enterprise are a fitting pendent to the achievements which have so brilliantly signalized the government of Lord DAnousrm, and. which we hnave very lately had the satisfaction of bringing under the notice of our readers. It would indeed be a miserable signx for India if its population worked on, in its own way, under British rule like beasts of burden, separated fiom their masters in knowledge, in feeling, and in purposa by all the gNlf which divides the irrational animals from man. Even philanthropists have at times been disrposed to take this despairing view of India, and to exclaimi-that the ski3l by which the Bomans inoculated their dependencies with Roman ideas is among the lost arts. Here at last, however, we have evidence of perfecti-apport betweenthelndian and the British mind. We do -not underrate the importance of good government, but we venture to say that, comparatively speaking, the influencea of individual and native example is -of more avail than that of the best government ever contrived. Ldrd DALuoussn, for instance, in the minute in which he reviews the events of his rule in the East, caDs especisl attention to the subject of female education in India. Knowing how -msuch the character of a people depends on the character and position of its women, and how degraded are. the Indian women generally, he took the schools for girls under his peculiar care, supporting them himself. It was nobly done. But we find also that Sir TAJrssrn JsoBHcy has given his daughter an English edlucation, and the example of the one is, in its own sphere, even more important than the precept of the other. At this moment the Parsees in the female schools of Bombay form an immense majority. 'Of 650 girls, 500 are Parsees; and there is, perhaps, nothing for which Sir JAsxSET3 deserves mlore praise than for the encouragement he has given to the cause of female education in India.
COURT UTRCULAB. OSBORN3E, AUG. 8. The Queen and Prince drove3 out yesterday afternoon. The Royal children also took their uSual exercise. HEer Royal Highness the t)uchess of lKent left London yesterday for Abergeldie, Scobland. Her Royal Highness, accompanied by the Princes Amnelie of Hohenlobe Schil flngsfurst, and attended by lady Agusth Bruce and Lord James 3MUa, went from her residence, Clarence-house St. James's, to the terminus of the Great Northern Raili way, and left by the half-past 9 o'clock train for New. castle. His Royal Highnes tho Duke of Cambridge visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent orL Thursday.
Cos'FIRrTiox or THE Lom Bisop ErECt OF GLocEsm sD Bnrs=oa.-The ceremony of confirming the election of the Rev. Charles Baring, D.D., to the Bishop-ic of locester andBristol -took-plaes, according to ancient usge, in Bow Church, befoze the Vicar-General (Dr. Travers Twiss) of the ArchbiUsop of Canterbury, an Wednessday last. The election on this occasion had beenm; ade by the Dean and Chapter of the cathedral church. of Bristol, .pursuant to the provisions ef an order in Counci,which directs that, in th .case of ai united. see, the election shall beomade bytheDean and Chapter of either cathedial church alternately. The morning service having been read by the rector, the R I trar of the Province of Ctanterbury (Mr. F. t I)yke) proceeded to read: HIer MTajestys letters patenlt, after which the oertificates .of. the election were exhibitedgand -the section confirmled by.the 'Vicar-General. The Lordl B3isghop elect then took the -oaths- Imeeling, after -ihich Ghe-i enera signed a decree for-the Ard.hdeacon of Canterburyr to install the Iord-Bishoqpirs- the cathedral church,6f Bristol. - . The Moniteur of yesterday announces that (oniat Walewski has resumed his functions as Ministerof Foreign Affairs, which had been filled dluina'his absence by AI. Baroche ad interim. V YISIT OF BRB MAJEMTY To TH CEA ILAWDS. -Aug 8.-It is the intention of Eer 31ajesty the Queen and his -Royul Highnass Prince Albert to pay an arlv tvist to Jersey and Guernsey. Should the weather peni the Royalry will embark to-morrow fromr Oiboroe-houw, on board tha Royal 'yacht Victoxia and Albert, Captain the Bon. Joseph 15enman, and proceed on asruise down Channel; caleing at' the islands en routc. The Rtght Ilon. IL Labouchere, Secretary of State for the Colonies, will attend IferMa-Jesty. This gentleman, together-with Sir James Clark, Iter 3fajest's-Physican, wIi emfbark from theo Sethixipton Docks to-norrow morning on boaid the Royal yacht Elfin;a ster-Comananer Baliis ton, and proceed direst to Osborne. - HE. MAJSrY's RoUT. 'To S&oTLND.-Her Mlajest1, inctead of 1j,roceeding1by the coast route from Newcasso o idLnurg, tis earwill catuse the Rwoyal trin to turn of lat Bermc ont the 28t]i,and proceed along the Kelao branah up the valley of t1e. Twreed, and thence by the.I Blawick branch to E;dinborgh. Dryhnrgh. Meirose, and Abbots&ord are comprehended in this route.-
I, . ,,, -.,.AMeICA. - X SOUTHAMT-N-, AuGG. & By the VTnited Stat e ail tmhi l, tam Wotton, which arrived 'off Oowe{his rtu nmg en rovie from No*wYork to Hvre, 'with the 13euli and English m0ils; $700,000 in specie ($105,000 of which is for London), and 93 passenger, -we have dates to the 26th nlt.: The Flton, Oil the 6th int.,i lt. 50.40 N. long. 3.18W.,exchangedsignalas'with the Bremen bark A dulgunde and ship Ffeahire, of and for London..E. : In the New York Senate -a bill hAd been psed provding that whenever unoccupied guano ilands should- be discovered by American citizens they Will be considered as appertaining to the 'United States. Th6 bill almo guarantees to discoverers the exclusive use of the guano deposits, and fxes the rate at which the article shall be sold. . The House also went into committee of the whole on the Army Appropriation Bill. Mr. Barbour, of Indiana, moved to amend theclause making provision for the pay of the rmy by addcig a disapproval of the code of. alleged laws of Kansas, and the manner in which they were enforced, expressly declaringthat,iuleMsstheyihouldbe confirmed by Congress, no part of the federl forces should be ermployed for their enforcement, nor should any citizens of-Kans be compelled to aid as a posse commitatus of any officer actg as marshal or sheriff in that territory. After a debate in which the Kmasas troubles were fully discussed a 3motion to further amend, by declaring that the laws of Kansas were null and void, was agreeIto by amajority. of 57 to 56. The first proposition as amended was then carried by 72 to 57 votes. The bill for providing pensions. for the reIief of the widows and orphans of the crews of. the lost ships Albany and Porpoise was also passed.. -The Senate also passed a bll providing for the compulory prepayment. of postage on all printed matter. A resolution wias offered, .calling on the President to answer whether Genera Smith had been instructed to - refuse protecdon to the citizens of Leavenworth, Kansms, from the border ruffians. A message was received from the President. recommending an appropriation of $300,000 to complete the purchase of and finish the new post-office at Philadelphia. The latest intimations regarding the Broolks and Burlingamne affair state that reports were current that Burlingame had received a challenge from M.r Bocock of Virginia, aLco that he had been advised by his friends to proceed to Niagara to await the expiration of the period assigned for the meeting wth Mr. Brooks. The Commissioners of Emigration had visited the quarantine to take precautionary measures to prevent a spread of contagious diseases to New York. The unusual number of vessels laden with sugar from the West India ports arriving at that port had brought rather more than the ordinary number of fever patients inthem. The health officer hadtaken every preventive measure possible, and, at the request of the board, the resident physician has appointed Dr. James Harcourt, who for years was employed in the Marine Hospital, as consulting physician, to take especial charge of fever patients. The means adopted render the spread of disease to New York impossible. The correspondent of the In7teUigencer writesfrom Kansas that Colonel Lane, at the head of 600 men, armed w"ith rifles, bowie knives, and revolvers, crossed the 3MissoRi into Kansas on the 21st uit. After crossing, Colonel Lane said he would go no further, but return and force his way up the Missouri river with his other regiment. General Raney, Colonel Baker, and Captain Pleasanton had arrived at F9ort Leavenworth. It was reported that a party of Cheyenne Indians had attacked the guardhouse at Fort Kearney, and rescued some of the Indians confined there, making good their retreat with vhe loss of three killed. Colonel Fauntleroy hiad arrved at St. Louis from New Mexico, and reported all quiet among the Indians in the northern part of the territory. The steamship Tennessee, Captain Webber, had arrived at New York, with news from Porto Cabello, LaGuayra,and PortoRico. Amongherpassengerswas Mr. J. H. Young, UJnited States' Consul at Curaoa, bearing papers to the Government touchina an important comaercial treaty lately concluded with the republi of -Venezuela. Venezuela was quiet. Cholera still prevailed at Caraccas. At Porto Cabello and La Guayra trade was dull. The captain and carpenter of the ship Vespasian, of New York, had died of yellow vfever at the firt-named place. The Governor of GuadalouDe had made a reduction on the duties to be-paid on American merchandise. The Tennessee having accidentally ran foul of - a schooner at La Guayra, CaRtain Webber was called ontopay $600,but.refused todo so, andforthis was seized by the authorities and sent to prison. Files of Bermuda journals to the 16th ult. state that, after a long period of dry weather, during whichthe whole face of the country had become parmhed and fears of a drought began to be entertained, genial rains had fallen. The military strength of the colony was to be reinforced by the 7th Fusileers, and several Br.tish gunboats were shortly expected. In the House of Asembly, on the 16th- ult., a petition w;as presented from Josiah Chase, late master of the American ship Sea Lion, praying a refunmd of certcain duties paid on the sale of that vessel. It was said that Mr. Mackintosh, late Governor of Antigua, had been offered the Governorshlip of Jamaica. Havannah dates to the 19th ult. state that the Captain-General was convalescent. He was about to be created Marquis. Brigadier-General Rada had left Costa Rica and gone to Lima. In the New York money-market the demand for money was active, and the supply less abundant; however, there was no difficulty in negotiating callloans or first class securities at 6 per cent. per annumn, a few banks having called in part of their loans. Brokers -were kept busy, but in the latter part of the day the money-market was again quiet. Foreign exchmngez. ruled quiet but firm. BaiLsers held sterling bills at 110, but few smnall sales only were above 109j. Paris'was firm at5.15; Antwerf, Ji16k? Amster 4dm to 4 Hamburg, 3 ; Bremen, 791 ; Frankfort, 411; l:Brlin, Leipsic, and Coloo-ne, 721 *o 72>-all for bankers' signatures, 60 d'ays' sig,ht. Frtclauss commercial drauaghts on England could bce bouaght at 1009, and on Paris at 5.lGj. - The etock-market was heavy, but the transactions were 3large. Trhe sales of cotton on the 25th nilt, were confined to about 500 to 000 bales, at unchanged prices. The higher grades of Ohio and other western brands of flour were firmer, while commonto good superfine State closeddull. Southern and Canadian were also firm. 'Wheat wras better for good medium to prime and choice lots, while all kinds were in good demand, at full prices. Corn was in quick demand, with free sales at 55c. to 5Mc. ior distilling lots, 60c. to 61c. for sound western mixed, and 62Ec. for round yellow. Pork was fim but inactive, vith sales of mess at $20 to. $25, 'hich price 'was offered afterwards for a large lot, and refused. Sugars were. frm and in good demand, with sales of a3bout 1,200 to 1,400nhds. at full p rices.' -Molates 'was fin, vwith sales of 200 to 300 hds. of Cuba and Porto' Rico and Cuba miscovado at 48c. and 45c. per galon. Coffee was in- good request, and closed firn, with sales of 4,100-ags Rioi at lkc. to llc- with -400 to 500 mats. Java at 14ic. to:4,c. U[n freights, ratesto British ports were steady, with a fair amount of engagements to- Liverpool and Ijondon, without change of moraeut in quotations. -
THuNDER Sroprs AT MAiH s=.-Thiunder storms burt over Hanclheatr and the neighbourhood on Thursday and yesterday, attended with exoeedingly heavy falsofrain. -the ahernoon of Thursday thela btning Wa vry vivid, ad for mesily an 'hour the rakn fe er heavily. Betwecn 4 and 5 o'clock yeterday morning the rinai Ae down again in torrents, awoompanied by thunder and lightning; and , third storm broke yeaterdayafternoon about 3 oclock. The fist storm did agood deal of daAne . AtManchester. the electricliad inured the tower outside andtheorgan inAidefHolyTrinijt:,79urh;-and At Emll. Brook, near Stalybridg, ji a,- cloud burast over the woods ealed the -. BriJhet." and Miied: the - water. course or brool: so, full of water- that the cmlvert underthecotton.mnisof-Mr.LAbl1 Harrison, called 111. brook-3pils, was brst, the f6dd carrying awayat the see moment the front wall of tbe weain-hd,and upwards of 20 looms, besides'cotto and other v bluaU.rope . The stream also bhust, into the mid of Mr. Ho ,Iewe lown flling thlec xol;-rom wit'hwater, -puttingut the etigine. fires, desroying a quantity of cotton, and sopping temill Forltnately, all the vorkp.eoplsscapd fro b the PROPOSED CEECEF VTO CIUST(WS FRADS.-The Castoms autbonties at lvUerpool have suggeed tt the irerchantsof that,~brt sal iie adailydefa&ld alit of ibe dutiespa;d~ by. enca finn n the . towrn, for the o t oroviding ceDt to the numerous frs,ids a 'ht1iel,e* lAtel.y praCtised by mnercantile clerks. It is be2ieve4 tha a nmuber of finnts 'wb9 ol4ect ,to their affls eig 1;huj tpnio scrudiy.wi organize aii opposition to the peoed
~- -IBAU~ND. - -, Ir1OwOux OWX (?EEUSXOJD )' DUMBLI, -JUbAX MUSING; oF S. P ATCK.T - pA- There -will a public- initiltion st St. -:tdckw Cathedral in thie oDurse of -the preent month buthe precise day is not yet decided upon -t s stic ted ySaunders's ffVewsetfrr that the ew kn- ight wil probably be tlioi Marquis of Iondonderzy, .he E.&l of Granard, and the arl of Shzewisrwy.- ' . . PUBLIC WOBPK5 (iscarYD).. 'A morning plper gives a brief anslysis of the 24th. RXeport of rublic WorkGs in Ireland, with appedices for tie year 18SD, .jut issued:.- . - " The ileas and transfor puNi; cwrot}s up to tfe 31st of December last amounted to the net siun, as far as wre can uindertand the, acount, of 5,809,8011.; the twotl iiiues having been 9,551,740!., andthe remision' 4,038,037!.- The total repaments to Her ajety' Excheuer ppearto havea*mounted.to 2676,109k. The commissioners have the Pleaaureygain to report the general auccessof tfhe operstioni under the I,nded Property ImproTementAc, ada thieimi prtantextension.ud impwrveruent ingreeu-crophui;b.dr whichhave follovedthe thorou-ghdraiiAg, acording to the *deep' system, nswpractisedinevar rt o 1rehlnE TUAer these acte 3,149 loems were saunctione the Tresury up to the 31st ef December, 1855, amounting- to 2,319,G30e., 6ut of these some were relinouiahed or canoelled. The stm issued on account bf workipn to the Slut of Deoenuberlbt amounted to 1,429,229., snd 51,700. bas baen advancoa* pronrietors for the erection of farmnuildings. The want of a sufficient uupply of labourrs At the proper seasons is the only impediminnt now encountered bylandowners in cirrri.g out their worl-s asapidlypand'extensivelyas theys it desire, but the present price of produce mnust give a fresh stimulustoexert:.on,andenablebeoprietorbyp roptio y increaing the rate of wages to attrt labourer Pipe-til, in preferenceto bf~oken stones as conduits for water, are now generally eed, where -they can be obtained at reasonable rates. T he commnissioners state tsat, notwithstanding. the mania for emigration, the greatbodyof farmers whoremaiL a p pear steadily to exert themselves. In many districtg of the souIth-west ofIreland ax has been lately introduoe4 and the feilure of the potato crop has caused a complete revolution inthe farmng system of'.;te island. 6,700 acre5 were thoroughly &-amed last year, and aconsiderablepDrtioi of the drained land has been subsoiled. As regards ingstown Harbour, it is reported that the works are proceedinu and it is expected that in twelvemonths a berth for ' largest class of ateamshipe-illbe completed."ff' 1i Mi }EDUCATIONf QU=SfOXN. Tne inquiry, not yet wholly perfected, into :the management of the endowed schools of Irelaind appears to have hal-an awakening effect upon one, at least, of the somnelent bodies, whose mode of dealing with a public ;rust came under the rigid scrutiny of the Comnnisioners. The 5 Iaoorporated Society," a venerable and retiring body, have just announced their intention of extending to the city of Dublin the advantages.of a cheap day school for themiddle classes, so as to affordthenmosttfavourable opportunities for Appointments in tihe civil service, &-c. Tne school is to be managed by a comI3nittee, three of whom are -junior fellows of Trinity College-namely, the Rev.Dr. Carson, the Rev. G. Liongfield, and thu Rev. J. IV. Stubbs. The instruction is to comprise English in all its branches, mathematics, and natural philosophv, -iththe addition of tL:e modern languages when required; classics. however, are to be omitted. The terms are to be 20s. &-4uarter without foreign languages, for -which there is an extra charge of 21. per anuum. There is nothing in the prospectus to indicate that the "Incorporated Society' mean to relax their old system of exclusiveness and to extend the benefits of the school to children of all creeds. nARvEST I¶ROSPEcS. The DuNlin Feising Packet has, the following report bf the state and prospects of the coming harvest:- "i Seldom has a season pwsed in 'which thefarmer has had weather more propitious than the prese -t. The intens6 heat is rapidly maturing the grain crops over the entire king. dom. We hear fears expres-ed concerining the safety of the -potato crop iu many. uartera, but, if we may judge of the soundness of that escul entbythe samples daily reaching our chief mnetropoltan and provincial markets, no anxiety need he entertained aboutita fainueoreven artialinjury. Where oats and wheat are beneath the uaau yield, causes quite 'within the control of the growers have led to this poverty. Ill-treated or neglected land cannot produce bounteousland if the cultivator contents himself with merely half-preparing the soil, ie must reap as he has sown. Everything tends to confirm the opinion that we shall have an excellent harvest, not alone in quality, but in kind. Some farmers, no doubt, regret the advent of the old days of plenty. War prices and naked barns have stimulated their expectations, and rendered them insensible to the fact that a conlinuaticn of moderate gains, wit.i TA roportionate cheapneas in other branches of industzy,. i 'etter than a fiMal and deceitful season or two of great returns, balanced, perhaps, by an equal period of pro6trition. The shrewd, intelligent agricultnrist is never betrayed by these sudden excitements. The economy of trade has tisght hiim to rely alone on steady, regular efforts, with average remuneration. Foreign requirements are likely to be moderate this 'season, sothat thehome mar;ket willbe oire Iprincipal consumei. The Bansner of 17ster, in the course of a long and carefully drawn UD agricultural report; comes tovhe conclusion that the yield of 1856 wil exceed th3t "Wheat lands have rarely presented n, more favourable appe.aance at this period of the season. On the highly celtivated soils in the immediate neighbourhood of 3Belfast the croD promises to turn out 35 to 40 bushels per acreandin teraore rural districts the averagewillfullexceed 30 bushels. The autumn-sown wheat has been much less affected by the heavynains of July than Was at fi antici-' pated; no quantity of the crop was beateai down, and the remarkably fine weather of the last forluigat lhis made the gsreatest improvement on both spring d autumn-sown. Oats, so far as we have seen, or have been able to. learn from our various correspondents, do not apear 'ust s' favourable as the wheat. Straw 'will be short on sorie lands, owing to the cold weather of the late spring. ln the. absence of theregularofficialreturns,we cannotgivetheexct area of land occupied by the oat crop in Ireland this year: but we should say ib cannot be much under 2,250,000 acres., Barley, is. to all appearance, a full average. The flax crop is pretty fair, but in numerous instances the stems are short, stunted, and- of inferior colour. The wet, cold~ weather 'and sharp frosts of June set in hardly on the -oung plants, and gave them an unhealthy aspect. The potato lands, which cannot b3 under 1,000,000 acres, never before looked so well or promised so largely as they do at present. Thera are ields ef potatoes in this and the next county, which, in all the outward -ha- racteristics of a 1srge crop, have never been equaLed.: Strong and powerful stems and a sturdy braidth of leaf are to be seen in nenrly every field. The crop was planted ' early, remarkable care was takenin the choice of reed, ana the after-labour has been well attended to. As usual, we' have had some melancholyprop'hecies abouti o'return of the disease, and withered leaves awetreasured up b" the solemn' watchersfor the 'incipient malady,' as though every evidence of disaster were a subject ef suec gratulation. It is well that these heialds of the doleful are zo ifted with the povweref bringing aboat a fulfiment of their own rsre-. dictions; if they were, we might once agIn resignourselve to the learned inanities of Sir Robert Iane nd the o'ther gentry, 'vho, as. the potato doctors of 1846 delighted the Irish farmer with theiringenious absurdities." ~EF=NS. Three per Cent. Consols,-954; ditto, for account, Auzgst 12, 950, ; ditto, for new account, September 12, 95; Mew. Three per Cent. Stock, '954 z; Nationai. iak ! (a lo. paid), 334 ; Royal Bank. (10!. paid), 22A; Cit of Dnbli- Steam Company, share of 1-3G50! paid), 301 ; Dublin aid Liverpool Steamship Building Comuny (50!. pid); 46. liailways.-Great Southern and- Western, .4 per 'cent, preference (1S7. paid), l2S; ; ditto, paid in fnl (20!.), 194 ; rith Sonth-Eastr (12!. paid), for account, 87te 5; Mldaland Great WVestern and Iloyal Canal (oO0. ;1i554; 'Wateiford and lImeric (50. paid), *orDr Eccount,i1Sl
SMMA sAY RA:F-H0OLDAY.-It was expeted that, the courts.having risen, sxnd the eqiy. igsa left tow,n, ageneral. order wouldahave brenissuedassini. ofthepfcSessionthsaoforaieo' ' latng he raciceof quty o tat f cmmo>lw, by thes limitation of the -time of service of pleadings k-c., on satusx. days. Tli nmot bein,;xtbo case, however, the effots to pro.r CUre a wee'kly kald-ho lyday On SatustlaY% to the mlepibi, o legal p miesson are eobtinued. Wr. B. Cur, aw stationer, of Chancexy-lane, publishes i- daily list of those members Of the legal r -whose o flceg are clsdaj P aum ofStrys. e a Pubihned 6zi UMM rsday ghves 2 oal c30 inaividzas oifirmina ,whoee offgoe ice,e - that hour on Saturday, eAd.Ifr. OX- invite the metimbers Fm§3rrvAi 0or Tar, Tmesss CHomh. -OrL Thuda the officia-prograinnie of t - th e trin-eex of " the th coirs Of Worcester, Herefor, and 4f,iat a-; named ezAhedral city was issuea. Pro iit i w the meating will be beld oxi the 9t, INS, T ad orth o Septenhber, and that Her Naxat,i eofth isdrnln.a beerLaecr3rel. buag ofas Prebident, axid EArl ]fthRdub ,L dLteto,adLord :atemnua, the Bishopbs of ct and Eriao r e and Hefare t a f singers axe Madasn lr amho Mr.CaeHpot, -Madlamte Viardot Gri,Mdm Ioi r n Is Lockey, Mr. SisRee,Y.Wis r hma.n X. Gmaser. . Mr. Ait stecnutr r oesed Sinith the orait n r os,6u~ hisr. :n1ental bandhsbe seetdfenteOe:ad Londont concerts,and-h niecchtawunn 300 perforneru.- On th Brs bnz"g he elh fTll cathiedral servioeaxd a sem-nAt wkil pereeoahed by the newli-elece --Bishop 'of Gioo@*zW an ristoL., ~On Wednesdy mcTing. wiu be, gien Mendebchik's ZIijokh, on-. "fyssmig art. L of Biadn'sCtel-eion, Mfosart kgVjjVhrn anjd selcti texa the W m hill aT,e wl evnHadlsXsiAto,3i ~ ~ ~ ~ 8remt1onthree of obsiracting the ae~ombeo Dvn wmi tserv. Itis,theede cavflatdrLr,e ~on each moaniingatl,adac vnnofteetiaa5 O'Cloch, at Wihioh eeneso 1thecaera.l soeteaiat. ..
3LEABY AND NAPAL IN.MLIaEWCL We-1-ty -as to ave i resviawa the British German rOgion at the camp at Browndown, G osport, last evening. Und I-s0 the Ist (King's) D)ragoon Guards. Every pre. ,Dralioa was made before;hand by Major-General Breton, | .the ieudenat, CGovernor of Portsmoutb, Commander-in. hief a' the o'a -West disiat; buttheweather was sowet and unfavourabla the whole day that Her lMaiesty pst. poned the ceremony, and 'he lot Dragoon Guards will poCeedto-Aldershott to-day. Izevet-Major Newdigate, 2d Battalion Rifle Bnigade, is I appointeA. Brigade-Major to th3 Brigade of Riufes at Alder-Zhott; and BrovetMajor Ross, of the 3d Battalion, is ap. Pointed Aido-de-Camp to Colonel Lawrence, comma:ding The bri-gade in camp. Both ththe ofiswers have AOerve isn the B=st, and were promoted for gaUantry in the field. * Captair the Ron. B. R. Peflewt, Rifle Brigade, is ap-: Pointed Aide-de-Camp toBrigAdierGeneralVonSraubenzee, tceamanaing one of the brigades in DLblin. The dapOt of the 3d Battalioa of the Wie Brigade, con. istingot 0 mrank and file, joined the garrison at Win. cheser oa Wednesday last from Portsmouth. The followng officers are attached to this depot :-Captain Alexander, oamnauding; Lieutenants. Ansten, Storey, Lascelles, and 3.Wylie;- Ensigns Chamberlain, Edwards, and Arbuthnot. On Wednesday a public dinner was given at- Coventry to the Scots Greys, or 2d Dragoons, which came into the town on their vay to Ireland. The ofiEcers and men of the 1Oth Hussarn, quartered in the town, and the pen. eioners of tho district, ware invitefd. After the accustomed loyal taLsts, 'the chairman (Mr. W. Lynes, mayor of Coventry) proposed the healths of those brave men.on whose, behalf the company had that day assemlled"Colonel Griffiths and the Royal Sots Greys." Colonel OGrifliths, in returting thanks, ansured the company, on behSIe oi every officer, non-commissioned'officer, and nan in the regiment, that the reception they had met with in tha city of Coventry would.. be for- ever remembered, for never had they received so cordial a welcome as ;ma shown by the immense gathering of people. Of the deeeds performed by the (breys at Baldaava the company around him were sufficiently aware, and their dindness and hospitality seiowed him that those deeds were duly appreciated; that they a21ued the men who dii their duty under whatever circrmnstances they were called upon to act. He hoped he might be pardoned if he said he was proud of the command -ith which HIer Majiesty had been pleased to entrust him, and of the honoar borme on his breast, which the mea of the regiment nuder his command had won for him. Several other tomsts, appropriateto the occasin, were given and duly honoured. The company at dirner nxumbered about 450, of whoa 300 were privates, 30 officers, anad 120 civilians. Her Majesty's ship aestic, 81, Captain James Hope, C.B. left Spithead sesterday for the Medite-ranean. The steam yacht Black Eagle, Master-Commander Petley, left Portsmouth yesterday for the westward. The Sal1amander, 6, steam sloop, Commander Mecham, left Portsmoath yesterday afternoon for the westward. ,The W. S. Lindsay, left Portsmouth on Thursday night for the eastward. The Simla, steain-transporb, Captain T. Russell, went into Portsmouth-harbour on Thursday evening, to land her troops, &c. TheVivid, steanvessel,,arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the Thames. His imperialFrench Majesty's corvettes Le Faune, Oom. modoreBafoet; Le Chasseur, Captain Mallet; and the steam despatch boat Goeland, Captain Borguis Desbordes, arrived utSpithead yesterday morning, from Cherbourg; the latter towed the two former. There are on board the corvettes *bout 100 midshipmen from the Imperial French Naval School, who have been sent to Portsmouth to inspect the naval establishments. The Commodore (whose broad pendant files on board Le Faune) and captains were preseated to the authorities at Portsmouth by the French ViceConsul, IL Vandenberg, yesterday. Yesterday the A. field battery of 6 guns and 11 carriages, with flofficars, 184 men. and 122 horses, embarked at LiverpooLfor Dtblin, to be followed, on Tcesday, by the C field Lbatter, of equal strength. The fitting of the screw of the Tarkish frigate Gaywan 33ahri is being proceeded with by Mr. laird at the Sandon Graving-dock, Liverpool, under the direction of Xustapha Bey, on behalf of the Sultan, and Captain Bevis, R.N., and the Admiralty authorities at Liverpool, Another new llurldshriigate is e-pected to arrive in the Mersey in a few days, for the pu-pose of havingsimilar fittings applied. The steam-transport Clyde, To. 145, Captain Anderson, ariivedat Wooleich on Thursday night from the East, with two officers of thoe.72d Highlanders and the Royal Horse Attillory, and 539 men of the LandTransport Corps, a com. pTete field-battery, and srudry addressed packages. She iS o remain moored in the rivar off the Arsenal Pier until zrrangements have been entered into for the disposal of the corps. The floating steama-factory Chasseur, Captain Brightman. from Balaklava, with 65 artificers on board, arrived at Woolwich yesterday at 4 p.m., for the purpose of landing her factory machinery, which is to be disposed and arranged for ias in Woolwich Arsenal. Major-Generat Sir W. F. Williams, Commandant of Woolwich Gardson, attended by Brigade-Major Shaw and Captain Freeth, Deputy-Assistant Quartermaster-General, Zesterdaymorningpaidanofficialvisitto thetroops encamped on Woolwsich Common, and inspected the tent stabling. At half-past 10 the General retmued to the Parade-grourd and officiated at guard-mounting. He thence proceeded t the Artillery aehoo%, which he minutely inspected, as well an other institutions of that esiablishment, and afterwrard Passed in review the whole of the field batteries, which were drawn outt in line for that purpose. In addition to the detachments of Royal Artilery under e,rders from Woolwich for Gibraltar, other detachments ihave received directions to hold themselves in readiness for 33armuda. A large detachmeit of the Medical Stag Corps aTriied at the hend-quarters of that corps, Chatham-barracks, from the Crimea, on Thursdoy night, having disembarked at Portsmozth from Her MajestyWs screw steamer Perseverarce, Commander2lacdonald. The medical staff orderlies who arrived are to occupy St. Mary's barracks. An order was received yesterday at the headquarters or the Royal Engineers Chatham, directing the 4th company of the Royal Sappers and Einers, who have recently arrived from the Crimea, to proceed 'this day to the camp at Alder. shott, under the command of Major L. Nicnolson. On the tFirebrand, 6 guns, paddlewheel steam-frigate, Captain the Hon W. S. Spencer, being paid off at Sheermess, thefollowing petty officers received the good conduct gratuity-viz , saao Lewis, quartermaster, second time of receiving good conduct gratuity; Wiliam Kemster, gan. ner's mate; Matthew Lipson, boatswain's mate; Thomas Terguson, captain of the afterguard; Bombardier Emanuel Iodder, Royal M1arine ArtUery; and Edward Heath, leading stoker. The First Lieutenant of Marine Artilery H. J. Jell, and the boatswain, Mlr. Josoph Kallaway, were presented by Captain Spencer with the riband and medal of the Legion of Honour granted by the Emperor of the French. This ship since her commission for active service in the ltae Russian war has had eight different commanding officers; the first was kdlled, and three others were wounded; only four of her original officers returnedhome in her to pay off, all the others having been either invalided for sickness caught by exposure to climate, or promoted. On paying off, the entire ship's company ex pressed their villingness to volunteer for any other sbip to which their gallant and hon. captainmight hereafter be appointed. The Argus, 6 guns, paddlewheel ste:m-sloop, Commandse Bichard Peris,has arrived at Sheernes3 from the North American and West India station, Last from Portsmouth. 9heowas inspected yesterday by Captain len Frederick -_era. of the fia-elnp Waterloo, for the Conmnander-inChief. Hi5 LordsMip paid a high compliment to Comnander Richard Pusvis, his officers and crew, for the efficient state they were all in. The Args is to be paid off. She is then to bh placed in the steam squadron of reserve .2ize Vigilant, 4 gnsa. screw steam gun-vessel, Commander William Arinytage, left Sheerness on Thursday, for a trial cf her machinery. Sh' .eceeded down to the iouse Baoy ad returned to port. oer raverge speed, under the unfavourable circumstances of her screo no' being immersed, was 10.2 knots, her engines making on an averag e 82 revolutions with I51b. pr5usure on the squre inch. The Dee, 4, paddlewheal steam troopship, MsterzCommander Thomas C- PulLen, arrived at SheerneEs from Pembrolse-vard on. Thursday. *Tho Maaces, 17 guns, steaniloop, Captain Arthur Farqubar, lisi Sheerness Yesterday, in tow o.^ the African steam-vessel, Second Ilastr-Corniander P hnflar ve, or Chatham, where she is ordered to hafe her defects iade good- Tho following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty Lieutenant Doas Herbert, h thoe Aanethst; A. J. Etoi r andA. 1 . upuis, mdsm na to the Alacrity; S. A. A?8 Cape), navel cadet to the Itighflyer; G. Everest, surgeon to the Higbflyer: lasso B. Moorman, assistfnt. paymaster to the Waterlooh James B. awlingrs asistan3tGenevaer mt the Brnswiek; John Adams, .asstant-pay. -aser to the oAetiyst; James cRay insistant-pamsiter £o the Princess Royal; ; E. S. Batt, eler' to The Conqherors; H. M.fD. Wilson, clerk tothe Brgnz wiTok. Fr, PorSON.-" It is a. curious fa.ct," says fthe Courier de l?Jo6n* "that althoug the butchers' shops aWt Geneva ore eli open, ad an immense number of flies may be seen on the outside walls, not one comes inside. This is caused by the inner wlls being rubbed coer with laurel oil, whill.s is an efectua preventive aintthe intrusion of these troubles6sieinsects. The same oil is al3 wsed with success in preventin; the flies from spoiling the gilt frames, of lcokin.-glaen, pitun, C.
2?IS-X8H ASSOrCIATIO for ta AD3TAN0.Xffr I-11 ~ - OF INNE. - * ' : CHETENIM iu6Ua' B. Thesoireat Pitti-espa lat night was rather*aUt a;%Mr. There was to have been a display of fireworks, but, oluing to some carolessness onx the part of the GreatWesteWm Bailway Company the fireworks misarried, and Conae quently no exhibition 'took place. 'The Cheltenham band, augmented for the bccasion,. a in attendance, and the tIecWirc light was disolayed from the to? of the Pump-rooxo. TJhe sittings of~the'aectionls were conhnaedtoeiy, andthe folowing p3pers were re4d:-.- SEcioEC11 L.-bIATSIEMATIOALAG ParvrcA. Scrmc A. Cayley.-Provisainal Report on the Progres of Theo. retIcal Dyunamics. F. A. Osler.-Supplemental Report-on Atmosphoric CurTents. Dr. Hincks.-On the Eclipse of the Sun mnentionedin the first book of Hierdotus. Dr. Booth.-On the Geometrical ypoe of Logarithms, and the Trigonometry of the Parabola. Rev. Profecsor Po-welL-On Fresnels Formnul. Dr. Greeno.-On the Working Model of a Machine for Polishing S,pecula and Lenses; the Construction and Use of a New Polis Sr. A. Claudet, F.R.S.-On various Phenomena of -Refraction through Semi-Lenses, producing Anomalies in tho Stereoscopic Image. E. Vivian.-On Photographs, illustrating a Now Process of intro4ecing Clouds and Artistic Effects. SEOTioN C.-GEoLoGy. After a few introductory remarL-s from Professor Eamsay, the first paper on some uhenomena of the Malvern district Twas read by the Rev. W. Sgmondsa. A!fter giving a general sL-eteh oftheMavernshilLS, hepaieon tothe objects of the-paper, which v/as the origin of the Elaffield conglomerata, and the mneans by which the Cam'orisn boulders hlave been imbedded therein. Professor Ramsay'3 glacial theory, he remarked, could hardly, in his opinon, account for their presence. He suggested that, after the period of elevation of the Mlvern; the Cambrian rocks, of the Long mynd series, formed the shingle orn thebeachof thesea which at that period washed the base of the Malvernhills. He also showed a small inolluuc, which he stated. Wa permian, from the Keuper. Professor Pxnrs, in a fewromarks on thl subject, gave a qualified support to Mr. Symonds' sugestions, and called On Professor alamsay to give some observations on Mr. Symoads' theory. Professor RASESAY replied, in support of his theory, that the Raffield conglomerate was deposited by glacial action. Professor BucExzNv next rend a paper on the oolitX rocks of the Cotteswold hills. ?Professor Ow'mE followed with tvro papers,-Ist, On a new species of Anoplotherioid mammal from the npper eocene of Heraweil, Hants, with remarks on the genersm dichobane, xiphodon, and microtherium; and second, on the scelidotherium leptochephalum, a megatherioid qua. druped, from South Anserica. The principal point was the extraordinary breadth of the femur. He also showed a drawing of the skull, and remarked the analogy of it to these of the megatherium and the ant-cater. The large size of the lachrymal bone and fosmss, and also of a channel leading into the mouth, togother with the large aperture for the passage of the linqu-a nerve, show the existence of a large tongue. After some observations by Professor SiDc'wnoX, tending to give a more popular account, Sir BODERncic MuRessos introdaced to the notice of the section the geological map of tLe Cheltenham and Swindon clistricis, publlshed by the Geo. logical Survey of Great Britain, and callel upon Mr. B. Hull, F.G.S., to give an accoant of this map, which had been constrcted by that gentleman, under the direction of Sir IR. Murchison and Professor Ramsay. As this memoir will bo published, and will accompany the map, we need only remark that the information it contains will repay the labour of a perusal. Dr. WInsTr read a paper on the occurrence of upper I;as ammonites in the so-called basement bed of the infenor oolite. He supported his views as to the shalegraphical position of this bed by an examinnation of fossils which are embedded therein, and are identical with the Whitby upper lias fossils. Mr. C. MOORE then followed by reading a paper on the middle and upper lias of the west of England. !r. Mofoore illustrated the paper, which was very interesting, by a number of specimens, and also amnsed the section by in. forming them what animals were contained in cerbin nodules from the lias, which, oubeing broken, presented the animals indicated by Mr. Moore. Professor Rams-kv, in complimenting Mr. 3Moore on this paper, said that this was the first time he had heard or seen clairvoyance applied to geolog, and that it might be safely predicated of Mr. Moore that le could see through a milestone. The business of the section concluded with a paper read by hlr. J. E. LEE on some fossil fishes from the reselle, anid a notice of an elephant's molar from the Cerinthium limestone (eocene). SEcrzoN D.-ZOOLOGe AIN-D BorzTAr, n;CuLlDLNr Psyv SIOltOGY. Rev. I. Jenyns.-On the Variation of Species. Professor laenslow.-On Triticoidal forms of digilops. Professor Henslow.-On the Speciic dentty of Centanrea nigrescens and nigra. Albany Hancock.-Remarks on the ADatomy of Brachiopoda. Professor Goodsir, hLD.-On the MorphologicalRelations of the Nervous System in the Annulose and Verterbrato Ty; es of Organisation. Dr. VogeL-Description of the Ajuh, a kind of whale found in the River Benn6 (Central Africa), in September, 1855. Joshua Ailder.-On some new British Zoophytes. Dr. Williams.-On the MinuteStructure of the Brauchice of the Echinidae, and in the Ceyhalopodous Mollusca. Dr. Williams.-On the iJmad System of the Nematoid Eutoroa. Andrew Murray.-On a New Species of Echeneis. STICrToc E.-GnOGRIAPvY AiD ITH1OLOGY. Dr. Dtr.NcAN MACPHIERSON, liispector General of Hospitals, late attached to the Turkish Contingent. read a nost interesting paper descriptive of his researches at Kertch and ir. the Crimea. Dr. Macpherson's duties at the late seat of war having led him to Kertcb, he was induced, by hearing of the former discoveries of the Russians, to commence exc.avations, which eventually led to the discovery by him of somanyinterestingtraces of the ancient city of Pantica1seum. There are fewr asios so replete with interest as the Csmmersan Bosphorns, once oneof the most flourishingsettlements Of the ancient Greeks, and the extreme limit inthese Parts of .'he colonization of thisvwonderfulrace. here the arcebologist and the seacher in natural history will stiU find a wide field for exploration. Dr. Macpherson was stationed there from October, 1855, to June, 1856, but the severity of the weather rendered explorations impossible, and his pablic duties as principal, medical officer over a force of 20,000 men so continually occupied his time that he was unable to prosecute his rescarches, The prasent town of Kertch is buitt close to the site where 500 years before Christ ths blesians, who were of the family of ronians, formed a colony and founded the city of Panldcapneum^. Tlhe colony of Cherson, near Inkermannl, us fundd aoutthe samae period by the Donarns, a peoplo I a 2iffi vgththose Of the colony of blletus. History records that the race denomin ated the CimmerLans originallyr inhabited this localty, and that the Tauri, a savageand cruel people, who made offerings and feasts of human vic tims, and whose dwellings cut out of the solid rock are still seen around Kerth succeeded them. The Saythians who appear to have descended from the mountains of Thibet in Tartary, and were probably the ancestors of the present race of Tartars, conquered the Tauri, and became thesTauro S&ythians. Crossing from Pontus, where they held sway, the MiElesians e.pelled the Scythians and founded a kingdom, which, from the salubrity of its climate, the fertility of its soil, and the industrious habits of the colonists, speedily arose in its prosperity and became, in its palmiest days, the granaryof Athens. They dedicated their new citytothesy;lvangodPan;becauseoftheabundanceoofthewine found the worship of Bacehus became very general among them, and they called the chief city of this colony Panticapeum. It Tms built on a range of hills wvhich formed at this period an isthmus into the bay, the arerpolis occupying the foreground. The sea has now receded, but a sh%wow salt water lake still marks the limits to which it formerly ex. tended. No axtis neededlto acdtothe beautyof this situation, with the ocean washing it on three sides, and with its heights commanding an extended view of the surrounding country and of the Cireassan coastbeyondthestraits. Even in its ru;es, this regal sest of the Bosphorian kings, once the residence of bthridates the Great, will ever be con. side-ed an interesting place for the researches of the historian and antiquary. The range of heights on which Panticapeum was built occupied a plateaufrom Mons Mithridates, formerly a precipice above the sea (and supposed by Clar;e to the samewhenceMIithridatesthrew the body of his son Xiphanes into the waves), extending -lo a distanco of about four miles, and terminatin in a hug-o artificial mound, surrounded by acidrcular wail of stones placed regularlytogether wthontemaent. This hill is placed upon the inner valIum or caotier of the Bosphorian empire, and the work still ebs in many places in an entire state, (having a diteh in ront; and passiin across theusancosula to the Sea of Azoff. Somo distance further ou aothe sehond vallum orsbol nar,-the oltermostvallum, thich separated the Bosphors from the country of the Tauri being nlaced between Arahat and Tlseodosia. About 50;years before Christ this colon1y become subject to Rome, or rather to a satrap of the Roman empire, .from the circumstance of the Bosphorian Kings, wiho wiere alsorzulers of Pontus, having been subued by this people in Asa n the year 375 of our era the colony was utterly anihlted by the Runs. Barbatous hordes succeeded one upon another thereafter until A.D. 1280, when the Genoese became possessors of the soil, and held it unti exmued by the Turks in 1473, they being, in their turn, expelled in 1771 by the Russians. The characteristic features aound Kertech ar- the immense tumnui, or artificial mounds, that abound in tbis locality, more especialy in the second valfum. These sepulchres of the ancient, world are found in many places. They are in the form of barrows in and and cairn3 in Scotland. Calculated as they are for almost endless duration, they present the Esimplest and subllimest monuments that could have been raised over the dead The sire and grandeur of the tumuli found in the neighbourhood of Kertch excite astonishing ideas of the weaIth and power of the peoplebywLoemthey were erected,forthe labourmust have been prodigious andthe expenditure enormouw. Spec:. meD3 of the highestHellenic stbhavebeen discovered inthese tumul, such as sculptures, metal, alabaser, Etusc=n vases, glas vessels remarkable for their lightness, carved ivory, coins peculiarly pleasing on account of their sharpness and finh, and tinkets execu4tedwivithaskdll that would viewith that of cur besb workmen., Al oripnals were forwarded to - the Hermitae at St. Peterabrgh duplicates being I pre-rved in the museum at Kertch, and these might hxve, bceen leaby- secured to England on the investment of I the b - the aies, but, wth thoeexception of some bhs- reiefes wihch, in connexion with two other officers, Dr. arson transmitted to the Brtish hpseum, the whole of ene rare t es were barbarouly made away with. The loca thdtion IS that ths tuul ere raised over the remansb and iwere intenbad tso perpetuate the memory~ of the Kingeor rulers wl> hxeld away over the colonists, and that th e arth was iSeaped upon themn annuall on the aunivers of the *iqSs'alrth andfor a period,o Easi Corresponding to thoseinaWhichitteuanthad heldrank or --reigned; and to this day th vlaere of 0 which rWere laid onin each scceedin9ear can be traod, a thin coating of sea-shell or charcoal hlaving been rA t .down. Dr. Macpherson counted as mnay as 30 layers mi a.Aarp. madein one of thee emounds about two-thirds from ita base. They are to be seen of a sizes, Taryng froio 10 to M3feet in circumference, and in he-ht froi 5 feet to 150, and are mually composed of surface soil and rubble maaonry.- Herodotuns referenice to theae sepulhres is the hryliest account which hitDry haarecordo& of this mode of burial, and the attention of the mreeting was iculaly drawrn to his description of the mode adopted to perpetuate the memory of their deceised princes, as it wrond be seen that one of the excavationa to bo referred to corresponded exactly -with the desription giveu by him. " The tombrs of the Scythian Kings," he states, " arm seen in the lzd of Sberri, at the extreme point to whieh the 'Boryethenes is navigable. Here, in the event of a Kingis decoae, after embalming the body they convey it to some neighbouring Scytbian nation. Ihe people receive the Royal corpse anc. convey it to another province of his dominions, and w-hen they have conveyea it through all the provinces-they dig a deep square fosse and place the bdy in the grave on a bed of grass. In the vacant space around the body in the fosse they nowvlay one of the Kin o conicubines, whona they strangle for thopurpose, his cupbearer, his cook, his groon. his page, his messenger, 50 of his saves, some horses, and ,samples of all his things. Having so done, all fall to work throwing up 'an immense mound, striving and vieing with one another who shall do the most.) The Greeks, who always respected the religion of thecountSie3they hadcohqueted,ani-ho,inprocess of time, imbibed to as certain extent thieir cugtoms ad obs3ervances, appear to have adoptecd this Scythan mode of buil Iulstead, however, of plaCing their magistrates or rulers in " a deep, squre fosse" dug iD. the earh, they built tombs and over these raised the coenical'hilL Al, or nearly all, of these tumuli have been examined. The Genoese xplorEd the largest and most valuable, and the uian Govenent have also carried on explorations with much success. Selecting those which promised best, asisted by Major Crease, Royal Engineers, Dr. h-pherson. has caref_lly explored these tumulL }E some the tomb ras found under the natural surfae, and in some beneath it. Some werer arched in the gyptian, others in the modern style. Square flags resting on each other in the centre, and sup. portedhy a niche inthe side wal, supported a few; others had flat roofs, wrhile occasionally nomasonry wvasdiscovered. Fragments of bracelets, which wrere exhibited in the room, were found in one of the tum'ui. Having descended many feet under the natural surface, he came upon the bed of ashes. The bones of a horse, human skeletn, and other remains were a;so met with; and on removig the masonry, fibulse and bronze coins were pickedup inuiches between the stones. Havingwor'ked atthis tumuliforawo months without success, he turned hisattention to Mons Mithridates. The whole of this hill, from its base to its summit, and the spur extending from it to a distance of three miles, is composed of broken pottery and d&b-is of every description to a depth of from 10 to 100 feet over the natural clay hill. The height and size of this Ifilesian work are so enormous that it is scarcely.possible to believe it to be the result of human labour, aud it must have been the work of ages to have conveyed the surface soil from the plains below to rase it and the neiehboaring heights to the present elevation. On the top of this hill is a rde chair, cut out of the roclr, and a hollow resemubling a sacrifici;l altar. He commenced his operations on the sides. of these rocks and came to exca. vations cnt out of the stones, and probablly the abode of the Tauri, and which had been converted into tombs. by the MEiesians. These tombs had, however, been explored; but he secured several specimens of the handles of amphore, with the names of Greek magistrates stamped thereon. and a fewcoins with tha effliy of Pan, or the Greek ruler for the time being, represented thereon, with the figure of a griffin, whichw wastheemblemof the city, on the reverse. Not farfrom Mars Mithrdates became upon a portioa of an aqueduct which probably conveyed water to the acropolis. '1t'eas formed of concavotiles, andoneof them he exhibited to'he meeting. After describingthereaultofsomeof hislabours,he proceeded to state that beneath an extensive sloping artfcial tamulas, ranning at right angles with the ridgo, extending northwards from Mons Mithrdats, he came upon a mass of rubble masonry, beyond whieh was a door leading to an arched chamber, built under the side of the mound. This ledto alargerchamber, which was also arched. The walls of the larger chamber were marked off in squares, with here and there fiowers, birds, and grotesque figures. Over the entrance to this chamnber wtere painted twvo figures of grif. fins rampant. Two horsemen-oslo a person in authority, and the other his attendant carrying his spear-were radely ,sketched ononeof the walls. After some exploration, the skeleton of a horse was found, near which layahuman siele,ton; e nd,continuinghis researches, heatrnclrupona tomb cut out of the solid rock. Not far from this a smiler excavationinthe rock wasdiscovered, and, clearingthesurface, the rock was found to behewn oun three feet iax width and 12 in length.. Here he eame upon the skeleton of a horse, and, a f ep f eet faurther on, aniupright flag four feet high was found placed over the entrance of a tomb cut out of the calcareous clay. The tomb was of a semi-circular form, and ho found, on enterin, that the foor ws covered with beautiful pebbles and shells, such as arenow found on the shores of the Sea of Aaoff Tshe dest of the hmLan framne, I possessina still the form of man, lay on the floor. The bones a crambled into dust5 and the space occupied by the head did not exceed the size of the palm of the hand, the mode in which the garments enveloped the body, and the knots and fastenings by which they were bound, being easily traceable in the dst. Several bodies vere discovered, and at the head of each was . glas bottle, and i on*o o these bottles was found a little wine. A cup and a lacrymatory of the same material, and a lamp, wero placed on a small niche above each body. A coin amd a few enamelled beads were placed in the left hand, and in the ight a namber of walnuts. Other similar tombs were explored, and various specimens Of pottery, p ersonal ornaments, vessels of glass, coins, heads, and other objects of interest were found, The wvhole of these wvere exhibited in the room, and appeared to excite the greateAt curiosity. Dr. Macpherson then gave in detail the progress of his further researches in other tuinuli, which vwere of a moet interesting character, and, at the conclusion of his paper, was much applauded. The section vas most numerously attended. SEariosr F., Ecoioasro SCISCE A,SD STAra;nc. Mr. Dawson's paper, read yesterday, consisted of a series of repositions, of whiich the following is a short *sunm6: -e That cotton, from the conditions of c}Late necessary to its culture, cannot be growtn in Euaropa, hut that, wiith the single and not important exception of tho factories in the newo England States of Americaa it is and must long continue to be manufactured almost exclusively in Europe. 2. Thatrthe present orppl is chietly raised and for the present must continue to -o raised, oy slaveiabourseeing that wshile, for 50 yearswe have sought over the ehole earth for cotton, we have durig that time continued to obtain from the slave States of the American tunion acontinully increaing proportion of our entiresppoi 3. Thwa two-thirds in number atcleat of the slave populam tion of the United States avoebeen called into eistenSe, and are now directly or indirectly maintained, for the supply of cottonfor exportation. 4. Thatof thecottonthus exported, threoffourths at least in value are raised for and sent to this contry alone, Atd, 5. That of the entire ,quanltity we import, four-fifths at least in value are thus derived from the anited Snates. Each proposition F wvas supported by tabular accunts etractedt from the publc records of this country and the United States, ghand the conclusion was expressed thus :-"That hence in the present state of the commercial relations of the two countries, the cotton planters of the United States are in terested to the extent of two-thirds at least of their entire exportable produce in the maintenance of the cotton mann facture of the united kingdom; and that reciprocally thle cotton manufacurs of the fltedringdom, and through them the entire population of the kingdom, arec inttad, to the erteDt of more than fourtsfthsa of the raw material of that manufacture, in the existing arrangementsfor maintaining the cotton oultare of the Unlited States." SZCTIOX &.-75ECHNCAL S'mbCE. A, Henderson, 1 LS.A.A..E.-A report on the measulre. menss of ships for tonnage. H. Hlennesay.-Onthe inudation of rivers, G. Roennie, B.R.S5.-On. the friction and resistance of screw propellers-when driven at hfigh rates of velocity, and when immersed at different depths below tihe surface of the water,_
TnE'AmS.-SouTHsmcoix, Auig. T.-The Ponin. sular and: Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Captan Christian, sailed this afternoon with the mafis for ltigo,0 OpoOrto, lisbon, Cadiz, And Gibr3altar, 22 first-class and seven second-class passengers, 601 int specie for Lisbon, 2,5M0. fOr CAdix, and an aVeraIge cargo. The Roysl mnail steamer Tvne, CaPtaiu Valler, sails on Saturdeq with the Brasilan ind River Plate inail&z The United States' mail steamer Fulton, Captain Wocton, en rowie from New York to Ha-vre, with the French and English mails, is expected off Cowes to-morrow. Fm xThE DocKs.-.SouHu aA i;pro, Aug. 7- This morning, about 3 o'clock, a fire- was discovered in the~ premise used as. a manufacory, for Me=. Peacock and Eucbha-ds patent composition for costing ships' bottoms. Thsfactory issituated at the n.E. extrernity of the dock land, and, like the sarrunding sheds, is enitirely built of wood. The fire, however, which commenced in the roof, Was, by $he arsistanceof sone.of the dock officers,and ofe Capti Strutt, of the 'West Indisa Mail Company,Y quickly subded But for this pr6mpAiude the xfesnlt Imay have been most disastrons. The entire of the factory isb fillEd with 0cm'n bustible articles of various description;, comtridWntufrWmn. tine, oils, vximi2hes, kc., -wbich, bad they apited WoUdd probably* have conveed the flaKue to the adjoining sheds, many of which xnae led with sleam woal for the use of the Royal Mail Company. Th a~a *e of the fir is awbtful, analthongb there is'a furnas for the purpose of mauu- factuzing- the domposition, thJe portion of_ the, LPre. Misos which must have fa ipitd renders i'e ahies impos!. sible- thA it could have beei saused -by ,DAk mneans. The properky destroyea iA *rI~ e be5ron6 a. slight linjury to th wg1anad the diifucilonfaL & r.aiU quatity of the oowm. 'jm uundler e,4'sifactur tz~ e ~'g t'he laliag ashes5 e wholeof thgkadia u ts nDU0
IIS lAND :AGMWUeZURAL SOCIErY OCF ! I ISOO AD. - - | .,NvENESS, W,zDqxDAY. I Man iflyholir o ;eimplementmeaeleeteda6r trial were et .to work on a fieaboutjIralofrom-the towL A godly umber of spectators were, prewt. who had Aio grope their way through a lewy mist, which wVa raz y .dispelled by eight .o'oloclk and the atm ehpere grXietalfui relieved by a thunderAtorri ^at-noon. Me field selected was easy loans, and the .work doue was pronooed by the judges to -be of superior character. 1ight ploughs first turned over a good furrovt;, ad thenu followed the iubscllers, the grabb rs, the pulreriz, and such like instraMeant, sneluding i few new implements of itile 'noveltrr or rpute. The implements, were wholly of Sootch aaniufactue, and chiefly from the northern counties, where the commOnon two'horse plougla in rprticulr has been gretljr imiproved, - ,I At 1 o'clock the exhibitioii of implements was opened to the public. . The, Show-yard.wags a oompartmeu5 of the Acaaeray-pasr, which contails three divisions well adaptd for all the purposes of the exhibition. The implements covered a large spwe of grouiid, and when viewed in co6m parisno with ahesho r of ismvlmeu; a here a in 16, theresil t comes out strongly in favour of the Scottish farmer. I- the former ear there were only 5g entries; this year there were 231. This large increase is mainly owing to the stimulus afforded by the competition of' English mzanuacturers, who have stirred the Scottish agriculturist to enlarge the economy of hisploughaudharrowuntilrmanualllabour has come to be gretlir relievedl. In the department for two-horse ploughs for general purposes there were 11 entries. The plough werA all of iron, onie set by Messrs. Sel.ar arnd Son, of Huntley, having steel mould boards. Ia working, the steel surface not only shows an easier draught w,hen proved by the dynometer, bat needs no clearing when the p:loughman turs the furrow. The price of this improved plough was sarrked at 41. 14s. In the second section there were only two trench or deep furrowedploughs, one of whichi, by Mr. Gay, of Uddingston, Glasgow, was ftted with expanding mould-board adapted for any size of furrow. *hich, when tried in the field, was found to be highly efficient. In the other sections of this departmentthere were 10 ploughs shown, one of which, with double mould-borzd for forming drills, is constructed on a new principle, by which it savvmg of labour is effected s regards the draught. - :A suetitu~te-for the common plough inialing otatoes, constr1icted by Shettleston, of Glasgow, under Hansom's patent, was new to this part of! the country, and attracted much notice. It has been imnIoved by the exhibitor with double-action movement, so thait it can dig and return the next, throwing the potatoes tc the same side of the flebL ,By this machine three acres of: potatoes may be lifted in a day-with two horses, and 210 hands to guide and gather. The machine is priced at 151. There were 13 grubbers exhibited, some of them with self-cleaning tines and improvod frames. The chief improvenients consisted in givin3g n3ewr positions to the tines, andin one instancethe bridle ie-as somnado that theoihnole. ment may be drawn in the usual manner, or, when woAed with two horses abreast, that the off-horse works on the firm impulvelized ground, leavring the drins cleanand untrampled by the horses. In the sections for harrows and rollers the only notable feature was shown on an angular iron harrow, with the tines so arranged that they cat separate tracts. Prices ranged from 3. i5s. to 101. 1iO Among the sowing machines there were some for sowing grain broadcast; and one in particular, by MIr. Shirriff, west Barns, Danbar, wasgreatlypraised. Another, byMr. Smith, of lawhill, Auchterarden, was yet more attractive, which not only sows the grain in drill, but measures the land while sowing and the quantity used for seed; as, for example, if the machine has traversed 48 yards with the culter nmne inches apart, one qusarter ot an acre has been sown, if 968 yards, one-half an acre has been cut, &c. The price of thsd implem ent is 251.- Liquid manure having coma to be extensively used in Scotland, the premiums offered f or pumps called forth a few competitors, the principal of which seemned to he a pump the barrl of w hich is construoteil of copper, and the whole apparatus carried tD the farmayard by one man. There was a great variety of straw-outters, Richmond and Chandler of Manchester, being the principal exhibitors, their implements being considered by farmers as gatly im- roved by self-feeding toothed rollers, and adapted to cut by hand labour either for cattle or sheep. These exhibitors had also a steaming appratus for preiaring food which attracted much attention. There were a good many iron stack-pillwa, with framework to prevent LdamLD aand heating to the grain in the stackyard, some of them bj;y Hersvlowicz, of Glasgow anld London, of 'wrought iron, and constructed to exelude vermin. In the section for threshing machines there were a number of improvements shown, but the price of the best one is beyond the reach of most farmers, being set down at 651. In the department of dairy imgplements there was but a limited variety, Hunter's, of Edinburgh, churns being chiefly attractive. In the general collection there was a great varietv of wrought iron work by Hernulewicsz, and Young, Peddie and Co., of Edinburgh, and among the extra implements there was a portable steam-engine, mowing and rolling mahines, and some trench ploughs, invented by the Marquis of Tweedale, and manutfactured by A. and G. Slight, of Edinburgh, which were very attractive,. To most of these implements premiums were awarded, but we have preferredaather to indicste their properties by the general opinion of racticai farmers than to note the premiums in detaiL lTe exhibition, upon the whole, is pronounced to be a good one, thi lreat dcsider-atur beWing the must useful instrutment at the lowest poesble cost-a prolblem which the Scotch farmersj seem very succesrfel in sgolving. The show-yard during the day was attended by a large crowvd of visitors, who paid ls. each for admision, and everything passed over in the most satisfactory manner. In the evening there ws a discus don at a meeting of members aind friends, on the compara,tive merits of short-horned stock. Opinmon is very much divided as to vhether the polled breed or the shtort-horns be most profitable, and it is expeted that the show to-morrow wvill turn very much orn this point.
BISHOPS AND i7BATES. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TMES. Sir,-While the letter of "loemo1' in your edition of the 6th inst. is truthfat iT modestly absains from picturing to the true extent the almost immeasurable disparity between the titled prelate and the labourer in the church-the curate, |withoutl preferment, without interest, and without private income. The bishop and the curate are primarily men of the same school; they pass through the same ordeals, and thley are bound by the same pledges; the bishop's pledge in his profession being alike the 39 articles. Yet a bishop, after en0oying 18,0001. or 20000f. a-year income for a quarter of a century, is provided with a pension of above 115!. a-week, j while the curate who has been working for 30s. a -week is n7ot only left destitute, but, if still able to work, though unable to procure a curacy, is sEll without any provision. He is left homeless, helpless, and defenoeless. ! The number of young men of fortine who are candidates for ordination can afford to become curates at nominal stipends to obtain titles for orders. 'iuch terms suit many, and there are good reasons for such -candidates being preferred. The curate -who has been at worksi few years, and has in that timO exhausted under "hopes deferred" wbat little patrimony, if any, he had, finds that, because he iE withou.t money he is also to be without employ in his profession and his 20 years' experience as a yarish priest is sunk in favour of the youth of fortune. He, alas, has no longer funds of his own for alms. He can no longer contribute to support. tho district schools and clothing clubs, nor even aford the little expenditure attendant on the hospitable visiting of a neighbourhood-things nmt lost sight of by rich heads of the church of the present age. It may be asked, can-tbe works and offices of the church be carried on without curates 9 If cunstes are, as they are known to be, indispenmablo to the church's work, hence to its welfare, as also to the moral comlert of the people, it surelyb1owmea a oeful omission in Any State that neglects to provide properly for and defend the condition of those who are the least dispensable part of its church administratioR. Your same day's edition further illtrates this subject. | "The itill of the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Glocester I and Bristol was sworn under 140,0001. personalty." 'What willbothearaountofthecurate'swill ' yons A LAmu . Westbourne-terrame, HYdePark, Ang. 7. !
1TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ w _ g - Sir,In ourimpression of yestaday I noticed an accounlt Of a ftria of Charles W. Oteulse, on a charge of rape, at Croydon. it wa stated that "1he had been a eatAin in the Cape Mounted Rifles, and badaerved15vyeaa,i &c -Having myself served in that coros far several yearse, and about the tume this persn VWa on r1ne frontiers Of the Cape colony, I considerit nmy duty, in justice to a body of officers now. absent, to state that this Charles 'W'. Czeuseneever hold the comision of CaPtain in Her Maje.t'?s C'%r Mounted Rilles ; that be was merely attached, an6l doing duy'wt local levy. about that period, and from which service he WAS discharged. commssin, nd hosenieber ar atech distancoe as to prelud thir alcnganylumdiae ntie f the erroneous *ONE WFHO- HEAS £EB.VEtb I1 4H BA:P 3itOITTD R7FLR1SR. Brighton, Aug. 8. I - ' . ' THE, COLLrMtgs STnOY,xgi T BARNSLjV.-A CoIerence was held on 3Vedueaaybretoon the propretors-of 'the Oaks Collier and thea winer& ona: trktTst thit pit, the 2netig being hed a the rec1uistoft former. It'wilibe recollected that thle ~nje 6b3ect. to o*dk wiuder 3br. hiiko, tesaaeOf' the pit alleging him to be inoomp&tejnt~~to 1onduc th aeWqa of the same., Mhe~ ?r*piiors now_ oihrba to p&y maan,'to be iianied by thei inmners,.to act in' "ncAMon-with Mr. M1into in. inpcting the pit. The dig. cussia wk3ch ensued wais of a fiedlyUlne,t b theinewi
iMANOMM3 -' ZA IOND Z Ef AGWz U I : - TURA&L XXf~7Iz' A. s soL:e of thea c Aaoawat WViva app*a in 7eeerdays -iuprasdon. The dinmer took plaie in thae xlicn 1 hIlY , Tiua4 m inthe muting, Colonel ibe Hon. J. Tinay, 3L1., proiding, andthe cmpany inel.dingi , on.I. Carwseralr, XF.P,Xr. Acton, XP., ]&. F. Gerard, -ir. Ti G. Parkex, 3£r. B; Walraaey,Xlr. John Lord, Mr. BROec Bevan, Mr. 7W. Eckersey, Mr. W. IF. Helton, Mr. P. Ai-swortbi, the RevH. I aL Gning, rector, anjur. H. -Nogir.. - - I lir. OAnDW L: proposed the toais of the eveing, "4S3oess to the Manchester and I.verpool. Ag6cultsral Aisociation." He congratulated them on the present as the most Successful of all the society's anniversaries. Among 1he hills of Lancashire it Ws said that we mit witl cold and discoufaging weather; but in this respect they had been forturnte, for better weather* for the farmer was never experierced than it had been their privilege to enjoy. Ths receipts at the doors -had amoted to no less thaa 3661. (Applause.) The nuaber of competitors for prizes-or .ther, perhaps, entries-was 1,073, being no fewrer than 420 more than on airs former occasion; while the Etock and implements were not behind those of any previous show. (Applause.) There were some questions connected with agriculttre which it had been his duty in former times particlar.ly to attend to. One was the application of science andc mechanical skill to the development of agricultural industry. Could they look around them in i!hat district and forget that they lived n the county of Arkwright and of Crompton? If it were not indioa3 he might mnention the names of livirg men who were engaged in developing mechanical ar6 and science, not unworthy to be named in the same list with Arkwight andi Cromeiton. It was within. theriemory of many memn. bers of the socieuby that the greatest part of the manuactng and commtercial E ealthao£ this great districithad been. created. When thoy. now saw the. saroe-facalties applied by the sa. ne men to the kindred sebjeot of ;griculture, could they doubt that they wero at th3 commen,cement of an era of agricultural improvement fiiat should .-ender ho agriculture of England equally celebrated with the manufactures andthe commercial enterpriseof-the country- He rememabered the day of fallacies that were now not only exploded, but almost forgotten. Herememberedwhenit was the prejudice that if we manufactured by steam, we de. privedthe poor man of the faire mployment of his labour; when Lancashire was covered with those who destroyed the ower-loons in order to revert to human industry; when human beings were harnessed like horses to the barges of the neighbourhood; and when it was stated that it would be an infiingement of their vested rights if you substituted for theirlabourthat of dumb cattle. Thatday hadgoneby, in commerce and agrculturre, and now, with the eson Goa had given us, we subjected the powers of nature to our use, and made inanimate natire do that servile work lwliich for;ner}y man was obliged to perform, thus emancipating man forhigher duties, ed setting him at libertyfor the great work of educating and fitting himself to stand in his turn at the command of new powers to be yet evokled. What Lancashire had bean an example to the world of, in regard tocommerce and manufacture, the present generationrwas seeilngtheebeginning and the successful Prgress of with regard to agriculture. Year byyear, he elieved, weshould witness the more laborious and servile processes delegated to steam and machinery, and man set free for higher and moreusportaut duties. (Applause.) Howasanxioustoinvite their attention to another subject, usully known by the two long names, " agicultural statistics." Its simple meaning was the wido diffasion of knowledge as to which the tenant farmer was the person particularly and specially concerned. It was his interest to know at the close of the harvest -what was its true state, in order that he might consider whether he ought to carry his newly garnered crop to the first market, or whether, from a right apsecation of the circumstances of the time, e shoud reserve its sale for a more favourable period. The merchants could obtain that knowledge. For that purpose the corn merchants of Liverpool had most elaborato arrangements, always maLing journeys through the country for the p ose of ascertainingfirst the Prcspets and then the state ofthe harvest. The tenant .ae lhad no such agency. He must be dependent npon some knowledge to be otherwise acquired. He told them emphatically that it was the interest of the tenant farmer, far more than of any other person, to have such Inowledge diffused. There were two opinions as to the way in wbich these agricultural statistics should be obtained--whether by a compulsory enactment, or by the voluntary aid of the tenant farmer. It was his privilege during the short time bhe hld office to co-operate -vith the tenant farmers in a voluntary arrangement for the purpose of obtaining statistical information; end the result of that experiment, with regard to the shrewd, intelligent, and far-seeing tenant farmers of Scotland, was that, with an exception so sEmal that it ought not to be called an exception, and he ought to speak of it without exception, there was, from one end of hcotlandto the other, nniversal and unmixed success. By a voluntary co-operation of. the tenant-farmers, they !new the -whole acreage of ground under every kind of crop, and the state of the crops prior to harvest; endataeelyperiod after the harvest Jhad been gathered in, an estimate was formed and published by the authority of Government, which by experience had been found to be reliable in regard to the quaity and value of the crops. ("Heear, hear," and applause.) In conclusion, ho said we had arrived at a tine when war was exchanged for peace, and when his gallant friend (the chairman) could tur his sword into a'prnninghook, and leave the habits of a sealous soldier to preside over an agricultural meeting. What was the fature which we might reasonably expect for this gre3t commercial community? With ace abundait harvest, what was the development of industry we might not reasonably Aud pradentlt expect? He only hoped, as egarded trade, that it would e prudently and not intemperately pursued. They mnust observe its consequences to a-griulture; look at the value of every acre of land and everylhard;worlidgnsan engaged in agriculture, and to the development andprosperity of commerce. With these feelings he cordially proposed the toast, "Success to the Manchester and Liverpool Acultural Society." (Applause.) As townsmnen or neighbours of Wigan, they took pride in believing that the society had no reason to regret its present visit to the townu and they need not be ashamed of the reception they had given it; and he was sure he only spoke their sentiments in wishing that every year of tho society'sfuture history might be one of progress. (Applause.) I Ii I I i I 1 1 1 1
Ou Ataaxs iz no C.Rrx7a.-The following | remarks on the spirit and conduct of the French army of the Crlmes were maado by Major-General Wiudham during his recent visit tolrwich :-"As Chief of the Staff," observed the gallant officer, "and having landed early, and served withont intermission through the whole campaign, I think I know the tone, the feelnga, the disclliine, and the habits of the French soldiers as well as any individual in the British army. I1 know nothing whatever of their navy, butt I know my friend barry Keppel-one of the best and kindest little fellows in the tritish navy-a ran who served faithfully with me in the trenches, and was never absent on any occasion when le thought he had a chance of getting his head knockedoff with a round shot-has always told-me that he had no fab3 whatever to find in his communications with the French navy, and therefore I can find none. As far as regards the French army, I really believe that they behaved as well as any men could nossibly behave to us. (Cheers.) I am not going to say that there never was jealousy either on their side or on ours ; but I say that when we were in difficulties They always came to the rescue, and they also well knew, and honestly acknowledged, that if they had any difficulties to encounter, they were very glad to see a battalion of redcoats come up to their supIort. (Cheers.) I hneo al the saperior officers, many of t3hem with considerable intimacy, and I miay say the same of the great Marshal, ,who, in fact, towaras the latter erd of the war commanded the two armies becauae you must remem6er that, though -we landed in the Crimea with even numbers, they received large reinforcements, while we could receive but few. We were called upon to go through the firstwinterwith only 12,000 men, to dowhatitrequired36,000to perform. Through the instrumentality of ourmarine theFrench gottheir reinforcements over, and, as soon as they ot men enough, they tock up the ground which was occupied by our 2d Dividon. and commencedthecelebratedattaekagainst theMalaikhoff: Throughoat the whole of tho war their eoinduct -was such that I mast say I never served with a body of men with whom I was noTo delighted. (Cheers.) I well remember when it became a question that the Umelon should be eaptured. That was upon the Sth-of June, 1855, and it was the first real advance th&t we made towards the town, because pzeviouily to the 8th of Junc we -were in reality the beieged p;rty, and not the besiegers. I very well remember it being reported to me that Marshal Pelissier called a council of war, and tola his own officers that he carae there to ask their opmonis, but not to follow them. When that distingaishea officer heard aUll they had to say-and many of them said a great deal against an attack upon the Mamelon-he asked our General of liogineers, Sir Harry Jones, -for lLis opinion. Sir Harry Jones's reply was simply this :-'Lorda aglan orders mae to say, that when you are ready to attack the Mamelon, he is ready to attack The Quares.' The answer of Marshall Pelisier to that was, 'There, gentlemen, that English officer talks what I cahl-talking.' I cannot ive it you in any other way than. in the original Fxench-' VoiLi ceeqoj'appelle prxl- I think-, therefore, that we may fairlyassume that he wasxot inclined to pronuplhis obficers agains ours. Atthe last of all, he eetainly decided to attack The town at all place. I bPlieve that I tel southe trath when I say that one- week before the last attack upon the Redan, thire was - no -imtenti,n on -the part of either rench lor English to attack the Redaau They, howevevr, chanaed their opinions, and decided to make the ittek - Let it be fairly men. tionedto you all, gentlemen, thit-in that -attaik we met with exactlythe sameresultas theFrench-did against other worlk of similar construction. I have never heardany officer of their service reroachus- onithe contra, I-have alwa heard .them speak in miitary term6s of, ourassau inSt as they talked of their assaults, they anowing per. iectlsUy:wellit was a ~criticai- opezatiomir - Their minds were bent upon the Malaihoff, iand they looked- to that alone,, -I .think I cnsac with great truth that I have n~eier-ard, from the mouth of any single officer of standung in theErench serv/ice aon aoli disrespectful remark reiatiely to orur-own asmy, -an.Athink-r eimak Z say.that they ha,- not - 'honansn dis eies -ae towaeds us. hAs for the Sardinans, the s x hibited 1he greatest possible riedhip enra e- i:s x,tine soalder. P .emeAnEgi wo~nn i frequents Engli sodi and'he is a person" who, I believe, voilal atanldup is much for thlis counitry as' for ois own. W* uever had the shadow of a shade of differ enet -wit an officer of thie Sardnai ny.- We dhl 1hem mans' acts of kindness, and,, thesh ed us' universal, eiilty~rey fugh lik solierst te Tobernaya, and,' -thelaftthe *Isna wih Te re~iec and ~steraof -evtry,
1' ' . , I '. ' , - ; - ., , YORE, F1iwDirt I f Atl tohb Wj to the X i t im Ixavig h.air.enwi th e hui &4_nti c ef Sr George y ne o inteehe with the d 4ti§ cC t 1awl the etiges stid tihds of the cuIpcit sisite t1 dGa' a ed 'ejfor the pS m of ti -:f- The final decision ef thie Hse An wst eofu nnlacited to Dove yeesrdHa aodsde "Itr. U oliue, tw e ht ver Yor or ythte a l, nd beiinoap mathe to tJaePaao.w that there wka no losenr the.sgbtor t hope of pin s eiheg tspared lhe appeared quite -mnoved and nLi5Oneed,rcmarkD$g that he was e ot at all urernsed bat ir Geor not iadeci oion te ooneidsppth tbe Goverl-ur w ireeLyjotilt itb a that he as bonyhed friem as lzay,isXveginI themsei'resJE scea mut of ne.a' toble onisis beha1L He addea. ';It is just whet I he expected for thle last fewr dasTs. I Dev6r leo'oed forsith,in bult a'a ufavoulraibl, reply fiomK him." Yesterday forenoen the chaplin efEthe-gaol, pr*die the eaual wreekSday .sermEor xf ore the pariso*nas in the -g<, and Duere was present. '11e- rev. geaaZnais' subje wae riot on directs reference to the unhppy crimnial, but praoc ticilly it mybe sai4 that it wass thbe cosodeaied sermon,. as it ver,y frequentlv, touched' upon tho reculiar' naitu of Dove`a crime. The 'prisoner rapea to listen o L'the Bermon very attentli-eY, and on ;everAl occasons dnnng itil delivery he wept bitterly.L He Iia h3s fae in Ilia h=4 Ana seerned to be sufferinlg intem mental aorvui - ' 3Xetwee 11 anl12 clocyoesterdi enoon A acirri COnaIning is. Dve, th ners mothfer, bis two sisters, aLnd his late -wife's b=rohr, -tere. Mr. Jenldn -_1O Madras, drove, up: to, the gate of the Csstle; t had oome to taCe a sad farew,el of their miserable xelUtive Theeprisoner, 'whrs had'iitien for them the da,Yefore; was a.pprised by the governov of their approach, Ania .ex! Presse his gratitud6 for the 'isiL on the aicted faily entering the prisoner's, ceU the wcene wa agonizing. The aged suother threatr. her as round the wretched aeu't neck, mimd unabl' In words to give- cxl, *o hen grier, she sobbed cnvulsively for several minutes. The sisters, ineeling at his feet- were equaly overr r1r while -the Rev. Mr. Jenlkns, the brother-in-lw of the pdisoner, offered up a. fervent and ar t s Seve minutes elapsed aiEt3r .3Mr.' Jenldns had Binished -prayin before a word was, exchanged -betwveen the prisor eru hIs relatives. At length Mrs. Dovo txrew himselfat her son's feet, bSgged of him fully to confess his crime it he wag guilty of it, ana- entreated iirm by fervent and unceash* prayer during the few remaining hours he had to live, to pre pareforthe a wful changewhich awAited him, and m ske }ig pece with God. The prisoner was deeply moved. He fellr down on his knees, and, with up-lifted hands, earnestly prayed sor forgivenes; of iss sins, but he avoidedl nai-ng any direct confession of the marder. :Eis zelatives tlen all knelt around him. and the Rev. Mr. Jenkinssgaiir engaged in prayTer. This done, -an interval of several minutes' silence followed. At length the last fare-' well was tal;en. The mother, sisters, and Mr. Jenkina"sin embraced the prisonrer. All in reference -o e murder tht his rel%tives could obtin from hi-u -was, that "all would be made right after his death." and if is said tbatlie has confessed'to the chUban, on the condition, that the confession is not tQ be maae public until after. his execution. - 'The prisoner's spiritual adviser is the Rev. 3ir. Hartley,' a Wesleyan mrinister, formerly of Leeds, but now residentin York, To-day the Rev. Aac. Hartley had an interview with the - prisoner. He zemained with him from 10 o'clock until l2 and agam saw him tlhs afternoon. The rev. gentleman. represents the prisoner as deeplypenitent. Mr. Wright has. also been with the prisoner several houxs to-day. We are informed bysnother correspondentthat yesterday the convict admitted teo Mr. Wright, the prison philanthropist, that he poisoned his wife, ind 'that for the offence hi, ought to cie. The witnesses, the jury, and tne judge heAdmitted only dlid their duty.'
CRIME4R CHAPLAYITS. TO THE EDITO OF THE TfIES. Sir,-The letter in 5 TiZme of Taosdav on " Crimnea Chaplains " having strmck mynotice, may I trespass on your - space to ad may stimany in support of the zemarks of "A Criean Officer?" His suggestion of the loss of the chances of home motion by the Crimean chaulain has more force in it - may be generally kaown; for the young man who has heem: serving as chaplain with our troops in the late campaign has, during the whole of that time, severed his connexiorz with home interests; the connexions he has formed have, been purely military, and of no professional ad,iantage to him consequently, on his return (if only on the temporarylist of chaplains) he finds himself by his dismissA in a worse state than when he started,-he has once more to look. out for a curacy, again to go through the work of establishingaposition, and to regain the time he has lost in his country's cause. On this account I feel it is the express dmty of Govern? ment to provide for their late diaplains; for that duty cait3 hardly devolve upon a charitable society like that for the - Propagation, of the Gospel. Suey, nowhere could Gover-: ment meet with men more suited1 for army chap'ains thana among those who have been drilled, as it wrer, -to the very purpose by the rare anl severe eperience ofthe late cam-' WhSether the suggestion o increasing the chaplai staff he taken or not, I agree -with your correspondent thats some mark of public approval, some definite reward, may well be bestowed on those chaplains whom the Society fo thoPropagation of the Gssel sent out to meet the requirements of the momentk-ivh6 were employed by Govemunsesit as long as they had need of their services, a are now, with) equal promptitude, disnissedi These men, if no' more to bh pased than the regular Government chaplain (Who mere3 y obeyed orders in going tolhe Crimea, and on his return was generalypromoted), ought t least to be equaly rewarded. I wMi not take up your spaceby any eloquenb descriptio;ns ofthe dangers and hardshipe which the chaplainsunder. went ; those hardships are matter of hstory, and they were. borne by he caplains as bravely as thtey were by taft, soldier, but while the l6atter is hvting deserecdy every honour showered upon him, let not the former be paser!; over in silence and coldmeglect. Imay speak with some. what of an espri dzz conzp, but I cannot but feel that yourcolumns, Sir, should be especially open to the advocacy of: this subject, for it -was a leadling airicle thnt appeared mn.o Mcs Tines abouat November, 18o4, that was the cause oft many a young chaplain sailingfor the Crimea. That article, I remember, called in the most uzrgent anc; eloquent language on the 3 ounm clergy of :England to come forward and supply the great want there was at the time for chaplains in our army in the East, and, though the same paper bore to us accoUnts of the- dreadful sufferings amd - pnvations that army was 'then enduring, I know more tham one instance of a young mcrate vauntwdly leaving all that was dear to his at home to nunister, amid those horrible scenes, to the necessities of his dya icountrymen. Such men did not look for earthly reward; but, whiler ightingale funds and pufic dinners are showing throughk- out the countr a people's gratitude,.let us lind some s1 lih. acknowledgment of that -work, done mnore miultruxively, perhaps, but not IBeSs nobly, by our army, chpsuns.i s I have the honour to he Sir, yours obediently. A COUNTY VICAR.
CHURCH 'PPOIZNTMEN,a. TO T.BE EDITOR OF THE 7ThIE. Sir,-Is it trtue that the Rev. Gilbert Frnkland Lewis (brother to the present Chancellor of the Exchequer), gazettd on Tuesday last to t u nldignity of Canon.. of the Catbedral Church of orceser ,is eadv in pos-. session of the followin ~referments iii t'he church :-Pxe-: bendla-y o Hereford. 9Rural Dean h-ector of Gladestrv, Radnorshire,a-nd of MoInigboU.nZWye, Herefordshirei? It it s sttedin he 7cry,L IfU such be thtecase1,1 would simply ask, what is fthe good. of passng aots- of Paliament for thoprevention ofr pluralities, if tbev who pas3 them are the first to viltehems? Re&lly these family appoitments~aregetting beyond endurance. There seems tuea desire on th part of those in power to ma.ke an ex~eient, by an ostntatious disregard of decency, to see bo ar thev rmay -venture t6 defy puxbli opinin It may be that Mfr. Lewis is niot unworthy of the honour of a canomy-; but aLre there niot unmdreds--nay, thonsanft- --equal]y -worthy who are not already blessd with two~ livings, mor even -with one. ~And is not this -tact well knoui to thowewwho made this.ap.pointinent? laere are some raost imnportant vacancies in the churclt justnow o be~lld up andmore webelieve, may S:.ortly- Stat, wen hr hghes ia& hoies ofces are bartered. - OBSERVEa.
EGMISLATIE BLUKDRRKV4. TO THE EDITO:E OF TaE TILEES. Sir,-The act hlo amnend thei nams atg To the Colu ty > Conrts (19th and 20th of Brktoria, chap. 106) h=be ' Jnetea. at B,y thi 1st section it is enacteacthat the saearie of tWe 3udgee, named in schedule D, 'acmtxed to the act shall be axea at the amountS- set opposite their r 5ecvet uuamee in.l snh . schedule. In that schledule appear the nanies of T.Fal'^oner, Jndge-of the County Courts of Brecknoeksiire, crd St. Jo,hn lateu, 2Eaq. Judg of th:e County Courts oE Chneshre, &c.; but the Eetuswhieh-. ieach of these judeiags to receive i omnitted 1500,'. ought to have been inerted opposite eac~h name. The omission leaves them inl tha.. enJoyment of a mnidshisoman's half- t-nothing i-a- an lkeep you rself-ontil *amiuent tairetd th Iuhudor; saan psle of official ttention to the votes of th& Yiourit A- . .. A OLXK aOF X O6ty cOu. D
0 - FORWIG Y INTELLIGRNQE.V -. I; D.FRACE., - - (PEON O0. .OWN CDO 0.M 3;OT.) - [A poztlcn of t6 IoIlnwlng appe - in om aecand ecU. wU of Tedste -I I - PARIS, THusDAY, 6 P.3L' - The irreenlarities of R3ussia in carrying out her -jirt of the Treaty of Paris hlave hitherto attracted 'in rance little of the publio attention or of newsCaper notice, but I hear: that th-eGovernarentbegins .to occupy itself concerning 'them. The Russians ,naintain, up to the,last accounts, their right to the Tlal of Serpents. As regarda the progress of affairs nid -whavh hma really occurred on the Bessarabian 1ounidarv and at Iare, we are rather in the dark.. -From tfie former quarter no further intelligence: las reached is, aad Kars is such an out-of-thewvay place that,7 now -the war has been over long enough for newspaper correspondents and rovi,w Britials officers to have left iti vicinity, we obtain but scraps of information on whdch no great reliance nan be placed. Thi arrival of large additions to the Ilussimnforces already thiere has been spoken of4 and seema generally credited; and it has -beia said, 3viihin the last few days, that the Russians were reconstructing portions ef the fortifications 'which they had destroyed. Thislast item of news is as untrue as,it was improbable; whatever has been overbhrown remnams so, and is likely so to continue, at least until such time as the Turks, restored to the po.sTession of their frontier fortres3, may liusy themselves in repairing Muscovite ravages. At the present moment the infractions of the Treaty of I'arss of wThich RLussia is alleged (to all appearance wit~h good grounds) to have beenl guilty appsea to me o constitute rather an interesting, and even important question, but as yet our data respecting img them are scanty, and diploacy seems to have t4ken scarcely any steps in the matter. A few days will probably throw more light upon the subject. It is certainly to be regretted that the Isle of rpents should ihave been, to all appearance, en$ixelyoverlookedat theC Coferences, The importance of its situation might h ave obtained it a word of mention. its occupation by Russia will be found, however,-quite inconsistent with the spirit of the treaty. Meanwhile,we learn to-day that the British naval forces in the Eastermwaters havereceivedorders to rendezvous in the Black Sea. It is to be hoped that the Western Powers, France as well as Eng' land, will show themselves very decided in- the matter in dispute. -Russia seems disposed to make but. a shabby return for the handsome ma- ner in which she has been treated. I We continue entirely without news of interest irom Spain. There is an inereasing belief here that' there will be a change in the Spanish Embassy, but' no certain information has been received-on the subject. Generals Serrno and Prim are the two fa-ourites for 'the important post. Should Senor Olozaga -be removed, I believe there is little doubt fhltj Serrano will replace him. The O'Donniel Cabinet stillwithholds its programme. It is nof true that, as-has been reported, M. de Festigny w at .Toplitz at the same time as the three German Sovereigns. He has been only at Carlsbad and Dreeden. TbuntWalewski arrived here last night, in exeellent health, and M. Baroche leaves to-day for Vichy. -- - Mlarshal Pelissier,who, it has been said, was to oe Duke of Sebastopol or of Mdlakoff,is not to have any mame annexed to- his title, the Emperor having, it is said, an objection to titles derived from places in foreign countries, but will be simply Duke Pelissier. I'hive just heard that he arrived here at 3 o'clock this afternoon, and has taken up his quarters at the MEnistry of War. He -mw not exuected till tomorrow, and consequently the Genorals who were to have gone to receive him were not assembled. 'The American Commodore Breeze has left Gibraltar with the United States frigate Congress, for Spezzia. The following private telegraphic despatches have keen received:- " BERLIN, AUG. 6. "Accounts reached this city yesterday morning that the vesasls of the English squadron still in the East had re - caived orders to concentrate thmsselves in the Black Sea, in order to watch over the execution of Art. 20 of the Blfdaty of peace, which stil remain unexecuted, in consequence of the non-rest;ittion of Kars and the occupation of the Isle of Serpents by the Russians. The same account adds that, Russia having made concessions on the above point3, the EngEsh AdmiraL has now received a counter orden, ad that the a.fr was being arranged." " MADRID, AwG. 6. "i Gerels Echague and Garria have been named Grand Crosses of Spanish military ordrs "Generals Zapatero, Marchessi, Armaro, Macrohon, and Mantillan are promoted tc the rank of LieutenantGenerals. " Three incendiaries have beerL executed at Rio Seco. "The celebration of the marriage of the Infanta Amalia vith Prince Adalbert of Bavaria is fixed for the 16th inst. ' General s de Olano has resumed the general direclion of the infantry." -The army of Paris, under the orders of Marshal iagnan, divided into foui divisions of infantry and one of cavalry, is at peassent composed of four battalions of foot chasseuis, 16 regiments of infanuty of the line, six regiments of cavalry, and three- batteries of artillery. 'The Messager de Bayonne gives the following exDl4nat4on of the late visit of Prince Louis Lucien .Bonaparte to Biscay " The Prince camne to reside f or some time in the French s-d Spanish Basque Provinces, in order to collect on the spot documents and information vhich he stood in need of to cOmplete two important works which he is about to publish, d which are real monuments raised in honour of theBasque peopil, whose languae and history the Prince has long studied. Prince Lucien is about to commence, on his return to Paris, the publication of the Gospelof St. Matthew in all Ihe Basque dialects, and after that a map of the countries ia which the Bss4ue lanm9aiei-still spoken. The Prince every day assembles at his tale, at St. Jean de Luz, representatives of the numerous dialects of that language in Spain andinFrance. On more than ons occasion it has sazppened that the' guests, all of them speaking Basque, could not understand each other, but the Prince, from his acquaintance with all these dialects, has been able to explain to each what has been-said." Thei Three per Cents, closed to-day at 70f. 65cO for the -nd- of thle month; anid the Four-and-a.lf i- per Cent. at 9gf. 8so.; Orleans Railway: jIares 1,4M7150c.; Great Northern, 1l 642f.50c.; Saaburg, O4A)i; n~w shar 8G f. ; Paris and I0yon,, 1,447s. 50c; Lyrons to-the Mediterranean, 3,82f. 50.c , Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, SOs4, Great: Cenliral of -3rance, 7l1I23c.; Iyons -and -Genevai 81Sf. Bank of Ciklft lobilier,:14626fZ; Aus i-Xaways, 881f. 25c. -ComuAsitinsfeqsee ! PaAAisg:T. -ash Pr7e"-FoDU- and-a-Half per Cents., not rii bfrusable for 10 years, 941.- -25e.-3c. soc. 0Si; mitt second Loan of 1855 (85 per cent. UT, ) f. -50c dio etrifica-tee (65 per Gena. paid), 94f. ba:* uThree per CG.K L s; - dittbo- escond Loan C! l2ls5 (63 per s 7qntL 0l c t. - toCaltificates (65 peCoe. aLu ,~§f Ii1b,kcf irancs>4.110f; r&i t Foncer, 672f c. 60-Tt? dilo Obligationae 500!.;,'1hrteper Cents., SWU .tiei 3rs Forper<; ca, 90E.; Prom. gblieiont of au 3a r Cent930!. Credit Moislier, 1,620L 1,62 ThDsooiniEal 0ZS7I 50:- 692f. 50c.; 1iPedmonteeFeve perC4 S O 5c. Ausria Five per Cents., 8Sf. *Belgsaa n nr aalt alf per Cents., 99-* R6- The, 8mSt Impaot nterior Debt, 3t40i Turkish can, ga,. 3exc6 ori R osian, a o si th, pape, 20f. 27wckmoney, Sf. 2thg, tio ee monmis, paper, 2y1. 9nc. o a * *I !.f. raaSSlCt a - (rEsiD OUB'unn ooll xtursrLSOh-nnn.) - - ~~~~BERLsN, Alro. 6. -The most isnportesnt-:infornnation thE;t can be gained Iroxn the Russa press of -the last w,eek- or two, though lsot yet appearing in a very oncrete or tan,,ible form, as- far from satisfsctor. lia addition to the- vs that' has been 'already reported and thOrQUg y eiftgd as regars thie occupSation of - the Islle ot Sepenst* the retention of Kiar, the partial, ~i nQt antire1 destruction of Ismail sa'lReni, we Jiv crompait fr thse xinme north t hat~ the Jiusnw - 1LaseIadera -are- -coztiafiring the same sysem 4= of umn uI _a_n en-eroahnent on the Swedish ter2itory as -gave rse to so mich anxiety at e-n early petiod of " the war. p6dctations are imtertained that the lald 'Isles zuf about to be occupied again by a military force, though perhaps not fortified-; but it must be xeZmembered - that soldiers will require b&cek, and FbaTrcks very soon be0co3e a fortess, and the last ii;m ci this nature is' furnUed - by the oEfficial Sfb&h&m paper Pos*idisiig; whichstates, oi the =ith&itTv o informAtion received froma private sd,rc, that the Ruswiau Government sebs to. b king preparations for-erecting' a fortiaiedarine etabl shienet-ohi the Led of XwkU.' IhisIdlnd lie,inLJthn Bssyof ~ohni-to thie; noith^:wert:-of .Cjirietindt, on the il Tho cagt, ansd oppoitfoJ Buedswad, ion the: Swed iis betvien 62 de. nia 63deg. norhlatitude. The islandis-said tolbe particularly-suitable to the purpoZe alleged, from the. circqnustance of its being surrounded by-deep. water, and fromn its harbour remaining, open much 1aioger than any other in theq Bay df Bothnia.' Simultaneousyleeag esiesymptoms, in the outward. at.titade of lRiussi *wreceive ifnsa-n tisfactory iincications-cf herinia attitude,br thbt :which she seems about to take lup tQwardsl he'!05f2W subjects. ThepUss of reform'seemi otho eCOie a standstill; the- censorship is ,becoQsing,J5 rigorous as. ever; not-only are no railwarvA-icoramenced, but theg' itation in *their favojrp in the press has ceased, and has given plaee to stainent of-the imaginary evilsz they introduc'e in th'e tiainof apparent benefits. That Poland should contiiie-tD complain is, of course;, inevitable, an4 the xnare,so now, after having had Rer hopes recently so' much excitea and so' bitterly,disappointed. Al this bi be merely the resuilt of the attention of the Ei2peror being diverted from the high pur;poses be at Mfit 'conceived for the regeneration of his people bt. the preparations for his approaching-coronation, and;'for the present we will hope that it will not be' wth. him as it is stated by those who know v uEsdal have been the case with his predecessors, that alwaya at the beginning of a reign there was agreat ry,of the improvements that were to be introduced, bast which the enormous isV inertia of a slothfdl or corrupt tsdLin (bureaucracy) succeeds in pre: venting; but, in connexion withlthe prospects of reforms being ever realized, it is a bad symptomi that his subjects already taLe the liberty of saying of the young Emperor,-" n - beauec-z6p de rellgits mnais pas de voTonite." The Journal de SE. Peters&iurg publishes the official announcement of the various new diplomatic appointments, whlch my letters have long ago antit cipated. I will, however, repeat them again fot the purpose of adding some particulars to the statement or the official journaL Count Chreptowitach is appointed Mimister Plenipotentiary to Eer Bri° tannic Majesty; Baron von Budberg, the saian td the Emperor of Austria; Baron von Brunow, thd same to the King of Prussia and the GraiA Dukes of Mecklenbug4 ; the -Councillor of Stats Ghirks, the same to the Emperor of Brazil, and Councillor of State Labinsky, Minister Residentiagyto the Duke of Nassau and the. Senate of Frankfort. In addition to the above the Emperor has nominated the Privy Councillor Boutanieffto-be Administrator of the Russian Embassy in Constantinople, and intrusted him. with a special mission to the Sultan. This special mission, I hear, has refert ence to the occupation of the Isle of Serpents, fani the expression of the Emperor's desire to avoid any further eause of disunion and hostility. M. Boutanieff arrived here last week with Count Chreptowitsch, andpassedon hence to Dresden, on his way to his destination, with hardly any delay. PrinceLabanoff Rostowsky is to be Councillor of LFegation. at G onstantinople, and Councillor of State Agyropobla will be First Dragoman. But; among, all these official announcements there, is no mention of the Ruswan Ambassador to Paris; it is understodil, however, that General Kisseleff, who is destined -to that post, will proeed thither after the coronation. Among the recent consular appcintmbnts made by the RussiannGoveinment may be mentioned: as Consuls-General-in London, M. Kremer; in Paris, M. Kuster. As Consuls-in Havre, ML Thal; in Mfalta, M. TaiDlafcro. As Vice-Consuls-in Corfa, 11. rissur; in Zante, 3M..Sandnini; i-n Genoa, M. Angelo; in Eiaparanda (Sweden), M. Lmndbaick. As Consular Agent in Elsinore, iM. A. Johnsen. The Grand Duk;e NRicholas had at the last dates from St. Petersburg lef' there for Moscow, probably only for a short visit; the Minister of the Imperial .House, Count Adlerberg; the Adjutant-General, Count Baranoff; the High Marshal of the Court, Sch-avaloff; and the- High Mfaster of the Ceremonies, Count Von Borch, had already repaired thither. As the first harbinger of the many gratifications that- are to be provided for the people during the coronation, the chef of the petitions' department of the Emperor's chancellerie has already made known his arrival in MIoscow, his residence, andhis hours of business. The town of MIoscow has voted 50,000 roubles of silver out of its reserve fund. to go towards the expenses incurred in thc decoration of the houses on occasion of the; illumination, and all other works connected with the' embellishment of. the town. The walls and . the minarets of the Kremlin, the Ivan Veliki, and. all the Government buildings are surrounded with scaffolding or frames for the illumination, which is to last three evenings. Open tables will be held for the people in the Thodinski field, vhere the camnp of the Guards and other troops is situated.; among other diversions preDared for them there are to be races and fireworks on a large scale. In consequence of the unusual number of visitors in the town, both from the interior and from foreign parts, the inhabitants were already sffering from an: enormously high price of provisions, and it has pre-! viouly been reported that the sanitary state of the town was anything but satisfactory, so that it was expected that a portion of the troops at present marchinug towards MvIoscow would be directed on to WYarsaw. The Emperor, Empress, and the Grand Duke Nicholas, their nephew, set out from St. Petersburg July 25, on boarc the steamer Gro3jatschschif (the Threatener), and at 10 p.m. were off the Ialand. of Hochland Hiere the ,Grand Duke Constantine met them in his steamer Rurik, came on board, and conducted. them through the double line formed by the fleet manoeuvringthere under his command, and which saluted the Imperial family with all its guns. As soon as the Grosjatschschii had passed. through, the Grand Duke returned to the Ileet. On the following day, at 2 p.m., when the Emperor was bE the Island of Worms, his sons, the Grand. Dukes Nicolas, Alexander, Vladimir. and Alexis, came to meet him on board the steaimer Petersburg, and with them the Imperial pareiits put into Haps31,a where their family have been staying for some time' past for the benefit of sea-bathing. At 5 o'clock they were received on landing there by the I Governor-General of the Baltic Provinces, Princ6l E Ithiisi, many nobles, and a large cGncourse of Ipeople. In the evenin' the ruins of an old motast6ryot the Teutonic order were illuminated. A telegraphic despatchfromSt. Petersburg,dated.yesterday, announces a similar naval reviewv with the msae i- cidental eircumstances, but wvithout giving nny date, so that we must for the present assume it to refer to one and the same review which took place on the 25th ult. Sir Charles Napier, whI has arrived at St. PetersIburg on beard the !Oscar, from Plensburg, forms a Isubject of consideinble interest to the inhabitantsl 'of that 'town, and the Grand Duke Constantine I is describedw as having been verymarked in his attentions to him. The letters andnpapers from St.: Petersburg that allude to his presence m that capital seldom fail to make some sly innuendo as to the greater facility of the course Sir Charies has at lst chosen' for- obtaining, admission o breakifast ' and. lsncheoh in Cronstadt and St. I SPeteraburg as -compared with that he proposeda to hinmself before hia admiring hearers in the' ;arly part of 184, and they mentibn with. some degiee of malce the numerous caricatures. of the gallant admir-1 stilM visible in the windows of; the picture shops; As Sir Charles only contemiplates a short viit, there, and it is necessary acIcording to police reglations for everyperson'leaving the town to advertis; his departure once a-week for the three w-eeks before he leaves, the fact of lisa stay in the town has become notorious to all, while his uniform leaves him' little chance of escaping' notice whenever he goes into public. On a late occasion, when. newent to Vauxhall, a place of public entertainment at Pav1ov3k, where Strauss is giving musical entertainments, he waKs recog,mzed, though in. plain clothes, and was compeDed te beat a retreat before the curiosiy land interest evinced by the comn- pany to see him, and eveitually to take refuge in'a private house. The object whlch he is reported to have in.visiting St. Petersburg is said to be the collection of 'additional datal for the purpose 'of an apology or' defence ot the couise lee observed in the Bay of Finlanl the 'ea before last~. - Os September 11, St. Alexander New.4i's'day,-whi6h is also the ftite, of the Emperor, he Yill Fho*' himself to the-'inhabitmsts'6f' St. Peterbg oth - lie 'a Ezar-ahis; coronation; hewlill on that day proceed iii'..'~staely' procession from :the Winter PnIac to the Neaid Kloster.- corespoident -of tlie Reies zettuin, wgiting from hesre, meitions'that tters reeived ere from St. Petersiburg state thfat B u liberation, from prison is totallyout of the -questiop and not .tobe-hought of ;-you wil recolhst that when the Empqeror left here it WraB'curently underitod' that he had e ardoned 'Bskunin. at tEe intercesuioiT of General loiriavieff. Biak in'seems to be con-, sidered in 'tisa not only particularly dangetous as havng been a uiartacipatdr in -the revolutionary movements ofz tlie Frendi, Poles, and 'Gerinan's'.in anld about 1845 but also on account of his 'IEaa7' -.iti 'imponx.qen phitL -mitigation of his impriaent, therefore; is all, we are now told,thiat )Iouravieff has obtained fr6oi the Emperor, and all that-he asked-for. According to acteleg,raphi despatch from St. Petersburg of yes-' terday's date General -Mouravieff,- Commander-ia- .Chief ia the Caucauus,. has been permitted,' -at his! ownwish; to-retire from the. army. He will be ou cdedon his command by Prince Baryatinskd. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are -of the 3d inst.. Theterans grantedWo'the' ugents at Saragossa. -woere not:yet known At Mladrid.. It appears, howiever thate General Dulc, delivered passports for France to all th'c-se who applied for ther. The si ' train, whlich reached Guadalajara on the 31stul, ,had been ordered back,'and was expec,ted at. Badri'd' lon the 3d.. The battalion of ,Chasseurs forniinits escort -had alredy retuned. The troops marching upon: Saragossa' had been torderei to -retrace their 'stepsj and those who joined in the 2`oniincnscmnieo had been. sent to the 3asqe Provinces and Navarre, where they are to be-reorganized.- Most of the offlicera had abandoned' thie when they revolted. 'General Dukle, whose health had not improved, was to remaiu at 'Saragos=a o'nly the fime necessary to reestablish order in the city. His successor was not yet known. Termel, Huesca, Alcaniz, andBarbastro weretranquil, and obeyed the Queen's-Government. . -' The Gazette containsthe following, dated Granada, 30th ult. ._ "The NationdL Guard having been dissolved by a bando of the Captain.General of. the 234-their disarmament was effected without the least opposition. lIost of the men evensurrendered their-arms with pleasure. The owners of fireams, side-arms,and ammunition, not specoily authorizCd to retain them, were enjoined to delver them to tjne military commanaer. The city enjoyed the most perfect tranquillity. The new Governor, Antonio Manoilia, was installed in his post, and zealously engagdin restoriiigorder and tranquillity." - The Gazette also publishes a despatch ' from Malaga, of the 30th ultino, stating that the National Guard had been quietly disaraed, and that, the provincial deputation was to be renewed. I A despatch from the Captain-Generalof Catalonia, dated 29th ult., mentioned that the number- of victims of the insurrection buried down to that day in the 'general cemietery and in that of the hospital amountedto:279. Columns of troops were still scouring the mountains, and a fewv companies of infantry had been embarked in'the Santa Isabel iteamer for Villanueva, where parties of rebels; had shownthemselves. - - - The BEpana states ithat when General Espartero heard of the submission of Saragossa he demanded a passport for Logrono. He also applied for an audience of the Queen to take Eer Majesty's orders, a'id was to leave, on the 4th or 5th.. The Spanish Government-is; it-ppears, preparing an administrative programme, which will shortly be carried into execution. - The country is now divided into 12 captaincies-general, and 45 intendances, which take the name of their chief town. Among the reforms in contemplatioi is, it is said, the creation of 90 sub-intendances, which will cor. respond tothesub-prefectares in Frce, and thd object of which will be to introduce into the- mioo distant parts-of the kingdom the energetic action of duthorify. ITALY. (mOY. D OWN CO R.) TURIN, AuG . The news receivedhere to-day from theLegations, though apparently trifling i'n itself, is really such an gives promise of events of the highest importance, not only for that division of -the country, but foY' the whole of Italy. It is stated that the Municipal Council of R;avenna has followfed the example of that of Bologna, and voted an address to the Pope praying for the removal of 'the Austrian occapation,, and it is added that many others, if not all, of- the municipalities of the large towns in those provindes are likely to adopt similar resolutions. at Raven the proposition for an address - was first mooted in the Council by Count Ippolyto Rasponi, an oldc man of SO year of age, who has never been a poli-. tical character, and who - is held in the greatest respect by all his countrymen; he was warmly seconded by Count - Oamba and lDr. Fusconi,. andtwo or three others, -and opposed -by the Alayor or "Gonfaloniere," SignorFacchinetti; but on the question being put to the vote, - afterisome discussion, Signcr Facchinetti was left nearly alone in his opposition, and the gddress was carried therefore almost by unanimity. You see here, then, some of the first -fnuits of that independence and open speaking inaugurated by Count MIarsigli in the MunicipalCouncil of Bologna, but to appreciate fully the, moral courage necessary-for such a line of conduct; it. must be recollected that botl Bologna and Bavenna are in a state of siege. and therefore of coarse subject to the -arbitrary governent of an Austrian officer. Moreover,'it must be bome in mind that the members of the Mlunicipal Councils were all nominated by Cardinal - Antonelli on the return of the Pope from Gaeta in 1849, in violation of the Papal 'decree which vested the right! of) election in the 'burgesse, -and his Eminehcee naturally selected his - nominees - from' thbse' classes which 'would have most to fear fr6iom any popular ferment-from the rich and the noble-;i in hopesof finding them readi.er instruments where'with to carry but his& own retrograde policy. - -The happiest omen derived from' this movementr therefore is, that the' upper classes are now' coming forward - in their propet position as the' legitimate champions 'of the peopla agamst the, unjust despotism of the Crown. Eitherto it has~ always been a reproach to the Italian aristocraxcy that- it has never known how, or. - never had the energy, - to assume its natural place, and direct the' vague- clamour of the masses- to some safe- and definite, and practical. object, and hence it, is - that it seems impossible -to estimate. toe highly2 the present system of -calm but firm remonstrance; writh the Government on the enormnity of itrs .on-- duct in constantly submittingthe country to foreign ;occupation. - Such- a system, if persevered in, cannot but have -great effect, even-on the Court of Ptome, and, at :aW events-it cannOt fail: to convince the.rest of E urope that - Count Cavour truly repre- - aented the feelings of the people of theLegations inhis'memorandum to the -Paris Congress. - -~ As yet the Roman Govemnenthas not vouch-, safed any directanower to the Bologna address, huts the practical reply to that document may be found, in the fact that the Government has postponed as: Jlong as possible the assembling of other municipal icouncils. . - - -, ' I Arn inquiry has been instituted by thbSardinian-I ;Govemment in Turin and Genoa as to the causes- of Vhe late outbreak on the Mbdenese frontier, and I believe it. is-. intended'toppublish 'a summary of the 'evidence collected; on the subject, in order that: the world may learn rightly from whom .i-suchl revolutionary-movements really spring. - At preseit !each party is busy inirepudiating the paternity:-of' sthat abortion through their organs of the piess, andz Iazzini'spaper continues boldly to assert that it7 was the'-doing of France; England, and Sardinia combined, and,.ifthat.be the-casej it certainly does them no credit in any-way,- oir''moro wretched, :contemptible, silly:exhibition- has seldom been witnessed in the annals of-insurrection. It is more than I probablethat-theMIazaiuian partyhas powerful allies, fwho are zeady to joinx in- this accuisaticm if occasionserves, but who hold back, for the present. to watch-x th'e tide of events'. Aus'cria per'seveeres inrherhLabitual- r pollpy tQwarc ltaly as' far as sihe can., -Reinforcenments continito.b poired into'Piacen2a, and it issaid that -even some -of the churches 'there have beenb&cupied by:-the :,toops, from .want of barrack ac-' bmmomodation. Baro,n Hiibner is believed to-be'charged -with a enoupuaging (and of course secret) -nesag- to the Soreigns of IRome and Naples, t6lling them-they' have nothiing' to fear froi the .estern Powers, as it is-impossible the Governmentsof France ,a'nd England can agree on any line f olicy fith~ regard to Italy, -and therefore itl b e ovesItals n, Sovereig.*tovresist all-their re- monstrances dot -:: --: -d gito '.t- thi efet 'ci _ ,j h_ - SCANDIAvm- n ' ScOMA OOR2nZJ T lsb) Since the -e'v6lsti , 88agada u ep change; has been 'eoining ,ovet the'-Sc.inadi..- 1kingd,oms' slow aiid':ure mo.vement teisdet&theizz social, moral,' afiic.po]ii~a -nion and wpeaoeable' agittion to- thati effet: -fi 'kow-byz Tie nusiie 'of .. SYpervis# 'all c,: .sho ple,' o,f the .thr'ee kinigdomsf,eel thiat thley' aire hiijby, -t,he benda. ot - cjnmon orgmineigxou, and an- ' 'gusge ; 'for% however differen.tthe--dilslct apoke.n ii Ite iser ki5n: doms o. Swede has n-i h comprel.endingaDam.e or-.orwegiau;theIiter.., ture.of-our county isead by the other th o;their :lbibiiu4l , %the awits*, their amusementa and '-their a;spirationm, are rthe niie. Divided 'by the ',hoAile- politics of thbirldifferent -Govenments, they '.haveiver clung to e*h other in spirit, and now zmoe'tam everii they felthat t i only by a mora 13D,t~n?aie umqn thas thl'ey cal iirithstaad the oonmon '-The £rst-ictive sym:Vtom of the-deep-rooted i- .jpzit}h of 'he, treee ibranches of the Scandinavian, 'fiilyraa the repeated visits of the studeni ' fron 'the respe,tive Univeisties of 'Sweden, Denmark,' .and.,Norway. Theee,tega inM843, have beGn often' I iepoated, and alavrith a more lively feeling. of ;telco ne froa-t'he-visit{ed to thevwisitors. The v ,id-far-s .R 'of Zssia took lubrage at Egs, w 'id E:ngland,' often too ca'eless f entdanger, andperhaps too confident in' 4h'pro,1isee of the rAiwr, looked on vith unconcern, ,and Fiance, agitated ly inte'rnal dissensions, could1 taLe no part in foreign, evenlts.: ' :It wais there,fQre t .The instigation of the Tssianl SCabinet that the conferences . of London (in h ay, .1852) settled-the -sucoIssion of King Frederick, Ia3ti descendant 'of- th6 ancient line' of Oldenburg, aponi a priceo of. Holstein Glucksburg, thus conferring} eventual rights on the. Tmpeia Fatily of Russia,1 as liesra to the:-Hfouseof Holstein. It required the, powerful intimidation of Rusia, and the utmost in2 fluene6 of the :reactiortary Ministy at home,' to m-! duce the nation to adopt a measure so repugnant t'o their feelings and inilerests, 'and this bill only; psed,' the representative body by a triflg majo-rity. -- .. . - he heIrapparent is at no pains to concal his Russian'tendencies,r ana succeeded during the late war jn geffing up a ve6ry hQstile feeling towards thei Mllies among th4ihigher'classesof society. The body of the nation, hiowever,-in spite of Russianintrigtaes, WGermanst propagandisnb and- the neglect '.of' tIe Western Power still adheres to the sister Iangiiums,'and looks to' -fiem for succour against the dangers from the East and South. The.treaty of thae21st of November, which has for ever severed. the -oId tie between- Sweden and :Russia, has signally' contributed to this result. Denmark is divided, into two perfectly distinct' parties-tho real Daries: and the Germans; they' are separated by their language, tastes, habits, and eventheir interior organization. One or other mnust: necessarily conquer, as any real reconciliation between.sich' discordant,elemeits is out of the qies.tion. - The fierce: war frori 1848 to. 1852 has widened the breach, a-nd even since the peace perpetual bickerinlgs 'and serious quarrels are matters of daily occurreciie. Some.vehement recriminations on the part of'the Duc'hies haverecently addedfresh fuel to the flames of national animosity. Holstein, which is eitirely German, is governed by a: rich amtd-powerfisl aristocracy, whereas Denmark, siice' 1848, has:'embraced democratic urineiples, andleans-towards -the doctrine of political equality'.-The former-seeks a refuge in the arms of the German Confederauion-the latter looks npon Scandinavism tasits only chance of safesy. Nothing but rA'o'nplete -separation of such heterogeneous. elements can restore peace to the country, and oiI this point both Danes and Germans are tifreed. ' Everything tends torestoreHolstein to the mother country; and-Jtitland and the islands to the sistOr kingdoms already united ; . 'Ecbleswig,g w'S its population of 370,000 Oul3s0 half Danes, half Germans, 'morms to present the only bbstacle to -such an arrangement; but even hete %ome plan' founded cin the different localities and their separate nationality' may be elaborated, ana has been already seriovisly contemplated in 1848.' "Scancdinavismn in our days is not imbued witb the spirit -of- conquest it d oes not aspire to its end by convulsive throes a;nd sanguinary revolutions; it is merely the tendency of a long-divided family to be agoan united, and this union is a wise and politic measure, dictated by the wants of ages,' the experience of past disasters, and the shadowmig forth of future dangears but averted by one common effort. Deep 'sympathies 'for the com'mon stock are. imp anted. in- every. Scandinavian heart. The' two isnggs are on:the most. friendly-ttems; the two Cabinets are-oni a footinig 'ofperfect confidence; not a vestige of'-distrust suibsists between the two niaations. The ends iworg ouit slowly but giely. Wtrr-siseless tohurry, it twould be eruel to attempt f to-mpede;-the fin tlumion of the Scandinavian *nationalities .- -;- - .- 'Ad that -is repire- to secure this guarantee for the independence 'of Europe, and civilization-i;n general, is that the- allied iPowers should prevent Russia meddlingini thb interior affairs of the north, 'with-a -view to dividine and wveakeniing its strengtDh. The res will be brboimgt about by the good sense of the p1eople 'aind, 'without'being able to determine the moment.when- t1iis great event will take place, it may be safely .affirmed that the decrees of Providence 'Wlll! be 'speedily~ car.ried out, and the great. uniteda family"of Swedes, Danes, and Korwegians ! will b,e he safest-bulwa4l' for Wetern r Euope. . -; Denmrl, by its geographical' position, is of iiiesii,e' iinhtary' zortnnce 'not only for 'the cTefeifi6 o the Seandina vimn'rea]ni, but also for th0 * prot'ection of the re'st ocif Europe against the incu-. !s;ons :ofthe Russianfleet. - The straits of the Sound,: situatea rbeteegn'the BaLtic and-the German Ocean,: ' s- are imuich obstalies to the' Riisinfi developnientfiiithe north as t6e'Dairdanelles in the sout, andbeni&ark, like the 'Ottman Empire, stands sentry, !tor ;the liberties o Europe. It is remarkable to reflect thaiwhile-the Mfusevite empie lias stretchedits :territorial- 'frontiers -rom the Vistlda to the' Prlth, fro- the plains of Georgia to the boundary of '.C}im'a, tts -'martimn, -psrress--lisas ever been' checked -by,the-two .secondary Powers who rule, thesetwno small-stiaits;'- But, as Western Europe was unanimous in- -Wiating from the hands of i &ssia 'te key 6f the E Eouth, it is to be ho,ed she . will ibe' eqt.aly solifcit6i -for that 'of the iorth and hiere' neither. her treasures nor the blood of her children are--Vrquoired .e the wisdom : q.of diplmacy-. oly second the wish of the people,- fortif -Denfmai2k by Sweden and. Norway, Iwedeni and Norwvay bF Denmark, Ict the. Scandinavian, p;eople be iunited in the bonds they covet, annd: let this empire be fufficiently strong to withIstnd 'an att;emp# t at Conquest from its Opposite rineghb6ur. ' ! As it s 1wel t answer -nl-objeitions, even tho.se suggested by timid `politosans, let ime a'ddthat,5how- . ever tho Scandinavian umion may be po*drfn_ to- resist aggression it`iever coiild be sufficieutlvstrong to'give mlraco?uti the vesED. fljiis;i evident foim thie'ann-exedhast o'fpopul4ltidnj:-' -lhb*a Inhb,itaint~. Denmark (exclusrveof-ihe-Duchies}- i,500,00 SwLedoaen .... - ' ; . .. . 31600,OOO; Norway ... .. -' 1,-500,000 .Forming a total of -6,60000,0- or scarcely twothirds of tnaf of the-Tro Sieies, whi-ch boasts of nG.rly 10,000,000 inhab]tant-- ! `Themiilitary'force 'oe6the inteid kingdoms, wift,out-uamentjiw theirl -actual army, would-be aboutlO 1008>X0-f' on 16b00W 'ibldier',- -and about 40,0oOisailots. A at as lcalled thesro eJ oef 'Gf' above- 2,000 'ca'nnon'-;-bit 'where Englan ia lnd' the greatedt'5;sislce in'the event of any- *ar 'is' -vhfa'we~ desigfito a vthe' little- fleet, w'hich uscomposlof 5;00 glinboats and &wls, so indispensa ble in ;the~ nzavi1¢tiofi6f;lthis ro'ciy -coast and sioal.cluatehd-leaftEiide7slgnbd1y -that -Isa y;Efi,land"' ,for it- isto tho-E±sglish4lh1aiice 'thst -thle Scgane ;vian union must look for support, and,any bech' Lwith the real--chan_pionew of divilization wouldc be fatal t-the^r udtiiiitj i' a nation.- This conviction 1of mnine is so s i EtThar-hink t worth 'ourwhile to-refute lhe: - rgmnent -of those "wlo 1throuc,h featrof ispleasigi 'a powe'rful coUiitry, dz' tperhaps- fromh'more interested motives,: pretend to I 1dbead the closing of the 'Baltic. 'Thiu notioin is' pre- pbsterous', 9and so' far frin the"9,ho,uphts of thce. , .adnaviana that it is even oontempli9ted toabolish tlhe Sound D)ues, besides*hich;it'wouldbe easy to i.tipvlte thMa no 'fortcatio's should obe erectedn leither-in Soela;nd 'or on +-he c of Scanid. - ' J'iow that the conclusion-of p-ce: has; softeied Cx,o:wnlhostIle feehling it- is..easier toh take-a dii- aiuionate iewr Xof -the -enduc1 of Sweden &uingf, ,the-war<;han'. ,w, hen,'Sn3ie,'he het moE contea,:a>ctire , <operatiwont- was expets from her withontlt' an treiferene to herpeculiar pcst .::- l' ,'-, It - n w. p, yd' biytautihaetiek docnumenttai't jfhh sca were, ,fimTthe .i_st -been-dint-theapowe -of the- allies-tbe .i-nds-.j -land. Trte, ;the troeai gta:ea tat' this archipelago shall not orfied, and that neithermilitary nor n szsen*a ihall be establihd ttiisere,;- but ::wbe rl ell acquainted with the .locality4X cannot but smia, at such an illusory specaklation, and deeply-regret that the nettralization of -~theseaasladsrwanot-nisted'upon at the Con- .The lettr o£' -the treatiy may be evaded by es blishing. :a- :dept of-ilitary stores on the main nd,- reserVInlg-Alanid andi itF chain of ilands as; SOr't of natral bridge-to-the stinit whir;h divides it om S*edenind whch is oftenfrozen over for *eeks-toeiether.- tland -iieslf, the principal idnd of'tbis groupjv,'w ich omprises about 60 oth}ar, is 30 English miles long and 24 wide, and the w.hole ~iichipelago.i. divided:into-eight parishes, writh a .population oi 20,000 souls. Rocent accounts men-tionmovements of tro6ops in these isles; and, as there is ~nothing stipilated against their having a strong garison, this might easily form the head of aninvadingcolumn from Sweaborg to StocJ;holm. . The treaty.of the 21st of November has crtinly . gu5an,teed S,w,eden against any open or covert act of Russian aggression; but suppoe some new E'uropean convulsion, -when Western Europe has home difficulties to contend with, what is there to prevent the Rtiiiiiu 'fleet of the W'hite Sea from securing.the beatliarbours in Norway, and that of Cronstadt f,romt.0k: possession of Gothiland, in-tea-do£merelyasking for it, as in 1834? This i no chimerical' fear, and thai; the English (overnment mnay notbe.agai surprised by some -audacious irivasion of an unguarded point in an allied.country it.may be well here to recapitulate -the resources of; our crftyneighbour. Russia possesses in the White Sea 400 transports, of about 15,000 tons burden, most of them manned by sailors acquainted with every nook and cranny of the&iocky coast of Finmark, as well' a every shoal in the Fiords. They are so constructed that they Can easily be adapted to convey not -only troops but artillery, and such a fleet could carry 10,000 men w*ith heavy gun and stores for a three months' campaign.'- Such an expe*ition might disembark anywhere between the Gulf of Warauger, at the north-eastern extremity of Fimnark, and the Gulf of Droonthrim, on the south-western,-that is to say, along nearly 800 miles of coast, without -mneeting with a single ruflita;ry post. - Russia already shows symptoms of sinister designs on the islands of Gothland and Bornholm, as well as the deep-bays of Finmark. Scientific expeditions now, as in 1841, are set on foot by the Rus'sian Government, and military roads are being constricted leading 'towards the coveted points of Lapland. v The Norwegianjournal of Cromsoe complsins bitterly of the number of armed boa';s which -have comne this year to Vadso, in the bay of Waranger, perhaps to fish, perhaps to lay the foundation of-some future Sebastopol within 200 miles of the ABritish coasts. _ Sweden leaves no means untried to watch over and foil the mano2uvres of Russia; but, in spite of her daily- increasing prosperity, of her imaproved agriculture, and great sacrifices to main- . tain the army and navy on a suitable footing, she -cer*ainly could'not resist an invasion without the help of the allies* who, be it remembered, hlave gula- ranteed for-ever:the integrity of-her territory. Iti ia-therefore as muich the interest of the allied Powers as it is for the advantage of Sweden to encourage and lend a hand to the Scandinavian aggrandizeinent. I - As I have said -before, the best means of attainmng- this end, whiCh I verily believe to be as imperative for the security of the Britishsupremacyon thie ocean as for the balance of power in the north, is to bring about a Scandinavian Conofederation of States able to withstand encroachment and to disregard 'threats. The union of Sweden, Denmarl, and Norway would still be very inferior to the ancient kingdom, of Sweden, when. it comprised Pomerania and the rich provinces of Finland, Esthonia, and -Livoma, now the prey of all-invading uassia; but it might be sufficient to hold its own, without a perpetual recourse to the guaranteeing Powers.''1.
* VACANCIES, APPOU%MTiEXTS, A.D PZO4O7TIO-NS 5T TH3E C£ SERVIc}.-General Post-office.-The Post mastershio of - o, N.W., has become vacantby the N 3novl o .- , 'd; value 1SO!. The -Fostmastership of StAfford is vacant; value 250. The Postmastership of Chichester has become vacant by the death of Mr. John Attree Noller. . Bank rof BEgland.-A clerkslhip in the Drawizofice fr 'ivate Accunts lias become vacant by thoAa bMr.ESesiezeerBenjamin Greenwood. Yoim JSBa ,=u1tF T SocrV.-The nlmual exhibition of this society, fixed to be held ztKRotherham this year, was 'opened on Veednesday morning, and brought to a close on Thursday evening. Including a local contribution of 1001., the society offered premiums to tho amonnt of 8001. The sodetyais now been in existence for2O -ears ind has made great ind constant progress. The exhib,ition of Wednesday and Thursday last is considered, on the whole, an extremely good one. The show of stockfell somewhat short oflast year, but on that occasion the shoir was held at Malton, vwich is the centre of an a'rcultsral district of some -celebrity, While Bothetbam lies mai mauufkcturina' rather thaXn an agricultural district In quality i owever, many cligss of stock were fully equal to tie sbelt"s best'prvious eihibitions, the list of exhibitors domnprising,M4.C. ITo*neley, of TowneleypakBurley,and fDany other celebrated breeders of sto. The shorthobrned ~.cattle 'shown' are considered excellent. The prizr6of 2Sar .the best bull was taken by Mr. E. Ambler's jGrandYurk- the' pri-ze.o 420!. for the best yearlnglol1, by jGen'epralBosquct, the pro?brty of F. . Fawikes, DFarnleyhall, OMtey; and-the prize of 151. for the best cow, by. |BlacWt epro rtYpf2b.C. Towneley. Thesheepware also an extremely good collection. The urincipal prizes were ft;ken for the.Lescester and South Down sheep, by Mr. John Birtn 'of Barton-honse,' MAton; Mr. W. Abraham, of arie,setby-Wold: aud Mr. G. L. Foljambe, of Osberton. thaHI-Warlcs&p'andf6r the "Mountain Woodland, o_-Penistone sheep,". i;;Ir. .A. H1awksworth, of Upper 2Nuddop, ~Penis' one; and Mr. W. Ferrand, ofHa.rden-grange, BingleyThis latter class constitutes a. somnevCht novel feature in the exiWbition of. sheep,jirizes for it having buLt recently been introduced. It funirshes afhne Idstration of the improvexfiisnt'which has, withinL the last few years, tak-en ulade in ~the breed of stock-, -for in. Dlace of the smnall insijniflcant. animals known as Penietvni sheep some years ago, we now have large, noble-lookhig reatures. The pigs were prm cipalyremarable for obesity. The show of entire horses -~sgood, snd,the mares flor, ~ agricultural purposEw were admirable" especially those belongig to Earl Pitzwmllam, which ok the first prizes. The first prizes of10!. eachfor' entire horseswere obtained by Mr.J.Rtr of Broughton,B Northalerton,; 2r. J. Sergison of aolme, Hoyton ;Mr. R. B. Ridsdale and 3M ;umb, of Whitley Upper HAddersfield. There was a large and superior exhi. Ibition of poultry. The collection of implements was large,and, without numbering many novelties, comprised specimens of the most approved agricultural implements of all classes,-conributed byMessrs.-Clayton and Shuttleworth and,other,p-Uknown-makers rnd inventors. Amoon thne novelties may be mentioned an elevator, for sicldng and ,weigng corn as dres.ied;a straw elevator, for conveying stravwfroir the-thrashing aaachiiae and_cepositing it npon the stack a i mill,`for ' rnding wheat, barley, beans, &c., which works' horlzod andi grinds by means of uttted wrought-iron 'plates, instead of stones, on the prese4tsystem.- Some, excellent.. specimens of steel Iiiy audl other forl; we'ere shown' by Messrs. Eorby and Son, and Spear anid Jackson, of Sheffield, and obtdined- prizes. Two reeplig macbiries were exhibited; one by Mr. J. :Palner, ef Stocktbn-on -Teestdeignated .the "Union Reaputng Machine and :the 'other by Mesrs. Dr;y and Co., of Swanlane. JNondon.i jey we-re d in afieldof light -whea, belonging .to the feon. ind Rev. W.. BHward, of ;histfon. Botb did their work well, butimore espiallythe Uion reaping macbise,rwhere the cornwas erect ;buin the laid parts the knives ide over the straw to i considerable extent, thus showing that the difficultylof reaping Iad corn by machines has yet tobe overcome.. The prmie wasawarded cided to hold thneit exhibition at rk.s de. 'AccOus OETHlCOIPoIIA XOT or Iono.-The amount of inoneysreceived by the Chamberlain of the city of London -in the-year 1855 was 153,65!, and the amount paid 21,9231., leaving, a balance of 131,7621. 135,1-5M1 accroedfrom thi eightpennyduty on coals, and 6,696. from -the duty on wine. The expenses of lighting, atcing, and cleansing: BlackfrWars-bridge amounted o' 1,21N3. The anount- received by:the Chamberlain for the yer ending the 29th of: Septemer, 1855, for improving the nivigation 'ofAthbe ame,!iestof Lohdon-bridge, was4l,528, and the ainount;expended 26,212L;- on the soori -chain ecconnt hbexeceipts were 33,038.,andlthe payments3d,393.; ontho polie acconnt3the "eWeipts were 56,505L, and the aynent 45.32l.;,incladfng 1,000.-for the omnmii s salasy. The *rd;expenses aimounted to 6,3631., jincludirg the *balance overpaid on the old years acoonnt; on tie sewers aonit hhe receipts .were lS,8 ., and the j aymenti 1l2,2054,- on the saleof coals- aceousutthe-d zeqswre fl,306!. anidithe paymentalO,1251.; onthelCbieeknwe Im-. 'povement Comuniszioners' ~accocnt te reeEisiwr SlB,29S the payments 44,616m.m NEws'ITHOosIJ}; iei.-Oh' y the dav of th6epro vogitONISAS act receiied the Royal asient anthorizing the inclo6nuelof-the followinig places:-i.ewpozt, ir XZsex; HenningoAM-hil,in Someraet, 33at XiO in SoUtha 0pton Wintiradll.commnon, Sin- iSothamptcu lwt eOMM 'abl: fildds' in - B};n', - Llyswnseomea, 'in * Bri~n* yiiyddfee s, in Breeon ;. HAthurton, in Stafford ; t&OflM, inTerbiok-' SouthtOrea% in'Neodolk;-Cla 3i O FUalI x lWMier- mzor, iln 6* i j '7Devis, -CUtw.*reen, an Stafford, Bra - j . von13 11nn othiiwiete z,iIva at nfiios,' uanx LI Xont^,o-=~n'1x,rthuibeland; (ilwsiWwr n l nd ih.co1n n , r.,, C '- -r e - n
I.- - I I 11- - rjAWAPr2 OODUT OF ci-TaCERY, L inr .&au9 JOSMTON V, XAEER.. i- - :- - - (Beforc Ure LORD UHA CmELW n u J1 ju ,,, ,. . .-RT -iJvCml: AIWCV ! - Ts was an ppeaffrm deiia .1 ;th YaIr~(M 'Boi. The t4 ti the -tuIc gae-.ia esat tokaeu i --ps ttolland lppljthe iroeeds Eo ' ' ae'i shldxea. Aixwt cemisoe ei dm advo(* Mi- if, hht* instar ie o olda the lit of one of hi mons, who was in h91r orders and i. cuiQnt theref 'The mon was nowr deai bat hbeofre a;ivowon c6tild be aold it wa inwoemme sto Maki I prese'ti. tion. The qesition Was, which of the evien tenai":i eomao -wre entitd tor presient . T heauern wth Ebl[=Ug heildthttheeiaeetoftihe seven brothers sad iteari wa entitLd to the prientation, and tbe opinion of the :Appoe. Uourt was now akd. upon pO the poit -. . - 7- IMr. Glaws, Mne Elmsley, Mr. Shebb, Xr.Schomnii Mr. RI Moore, aiid mr. Adare apjmrd fo: the different parties -. -. The I,oRD C}zEl on delivered the judgment o£ ,te Court ; and, after comenting non the authorities, sEa that one way of pettlighe cfictity eemecd to be aoin out by them, andthat was, that the jeveralItennts in Cont. oan should cast lotase to which should prent to the beiheLfe. Such was the .rle recognized byKLord HErdaickk mi somewriat analo,xous ae-namely, in the $glht to present tq an ofice in the lrerogativ Court; and itwis rather curous that in laying down that guide his Lordship tated thstVhe did so in confonrity with the ule that prevailed in advow. Eoms- The IiDra Chancellor farther remarked that, site thie arments wthich had been addressed to lim on tho.as. suruption thaiU there could be eldership waong tenaont in ebmmon, ws not sanctioned by lawr.--- -Lord Jnstice J]rHGiai' BBUCE concured -T.he Court thonroec for the long ration; '. i:
I -: ADIIRALTY COURT. TiMBAA ATre. R ,=E GLASGOW, OTE1RWUSRZ TIEE YA LICRIW.-I POSSESSICON. (Before -Dr. LSBm!GTON.). Tis was thefirstdefault-day after Tinity Ternn Dr. £USIG2TO_x deliveed judgment tn this caae thb facts of which were reported in TAc NTierDof thei 2d st. The Court, he sed, had in this case to consider whether the sale by a master of a British ship in a foreign port to a foreign purclsszvr was Tald, such sale having been Mid without any e.rTress authority- from ths British owneri The general princsple sanctioned by mzritime law was, that .the naster bad Zot, as master only, any authority to sell tbat necessity onl culd jusdify such a sdae, ond render the:rtansfer valid The necessity must be judged of by al the circumstances, some of wrhich he would mention,-the state ana condition of the Tessel, th6 conwquences lot. not prooeeding to Eell, the. facility of -communication with the owner, the resources - of the master, or, total absence of ill riuesrcee, andin some degree, too, the wower-and means 'of the owner to avert`' sale. It appeaed that the master of the-vesal left Eugiai-d -th the shi2 m snuchaxtitethatferafew weeks she wszin want of repair. Hewent to Savannah without any credit even for the necessary repairs of the ship given to him b l bis owner, ana the owner did not appoint any agent whaidNer attheport of lading; a hillwAs drawn forthose necessary expnses, the owner r-efused to pay it, -and Ldid not paiy it tIll March, 1855; thed shipmet with an acci(dent further expenses were the consequence; the owner declined farnish, igany credit whatever when informed of that occurrence, he d-not know the extent of the damage or th s amnout of expense, and he had reason to hope that the money mightbe procured onbottomry. It turned out, however, that the ship was utterly unseaworthy, that the expense-of repe; would exceed her value, that she was known to be unin.. sured, ndbottomrrybecameimpossible a ale was advisedby all the authomities,and the only other alternative Vas toaait san answer from the owner, which must occupy eight weeks and such delay would have swillowed up the whole valUu for which the ship sold, even if the creditors would not hve arrested the ship aud-sold her to pay her deb's It 'ught be a very unforLunate transaction for 3fr. Jones, the former owner of the vessel, but it appeared to the Court that-A shiipowner who sent out his ship mnot in good repair who neglected to insure her, and furnished the master with-no credit at all, mnst be prepjred to expect that in case of disaster much loss woul ensue. The Court ws of 'opinon that the sale was, justified by necessity, and t e whole transaction had been conducted with good faith. The best advice was procured, All rational means were taken to procure money on bottomry. and the sale was effected by public -auction. The -Court would restore the ship to the American purchaser- a contrary course would oe fraught with injustice- the ship, in consequence of her' arrest by Mr. Jones, had been detained for a great length of time to the Ices of the mnerican owner, .nd 'the Court' mulst gi ve him demurrage and costs . - Tll I-ERASIMO.-CLAI FOR RMESUTOrN OF QArO. ' The Garasimo, with the cargo on board, consistin" of Indian corn, was captured by HIer Majesty's ship of "*ar7 Vesuvius on the 19th of July, 1854. for a breach of theb blockade of the Danube. A clain having been given in for the resuitution of the cargo the case was aigued on the 1thIr of July anS the lst'of August, andareported in 24 !lTiesi of thefollovung days. J Dr. LursstrGO. now delivered judgment,' and said that: on the part o.tho cLaiment, the Court had listened to I lonargument impugning the conduct of the captors, and charg ing them with hsvin' improperly sent thevessel to Constan., tnople. It ws furtaer stated, that there being no meani df examuiin' witnesses there,great'andimrneessary del6a bad eccurre, and that the captors were responsible for the delayandallitenoansequenes. The Court. was not at 7alt dispsed -to deny the truth and justice of the principles con. tended for; on the ontrary, he vas clearly of opinion that if a delay in- bringing to adjudication, and the non-exambination of writnesse arose, though it might be almost ipon.F sible for the Giovernment of the belligerent -mation to pre.; vent such occurrence, stil that the neutral ought to be in. aemDHfied if injustice had been done him. Admitting therefore, the position talentup bythe counsel fort'ne caimZant; tbe: question in this case was, first, Thnther the claimint had anypersona standi; and, secondly, if he had, whether,firtheer ]?roof having been ordered, he had proved his' property m the cargo cliimed. The claim was given in by- r. Cremfidi, of london, an behalf of Pana and Co., subjects of the Ionian Islands, and, if they were entitled to thatcaracter, no dottbt thoy had a per30a 8oem7di in the court, and were entitled to'prosecute their clainm The next coint, therefore, was, were the claimants entitled to the nationallcharacer of Ionitn subjectLs IIt appeared that.the ship was under Wallachiaim.colours, that the cargo ws put on boards at Galatz, in Moldcaia, and was destined for Trieste. The' claiinants had brought in a hill of lading, and a pro forms - account of sales of the eargo. The bill of lading commenced: nearly in these words^ -' C-slatr, une 30, 1854 - Shippedn byMtesers. Iaand Co.- consigned to SignorPialli andCo."Therew;asno account'andriikstatedItappejare 1a:thecsai,,ants were merchants resident at Galatz at the time of ship-' muent, and that being so, the real queetion was, what national character the law impressad upon theml Galatz was in. Moldavia. Moldavia had been in the possession of the Russntas, and so long as any territory vasin possession ofi the enemvhe (iaL. shington) apprehended that the law declared that all the inhabitants thereof, and nll the persons zesident therein end i arrying on e were to be considered as enemies -with espect to that tde. The claimants were erroneously described as onian subjects, being resident at. Galatz, and werenotentitledtothat chaace a th truth been- stated in the first instance be would have disposed of the case at once. Upon those grounds he felt himself under the necessity of condemning the-cargo, but it was sight to add thai; he should have experienced very great diiculty in coming to the conLclusion that the claimant had proved his property in-the cargo claimed. run P}naiNm-P1rZE. *Thc Aansrsary-AnvocArg moved the Court to condemn the cargo captured on hoard this vessel. T he COURT grnsted the applicatioin
CONzIS1nRY COURT. mY. A1rn R XrlWARDS V- 1;DNVAPRDI (Before Dr. s m- Ii------- Tbis was a pro*eeding for a restitution of conjugal rights promoted by the hiusband against the wife, and no aDnearancelhaving been given by her, the suit was conduc Q im Fmbnam. du i- .The COUT pronounced in favour of the husband and. de-: creed. anionition.against Aais Edwards to retan to coha?bitation. * iAr V. v,.M On the 3d nit. the Court granted MIrs. Harmar a divorce. friom her: husbant on the ground of cruelty. She now appliedforpermanent alimony. It ap eaed that Mr. Harma's income an,ounts to 7231. 6s. Sp. per annum, oat of which- The COU1T granted ML annar1nr i6M1 pr amnum. FYLER V. FYLER. This was orighially a suit insitutod by mLs :Fyier - against her husband, C-donelIFyler; for-a divorce b reasonof ii adulte . l A ibel was g tven inby he, owhuih a recri na;t9ry egatio0vwasgiverin bv Colonel Fyler. Atthe heasing the Cort-held that both parties had.b een proved. gulty, and consoquently the smt wsM dismisse. Thee prctor for Mrs. .Eyler having !pplied for; his costs as aainst the Colonel, an act on petition wasestered into Vr. layford and Dr. Twiss were heard for the husbaad.- the Admiralty Advocate and Dr. Spinks for tho -wife. : The learned JU3GE said that, il ordinaryr Lsoe, wethe Lte sWit was coinenced by the husband or the wife, it , Presumed, until tbe ootr3 was shown,: thzt the wife had, no'ieanus for the perpose of obtaining justice. There were,C however, exoeptional mses where the wife had a larger income than her husband, and it wouId not be right while the COurt was in entire ignoranoe of the true merits of thecase to,throw the oosts -on the husband. When the Court, was Qf tipioni that the wife bad adequate funds to defray. the .axpiea it held itg hand, and did not, allow the-- procter-for the wife to,tax his, Cees frOm time to,time. H7~ ilie wife succeeded in the- suit it tondemned the husband.: ,in thA oostaiipon 1be principle that he a.1one was to blanib. In te eent caes- the -witneSse ha been. eammined. rivdi!r rmce and there had been no for., i conclusion of tbe cu in th "eite in -W%x tiat exprsson was '* apna suit. - Tbe Oourt olview the :Wke i th same it~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~! the sactr oneyljiogete ht~ thecase b~xe upto hatperid te Curtwould bhave loohre4 attbirssectie mens o thehua and.mi wife. Itap per.ta h noeols.ye a_agrtasta ofhrhaisAaA'1 _
CO5UZ of BAX UPTOi A 8.- '. RE SAMTUEL AnAlfq *: - rTH}; WlA.E irtTRTnTnv sI .. . worck". VA,"-) Mfi5w va' a mneeting, for the Proof -of do!nts and choice of assgnes i th cae of Samuel Acas akr ofWr an-' Hertford, tradfing as- Samuel Adinna and Co. ., U'M: Arm-strong, iithx whOm was 21r. GPisby. appeared for, this petitioni-ng cre'ditor; Mr. D). Peek,Mr. Loogimore, Mr Gn]s*orthy, andi erclwsas apared for creditoss. x 'Mr. -Armstrongpti ito pofs for a large axiount, the ardtosben cifl esdnt f etford, antd-who pzoposcd?f.DPe,ofW e,sasine 'Mr. pelewaputinalsofrof,ildngteBncoEsIaglad, 25,260ip. o il fecag icutdfrt b-nIcruut an,alreprin rnal hl,of whi-cha ik Vw=s7exp,ected wol u f,a lofrMessrs. Sanide.. raU= and Co. for 4,71 ne ia cicmtances. Iw' -Mr. GALSWOaRTsY, as representing Mr; Wilhanm Ray,, a, crditor whio claims a-large sum undcr a decree ugainst the barzinipt .by the Master of the Rolls didno kay - 1n: tfie proceedings. ttaeaypr 'The total prosamte uigthe diay were about. 60,0001., and the choice of assignees was in Iavour of Mr. JbohnTGrerm EL-ey, oif the Back of England, and Mir. J6oeplif Lwec,wine merchant; of Hertford. Se-rlcreditors'expres-sed their dis-satisfaction, -and desqired that Mr. Peck sni"-ht also be appointed an asignee. O(lao of their number said 'Yir. Peckc would be of assistance lijmakciug the beet of tbLe estate, and that ther- ought to he nothing clnetnei hmte.Aother creditor said thiathe result of the choice was a -piece of jobbery,- efdd that if it were bis habit to come every day into the Court of 33~I]nnptcy he shiouldbhave been better pFepared. -MR. Lommon]os having stanted that he had not made sine of sdrne owcrs of attorney which he hLeld, and Mr. P'lews having objected to the appointment of i thisd assignee, -the. choice of Mrx. Elsey and Ar. Lawrence was confLirmed. Of course, at this early stage of theoproceedings no detailed accounts were furnished, hut a preliminary atatement of the affiira of the bankruspt by Messrs. Thiomas and Copley, ac. countants, shows the following results : Creditorsa.. Zi,5932 7 liabilitiesart bills reMicial, 'tceae rs which It is anticipatedl wil be met at matusity" l'aI9 21111 Noteiicxrziatiau.i9.cio0 0- Toalz deots and liabilities . £ 1ei5 0 Asasetiexpected to rrodoca . sa,ee 0 It -will be obsnrved from this statemeut that should "1th6 gretr part" of the liabilities- somewhat vague termi -ran ol?, saye 45.1691. lb, :oat of -she 75,1621. Uis. the -total actual debts wil be U.0,5921. 7s. ld., sa=ains assets 50,00n&, At present, however, no accurate eatimate is ettempted to he formed of the ultimate realization, further than that the case presenta a more favourabole prospect of a divislena than was at one time supposed. 'The examination. meeting was fixed for the lUth of S_~ptember. -Th bakrut crrid o a omehatextensive busidne as agroer n Tttehamcout-rnd.His accounts have bee alead pulised n !Vu~Zires.This was the last - M. Sar apeard or he ssgnes,and Mr. Chsidley for
MIDDLESEX SESSIO4 Prid2y, Aigust 8. :Te Assistant-Judgo has, with the anprobation of Secreary Sir George Grey, appointed MIr. Bliss, Q.C., to preside his-r. place until the latter part of the mouth of ScP- THE C&SBE OE' MR. GOSLIlG. * Te gandjur hae funda tue illagainst Emma, Cley, 14, JuneU Jones, 14,Annn Sullivan,14, and Elizabeth ill, 16, for unawfully and indecently exposin- themselves in lisgent's Park; and against Thomas George Goshng for inciting them to the commission of thatoffence. There ar e three count"s in the indictment. A ccrticrari for the removal of the proceedings to the Central Crimuinal Court sa been lcdged in the of fice of the Cler?s of the Peace. John Green, 20, barman, wan indicted for stealing one shilling, the money of Michael Walker, his master. Mr. Riblton prosecuted; 3Ir. Metcslfe appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor was the landlord of the " Corner Pin" publichouse, in New-street, St. Martin'sglane, and saspeeinz the honesty of the prisoner, who had been in his service but a short time, he marked some money, part of which was afterwards found in the prisoner's possession. TAr. MExrcALpv made an earnest appeal to the jury for the acquittal of his client, who, he said, was a young man of good Dharacter, just entering upon manhood, and who -would be ruined for ever by a conviction. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, bu strongly recommnended him to mercy. Mr. BLIss said, he felt great pleasure in giving funl effect to the recommendation, and sentenced the prisoner to one month's hard labour. The prosecutor said, the prisoner had robbed him of at least aOI. altogether, and applied that 1. 10s. found in his box might?be given up to him (prosecutor). Mr. BLISS said, he could not order it to be given to him, b?t he might apply to the Sheriffl who would deal with the mnatter as he thought right. (Before Mr. CBEeAsy.) llen Bygon, 21, was found Guilty of robbing children of their clothes in Victoria Perk. She had been previously cbnvicted of an ofence of the same description, and there were now five cases against her. Mr. CsE%. sy sentenced her to four years' penal servitude. Charles Ballard, 16, was indictedfor ste-aling five sovereips and a half-sovereign, the moneys of George Jac?kson, in his 3Mr. Lwrence was forthepwsecution Mr.Sleighforthe prisoner. The urosecautor was a baker, and he and the prisoneroccupied tne same room. The charge was that prisoner took money out of prosecrutors box; but there was a doubt in the matter, and the imry Acquitted him. Elizabeth Hall, 20, vwas indicted for stealing a watch firom the person of Robert Spencer. The prosecutor, a cabman, had been drinking in the compsny of the prisoner and another woman, when he lost his watch, and he charged them with stealhng it. The other vToman was discharged at the poliee-court. The jury Acquitted the prisoner. Ann Eaton, 40, and Elizabeth Smith, 43, were indicted for frnud. Mr. Logie prsecuted. It appeared that theprisoners were systematic swindlers. They took lodgings, an , upon some pretence or othei, induced tradesmen to send them goods, and then decamped. There were three charges of this description against them. The jury found them guilty, and MIr. Cr.Mlsy sentenced them each to fiva months? hard labour.
SU7MlfMER ASSIZES. HOME CIRCMT. GUILDFORD. AGuS¶T 7. VIM SIEDE- efore the UMEF BARoN and a Sjeciai JEury.) SALTER V. TM &ATH2UM INWRANOE ASSOCIATION. *Thi was an action to recover damages for the alleged wrongful dismissal of the plaintiff from the office of mnanager of the defendant's association, and also for a conElderable sum of money which he was enti'led to as comnission nnder an agreement entered into butween the parties. The defendants put several pleas upon the record, but the rnaterial one was that which alleged that the plaintiff had not conducted himself satisfactorily with reference to the books of the company, and also with regard to certain checks, and that they were therefore justified in dismissing him. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Hance were counsel for the plaintiff; -Mr. E. Jaises, Q.C., and Mr. Poloo,k appeared for the defendants-. Serjeant Snaa, on opening the case, said that the plaintif was a young man who had had gieat experience in connexion with insuranice matters, and who, ho was instructed, tas exceedionly clever on those subjects. He formerly filled thie positionofgeneral managerto afire-office c6iledtheEqnitable, and when the defendants established their company i-18J3 they were anxious to secure his services, and he was appponted to the odfice of general manager, and, in fact, he appe.ared to have bad tLs entire control of aU the afairs of the Cemnpany, and mainly by his exertions he had placed the society sa a position of great prosperity. Upon the appointmentoftheplaintiffanagreement was entered into, which was the sub3ec5 of the present action, and by that agreement the plaintiff wes to receive a salary of 500L. for the first year, and this was to go on increasing at the rate of 1001. a-yearuntl it amonnted to 1,0001. per annum, and he was, in addition, to receive a commission of 2per cent. npon all premiums that he might obtain. The learned seajeant then explained that the Atbennura was orie'maily merely a life-6fflce, but in 1853 the directo5r were desirous to combine a fire branch with it, and the plaintiff; havng had great experience in fire insurances, was able to afford most important asssistance to the comnany, and he established agencies in Canada and on the continent of Europe, and there could be no doubt, he said, that he had created a most important business, and tho directors on several occasions ediressed themselves highly satisfied with his services. In the beginning of the present year, however, it appeared that a new board of directors was npoilnted, and this was done at the suggestion of the V ,aintiff who considered that the improved position of the compaany rendered it advisable to have a mere powerful' direction, and thzat thee shoud be more capital raised. The mewly-appointed directors, however, it appeared, declined: tI) carry ort hins suggeztions in this rspect, and on the Sth of May they pased a resolution shumdiy dismissing the plaintiff from his office, and, at the ame time, refused to giep hi wan explanation of thegrounds fortheir talin' thi stp nder these circumstances, the plaintiff could. take no other course than to adopt the preses t proceedings; Band, although the defendants had put upon the record a Elea imputing misconduct of the gravest description to him, .e defiedthem to prove that there was any foundation for the allegation they hadi mnade. MrY. Hf. Salter, the plaintiff, wa then examined.LBH6 sad that he was formeryl generl omanaager of the Equitable h"irt-ffice, and his salary was 7801. n-Year, berides commis. ron. In the beginning of 1853 he asapopliedtoto-beoediae' the manager of the Athenum Fire Insu=rce .ssociation andhe -was appointed under a resolution o te to sind continue to perform the dulties of anag the A unot 135, hen he wasz dismissed. He had th ntr na 3y, inent of the business of the company, and heeaetb n' rgencses in Canada, and also in m%mn and obtained a. Urge amount of lucrative business r he compay. Atthl-tter endlof15hemadea asuggtion tbhat thsre shoult oafi 4ncrcaro of capital, and that the diiectorashould te inD a1z:-ernumnber of shares andpay tlhe deposit . pon thems atl the old board of direc toars, in consequencdt,regnged, ans ii freibbozrd wero elected in Mlarch of the present year;.,Oji, he had obtained at the time of his dismissal, t which he vas entitled, was59& l I2s1 l0d. - - Cross-examined by Mr. JAiEs.-Witness was not foraerly connected with the Rquitabl6 Life-office* b,t witha a fire-office of that name, and he trmvelled about the counntry as their agent. The directsors who were appointed in March, | 186, to manage the officee of the Athenaium Society were an entirely new set -of gentlemen. hr. Ramr-", one of the old board, by whonm witness ase aDpointed, as a solici.tor. He had been insolvent. id Dot know where he was now, but- believed he was in i some lunatic asylum. Mr. Ho;eard, another of tho old board, was a anrgeun. Did not know what bad become of him. Mr. CarTington Jones, another director, he believed, was now engaged EODme Wy in the army, and he believed was at Malta. He was formerly secretary to the Athenneum Life-office. Witness once had a uromissory note from hnu for 2571. lUs. It wDas a security for money advanced to him by the society. The Rev. Mr. Bartlett-and a person named Sutton wvia also directors of the society in 1853. Sutton, he believed, was the promoteriof the company, - The Rev. Mr. Bartlett lived at Fulbam, but he did not know of his having nny benefice. Witness as no to be paid his fn71--esalary- Until 2,G000 -preference shares - were paid.. iup. The society bnd no money until h3 found them some. Their revenue in 1853 wvas not more than 701. or 801 Suatton. was what was called -the -"getterup" of the company. ae was formerly a clerk in al> inurance-office Soon after he'was aspointed, the directors gave him shares to the amount of 1,C00C and they lent him 750 from the fundsof the society,pto pay adepositof 16s upon each of the shoes, and this was entered the books nS a real transaction ad it was made to appear thbt he was the actual holder of that number of shares, and that he had r,aid the deposit upon them. - In point of fact, he did not p3ry a inle farthing. The moment the now directors were appointed and became acquainted with thefact, theyordered thO transaction to be cancelled, and passed a resolution that it was an illegl and improper one, and one which they could not sanction. The CIEEP 'BARON (to the-witness).-Why, in point of fact, the " transaction " was all fudge was it not?v Witness. Well, my lord, it was very nmuch like it, (A laugh.) Cro3ssexamination contmnued.-The object of the -proceeding undouttedly-as to make the public believe that the nominal capital of the- company was larger than it really was. Did not think that theprotceedin-was adopted at his suggestion. There were only fre directors at this timen oane each of them had 2,0004 wotth of shares given to him in the sanme manner, and the denosits were taken from the -capital of the company, and none of them paid a farthingb of their owvn money for the shares. These transac. tions w ere all cntered in the books as tho-gh they had been - genuine ones. The inco ne of the society from prermiums inl the year 1855 had increased to 22,0001. - ; The CerT BARox put some questions to the- witness and ascertained from him that the greater partef these presirnis were derived from foreina risls, ana he said that the premiums received was much higher than in this country and it might average 1 per cent. He also said that the amount of property covered by the prermiums received by the company might be over two milions. The GuIs' B.Aaox.-And your revenue of 22,0001. a-year was aU that was to over that amount ofrisk? Witness.-Yes. MSany of the directors, however, were very vwealthy men. The witness added, that he did not consider two millions at all an extravagant amount of risk for the amount of premiums received by the company. The witness was then further cross-examined by Mr. J,LLV.-He said that at the time he was appointed there were other shareholders than the five directors whose names he had mentioned. The directors and the shareholders were, in point of fact, one body. He was then questioned upon several money transactions, and he admitted that a sum of 2501., which appeared on the boolm as hasing been lent to the Athen eum Life-office was, in point of fact, advanced to Mr. Carrington Jones, one of the directors, who gave a promissory-note as security, and he was to pay 6 per cents interest. The same gentlemen who were directors of the fire-office, were also directors of the life department, and the money wzas entered as having been lent to that department. The entry was undoubtedly fictitious. HIe objected to the proceeding at the time, but the directors persisted on it, and he considered he was bound to- obey their instructions. Mr. JTIT S-Was any portion of this 2501. ever repaid to the society ? Witnezs.-No. The CirEy BAsox asked what had become of Jones? The witness said he did not know. The last time he heard of him ho was serving in a foreign regiment at Malta. A private ledger kept by the witness was here handed to him, and he was asked to explain how it was that the date appeared to have been altered in one of the entries, and September, 1855, substituted for June, 1853, in relation to a sum of 2501. The witness said he knew nothing about it-the alteration had been rnade by the accountant of the company. The hook was handed up to the Court, and also to the j-ry, and the CaIEs BARoH having examined it, addressed Serjeant Shee, and inquired -whether some anangement could not be arrived at, after what had taken placec to obviate the necessity of proceeding farther with the isiry? He said, it appeared to him that the question rlmy came to this-Had the plaintiff conducted himself, in such a manner as to justify the defendants in dismissing him? It appeared to him that thare had been gross fraud, and that some of the persons concerned ought to have stood on the other side of the court. , - Mr. Serjeant SnsBE, with some warmth, said, it appeared to him that, so far as the plaintiff was concerned, there was no foundation for any charge of fraud. If the directors had acted improperly-he was not answerable. : A short conference then took place between the learned counsel, when Serjeant SnRE'. intimated that no arrangement had been arrived at, and that the cause mnast proceed. The plaintiff, on further Cross-examination, said that Joneswas paid the, dividends upon the shares that were placed in hAs name. The two offices-the Athenseum Life; and the Athen-eumm Fire were carried on in the same building. They were in the habit occasionally of borrowing money of each other. In May, 1853, there was a Proposition for the fire-office to advance 4001. to the life-officeupon a deposit note, at 6 per cent. The money was drawn on two checks, one for 3001., which was crossed to the life company's bankers, and another for 1001. The latter was not crossed, and it never came into the possession of the life company and no one knew what had become of it. Field, the detective officer, was employed to investigate the matter, but no trace of the 1001. check was ever discovered. Ee coulid not say wvhy he did not cross the 1001. check. bnt be supposed the beard told him not to do so. M£r. Sutton, one of the directors, told him not to put the name of the Athenueum lLife Company's bankers on thie check, and to put his own bankers, the London and Westminster, instead. The less of the 100I. check was very annoying, and he was told by Field that he had traced the notes thae were paid for itto within 20 yards of the Athenmuan-office. He believed that Mr. Sutton was at present in London, and that: he was engaged in getting up another company. (A laugh.) There was another entry on the books referring to a sum of 107R. ls. Gd., which was also represented to have been lent to the Athenmeum Life Company, and which was fictitious. In point of fact, this money was employed to pay a biUl incurred by another eociety called the Security Mutual, with which witness was connected. The money was employed to talke up a bill, to which witness and MIr. Coyne, who was a director of the Athenmeum, were parties; but it was represented in the books that the money had been advanced to the A thenmeunm Life-office. The COnF BARoN remarked that the operations of the company appeared to be very extraordinary. The same set of gentlemen appeared to be shuffling the money backwvards and forwards to each other. 3Mr. J-4mrs.-The fact was, my Lord, that, whenever any of the directors wanted to borrow any money, they took it out of the funds of the company, and it was entered as a loan to the life-office, (A laugh.) Cross-examination continued.-Witness the projector of the Security Mutual-office. It was now in process of being wound-up. (A laugh.) In gnswer to a question put by the jury, the witness said that several of the directors of the Atheneum Life and Fire-office were also directors of the Security Mutual Company. By Mr. J.tm3&-The Security Mutual gave him the same number of shares that he received in the Athenaeum, and it was also made to appear that he had paid up 7501. upon his shares. T'his was not at all an extraordinary proceeding, and the only thing that was remarkable about the transaction was the smallness of the amount. (A laugh.) Coldd not say whether a resolution that he should not he dismissed exceptby the unanimous vote of the directors .rosm his connexion wi.h the company was also passed by the directors of the Security Mutual. Re-examined.-When he left the Athesieum there were 220 isareholders, andmany of them were 'wealthy men. He. considered that the increase in thIe income of trie company was entirely owing to his exertions. He had no benefit whatever fromn the 7501. that was supposed to have been advanced by him. There was merelj an entry in the books, and e-entually the whole affairwas cancelled. Thepresent directors were aware of all the facts before-his dismissal, asid they did not make any complaints. He vent through the books, and pointed out 'o them what were real and what were unreal transactions. He had no power to prevent the former directors from doing what they did in the matters referredto, buthe protested againstthe proceedings, and told them what they were doing was wrong. At this stage of the case the trial was adjourned. FRiDAY, AuG . - - This cause ws resumed -to-day at 10 o'clock. Ono of the iurymen was prevented by illness from being present,-ana the cause was by coe-ent disposed of by the remaining 11- jurors. : er. onhawkin t e accounant ofne bShicompany, wan examind, nd e sate tht uon xamnig the books he foundthat hey ppeard to ave een eduarly anid well- peared on tePlintf' egr'a aeb i,as h reason for the alteration was, that when he found the Athenumn Company re udiated the alleged loan of 250, he made an inquiry, an the amount was charged to thu account of Mr. Jones, and the date was altered at the same In cress-examiuation the witness said tha' he received this information from the plaintiff. He also said that of course the entries in tho books appeared to be r6gular, but: ho afterwards discovered that a great many of the transac; tions were entirely fictitious and incorrect and he could not possibly have traced th1e real character of the proceeding in reference to the supuibsed leone-to the Athenmeumifecffice if ho had not been informed wat the real circumstances were. - - - - This closed the case for the plaintiff. Mr:. J£ZuSs having iutimated that be did not intend to Call any witneses, Serjernt SsEE proceedecd to sun up the case for the plainitid. Ile said, the quostion.the-juryhbadto decide -was~ wheherhe lantif ws tbe id hemoney that'it)mad+ rsed -the income of- society: fom 7 or 80,-to 2Z001 at ea te ewdretrs oVf thei conipn w£ere t fair ~emm;e ea' on in t? aaye f coaaosdow irck-uzder- aijy circumstane-s Le -was'clearly ehititle'a to. Re- ar that tnothing had been shown to justify the directorsinM1- m i3igj lie uWantiff a t1lsdmanner they hid-dbfei aiid W7 saithat, even supposing the plaintiffhad acted'irrejulsirly, the jurywouldrememberthitthe acts spokento werenot the acts of -the plairntifft but of, the directorg, and -that he was actng nder their ordess, and was bound to obey the%stHe-woud not attempt to justify,the procedings in' reference to the checks. a-nd thie loans -to the directors, but he mus observe, that they were done to strengthen the eom- tany,-and that no one was injured by the proceedingst might have tended to deceive the public- but it was no deception upon the' defendants. They hwere perfec-tly well aware what was going on,--amd they had iso - riiht, as it appeared to him, to mnale Ithes prceedings a ustiflcation for dIismisfing-the phuintiffinteaerty red-one raidt se~ epiv- imhjshmenofte reununerationtowbich'e t te e entitlieng oncluded by making is most eanest'apel to the fee f yo ose uin, he said,mistbetheinevitable consequence of their returning arn averse verdict.. Mr. JasmEs then msde a most able and elosquent address to the jury on behalf -of the - defendaUnts, lie commenced: by~ ol,erving -hat he should net occulpy one-tenith p'art, of. the tine tha had been taken byhis learned friend in lhis address on behll of the plaintilf, nd kle should me iely- ireat the matter as one of business, and should tsk the jury, as; men of business, whethtr, if they had been pluced in the position of the defejidants, they w ould not hayve-aoted` preckely as tkey had done ander bte circumstanes 1 He zust confess that he was astonIshed to- hear his. leared" friend; inthe zealof adVocacy, atteMpt to justifytheconduct:, of the plaintiff; for itappeared tohiin that hewasproved to o -have, been -perfecty well -avrare of all the fraudMlent'proceedings that were going oan, and that the directors: -when-they became aware of the facts, -were perfectly justi- ~Ged-in dismissing such a mani fromtheir service He went': on to state that it bad been Mttmpted-tobe showns that thd- ,p tif was merely acting under tste authority of the dirkoc - tors,-but it was absurd to suppose that this was the weae for I the evidence showed that those; directors were proais of disprato circumstan ce s, wh o were appointed by thep l&intiff- himself,-and-who-were zaerely his puip'ets, I dojuSt Iht,. hec pleased. The directors of 1S53, whro-: at tbe ,samd tiuie werhe tlhenfly shkaerlehtolders in existene,did everithi,ig- thoer plainuti askd he-hybrodmne,ty gav chck jut s h dsird,andhewasthrepnil wb if dferpeo th remdeteChaned to hae those affirsc fthe h coman ct in a aroer mnner , adr the. subm ideth te hos donethe .t Te thniFe duty in dsumissing uh&piavnting and tha, they wourl he negleeted the a duont sy theyt oweto aenire tsh aolwdienars theyhard alrofed a manited up 4wit seuch- ransatons the tostehit if the juen dueposd to toe remaintif tany loner ind -theirservice.d hisl,tedfedns- thejJuir te ntuore for the ac ton,imsad that nth wathstnin t ev ethaordinary cha,rct ofs taheg edreem the defend - upntby hthe disntiise stheill,ifth jurym shoulr beofopinio thacct he hadiso misconduxctd himself,nthedefendatst weirebaifatoundtoan iful thaythoagremet. ithathe only mants-erea tn eenthtet plea,ct whic lalleed thatse frthe defend.nt hadl urgea-upon th em that th eoriginal directors were mainly the-" puppets" of the plaintiff, and he must say that it ap . pmeare to him from the evidence, andl from a variety of entries that appeared in the books, that the plaintiff really 'v as the prime m over in the m atter, and that he had the entire controloftheofficersofthecomipany. ERsLordsbipthencalled the attention of thejury tothe circu-mstances co 4nected with the original advance of the750L,-for the purpose of deceiviing the public as to the amount of maoney that was subscribed, and to the advance of tho dlifferent slums to the directors axid also to the loss of the 100Z. check; -_nd he said. it ap. pearedi to him thrt. even supposinig tho'se acts had been thdsets of the directors, the plaintiff as an honest maan ought ne,t to have sanctioned them or have permitted the false entries to be mazde in the books, and that, having done so, the new directors, when they discover4d& what had taken place, -were justified in withholding -their confidence from such apersen, and in dismissing him from their-service.I -The-jury, after-deliberating-a short-timne, expressed awish to know whether they were justifiedl in taki-ng into consideration the subject of the comnmission due to the plaintiff. The Camn BAiioN said, they had nothing to do with that subject., If tepanifwsette oayhn at the lperioDd of his dsisltamihbedsoeofyanher p-rocess. Theolqusinhshudiaettemws hehr thedeednswrjutfeindssigth plaintiff or not The Jury said they were of opinion that they were justified in dismissing him. Upon this finding a verdict was taken for the defendants.
NORTHERN CrRCU=T - - APPLEBY, AuG. 6. * -'ne assizes ior te county ot Vestmoreland commenced to-day. llr. Baron BramNwell arrivedaf Appleby soon after 9 o'clock last night, and immediately proceeded to the Crown Court to open the commission. This morning his Lordship attended Divine service, aftor which the businessR 'commen,ced. The calendar coitains the names of three prisoners, and there were two civil causes for trial. TOLEXIA.b V. BURTON. Mr. Overend, Q.C., ind Mr. Bradley appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Atkinson for the defendant. The plaintiff, who iz a vwholasale paper manufacturer in london, brought this action to recover from the defendant 'the rice of aquantity of paper sold tocthbe=tlaad.-- Verdict for the plaintiff for 401. Os. 10d. SQURE V. STEVERS. Mr. Serjeant Atldnson anrd Mr. Bradley appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Overend, Q.C. for the de endant. The action was brought to recover a sum of money duo on a promissory note, and on a balance of an account. The case occupied a considerable time, a great deal of confiicting evidence being given, and the jury, after deliberating some time, on being asked if they. had agreed on their verdict, said they were not for the defendant, but they could not make -up thei. minds. At last they found a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. Of the prisoners the grand jury ianored a bill against a v.oman for concealing the birth of lhur child; one pleaded II "Guilty"l of robbery; and no evidence was offered against the third. LA2ZfCASTE1I, 'AVG 7. Mr. JUstice WILLIS opened the commission here yester;day afternoon for the northern division of this county, and attended-Divine service afterwards. This morning Mr. Justice WimsEs and Mr. Baron BRAs. WELL took their seats in court at 11 o'clock, Mr. Justice Willea sitting in the Crovn Court and charging tho grand inry. The criminal calendar contains the naLmes of eight prisoners only-two charged with manslaughter, two *ith rape, ao with forgery, and the rest with larceny and minor offences. The cause list contains an entry of five causes. CRieOWN COURT.-(Before r. J.stiie WILLES.) James Jackson was indicted for forging an endorsement on a bill of exchange, on the 251h of June,_ 1855, with intent to defraud James Rawlinson. 3fr. Kay appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Whigham for the defence. It appeared that the prosecutor, James Rawlinson, is a currier at Burnley, and he had had various transactions with the prisoner in leather, and theprisoner, in Mbarch, 1855, owed him a debt for leather amounting to 131. 18s. Id., for which he accepteda bil of excchange drawn on him by the prosecutor, payable two months after date. This bill was dishonoured, and,in the meantime, theprisoner having obtained more leather on credit, the debt now due by him to the prosecutor amounted to 201., for which the pnsoner proposed t give another bill of exchange. The prosecutor declined to take it unless he could obtain some security or a good name to put on the back of it. The prisoner then said he could get a farmer named William Chadwick, 'who lived at'a farm called Crow-holes, to endorse the bill, and he was worth many times its amount. The prosecutor thereupon agreed to take a bill, and drew upon the prisoner a bill of exchange. which the prisoner accepted. .The prisoner then took away the bill, and twvo days afterwards he brought it hack with the signature of William Chadwick on the back of it. This s:gnature was 3 forgery. The bill was dishonoured, and on. mnquiry about it the prisoner was taken into custody, and then stated that "Ihe had forged Wfill's name of Crow-. -These facts having been proved, the learned counsel for the defence addressed the imry. * lis .o LORDSHIP summed up, and the jury found the prisoner G'usty. I[is Lorxsnrp, in passing sentence, said that the offence was avery serious one in a commercial country like this-' hut as in the present instance the prisoner appeared to be an ignorant man, a.nd commercial credit was not much injured by this forgery, he should sentence him to be inmpri soned wvith hard labour for 12 caleadar monthas- William Helme, aged 39, was indicted for feloniously placing stones on the Preston and Tongagidge Railway, and upsetting a railway tender, on the 16th of Apnril ast. Mr. Crosse prosecuted, and Mr. Monk defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner was engaged as a night watchman, by the Preston Board of-Health; to, -watch some waterworks c7nStruCting near there, and on thc night of the 16th of April last, he was seen on tbe railway line near Longridge, apparently goinit to 'the placs where it was his duty to watch. One of the railway company's ser-ants ordered him off the line, and- the suggestion 'on the part of the prosecution was that this had caused some angry and spiteful feeling on the- art ef the prisoner. The line was nassed over at 8 o'clock safely; and at half-past 10 that nighCa train was return.ing to Preston, when, about 100 yards from Loigridge, the engine, after biumping some time over the obstructions on the line, was stopped by the tender being thrown off. the rails. On examining the place itfwas found that a number of stones had been placed on the rail, and on the enigine-driver looking about he saw the prisoner looking over a gate at him, and he asked, "Are you oft?' to which tie en"ine. driver replied, "Ay, we are off sure enough." The prisorerthen walked away without offering any assistance, He was afterwards taken into custody onthe charge of having placed the stones on the rails, and then denied that be had been near the place that night. Numbers of persons had parsed tbat w ay and near the spot going to a fair. Tnis was -the case for the prosecution. 3r. MoyNK rose to address the ju-v for the defence, but His LOS'RnDsn thought there was no case for the jury. The prisoner was therefore acquitled?. 'CIVI COURT.-(BefOee Mrr. Bas-en BaRA vE~) This was an action of replevift for impounding the plain. tiWfs cattle, whichth defendaaiit had imapounded for being' tf3-f'his moor. The' plaintiXff,n repl.y,7set a inrescnP tive igit of common-to depasture his cattleo]n WheetOn.' nicer, an.d also user la of right' for 60 years and for 30- -Mr. derieaaet?Wilins, lTr.At;hertea,'Q.C., and lr.-Segr the eoisnty alMine and k. ~!ani or the defeidant. 2- The evidence wsentirely cenasieting, tMat-1br tbhi plain' iiffshcwinng -tha sla .ttle iee turneac the moor au ti-mesend whenever he liked; that for the defendaut, that the cattle were lwas impounded when ihey chanced-so stray or. the^znoor.. X .-.- :fis LornDSnm3 having sunined ;ti. hbh d ; . i .lhe jury found against thex prescritiegh claimea, uid tbat e plaintiff had usedt ta common as of night for W
CIMSTFII Ar7nm',r 7-. U,tO"X COUPrT.--{BefswiMr. .ViisCeCa'CR-psoN.) -Thomas cross -was indicted- -for. t'he miurder of-Gre-eswAySaunders, at Birlrenhead, on 4he.Sth; of march I ITr. Davison (with -whomvwas Mrx. W;. Jackson) conducted'the-prosecution, and Mr. Weliby defended the prisoner.- - - The prisoner is a shoemaker, ind up to the lamentable" ocunence which formed thte subject of the indictment had borne an excellent character, and brought uap a fanily'is great -spetahility. The doceaaea was a proces&s-errer an the court of the hundred of Wirrell, whicb. has cogza zince of debts- unaer 40s., and A-plaint ha in been entered against the prisoner, I-a' 'went to .h a a.= housB.- to rweeie 8d., or lev-y z- ~ hisa- goods to thatamiouint wordinig to -tlic. etila ism ft eurt-t,which constitutes a foced "cappearance." It did Zget a . rthatany quarrel t pl b_ a person who' cseamalyeteied the shop d8posed to seeing the prisoner strike the deceaed on the sloulder. and on the forehead witsa boot-4ey. b Hes wsrmovedto theid,rnary, -where) he lingmeed until the 2d of April, when he ied. , - pr. WEsat y urged thlat -thmo e ywas no -hiroof. of mace prepense, -inech was necessar.toh constitutel .ndsre that-i town decaed was labouring ulinder ihnic disease, was b of ing - terpeate habits, aked dtd nosidierfrom theaactueateffects of t ThelearnedJunhaving sunime nctrp D .Th tarytfund the prisoiesi olilty of maslaughter, ana hewnte d out to six mionts' iemprisomneait. a .* - - - The civil busness having:been concluded, s r. Justice Wof ,res proceeded to the trial otpriFoners o TB.ejamrin Baylis wasi iudete&dfor stealing lead, to the valnefr of 311., the pruperty-ofthe corporation of0Chester. Mr. WVels'by, with Mr. Madintyre. prosecuted: and M3r. 1 Gipard, with Mr. Horatio th oyd, defendedthe tpilioner. - elsotLnting.alt4sether t4 3l. - It appead that thee t isa onerw appoited- furveyor of the city of C in 1846, to lok totsewerage, pavingand al maatters incidental to the sitdtatioihv He -was lsoint-rusted with money to p syer he .*iges of habturers, but' ihdno authority tofdoseofan i propi y bbelonging o ate: corporation, or to eceeive monsys on the iiaccount. IHe conductecdmimself soi as to obtain the fall confidense of the towncouincil nfrto 1853; and in that- year, it being- dedh termined te make extenasve repairs amid alterations idea th Exchange buildinigs, a contraft -iva entered: into with Mfr. Huaghe-, to effect than,; and plans-And- spweclfationswere prepared by the prisoner, en6 of the cluses being that a quniyo I la a ob takens fromn the reeoig, to he -imbve-EL -to any~ - pia-ec pointed out by is e prisoa e, hut to t remain the undoubted property of the corporation. In IWo saspicionsof arose,with respect to 3 tZer h. iit9, in inot ue nected with the present investigation. tHe:pes. iequested by the deputy town-clerk to mnake a full explanation, r~gading _them -but iebmnittedn to do so, anda leftythe city suddenly. precical tionsintheprlsoner's diountsweresubsequentldiscovered, - norwas he heard of until July. this year,tnhenlie-wrasap prehendedl atRotherham, in Yorkshire, where he was aotin' ma the same capacity of town surveyor. It was now provea. inc.ntestably that on- the Oth of Pehruaiy,. I=5, a esnamed ha yney, by the prisoner's diretlons, took aqari. f old lead from the Excdhange to te os tf o easre. Parker, Walker, and Co., where he sold it, and received 10T bs. from the casheri; theleadwas described on the re.o cipt-ticknet as the b property of the sorporation, andwas tak-en -in carts marked, "The ExFchange Building Committee." On the 2dof August another lotvwas sn n disposedl of for 8!. 10s. 6d. On the- following day, lmr parcel was soid, and oni the 6th a fourt-h-thesnurelzd anmounting-altogether to 31!.. -I - I - -Air. GIn'sARiD, in a speech of considerable powver, con-, tenidedl that the transactions, wierpe rfectly. fair aind open, xmi'thout the least attemnpt at conceament. The committee' themselves maight have seen'-what-was going on, and the. prisoner cold the lead under theiden that he was extitled toadditional remuneration for hils services i-n preparing theplasusforthe Exchanige, and ,auperintending the repairs; that he retained the proceedls of the sale under that impression, without any felonious intentioni, but meaningtac count for them at thewindin'~-up of the accounts. Frhr the manner in which he vas liviug openly at Rother7hain. in his own name, and as surveyor of that town, showed that lie had been actiLg riltogether under a milstaken idea, The jury Acquittea the prisoner. - ~~~~AuGusT S. CROWN COURTv-{Before c no s'o Benjpamin Baylis was again put to the bar, charged -with defrauding the corporation of 'Chester of -two sums of '11!. 7s. and 371. 13s. 9d., in August, 13583. The same counsel appeared as in the psevious case, and the circumnstances under which the money was obtained were preciseli the same, the only difference being that here the -indictment was for `embezzlement,'. whereas the other -was Afte a rotrcte tril te juy fundthe. prisoner Guity,an th lernd Jdgesetened imto one year's * Ter wae iveoterindctent, uttheywere mot pro. This terminated the busines of the aszesg .
IPOLC.E - * SL miuoues-30 'loy,2Toma ' nderwood, andaJames Robertson were brought beore the LosuD BIA-osi, charged 'with stealing a, large box, containing ribands, mantles, and other_.. rtid1eswhiclm hadabeen consignedlbf lilessrs. Leaf and Comnpany, wa-rehousemen, in O1ld Change, to the cae of the Great Northern Railway Company, at. thbeir office, at -the Bull and Mouth, for transmission to Bishop Auckl-and. Mr. Humphreys conducted the proFecution on behalf of the Great N orthern Railway Company; MI,r. Lewin jn. appeared for Robertson; the prisoners Paveley and Underwvood were umndif.Fnded. Alfred Carccr,'police-constable No. 491, said-OnMonday night last I received information of the loss of a box from a vau belonging to tho Great. Northern Railway Compan upon which I procured assistance and proceeded to th neiebbourhood of St. Paul's churchyard, where I saw the thrie prisoners and two other men talk-ing together. The five separated, and Robertson went dovwi Bread-stree, folI lowed a short distance by the other two prisoners and the two men not in custody. They all wenvE into the Hetchet publichouse, in Litlo Triniti-Isne. 31-Ay brotker oicel., Hill, andl I followed them in. I took Underwood and Paveley into custody, and told'themoinlarged them oni suspicion of stealing a box. 111, the other officer, apprehended lobertsen. Paveley had a mantle Wrapped up in a paper inside his pocket, which he tried to get outonthoevw, to the *tation-houne. After locking them up I went to No. 4, Crane-court, Lambeth-hill, and searched an attic there. I ifterwvards searched a room on the second floor and found the box produced. I there saw a person who represented herself to be Robertson's 'ifie. B. Hill, constable, No. 415, said,-Abouta quiarter to 10 o'clock on the night in question I 'went ivithtbe last' witness to the Hntchet poblichouse and charged the prisoners with ' cing concerned in a robbery. I found on Robertson a larcel containing the two mnantles produced. I then pro(ceded wit.h my brother officer to No. 4, Crane-court, ieher'e I foundt in the second-floor front roorn somne pleces - riband, cards of tassels, merino shirts, and a paper cap 1 als sao the last witness pull from Underneath the bed in the firs,tfloor front room the boxproduced,_.addressed " T. Da'kei, Bishop Anckland. " Mrs. B. Att ee, landLady of the house No.4, Crane-court Lambeth-hill (the house where. the property was found by the officers), said,-I came out of a hospital yesterday, ufter baviagbeenan inmate of it for several weeks. The pri.- Loner Robertson is my son-in-law. Dosing the time I was from home my-daughter and Robertson had charge of -the house at my request. The prisoner Paveley was alodger fhere, and oceupied ono of the top rooms. The officers, came to my house yesterday, and I pomted out to them the room which the prisoner Paveley and another young man oCcoupied. I Mr. H. Henshear, clerk to Messrs. Leaf, said, he selected the articles and put them on the counter for the purpose.of their being packed -up. H. Lane, porterto Messrs. Leaf, said, he packed ihe goods into a box, which he naled and corded, and addressed,- " T. Dakers, Bishop Aulckland. Luggage-train " '_ I ' H. Lankshear. carman iii the siervice oIfMe'issr. Leaf, said,-OniMonday-last I took'the box; produced by the offiersto he(leado~tsrnluggage-train -office at the Bull and Month. I produce the- delivery book containing the entry of the' receli~t for thoe same.- I lived with Thee prisoner Paveley for nearly twelve months in Messis. Leaf's service. He left their employment between 6 and 7 years ago. On Monday last T saw him in Old Change, be- tween6and 7 o'clock-, and I again saw. him shiortly aLfter.. 'wards in the yardl of the Great Western Rail*ay-offlce, 'whichi adjoins that of the Great Nlorthern, at the Bull and obuth. He waalone.- * J. Laikshear,brot-herof thels-wt ness-, alsoGdeposedato havinig seen F'aveley at the timne mentioned, both in the Old Change and at the Bull and Mouth, Payeley wa i his shirt-sleeves and wore a~ pap?er cap. J. Hopper, porter in the - emplo ent of the Greet No-thern. PalwayCoDmpany at the Bull_ and Mouth, Idc vson Midaty lathereoniMed th e boxfro Hest, LalhearIsa sT whetreei haisced t.Ie b-lox saw pavoteaforah tPi iiia absence.Egoin>Rbdsnnuhibak NoTher Rilwy ompny atYObrh the Bull cand out. '-'--i ' ithn ahear wit hisnd cat. Ie2 from sa Faele g n - asside the gateway. the abouf.axl ax= Pelice constable Ca ter was recalled, ana in crdsi-exxii nation-by Mr. Lewis said,-I saw-the five men togethe? -f,a ,Cannon-street about a-quarterto-.10 onMond,y night.' To the best of mny belief Ro6bertson 'was one of, the men, but I 'will not positively swear to him. I wasin plain clothes, - ': r. Lewis.-If you had taken the five 'mien into custody7 I very much question w,hether Robertson woulId have been fouind to be oub of t'hem. - he LORD MAIYOR.-There is no fo-undation whtvr, for thiat eremark, or for castinig the slightest-reflection uapon theb cfficer, who has given his evidence - in a moat straigbtfot~' wardI and satisfactory manner; - MLr. Lewis said, he did not mean to cast any reflexion upon the officer.. - t_ Faveley, mnd underwoodi dceclined putting any qoestions t6 the 'witnesses, anid said they should- rserve-th6ir. defence. I -The three prisoners were fuly committedfor trial.- lIr. Lewis applied-tat his cl-ient, Robertson, raightb1e adh anitted to, bail.t Tjhe LORD -MAYzOl refused the application. - - Gurmnkar~-eorgeThoma and eary Hillyer; t*ro -Va orirobberiesa.t reeiin-hnesiradffrzx ars .London, -A at-, ,V Lo.dPo.cck, theosolicitor tho-e Postffolt d a t Pr6osecutin. b- -WUOI e ,dt Mr. John C Stephens- rid,-I am At anctioner, And live Eng-street, Covent-grden. On the 21st of Jly I made a remittane to York;, thoughM erL Coutts&j, Co.- } dNre on them a -chcik 1or 76l, 17s. 6d, sdc p&b1e to essms Baclhouse and Sons, vihich I crossed in t U setal manner, put it in an InvelOpe, fastened it, and. directed it-to' Messrs. Backlhouse and Son York- Itwas theu:put' ii the EUsua plac for leter tobepohtd at the reif n-- house, itrnig-street, Coyo-irden.w Th L consequenooof snfonrsstson I recived, I: fterwad requested MeEsrs Choutts.not to- pay the checc,,exoepmt in the sul manner.- I crossed the chleck and 7rrote cnit "and Co,, bankers,"' but it has been erased fromlhe chec}. Theword "bankers" cam clearly be traced on it nowr. -The letter ahould hare been posted about the middle of the da.. :Cross-examied bz Hiilyer.-I cannot. swear that the letter was posted in. lg-street. . -By Aldernan C s-The person who posted theletters- is here. -Thomnas White said,-I am porter to the last witness.- I took aletter on the 21st of July to theXing-Areet receiving. house. I took it from th9 place where letters for pcst were generally put. To the best of my recollection, I posted it between 1 and2 o'CGock in tbe aday. That letter was the only one I posted in the middle- of that day. I did not notice to whom it was addressed. Cross-examined by Hller.-I made no nemorandum of having posted the letter, nor did I know thltit contained a check.. . - . TLnlia Whorrod said,-I amn houseloeper to Xr. Daniel, 6t ;Kig-street, Covent-karden, who keeps the post-offlce rec6iving:house, and I aOmiuhduties.-- n -Monday fortnight I1made up the 2 o'clock collection, and put the, letters on the counter. Mr.: Cutler came in, and, whileT 7was stamping the letters, he ulsed me put one among them, xwhich he neld in-his hand. He- slipped -the letter in with -the others to go by that despatch, ind -while he wras doing so.a man came in. Mr. leacoclt.-Look round the counrt and see if yoi can identlfvthatman . --ThewvitnessloL-ea-iouindthe--eoar ana-at la6t pointid'out an officer inplain clothes named Bailey anid .then sid, ,"My impression is that that is the man." ? !lr.-Peacock.-What, that officer7 Vitness.-I-do not say that he is the man, bht he is like him, ouly he had not that bit of hair onhis chin. I do not belieieeithee of the prisoners was the man wh came in first-and sat down while I was doing up the letters- Aother nian and a woman came in, the former for a London. Journ a and the latter for a postage stamp. Theyboth loft as soon) as served, and aboat five minutes, afterwards I missed the letters. Our young man came in and isked me if IIhad made p the collection. I told himn I had, and he would find them there. He asked where, and in directing his attention to them Idiscovered they were gone. Nfo other persons besidesthose I have named had entered the shop from the time the first man camne in until I nissed the letters. Criss'examiined by Hillyer.-My impression is that 'the -man who first came in for a letteraddressed to " J. H.," and afterwavds asked for The Times to read, 'was a stouter man thaneither of the prisoners. -missed the-letters about ll minutes pasb 2 o'clock. 3dward Cutler said,-I amn a clerk, in the Westminster lifz-office, King-street, Coventg&dem - I was in the receiving-house kept by Mr. Dajalel on the day in question, and saw a man sitting there very much resembling fHillyer, and I believe him to'be the mn. Cross-examined by Hllyer.-I was there about a minute -and a half, and the man, who -was stting in a chair near the door was so much like flhlyer, that I recognized him directly I saw him again. ! ]ElenHaringtonsaid,-Iharelmnown.both the youragmen at thebar_about 10 months. Thomas has gone by the name of Robert Harrington, and Hillyer by those of FrederickHarrington and Frederick Thessiger, but they are not brothers. Thomas lodged in the same house with me, and has also gone by the name helhs now giren. Thomas.-I have been living with her. - 'Witness, wbo here drew down her veil, was requested to raiseit, in c-der that her evidence, andthemnanerin which itwasgivea, might be morecleayobserved, and said,-ihave seen the priSoners frequentlytogether, and on such occasions I have left-the room, hat not at their request. I have only done so for the pupose of going upon some errand for tnem. Alderman CHAIrS.-You will find it to your interest to state the truth simply, without looking to either of the prisoners. Witness.-On Tuesday last the two prisoners and Clara Thessiger wereatmylodgings, but I do not know where Hillyer lives. Clara Thessiger lives in St. 3f1 's-square, K enningjton. Michael EIaydon, plico-constable, 21, said.-Since the last esamination I have ascertained wh'ere the prisoners lived, and have searched their lodgings At Thoasis red'dence I found a photographic portait of himself, some books, letters (not -et examined), and 32 duplicates relating to property in pledge. At Blyer's lodgings . found a photographic portrait of himself and 26 duplicates referring to a great variety of property. From the nature of the pro. pertyin pledge, I have no donbt I shall be able to prove it cas been stolen. Thain, the detective officer who accompanied me, brought away a white hat from each of the pri-zoner's lodgings, which I think rri.y lead to their identification with other robberies, some of which are said to have been committed by a man in a 'white hat. -lMr. Peacock said,-That is al the evidence I have to offer at present in this case; but I have another charge i against the prisoners, which I shaillnow proceed with. George eywood, clerk to Burgess and Son, the well,known fish sauce manufacturers, sail,-On the Xbth of May last Inaade out anacoonnt againstMessrs.Hearon, MCaldoch, and Co., of Bishopsgate-street, for 3M21, subjectto a discount of, 21 Per cent. I wrote a note saving I should call on the follo;eig Saturday for payment. I posted that letter on the same day, at Mfessrs. Gifford and Lmndc-ks, of 104, Strand. On the following morning I called for the amount of the bill, and-found Mr. Squires had paid theimoney-to some. body ese. The account produced-is not in the handwriting of any pmon in Mr. Bnrgeses estabiihsinent. -- - M Er. WillimSquires scd,-Iam a partner in the-firm of Hearon, h'Culloch, and Co., 'wholesale -druggists. The letter referred to by the last witness did not reach ourfirn in due course by post. On the following morning, a respectably dressed young man, whom I believe to be the prisoner Thomas, brought me the note, which I opened, and found it contained a ip or memorandum of -a slort accomunt from Messrs. Burgess rind Son, due on that day. Thero 'was a slight discrepancy in the amount of the ball and our account, which I pointed out to the person bringing it, and said he miigh take the amount wee made Iout the balance to be if he liked. I accordingly wroto a check for 311. Os. 2d. upon Smith Payne, and Smith's. As I was about to cross the chad-, in onr usaaL course, the young man requested me not to cross it as he had some money to pay on his return, and would get the check cashed. I gave himthe invoice, and he wrote the ieceipt in my presence. He did not say'where he ame from, and i did not ask him, because I was satisfied by his ,roducimg the account. On leanIing shortly after from MYr. Heywod that the prisoner Thomas was no servant of +heirs I went to the bank to stop the check, but found -it had been already paid in gold. Alderyan CEiSz., at this stage of the proceedings, said,I shall remand this case for another week, to enable the ffizers to make some inquiry with regard to the property pawned. The prisoners then complained that they had been k-ept separate while under remand, and had not been allowed to consult together. Alderman CHALLIS said, if they had leagued together to commit a crime it would be the -duty of the magistrate not 'to permit facilities which were inconsistent with, and wvich would frustrate, the ends of justice. The prisoners were 'hen removed. ' Bow-sTP.s.-John Pinkerton was brought up for the third time on the charge of receiving a large quantity of goods, supassed to have been stolen. He-was again defended by -Mr. Lewis. jun. InspectorIlitchell sd dthat he had five or sim complete cases against the prisonor. The witnesseswerepresent, and he was prepared to go on with those cases if his 'worship thoight it expedient. He would, in a few days, have some otber cases to suhinit to the, magistrate, for letters were daily ariving from persons who, having seen the advertisemertsinsertedin 0he !imnz, had recognised the descriptions of their respective property. One of these had bern handed to him in court, and-related to a ring having an in. scription on the inside, by wbich it could be very clealy iaentified. - Others referred to rings and fvatches. Mr. HsNnY thought the police nust hs-re more time. 31r. Levis had no objection, if bailwere allowed. Mr. -,Ruy -would certainly not admit him to baiL Mr. Lewis argued the point at much length, and with great warmth, and ultimately finding his worship firmly reselvee net to grant the applietion, 'he requested that the prisoner might beat once committed, so that he might apply to a judge at cnambers. The prisoner was ultimately remwanded for a few days, withthe -understandingthat at the next examinat;on he should ha commzitted for trial. l: BoPs.ouGH-sTnEEr--James Lockey, a van-driver, 'was brought before 11r. BznzGai , charged with driving over Police-constable Butler, B 35, and breaking one of his thigh bones in two places, on the night of the peace illuminations. _ The constable has been under medical treatment since the occurrence, andSwas discharged from the hospitallast week. - Tho evidence, -which was of considerable length on both sides, was very confficting. - b It apneared that a van belonging to Mr. Salmon, a mnanure manufacturer, was hired by a number of persons to ta;e themn round to view the illinations 5: that when in legent-streef an obstruction occurred 'which caused a halt in the line of vehicles; that the defendant drove out of t\he line, with the intention, as -alleged, of dosing up with that part of the procession that was going on; that:the polee attempted to stop the varn ; and that in effectiig this the, injured constable was knoc'k-ed down, and had his thigh fractured in two places by.being run over. One of the: constables sw-oro that the horse was going' at the rAte of about 10rmiles an.hour att:hetime,andthatitwasbetaue - of this dIangerous pace that the police interfered. - - I For the defence a witness named UnderhilI stated it 'was nonsense to talk of tbe- horse going at the rate of 10 miles an hour, witha van 'weighing nearly a ton -and about 30 grown persons in it. Tho truth 'was that the driver only 'pulled out of the rznk at a walking pace in orderro-rejoin the vehicles that were going on, anrd that the vanjhd not gone more than a dozen yards when the police ran forward, - seized.the reins, and puled the horse over on the other side of the way, which 'was the cause of the constable being knocked down.- -The main-features:of this statement were corroborated by other witnesaes, onie of Rhom icomplained - of the conduct of the .w lice in taisn the .whole party to.thestatioet-kouse, satEepolice one keepigposesion of the vasi aud horse. . ' - llr. Thcssiacsaid, hewsas very gld the case Isadreceived- such fu}l investigation,-as-it enabled hini to :speek -on hisown personal exprience-of£the genea g6ed-ednduct of the injured o6&tablet. and to expess a hope ihit 'the autori tie Would'Xive irsz aekliberal insideratiorr.asthe injuries o h dsnatiiedwovldao d&t affeta him for .ife. A- tbtasi time, hlr st ao. stt 1 e e -oqhu *to beach lleroisz the seut of snEtmg l*1chai taUbleowaeil- tinth respet to aiqr ii'.tha i pprin the evidence-of- di&ut winms !H belew oatbo4hthe storidiffaresomt is en p r thao paties adAiren i oeiintios7and fs tful utd 'What thyad Seen- for it meat lie- eUctbd; thiwt iiitnteses .igera2ly spse of -the san trnsAactin t dSfeteiit inorensXoftinie, and humdifferent poinbso vine. "HSe could not convict the defe o riit ass.s-evidenoecf .fuion, drivng, and he m-att erefove or.derlij to be dis are4 From Mr. W. Bwkl - Z 2L. has :bom : received foe t;h poor-bo. ; WORSIPETRr.-AneXurley, a middle-iged wmQM of repuive appearace, Wa chard -before Mr. D'XrVCOURTr with the following offciAesu ndei the Bldging-hois. Act .- - L. . Mr.Joeefh Prioe, the distict mspecor under teact, stited'thAt this cae was oneorf -the vworst titthad conle underhis zotioe, exitenive uliis experne-einthis "i-af offence, bad been. The dfendnt thewido ofa mn. !who formerly kept a low beirshop in Spitalfideds and who had been repeatedlr in cutody foraamttepop the oli aan other chrges ,na woe eath, bouc weo In4nthsago, he defendantlbad tcrsied on the brsines. Tba whole family-were cif very Aotorious c eter oaonya.s no0=ndergoiEg four yearpe servitde for hihway Irobbey- another srn ad daughter had been sveraltimes in custodyfor robberies from the person; and theirifa <f another son was norW keeilug aL notorious house, which s frequently the 6cene of rotberies sand other o 7fenceslnaddi; tion to the beershop.,which the defidant urried on hraenfj bhe had also opened two otherhouses in 1 lstraU t Spitash elds, which were the ountinuAl resort of youn" >thieves &in-' rosttutes, whom the defendaateno6nrsgeaiiit ierairi- c& Iipractior, nl, as hi had ined from iome of was in the habit of dismi'ig them every r.ooring in pnur suit of-their calling with a sort of miteinil blessing -and'a` customay expreseion of ers eof "'God bless -you, my -li dre, go and do thebestbu cam" He lisA. received cl61 tions from the Polioe Conissioners to ^se hiis' best exertions to, Empprees mich places, arnd hewirs inhop" thiat aiter the incesscnt trouble this fawiy hIai. given him his; officers,and the police generally for aJongs time P't-4' Iho was now in afair wavy or effecting -it as far as hi7 rere. concerned.& Nleither of the houses leep -by-the endanV for the reception of 'lodgers had been either approved of registered, as theyre2 bouM'to -be bythe -teims of th40 iset. - - -- - - - 'TheinspecttT thei cilJed -Bergen' Gihies' who-poS, that -on the 16th of July he 'isited -the- howsepeot-bhy thiC dofendant-in George-street, Spitalields, where, ii'beds in four smsll rooms, he found no less than 2x adults and tio cshildren, 'whose nightly payments for theirlodnji aveiSa~v a rs gwm of 3d, each, and iIl of the forner he knew tube eith& -pro teseor thieves at one of 'the hoses iii TbrsJIstreet, befon odl4adplts, a nd in the. itchen siven re; theflatterwerenotin becs, bnt all of them were of the sa e- character as those at the honse in George-street, h ne d their nightly aveSrage 'was 3d. each. At the tbird house, ndjoin-y aiutheusecond in Tnstreet, and which was 'ed s joint mi rshop o nd lodging-house, he found 1e adults' ill n ;whom he likewise knew to be :prsitutes or thieves, and in/ many instofnces both. t - --- The defendant had no answer,to tbe charge, and ' - eor. eY3E CoDx, fhter ginaidverting uonc the ilagranth Dature of the defendant's con'duct;, 'sentenced her 'so pay ai"' jaccumulation of penalties amounting to.3L, and the aos;dag anld ;varned her that, if -brought before him agai for ai offence, he should enforce against her the highest amount of iines the act allowed him to impose. The defendant couXld not pay the jenahties in time, an 'was taken awy itho van. .Sol'wAn-homsa }Haris, a middle-aged man, t'ho. has been in custody several times for fraud, avas, brought - before Hi. Camste, charged with being concerned wsith - *William Harris, his son, not in custody, in obtaining a largo quatity of timberfrom the CommerciniDoceks, Itotherhtbe, - by means of a forged order. He ws ailso charged with steaig the timboer.b The prisoner, -who asid he should reserve his defence, as fuily comitted.
- CRYSTAL PAUCE.'-OIU SMiET G DAY, riday,' Aug. 8.-Admissions on payment, 3,728; ditto, by season tickets, 507; to'alviitos, 4,235, _-- DEstanyD L AcciDENm FBOYd MCHBTN-EY.-AI inquest was held on Mondaylust at Holton Beckering, bj cr. aitchins, on the body of W. Brattonf a steady yonrg man of 22, oswner of one of laytoanand Ch.'s steam-engines. Ie was throshint ypon the farn of hlrs. Straw, and got w apon the top of eengins to scrape off thPe weat that haa aligffhtc-lthfere, and by somie mschance his foot shipped and irs mght footgot entaegedin the machinery at t oe drum. The accident ras one of the most fearful and etcruciafing character, ynd at the sa time one ofathe most astongshngh There was a snace not more than an inch and a-hoaf broae for the foot to go into, yet the strong nilted boot and foot were drawn in the boot was torn to pieces, and te foot. crushed horrib5ty. The sufferer screamed out, and slowly The leg 'was dniwn dowvnTh,e bonw crushed, and the faeshl torn Uep to beyond the knee and halfway tip ie thigh. Ihe strap was town off and thoe engine stopfed. Th e unihap man, suffering torments indescribable,lgaged to d h ei- catediu bat no one could iake the part of The machirner to pieces which it was lecessary to remove to ger hin onut MBr. linker, surgeon, of Wraghy, was sent for, and he arrived. three-quarters of an hour after the accident, and aided in getting the limb removed from the dreadfxdvice. Very little bood we lost, huthe shock was so fearfrilly intensa that ;the injured man did not surdvs e mor btan two hours Verdict-Accidental Death-IirieoZn Mcrcui-i. DwISmEssabl CauAxLcY. -aOnd Tuesday lasa gan ineinest was hold at the Bod Lion. Inin,. 2'otham, near Bidweford, Devonshire, oxvievo thebodytof t enry Cor-n deme, ahont 26 years of age, son of Ijmr. Johu Cordeu, linen manufadctrer, Barne'ley, whEo camse to his death andei circmsnces of a most painful-charcter. Deceased arrived bt Bideford on sSaturdaylast on uic ness. OQn Suday morniaghewe?nt outfora-walksalongtbcsandsasa far as "Boulsder ridge," and There seated himself on apiece of xock, ,an commenerced reading, and 'while thus engaged his attention was attractel to the shout- of some boys, who called oat to him that nelSess he came dovn fromthe rock iVmediately he would be drowoned, as the oide was coing in tery fast. Hte got downs and made towrar.ls the shore, but it was too late; ,se was tin hie to reach land, and-arssdrowvned. An alarrs was rased, and every ex;ertion made, bat the body vwas nob discovered nintil the foLowig day, when it wvas founnd by ai shrilmi p fisherman, and con-veyedto l2'ortham, a village about~ a mile distvart. A telegraphic desonatlswas forwarded to deceased's relatives at P.rriey, w ho have been pJlunged into t the deepestt distress by the event. - Onr Thurdy the body I was renioved to Swvinten previous to its interent atBolton- on-Deare yesterday (Friday). The jury retur ned a yeadict of "Accidentally dro-vned.;'" - : :arA dverisemeHt.oa'i Dorto Eotard Iienton," a2NaSa} lofel bhi Ca,Ptai Sthe EUw=fBelhar,l .,oC., &, 3 tr Capblisn e a-sCrshin ]telc-r whoserattempt at eploration imtl3 * rctic Circle in coonexion with the serch a£ter Fran}lin is fam'ili o hepublie, appears nowr in asoother character-namely, th5tor . n,aval noretist; and * Horatio Hoard Bento' is the dam yodbucin. of his pro emuos of the fa.nce ofaGr Scle aCooDer~ or a La, at.~Captain Khcbrisre his leaders that the plot ana cimrasascet the novel arc drawn from th life. andthat theyrefer to the-chl_er-or 000 ahom omec oS the retest mnof the ratsteneraion -were peoud tocal! theirfriend. In his ownworda 'it is a bioaphy and yet a noveI -aromane, but a true one,' There is muchl 0 that ond proees- ion.al information in tbis nel-which romance readers do not usully, meet-with. It is soe isnteree M t a story, and can be cordialy se conmend&dto pitide falvourascuuniue naTal nveL'-' Observer.n rAdvertisemnt.}" The Young Lord -" bythe auithor of "The Discipline of i .fe," £c, in-2 Tyom, j"t rutblishe& - "y Emnily Ponsonby has est edlhedeelf as one the mnot acoi psiihed riters of the day, and in the tYoung Lord' sha xs Vernu one, * tiebest itmotthebest,ofthenmre!sof theeason, There isthxogna oubtfue tone ofmorality,bhile thereisr.over o£ delimeatiou an; asilt imhandling charactes and incidents which clothe bers sorwith' an interest which never lags. The prinual characer sreeall deliceated -sith hidlvido,liti and power. All who have a taste forthis species of literaure will rea this attractire ctcry._-" eva [Advertisement.]-Os the 12th inst. a Series of. Streo_' ampie Seenoesfcm the "Wiontc's Tale" (so exqusitely r4ace the stage byMr. and MIr eaun) will bh publishedi by the Lon&s Stereecootae Company d.a 1, Oro sereed. -J Scenewimll coomprehenathepriaators in i gorse '-s,tade," and each subject wilt be erlpainre bv descriptieItes , with quotationa t anill fornt tha ost cltaG and beautil seelsa ofbinocularpitares everjeuec- Ordam ca only be erecautejia the setquence in which they a-e receieid. Suitablo Stee ,i &n to 21is&ecs. Thesetwill ais: of I5 subiecs and be exjteuly and butil edolusvd. $- Ia the at. or ;is, each sirdly. "TDxii groups aond views are the Sneetwe .swaa '-'Art osaah" -: -[Advertimment. Wel tes BsihiiliDg Dictioay," by Dr. ~rtst~l\ is the iwet cheap dioC You:air you- u ,MO ettoes and it_m b*rbsa; od Mea rises diUoua d W. W_ta, tha aasiogit ISD i e oiat entice abdDalitst while,t iDrsE,Th lSitUiea - tb,'its ~been sedsad i mshilling botn im sh Sebsntliwo__ x-;
9ALES BY AUOTIOX. ImportantSale of valuable Leasehold Estates, situate in HorthbLmp ton-terrase and IZrhmtonstreeta Islington, producing £l35per annum, and helId at Ter lwground renta for I eng terms, in nine MUR. NEWBON (in conjunction with Mfr. .b=RELI bes toacquaint the numerous inquierthat the whole of the above RSTATESwere SOLD atte late ucton Small Inv ment&.-Claytonsre,Itntn MIRI. A. BOOTH willSELL by AUCTION, at the IJazt, ouThureday, August 16. atiS1 for in othre lots BPOHT brick-buLt.seenrOUmed t wiib andI1GHOSS stblng bIe.g 1m to76 aIm, elad di10,ro athnetfreet aoldorman-grond. rents.r lyea oreepataboun rennts, prodluelog aL rental of £2162 pEr= annum. Farticular atth CloekMartne el Ielnto an d of f Mlr. A. Booth, auctioneer andesaegnt esCarto gnt, 1. &Ultsnhamderx-roasoppomndeth-road, oppsie heBS. Leaeaold Iuvestment, Havertok-ll. MIR. A. BOOTH will SELL by AUCTION, at the I .Marl, on Thursday, Augut16 at 12 for l in tohreelots. TFOUR LESoatOLmptoUeW.Sou wtbawrapbope and lemeodStbling. hm Is 7 _WanSSRSoxbuGhADSDra , Pic WNTaER'sLOOaD, anertd- bill e hadrec from the freetolderatigoeret. e to reep ACTONct- abl tenats poducingars at rna lof ret,162 est-7 per annum, atclasa h Mrt;cuangewyl, osbutainedof MentsrsSea a4mnd Baker, solicitors, Cloak-lane, clity; andfioes r. Ol. Brooth,e acitioeradesaeaet No. C20ln-herrillas.ret Camdenl-rad, o.pCpoitel thaebBokdc As-me. 7 Lemls I is-atehl rnetepar,wthpoasdesin.roale. men o 'PT. A BOOrceTH willSELLton by L byCTION,at ath cubsantillyoull, sei-dtachd 1dIDECES 17it largegarde-ns. sitat 16e. Tast4k, and , CaTidenc-squadlehigh rl eadfoalehentds-palk toenollowar ocearathe o tinpe.tmenty aprsenarte letas te, mor51 east agrudrent s, 1120lo. pe iunleut£0m eranm.o hreya h threeLeIdeneawa beM fary esCTImate at prdue aretal on £315ay erAnnumt.2 .the ein)tuation is re MSmara Cy eatyandPecednl bing1l fexiio:angf r 2A ooh tauctoner and ospDoragnity for Carl- Sotathampetomewt, Southamptorn-nex.-Lretehof- stabliat. pire ter of9 yars an lowreeent, andI t £17 ls. per annum . rhe Stan20,-sernad-t,reet,vi south.l-Modere-ni Leasehold Housene andt ELLS hveNecIved iStrcost SEL byUACTION. at theMat, n anTugetay,a Auut12at1, acpdelEsirHOeL OUEE anLD PREMIERT,I theprisbng %e deirbl localiety,eld, undervthe mayb obaindof~am Crody,Esq slictor,e7 Serjeddnts-rosn, Fle-teet;atth Mart andtratMessrt. saudbmitteroo andli Eliss fiUcs, 1, ol Bread-stret ci Ty. dy x.1.at2 HE rentt ofo£a2th We perPannum. M R. ELLSWIlN S HIELL -yA TIn,l at the'arCT, FIday. Auguswt21.ut re,a ubetathially-bul, 170 MshopsgBatnd PReat vtSou bn etas 16,1, a I e-pae foerin a arouraba e oprtunaityo fsor apro- aroundtren, and mrlet, onegant daaemnt a £52 papers annum dechairns ofgreemnth wille,pr abot 20diablemanet and slaeehesi ienes mayd buehd thesMarnt- andplat terrHrash.Caeden Oinvewdaypdioand Bbssoraice,g old Brooa-street city.gzmybehd Staney ro-street,.eg-avia sul-MerLease hol T'~ R_deeesidehe pwith iion. 7ISIR. JE KN i~LL by AUCTION, n%ebrn- nespei at HOLD prOPaeoRtr,acmprisng uAb. 77.&SEonley-stret,aBIrrVi soth, pleaanly statea imndti rapt Tid iemproin nmeghorhood, statd oeingth perabgoo opportunit topestreet desirousaios arple eiter ora ton for iae fmly vwitscextenacide upablnges forai ther rfearlyM80 year atewa mDoderate ground ret. Mhaybe ioewed, and patsreticlrs,gwth on-K dTionso eam ls, hunsading thuremisues DeatlGrsraud' ofbere-ee. House- Leshold Iunitmrent, hondon-street, anea thselliCou Iedoin-o _UX. EIN 1M NSAi andSON~e to SEbLL to Aublc " TIO atthirORoms ata5wys lte rt"on Weduesday. Aug." 1ti TRE atso 12, 3kIUE,ad3, Londo-steet fouir.".sFrenth.a abovt, all leT=t resplecotabl teants. pnroducWing nearl £160permaluml, uandhldfr an otermsef .0 years,atadlwlandbrent.MImayneviwdbypemT&ision. ontl the sale, and pcidacugaus,wth co 50slndiiod ofESal, had uponthet preistntbes; of Mespr.Mvieze, taylBor,ho and aoely solicitors, 1roBedford-street, Cvenht-gren aothQrrway's ; andi attM. eninkns obeieaso 2,outampton-hstreleb,Sraned.sokb r or?aermsoa Hrcm eat Banookcasey. Pe iramb ulatr.oiy & mminty attete b heweand wnSfacs of wl Moore' byo haviC-fo tho,2 eir graitaRoom, a91 poionadsloy, on Sturdbayi, Ag the atthdoncl4usiongofwhe sale of boos, gaivery newatd MfAHOiesat BOOKCpaS,lfcutuidelshofer.blleTakelsbwitedb m aduble-spated peranblae Watalowues copying macie n ariouestri-1ee ationeer,Anoe.. Twwad'-enty-fourth Sale b ordPehngigs JVJFR EDWIG WITE il EL wil rL pby -raUCBrgtIon,e aY wt hou ttresro athi Rooms, 170. ishoeraestet ihot oan Wdees August I3, a altalfewl2 preisly, deavery VLareassortment of PCF knownGas comprising Sueeks Nig tins,l golds, dnth ariash Brihtontrsand marble, elegatedrawing-oom p&yaprs, iandhecoations of Frnch maz e abouxte 20Inadl andturslate chimey piees and nume-D roes painoters'iand lantdrla'bues Oxtntoview ayupifyworad mornin uofdsale,whnzmey caalges a reshid.nei prahe b rn Uppe.anLernco-tered,-h Leasefgh of astownitp IteIside wisth pobssesvrt xcletiJ rater, an gOrea battnin hasceien ad isyc to tedaa Thied pofyperivate 3euntact nthge vauableLet,aSEI odaepith TO3Wfet eSdNb hol at. par grunfen,wt. this desirabe proper ty is hituate inethe poreferabl pf9yartof tesreet, M ndsucontains2 ample aeomi rntdaton yforadiynnum.t extbensivwedstblngdpas.,inu ,therer Maydtibe Terewopo aptiation toteautioreerlZPards'iheat . h it,Goteve, at ToFamiiesDFurIshing Fustrnirtur DBlrs,htand tes.N Hue hoaald Fueebitdran Chiney-olasrs.eand Miscwellanedu Itfemsn. TIO at. theiRN atms 5,a LitteiD ntueiny,o Wednesd2,ay 1,Augusot13 bestad,beds audhedi'n2tbmng, emaholayad 1a-.iaperd,conesf lsawesof marletwopwashundwsuadbresingalybutablee sixdsetkofgoodgmahogany dinin sson'w chtair,tet fof dinsing, beino,L and car tales Crosewo cheffo nier(wthSisndonmarbeto Eandhplate-glassnack,oathogany paideboard,asofas, couespi, easy chaischmneys and prrsincplgtcl,asss Brsihoparid ddrmin,bstermarents, witche clax.varietyofiard.oftheuon imSouMayobe viewede the daty previouso and mowrng ofsale,s whene GLoetteoPltarm. Nen-oad,.WUnderT a oblEX e, ic thetr, n othere.-l.n0 Eeles DandEeonsasIORm nRmauo andooveredntERlICt veLLvebt,bon onone Wingewit ibffnstrcionslfaidwith Jon Mor EL y UTIN and Glss cOiceyon mm ambs, whic wilbefudoocossof w Idistinct breedso Sheep.yi, the ESouthdw n uicoscos torn Er Omm xEntuncsayn itsI great Superiorityis a sufcenl attestedBEL by thewel TIOwN,fct ofn r Moolre's Sok hav'ing fo upwards l,onTu0ensmlaytAn,ned a poition aecsoelyo6 soouhebet in the ingderom, during thc iehe ha0 gind pwrd of twe H00priEs atw theprincipal aricultrabl&sow forheeps exthibited b him.iFull par tedicuar andp caaogube ayd bigeObtaindon mapplcatio to henue fitinne,er.Asndoer tals -yladtie lse.dul a D prHayward's-heath. Souchex.tSaebym order f teMet, -sinede. lofsmll in. s K oGTwiall EL byleo piub n lcawChTIONs; rcLpat.hsEtt SabrbilientRolmt 102,r Westaernra, Brohon.e Borighton hand wihi 20ae mhdinute'rwloof nuytheHuwrde&oo hStaion comanin a etesiv ad Icursqe lewofth Sut Dbn eosedag bou 3500 acres, togeter writh lse Manors of 2pwrth an d etwo.heprperty of ause yI'mmotelt of October next, ItSsS; DRIVER have beeij favoud wit in. M ItaOSfrOm the HONL Charles A, Goes the oceutimissiooerin chacgajRrdE Malestys LAad.ItRerenuuc and muder the saatwrityat th ed Oessl1eioues oftHer Majesty's Tressury.-to offer for SA 1WAUCTION. at the Gourt-heuse; in the town, of Epworth, on Thurs. daky AueostlL a l2forl'precielseyBin lotg, Oertain valuable PRtE& HOU) ETATE8, belosiin toier Majesty. tits gter por4o lnd-tsxredetmed aud tiith freComprising farM honaes aud Wbildings,and about 1,800 a=c.efarable, meadow, and paature land, iran. peri31u haring benwarped, lYingmi tIhe parmohegof Zpworl(,s Hae.and Ioton, in the slWe of Axbolm%e near the important makt twn ofDIocaste and Gaitubori-oglb, and in'the oocupatsea of tenants whose termnawill expire on the lOLIm of October next, when onw,dftInt,eI given to the respective purchasers Thepoerywl Iwdsddit-ots adapted for small investrsenta, Also, the Mumeis of Bpworth and-Weetrood, -withL their fines, quit-rests, shas enbers andI appurtenancos, exteadiac over a lgarg dmsetn - togethrwth the Court-houase in the tow nof"Eplwortl,, exoo)ting. however, all farmns and demnestie lands, which will be dispoed of In seW* rate lots. Priuteda 10u!Xr, 'withl plans, mnay be bc.FJ at tIma mtauaetethe,principmlinnsinthenelmboirhood; Of Johnu Colainaon, Zsq., solicitor, Doncaster; of Josiah Bmrizlhu Faeq solicitor, Elpwcrth; at the office of Her Majest-y's Woods' Ytents, san LiLud ECTCIPu#1, Vitehslle-; Of HOTaCe Wateon. 21s:l.solidler, ffic or ods; , Wh , ipaco Jobn Clutton, ITiq., Grown Rtecetrer, B. hiteball-place; at the Mast: and of Mean. Driver,. surveyors, land agents. and auctioneers. 15, Whilteball. Plark-road and CoMmercial-road, Pock-ham lfew-ton,-..Ftehoild BoLidinig Grounod, land-tax redeemned, in small and eligiLel,ls, with, ESSR. DRVERare i strcep at SB'LL AUCUN, atbeMrt,on Tuswday, Spebr.a Zi lots, somevery eligiblelots of PENaOLD BUILDING L.&ND, landtaxt redeemed deslrOcfly situate in the Park and Cominercalroads, Peckbam New-town, Surrey, contiguous totOhe Old Kent-road, in the mai thoroughfare to Peck-bata and Camberwrell, exceedingly well ada,pted for the erection of dwelling-houses and sfhops or othertinildtng] ptrpoes with corner pDrtions suited as sites for puablio-houee. Im-I meite TOseesOn may he had. Psiinied specifications, withl plans annexed may De had of Messrs Karten,. Thomas, andi HoUsasos, s,i.i eitotw, &mmmclal-c1;;Ze_r Mtociag-lane-, at the publio-hiouaes 'o the neighbourhood; at the Nsut: and of MeeaDrse, uvom land agents, andl auctioneers, 5, Whitehll, rier se1.s manerem and ote, J%p LEREW wVill SELL bY AUCTION, on' the onMonday, August U. at 12, the wel-auorte~ DD yellow, white, and nelod btes, Stran aqdNewport-markedt.oig$0 ee ctLing 8 W00 fee iep-iLe byad5 AU TIN,atth oft.o Thrsasz aigsh , and elm, er uwo eful atock,al dry2cut stumfi lsoads eyanhYrebldoandothop dors bpn onandrartiurdaphir admof ni.omf .sal, ndcataogu.es. bad oneet a the rMises; and of the aucione,CstioneetoCrd1iG;et5 Hmp Hmstead m oad. Freebold.And stt, Stornde oah rutsnd erewportlmarket. Ir.LERErW i SELL by A'UCTION, at, the Mart on hure~y,August 28, at 12, ine two -biot, IA mr, ratshaoI HOSE, 3. uckeba-stret,Strad,cesternlease, at. £25 eranum als a oiey o theFreholrHosttean low, 1r0n Cler'kenweR aMny Ratuewed SSRS. ]BROMLEY ancl SO solicitor EL byr ac tee;A'UtIth Mart; and ofthAuction Mr,o eder,dardinugst 13,etre Hampetead-road.~3,Vie-out,Brad Onpotah t etanhodFoe Propderofthe Trustees undrxthen Willucifgth SSR.LREW wiBO Ll SELLdbyOAUCiION,Eat tY HTUMaT, N a ther Ma~urit, onWdnsay8.m 3 at 12, th epbdt EAE bOLD -ouilt ROUSES and SHOP,. iG. 37chthe business1 of aplmber1 Wendlbeingtro.t; NCarbuoto-stoad, coroner ofreutacest3 er-paceu,Si term 99 yeem eldow round enprd ot sermo 9 rannat toeelow bround rven mof ,andle oesdeeas tos 2Mr. Wh4t,plub, andr n! Vihlyas -lpcthabletenat, a £6 perannu. My beviewd b permisnurn, and theEnston Station,heaucioner Piauofrle by Co erlre ndwD1ade Tae tls and Itatetslof. )rSSRS. RAMLEY and SAVEON wil SELL by J3.LAUCTION',oattheAucetIona on Modnsday. AugustlS =at lo,wingtw lots vat2olua'tie OPho-LD GthROxUDRent o HOSs1L, peaundrn, arising out hofr1ehoues,an otbe matess toeathe-or t,Brosandstreetg, wRhatif e ndlose foresn g20 ea.s Tahesaepcohuessof drareutsl rntst of m38llos.pranydnum, o, aa,heldcofore ears,mat abgroun rout ofa £1a0, anyseeiesrds, Pnhoartic ars banda other laceofsae and of the? Imorantsm Leaseholda Plroperty bUardstonandehorston, ardcnelga£13 Fnehold an I Beannum, MESR. JOHN LO Nd O byt-hl eLLbyee JJ.L AUfCthO ,satte ofart, on1im Walednsdy Aucusto SELZ bt 12,unles prviusl cod Oynpictlcontr.antji st 2lots, EGTusata brik-uit OUSS,bengrVAe, 0 7 3X8,13.M 40.et 4 th ndy re3ot Wbe eazok-otrat, rent Nothrad, Hrom Cton,Z rnal £s3ear aoneenum, vaterl9 yers now groundnW ren Tof£ Swe, pultercannmforeaouise;mt FIempodemn Itneidec, o, u14 the aondty Ann' Norilbelas,nic. men-radteast,a ueen'ebroatd,alletonTl, renthal 20parseooeraanm ond Parofdedento.achedt Itamdues,fo Belford1aund thre sameVillat,uad juiing Brwntlck8-lugiorn losonTew f tsefrad oue Mab JveedHarN olr D adSOf bessreceois,d Sinstuctiowns o an aMrrs soliior SAL oorgbcAUC-TIetOhaN r, ci ty; z RincAmons 17. Cmmperciaul-rad Si Gorgeby eiast, ntd inoela,a impo5rtant AG and CAtM IR ERO n thel SEunt byNoth umelJ.AUCTON rompin thePremiston Wed Nesdi'fay, Augusth3 athe forabl,ithe capitaldpHOuSEHlnD. FTRisD RE,etworeepianoforts,a opicrtures,, i uetmnandohrefcsinsall aboth20 losts ompaynediwedl on hged eornwingo sale, aondycataloies hdon the pihra romisesradcok teo, Pagert axtndtCameron.lan agents ano mlsurdrey l i ent atret anno~ St.o Albes indbradth, Heri i sb, red gno, Olde Broad. Cvril nhall-Te capitalan Fumestuead, illirdtabe ocupaior o labin et iuooteby Cfollr yand Colleard,wh TradeFthenasd and Efect ofhea PorWtironrdftheGearorge and utureTae,r,ndSr, aot.tl MseUsSRley,thAme,andclisboudRdbNhwill e LLMin by~ therstiar onfitheryPfremisers,on Monda. Iaxugutland fhat lsowing days, al fopr Avtenuhoe-rofd the excllet'sHoUS-ExOlD an M,onbdseads Horsebolraunditurer mauott-resss,feated& d n bedding, L bystns dressIong glases rmah.soganycest Eofse drapers cotseomaes-ranyS dihning,woD.on Tcard, yA s 2 and cofero otbe,wll-wmad mahoanysidboads,mahgatny easy ba and other o bec adstueads fthadoer 8-daydialtrs,s afullsi 'dbing agi ige ard.tbeyhuc , anelean 8-e4cest sieoard,with marbletopands omacbooestel Diaren-orworack, o lariige,Turke cand. dBrussl apts ed and otbre-Irg,m ons, chna, glaood phlate plfatedarticl1es, bine,mines, culinary rmmeqolsies, andmnumerou effects,do Muraybviewed thne Stureda previous pandfont thbe morig ofd slen, ahnd atalogus. rn handonte1&breiaennod of%an Mtesrs rage kn Camferon,lands agnt andkr p urvs~eligrans, Odra-tre, and lqtd ties.I, Alban's, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ KntAknf cen-a FreehodResiEncsnidwell-secured LadGeround Rents, o B -erkns. SSStaino h Souh-EKStr Railway.I ae aoue m wtl-inBrucDontoSELONiAs TO antu tedb the Tfrusteeson onTiurzdatyth MArgut 2,onTed.Aurt at 12, in o gros odb seriTal lots, Fr6toRFrEetoua,asbtully-PbVAfEtnRiodernCESlet oNglCespctnabnventenants; aitkrentschdwmy ofr dedo om£3oT60'aye r ln arseetl stvacatedois owunenanted: Two far -yaell-builtdcommgodiousouen, notu wuithsm 1nished:all oith ard eqategarde grounds land: wixthe chleebfutl0scnery,withinatfe mintes' wnal7ko tengamtion; leal, a capitalnestW entrinwell-Stat redi FreRehog ldGond Rents ontaowsam esate,onamounting tso£8 ta, perinannm, Ramlwy rescently housese tof Channonrlow,L testMinster, sondthree ande fof Tw.yJohn Dan-teon lrand agentean Raucioneer,Th situaston,o tandpMrloroog2sh-ch mdhersalth- ansituaeinte cebratedistalley of ail ooin thaprihe of Woxhouder Mandb Dcddngtn, hou 10mile frm Blfod, nd h.e saelln bndistnce from Berwick-npon-Twaed,nde roca 'iij[.ssOsN WEAKSO baa receONSvad instructionet tLLofr for S~bALU y T bIQX UTI, at the Mfr nTusart, inAugust2 (unless prevouly ' psd fb ri-a onrc) onel ldotpan f importan an etdsiruableaPROPfeRTYinthean countya f ort-a umberlanod,og comprising the rFientnceandthobictestbates,dit pothe frmanor orr sepurtedmaor fFnton.e and the la hgr.dleOp.ngoftsueio aple,ureaduow iandpasturfe lad, This property presitaeon an unusua nepntc, ty fa h neal loeaUt, ndith on gfmtel most. cbompat 12acres is arranged esntahte sointhercounty itliesandtherhimber.oandthe re,c moWooleritsbexutentlemoraces aboutEwedoatheeanorhdabatfbyenthe andmsbu6tiopswoo milesu in breadth,andtishdipoedit Thotivofams wliephoesuitalehuseoadomeptat ds,in tha&allerocuatindofbeslyrofpcablloeitenats fro riear of yrbeLard.whonpayltelu andoall-e oider taxsau rues.Theestte iesbeteenth ecpetyo uof th Maruis of atifoel th Erlof an-orile,andSt7Hoa S. APal, etAarl,, Gasrrd, oliitor Oiny, eets to r. osudt, solnticitg or. re Binfleld measuring In the whole 29& 2r. lip., and boundeby Pope8'swood, and other lands of MnsYoung. Thielcta afords excellent.onverfor game, Lo`ll. Thre Closes of land, in the whole 10a. 2r. SSp., situa6te at a abort distance from the forgon los ontheright of the turnpike roadleading from the Golden BlltoL BJc-el n ajiigtands belonping respeTivey to the !frnutee of ShIs:ineld Schl, and iMlklOn5&q. those lots lie on excellent roads, l1~ mile from the rallway staton at Beraclasell, 28 from the staLtion at, Wk-ingham, and within haIfa mileof threobe bikklInx. The Farm atWarlelda(whicais oy bold),kimownLas Hose-endFarm. comprimsesabomestaderec-tedwitinthe lash few yis, and severa closes of land, situate near to Wardield. bal 6ot a mile fros the parish church, bgt miles from Windsor six from Wok-iinbam-and Maidenbead and two from the railwayfelationatBracknell; in the ooeupatlonof Mr. Hensrolwyer, andwillbesold inlots conveient ferthe adjotning0propietoss or for buIldinbg purposes, TotS c omprises the Dwelling-hOuse, soutaing four rom_-~pzlou kitchen, wash-house and-d3r, wihbirn, stabling cowbouse, catsed, and other out-buildings; aud. Tour C'loses of MeWadw and Arable Laud, being i5a, Or. Mpi. lathe whole, situate at Kosa-end, Warfield, adoii to lands ot LsTd abeok-e andW. 0. KIg a.LoS ss-O rbs mearng&r ip oppeatte the Wirfleld-ball .stte,and buddon three kldesiyps(pettyDf W. 0. King, aq.-Lfl10. ACl8oseOf ArabileAnd, oee5;' I . Z sea the church, and boundmed x'el 1h hLs~ ledn and pastly by lands ot -W. C.0Kng, Wq..anId4ps,sm. ing a rodxWfor bLuldiv . Lot 11, A Clove of 'Arabi a '- tetImee16spb, and u .ussgetr J41 bland 1ith fmes g to & roas jt4leaila toy be vebueb.ad aaaind codti of, i sale 6Baiduey. e(7 Wo-tghm P Ebrt, ' oidoa3 she willSZLL byAUCTIOXY1~iV~xsboN to lf,AU~~~ak1 bmid A!t8l.T a veee4~et atth Mat: cfthea.*~esw . siteyu. N Pileemlit Shresin P'5 Thw" OcM:b 5Mv1-Ua?eftld Sale, by order of the Esecuie of the Jams W. B. Gmrne. ~p.PETER BROAD will SELL bj~VCIx P W at the Mart, an Thi i of fve,intisM Mb^yeid mtiddain *TMAXMF TLA2 _ * of~tvltA nearl I pw on*. Pa,ticulwr~ of Mr. Hanrsrd, aoliciter. 10. Cueta~~e 1roebold and Leaeahotil Mda4o-At. the Mat-bnoeSale.-M& direction of the Zzoont05I at the late M.Aeara BradeL - J$VL ETERBROAD will BEL,¶lmy&B a IOWannumn; two biames,Re. 105 and MA .Get uo Elm-sweet and ~~rrs-oot. Gryaim4arrte~xunt . anu;aGeOlDDARoshm. rie. eoigedcut ingtmraos toel L peanUm:Twoifreethol koMar, oposite6 tnd 11,. Grollne Sou Waclwrbrg-oetj-YtbeLyepaaeod Inholdtment.et IMI GDDARD ha received liutrutiona to SELrI AurO,x.the Mart, oppoeite ftye Aiurk on AItm Nba. ,2 aD RESrID-ENCEt, Neesord-Habotstreet, Waioek.lednblug U LOW grosadrent.Pactrarlra may e vieof d Godard 54_, Coe sen-stret city. WI L,1ykACIO.ot W. EE.II, M T hs emiedinstr uctintionsEtL; l!1 ig.ELLby cno-N MN at the art, r onedndaT uged t 1y, Agust IS, a._ LBAn eHOilD RKTERCFWT MAL 4 PeaOhERT-tEe et,MecTlinikrg-. Epicoale CnhoouslaeeL sof ohtn, Clark,f_ i Req., a repeciat4 eat atm-_~ dentm.l p of £thiraus- attdtbelrtioPaermof5 y-e Cars unexpfre 13a, t Ga lw, grooindt re m I 13rdWmts tf 7l peraInu . To-m ) be iewdu di esma oe Mtort. ent-ltrsbeta hebol Mat 'jond ngathMre towna.'s Hyde, deW.re-Ha. htldd x.-Easen lreeand inatructions from the Prmitees on aled todaEM Aug.11, t 1 abont 510b lo0k fireetay. cantdue at ftrh a-odet wobtes Brompon.-ozwlocismachInbe, neDwM icf thapoes dro.;ox tareel: R.sme ades aRK, and EL yUTI tthe aia !ejatr nl0ceo elEj yihandunorCniat rmace to MybevThur1thdaypA2Rtor. ats.. fogre ha, o the prAEmie anda ote auc tionvees Kilburn., 1n No. eehold Epiecessa1dhbeld foruni xpirod emof1 ye,IRat a . HodeT ta rect(ed trmteid Trustee oftionstho rAzt);te odwTil of t the Marompton Thuer, da, Augst8, upard Episcpal Csed, comiogtonse,ithorse, on y veaeamsn, art, barmeit.. drmandethrof hi`at5trkaftia wgatLe Iih lk-ale. ithe comage, Nbo. is' buit o sone itheary dcorte st e is msthcaueuwih malmld-n habin and adeoning ecured wuUith taviwanaloelaDApedfoc; the e treto ofpau nau .Pie Chaticuams anncTndfor ns tflie-- buysere.bu harford. Buldnt-eg rebdLnd,wihfotzeof1 adeoein eah,bdeptow of, 100fet,instdeimlysiufea onathehighwa eclled Lutnstroad.iony -conigutz t XapleHaal SiELL byor ditanteOI of the Eagtxln noonlprecisevrly, neaxltr andrspactable TdREHtoL-bDesTE ronalread inugot upwa aprds of 2 acrestof produte houesinowi loand ituare 3nearx.- ats ao ue amounting to£0eoutper Mannm,My eviewedun bhxay permissio of thex.tenatty and pariolable bad tih Bul 20ace,wte Dart. etr.9. i goes-nn-Semd;antmdeat thesacioenceersofcs 1 at A et.BomFbRED-e COe. sisrutdt SL y BroPAtUn,-Iesathls n the Gzt onodnil of the Brompton uge Crinee aMig .teof culivaton SnerLLtedby a ueamO o atr athe PEe- beni and Hrs allonte. Theomepteoe, on Thuoday. sAures 14,rlat I ao p1 ichuequ aekl'ikoe, l3optdonk watodhead forunaenpire wterm ofn5i CharitydgathensGstdwin o . The romptlonarrir,bstabtilsherupa-b s hom:esedand teGowllof laborr oatuable~a Mik-calk,enth rctage to. 7,I wmzl whhole e,seesi h6ufree6oe (o,ndinedin alftediruensiolsm2 1e fowls ae;tls the rdeeihofwitahouhe farnd Coahch-thoue proneTole,miswe, Bromton.eatea eidesent Aoach2plerannmeach, My bteeu theToddbe day g,-wel hek e,and,wsttor puritedrparticularshandeof B Kemp, Valuab4,. Frenehltdsre,Cvn-dn and T1h5eeMtt, 5com's, X3Lacre,omtngtheB3llankids Lorss Tacnand aa-pt thel; acotaioning thaether 2e0a.-2ree9ilsof ld! Buldnand..ihfr-Bbor. .and~ aome .thea?dtr In,lhalsn ooenl arrneeda, etaugust 19dg, at 6 faourT inth cottage.The land iesxycempagl, I elble Platerd oanFree excelle.ntrods.gLand witho fnisc apofa15heetdah by dnoraepth 100venet,f teetdsirb L ituateA Fontehigwylald Luta" ofn-robd. Laud. builth 3psaortludd of the eetate,tandhoadea in laocnaits roken har rqIenalopHrsbet'sngnnadvsatagnie 3uaorpo2tuit S. Ah LartsaneholdoZbig, own Liandmordi aotamdeate ngouta.2rMaybeo vexedluntlantgthezsl. wrinte od prticldrso with plans.meayhed obtaeInted arigen the hroruto. thesae; am h lc nof saleo otheprincia inn in Wetherohok. rhood4 ofb.rick-llbuilt soliaci. Daniteorde W.llalto, Esthe solictitors, SofM. Wukeaoy Lno'sr. BroobL znedciculsandi Sfn,tbosers St. Mmar.. shYeoabtaonosr Beraley, ent. alcfo oM.BnelW1 olct% e- gentlemaf-n's mouderat ansden tee. cinem Hish-strCOXtisndLsttuetedtto SELL b_ 1 F~UTO.at ethe Mar,London,ebl otEl2thol Agut,nt a elhfu STATE GOf20acEsNo arbe atr,and woNod land.ve in- a stgheruti of sutivatieintrSAectdbypu AUOTremOf wate, and sAostioningrt 'extniem comnsigatem ovneribout. 2o20 Sacme,now Aboust tovmbeclsoedtatendal,ottd heres4idncbvbe,ofBmdrtesLn,-enle ovctlook hasemle goodgarens acbing, of, athereuryinh aefo asubstantia farm-hube hadEomesteadt, andw labdourer' cottages: alletin wieleth repaIr. T7peao arhblehandps bee nadlo 16n toethre, andimeintage postatoofsmalt betiowllng tahe farbulease ifLesred on an coachiv ples nheadiy aretnwlem thel aterbdhe-wmust anpovdftwsSatiour ute p,tclr andarTe cnnit coner drtensfct Thle pocurabl of Messrgob. Ei'lean and Whitma l.odge,toars, Ialuable Freholdian maueaseholdsiqts.a Itlem rgean Sasd- fortd, eaiOgth -B . ndW F gSm. aTthe apitreHoel cofor Biggdesiay, Ags 20d atherSa(insta fAgs ,a eoo sttd,bydrcion L ofth Eerstocrat o he lte C 1.T Waddisla Excels- £~prilng he Backbrd'sLeyrand par-pit arms,dcontaiin- stee, al convnIenlybrang-tet, Beentracelog.- andlabhoem'aiF cottae, Th landlies erydcespet, i ell -wte.nwred, ad hat. oelon rods.Thehouse tshapproached by announacenthat on th norh sie ofthe arstnionrtoad knmi owna pbroi e icr.TlongorHn-st'jl'ioe, Lontainin . on, Tp.uLot Au.1 Latehold oe-- tate, atmiteoe ctalndingi3sfj,of exehelmengandWoretse withuatoe rei dn and-rromeste, Aifuyatre in Rthent's-parkth in tsanigrds fent arenow n tr ofdlem atiodo abtt.i upontbhoe Lot 4.A Freehl.do bhri-built Oollaexten itlmnesive la& Thie, ponttoe of theprto. opar.y is row laselLPitd particuelarstb an furatherm informaetio cfroe.m ,1caldalenb18d6, Oxford;anua ofnt ofM2. WAlker Gat,e and pore slctors,n bt m cing's-road,Grllsinn, London andof lnthe autonedecrs, 8,, High-street. nadLittlecate. Oxford Waadstrenh,= ,ladjoninFGreetot Getatgren. MESSS. BOU will BnELSO byv A eceIved at; j!ksrerona on oFeridar SAuEbpb l9oat 1Olaoomac atideAuc-. abolMrt FREEmaOns' ETATE., kanterbury onhm Satuday,wit rogsstI ae, ligibly siatu,narthe cn hurch,ingth vioagd fom Walng.woKent, Toithi ane venoi'tesot erb eI: o tciyfainuy he estate don.it ofwa Salsorb-t fwiisdsarm-hbouse,wexcellent farap-buidng ,ardeubstorchardebarn yarld,stck-ard,B axeand WU0_ a dfbectae ogetain) ithlab r.ln . ooih aoble. and pasturceinnd o:ulyngitgete, and herinthgo sat of4 Rkclta-. timeon, the ah-oulelg arc naaetniescl,temaenwy huitifer he eetappovdlahl andr o ae-vryt conenientw in teveor-m repect,oo Thr. consist or ahaseoan sten iU ter,macinae led the loc lodes,o o sthenm-oi maureb :soa shed,liI manur ctane, ih argen aset. housea, fol-oue, ploggeres baUdnnd.othruldngs TheJ apfratnaie on .-M neet,eadwtth coilisoe to a of dei-rates character Thremian culiree.1 lant aupl oface watner onop the preises cesontann maybeoht on sette. mP!eat of,pmetif required.-horme fuarthrpticnlazro yend- coni tidsobf salhe an lyuto .C enor. emisatb,soicmitor,4 e G ey-ignbooaIL Lodo;toMses Freyad a,boictrs, Aesunhfotd; afeers Foleyrand Ca paiy soli totrs,eCanerbury; or tothedailcuacrad Cumberlandmartet, Alany-stee,keeL&n,atogetaL-Vsaboute2 Lasre. proUcin £21 perannu-me, anrnd eseod Poety o ene tiaodrnbultvllFOXece consthe hnougra toM annouc stJaf receiveoms ad instrucletion toe sutbmit to^pbi OPT TION.atLthresepuctonMct ondmone onwTauredar. Aug14 tW;6oc~ciervy,tono ,IjvaubeLAE.jrdcn anicm jjd- Caa.7uponwhctlema&zexDomusvd whorfae.&ths portion of the pro. pentylaaewleaed to r Feli _Booth,( Hat.IZ for a te u o hneas,, an tnenareminenec cozannandina o!xtmsve andbeautLfal ew ItisaPProschadbyzearriagedrive,an lgpvinci, surrunded hi which gradually desceds from the houm~ se - eao bld and Le stae CMPrsm ithtwodetbedskuddedwith oak timber., and 0i%ouet=atecmpras wthedtswoetromho cottage and gardeansar aroatabnt23crs. ThdisaucefrutheGodotonle Station on the South-Easter PRaiWAy in aboDut 3i miles, ando from the vilLee of ox.~ ted about limUie. Pastieult6%s with plans, maybebad 34 days bemo, the sale; upon the pterniass; at Gacrwarsa - of Mes. DrosoincedsW Robinsen, and Till, sliocitors,Cedo ofiilin em,Xq. Soictr,1, AOeln'-finSem.s - and of HMeses laAke, Croydor,.- lab Of ]MY.-In Chney 90ckn .Utun,"P.satt Decee f te CurtofChanoery.- -1 1 JV GEORG LEGGE, ~wl SELL by p1bif i H,lt AC0 at the lamb inn, in Ely, on Thursday, Ax4gust; Ed atSi thzfternoon in three lots, an ESaTE. contining uipwav" Of 64 acres of lea land, situat in Mli lin n h anltc Stuntnsy. near the ciyoMM-.Teett sFen inthre atlen oeim with Ahosnestsd rpmn cads, c0On 5Oet= ce55 of, asseus 32 alcre cMopkhld of the manor of mm w n aotIl a5a leeduneraeas pated by the Dean &andCXI=ger f Mly, -azksi SIMMInVt ;rA 14e 4. INS annum, which wuaseireontthew Oc*e, d -vUv~ a, mserystle I At Ammar raene,rUI peess from the ieoe, 15 Lot I. MTe Qin ka, IcOWPaile Of jlIt. John Masab, conteinag ns Wr li%%, 1 12a 3tP. 6 & iah the brick and tila hari-bouze, buam, sals theUreon (Isseboi); el6a. ftn 3Sp,,frebl -Liba.ir. Mr c Dlp.,sug a r O. 'l. SM the msetsnstl thwerecsena) ndll.& 1 m!,bedof athe mor of HM et*Yo an ar, i I Oecapk#Mti ofMr.'la. T sMD4q'.JW a njlstebsko tesMe,.s as 365 Or Sj, ith theIsm~-hes n estllims UGWlnes witih pis fth Mbl,rnbe hadj o tevaW ssMenes ~wi,1a P ah,75~hs,oMums, otwkm~ ~~~iii
