DEATES. 0,a Sundlay miorning, the ist inst., the Lady Elizabeth HerTey, eldest danghter of the Earl Jermyn, M.P. Oa the 22f of Stfarch, at Shanghai, Henry Shearans, Eaq., aftera few days' illness, in his 54th yeann Oni the l0th of April, at Calcutta, in his 27th Year, Thomas Barber Johnson, eldest son of Mr. Thomas Johnson, of Norbury-hill, Norwood, and 39, Gracechurch-street. Ont the 17th of April, at Colombo. of dysentery, Miss Annie Cohen. yomugest sister of William Cohen, Esq., Ceylon, and of the Rev. James Cohen, Holloway, London. On the 16th ult., in the city of H7amilton, Canada West. France3 Ann. the wrife of lHenry Spencer rapps, Esq., formerly of Kingstonnposi.Thamen and Kenmington, and daughter of the late Alexander Forbel, Esq., of Upper Woburn-place, aged 52. On the 20th ult., at Chorlton-upon-Medlock, hlanchester, WiliUam Medcalf, aged 70. Or the 22d tilt., of brain fever, at Itathurlee, the seat of his brotherin-law, P. Serle. Esq., Samuel Ashton Yate Benyon, Esq., 63ldBegt., eldest Eon of S. Y. Benyon. Esq.. Stetchworth-park. Newmarket. On the 24th alt., at ExeterMrs. Thomson,wife of Dr. Wm. Thomson, late of Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 29th alt, at Brighton, Edward FuUler, Esq., late of Carlton Hall, in Suffolk, aged 75. On the 29th ult., at 20, Cecil-street, Strand, suddenly, hr. John Barton Griffiths. aged 66. On the 30th ult., at Cheltenham, Caroline. the youngest daaghter of the late John Neale, Esq., of Willowyards, North Britain, aged 63 On tha 30th ult., at Guernsey, Isabella Vardon. wife of John Bonamy. Esq., in her 64th year, sincerely regretted by her family and friends. On the 3lst ult. a Faversham, I;ent, Anne Masters, wife of William Griffin. &eq.. agei 73. On the 31st Ult., at Spratton. Northamptonshire, hfr. ThomasWright Bosworth, in the ilst year of his age. On the 31st ult., suddenly, Elizabeth, aged 23. youngest daughter ot Samuel Xix, Esq., of Trinity-Equare, Southwark. On the 31st ult., at Barmsley, 2M1ary, relict of Ur. Jeremiah Carter, of 65, Basinghall-street. in her 71st year. On the 3lst nlt.. Mlr. Samuiel Stockford, aged 43, for 19 Years the confidential clerk to Mlessr. Jamieson, Brothers, and Co., of Great 17mchester-street. On the 31st ult.. in Sloane-street. Chelsea, in his nst year, George Bagze, Esq.. Captain RN., Magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant for the ,ounty of Mltd.dtesex. On the Ist inst., aged 31 months, Charles, son of WNiliam Klein, Esq., of Earlswood. On Sunday, the Ist inst., at Highgate, Martha Jane, only daughter of the late Rev. James Hooper, of East Lyilord, Smuersetehie On the Ist inst., at Piers Court, Anne, eldest daughter of the late Rev. Rd. HuntIey. of BorweU Court, Gloce3tershire. On the Ist inst, at his residence, 3 Sisters'-place, Church-street, Stoke Newington, deeply regretted by a numerous circle of friends, Mr. George Manton, wholesale teadealer, of S, Eastecheap, city. On the 2d last., at Lavender-hill, Wandsworth, in the meek and certain hope of a blessLd resurrection, aged 17, Beatrice Anne, eldest child of the Rev. Henry Ward, hLA., preacher at the Magdalen. On the 2d inst., Sarah Ann, aged 40, the beloved wife of ir. J. E. Fish, Albion-place, Hackney, and In-teUler' ofaice, Bank of England. On the 2d inst.. at 1TI, Union-street, Southwark, after a few hours' illness, Richard Marshall, the beloved child of Joha Buck Stedman Eurgeon. in the 5th year of his age. On the 2d last., at 12_ Chepstow Villas West, Jane, the wife of Thomas Eykyn, Eon,, azed 27. OnL M'onday, the 24d inst., of rapid consumption, Mrx. Richd, Capel Iambe, of 96, Gracechurch-street, in the 50th year of his age. On the 3d inst., at Lee-park, Blackheath, Helen Lees, child of C. W. Ebo-all, Esq., in her 5th year. On the 3d inst., Sarah Ann, wife of Mlr. John Bilinghurst, of Holland-road, Brixton.
PARLIAMENTABY INTELLIGENCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, TUZSDAY, JUiiz 3. The lok) CHA.CXRLLOR took his seat on the woolsek at 5 o'clock. The Joint-Stock Companies Bill and Sir W. P. Williams' Annuities BiU were brought from the Commons and read a first time. Petitions were presented by the Duke of BuOcLEucHfrom the Presbytery of Hamilton and from other bodies against the wee pawns system in Scotland. APPELLATE JURISDICTION OF THE HOUSE OF LODRDS. On the order of the day for going into committee on this bill, Lord CAMPBELL wished to correct an inaccuracy, which had appeared in a journal having a very large circulation, in the report of what had fallen from him with regard to this subject on a previous occasion. He had been represented as saying that he viewed the bin with admiration. Now, he certainly did not do so, for there was really in it nit admirari. The binl went to remedy certain grievances, and on that account he approved it without regarding it with admiration. The Earl of ABERDEEN.-Before going into committee on this binl I wish to address a few words to your lordships, not with regard to what is contained in it, but rather having reference to what is omitted from it. The noble earl who moved for the committee upon the report of which this billis founded advanced, amongother reasons whyyourlordships should agree to the appointment of that committee, the manner in which the jurisdiction of this House is exercised with regard to appeals from Scotland, and he stated that it was at present most unsatisfactory. Now, the noble earl was amplyjustified in maldng that statement, and he in aU probability expected that that state of things would be remedied. But what is the state of the case ? Why, in the present biU there is no reference to appeals from Scotland, nor is there any attempt whatever to deal with the grievance so properly referred to by the noble earL It is true, my lords, that in the report of the committee there is a reference made to the case of appeals from Scotland, but that expression of opinion is not a satisfactory-perhaps sca-cely an honest one. The report states that the com nmittee have paid great attention to the important evidence laid before then on the subject of appeals from Scotland, and it states that some witnesses recommended the introduction of a Scotch judge into your lordships' House, while other witnesses were opposed to that recommendation; but although the bar of Scotland and the writers to the signet were in favour of that suggestion, the report goes on to say that, on the whole, the committee consider it better that no fixed and invariable rule should bo adopted on this subject. Now, I confess I do not know what is meant by that expression. Does it mean that matters are to remain as they have been for 150 years, or does it mean that that there is a prospect Of a change? Several witnesses, my lords, and particularly the Lord Justice-GeneraL the Lord Advocate, the Dean of the Faculty, and many of the bar of Scotland were in favour of the introduction of a Scotch judge into your lordships' hous_; but, for my own part, I think that that would be an entirely inadequate remedy. It might obviate some eviLs, but it would, I think, be attended with others quite as important as those for which it provided a remedy. I have often expressed the opinion, and I still adhere to it, that the only way to fully remedy the existing evil would be to remove all Scotch appeal5 from the jurisdiction of your lordships' House, and to establish a court of final appeal in Scotland, composed of persons of great weight and authority. This, I am aware, my lords, may appear to be a somewhat revolutionary suggestion; and I know very well that the opinion very generally prev-ails in this house, and perhaps, also, out of it, that your lordships' weight, influence, and authority in the constitution very much depend upon the preservation of the appeUate jurisdiction of your lordships' House as at present exercised. I confess that, as regards myself, I look at that opinion with considerable doubt, for I believe this House to be quite as much respected in its political character as in its judicial capacity. It is all very well for noble lords to compliment each other and to flatter theniselves that every - thing is going on well, but allow we to say that, while that is going on, it is just possible that there may be just grounds for complaint on the part of the profession and on the part of the appellants. What I wish particularly to refer to at present is the appellate jurisdiction of your lordships' Iouse as regards Scotland. WVe have been told, upon very high authority, that the assumption of an appellIte jurisdiction at all by this House was altogether an act o' usurpation, and, whether that be so or not as regards England. it most unquestionably is the case as regards Scotlan . It is a remarkable fact that in the Act of Union with Scotland no mention wvhatever is made of any appeal to your lordships' House. The 10th article of the Act of Union expressly stipulates that ail the judicature of Scotland shall be preserved entire, that no sentence of the Court of Session shall be subject to be revievwed by the Court of Chancery, or the Court of Queen's Bench, or by any of the Courts of Westminster, and not one word is said of an appeal to Parliament, still less to their lordships' House. He knew that by the Scotch claim of right it was the undoubted privilege of the subject to protest for a remied of law to the lKing and Parliament against the sentence of the Court of Session, provid;ed that the e-xecution of that sentence was not meanwhile stayed; but it has been laid down over and over again by Lord Stair-a very high authority and a person by no means likey to do anything to abrdge the privilege of the Crown-that the protest thus allowed was only a protest in cases in which the Court of Session had exceeded its legitinate power and authority. Others maintain the same opinion, but it is not at all clear what is the precise meaning of the phrase "protest for remeid of law f} and in the 20 years which elapsed from the Revolution to the Union the people of Scotland appear to have been satisfied with having asserted their right, for during that period only six protests were presented to Parliament. I admit tlat in such a state of things it does seem extraordinary that the people of Scotland should have submitted to an appeal to a tribunal perfectly foreign and wholly ignorant of the law which it was called upon to administer. I can account for it only by a reference to the state of the country at that period. Although the Scotch judges have been always learned, and I eff not say ever corrupt, yet there is no doubt that at the time of the Union political influences and the influence of powerful families were not without their weiglt. I doubt much tvhether the Duke of Hamilton or the Duke of Argyll in those days would stand on precisely the same level with his fellow-subjects as he does at the present moment. It is possible, therefore, that, the people of Scotland may have sub)mitted at first without reluctance to an appeal to another tribunal, how-ever strangely constituted. For your lordships will remember that although there is a doubt as to the precise meaning of the term " protest for renieid of law," yet the tribunal to which sueh protests were made was very differently constituted from the British House of Lords. The Lords and Conmnons sat together in the same chamber; the judges of the Court of Session were present on thebenchassignedto them in front of the throne; they heard the appeals, and many of them-were, in fact, members of the assembly. At least, therefore, the appeal was made to a tribuinal that thoroughly understood the subject with which it had to deal. What is the case now ? It is true that we have had some most eminent men in this house who have devoted much of their time and attention to Scotch law. Lords Hardwicke, Mansfield, and Eldon were no doubt able to discharge efficiently all the duties that were expected from them. It is said, indeed, that they improved the Scotch law. Upon that point there may be some doubt, but, admitting it to be so, I submit that that is not the way in which the law of any country ought to be mproved. I have no desire to see judge-made law, even by suc men as Lords Mansfield and Eldon. H the law is tobe improved let it be done by the Legislature, and not by the decisions of a judge. Yet it is scarcely possible that it should be otherwise, for, although the noble and learned lords who have presided in this house have most conscientiously endeavoured to apply the Scotch law to the causes brought before them, they must necessarily have failed to do so on many occasions. Lord Mansfield, when he sat to administer Scotch law, fancied himself a judge of the Court of Session, and tried to decide as if he were so. That, no doubt, was a most laudable desire, and one which has been shared by every noble and learned lord who has exercised the same jurisdiction; but still it has happened that, when English lawyers have been called upon to deal in this house with a law of which they are not only comparatively ignorant, but which theyare inthejhabit of undervaluing as compared with their own perfection of human reason, they have thought that if they didnot administer Scotch lawthey were, at all events, prettysureof giVing somethiagiwfinitely better. (A laugh.) But that is not the mode in which I think Justice ought to be administered to the pceople of Scotland. I recollect hearing in this house, 30 years ago, a noble and learned lord who had sat on the woolsack declar- an tat e vas asp'rofonndly ignorant of Scotch lawf as if e had been a native of Mexico. That declaration of Lord Erskine was, no doubt, very frank, but not quite so prudent as might have been desired from a person in his situation. St it was the truth, and I do not think we should find fault with him for making it. The noble and learned lords in this house are extremely ingenious, and may have, very likely, no great difficulty in making "the worse appear the betterreason," butIthink lmay def them to prove that it can be desirable that a noble and Tearned lord who may decide alone the most important causes which can be brought before him shouldbe in a condition tomake such a declaration as that to which I have adverted. (Hear, hear.) Yet I heard it myself, and I think it speaks volumes for the truth and weight of the objections which I am now taking to the present system of deciding Scotch appeals in the court of last resort. The inevitable consequence of the uncertainty which surrounds the decisions of this House in Scotch causesis, of course, the multiplication of appeals. The appeal is made not to the wisdom of the House, but to its ignorance. Ve aro told by the witnesses who were examined before the committee that, in bringing his appeal to the House of Lords, the appellant considers how far it is likely to be decided by the English law. The Lord-Advocate says that the appeal to this cure is regarded as a lottery, and the evidence of the Lord Justice General and the Dean of Faculty is pretty much to the same effect. Such bein- the case, howv is it possible to expect that any satisfaction can be given either to the profession or to the public? The intro. dubtion of a Scotch judge would, in my opinion, be but a very imperfect remedy. It -would be opEa to many serious objections, and the only radical cure for the evils of which I havo complained is the removal of the appellate jurisdiction to Scotland. (Besr, hear.) Way, more, notwithstanding the opinion w1gl.sb I know is very generally entertained among your lordships that the preservation of your appellate urisdiction is essential to the dignity and character of the House, I am no) sure that it might not be remoyed in all cases, whether English, Scotch, or Irisb, with advantage to the public and v,ithout detriment to the House itself. (Hear, hear.) But I know that is not an opinion shared by many of youar lordships, andl must admit alo that in Scotland the sentiments which I have expressed are not generaLy entertained. (Hear.) I believe, however, that the time wiU come when the evils of the present system will be more strongly felt; and certain I am, at all events, that the bil which you are now passig will not tend to diminish the objections I have stated as far as Scotland is concerned; but, on the contrary, will strengthen and increase them. The opinions which I have expressed have by nomeans been recentlytakeb up. I have entertained them for very many years, and, in fact, talk as you will, I appeal to the common sense or your lordships whether the hearing of Scotch appeals in this house is not objectionable. I have heard Lord Eldon say a dozen times that it was a wonder to him that so sensible a people as the Scotch should ever submit to such a monstrous practice as that of bringing their causes tobe heard in the House of Lords. Lord Liverpool, many years ago, told me that he entirely concurredin theopinionswhichl havenowexpreased, but that, unfortunately, the people of Scotland thought otherwise, and he therefore could do nothing. UJpon the present occasion I will content myself with recording my sentiments on the subject; but I cannot conclude without expressing my conviction that, whether I may live to see it or not, the time will come when Scotch appeals will be banshed from this house, and it will require the best care and attention of your lordships to preserve your English jurisdiction. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of DERBY.-As the noble earl referred to mo in the course of his speech, I may be permitted to say a few words in reply to the charges he has brought against the report of a committee of which I was a member, and which owed its existence to a motion which I had the honour to submit to your lordships. I will not follow the noble earl into those antiquarian discussions in which he has indulged as to the original mode in which Scotch appeals were transferred to the Parliament of the united kingdom. I do not intend to consider the reasons why at that time there might be very good grounds for preferring the decision of any tribunal, even a foreign one, to that of the Court of Session in Scotland. I will not wound the Scotch feelings of the noble earl by entering upon the reasons. I am not disposed to lay the same stress as he did on the usages of 150 years ago, though it is not difficult to understand that at the period referred to any foreign tribunal would be preferable to the local tribunals then existing in Scotland. The noble earl stated to your lordships that a very small portion-he might have said an infinitesimally small portion-of the people of Scotland would be disposed to abandon that which they believed to be a valuable boon bestowed upon them,-viz., the appellate jurisdiction of your lordships' House. The noble earl objected to that jurisdiction in Scotch cases, yet admits that the sensible people of Scotland are, on the whole, satisfied with the arrangement. For 30 years the noble earl hasheld his own pecular views on this subject. In the committee ho frankly gave expression to those views, and there as, I beeUeve, in this house he found that he stood alone in holding tbem. I will not, therefore, enter into a discussion of the circumstances attending the transfer of the appellate jurisdiction in Scotch cases to the British Parliament. My object in rising is simply to notice the allegations with which the noble earl commenced his speech, and to express my regret that, after the full discuston we had in committee, he should have been induced to intrude one of the most difricult and delicate questions involved in the subject of the appellate jurisdiction into the consideration of the bill now before the House. (Hear, hear.) Hle says that, in introducing the motion for a committee, I founded my argument for that motion on the fact that there was no Scotch judge holding a seat in this house aud forming part of the appeLlate tribunal. The noble earl, before he could have made such a statement, must have entirely misunderstood my statement. I only stated thatas one of certain objections which I had heard taken to the appellate jurisdiction, on none of which did I give any opinion. I asked your lordships to appoint a committee to inquire into the nature of those objections, so that if they werc well founded measures might be taken to provide a iemnedy, but I carefully abstained from coiimitting myselfto ny of those objections; and though I did say, and say now, that theoretically it does appear extraordinary that Scotch appeals should be heard by a tribunal not necessarily containing any Scotch law,yers, or any peer familiar w,ith the law of the Scotland, yet I did not say that that of itself would be sufficient to necessitate an alteration in the appellate jurisdiction of this House. (Hear, hear.) Now, the committee went very fullv and faithfully through all the objections that were offered to the existing system, and, I must say, I never attended a committee of your lordships' House in which there was manifested so stroag adesire to arrive at a sound conclusion-at such a conclusion as would relieve the Government and Parliament and the Crown from very considerable embarrassment, and which iuight lead to an important amendsnent in the appellate jurisdiction of the House. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the necessary introduction of a Scotch judge as one of the supreme tribunal, though there was a very strong opinion on that point by lawyers more especially connected with Edinburgh -the wmiters to the signet-yet there was considerable difference of opinion both on the part of the witnesses who were produced and their representatives of the state of feeling in other parts of Scotland, besides Edinburgh. (Hear, hear.) But, supposing his own scheme of taking tho appellate jurisdiction out of your lordships' Douse to be set aside, I am at a loss to understand what is the object of the noble earl, for he first protested against the necessity of having Scotch cases brought under tbe jurisdiction.of this House, and yet he has been staniding up for his country's Ights and asserting the claim of Scotch lawyers to a seat in the appellate jurisdiction of the House. (" No, no," from the Earl of Aberdeen.) That was the ground on which the noble earl made a charge against me. lie said I had made the exclusion of a Scotch lawyer from the appellste jurisdiction the main ground on which I sought the appointment of the committee, and yet he says, when this bill comes before your lordships' House, that it does not contain one single word as to the admission of a Scotch judge; he says it is notosio-is to every one that there exists a necessity for introducing a Scotch lawyer, and this he urges as a complaint against iue, that the committee has said nothing on the subject, and that these is not iiusei ted in the bill a provision for that purpose. But I say that the question does not rest on the vague and indefinite grounds stated by the noble earl. He does not deny that in the report of the committee there is a reference made to the subject. It is there stated that very different views were held upon the question in the abstract by different parties, and that the committee declined to fetter the decisions of the Crown and your lordships' House by layarg down a positive and invariable rule that one of the two judges who ought to be admitted to your lordships' House with all the privileges of peers of Parliament, and with salaries attached to their office, should be necessarily taken from the judicial bench in Scotland. (Hear, hear.) There might be reasons why it would be inexpedient and improper to do so, and why in Scotland itself itmnieht be undesirable. It might be that among the legal members of your lordships' House there would be men already familiar with the law of Scotland, and well qualified to act as judges in Scotch appeals. It might be also that the state of the Scotch bench would be such as to make the removal of leading members of the Scotch bench injurious, and that you might inflict greater evil by weakening the supreme tribunal in Scotland than would be counterbalanced by aily strengthening of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords. But while the bill does not provide for necessarily placing a Scotch judge in the court of appellate jurisdiction, it expressly pro. vides that twormembers of that tribunal shallbepersons who have filled some high judicial offices for a considerable space of time, and in this provision the judges of Scotland are placed precisely in the same nosition as the judges in other parts of the kingdom. I think that the committee in making that recommendation exercised a sound discretion. If it should be necessary, from the circumstances of any particular time, that one of the judges selected to exercise the appellate jurisdiction should be taken from the Cowir of Session in Scotland, then the bill recognizes the claim of Scotland and the Scotch judges, as persons every way eligible for the office, though it abstains from saymg that, necessarily, any of the judges should come fromi Scotland. This puts in a stronger light than before the admissibility of the Scottish judges, and it is an arrangement which I think will be generaUy satisfactory; though, of course, no proposition that could be made would give perfect satisfaction to everybody, while it is one that will tend considerably to improve the appellate jurisdiction of this House. It will give a better chance of having a person with a knowledge of Scotch lawon the tribunal than before - and I must say the objection to the bill comes with a bad grace from the noble earl, who was himself a member of the committee, and who has had ample opportunities of ascertaining that his opinions are not shared in by any considerable number either of the committee or of your lordships' House, and who objects to the measure because it does not abrogate the appellate jurisdiction in Scotch cases, and does not insist on a Scotch judge being necessarily a member of that court of appellate jurisdiction. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of ABERDEEN had never meant to say that the committee should have recommended that a Scotch judge should form part of the tribunal. He said that the administration of the law in Scotch cases by that House was unsatisfactory, and he further said that the anpointment of a Scotch judge had been recommended by parties in Scotland, but that he saw objections to that proposal. What he recommended was the entire removal of Scotch appeals from the jurisdiction of that House. Lord St. LEONTARD'S observed that the noble earl who began that discussion took it for granted that the law lords were wholly ignrant of Scotch law, and illustrated his assertion by referring to a conversation he had had with a noble lord once the occupant of the woolsack, who said that he knew as much of Scotch law ashe did of tho law of llexico. That noble and learned lord was a Scotchinan, and, having to decide on the most important rights of his fellow-subjects, ought to have known something of the laws cf his ow: country. (Hear, hear.) But he (Lord St. Leonard's) was prepared, from his own observation, utterly to deny the statement of tne noble earl. All those who had had to administer the Scotch law in that house within his experience possessed it might not be a purfect and intimate acquaintanee with every portion of tlbat law, but an adequate knowledge of its nature and princ' ples. No man could hope to rise to the woolsack who hWd not made himself master of Scotch law; for emineuc' at the bar could not be attained without considerable employment in Scotch cases. An English counsel pitted against Scottis'l advocatet of the greatest learning and Vjility coul.d have no chance of success, unless previously grounded In Scotch law and therefore the first thing done by a man intending to practice at their lordships' bar was to acqnare a com. petent fmiliarity with this branch of jurisprudence. Scotch law agents were fully aware of the pains and atudy bestowed on this object by English barrsters, and there. fore they unhesitatingly retained them as advocates. Having had to administer the Scotch law hinmelf, he (Lord St. Leonard's)should feel mortified if the animanversions of the nobIe earl applied to him personally; and therefor after the remarks that had been made, perhaps he might be allowed to say that he had had great pracice as an a-ivocate in Scotch suits at that bar, and was once requested by a respectable agent to undertake Scotch appeals geners!;ywhena promise wasmadetohimthat he should hve abrief in every case of that description. (Hear, hear.) ScotcUDIs must supposed to know their own interests; and thehr readiness to intrust them to English advocates was some proof that they did not think those interests were likely to suffer in such hands. (Hear.) Mforeover, when a law lord was elevated to the woolsack he was not plunged aUl at once into the intricacies of Scotch law without assitance. The questions in dispute had all been sifted before they came up for argument on appeal; and afteranexaminationofauthorities a legal member of that House was aalfiied to give a decision calculated to afford as much public satisfaction as a judgment pronounced by any Scotch judge, however distingtuished. The observations of the noble earl had an inevitable tendency-however remote it might be from his intention-to disgust the Scotch people with the jurisdiction of that House, and to render them discontented with the tribunals to which they must resort. The public feeling on the other side of the Tweed was, however, m favour of the retention of this appellate jurisdiction. It was idle now to inquire whether that House, at the time of the union with Scotland, rightfully obtained and exercised the power of hearing these appeals. Than that no point could be clearer; it had been recoanized over and over again in acts of Parliament, and tne incontrovertible inference from the section of the Act of Union quoted by the noble earl, providing that no court in Westminster-hall should have any jurisdiction over the Scotch courts, was that the authority possessed by that House over English anpeals shouldextend toappeals from Scotland. (Hear.) Every writer on Scotch law acknowledged that when that House took possession of its inherent right on the passing of the Union benefit, not detriment, accrued to Scotland, the people of which eagerly appealed to that 11ouse to review tho decisions of their own courts, in which they could not place reliance. Before sitting dowu he wished to say that he should be th& ast person to offer asngle word in disparagement of Scotch lawyers; and if he opposed the introductionof a Scotch judge into that house, it wras not from any distrust of twhe ability of such an individual, but from a belief that the amount of his practice would be so hunited as to lend to his judgments no greater weight than attached to the decisions of the courts which he would be called upon to overrule. (HIear, hear.) The Duke of ARGYLIt while he did not put the same construction on the speech of the noble earl (LordAberdeen) as the noble earl opposite had done, was yet afraid that that speech might, contrary to theintention of its author, have a somewhat damaging effect upon this bill. Undoubtedly several of the witnesses examined before the select committee strongly recommended that one of the Scotch judges should be constantly present in that house, but after mature deliberation, the universal opinion in the committee was, that that was not a remedy capable of adoption. It was felt that if the appellate jnrisdiction were maintained -an alternative in favour of which the Scotch witnesses spoke very decidedly-it would lie hardly consistent to dictate to the Crown that it should invariably exercise its prerogative in favour of a Scotch lawyer. This bill was virtually a compromise; it was unanimously recommended by the members of the select committee, the consequence of which was that it was not canvassed and opposed like other measures. Considerable misapprehension of its provisions, therefore, prevailed out of doors. The noble earl (Lord Aberdeen) did not suggest any alteration in the bill as agreed upon by the committee. He made an entirely distinct and independent proposition-viz., thata new tribunal should be erected in Scotland, from which country no further appeals should be brought to England. But not a single witness examined supported that project. On the contrary, the whole of the testimony collected concurred mn emphaticaly declaring that the abolition of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords i Scotch cases would be a most unpopular measure. The speech of his noble friend below him had no reference to this bill and was not intended to damage it; but the noble earls remarks applied merely to the abolition of the jurisdictionof the House of Lords with regard to appeals from Scotland. The Earl of WICK2LOW said, if this bill had been introduced by one of those noble and learned lords who supported the resolution for excluding Lord Wensleydale from a seat in that house he would not have been surprised, but he was certainly somewhat astonished to find such a measureproposed by the Lord Chancellor, and supported by members of the Ministry who had expressed a conscientious belief that the Crown possessed the prerogative of appointing peers for life. Although the resoluwon adopted by their lordshipsmight have had some influence upon the minds of Her Mlajesty's Ministers, they must admit that that resolthion was really eorth no more than the paper upon which it was written; it had effected no alteration in the law and constitution of the contry, and the Ministers must be as flnUy convinced at this moment that the Queen enjoyed the prerog,ative of creating peers for lifet s they were wvhen they recommended 33erMajesty to bestow a life Peerage upon Lord Wensleydalti He took it for granted that it was the intention of ler uajestys Govern ment to offcr to Lord W ensleydale one of the appointments tobe createdby thishbill, as deputy. Speak-er of the Hnouse; but nupposing any circumlstaces should occur to prevent such an offer fromi being made to Lord wensleydale, or supposing that noble lord should feel that he had arrived at a period of life when he could not satisfactorily discharge the heavy duties which would devolve upon him in such an office, Lord Wepaleydale would then be placed in a most anomalous position. Hle would be prevented by their lordships' resolution from sitting in that house, wshile by the iesolultion of the House of Commons, providing that no peer should sit Or vote there, he would be precluded from representing any constituency in the other house. At the same time he (the Earl of Wicklow) did not deny that the bill would effect an improvement in the constitution of their lordships' House as a court of appeaL Lord CAMPIBELL must acquit his noble and learned friend on the woolsack, and his noble friends on the Ministerial bench, of any inconsistency, in proposing this bill. They conscientiously believed that the Crown had the right to create peers for life with seats in Parliament, and they Fo advised Her Majesty; but it turned out that they were lnistaken. [Some expressions of dissent from the Ministerial bench.] It had been ordered and adjudged by that House, as appeared fromiits Journals, that a peer for life, as such, could not sit in Parliament. That was a declarat.on of the law of the realm; so long as that resolution remained upon the Journals they had no choice in the matter, and the Crown could not insist upon a peer for life beeng admitted to a seat in that house. If it were necessary that peers for life should be appointed in order to assist in the judicial business of the House, legislation was indispensable before sach persons could occupy seats among their lordships. With regard to ib -Ase of Lord Wensleydale, he (Lord Campbell) had repeatedly implored Her Majesty's Government to exerci-e the undoubted prerogative of the Crown and to create him an hereditary peer. (Cheers from the Opposition benches.) Ho would be rejoiced to see Lord Weri- 'ale in such a position, but ha must say he thought thait - 1 l lord wasbynomeansin the situationdescribedby tn *noble earl(theEaALof Wicklow).LordWensleydalewasnot a peer of Parliament; he hadanundoubted right torepresent a constituency in Parliament; he might become a candidate for the cty of London (laughter), or any other Parhamentary boroughi; he might be returned, and there could not be the slightest objection to his qualification for a seat in the House of Commons. With reference to the statements that bad been made respectingthe conduct of judicial business in that house, he (Lord Campbell) could only say that for a period of nine years, before he became Chief Justice, he had devoted himself to the discharge of udicial duties in connexion with appeals, and he beieved that at no period of his judicial life had he done the country more service, or more satifactorily assisted in the administration of justice. Hle might also observe that he had practised for years at their lordships' bar, and he believed he had more practice in connexion with Scotch law than many of thoso learned individuals who had been created judges of the Court of Session in that country. He would venture to say that, during the nine years to which he had referred justice was as satisfactorily administered in their lordships' house as in any court in Westminster-hall, and he believed that if a bill were introduced to deprive the House of Lords of jurisdiction in the case of Scotch appeals, and to appoint a court of appeal to sit in the Parliament House at Edinburgh, petitions against such a proposal would be presented from every city and borough iu Scotland. He wvould take upon b=rf t that the universal voice of Scotland was in favour of the maintenance of the existing jurisdiction. The Mlarquis of LANSDOWNE.-I shall give my support to this bill, because I understand it has been recommended by the committee for the purpose of effecting an object which all parties agree to be most desirable-namely, to provide against an existing evil andto apply anadequateremedy. Your lordships should not go beyond the necessity of the case, nor seekc, by means of the present biD, to pronounce an opinion on the-general question of lifepeerages-amattEr which has given rise to much controversy, but one in respect of which I still retain the same sentiments that I have from the first expressed. (Hear, Lhear.) If the bill had declared an opinion binding the Crown for the fiture upon a subject relating to its own prerogative, nothing should have induced me to support it; but I do not believe that such has been it; intention; wor can I thmik that such will be its effect. All lawyers wil concur in saying that, had the bill been designed tabar by law the future action of the Crown, it would have bIen drawvn up in a very different manner from that in whickithasbeenframed. For niyown part, I acquiesce in the measurebecanuse it has been so constructedas to iimit its provionsto theparticularmachinerynecessaryforthepurposeof introducing into your lordships' House two persons qualified to assist in the administration of justice in that house, regarded as a court of appeal. Alter maklng the necessarS provisions for that purpose, it leaves the general question if the prerogative of the Crown excactly w here it found it. :As for the resolution w;hereby ithas been sought to e-.,Iude Lord Wensleydale from this house it has not recei.ved the sanction of the three branches of the Legislatur% and cannot, therefore, have the force of an act of Parisamcnt. It is notiing more than a declaration of opinion, which, having I been prom¶lgatd to.day, may b & as eaily Abrogated to. morrow. There are numerous instances on your lordshipe' Votes of declaratory resolutiong, which at one time commanded your cordial approval, and at another were as emphatically rejected. Your three oonficting decisions in the matter of the " Banbury Peerage,' and your reversal of your decision with respect to the Vzero5atives of the Scottish peerage may be cted as cases min pont (hear), and prove most concldsively tbat declarator resolautions, such a; that nowe in questio, never had, nor pFetended to have, the force of Lawr. (Heai, hear.) lord EEDESDALX interpreted the birasgragtotbe Crown an extension of prerogative beyond the poisn ziefined by the previous resolution. (Hear.) To such exiseon. however, a limit was placed by the express declaratiow that not smore than four such peers should be allowed to sitbta the hioae at the same time. LMd ST. LEONAID'S was of opinion that, if the lilt psed, the Crownwouldnot have the power of granting aw* ether life peerages than those to which it especially referred. The LORD CHANCELLOE:observed that, if the bill had mot been so framed as to leave the Rloval prerogative untoached, there was a manifest defect in the manner of its construction. lIE TZWILLIAM remar-aed that the bill appeared to be susceptibe of a great varety of interpretations. Had the learned person whose peerage had formed the subject of discussion insisted upon taking his seat, how could they have prevented him ? The place in which they sat, although popularly called "the Houseof Lords," was, according to the constitution, hut on apartment of the Queen's Palace iu which she chose to convene her Council. Their lordtahps hawd got into a dificulty, from which sending this measuro down to the House of Commons would not extricate them. Earl GRANVILLE.-I am perfectly awrare of the difaiculty of the position in which the whole of this question has placed the House; but I trust that the discovery of the way out of it is not so hopeless as my noble friend behind me (Lord Fitzwifliam) appears to suppose. The facts of the case are these :-the noble lord at the head of Her Majesty's Government, receiving information which has been justified by all that has transpired in the committee and by its recommendations, thought it desirable to reinforce this House with regard to the numbers of law lords who are accustomed to attend to the judicial business of the House. Being aware, as many most eminent men have for years been, of the inconvenience of increasing the number of hereditary law lords-they not being in all cases able to provide for their families, so as permanently to strengthen your lordships' House-and being advised that it was entirely within Her Majesty's prerogative to create life peers, he took it upon himself to recommend Eer Majesty to confer such a peerage upon a noble lord who was to be introduced into this house. I think that that course was a wise one; and I believe that if it had not been disputed it would have added much to the strength of this House, and would have led to no inconveniences whatever. This, however, was not the opinion of the House. As soon as the fact of this creation of a peer for life was known, notices were given, and it was stated that to such a course there existed objections of both a legal and a constitutional character. I do not intend to renew that discussion (hear, hear); but I may, perhaps, be allowed to state that my individualopimon remains unchanged, and that I still think that the B=ouse was wrong both in sabstance and in the mode of doing what it did in the case of Lord Wensleydale. I cannot, however, shut my eyes to the I fact that, whether ri"ht or wrong, the House came to that conclusion-thiat the whole party opposite, without one exception, a large portion of the persons who sit in the middle of your lordships' house, and are supposed to belong to no party, and a considerable number of our own supporters on this side of the house, came to the conclusion that Her Majesty's Government had taken an unwise and an injudicious course. I am obstinate enough to remain of the opinion that we were perfectly right, and very much regret that that decision was come to. Bnt it was come to. Your lordships in the most formal manner came to the conclusion not to admit lord Wensleydale to take his seat. The Queen might have created such a number of hereditary peers as to change the result of the vote, but I think no one would have advised the adoption of such a course. Mty noble and learned friend (Lord Campbell) frequentlyrecommended thatwe should at once get outof the difficulty by creating Lord Wensleydale an hereditary peer. I appeal to your lordships whetherthepursuitof such acoursewould nothave been a complete abandonment of the question? The course which Her Majesty's Ministers were induced to take was this:Thinking that there was sdmething like a collision between the Crown and this lIouse, and that even the appearance of such a state of things was an anomaly which it was very desirable to remove, they thought that by appealing to the patriotic feelings of the members of this House a means might be adopted of settling the difference by the best possible means, viz., with the concurrence of the Crown and both Houses of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) With that object they acceded to the wish exprcssed by a noble and learned lord, and afterwards by a noble earl (Lord Derby), that the House should go into the whole question of the appellate jurisdiction, and should see what arrangement could be made which should be really beneficial to the public and should strengthen instead of weakening the character of this House. We went into that committee, and I am bound to say that there was very little party feeling shown on either side. (Hear, hear.) Although on certain points there was great difference of opinion, yet all manifested the same desire to come to a satisfactory result. I think one of the points on which we all felt most anxiety was, that we should avoid doing anyhing which should throw blame upon the course which had been takon either by the Crown or by this House. When the noble earl (Earl Fitzwilliam) expresses his surprise that Her Majesty's Government should have anything to do with this bill, and complains of the unfortunate position in which Lord WYensleydale will find himself placed by it, I must ask him to consider in what position Lord Wensleydale would be if no bill of this sort were passed, unless-which I presume hewould not recommend-the Government had entirely withdrawn from the quishon, and created that noble and learned lord anu hereditary peer. As it is, the £rinc!sle of having some life peers has been fully admitted. ashob d have infinitely preferred that no limitation should have been placed upon the Crown in regard to this. The reason which most weighed with your lordships, however, was the fearthat in different days an abuse of this prerogative might take place, and it was therefore thought right to place some limit to it. As Her Majesty's Ministers have never thought it desirable that this prerogative-which they still believe the Queen to possess-shoUld be abused by the creation of a large number of peers, they thought it worth while to make it the subject of a satisfactory arrangement. (Hear, hear.) We have, Ithimk, by our recommendations, done that which will strengthen the appellate jurisdiction of this House, and which will-if I may be allowed the expression-at the same time exclude poverty from it. Wc shall see Lord Wensleydale sitting in virtue of his life patent, and we have come to this decision in a dignified manner, which will rather do good than harm to the House of lLords in the opinion of the public, and will showv that we have been actuated by a practcal desire to come to a satisfactory conclusion upon this subject. T have thouiihtitnecessary to state thus much becallse s3 o1d e sorry that anyone should entertain the opinion tha t we -ere wrong in the course which we took, stll less tlhat we admlit that this House can by itsaresolutMon bind the Crown. (Hlear, hear.) The Earl of DERBY said, he could not resist rising to express his entire concurrence in the tone and manner of the sttement just made by the noble earl. The noble earl had expressed himself with that fairness and straight forwardness which had characterized him throughout the whole proceedings of the committee on this subject, and he had placed the arrangement entered into between the two sides of the House exactly in the light in which he (the Earl of Derby) himself had viewed it. There was no difference of opinion between them as to the desirability of coming to some general concurrence on this subject, and he entirely agreed with the noble earl as to the nature of the bill now before them, which he hoped' would receive the sueedy assent of both Houses. Their lordships then went into committee on the bill. On clause 1, Lord St. ILEONAARD'S objected to the Judges of the Admiralty and the Prerogative Courts beinu eligible for the office of deputy-Speaker. He did not t'Aink the ranme of their duties was such as to fit them for the discharge o? the functions of a judge of appeals in their lordships' house. The deputy-Speakers ought to be men whose previous functions had given them an acquaintance with law generally, and not merely with one narrow branch of it. Earl GRANVLLE thought the object ought to be to get for this important post the best men, wherever they could be found. The judges selected must have had five years' experience on the bench, and surely no one would affirm that such a man as Lord Stowell, after five years' experience as judge of the Admiralty Court, would have been unfit for the situation now proposed to be created. The clause was merely enabling, and it would be shortsighted policy to cripple the Government in the selection of the fittest persons. (Elear, hear.) Lord CAPBELL entirely agreed in the observations of the noble earl. It might be that in some instances the judge,s of the courts referred to would be, after five years' experience, the fittest men to select to assist in the appellate urisdiction. As Lord Stowell had been referred to, he would also mention the name of Dr. lushin'ton, who was profoundly learned in the Scotch law having Seen for many years engaged in every Scotch appeal, was bred to practise m the common law courts, and was, in fact, an universal jurist. He, therefore, thought it would be exceedingly im- proper to restrict th. power of selection on the part of the Vrown as proposed. Lord ST. LEONKARfS said, he would not persist in hisl suggestion, but rmarked thmat unless very great care ww exercised in the appointments the appellate jurisdiction of the House wou3& be destroyed. (Hear, hear.) At the suggestion of the Earl of Do-NourGsEoaszthe power of selectionnwsv extended, so as to include the J*dge of the Irish rerogative Court. The cla-asee was then agreed to, as were also tlb.subsquent classes, with some r eral amendments. The (Qford University Bill was read a third, t:Im and passed. Thc, Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland) Bil'. wa read a seacc time. 2be Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Bill passed ihro agh ramittee.D The National Gallery Bill was reprvked wiSh Iamendments. The House adjourned at half-past 'f o'clock,
PARLIAMENTARY OTICES. Trt%Trczv AV ilnNf',VTOVq- Wvnvvqn.% v- TrTN-P 4- nrFn- nr TT n^sr Tenant Right (Ireland) Bill,-Scoond reading. &kientific and Literary Societies Bill,-Coenmittee. wentmeo' Mrriages BDill-Committee. Joint-Stock Bank3 BW.-Adjourned debate on going into committee. G3doLs. &c-. B3 -Second reading. Snpply,-CvnDiKeCe. WAys and Moans-Conmitt.e. Judicial Procedure. Jr. (Scotland) Bill.-Third reading. Specialtyand Sinpile Contract Debta Bil,l-Secona seading. Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bill,-Committee. Eupply,-Report. Tunal Acta Anendment Bill,-Secondreading. IChCe Bill,-CoMMitt,ee. - TtC5c 0F XOTtOliS. Mr. lHutt,-Address for copy of any regulations 'or the navigation otthe River Po. made by the authority of the river-b)rdering rittes, according to the provisious of the 96th article of the treaty of Vienna. In Committee on Dissenters' 1arriages Bill:- Mr. Ifeuley.-CLause ti, to add proviso:-Providedalwrays. that no much marlriage as aforesaid shall be solemnized iu aniy such registered ;i9iding wvithout the conseut of the minister, or of one of the trustees. owners, deacons, or managers thereof, nor in any church or chapel of hoe united church of England and Ireland, without the consent of the ini:ster thereof. air H. Str3cy-Afterclause tolS insert the following clause :-If the ]Duties to anymarriage contracted conformably to the said recited acts, oranyof thea. ortothe provisionsofthisact, shall after the passing of this act desire to add tae religious ceremony onluin ed by the chureh of which such parties shall be members to the ctremony which shall "-aro been performed under the said redted acts or any of them. or of thia act, it shaU be competent for them to present themselves to a clergyman or regularly onlained minister of the church of whlich such p3rties shall be members for such urpose hainggienseven days' preTious noticetosc drya o hi intention so to do. and such clergyman. upon the production of the certiticate of their mzariage beYoro the Superintendent Registrar, and upon payneuntof the customary tees (if any) to such clergyman, shal read the marriage senrice, or such portion thereof as may seem needful in such case: but nothing in the readineof such service shall be held to supersede or invalidate any Tarriagn so previously contracted. Mr. Bolwyer,-'Ltuse -Any building licensed according to law as a 3place of worship may be registered for solemnnizing marriages therein ,tnder the provisions of the irst of the maid recited arts, although it ba3a not been used as a place of worship during one year; and the cerificate for registration of such building shaU be good and sttfficient, although the same bh3U be signed by 10 members of the congregation using the same as their place of worship no, being householders, and such certiLicate shcall Onlystato that such building is their usual place of worship. and that they are desirous that it be registered as aforesaid. Clause 12.-Where any marriage shall have been lawfully celebrated befors the regi3trar. or aceonting to the rites of the church of England, it shalt not be necessary to give any notice to the registrar of any other alt sausequent celebratlon of stuch marriage accorling to the religirus rites of any church or other religious body, and the presence of whe registrar shall not be re,quiired at any such subsequent celebration. lause 13.-Whereas by statute 65th and Mth of iAUiam IVY, chap. 85, section 20. it is provided that at tho celebration of sny marriage in any registered place of worship each of the parties shaU say to the other, I caU upon these persons here present to witness that I, A B, do take thee, C D, to be my lawful wedded wiife (or husband), be it enicted that such form shaU not be requisite in any case where the parties shaU use, in the celebration of such raarriage in such registered TLZce, according to the provisions of the f:,rriage Acts, any form of wcrds instead of the said form before recited. uai z.milar to that used in the establihed church fr. Dunlop,-To move the foUowing clause :-Whu'e parties, not desuing to solemntize theirmarriage accordng to the rites of the church of EngLand, shalL instead of solemniing the same umder the promiuIOns of the said recited acts and this act, emit, within the lWlte of Scotland. any declaration of acceptance of each other a3 husband and wife. or any acknowledggment of marriage, or perform any act. or go through any ceremony or proceeding which Might, by the law of Scot13ld. constitute a ralid but irregular marriage, such declaration of acceptance. acknowledgment, act. ceremony. or proceeding, shall not corstitute mari3ge between such parties, unless one of them shaU, during the 14 days immnediatelypreceding such declaration of acceptance. acksnowsledgment, act, ceremony; or proceeding, have resided continuously in Scotland; and every such attempted marriage, unless one of the parties shalt have been so resident in Uicotland so aforesaid, shall be deemed, and shalt be, void and null. ir. Y3nce,-On motion for going into committee on Joint-Stock :BnuksBil, to move that this }£ouse, will, uponthis day sic months, resolv its3elf mnto the said committee.
COURT CIRCULAR. Her Majesty held a Court yesterday at Buckingham Palace. Lord 'Wodehouse, the Qneen's Envoy Extraordinary and Alin;sterPlenipotentiary to His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias, had an audience of Her Majesty, and took leave on proceeding to St. Petersburg. His Lordship was presented by the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of &tato for Eoreign Affairs. The Queen was attended by Lord Waterpark, Lord in Waiting, and Major-General Berkeley Drummond, Groom in Waitin-. Prince frederick William of Prussia, attended by the Gentlemen of his suite and Colonel Francis Seymour, visited the British .Museum yesterday morning. Hris Royal Righness afterwards rode on horseback with Prince Albert. Lieutenant-General Baron de Schreckenstein and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros attended the Princes. The Regent of Baden, attended by the Gentlemen of his ,mite and the Hon. Mortimier Sackvill West, went yestero day morning to the Tower of London, where he was received hy the Deputy-Lieutenant, Lord de Pos, wbo attended his Royal Highness dunring his ection of the different objects of interest in the edifice. The Prince Regent also visited yesterday the Royal Mint and St. Paul's Cathedral. His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe-Weirnar paid a visit to OhisRoyal Highness at Buckingham Palace n the afternoon. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester took an airing in a carriage yesterday, and called on the Queen at Buckingham Palace. Prince Alfred, attended by Lieutenant Cowell, left Buckin ham Palace yesterday aftermoon for the Royal Lodge in W'lnsor Park. The Prinice travelled by the South-Western allaway. Prince Albert and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, attended by Captain the Hon.D. de Ros and Captain Heinz, visited the British Museum yesterday afternoon. In the evening Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, with the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, honoured the Princess's Theatre with their presence. The Royal suite consisted of YAdyMacdonald, LadyWaterpark,Lientenant-GeneralBaron deSchreckenstein, Baron de oltke, ColonelBaron Seutter, Major-General Bouverie, and Captain tne Hon. D. de Ros. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa took an airing in an open carriage and four yesterday. Lady hIacdonald has succeeded the Duchess of Atholl as the Lady in Waiting to the Queen. Lord Yaterpark and Maior-General Berkeley Drummond have relieved Earl Somes and Sir Frederick Stovin in their dxties as the Lord and Groom in Waiting. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, his Royal ElighnessPrince Alfred, and his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent yesterday, at Clarence House, St. James's. A deputation from the Steam Shipowners' Association of London had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Right Hon. Robert Lowe, yesterday, at the Board of Trade, upon the subject of the liabilities of shipowners. The deputation consisted of Mr. Arthur Anderson (chairman); -Mr. Watson, M1r. Hall, Mr. Pratt, Captain Mangles, Captain Chappell, R.N., and Mr. Morgan (secretary.) The deputation was accompanied by the following members of Parliament :-Sir Robert Ferguson, Mr. W. Brown, Mr. oRonfall, Mr. J. C. Ewart, Mr. Alexander Hastie, Mr. John M'Gregor, AMr. Watson, ColonelFrench, Mr. W.D. Seymour, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Davison, Mrx. HeadIam, Mr. Ridle, Mr. Grogan, Mlr. Vance, Mr. Fagan, Mr. Beamish, Mr. Berkeley, hMr. Meagher, Mr. George, Mr. Kirk, Mlr. Duncan, Mr. Russell, Colonel Adair, ir. Willcox, Air. Blake, Mr. Forster, and Mr. M'Cann; and alsoby SirJ. K. James, Bart. (Dablin), MEr. Malcolmson (Waterford), Messrs. Henderson and M'Clure (Belfast), Mr. Ogilby (Limerick), M1r. Kemp (leetwood), Mr. Laird (Birkenhead), Mrr. Hill Southmpton), Messrs. M'Gregor, Laird, and Robinson London); and Mr. J. Smith, secretary to the Association tor Promoting the Interests of London Traders. A committee of the Privy Council, consisting of the Lord President, Sir George Grey, the Right Hon. T. Pemberton Leigh, the Riglht on. Spencer Walpole, Dr. Lushington, the Right Hon. x. T. Baines, and Sir James Graham, sat yesterday in the Council Chamber to consider certamn regulations and ordinances of Exeter, Lincoln, :nd Corpus Christi Colleges, Oxford, in amendment of t~heir respective statutes; and likewise certain petitions against the same, and other papers thereupon, including a petition from Mrr. James Haywood. hLP., relative to the ne statates;* a petition of certain members of the execative conmittee of the Association for the Reform of Educational Endowments, respecting the new statutes; a petition of the trustees of Dr. Williams's Library, Red-cross-street, in the City of London, praying that Her Majestys assent to certain statutes may be withheld for a time; a petition of the Rev. Mark Pattison, B.D., and Fellow of Lincoln Col3ege, Oxford, praying that the ordinances and statutes of that College may be referred back to the Commissioners for reconsideration, and that Her Majesty's assent may be with. hield til the statutes and ordinances of all the other Colleges in the University shall have been laid before Her Majesty in Council; apetition of 3Mr. Charles Mteate, barrister-at-law, and FeUow of Oriel CoUege, Oxford, and Henry Edward Moberly, clerk, Fellow of New College, Oxford, praying that a rmemorial to the Oxford University Comnmissioners, by 106 members of the lniversitc "deprecating a disregard of the eleemosynary character of College foundations, and that preferences with regard to pecuniarv crcumstances in the election to Fellowships may be retained," may be referred to a committee of CounciL Counsel were heard in support of the petitions and memorial. Sir Alexander Spearman had an interview with the ChanceUor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downing-street. A deputation from the Metropolitan Board of Workls, consistmg of Mr. Thwaites (chairman), Mlessrs. Carpmael, Wright, Bristow, Few, Deputy Harrison, and Borslenx (maembers of the Board), Mr. B lgette (engineer), and Mr. Woolrych (clerk to the Board), had an interview with Sir Benjamin Ha yesterday at the office of Public Works and Buildings, Whoitehall-place Despatche3 were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands. Despatches were sen; to t,he CTovernors of Houghong and
yTO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-When Lords Palmerston and Panmure stated in their respective places that the quartermasters of MEilitia reagments would be retained on the permanent staff when their regiments were disembodied they acknowledged the urgent necessity of having an officer in charge of arms, zcc6utrements, and clothing. Since their Lordships made that statement, however, a change has manifasted itself in their intentions. The old economical screw has taken a trn, and the Secretary-at-War now refuses to appoint quartermasters to those regiments whose colonels have, at great inconvenience, done their best to carry out the spirit of the instructions promulgated to all Militia regimenta when embodied, thereby punishing colonels who have strictly done their duty and obeyed their orders, and re-srding the 27 or 28 who, regardless of their instructions, obtained the appointment of a full quartermaster to their reoiments. IfLord Panmure is satistied, and he stated that he was so satisfied, that a quartermaster on the permanent staff is necessary to take chargo of stores .a duty in auite impossible for the adjutant and paymaster to pero as he has so many other duties to attend to), why are some regiments to have that augmentation to their staff granted snd others refused? It would be manifestly unjust and, had I space, I could prove very false economy also. i must not, however, trespass further on your kindness except to pray you to advocate the cause of justice on this occason I esacice my card, in compliance with your rule, and rpm&5n Sir. your obliged servant, _ A b IJA VX-rIVjSA. Afe tt, nTie 2. I v I
LOST, at the ljinj of the Stone of the Wellington U` C6lnge Sonthe" of lne,aBJICE T,of smallgoldchins, fatlesed by agoldheart, containing hair. Whoever will bring it to S, esy-srtrarls-Sreet, Cavendish-square, shall receive ONE POUND NhNE GUINEA REWVARD.-LOST, on Sunday I evening. May 4 in ornear LockChapel. aS.jILE TAIL BOA. Whoover will bring the same to 4, Great M4arlboroeigh-street, shall receive the above reward. Tw° P ?>UND3 RE YA;I).--LOST1, on Saturday Jainesta-strcet, JerrPyn-ostreoet, or 'U-emdalL IfbIrosgtt 15, Adiylbe !marle-street, the above reward will he giren, i ANISH FIVE per CENT. LOA.N.-One of the |Dcancelled Bonds was No. 49S0, and not 419 as stated in the adver- tiinmentpublished 2d intt. PORTUGUESE ANNUITIES, 1S43. --The I TENTY-FOURTH and LAST INSTALMENT of the above Annuities will be PAIDon Thursday next, the 5th inst., and every following olonday and Thtusday. The Coupon is not to be detached, but muist be given up together with tho Bonds, which will be received for examination one clear day previous to being paid off. G. C. x. deBRITO. FinancIal Agent. Portuguese Financial Agency, Finsbury-ehunbers, June 3, I856. 1OYAL GARDENS, CRENMORNE, OPEN .L1 DAILY, ls.-The programme of 3auusesnents for both day and night visitors is of thE most lberal and atractivE cbaracter, incudine Concert, Classical Gymai. BaLlet Divectbisemenit, great Equestian DisHplays Aegorical Balet. Dancin T al Fesco. i lluirnaimons, Pyrotecnmic Displays, c. The hands polaypon Sondays at the usual time Table dihothe atr6 nsa 6d. each, In the adjoining grounls of tihbrtne ham-park is Wtaterer and Godfreyh Exhibition of American Plants, Adumisaion Is . (I RAXD EXHiMBITION of AIflERIUAN PLATS. Y-bessrs. WVATERER and GODFRstY beg to annouce their EXHdIBITION of istERICAN PtLNTS ia Ashhrnhatn-parkn ydjoinIg CremoVEN-garWedns sil be opened on Thursey, June S. In soliciting the patronage of all admirers of this beautiUl tribe (tey feel confidentin stating this exhibition, as a display of Elowers, will r exceed anything of its kinrd ver before attempted. OPen daily from 9 till dune: admissionl Is, *a' a 31daoantoH EATdre oftaians Appearance ofmd .A TGlS EVENING (Wedueday. June 4) will 'ae Terformed (forhe Dirst time in Englandl a new tragedy, entiled atEDEA h tl-pa ted into Itnaian by J. BontaneDi. from the k'rench of . Ltegouvion MSledes, hladame Ristori; Crensa, hIdlle. Piachiottino; Nutrice di Creusa, lladame Fdizianl: Una Giovinetta. idoxe. Rapaszini: Lstcone and 5 elanto (children of Giasone and l Meda h e. A Gleck and hdlde. E:. Gleck Creonto, 8ignor Tessero; Orfco, Signor *occemini; Giasone. Signor Gleck: Capo-popolo, Signor PomateuLl Doors open at S. The tragedy will conpubecs at half-past 8, and terminate about 11. Boxes and stalsimay be secnued on applisntion to Mhr. Parons at the box-olsice of the theatre; and to the prindcpal hbrnrixas and inusitseUers. Prices of admissioni:-Boxes, £3 ais, £4 4s.. £5 Ss., and £6 Os,; p it stalls, £i is.; amphitheatre stalls, s3s. ; pit. 5s. ;amphitheatre. Is. 6a. dra RY-LANE .-63d, 64th, 6th, and 66th d Nights of English Oper a.-The pubtc stilU continue to favour. in an extraordinaridegree,the operatic representations at this national esiablihrnent.-The house Ls crowd ed nightly, and loud and long are the manifestations of applaus.-TIS EVENING A edneT ). and on Friday, I1 TROVATORE, or The Gipsb's Vengeonce, which, notwithsatnding its unprecedented run of 30 nlights, continues to draw the largest aNdienceI , To-nerrow p TOurNdayG and on Saturday, ballaceis odra, Bacitana, wilD of repeLted. Luey Escoit, Spaiss FDany eedrsrt, aMiss D;er; f r. Aengtsts BrahaTS, lr. Zlliot Galer, MIr. IIenn IaiWith Mr. hanvers, lmr. Durand, r. Bern ard. 2.L. Cour tai gn e. Mlr. w1atfocd. &ic. EvNecy eveningO during the week Vr. aiid GWd. n. Florence will perform-dreceding the oper cm thelaughable iece of MISCHIEVOhS.ANNIE,aond altersthe operaiu THE ba: pE HuOtSEKEEPER-being the last four nights of their appearsnce inLondon. On FridayLthe Perordancesrwill be for the DYneit of lr. and M Drs. . J. Florence, under most distind u ished patronage. THETREROYAL, HAYMARKET. - Mr. Frid. SheS=TURPIN. Box uookkteeper, begs to announce that his AhNNUAL BENEFIT will takie place TO.NIGIIT, June 4, when will be revived Mr. Buckntone's comedy of SINGLhE vIk'E.; with the Spanish Dancers: and a new farce, entitled THE RIGHTS AND WRcON'GS Ok' WVObAN. WVith other Entertainments. YHEATRE ROYAL, HEYMARET. - THIS . EVENING aWedne day) will be revived pr. Bnckstone's comedy of SINGLE ITFE. AITer which,the.rLeonedsbpanis M dancera,n era None, ManuelPerez, and a comPlete Companyyof Spnish Cocyphees in the ballet pantomime of H GAMBUSINOT or, Tho MTexican GoldTseker. To which will be added the nea force of THiE RIGeTS dND WRONGS OF WlyOingcma, in which Mr, Bnck;stone, ur. heowse. Iss Talbo-, and Mniss Bela T Copeland wSill appear. Concluding with A DAY AFTER THE WEDDINaG. To-morrovv (ThursdayN , and on Friday, She Stosns to Conquer; the Spanieh Dancers; and the new farce. O Satunray, the 67th night of The Evil GeENus; ith tho Spaish Dancers; and the neor farce. OYLPRINCESS's THEATRE. -THIS thtEVENING and duringthe week wilbe presented Shabapeare H piny of THE WINTER'S TALE. Leontes, by Hr C KeaNu fer. mione, bylMrs.C.Keen. PrecededubyTie VICTORWLaNQUISBoED. I teOYAL AsELPHIaTHEATREa-RetiaeofrThe O EFlyingDutrlsan.a.- Engl C iLESTEs A ALBENgeFT, TiirS EVENING, JUno 4 (onv hich occasion she lill sustain Vanderdecken in The FaVing Dutchad an. hiami n The Green Bushes, and Hfartlquin in Jack andThoBean Stalk). wheniwill be reriredthe cblek heated Adelphi drama of THE FLYING D neTCHday Juith super natural effects and new scenery). Suppected by Messes 1. Webster WVright, P. Bedford. Selby, Bland; Mfadame Celeste. hlisies M. KReeley, oelly, tcE. With (by desire) Second Act of THE GREEN BUSEBs: by Messrs. Wright, Panl Bedford, and Madamwe Celest. To conclude wvith the comic pantomime (as performued by command before Hier clajesty and the THoyaG Famiy) of JACK CAD THE BEa STLK. Imarequin, nadtme Cdaeshe; Colavmbrine, Moiss Wynt am. Boxes, stalls, and tickets to be had at the theatre. ODALER's-U-LLS.t-lEnganO Oper.-anager, M hr. HIoward Glover.-Mfusicgl Director, MDr. W. H. Mbontgomery,Tdwo ILast Grand Extra Nights.h npreedented Combination or T'alent.-hMadamoiagjob Garcia, Miss Baysano, Miss J. Bleaden, and 3r s. Sims Reevers *;Mr. Sims Reeves, Mfr. Delavanti, Mr. J. Miranda, blr. Leler, b. Sainton (the eminent violinist), and IHerr Pischek Ithe celebrated basso).-THIS EVENIG (WYednesday, Jane 4). being for tho BENEFIT of M.lr HlOWAIID GLO*VER, the Two Last A cts of THlE BOliIIILAN GIRL,. AlEter which, a Grand Concert. Concluding with THiE BEGGARS' OPEE A. Captain Mtacheath, Mrr. Sims Reeves. On Saturday, June. a, variety of Entertainments, being positively the last appearance of Mr. Sims Reeves at this theatre. N YALTSURRAEY TAATRET-IEATanOperahand AAiBallet.-First Night.-On Monday next will be performed Beilini's grsand opera, NOlRMA Nvorma.K by Miadamne Caradori. After theo.opera, the Isational Anthem will be sung by the whole sitrength of the company. To concrlude with a Ballet Divertissement. Principal dansense, Miss Rosina Wfright. Doors oPen an 7, perform. rnums commence at half-past ?. Dress circle, 4s. : pit, 2s.: gallery, is. Prvate boxes, .£2 its., £2 2g., and £81-to be had at the box-ollice, an,d of all librarians and musiceellers. \TATIONAL STDANI)AD THEATRE. -The J.5 Greatest Hit ever made in the East.-Enthusiaitic Reception of Professor Anderson the Great Wizard of the North.-MAGIO and MYSTERZ EVEBRY EVEIG, on the same scale of splendour aa it wras produced at the Tnentres Royal, Covent-garden and Lyceum, Doors open each evening at 7, commence at balf-past, For psicce see small billc. In consequence of the great rnsh it is important to secure seats beforehand. Box-ofice open daily from 11 to 4. HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. MldUe. Piceolomini.-Grand Extra Night. To-morrow Evening (Thursday. June 5) will be repeated Verdi's highly successful opera, LA TRAVIATA. Violetta MdUle PecDlomini; Alfredo, Signor Calzolari; and Germont iiorgio, Signor Beneventano. To conclude with a New Ballet Divertlseement. in which MIdle. Marie Taglioni and h. Charles iFiIl ar,pear and dance a Grand raa de Deux and Ia Seguidil1a. Grand Pas de Deox by Mdlle. Bosehetti and M. Vandris. Applications for boxes, stallv, and tic'kets to be made at the box-office of the theatre, Colonnade, HaymaTket. ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUM. Subecription Night To-morrow (Thursday). To-morrowEvening (Thursday) will be given as a Subscription Night in lieuof Saturday, August 16, on which oasion wll be performed (for the Srat time this eason) Donizetti's opera, LA FAVORITA. Leonora, Madame Griai; Inez, Madame Taglea; Ealdassare, ML Zelger; Don Gasparo. Signor Soldi; AMfoso XI., Signor Graziani - and Ferdinando, Signor Mario. Conductor-Mr. Costa. In the second act a Divertissement, in wbich hldUe. Esper, MIIle. Genat, IYnsaleur Desplaces, and Mdlle. Cerito will appear. DRURY-LAIN-ENGLISH OPERA. THIS EVENING, MISCHIEVOUS ANNIE. After which, Verdi's opera. IU TROVATORE; or, The Gips Vengeance. LUCy Fcott, Miss Fanny Huddart; Messrs. Augusa Brahana, Durand, Bernard, &c. To conclude with THE YANKEE HOUSEKEE PlX THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET. 'Under the Mlanagement of Mlr. Buckstons. THIS EVENING, SINGLE LIFE. Mecers. Buckstone, Compton; Miss Swanborough, Mlrs Poynter, &c. After which, rerea iNena and tbe Spanish Dancers. THE RIGHT8 AND WRONGS OF WObMAN. Concluding with A DAY AFTER THE WErDING. ROYAL PRINCESSS TlEATRE. Under the banagement of' Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENING wiU be presentedTHE VICTOR VANQUISHED. Afterwhich, Sbakspeare's play of THE WINTER'S TALF, Leontea, by Mr. a. Kean; Hermione, by hlrs. C. Rean. THEATRE ROYAli, A3DELPBHL Proprietor blr B. Webster: Directress, MadameCeeste. TIIS EVENII'NG (for the BENEFIT of Madame CEM ESMT4, FLYING DUTCHIUAN: Mlessrs. Webster, Wright. Madame Celestw. Second Act of GREEN BUSHES: Messrs. Wright, P. Bedford, and Madame Celeste. And the comic pantomime of JACK ANID THE I BEAN STALK. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Vigan. THIS EVENING. A WITS JOURXAL: RETRIBh3TION: and STAY AT HOME. Mfessrs. Alfred Wigan, Emery, and G. Vining; Mr Stirling, MissesTemnanandHerbert. C ommence ati pal t. SADLEP3S-WELLS. THIS EVENING, the last two acts of THE BO3HEMIA GIRL. Thaddeus, MIr. Sims Beeves. Ater which, a Grand Concert: snpported byMadame Viardot Garci, hiss Bascano,M.Saintan, andilerr Pischek. Concluding with THE BEGGARS' OPERA. Qaptain Macheatb, bMr. Sims Reeves; PoDy, Miss Bleadon; Lucy, Miss3Fanny Blana. ROYAL SURREY THEATR. Lessee, Me3s Shepaerd and Creswiek, THIS EVENING, INGOHAR. Ingomar, Mr. James Andemrsn; Myran, Mbr. Norman; Actea, Mrs. Moreton Brooees; Theala, Misa Mlary Seyton: Parthenia, Uiss Elaworthy. To conclude with TPl FLOATING BEACON. Jack Junk, Mr. Sheoperd. ASTLLE'S ROYAL AMPPHIITEARE. Lessee and Manager. Mr. W. Cooke. THIS EVEING, TEE HORSE OF THE CAVERE ; qe. Tha Mlounted Brigands of the Abruzzi. The Acts of the Arena. DIouble Rerolving Athletme. To conclude with TEE FESTIVAL OIEACOE, or Honour to the Brave; with Grand ADegorlcalTableau. TO CORPXSPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the ptice of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5jd. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. IUnder the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. The donation of "A&s LNDIGSN.N'T MNGLLM}AN " has been duly forwarded. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. Sr The publication of Tim TnE commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday mornng, and finished at 10 minutes to 9.
LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1B. In the House of Lords last night When the order of the day had been read for going into commuittee on the Appellate Jurisdiction BMI, The Earl of ABERDEEN waid that Lord DERBY, who had moved for the committee on the report of which the bill was founded had stated that the appellate jurisdiction of the House, as regarded Scotch causes, was most unsatisfactory, and yet the bill contained no referenw to So0otel appeals. His own opinion-one that he had entertained for many years-was that all Scotch appeals should be removed from the jurisdiction of the House, and referred to a court of final appeal for Scotland, composed of persons of great weight and authority. This might seem very revolutionary. but, as regarded Scotland, the appellatejurisdiction now exercised by the House was unquestionably an act Of usurpation, so far as its principle was concerned; and as for its practice, it was notorious that the eminent Englsh lawyers who pronounced the decision of the House were not only ignorant of Scotch law, but despised it. Thus Lord ERSRLNE, who sat on the woolsack 30 years ago, declared that he was as ignorant of Scotch law as if he had been a native of Mexico, and eminent advocates of the present day had declared that owing to this ignorance a Scotch appeal was regarded as a lottery. He admitted} indeed, that the sentiments which he had expressed were not general in Scotland, but he beieved that they vould gain ground, and that the day was not far distant whencotch appeals would be banished from the House. The Earl of DERBY said that while Lord ABEBDEEN maintained his peculiar opinions he was forced to admit that the sensible people of Scotland were satisfied vwith the present system of appeals. With regard to himself, he could only say that, though on the committee he had stated the case of Scotch appeals as constituting one of several objections raised against the existing system, he had carefully abstained from committing himself to any of those objections; nor did he trink that any such case had been made out in Scotch appeals as to caU for a change in the existing jurisdiction. He was at a loss to understand what Lord ABnsDEEN meant, for first he advocated the entire removal of Scotch appeals, and then he contended for the right of a Scotch Judge tolsit in the supreme tribunalFof that House. Now, though the bill did not necessarily place a Scotch Judge on the appellate bench, it did not exclude them, and, in fact, the Scotch Judges in this respect stood exactly in the same position as the other Judges of the United Kingdom. After some explanations fiom Lord ABERDEEN, Lord ST. LEONARD'S utterly denied the assertion of Lord ABERDEEN that English lawyers were ignorant of Scotch law. Tihat statement was entirely gratuiitous, and the case of Lord ERsxmE was unfortunate, as that noble lord was a Scotchman, and might be supposed to be acquainted with the law of his own country. Witlh regard to English lawyers, however, it was notorious that a knowledge of Scotch law was indispensable for all who wished to rise to the highest eminence; and so well was this understood that Scotch law agents did not hesitate to retain members of the English bar to conduct their causes in preference to their own countrymen. After some observations fronthe Duke of ARtGY; and Lord WIxcow, Lord CA43ipBmL explained to the House the position which Lord WENVSLEYDALE would fill in consequence of the refusal of the Government to create him an hereditary peer. 'With regard to the appellate jurisdiction of the House he would venture to say tlhat during the nine years during which he had devoted himself to the discharge of judicial duties justice was as efficiently adniinistered in their Lordshipse House as in any court in Vestminster-hall. The Marquis of LASSDOWTE gave his support to the bill, but remarked that the resolution of the House which excluded Lord WENSLEYDAE was only an expression of opinion, and could not have the force of an act of Parliament. Lord FxTzwiLrA expressed his opinion that the House had got into a difficulty from wlhich it could not be extricated by the present bill. Lord GRANVILLE admitted the difficulty, but hoped the case of the House was not so hopeless as Lord FxIrZWmIAa seemed to suppose. The Government had advised the CROwN to exercise what it considered was a part of the Royal prerogative. A large majority, however, among whom were many noble lords of no particular party, thought differently. The whole matter of the appellate jurisdiction was then considered, he was bound to say, in no party spirit, and the result had been the present measure, which tended to remedy an acknowledged evil-the weakness of the appellate jurisdiction of the House. The Government had thought it desirable to come to a satisfactory arrangement of the question in dispute, but it did this without admitting that it was wrong in the course it had originally proposed, and still less that anyresolution of the House could bind the CRoww. Lord DERBY acknowledged the spirit of fairness in which the Government had acted throughout this discussion. The bill then passed through committee, and their Lordships adjourned, after disposing of the other orders of the day. The Commons did not make a House.
We have received fresh intelligence from the United States as to the progress of Ministerial opinion and resolution with reference to this country, and are sorry to find that the prospects of a settlement of the dispute seem more remote than ever. We fear that the letter notifying to this Government the dismissal of Mr. Cpuro2 may be every day expected in England. This event, which, seen through the mist of the future, was calculated to inspire the most gloomy apprehensions, seems to have lost a little of its magnitude as it comes nearer, and to be, after all, a not unendurable evil. Considering how much we have already borne-how we have apologized and re-apologized-how we have offered to refer our case to arbitration, and submitted to see that arbitration refused-how we have argued, expostulated, and remonstrated, and all to no purpose, we may well allow this incident to pass over with the rest. We have, at any rate, in this case the melancholy satisfaction that we are able to make a complete reprisal, and that a fortnight after Mr. CRAurro.N has ceased to represent us at Washington Mr. DAlLAS will no longer exercise his functions as Representative of the tUnited States at the Court of St. James. There will, however, be this remarkable difference between the two cases,-that air. DAzas has been treated with all respect, while Mr. C3tPAow will be ordered to leave the territory of the Union after having endured more than probably any British Representative in any foreign Court during the present century has been called upon to submit to. Not only has Mr. Cn'row been subjected to a virtnal trial in the persons of MIessrs. HERTz and ST.RoBEL, whose veracity he has publicly cand solemnly disputed, apparently not without vory sufficient reason, but a new method of annoyance has been discovered, by which it is sought not merely to give a colour to his dismissal, but to affix an indelible stain on a hitherto spotless character, and to send our Minister back to England not only dismissed, but dearadedl Mvr CRASpToON has advisedly stated in his letters to Lord CLARE NDox that Mr. CrAiTow, M r. M%-&cy, and Mr. CASS have severally admitted to him that Ruatan is an undoubted British possession, with which America has not the slightest claim to iaterfere. This staterment is metwith denials more or less earnest from the different persons implicated by it. But, besides these, evidenoe is now produceed that AMr. C A3"ow has himself admitted the falsehood of his own statements. What answer our Mlinister may be able to make to these accusations we do not know. In the meantime, it seems very difficult to believe that a man of experience and ability should make deliberately and advisedly official statements which he has felt himself, subsequently, when challenged, obliged to withdraw. Here are Mr. CRAMPToN's Own word3 in the very last letter of the blue-book on Central Armerica :-.- It will be within your Lordship's " recollection that MIr. CI&vTOrN was informed Xby Sir HmNpY BULwER, before the treaty of 1850 was signed, that Ruatan was de jure and de facto a British possession; and Mr. C ToYTox has on variolis occasions since, in " conversation with me, stated that he considered " Ruatan as much a British possession as Jamsaica "or any other Britifh West -fndiaT islaud.'" It seems incredible that such a statement can have been disavowed so soon after it was made, and under circumstances so critical, and yet this is now the accusation which is pressed against Mllr. CnAarPTON, and which we have reason to believe the United States' Ministry intends to support. We must hear both sides before we condemn any one, but to us it certainly loo7ks as if, the attempt to injure Mr. CRAsirrow by the evidence of HmRTz and SraoB3EL having failed, some new device was to be hit upon in order to justify, in the eyes of the Ainerican people, the determination of the Government by some means or another to remove the Representative of Great Britain. At any rate, if Mr. CRAnAsToN only remains atWashington to be held uptothe American people as a man perpetually striving to undermine them by intrigue or traduce them by calumny; if an institution introduced and devised in the interests of peace is to be perverted for the purposes of mutual irritation and recrimination, it would seem far better that, for a time at least, diplomatic intercourse should cease, and, at any rate, that this ground of offence should be taken away from . between us. The American Government is doing its utmost to reconcile us to the impending dismissal of our Minister, and to convhice us that his absence, however much to be regretted in ordinary times, is now a less evil and danger than his remaining in a place where offence seems so sure to be given and taken. Something more, apparently, than the denunciations of their Government, the debates of their Senate, and the accusations of their press, is necessary to convince the American people that they have fallen into the hands of men who are embarldng on wvid and dangerous courses, with no fixed object but their own immediate popularity, with no faxed principle but their re-election to office. It has become so entirely a part of the American practice-at least, of the practice of those possessed of cuiltivated minds and considerable properties-to stand aloof from the fierce struggles of politics, and to leave the game to be fought out by more ignoble hands, that they seem to have extended to foreign relations the same apathy which they exercise with regard to domestic affairs, and to feel great surprise that any one should think of treating their Government as the real and efficient exponent of the national will, instead of some fortuitous agglomeration of atoms whirled together by the inexorable vortex of party and political necessities, and possessing no other object in common than the desire to retain the prize they have won at whatever cost, and by whatever means. This view of their Govermment is repeatedly presented to us by educated Americans, and we are desired to turn from the violence of popular leaders and scheming politicians to the opinion of those great classes who comprise the wealth, the respectability, and the equilibrium of the nation. All we can say is, that we have waited and appealed in. vain; that step after step has the Government of General PiERcz advanced in its career of violence and aggression, while no voice has been raised, no hand stretched out, to arrest a course so full of danger and discredit. America will not submit to arbitration, because she is determined to seizeNicaragua whether the true terms of the CIArToN treaty authorize the seizure or not, and every advance we make is sure to be met in a spirit which seeks grounlds for provocation out of every effort to conciliate. From the people of America, in whose name these things are done, but with whose consent and assent we firmly believe they are not done, we seek for aid in vain. They give their Government but little support, but they do nothing to control it, and by their Constitution they are unable to remove it. Under these circumstances, we can only reiterate the suggestions we have made before-that we should avoid all occasions of offence, withdraw all wpoints of contact, restrict ourselves within our own rights, and wait with patience to see whether the objects of the American Government may not be satisfied by something short of the last extremity.
The House of Lords was engaged last night in getting through committee its compromise on the question of Life Peerages. As might be expectedc from the nature of the transaction, the tone of the debate was rather surreptitious. One after another, their Lordships intimated that they would have said more if they could; but it was understood that the question of the Royal prerogative was to be let alone, and the present discussion confined to theprovisions of thebill. The object forwhich the British House of Peers submits to this grave and evidently painful taciturnity is the preservation of its appellate jurisdiction. That is believed to be a most important function of thePeerage, necessary to the credit and even the v itality of the House. Of course, this does not mean that a few hundred Peers, more or less, are more respected because they sit as judges over the heads of every Court in this realm, including the LoRD CHAcELLoit himself in his own court; nor does it mean that the House of Lords, in its aggregate sense, is believed to lay down the law better than the C ourt of Chancery, or that it performs its political duties better for having them associated with judicial duties. There is absolutely no reasonable account of the matter that does not disappear into smoke the instant it is examined. No bubble ever blown up with a tobacco-pipe out of soapsuds was more unsubstantial, intangible, and fleeting than any theory of the appellate jurisdiction of the British House of Lords. The credit their Lordships got by it is pretty much that which the Consul Bmnurxs got by being the colleague of CQsA, and having his name associated with a man whom he scarcely ventured to lock in the face. The real court of *final appeal in this coiuntry consists of a certain small and fluctuating body of legal Peers, recruited occasionally from the profession, and recruited not enough for the law, too much for the Peerage. That is tie real thing. The fiction, or rather the farce, is that this body is identified with the House of Peers. To maintain the absurd fiction it occasionally requires a " lay figuire," in the ahapc of a lay Peer, to take a part, or rather a place, at its sittings. The dummy is not permitted to open its mouth, or do anything whatever,-of course not to vote. WVhen one dummy is tired another dummy is put into its place; and if the trial lasts several days there may be several of these unfortunates employed in succession. Should the subject be an interesting one, other Peers may attend from harmless curiosity, just as there were Peers at the Old Bailey to hear PARm's trial. But they no more venture to speak in the Court of Appeal than in the Central Criminal Couxnt. Had Lord DEhmaY, or any other lay Peer, got up at the Old Bailey and intimated to Lord OArx3rBELL his opinion on a point of law raised ty the counsel he would have received a very severe rebuke. So, also, he would in the socalled House of Peers while the Court of Appeal is sitting. -And it is the object of the bill discussed last night in the Iords to keep up the delusionthough it is not worthy of the name of delusionthbat the House of Lords is the Court of Appeal. Such is the object and nature of the compromise which put everybody on every side in so odd a position-last night in the Lords. In order to persuade the country that two things really different and repugnant are the same,-in order to malke them reflect upon one another the false light of u fictitious identity,-to make the Court of Appeal seem inoble and the House of tords loolk useful,-the country is to submit to a compromise, in which the country, the SOVEP.EIGG, and the interests of justice are put entirely out of the question. The prerogative of the CRow.1T is to be gratuitously limited by an enactment which, fohile it gives HIUR MJESrY the power of creating four life Peers, and four only, from a certaiii 1Iofc§tion and under particular circumstane*g, *Irtually declares that she may make only four lifo Peers, only from one profession, and only unlder particular circumstances. These men arc to bo called Deputy-Speakers,-a farcical name for a farcical thing, for they are not intended to be Speakers for the House of Lords, though they may occasionally act as such, but simplyto eke out tho Court of.Appeal. Further to keep up the fiction, as it is commonly said that one untruth requires another, and that wihen you have committed yourself to an absurdity you must carry it out, the projected compromise creates the new absurdity that the supposed House of Lords may sit in the vacation, or any time of the year. The country tolerates a good many legal and constitutional fictions because they are old and have worked after a fashion for ages, and because our forefathers are tlherefore responsible for them. But the ingenious legislators who patched up this bill want England in the latter half of the 19th century to originate a new fiction,-the House of Lords sitting all through the year, consisting of two old lawyers, called Deputy-Speakers, not because they may speak on any other subject than law, but because one of them is supposed to lead the House, consisting of himself and another Deputy-Speaker. Finaly, to sustain this imposture, and carry out this new developnent of it, for this House of Lords, sitting in the long vacation, consisting of two Judges, with the names of Deputy-Speakers, deputies for nobody, and speaking only about the law to tho suitors, counsel, and witnesses, the country is caLed on to pay 10,0001. a-year in salaries, and nearly as much more in pensions. Whly, for the honour of truth itself, it would be worth the country's while to pay that sum to abolish such a mumnmery as is proposed; but that England should pay so high a price for maling a fool of itself is utterly out of the question. But even as a compromise the bill does not answer its purpose, for it does nothing at a'l except to develope, prolong, and endow an absurdity. It does not touch the serious objection that our Court of Appeal, while it has to sit on Scotch causes, may not contain one lawyer conversant with Scotch law, ancd seldom does contain one. It gives no new solemnity to the Court of Appeal, for that, it seems, would be incompatible with its much more precious attribute, its identity with the House of Lords. It professes not to declarethelaw as to the QuE'Ns power of creating Life Peers, nor yet does it leave that power alone; nor does it preclude dispute in any way whatever. Though there maybe difference of opinion on the existing state of the law, the proposed bill is open Go at least an equal diversity of interpretation. For examnple, Lord REDzsDALZ interpreted, the bill as granting to the Ctowax an extension of prerogative beyond the point defined by the previous resolution. To such extension, however, a limit was placed by the express declaration that not more than four such Peers should be allowed to sit in the House at the same time. Lord ST. LEox_uD?s was of opinion that if the bill passed the COtows would not have the power of granting any other Life Peerages than those to which it especially referred. The LeonD CHcx=oa observed that, if the bill had not been so framed as to leave the Royal prerogative umtouched, there was a manifest defect in the manner of its construction. With this difference already among the doctors, what chance is there of the bill answering its purpose of a compromise ? We are bound to say that the bill does seem to us to declare that the QuX shall not do what we did believe she could; but the LonD CH_e;Ncoo, who believed with us that the Quxxa- could create any reasonable number of Life Peers qualified to sit in Parliament, says that the bill has been framed with a special view to leave the Royal prerogative untouched. Is he right, or is he mistaken ? If the former, it is evident that LordSREDESDALE and ST. LEONAR'S and more than half the Peers are deceived; if the latter, then the compromnise is no compromise at all, but a gross imposition on the person most concerned-the LoRD CHAaSCEL0OR himself-who undertakes to defend HER XAjEsTes power of granting Life Peerages.
Why have liberal statesmen and the platform orators of the old time never a good word for the unhappy little kingdom of Greece, which they called into existence, nursed, coaxed, scolded, punished, and now declare incorrigible? It may be that they have reason for auger and disappointment, but other nations have behaved as ill or worse, and no such peculiar bitternessis observable in the allusions of their former admirers. The fact is, that the fondness of the old Philhellenes is turned into wrath, and the new feeling is as unreasonable as the old one was exaggerated. Thirty years ago the European nations, and of course England more than any, were in a fever of admiration for Greece and the Greeks. In those days travellers were few, and those who detailed their experience of the East seem to have been more than usually superficial and credulous. Hence, when the Greek insurrection broke out, a sentimental excitement at once prevailed in Europe. It was perhaps natural that a noble poet and a great forensic orator should rush enthusiastically into what seemed the cause of an ancient and historic people, struggling against the power of barbarians. It was natural that every day should bring forth verses and orations about Marathon and the Isles of Greece, the world beginning anew with a brighter Eellas, and so on. But that politicians who had cut and carved out kingdoms at Vienna without respect to the commonest rights and feelings should have practically acted on these schoolboy ecstacies is singular enough. Every one is now aware of the real state of the case. The Greels, whether or not they be the descendants of the old Ionians and Dorians, were 30 years ago, as now, a clever, enterprising, restless, fanatical people, intellectually superior to the Turks and the other Rayahs, a-id hating the Mussulmans 'with a deadly hatred. Rich members of the race were to be found in most of the European capitals, and they were ready to encourage any scheme for throwing off the Ottoman yoke. The late Sultan IIMOUD by introducing reforms into his empire had excited the discontent of his own subjects. His Janissaries were in revolt, and his -whole attention was concentrated on one momentous struggle for his life and tlhrone. The insurrection of the Greeks was to himn a matter of secondary importance-he did not appreciate the power of their name and history, and he let matters proceed until the enthusiasm of the Christian nations had made the re-imposition of his authority impossible. The end was the battle of Wavarino, and the establishment of an Hellenic kingdom. This is the kingdom which after nearly 30year3 of trial is said to have proved a failure. Lord PALERnSTOW inveighs against the country and its Sovereign with all the freedom of a non-official orator. The aggression on Turkey, the prevalent brigandage, the original denial of a constitution by the Kuxn, and his subsequent endeavours to nullify that which has been exorted fromn him,-all passed under review. Lord PALMERSTON cannot cherish any hope of improvement in the system of government, and declares that the conduct of the Greek Govermment of late confirms all he may have said in condemnation of it. Now, we cannot b4t rogret this vehemence of reprehension. There has rti;:n of late a cry that it is a pity that Greece *wsui not left to the Turks, and that even now it is not too lato to restore the country to the sove. reignty of AnDUL MIEDJID. Such language is pro3. bly hardly used in earnest, for the re-subjection of a Christian people to Mussulman Pashas would bo a crime in which no thinking man would bear x part. But the future prospects of the Christianraces throughout the East are likely to be compromised when the Paxinun of Great Britain utters suucb invectives against the only State which has achieved its independence. At this time, when the Principalities, Servia, and Montenegro are once more brought into close dependence on the PouRT, such language is singularly inopportune. We think that the evil doings of Greece are somewhat exaggerated. It must be remembered that only a quarter of a century has elapsed since this little State was committed to the rule of an hereditary monarch. It had been constituted by men totally ignorant of the East. Because the country south ofthe gulfs of Arta and Volo had been the old classic Greece, therefore the new kingdom was confined within these boundaries, ar.d several hundred thousand Greeks were left Tnrkish subjects because they dvwelt on the north of an imaginary frontier. The country was for yeats governed by the Germans whom the Ki-G brought with him; they borrowed and spent the money for which Greece is now answerable. The country declared independent is rugged, parched, and barren-it is to Macedonia and Thensaly what Scotland was to England. Numbers of the population are obliged to seek for subsistence throughout the East, or to become sailors; and, indeed, the number of sailors in Greece is larger in proporion to the population than in any country whatever. The large extent of frontierinhabited by a lawless race, and the mountainous character of the country, favour the brigandage which prevails everywhere throughout Southern Europe, and which it would take a stronger Government than that either of OTrO or the SU-rTAN to suppress at once. But if Greece be judged by what it has done, and not by what it has failed to do, there is no reason to believe that extraordinary objurgations are merited. The people have advanced in education more rapidly than in any European country; they have founded universities and schools which give instruction to almost the entire population; the commerce of the eountry increases every year, and almost the whole carrying trade of the East is in the hands of the Hellenes. Bad as the government of the KING may have been, we should be sorry to see any measures taken which should compromnise the future permanent independence of the country. There is reason to believe that the accounts of brigandage are much exaggerated. It is well known that ia some regions, and especiaUly in Thessaly, the freebooter has existed from time immemorial. But the two Governments of the SuLrT and King OrHo concluded a treaty last year which will probably suppress the most important brigandage -that on the frontier. The Klephts may be pursued by the troops of either State to a certain distance across the boundary, and an act of robbery committed in either State may be punished in the other. It is said that this treaty is working well, and that there is every hope of the tranquillization of the frontier. At any rate, when we remember 'what Greeca is by nature-what was the state of its people 30 years ago-what have been the blunders, the rivalries, the perversity of the protecting Powers, and the character of the Government they instituted and upheld, we may well wonder to see the Greels as successful as they are. ling Orno may be no high-minded politician, but he certainly received an indifferent education in contemplating for years the intrigues of France ar-d England for what is called "influence" athis petty Court. The Greelsmay not have done all that was expected by enthusiasts who talked about the descendants of i\TLiDEs, but they have improved far mnore than any sensible man could have expected, and when they are compared with any other people in the East they rnay be said to have achieved wonders. No temporary vexation then, however justly founded, should induce a people like the English to judge without considerationt in such a subject, nor does it become a statesman to seek applause by echoing the hastr criticisms of t:he day.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. TM ANr!l The Moniteur of yesterday has the following: " The Emperor left Dijon on the moniing of the 2d inst., at 7 o'clocl; almid the cheers of the crowd which thronged the streets, from his hotel to the railway station. "His Majesty, accompanied by the Minister of Agricultare, Commerce, and Pnblic Works, by his Excellency Marshal Count de Castellane, by Senator Vaisse, charged with the administration of the department of the RhOne; by Generals Nuel and Fieury, Aides-dc-Camp; and by the Marquis de Paysegur, Ordnance-officer to fs Majesty; by the Director-General of Roads and Railways, and by the engineers on duty, left the Hotel de rEarope on horseback about half-past 11, to visit those parts Of the town which had sutffered most from the inundation. " His Majesty, at a foot pace, passed through the Place Bellecour, the rme Imperiale, Morancd-bridge and road, itou-road, the Charpennes district, the first inundated by the waters. His Majesty visited the breaches made in the two Rhone dykes through which the river burst. Tha Emperor continued his inspection tbrough the avenue de Same, the Lafayette road, and the Bourbon road, as far as the Guillotiere mayoralty. "' The Emperor had more than once during this long excursion to ford the roads still under water. lt was a great and a touching sight to see the inhabitants standing on their ruined homes cheering and loudly expressin- their gratitude forthegenerous thoughtwhich had brougit is Majesty among them. "The shouts of 'Vzirc FEnmptrcur' were incessant, a::d seemed to increase as he proceeded. The houses were instantly decorated with flags. His Majesty, much moved, distributed in person aid to the sufferers by the inundations who crowde Iaround him. " His Majesty then visited the camp at Sathonay. " The Emperor was to leave for Valence at 7 o'clock ort the morning of the 3d. " The Emperor handed to the Senator charged with the administration of the department of the Rhone the sum ot 100,000f. from his private purse, to be distributed among the poor families who had suffared most by the inundation. "His Majesty sent the sum of 25,ODOf. to the Prefect of the IsZre, to be given to the safferers in that department'
LI -T-GEx.-MRAL MACDo AiD, . C .-Aocounts have been received of tho death of Lieutasant. General Macdonald, C.B., of the Royal Artiery. He died at Aim-la- Chapelle on Saturday, the 31st of May. The re. cord of his services tells the story, and no inglorious one, of his life. He wras present at the capture of the Cape of Goo4 Hope in 1806, and proceeded thence on the expedition to Buenos Ayres, where he vws twice severely weunded ancl taken prisoner. He served in the Peninsula and south of Trance from June, 1809, to July, 1814, including the battle4 of the Coa and Busaco, affairs of Rledinha, Pombel, Condeixa, and Foz d'Arouce; battles of Fuentes d'Onor and Salainanca, affair of San Muno, ba'tle of Vittoria, siege oE San Sebastian, battles of the Pyreneer, affairs of the (Gave d'Oleron and Aire, and. battle of Toulouse. Ho also sorved the campaign of 181o, including the battle of Waterloo (where hewas severely wou.rded), and capture of Paris. Hie received the silver war medal with eight clasps He was the younger brother of the late LieutenantGenera Sir John Ilacdonald, G.C.B., who died while holding the office of Adjutant-General to the army. NSTIM&TION TO SUIOICDE.;-Yestcraay 3)r. Carter concluded an adjourned coronet's inqueat at the Eight Bells, Cross-street, Blackfriars, respecting the death of a womAr4 whosenamewas unknown. Theparticulrs ofthecase ap. raredinour police re.ort under the head of 1nsion. ouse a few days ago. rom the evidence given ye;terday, it apeared that tho deceawed had jumped from London, brige into the Thames on the morning of the 27th ult. She was with a man named William May, and one of the 'witnesaes heara the man say, "Jump over, and T will fol. low you" The deceaved did so, and was drowned. She was intoxicated at the time. The jury returued the follow. ing verdict:-" That the de-eI woman committed ut act of fcZo de se, and that Wfl4jgg May wM an aider e4zI ivettor to the nt."
TEE AGRIC1JLTURAL SHOW AT PARIS. fr3oi 0X7 AGRICULTURAL VORSPONDfIZ.) me foUowrisg appeared in our second odition of yes. ber"v:-i PARIS, JUXE 2. This greatlnternationalExihibition opetied yesterday at the Palace of Industry. The weather having as last become fine, and the day being Sunday, crowds of Parisians visited it. Nothing can exceed the excellence of the arrangements for the convenience of the public, and never before have the domestic animals of any country been so magnificently lodged. Beneath the entire range of the galleries of the palace the space is divided into rows of stalls running from the centre to the side, and every breed of cattle exhiJited is placed under its distinctive appellation in the compartnient allotted to the nation -whence it comes. The galleries are occupied with specimens of the vegetable and mineral products of every region of the earth, and with the smaller agricultural implements of those countries in which the makers thought they could conitribute something creditable to themselves in this department of the Exhibition. The great central space of the palace, instead of being crammed with sheep and pigs, as in our country it would most likely have been, has been laid out with surpassing taste as a magnificent lower garden, through which the spectator may wander at his leisure when tired of the grosser specjacle wvhich he has come to visit. Here wvalks wind amuong banks of flowvers through the green turf which forms the carpet of the buildirg, specimens of various vegetables being pleasingly and yet not too prominently shown, by being laid here and there along the grass, while sparklingfountains give a coolfreshness to the scene, though even they are rendered tubsidiary to the grand object of the Exhibition, by being made to faL into basins, partitioned off, to show how fish as well as cattle may be artifi-cially reared. Outside of the building, under paTallel rows of sheds, (the simple construction of the roof of which is of itself an instructive -study to farm architects,) the various breeds of -sheep, pigs, and poultry are ranged, while rows of agricultural engines form an object of attraction to the country people, who have hitherto been accustomed to the simpler tools of a more primitive -agriculture. As a whole, we can safely say that 'this "'Universal Agricultural Concouse " far sur- excellence and interest anything of this description that has ever been assembled together, and affords an opportunity for comparison of the most sefulkind between the a,gricultural progress and production,s of various countries, which is not less instructive to the statesman than to the agriculturist. The Jurors, who comprise the most eminent scientific and practical farmers from the different countries of Europe, assembled on Wednesday in their various rooms, and, after subdividing into sections, proceeded to examine and decide upon the premiums to be awarded. So extensive is the collection that this duty has occupied several days, and in -some caseshasnot yet terminated. The prizes offered by the Emperor are numerous and liberal, but the distinction of gaining a prize in a competition with all Europe is proportionately appreciated. Vhile the various foreign breeds of cattle exhibit many points of interest, we think it will be generally ad3mitted, even here, that the British farmer may benefit both himself and his neighbour by giving much to his foreign competitor, but cannot improve his own stock by taking much from him. With the exception of the large Ilemish, and some of the Norman cows, which, by crossing with the short-horns, mright, we think, make an excellent milk stock for the supply of towns, there is not another breed shown which would improve ours. The Charrolaise, which last year ex-cited so much attention, do not quite come up to their former reputation. There is one peculiarity about them all,-they handle better than they look, EO that an Englishman ought not to draw his coneclusions too hastily from the rather hard outline, to which his eye has not yet become familiarized. -The fact is, that with the foreigner meat is not so highly -valued as in England, and the properties which he has been accustomed to connect with en-. cellence in a breed of cattle are capacity for yielding milk and as beasts of burden. In Heidelberg we hlave seen a team of milk cows drawing a waggonload of wood for sale up and dlown the steep streets, and stopping here and there to be milked, as a customer appeared. What would Mlr. Towvnley - say to such a use of his short-horns, or 3Ir. George Turner to such an abuse of his D)evons'? But from this different way of looking at the same animal has arisen the only difference of opinion we have heard among the judges, and to which it is necessary to refer, as some of our best breeders are lk-ely to feel considerable dissatisfaction with several -of the decisions. The jury on the British breeds comprised a majority of foreigners, several of whom could not be brought to appreciate the pecuiliar qutalities of our different races of cattle, the short-horns for beef, the Ayrshire for milk-. The public will, to some extent, go with the opinion entertained by those who object to excessive fat, and who will give no prize to any cow which does not show milking properties. ln so far, indeed, as it is a cheek to this over-fattening propensity the decision of the majority of the judges will do good, but they seem to have carried out their principle without due discrimination, having applied the same test of judgment to breeds -of totally distinctive characteristics. The followers of the Genon theory (which seems to be much appreci- atedonthe continent)couldseeno'encellenceinashort- horn bull, however otherwise shapely, that had not a particular twist of the hair under its tail; or in an Ayrshire cow, known to be an excellent pail-filler, unless she possessed certain " lines" on her hindquarters, which M. Genon declares indispensable to a milker. It must be obserived that each breed of animals is not put into competition with' other breeds, and the comparison is not made to ascertain which is the best animal of all breeds, but shorthorns are tried against short-horns, Charrolaise ngainst Charrolaise, Swiss against Swiss. There is, therefore, much force in the complaint of the English judges, that foreign gentlemen who were imacquainted with the peculiar excellencies of the English breeds should have felt themselves called lupon to decide by a majority against the unanimous opinion of those who must be admitted to have been most competent to form a correct judgment. On one point, at any rate, there was unanimity, and that was in giving the first prize to MIr. Townley's short-horn bull. Of the foreign animals the best we saw vere three native ahort-horns, bred in France from English stock. The prizes have not yet been declared, but many of our principal breeders stand well on the prize list. The bieeds of English stock which make the princiPal show are short-horns, or Durhams, Ayrshire, and polled Angus and Galloways. Of the Devon breed there are only seven specimnens, and of the Hereford (now one of the best breeds in England) only four. The first prize of l,OOOf. is taken worthily by Afr. Townley's bull Mlaster Butterfly ; the second bv Mr. Sadler's bull, and the third by Lord Clancarty's bull, Pro Bono Publico. Lord Feversham, who took the highest prize in this class last year, has been less fortunate on this occasion, though we think tihe bull he shows this year has been placed below its merits. But the greatest dissatisfaction we hear has been expressed at the decision which excludes a very fine cow of Mr. Douglas, of East Lothian breed, which, to an English eye, undoubtedly deserved a better place. Mr. Fisher Eobbs tak-es a prize in the Herefords, MIr. George Turner as usual in the Devons, Mr. Hugh Kirkwood and Sir Michael Shaw Stewart in Ayrshires, Mr. Allan Pollok in several breeds and classes, and Mr. LrConxbie in polled Angus. Mr. Jonas Webb is, we hear. successful in everything he has shown, both South Down sheep and short-horned cattle. His shadow never seems to get less, and his pre-eminence as a sheep-breeder commands the willing assent of all. If decorations are to be given to any exhibitor on the present occasion, there is no one on -whom such a distinction could be more worthily conferred. Paris is thronged. with visitors, and the show has been filled to-day with crowds. Among those present from our own country were 1Mr. Evelyn IDenison, Sir M. S. Stewart, Sir J. Elphinstone, Lord Clancarty, Lord Feversham, Lord Erne, Lord Talbot de Malahide, SirW. Gibson Craig, Mr. Hall Maxwell Mlr. Hudson, of Castleacre, Mir. riiher Hobbs, 14r. Jonas Webb, Mr. George Turaer, and many other well-]Mown agriculturists.
FRANOR I (FRoM OUR OWN OORPPONDMT.) rJUU;5, X.ONDAY, JuTN 2, 6 P.W. The project of law intended to be laid before the new Chambers in Belgium, in pursuance of the engagement given by the Government, applies to threeI9things in particular,--viz., the stamp, the signing the article with the author's name, and the power given to the la-v officers of the Crown to institute proceedings without the necessity of a previous demand from a foreign Government. P'rince Oscar of Sweden left this morning for Hav-re. He visits Cherbourg and Brest, and returns to Paris on Saturday. The Emperor left St. Cloud yesterday, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, in an open carriage drawn by post horses, and without any escort. His Majesty wvas accompanied by several officers of his household. At 25 minutes past 2 he left for Lyons by a special train. The Emperor travels incog. He was dressed in the uniform of a General Officer, and wore a kepi. The E mperor entered Lyons this morning at halfpast 10 o'clock, amid the enthusiastic acclamations of the entiue population. His Majesty immediately repaired to the points threatened with inundation. The waters of the Rhone fell nearly three feet between yesterday noon and 6 o'clock this morning. Those of the Saone were likewise declining. The Legislative Corps has voted a sum of 2,000,000f. for the victims of the inundations. The accounts given by the provincial journals of the foods in different parts of the country are most afflicting. At Lyons the Saone has not yet reached a greater height than it had done ten days ago, but the Rhone has risen above the level which it at. tained in 1840 and 1851. The Guilloti4re, the Brotteaux, as far as Villeurbane and La Mouche, are all under wate3r, and can only be reached by boats or in carriages. In the city the gaHlery of the H6tel Dieu, the Place Bellecour, a great part of the Place de la Charit6, and all the adjoining streets, are completely Ilooded, and can only be approached by boats. At the Qttai de la Charite two steamers are moored, with their steam up, ready for any emergency. All the line of the quays on the right bank, from the Pont Morand to that of the H6tel Dieu, is covered with water. On the left bank, the top of the Quai d'Albret is only a few inches above the level of the river. A nuniber of soldiers are at work at the head of this quay throwing up embankrnents to protect the new works of defence which are in course of construction. All the embank;nents further up the river have as yet resisted the pressure of the torrent, but great fears are entertained that they will not stand if the rush of water continues. At St. Clair the walls of a house have been undermined, and the buildingl fallen down. One woman was severely wounded, and was conveyed to the HI6tel Dieu. At the Quarantaine several walls of gardens have been washed down. An immense quantity of building timber has come floating down the river, and also a number of sleepers, which must have been washed away from the railwayin construction from Lyons to Geneva. At St. George an enormous mass of ground, trees, and stones fell down on the back of a house in the street of that name, the walls of which were considerably damaged. The inhabitants were able to escape without injury. About half-past I on Saturday the dike of the Grand Champ gave way to the extent of 150 yards. Eleven hundred men belonging to the army of Lyons were at work near the fort which is being constructed there, and they were thus cut off, the water having formed a complete lake round the place. Information of the event was sent to Marshal de Castellane, who immediately went towards the place, and gave orders for organizing means of bringing them off by boats. Report3 were at one time in circulationl that a great number of soldiers had been drowned, but those rumours happily turned out to be anfounded. The fort of La Vitriolerie has been flooded, and has been evacuated by the soldiers. The traffic on the Mediterranean and St. Etienne railways continues interrupted. The line of electric telegraph wires has been cut off. The road from Lyons to Geneva is broken up in several places. It was reported that the Lake of Geneva had overflowed its banks and caused considerable damage. At Rochecardon a mill has been carried away. At Valence the Rhione covers all the lower parts of the town. Vizile and Bourg d'Oisans are also inundated. At Vienne all the manufactories in the subuirbs are stopped by the places being inundated. At Tournon most of the streets are impassable, except by boats. At Avignon the Ile de la Barthelasse, the quays, and the low streets are all under water. The river Romanesche has overflowed its banks and inundated all the plains; several bridges have been washed away. The Iscre, the Gier, the Cher, the Loire, the Loiret, and all the rivers leading into them, have also broken over their banks, and indeed the same account is given from almost every part of the country. The Messager duI Midi states that the fountain de Vaucluse presents at this time the most magnificent sight, from the great increase of its waters. It is now a complete river, and has for some time past attracted a number of persons to the spot. The Lyons journals received this day continue to give the most heartrending accounts of the progress of the inundations. Above are giventhe principal details of the appearance of things on the morning of the 31st ult., but unfortunately they were far below the reality. When the dike of the Tete d'Or, nearthe Grand Champ, gave way, the water covered the east plains with great rapidity. The tocsin was sounded in all the surrounding villages to give the alarm. lany persons were surprised in their sleep, and could only save themselves, half-dressed, bywading through the water, leaving all their property to the mercy of the flood. Many were compelled to remain in their houses, and wait until assistance could be brought to them. The embankment thrown up to the north of the Brotteaux protected the chemin de n oizde in that direction, but a little further to the east the water broke furiously through a breach into that part called La Petite Californie,beb in dthe Prd-aux-Clercs, and through the Rue Massena the water rushed like a cataract. The establishment of the Petites Sceurs des Pau'vres was inundated, and it was found necessary to remove all its inmates to the H6tel Dieu in waggons. The directors of the Maison du Saint-Enfant Jesus brought out their children one by one on their backs, and the sick were laid on mattresses and placed on rafts hastily made for the purpose, and thus carried to a place of safety. At every moment boats and omnibuses might be seen setting down their freiglits at the H8tel deVille and in the Cours Morand, which remained clear of the water, and where an liumense number of persons passed the remainder of the night. Some of them had been able to save a few clothes, but most of them had only what they stoodup in, and those were drenched with water. It appears impossible to folm any correct idea of what accidents have taken place, nor can it be correctly ascertained until the water shall have subsided, and traffic be once more free. At the Brotteaux several houses were washed down before the inhabitants could be got out. At Charpennes a man, his wife, and their child were bturied beneath the ruins of their house. A boat, with several persons who had been saved from a house, upset, and all were drowned. The Rhone is constantly bringing down furniture, cattle, and sheep. Many small houses, built of framework and brick, have been washed away bodily from their foundations at the Brotteaux, and are seen floating about withthe current. The Grande Rue de Ia Guillotiere has the appearance of a regular river. The high bank used as the Polygone at the Grand Champ has entirely disappeared. Three of the Rhone steamers broke from their moorings and were dLiven down the river. The current fortunately carried them into tne river Oullins, where they were brought up by letting go their anchors. The traffic on the Mediterraean - Pailway has been re-established. The above details relate almost entirely to the Rhone. The Saone haa also risen, but up to the present time ts progress has been trifling compared with that of the other river. Accounts from Valence state that although the rise of the Rhone has not completely stopped, it does not advance so rpidly : I I i i i I before. The quays and the low parts of the town are comPletely inundated, and in many of the streets leading to the quays the water in the ground floors is six feet deep. All the Plaine des Granges presents the appearance of an immense lake. The river is constantly seen bringing down trees, which have been torn up by the roots, cattle, furniture, and a quantity of other articles. Three large barges, laden with coal, which were moored to the quay at Valence, were washed away by the rapidity of the current, and all of them sank at some distance down the river. One man was drowned. At La Paillasse the Veoure has broken over its banaks and caused considerable mischief. The towns of Tain and Tournon are completely underwater from the overflowing of the Rhone, and Mlontelimart is threatened with a similar fate. The small river Morgon, which passes through Villefranche, and afterwards falls into the Saone, has become a complete torrent, and, having risen above the arches of the bridge, which still stands firm, has overflowed the banks, and many of the houses have their cellars and ground floors under water. The Allier, the Doubs, and the Loiret, with all their tributary streams, continue to rise and inundate all the surroundinoe country, but the Loire, the Garonne, and the (her have, it is hoped, reached their utmost height, and in manypartshave begunto fall. On Saturday the Emperor and Empress paid a visit to the Palace of the Exhibition about 4 o'clock, when the jurors had just finished their labours. Their Moajesties made a minute inspection of the animals in the principal buildings of the palace. They appeared to take g,reat interest in the different breeds exhibited, and were most courteous in their demeanourtowards all connected vith the Exhibition, and those in charge of the animals. It is thought that on an early day they will repeat their Visit, and inspect the other animals, viz., sheep, pigs, poultry, &c., as well as the very interesting collectioi, of implements, seeds, roots, and the various productions in the galleries. Every department of the show-yard was complete, and the effect of the whole tasteful and imposing. The following is the text of the letter vhich the Emperor of the French has written to the Bishops to invite them to attend the baptism of the Iuperial Prince-- "sMonsieur I'Ev:que de-,We shall go ourselves to present our son for baptism in the Church of Notre Dame of Paris on Saturday, the 14th of June. It has seemed to us that the clergy of France, associated in the joys of the country as in our hopes, ought to be represented by their first pastors on this solemn occasion. We are assared besides that the episcopacy will be happy to unite their prayers to the wislhes expressed in the name of the common Father of the faithful, and to assist on this occasion the representative of His Holiness Pope Pius IX. We desire, therefore, Monsieur l'Evaque, that you will come to Paris to attend the ceremony of the bap. tism of the Prince Imperial. This letter having no other object, we pray God to have yoi. in His holy keeping. Given at the Palace of St. Cloud, the 18th of May. " NAPOLEON." Commercial affairs in Paris continue to be checked by the weather, as well as by the high price of provisions. The Parisian manufacturers, however, have received fresh orders, and are busily at work. The accounts from the provincial industrial districts are less favourable. Rouen and Mulhouse have still on hand the goods and other stock they generally dispose of in May for the fair of Beaucaire. Only a few of the itinerant dealers who usually attend that fair have as yet come forward, and they demand a reduction in prices, which the manufacturers cannot grant. No decision has yet been adopted with regard to the concession of the Transatlantic lines, of which the Rothschild company is still likely to become -the successful contractors. The Governmentj has resolved to remedy an abuse, repeatedly complained of by the English and American captains tradingwthHavre. There are but nine naval brokers or interpreters licensed in that port. Their number has not varied since 1776, and is consequently out of all proportion 'with the wants of navgation and the progress of trade. Of these only four are authoried to translate the English language, and to serve the EBnglish and American vesselsthat arrive there. The AmAerican captains, annoyed at the great loss of time, and the difflculties and vexations they were constantly exposed to, lately addressed a petition to the Emperor, who, finding their grievances well founded, ordered M. Ronher, IMinister of Public WorksandCommerce,to lose no time in redressing them. By His Majesty's directions, the number of interpreters has already been increased at Marseilles, Bordeaux, and Nantes, and a similar measure will shortly put an end to the inconveniences the English and American captains have to suffer from the coalition formed by the Havre brokers. Among the industrial projects to which the peace has given rise is the " International Company of Credit Houller et M6tallurgique," formed of most respectable men in England, France, and Belgium, for the purpose of working the coal,iron, and other mines of France, establishing foundries, forges, &c., opening credit and current accounts, on deposit of securities or the consignment of ore, metals, or coal, &c. The rise in the price of grain made no pro-ress during the week. Thefirst fouar days having Ceen comparatively fine, rates receded, and the best quality of flour fell from 92£ and 93!. to 89f. 50c. and 90f. The rain, however, having set in on Thursday, and continued without ceasing until Sunday, prices recovered the ground they had lost. It appears, however, that the injury experienced by the crops is not general, and that the disasters principally caused by inundations are confined to certain localities. In all the parts that have not been flooded the wheat presents a fair promise. In the departments of the north, in Beauce and Brie the fields offer an appearance of rich luxuriance, and the first rays of the sun will remove every apprehension. The sale of cattle was slow and difficult this week at Sceaux, Poissy, and La Chapelle, and rates somewhat declined. The wine market at Bercy was calm, owing to advices from the vine districts stating that the injury done by the frost in the begeinning of May had been greatly exaggerated. The price of brandy is stationary. British spirits maintain their favour. The quantity imported into France last March amounted to 4,641 hectolitres. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 75f. 4O" for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per' Cents. at 95f 15c.; and the New Loan at 74f. 65c.; Orleans Railw'ay Shares, 1,455f.1; Great Northern, 1,152f. 50c.; Strasburg, 1,000f.; New Shar, 905f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,545f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,7T8f.; Western of France, 967f.Oc.; Bordeau and, Cette, 810f.; Great Centra of France, T15f.; Lyons and Geneva, 8356S; Bank of Cr&lit M&obilier, 1,907f. 50Oe.; AutinRall waGys, 935!. Cours Authentique.-PARIS, June 2.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 80c. 75c. 50c. ; Four per Cents., 82f. ; Threoper Cents., 74f. 50c. 40c. 35c. 30c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 74f. 75c. 45c.; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 74f. 75c. 45c.; Bank of France, 4,150f.; Cr&lit Foncier, 705f. 700F. ex div.; ditto Obligations of 500!., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., 87f.! 5c.- Credit Mobilier, 1,9.1,910f. 1,907£ 50c. Doon bank, 700f.; Pied msontese Five per Cents.,93f.; ditto Three per Cents., 60f. 45c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 92; iRomans, 871Spanish Tbree per Cents., 464; ditto Interior Debt, 43;6i 45. Exchange on L.ondon, at sight, money, 25!. 35c.; three months, paper, 25!£ 5c.; money, 2£5. AUSTRTA, (sT-Osr OUR owUR con EsPONDniT.) VIENN'A, MAY 30. On his way from Warsaw to Berlin, vi4 Szakova and Myslovitz, the Emperor Alexander had to pass through a part of the Austrian teritory. On his arrival at the frontiers Bi, Majesty was received with considerable ceremony by a few Austrian eniPloy's and a company of soldiers; but hewas probably offended that no person of superior rank had been sent by this Court to meet him, as he continued his journey to the Prussian frontier without delay. Nearly two months since you learnt from me, on Russian authority, that Baron Budberg was to be the successor of Prince Gortschakoff at this Court; but the relations between the St. Petersburg and Vienna Governments are at present so extremely cool that the post of Russian Ambassador at this Court is likely to remain vacant for some time to come. M. de Balabine, the Russian Charg6 d'Affaires, servilely imitates Count Orloff, inasmuch as he is attentive and complaisant to the French, somewhat distant towards the English, and neglectful of Mhe Austrians. As has already been said, he seems to have received instructions to smoothe the ruffled plume3 of the Turks. Therecent insinuation of the Nord, that troubles are likely to take lace in Italy "wvithin six weeks," has greatly incensed the professional politicians of Vienna, whlo are inclined to suspect that Russian aggents are now endeavouning to excite discontent aand disaffection in the Lorabrd.o-Veneti~u liin , and in a0me of the adjoining Italian States. Vienna at present sWarms with Rus5ians, and the jealous authorities probably keep a watchful eye on them, but they can do little or no harm in a city where they are cordially hated by all, excepting the high aristocracy and a handful of militarymen. People here have no well-defined idea of the real state of public feeling in Hungary. They fancy that the national spirit of the gagyar is completely broken, and that he has become accustomed to the newf order of things; but such is not the case. It is true that the passive resistance offered to the political authorities is no longer sO great as it was, but you may be sure that the Eungarians are still warmly attached to many of theirancient institutions. As you are aware, it is the avowed object of Government to Germanize Hungary, Slavonia, Croatia, and the Lombardo-Yenetian provinces, and to assinmlate the different Crown lands to each other as much as possible; but until now no great progress has been made, as the people not only endeavour to perfect themselves in their mother tongues, bul display a greater predilection for them than ever. Not long since a certain M. Vorosmarty, one of the best fungarian poets, died, and a subscription having been opened for his widow, who was in great distress, the large sum of 80,000fl. (8,0001.) was raised. The person who communicated the fact dryly observed, that if a subscription had been made for the widow of a popular author in 184T it would hardly have amounted to as many thousand lkentzers or halfpence. The question of the concession of the Galician railroads is not yet definitively settled, but the present idea of Governmnent isto give that part of the line between MIyslovitz and Przemysl which is completed, with the exception of some 60 English miles, to the Northern RPailroad Company. The Galician nobles are to have the line froms Przemysl to Lemberg and Brody, and from Lemberg to Czernovitz and Suczava. In other words, the Northern Railroad Company is to have the fat oyster, and the Galician nobles the empty shells. Things are not pro- gressing as favourably as could be wished in the commercial and manufacturing world. There is a general stagnation in trade, and such a dearth of capital that the Credit Bank has been induced, or rather forced by its powerful pro. tectors, to advance 1,500,000 fl., at 5 per cent., on manufactured cotton goods. The Presse has an article on the subject, in which it points out the extreme danger of having recourse to such a " bolstering," process at such a moment. Provisions are getting cheaper, the prospects for the coming harvest are good, there is peace at home and abroad, and the inland manufacturers have no more to fear from foreign competition than they had formerly. When some of the manufacturers at Br3nn got into difficulties it was all well and good to give assistance to the place, but the idea of advancing money on manufactured cotton goods will hardly meet 'with the approbation of the holders of Credit Bank shares. It is but rendering justice to the Credit Bank to say, that it refused to interfere in favour of the Soxleth cotton-factory at Brunn, as on examination its comnplete insolvency was evident. A great deal has recently been said and written about the vast quantity of silver purchased by the National Bank, but the stock of specie is only 2,8M2, 595 larger in this month of May than it was in April. The paper circulation is 1,865,431fl. less. Yesterday the entire stock of specie in the cellars of the bank was only 56,914,534fl., and the amount of notes in circulation 368,407,663fl., but still the Viennese talk of the speedy resumption of cash payments. In order to assist the larger importers of foreign goods, Government intendsto grant them a year's credit for a part, not exceeding one-half, of the duty. Proper security must, however, be given by the importers. When the Emperor Ailexander went to the Crimea he, to his extreme astonishment, found that the road through the government of Cherson had only been constructed for a fewv versts, although the supposed outlay for the whole road had long been paid by the State. The Russian roadmaker was not to be found for some time, but at last he was arrested, and the dismissal of one of the highest Russian eantloys is to be attributed to his communications. Many political refugees have demanded permission from Marshal Radetzky to return and enter into the enjoyment of their sequestrated property. The following telegraphic news of the 23d inst. has been received from Constantinople:-"Pisani has given notice to the Government thatthe Russian comMercial Chancellerie has been reopened. The hotel of the Russian Embassy is being repaired. Many Tartars have arrived from the Crimea ontheir way to the Dobrudscha. For the time beingEnglish steamers will carry the mail between Odessa and Constantinople." The news of the 24th inst. from Athens is that the King will leave forTrieste on thel0th. The French M5inister has leave of absence, and is gone to Paris. Kalergi is going toLondon. An attach6 to the British Legation has just made a tour in the Peloponnesus, and speaks favourably of the security of the public roads. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWN ConBRnSOrExsr.) BERIaI, JusxE L Yesterday evening there was a so-called festal performance at the Opera-house-that is to say, one to which the tickets are for the most part distributed to the officers and men who had i u the morning taken part in the parade. The Emperor and'the King were among those present; the former, as in the morning, in the Prussian Lancer uniform; the latter in that of a Russian General. After the performance at the Opera the Emperor was present at a review, nearly as fine as that he had participated in in the morning, and with which only the most satisfactory reflections on the efficiency and usefulness of the body reviewed can be associated. As soon as the Opera was over, and the Court returned to the Schloss, the alarm was tele- graphed from the palace that a fire had broken out at the Schloss, and in a few minutes the engines, followed by the light vans that transport the men, and tuns of water runuing on wheels, came tearing into the Lustgarten and the Schloss Platz from all quarters and districts of the town, their torches flaring, and the signal bell that each engine carries clanging away to warn pedestrians out of the road. The police assembled also in considerable force, and kept the ground clear, so that no impediment was offered to the evolutions of the men while going through all their manceuvres. The groups of firemen, partiaUly lit up by the torches, while clustering round their dusky-looking vehicles, and the chain of policemen, on foot and mounted, who formed the extreme verge of the scene, their helmets from time to time reflecting the flickering light, formed a most attractive picture. The Grand Du-e of Oldenburg, to enjoy it nearer, got into one of the firemen's vans, and drove in and out among the groups. The list of the high personages which I lately sent you as now sojourning at this Court I must further inrease by the Queen of Bavaria and the Grand Duke and Duchess of Meceldenburg Strelitz. As regards the Queen of Saxony, I cannot get any confirmation of my information that she actually came hither with the Queen last Wednesday, after having met at the frontier that day. It is represented now that some unforeseen obstacle interfered to prevent 'both King and Queen from swelling the number of distinguished guests at Potsdam. Not only this Royal couple, but also the King of Bavaria, appears to have been invited and exected here. In addition to the names of Nesseirode, Gortschakoff Meyendorff, Woronzoff, and other Rus- sian notabilities, whom I have already mentioned as having arrived here, that of General MIouravieff, the successful besieger of :Ears, who thus comes again, at this remote distance from his late scene of operations, into contact with his heroic antagonist, Sir William Williams, must notbe omitted. When the Emperor left St. Petersburg General MIourarieff accompanied him to MIoscow, and it was then understood that the General was to remain there, or in thesouthen overnments; it was therefore no part of the prearranged plan that he should aompany the Emperor to Warsaw, and stll less that he should accompany him hither. Lieutenant-General Dabormida, who had been de-, puted by the King of Sardinia to congratulate the Emperor of Russia on his accession, arrived here a few days back on his return from Warsaw; he yesterday forenoon visited Baron Manteuffel. Prince Woronzoff has gone on to Dresden, where he has stayed several times of late with his family. Baron Seebach, on the other hand, has come over here to meet his fteinlaw, Count Nesselrode. RUJSSIA. (i'om OUR BnRnru o1nIFoDm'T.) BE RLI, Juxx 1. While at Wamaw the Emperor siged an amnesty for political fugitives and other emigrants, tthe i I nature and extent of which may be gathered from the following circular despatch, which the Government has forwarded to its representatives abroad:- "Sir,-Numerous Polish fugitives, having seen their errors, are actuated with the desire to return to their coun. try, but they hesitate to apply for the permission to return from uncertinty as to the fate that awaits them here. The Emperor, our august master, is not by anymeansdisposedto repel wishes that proceedi from a feeling vhich, how. ever tardily it may show itself, has nevertheless a claim otl his clemency. Mis Majesty the Emperor is willing generously to forget the whole past lives of all fugitives who have long been under the influence of error, or have been. guilty of offences, whether they be natives of the lingdom of Poland or of the neighbouring provinces of the empire of 'Russia; he declares himself tobe in mercy 'willing and ready to receive their submission, and to permit their retumr to theirhomes, without their being liable to anyjuridical prosecution or other examination. His Majesty permits them further, as soon as they have returned, to reenter upon all their civic rights, and those who during a space of three years shall have conducted themselves irreproachably will be admissible to the service of the State, in which they will have an opportunity of evincing their sincerity by making themselves useful to the counry. The only persons who will be excludec from these benefits are sucn as have shown in their conduct an irreconcilable hostility to the Imperial Government, and still retain this feeling. "You, Sir, are empowered to bring this decision of Mis Majesty to the knowledge of the Polish absentees now resident abroad, and to receive the applications for pardon of those who belong to the above-mentioned category. You will have the goodness to receive all such applications as may be made to you, and forward them, in conformity with the settled course of business, to the proper authorities of the empire, or of the ldngdom, according to the birthplace of the applicant, so that they may be laid before the Emperor for his supreme sanction. '"Receive the assurance, &c., " GORTSCHAKOFF. " Warsaw, 3fay 27, 1856." The first intimation of this amnesty having really been signed was given by the Emperor hina.lf to the Polish nobility at the ball which they had arranged in his honour at Warsaw on the 26th. The Emperor, on leaving St. Petersburg on the 17th inst., did not, as was at first supposed, go direct to Warsaw, but went round by Moscow, which he visited in all haste. The most plausible reason that is at present assigned for this visit to |Ioscow, besides the inspection of the preparations Efor bin apSroacing coronation, in the all-important I question of the direction of the future lines of rail- road. The original plan for connecting the provinces of Great llussia 'with Poland and the iBaltic was to construct a line from Kursk to Dunaborg, where it would meet the Petersburg-Warsaw and the Dunaborg-Riga lines. The plan that seems now to have the Emperor's approbation is to take Smolensko for its starting point, and run to Dunaborg. This latter line would certainly have the advantage of opening up an almost direct communicationbeI tween Moscowandthe western provinces. Another motive assigned for the visit to Moscow was the desire of the Emperor personally to examine into the feasibility of certain plans for the improvement and embellishment of the town which have been submittedto him. The main feature of this plan consists n the pulling down and gettingridof the numerous wooden houses with which the town abounds. Iu one part of the town it is decidedi'hat they shaRl be pulled down ac once, and in another this is to be done at a future time; and it is settled once for all that there are to be no more houses erected of wood there.
Tsr PENINSULAB MAILS. LThe following appeared in our second edition of yesterday :-l (BsY ELXC TEEGRAr:.) SOUTHAMPToN, TuESDiY MOiu TNnG. By the Peninsular and Oiental Company's steamship Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, we have dates from Gibraltar, Mlay 25th; Cadiz, 26th; Lisbon, 29th; Oporto, 31st; Vigo, 31st. The Madrid brings 68 passengers. 7 packages of specie (value unknown), and a cargo of frit, wine, elephants' teeth, &c. On the 30th -alt. the Madrid spoke the Peninsilar and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, off Oporto; 31st, off Finisterre, the steamer Queen; June 1st, in lat. 46.26, long. 6.56 W., saw an English screw line of baWtte ship, steering S.S.W.; and on the 2d passed the Royal Mail transport ship Orinoco, off IJUhant, bound to the Crimea. The Madrid left at Lisbon Her Mjesty's steamer Basilisk, coaling, en route from Spithead for the West Indies. The Lisbon exchanges for the month are quoted this mailat W. to a, on London ; Paris, 519 to 520; Amsterdam, 40; framburg, 49a'; and Genoa, 517. There were few takers on London, and transactions were generally limited, as also on Paris and Hamburg. Other quotations are nominal. Stocks were looking up, Three per Cents. being 41i to 42 ex. div.; Bank of Portugal shares, 499 to 502 milreis each; and Oporto Bank shares, 18 to 20 per cent, premium. The English schooner William, Captain Williams, which, had arrived at Lisbon from Gibraltar, reported having been fired at by the Portuguese revenue steamer Lynx on the 20th ult., near Cape St. Mary, on the coast of Algarve. It appears that the steamer remained at anchor about r,mile from the shore, and amused itself by firing at any vessel passing, instead of getting up steam and boarding those it might suspect. The schooner escaped without injury, but a brig, also under English colours, was struck by a shot. The latter was reported to the British Consul, who, it was expected, would cause the matter to be fully investigated. Several clauses of the new Loan Bill had been ap. proved by the Deputies at Lisbon. lnteligence from Gibraltar reported that Her Majesty's steam transport Transit, from Portsmouth for the East, put into the port to repair some trifling defects in the machinery. On the 24th nlt. HIer MSIajesty's troopship vulcan, from the Crimea, with the 17th Re;giment of Foot on board, hound to Quebec, arrived. TXhe Simoom,with the SOtliRegiment, for Quebec, sailed from Gibraltar on the 23d. The Himalaya left Gibraltar for Halifax on the 21st ult., with the 62d and 63d Regiments, from the Crimea. Several transports have passed Gibraltar on their outward and homeward voyages to and from the Crimea. The British screw steamers Arno and Corinthian, from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 22d. Exchanges were quoted for bills on London at 90 days, 51; Paris, 5f. 38c.
REsToRATio.N OF THE ABBEY CHURCH OF ST. ALBAN's.-We rejoice to see that this noble and patriotic enterprisehasbeen inauguratedwith so much spirit and zeal at the late meeting at St. Alban's, summoned for the promotion of it, and presided over by our Lord-Lieutenant, E Verulam, who set the example of a liberal subscription by placing his name at the head of it with a donation of 5001; and, under that inspiring influence, it has speedily zeached the aggregate sum of 7,8041. lus. 6d., including 1,100M. raised mi St. Alban's town. We learn that loca sub-committees have been appointed,in order to reuder every part of the county of Herts cognizant of the present state of the nndertaling and to solidt co-operation; and we have no doubt that this arrangement, carried into effect by persons animated wiith the good feeling of the parent meeting, will be productive of considerable contributions in augmnentation of the sum mentioned above. Atthe sametime it is thought that this greaLt undertaking ought not to be regarded as a matterof peculiarly loclinterest; fromthe German OceaLn t Oxford we have no cathedral south of Ely,and there is perhaps no part of England so ill situated for e copal superintendence as the large space of conntryextendkg from the Thames northward toLAclield, and embraced in longitude between the landmarks, before mentioned. With this fact must also be combined the reflection that the mental and corporeal powers of the Bishop of London are already overtaxed by the enormous increase of duty connected with that see. Animated by this feeling, Messrs. Hoare, of Fleet-street, have most liberally contributed to the undertaking, and have consented to open a subscription list, -where we trust that many friends of church restoration and the amelioration of church discipline will gladly assist in the promotion of a work so essentially contributory to them. We think it highly honourable to our county to have taken a lead in this matter, and that a debt of gratitude is due to those who have set the example iP the movement, and trust that we shall have the assistance of the public in preserving from decay one of the most venerable national monuments in the south of Ennaland, and partic - lary so, as that great achievement would be subsiVar the far important object of extending the efficiency of oar episcopate by the establishment of a see so urgently neQ*I in the district.-Hertford paper. ADs5r.rI TEAURE.-Madazne Celeste will take her bcen,efit to-night (Wednesda, and signalize the occasion by the revival of th. old melodrama, the DuteAmani, in which she will herself take the part of tani derdecken. Shewldl also play Miiarmiinthe G;reen Sthe~sh and Hgrlequin in the pantomime. .- CRYSTA PAAOL-OS1 s;SHrLuGi ])iY, Taesday, June 3.-Admissions onpay9arnt, 640.; d by season tioko%s, 380 i kotal visitors, 7i170 '
BISEOPRIC OF CHKISTCUeRCeH, NEW I ZBA-LAYND. We understand that the Rev. H. J. C. Harper, M.A.; vicar of Mortimer, Berks, has, on the noaination of the clergy and laity in public mneeting assembled, accepted the Bishopric of Christchurch, inthe settlement of Canterbury, New Zealand, ancl wil be consecrated in England towards the ena of July. M1r. Harper was educated at Hyde Abbay, Winchester, and Queen's College, Oxford. The early portion of his sulbsequent career wvas spent at; Eton, where he officiated for many years as " conduct," or chaplain to the College, having previously held the office of private tutor to the sons of Sir Charles Coote. In 1840 hIr. Harper accepted from Eton College the vicarage of Stratfield Mortimer, a benefice of smal value, where he has resided ever since. In every position of life M1r. Harper has won the esteem and admiration of all who have known himn by the single-mindedness of his character and the purity of his conduce; and, while his parihioners will sustain a severe loss by his promotion to the episcopal chair, the colonial church in New Zealand will gain a wise and faithful pastor, well qualified to enlarge its borders and secure the attachment of its members.
IRELAND. (FrROM OU OlWN COBRES%OhWDMT.) U-)U-WAN, TUEsDAAY MOMNING. THE SPLIT ]N THE CONSERVATLVE CAMP. A writer in the Dublin Eening Mail, who is vouched for by that journal " as one of the ablest and best known members of the Conservative oppositiort," alluding to the absence of the leaders at the late di- ision on Mlr. Miall's motion, suggests the following explanation in reference to M!r. Disraeli by recalling certain facts in his Parliamentary career apropos to the question of the Irish church. A storm is evidently brewing, the first oiitburst of which will be unmistaleably heard at this side of the Channel:- ccMr. Disraeli," says the wsiter, "does not msually absent himself from the House of Commons-no one is more assiduous or more unwearied in his attendance. Does he difer from his paaty npon the maintenance of tho Irish church as he does upon the preservation of the Christian character of Parliament? It was an occasion upon -which the leader of the Conservative party was bound to be in his place. His neglect of that duty was nothing more or less than a voluntary abdication of his leadership ; and the Conservative party deserve their fate if they ever allow hima to assume it again I do not know whether any light can be thrown upon this subject by the following extracts from Hansard. On the 16th of Febraary, 184, Mr. Disraeli said in the Rouse of Commons :- " ' et them consider Ireland, as they awould any other country similarly situated, in their closets. They -would see a teeminDg population; . . that dense population, in extreme distress, inhabited an island where t ere was an established church which was not their church, and a territorlalaristocracy,the richestof -whomlived indistantcapiitals. Thus, they had a starving population, an absento, aristocracy, And an alien church, and, m addition, the weakest executive in the world. That vas the ITish question.' " The speaker went the length of asserting that this state of things actually called for a revolution:- "'WVhat,' he asked, 'would hon. genLtleman say, if they were reading of a country in that position? They would say at once, the remedy is revolution. But the Irish would not have a revolution. And why ? Because Ireland was connected with another powerful country. . . . If the oonnexion with England prevented a revolution, and a revolution were the only remedy, England, logicallv, was in the position of being the cause of all the misery of Ireland.' "lBnt ho went on to state his Irish policy. Ipray the attention of Irish Conservatives to his words .- " ' To effect by his policy al those changes which a revolutionwould do by force . . The moment they had a strong executive, a just administration, and ecclesiastical equality. they would have peace in Ireland.' "Any incredulous reader desirous of verifying this auotation, will fnd it in Hansard for 1844, volume 72, page 1,016. He may, perhaps, afterreadin6 it, hegin dimly to understand why Mr. Disraeli, who spoke it, walked out of the house on Taesday evening. But this does not alter the serious question that is raised-Is the Conservative party determaned to defend the Irish church ? If so, are 3ir. Disraeli, Sir John PahIngton and Lerd Stanlev their leaders ? I do not hesitate to add another question-Ought any Irisb Conservative member assist in displacir, Lord Palmerston tomake way for a Ministry of which these would be prominent members? Contrast with this miserable and cowardly shuffling the manly conduct ot the Premier, who boldly took his stand upon the Act of Union and denounced the proposal to spoliate the Irish churchas aviolation of national faith Nay, although I have no particular regard for those who call themselves theimmeaiate followers of Sir R. Peel, I could not help being struck by the fact that, among the names ofthose who voted against Mr. lall, arethose of SirJ. Graham, Mr. Gladstone, M{r. Sidney Herbert, and Mr. Carclwell, while -we look in vain for those of the Conservative leaders. Itmaynotbeconvenienttosayit, butbeassuredthere are hundreds and thousands of Irish Protestants who will nerer again vote for a member who will not thinlk it his f£rs Parliamentary duty to separate himself wholly-in political action from the Conservative deserters and betrayers of the Irish Church. Perhaps I may apply to the lamentable condition to which their present leaers have reduced the Conservative party the words I have quoted from Mr. Diiraeli -' The only remedy is revolution.' Until there is a complete revolution both in leaders and in policy-s changa both of men ancd measures-new combinations and newi tactics, there is not the smallest chance of retrieving the utterly broken fortunes of what was once, and might be again, 'the great Conservative party."' T}HE SAI)LEI EA DS. 'he arguments in the ease of the English shareholders will be brought to a closa to-day; but it is believed that the Mlaster of the Rolls will defer his judTment for a day or so. The official manager yesterday, in reply to a question put by the Court, stated that if all the sums, for the payment of which Mr. John Sadleir was represented as responsible to the bank, were estimated, he (Sadleir) would be found to be a debtor to the amount of not much less than 300,0001. This is 50,0M. in excess of former calculations. TE PorrL I XE ES. M1r. John Dillon appeared yesterday in the hall of the Four Courts, wearing his wig and gown. The Netwry 'eiegraph (Orange authority), tinus speaks of the return of another of the gentlemen who took part in the troubles of '48:- "John Martin reached Newry on ricday evening; and of the hands that have grasped his in the warmtah of friendship, sure we are that niot the least heartily pressed by him have been those of the many who were knows to him to have repudiated 'Young Ireland' principles the more earnestly just because that to the infatuation which such prm-i ciples engendered -was ascribable the perversion of a generous-hearted and most useful country gentleman into an erring politician." THE3 FII:NDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 931; ditto, for account, June 9, 93A i; ditto, for new account, July 8, 914 3 91; New Three per Cent. Stock, 94 i; ditto, for account, June 9, 934 *; ditto, for new acocunt, July 8, 941; Mlining ComEany oflilxd(71. paid), 15. Rlailways.-ODablin and .paid), 4; Great Southern and Western 4 per cent, preference (121. paid), ll, Irish South. :Eastern (121. paid), 5- Midland Great Western and Boyal Canal (501 paid), 511; Waterford and Ilmerick (504 paid), 22j. (By E.Ecrnac TELEoBAIIL) Tr1ZSDASr EvwIaG. DEATH OF LORD CAREW. Intelligence was received in town to-day of the death of the Right Hon. Lord Carew, Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Wexford and a Knight of the Order of St. Patrick. The event took place on. Mlonday last at Castleborough, his Lordship&s seat at Wexford. The late lord was born on the 9th of March, 1787, and was first returned for the county of Wexford inl 1812, which county he represented in the House of Commons for upwards of 20 years. He is succeeded by his eldest son, the Hon. Robert Shapland Carew, colonel of the Wexford Militias born in 1818.
POLAND AND BUSSIA. TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE TIMfES. Sir,-A telegraphic despatch from Berlin has just an- 'nounced that the Emperorof Russia, at a bal1 given tolim: atWarsw, haa declared his intention of granting to alilis Polish subjects condemned for poltical delinqueenciea a general amnesty; while from other accounts we learn that on the same occasioa he pronounced, among others, the following words:- "Tell your iellow-countrymen that the time for idle dreams is at an eid. No more of reveries. I. wish Poland tobehappy, a--d she can only be so byher union witi Against these words, as well as against the acceptance of anyamnesTy, letns, in the name of the society we represent, as well as of the 'ody of the Polish Emigration, whose f=rmer delaiions we merely repeat, enter in y=r columas our most soemn protest W1en, in SS(, we took nparms against RusSi, and, jailingto sueoed, leit an enslaved fatherland, we did it ior no as an oject than national independence. Thocs who since joined o;r ranks did it in the same spirit, and adiiered. to our&Oaration. Wethen fufiled a duty, not anything to bopardoned, and we could not nwow, without xtnounclag our country's claims and calumating the martys ofcause, accept the title of pardoned rebels. If there 1* any Plish refugee who does it, lot him be disowned by w. as v. deserter of his country's sacred ana imprescriptibleijkts. Inbelief of the Polish Democratic Society, Its Central Committee, L. BULEWSXX. A. ZABICKI. S. WORCILL.- I 1 .35, Huutox4.street, B=%wicl--Xq%kFTq, Xzy 31,
TEE DANUBIAN PRINCIPALITIES. (rwx oua ow- coRpmro.DT.) BUCHAPEST, 3MXY 22. Tle latest accounts from Constantinople have raised the spirits of the Liberal party here. Private' letters state with considerable confidence that the Hospodars will not receive any prolongation of powers, but will have to retire when their term of ofice expires. It is said that they were offered to remainas Kaiimakai., but refused. The accounts received leave it ,aglue whether there will be one Kaimakan for each province or three; but in either case their tenour warrants the belief that the appointment will be made by the Porte, and not according to the R'qlern eat Organique. To adopt the latter course would, indeed, be mereIy putting in adherents and norninees of the present Eospodars. As far as our information goes, and according to present appearances, the Austrians will not leave until September, and the commission of reorganization will notassemble until the end of that month. It is said, also, that it is considered desirable-I know not whythat the boundary commission should have conipleted its labours before the other commissioners commence theirs. The above information, which, although not officially confirmed, is thought to be authentic, settles, tant bien qule mnal, two of the doubtfuil questions that have lately kept the public mind on the fret, and allows another topic-that of the iunion of the provinces under an hereditary prince, native or foreign, to assume fresh prominence. This most important question has been already so ably handled and dissected in your correspondence from Constantinople and Paris that I might think it unnecessary to revert to it were I writing from any country but that which it chiefly interests. There is inquestionably a strong party here, comprising not a fewv intellhgent and patriotic men, -which thinks it sees and earnestly seeks the salvation and regeneration of its country in the formationi of a Rouman monarchy umder a foreign prince. In the present realization of this project I believe that few, even of the most sanguine, really believe. They dwell hopefully upon the benefits that would result from it, but when the question is gone into they are compeled to admit the many difficulties that stand in the way of their favourite scheme, and are unable satisfactorily to show how these may be surmounted. The chief obstacIes in the way of a union of these provinces inder an hereditary prince appear to be the unwillingness of Turkey, the opposition of Austria, the extreme difficulty, not to say the impossibility, of fincling a native prince who would be acceptable to his new subjects, or a suitable foreign one who would submit to the sirzerainet6 of the Porte and conform (as might be required of him) to the national religion. The inconsistency of 'weakening Turkey at the conclusion of a war waged to maintain her strength strikes every one; and this consideration more, perhaps, than any other dampsthe hopes of the UJnionist party, and, when it is plainly placed before them, induces them to defer, although not to abandon them. It is the opinion of certain poLiticians here thatTurkey, the better to secure her ascendancy in these provinces, will seek to keep them in an unsettled state, and that with this object she w-ill be found in the commission and conferences pulling with Austria. If this prove true, her policy is shortsighted. These provinces may, in reality, have little to thank Russia for; but, nevertheless, that Powser has soothed them with the show of a desire for their welfare; her troops when quartered here have been kept under strict discipline, and have been on no unfriendly terms with the people; and there is also between her and them the sympathy that springs from a common religion. On the other hand, the aversion from Austria, due in great part to the conduct of her army during the present occupation, is so strong that nothing would go further to weaken and destroy the hold of Tarkey upon the Principalities than the belief that there was coincidence between her policy and that of Austria with respect to them. The Liberal party make no secret of their views upon this point. " If we are to be ruled by Austria, inflnenced and bullied by Austrian bayonets," say they, " we would rather belong to Russia." And this is a widely-spread feeling, and one that might be easily aroused to a very dangerous extent in every class of the people. Tturkey has a delicate game to play. She may oppose an arrangement Zwhich would be virtually a dismemberment, and whicll would render these provinces a menace instead of a bulwark to Bulgaria; but she should beware of identifying herself with Austria in any attempt to retard that settlement and improvement of their condition of which there is such urgent need. If they detect her in such a course her hold upon their allegiance wvill be immediately and, perhaps, irredeemably shaken. The objections that have been elsewhere urged to the elevation to hereditary sovereign rank of any- native of the combined Principalities are undoubtedly borne out by the state of public feeling and private partisanship here. The name of Ghika has been more than once prominent, but even then with doubt and hesitation, as likely to combine sufizages and conciliate jealousies. The Ghikas have branches in both Wallachia and Moldavia, in both of which provinces they rank among the very first nobility; there have been numierous Hospodars chosen from among them, and it would be easy for them to put forward at this moment more than one distin.ruished candidate of their name as no unwortlhy aspirant to Royal rank. The eyes of many have lately been turned to John Ghika, the present Prince of Samos, in which governorship his high administrative talents have made themselves ccuspicuous, with excellent results for the island. He is a man of capacity and probity combined with much energy and an iron will, and is thought wel fitted to filU a throne witlh credit to himself and advantage to his subjects. The throne, however, should not be that of Moldo-Wallachia. The opinion is strong here, and I believe well founded, that the highest abilities and most transcendant virtues would be insufficient to enable a native prince to disarm jealousy and reconcile private interests in a country where the elevation of one is the unfailing signal for the combination of the others against him. It has been supposed that the question of the provinces may ultimately be settled thus :-A native to be appointed to reign over them as hereditary prince; this would bring on a period of confusion and conflict, to put an end to which the great Powers would, in the course of a few years, be compelled again to interfere, and to appoint a foreign prince as the sole means of settling the question. It is the general conviction that the appointment of a native Sovereign would not conduce to the tranquillity and settlement of the country that has made the Liberal or national party set its mind upon a foreigner, and refuse to listen to any other proposal. Concerning the difficulties in the way of such a choice there is little to add to what has been already advanced. Attempts have been made to show that the suzerainetM of the Porte might be so tempered and framed as not to wound the dignity of the chosen prince, but I believe it would be impossible to do this without giving umbrage to Turkey, and we should manifestly, by attemptina it, be venturing on dangerous ground, and again exposing ourselves to the charge of compromising the very object for which the late war was undertaken. MYith respect to the religion of the future Sovereign the difficulty is perhaps not insuperable. The powver of the clergy in this country is far from bein in proportion to their numbers and extensive possessions. The lower orders of priests are grossly ignorant; some of them cannot even read, and recite the service by rote; they are looked down upon with contempt by the laity. IX would possibly be found sufficient to win over the metropolitan, and perhaps some bishop of greater weight than his fellows, to level obstacles of this nature, and perhaps, the prince on whom the Crown of the Principalities was conferred would consent to his children being brought up in the Greek religion, he at the same time having in view salutary reforms in the church here and its greater assimilation to the Russian Greek church-but not, of course, with the mnperor as its head. There is nothing more difficult for a new comer to the Principalities than to ascertain the real extent to 'Which a feeling of nationality and a desire for union under *'monarchical government prevail. He is ee d 'and pnerplexed by the conflicting stateniei iui^i .opinions he gathers in a country where persOn'il predilections seem in great measure to replace broad political principles, and where no fiee press refects the wishes of the majority. The ad-ocates of the union cannot be expected to admit-even if it be the case, -whithI-- do not affirm-that their views are confined to a comparatively smnall number of Persons whom superior education, more cultivated inteLigence, and foreign travel have thrown ahead of their countrymen; and they persuade themselves, and try to convince others, that their wishes are participated in by a large majority of the people of the provinces. In bMoldavia, the other day, I was told by an ardent advocate of progress and the union that the peasantry take pride in asserting their Rouman nationality; and here I have been asured that there exists among the rural population a strong desire to be governed by a Eing of their own, instead of by septennial lieutenants. Other persons, who ought to be equally well acquainted with the country, and who are certainly desirous to see it erected ilnto a monarchy, have declared to me that the peasant is a total stranger to those aspirations for national independence which it has been attempted to attribute to him, and that there would be no difflculty in making him vote for any King or any form of government; but they added that the peasant was not to be consulted, or, at any rate, only for fornm's sake, and that, with the exception of him and of those who find their advantage in opposing it, the union of the provinces is the universal wish of the country. Whether this be the case or not is only to be known by the result of the sittings of freely-elected Divans, and by that of the investigation of the commission. Even if the wish be not extensively spread, yet if it can be proved that its realization is for the good of the country, it is not a reason for not carrying it out that those who are to partake of its benefits are as yet too shrouded in moral darkness to appreciate them. Certainly, according to the estimate of the MoldolWallachian peasant commonly accepted in other countries, to ascribe to him an instinct of nationality, a pride of race, is to elevate him on an ideal pedestal on which he would be utterly astonished to find himself placed. It is usually thought that if a glimmering of such ideas is anywhere to be traced, it is among the comparatively scanty population of the mountains, not among the peasantry of the plain. Pursued by corvcs and inmposts, oppressed by the farmers and middlemen -for the most part Greeks-by wlhom the Wallachian Boyard allows his lands to be worked, his serfs to be rn-treated, and himself to be robbed; denied justice when he complains, unless he present himself with a heavy bakshish in hand; harassed and ground down by successive militaryoccupants of the country, who have exhausted his store, upset his household, worn out his carts, and worked to death the cattle upon which his existence depends, the peasant puts up but one prayer to Heaven, and that is that his present evil state may not become worse. We must not bear too hardly upon a people which has been so severely tried, and wvhich, although ignorant, apathetic, and degraded by oppression and neglect, is not without qualities that inspire sympathy and give hopes for the future. The peasantry of these countries can hardly with justice be termed vicious or besotted. They are not to be judged of by the higher classes, which display, in an eminent degree, the varnish and the vices of premature civilization. Constant occupation byforeign armieswas not likely to improve the morality and stimulate the industry of the lower orders. Before Moldavia and Wallachia were converted into camps for Russians, Turks, and Aiistrians people used to sleep with theirdoors open, and robberies were almost unheard of. The peasant is docile and patient; he is not an habitual drunkard, although persecution and suffering may, as they are wont to do, have impaired his sobriety, and of late years additional temptation has been held out to him by many of the landholders, who have here the monopoly of distilling, and who have directed their attention to the extensive production of spirits, extracted in some districts from plun kernels and in others from grain. As regards food, he is very easily contented. Often he does not taste meat for many weeks together, but lives on maize bread, vegetables, and preparations of milk. In fact, it is one of his faults that he is too easily satisfied, and prefers meagre fare to much exertion. When he has worked enough to pay his taxes and supply him with the simplest nourishment, he sinks into inaction and sloth. He is not naturally so dull and stupid as he has often been represented, although many causes have concurred to repress and blunt his intelligence. There is, perhaps, no peasantry in the world that has more proverbs of its own manufacture, and in common use, than the peasantry of Moldo-Wallachia. This does not prove obtuseness and stupiclity. One of the arguments put forward by the Liberal party in favour of the amalgamation of the provinces is the old one that Notuion fait lafurce ; and that it would give increased strength and powers of defence against Russia is understood. It may be doubted whether the amount of additional resisting power would be found of greatvalue whenthe necessity shouldarise for its exertion. The new kingdom would have to trust, as do now the detached provinces, not to the bayonets of its troops, but to the guarantee of the European Powers. Without, however, discussing or attempting to refute the various arguments urged for a Danubian kingdom, I think we may at once admit that the union of the provinces under an hereditary prince would give increased stability and chances of tranquillity to these countries and would be desirable, but that, at present, the difficulties and objections are so numerous and weighty as very nearly to counterbalance the advantaae. The Liberal party says that if the sense of the more inteligent part of the population-of all who are superior to the ignorant uneducated peasant-be taken, the result will be a great, an immense majority in favour of the union under a foreign prince. And then they add, " With what face can the great Powers, after declaring their desire to obtain a free expression of the will of the people, refuse to comply with its manifestation ?" When they put this question they clearly forget that nothing has been promised beyond the preservation of present rights and immunities, a revision of the laws and statutes now in force, and a consideration by the commission of the opinions emitted by the twvo Divans. It is absurd to suppose that the contracting Powers pledge themselves implicitly to carry out the wishes of the provinces as expressed by those Divans; the more so as it is expressly laid down that the suzerainetM of the Porte is to be maintained, and those wishes might be found incompatible with such maintenance. There is much to be done for the Principalities short of so bold an alteration in their condition as their union under a foreign prince, a step for which, as it has been repeatedly and justly urged, the precedent of Greece offiers but scanty encouragement. By all means give such institutions to the country as the people are fitted to enjoy, and as may tend to their real happiness and progress. Do away with the ambiguities of the Riglemnent Organique, which is better in its spirit than in its letter; strike at the root of the corruption which. introduced by the Fanariots and organized by the Russians, has extended its baneful influence through every department of the State and every class in the country; above al, establish the responsibility of empljoyes and the eligibility of all ranks to office as the two great practical reforms here needed. By these changes the wishes of the liberal and enlightened party will be, if not entirely fulfilled, at least in great part accomplished, and the country may safely be leftto repose for a while, to perfect its new institutions, and to work its own way towards the complete independence and monarchial government to which it aspires. From Galatz I learn that on the 19th inst. all the con-mmissioners for Amarking off the new boundary were assembled there. The first to arrive wag the Austrian Lieutenant-Colonel Kalik, accompanied by Count Wimpfen, captain on the staff. He was followed by Colonel Baron Stackelberg, the second Russian Cornmissioner; by Lieutenant-Colonel Stanlton, in the British war steamer Recruit; by Dervish Pasha, attended by Yuhlis Pasha (a son of bIichael Stourdza, the ex-Hospodar) and a numerous suite; by Lieutenant-Colonel Besson, the French Commissioner; and finally, on the evening of the 17th inst., be General Fonton, principal Russian Commissioner. A hall had been allotted by the local authorities to these gentlemen for their deliberations. Their first general meeting was to be held on the 19th, and it was expected they would set out for the frontier in the course of the week. My correspondent expresses a hope that they would so far rectify the line decided upon at Paris as to remedy the inconvenience of the want of communications by land between Moldavia and the newly ceded teitory. The new frontier is also stated to be highly indefinable, by reason of the lakes and marshes that extend awong it, and most of which are impassable by troops. Mr. Lowndea, an agent of the Land Transport Corps, at present at Bucharest on Government -biness,ihad hired-two rooms in the hoiue of an- Armenian for his offlice and residence. The day i before yesterday an Austrian corporal and four men entered the house, turned him out of his apartment", and remained-in possession of them. ler Eritannic Majesty's agent and consul-general here, Mr. Coiquboun, immediately took the proper steps to obtain redress for this unjustifiable aggres- sion. I have not yet heard the result.I
ENGLAND AND THE UNITED STATES. I W'e make the following extracts from the papers received by the last mail from the United States:- (From the New York Herald.) MIoNzf AitnciCj, MIAT 19. The news from Washington is the only cause for this absurd excitement. The only difficulty is the miserabla management of the Government of the United States of its foreign relations. In less than 4S hours after the dismissal of Mr. Crampton the affair will be forgoKba, and the second sober though; of the publc mind will return, but so long as the matter is left in doubt, so long as those disposed can give circulation to the most absurd statements, regarding the cause and effect so long will the public pulse remain in a feverish state, and the community continue excited by wars and rumours of war. This Crampton affair is a great card for the "bears," and they should play the game as strong as possible, for it is not likely to last long. it is in reality the most absurd thing in the world to talk about war between this country and Great Britain, and every sensibla man on both sides of the Atlantic is of the same opinion. It amounts almost to an impossibility. There are so many ways to avoid actual hostilities, that it is, in fact, utterly out of the question. One would think, from the movements of a few stock speculators of Wall-street, most of whom are, in fact, hardly able to comrpreend the bearings of any important question-that in less than 30 days we should have an English fleet bombarding the city. While these shallow stock speculators are predicting all sorts of dangers and damages, -we find the merchants engaged in our foreign trade quietly and confidently pursuing their legitimate business. We find in our Custom-house returns the clearances of vessels for the most distant ports of the world, and their owners do not seem to have the slightest doubt but that they wfill pursue their voyage peaceably and harmlessly. No one appears to be frightened but holdes of railroad stocks, which, even in the event of a war, weuld not be materially injured, wvhile the owners of vetssls in distant voyages, who would be ruined by a war-- with England, calmly and coolly attend to their legitimate line of business with the most perfect confidence in the future, dangers of the sea only excepted. Our insurance companies, in their blind ignorance-for we can call it nothing e-of the dangers surrounding their interests, havo not even inserted the war clause in their Dolicies, and their stockholders do not appear to have tle slightest idea of Ithe ruin that is, according to the stock-jobbers' code, inevitable. It is most extraordinary that only a few stock speculators in Wall street should ro. perly comprehend the actual position of public affairs. The great body of the community appear to be pursuing their usual course of business without a thought of war. They do not dream of a rupture with Great Britain, and it woould be extremely difficult to make them believe that the return of Mr. Crampton can by any possibility endanger the peaceful relations of the two countries. We must go into Wallstreet for news. It is only at the Board of Brokers that we can find a correct barometer of the public pulse. The miercantile classes must be a blind, stupid set of ignoramuses not to see that it is utterly impossible to avoid a war. It is oir opinion that all the fighting will be confined to Wall-street and the menagerie attached to the Board of Brokers. (From the New York Jour-nil of Cornmnercc.) THE U NITED STATES' MILITARY COaIMISSIOX IN PARIS. The alleged offensive treatnient by the French War Minister of the United States' officers constituting the military commission despatched by this Government to the Crimea, on their return to Paris, is commented on with considerable indignation by the press, and it is confidently predicted that our Government, construing the repulse they are said to have received into an insult to the United States, will take measures to procure some adequate redress. The last version of the intervievw complained of represents that Colonel M'Clelan and Majors Delafield and Modecai, United States' officers, having called on Marshal Vaillant and asked for certain books that were promised them at hi; department, to be delivered on their return from tho Crimea, the response made was :-"WV have nothing to give. There are misunderstandings between onr Governments, and our relations are not such as to justify any civilities." And it is added that, as the American officers retired, the Marshal expressed the belief tha . they should next encounter each other at the cannon's mouth. The expression of personal spleen and vindictiveness is so much out of character in the intercourse betwseen parties acting in an official capacity and representing the Governments which they serve as to throw doubt upon the accuracy of this report, and we should have hardly thought it worthy of comment if it were not persistently reiterated with a view to excite the public indignationandresentment. It is not in this way that the Ministers of a great nation express their sense of grievances and wrongs, and least of all does it consist with French gallantry to evince a galled temper by manifestations of incivility and rudeness. But if the opprobrious language was really used, there exists no case upon which our Government can demand either explanation or apology. Under the circumstances, the offence cau be regarded in nO other light than as an infraction of good mannerS by an exalted personage. I If it had been perpetrated upon an Ambassador of this Government, while in discharge of the duties incidental to his position. it might then be justly a subject of comulaint and if apology were refused, there would exist suffficient ground f or declining frhrintercourse, not with the Go-! vernment of France, but with the individual who had so far forgotten the proprieties and dignity of his station, It iS proper and customary for one Government to demand of another the substitution of an inoffensive person for one who hasrendered himself obnoxious topesonaldislilke by want of courtesy in diploniatic or official intercourse. But in the case in question, the persons repulsed possess no official character which requires themi to renew their visit, and subjec' themselves to a repetition of the insolence im. puted to Marshal Vaillant. Nothing practical could be expected to result from any demand for redress on this account from the French Government. If, in reply to such demaand, that Government should decline explanation, there would exist no sufficient cause in an unsatisfactory response for any act expressive on our part of national resentment. We are not going to sacrifice any benefits that may be derived from diplomatic and consular representation inFrance because our country is not in favour at the Court of the Tuileries. Still less should we be wise to exposedtohazardthe more obvious and tangible interests that depend upon commercial intercoursefor so triviala cause. Better to shame thc Prenchman out of ill manners by our own more polite and decorous behaviour than to retort upon him his ill-humour. The American officers are represented to have exercised the most exemnplary forbearnce on the occasion referred to. They are said to have quietly retired, without the slightest manifesta- i tion of feeling. They could not have more effectually rebuked the offender. If the story is true, a Prenci Marshal, Chief of the War Department, one of the highest officers in the Empire, rudely refused to offficers of the United States' Army, honoured with a special commission from their Government, civilities and favours connected with the object of their mission, which he had previously invited them to receive. Such conduct is scarcely credible, and is of a piece with that sort of barbarism which private gentlemen are wont to regard with silent contempt, and from the influence of which they protect themselves by withdrawal froas the vicinityy of its perpetrator. Admitting the facts alleged, it is charitable to suppose that the Marshal was not master of his owvn actions. So long as other Governments abstainfrom indicating dis. satisfaction with the policy and course of actionof our own by direct remonstrance through the ordinary channels of official communicatioii, we may safely disregard mani. festations like those above-mientioned as importing notlhing beyond the personal feelings of their author. France is a great natson, and when she is moved to resentment towards this country she will adopt other ways ot showving it than that of puerile and petulant objurgation, visited upon.a commission not accredited to hold otticial intercourse with her. We do not learn that Mlr. Mason has been repulsed or treated with contumely either by the French Foreign Secretary or by his Imperial master. Till that event occurs we should do well not to look, either for occasion of quarrel or indications of hate, in the tone and manner imputed to lesser functionaries. (From the Newv York Times.) PFRILOUS ASPECT OF OUR FOREiGN LE roToNs_ It is evidently the purposc of the President to complete the harnony of his Adnministration by closing it with a war. Consistency requires that catastrophe. The 4th of March, 1853, found the country at peace in all its external relations; and for doinestic difierences they had just been accommodated by the finality of compromise. On both points the inaugural address indulged in the liveliest felicitations, pledging the faith and the entire energy of the new executive to the perpetuation of both. The condition of Kansas illustrates the fidelity with which one part of this engagement has been adhered to; and a glance at the nosition of our foreign affairs justifies the deepest solicitude-in regard to the other, A conflict with one European Power seems, from iwhat glimpses we catch of the President'stemper through the oracles of the organ, and the significant acts preceding the late maessage, and the message itself, to be almost inevitable. Escape can only present itself in a disposition t) recede and conciliate on the part of Great Britain, which her whole polcy of late touching Central America forbids us to anticipate. The recognition of Nicaragua under existing circumstances cannot do otherwise than alienate the friendly republics of the Isthmus, and drive them into more intimate relationa with England. The whole horizon darkens indleed with the war clou. TFe onsyoancetraplcacls6tel t inte tried aversion of Secretary Marcy for war; a chance of little moment, seeing the headstrong determination of the President to have the quarrelinspiteof all opposition. No 'knight.errant, not Quixotte himself, with only his private and individual neck to stake upon the adventure, ever went forth upon more de- iberate purpose to cosntend wth dragons and giants and all ghastly apparitons he might encounter, than does President Pierce embark in every dispute, and interpret every circumnstance in asenseas tributary as practicable to a warlike solution, As an illustration, we need only refer to a recent incident. Three officers of the arniy were sent to Europe last year, that they might visit the scat of war and recruit their military knowledge -with a dash of practice. They were in ; the Crimea. The story, as they tbemselves tell it, and no jdoubt trutthfully, runs:to the effect that every courtesy was tendered them by the RuLssian and Euglish commanders; the French Comsnander in-Chiei alone declined to facilitate. their studies, and refrained frrrei any but the most meagre I and restrained politeness. On their return through Paris the three waited upoit the French Minister of War Marshal Vaillant, again, however, enjoyin,g a slice fromthe cold shoulder, and experiecingr s LIdencss of treatment which said little for the manners of the official, and o-nly proved -the indulgence by that individual, on private account, or a decided and irational hotility to this country. There vas nothing said forwhich it is at .1 necessary toholdthe French Government reponsible.. If there had been, it was addressed to rersons in no s.erse representative of this Government, holding no recogrnzed official position, and who could have no other claim upon the attention of any French Mnister of State-him of Foreign Affras, pehaps, excopted-thaa any private traveller might urge. The usages of diplomatic intercourse create no title to courtesy in such case. The textbooks recognize no rights as secured to these extraordinary missions. Politeness of treatment, required by the universal code of good manners, they were, of coArse, entitled to, that wa all ; and, it is superfluous to ssy, a breach of social etiquette is scarcely a matter for international negotiatiors and A possible quarreL We have no right to claim for any individual sent abroad on other than diplomatic business the formal and ceremonious reception and elaborate courtesy to which ambassdeors and 2M-nisters of every grade are entitled aS embodiments of the national dignity, and the exponents of the national Will. It is true, expressions were used by the French Mnister which, if used by the one in charge of foreign relations, or by the Emperor himself, might furnish grounds for apprehension, but not for formal inquiry or remonstrance, unless uttered to a diplomatic representative of this Government. The fact only proves, if it be a fact and prove anything, that the sentiments of the French Government are not at this moment of that amiable description that we may safely go out of our way to trump up a causo of quarrel, and invade the Tuileries with demands for satisfaction. Such, however, if reliance may be placed npon our advices from Washington, is the disposition of thePlreident. He chooses to regard the three officers absent on leave as invested with all the dig. ity, and accredited to dll the respect of the Government itself; to make their pnivate vrongs public injuries ; and require for them that redress which the code of the duello would otherwise oblige them to demand in person of one who, transcending his official range, had gratuitously insuited them. And thismin the face of a possble conflict with England; with a variety of reasons for believing France needs only a pretext for joining that Power in a contest with the spreading grandeur of the 'United States, and with no remote probability of having an active part to play in thconvu3sionsof Central America. Can we, in view of such indications, doubt the cordial willingness of the Administration to embark in a general war, if not as a lueans of retaining power, then through a wanton and raischievous desire to embarrass its successors with the management of a desperate contest ? There is no third alternative. It is not recklessness which might be palliated; it is a malign policy to which peace and the best interests of the country are to be sacrificed, unquestionably for the furtherance of partisan designs. Were the Executive accessible to any moderate and conservative influence, remonstrance against tampering with ourlalready perilous relations with foreign Powers might have souse effect. It is accessible to nothing of the sort. Its whole energies are addicted to the creation of civil dissension at homie, and of althreefold war without; andwhere Messrs. Cass, with his Anglo.phobia, and Douglas, with his Eree Soil antipathies, and lV~eler, with his :Fillibusterism, are the adviser5, sober counsellors have small chance. The only hope is, that fear, if not prudence, 4will interpose timely enough to prevent a conflict with more than one antagonist at a time. THE W_si FEVEB -CRABrPTON'S RECA.t. England and the United States are the only two great nations of the earth in which the people are theoretically the ruling powers, andwhere the popular willmayimpress itself directly upon the genius of Goveriiment. Anidthe people of these two great nations, the foremost of all the earth in wealth, intelligence, sd power, live in terms of the closest intimacy that is possible with two distinct nations. They speak the same language, read each other's books, internmarry, exchange products, borrow and lend, and trust each other to sums almost beyond computation. They visit each other continualy, believe in each other, and, in aU the relations of human beings, cultivate as close an intimacy as two people can. At the very thought of -war they hold up their hands in horror; they recoil from the possibility of shedding each other's blood, and of rending the bonds which havb been so firmly rivetted and under which they have prospered so long, grown so mighty, and been so happy. War to such people, so closely allied and having so many interests in common, must cause unmitigated confusion and suffering. They have no desire to humiliate each other; they know too well each other's strength to have any desire to put it to the test of an actual conflict; and if let alone and permitted to have their own way there never would be war between them. But. the people of these two countries do not, in fact, hold their destinies in their own hands; the men who are intrusted for a time with the direction of the machinery of Government are the real rnlers, and by their bungling, their imbecility, their carelessness, or their personal ambition, they may precipitate the two nations into a bloody and demoralizing contest, sorely against the wishes of the people themselves. An irresolute and rash Executive on one side, and a bungling, incompetent ambassador on the other, whose proclivity to mistakes is marvellous even in one of his trade, havevery nearly brought the two people into a position where war may be unavoidable. Were it not for the absurdity of the supposition that two nations lke England and the 'United States should engage in a bloody confict, to establish no principle, to avenge no wrongs, to secure no great rights, and without the existence of any ill feelin"s even on either side, merely because a bungling diplomatic agent had made a mistake or misunderstood the terms of a treaty, there might be reasons for apprehending a su_pension of friendly relations between the two countries. * By our special telegraphic despatch from Washington it appears that the Asia, whiich arrived yesterday, brought the long-anticipated reply from the British Government refusing to recall Mr. Crampton. Of course thisleaves no choice for our own Government but to dismiss him - for it is not to be supposed that a lfinister wil be allowed to remain at his post who is so objectionable that his recall has been demanded. There is a crisis at handi and if it shall lead to the substitution of an English Minister at Waashington, in the place of Mr. Crampton, who will, be less liable to aistakes than that gentleman, we shall have quieter times hereafter. General. Walker's Government recognized and Mr. Cram p ton dismissed, we may ask "What next 9" and not be obliged to wait long for an answer. THE ASArF-ni OP' TIIE EUERYDICE. The extraordinary statement of our special Washington correspondent in his letter published yesterday, thatthe interference of the British man-of-war Eurydice with the steamer Orizaba at- Greytown, on her last trip out, was at the instance of certain parties (Americans) in this city connected with the late Nicaragua Transit Company, is not, thus far, denied here. That these parties, citizens of the United States, should by secret messenger, despatched on the Orizaba, invoketheaid, by force, of aBritish naval commander to prevent the landing and, if practicable, the transit of the passengers going outby a rivai line would appear to be almost too incredibe for belef, were it not that the sending out of an agent, with admitted general, if not the specific instructions referred to, remains unquestioned. A partial but certainly unsatisfactory oxplanation maybe attempted by claiming that the parties, believing themselves deeply wronged by the Walker Goverment, had the right to resume their transports on the Isthmus of Nlicargua, and to deny their nse to either Filibusters or California passengers going out on the Orizaba, and to effiect this they felt justfied in using their in'duence with any or all naval vessels that might be found at Greytown or Puenta Arenas-the British Furydice included. We make no further comment on this than to say that ile public should be careful, in the present state of our foreign relations, not to gve hasty credence to every rumour from CentralAmericsef British interferenceuntil the whole story is told. In this iistance the real facts come out, as it were, by the merest accident. The declaration of the master of the Orizaba, filed at Wasington, whether so designed or not we will not undertake to say, was merely a cover to the very equivocal action of certain steamship gentlemen, who, with the utmost professed detestation of Filibustering and the violation of the neutrality laws, took the fearful responsibility of putting at hazard the peace of the country by seeking British naval intervention as against a rival line. (From the AZYea York Courier and Enquirer.) KA?NSAS. It certainly is a very extraordinary spectacle which lKansas is now presenting. On the one hand, evidence before the Congressional Committee is making the fact as -clear as noon-day that the late pretended territorial Legislature was a creation of spurious votes and an utterly spurious thing; while, on the other, the Federal authorities in the territory, pari pasou with this progress towards the complete demonstration of its ilegitimacy, are striving to make its authority respected and its doings effectual. They are now proceeding to the length even of arraigningmen for high treason wbo refuse to recognize its officers and observe its enactments. Proclamations are issued against rebels, and with as much formality and'solemnity as if a part of the territory were is-a state of pufre, unauthorized, unqualified insurrection against the authority-of the American Union. Vsnited States' dragoons are marched hither and thither; and individuals and large knDws where or howv they may strike. Were the territory literallyunder martial law, the administration of justics could not be more arbitrary or odious. The Federal District Judge Lecompte, in his charge to the grand jury and in his other judicial acts, has not scrupled to prostitute his dignity and betray the sanctity of his office to promote his party ends andtogratify his personalresentments. Even if the laws which e undertakes to enforce were perfeetlyvalid, instead of being, as they are, the arbitrarydecrees of a desperate crew of usurpers, yet his whole course would be utterly condemnable for it is accompanied with a persecuting a wiaus which is abhorrent to the spirit of all law. The instructions to the grand jury, whereupon Governor Robinson and his colleagnes elected under the Topeka Constitution were indicted for high treason, could never have been made ,with any solemn pu ose of vindicating the Constitution of the UnitodStates; orthatConstitution declares that "Treason Sgainst tho United Sttes shall consist only in levying vrar igainst them, or in adhering -to their enemies, giving them . id and comfort." Robinson, the Governor elect, has levied no such war. He has never attempted to exerciso a particle tf offieial hower against the Unite States. Nota member of ihe State Gxovernment under the Topeka Constitution,or any gent of it, 'has ever touched, or attempted to touch. a itizen of the territory iii his person or property. That Government has never.to this day carried out or executed ,ene single act of Government. Its doings have al been conditioned upon the admission of the temtory into the Union by Congress. Til that was done its official legal clharacter ,was all in abeyance. This wvas not only impliea in the very Lnature of the case, but an 'explicit forimal declaration of it 'wasmade by-the TopekaKlegislature before its adjourn- tment. It did not make, or attempt to make, a single !enactmentj orconfera singlepower, which was to take effect beforo the territorybecame aState. To attempt topunish proWcedings likethese as-high treason, as "levying war a-a=st AtheUmted State," ismookery.-The Statemenof as ' did.what.thbey had aperfect right to. do. They had been robbed, by a most lawless and atrocious invasion, of - the fpli*eig electing a Legislature nder 'the organic law of ,the' territory.' Submit.to the law imposed ipon them by nsurpation they, as American freemen, could not. Yet nlancipalalavtbeymunnst fiave, ad this necessity left no course open' to them but .to -bring togethr representatives of the people Whoshoiuld form a State Governmient prelimi. nary toan application to Congress for admission into the tuaon as a State. They did this, and in doing itin the manner of electing the Constitutiona Con. 'ventiou and in framing the Constitution, and in the sub- sequent conditional elections of a State Govermaent under it-they observed every fonr which low or justice or isace required. But, whether this is:true or not, one thing isundeniable; they have appealed to the judgnient and will of COngress to consummate and give e£ect to their action by makiDng the terlitory a State on the bass they have proposed, and it is imnoossible that this reCognized subordication should co-exist with a treasonable intent. The attempt made by Judge Lecompte to embarrss and impede the investigation of the Congressional Committee by issuing a subpena for Governor Reeder to attend as a witness at his court, and followimg np that subpcna by a writ of attachment against ns person, is a pretty commentary upon tbe boasted concern of this functionary and his coadjutors for the sanctity of federal authority. Governor Reeder is a contestant for the seat in Congress now occunped by General Whitfield. That claim. is based upon allegations of the most extraordinary character,-allegationsso deeplyaffect ing the rights and interests of a body of American citizens th't the unexampled step was tlken of despatching a ispecil commission to- the groand to determine their truth. Governor Reeder, who made the allegations, was of all men most capable of verfying them, and the anost interested, as a cl-imant to the seat, in accomplishing this. In view of the gravity of the inquiry of the indispensable aid of Governor Reeder in the ! thorough prosecution of it, and of his own relations to Con. gress as a recognized contestant for one of its seats, the act of Judge Lecompte was an insult to the Federal House of Rlepresentatives, and the manner in which the majority of the committee and Governor Reeder himself met it is I worthy of universal approation Another illustration of the Utter prostitution of justice in Kansas to sectional purposes is the fact that in no case does it tal;e ogniE zance of crimes and outrages by pro-slavery men tagainst the FRree State men. That such acts of the moSt flbgrant character have been committed is ndeniable;- not a week, or even a day, elapses that they do not occur. And yet Ithe territorial court ignores them as completely as if they happened 4,000 inles away in some Austrian or Russian jurisdiction. It is impossible to justi this or excuse it. Itis xmonstrous and most abominable disregard of the plainest pissples of jadscial duty. Such being the faithless, and persecuting, and oppressive condact of the Federal authorities in :ansas, we do not wvonder at the intelligence which the telegraph brings us of the determination ofthe Free State men to defend themselves against every attempt to enforce upon them the decrees of the usurping Legisla ture. It isnot in human nature, this side the Atlantic, to submit passively to such high-handed rong. President Pierce,underwhose sufferance,if not absolnte encouragement, it occurs, is egregiously miscalculating if he reckons otherwise. I the Free State men of Kansas can be fairlyoutvoted at the polls, let it be done; but subdued by brate force they never shaU be. A wise and generous people, as the mass of Americans most surely are, are aroused by every appearance of oppressive measures, whether those measures are pushed boldiy by the force of Government, or mask-ed under the form of a court of justice. Junius never pointed a truer sentiment than when he wrote:-" Prudence and self-preservation will oblige the most moderate dispositions to make common cause even witha man whose conducttlsey censure, if they see him persecuted in a wav which the real spirit of the laws will not justify."
STATE OF TRADE. 3fANCHESTER, Ju.N-E 3. The yarn-market, as well as that for cloth, has been quiet and inactive, but with little change in prices. Spinners could have made sales at a slight reduction, but this they have steadily resisted. The China merchants have bought freely of 40-inch shirtings, figured shirtings, and longcloths, but, with this exception, the home and foreign trades ate alike dulL The cause of this inactivity is the same which has influenced the market for some weelk past, the uncertainty -which prevails as to whether the present compa-ative high prices or the raw material of our staples can be maintained in the face of the large stocks of cotton now in the market. The sellers of the raw material during the last month have yielded a little under the influence of large receipts and the unwillingness manifested by consumers to operate beyond immediate wants; but within the last few days the prospects of an easier money-market have strengthened their hands a little, and prices are rather steadier. The p-sition of the cottonmarket, as here described, is much smilar to that of spinners and manufacturers; they had given way in price during the past month, but they are now disposed to hold more irmly, inthe expectationthat coming changes in the moneymarket and in the corn-market may neutralize the effects under which p rices have been recently suffering. Messrs. Du Fay'ando., in their circular of this month, remark that- " A general opinion prevails that no filcatations of consequence will occur as regards the value of cotton yarns or goods. This opinion is so generally entertained that it is very probable it mayprove correct. If, on the one hand, the American cotton crop is likely to realize everything which could be desired by the consumer, the consumption is' on the other, very large. It is estimated by many at about 40.000 bags per week of all kinds of cotton in the United Kingdom. There are other circumstances likely to neutrahze in some measure the effect of the large cotton cropnamely, the almost certain expectation of an easy moneymarket, and rather lower prices for corn.' Messrs. Robert Freeland and Brother give the exports of cotton piece goods and yarns during the month of May at 83,123 packages, against 101,568 for the same time last year (or nearly 6,00under the a.verage of the previous three months), andaubjoin the following classilicahion, showing at a glance the proportion sent to the different markets abroad: 1'aclages. "Lb. -cotton Cotton iece Goods. Yarns. EastIndies . . 2-7 .. lS.0 China . . 10.3 .. 2A Australia.- .. 0.8 CeotralandSouthAneaica . . 20.6 0.2 lorth Anerica . . 15.0 0.1 West LIdies. .. 54 0.0 Coast of Africa .. .. .. .. .. 3.6 0.0 Turley. Egypt, and the lerant .. 6.7 .. 9.2 Germany and Htolland . . 3.2 35.7 Other European States . . 8.1 3 -.5 It is evident from the continued inactivity of our market that the minds of buyers are not made up to trust the stability of the cotton-market, and as regards the home trade this is just the period between the cessation of business for the, spring trade and preparations for the autumn trade, when no great impulse is likely to be given from that quarter. MIessrs. John Slagg and Co. report to-day's cloth-marklet in thefollowing terms:-" There is little or no change to report in our market since Tuesday last. There has been a somewhat improved demand yesterday and to-day for Tndia and China, and a fair amount of business has been done in suitable makes for those quarters, but prices have again been slightly in favour of buyers. In other goodsthe market continues flat without change in prices." Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. say :-" Generally the market to-day has been inactive for both yarns and goods, and somewhat lower rates have been accepted in many instances. Extra hard yarns especially have been depressed, and some low prices have been accepted. In China shirtings it is said that more business has been offercd at something under current rates." LEEDS, JmNE 3. The cloth-markets to-day have been quiet but steady both as to price and demand, and about an average business for this season of the year has been done. The wool trade is rather dull, manufacturers buying only limited quaantities at late prices; and this remark applies to both clothing and combing wools. On Saturday there was a good supply of the new clip at Pontefract mark3et, nearly the whole of which chan-ed hands at a slight decline from the market of the previous week. The prices were :-hog wool from 1Ss. to 19s. 6d. per stone, and ewe from 17s. 9d. to 1Ss. 6d. The report of the HuddersfLeld cloth-mark}et to-day is as folows :-" The market has been quiet this morning. The attendance of buyers was not large, and they appeared to have an impression that prices must fall short y; but to Justify this impression nothing has yet occurred. The sales were chiefly in low goods."
PAi.Na's Co?xvicrioN.-It may be recollected that after thb charge delivered by Lord Campbell the jury were absent from court one hour and ten minutes before they returned, and their foreman pronounced the verdict " Guilty." From this it may be inferred tbat some doubt existed in the mind of ono or more of the jury which gave -ise to considerable discussion before it could be removed. It may therefore be satisfactory to the public to knoethat such was not really the case. On their retirement, the jurymen, without discussing among themselves the subject of the prisoner's guilt or innocence, agreed that each individual juryman should write his verdict, and place it under his hit. Within ten minutes from the timne of leaving court this determination wss carried into effect, and on raising the hats the word " Guilty" was found under every one of the 12 1 The delay in returning into court with the verdict origeiated in a feeling that. considering the life of a fellow-being was at stake, may with great propriety be said to have been commendable and consideratethat any suggestion compatible with the innocence of the vrsoner wlhich might occur to the mind of any individual jurymnan should not be precluded from discussion by a hasty verdict.-: The verdict may with trath, however, be said to have beenvirtuaUly given in tenminutes, and in the satisfactory manner already mentioned. AFFRAY AT PLY?oum.-Several discreditable conflicts occurred on Friday and Saturday last at Plymouth between detached parties of Royal Marines and Limerick Militia. On Saturday, after a scuffle in a public. house, the latter followed the former from Stonehouse through the bridge gate up the Devonport-hifl to lountwise, where the mam guard is stationed. The officer on duty ordered the gaard to fix bayonets, and, placing himself at their heads charged the Marines, some of wrhom were wounded,- -and were in -consequence sent to the Royal Naval Rospital . One is suffenng from a sabre cut in thfe face. All the soldiers off duty were ordered immediately to'their barrackt, and on Sunday a court of inquiry -was assembled' by General Eden at Government-house. On Sunday evening the. picket of Marines on duty in Xingstreet west, Plymouth, arrested a disorderly sergeant of the Limerick Militia, who uttered a cry which brought out from that locality a large number of low Irish of both sexes aid allages. They stoned the Picket, and would not retire ntil bayonets were drawn. T e zemoval of a portion of the Limerick Militia, by steam on Tuesday w- probably prevent the recurrence of these disturbances. SBirPwslxcx.-The bark Kingston, of and from Sunderland for Constantinople, went down at half-past 6 o'clock- on Saturday morning; off the Lizard. The crew Were saaed by the fishing lugger Betsy, whichlanded them atPenzince'the same day. This must be the ship seen by the iishing. boAt Wiberty, and ieported in 27we Pinci of I Monday, - -
MORY-MARBKETaid O INTTUTRIME., I w quotation ofagold at Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold *t Paris is about 5pee mille premium (according to the last tariff) which, at thie EzegliabIMint price of 3!. 17& Jojd per onnce for utadard gold, gives an exchange of 25.29j; andy the exchange a,t Paris on London at short beig 25.35, Kt follows that gold is about 0.22per-cent. dearer in London than in Panris, By advioe from Hlamburg the price of geld i; 426k per mark, which, at the English Mint prioe of - X! 17s. 10J& par ounce for standard gold, gives aa, I exchange of 3.52 ; and, the exchange at Hamburgon London at short being 13.7, it follows thatgold is 0.04 per cent, dearer in London than in Hiamburg. - The course of exchange at New York on Londonfor bills at 60 days' sight is 110 per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and 7 America being 109 2340 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.42 per cent. inr favour of England; and, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a small profit on the; importation of gold from the UJnitedl States. The English funds have been steady to-day, bnt the market was flat towards the close. Consols formoney, which left off last evening at 944 to R, opened at 94 -to -E, and subsequently advanced to 94? to SE, at which they remained up to near the - oficial termination of business, when they expe - rienced a declne of an eighth. For the 10th of July the last regular price was 95 to i, and later transactions took place at a further slight reaction. The American question still continues to excite at- tention, and to cheek the buoyancy that would. otherise bealooed for. To-morrof isck ttling dat in Consols, ana, as the amount of stotli on the market does not seem to be so great as on the last occasion, the public having purchased steadily in anticipation of the effect to be produced in the appearance of prices by the deduction of the dividend, the arrangements in connexionwith it have passed off thus far without any material diminution of firnm. ness. The scrip of the New Loan left off at 1Z to 2 premium. Bank Stock, 2160 to 2171; ReQuced, 93& to a; Yew Three per Cents., 93i to 94; Annuities, 30 years, 17 5-16; India Stock, 233 to 236 ; India Bonds, par to 3s. premium; and Exchequerbills (March), 4s. to 7s. premium; June, 2s. discount to 2s. premium. The demand for money, both at the Bank and in the discount-market, although not excessive, is more active than was expected. The payments falling due to-morrow (the 4th of the month) are not thought to be unusually heavy. Foreign securities have not varied in any great degree, but quotations were less fim in the later hours of business. In Turkish Six per Cents. transactions took place at 991 and X for the account. The Four per Cents. Gruaranteed were negotiated at l035 and W for the account. Mexican was heavy at 23 for money, and 224 for the account. The general operations comprmsed, Brazilian Small, 991; Danish Five per Cents., 102; Granada Deferred, 7s; Russian Five per Cents., 107k; the Four-aud-a-Half per Cents., 97 and 9; the Small, 98; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 47-; the New Deferred, for the account, 253 and . In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates generally were a shade lower than last post. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 10c. for money, and W4f. 95c. for the new account at the end of the month, showing a further decline of about an eighth. The liquidationjust completed has been heavy, and between 13 and 14 per cent. has been paid to carry forward purchases of rentes. The recent failure of 31. Place has caused some little uneasiness, and tended to embarrass the settlement, but the general confidence has not apparently been shaken. It is stated that N1. Place was not elected a director of the Cr&dit Mobilier until a few weeks before his stoppage. The telegraphic accounts from the South of France this afternoon report a further rise in corn in consequence of the inundations. Gold in moderate amounts continues to be sold to the Bank. About 50,0001. was taken there to-day, and a larger sum will be delivered to-morrow. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Indus amount to 489,6861., of which 11,3401. is gold for Alexandria, Madras, Calcutta, Singapore, and Eongkong; and 478,340I. silver for Bombay, Calcutta, Singapore, Hongkong, Canton, and Shanghai. The accounts from Russia state that the demanid for exports at St. Petersburg is moderately active, but that the import markets are rather dull. Hence the rate of exchange shows a contmued tendency to become less favourable for England. Steamn coimunication having been re-established with this country, business is considered to have returned to its old channels, and there are as yet no reports of any impending changes either as regards commerce or politics. The private letters male no allusion to thc probability of a loan, and it is inferred that the recent statements on the subject were at least premature, if not unfounded. At a meeting of the Bank of British North America held to-day, Mr. R. Calter presidirg, the dividend declared was at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, together with a bo,nus of 30s. per share, and the report and accomnts were unanimously adopted. The whole of the discussion was of a congratulatory character, the progress of business and the improved position of the establishlmlment being the only topics brought under notice. The following is an abstract of the report -. " The statement of the prolfit and lose account shows that the net profit for the year ending M1st of December, 1355, amounted to 97,0761., being less than that of the prevous year by the sum of 2,6151. In consequence of the anticipated disturbance of monetary affairs from the infiuenco of a state of war, the directors considered it proper to retain at all their branches larger reserves of specie than nsnal, and to that cause alone they are able to trace a loss to a much larger amount than the actual deficiency of profit above stated as compared with the year 1854l The bank has, however, been amply compensated for this loss by the feeling of perfect security resulting from the policy parsued, and also from the high position which it gave to the bank in the public estimation, and especially from its having at all times the power of affording alf proper support to its customers. It is gratifying to be enabled to report that the business community of the North Amencan colonies have generaUy conducted their affairs with - prudence and success, and that the material prosperity of those important dependencies is advancing in a most satisfactory mannei, in which this bank cannot fail largely to proticipate. The branch at London, in Canada West, which as been o,pened only two years, lias already attained a high position, and bids fair to become one of the most profitable establishments of the banL. An agency has been opened at Three Rivers, -which it is hoped will prove remunerative awhen the existing depression in the lumber trade shall have passed away. The accounts show that, aftef payment of the dividend and bonus declared last year, and of the sum voted by the Court of Proprietors to the family of the late Lr. Attwood, and after providing liberally for all bad and doubtful debts, the rest or undivided profit remaining in the hands of the bank on the 31st of December last is increased to 145,1171. s. lOd., and the directors have pleasure in announcing that they havo declared a half-yearly dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, and that in addition thereto they have appropnated (as a bonus) to the shareholders a portion of the undivided profits to the extent of .30,00!., being30.s. per share, or 3 per cent. on the capital stoek of the bank, which will be payable on and after the 5th of July next." BMAf o0 sr. samn Won=s AxRIc._ Balance sheet, 31st of Dewember, 1855. uAilnIrnn. £ S. d- Cap,ital .. .... .. ........ ..........1.000,003 0 o Circulation .697.-44 10 la Deposits. 565971 G II Bills payable and otber iabilities .59,123 0 20 Reserve for Christmas dividend. .. .. .. 30 0 0 Undivided net profit .145,117 9 l1 £2=.99.95658 5 As3Lrs. SpeedeandcaabatBMalkers .366,119 2 3 BUis receivable and other securities . . .. .. 9.55136 19 2 Bank Premises. 42.000 0 D £Z599.95G 8 S Profit and Less Account to 31st of December 185s, Amount voted by the Proprietors to the widow and £ z. d. familyoftbelateG*orgedePccoA:tweod .. 2GOO 0 a Dlvidend sazd bonus dedaiedasfolloew:At ]didsummer, 1855. ayable July. 1855- Dividend .. .. £30,000 Bonus . 30,000 - 60,000 AtChristmas.1855, PapabyeJan..156-3)ividend Z0.000 - %0.000 D0 Balane in hand being undivided net profit to the 31st of December, 1855 .. . - ..1U,117 9 10 £237,117 9 10 Baiance of undividednetprofit to 31 tDeceinber,1854 15401O1 7 2 Net profit for the year 185, after deduction of au cur- rent charges, and providing for bad and doubtful debts. 97C7G 2 8 237,117 -,lO The colonial wool sales close to-morrow, and tne following account of their progress up to this even- ing is from Messrs. Southey and Sonr:- "The first serieso sales of colonial wool of the seaSon commenced on the Sth nIt., and will colnclude to-morrow
RAIL WAY INTELLIGENCE. BELIFAST AND BALLYMENA. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Belfast on Friday, the Hon. G. Handeock in the chair. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in TAc Times, was taken as read. On the motion of the CHAIRMAI, resolutions were passed adopting the report, and declaring a dividend of 27s. 6d. per share for the half-year, less income-tax. The meeting was then made special, and the forfeiture of certai shares for non-payment of calls was confirmed, and the directors were authorized to sell and dispose of the same. The directors were also authorized to issue the remainder of the Cookstown Extension shares, and to borrow aify sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole 40, 0001., under the powers of the Extension Act of 1853. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. LIMERICK AND FOYI7ES. The works on a portion of this line are approaching completion, and it is expected that the section from Limerick to Rathkeale will be ready for traffic in the course of five or six weeks. ABERDEEN AND SCOTTISE MIDLAND JUNCTION AIALLGA2ATION. Lord Stanley reported from the committee on this (recommitted) bill that they had made further amendments thereunto. CARLISLE A'D SILOTH-BAY. It appears that the works on this line are progressing satisfactorily. The permanent way has been laid down for a distance of six miles-namely, five miles at the Drumburgh end, and one mile at the Silloth-bay end of the line. The railway forms a junction with the Port Carlisle Railway at Dramburgh, and is intended to terminate at Silloth-bay, where docks are in course of construction. A further section of about four miles in length is up to formation level, and ready for ballasting. On the remaining portion of the linethe works are comparatively heavy; but, as the length is only between two and three miles, it is expected that the linewill be completed throughout before the end of the present year. RAMLWAY TREAFC. Mies Pas- Mer- Total. Total, RaIlways. open sengem chandise. 3S56. 1855. Week ending May 22. MaziAntonia - - - 211 191 Week ending May 28. Mons and Manage .. .. 21 .. 120.. 727.. 847 .. 702 Week ending May 3L OlasgowandSouth-Westem - .,3. - ..- 6320 .. Q206 Lianelly . .... .. .. 2 - -. 362.. 320 Week ending June 1. KendaandWindenmere .. - .. - .. - .. 217 .. 255 Worth Lendon .. .. 9 .. .. 2,784 ..Z152 Gneat Luxembouzg.. .. 31 .. - .. - .. 88 .. - The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 13th to the 19th of Mav
EX P1ARTE LOCKE. - Advertisement.1 TO THE BDITOX OF THE TIRES. Si,-ln reference to Mr. Bey'es letter in this day'; "Times,' aetributing the " penning of our letter to the Rev. Mr. Holloway, and denying our statements that he " moved for the rule in our names and that the costs were duly denanded of the rev. gentlemanand wbo refused to pay them,"-we beg 'onBy that, the former is noe the fact, and, as to the latter, wre have instructed our solioitor to afford Mr. Berry a public opportunit of disproving them, If he can o Your obedient Servant i R07ltVRP Tf)lERq! CHARLES LOCKE. St. Paith, Jume 2, IS5t. Probate of the will of the late Mr. Joseph Neeld, f.P. for Ci.ppenbam, has been s*orn under 25Z,0001. pers50aalty witbui the province of Cinterbury.
APPEAM HO-USE OF ORDS, TmiN 3. DIXON A%'Tb An'ATWTPT V_ ItAVtT.T. This case caume before their lordshirs for furtasir hei3ing this morning, and at the conclusion'oftkeearguments- *The LoseD CaEcAcns.noP. said, it had been contended on the ar (if t-he respondent that when a cause had been. with rwn withi the consent of both parties from the con-. stitutional mode of trial, and had been decidedl in some other way, that decision was final and the House 'would not hear any appeal agpinst it. That contenstion was supported by several previous decisions, but they iwould not apply in the present case, where the judge bad himself, 'with the consent of the parties, withdrawn the case from the jury, sa=gthat there we-re no quesRtions of fact for them to dcd . Uder these circums tances the- Housewould look into the mnerits of the case, but as the questions involved were of a novel and intricate character t-he further- consider ation of the case would be post oed. Further consideration postponed. XkCRENZIE V. 3)yosnOP, 'WUrLSON, A?-]D CO. -- TheLIord-Advocate aknd Sir F. Kelly appeared for the appelant; Mfr. Mit And Mr. Blackburn for the respondents. I - T was an appeal from a decision of the Second Court of Session, in Scotland, in an action raised by t-he appellant, Isplaitiff. agmt -the respondents. - .Itappard tatthe respondents were a company, maknu- facurig nd ellngpig iron. They had-works atOClyde, - Dundvan andLusar.At ,the two formner place they, manuactred he estdes:cnl~tion of iron, kniown in the trad as"G.H. .,"or "ogoo merchantable brauds~,` and tha maufctuedat Logar was -not* of that aualltj.. Betwen the20thof November and th 0h- of Decmbe cetai scipnotesforironwere, sent tithem, with a demand that the qatte of iron therein mentioned should be sent toth stores of Messrs. Connal and Co. in' Glasgow. Accordingly the respondents delivered about 1.30 tonLs Ofp4ig iron, Parto wbich was from the Clydle or Dusi. - da Works ; butg, on some of the Lugar iron being offered, EMess Connal and Co. refused to take any part of it, on the. pretext that all the repndents' engaements -were to de- liver iron of good merchatable brands, all maniufactured at. Clyde or Dandyvan.. As the. respondents were not wiflsnk to deliver that iron the delivery wasstopped. On the I7th. of December -Messrs. Connal and Co. Intimated, that thp s-.rip notes were the property of the appellant, an iron merchant in Glasgow; and on the followinig day that gentleman reurd the respondents t conitinuae'the delivery of -the, e. . B. iron. The respondents, who were perfectly red odlvl Lugar 5ron,' refused to accede to t-he appellant's demand ; and he subsequently brought -an action. against them to recover damages for thae delaLy in the delivery. In that action it was attemptedl to bie proved that the appellant had puirchasedi the scrip notes in1 question from Ressrs. Thorburn and Trueman, metal brokrers in Glasgow, who were duly authorized to act onL behalf of the respondents, and, that the iron to be delivered was to -be G. H. B., although that did not appear on the face of the scrip notes. It was also alleged that the respondents wrong. fully failed to deliver the G. H. B. iron, as they lied undertk&en to do throug'h their brokers. The jury were directed by the judge to fiisd the -first issue for the, -respondents, on the ground t-hat thiere was no proof of authority from the respondents to Messrs ThorbTurn andTrueman to bind the forrmer. On the second issue, as to whether the respondents by - the scrip notes undirtook to deliver G. I. ]3. iron, the jury foundl a veraict for- the appelan, sujecto te oinio oftheCourt as to the sufficieny o th evdenc ontha pont.The Court, -after hearng he rgumnts deidedaganstthe appsellaint, and Theargmens i te cse ad otconcluded, when their
LAW REPORT. COIURT_OF C] ANC-Y, Lnw oj's-miN. JuNE 3.. BENVWICK V. Pnirl- lICIoMe thte LORDS JUSTICES of APPPAT I lene arguments in this appeal wrere concluded; Mr. Shebbeare having fninshed his argwnent and Mr. Snmythe having msrMalins ard Mr. Elmsley were the other counsel engaged. Their LOnnems reserved jndgnent. PARR V. JEWELL. The terms upon which the question in this appeal, which has been repeatedly before the Court, should be submitted to a court of law, have been at length arranged. hfr. Eolt, 3fr. Danie, Mr. Elderton, Mr. W. D. Lewis, Mr. J. W. De LbongrieviLe Giffard, Mr. Seriesut Hayes, and 3Ir. C. W. Wood, of the commnon law bar, were counsel for the several parties. THRE 2MRY AND ENNISKILLEN RAIWAY COMPANY V. THE ULSTER RAILWAY COMPANY. The argunents in this appeal from a decision of ViceChancellor Stuart were conimenced. His Honour had dis. missed the bill, and the plaintiffs now appealed. Mr. Daniel and Mr. Speed were for the plaintis;- Mr. Bacon and tr. T. Stevens for the Ulster comnZay; Mr. Bagshaw, sen., 3Mr. Bagshaw, jun., Mr. W. J. Bovill, and Mr. wacrory for other parties.
VICE-OHANCELTARA' mTuRn -Tm 2 P13NY V. AT.T.T. (BeforC Vice-ChancdUor Sir J. STAUAU.l This Court was occupied to-day upon this case, in which the principal question was whether a recovery had been properly suffered a question of very small professional, and of no general interest. Mr. Mahns and Mr. Hardy were for the plaintiff -r. Walker and Mr. Berkeley for the defendant. (Before Vicc-ChanceUorSYrW. P. WOOD.) CMIIsTnE V. CANEROX. Mr. BOlusG moved that one of the solicitors of the Court mighE be assigned guardian dlitem of an infant defendant, who was an under-graduate at Exeter College, Oxford. The plaintiff had been unable to discover the residence of the infant's father and mother, and the family solicitor had declned to furnish any information. The bill and notice of the application had been served upon Dr. IAghtfoot, the head of the college, and also upon the infant himself; and the only question was upon the words of the 32d order of May, 1845, which directed that the Court must be satisfied that the application wa3 served upon or left at the dwellinghouse of the person with whom or under whose care such defendant was at the time of serving such subpcena; and (in the case of such defendant being an infant (not residing with or under the care of his father or guardian) that notice of such application was also served upon or left at the dwellinghouse of the father and guardian of such infant, unless the Court should think fit to dispense with such last mentioned service. The VICA-CAcN;LLOR thought that the head of the college might be said to be the person under whose care this infant was residing, and that the words of the section would be thus satisfied.
COURT OF QUEMPS BENCHe WyRmwT,n'P ST- 2 0 KfIlES V. OSSLOW%. (Sttings in Banco, before Lord COy:BTi and = 'u-s COLFRIIDGE ERLE, and CROMPTONAi rAr. w. EiI COOKE moved for a rule to show canse why the Bishop of London should not return the amount levied under a writ of sequestration, or why he should not pay over to the plaifitiffthe sum of 1531. The plaintiff had recovered judgment against the Rev. Mr. Onslow, the rector of Stoke Newington, and in the year 1843 lodged a writ of sequestration with the Archbishop of Canterbury, in whose peculiar juisdiction the living formerly was. At that time there were two sequestrations on the file, one of. which was satisfied in 1850, and the other in 1854. In the year 1845, under an order in Council confirmed by the 10th and 11th of Victoria, chap. 98, the parish of Stoke Newington was transferred to the diocess of London, and in the same year the archbishop transferred the plaintiff's writ of sequestration to the bishop. The bishop, who was no doubt indemnified, said, the writ was a nullity, and required the plaintiff to bring a new sequestration directed to the Bishop of London. Four other sequestrations had been lodged, and the bishop was now proceeding on the fourth; and if the plaintiff should do as he was desired the plaintiff's clain would be postponed. Under these circmnstances he (Mr. Cooke) moved for this rule, and he hoped he might be allowed to add to it that the bishop should pay over the amount. There could be no doubt that the bishop was the proper ecclesiastical sheriff, for the sequestration did not abate on its transfer to the biahop any more than it did oni the death of a bishop. This had been decided in "Powell v. Hibbert," and "P helps v. Sb. John." Lord C&ZuNnLL said, tho learned counsel might take a rule, and he might add to it that the money should bs paid *o the plaintiff. Rule n*ie granted. The Court, after taking motions, proceeded with the cases in the special paper. BUSLNESS oF TnIE CouRT. After the cases in the Crown Paper have been disposed of this day (Wednesday) the Court will take the cases in the new trial paper. BAIL COURT. (Sittings at NisiPrius, before Mr. Justice WIonrvMsA and Common, Jsuries.) ROBINSON V. FOWLER. Mrr. Overend and lMr. Hamerton were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Hawkins appeared for the defendant. This was an action on a promissory note for 251. The defendant pleaded that the note was au accommodation note, that it had been obtained by fraud and covin, and that the plaintiff had given no consideration for it. After some discussion between counsel as to the right to Ir. beWn s stated the case for the defendant.-She was a lady residing at Trinity-sqare, and had made the note at the solicitation of afriend, on the undertaking that she should not be called on to pay it. Mliss Hannah :Fowler, the defendant, said, she was acquainted with a Mfr. Clapp in October last. He was in -the Queen's Prison. He twice applied to her to give him a promissory note. She refused, but on the 9th of November, after he had been discharged from prison, she gave him the note for 251., on which this action was brought. She owed him no money. Mr. Thistlethvwaite, the attorney, was present. He and Clapp both declared she would neverbe called on for the amount of the note. Cross-e-amined.-She had known M1r. Clapp for three years and a-half. Part of the time she had lived with him as his wife. Before she knew him she had a child, which was still alive. The debt for which Clapp was arrested had not been incurred for the maintenance of her child. He was indebted to several persons. He owed 71. for jewelry. She had not got the jewelry. Hie was discharged through the Insolvent Court the day the note was made. Thistlethwaite was his attorney. He had not been paid his costs, and he asked her to give the note that he might have some security that Clapp would not leave the country. She never sutested that she had a friend who would pay the anount for ler. She abandoned the name of Clapp about a week after. She had since passed as Mrs. Canning. Clapp vwas in America. She knew nothin of the plaintiff. Mrs.lElisa Moore, sister ok the defendant, was present wFhen tne note was made. Thistlethwraite and Clapp both promised that the defendant should nlever be called on for thie amtount. l{r. Overend stated the pIki*$iff'aae. - MSr, Bobinson, the plaintil, depoacd that lax was all attorney in Yorkshire. He had some basiness transactions with Mr. Thistlethwaite.- He-wxs-t his office in London in November last, and then discounted thelbill at his recesS. He gave 231. ,as. for it. He paid by a check. .ene# nothing of the circumstanoes under whIich the note hadhbeen given. Crsexamined.-Mr. Thistletiwaite tuld him the parties were welU able to pay, and hemade nofurther inqmines. He knew nothing of the defendant or her jewelry; lhe was not in the habit of discounting bills, but he aid a little when he had money to spare. He gave Thistlethwaite notice of dishonour, but had never asked him to'pay the amount. There was a runnng ascount between them, but he coild not ray. whichwaythebalance was. Me hadneverdebiTedbTistlethwaite with the amount of the note. He discounted another note for him on the same day. He could not say. whether it had sinoe been paid. Mr. HAwxms having replied on the whole case, His TORDSHIP smTned up. He told the jury thit the qfuestion for them was, -whether the plaintifflhad given consideration for the note without knowledge of the cicum. stance under which it had been made ? The jury returned a verdict for the defendant. MUMS V. LONG- Mr. Metcalfe was counsel for the plaintiff; the defendant conducted his case in person. - This action was brought to recover compensation for injuzieo sastained by the plaintiff in consequence of falling through a trapdoor in the shop of the defendant, a green|grooer, iedig at ilow-street, Bermondsey. The plaintif, Elabeth tums, is a trimming maker. On the night j of the9thof June ahe went to the defendant's shop, but had only miade a few steps across the floor when she fell through the trap into the cellr, a height of six feet ; she was much hurt, and was confined for seven weesim The trap opened against the counter, and was not easily distingusale, The shop was not well lighted. The defendant cross-examined the witnesses for the plain. tiff; he then called his wife, who however did not vay the facts as stated. She admitted another person had f3en. through the trap, and that it had since been altered. He then addressed the jury. He said he had offered to pay the doctor's bill inthreeinstalments, but could donothingmore, as he was a poor man. His LobsHerP left it to the jury to say whether the r open, or whether the accident was to be attributed to want odue careon the part of the pLaintiff.- - The jurysrreturned a verdictfor the plaintiff-damages, 15!,
COUIT OF COMON PLEAS, WExmsmNT JUN 3. (.ltings in Banco, Trinity 2erm.) The Court sat to-day in error in the Exchequer-chamber. (SiMi17n at isi Prius, before fr. Juaticc CROWnDE. arm. a Comnmon J7nry.) CA:PD V. CARR AND OTHERS. IIr. 1dward James, Q.C., and 2x. Quain appeared for the plaintiff; Mx. Atherton, Q.G, and MIr. Joyce were couneel lor the defendants. t e f t This was an action brought to recoverfromthe defendants certain sums paid to them as trustees for the Guardian Benefit Building Society by war of subacription or deposit. The society had elected to forfeit the shares oE the plaintZ but according to his showing had received arrears from hm after the tie 'when they might have dedlared a forfeiture. In the course of the trial so many points of pure law were raised on both sides that the learned judge suggested that a special case should be drawn up for the opinion of the Court, and this course was ultimately adpted. TAR.ANT V. NRBn. Mr. Udall was counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. ML Smith, Q.C. and Mr. G. B. Hughes appeared for the defendant. The defendant is a house decorator and painter, and in October last he was employed to do some work in the interior of the Carlton clubhouse. For the purpose of performing his contract,a scaffold was erected (according to the case of the plaintlff) under the defendant's directions, in the hall of that building. The plaintiff who was employed on the same work 'with several other men, mounted this scaffold on the 4th of October last, a portion of it gave way and he was precipitated to the ground, and seriously injured, and he now sought to. recover damages orom the defendant, who, as he alleged, had huilt the scaffold in an unsafe and insufficient manner. The defence was that, even if Mr. Webb had erected the scaffold he was not liable for any accident which might happen to the plaintf., who, if he saw that the structure was faulty, need not have gone on it. Several witnesses were caUled on either side, and the trial lasted during a great portion of the day without any point of interest having arisei. The jury eventually found a verdict for the plaintiffdamages, 25l.
COQV2 OP BIZVKR7PJTCF B-mgkaiWatroe, JTunc 3. 1V R17 IV n VATTN IBe forc Mr. Commint6rnemr R0T.lOVn-1 The bankrupt was a shipbroker, of Sun-court, Cornhill, and elsewhere. This was an examination meeting. The accounts had not been filed, but it appeared from a preliminary statement furnished by Messrs. IHarding and Rullein, that the debts of the bankrnpt were about 65,0001.- the assets being about 30,000O. The lHabilities of the bank-- rupt in respect to underwriting, which were at one time of large amount, have become reduced to 51,4421. ;and of which amount it is expected the bulk will run oIE It is supposed that a dividend ap roximating to 9s. in the pound may be the result of the bantruptcy. An adjourment for six weeks wvas ordered. (Before Afr. Commissioner EvANs.) NiT RB BBRABER AND ERADB1E The bankrupts, father and son, were fringe manufacturers, of Newgate.street. Their debts are 9,A541.; liabilities, 4,987!C.; assets nominaL. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Bagley opposed, and Mlr. Lavrance supported. 1>Ir. BAGLEY said, the bankrupts had only produced 300!. or 4001. of assets to meet debts and liabilities amounting to 14,000!. Some years ago the elder bankruPt had made a compromise of 5s. inthe pound with hiscreditors, some of whom had been paid and others not. The bankrpts bad hadlarge dealings in accommodation bills, and a sum of 2,549. had been paid for interest and discounts. The whole of the elder bankrnpt's furniture, at Willesden, had beeu swallowed up in payment of rent, and his domestic expenditure in about five years had been 2,7541. The younger bankrupt had recently married a lady of considerable fortune, from whom he had received upwaxds of 2,7001., as gifts, in the course of 14 months. An attempt had been made to conceal some of the property at Willesden by papering over a closet, and this being discovered Bradbee, sen., had admitted that other property had been removed to a house in liegent's Pari. The bankrupt had induced Mr. Perkins to discount biUs upon men of straw to the amount of 600l., by representations that they were trade bils. The elder bankrupt being examined denied a knowledge of the concealment of the property. His HowouR reserved judgment.
POLICE. MiNeSION-EOUSE-William May was brought before the LosD rAyoro for re-examination upon the charge of having feloniously aided, abetted, counselled and procured awoman whose name is unknown to kill and murder herself by drowning herself in the Thames. 3Mr. Wontuer attended for the prisoner. The following is an abstract of the additional matter. Frederick Gill, who was examined on the former occasion, said,-I wish to add that when the witness Broom came up, hetoretheprisonor's coat, punched his head, and gave hnn a good shaking. Cross-examined by Mr. Wontner.-I heard the prisoner haDoo to the boatmen in the river as well as I did. He said, "I did not think she'd do it." I was not half a yard from her when she jumped in. She made a fall of it down straight into the water. The prisoner had not hold of her wrist at the time. He had part of his body over the prapet. She 'walked along the ledge and dropped. She did not make a jump of it. 'he did not fall accidentaDy in my opinion. She was walking along the ledge aad might have fallen in accidentally. Re-examined.-On the evening of the 29th of May I saw the dead body of a woman at St. Saviour'sworkhous, and I believe it was the body of the womanL Ihad see floating in the river. I took sufficient notice of her fare, clothes, eyes, and eyebrowis as I went over the bridge. lucretia Berry.-I never saw the woman before I saw her on the bridge. On the FEriday afterwards I saw the dead body of a woman in St. Saviour's workhouse. I noticed the clothes of the woman I saw on the bridge particularly, and the clothes produced at the inquest corresponded with those I saw on the woman on the bridge. I believe, therefore, thatthe body was the body of the woman Ihad previously seen. When Broom caught the prisoner by the collar the latter said,-" Let me go," and Broom said,-" Yon vagaboond! you shall not go till a constable comes. Theprisoner struggled very much to get away. Cross.examained by Mr. *Yontner.-I wvas talking to BSroom on the apposite side of the bridge for about 10 minutes, I had seen hin before at a friend's house. I was perfectly sober and had come over to the city. John Broom, cross-examined by Mr. Woontner.-I did not hear the prisoner halloo to the people on the river. I -was, as I consider, sober. I had been out all night. I never saw the witness Berry before. Henry Evans, billiard-marker at the Queen's Head, ilorough, and Samuel Cope, billiard-marker in St. Swithin'slane, said they knew the prisoner, and had been in his company on the morning in question from about a quarter past I till near 3 o'clock, and aarted rith him after having taen tea at a coffeeshop in Union-street. Thev observed that he Was not quite sober, but he was not intoxicated. There was no woman in his company, nor had he said anything aboat meeting amy woman. Sarah Arim Hudson, sister to the prisoner, said tha no -uiember of tho family was missing ; that sbe never knew he -was acquainted with any woman; nor did she know whothe -oman vwas who was referred to as having dropped into the liver. John Carney, a labourer, said he had been sitting in the recess on London-bridze with his legs on the seat, and was neither dronk nor soNer. He had been locked out of his lodging. As he was in that position be heard the words. II You throw yourself over, and I'll follow you." He then saw the prisoner tale a woman by the hsa& and raise her t) thle seat, and then to the parapet and aswitness was gettin - l: p se w ent off, Witness was in: the sme rec95 there this took plae, and from which the woman ium .Heat once haloed out ' Awoman'drowned l and h en saw the pr'ieer held by two of the witneses 'who had given evidence He saw the womnuas head in the water. She Vas going with thetide, and the tide was running up. He heerdthe prisoner say, ",Oh ! good God, who'dhave thoughtv Cmss-examined by 3r. Wontner.-She stood on the parpetandjumpedrightof. . . - Mr. Woter ad, is client was zespectal erson and never ontemplated such an offence as that with which he was carged. The fact was he was wholly nacquainted with the unfortunate girl, and when sie got upon the parapettoplayoe of those dangerous larks _to hichivomenof thse kind are acustomedheaa no idex that shehad the least intention of leaping off, and trewthed out his arms to save her. Crney here said, that a lamnplighter, paSEing at Wnseasonable hours, he had frequently seen tomen dret upo the parapet in the same manner. The depositions were then signled, and his L:ordship said he would decide as to taking bail on Wednesday. BoWr-sTRET.--James Burdy, an incorrigible thief; was charged wiith stealing a watch from Mr. :E. Sutolife, druggist, of 3Manchest6r. The prosecutor was standing in Pickettstreet, Strand, attracted for the moment by a weddingparty, who were leaving St. Clement's Church, when the pnsoner made A udden satch at his watch, broke it away from the chain, &ad ran off. Ary of "Stop thief Pw s raied, and the prisoner 1 ws pursued by police-cnstable F 109, who saw-him thrgw the watch into a doorway in Shire-lane, whereitwmSafterwards picked up and identified. The glass and one of the hands of the watch were broken. Prosecutor aid it wa a, iilvtr watch, worth ab6ut 46. Theprisonerdeelinedto say anything tothe vharge. He had been once or twic previously convicted. Mr. JAnDLSum committed him fortriaL - Alexander Somerville, the literay soldier, who fornerly "whistled at the ploug,wv was charged with aaulting a porter in Covent-garden, n d Spioer. The complainnt stated'that he was in James-street, Covent-arden, at 5o'clock in theimornimg, at vrieblime he saw defendant there in company with a friend. Somebody threw a cabbage-stalk at defendant, who wa drauk, where. nponhbe raised his stick and struck witness a severe blownv o the hd, which knocked him dowvn and stunnea him.' He bad giaen defendant no provocation whatever. Police-constable F 10 corroborated this statement. The defendant aured his worship thatliewastheinjured party. Hle was taldng home a small litery gentlemn), hardly tnree feet high, but exceedingly intellectual, wben he was tll at once surrounded by a gang of rufflans, thievXs, and boys, who pelted him and his little friend withvetable misiles-the offals of the market. Whatever he iaid-he did in self-defence; but he felt certain that although the point of his walklng stick might have touched the peak -o complainant's cap no such violence was used as hadbeen. ePresented ~ ~ use to bad bem . said the complainat had received a severe blowv, evdently without provocation; so defendant had beter make bim some compensation or a fine would be The complainant andthe defendant then retirea, and the case was "settled" out of zourt, the former being content -with 5s. 1ARL'BOliOUGH-STREEr.-For the pDorbox 5s.have been received from "C. M. P." WORsHU:P.snThnr-Eli-a Cooke, a middle-sage, respectable-looking womaii, was c'harged vith robbery. Mr. Duncan Sinclair, a licensed victualler at Hackney, stated,-The prisoner has been three years and a-half in m service, and, though I had only a written character withr her, her conduct was apparently so strictly pradent ind correct that she won my complete confidence, and I intrsted everything to her that it was at all necessary I should. I am sorry to say, howvever, that I now discover she has been robbing me for a long time right and left, and it was only quite by chance I found it out. On Sunday I missed some money I vanted for change from the til, and, the prsoner having accessto it, I for the first time suspected her. I therefore marked somemoremoney, andoncomingdownthis morning missed it. I acused the prisoner, who becasie hysterical, but did not deny it, aud I said, "if 7y have got the money about you, you had better produoe it," which abe did-notall, but nearly so. She beggedto be forgiven, nd I was nearly doing so, but thought l had better have a search made, and the result was, that in her bed Idiscovered a bottle of brandy, a bottle of Cape, a bottle of gin, and. a bottle of rum, and such like, carefullywrapped up audready for remova, and in her box I also discovered iegars and tobacco, and other prope3rt of mine of some value. It is really melancholy to think of the systematic plan of plunder she must have been carrying on upon me, and I have here inmyrhand a letter Ifound among others in her box, from whichitappears that one of her daughters has been concerned with her mother in these robberies. (The prosecutor here handed in a note from the daughter to the pri soner, written in a regular business, off-hand style. inwhich the writer expressed her regret that she had not been able to effect anything in the Way of seling spirits lately, and asked her mother to forward her some rum, n, and brandy, and she would take care to get rid of them.) I must have been a -very great loser, continued the procecutor, by these continued thefts, but the amount they come to I-cannot imagine. Mr. EYN;COU1RT (to the prisoner). -Do you vish that I should decide on this csse summarily, or will you go before a jury? Vrisoner (with downcast head, and sobbing bitterly).-I wish you to decide it, Sir, if you please. Mr. D'ENcousrn.-Very well; then I shl send you to the House of Correction at Westminster for four months, and to be kept to hard labour. CrnERK-nxWEL-M rs. MatildaGi, thepoorwoman who was shot in the arm by some boys who were playing at "Turks and Russians" in Clerkenwell, arid byat tmeans prevented from earning a livelihood for herself, a sick hius hand, and four small children, attended at the court, and stated that on Friday last sbe had undergone an operation, when a large bullet hadbeen taken from her arm, thus proving that the statement of the boy that the pisItol was not loaded was false. To render her distress greater, one day last weekwhile carringone of her children it died suddenly in her arms, which had entailed upon her additional expenses for its burial. The little money which has been sent to the court for her support it has been determined shall be given to her in weekly instalments, SOUrrrWAhss.-Mr. George Mean X master butcber cawring on busainess in St. George's-mnarket, Soutbwark was brought before Mr. -A?Bxcxrrr for inal examination charged with having feloniously received and disposed of 46 sheep, the puroperty of Mfr. Willia Scales, wholesale butcher, High-street, Aldgate, and Mlr. Askew, the lessee o£ 3Mr. X-BECnITrr said that it was a case for a jury to decide. He should commit him for trial. Mr. Solomons hoped his worship would accept bail under the circumstances. Mr. A'BEC had no objection. He must obtain two responsible sareties in 501. each, and enter into his owe recognizauces in 1001. for his appearance at the next Central triminal Court sessions, The prosecution would Tequire 24 hours' notice of baiL L-Amss,rTL-Daniel Scott, awell-dressed person, wearing mustachios, wcsbrought up for final examination beforeMr. ETLIOTT, on a charge of pieldng the pocket of a lady named Pewtress of her purse, containing about 21. in gold atd sfiver. It appeared that on the 24th of last month a fancy fair for charitable purposes was held in the park of Mr. Treadwell, of Streatham, at which Mrs. Peewress attended, and having purchased some small articles at one of the stalls, she replaced her purse into her pocket, and was walkdng awav, wnen theprisoner, with a dexterity which provedhimn to be a practised hand in his " profession," picked her pocket o£ it. Fortunately for the ends of jushte, the prisoner was closely watched and secured on the spot. Mr. John Thomas Emmerson, a lentleman residing at Alderley-edge, near Manchester, said he was at the fancy fair, and having recognized the prisener as a person who hAd been pointed out to him as a thief when returning from Leek fair, in Staffordshire, some days before, he determined to keep his eye upon him, and did so. Almost immediately after he distinctly saw him turn over the folds of Ars Pewtress's dress, put his hand in her pocket, take cut xomething, and place it in is own. HIeinstantly laidlhold of himin by the collar, saying he suspected him, and at that moarent he saw the purse belonging to M. Pewtres on the ground at her feet. Mr. ELLTOTT-Did the prisoner say anything when you laid hold of him? Mr. Eminmerson.-Yes, Sir. He coolly said, "I beg your pardon, you make a great mistake; Im a gentlemaa." lLaughter.) Prisoner.-Did you say that after taking the pue out oE the lady's pocket I put it into mine? Mr. Emrnerson.-Yes, I did say so, and it is my impression that you did so, but took it out immediately and threw it on the ground. Prisoner.-Did Iaunderstand ,outo say that you saw rny hand in the lady's pocket? MIr. Ermmerson.--Yes; I said so. I'risoner.-How coul you see my hand if it was in the pocket? (Iaughtm1 athat yo h ad your hand in the pocl-et. Youseeexc6edingly sbxr Prisoner.--Not ffeiently sharp foryou, MIr. Emmrson.-so it appers. Police-constable CharlesIean= 83 P, said that on searching the prisoner he found on his person a gold watch and [1. 5s. 9d. in money. The witness also sad that be hA written to the station-master and superintendent of police at Leek respecting the prsoner, but had not as yet received any answer from them. The prisoner, who declined saying anything in defence, was fIly committed for trial.
-WA IAL u-D -MTIT A Y INTBEELfGNOE. The steam-transpcrt Tynemouth, No. 102, Captain steward, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Balaklava with S00 of the Army Works Corps. The Chester steam-transport, No. 182, left Spithead on Monday evening for the Thames. The Australian steam-transport, No. 120, left Portsmouth Tor the Crimea on Monday night to return with troops. Her Majesty's sloop Geyser, 6, Commander Tower, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to coal, &c. Her Majesty's sloop Gorgon, 6, Commander Towsey, left Portsmouth harbour on Monday evening, and anchored at Spithead to await orders. The steam-transpoir Colombo left Portsmouth for Southampton yesterday. Vice-.Admniral Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., went to Spithe.d yesterday in the Fire Queen steam-tender, Master Commander Paul, and inspec ed sundry of the ships left at that anchorage, from which a move to sea is anticipated. Be also inspected the Medea preparatory to her being paid off. The Intrepid, 6, despateh gun-vessel, Commander Wood, was exercised yesterday at the measured mile in Stoke'sbay. Her Majesty's ship Arrogant, 46, Captain Lyster, is or. -ered to be equipped immediately for the reception of the British Ambassador and suite, who are about to proceed tD St. Petersburg. The engines of the gunboat Pheasant were yesterday mnorninA tried under steam in Woolvich steam fitting basin. e- The Quail and the Ripple gunboats were towed down to Woolwich on Monday evening from the builder's at Blackw-all, and are to go through the ordinary process of being itted for reserve. The screw-transport W. S. Lindsay, No. 98, has completed landing her cargo at Woolwich, and, being no longer required by the transport department, her number has been srdered to be erased. The East Indiaman Herefordshire, having been re-engaged by the Transport Board, is to sail to-day from Wool. wich to embark troops from the East. The following ganboats arrived at Falmouth on Sunday evening from.Portsmouth-viz., the Starling, Commander Piers; the Drake, Lieutenant Peilo; the Beaver, Lieutenant Hoskins; and the Janus, Lieutenant Robson. These vessels are intended to be joined by others, and to await the 3momentarily expected arrival of Commodore Watson, C.B., in the Imperieuse frigate, for the purpose of proceeding on :n experimental cruise in the ChanneL The screw steamship Orion, 91, Captain John E. Erskine, was taken out of the basin dock at Keyham, Plymouth, on Monday, and the Edinburgh, 60, Captain Richard S. Hewlett wvas taken in to have defects made good. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Hecla, 0, Commander Aplin, is appointed to leave Plymouth on Saturday for the coast of Africa. The steam-transport Gerniania, No. 702, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Sunday, disembarked the 54th RIegiment, aud embarked six companies of the Limerick Militia on Monday, and sailed yesterday morning for Limerick. The following appointments have been made at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant B. L. lefroy, to the Pioneer; Lieutenant Morgan Singer, to the Duke of Wellington; Lieutenant IC. H. Clutterbuck-, to the Acorn: Lieutenant Francis A. Hlune, to the EL,; Lieutenant H. N. Knox, to the Virago; Lieutenant E. A. T. Stubbs, to the Assurance; Lieutenant J. S. Keats, to the Brilliant; Lieutenant J. M. Jackson, to command the Oberon; Lieutenant E. Chambers, to the Blenheim ; Lieutenant W. F. Robinson, to the Formidable; Lieutenant A. B. Wright, to the Merlin; Lieutenant John C. Wells, to the Niger; Lieutenant T. Le H. Ward, to the 3Blenheim; Hugh Campbell, master to the Brilliant; Samael Winnecott, master to the M1erlin; Edward T. Watkins, surgeon to the Brilliant; John R. Holinan, promoted to surgeon to the Merlin; Richard J. Pearse, second master to the Lizard; George MW. Atkinson, master's assistant to the Atalanta; R. H. Boyle, midshipman to the Cossack; H. F. Bunbury, midshipman to the Monarch; E. W. Hereford, midshipman to the Acorn; H. Austin, mridshipman to the Acorn;* S. M. Weston, naval cadet to the Brilliant; A. L. Cl.arkson, naval cadet to the Magicieune, A. J. F. 31usgrave, naval cadet, to the Brilliant; Hyde Parker, naval cadet, to the Bnilhiant; R. E. Kerr, acting assistantsurgeon to the Atalanta. The following Mtates have been promuoted to be Lieutenants, to bear date June 3 John Fitzmaurice Lenon, Annesley Tarner Denham, Edward W. Hawes, J. W. Leslie Oakes, Edward Montgomery Collier, Richard Hastings Harington, W. Heniker Heaton, W. Follett Johnston, Richard Charles Hasler, Charles Donaldson Davies, Arthur Roger Tinklar, Noel Osborn, Ferdinand BenrySolly Flood. Henry Cardaie, Hffenry Francis HIovenden, Edwiard Kelly, Gordon Cornuwallis Sinclair, Robert Pitman, Hon. Arman Lowvry Corry, and HEon. Jamesi Terence Eitzmnauricee The followi-n have been promoted to the rank of Masters, to bear date June 2:- J. P. M'Clune, J. H. Kerr, Philip WV. W. Oke, R. Netten, Samuel Winnecott, and Abraham J. A. Packs. THE MIIUTIA. Four hundred and ffty men and 20 officers of the Westmeath Militia arrived in Dublin on Monday, at 10 o'clock a.m., per the Cleopatra steam-transport, from England. The head-quarters of the -West Kent Militia arrived in Dublin on Monday, from Galway, and at once proceeded to join the remainder of the regiment in barracks.
TO THE EDITOPR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Having the misfortune to lose my purse, containing 7. Ils. Sd., all in cash, I caused a few bills to be circulated in the neighbourhood, offering no stated amount as a reward, the reut of which s that the sum hxasbeen returned tome by a worldng man-a journeyman carpenter, maling no particular demand as a remuneration,leaving the amount to my owin liberality. I need not mention the amount with which I rewarded sim, but should have been more liheral towards him had amy means allowed me to be so. I feel great pleasure in forwvarding his name and address (W. Roads, 4, Eccleston-place, Pimlico), with the hope that some charitable persons may feel disposed to encourage him in his business as amends for his honesty. Yours respectfully, .N X. COWOBHAi1. 22, Stocsbridge-termce, Pinilico.
THsE ROYAL W LEb5TMI_S$TIER OPIITHALM3IC HO.SrITAL. -The annual meeting of the governors and friends of this c harty was held at the Hospital, Charing-cross, yesterday afternoon, the Marquis of TWestmiinster in the chair, in the absence of the president, the Duke of Richmond. The chainran of the committee of management, Sir John Svinburne, who has manifested his interest in the hospital by constant and munificent donations, and by being invariably present at these meetings, was unavoidably absent on account of ill health; but at the board wvere the Earl of Stafford, the Earl De Grey, Major-General Broke, Admiral Grace, Colonel Vood, sen., of Littleton, Colonel Wood, jun., of the Grenadier Guards, Mr. Lewis Powell, the deputy-chairman, Mr. C. J. Bunyon, other governors, and several officers of the hospital. According to the annual report read by the secretary, Mr. G. C. Farrant, the hospital ad been supported at the expense of 8211. 12s. 3d. for the year ending the 31st of December last, and there was left a deficiency of assets for the current year of 171. 13s. 10d. Only the interest of the inalienable fund had been appropriated for the purposes of the hospital; the principal lormed a penianent capital to insure the future existence -of the liospital on an enlarged scale. 4,8001. stock was invested, but 12,0001. were required to receive an extended number of in-patients. 110,641 persons had availed them. selves of the benefits of the charity since its formation to the first day of the present year. 2,328 had been restored to sight by operations for cataract and the formation of an artificial pupil; 4,603 had had their appearance improved by the removal of squinting; 5,938 had during the past year been admaitted to the benefits of the hospital; 184 hail been in-patients. The number of in-patients -was 1owv 24. But the hospital had two wards closed, and many urgent and important cases had been refused solely for the want of funds. The minutes of the special meeting of the l5th of 3May las were read, in wivch the commtltec expressed regret for the death of 'Mr. Guithrie, and testified affection and respect for hnm on account of his valuable services to the hospital over a period of nearly 40 years, and of the skill and energy with wlhich he had promoted its interests. The meeting expressed its entire concurrence in the testimony borne in those minutes to the memory of Ir. Gnthrie. After a long discussion between the noble chairman, the Earl of Strafford, the Earl De Grey, the Dean -of Hereford, General Broke, Colonel Wood, and others, it ivas unaniniously resolved that, in order to perpetuate regard for the memory of Mr. Guthrie, a subscription should he entere(d into to be applied in aid of the Iaalienable Fund, and.tobe called thle Guthlie Fund. The subscriptions for this ftind from the noblemen and gentlemen present amountedto 1:301. STRAIM.N, PAVL, A-ND BRTES.-Sonse time since we took occasion to dra-w the attention of our readers to the difference in the crimes of these three partners in the late banking concern, slowwing that Sir John Paul and Mr. Strahan were the actors in the (lisgraceful transactions - shared in the expectation of the profits, while MIr. Bates - was absent during the time their crimes were committed ; and also that, in point of fact, Mr. Bates was a salaried clerk, althougi nominally a partner. We suggested that there was a wide distinction between the parties. We are now happiy to learn that this distinction has been acenowledged yy the Inome-office, and that the memorial preseited on behalf of Mr. Bates havi,aigbeen referred to the 4T.udge who tried the case, Baron Alderson, it has been in-tinhated to the friends of Mxr Bates that the difference zbe,weeis his position and that of his partners has been retcoak red, asndL that a mitig-tin Tisent gltokd for in his case, aithough his ipnily tobe lastem eo -~~~ ~~~ immV,V TSNE7S 1ediate req-lease fo ,ce4aptity'cannot be expected. Sir J. iPaul, together with Mro eat±es, is at Pentonviie - Mr. Straligh in one of the con .psons near London; and it is thought, when these -t*, eg to their final deetination, that the clemency of 1the Ciro.r Vill be extended to lfr. Bates, and his liberation 'take pLe We are pleased to fled that this distinction in gu~ilt has been vimitted, and is soon: li~kely to be acted on. *-1ublin-Post -eae euee TftE Rgvnsw _4T S NDHURsrWIear eueie i~osta_te that the Roy!N.ortIi LincoIn Regament was omitted,j3iOttor Listof` emen'g puesebt at Sandburst yesfterday. *j~t rell'. ethat marchepa.
SPORBTNG INTELLIGENCE. TATTERS A TN S, TtIESDAY. THE SLwm;'G NoN TEI DERY. slne general settlng took place to-day, and, although numerous disappointments were experienced, yet a large majority of the speculators who were present concurred in the opinion that, all things considered, satisfactory progress was made. Only one case of default is held to be hopeless. It will be in the recollection of our sporting readers that after the race for the Cambridgeshire Stakes last year a Mr. P-, or, as he is designated in the ring, " Captain"' P-, was found wanting. Through the kindness and indulgence, however, of his principal creditors he was allowed opportunities of retrieving his losses if possible. He has nevertheless again "come to grief ;" and now to avoid the upbraidings and importunities of his friends and creditors lie has not thought it convenient to appear. That portion of speculators denominated "The Public" comprises the principal losers. Ellington was not " ThePublic's" horse, andthe chief winners by his success consist of only a few persons, the most fortinate being Messrs. Hargreaves, Jackson, W. Robinson, Copperthwaite, and T. Dawson; the aggregate amount of their wvinnings is said to exceed 80,0001. t Blthough, at starting, Ellington was at a comparatively long price, yet he was not a veritable outsider. Duing the winter he was, indeed, second favourite, and was backed at a short price. Many persons who then got on were, subsequent to the horse's defeat at York in the spring, unable to hedge, and were therefore compelled to stand their money out. Bookmakers lose, but the amount is comparatively moderate. With regard to the gentlemen sportsmen the result of the Oalks made considerable amends for the defeat of their Derby favourites. As usual, the approaches to the Subscription-room were densely crowded; but Messrs. Goddard and Langley did good service in preventing the intrusion of suspicious characters. Not a bet worth quoting came under our notice.
THE CASE OF PAILMER. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Notwithstanding the tone of your recent article upon the case of my unhappy client, WiliDam Palmer, I still trust to your known spirit of justice and fairplay that you will insert this communication for me. I am not going to weary you with a scientific disquisition, nor to impeach the Judge's charge, nor the verdict which was founded upon it. Iam about to state facts admitted by the Crown upon the trial, and upon these powerful and allimportant features of the case I confidently look for the support of the public generally. In the first place, the theory of perfect absorption, as pro. pounded by Dr. Taylor, is new and hypothetical, not in any wvay warranted by experience. Secondly, as the theory has not been proved by any reliable experiment, it may be false. Thirdly, if strychnia is not absorbed and decomposed, and can be found under similar circumstances as those which existed, and now exist, in the case of the late John Parsons Cook, then my client wiU have been the victim of an erroneous conviction, if atrychnia cannot now be discovered in the remains of the body of the deceased. Hour after hour I receive communications from professional gentlemen of the first eminence in direct antagonism to Professor Taylor's doctrine; and, as the recital of the case -has travelled over various parts of the world, this novel and strange notion of absorption is strongly combated. Remember the life of a human being is at stake. The prerogative of mercy has lately been exercised in two cases of murder, and the spirit of the age, combined with your powerful approbation, made the exercise of that prerogative popular. I do not seek for pardon-nay, not even a commutation of the sentence. I only ask that William Palmer's life should be spared until a commission of inquiry should test, in such manner as may be thought most expedient, the soundness or falacy of Dr. Taylor's theory. Such a commission, I submit, ought to be appointed by Government, for if Palmer be guilty, and shown to be so, the medical and scientific doubt will have been solved, and science benefited; but, if he be innocent, then would every honest heart rejoice that life had not been sacrificed to an apparent scientific dog-ma. Should Palmer lie in a felon's grave, and the whole theory of absorption turn out to be the veriest imagination, what would be the public indignation upon the question-what the feeling of his Judges and the jurors? If the larger tests and experiments conducted by impartial men, unprejudiced by professional jealousy, be confirmatory of his guilt, in God's name let the law take its course, and a felon's grave be his final resting-place. Time, then, for the sake of truth, for the elucidation of science, for the security of the public not only of this generation, but of generations to come, ought to be granted for the purpose of further inquiry. Let not Palmer live for his own sake, nor yet for his lost child, crushed by early sorrow and dishonour, but for the larger (althoughnot dearer) and more comprehensive objects I have stated. I am. Sir. vours resnectfullv. - .oix?i 11ITH. Bacon's Hotel, Great Queen-street, June 3. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The trial of William Palmaer having terminated, I feel at liberty to request the favour of your permission to state the facts of the post mortem examination of the remains of Mr. Cook, which were so misapprehended by the Attorney-General in opening the case for the prosecution that he, I am sure unintentionally, did me great injustice. I need not add that your endorsement of his allegation in your leader, affirming that the " body was unskilfully dissected," makes me the mnore anxious to clear myself from an erroneous and injurious'impression. It was agreed at a consultation held at Mr. Freer's, at and,gley, that the stomach and intestines should be opened, an,with their contents-, enclosed in a jar. It was further considered and agreed that the spinal cord need not he examined if its upper portion anid the brain should prove it to be in a healthy condlition. At the examination I was assisted by Mr. Newton, a young gentleman who had unfortunately never witnessed a post mortem. He punctured the stomach, and about a teaspoonful of its contents was lost. Afterwards, when Dr. Harland and I were examining the lining membrane, Ar. Newton suddenly turned the stomach inside out ; an additional half-teaspoonful was thus lost, the remainder falling into the jar. This accounts for Dr. Taylor finding the mucous membrane in contact withi the intestines. With the exception of this casual punctutre, I maintain that the post mortem was skilfully performed. Having deveted a considerable portion of five years to dissections and to post mortem examinations at King's College, I feel justified in making that asertion. From the want of an opportunity for this explanation I have been the victim of several attacks, both in the Central Criminal Cour-t and in the daily papers, which I should certainly have anticipated had I been aware when under examination of the terms in which I had been alluded to by the Attorney-General. T hiave the honour to remaain. Sir. your obedlient servant. C. J. DEVONSHIRE, B.A.. Surgeon. namPion-court, midcidlesex, Slay 29.
PnAMER's TRI.-The chief-magistrate of BristoL Mr. John Vining, was during Palmer's trial wvaited upon by a stranger, who introduced himself as the Solicitor of the Treasury, and asked his worship if Mr. Herapath had not said to him in conversation that "he had no doubt that Cook died of strychnine, but Dr. Taylor had not the talent to find it, and that had he (Mr. 13erapath) examined the body he had no doubt he would have discovered the poison." As the gentleman asked the question he held a memorandui in his hand, to which he apparently referred. The Mayor replied that he could not exactly repeat the words Mr. Herapath had used, but that he made some observations tohim and some other members of the Improvement Committee, while attending a meeting of that body some time ago, and that the impression made on his (the Mayor's) mind by what Mr. merapath said -was to the same effect as the statement made by the Solicitor of the Treasury. Upon this, the latter proceeded to the Telegraph-office, and communicated with the Attorney. Generat, who was in court, the result of his interview with theMayor. The Attorney-Gencral telegraphed to bring up the Mayor at once, so his worship was instantly subpnonae4, and started for London with the Solicitor of the Treasury. The way in which the Crown came to be made acquainted with MTr. Herapath's observation to the Mayor was this : -The Attorney-General received an anonymous letter, stating that Mr. Herapath had made sach a remark to the Mayor and others. The note, however, had the postmark of a village in Somersetshire. andby this clue they traced it to a solicitor residing there, who at once, on beinm questioned, admitted it was his letter, and further added that lie had heard the circumstance from the iMayor himself. Mr. Herapath, it will be remembered, was one of the principal witnesses for the defence of Tawell, the Quaker. On the evening before Tawel's execution Sir Fitzroy Xelly, the prisoneres counsel, is said to have waited upon Sir James Graham, then House Secretary, in company with Mlr. HXerapath, and to have urged upon him the duty of respiti,ng the prisoner, on the ground of Mr. Herapath's nrofoemd conviction of his innocence. At the tory same sour Tawell was confessing the particulars of his crime in A:ylesbury gaol. FIREWORKS AT WOOiwscnr.-Tlc l'erumants of the flrewvorks exhibited in Irondon are returning to WVoolwich tn waggon loads night and day. As soon as the whole has bs cleared away no time ie to be lost in refitting for the entet-,ainment to be given on Woolwich-common. The authorities have not yetf$xed upon the day when the Woolwich festival will take place. The scale of grandeur will be equal to the exiibition in either of the london Parks, in all its variety, with the exception of an unimportant reduction s the standin7gpieces there exhibeited. The laboratory de- prtment is then to be zeduced to the ordinary peace estabushrent. Consequently upwvards of 500 mlen anld b,oys have Y"9oeiyd netice of discharge.*-
j UUNIYERSITY INzEBLIGENCE. OXFORD, JTuE 3. THE COMMEMORATION. TShe degree of D.C.L. will be conferred by diploma on the Prince Regent of Baden ana Prince Frederick William of Prussia, in the Convocation House, at 9 a.m. to-morrow. Count Bernstorff, the Priussian Minister, and the Marquis of Abercorn are added to the list of those on whom the honorary D. CL. degree will be conferred. B Fine weatherjas continued to favour the commemoration gaieties. La night the beauty of the evening tempted unusual numbers to the river side to view the annual procession of the racing boats. The various barges moored along the water's edge were crowded with spectators, and the whole river was covered with sliffs, punts, dingies, canoes, and boats of every description. The Wadham boat, being at the head of the river, received the usual honours from nearly 20 others. The only extraordinary circumstance which marked the occasion was the capsizing of the Christ Church second eight, which turned over as the rowers were making their salute to the head boat. The accident was attended with no ill consequences, and tho rowers one and all swam across the stream to their barge. In the evening two balls took place,-one given by theFreemasons, in the Town-hall; the other, given by certain members of New College, in the hall of that magnificent building. Both were numerously attended, and dancing was kept up to a late hour. To-day, at 10 a.m., there was a general gathering of the visitors to New College Chapel, where Dr. Hook preached the annual sermon in favour of the Radeliffe Infirmary, and Madame Viardot sang the anthem. At half-past 12 Worcester College-gardens were thrown open to the public, for the exhibition of the Oxfordshire Horticultural Society. The principal flowers were arranged in the tent erected for the Freemasons' dijeMner, where the geraniums and azalias presented a magnificent coup i4 the other flowers being of no great pretensions. At 2 o'clock the miscellaneous concert took place in the theatre, and was eminently successfuL Not a vacant seat was to be seen, and the various pieces in which Madame Jenny Lind Goldschmidt sang were rapturously applauded. To-night there is a second ball, given by the Freemasons of the Apollo Lodge; and also a conversaaone at Wadham College. Disputations for the degree of B.D. will be held in the Divimty School on Tuesday and Wednesday, June 10 and 11, at 2 o'clock. The opponents and respondents are the Rev. J. M. Rice and the Rev. E. T. Garnsey, both Fellows of Magdalen College. The Radcliffe librarian has given notice that on Saturday evening, Aug. 9, and on every succeeding Saturday until further notice, the Radcliffe library will, by permission of the Radcliffe trustees, be open to all students from 7 p.m. till 10 p.m. Persons desirous of using the library, whether residents in the University, or city, or neighbourhood, may obtain orders of admission without payent by applying at the library on any Saturday evening between the hours of 7 and 10p.m., subject oniy to such regulations as may from time to time be deemed necessary for the convenience of the library. The ex;aminers in the Iodern History School have adjourned their examination till Thursday.
OX;FORD UNlvERsriT.-We are requested to state that the recently elected Bridgeman Exhibitioners of Queen's College, Oxford, are not Mr. G. E. Wood and Mr. P. Horden, both fromMarlboroughSchool but Mr. G. B. Ward ad hir. P. Hordern, both from Marlborough College. NArION.AL SOCIETY FOR THE EDUCATION OP THE PooR.-Few of our readers can be unacquainted with the aim and prKensions of this society, which was instituted in 1811, and incorporated by Royal Charter in 1817, for promoting the education of the poor in the principles of the established church throughout England and Wales. It is a church society, and is jointly directed by the ecclesiastical authorities of the kingdom, certain peers or Privy Councillors, and a nmnber of members "lay and clerical." In the course of nearly half a century's existence the National Societyhas been the means of effecting a great deal of good-in what direction may be best explained to the hitherto uninitiated by citing a passage from the prospectus:-"The operations of the society inelude the building and enlargement of schools and teachers' residences, the training of teachers, a depository for the sale of books and apparatus, the instruction and organizing of schools, and generally the promotion of education on.the principles of the church of England." The contributions of the society in aid of school-building (up to 1855) have amounted to 349,6912.; the nuinber of teachers " trained" in the course of the last 13 years is no less than 3,108. Until lately the National Society enjoyed the direct countenance of the State, and by Royal letter, trienniallv granted, a sum of more than 8001. a-year was realized. Thenewviews of national education,however,adopted by our legislators and the Committee of Council hiave materially altered the condition of things. The Royal letter has been withdrawn, and the National Society is now compelled to rely entirely upon the aid of the church itself, and its uncompromising adherents. So much the better; and thus seemed to think the Lord Bishop of Lichfield, who, in a very impressive and enlightened discourse (text, Hosea, chap. 4, verse 6-" My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge"), while plainly regretting the discontinuance of State support, inculcated the noble principle of self-reliance, and suggested that a " godly jealousy" should now embolden the church to promote its own cause with all the greaterenergy. The right rev. prolate enlarged upon the invaluable benefits of education; and, in maintaining that education could be of little ultimate value unless based upon certain religious principles, magnanimously avowed his respect forhonest opinions whiediffered from his own, and did not attem,Pt to deny that a special pressure of the times had necessarily induced Government to separate itself from all compulsory systems of education. Thus armed with a conviction of the admirable utilitv of the National Society for promoting the education of the poor according to the fixed notion of the established church, and, at the same time, with a generous disdain to imnpugn the sincerity of any true Christians who, from inward conviction, might entertain other views, the eloquence of the preacher had tenfold weight, and none could listen to his sermon without a profound sense of its excellent tendency and hearty genuineness. The apology for an appeal to public assistance on the present occasion, and forattracting an unusuallylarge congregation to Westminster Abbey, was rather pompously announced as a " choral festivaL" This consisted of a full choral service, to which the choirs of the Chapels Royal, St. Paul's, and St. George's, Windsor, lent their aid. Taking the will for the deed, we append the list of musical compositions which formed part of the service OntD3R OF SMVIcM Itewpnses .. .. .. .. .. TaBis. Ctant . by TeSlo) M agnificat and iNlunbimitis .. .. Ebdon in C. After the Third Collect. He that shall endure unto the end (Matt. A xiv., 13) j- Mendelssohn. After the Sermon. O where shall wisdom be found (Job Boyce. 3xviii., 12) At the conclusion of the Prayers and before the Blessing. o come, let us sing unto the Lord(Psahn H xcv., 1) .. . . e Of course no one would wish to change Tallis's reponses, until (which is not likely) something better could be found, on a less antique pattern; but we object to the character of the chant (in which the congregation could not join, with facility), while the music to the "Iagnificat" and "Nunc Dimnittis" was hopelessly commonplace. Bove's anthem would have been better had it been complete; while Handel's without an orchestra (which an organ cannot replace) loses half its effect. The only musical part of the ceremony that was really implessive wasthe beautifully devotionalchorusfrom Elijah, andthis was so well given by the united choirs (although in too slow a time) that it bore out all we have said, when speaking of such solemnities, about the possibility of rendering them more important and mo)re interesting in a musical sense. The members of the choirs liked the piece from Mlendelssohn's oratorio, and therefore sang it well; but they were utterly sick of the others, and therefore, for the most part, sang them negligently and listlessly. The " Festival" (so termed) was held by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster for the causes already assigned, and the cathedralwas very fullyattended. It is tobe hoped that a sufricient amount was collected at the doors after service to alleviate, in some measure, the deficiency complained of. THE RoYA, CAxFDoNiA Asn".-The aniinuial festival of the Royal Caledonian Asylum, at Holloway, was celebrated last evening at the Freemasons' Tavern; his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge condescended to take the chair, and the more select company at the upper end of the table included the Earl of E-lintoun, the Duke of Wellington, Lord Colville, Lord Dal:eith, the Duke of ueccleuch, the Hon. Captain Murray, Colonel Matthison, Colonel Moncrieff, Sir A. Alison, Mr. P. Robertson, M.P., Mr. D. Baird, M.P., Sir G. Clerk, Bart., Sir J. Ord, and a number of Highland gentlemen arrayed in their gay national costume. His Royal Highness, in proposing the "Army and Navy," bore stron te timony to the great merits of Sir Coli Campbell as a warrior, and especially eulogized the gallantry of the Highland regiments in the Crimea, who marched up the heights of Alma as if merely going to uarade. The Duke of Wellington returned thanks for this toast. The boys and girls of the asylum were then introduced amid a deafening flourish of bagpipes; they included the children of slain Crimean soldiers (some of them belonging to the Duke's own regiment), and on the entrance of the latter a roll of muflied drums was very significantly commanded. In propesing "Prosperity to the Royal Caledonian Asylum," the Royal Duke observed that the healthy and hiappy LacesF around him would best. plead the cause of the charity. His Royal Highness proceeded to inform the company that there was a certain number of children, the orphans of Scotch Crimean warriors, now exclusively dependent on the funds of the charity, and that this was, of course, a great additional burden. There had also been a heavy oultlay, consequenit on the increased price of provisions ; and stock had been sold out to meet the current expenses, vhich stock it was very desirable to replace forthwith. The Royal Due then strongly urged the claims of the charity upon the public, more especially under the peculiar circumstances already alluded to, and, after expressing his gratification at the cordial reception which he had expeiienced, sat down amid loud cheering. There are nowr 108 children in the asylum (being 38 more than last year), and the overplus chiefly consists of the orphans of Crimean soldiers, all gallant Scotchmen, who fell in the cause of their country during the recent war. The result of the Royal Duke's appeal was a subscription amiounting to about SOOl. Besides the bagpipes, which were played with a skldl and energy worthy ot a better instrument, there was sone excellent 3cotch vocal music by Miss Poole, Miss AL Taylor, Mr. Lowick, and others; and the old national Scotch airs, played during dinner, evidently excited in manya hardy vyeteran a strong inclination to "fight his battles o'er again." The arrangements of the festival by 3Iessrs. Ekngion wvere worthy of the lireemasons' Tnavern in its best days, and gave great satisfaction to all nartics. Mr, Felai BiggnM efl.eiste as toastmaster.
TfE PUB LIC HEALTH. (From the Registrar-Generars Report.) In the first week of May the deaths registered in London rose to 1,154; during the following weeks they have shovwn a constant decrease, and in the last week of the month, which ended on Saturday, they were 1,027. In the week preceding that on which the mortality rose the mean weekly temperature had faUlen to 41 3deg.; in three subse. quent weeks it rose to 44-3deg., 51-2 deg., and 531 deg.; and last week it was 53-3 deg. In the corresponding weeks of the last 10 years, 1846-55, the average number of deaths was 952, which, if raised in proportion to increase of population, becomes 1,047. The number, as shown by the present returns, is therefore less than, but not materia?ly different from, the estimated amount. The number of births registered in the week was 1,578; and there was an excess of 551 in the number of persons born as compared with those -who died. The oldest person recorded in the returns of deaths is a widow who lived in Battersea, and had attained the age of 94 years. The mortality of diseases in the zymotic class indicates, on the whole, a satisfactory state of the publichealth. The deaths referred to this class are 220, while the corrected average for corresponding weeks in former years is 233, though typhus still exhibits some degree of prominence, the deaths from it being 59, while the average is 46. Scarlatina carried off 40 children, measles 36,whooping-cough 33; there were only 5 deaths from smaU-pox, and 12 from diarrhcea. While the western division is comparatively exempt from scarlatina and typhus, cases of whooping-cough appear to be more numerous there than in other parts. A man died from "typhoid fever and melancholia" in the Shoreditch workhouse. Seven days before his death the police had brought him aud his wife to the house from Wellingtonstreet, Kingsland-road, both in a very emaciated state. It appears that he had gone to the docls on the morning of the 21st ult. in quest of employment, but arrived too late to obtain it, and on returning home had attempted to destroy himself by strangulation. Lastweekthe births of 787 boys and 791 girls,-in all 1,57S children,-were registered in London. Iu the 10 corresponding -weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,421. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29 691 in. The highest reading in the week was 30 in., which occurred on Friday. The mean temperature of the week was 53-3 deg., which is 24 deg. below the average of the same week in 38 years. The mean daily temperature fell on Friday and Saturday so low as 8 deg. and 10 deg. below the average. The highest temperature occurred on Tuesday, and was 70 deg. ; the lowest on Friday, when it was 40-9 deg. The range of the week was therefore 29-1 deg. The mean dew-point temperature was 47-4 deg., and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air was 59 deg. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames was 59-1 deg.; the temperature of the river rose to 61'9 deg. on Wednesday. The wind blew from the sonth-west on the first four days, and afterwards from the north-east. Rain fell to the amount of 97 in., of which 59 in. fell on Wednesday. Hail fel on Sunday. The weather on Friday and Saturday is described as cold and " veryunseasonable."
[Advertisinlent.]Ollendorff's method of leamning to Read Wrte,andSpek aLanusg insixmonths, adapted t the Reran, Frienc, dIStaian, *&c-Io thbe Editor of "The Times."t--Sir,Iam ^anxious, through the medium of yonrournal, to informthepublc that spurious editions of the above works are sold in severl countries of Europe, cliefiy at Frankfort and in the IJnited States. not only by such persons as are in the habt of imposing on the publc, butby booksellers who ought not, from their position, to be parties to suchatransaction. Though I might justly eomplain of an attempt to rob mo of the fruit of 20 years' labour, I more especially express my indignation at the contents of sma11 books in large print, fell of errors and omissions, being called my method. liy system (adopted by the Ivety of France) is publisheLd in French. atthe r6duced price of Sf. eacbpart, It is also nublished in English, at 12s. each part, by Whittaker and Co., and Dulanu and Co., and each copy has its number and my signatu WYhen I ass;ert that my system is a chain that must not lose one lnk those who trust to the spurious volumes alluded to must not wonder at findingtheir labour lost, or that my guarantee that the language is to bo leamnt in six months hlas not in the least been fued.-I have the honouir to be, Sir, your obedient servant, 1R.9. OLLssoa, Ph, Dr.-2S bis, Rue de Richedleu, Paris, May 31, 126. LAdvertisement.]" Ivenonda; a Tale for Youth"'-The fim1tchaplemsof this most interesting story appearin "Eittle England's Illustatd dNewapipes" (No.21 for June. It contains also very beaultful orignal illustrations, with the new,s of the month, sketches in natural history. &o. One penny. No.l fs still in print. London, Tallant and Allen, 21, Fatemnoster-row: [Advertisemesst.]-The N!ew N=ovele.-Nowv ready, at all the libraries :-1. " The Sorrows of Gentilitv." By Mtiss Jewasbury. 2 vole., 21s. "A remarkbobly good novel, wellwritten. amusing, sensiblel and firm to it5 puorpo.5e."-" Examiner." 2, " Velled H;earts." By' the autor of "T^he Wife's Trials." 3 vole. 3. "'Jobs, Hahifax, Gentleman." B the Author of "Thie Head of theFarluly." 3 vo3s. "The author'e best work,"-' Critle.', £ "Llllie.sleaf: the Concluding Passages in the Life of MIr. 3Lt.rgaret IailUand." Cheaper edition, 1 vol., lOs. Gd. S. "Pb6te Gras-." fly liis Kavainagh 1lvol. Al'so jUst reads-,' !' Erelyn Mfiacsten."' By t.he author of "flEiall Wyndham." 3 yols. iluret and Blafke{i', ySli!3oiem, suee82OrJ to lfrm Vvklbuim7, 13, O[.Cat M7tiborou6h.etreet
CITY SETWEFRS COMMIS'SIOff. The Commissioners of Severs met yesterday in their chamber, Gufldhall, Mr. Deputy Peacocke presiding. GAS SUPPLY. The followiing report ws presented on the subject - "Gentlemen,-I have the honour Go subrit my quarterly r-eport of the illumnating power and chymical quality of the gas suppledto the city of London by the Great Central aas Consrumers Company during the last three months. " Thegashasbeen tested intwo plce,-vis., at mylaboratory at the L,ondon Hospital, and at the laboratory in CJohuan-street. " When burnt, in accordance with Act of Parliament directions, from anargandburnerof 15holes, consuminefive cubic feet per hour, the illuminatingpowerofthegashasbe equal, at t e former place, to that of 13-1 sperm candles, or 15 wax of 120 «rains' consumption and at the latter it has been equal to 134 sperm candles, or 15-3 wax. This shows an illuminating power of about 26 per cent. over the act of Parliament standard. "The chynmcal uality of the gas has also been very good m respect of the abse-nee of suphuretted hydrogen, ammania, and tarry compounds. "W. LETrEMy, 2LB. "TLaboratory, London Hospital." THrE CITY CEMETERY. A report was brought up from the committee, stating that they had had a conference with Lord Palmerston and Sir G. Grey upon the subject of the opening for burials of the City Cemetery, the result being that they were recommnended to prepare a table of net charges to submit to Lord Palmerston and Sir CG. Grey. This table thev had.' drawn up, and now asked the sanction of the board before submiting $ for the approval of Lord Palmerston and Sir In the course of a discussion which followed it was stated by the clerk that the fees were nearly the same as had been agreed upon at a former meeting. The report was adopted.. PIPE DRE= GE. A report was presented fromrMr. Haywood, engineer and surveyor to thecomroission, upon the " fitness of the Aylesford pipes for the purposes of forming sewers and house drains.' The report said,- "In ;ipes intended for sewers and house drains the princip dcsiderale are that they shall be strong enough to resist external pressure and concussions and withstand the casualties to which in use thev may be subjected; that they be of a correct and uniform shape upon the sections, whether transverse or longitudinal; that they be smooth upontheir internal surfaces ; and that the material of wvhich they are composed shall be capable of withstanding the usual effects of the soil, of water, and of time - that, in brief, they be very durable. To this I may add, that there is a popular feehng in favour of their being impermeable and being glazedinternally." The report then states that the pipes which have been almost exclusivelyused for sewmers andhouse drains, and indeed, throughout the whole country, are principallv formed of a clay brought from Devonshire and Dorsetshire. The largest portion used in the metropolis, being manufacturedl in Lambeth, is known as "LIamnbeth stonowzare," the consideration of the merits of which, compared with those of the "Aylesford pipes," formed from a plastic clayfound in the valley of Aylesford, near haidatone, is the object of the paper. The Aylesford pipes are described as being uniform in"thetexture of their material; they are sufficiently burnt and dense to ring; they aemade thicmorthanthe Lambeth stoneware pipes; their sectional forms are true, and they are smooth upon their internal surface, the are covered both externally and internally with a slight glaze; but the material of which the pipes are composed, not being vitrified, is somewhat porous and absorbent; and, lastly they are in price 10 per cent. lower than the Lambeth stoneware pipes. With regard to the point of first importance-strength, the relative inferiority of material is made up by increased thickness, so as to render them, in capability of resistance to direct an uniform pressure, nearly equal to the stoneware, and sufiiciently strong for all practical purposes, while they appear to resist percussion better than the stoneware. As regards sectional form, I[r. Haywood states that the Aylesford pipes are superior to the Lambeth stoneware, having better chances of perfection from being subjected to less intensity of heat durig manufacture, although well made stoneware pipes are true enough in form for most practical purposes. La point of inlternal smoothress and evenness of surface to be obtained without glaziu the two descriptions of pipes are equal, but the stoneware pipes are superior in glaze-a point, however, which Mr. 3aywood considers to be of no importance, notwithstanding the popular impression to the contrary. The report says here- " Hydraulic experiments tend to prove that the nature of the surfaces, provided they be smooth, influences but little the velocity of a fuid in motion; that practically the surfaces of all channels become coated or lined with a pellicle or film of the passing fluid, which fim remains nearly stationary; and that the bilk of the fluid, with the velocity due to its generatirg cause, passes over this film; and it may be said, therefore, that as the fluid passes through a fluid tube within the solid tube, it is even questionable whether a glazed surface does not retard rather than accelerate volocity. And of two tubes of small diameters, one being glazed and the other not glazed, but beth being equal in smoothness and other conditions, I believe that if any superiority of discharge were shown it would be by the tube not glazed, but that the discharges would be as near as possible th'same in both cases." Upon the question of porosity, the report admits that while the Lambeth stoneware pipes are impermeable, the Aylesford pipes are in a degree porous, absorbing from 16 to 17 per cent. of their own weight of water h but argues that any percolation of sewage fluid matter which may take place m consequence, is counterbalanced in wet soils bv the act teatIthe uatral effecb of a porous drainage material is to reduce the water level in the surrounding earth to the level of the usual flow of water in the invert, by the water permeating the drain and running off. in a large portion of the metropolltan~area, however, the water levelis aLready sufflciently low, and in such localities the porosity of the Aylesford pipes opens them to objections sufficient to cause their interdiction. Mr. Haywood states his general conclusions as follows " That as regards capability of resisting pressure and percussion, as regards sectional correctness of form, and smoothness of internal surface, the Aylesford pipes are well adapted for the purpose of constracting sewers and drains. That, as regards their internal glazinz, it is unimportant as it affects the flow of water, whether it is improved or not. That, as regards their porosity, it does not appear to me to be such as to constitute a tenable objection to their usage, under must circumstances, for sewers and house drains. And that, in the absence of evidence as to the injurious effect of sewage water upon them, I should consider them to be suficiently durable for the purposes intended." Thereport was ordered to be printed, and copies to be forwarded to the l%Ietropolitan Board of Works, the decision of which upon the subject of the report will not, it is understood, be arrived at until theyare in possession of the report itself.
THE COB2 TBADE. -W T.T.'Mq IP-.- T-- -? I Fresh vvheat sells readily is last week's pnces No En-lish barley in the mnarket. Oats and beans maintain their value. I ARRIVATAR SlenC TRIS DfAV W1; LIVERPOOL, JmNE 3. The arrivals from Ireland and coastrlse during lte past veek bave been light. From foreign ports we have received 9.189 quarters of wheat, 97S quarters of beans, 20,534 quarters of Indian corn, and 9,597 sacks and 6,814 barrels of flour. The exports in the same tine include 2076 quarters of wheat, 19.751 quarters of Indian corn, 303 loads of oatmeal, and1,365sacksand2,17dbarreLsof flour. There has been only a quict trade here since Tuesday last, and where business bas been done inwheat and flour buyers have had the advantage. Oats have been in better demand. at rather better prices Indian com has also met wvith a fair sale, at 2Ss. to 28s. 6d. per quarter for prime yellow and mi:.ed, and 29s. for white, and yesterday rather mo-e money was asked. The weather has been harsh and cold, but to-day it is again neandseasonable. At this day's market there was a good attendance of town and country buyers, and abrisk consumptive demand was experienced for wheat and flour at the prices of this day week, the decline of Friday havinggenerally recovered. Oats with a good demand, brought an advance of Id. per 451b.~ best Irish meaDnug bringing 3s. 7d. per 451b. Oatmeal, howvever, remained without change in value. Barley, beans, and peas met Vfitha slOw, retail sale at late rates. Indian corn was rn fair request, but, as there w;as a goed deal offerig, holders were u- able to estwblish any improvement, therefore we repeat our late quota tions of 2Ss. to 2Ss. 6d. per qularter for mixed and yellowz, and 2Ss. Gd to 30s. for wfhite. BRISTOI, Juir-E 3. We havehadbutlitte doingthiougbout the weeok inthe corea d flor rad, hih my e arty ccuntd orby the holyday cbaa-~ r oflot,and our cornb-Exchantgbe beionug closedon ThursLay. the prin. cipat market-day; we eannot, therefore, note much alteration in the mineof ny atice wih te exepton o oas, hich are from Gd. to s,perqarterdearr fclo thte betrtotPrtiqea0hitieosXBuhtter,a limited business doing in this article at very irregular and unsettled rates. Potatoes continue in god suppyper rail at declining prices. W eather fine .and f.avourable for the growing mlOpS.
1REGISTBATION FEE ON AMERICAN LETTERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-By a recent convention between the Post-office Departmients of Great Britain and of the Unit-ed States a system of registrtion Tor letters passing between the -two countries has been established; but, wvhile the Amnericant office only charges a, fee of 5 cents (2Ad. sterling) on each letter, the British Post-office requirese Gd. (12 cents) for precisely the same s3ervice. I am, Sir, vour verv obedient servant. CUSACK P. ROINEY. June S.
TO THEE,DITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In conscquence of the appearance of the report of the proceedings against XIes5rs. Hubbing and Lee, commission salesmen, of this mark;et, at the Mlansion-house, on the 30th ult., in your columns, much inconvenience has been felt, and many inquiries made of us respecting it ; we therefore request that you will be kind enough to state that we are connected wvith that firm neither by business nlor family relations. We are. Sir. vonr obedient servants. - HNRY LEE AND SON. Leadenhall, June 3. THE IrTSmi CAIrrY Oo- ssioN.-The 11th amnnalreport of the Commission of Charitable Bequests in Ireland was published yesterday. It is a remarkably barren documentk the " report" itself being merely a formal reference to the accounts annexed. From these it appears that the balance standing to the credit of the commission in the Bank of Ireland on the last day of 1855 amounted to 204,672g., and that the balance due to charities was L,2701. The cash account shows receipts amounting to 14,7631. and payments of 13,4931. The amount of Government stocks eld by the commissioners for the various trusts in Ireland on the 31st of December, 1855, was 92,271?. Consols, 112,02-?. New Three per Cents., and 2,008?. net "'rente" or annuities.
POSTAL DISABGEANGEENTS. TO THE EDITOR OF TME T1IIES. Sir,-As I conceive the folowing facts expose a12 abuse in one of the public departments, permit me to bring them to your notice and to solicit their publication -.- Among the many minor annoyances consequent on the nature of the profession few are so intolerable as the irre' gular or tardygdelivery of letters in the navy. Witlh tha vessels at the outer anchorages the delivery is frequently prevented by stress of weather; but in the case of those close to the shore one cannot conceive any impediment: However, when neither wind nor weather hinder a cbeckl is found. Pray let me state a few facts. In the principal naval port of the West of Engtland lives a man wsho, to your correspondent's Imowvledge, has beemL for 17 years a very old man. Mechanically each morning he trots over the hill from his residence to the post-office. To this person is intrulsted for delivery the mormnin maiF fxom London, and it bxs to be dispersed among all Che sips in the harbour. To deliver them among so many vessels one woildl think the work of two or three hoats-not so "One Penny .John,'2 as he has been caUed, from his being allowed once upon a time to charge Id. on each letter. Slowly and vitl measured plash from ship to ship he is anxiously Lwatcbod and waitex for. is mail is not ordinarily delivered before 11 30 or noot,' not to say anything of the holydays he gives himself. The same delivery is made on shore within a quarter of a milua of the shipping at a quarter before S am. This is a monstrous nuisance, and as such has been frequently complained of. On applying to the postmaster and complaining of the. circumstance the answer was given, "that otlher ships had aprivatebox." "Forv,hichthey pay?" inqutired.L "Ten shiUmings," answered the postmaster. "Then you object to deliver the mail to a man sent from the ship who has been authorized to call for it, and will give it only to the man who, to m y knowledge, has beesn many years physically unniit for the vwork?9" '- Yes," he answered; "he is authorized to do it, and it will be delivered to hiZm alone." "Ulinless," continued I, "the sum you mentioned is paid." Now, on rzeFerence to my accounts for a former ship, I find the following receipt: " Received of the officers of Her Maesws slip H C-eJ for an early delivery by private box at the post-office,' D-n-t, for three months, commencing from Novembe: 23, 1855, 5s. dL " J. 31-C, "For Postmaster." By the above receipt, then, 1. is the sims required td exempt one from the delay and inconvenience coxna plained of. By whaxt authority, or by what sense of justice, such S charge cSan be made, and to what purpose the funds arising from the Eame are applied, puzzles in deed Yenr nhPninip evrn 1ir.. FAR-x4G Oh' DARiaroon.-M. George Fowler, a geiit1emam 'who has succeds~ay reclaimed a number ofacres of waste Ixnd at Pti'DCe-hall, Dartmoor, is about to leave his farmn. Be says that he haLs cavried outt entirely the course of iniproiements on 'which he orginly entered, and has sho'wn to the 'worldv what mnay be done on :Da.rtmoor. iFielda which in 1847 were worth nO 1ore tian from 1B. Cd. to 2% per acre fetched on the 12th of May mearly 6Os. e acrM !
SALES BY AUCTION. ILington.-lYeat HonoebSld Fnrniture. ' U EDWARD LUMLEY Will SELL by AlJC- . J. tion, on 'he Premises, 12, Hardinge-street, Wellington-street. Islington, To-morrow,atI2fori, modern AOUSEHOLD FOHN-ITl.I;E, comprisg, for the bed chambers, snabogany and japsnned Arabian bedsteads, cleanbedding, chests of drasers, a marble-top washstand, dressing tables and glasses; for the sitting rooms, a set of rosewood chairs, with ofa and eay chair to match, aloo table, chimney glass, curtain, c.: also the kitchen utensils, and effects. May be viewed, and catalogues had on the premises; aud at the auction offices, 67, Chancery-lane. Old Rent-road--Freehold Ground Rents, asmouting to £2J Se 6Ld per annum. arising from 66 Houses. at Hatebamn Ner-town. J B. V. J. COLLIER has received directions from 1 the Mortgpgees, to SELLby AUCTION. at the Mart, on Tuesday, July S, at 12. in IS lots RREEHOLD GItROlD REN'TS,smountring to £24 Ss. 6d. per annum, secured upon 66 small dwelling-houes and premises, situato in Hastchans-street, Cross-street, and Hatehain. road, Old Kent-road. The property in of recent erection, and let on leases, for terms has-tg about 9D years to run. The gronnd rent6 aversge about £3 ISe. per house, and the Procerty-Hwil be cold in lots aecodns-hg to the leases. ParticnlarsmrDys3hortly be obtained of Mtessrs. Bridges, Mason, and Bhidgea, soliritocs, 23. Rted Iion-sqnr, Holborn; at tb,o Mabrt: and of Mr. v J. Collier. 3, Mfoo,-gae.tree Good Inestments and Votesfor the County of Aiddlese i-?,.L DUCKWORTH has received instructions to l SELL by AUCTION, at the Swan. Walhain-reen, THlS Dny (Weonesday), Jmne 4, at 3,27 FPaEEHOLID HOUSES, and some valuable Building Land, adjoining the Butchers' Almshouies, the whole let to respectable tenants, and now producing a rental of 34 OS. per annum. A portion of the Property is held on two leases, Pix rears of which will be unexpired at chaelmas next, at groundrentg amoulnting to £31 IO.&per annum. -Way be viewed bs leare of the resnective tenants. Particulars, vith conditions of sale. to be had of wdward Waddilove, EN., ti, Lmcoolds-inn-fields; at the plaoe of sale; and of Mir. Dnckworth, estate agent, Rladley. Barnet. Postponement of Sale.-Belgrave-rod Pilico.-Furniture, BctaresM P1rints. PianoforteS.WImr, andEffects. MR. W. W. LUCKING Nwll SELL by AUCTION M on the Premise- 22, lUpper-Eccleston-pl ceBelgrave-road Pimllco, on Friday next, at 12, the well-made XINITURE:, con- isting of Spanish mahoganyArabian bedsteads, with furniture, cleai bedding, mahogany wardrobe, cheses of drawer3, marble-top wasbstand_ and fittings. aP drawing room suite, in valnutwood, of chairs lounges; &., dine plate chimney glaSEs, two cut-glass chandeliers, 67 cottage pianofore, Spainsh maboganydining room furniture, chairs in sou rocco, carpets, rugs, picture. prints, plated articles, clock, bronres1 kitchen articls, and about 30dozen of superior port and ahessy wine' hiay be viewed the day predions to sale. Catalogue. bad on the pre mies, and of the.auetionee, 4 a, Orhard-treet, Portmars-Qlare. - in Bankruptcy.-anmersmuith. HA. DuNG D ill SELL by AUCTION, at - * arraiay's, TMIS DAY, aune 4. it 12, in seven lots, by ordei of the Court of Banlknptcy, LEASEHOLD PEOPERTY, held foi a long term of yera St low ground rents, situata Nog. I to i, and Noci 23, 24, aud 25, on tbe south side of Chsncellor-road, consisting of 13 houses, in an mlndushed state, with fore6ourts and back gardens, but when completed woui), it is estimated, produce £25 per annum; alob a ncat Residence, bo. 22, ChIancelor-road, of the annual value of ro5s Yra- be jewred. PtrftcularT s obtainue of Wat Pe mell, Esq., oely.ial assgnee, Guhldball-caibers; of Meesro. ILowrauce. Plews. and Poyer, solicetors, ld oer-ch mbers; G. Barber, EXq.. slictor' 1,dIromonger-lane;a W.Srtd Aq,solicitor. s, etblghtreet, Pilio; at Gaeraways; aud of th auctioneer, 25i,New Bsad-atreet, 2eYorX-h oused3Btte-oosehld- Fm-ni tue and Fixtures, lUl. GEORGE BERRY (@in coniunction with MIrJ LT. Crisp) will SEUN br AUTCTION, on the Premise., Yor}-hose -York-road, Batterea, THIS DAY. -3une 4. at -11 for 12precisely. all twhe well m ade HOt0SEz0oiD YU1TrUR1B oomprin bO ouri'osxt andotvher bedstas,-hma irnd wool umaiase, b=hlaat,ai, to corr !pond t20 featherbe4a, nornyw,r.rroes several bundr4d yards oi Melsand Kidder caspt,drauegmdirsni toin rosewood, two seth of teleecopeframe dining tables, 12sZebrawood chuims 12 Spnshma bogany ditto, aidebce.,i, conches, two pianoforts oil paintings, hir and showrer bathi5 ch:uin s,:hall ed: ktitchenx sterna, and v5riouns effeces-alslo all te oapital dxtines esci0n of summer-house, ao, Mahy be viewredt;he day srior. cat atlguabd on the premise: of Ilr le ic> ;d'e of ihe aucter, Sm, 3fotl oomeets Jx4wa~~~~~6 Wo JElegant D oorative Furiti 'w, incl.dagt,,o Bookass ro Gansiltare.t de Chond,.e lar- e FlreriGr, ~ ~ ~ . g etarole Gr-un of the GuardianAncel. and other Frclae,*- Cho, iiieazne -of ae. Drceden,- Serra, ,VP ~ ~ ~~.dbie,sa erin. 1~JR.PELUPS bIs to announce tbat hie, iivi LbyAUCTIOx, xtn ret1om~~ taeray he l4h ist.. at Ilinisuey,eem Ioisieo IFURNITURE, from r'ari.e, iI .~n cabzines ithpL-E2ndor.eat wOrk and Seerrds plaques introt nludm;ibar and, oithe Paletr al du cbl mounted, two splendid booikeass,, from n othenre tble& tr' rde cb, the iehsttste ahe~rm goup of the Guardian Aii-ia by lieranmie, andanother ilg1ulsfJo Ariz. choice bronties'Dheader, Q-Nerea, said ornamenttd porceaine wcprn iue.at ait of object, of vrertox and antiquity. f~rom CS ooit uet. abde Taiewt trl, ays Preceding thessle. ut1 Mr. Ph28l::~g k ca e ve,e This Da.-h Imnors~ton olcino ok fAti abe few thtrs.A. e t, GaleisisTra, iIjU SSRS. RUJSHWORTH a nid JA-RVIn, bg toin. flounce that the SALE of the thsfd, andInro tprt, ot TION- of the STOOK of fe?rss. Browns hnd Co.w outimpeet TORDAT YandaTo-maorroW. C'.taleguesesrig bl tet thegalleries%L,and f e5i.Rushirorib and JnIsts Savrlle-row~ Regeutift m 9 Change alley, CarniaLll tae.t n 9 anrot. a e Pabst. OPLBOnI 6 S. ie UcSOd a T AUCTIdx, at ~ ~ ~ dog d~-s bedding. chests Of daes n h sa hnb canl. and dining tahs,carsadcnhbl~raien~-s o chimney andt toilet lce,toinfres afewaneg,adnt c1elaueusiteins, a esr .dtr *S.3t~ei n as b%'ueziture, 61 Cottage GrandrPino! oite,5mkkI. Library Tab`e, andg BnoerWt Clack ITSSRS. MOO0RE and TEMPLE will SELL by AUCTIyON. Oae thu PIbeedseo, 16. north s-de ofSttOlp Haeckniey. TO-mnorrow, June 5th, 012 the IliaOUSEEOLD FUrNI TUR E : including bedsteads, feather beds. matmarOfs and heidrsg.. iunerdrobo and chiesta of drawers. sLets Of MahaoMaY.fraine e a moia.r, loo, diuiarg, aind ot.her tables. cLlunneY_rgsss.s, c.'_arrs Sid l5OLeen curtauin ca-.Tet', rogs, and mnmeroons domresic articles On View tha tdey celing and mnorningz Of wae. CAtalogues on t'he i aesrs Moore And Temple. atictioneers 9. BIOofileld-4treet ~Iy o1 idio-tEet uston.aquav,,-Good1 liorsehr,ld tureu Silver Hunting W'atch. and a'lmeerimus ErAtet. 1i4ESSRS. PEARSALL and JORDEN will SE~LL L_ y XCTI-N.at2_-,Me!too.street THIDAY. June tthat 12 for 3.ihe HOUSEHIOLD KUR_NITLTRtj. cornVristaz sofasane coliebee, - neahgmerr tthls andchair, carets ad torahTsll.uefatd.. beeaeds, -peio uIS.and nhorret,o cthe sae,sa ntloncheo rt i ise, aBdyofrth anc tmooer-&.2at thir odin`ng. 1, the gruna popr WanesPienn.Aton Ietler deleaseL-CihOitart oreses. Gom ijl Cat,R.eln MallYE1RScu 511 CSE tL biiiue Farmn TIONoca thre gri at,oea ectbiisdttsof ane ruschols bn view e the s reos monnugofelse. Ctalgueshas on he roomise;and of the auictioneers, Itrlbuermtioee bgs o ai atrt uyr,nd othe Rm.-2i0-Ol PainIng., Leezrstre Itlectertyo an eunetdelrdeesd aitiso any geueune R.SH.JONERS i SELn b DN A-UlCTIll ELLb with a iew Mapcy doens of thbe.oldeasrters. 0 tew theni dablpevfouks andmonn ofetx ditt,le.ur Catalges ba crzt ditherooms; anudoef thedttea serinesr. waterodge. Ecandies'ik.ton-aneTm ranlklorereer eg fhcavr the forticular ttnionbof budy(xers toitheeoorer, beigpretly baens. te andtlsol bynOde ofts utheraceprs.botatlve wi-thutr the, unisherostpeer Thi E eming,at th lotof ods. d11 x) an 2Liceier. ctreu, curiostesp- N,er orl tHureVENiNtrG, adnth.alr eferotrnAsutpfial -ahie ti_ PEitTY, onsitin ofasp-orlto heaedpatdgos And du er dittos, etblqofaes, crut dto chse Wan,yd-egrvd e servicswar jiug,cnletcs foasthmet Sale ree ftish aror and f rks. fahiona lead Fmide-s i covlerts, bofithures, lzuntea BetlO andstand, nutcralerys.in l5 bottl stads, Instnumerous iatnd Fitem s o h bveis t qogutliy,tohaesold,afor toheoes printhtu ayb 'Ntreio SrShm.as aON tS ola ednrd cinA , ciggars, curiositit Tt,he onbody-furnitury.ee,fixtures md, and otheblifcis In penrio thur Aon o 1toom m steU.b12ished 173,fr L1etherSale ofeiery der-pionao FIODE.FCTSslclint geand,- r il*fet.OhiandO tok ths 2nobilty,o gentry, examofis poety reiuaodae, and pbi gerall bacepaid -the folloving mourning. IN.Bi. nveutorlissand Tlu,etto0 made for executors and ott-era and sales effected at pets-ate resideuoes.' CoinmerelalSale Itoorn 44Fer -do.trect, oned-oorfmrom 1olborn. -RemainingStc, a esoa Cumposite Candle M3anufactirer; StokoaGrcradOmas anud IPulture, by o,dcr of the Execuosofi .Besn ,11ESSRS. GRENadSNwl SELL by AIJO. LITION, as; theiIoo. as above. THIS DAY. .ione 4. at 12 few 1,197 ncarly new COMSPOSITE CAND)LE FRA3MES. 2.ODlbs. plaited -Aick, 2.800 lbs. rnixed steimirre, wires, stacks end dies,pegs, &an, the stock of a grocer and Oilman, consisting of teas, corfee,itera. spices, sauces, pickles-, dry and ground colours, ois, varises 400lhs. flne-st toilet soap, brushes, bron.s, mills, canisters. iireproof Bafe. counters. &c. The furniture and effects comprise feather beds, bedding. mihogany four-post and othier bedsteads, waish-etanlds, drawers.chimnney-glass, fA-octsve cottageopiamoforte, mabogrug couches, volumues bookis, shiells, violius, weerinig pparel s.. On uiew the day proir andnmornin3gof sale.Caaoesabeadtth omsan at the auictioneers' offices. IS Hatton-garden. NVo. 2?, Bcor-row. Waw'rdrot.-p Grcs and Fixture SR. Dealer.-Albrolnte Sae. .3 S..GREE'N and SON7 wi1l SELL by AtTCLITION, enthe Preminses, as above, To-morrow, June 5, at 12 for I, the unexpired terma of the raluabthle LEASEI of the shbove PIlEhllES, together with the stock. fixtures. and utensils of a grocer;comprising choise blackmad green teas. coffees, euga-s, British 'sine, spiceg, fruit', coroas ,&-c.; mahocany-toj, counters, drawes,mills,% weights. scales counters, gas fittings, s.c On view mornhing ofalae. Catalogues had on the premises ;and at the auctioneers offices, 15, MonhlySal ofPicure an Drwins b nodern Artists, thst Origi- alit ofwhih wll e garateetoth-e puruhascrs. ~~fR.GEO. ROBINSON's next ~~SALE will talke at prcisly,andwil iclue secien bytheundr-mntoned Barber Cowie W. H. Knight Itaiton Blentley De Fleury F. It.L os, it. Romer Bro,oker Dell Mlogford Russell Clay ~~~~Fec O,.NellU Vickers Cole ~~~Gill Peuny Wadeson Collier Heatherley Puller Walter S.Cooper. A_It. Hemsley F,ossite r Williams, sc. Mlay be viewed two days prior and catalogues had. Hi oerstock-hill. 20. Provo,st-road, Adelil-od.Vialpinings 'V fR LE A DEl baa been fvne wt n stutosto SELL by AUCTION.0on the Preenires, as abov'e. on Friday, June 13. and followinug day, at 112oeilsak, the COLlIECT1ON of valuable PAIN'TLNGS, several works on panel by the early Ten. tian and other esteemed masters, viz.: - Giovanni BellinsjMtnlgn Breughel ID. Teniers Plordenone Poiai . Floris Gainabovough Bissollo Guldo P. Brili Constable Sc'iaavone Correggi Dwsart Tbbetaoa Bawsano Guercino Ill Withoos It. Hltl is,,c. P. del Vagi Otto Venius (Ireuze Brought by the proprietor from the various cities of the continent ; also two ohoice specimens of Guido and one of D. Teniers. May be vioewed Tuesday and. Wednesday. Calalogues obtained at Mr. alexanderks offices, Haverstock-hill, and(Gray's-irm-road. Ltnoinhir.-R W.MEDI,A'ND. atthsPeacosk:lnu,Boeton3onWed- nsa,Jl2,at 2for 3 in the afternoun, in 4-8 lote, TI~N Fc'rn, nd38 other Landed Investmenets, conLtsiingl578 cresof rcharbleardgrringand,in the prse ofth ForAbsoleButtertSale.-Whea to,l fl~ rCpeerod,ithfre. Lanid l jan Bdta reemed, ro rlwith athungexceptiodn. ThiLestae i sitate in Onet of the ricetudsri,aclTts riof thereounty.oirtyelbaedo h xrodn and RgT. Prite paricuArS, withEL bihgypi AUlaINs, mayb had rr4ways p ro,-t h sale of J tressGs.tIprcnery.Birch. Ingprsamand - Whaes y. oi-os 9 icl'-n-led,Lno; e.s ht andCathrop.ofsolicietors. Boton;Mr Swecain,e Wraagloti; anld oh tautioneer.aSt veot'Hount rsere. h -lmleIR RY nw For Ab Ml, Sl- ea ieerCpErLie oie.na e Corwl,tCornwahe,with the buildhingE~3s,tMachninery,Ha(-nes,2Ore. Fudrpmingmr,1an0it.stroertterbeon, dwllnyid . psr *iY.lms),b1away21o Friay,I-, JuneIUZ atlprcsly Iio,(phrluantso oresolfutnioofthre,andvena'turers artiacSecfoinizGenerwhl eeoftighel proprt oftheatduroe),uandswith ndouthresern,ite.vaThbe PItOisExtTuY knowdni -beldosealesefr.siteateifnrthe paryish o. Larn--etinth oun]ty ofh ottruwal,toge3erif thebauildfng, stamd ellines lonte 72in,ylrrdor pumpng.lf, srokeequl bam nd to lla.cylnde whigh pretsursca ores funitre,andali the aricls, or rngte whoeyo the properbein mnelainuabl fuebll Fstate ofwRking. in. rturedml copp mer x.roBwithn th lat hre eas f heale f 5,0an uwads aundthere are goo courseHUof Coppheroreinthe Hatnn ind Lew el, fo whtich reur! a *b onTinued. mlfe. at. 3 P.thomsbg odwte aft-tinDfoarie AntLro thdatmint teheaboe Frahle.adt1 nopotnt hc seldomnoccu sofacuring a mo,st auaxfr rpt,hmsm bhein feraewicStato ontreeveBFrpag-ticu and Handolw ie pl ofRpariulr appSlyeto S wtb.Jn. Wtson 13 oefe.rd obrdsre -and to tactarsioneera.- 2,2ron-o-rt TheadomnemDediosretLo d . aluabie, eaol, d otatuestie iand;thgecutybof Sus.th r BUoSreideYo, blognt t the W st aridanm, inL tUes intDocunyofSsx othTesday,rchuned7 pnate in the iafternoon buld ha desriirgabl rn,sbehcowldc Far,it gt aou A a sevenmlesfomdLewe si rm alran ndtrnfo h Bens.c Statio oentheti adoatnsnila,i heprse -yeary enaom,risig39.{t.2p,b the ammo moe o itess,o haexeln matbed,mandow, and-pastredland;Thogesttherwith ah haldrysuthan trc anand paym ontaog;SI in the duigethofRipe,adls to e farm ceart sidwaunenelodg, andans oary adnutcottgsfr labur0 s andiy -isaspat, aveeenin he ccuatin o SI. tillls ofltden asoer yealy enat,t he erylowret o £14. hetiofthe avetibeers coni mute, ad te ad-lx rdeemd. he staewil, bedsoldtsunect of applicationtoretheiteant, aneplananndprerlr oftepoeG _Tmay b ehad at theBristol Hotl, BigtnSs, t ofthh actonera Rusricgton ra i fie tLws,A-ne,ai otd~o E.1L ARBER wi SELL by AUCTION, on Wed- nesday, June 11, and foUowing day, at 12 precsely, On acount of the expiration of theleasej) the whole of tbe well-isade HOUSEHOLD FUNITURPE; co -mprisieg naboy four-ost -and iron bedsteads, capita beds andbeddiog, excelent cabinot camber fcrni- ture, in wardrobes, chees of dravers, cbeval and dre3siDn glasses. marble-top wash-stands and tables, easy chairs, and couches. The -drawing rooms, boudoir, -nd breaklfast room contain uites of green a-lk tabaret window curains, couches, settees, ottorans. and easy chais, covered en suite, chimney. pier, and cousole gla-es, with tables. two eightt4ight cut-glass chande 'erg, roswood loo and ocasional tables, elegant Parisin tirnc-piece3 and candelabra, cabinets with marblo tops. satinwood cylinder-front writiug table, china seadumerous omamental item. lne dining room furniture incluaeg Spanish mahogany set of dining tables, sideboardL dinner m-.aggons, cbairs in norocco leather. easy chairs, Aet3 of ins-on window curta:ns, valuable di paintings, .c. ID*.be library are ahoganypederta libray tables, wingedhook;casebsetiees, }Rrasselsandyiddue Thercarp. the com-pletefittcingo of te-do:nestic offices, and Other effects. May be viewed two days previous. Catalogues may be obtained on the premises; and at the offices of the auctIoneer. l, Mount-street,Berkeleysquare. Lcioestershire.-The Grange FEtate. on the borders of Northampton and Rutland. includungamaodcrate-anedpansly4 }oi.edenoe. Jn one of the best sporting districts in the kingdom, with boaut 240 acres of most superiorLdand, of whichimmnedate possession maybe lad, ad. mining LSord Rerneca'proper'.y, Freehold, and inperfect order. AU7ESSRS. BEAJ)EL and SON hav e xecosived inctrac- A3ATllSffs iFbdiWtdjifhic AUJCTION. at the Mart, London, on Tuesday, Junec 17, at 12. in four lots, one of the most compeact and desirable FRlEEHOLtD ESTATES in the kingdom, k:own-as the Grange, in the parisb of Eat Norton, On the borders of Icesterohisir Thisproperty is in tbe centre of the becsthunting ditricteof the kingdom, near the most favourite meets of the Cotteemore and Qeorn Hounds. and within occasonal ieets of the ?tlc and Lord Fitzvilllarns Hounds It adjoins the trnp:ke-d from leicester to Uppirigham. 13 miles from the former -and 6 miles from the lattcr 12 from Htelton IMowebray, and 1I from Market Harburom6g. The Moedbourne StaUon in 7 miles and the SMankn t tatien S udle distant. The residence, -which in suited for a Omallfansll, was built afewyears aloe, at a cost of nearjy;_3ft-0isin prfect order, beaotifty aitu.te on niii grDffnd,irormmandr a charming vie r the ouronding country, andis singularly adaptedfor ±heorcnpaUonofagenUeman fondoflield sports. Theland is of first-rte uality andingoodcon. ditio, lies in a ring fenoe, and is abundantl5 supliedwithwater. LotIwllt include the residence- and 172 aced ot la Lot2: Tso PistIls of i,feadow., opposite let 1. contaIning id ar. Lot Z. Twro Pastnres.-about l~ ile distant, containing zSst acros.Lo 1t4. ThoTiao adloiffnlu Pf.trfs consisting of 19 acres. Pattigulars, with hllc grphic plans. are incourseo p reparati.on, said may be olbtained 4 ; elypior to the sale, ot hMesss Rooper, Birch. Ingramn and Whatelog, o3iditos 6S, inck'p-inn-Stlds or of Meses,BdSef n ii. 29, Ureiaba-ereet, city.
