MONET-MABKETand Th Eul3ifnd ondyEeIng- -~ -ime MagUh, fund3 this morig agai opened 'wtilnout aleration, but the mrket subaeque&Ltly Vec_me flift Con3ols, for money, were first quotod `3 to s, and they left off at 95 to j. For tle 10h iul gsepte2nber the last transactionis were at 954 to . 'The change in the ieather, and a. consequent tendenCy: So gex y inthe com-p,mrket, weere the chief. causea of the prevailing inctivity. Consol Scrip -cloced 3- to lpreuni. 'Bnk Stock, 21 to S; rkdxLc 95j to Tio XiFP i;3, -S(; ladi3 1B 16; ' Ldia S3tock t62S6; dia.bbon, 10sl to 14l.premium; lxchequerbends, lwi9f_toi ; d a ghe erib i Os. to _3S3. M. Was a gr diitibn- ii the demnud for money to-day, and dist6uns merereily obtainabl -belowtheBankr,j,e ---- *h- trasons in for - secu ities were not urierous - ,but pinces oni theJ avvdrage were fairly supported. IT1 Tbrki3h Sgxper Cents -the bargains for the ascount teok plae at 103S, lg.and A; and-in the Foum per- Cents. Guarantee4 for the account, ot 03o ana 7Ot -her .ris4ptioif exhibited itte ge, the operationsh vinggnernlly been eni portant. *Brazilian.Five per S!eu., 101i; Buenos Ayres, for -acount, -So Po6AeineseThidee per Ceits.t : 1853, 46 ;.Rursia-Four a-B:l _ei Cen-z, 9.8 and 99; tlle Snslll, 9, diianl;ve -per Vents., 92J; Spanish Threa-per- Cents., 44k; the New Deffr6er Eor- ount, -24 X;Iassive 6- , -Dutch -aTd-a-Thlf per-Cents.; 85; ani the zFour per Cent. C Me=iaes 9iandA98. . The comrn-mrket -as firm this morning, a.nd for - old wheat an advanee of -2s. -as oe;csionallyeb- tained.. - The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. en the Paris -Borce this evening were ,'0f. 85o. for rnonay aiandf7. for the acomunt, showing a renewed dacif he&rIyi quarter per cent. A further small anount of. gold was taken to the Bank to-day. The specia by the West IndiVa mail to-dia is ;325,000. Nearly half of this is gold, a portion of wvhich is expected to be taken to the Bank. . It is expected that the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Pera on the 20tb will -take out nearly 0O,O0Oi., princiially .in silver. The whole of this oztao-rdinay aiuountl -wll be foi Calcuta Bomabay, -and Madras, as -there is no -China mail on this -occasion. The decision on the Rig:I Railway question by *the Committee of the Stock-Exchange this afternodn was unfavoarable,; it not- beiig considered that the official documents pledg e the uian Government to the tarsus held out in th e Moapectu. The Com4 -nittee have accordingy decided that the shares shall be omitted from the officiallist until the actual conditions contemplated at St. Petersburg allbkecome lmown. Meanwhile it is understood the - direetor persist in the belief that their prospectus exDressed the general intentions of the Government, iand tha these intentions will still be carried out. The fact that the terms were circulated for three or fouri months all over E urope, and especially in Hollaudq the chief market for Russian securities, without a -word of caution being officialy given, woild un. doubtedly support that conclusion; and the announcement that Russia. is about to concede other 3ines, with a guaaintee of 5 per cent., tends in the -same direction. It is understood, moreover, -that the Riga and Dunaburg Railway is certain -to be constructed.; and it is urged, that ss the subscriptions of the public in London and Amsterdam, whatever may have beein the miatakes of the directors were unquestion,. ably made in good faith, they may be regarded.as fairly entitled to a sort of pre-emption in any new -concession in case the present one should be set aside. The resolution of the Stock-Exchange Committee was to the following effect, and it merely --waits confiriation at another meeting to be held -on Wednesday:_ - "The Committee, after having attentively perased the ukase of the late Emperor of Ruzsia, and other document§ 23id before them by the directors of the Ri a and Danaburg Raiway Company, and having len;dr the statements of tho6e gentlemen and of their solicitor, are of opinior, that the terms held out in-the prospectus are not in conformity ith that uisze, and it is therefore tesolved thbt the shares of the Riga and Danabhrg RIailay be for the present rmitted from the off cial lisft4" - - The reports from the -manufacturing towns foi the past week coutinue to indicate a steady trade at Snn pricesw with a general absence of excitement or speculation, - At kManchester-the market remaMns inactive, but: stocks are low-an-dquotations well sup!. ported. -The Birmingham advces-mention only a sIight tendency to recovery in manufactured iron' but the general trades of the place show an improved home and foreign demand. At Nbttingham there is increased confidence,: owing to the harvest at home and good accounts f rom Australia and Ae- ica. In the woollen ditricts there has been no alteration, ancd in the Irish linen-markets there has been a full business at former rates. The following relates to a grievance connected with the arrangements of the offlce of the Ac. countant-General in Bankruptcywhich has often beenr a subject of complaint. It may be assumed that by a.:little manag,ement a remedy maight be adopted withou1t dimninishing the annuail amount of relaxation, at present enjoyed by tlhe officer3 concerned: "Sir.-On the Ist of Angust i attended a meeting at tho Court of Bankruptcy here to declare a dividend from an estate, and, althou3h the funds are in the Bank of Enzland waiting this division, and not bearing interest, I fnTd that in consequence of the holydays in the Accountant-General I in Ba.rulptcy's office the dividend cannot be paid until the -st 7eek an Ootober. Surely the law never contemplated keeping creditorsvwaiting for their dividends paid public servants went abroad to enjoy themselves.w "Athis isnot aprivate grievace,but apublic one, and whEere the maoney is of the greateat importance to acme of the poOrer creditors, perhaps a notice inL The Time, may proence a change in this absurd practicein the Accountant's "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, . ..A CI1EDITOn." "Liverpool, Aug. 14. The prospectus has been issued of the National Eavmnas Bank Association, with a capital of 10,0001., to be increased to ]00,0001. - The object is to create an independent savings-bank, presenting security of a more tangible nature, combinedl ith greater freedom of action, than is possible under the e2isting system. The result of savings-banks on the charitable orpaternal sytem has been a heavy loss to the Government, while the depositors have also suffered, since 22 have failecl for an aggregate amount of 150,0001. Yet the rate of interest allowed is at the highest only 31. Os. 100. per cent.; in the maIority of cnaesit is far below that smm; andthere wre at present 483 places, with more than 3,000 inhabitants, without a svingabanh. Moreover, out of 485 savings-banks in eisence there are onlyfour in which the depostors have the responsibity of f-he managers and trustees as a protection. In all the others these parties have declined to assumeany personal liability, and in no case is there any sibscribedccapital to fall back lpon. The promotefs of the proposed association believe that, adoptingthe ordinary rules of busines, they could remedy these defects, pay at least 34 per cent. to their depositors, and secure a remunerative profit for their shareholders. They are encouraged by severgi prudent and philanthropic persons and, whether they succeed or otherwise, there ca ie no question that, sooneror later, the sysem of Government meddling with the bakn' afair of the humbler classes will be recognizea as an anomaly that shoull be discontinued. - The Lands Improvement Company have -held 1hehz third annualme&ine, and the accounts presented for 1853 were -considered satisfactory, the second year of the company's operations having re*ulted in a small balance of profit after payment of er,tabizshment and working expenses. The report showed that the directors have conducted their businems strictly on the commercial- principle rigiMally decided upon,-viz., as an agency betwedn the landowner and the Government nlcdosure Coin-' midasioners, and between the landowner and the moneyed public; and-that their contracts with land,owners for the supply-of money for improvements have been at the rate of 200,0001. a-year; the total at this time being nearly 500,0001., for which pro-vision has been duly made by contracts for the sale of the renteharges. Tha directors-iTtber anounced that, the positon of the comP4ny having thmus become established, ample profits had been realized durine the frst six months of the current year, out of which they recommended interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum should be paid for the year 1855 on the paid-up share capitaL A portion - of the share, capital remaining for appropriatiosi, tbh directors propoied that, -nless previously applied for. by the pronrietors, it -should be offered to the puli atar p hu e 2jbined mercantile letter from. the Rivem! P2ate furnishes particulars of tha condition of iWontevidco andc Buenos Ayres. At the formezplace a bzit. of issse baas been established. The Custmi oDntinued to be administered by, the pereons appointed to liquidate the lains of the bond.holders un,er dr e iGfia Lote aL -but-it--ppear- as1f VIiee-wouldbe requaid on the part- of the th;nrIngementn.t- -' We, are enjoying nmoe qu= ess a-I security than for a long period; and hopes are oming general tha' this-f1iie courtr 11in futurea be paed the hrrorz of civil iar. There is a deficit in therevenue,but that is noWir noew if it were double itspreient 'amouit-bouM *b3in sifficient:to satWs ytbe rapacity bf the mlita'y and other hungry of ficlals,whoeo -only idea of government or oE pa- triotisin istlo take care oftsniselvea at. whatever ccat' 'he Pregden% Don:GaJHfelL Pe:reif, e)ideavours t g7.ve atis.- faction, and heis well supported by his3Enister.ofjFi,nc, DoroteGa Gaic,.whose exerhonito disentangle the b constracted by -sIprediceors3, and to edltce es depi meat into sOmihingA pprowbing to order, .deservihof grest praise. Oribesand-E502esr,wloiretend-to sport (.e, Iprotect) the P deiident, poulm lie anincubu&-}e -IS, -howeverj- maflysr ngt4e ise ro km The anement mhouse continues in the hands of the Snteed.9 bondholders, hut eves o staeis oppctedto theus1the ultive4 -*ho, if tbeya united in nothing else, joi heartily o oppose thoso who ae increasing the .revenue of; the;countr, and by-honest managemient are endeavourmg to improve the morals of the people.: 'The na{,vesoweyer, who e nmpriea minority of the- population, are deprivedof. thi o n of briber, smugglang and ch6eatin. Both the President and Senor G-detaaed,termos.aible, to support the :CustFoms' -aduiinistratiosi hut-it is doubtful7 if theywil beable for-any le'th of, tidie,'.il^esstliey. are ' backied by~ Her '3Majesty's Government, wYith wvhomn the arraugement wFas made. T2iIr. - .Thornton, who IS Zever -watchful -over the interests of his countrymen,; shoijid hbe sppliedlv with instructions by lord Car,endon Tn cise of emergencyn A. h of discomtnt nd 'depsits: has-i t tlg ben- established by. Baron Mau, and -ho is illowed toiue n otes, but'noue for a larker amount than -doubloon. Doubts exist as to its scces. TIe. capital- invested is $5(000, or 100,0001. Business is imnioving, andthe countnris decidedly progress. ing. Imr=igrati,on ould aiid, in developing its abundant re. sources and- in mromoting ',its stability; hit, although -everybody knowspthi thae b6ndholders.aretoo orto submxibefor the pnmposo ard Coverment is eqully withosl themeans There e-cn-beno doubt Europeans h±eale handsome- retuna Iy iruvesting;thefr money in these finu lands, and sending out emants to settle upon them -i -change4G5d. ' , - - - - :. .:- ! portion -of th,e dty i,s noo ,vrithgas. The country, however, pasticula,rl to the nol0r.thwixd, cuntinues in" a dir- tuvhbe& state.- Tbelndls scarcly cea7setheir depredations, - Exchange, -6Os; Gd." - - *At a -half-yearly meeting of the Berlin Waiira. works; Coinpany,haepdato-day, Ir,.J. D. De Vitr4 'in the chaAl the ArepoX ar?d acoo a eunani moudly aa opRed; '-tt'swas stathdtlat, operations l-avingonlyrecentlycbm-mened, suffrcient time had not elapsed ' to tlowi 'an; exteusiye- development Alr&ady,-however, several of, the piublic institis tions and anu oeris, as well as many private dwellings, have -enitered- Jilto arran,gements td be suppEed -with water, and every succeeding iweek'- shows an- increase. - The revenue at Preit is, about 1,IOOW .Iro m thesd sources ; -but- when the capabilities of the works are fully tested there is every reason to expect a considerabid improvement. -As there is a -continuous supply of water the advantages -will be connensurate, and the brewers and. -s6apboilers- have, it is assertedW foundait well adapted to their respectiveutes. It is also anticipated that there will be a large consump-. tion for the uks oD-thel6e0imotaveW on the several railways, as its peculiar propertles will ditninish the ordinary amount of incrust;ation. With reaard to the completion of the works, it was exp7ained that no excess of expenditure -is: required, and that the alteratieai- and improvements -Which, have to be effected arise solely from contingencies which invariably occur in undertak s of this nature. At the close of;th6lproceedings the directors were autho- I rized to borrow 5,O l, or any pait thereof, and to take the necessiry- mieasures for bringing the company under the pkovsi6ns of limited liability. '"In the. report p.resent6d xi the annual meeting in -February last the directors stated that the works had then advanced so far towards.completioxn as to admit of their being brought into partial- operation, and to justifF tho expectation that the c!inpany would be prepared, on the breaking up of the,froat, -to undertake the supply of water throughout the city 'of B,orlim to all parties- desirous -of availing themselves of it. In-that, expectation the directora have now the satisfaction. to say-that-they were flly borne out by the fact that onthe 1st of April they found themselves in a position to enter into contraCts with consumers asnerally; and althou,ghthe numbel, of the inhabitants who nave actually entered mato agreement with the company fei small, as compared even witIrthose who have ' by their ownt desire beenfurnished withestimates of the cost of applyin the necesWaryfittings to their houses, theirconfidence m the eventual success - of tho undertag is in no' degree. di4 minished. The directoitfe'el sred that the reah:Atlonlof their expectations is .310w mIerely ra question of time, and inl this they aroestrenglhened by the fact of their hasin~ boeen already caled upon tto extend. the line-of pipes int mere tha2.nc 10cloality miotincluded ln the oi:ginal sehemie, in order that houses building there muay be .funsed withi a constant water supply. Among various stdsuggionswhlch have bcen ofYered totha directors, ith a view to -a inor spe,edy development of the re,venuc of the corpny.oeo tne shabeholdersin Gorrauanyhave addressed tne oeard neoon1 the subject of the value of a localcommitteeof shareholder4 i resident in Berlin, to at in concert with the reJsent ofiicer4 of the company. The directors are giving to thi5 sggestioz their most careful consideration, and they ho?e that they may--be able to-availthemselves -of so desirable a coT operabion. In conseqpence of the necessity forcarrying the works further than orighially conteumplated and in order to-be provided foi some outlay connected with lay! ing on o7 servicepAipes, the dirbetors uropose to raie a sumw not exceed'ing 50,000!., under sueh of the powecrs conferned by the deed of settlement as it may be found most exnpedies4 to put in force : -: - -; - d -en TIRES ib h: eld = the - I),. ,'tm 50. 86 company ..... .; - ;. £5.135- 0 o 0 Fifthucan unpaid . 3,0a 0 o o a , ! Interest en loans and Prussesiati ~tck .......7,1331 5 Les3ilonEalsef Stockdepositedwmthte Prussian Government -., 7- .. . sa 1 1 Transferfes fe . - - 6.°2 f 4 Forfeitedabarea-..4 -- _ te2th X=oC aun toi ,t uo to be raised on debentures or othemwise. -a - a.O, is. au ai.e to Cr. a.- d - -ypaid cntractocs for^coataOfland.-build. - Es.d-;Ead Lgs, ev^'nes. &C. .3U.7 'S O Psidensineexig ksBr ..2.Bi 700 0a t S Ao. PHleRko"Otrasnatedaentl Tnginerr - x,5201ii Do.fornerwerks .10910 -3 - - - - - - - ~~~~310,17 iGln }Oiu^eefuwruituse, london - .~ 0 * - o l i,1$l - Do.,Beriin.OslO1 2~ Preliriary and law eCeues .. ,13 2 Incidental charges-viz. printing, re±,4ac . - ves-tisiug-asd sundryexpeesm. - .> - 1;457 -5- S Salaies of resident engeer,: secretary - and clerks'n London and Beri - - 2,06, 9 4 Expensesofdiectiondandaudit ;. . - 2;319 165 Interest Paid to shareholders - . 20o'0O 10 10 1 Les3-on5sharesheldbythecoibaey; '0 2 4 .. I : . 1_ ~ ~ . ~- 20.50 S., S' -s alace ' - .7 .. : : 70186 9347.075 16 10 - The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during thie past week have comAprised four vessels-two to $ydney, one to -Poft Philip, and one to Portland-baywith an agregatb capacity of 3,509 tons. - The rates of freight -e- hibit no great-alteration, -bunt there is in somrSec 6ses ' a tendency to& Patnes. -- - ln the generali b-bniness -of -the- pbrlf of L6ndoni during- the past week therel has been increased acti- ity. The total number of- vessels reported inw-ard was S0, being 24 ovi the previouzs week * and the number cleared-.outward 'was 162, including 26 in ballast, showinglan increase of 12. - - 'The ianex6d - relaVes to-: the debt of -No' Granada _~- --- - - ." The Committee of SpanishrAnerican Bondholders have received from Messrs. Powles; Gowrer, and Co., their'agexnts -"t B6iota, thE: followiihcominnlsti6on; dated the nth. i t On tne 9th of 3ay we,haded youa a pyofthcmemorinalwOaddressedtothe eViceresident, and haveowe the -honour to w-ait pon yomiWrtha copyof 'the- TeaNZy4inister's answer, dated te 8th1., nst. By ths yon will s4e: that the Ne'W GIranada Governmen't proposes to put asido 25 per cent. of their Custofn-lihosae r re-ene for thepayinieit bf-' the overdue dividends forinterest on the foreign- debt; aild they aifo propose to enter ito further negotiations, through the medium of their agents di Iondon, for the amortisatiqn of their debt. - "Wecalled againyesterday on th~eTreasu'r,y Minister toget froinhbimi some explanation inj regard to -thd 25 per cent., prop~osed to be put Asidefor the bondholders, ;nd, o6 stat6d - to us that this portion-. of the-revenue will be sacredly re- merved for the bondholdi, -and' thtat the ~cgares for the - payment of the said 25 per cent. - f - the Customhous duties will be imamediAt,ly placed at or disposal; shoiuld,yo deem itproper-to order the samo to be done. In-the course of discussion - Mr. Thunez stated to- us that his Government would -strain-: every nerve 't6 make some further concessions in favour of their foreign- creditors, and that he expected we vould sipporbt-hemnwith obr Amicable interrference oni their behalf in our representations to you. - In answer to thi,Ve said that in no way could `we support theni 'in a6 more 056eitivo mlanner than by. urias them: to keep their solemiin 6ngagemeuts, as by-that means the Now Granada Cloverment wouldinspire cobfldeice abroa, and induce foreign capitalists to invest their money h oWeshalld continue our exertions on behalf of the bondholdrs,and-shll cmmplcaetoyouanything interestin th ct mayrest frm ,our freqiient' iunterviews with the - (Translation.)- ---'wToNo 249.S o o t "'Iessrs. Powvles, Gi'er, and- Co. 9- "Gentlemnen,-Havg laid before the Executive Power -your memoria of the 8bh.of 2,ayv Wlas,n which, in the narmed -of;thebJondliolders of the foreign- debt., you req4eat, for the peyment of-te inktrest o.tVime Sbondc,- the'. eftul ya- porionnmeat Ot-alif btehpe4uc. oUthe ( Cust-houwee- L -kybmdirected to.3naiyou.thJa.ollo xsl~u~ " 'According to the neare.t calulatio. tl1Ectte of -Otreasnvx 'f n pr3sea' a h ltis,-s ,dI . trher - ' of t .,. $,00. - .the cmini try- ei.1 zthecacroated to have ,beet brobht in, -bndhillitill,be'lbo-h ght, beuforehand '-offloating sa suTheraf d sumen cheri ouYgorw lL be 'increased by - i,;p,5ble hmisriiiewds thenreobable mdinsoniof the def iiiitrAJo f the hou pnrvid s >eG -count the real sahte nill o bS d '- - :- ;,tSOntoiSigs~,, ., :,,-.,-,0,0 g nc_ome . , .*X.1 * '.t000,9000 . : Deficit.-,. '. 2500 -, --'Looking at thsotatement, theve itto. eour e onsnteration what effect wo'nidhe produced'on «hetesntal finxaces of -She country -by thIe appioimn t eat- & eqinestdef by Tfie -ondholder-fam-haly the produce of the Cuslomdhonsesto the p tofheidends,'cidatigtgt halfththilf -am *on'of dora,l.uanlly. -' : ' . 'Fo 4Theref'or, scltai.ivporobnmtnte-dromlo besmorally y wnd physicn lyVimpessible; nsmuch suib wtouldo entirely dierganizeo the autoiitrions M the county ;-ad the Gotsik eut, to theim:ht. g' sorowent tiith the' desire of .Dueing thsa and erp,ic ritg tecreditors, imst .deciare *that, nader the presedt citumdainces, whichiare beyond stheircontol, ithey c- not eonoede hv l has been ren *stdL reI to saying.this,howe ver, the - oveniment does not-refuse* to compltr d principal denand of th bnd. holdetnameyy,athe payment of-the ohendinteret, iid :the provnding the meias for aseetig thi,t which isea'ccraini. "n 'or this pugre se teey;is ve obtained from Congress, as . you 'will see in the oiclpubictions, some- authorizaiins cfeul ciesthimpoa t foresht desired object and: in conse. - Thence of those authorization5 the- Governnen has- -nderCotaken the imprveanextof thefCustom1honse 1ystsmby reducing theo, arifi ccordingvlo tthe eixymle -of other itr ornmer cil codentdies. . - . to1 - - . - . ' '-It isto be hortdthitwi hlgiede conifdence mptioni,oan suge, along with pturrs thet hive' mel to-be mitaken wih regard R t4pu e. Cins'shf- pprth,g 'ior'a ronsiderably dimnis;hing contraband,, ana imcreasinghome,oDnsuntien, net aiy .nstanths 'will pass, but tliat the revenue frormthe imporation dntie. willtise to sceh an amodnt.a_ofrnisa the Government 'with the ineans to extricateitself 'withont rewand greater eun assmenti,Trn the Xenbrmous diDi'ultiesawhtcm at present shrrfiitud the siine. uu5 dd"s TheEfnective goder-ht -ikewise beendahl thorise-dby C,ojigress with regard totho'foUowis&points, Ti.;' t "'1. To apply.exclslvy ti the -payme'nf-oi the-arareed dividens 25 per cen. nof the ifporfatioitdenty' s , "! 2.,To nsdertake lage operations ,of remtion, cngagTgor thae t puvrpOse -the va,liable t nheralu tmines and the lleptEic'se harw- ofjd tbe railway refenore. a l -: - "'3. T9 cavrinto effect a,.new and advanta8eous Sr. ,rnett ent of the hoeindebk 9whereby- the Iepuobel 'will be enabled toan eet,with faithful pruncthiey ty th&fturd dlvidends o the freig debt, -if the b'ondholder& -sist,On their oart-by COnrensDag to somef modifications of the gsreement of l845 that' shll not affect its mnoretessenthl C stipulatons. ' - - ' - ' : -w of -t : t-: ' ' The Government,- considering theso anthorizationsf is occupyfing itself vwitI,devising a pls-n for the cornp~leto settlng of theo foreign- debt, that will parove -very socen)ttable, and w,thii a mzonth,'s time they will direct the bank is oftbthe g ,epnbhi to aCit meon thoiservngem,ett as soonb3s pOs ." ' dean'whieI truotrthhat you, 'who knowdshe actal condlition of the treasury, and the efforts made/to- imnprove the same, 'will not -omit to' impress upDon the committee the necessity of considering:the praivicLa worfingrof theitatter and-assisting the Government in a task theresult of 'which llbnen,o,tsbene5cial~fothe cred tors 'tban 'the' Re ThuEc. ' w -- -i- ' ' e - - - t'no t c sion, permit me to observe, 'that the best pran acreditor can adopt for realizing anv claimis to assist his .lehtorhieis efboier towards that ebiocte and, oit the contrarye thew6rst will be to deprive hm of ther esources that enable himn to meat his most pressing neces,ities i n " ' I have theihonour to bc, ac., T- -S Tro folIosuria g to tel,om teas Fors Bowen f ntng Comparny:- -. . -- . - - -produced- t * CFhe directors have receivea sdvices from their manager to vh 20th of J.nly, ,'of wich tho following is en xctrhct : 'The vessel w;ith the machinery from Jamaiacs arrived on -the 23d tof J.une, and on the--24th-we got everyhin,g ont and laded. The. engine 'we have brought u to the mine;'the boiler and crusher are still at the «oca. -In the-mine-we have been - sinring the shafti in one of these poos;divisions {or horses)~m: the lode, 'which occasionilly intersects and div.ides the lode,2but'the lattwo orthree days' Ihave: seen an alteration-for ,the better. The shaft, from the surface to the bottom, measures 47 feet 4 inches, beLng 14 feet 2 inches 'deeper then any .previous w orlings. iy' intentions are to siil 'feet:deepe-, and then drive east and 'west on the-lode, sas shall th-en-be at a sufficient depth to pass under the iRio. 'del Rey. The gold produced- thiis month st;ilkemarns in an 'a .'~ h ave not hsd time to distill it as yet. - I;shall continue to get' the machinery up from the Bo,canas fast as possible."i' . -.
. I , THE COBZT TRADE, - MARK-LANE3tn,nAV A!-nl- AT, 1Q * The English supplies last week were all scanty, but they were abundantly z1ae up by foreigu import. The exports consistedof 4,199 quarters of wheat, 531 of oats, 432 sacksof flour, andl,760 quarters of mdaize. Of Enfilish:`wheat there" iwere only 2,233 quarters ; o forewgS6,680, 74Q( oa which liere from America, ana over 21,OO0 from St; Peteraburg. There wire but few fresh srAbplesa howinigfrom Kent and Essex this monng; among tbem.era, some fine quality new.; Much raihaving fallen and the weather still looldng doubtfn, though with'a cool north-east wind,/factors realized29. more for English qualities, but no roeaaal., Selected foreign also boccasionaiIy brought a sijar improvemet-.. Of flourtho receiptszera 6,53 sacls from the country, offoreign therdweroe 0 sacks and 41,973 barrels. Trade was £mn, with a higher tendency. Norfolks being held at 50s., town-made top price64s., and American rather dearer, uotwithatandin" the sapply.' The:EngIisbhrarley was. only 670 quartos, tho foreign chiefly Turkiih, amounted' t 11,360 quxters, good sam-' ples were '= request at fully thieprevious rates, andforeign broughtfUly as muchmoney. . I . Malt found a moderate sal&athunaltered rates. Of oatsthere-were 474 quarters British, 3,5L0 quarters .fromIreland, and'&W029'quazt'ersforeign, onie-fotirth being from }ssia. Chioice samples sold more readily at full price,anid hdessriptions found, a steady trade at former qUotationS. :* -'' ..: : There wore 165 qurters snglish, andSl090 quarters of foreign beane. Of E3nglish peas tho' quantity .was 261 quartos, with -2,243 quar-ters fronm abroad. The-tendency to decline was checked by the weather,and bat littledifference o'tainedin.prices. Cakeswere moredifE t at rather easier ates. c t sell, Thesuipply of lieLed was limi'ted to 1,620 quarteis- f-6r India, with 485 quarteks exportD Tmrade was scarcely so lively as of late, but prices much as last quoted, - Canaryseed h4s sustainedqa partial reaction, and was cheaperseveral sillings.- Bapeseed.aaintained its value. oversed, trefoils andother seeds mush as last quoted. - . Aeounat of Coin amviyedhin London :om Augut11 to August 16; OCRV,i PRIC1s EO -B3ITH GRAX? AIM BLOUR IN ' ' ; 'f ' ; , :' '6-9Sifll3 erquarteri -V~eat..ax d.;k..t -69 to.73 extra to 78 mad?o1 tec0.nbje,61-E68 --70 Nofok Lisf0oo!aism ad7orldhire, oySl, '. * r -+ W - . ~~~~63-6 2-8 70- e,~~~~~~~~~~~0 Cid l45 4 4- 9 DietilhInDdto ** 36~ 7 * .Egli!ifoei * . . 40,-8 4 Grtdnto * ,-39 zut .Fm,W6o. S'h' au.! 6-: - 72...........> o-7 ' 2 -' 3>'Ltwo .-~ ~ ~ ,O-7 .. 3-77 63-720 Oatr- WZlLiabfe0d' 2 I':,-'%CitLo ..... ,.,.. .... .. .. . . 2.. 8*>36 -tat*. - 2 2 AIrt,hf, ite *22 34: Ine 26 P -3itob 21 - 22 .3. M=g= 35 , .,. 37 .- .. 3ttr: A ; * 50-5 3- 35 -40 -2' __r . 'ie '-. 42 44! J: 407 45 * .7 t - to /i3,37-39 lou- LT_* 3sd%We 6.2%6Ibt6o6W ins. -- - 6S |, ' ,,,a4 -. mIxed - .:-e::- to 35LS -C*'L 7 Ft i 27, - , -,~.,' .. .. ;. - ' 35. - S.33 Dt4to k,ew. . a. . - . G-- No,ET "d o*, ., .,0l2 --AeJ. - .. 00-6' -PoerneM , ee , Td -, 71- 77 33~ar1ey-.CIrbn . -. ...- 9 - 3m77y . . .~~~~~~~~~~:3, - 4.)5'_5 feed 2*' ' 5 ,.an~wedI~efeed . ..-22.-25, Strlrn ean!- Sseea8 ei40se!. rndian 4onWht 2 33 .Mllow *.D - 3t- B3nI2=H SIIS. T'are% WIntr, Pe bnahel Ccd=ader, perewi. Caro.wy, Per mmt., now 560~- 2- Canary. per ar r.. 97 E-aesed Per qr. abnew 68 20CI Cake,per ton laOs' In 7 Jieapcseed,. . . a Sez. Crtznder,perew8. ~~~~~~~315 20 488Xl,
LONDON, TUESDAY, AUGUST 19,1856. a- it is curious to observe in the several epocs of a nation's history the recurrence of the same paaions under different guises, and the same attrac.tions or repulsions under different denominations. At one period the recollection of-a victorious' -ZZFession pits the representatives of the conquerors and conquered against each other in the - cosItant antagonism of race. The names of the original distinction remain long after both nations have been subjected to one sway and blended uLder one law ; and when, at Last, the distinctive appellation has become obsolete or ummeaning the division is s-till k,ept up by -the intrusion of other jeaoulies and the substitution: of other names. In- the 11th. century the-usual and popular ey of the Saxon-English wqW" D3owlWth "the Normans." [n the 14th century that cry is heard no longer; in its stead resounds the shout, "No gentleman ri and three centuries later it was,- " No more proud Lords and- rotten-.hearted " Bishops i .A:century later heard anathemas against "Hanoverian rats " and " German cormo" ranti " while the present eentur2 at different periods has listenei to outcries against Lords, Bishops, and powers -in general,. and among these powers the capitalists, the millowners, and the class of emplovers as a body. Thus, by right of descent the master- manufacturer has come to fill in the popular mind, so far as a great-change of circumstances will permit, nearly the same obnoxious place that the Norman Baron, the PIAi2TAGENET Lord, or. the STURuT Peer filled in the minds of the commonalty centuries ago. The contemplation is a curious one. It suggests not only commonplace reflections on the identity of j human nature, but also others not less striking on the mutability of clames and the-progress of individuaLs. The outcry against. capitalists and employers is a variation of the- same strain that has been sung since there were great and little, rich and poor, in the world. It is the consolation alike of oppressed poverty and querulous envy. -But the accidents which'provo7ke it --and the accompaniments which colour it are peculiar to our- age, and almost peculiar to this country. The object of the bitter complaint,- the stem remonstrance, the - cynical depreciationij -br the arbitrary combination is neither invested with the exclusive Drivileges of a fe-dal caste nor raised on the pinnacle of courtly grandeur. He is neither armed with the prestige of a dominant race nor decorated with the splendours of regal favour. HIe is just a man of the same origin, the same pefigree, the same name, and, in some cases, the - same' education, early habits5 and training, as- the men who judge him, or dislik-e him, or envy him. He is just a SETHr or a Tno3asox, a BROWNi or a JO.XES, a Wnsox or a Ps&rrsow, like the men who work -at his forge or his jenny, in his pottery or his foundry. The only difference 'between them is, that he is the-employer and they the employed. And what has caused this difference? In some cases, indeed, the accident of inheritance or bequest; buat in the majority of cases it is labour. The master has begun--life in the same condition as that of his labourers, or in a condition but slightly elevated above it. Es position is due to his industry, his economy, hiA common sense, and perhaps, iii some degree, to that good luck, a share of which invariably attends every person whose antecedent conduct and character enable him to turn favourable opportunities to-advantage. From a workman he hls become a middleman; from a middleman-a small capitalist; from a small capitalst a large one; and, finally, an employer of hundreds of his countrymen. A -man who has so risen cannot have effected his sucess - without severe 'struggles and frequent risks. Of these his workmen, of course, know nothing. Of the difficulty with which he -has amassed his capital, or of the anxiety which besets its investment, they are ignorant. They only see the outward and- visible signs of attained prosperity-the working engine, the crowded factory, and the abundant productions. Of the variations in the market-of gluts-of falling prices or failing credit-of the harassing cares which they causethe men have only an inperfect notion. They ee a man " no better than they are themselves"' enjoying, as they suppose, luxury and wealth eamred by their toil, and unembittered by solicitude; and, without reflection, they demand a larger share in th-e products of their own industry, or they threaten- that which to an employer is almost ruin-" a strike." This is one-class of-" strikes." Were it the only one, it would amply justify the re-enactment of the repealed laws against combinations. It would be intolerable that men should combine to extort from their masters an amount of wages -which the current prices or the average of profits prevented them from giving. A systematic resort to this last appeal would crush all- enterprise and destroy all capital throughout the country. It wvould, [n a very short time, raise up foreign and rival competition on the ruins of English industry. But this is not the only kind of " strike."- - As far as - the evidence given before the Commi*ttee of the Commons on Operatives and Masters goes, that class of "strike3" which is begun and continued by ignorant and envious workmen against just employers is exceptional. We are glad to encourage this belief; we are glad to believe that English worklmen do not bring the fearful alternative of a "strike" to bear againsttheir masters merely under a false impression or an ignoble envy of-the means possessed by the latter. Holding this belief, we cannot but regret that too many- employers give cause for the discontent of their workmen by their fahse economy and false pride,-false economy iwhich degenerates into meauness, and false pride -which hardens into obstinacy. - The rate of wages should never seem to depend upon the power of combinations, wlhether on the side o'f the men or their employers. It is, in fact, sooner or -later, determined ' by other laws which are more fair, and therefore more favourable to both parties, than any combinations, however alrong, can be. When trade is brisk all crafts feel the genial influence, and- the expanding field of employment opens for the mechanic a surer prospect of augmented wages than any, union could effect; when trade slaclkens the competition of unemployed worl;men and the fall of profits force a reduction of wages which no urdon can resist. In the former case it is foolish parsinony or foolish obstinacy which makes a master delay a change that circumstances -are bringing about independently of his volition ;- in the latter it is an unreasoning injustice, which seeks to effect by numbers and menace that which the state of the labour-market does not permit. Bat the former is the worse case of the two, because the master is supposed to be better educated and to understand the signs of the market better than his men; and any niggard&parimony on his part provokes a retributive combination on the part of the men. And when obstinacy in the matter of wages is generally complicated with petty acts of despotism, small meannesses, and questionable glippings, the disposition to combine evinced by illiterate wortmen, whose toil is their capital, is palliated, if not jusified. The worst of it is, thnese combinations pro;- yoke counter-combinations. If workmen may unite to force up the rate of wages when they thirk times are prosperous, what is to prevent masters from combining to lower wages when profits are tending to zero ? There is -notbing more unjust or impossibie in the latter than in the former hypothesis. To be sure, each colurse is, on grounds of public policy, dangerous and to be deprecated. Anything that -wouid prevent its occuirence or its frequency is desirable. But what will have this effect?- The witnesses before the committee say that -the men generally have a hiorror of appealing to magisterial tribunals. It implies disgrace, and we are glad to record even a prejudice which denotes self-respect on the part of the English workman. Again-and this is a more material objection-in tne districts where these disputes occur too mainy of the magistrates are master manufacturers, and, even with the best intentions, side with their own class. What is to 'e done ' inIny witnesses auggest local Boards, composed equally 'of _'workmen and employers. But-it requires verTy Ittle knowlege- 'o human nature to predict the division of opinion where the pllants: are' employer ands eimployed. 'And to whom is the ultimate appeal Two suggestions are mnade; one givs a profssional .and stipendiary Achaiman, with a'castmng vote, to° the court of fi-st appeal-; another creates a second copr of appeal, conisting of cperativea and masters of .very-craft. Both these auggestions seem to us impracticable. How is a legal or lay chairman to.und astad all the details relating to the crafts of engineers, miachinists, turners, braswfotuiders, wireworkers, cutlers, calenderers, calico printers, cloth manufacturers, paper manufacturers, weavers, lace workers, glaaa workers, alkali workers,- alum workers, whee1wrights, carpenters and joiners, &c.? Anad yet he might have to give a casting .vote in disputes arismig from vexed questions on the details of these employments. -As for a court containing one representative of each of these trades, - it- would be simply u seless; We can see only "one.-solution of this difficult problem. The. lessons of education, of bitter experience, -and of a sound- conscience must teach masters and men to trmas more to the genial sygmpathies of miutual: co3ifidince and common interest than to the resources of .combination and the artllery of 'strikles." Till this happy cBhange ba effected we shall- have sad repetitions of the Preston 'strike," tens-of thousands of pounds mis. spent by the workmen, hundreds of thousands lost to them as -wages,. and iillions of profits foregone by employers, all for want.of mutual confidence and timely' conference!
It was all very w ell in one's, younger days to read Tomances about piracy, and to imagine that the proper vocation of man was to cruise about the ocean appropriating assorted cargoes, and compelling luckless mariners to walk the plank.. There are few lads of any spirit who have not passed throughl the Red Rover phase of vision, but a very brief experience of life is enough to convince all but professional -dreamers that wholesale robbery and assassination by sea or land are in our days an anachronism. It is, no doubt, quite as possible to carry on human affairs upon the basis of violence as upon the basis of peace, but not upon a confusion of the two systems. Either peace or violence mnust prevail... Now, in these modern times, despite the recent incident at Sebastopol, the miost influential nations of the world have arrived at the conclusion tlhat, save under abnormal circumstances, we are to act upon the peace theory. Nations will go -to war with each other, but no community, no man, shall go to war with all nations, or with all men. Even anong members of the same commiaity we will no longer endure I rapine, violence, and disregard of legal obligations. In our own islands the most high-spirited Irish gentlemran must now approach the subject of his tailor's bill with decent reverence, and no longer qualify that document with the epithet of " dirty," or any adjective of a depreciatory character. The heroes of the garotte are consigned to crank labour, or called upon to give temporary assistance in the construction of those public works which are calculated to maintain the maritime dominion of this empire. We send fraudulent banLers to gaol, and poisoning husbands to the gallows. In India we have' put down the practice of Thuggee, romantic and attractive to the imagination of the Hindoo as that system appears to have been. In the Chinese waters we* have blown pirates into atoms by wholesale, and sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed their junks. Even during hostiities between nations the principle that non-combatants are not to be visited with the extreme penalties of war either by sea or by land has now received the' sanction of well-nigh every civilized people. The- privateer is banished from the sea-are we to tolerate the presence of the professional pirate?' For a longtime past, save in the instance to which we are about to call attention, and, perhaps, in the case of the petty marine larceners of the Greek Archipelago, piracy has been unknown in Europe. When Lord Exsxourn's cannon swept the Mole of Aliers there was an end of organized piracy on the coasts of Europe. The French occupation of Algeria has, no 'doubt, contributed to . the permanence of the remslt, and so far Europe is indebted to hance for her action in Northern Africa. Despite, however, of this, to the westward of the French possessions a lawless -horde -of barbarians still maintain the traditional infamy of the North African tribes, and prey upon any' chance vessel which adverse winds or continudus calms may throw into their power. The 'iAff pirates,. for it is of them we spealk, can scarcely be said to be pirates in the old sense of the word. They do not man galleys,' collect fleets, run up the black flag, and sweep the seas in pursuit of prey. They are rather exaggeratea " wreckers" than pirates of the bad old school, ibut their devastations are not the less annoying to commerce or afflicting to huinanity. From time to time we receive accounts of the outrages which these ruffians have committed, and within the last few days intelligence has been received in this country which will, as we trust, inspirit the nations of civilized Europe to abate this deplorable nuisance once for alL On the same principle on which SIDrna SmITH used to say that we should never have security upon our railways until a Bishop,. were he only of SMnon and m -; had been boiled or squeezed to death, we are now justified in entertaining the hope that something effective will be done aggainst this scum of barbarians. They have acully attacked a Prussian Prince, and, we regret:to add, have infided upon him a severe musket wound; so that if this does imnt rouse the stateSnien of Europe to action we know I not what will. The story .in brief is' thisPrince >AALB}xMT 'of Prussia-the same, we believe, who served with, the British armies during the Sikh campaign, but: who is now High Adniral of Prussia, was criising recently about the Mediterranean in the Prussian frigate Dantsic. When off the Riff coast it was Unfortunately remembered, either by the Prince or by some of the ship's company, that they were near a spot 'where 'a Prussian vessel had been plundered some years hbefore by- the Riff pirates. The Prnce made up his minid to land at the spot in one of the ship's boats,-and to examine the scene of the.. outrage. The boafts crew had pulled --way from' under the cover-of the frigaWte's batteries, and was nearing the shore, when-a firo was opened upon them 'by the Riffs, who fired from hiding-placeso n the beach. - The Prince instantly adopted- the bravest, if not the wisest course.' He retirned to the frigate, manned. and armed her b'oats, made his men bend to their oars, and pulled in upon the beach with redoubled speed. Once landed they endeatoured to cnarge their unseen antagonists, but were taken at. a disradvantage which neutraized their superior' skill, discipline, and courage. The Riffs had the continent of Africa behind them. They were well acquainted with every rock and hidingplace along the line of coast, and of course asked no better than to draw their antagonists away from the beach and from' the protection of thefrigate's guns. It was soon ascertained that against such fearful odds nothing could be done, and the order 'was given to retreat. The Prussianss-were of course fired uponduring this procesw, and by the time they had regained their bo&ts, and got once more under the protection of the frigate's gmns, the Prince's Aide-de-Camp-his flag-ieutenant_wa.mortall woounded, and seven men were killed, and 17, mortally wounded (thrce of them were left on the field aind could not be got ofe);a mat-e wasM ottAlixougjthe,elbow - joit, an1d the Ptince him,sef received aball in-his thigh. Altogether the:affair seems 't- havebeen carned on with much pirit o des' nor is i any imputation inpon the courage, of thep Prussiau seamen that they were at length compelled to. retreat when tsakeu at- such fearful disidvanae. The resolution of Prinew ADABErnT to force a landing seems to hai beenzomewhatlightly taken. We, are at a loss to. see what result he could .ave expected even hid he, succeeded in driving his barbarous assailats from rock to rock for - a mile o 'twvo inland. Had there been a town or village of 'which,:lhe couild have taken posesion, or-hostages whom.he mig-ht hiie seized, the: case would have been different. But tc make a'rush at the coast o m mrica inhe face of a' well-armed enemy, and that- without settled_plan or means of lmaintaining7 a footing if once gained, a,ppears to be a Quixotic idea ,careely-wortny of an officer- in high connuand. .. The end of tlis Bad business is, that the Dantsic was taien back to Gibraltar, and some of the late combatants were .sent. to the niiitary hospitals, some .consigned to the earth with military honours. The Englisgh steamsloop Yesuvius- was at once despatched by. the - authorities at Gibraltar to make:. complaint of the outrage, 'dad - to - de- d redress. It' appears that there is -ome centeal authority' to which application can -be 'made 'in' such case, and this is always something g,ied. The absence of organizatio -would be the most serious obstacle :in- the way of obtaining a satisfactory result. 'Wero these Rifflans merely individual owners of long guns, each of whom was ready to murder or plunder on hiis own account, or in temporary partnership, as it might be most convenient.at the moment, it is obvious that you might hang Auour without ruffling ALfs feelings in any very serio,us 'degree. We kniw so little of the Riffian organization that we cannotpretend to point out precise methods for the repression of their abominable outrages. Our Consul at Tangier ought, however, to be prepared on the instant with all the necessary information upon this point. The French and Eiglish Governments might well umite their, efforts to repress this scandalous system. As the scene of it is not distant from the EgliBsh fortress of Gibraltar, nor from the French possessions in'Algeria, the duty of' coercion and repressionis east'upon 'us both. Piracy' and outrage upon unoffending ships should no longer be tolerated on any portion of the coasts washed by the waters of the Mediterrean.
The frightful colliery accidents which have been occurring nearly every week lately 'must have Larested every oine's attention. We need only refer now to the last two. In the first of these, in which nearly one hundred people were killed, it turned out that no substantial precaution at all had been tak3en against danger. The second was a stiU worse case of carelessness. The mine was known to be dangerous, and yet a gang of colliers, rather than take a DAvY-lamp, took a pan of hot coals; -which, of course, fired the gas, andcprodiiced an explosion that l-illed every one of them. How is this miserable folly and recklessness in the mining labourer to be cured? M. TR}m-- unsan's report, vhich is principally devoted to the question of justice as-between master and man in the mining districts, and the mode of stopping the quarrels between the -two, does not discuss this serious concomitant of mining labour, -or enter into the subject of accidents and the mode of preventing them. But the subject demands consideration, and it vill at once appear to every one who reflects at all, that there is but .one remedy for them,' and that is making the mining labourer himnself more sensitive to danger, and more careul against it. But how is this to be done? Hfere is the difficulty. Sensitiveness to sceen danger-to danger actually present and . on the spot, is a common gift enough; it is- part of our nature, and hardly, indeed, requires reason to give it; the beasts have it. But sensitiveness to priolvble danger-i. e., to danger which does not appear, and which we only know to exist by reason, as distinct from general nervousness and timidity, is far fira a common quality. It implies the habit of acting upon chnces, which is a comparatively rare habit in men, and is the mark, where it exists, of considerable discipline and culture. It is what may almost be called a philosophical habit of mind. The tendency in most men is' the other way. -.They say to 'themselves,"Oh, rll chance it. It. is a hundredi or a "thousand to one that such a thing happens, and '"therefore I Will not- take this trouble about it; "'I will not burden and annoy myself, in fact, to "c ineet a mere possiZiify." That is, perhaps, the reasoining of nine men out of ten, where they are left to themselves. As contrasted with this careless habit of running risks, the habit of acting so as to provide against risk- is a philosophical one. But how are we to- indoctrinate colliers with - the principle and maxim of acting upon chances? It will be said that danger i5 visible and apparent in a. coalpit, and an object of sense, and not merely a truth of reason. So it is to a man who goes down a coalpit for the first time. He finds himself in black Tararianu dungeons, the walls 'of which threaten to close in 'upon him, and the roof'to fall in and crush him every' moment; he sm'ells Stygian smells and exhalations at every step, and he 'seens to himself to be in the veryjawsofdeath. Butallthisisasnaturaltoa pitman as the 'light of the sun, and he does not connect it with danger, any more than the mass of railway travellers. connect a railway journey, with, the, 'idea of danger, though they may kmow as a fact that many' accidentsoccur on railways. It is true that the"pitmnan may have seen accidents in the pit, and have been himself within an ace' of being shattered by an ex plosion, and it- might be supipose& that the actual experience of danger would 'make him sensitive to it. -But here again the facts of -huzan nature apeak Otherwise. It does -not follow at all as a matter of course that 'the experience of danger 'produces caution. It, depends entirely on the character of the manii-_hether it does so or does the very reverse.-If aman has aprovident habit of mindto begin with, he is strengthene' in it by the experience of danger; - if he"has niot, he is'generally onlymade more careless and improvident by such experience. The shockl of contat with real danger once over,' the rude, -undisciplined soldier,: or - sailor, -or pit man, triumphs in having got over the -horror of .it; he has looked Death in the faee and lives ;' he has surmounted the great' crn's then, and now he feels as if he: oula fear nothing again; he 1 glories in -having got '-ver' the teor bf death, and being now a 'free man.. HEe exults 'in his_callousness as a sign of nvictory, and congratulates himself on having thrown off a weight and burden under -which the rest of mankind who have' never undergone this-prooess labour. -- Thus much-opon the general principles of human nature. But 'that labouring.clau;which aiernate3 betwee]n extreme Ilabour and the most sensual and kind of rest is a ' annnal- Thde o r is a peculiarly inprovident pitman descends into dariness, where -he worka -in uneasy positions, in holes ana corners, in bad, aiufoating aVr, for' so nany contiluous houis; he theI comnes up to the. light of 'day, unfit for 'anything' butinerely niiaal' ret 'and indculgence. Persons who ae conversant with this class of workmen say that their kind of employment oeades greatly to -de h{ 4em o Is Of the -future - at all. A clergyn-who- ad--todo with the furnacemen at iron Em atigwozk paid th4, as for preh i jo .thenia-bout afturei 'life, they- had hardly.any idea of a-futur evein this life. Thefurnae producedatendous jerspiration, and with It an- intolerable thirst. The desre- for dxrink, then, wax 'producd overa Ihe furnaoe, and s- atified 4ien they left the furnace;- and -little more oulda be iaid of the fhrnaceman than; could beid of -the bed of.an estuary,-viz., thati: he -was-'- alternately wet and diur.' His Ife was sn4ly- an -ebb and flow of Malt liquor, whEich came eut When he was at work, -Andweutinkivhen hehadleft worIr, andhis aense of ths-fiitur-e was limited to thisi,lternation, -and -neier- advanced beyond it. How are -we to inMa11 habits of caution, then, into a class of operatrves like the collierg? ji th,ey-liave 'not; the -sene of daager-to begin with, how are we.to -give it them7i If they do not take c'are of theiiiselvcs,wh 01s to'tkfke dre of themt A ciap,taino:f a manii-of-wrisaid to has'e oldedhis crew for.h dadtrong rahne6ssand c,areless exposure of theselves in these words"You scounldrels, |" you care as Lttle 'for -your, liveis as if you were ";Cnot Hr& ,A£rEsrrs stnbjectis." T5he argunnent cou7.d hardly 'be :expected to eanwer, and mcii who were indiferent to life as -their- own properLy -could hardly be expcted to' care much -for it as GEOXGn mI.?S. IEnt it is' difEicult at the 'same timne to find an effective' argument -under such cirxuinstancees. Die' argument which the l7awr nowt employs - stho- argurnentum' --ad- 'eruien-au.-. . It fines: the 'pit,man 40s. if he does- not use 'the legal: rpreservatives .aoiunist 'dsnger. Tlhis does not appear at2 first sight a veiry effiective penalty, for it wouldd seem that a muan who woulid not be induced by'the danger of losing his life to takie some little preca,utionary m:easulre woufld hardly be induced to take it by tne chance of losing 40s, ,We should like to l;nowv, howvever, wrhether this penalty is practically enforced ? Ef it is not, let it be, and let the effect of a strict enforcement of it'liS t,ried.- Such is the levit;y and: per,versity of human nature, that, pr~actica1Ly speaking, we often see men cining mnore abo-.t 5s. than aboult their lives; Arid, if -40s. is too mulch for practical enforcemuent;, let the fine be reduced to su.ch; an amonolt 3$s Ca be practically enforced-i. c., imiposed on every occasion on which 'a pitman, has neglec~ted the law. - A light fine well enforced wvill be- much more effective: tham a heavier one-not enforced.' - , _ _~ ~ ~ ~
There are some crimes so horrible and unnatural that: the bare report of them cannot force itselJ upon human .belief without strong confirmat-ion. Such a one. is tthe assassination in cold blood by Austrian troop3 of the, Roman Tribune, AN,-GELo BR-uxETm, better Inown as CicsnuAccHro, togethex wsith his two sons,' one of 19,' the other oi 13. years of age, and four other persons. General -GAiIoir, :than -whom a. more -apright and honourable man haa not adorned the modern annals of Italy, is the author of this report; and, although we would fain cdisbelieve it, we fear thal upon such authority it must be recei ed as correct, If this. should prove true, this most horrible and iniquitous butchery 'wil. do more to assis the cause of: revolution.not - the cause oi moderate and temperate reform-in the Italiat Peninsula than all that Mizzm has been ablE to accomplish in a quarter of 'a century of agita tion. This man, A7YGELo BuNrrTr,. had in hi time rendered great service to the Papal oatu when it was in very serious danger. He had beei courted and caressed by PIo Noro, and if, at last he abandoned the party, it 'was not until it hac been abancdoned by its chief. If BRVINa= al length took the extreme popular side at Rome, i must not be forgotten that- the Poen, himself fairlJ ran away in disguise. He had great influence ove2 his fellow-townsmen, and this influence wvs used oI the side of peace and order. That in common Vitt the population of Rome he endeavoured to resisi 'the invading armies of France is most 4tie-trme, also, that he 'wished ill to the cause of Austrian despotism in Italy. He was not, however, an Austrian subject. He, owed no allegiance to FE&Dxnz-N or his successor. Vhat treason he may have comn mittea was conmitted against the Porn in hie character of temporal Prince, anld was not certainly to be avenged by Austrian bullets or Austrian bayonets. All that 'we know as yet of this most atrocious transaction is contained in the following brief letter,- addressed by General G(liBDAni to a Genoese journal l'INr. Editor,-Sinbe my retreat from Rome until this day I flattered myself 'tatImight find Cicernacchio and his sons in some concealment in the Ap.ennines; bht to-day-the sad certainty reaches me that the virtuoes townsman of Rome was shot at Contarina, near the mouth of the Po, by Austrian soldiers, commanded by an officcr of Vic Imperia famiigy. The persons shot were sevenCiceruaccchio,two sors (one of 19, the other of 1 years), the young chaplain Romarino Stefano, Parodi Lorenzo, Captain in the Italian Lgion of Montevideo, aud two other ini. vidnals, whose names I don't know. "'I claim your favour to ash-; in the iame of society, througn the public press, an acwcunt of these indinvias from the authors of this misdeed, which cerinly is necessary in the interests of the faailies of the deceased, remembering at the same time that not one of the Austrian prisoners of LTndo or of theo RoMagnx was over shot. Ob. serve also that Ciceraacchio, his young son, andRomarino, althoQuh-they accompaied ine ini the retreat, never carried arms. `"With respect, Yours, Genoa,'Aug. 6. . . - "G. GAIRIBALDI" The infanious persors *ho directed this execution seentoforget:thatsobloodyaleedrousesag aintthem and the Government,they represent the sympathies of Eutope, just an the massacres of September inithe Abbaye during the days of the first French Revolution consigned the authors of themn to the 'universal execration of smnanldid. 'Who is to plead the cause of men who 'violate ovesy- good [feel of human nature, and who imbrJe their hands in iinocent blood? Who cant do nore thandeplore the reprisals wvith which those who authorized thisMloody deed will one day 'surely' be'vsited? -The wonder is that the Government of any country pretending to civilization can condescend to do such shamnbles'work for another. Why;camnot the PoRe be left to hang, decapitate, -or destroy inprisonrebels to his authority MThe Iimperiil family of Austria- are literally poaching ontheir neighbousrs manor for the sheer- past,ime of shedding blood It is strauge indeed .that officers and men we-ar-ng the Ausrian unif4orm can be foud willing to urb-' 'mit-to 'such' dep degradation. It is intelligible that ti6ey shoaili shoot 'doln the disarmed Rungar4ans, or L-ock- the-Viennese on 'the head at the word of command ; but one would have supposed that soniething- like- -military etiquette, if not hiimanitty, would have, -iispired them 'with diust ,when called upon to be the mere executioners for a;foreigu Prince. Jor Was the present caseone between combatants in which it was possible that a aeldaie's rough l6gic might go astry. This Roman Txibune was not: a soldi-er; nor, was the chaplain a "cfighting manu 'nor the little- oy -who -was so foilly murdered. - -it -is :difficult- to find any. ma.inc our own day in England to *whom' Cicmwiccwro could; be' rightly compared. 'Y H 'peiaps, or WmTMar COMBBnr as lecturer and demagogue, not as writer, may per[h,ps serve as an illustration, although, in poin' of morality, if not of ability, this unfortunate Ronman'was better than 'either of our¢.'English demagogues. CoIuOM0 Wu, a muan 6f a far milder and more persuasive character than either _HRNr or COBBYmi, and bad attined immense influence over his townsmen by far lea . ia the puiatil.of -th oitticai obth' Oy)je : he remifinied in Rome *rn the kcihs #st .the band3 of :the 3?richx :it -i e a imppoirtt as it - oh aUTe ~ i M iipoliu ab-ik roJd ave ibeen:-lwjuato- c6ndemn him:to death for that WIhbi & aiterL Wag ,JSIt - opiior o- . . W AFe uiivg in a ppier land, and- ner d rely nxor in -heir woonm q can, mcii m4t sEem x, bit, * -erewe npiby mix.d upwjth the- direction of pbIcbaffairs in:ot of Continental Europe, we.could not at th -j moment divest ourselves o - n easy feeliig oE coming ratributioi Thiis e of aIc o of hig young; arei and of bi frends, m'h to sZWell the bloody debit, of- wich payment -,will one dae surely be exiced to te lNt h item ii the foul accolnt. .
-AL WLPHI WiR4T.RE. .i newt ancl origin' drama, whh 'was brought ovhf c st wtb,the title Zveland ;iti'-o, th AltiddImcn, Aly,%nawers th. pIee of dIVlaying tI. Barney -Wi- does ho a ePlctig ofibiilai .chircter, and 'well does hle ava n biniecf oeis olportlniy ; e rer sent one of.th e aa t he e sp e wiho;: comib a hyd heseei ile of shilkelagh-Ilonrsig -acn,'bse-rsin sonorous h evo hav, from t e im ral, been mrkcedets ftheseitnhpublIc e we saee this patd brlich by the hoinae frayed -with so grea an amountof ertn~j r vigry e;gjTheplay-of the eye is renStl p sot, iav e oirh of the na6tiona wea s ot tingut5 kind, the Wio&s are the pefergion of strainedshuaourpervades sbe plye- 0ntig ilOrance, vrhich neverthless isunexcepionablyeasy nn ee f exa e. raton.The'whle ls~ is±lc, uctous, and truthflim. the ighet deree !'is. BrneyWilams break-s asuiner fort ~ nonce he lnk Tha bind 'her to 'her New nglnd~andbecomes an elderly Hibernian. da6e, in veyrsetheworthy friend andl confidant of the tattred ero hosevirtueg she reflects, neot -much sofiened by the feminine nature. A jig, executed by the pair in a state of terpsichoreanfrro,, is a masterpicc of smirnt on both sides, and uinrest.akeable was the sympathyTit a'~akenod iunthe audience last night.' All the energies and genUS of the ito uasoit, Ragged Pat and. judy O?Crt, are deoea oteutrcn fusion of one MEr. Soe awce fdlmn"wocm binesin his single rsnllToeelqaltswhcIrh novelits- have madeimra,adwoedfa sawy to awaken the joyofeeysettr oarood. e 'wil concede thatThplsueoeegor. ywo is miade to look 'ikdee nhswg,isle vh sarcaWoi Judy and bulled by the orgosP%I 'ey exuste. But - why shoiuld heb md the pnincij L.gur in a 'serious plot, irn which a -model farner, one Dan O'Cawlau, acted by hIr. Garden, holds -the post of honour!? Dau O'Caw]san is the maost estimasble of umnam. beinks, andl ihoeghi his enemfies .get him into one'scrxne by laying apurge in his path o purpose to accue him' of theft and hiis friends Ilng hi 3nto) smother -by breakIng ope the 'prison in w=hich e i confined, he bears all his suffrings wijth surpass_ing meek-. ness. -Nevertheless)n O'Cawlsn is amos3ttremendousbedre, anid his 'woes mnost gloomily interrut the torrent of "1fuWli Tha isket u by?ir. nd rs Wilias.Could mot any amout o ingnuiy trnsfrm tis hreeactdramas int6 a two-ct frce Thechane wuld urel-hefor the better, ~rset hae asben laedfo 73nghs n hUnite
TnE ll s.- SoumkxrTo?e,, Aug. 1S.-The Ioyal mail steamer Magdalena, Captain Abbott, riled this afternoon wi'th the West India and Pacific msils, 60nis. sengers, 2001. in specie, jewelry valued at 6,0C0L, and a foil general cargo. 'he Penmnsular and Orionttl Companys screwsteamer Alhambra, Captain Jay, alsoleft to-day, with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Cadiz, Lisbon, and Gibrltar, 30,641. in specie for Cadiz, 1,0001, for Lisbon, 24 frst class, and 12 second-clas assengers, anid an average cargo. The Indus, Captain Brookes, with the India and Mediterranean mails is expected on Wednesday next TheUnited States' mail steamer Waslsigboxi, Captain Cavendy, with the German, FrenchA mnd English maisfrom NewYork for Bremeln, will arrive off Cowes abolut Saturday next. TEE RoYAL FA Y eF OurD.-S,SoTAnrsmx, Aug. 18.-The following-are the names of the 3iembers of the Royal family of Onde, together with their suite, who are expected at this port on Wednesday next by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's mail steamship Indus, from Alexandria, with the India mail:-The ex-Queen of Oude, with nine ladies and one eunuch; Warm Wallee Ahud ahaadoor, heirapparent of the Ring of Oade, and nine native zentlemen; General Secanda lushinah, the Einf of Oudes brother, ana eight native gentlemen; Mulvee I usseeordeen. Ehan Bahadoor, Equerry to His lfajesty the King of Oade- )oonshee lS ahommed Ruvfee, Secretary; Jallesood Dowlah Syed Allee Xhau Bahadoor, Aide-deCamp to the King; and 67 followers. The Royalprty will also be accompanied by Captain J. B. Brandaoq interpreter to Her Najesty and the Princesses of Onde; NTewab Nazier. Iahommed, Jurcet ABee Xhan, llesr Furzand Allee Khan, Neer Bakah Allea Ehan, and Hormusiee Berzerjee ioodee, prncipal officers and ladies in attendance on Her Najesty ana dAughtern, and 10 ntive servants. The entire party Will consist -ef a10 persons, who will, on their arrival, he proided with every accommodation. It is expected that the .oyalpersonages and suite will remain a shorttime in Southampton previous to proceeding to Lsndon, and two vacant establishmewts will be secured for their reception. -Instructions hare been forwarded, so as to insure every arrangemett for their comfort, and it-is the intention of Her Majesty and daulghters to remain strictly secluaded during their sby. It being necessary that an entire establishment should be devoted to t'oaccoumodation of taheo oyalpasty,the prncipal hotels in the town were compelled to rehinish er Maje6st'patronage. The Customs' authorities of the pert will refnuer-every facility in the examin ation of -the Ts3 Qnxcss VOYw(uD .&coss AwLA?rnaIC.- The British and North American Royal mail steamship Persia, C. E. E. Jndk-ins, Commader, arrived in the Mersey on :Friday evening writh adriase from 2e-wYork to the 6th inst., $1,034,334 specie on fr2igtt, and 172 pasegers. The ~Peraia has in this instance accomulished the most remarikable feat in maritime history, having~ traversed the distance between New Yorkand liverpool-abou 32 mujles-in little over nine days. Whilo there is every reason to believe that she will surp even this npalleled performance, we eeiour utto pla the fact on record, as n gratifying proof oft our commercial prog ress aLnd the r pid improvementse in shipbuilding s.nda chinesy. From the mom^ent the l'ersi cast o£hier mooring at Jersey ditiv to her arrival in the Mee the exact time 4ccupied wet 3 days 9 hours and 45minutes from which we must deduct 4 hoars 45 minutes' difference of time between the two ports, and2 hours 20 minutes detention, maing the net time 9 days 2 hours and 40 minutes from portt or 8 days 23 hours 30 minuts from Sandy ook to the Bell -Buoy ThePersia has now ompleted four voyages, and it i notable feature in this splendid veTels career, to oe that emch sucOeeding homeward pge was de in less time than the precedingone.- The n ecoi runwas accomnplished in 9 days 12 hours nd 7 minutes, while the third occupied 9 days 8 hours and 40 minutes, being just sixhours longer thanthe time taken for the present tri From the log of thePersiawe leamihat she artod at full speed at 10 45 am. on the 6th of .uguaL At 12 25 the en ewswre stopped to discharge thepilot. After adetention ef 20minutes the order, "full speed,"-wasaga5in given,- and she fairly proceeded on her course, lith aamoderate bra fromN W. of the four days suooeadng light winds prevailed, which, though coming from. favouable pointS, added nothing to her sped, her progress being, e the 7t, 289 miles; on thl 8th, 23miles; -on the 9th, 308 miles; anad on the 10th, 333 miles. On the Ilth the IPersia axained her higet ate of steaming during the rmn-namely, 348 mies,-inst alE.E breeze. On the 12th, 13th, and 14th a1eranreapectively 331, 34, and 342 miles, the winds durmg tiis time blowing fresh from N.,- N.N.W., ind N.W. She p ssed Cape Clear at 10 26 .UI on the 14th, rounded Holy. eadatl40p.m. on the 15th, and was hoveto off the bar at 515pin., where she wndQletaindtw hours for wter, and passed-lisa .Ile lighthona at 830 p.n-Zircspoo Ajbjoss. .LoUA mw^m ~ r-Dos~ nr mi~oscrc-O-tr table is literally covered with complaiits from all quarters is to the lees of timend. inconvenience erperieued from the irregularity of the railway trains. No a single day puses without the trains being hou behind-their and on Saturday night it was no lemsi1san four,onrs ite. We have heard it reported t#at Lord Pannurewats le$twho hours sitting in a wheelbarowt =-Guthrie, lasltweek wadting forthe train. The Aberdeen and Scottish M5t J1an4 oompaniee spa not freefrom blame -in this mtter but eulast do themn thejustice of saying that tenicp detention occuts. southar.i of their lins yuXf sne. thing could be done to remedy hs nowh dais evil DaJ after day the eouth mail ir an hour,and aoinzis more, behind uit stated time of ara and the l and ioca nience caused by this ae scarcely caleulie.Mon - Ina ourreport of the BAfti Aiwoc , in ion G on mechanical scienee, the name of the inventor of t1e railway bTeak is Sisoo, and mot loc, as printed
'i, A I I ThE 1AToiaTAN NOTE. I I Ihe Col0aa- Gaedet publislies the following as a ,= rect B YTopsi3 of the note of 'the .King of -Naples In reply- to the recent notes of Enlaiid and . 3=ce. . *- Ferabg e and fozma declines all interference of the .Weshams ePoera in the internal affairs of his kingdom. He rejects it as cc'nta to all the rales ef international law, as -n a5tacic upon ae independence and dignity of his Crown. BeIipns upon the psincipleS of eternal iustice, which pre. M=rieb 'that thou shls U,,t do anto thy neighlbdur wliat thoU wouldat no) have doz!e isn_ thee,' he puts the follow. ng queztions to tho London Jeabi,t,. who,soe represen. tationsweze made in much strongr lanuse thai those of 'rsnce :-' What would Lord Fzalanertoa say if the iea3politnn Government was topresume to desmnibe the management of the English Cabinet, and to propose a modiEcasion in its internal policy or the adoption of more liberal vievs towrards Ireland, orto recoimmend more hunanae conduetetowards its lndmansulbjects? WYhatwouldhesay--what would ha reply 'o the ippresentatives of that Power which 3interfered in sach gise with the Government of Her Mafesty tl He wonldreply, ai theCourb rof Naples now replies, that ho does not recognize in any ono the right or the pover to dictate a line of conduct or to address. reproaches. Or zatiserhevrould notdo: 4his,-LordPalmerston woulV d not even giLve hinseL' the troublo to reply at all ; he would *ncst probably send the :meddling, representative -his pnPorts, And has not the King of Naple, as '-ll as Great - Britain, the right to look after ids own hoinour and that of lis people? ae may, as a proof of his go0cdWil, listen to: communaicatlon5 miaewith a view to the consolidation of pxublic order in Europe; bht then susch comamunications must be made with hsat moderzation and deference whichb is due to a free and independent' Sovereign; and he alone must be allowed to fo.-m his judgment upon the propriety of tho proposed measures ad of the moment for carrying -hem out. No onie exCaptthe King himself can form acorrect judgment upon what arcumstainces may require. It is asserted that the present Ete of things requinrs certain alterations and improvqpsents. It is stated that the armed attacks of the revoln'ion agpinst the Government of the Two Sicilies hare peased. This is primsd facie evidence that the system opposed to them, and wbich is the object of such violent attacks, is 'not so useless or so baneful as some per. souns vish it to bo bElieved. Bat, it is added, the necessify for such a system no longer exists. The King is not of Wzis opinion, and his will cannot be opposed unless the ex. zrcise of superior force can be asserted as a right. But ;what will then become of the principle of Royal authority'. and. what value will be attached to the acts of a Government which have emanated under the pressure of a foreign E?owsar? Under such circumstances any concession, however justifiable, would lose all effect. His Majesty Sing Ferdinand, therefore, regards himself as perfectly justified in maintaining his prerogative, and of notifying' his intention to decide himself alone upon what ought to be done, and the proper time for doing it. EHe ardently desires that that time may speedily be at hand; sutiticannotbodenied that the violent and systematical a?ttac7s of the English press and. the demands thundered forth in the English Parliament are of a nature to adjourn that timo for tho present. Is it supposed that such means are calculated to calm the evil passions in a country still- a prey to the revolutionary doctrines of 1848?. It cannot surely have been already forgotten that the Central Committee of Italy only recently established the principle *'that political assassiation was not a. crime, especially when its object was to get rid of a powerful enemy,' and that this same committee put a price apon the head of. the King of Naples, and pro. snised a reward of 100,000 ducats ' to the man who rid Italy of this monster.' Coasidering such recent facts, it is not only the right, but it is the duty of His Majesty the -Eing of the Two Sicilies, to act with the greatest caution, and not to relinquish carelessly a eystem of government lv7ich he thought fit to adopt, as much in the interest oE his subjects as for his own safety. It has been asaerted, and attempts have been made to establish tha assertion, that the Constitution of 184S, under which the above execrable -principles were openly promulgated, is the fundamental law of the kingdom of -Waples. But it is overlooked that when that Constitution was proposed to the Sicilian Parliament they rejected it eith contempt, and asked for the Constitution of 1812. The concessions then made by King Ferdinand IL. had no other effect than to increase the demands of the revola-ionary faction throughout the whole of Italy, and the zisings which took place at Maples and at Palermo were the nignal for risings in Sardinia, Rome, and Lombardy. Is it tesirea to see a renewal of those dreadful crimes and strophes of which unhappy Italy was then the theatre ? The Constitution of 18i8 would be wonderfaully adapted to .-ring forward a repetition of them. Bat,.on mature refection, that cannot be the idea of the Cabinets of 3;ondon- and Paris, whose object must be the maind-enance of the peace of Earope, so dearly bought '3specialily it cannot be the view of the French Cabinaet. After having taken sach energetic measures at Lome to put down revolution, France surely cannot seek to Create it in Italy. This would be in direct opposition to that wisa andcleverpolicywhiuh has been so successfulUy carried out. France and England should also reiember that the Var in the East was undertaken precisely to prevent a foreign Power from interfering in the affairs of Tur. key. Any similar interference in the kingdom of the Two Micilies would be a curious anomaly, not to give it a more Tprecic qualiheation. King Ferdinand cannot, and wiU not, lelieve in anything of the sort. He places full confidence in the acknowledged principle so gloriously established by the Courts of Paris and London, according to which every independent State, although much weaker than the Power which wishes to force its counsels upon it, has -1he incontestable right to reject those counsels if they eontain Ea menace or an attack upon its independence. eh King-is firmly zesolved to adhere to what he has said. If, however, an attempt should be made-which is scaredly possible-to go further (pawer outre), His Majesty, relying -on the justice of his cause, would appeal to the patriotism -of his peopl, and, trusting to his brave and faithful army, -would repel force by force."
PORTUGAL,. Under date of I;isbon the 1lth of August the -ifoniteucr of yesterday publishes the following:- "On the evening of the Sth inst. an attempt at disturb-nce took place at Lisbon. "For some days a certain anxiety ,as manifest among the lowerclasses, caused by agitators,who took advantage of -Zhe hign price of bread to attribute it to speculators and hoarders. Some meetings of workmen had already taken place, and the Rccolucao de Sdembrro had. nnnounced, in its number of the 6th, that a rising might 'e -expected. At 10 o'clock on the night of the 8th groups from diferent parts of the city assembled on the square of Donm Pedro, where, excited by the speeches of some pertons, they attacked a baker's shop, and were going to break in the doors, -Rhen the quiet interference of General Count do Francos, who commands the 3Municipal Guard, made then abandon their plan. They then proceeded, ahouting s Fiea Dom Pedro F./' 'Death to the hoarders !' to the house of X. Maria Eugenio d'Almeida, one of the chief tobcco dealers and proprietor of some steam baldng mills 'Which provide-bread to part of the town. Having smashed all the windows, they did not retire till 2 o'clock in the morning, when they were driven back by the Municipal Guard. "While this wvas going on in the centre 'of the town enother body of rioters in the Buenos Ayres faubourg endeavoured to excite the troops to join them by stopping In front oE ths barracks and shouting 'Long live the Sing! Long live the troops' They did not, however, zacceed. On the 9th the city remained perfectly tran§unil; but at 5 o'clock on the evening of the 10th numerous. group3 paraded the s'reets with the same shouts of ' Long live the King!' ' Log live the people je ' Death to the Isoarders!' At 10 o'clock they forced the doors of two oc three bakers! shops on the Dom Pedro-square and in the Augusta and. Prata streets, which lead into it. They then -proceeded to the house of AL d'&Ameida, ths windows of which they had smashed the evening before. Some menearmed with pickcaxes end hatcheshaving destroyed the railing which protects the entrance, the mob rushed in, pilaged every thing they could lay their hands on, and. when they left set fire to the building. A detachment of Lancers happily sue. ceeded ini putting out the flames and dispersing the rioters, alter taking a fevr prisoners. On the Square of Comnerce, an inspector of the market, -who made use of his pistols when attac,ked by some armed mnen, was put to death on the spot by the mob, which vwas not dispersed til a late hour in the night. " On thoe morning of the nth the King arxived from Cintra. His first act was to dismiss the commander of the Municipal Guard for his waent of energy. Groups still p^aaded the streets during the day, compelling the balcersto sell tloir bread at half-price, but in the evening the autho2itils appeared resoIved to take energetio measures. The squarea and. principal streets were occupied by the military. inder the orders of Count de Ponte de Santa-Maria, Com. inander-in-Chief, ad interim, of the army. The nob, nti. L.aidated by the military force, dispersed. | St The King returned. o Ciutra in the evening.";
. 1 I z. RRIS1A - R-SIIA U-nder the datd of St. Pet4ersburg, August:,-- the Ddb6.4 publishes the fooWin:g. " ' In the interview which; Ccit de Morny had yesterday vith -Prince Gortschelkoff, the -Minister of Foreign A ffairs, sorme ezplanations were. given respecting the questions mooted in the German and ERiglisl jouranls on the subjeot of the e4aeation of.the Tu3ish- territory of Asia Minor aind of the occupatio on Serpents' IAland by -the itussians.- -The explafiatioxs given may make this incident be regarded as completely terminated. i" As regards tle Sexrpents' sland, I am alssured thatMshe Rusiian Cabinet had not the slightest intention of infringng the treaty of the 30th of March. It is also ia my jXOViG to contradict the statemnent that Russia has the intention of constkreting aiortress in the Gulf of Bothnia, destined to replace ocmarsund. "It has been finally settled that MI. de .sseleff~ shall proceed to Paris iminediately Lifter the coronation. 1hIas had an interview with Count de Morny."
I- - AR7 - I iESTL O TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your correspondentj "Free-trade inlaabour," who objects to soldiers beirg perni,itted to earn wages at harvestS ing, lest their competition should unfairly reduce'tho price of labour, evidently does no t aindeistand the snecial needA cf the season. - Time is 'an -imnortallt element in getting in corn. A veek'sdelay-inzezpinggrain-after it is once ripe occasions an enormous loss in an increase of bran, and waste of grains shed upon the earth from the over-ripe ear It is to save time, and secure tho harvest befora it is spoiled or wsted, that induces .nany perions in commor with Sir Morton 1eto, to ask for the help of soldiers in our thinly populated districts, for although no duubt 5s. a-day will in timie attract plenty of harvest hands, it may not-indeed cannotsend them soon enough in many counties. I am surprised to see the sneer at the "liberality of farmers" from 6ne whG signs himseif a " Fie-Tder.d` He ought to know that wages are settled by demand and e;upply in nlRtrades, including farming, andnot bycharity, although I take leave to ansert that in no class of employers of labour is mnore consideration shown ior their servants during hard times than among agricultuxrists. Every one who has passed the winter on a great farm has heard of many contrivances, many fancy improvements undertaken in order to 'keep labourers at work and out-of the poorhouse. I - -tam. c.. S. S. Central earmeres' Club. TO THE EDrIOR OF TH}E. TIES. Sir,-I consider the suggestion miade .by Sir Morton Peto to employ the troops in England in cutting the harvest 'to be highily unjust and~ objectionable' In many counties I can positively assert the faimers do :not -offer 7iberl wagges, considering the' extreme importanice of, getting, in the harvest quickly this year,' when the grain has all become ripe necrly at the same nioment. In ofne fiveacre. field of wheat, in Surrey, I saw one man and one woman engaged, .and, on inqniry, found the ,owner was offering such a. low rate of wages thdat the working-penple decLinedt his'service.. This was :notoriously the case aIso during the hay season, and had the rains which commenced some days aftr the first part,of the.hay crop was cut oontinied; thle great portion of the hay vwould ha-ve been' lot insoe ce. The harvest. comes but once 'in the-year, and it is o3iy' jus and fair that the labourers shouldl hare theiiturn then. I am. Sir. Your obedient servant. W. P. AuguSt 16.
NEW IN[VESTION TO, PREJnyEy Srn Bo1rcus EiPLosOEs.-Yesterday afternoon an experiment was mnade nt~ Manchester, in the presence of a number of eieintifie gentlemen; to teat an invention to prevent steam boiler explosions. The trial took place at the works, of the patentee, Mr. William Routledge, Nevwhridge Brass k'oundry. The apparatus,.which is of most simple construction, consists of an elboowv pipe connecting the fuinace'with the side flue, aid is fixjed just below the wvater level in the boilr, ut ay e fiedat ny levtio, tr in any position an opnngitoasidle,o centreainegsi that is wreqidn red. Thqispipe isd pefoated wppith ao numberd of hlsaboute half sur ofth bole. The mnoment the water in the boiler, from neglect or otherwise, is below the level, and leaves thi pi p hare, the heat from the funace acts upon the pugs, which melt, and t-he steam, escaping through the hloles, immediately relieves, the pressure in the boiler, and in a abort. tine ext.inguishes- t-he furnace fire, thus'preventing at once the possibirty of the bursting of the boiler from want of water, or injury to the, boiler from the action of the-fire upon the plates hae of water, whiclhlatter cause so frequently results in ultimate accident and loss of lIfe;,for, though no immediate explosion takoesplace, the plates are so weak-ened and injured as to cause some future accident, for whih no reason can, at the tine,. be assigned. .The present. patent. entirely obviates this danger, as any negle6t on the part of those in chiarge oDf the boiler mnust he attended withmmediatle discovery. The experiment tried on. toiss ccason wa-s Very successfT ul Iless than one minuteI after the water wias let *°off, so as to leave the pipe il the boiler juist 'banr the plugs melted away, and the steamescpaped through the holes. The presr 4 ofste in 'the eoiler at the moment was 40i1b, and in about 10 minLutes it' was donx 'to -251b. .There w.as nao inconvenience caused in the'efurnace, as Use stean, after act' for a few moments upon the fire, can be tuned off through the regular channel. The apparatus can be refitted w ith plugs and the boiler he at work again in two or three hours. Conside.i-ngthe2amountof su'fferingfrom explosions, I the invention is a very7 important one, The prIncipleis sai to be quite new-, for though fusible plugs have long been applied to boilers, they have generally een foundk t caid tot the qttin th8e nepnw- L for thoug fus tibertod th beoa failure in consequece of depending upon the tempe- EE~~~~ ~ ~~~ p.EE FS a B .h zse.c rature of the water (which, a a ftr a isbon crenders l lure) to act upon them. In this invention the fasble plSegs have the immediate action of the fire 'upon them, rind the instant the water is below the level of the pipe must melt, The expense of the apparatus is very triflinig, and within a limited tine wilosreda.the original cost, as it actassa powerful generator o steam. DA4nT.ifoort Co,vicr PaRisoNt-The eighth report of Colonel Jebb, surveyor of convict prisoms, just issued, gives some interesting information relative to Dariancnr pison. The establishment having been formned as a prizn ,'or invlid capable of light labour, at is of importance to know how far it has answered the nuspose as regards health. Phthisis appears,to be the c&use of the greatest msortalii,y, but during the year 1855 there was a considerable reductika in sickness and mortality. The deaths' only amounted to 24, and tbis decrease, as compared' -with previous -years, was the mnore remark-able from the increase that had taken place in the invalid class. Out of 545 pr-isoners received during the year 18.55 not mocre than abouxt 20 were ablebodied men. The convicts are chiefly employed, in agrincultural work--in reclaiming the waste 3morland, hy trenching, draining,anncoigitsoe walls Another work- is cutting turf forfuelandligzht,andunderthisbeath governor reports that, notWthstandingthevarieolenes of the season, the turf has been securedin excellentorder; 2,SI0tons have been stored, which telded am3oneyvalue of 1,0931. l0s., and furnished the prison with a. valusble supply of fuel and lig'ht. The gross total cost of mnaintenance of theo prison in 18555-6 is set down at 38,530?. Is. ; gross total cost per prisoner, 32 -2. 4 dedluct value of labour, Ire., 2,232. 4s. 9d- wihleaves the net total cost of maintenance at 36,2981. ifis. 3d., and the net total cost per prisoner SOt. 4s. lId. The total prison population durinigthree years is stated at 4,785 ; daily average number, 495 ; number of deathis, 04; nutmber pardoned on medical grounds, 9; percentage of deaths and medicalpardons 2,15. In reference to the ticket-of-leave -system then governor of Dartinoor prisgon says,-" Another year's trial of the license system affor,ds an opportunity of referring to its results. Since the pasn f the&nct for the discharge of prisoners on license4 ithi 'country- 962 have been liberated, of whom 235 have had their licenses revoked, andl I have only heard of five whotrevahyavdesrgoneda newtialad bareagaian thend insmaes viiof riston"O theiln fHy whol , thepion atl artce ismaid tobioul lgingonieitin rhespexctsasvatisforily as oe,andb exeTHEd considerin the diffcutes'inseparablefriomuth ehnforementhof deciliner fon suh aO class," o Sncay Thsinteotak rest usingdelc cfantiquityhas weinderstand, been visit orSatra to, the islh,and ofHytho,ugtoualtpeaace ma-. liciouslay l ait n fiel wtin thceexai tiontinathe stone,pand pharties guilty of the nefarioush ac areuasnd yethuknown but ward avingalreay beeoffeedtoanygoeatwh meayo give o' Creeds .Toscrssfothil.ee T an Wnsrncy - Grcatsrsosrm- eiu change inth wasth eeriforuh'osey doccured. o udy W ithou any prvoust cindicaltion, thawnd, chanenh the latter atu ften day wM tho serious''id'hihhsbe cad oingt niclulbeaonyo.nuy Avs un tiyof techolrn beien cut alring theoeek andaSgneatderso itex woumlvdohvebeenaputhinrikintheboyo bheginnilof this eekaur Itwill' t~bo takesoetiEne,levnd'wthrefine.Hwevter~ o~the cu crnead tyhat wodhich's unecuti o~ much lejaidbyth wind and rei as(Ax to B. seroueslyodamage.The wet weathere thasete isno atuatmosatcritical tie, -and,rshouldepoitdcontine, thelconsequence, inwhil bhe ofrerainous importance tor the countsary. eostd Tan LMATE REALEo xrwThspriesa.who apexisence of the choler in branho alroming oforman at.Lso edr it- rexbe arrangiediyhs Loardshi' exeney ofn Br.omh rjen t v. el-i tEreis nof dieroubotati willre utimdatel deposited inhueb chaphel at vlEn ingewhich Stheremain 11ofig.theateeal andc Vcoucntes r epstd
I' IRALARD.D. ,1 - -; , -.. I -. ,ROM, OUR I5:' : " 1 -.:E DhBLIw IISAATOLIOI' ^oZicyz: The revelati.ons3oft thee lomanaiconr"pondentDof The Timea touching th proodeing at the. recent Synod held in Dublin have not pa.sed over as an ordinarY nine days' wonder. -The policy -thua brought to light continues to agitato the . minds .of the Irish PRoman Catholic party; lay and, clerica and from 'what has been-permitted to trinspire in a public form persons outside the: pale would be led to believe that -the extreme views of Dr. Cullen will be 'strenuously realated bZ; a large majority -of p,elatesand priests, backed oy.the.all' but unamimous voice of the Roman Catholic laity. Alreadyv the local mouthpiece of Dr. M'Hale-speaking and acting, of course, with full. authorit-has pronounced in favour of independence; an against the .reaults which may.be expected "to -accxue to Catliolicity in this ceuntry if a certain polcy is pursued to an undue or imprudent length." 'Admitting the communications of -The Times to be 'substantiaBy correct, and no less correct thanusignificant and -startling, the' T-uam era. 'proceeds in this .strain:- . "F3rom several facts which hare hitherto escapced discus-' sion and comment,'.the Irish Catholic public are beginning to feel that a newv era of: ecclesiastical policy for this country.isa-about'tocosnmenrc. Layman areslowtdointorfere in such' matter6, exsept with great caution and with' bated breath; but-when organic chnges are about 'to- be made id the regimen of such a nation as Ireland-so long and so devotedly attachad totthe lIoly See and Catholicity-' it would be wise in those who originate such changese to.pausee'in the onset of' their: career. .Great zdal there may be,u but over-zeal 'very frequently. overshoots the mark and: works - irreparable' 'mischia. The rish. are .proverbially submissivu aud deferen-. tial to their ecclesiastical 'superiors, but lhey are seusitive on all points affecting -traditionalrishts and usages to a degree which those alone who know their Catholic and national instincts' can duly understand and appreciate Whether rightly or wrongly, a notion has beau of late gaining giound that too close a connexion with Whiggeryis taki'ng plae amongsome of the'dignitaries of the-Irish church.. 'This notion is giving rise to feelings of mist'rusb 'These feelings' have hitherto been-marinfested only,in.a negative -manane'r. But, if thc .-colicy: of 'maintaining Vhiggery at the expense of the freedom of religion and the raigts of -the nation is persevered in, it is diffiult to say to wha't disastr'ous results it may lead.". - THi POTAO.' The following statement respecting the appearncle of the old blight in the pbtato crop in Kerry appears in a' trustworthy ' local journal (the, Tre7lee Chroniicle) which c'ame to-hand thirs~mor~nnr:_-;T r -" There is no den,ying'the ' fact :any longer that-there is a potato' blight nearly- as general' 'and rapid en ever; but there never was solsittle fear for the supply of' *'ood~ on the 15th of August as there- *is at t.hapresent day, from the first appearance of the 'disease ns it is called. Whether this is caused by-a'feeling'of' security thatthe prosperous state of the country engenders, or whether it is that people are getting used to 'this yearly misfortune, and think light of it or nut, isquestonable but any one 'who will take a la statistical trouble to cone at the facts of the case will find a universal opinion that 'there is a very large'growth of the potato, and a more abundant crop, beside a greater average under it, than there has been for several years back. 'Time has, however, to prove how the produce of it vwi keep, and the greatest croakers, admitting that the .crop is riper and better grown now than usual at this date, give good reason to hope that we have more food secured in the crop of 185G than we have had for 10 yeas.: Poorhouses will fill slightly, of course, sometming more than if there was no blight, for iamers dread the purchase of.breadstuffs too much to keep supernumerary hands; and these pulsations in the Poor Law returns must be expected henceforth as 'regurly as the harvest season. Still, it is most gratifying toany one-to compare this' day with this day ten years. The staring consternation of every class at the total destruction of the provision of a teeming pauper population,' and not a bit of cheap corn in the country-never to be forgotten by those who witnessed it,-contrasted with the' present. opulent state of the farming and labouring classes, is, to saythe least of it, a surprising change to those men who buttoned up their pock-et and became absentees in 1847 and 1848, exclaiming that the country was gone, nothing could save it, and looldng on the far-seeing capitalist that was buying fee simple eStates at 13 or-14 years purchasa as a lunrtic." - REPRESENTATION OF CLOIT:IL. ~Already two 'candidates for the seat about to be vacated by Captain John O'Connell have issued their 'electoral addresses. The first is from 1r.' John Bngwe'll;of Marlfleld,the virtual proprietor of the borough; and what M:r. Bagwdll's political p3riniples arc may be gathered from a passage or twYo extracted from hi,s new conlfessnon of fiaith;-- -" The eprinciples -upon which I look for your sauffraaes are. tose of civil and zeligious freedom and equality in the m,ost extended application of thoter trs, andI shall ever qpp6s4 the political doctrine that would maintain the :privilege of anypartkcul.r class to the exclusion of the great body ofthepeople. I lokupon the grantto i. aynthas an instalment '(amiserabole one ceainly) of what. is due to the church of the great majority of my fellot-subjects, and. as such am prepared to give it my strenuous sudport, and alsu.to advocate the removal of &ose disabilitieslately ihposei by the legislature upon the clergyen of .that church' by the enactmuent knowzn as theEolesiasticalT.itles' Bill. A thorough reftormer in church and State, I shall consider it my duty to give my unquialified aid to any measure that may be introduced for the adjustment of the' temporalitres of. the former, feeling as a' Protestant (sincerely and firmly attached to that form of worship) that' the cause of religion.is not promnotedby the maintonance of an establishment antagonistic to the feelings of the people, and in -which the emolument is too frequently in the inverse ratio to the services to be performed." Tenant-riaht, as a matter of course, will receive the support of Mr. BogweU, who, according. to local belief, bids fair to win the majority of the sufflrages. 'The second candidate 'actually in' -the field is Mr. Patrick Joseph MuiTay; of Dublin, a' Romanu Catholic gentleman;' who, having cried " ditto" -to al that Mr. Bogwell-professes, completely overrides his opponent by avowing himself in favour of an Irish National Legislature "The placeman 5may deride it; the placeber may sneer at it; the Englishman may smile at it; the paid journalists of the Ministermayridicule it; but the war closed may onedayrather over England (as it has gathered recently), and then If the Iidsh peope are ready to claim it. can placemr en,canpnacebeggars, can anylanister, evenlthough backed by a Parliament of purchased supporters,' re}use the just demrand of the ation for r the loAct of UtJnion? Had we been united thus during 'theo past two years, en we were leagueddurin the glorious lifetime of theL.iberator, no Cabinet would dare denyr our right to selfgovernment.. One opportunity we have lost, but how soon another may~ arise' no man can- tell;-and although it requ ired an O Conell to originate and organize the agitation or repeal, it docs not raire a' genus and an energy like hss to complete the bobleu bour wich he coMenu cedh' I was a 'Repealer in 1o94,I aa a 'Repealer now 'in 1856, ready to ork n this causwith heartrandlhand; readyTtos id in this 'great measure, which comprises all other measures for helplsperity, for the happiness, and for the glo f . Bogwell will, it is said, receive the support of the leading Roman CathoEic clergDy. The other perobable candidates are Mr. Cazrew O'Dwyer, exm..ember for the boroughn of Drogheoda ; Mr. Charles Bianconi, ju.m.; and MIr. John Reynolds? ex-representative -of -the Irvish mnetropolis.. Ths is pretty well for a beaining. A letter from Clomnmel repeats the story that the fugitivemembereforTipperarywas lately seen near Coolnamuck, and had successfully evaded the pursuit of the police. It is added that it was positively only early last month that he left Clonacoody, when the mansion was taken possession of by Captain Kellett, to whom the place originally belonged. The monster indictment against Sadleir 'which is lying at the Crown-office in Clonmel covers half-adozen of shins of parchment. THEE lOLLOK- ESTATES. The following notice has been served on the outholding tenants on the Glynslk and Creggs estates of Mr. Alan Pollok CAs it has always been Mr. Poliok's wish to abstain from harsh mneasores, anld to deal kindly with his tenantry, I am empowrered to make you an offer of the following,vsi Either, 1., thtat you pay all rentts anud arrears noiw due, ind enter into an: agreement for gothier year; or, 2, that you shallbe freeed of all rents and arrears duPe up ill the 1st of lfovember next, and be allowed to have the present crop, provided you undertiake to give up poesseston of youtr resplective holdings on the 1st day of N~ovember next. - Yout 'inl therefore be plestsed tomeet me at iFairfield on Wednesdy, the 20th inst., prepared to enter into either of the xagreements as stated above. -"Josax Anor, by Power of Attorney. "'Ballinasiloc, Autg. 14."
WANTON MIs4rCEr.-It was fo-und on the late burning of the steamboat !,lorthern Indiana, on Lakeo Erie that numbers of the"1 preservers". had been jendered valuLe less by having been used as pincusions by lMdy passengerNewr York Tximes. EXT=NSVE SEIZURE OF UxwJoLEmowz GBnnr.- A gentleman passing by the wharf of Mr. Englazid, corn 3rerchant,- Warehouse-hill, Leeds, on Thursday, observed a number- of seen engagedi in unloading a uecuHar-lokidn~ meat ofromboatooednto the wharf. Se curiousy too urpahandful of the wheat atd inspetebd it; and 'he then found that the peculiarity, of the grain, by,which he haI been etrnck, was owing its advancead stge of decomposi- tion and. corruption. It had evidently been- aLt one time n superior class of Egyptian wheat; but from having beert warehoused in -a dampnp~lace, nrobiably for yeaws, it had bii, como a dense mass of animated. corruptioni. Informatiorl 'wa given at the police office, and the attention of M1r. Sandsj Inspector of N~uisaniceaf directed to the gri, which he sub' s-ecuently seized and conveyed i*jacks t-_ thre CourthousEl aid, where i is tpresent de ited. Alt'gether there are 42saksofthewheat. n nfrmaion.undertheNuisances Remoi.al Act has been preferred -agilnst Mfr. Englikird for, having the. grain in his possession, anid tho case was to. conrc on ferhearnng yesterday at the Leeds Courthouse.-Meanc"-Wee Guard~ian.
I POTT - IN T-L-i-Rzir67 TATTEitSA14'S; MoNr.&y. The ienI:_f theYork mneetiugwa mwk*d.nomo4 ian t of interet,; indeed, spoculation was never t , -aha not unttil aev ~ ncie late were we enablcd tb'compil asything like aco et list of quottions.' e-w genuine ton coame uider our notice ;, a ste of- , ihbetting has, however hoCiltlyStirt½ -whichisnot o.nlpcioi itsie6 deny - but discr63itable to tnose pomona - wboadapt Lt ' Ulo little dlsoririiation is required novi--dayli to separate'he bot d j r'-whction from tlio,s witch are made foi the purpose of rigging the'naiakt ' adtMx. hokiril horses, Coroner t 5f-sldYGUoJack weremnd&rconislderaSl,e supicion, 10 to Ito sm. wa once betted against'-te former, but dulbts were entertained of the genuineusss of, the traneactiorn'doubts which- were confirmed, when 'ths layer'of 'those odas w as soon in a' fo*nainntei atrwards anxious to obain 6-to Vblfaboutthih rse. Atlast5tol'was bookedtoa "poni," the taker being desirousto extend his investneit it 6Otol Yellow Jack Was quite fiendless; Couriteny was biccked for2 at8 l, 3to 21 wFa6 w theehgh o he field; - Sr. LxamE.Bn the city, duning the morning Ellington and Fa.zolett were back'ed Eor ipwirdsofE -30m They were not touched tins afternoon. -' The subSoined scanty list of quotations will indicate the nature and cxtent of the business tranactions - -EBIbBt HAEDICAP. Sto agtWarlock (take 7 to 2). .5 -1 - Coroner (taken and-offered) 8 -1 -C nrteniy (taken ad offered). -10 i -1-I LTsdy Titton (taken) . 12-i -~ Brother to Gray,Tom y (taken - - -iDE Y.- - 1,000 to 50 agst Colonist (taken). 1,000-15 -E uxinettalcen).- -TmtEAn2Arn)so CiSE.-Aladdiu, the wvinner of the Severs nale -Foirst Stakes,^at Mailborougb, anid of the Cleveland Cup, at Wolverhampton; wag objected- to -or both those eventr,, on-the ground that his jx1gree was incorrectly - stated.- The cwe will be investigated on the first dr- of the Warwick Meeting nhythe stewrds of Marlborough and Wolverhanipton aem , - - YORK' AUGUST ' .-' '- - - -- P1EOGRA OF. THE SPOR'T. WEDNESDAY TH-TE ORTHi AID SOUTH B3IENSqLS , The DUirDA fixazE;s of 80 sove., aldded to a Handisap Sweepstaes of :sors. eacb. 'oce nmilc and. a qvpater. Six suba, o9r no race. T clo, andname Ihisevening, -ndthoeweights toe bdeclared the same - SECONI AIiOf the 3o G l NOREE MNiDSOVOr E.Eo o srr -RirF_;,NLA,'STAimof 0vs. ebac IL h.ft. with 200 add4a for 3mrolds; colts, Msi Ib.;. fillies, est. 2ib. Th winner oe the Derby to earry8lb., of the Oakss Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, or thesecond. in theberby, 5Th. extra ofn oter stakes vaue 500 SuM, not ' a;ing lesa than eight subs., 3nlSSS 3sb. ex tra; horses hving started in li and not having won.. iucs*d Sib .; hosses having -started in li3R, and again in; 156, and never having won, allowed Sb. The owrner of the secondlhorse to reesivea sum equalto lope? -ent. on thewbo ole stake, and the third a sum equal to e firaer cent. on tho whole stako. Two miles, over the Old Couwed. 78 - .h3. - : r, - RipYen WinW lue Shock - Cerva 31b. extra - Pe,ceuli The Houci zegntine - -Coal-black Rose OnarPasha o Hebe Merrywving ' - Mary Copp C-nY John. -eel (wrong no-Oltenit23 * . -alired ' -ninstion BlueRock Wight Ha -: Mark; Fouis C.by`ufthunter-ScarfB. .. by The I-.'el-: B. c. by Sir Tatton Viscount ' erocity 8ykes-,ittle Swrift's The Prinoc ' Granule da Brother to Posmzel Missenden Iudu]gence Ch. L by Robert d Fashion St. Dinitan. (orham-Mary- Tom Thumb The Lume - lu inatr oimoodlie - -Rosette -Crimea Katherine LDgl - The Czar Ellington, 81b. extr ord Derwenwater C. by TheLibelorDon Impo3ture Mario John-Baleinc - Rogerthorpo,Sib.extraTheResult' - Tapestry Stanbope Findon x Wes"tLangton Cheshunt SwryndelDbyggaSistertoJaney Lord Berkeley The Bubble Fazsoletto. Sib. extra Blanbsz -hPincber C. by Melbourne-Calcutta Joseph Ady - ecanee E nchanter - The Unexpected Coup do Main Repentance Villiebs Assailant The Flying Duke Melss - : - - BritishITar -Aleppo - . Brother to Bird-on-theCaiculatin"Tom Mroiddletn - ': Wing Canada Cripple - -Visigoth (dead). Parga Sunshine The YonxssIat OA]s, of 10 soVr, ech, 5£t., for 3-r-olds; filliec, .'et, ,lb.each, withll00adLed. The winner of any Syoldstakesvune 500 sEOVs,. to carry 0Th. extra; t-h extra weight in no case to bo accu3nulaivee; maiden fillies baTing been beaten. hiiS aliowed41b. ; in 1755 and 1566, 7ib.; fillies having received 50 soyv. for rmuing second (handicaps excepted) not. to be considered maidaen; the recond.to eceive SSDsovs oute ofthe stakes, and third to-saTe her stake.. Onemileand a quarter. 52 i suba. crocus - BIne Mantle The Fury . ; Coalblack Rose Mge gitty Chere Petite Spinster - .UneLe * Vieori, 4ib. extra SpindUle - ' Xinie Manganese, 4T. extra Caledonia . Fitil Giendonna - Queen's :ead MissTif :- ' Clara Overeach . Gaslia : Donna lena Pereira Blanshe Fascinatioi - - Fortuna - * Calphurnia - F.byao; dm Mar The Lunme - Persa -- - - - br Beisazr - Insposinre -. Fraci as Waterwitch '' - Bomner3ndBuixom - Puaiea holly i- -- T tare Copp za - Seastreass ScaLdc Oltendt2a - lJrsudlns ' MissBranch Flieghty. . - Eslantinc~ f BRarity Bul-bisi Heart of Oak Sulspitia - B. f. by Gameboy- oebo. Serenade -- -' Pnysai Mis Cary . 3i3s Harriet (lead). HERMImry's PLrr; of lOe gs.,-for S-yr-olds and ndvards; ;yr- olds. 7st. 711.; 4-yr-olds, et. 121b. ; 5-yr-olds, st. 4Tb. ; 6-yr-olds and aged. st7h. Two miles. To cise and name this evening. - The CONvxvIsASrAxS. of 10 soyaeach;h. it., with107added for 2-roldss; colts. Sst. 6b. ; llies, St. 2ib. Those got by Etallions or out of mares which never bred a wlnner allowed Slh. if claimed:at thotime' of -naming; winners -before starting to carryb. extra. Tue secondtoreceive 10percent, outol thestakes,n=dthethirdto receiveback lis stake. T.Y.C. 73subs, - . - Toffey; Sib. Aignury Tady Harthorn.ib. Old Fashion, 31b. S' -King E oSir Coin - Palatine, Sib. Sichrrus. 21b. extra Britimiia Barbette. 31b. Days ofOld, 3ib. Seducer Singleton F'ranuein, 31b. Parole, 31b. ' HuntingHorn, Sib. C. byAhmandale-The 8kycutter, 31b., and21b.Viator, 31b. Bind (wrong noemi- extra - w- FP. by Alarm-Miss nation) i FugitiTc, 31b., and 21b Julia. 31b. The Vicar, Ib, extra - - Peto, 3ib., and 21b. ex. Kingofthslsles,ib Fanfaronade C. by ChamticleerStarofAibion - Walhalla : , eniento sib MEedia Roco.3 1i. airdo' the Dais Dwn SBird, ib. South-Western, b. Cedric, 3b. Apollo Bel3lder. 31b. extra - * tIandale-SiinnieGray 31b a. Dy Sir Tatton Syke3 Her Highness3b Harriet Wson, 3b -Betsy Bird- adyHarriet31b. F.byVat:can-ReatoC.,by Sir Tatton SykesArmida 3ib, ration,31b -Poetess 31b. The Erlyhawn 3ib Sulpitta 31b. Captain Powlett, Si b Matilda Axiton, 3'b. -: , Church Lngton, 3ib. B.f.byGilbTrteGumeyThbsEertchChicf,STh. Broadcloth . -Seaweed airs-well 3ib Inkerman,- S3b. B. c. by Gibraltar-Princess of Orange. 3ib. Morr. 3Sb. - Qeenof the Gipsies, Ch. .bySlane-- ater FestivaL. Sb. 3ib. r Lily,3Sb WasdrmieLake, 3]b. LadyAlbert, Rb. -edicahtudeut, 31b., aLrguerite. Sib. Glede Hawvk 31b, and.2b,e Riegale. 3ib. - - B. f. by Irish BlrdaMuisI ghtinsale Blink Botxnny Blb.exr ccstcber-Nleedleib. Dfemi-vo to,S31b. Cars atima B. or hr. c. byCaer Queen !es Sb, n C. by the Cu.e--Maid - stons-Ellen Home, 2ib, extra - Of Lincl. Si. b. - . by Pl..et-au-' Saunterr 2ib extr LSpecialLicense. 3s1 dam (dead). The TBmD YZAx of the BustoUNDY S 3,SxoOf 10 SOV3. each, h ft. for- -yr-olds; colts, st.7sb.; aud fillies, St, 4Th. Two mile,1over the Old Course. -5 subs. .I Paletot Lord of the Idlea- . Fandasngo. uaraband . . Riflemanu Tho Cnrsn-rua HABN-DscAr, of 10 cov each, vith 60 added. *the winner of anyhandicap of210 SDass valueatterthe declaration of the weights to carry 7ib extra. One mile. 31s ubs. -REEWAL of the BLACrC Du3o STAMM (reduced to a match of 1.8D0 sore, ach, 30D fL, for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sst.71b. £; fles, St. Sib. Those got by untried stallions or mares allowed ib.,; both, 6ib.) Thbre-quarters of a mile. Mr. Mere's b. f. Queen of the 3Est. L.ordOlasgoa'schc. by Surplic aise 16Th). The SELGt Ares, of 5 soa each, with 25 added; for S-jr-olds, Set. Sib.; 4-yr-olds 9st. 71b. ; S-r-ids, 9st Mib.; &rolds and aged, I0st.; mares and geldings allowed 31b. Awinner In 1856 onoe to cony Sib. ; twice, or more, Bib. extra. Tho winner to be sold for £150; if for £100, allowed 41b.,; i for £8), 71b.: if for £80. 171b.; if for £4, 161h.: if for £30, 21b. One mie. To cloe and name this eTening. THUAY.-_THE EBBO H DIOAP. The OrD Tffni a-bro- DRoDiucE srAs. of lo sDoa ebac, for the PrOuce of maresedired lr 165S oola, St. 7ib.; fIles, Sit. 4Tb..; thoee by stallions or out or are which n6ver podnoeaa winner salwed 3Sb., but ori,ons alloace Twornile. - The G0-ET EBoB HAwI}DICAa? STAX of 200 boys., added to a 'Sweepstakces of 240 aoys eacb, loit. nd on3y-S if dtclared. The wdnner of amy handic.p Value 10D Wm, subeeoent to the delm. ration of thr ewelhtI, to crry G6b; of twO, 9.b.; o three. 141b. extra. The wiuner of the Go odwood stakes to carry ol0b. exta no hor-e to carry mnore tbna 141b. extr'. The second to receive 50SOe&. out of the stakes. Two ine.% over the Old Oourse. 60 me.b, 23 of whom dedared. The highest weight accepting being under Sst. 1b., itihas been raised to that, mndthe others in predion The weights published Jime 30tb. I The-Vmcz Or WALS STAXIs d 10 Wu ecbi with 50 sued. for 2-yrlds; colbi. SKt 71b.; and AMe% St. NEb.; a w=4rbovor The LoIm'EI FL'of. 25 so.,. ded to 'Swseepstes of 5 vonL eb5h *for3-yr olds, Sat. bib.; 4,9si. 1hb 5,10aot 21!,.;6 and ae!, 104. 41b.; iares and geldings and maiden' S-Srolds and npwiias allowed i Sb beaten hores, notk ewnnrs ai this nateinnig i-lowed 31b1,.cnhewintrtobe soclfor a,Mo if enteredio-bo sold .ior;150, ,.I iwed,41b_; ifftAlI0.. 81b. If-forifi0, 14h; if for £5Os29lb if fer ;30, 21b One mile. Todam c ,auld name this evening. T'.he EZr;io S s Or so?. eacb, 5 it.. with 100 added; for 2-molds, 7t.1;ethree, 9st., li and geldings allowed -41b.- The - winnerof any yr dd stakes yalnze -300 sS,,' SLb. extra; penalties not to be ace6unuiativr6 mailfen 3-jSol.d allored 101b.; raiden 2-yrhldsUaving tarled onOce ilorad 3b. twice, Slb.; thrioe, Sb. Onoe mile 31 -nb - r * - , X - ,IDAY. *T fen GEREAI Y9RESH1UBTx Sms. l - o£ thc Fiomu.ri ASPisODUcE STA Of So soM oadthb. ft., for 2-yr-olds ;th6se got by untred stallions or o6t of intricd iares allodred 31b.,,but o0i one aUowance. T;Y.C. CsubL ' v ne "URTEo-m Y1A3B orthe GEAu TosYauinrE Sz&ims of 10 SOTS. ohh. wit1W0 addleafor trlo iOOcI horse, ior foa!E or 18I3, to runa A3-r-old; colts, Sit. 71b.: fSiesL 2s!. Slb. The winmer of the Derby'stEpsamito carUySb., of the CO , 41b. eatm . T:e orwner ofthe third horse to receive S6Oors. e5uto£ the stales. One nlesrd three-marm,r 176 -. : ' - - The M S' PLAX oa 50 omM; 3-yrold 7st.; 4-yr-lds, Sat. 3lb.; 5-yr-ads_ 8st: 101b.; 6-y-lds and agA Sot. Ma*ea and gelding oiwere l3bh !Eatranbe 2gdnea4 toto the seoend hoe One mUle amd a-balf Tockdesandnam this evenin-. The Tyno 8TAixr of soo. eacb. with 2 sdded. for 2-y-olds; .olts, j9sL; andflies,stlOlb. T.Y.C.. Sftuiomnd4yard. Toclows x-aliSme by olock OThra ia e m g. i "mlJ2 sry PLAZo 100 gune,,feemres 3-yroIds, i.t71b.;X - 4- ds, Sst. dib. S S-yr-aids, 9sL 10b.: 6-yr-*dds a-d aged, &st. lOIb. Three miles Tonamo this erening. ALWAY ARBEAUNGENMS FOR YORLK BY- 7Rf GRXA. hORTEO0q:PAnWA Expsmad odina d.y ticiketUvribe imdfromL ndo nKming . orce stat;on) and other stations where they m be uaiy ohbiazed, this ay (Tuesday) and intening day, avilale to return on a dya to. andincludiln, .-turdsy frt Tha ex ea tkeImrUAo be dlb e for retxn by- tho iu e ss, which leave Yomk At 410 P.M.- A alexpre train, by which fret and seocd daS ordary day tckewilbe avalable, will w ;rae York at 5.45p.m. on rviday or london. Tne ordina a dxee ama Trnas n2u mder :- l eave Kite& Crom Arrive at Yoor. - *.;33 0u.m. ' ' . . - S.X LMpax. 31.0.* ~~~~~~5.15 P.m. -leve York - - - ArilTel -Lesde. 4A01..m., *.-'.39,.= 04 p.m .. _ .... .. L3 31 TELODxx NDOX ANPoR=-WrX AD 1MtDLa MRAMWAXa Day tickets at ordln&y fares will be inned by all trai, m th mUien S tion to Yorkic bI day MuoedaT d nas-da i4K aiIh Tbn 7hsrYzKR of the FsT G1rLAM v TtoD.3of Eyax.D BD As TAIs otlf soDr. pa1b. fL, with IO0 Added each yoar;ior foals o IN854; colt . &Lb 7Jbhiiefi Jet. 4$ oThe winner of an&"race in lS56 -aIue 0SCQ,ar ssw:t51h:: .x that yea; ho bayint, tin 85 i 4,nlinoki UreA-b.that ea;. thb oWreo;ot thee`oni C:haretoreceire -a n nequ1 t 0pwr eetlt ohth we'lrlidae,aind * the m Z l Se S cer,wontome i oidesdeke. W'X.OO. 57 suba.. . - - £ I Oq indusin,.
A COACH :RIRVYAC. . - - : O. 'TO TE ElDITOR OF TEHE TIES. Sir,-There -re many onU2 now-a-days which can only be redressed by the press Allow me to drawyourattention to one which touches our national characterfor fair dealing, acd effects the mnltitude of those whom the love of the picturesque or the pursuit of grouso or trout aejust now lluring to Scotland. Bradsshaz.and a3l other smsuals of advertisements of locomotion inform you that a coach vis from Giscow, by Loch Lomoind, to Dankeld. I booked two places-by that coach, and paid the fare to Dunkeld. MIny other persons did the same. An English clergyman, with apirt of five; an American gentleman with a similr party; a French gentleman, and others. At 10 o'clock las night (an hour'behind timel, the moonL obscured and the rain letteirig merrily, we diew up at a roadside inn, and wep told that we were at our journey's .end. - There was an stant inquiry about r6oms. "All fll," was the answer, " but we have a public room, and there are four or five beds in-a oottage had by." Several of ns made for the house to arrange for the apportionment of this little oasis of accommodation, when our fellow-traveller, the clergyman, a spare, mild' man, the very image of morification, met us ~on-the threehold, and announced, with a bland unworldly smile, that he had secured all the room that wasto be had. einquredwheretherews another inn? "At Duneld," was the a:swer. "Is not this Dnankeldi" "Thisis BDan.m by Dnn}eld." ' "Birna Wood," thought I, and myheact fell atthre wrorksof evilomen "WhIt is the distance to alnnel}di". "A quarter of an hours wIlk." "But we were booked to Dunkeld." . lv. Guard,wills admirable assurance, proteted that he ha booked rs all to "Birnn by Dnkeld." He was such odtempered pleasant- fellow ht, had -it been- daylight, I bdieve we should hve seen hat he blushed as scalet as his coain Sayig so. he notion of a walk of a quarter of an hour at might, and in the wet, for ladies and children, by a oad and to a pAce that nore of us kiew, excited obsrvations which aroused the feeling eveu of an innkeeper - whose house was full, the same person, be -it addea; bei the chief proprietor of this saLme coach "to Dunkeld." In a. moment of generosity he coademendingly.teAouoaed to us. ihat he would order out an omnibus to onvey ma to "Dunkeld." In due time our I wastranferred, and, till under the condwct-of our blushing guad, aan we started After about 10 minutes we op Ld. Our frh*er progress was arreted by a high woo brricade. A pause and whispering among our attendants ensued. We inquired the cause. "Thi is the bridge," was the answer, "andthe ms wants 'to be puad the tolL" " Do Taou -san that we are expected to paid it Y It Wa ed to as tatihe generous innkeeper, oosch -prietor, had,s it Wa temed, " lent usP his omnibus, but bad instrucd his people Tat we6werotopeythltoll. We inuired the sn t. "Two shiliw and eighteme," whih was the doule toll for rossing and recrog with the empty omnibus. We inEmded on our rght to be tk to- "IDhnkalI" Pitest and remonstrane were usels TAe onibus ws tured round, and at half-pat 10 at niht, in a pouring rain, we were all actully tUMed 'out into the road-rmen, Women, and childreu-to crao the pleaant, airy brida over the Tay, and find our wy -with our lugge, a we could.toatown which every one of us had thefae to be taken to, You may go e whbt wee the commts otofr forGn fellow-traveller, eseilyof hes ;rmA..- t }>UiffiDgtlha tbr you wuilet tbemn xe that "Darnam lVodimoty is ast muh t vainc ith our nea IAxros. -a iril kiowinog wbat I goi --I air, fr your veyobe4iqgt humble, aereast, ik I ' Avg 11
2FOBMG6N ZYEIgTAGBNCBZ ..FRANC edition of Tasta&e d -h oD.OW OS0D~. -=PA ,' S, mm.&r, 7 P.J%. Thee is reaon to blieve tt hatheEnglish Government, on being a*kedwhether the nomination of BL Pacheco as Aibaaor of tite (qaeen of S to Lonion would. be VdL;rceeiv4,, replied. tat M Pa-cbeo undoubtedly wouldbe -vel reoeived, bit 'thfiat they had entertne1 h6pes :.that the choice Of he Spnish Gvernment woud hve faen on AL O loz - inX case the mar resignation of H. Goazia2e had ben-decided on. : I know it to: be- s factte XGEeneral IODonnell is deirou of sitanding el with hbli opnion in F,gland, and labis let tot ? iL aheca proposing to him the mission 'to England li givem as reason ior hs choice the fsatianfcti of publ 0 3Inon-in. deed, 'he expressons employed'ythe (seneral are to that effiect. It i3 also Gerti that more thn one ofthe om eminentamongtheliberal partyinSpain disavow all iintention -of a syatematic ppowition to Generl O'Doune61' but 'soley bn -the condition of bismnalng a stand tthe reactionay party. -n the other' hand, ho inaction of the Governnient surmtises al theo -tho L-had formed -a:vw different, and not an unjust, idea of the energ. of his characte. It is true that there are many difficultics in his way, which perhaps are lost sight of. in thae ist lace, his M inisty scompoesed of men belonging to di ntolitica1sectib,swho w 'itis -to be feared, find it vezy hard to comen' to an undertanding on any BYsten- of pOjhcyv, a4d General O'Donnell himself 'ha' no -poti cal party devoted to him. They 'annot be said to belong, to the party which is .'purely and -siply reactionar,' such as we have known it in Spain. Vhatevvr hopes the paty:of Quseen- Cliria may sei considered itself entitled 'o found.iipon bis scc, those hope3 are rapidly vanihign 'an, - shoud there be no inciinatien on his. par6t. min it over,'wiich' is not proabbie, he uoiiu' that, from it he' has nothing to expect but. unielenting hostilit7..- Jt considered that' the Tevoiution!'w:nmade for. iti own exclusive interet anda O'Doinell wilnot me'e with mercy from' it unea he: becoiaes its iantrment. Ts6ogeila.party,nore'patient ornora prudent, if it does not offer bimay active hostility does not afHord hi;n its aupport, which, however,' he much needs, iach as he haT not as yvt ma4e known his political "progmame..:' herea are not the only' ,obitcl . 'The Polaco-i Crisatino pary has already' got a footing Mn the Palace, and is busily -at work in- excitino the Queen agait the Givermuent, :or rather agTin9 'IDonnell. When he proposd - Alva=er for he podt of Dlinister of Jusice -the Qieen, it appears, proposed another person who was -not acceptable to O'DonnelL,~ -and who' was' not accepted by hisn, The inlfluence. of the Polaco party isnot 'howevcer,i limited to the Palace;' it had strength enough! t- case to be seizeda certain number of newspapers that censured the intripuehof Queen Christina, who! for the last month orsohas been ver active. 7 I find the notion gainin, groui'd that General O'Donnell really intends to govern the country in-a constitutional spirit'. He will best prove it- by frainy and boldly cang to his di the Liberal party. Unless he design. to govem in a personal point of view he must be: aided by some part. ',It - hiachoice fall upoonthe reactionists his GovernneAim may last a certain limited time, but it will be sure' to end in the same manner as all the Governments that have succeeded each' other from 1844 to the revolutioai of 1854. Ee maiy, ii he think propen ,l put himzelf at the head of the Progresista party,! and founda 3Governmentwhichwouldnotbe exposed to the difficulties which lay in the way of Mars Esparterp, whose weakness of character prevented him from emunounting them.' Well nfcrmed persons believe that this 'last line of conduatis thd one O'Donnell will follo-e. £hope ;o, bit he musi lay aside his hesitation or 'inaction, for his principal title to the post wvhich he o~u conists in the force of character, in thle energy anld activity of 'nhich be has. aTheady givten p.roof', z.nd in whicli Es rpartero was unorunately so deficient.. The journals publish the following telegraphio deaptches-... . . 1A1iBMLE8, SAUrLDAv, ArG. 16. "The Clyde has irrived, with accounts fromcoastau! tinople of the tth last. t "The 3iontenegrins threatening.t invade several&dis tricts of Turkey, Kuschid Pasba had appi-ed to Constan. tinople for reinforceme2ts. A portion of 'the Guard wat prepazig to embark " l'n an eagagement which took plsce at PoEonza soDI churches and mosques were destroyed. "The revolt in the provinc,e of Van has been suppressed. "Thenternuncio of Austria gave af6etotoAMdm IrLyrns "Xbnisli Pasha had suspended his departure for Odessa. tho Ottoman Porte having receiv as yet no official noth. fication of the acce5sion to the throne of the Czar Ahmle anlr IE. "The Constantinople journals mention a rise of 5 piasbres in the prica of wheat coming from the Danube and the Se, o' Azor. The crops, nevertheless4 were said to be abundant throughout the East. "A. deputation of 68 Circasains was e.pected at Con- s1t.nopIe. "Itwas reportedthat the'allieswould evacuate Greece in Septemnber." , . "The Count de Paris and the Duke de Chartres have not Left for EnglaDd. They have proceeded direct from Hamburg to Eisenach.' 'General Belertoff sauceods Ge;erai Earitiaskd in the government of the Caucasu. The'lattei is zremain at Stk Perebhrg. ' : - :-DRESDMl, Avc. 16, "Yesterday the betrothing of Princess Anna, fourth daughter of.the Hing of Saxony, 'to the Hereditary Archi dake of Tuscany taokplTace 'l; Piliniti."' - - "lfA2DRID, AUG. 16. "Priace Adalbert of Bavaria is to anrive this eveing at bladrid. Tiis'i nj'"- non wl probably tbal-6 pVace on Wedn e z y: a e2Ob msh I I-I The sky has beeniaot unfrequently overcast during the past weelk, and we'have: had one orx two abortive attemptnat atonms, but although the ardour o.the zunhs rays has been' diminished by occasional clouds, the heat has' been of- a sutry' anda oppressive character. On Donday la the. greatest heat was 33S"'3centigraiA; oi Widnesday,. S315; andyesterday iSaturday) at'.3 'p;m.the' quicksilver stood at 2-l . Friday was rather a cooler day, but scarcely felt so, especially in the evejing,4 owing to the crowds hidhch "thronged -the Bulevards to 'witness the illuminations. .The Parsianis are apt to rush to the BoiAevards of a hot night with the idea that they will there find coolairm 'There i3 no greater delusion. 'The throng of peoplc and horses the &lare of gas, the gush of steam from kitchens and caefs, ar incompatible wzith's very' freseor. frgrant atmo11sFhere. This may bie better found in the Champs ~Else'e; or, better still, in the pleasant avenues of thmeBois de B'ou. :, e - THE hIEDITERRAIWENJff. l!t 0 OWN Co6s1 DN.j- ,' -M AESEFLLES, AvoJ B '16. TroopA still cont nue't ' arrive at Mailes from the East. The Governnient tirasport Dordogne entered the .oliette- yeterday from -Constantinople, bri g 823 soldiers and a vt 'quantity of amauuition AThe Tunisian war -steamer Begy arrived at LIarseilles on Thursday,' ha-vino on board a superior officer, despatched by the Bey of Tunis to Paris 'to preseent"a magfifictnt cradle-to-the Imperial Prinoc. The French: steamer Eg,yptiexi 'rived the samea day from Bona, brningi 120' soldiers and 22 horses. There is -to-day les bustle than usual at the port of the Joliet.'e.L. ;:'-: The Spanish CorYette isbela 'sailed at 3 yesterday' for: Barcelon,' tak;ing Prince Adalbert of Bavaria, who is proceedisi' to Mladrid to wved a Spais3h 'Princess. 'The Is5bella'4 s the worst,. speci- men of a war steanier ever seen at MIarseilles. ^Her proportions are nmost ungraceful, and her tall chimney (iiearly as higli as her mainmast) gives her a, mo4t extraordinary aDpeurance. ,The officels and cren appear to be 'woithy of a better ship. Th s 1imnerial fet, was celebrated yesterday with great pomp. Being likeiwise the feast of the As- sumption, it was strictly observed by the religious par,ioft of Marseilles. At sunrise a salute of '21. gum from the forts of-the town and the riging of all th chuxch bells announced the commencement' of te rejoicing-. At 10 o'clock a Te Dcam.,PV vaf cltanted at the' Cathedral, in presence 'of the ciyv,L?na military authorities. ,t 1 o'clock Ge.ner3I Carondelet reviewed 'tth'e few troops coapoming tthe garrison of ' ?sls.reilles. The eopLe w fere ' gratifed~ with variou amusements proided by the. Civic authorities. A distribution' of food} reas enode to: the indigant poor, enid at sunset t ie frt>-agi Lred a salute of 21 gu . The Co:urs Dosipere was Jrlllintly illiae at th pubic which continue to arrive ia this port, there is -.r litte aiminutim in the price. -12 800 hectoli-eof lTaganog *heat ldoc. immedi delivery at ftoi26f. 806. 2'5. 50c.*etheh6]ct6ihtr. The Wreather s at ,reent 'hotter than it ia been known for some years. pt.: The thermnometer stood to-dayiy the shade ia12i o'clock at lOtdeg. :Farenheit. 1 everthe1eis, ffhs snitary condition of Mareles ivu, never more a~ifactory. '. :-. TUR..:. . (IRnOs oun OWN' OOsD ONsST.) . -CO TANTMOTLE, AU6. 7. }ieerfollowwithi attention, te reorm move. ment inTurkey must bostrack by a seemngly un&Ocountable bontrxdiction. The more the reforms pro; ad the more elaberate the new structure ocmes, thle more tha vital powers of the empir seem to beebbing awray a;nd t;he greater~ arezhe sign of internlweakness.. : : The first concludon which onowould bo naturally inclined to draw from this phenomenon i, thi.t thd emedy is too strong for the Vatient, and that it is a hopeleoss ae yet this clumon wcElbe'wong,for if wFe go through the itMa-ior wefind in someo oTth? provinces a considerable improvement anda daily incease of nationalprosperity,while in thersthe very reverseis the case, so that the cause of this anomaly muat not be sought in a general decay, burather in the application of these reforihs themselves.. If we examine the severa proevmcee we hasll find thit the decay 7i greatest in thoie which have bees most elosel1 incorporated with't!e central Gbvern;. menty while progrq is greatest in those biwhc there are most remains of provncial life. A fea sanples will -bbi mffcierit, Take, fir3t, all tho western disicts ofe tsh Mi4or, espeilly thQ beylets- of Xastamouni, andodavend-:ir, and Aidin, comprising tihe greater porion of the ol idngdoms oS fBithynia, Lydia Mysia, aad'Cas,a with the richest soil tht c .fou, anysvhere, andonly a.-few.miles fronthe sea.. They. were. among tha fiSt provinces inw the e o were-carried o,t~ and the baud -of -the: etral Governient-weighs heaviest uponthem; theresul is, that in spite of their great: naural advsge the prosperity of these provinces ast s , th Epopultion: staionr ;or ixnnsb, an m an villages d ede.d. Take, on the oteq r han B a a, or ,niy .of the oiutl -ditnctswher provincial life has not been altogethere g edf .by-the krasp of the cerl Governent, and you will seetht, in Spite o occonl d he have progressed lonsiderably since the ieforns - The fact.is, the refoin einaency hap'ogtaiy, object;-or ratherhas run in awrong dii&stion. ; the end of the last and in the beginng- of the present century.the centrl power had - been sowealo ened:thalthe whole enmpire was threatene'd-ar radual dissolution. TEhe aim, therefore, wb&ji-thq new reforms had, 'as --to consolidate again the central'powser and to constiuct a united state insa Euripeanl sense of the 'wod. But, instead of ke4 ingi min that aState. inl order to fourish anid develep itself, must lie likea living org IiZatOi6n which all memabers, must have a close connex-' ion, but at the samet time be endowted with a life and functions of their own, the Turkish statesmen were only 'intet n forming as complicated a mechanism as poible, supplied 'with life and movementfromthe centralauthoritynlone. Theyare thus succeeding in: extinguishing one of tho remaining sparks, but the whole body becomes every day more inert. The Governmenb has just taken iaothex.wp. in this false direction. Eigdht commissaries have-b&xi aBpointed for the -difernt provinces of European Tuirkey,-for Ualonica, 31onastir, Janina, Skodva, Adrianople, Widdin, Silisntrin and Sophia,-toact as political agents.of the central Governmentawith the different governors. All these eight commissaries are clerks taeLnfrom the Foreign-office, from which, curiously enough, the measure emanates. These commissaries, -if they are not to be puppets, wil take away the last shadowr of power - ftm the governors of .the provinces. According to the idea of theGover ment,theyaretoactasakind of control over the. corrupt practices of the Pashas, which is noffiing but pure sophistryj for who sends corrupt Fashas to the provinces, and who keeps Pasha convicted of corruption and poculation in their places, but the Government atC6ntantinople? The&eaper nd safer bi would- cerally be to remove the corrupt ?as1as=intead of controlling them, for such Icontrol is virually impossible. If the commaries sent to the provinces-are honest, there will be continual intrigues on both sides; they will not r,ork together, and the affairs of the provinces will suffer; :if they are dishonei, there will be two who will make fortunes at the expeu-e of the province instead of one. A partial change in the Ministry is talked of. The late Mnimahan -Mehemet Kibrisli, now President of the TWansuat,s finally aupointed as EXtraordinary Ambassador to Russia for the coronation of the Emneror. H Eis appointmnt is however only conditio; it depends, namely, on whefier the uans shal send by an Extraordinary Ambassador a noicaticn of the acceson of the Emperor- Alexander or not. The Mlnisty wanted to waive this point, and to send an itraordinary . Ambassador on the sple hint which Prince Gortschakoff gave to Asi Pashzat 'Vienna that such an Ambassador -would be re ceived with pleasure by the Emperor; but theSltln will not agree to this, and *Mil not consen that an' Eitraordinary Ambassador of -his should go-to the coronation of the Emperor without the notification being made to him, as to every one of his allies, of his accession by a SDecial Ambassador. As ordinary Aiibassador . to-Russda, Nanmik Pashanow Governor of Broussa, andformerly sent ior Bg land for the-firt loau during the war, is mentionedi Another changewhichis likely to take,place'isthe removal ef the President of- the Council of State, Sefik Pasha. Hedis a well-meaning add ihoneu mnan, but, not up to the work, which equk4 a statesman and r.msn, of great euergy,with thep orgai4 of combativeness strongly developed, for the existence of the Council of State -under presenft-eir cumstances is -nothing but one eontinual -battle agai the corrupt practices of Government officials, snd if a ny efficient remedy is to be apT)?ed it can only lie done 1y an independent body like the Council of State. It is, therefore,-o- --the utmost importance 'to have a man at the head of this Council -who is able to raise it to the importance and positioniwhich it ought to occupy in the State. - Letters from Persia mention .a curious . fact, namely,' the appearanlce of -the Englishiag on the walls-of Hferat. As all accounts agree in the fact there canl be o .doubt abot it, but the Persian'a hav.e two versions :to account for it. Accordin7g to s6me, it is the work of the- mysterious Englishman who wa supposed -to have been at Herat at -he time when Youssouf han was-still master -there. A3 I wrote you atthe time, the Peimians e-ere very much puzzled: by -this .-aAn, who- was: disguised ~as I a cattle dealer, and asied f6rliis removAl, to-which, howrever, the people of aHerat-opposed themselves. Thehoisting of 7the Biitiqh flag is now attributedby sorme to his"agency.., T he other VerSiOnl of the 's.ory is, that the people of' Herat 'got a3 reinforcemern,t of several-hundred horsemen-frorn the sou:th, who :W~re' seen-to enter by the Persian army before-Herat. The people of Eerat being apprise that this arrival had been seen by the Pemiansi and greatly magni.ified oni aecount of the ! t which they raised, toq,k advantag,e of thi!s to spread-thexzumour that.a-large' :English force had emilere7d Herst, and in congrmaw' tion of this they hoisted theEngigsh flg. -- -, .Newshas arrived that the'ussians have reoeeu- pied Anapa. - ' . ; - '. During the iast week a goodA umber of individu'als decorated -with' the -Russian Crimean medal haye been.-seen about the streets of Pera andGcaLta" They belong to the Greco-Russan Legion, fornied. dulring the late -war, and now-'dibande&U :They 'awere cinbarlked ini Greek vessels, and arie6d:at. the. Pirneus, where t<hose- onl,y were -allowed to l,aud by - the commander of the-allied forces who belonged to the kingdom. j All-the others-were sent-back to Constantinople. Political persecution is, as you see, not the order of the day in Turkey.- I wrote -to vou some time ago that a mixed coramission had lieen appointed to regulate the respPective claims of the Britisli and Turkish Governments which have arisen during' the war. - The English members are-Captain- Borlase, RJ.3., for the navy; -Mtajor Gordon PR.B.,-Ior the English armny; Major Brett for the Turkish Contingent, Osmanli IregualarCavalr,y, and P?olish Legiou - fr .tndor for theCo rat. The Turkish mbie are'-IBal' Paaha,: director of Topkan6; 'Emni Be',: from the. Treasury-; Es,-:ail Effendi, from 'the Dockyard; aud ' Davish,Bey, froma the Seraskierate. -Their place of Imeetinlg is at the Ministryof Fiace. The Emapire steamer left two daysU agOo with about 40B men Us :h from the difstatpost* on the BIsch Sea. 8he-had. oit board 1)D. Linton, priveieliesl officer of theI cuatiflapitil3 ' - w - _, _ _ ELI,ArO -The ,ing returned to Berlin on We-- n Stettinj after haiing xeen hi3 limperiaj -i er start from Swineraiinde tthe previousdy,_ -on bosrd the Rusn steam frigae 01A 4 which was escorted by the GCrenitacthi. Yrom now till thea 0 end fthe month therewidll )b0 a aenes of p&rades, revews, Riea dayl anid mano3uvree held at Potsdamn,--ot onily bythe rince)of Pruia , at - £ixat intinded, but by .the K,ng, who postpones has ii&tto Preus'. sea unti the 29th inst. On this occasion of_the usual autumnal nianceuvres there will wsaaller numtber of foria offlers. present&'' than usja4a on account -of: the eat.. atraction'. .1goscor, and from -the superior p opportunitie 'which t-Ciea. has e ed of bodies Of .trWOps not mrely in Motion but.,;s gaveeneraI, von..-Wrangel, the Cininnnxder4n..Chief of rlte militaiy forcee in the Mrk of Bzandenbunr, celebr tedhyesterday the 0fth aniveery ofthe day en *hich he rentered 'the-Pruian amy.g;iheis nom 72 years of age, and isresiarkibe for lis eract anc agile fligure,'ad tfe pirtiscitW with >cmhioia he rejevta all elcaka or other' increase of 'warnth; during the o seveest weathern .phe fdrs bit of t-e congratulatory pete grornme of yesterday cosnmenced at half-paet signal oo there morng, ardu coneiste of musical'-pert.f natces - of the variousregmentsi- comitpoaing the arrion of E3rlin, eithersigiy or combined; 'thela -of' -wh ws amath composed for the occasion by Count tedrng, playedtby sA dif-.l ferent trampeter corps of the altr,ie which all the different signals of thv e service weae introdwucedt s i"h . .thieexception of theSeh-XEro,r right-about--i del i cater inuendq b tait this ; hila evel. for a . pr 'of thie , eie ald own experence b t h9' oclock:Pall' the officers .of. the G.Wneale nstaff W3ited on-ini 'with;thteir congeavulaens, Bandl shortly after the King appeared, attended by-Prince' Charles of B3avara and' own adjutants, who, after emrbraing bisa faibfff ul ervant, addresed him' as " Gexter Fied-Mrhal" -and h.anded him, his patent. On the oswitidrang.alteienrier' of- State, other high offcials, and-.even 'Baon uimnboldt presented their con gatultions; nd deputation suceceeded deputation f oxrd iheret fr' giments or garrisons, and from different w nhnicilalities,-'almost all-bringing festa presents -freedonii of ' fown3, pictuics; portraits, -&c., til13 o'clock, whena ^ dinner was given ithe newr Field-Marlhal's honour at w}iic' th -gveatestpossible asnouint of 'iuilitiuy loyalty wa a exhibite .e.. : ~^ho Prince de IAne,.writh:a nunierous suite, left; tubeck lsst~Wedniesday, on board the Trave, for Sit, etxb-urg, en ri' efor.S oscow, where he will; represent the King of tite Beilgians at the coronation.- T-s bo'M, as well as 'the Wlndiminr, wvhich leases Stetti to-ay, is overloaded with psseiigerz, for the most part members of the highest. European' nobllity? hurrying to the scene of the ap- z'iching; solemnity. A. Rusaian, writing to' th Kr enZ unrin*fornes us that: "she banking-houseof Stie;litz and Oo. is receiving eve:y day advces of credits that havebeenl openedfor distinguished foreignerscoming to the coronxtion. o joadge from the im. mienseanounteofthe sedeits,somesof theambassaaorsseemn to bo deterndned to exael ech other in. splendour sad. 1uxy. 'They may ctacah other on, bbut ayboay who knowrs Ru,swill knethat it will be impossiblefor any foreiguer,.jeven the richest, to'rival~ what is done in this oouiitxy'on-such Gccssiorw ard on this there will be more thn usual done3n Moscow." Baron Adolph von Rotichiihid is just 3io'r here, and -:is -aking.. his preparations to proceed to MIoscow, and in. at the same time the bearer of 'despatehes.. The lDresden Jourad states that iBaron Seebach, the Saxon Mnister in Paris, has iust arived itShe Saxon capit and as about to proceed' to-Moscow. This noination of a representktive for. the Crown of Saxonyattthi eleventh hour excites i little'sur4rise in certain circles, while in others the choice of representativethat has been made iB taken to onfirmnthelief thathaabeen entertainedthere for some time,thattheEmPerorIouis Napoleon is still endeavouring,tbrcught eintermediation of the repro sentative. of Saxony, to bring about a meeting with: the Eniperorof Russia. The private mision of the Baron to St. Petersburg previous to the conclusion. of pence is refezred to now'sa the firstlink in a chain of private overt that is to end in an in-' timate and confidential relation between the tiiot Emperors. I I . The: Yossisdce Zeaung and the KMlnisc' Zeitunig contaim-the announcement that the- Emperor of Mistria had ordered theF immediate mnobiization of the .ihole army, and the troops are being moved on Galicia and Italy. All the rest of the press in this town is without any news at all from Audtria to-day, and bankers and merchants in close rela-' tions with Vienna know nothing of any such alarming .intelligence; -a Vienna corxespondent .in the B&sane Zeitung, however, mentions it as aground-' less rumnour curent in that capital at. the date of hisjetter, 14thinst.- While the Eriipras of Russia was here last week the King made . her the chef- of the reginment of Cuimsaiers'ivhich hithertolian borne the name of the deceased Emperor. tIt wanv in consequence of tli tbat the officers3of that regiment (the 6th Cufras'siers) were presented -to. her last Frday, on whic3h: occasion she' wofse' the -colours' of the regimnent. The official document that'serves asarecord oftfis military appoininent of the Empressin addreid 'by the 'King tohuisfister, and runs as followYs (trauc-late it as nesrly-litervally .an possible for the tako-e4 exhibi6 tiig'le peculizAr st yle) -.-- "Ms3ost Se'rene and -Puiat :Princess I Particularly kindly Wbeove0Sister.---When our'Royal Father, now'rest. ing in Goadon Apriil-7, 1817, infonied he then 3d EegiJ ncht of-Cuiwassiers (Brandenbg); which hsd ahready vwn for itself in 'the -face of the enemy, and amOng other brave Xegimints, a nmane for Wirvery, thathis Imerial Eighness the Granid-DukeNsVi46Pawlow1tsch had accepted the'appointnent an chef of this renimynt, aidajemt enjoined it to show itself wo7rthy of :this sinction, and so earn -foil itelf a claim to.the continued goodwill o its illustious 'cef. His Adajesty-icholas I, of Wssid memnory, contimied for 40 years his. fayour to the regiment, and (what, a1 comingfron the maouth of that.hero-monsrch, finds a i 'place in the antls of the history of the Pnussian army) evenl in his dying hour sent the'reg`iment his gree'tng. To your 'Imperia Majets heart rlso th'e regiment is dear; and s6 I have thought myself empowered to express to you tha wish that you would be graciousiy pleased to assume at the head of the 6th' Regiment of Cuirassiers (Kaiser 'icolau. L von Russland) the place of the late Emperor of blessed niemory. Your Imipeial lfajesty has most graciously granted my r6quest; aud I Sc6rdingly herewith nrominato you to le eef: of :the 6th Regiment of uirassiers (Kaissi Nicolaus L. von Mussland), which will continue to bear this glrious naino for at tfime, 'and, 'with God's astance, lviii alrrays preserve itseif wvorthy of it. : 'tY4llruipria Ejswslundly.dasspesd brother,'i BasSBouci, Aug. 08618"- :. :- 'ITA I14Y. '' TURIN,' AUG; 14-- The.SadinianCGovermnaent has just published its reporton the "0ommercialmovementofl854"which comprises a series, of tablesco-mpiled by the gen7eral ,'directi6n of . Custons on: tfhe muodel of the-English BoaTd of Trade returns. .This ysten-of tables aiai 'only lafreduc'al'hech by' Count' Cavour; wherW M hinisjtc-of. Finance, in 1851, and as yet theretiirns have no6t -beenpubIished innl comaplete forml of'bteiX date tha,n 1854, .I, e:. .. - -Tha-ycir 18a£ was a. very u 'nfortunate one ifor Piedmnont,: inasmuch'as there was'a scarcity of grain, p the wine crop"was almostw iolly destroyed; and the population wan -eeverely afflicted by the cholera4 'This combination of local illM, together with .tLe commencement of the Eastern war during that year, keems sufficient to' account for the " general. comI merce%"having dealined in value from 554,572,816f a.in, 3to 527,313,22f. in 125. But. Cn jthe'.other.hand, the- "special commerce is siown to haxve increased fron '283,034,772f. in' 185q Ito 309,622,800f. in 1854, and the dii£erince between these terms is, that "general commerce" embraces-the whole trade, :whether of foreign cac I home production, in the exports, and whether dce stined for re-exportation or disposal in the counthy in the imports- ; -while the "special commerce"f 1only Tepies;nts the produce of the 'Sardinima States in the exports, and the goods entered for sale oi ' cons mtion in the aingdom in the impors.- ln- 1854 :the general imports amounted "to 322,429,850f;,andthc special importsto 199,912 35Mf Tegeneralexpo e , , an thc In .Eboth returns Fnce 'stands at the head of the VAi of oistries whih are ead aooordinx to the yalu*o.f the ate,. orrsM on with. sudinia,. and in th6 ";wmal, pramera' she is followed; by other Stite iAhelom g order :-LombrdoVeusto,Switmsdand T -1:an and h Duchies, Nap1eJj Scctb erica, It?Ui Worth rica B razikBp.in, kc;~ and in the "special ceoinierce": baEaghIad, Lombaro-Veneto, Switrerlasnd, .i~ay, a& the Ducrhie, Russia, NTorthA:merica, South Aerica; Naples Tur3cey, Holland, &ec. Th-le tot ii decli,ed -mine? ~of the trde writh xigland -.ii 1853was46,b53,313f., ad in 1854 it 47T 566,74f. - Of tbi41,286, 820f. porta tion, and 15,266,4<3£-exportation, in 1853; anld 41,S23,O43f.impotatsion,mnd5;3O9,7t23f. exorttiond ii1854. The pricipal itm in this tradeare iron and coals -4he impbrth of 3:the former-re by declaration, mined ini 1853 at 1O,562,478f., and i- 185 ' ati1308 ,W0E. ;' the later' at 1,710,743f!. i 18153,:aud, at-3,782,052f-it 181; but, of -ourseD tie -fficl ti make the sumsmuch larger. The ,totof iportsa imdertihe heedof "special ooxnznerce" in 2854: iset down at 199 912,351f., -rhich isan iiicrease of 1,1883,833f. on he reftuirs o-f8463-and of 33,3-i ,667f. outhoe of 1852, giving aiconvincingproof of te wonderful progr ti couidtry has 5 me 5ineo -the introduction freetrade principles into its finacial Iegislation, and at he same time the -0ale of exports, hic ornas 8c,l2i,7l53f. pin i852, and 95,114,264f. in-185S, iose to 109,'Ia0,449f. in 185t showming an increase ingtbt -ranc- o, 20s283,696f.. inthree yec ; the -"scial: conerce" hai therefore inoreae by upwardsof 53,5000f. in tree year- T 'L,articlnsW of- commehce, accordingto tiedr atportance form this- country,-are silk, otton, corn, olontial. produee, inetpla, wool, -ine, &zo. :e 3hrom theae attemita it appetar that if allWItaly :.cre as freG in torade as Piedmont the commerce -ith liand wouldt amoGunt to some 1,00;0,0001 iterling .per ax te and with lbauce to much more.d.r . .r LIord and Lady Morhan h lve again arrived at Patirm fronr the tbatbifo Aano. The b-uchiit alentyaa l.rea present at icensa - er they usally pas a part of the sunmer. - t Fwe expetd .the dtab-ol Eiege-iwould berid bythei end of the month, -u-a General Danogarten e had given oderZs fo-raortenihg the ldayousof the iwias taryeonunission as muichas possible, and saveril;of the prisoners relursied' from Mantus had been act at librty ,:: To nigt theni is afull dress dinner at the French; MJiiiister's iD honoir of .the stperoi?sf&dto-morro*;Jbut~i -to-morrow is fast day it wFaa though:t betteritflIold th6 dinner to-day. The guests consist of the Mnisters of State, the Presidents of the HouseofParliambnt,thediplomatic body, &c.-
I' UIKDLY IVWORDS4OSS TH= ATANTIC. i -.1ho following is a' bOpy of the response of the Liverpoofl RiniciaiEetor,m AsoCIifo to the answer of the Mayor and Citizens of Plladelphia ito thc frienly a dreSe froi tiverpool t dh ih ester :.'d : .. "'iacial Reforax AsociatIon, 6, York*bTilldings, . , . I)aletStrtet. Liverpool Aug. 4. a §[ !'r Oir;0abelhlf of the members of this association and G on iny own I ca.nnot deny. myself the. graification of. ne-! clphngto yon the wanr deerngs of satisfaction swith which "e have received the raponse of the citizens of Phladelphis; to.eieadio re emfron-iivei o l .anid u anchester toatno fpeople ofithe UnitedStates. man urIny add without .presurption; though not officially deputed tosngeak as their repr.esentativs, that those feelings remost corially shared by the pole ol Greasrt BnSain dlrand univeray.' To this .bbf in y I not sn the hope tl~tho .peope .a t America aFremnso io otn mind with the citizens of- Pting dolphin as tothe considerationsw hich ought tofi ender wea betw&iethe twro nations x pcerfect imrnossnbilitem7? "oent dtoget or,-a weay, tbytees of blood, diplg o zrebgxon, common institutsonus, and mutual interests, and not less by hiegardim tothewlfareof .all mowendg as the onpl tbo: groat champions bf representative government and the sovereignty of the ieople, it is, nevertheless, a fact th this deplorable calamitoy impossiSbe as it shouln be deemedg was recentlybro dght to the*-eo vergo of being an actu l occurrence. *. .-: " Colonel hemont, in the admirable address aecepting bis nomination. asa: cardidate for, the highest offico in the gift of, nnf explains the Asont 'International- embarrass. ts,' .he says,: 's-maiy the results of a secret dipioacy which aimnsi toteep fromthe lnowledge of the people :the peratiorofifthe G ernmentr'- -* - "mTnis is' - diatetrt tersely propoundedy andaorteh of the dmost protonnd conuideradlhi on tbe part otf the people. I Weigh the mischief done ba secret diplomacy siththi good eve1 effecite byh and the balance of evil rrightfslly,r. .pInderates. dhe- good- thfat, it his done is problem tical, whule-histolslittleelsetlsnfa catalogoe of csarngewro. ceding origielt l ifrcsts t rf-tintrfges, personriaie ries snrdespicabtr.gqnabt es o- mbadors - and diplonaitUio-erseongse.o It iesntme thatsthe destiries of nation and the grog hnss of wina the.honldfo r, onerbaleesnort of such aInciasa these.-- -appy wtheirbe for the people of both bountries if lh6-eoplo(ofWllnslnd and hmrczeet l l o2i tl esdiianter u7hhh t-eyd ave barely escaped, and which,-abd ,tocgrre-wole hae bed. n attribntmble to the astmo oin ecret diplomacyalonI, shotid adopt mesines for ato l ti Ru tbtthitnsysteim altogetherf "In these'days of steam and electricity, there is no occar sion-for resident Ministers of State in foreign contries. -Theytare intriguers- a b3st, ana .too often nothing better than spios vested with of ficial, irmmunty. The ordinaty intercourso offriendlynations can be carried on much t anaor specil occasiecln speci M initr chosenfor -tdeir p ate' encf, practical kiiowIedgeShQnesty and jsrticlr a situ e for the business'in han-d,-ought fo be deputed. What motives gnidethe appointment of American -diplosnatists it' becomes notc me to incrie' bht with' nsthe-quaifloSiations I have- specified *are geneFillF the very last wshch are taken into account by th ffis.ipensers of dsplon7icpatronsge.~ :" May the people of both coun3tries look to t.he existing evil; and' devise . the necry6 ramedies in time.. F2iling the latter, nbothin~g but the fired popular determinadion onl both sides not t6 shedlkindre blood can prevent their respettiki3ief6 from engaginDg them in a fratricidal wrArfsre wxtktleachcotier..:'- : : "WVith thehighesitrs,eckbadregardtow ardsyourself indivldually, and aso. towarda the~ gentlemen who signed the 4dcress, the cxtisbnh 6fT?hiLadelpia,-ausd the people of thie funited S§tes generallr., .- h ." ve4hbehononr.to be, Sir, : .~,;,- ~=":Ycur'mostobedienthuinble servant, To: -- -'.RBEilSON"[GLADSTONE, President.: " oth&llom. iRichard Vaux, Mayor £ .: Blf iilaephia.'"
.AUST&I' VISAS ..TO POREIGNrOFFICE.PASS. eQR-TS. T O THl t151ITOl.'OF THE TIMES. - 'SirC-liks many othersofcmy fraternity, Iam. on the Po mn* ig vam on ramable, anad had selected Ssiitzerlaud for thbe kne of my wanderings, with -a hopo of penotiatiog into Piedm'ont, ana the possibllity of catch. ing a glimpso at;part of Tmibardy. I9btaiind the'usual Foreiga-office passport, wherein the Eirl of Clareudaoii'rque;sts, "iLn the name of Her IAEjeaty,', thatIpmay-e 1ulIowed ."to pass Ereo and-unmoliested, and may besaffordedaeyry aid; issistance, and protection,"oc. - IinstruWaide. hr.Aaamr, the well-known passport agent andipubhlbher-of-.the BiadsMew, to obtains for me thi necessry isuas mt:the :different embassiesor consulates, but at theAusfiman Einbassy tho answer returned to the application was, that I maust present myself in person. - . I accordingly 'vent to - leandos-housc, and, after being kept iaitinr neuaily -au hour, I saw a very gentlcaanly young mau,n in_ under-secretary I think^, who asked Me whetheri had everi beenr in Italy or nanypart of the Austrian dormiiions' i nxnny replying inf the negative, hes said it& *wattrange,- for- that mny =*me appeared in a list ofi pe4s6ns whb ought-not to havo. their parsports vise. thoivevsr thelested bht probably my name ras ave somn oneh and -t t therefore Idmieht tCot be the person meint ' rlehaobliged me to reply that w mas nnt e l as ffar frm:-cAisniorv one; -ard the young gentlemarnthen added that even the lfroiatirano ames corresponded with those in the list above referred to; still Ihad aswered hiniL so openly,that-he -would go and report to CounLt Karoyi>L aLnd nLO douLbti riidUold be permitted to enter Lon, bei i He' retu±ne'd nm afewr minurtes,,-and repea"ted thast it seemaed clear that it was m-y n,.me thLat waLs on the list, but that-jn'obiblyt b the frontier- no objection wvould be made to~ y pag , Ijifiowe0ver, toIdhin that I was informed oa -2o aufthiority that it ws aslrmost maztter-of certainty thit I should notbo snffered to pass at the fronties with,oLt' hiv* nzr,ij-paoktwise mLonden and mlore particularly was ,t n,ebcessaiy.p 'n-ie i f mynDa3ne unfortunaLtely rendered me anrL object of-suspicionl-- -:-: This he didE not d2eny, but offered to write to Vienna; requetiig the- -thorites there towrite to the Arstrian Iiegatior 'at Beme, and that if there wasnothing against me (s'ei 'y a Fe,f contifre troUs) my passport would thire be -This, of .course; was only a polite iiethod of getting rid of me here, and. throwing the refusal on some one else's shoulders, and I--so stiated. -Tfhe yog gentleman, who iassextrerdely- ourteous, beggedI wonldnot-so understand. it, and urged-that it-would only take about three woeks for the communicatioh to reach Berne, passing by Vienna. - I stated&tbat by that time-[ should be onmyroad home, and I asswed the under-secretary that I woulda ot bear -s-tams against-His Imperial-Majesty during my vacation:tour, nor would I attempt to shake the throne of the HapWburgs.: gan,the polite oUflial betc-ok himself to Count Htrolyi, butwith no better success; and at length I learnt, afeer repeste&questioni, -hat-the reason for . my esclusion from :thetsates Hf islmperisa-jesty vwas,that IwaS supposed to belong 'o a-faMily wbich had shown " dU 1ysp,th-ea al-ec Ea 7vn>p"aandc IalWiencf r ,, , : 7 I do not pretend- to koIW in what this chiage consists', but T at ocei admitted -hai I numbered among - my friends sever&l of the Italian irefuiees in-this country, Comn.ent oosthe-abovees .scarcely needed. The pettiness of thiu system of-espionage is afitting pendnt to the oppression: bf the Governmentof .His Most Apostolic Majesty, so fre,uentlyand ablya e*p6od in yosr columnns. . . '-I enclosemy c *ardand aul, Si, 'our very obedient serrant.- . A LONTDUN L&WY ER Olld Jewi, Aug. 1;.. -a . } 1 : ,
- HE DAbUBIKAN PPr1CLPAL1IZ * I - (, wzo* OR ANsO CORXUOVXDW3T The -e aciDi § r.M. TO iiiO Vkofntedb t1i, evm Powein toinvetiate the eoDndxW and requfeuits of the Dnubian P in i3itiee" and to aupt the best mode of reoWgaxnhZfli*J-WM Won beO I embled at Con butnop7le,irwhither bygeraIof a *-' ady' on' their" way,Dand swhere-it is said tha tbfr first conferences are to. be held and it il not improbablc. .that the commencement ,o.th.ir dReltiheaie ma re-vve'tha iin#tere o, the- uopen public: in the fate of those proyjnc interes that at onet;inme .a ivl1 btwc latterly er. Dt orAi hae dId 'a)y.' ependently' o the political importanc thw derive from their situation, and from the oon-I flicting been,s 'of ic hey have and, inlfact s till a,re,'the-'object, -those principalities munot' b e. be ooudee- t;;a4 not ,byer-]e ions wr,o have had opws ,, ty of beco,n~per- sonally, aculaned mi them-s undeperini of4 interest, anddcorrptvenMuofe o too inuch the faiov n of p . aIt ho been rather too,uchhE fdiin-'pass asmeeping oodemina- tion. upon3 the Moldo-W,allachin--o depict Tie' lowrer classes' as iretrieably idle, ignornat, and, sottiahIanld The higher orders as, without excep-: tion, diarold t a'duorrupt. Thof'e- eziggeration in this tiew,hichi's 'the peatry ,; and, moreoversuwh cient allowance ha never been made for the depres ig corrupting influence of domestic iyi:iny andforeign o04cuaption. Preed' fromthe presen,ce of' a foreiz soldiery, and endot-ed withb a Gjust and honest vn n here s:no ,reaon wry, he iralsdvitages of thore pr'o-' vinces sshould not be developed, anld the moral; standaxd; of'-their ' opfilstjon r aised. 'Eelieve: the thpeaat from"fe :feijh eaiciona -whic'h iioninahy abolished; in 'realit press upon him o thii "very day;t iift hinm out ofd them isery rhic oftevn drvese hiar t seed oblivion indrinked let himfeel the result of hirlabour will be: a bene tito himel iand not to Borne slne 'proprie,tor o,r, gspiiaginialemaand d! there isi nor reon or precdlent e thatned wiln w'o--rk lhgly and improvehis habitg -A regards th&higlier cla5 and especiailly thfe aria race hof- the- p rouvifeitis, nfortely, too t.,ruethat, as abo,dy, teir'moral:edhifacter is very ,bad. But there, arehonourable exvceptions to this ule-t anid the ,examplet of t corruption h I'bwon set for iany ye'ar, and.e-peasly lattesly inWelychia, by a Governdmlent hich unblushingly, and almost onenly, resorte to T ienssth mesl o mranteainiwg a power the object of whichl was not thie wvelfare of thomany,-aiith gratification of the cupidity and rn,bition'o!"a'few*. -~ - ~ ghea!emtentof- the powers ith which the corn-. miniasiners frouitthe sev,en Governmnents are invested baa. .. not,>I believe,- been -positively defined,:or at l,east' it is-'not publicly known. It; is understood,' hawever, an eeralIybeliev6d, that, notwithsandineithehih:dipomati p ranklof some oft,he dee'gateO','underd seedito iiply e a capacity for'the ,I and cofziplezt adjustmeat of the question, their dutes wall be li-ited'to investigation and repbrt, anid:'that up'on These Thb-'-P-ari Conference 'dUre asemblerto deliberate ifoorm itn judgment, and xi thebases oi tShe ze-orgsihation. ie s to be-hope, . and, indeed, can 'arcelyto donbted, that in The' very:firiphee the'ehtemely defective organic eode' in' force since.l83l,_the. lmperfect'n a;na-biguous. wordirf'off 'w, iTli 'has opened the door to abuises which its mners perhaps did not contem:plate; will be' entirely xemodelied, if anoth er be not: subscttute fortn e io,napletereiion offe present, terrntorialdarrangementsaldef the relations betweenv The landh6ldei ad'the- peasan is urgently called 'or, andwiill douhtless, be stiong recomended bl. the"corunt.sioner3. -o'.Thsing this for' granted, we comie to an,other questioi whichthas lately atiumed greatprominenceg andwhich excites the stront' Vintet- in the i'rincipisnamtedy, .ieir 'on unnder ,an dity ienisg P This fidet' ivhcdoesfn'ot' appearfo -b of -ery an'cient "orig iv, hab"been eaBer y exubraced in t oldoWal'laciia'heret it-ha found nmueroh u and enthusiastic pariEs:s,7' and' where, i}ndeed, it-has so' foengroted ' -th'ed 'pieylmighnd 'as to t rowr into Ath shadetl oCiher proAposed chges which are certy- equally desIrasble. :Garried usay by visions 'of. futre 'independence and' augmented -paner, some of itisladvocats seem to imag,ie that sucp a -union,.sestecihly if'der' foreign :Priice, would necessrily entail the amendment of' evert .:-andt . thea immteediate priopenrty ,.of- 'the c ountry.' -Somei of. -thses ardent imaginahtions ap4?a' to - have' beheld. 'in the realization -of of the sudden t±anaformatiein of.rtnee.9ue4,! n1-itia-atiofiI-wasseblye Prithou ,Poerplty,io lfiPioi ;a Eath Miiser,aiumal TesonkiW Iity;.th,Rbonrdiy, fthepre. -This isgonghatoob -fat.-he'nioi'0 Moldavia'andWaliachiawould, Icadmit 'e'd 'believe, be beneficial io bnoth; but, 'should'it not be concede'd mnuch might stil be'done for their good, and hiey. tight become prosperous although still divided.. A letterf pom Galats. in a German , newspaper has just infonred us of a newa politcal par*y in a ahlachias' which eadopts as its proga e-it the union ofthe Principalities-under the suzereinbu of the. Porte -thiat s,useraint to be exercised in conforiitywith the 'ncienty.privilec"es of the pron'nce; 2do a foreign Prtice asmrler. d, .a n-ational a sembly without p6rope qualifcstibi, 4th, Ministerial responsibility;t 5th, berty of theepress. This cauhardly be consdered a. new party, 'for te differences are but slight ~between its principles and t,hose of--the ibteral or mit o, n- feation parly, which for somue ie has been numerous and popular in WalTachia. The chief difference isoinrths 3d article. The nationat party in .Wallacuia. .has, I think hitherto inclined sto a property qualification, -not only for' candidaes.but for eltrs,, but{the question has, scarcelybeen seriously discssed"'eanong "them -dany aore than ethat of one or.tiwo represen4 tative Chambers.' <A-few younsmen, 'most' of ohem of democratic: Meanings: may 'have- premaurely busied the'mselves awith .these questions,' hut Utw majority have postporied them for fulture considera tion. hinistrial responsibility-is'eonsidered .byasll bu a small COrrupt clith e, t sh quite indispensable, and a freeipress4is -warmls desired. 'Buththe f.ion ofmthe provmces is the great change most' atioussl coveted: and ioudly clamoured 'for,s-andsthe moft mitense anoiety is ielt to loaow: whether a theEunropean Powers 'will grant it. ' :I ' o- : The views of the seven Powers on this queht'ion are now, with' one ex:ception, no secret to -the world.o-.W.l'Irance,'I ussia,'Prussia, aid Sard,,inia are favourable to ther union. 'Tuoeyf lndy Austria strongly oppose *i. England alone preserves an undecided attitude; at the expense, unquestionalily,of a dimnution of her irestiape i sn oldo-Wallachin.- On the.otherhaiid, ,incemaybe said to have assumed the leadin the unionist mwiehrent. I pointed out, :in a recenitletter, that the attitudeof'the diplomatic agents of iE:ngland ahdnatBucharei-, during the excitement fcasioned there by the idea 'of. the union,g.coinedexctlyh tth at of their iGoveri mneat. 3LcBdiard.openly.declared t hat his sudden conversion, hisunexpectedly wanpartismishjpof the 'uioni mider~a'f6reig Pri nce.: was a c6nsequ-ence of orders ieceivedProemParis, -while-'. Colqitoun's reserve was ,in stric't,conformity wi th-hat o f the Br,itishM3,ni,stiry., A.i few iiont,hi ago the eyes of the ifoldo-Wilachians gere ixed hopefully upon Bug. land, but lately their giances h:ave been: diro rather towrards-Fra'nce. 'I'hisia uot-veryhuportnt There'aIbebut:snse atpresentas tothe course England'-wilL a'dvocate with spectt t_hoe pro'vOces,.and 'here:ia certainly.no ~reason to suppose Jziat Lo>rd Pdlmerst4n's -Government, ,slthoagh 'it ,may have't,h'ouighti'flt td'abstain 'from. an unneces-J Dsaruly eaiSlyoeecls.tionz of' fts' 'iews, 'will be foornl rstaitg:in .'ympathyLwith a people stri,ving'after libet and im,pro'vemnent,'or Ebackward.in assisting ~it to outamn such chaulges asinay. be really for its aC4 vantage. -Itis-tbe observed,'salso, that' the ,uels- 'Lion of union or -no union i:s 'hot tc be settk&1--'1y. zmajority of votes' ad tht' prior to. its, decision :an VinquiryAato take .p1ace wh ich. mavy possibly- modify~ tome of the opiuions at 'present' entertained. -'tkit not a question-that should' be prejudged,;sineeit was expresslylaid douvi-at the Paris Congress that the -wishes of those.most interested should be 'arefully ascertained, ansd due weight given'to thiem.- ,-Subordinate to the main point of' the lnimon, blut 5still very -ampor a is, s- the question whetherethe Danubian[pkrovimce. should be ruled'by a. forein 'or a natite Pinnce.; Their inhabitants are stron61y in favour-of the fbrmem.e upon'the' ground that a'Moldavian Prinice woiild be unacceptableAto the WVallachisns, -ahd-s. WaascFsM-to the Moldavians,: and 'tl!at, m either case, ths nobleman selected.lfor-so 'reat -an elevation as that' of hereditary uler, would be haiiised`f and impeded 'inhis rule by the jealousy and int rigues of the other Boyards; in. ahcrt, .that ,such Jana 'arranlgement wbeld,-lead to constant difficulties --andv diwapto, perhaps,even "tovonspira'cies and- subveorsive attempts anld that, safw& tim, Ruro. woi4 u -t-ruytre I th e othe, band, tM u fAA it : to t1; pt." shodld be of llUgit eDtlSl@ **-Oti:Ul*be- eU-ill to be Swonitin 0vk,g amigto thepean1 6X1 ut it is, pi, AtU tobi mxdv.. with hi branh 1 mibet,e the.; o diwumon of whh would lead me fr-bxzike orduiyiy its~of a lott&.r-, -<Aoodiig-tothe list aecounti' , fm X s , .the . . *c , baiag az&l.e adx &wa-E - thii-lei! onwf:lid monbuloy~i,.E It<~ tll th fi* h>gr g r - the y ' r -1 are o irer desthed ad m e - ham thir -depriiZ been neuneed -tSat7 ifoti will- nowr 'en*are tow Xik- a-dati for itv:d they are to rem an m'iiy- he -uihe e nVR thre pat of :3X.. hI -ceded- to Moldvi t ntije :yet be -there some time, foet 1he lates adics4i of di~geent-mne h -*e boun3dar onrn sinners, wit;h-who--tha lun-luclcy--:Bogadgi;m-plae 3pon Msovite maps 'i -a bone of co~t-ni tion; The Ausran seeu stdy to thelst itiin'ih aytm o! -vexation advn&1njuoe to*rirds theiIidi-bibta of the-country-they were sentto f) Yo wffill remnber that- a aho*&e a Piia& C.Soutro, e einghiaown ouryd, wscub dowh by a drunken cororral, wad da 6roui voune~1 thehend The case was nasJ ii y possble oui-E niurder. - A ;letter from Blbaet informa mne4ha thcoiporal le- bee kWrie a enteaoed to redivt 40 lashes, and to be degraded tooriemanirs for-hr Montuhs.- Theiproportioni befreen the offenen an Pun,75hmente mU nD 'oomment:,-bti not itob: wvondered atX, since in eaiec actual mnuder; of whinh -very mny have -oocuzrid during the Alustriari occupation, a a larly sbasneful ieniigvwss shown to the crmials n capihtl punimbmeiit 'wagnever once ncecd. -. - _ - 4£
.-rL WAr f S W T S - TOTE liDlIcyRj oD yi,ii TINE; s 8ir n the cif just. app dneW ime7s al ivon "A. $ iiw Director," in irb;lteration in he ail inode cewo±1dna idiway d;gnals propounde4Axm4ur 'Wth riA'-e abMiy ad foreible. Iguage, but azitadvocates a most dangerous plinciple Iventueto as for -amai p also, to showr briei the princp1 bbjections to at. I de not tuterf loa eontroversy: tohe it lj. asmnytimei a n Yicupdas ie.te ol abusy ine -oE raiway 90 miles in length, on w""h I v dogothen with sny fellgow offcers, enrestly dessremo p> vidin for the sfet aor eonvenience of the publc ngu an of aopting any zemroeintwiti that viewr - fully agreeaWith "A aily irector that ariw mube so aadang worked as to admit "of irrg laitiu of all sorts withono These eglrtes eesal involving' injury to the passengers 'J and tht somes moGre is `ated thai elaorater ig n a fo e tables;andthat some, tomy'niind,iY a perfe* a effiientystAem of Aignals wel attendead o. The late unfortinate catstrophe auded to by yo corepondezit was evidently the icsilt of neglect, andmos the accidenlts whisk at preet 'ou froneleca fmgn. arise not from the imperfection of the syteni use, but ffom carelessnes, inattention, and nsglect on the pt thosein charge; - It is tobefeared the same CaUses willproduce the EasUO rilts tnder any other system -It isthe'mentaland mor; m achnr -which 'is'imperfect ' -. ,. ,~' The sytmof workn .signals prop:osed by A. Railwa DiecorP is simplv this-.hat every signal should at' al times be set and kept' at >"Danger,'" ad oily change& ', alowr th l assag oZ& t{iin This, ho otends, is aster tlms he s.4iem now univerall-y followed, of only showing *F .'danger' wl7atn a tl irPodiment eni'ts. Tlhe great oDjection to the proposed.systemis, th7tth -da ger signalrwould no longerrepresentthoactua' eiic3 of danger or impedinsent, anid ouItherfore be,rdie garded, whereas, whenr now exhibited, ever,y driver.an,I *gar,d luiows that it may boIdleath to neglect it,~and every exertion is used to stop the t1rain before arriving a it; and wlcn;a train is dramu up -within it t,here s a iertainty ofprtection. ' |Ontihe contrarojsn old the so-clled Icaffinnative'se- tern" beadojited, dnivers woulda.aituazly ran up to te sIgnl expcting it o bolowered as a matter of course;an) probbly, find out *whea too lte tt on some one oecaoc At LYneant"da ger." '' Captii Tyler, in reporting upon:u accident at PeA& borough tzEion,dinovenber, 1B-5, cemnst S of hav ng' signal there Oonstantlr -eptat " da "'is found tbi'satb1ie ' enneaenrnningbetween?eterbiroi nd I;oedon, .'"52inumber," admit thast they have boeici for yeas gMilty of "'running past" this signal.0'; Thne danger siSna shotihibe keptisacerd, md tfe 'coniif; ue, t;oo, of the wthistle, requir.ed biy the proposed fiy stem1, would so hve the effect of rerderingtoiguards inia-f,r less alive tzo thb instant necessity of applying the biak 6on | eat,ing-it . - ' : ', r : Most stations ar. now protected by what a re allei "i. tance signals," being signals worled by wires fie1r haudles at the station, the signal ps st ianding ata disi aiCe varying according to circumstances,bn7t sufficiently removfd t0cont2ainwithin it andprotect the longest train outside the station itself : , To this inustbe added that the '-iew of the signal sEioud bo unimpededor.a. sufficlent spaceto allow a train- to brought to ret when running at fullspeed should the sIgnl siow "Danger." ' - ,he advantages derired now from the extension ot tant signals t£ a remoOte point from tho station would have ,to be relinnuished in a great degree, as al signls -would bave to be brought so near to the signal'n as to allotje whiste of ths approcing trin at all times, and umde&,[01 circumsban0n- of wind, weather, and position, to he heird frorabeyond the signal. There ae many positions on the r ailwrays -in the mnufacfturing disticts of Yorhie ' d Larncasliiewhere,-from. the proximity of mills an4 othier work this co uldnot be done Vithout bringing the signal dingerously near the station. Trhe"affirniiative system' is adopted on m7ost lines for junctions, beA±sie'the roads cannot ailbe kept ope for-al thefourlinesatoonea ndthesame-time; and thedauty o the junction signalman is to sleut Inwhich order lie can allowv tne trainc-to -paa through-the -juncton; and it seems I to me, from recollection, that at least as many accidents I bave happened fxpm neglect of signals at iunctions (in po-_ Iorton to the-rmber] as ai stationSfromn tthe sane cause. :As t he adopliion of the " affrmative esytct ro}dirowl the onusiof ne~glect upon the enginedrivers, instead of 3pOll t;he people t-the station having charg- iof the signals, it would lead to a very careless aud - : - system id shuntikg upon the-mainelin at-the stations' the men engaged iz the goods-yard would worlk under the assumption of protectien Stall tiimes of the main line, while the signaImsa,s mt 0eing aware 'of their movements, might lower t;he sLnal, and sOme plan would have to be devisod of announcing to -S the men employed in th st on the intention of-lo1r. iug the signal,-and. oE receiving arplyfronall of .LW Ithatit etould 3ex-one safely - .71 - One of the worst accidenta on reord -was thus causd, vin, thatat Shiivenhamn, ihere-the signalman turned,ihs signi for an spproachiig train-to proeed, the men iu tz e yar,d shuntinga horsebot plyou the ain he at .te in-zo . .\ - - - - # hsuperLqrity ofthsepresentstem in his respect ap, :per evident, when we ow that no mnan abonta staWi must ahiuton the main line wfitboaL .first having].a4 special sgal put ov: showing actial-danger. The very *t 0'7thia having to be7 des lead-to extreme cautionin the Use ote mainline. - - The constant attntion required by the system of signals propesed by " A Rauiway DJirectori" can be equally obtained byjtleilntrodiiuetion of the bell Signal, which by requiring to be adjusted at the paage of every train, efectually pfeverts the party in-charge leaving ihe station. - To recapitlate briefly :-The system proposed is obj;ctI&&. , able for the folloing reasons -_.. it does not s7how wlfen ac!ual. danLger and i,mpediment exist. 2. It woula ;imit .hespace potected, and not give in many cass ;uffient space to drawup a trainbetween the station d g-h. It vwouild ed to carelessuse of the main line At the stations. And if,' aslbhIieve, the attention of the parties in chage of asthtion-can be euially well secured by a simple addition othe existing system, the weightiest argument that can be adduced in.favour of that proposed falls to the grounIL In these few remarks I have not entered into the questons of delay that would be the reut of the propod ste mor of the epeise of rorldjigit; tbeyare both ofamuch graver charater than- A Railway Director seemis to a,i_ cipate Imut have'confined myself solely te- those point 'in whichthepublicame more intereed,-vir, those affecting Eafety, that being the first consideration - In conclusion, allow me to reqse;t " rA ailwy Thrector' to give "more Than a moment's consideraMton to. thes objections to his-ystem, and I trnst 'he will see morei'n j themathan" routlne endredtape." - - - ' .-f!,.i RSir. yTour oedient aerant " ---- I IKAILWAT GE1GU. ,: . . I - -; - - I : * t. PAXAEs -OKEsILh As MJux- } d&y, Au.iS.- -dmivio4slo On IJn2lcnt, -10,293; di&tW-Y KlsXtl,.kX=.-ToW viiters 1062f. :-l 4-
- . H VXTYD ESTAT&ES. - (}='a OUR SPECrAL COR0 D )T.) - WASHINGTON, Ato. L. We havo just p 'ed through one of those periods, called by the learned in atmo3pheric phsnomena "a I heated term." oait fitly is it so named; accor,ing to oes snd registers- there: has: 1been .thing equal to it, in dutration and degree, for 68 .years, that is, "iithi the memory of man. This inteme heat set in' about the lth of I July, kept the thermometer at the highest ranges,. __hirough. aU the nineties, -to several poizts >abovea hundred,tiil"the 2 th, *hen some thunder znd rain, the precursors of. a heavy stora tf both, on the 30th broke it up, and rest red a more endurablet temperature, hch - we- are io6 _joying with due thanu'dlness. There has been Ecarcely any rain in the coast district since the last -TiCek in June, and the descriptions of txe effect, of -the long drought were beginning to be alarming. The -rnit crops were suffering greatly, some sorts have ill but failed, grass looked as if ",burnt with hot-rollers," the rivers were falling rapidly,-springs and wells drying -up, and the navigation of the canals was suspanded; fires increased in number as the Mimosphere became aid, and wooden-ce-nemnnts more than usually inflammable. It is said that - periods of drought are becoining more frequent in -America, and that the climate has been sensibly affected by the gradual destruction of the forests of -tJe interior. Bat such heat as we have lately had is not usual for more than three or four days toge-ther. Howr to-""keep cool" has been the question,, - ana, with poltics as hot and feverish as the weather, it is a marvel Eome recent irritations have paEsad off without physical mischief. I You are aware that the assault on Mr. Senator Sumner by Cslonel Brooks, a representative of South Carolina, was denounced by one of M1r. Sumners personal and political friends in langeage naturally strong. In what other, language could the assault, however provoked, be mentioned ? For his denunciation, MIr. :Burlingame (of Massachu*cetta) received a kind of challenge,-explained, and it was supposed the unhappy affeir was settled.- 3ut withathe merciless discus.ion every word and action undergoes in this arenaWbf political conflict di& 3isaparicularliabilityto mrisundestaudin end misconstructions. Mr.Burlingame'sexplanation was mzsunderstoodandrevoked. Promptly came asecond challenge from the southern member, which was accepted, and the battle-ground was fixed by the challenged parties, on the British side of Niagara, out of any State jurisdiction, north or south. Colonel Brooks refused to travel through the -1"4 enemy's country," the North, to reach-it ; plainly stating he could not do so without risking his life among Abolition [mobs, who would have revenged Mr. Sumner's injuries in a manner unknown to any code of law or honour. It(is asserted that Colonel Brooks has received piles of threatening letters from the North to this effect, and his friends contend he was perfectly justfed in declining, a meeting at a place,underall the circumstances, preposterously selected. On the other hand, it is as stoutly maintained by the Northerns that Colonel Brooks might have gone to the- Canada side of the Falls in perfect safety; so, with -assertion 2and rejoinder, the matter rests Mr. Burlingame and his second left Washington on their way to the ground, but were stopped at New York by the refusal of the other partys attendance, and returned to Washington, where both the possible belligezents were put nuder heavyba;lto keep the peace. Mr. Barlingamehas published a final "card" on the subject, containing several passages even stronger and more provocative of extremities than -the original speech which was the cause of the difficulty, though not its source, and leaves the whole matter to the public judgment; at which point I will drop it also, addin, merely that a reply to it is beingprepared on the part of Colonel 3Brooks. I give this summary of the quarrel because it has beenthie one topic of interest here for the last 1Q days, and because, though the beginning of the transaction may have reached you, the end of it is of more recent date. While these incidents have been passing here, Colonel Brooks has been re-elected by his constituents, with only a nominal opposition. the adjournment of the Legislature is fixed for the 18th, th ough, as the business to be done appears to increase rathaer than dfiminish towards the . lose of the sension, the "H ouse' may wish to prolong it; the Senate, it is reported, will strictly adheTe tothe day appointed. 1In the last few days good progress has been made vith several deferred jnea-- sures. The Army Appropriation MBll, an important portion of "Supply," has been -voted at last, nwith an amendaent grafted on it, highly displea3ng to the Southern interest, and not much otherwise to the Administration. To make conditions with the ruEling power, or insist on having grievances reme-- died before granting money, is a recognized jpractice; here ihe grievance has been the action of the federal Executive in the territory of Kanas; the federal troops have been employed to suppress the legislature of that part of the population which emigrated to Kansas determined to make ! it a "Frea& State, the Central Government having saided with that portion of the settlers who' had occupied, or at least were occupying it, as a tiave territory. It was a race to gain the territory by the rival powers, for the conflict is deeper in princple and results than that of ordinary party, and theExecutive backed the South. It caused a strong rally of the northern members in Congress to stop the action of the Governtment within the territory, which could be done most effectually by refusing to vote the funds for paying the army, or coupling the grant with conditions in the form of amendments to the Appropriation Bill. Several were proposed, more or less stringent; - the one now casried provides that no part of the military power of the United States shall be employed to enforce the enactments Of "the other" Legislature of Kansas, the rivalof that suppressed by the troops, till Congress shall have decided whether it is a valid Legislature or not; and, till that decision is made, the military shall only be employed in the territory to preserve the peace andl protect property. It is required, also, that the militia organized in Kansas shall be dis. anned,and anyfurtherinflux of armed men stepped, theL.tterp rovisionbeigeasier to enactthaexecute. Thus qualified, the appropriation was voted, but as the Lower House has not, as with us, the sole power of voting money, the Senate will have to determine whether the grant can be accepted, coupled with the conditions. - It may strike out the amendment, and then the supplies munt either be granted as usual, or the " Free territory" members must take the responisibility of stopping them altogether; The question whvetherthis distant aud unsettledterritory shall be slave or free has fallen like a stone onong the machinery of the State, and stops sone of the cogs and wheels at-every turn. Of- the teveal blls settling its- constitution, the one passed by the House is favourable to the frea cause- anl even restoresMthe Missouri compromise.. -The Snate is being "'bombarded" ith. abolitionist biUls -aud pro visoe. - : . The other discussions have been chiefly confliled to acts authoizing the executioi of public worki and improvementsat the expense of the Federal Treasury. There are,doubts -whether the principle on which they are founded is admitted by the coastitution; and it- is altogether a very knotty coatro7erqy. It is very evident that harbours of refuge, and embaniments, and clearing au-l1 deepening rivers are excellent things per se; and | any given localfity is very willing to have & pull! at the Exchequertb obtain them. 13ut the other States, which may be less favoured, objectto the general funds. being applied to create particular advantages; sach improvements, it is Aaid, are the proper work of the several States themselves 'or private companies. But the pressure towards the Federaltreasm.y is strong, and in some:cases evell the veto of President Pierce, cancelling bils that involved such expenditure, has been overruled. These appropriations and the Kansas difficulties have been the business of tEie -ornin g sittings foi, any days. -By an excellent anrangement -the day sittigs are kept fe of speeches iiitendedfor a larger circle than the Rouse, or " caJmpaign" ad. dresses, made to damage tie prospect 'of the rival parties in the-Presidential election. Any topic would serve as a peg to hang an electioneering harangue upon, and everything* might be included in a debate, except the question thereof. The mornings, tleLrefore, are devoted to s,trct business matters, -voting, calls of the House, and pawsingand rejecting bills, with the mini7mum of discussion. But from I till 10 every evening there is a sitting for speeches onlyi,and any member may express -his views of the candidates and their parties at any length he chooses. The speeches ar& reported, and, if considered telling, are printed and circulated as election documents. That they- should be listened to does not seem to be-quite a necessity, for the evening audiences have often been very slenaer; but there is no pe:il of a " count out" and even if the assembly sink to eight or ten members the address equally'anwers its purpose. Without this arrangement, the business of the Legislature for some weeks befoie'the close of the last longsession that comes within the* President's term.of office, would be'alniost stopped by the speeches made to infiuence votes out of door-s Bat the appearmnce of the Iall -during an evening sitting is something of a contrast to its morning aspect. Then the places are filled, and as neawly every member is reading' or "writing letters, and receiving or sending off correspondence, it is a basy' scene, so active that it is difficult at first to suppose it- a deliberative assembly, with which we associate -a certain idea of quietude, of listening, orappearing to listen, evenif the speaker is afflictinghis hearers with a table of statistiics. uthisnmanner therewis,with us, a great sacrifice o. time to courtesy and exter-' nals; by the American system that time is turned to account; an immense mass of correspondence is disposed of durig a sitting; every desk is covered with books and papers, and a corps of pages, young, smart Mercuries in short jackets, are in attendance to bring in or convey out all communications; they are suummoned by clapping the hands in the Oriental manner, and are thus kept in pretty constt motion. The members do not quit their seats to hand in notices or amendments to the clerk, they are too busy. There is such an air of occupation beyond the business of the State, that the characteristics of a public office and a Legislature seem nearly equally blended. The interior of a large bank in full activity, the clerks absorbedin their ledgers, and a cashiet onhiB legAs addressing the mnager on some detectedifregularity that must be set rig;t before going furtlier. would present something of the appearance of the House in a morning sitting, when a member is speaking on a point of order. The sculphtre, marble pillars, circular galleries, crimson draperies, and the seats for the ladies, must be added to bring the iMustratinn a little nearer the reality. But still the indications of active business, and the faciliyties provided for it, predominate. It appears probable that the post commupacation between America andRuglandwillbe extended. A contract for a mnothly mail -is proposea t be given to Mr. Vanderbilt, who has just constriucted a large ocean steamer of superior power, which is expected to: make the passage in eight or nine d4w3. The committee on post offices and post-roads, after hearing the evidence of Mr. Vanderbilt, has agreed to report a bIll to -the House, asldng it to grant a subsidy of $16,000 for a mall every month, with Southampton as the port of argival and departure. The committee proposes also that the trips shall be extended to Bremen or Havre; and thatnotice shall be given of the withdrawal of the additional Pllowance ito the Collins. Line for carrying the niails between New York and LiverpooL The proceedings of the Vigilance Committee of San Francisco begin to excite some misgivings as to what may be their issue. A motion for an " interpellation" to the President on the subject has been talked of; but it is understood he declines to interfere at present. The Committee has arrested a. Judge Terry for stabbing one of its officers srho attempted to arrest an individual on its order; it has also intercepted and seized a supply of arms belonging to the Federal Government, which look5 like treason, or levying war on the State, but inay admit of explanation. The Committee is charged with the design of separating from the Federation, to set up as an independent State; but no evidence of such intention has yet appeared. It is asserted by the supporters of the deposed local authorities, that the maadministration of justice, and the impunityof atrociouseriminals, which caused the movement, were to be attributed to the 'respectable merchants and inhabitants themselves, who slirked the duty of serving on juries as much as possible, and compelled the judges to fall back on alower-cla3s of men, who acquitted everybody able to buy their verdict. If the honeet Moderates will not. undergo the labour of law and politics, both naturally fall into the power of the -unscrupulous, who are always the most active. -At last the abuses grow intolerable, and a revolt of respectability is the only remedy for them, for rascality in such a position Wi notloosea its grasp. The state of things which produces Vigilance Committees is not confined to California, though there it exists intensified. Ini New York such a movement is spoken of as not impossible, as a substitute for alleged laxity in the municipal government and the police; a Sanitary Committee of Vigilance has actually been proposed, to take the cleansing of the streets into its own hands. At Cincinnati, a few days -sfince, a secret meeting was held to organize one there, and the step, though deferred, is understood to depend only on one, contingency. It Eeems as if a steady, continued action that'-would prevent the evils . was more difficult than a violent cure when they have passed the point of endurance. v - The trial of Mr. Hlerbert, a Californian member, for the murder of a waiter at Willard's Hlotel, has just-ended in an acquittal. It was the second trial _on the first the jury could not agree , the second jury. was more easily coiuived, and the Aceusei left- the court amid the congrtuulataons of his friends. The long duration of both- trials and the repetition of aUl the evidene lessened the imtrest of the procedings ;' everybody too, felt -certain beforehand that no punishment. would be. inctced. Tho whole affair, and:especilDy th i-esult,i4saready registeGe.d among' those. incidents:-that.are daily makin3g the quarrelbetween.North and South more erceand deadly; and'already'itis booked&as somie- thing "sgood" fora~eertin - 3ount- of 1influencernthe pendin3g conflict for the'Presidericy.- Tin" UltraAbolitionists pointib -out, to the-whole of the white labouring cl , and to the Idish. population pyrticula1y,.as an illustration ho hothey areregarded by thelnen of the South, as slaves over whom they have a more than feudal powr, as. degrade'd byoil even -below the la-ol of the negro, with nianyotlier inferences of the same kind 'which will easily suggest themselves, awoud up by thequestion, "Will Irishmen vot with thepty ihat so despises them 1 rThe case Was one of those that ,will constantly occur wherever the evil practice of bearing secret arms jprevaills. That the -man wh fell wa, an Irishman was mere accident, and -it would be better :to make this homicide a tet from which simply. to denounce revolvers, than to turu it in'to a question of 48ationalitica and extr political capital out of it. It is a pity that modern chivalry does not revive the custom of our ancestors, wear swords, and adopt the code that accompanied them, by which it was infamy to draw oni an unarmed man, or to.attack before the opponient was on his defence.
STATISTIOAL ABSTRAdt FOR THB Ur7TBD KINGDOM. A stasical abstrat for the united lingdom. for the last :15 years, 1841-1855, supplies the following particulars with spect to the pat year, 1855. In -that year-the net revenue of the country amounted to 63,364,6051., and the expendi. ture to 84,505,7831., leaving a deficiency.of 21,141,1381, The Customs yielded 20,987,7521. ; the Excise, 16,389,486.; - stamps, 6,80W,605.. ;. taxe, 2,945,781. the- Income-tax, 13,718,784.;-the Pcst-office, 1,137,220l. ;.and Crownlands, 280,516!. As regards the expenditurei, there was 19,745,0591. for the army, 19,014,70ol for the navy, and 9,632,290g. for tho Ordnance; 26,83K,312. for the interest and mangement of the lNational (funded) Debt, 396,5701. for 'the Civil List, 340,9921 for Annuitiesandpensions, 149,244L for diplomatic salaries, &c., and 493,083S for law-and justice. last year the amount of. taxes reduced was 252,9601.; andthe amoun' - ixpoaed 5,225,90Qh, whilein85IBtixes to the amount of 9,954,6431 were -imposed, and only 1,2841071. reduced. Frevious to the late war the balance was an overwhelming one on the side of reduced taxation. The. balances in the Exchequer at the end of 1855 amounted to -3,68,6006., and ihe total amount of the National Debt was 793,375,1991., against775,M1,2721 in 185L Thus,the lNtionalDebtIhas, by the late war, been increased to:the extent of 18,333,927Zin addition to a net aamount .-of increased .taxEs to the extent of 14,613,483., so that,, takiji-loans and taxation together, a burden of. 32,977,410. vill Imavebeen entailed on the country, or rather the - increased -amaount of taxation (already ated), pl?u, the interest on the increased amount of debt. The total value of the imn ports into the united iliegdom. last ye amounted to 143,850,5051. against 152,591,513. in 1854. The imports included 6.278,813 quarters of grain and meal; :891,752,0021b. of cotton, and 99,300,4461b. of wooL The declared value of our exports. last year. amounted to 95,669,380., exclusive of articles of foreign Pproduce, against 97,184,7264 in -1854 The exports included 3,9f4,080h. worth of apparel, haberdashery, and millinery; 1,367,777. of ale and beer, 2,113,1771. of brass and copper goods, 2,439,432M. of coals, 27,581,278n. of cotton goods of all kinds, and 7,230,4282. - of cotton yarn; 1,019,509h of earthenware, 2,960,391l. of hardware and cutlery, 1,141,839. of leather, 4,118,924. of linen goods, 2,211,215b. of machinery; 9,472,8861 of iron and steel, 1,34,856 of siOl, e 1°, 135A9 of tit-plates, 7,717,0561. of woollen goods, and 2,024,060v. of woollen yaxm, The value of theforeign and colonial produce exportedwas 20,406,437r. The totai tonnage of British ships that cntered and cleared at Ports in the united kingdom last year avas 10,919,732, and that of foreign ships 7,569,738. The total number of ssiling vessels built last year was 865, tonnage 242,182, and the number of steamers 2S3, tonnage 81,018. There are 17,074 sailing.vessels, tonnage'3,701, 214 employed in the home and foreign trade, and 754 steaMers, tonnage 288,956. The total number of men employed on board these vessels (both steam and sailig) is 168,537. In1855 there were retained for home consumption the following excisable articles-viz, 82,368,1481b. of hope, 33,879,381 bushels of malt, 155,665,3101b. of paper, and 21,957,275 gallons of spirits. The average price of British wheat in 1855 was 74s. 8d. The quantity of vheat soldin the principal market towns in-England endWales amounted to 5,256,874 qcarters, against 3,913,927 -quartes in 1841, the year before the alteration of the sliding scale; and 4,637,617 quarters the year.after the totzl repeal of the corn laws (1847). There were coined in 185 9,008,6631. of gold, 195,5107 of silver, and 41,0911. of copper. The capital of savings-banks amounted to 34,201,7212, the reeeipts were 7,188,2111., and the jayments 7,654,1337 The average aggregate amount of promissory notes in circulation in the united kIngdom,; in 1855, was P37,00,0004. The tal population of England and Wales was 18,786,000; the births 6S5,123, the deaths 426,242, and the marriages 149,736. The total number -of paupers in England and Wales was, on the 1st of Jaiuary, 1856, 877,767, against 934.419 in 1849. In Scotland there, were 79,887; and in Ireland, 73,083 paupers-on the st of January last. The total number of emigrants was 176 07, against 323,429 in 185 4 and of these. 17,966 went to tihe llrTh American colomnes, 103,414 to the United States of America, 52,309 to Australia and New Zealand, and 3,118 to other places.
I THE LAT EXEUUTIO -AT DORCHESTER. .: TO THE EDITOR OF THE T3IES. Sir,-I am sorry that it is necesary for me to intrude once more on your important columns, but the letter of I Mr. Mallelt in !Z7ie Tmss of this diay requires some comi- ment. I am happy, however, that,-although this gentle. man has thought it necessary to warn your readera to receive my version of the "history of the case of Martha Brown ,with great caution," yet he tacitly admits thefvery chargo of partial justice vwhtih I laid against tlie Home Secretary, and exculpates hi3n on the ground that he erred on the side of mercy. My letter to yon, Sir, was simple in its details, and contained the partiHe. lars of the caso of Brown compared with that of Celo-. tina Somner. I have never said the wretched woman was unjustly executed, although I did say, public opmion was opposed to her execution. My words were-" On the justice of her sentence I ,Wll say nothing." I assert, featr lessdy, thatthere were extenuating circuamstances in the ease, and if the woman who deliberately murdered her daughter deserved a pardon, Martha Brown has been "judicialy murdered." T believe I can satisfactorily answer all Mr. fAhett's questions. First, why was not this story of the womans il-treatment brought forward at the trial ? The murder was committed on the 6th of July, and within a fortnight she had been tried and convicted. H r learned cousel, Mr. Edwards, was either entirely un. awara of the facts of the case, or he thought theIe was not sufficient evidenco against the woman to coi. vict her even of manslaughter. He rally did 3not ka w what evidence would be brought against her. I believe t e prisoner never disclosed to her counsel the very facts which, had he known, would have saved her life; and the defenco was, that there was no motive' for the comramssion of the act-that the prisoner had ever4thing.to lose , and nothing to gainbythe death e' her husband. Sho had always been a kind wife, and on the very night of thelmurder had prepared his supper, awaiting his return, the untouched food being in the house as a proof of the assertion. She denied tho charge of jealousy, which was assigned asamotive, and complained of witnesses having been brought forward at her trial of whom they had heard nothing at the prelimi^nary examina. tion. Now for tho proofs of the husband's ill-treatment-;. the first, which cannot be denied, is, that he had been with Mary D)vis, th h whom she knew he cohabited. I appeal to the feelings of your readers if anythinig cound possibly be more exciting to & womian's feelings th7n £ consciousness that hei husoband was' with a wnoman who had estrangedlhim from3her affections, and that with heShe wiYs indulging his most criminal appetites, while she 'was preparing to WelcoMe him.to a frugal meal? Again, tha medical evidence asserteathat the man was deprived of con. sciousness at the firdst blow, and, we may infer, was unable to scream ; yet screams were heard at the distance of 150 yards; and from whom did they emanate but the wretched w,oman who was enduring the merciless persecutions of her husbsnd? The whalebonewhip, or ratherthe remarns of it, were found by Wootton, tho Netherbury policeman, on searching the house; a large portion of it had been burnt. Mr. Mallett asks, where wero the marks of violence? I ask, wasthewoman's person examined? But, a.tthe coroner's investigation, she admitted maris were on her person caused by the death grasp of her husband, who "held her so tightly that she was unable to get away or call assistance," j All tha other parts of her confession -wer borne out in evidence, and on her ascending the scaffold herT remarks were, "Oh that I had told the truth, in the first place, and then I. should not be brought to this PI On the very verge of 'eternity she said her confession was trae, and I see no reason why it should not be believed. I ask, then, ill your impartial readers -if there were mot extenuating circumstances in this' case .whieh' were not to-7e found m Somnes? "lwhy, then, liberate tho coldW blooded German murderss and hang -the English.alayer of her adulterous hiusband? The er-ing in mercy in our Home Secretary is a fatal error'foe his reputation. It throwshim open at once t, charges of intring partiAl ~ julstice. If we must have lifo for. life, let not' tnat, woman who. has committed a murder 2a foul -as any we hve heard of- escape, while sanother, Who. liils a man who has just brutally maltriated her, a pys the dreadful penalty o£ the law. One:word to MrI MUet. is" it not most 'unreasonable- tosupposp that the "benevolent people7 of whom he -peTeak would pSrompt the woma i- to. falsehood? Surely he-wouId not insinuate that tile amible` chaplain. who ministered sofaithf7l;ly to her, who urg^dSher to confess the truth;who -led her tCo Wm who isthe way, the trath, and the life, co77ld sh her, much more' prompt her, to attemplito save her life by niserable falsehood. Oh no! he could not forget his sacred office, sior -ouldhe drive the poor dying woman's soulto misery for ye and for ever by tempting her t further sin- -- I am; Sir, yoin-s very resneetfollk - BlEaRY 9; coM I ZnGponlaug. i0.
COV U)T e IAf W pTcYB tred, August 18. - :S :E JOH0 a-P1r" VnM.-A1w' (Beford M..- COMiMilt&-112" PA VV-l Ine DOanaupt va a. tailor of 69, Jermyn-street, St. 3Aaiees. The fstaement of-hiiiaffairs, by =IrSe. Hiatt. commences Janu ary 1, 18A5,:wth a urpmlus o~ 3,3881, -an closesApril 19, 1856, w -ith unnecured creditors, 8 377', secured, 3711.; liahitiw '6, ; proits 2,632Z.'; g debtors, 7,8~,including numerous members of the anstocracy and officers in He3z Majest's service , doubtful debtors, %7671. -property held by. seemed-creditors, 7551. ; tradeexpenses, l.;ousoanapersonal expenses 4171.; losses, 1,148. This was the,mxxmination meeting.; - Mlr. Chidley ppeared for the binkrupkt and. Mr. Hodgkinson forv th~e.nsignees. ar. John Graham, olieitor, tendered } proof on.a ill of exchange drawn by one Beaadon aron Mr. ArthurMarshall, andourting to be cndorsed by the 'bankrupt. ' The bill faB or t r ble i three months, and he had. given 40?. for it to 3r1 ma.' - The.bankrupt, exa.minedsaid, his endorsement was xforgery. X7hiadknown.oneofthe prtiesowose names wero. on the bill two'Sears, and the other two months. Xhrshall' had asked hni to endorse the biD, and lhe thought Badon badalsoaskedhuntodoso. He was surprised at therequest and declined to affix his endorsement. The COfl1O- -The proof is disallowed, the bank- rupt's enclorsment being a, forgery. It is a just. punish-, 3nent to theholder for discounting for 40. va biU for 50; having three raonths to run. After somre further discusion, the CoaSSamo, observed that the liankrupt accots sliowed an un- u Uy favourable state of things. There were good debtors 7,0001, and othe assets to meet 8,00 of debts. What 'ws the bankrupt? - Mr. CHIEYt.-He carried on an extensive business as an The banlrupt passed hisexarointion. IN RE LYOX wa?,IUEL. On the application offfr. Stugeon, ball wasnowaccepted for this bankrupt and his release ordeed
tWTAiL CRTtZVAL CO:URT. 1S I Che August session of the~ CenLtral Criminal Co0u* corn- knenced this xorning. The commissioners present were,-- the Ilight Hon.-DA.vid Salomons, Lord Mayor ;' Mr. ItusselL G ney, _.. cno Seeazt; Alderman Sir P. laurie, Sir J. Tke, and Sir C. Marishall, Mr. Sheriff Kennedy,- 3r. Under-Sheriff Stone, Mr.UnderBheriffRose~ &e. *Theeare 3.26 prsoners for tralat this session. 'The CommaoN, BEsRiXA.sT char~ged 'uthe grand ju-r He", said he could not conLgratulate themi on the probability that, theirlibourns would be light, but, aLlthough the calendar coni-. tained a co6nsiderable number of prisoners it was not It& be taken as an indicatiosi ~of. the. increase of crime, but 'Was 'soThly owing to a lopger period than usuali. hain elapsed since the adournmnent of the Court. He was'gla tor say, that' the' character of the came was such a's fairly 'admitted. of congratulation. There were ouly -two, case inioalving.tlie destructionL of human7lift,and in botlx this offence wis only bbarged sas manslaughter; andathere wis 3fochreo urdei. to be brught before them. In. one of' these cases it appeared that theoronei's iury had enteredw rather hastily into the' investigai- al1ad retunrnea a verdict that the death-of the deceased arose from nz.tsrrl case. Th materwas, bsquently investigate by,a magistrate, and it jpneared to.hima that if thei samae fat should be proved . bef Zm them' 'that were laid 'before the -magistrate thay could' inot entertain )asy doubt that 'the': death of' the) deceased -was the result of an act. om, mitted -by the prisoner.' It.appeared, however,'that t'he deceased -had been guilty of* very great andleiitirely unprovoked -violerice towards the ..prisoner before he amsautea the. deceased, anid thle question for the grand jury to conLsider w~az whether the' ac mutdto~ the prisoner was comimitted in Ifdfence;3: if they- shouda think that this was the cas the rsner would suot be liable to a chare 'of manslaughter.. . Ifth-ey should, however, enitertain any doubt upon the point, it wo-uld, peiap- be the better cofirs fur them to find the bill, in or tat te casenmight be fully inquired into by the pettyjuy. ~The other chirge oftmanslaughter was one of amuchuroreb serious character, and appeared to be the result of a drunlken frolic of.a Tvery bararu decrption.The w'hole o6f 'the parties appearedto b intoxicated aul wie, the. deceased was lying on the deck on board a shp Nhrlae the occurrence took place, one of his comrades poured A quatit onabhover: him, anid'it -was et fire. to; ana 'the eceased was.buiiit. so severely as. to occasion his death.. T-here could be no. aoubt that. the person who committed, this act was in liwguiltyof thzeoffenco of manslaughter, and the only qu ston. they would- have to consider wAs whether the prisoner ws the manI and if that fact was niot made 'out teo their'sktisfactioni tiseywould not be juatified in returning a.bMlla gainst him. Anothier case.thst wouldlbe brought beore thei wwas a charge of child stealig of r-ather a peculiar charater. -It appeared that the persmon acmused hiad talken awa7 a child about air.' years old from its parents, not, as it would seem, for anv"purpose of treating it unkindly, but, acording t-o the_prisoner's own statement, the parents of the child were not kind. to it., and lio therefore took it away, frem' themi -with the intention -of bringing it up? 3jd teaching it his oDwn trade. The statute, however, made it an off&4~ t-o take a child from the bustody of its parntis under-any 4circumstances without -their consent;sand, therefore .if thaxt factwassmade out to their satisfaction it would bethelir uty to findthe bill. The only remainiing case to which, hecon-- sideredl it necessary to direct their attention was A,~are against a licensed victualler of having caused the'death of aperson by selln in oe oiu and,'-ndeed,oinu. drug in HieLbfthe rpirith.e ddired t6purh.: ' suggested that the act' was doneJainentionally, .but if -it shoufld be made to appear that ther had been casielesanuess and want of proper caution on the part of the accuW ed,h wouldi still bei amenable -to al Chaste .Of 3manslaughter By some old statutes there -were express regulantions with regard to t-he trade of a licensed victualle r, and-ina'rqcent case i# had beent laidd down. lint if a vitale io any-, of Mhim,hewuldbereeponsible for the conkqulenoes,-.whither the actwas done knowingly or not. The&rmnd jury,- w9tad, therefore, probably feel it their dluty in this casei to retutrn a true bill in order that the matter might - be Jully~+ii'eti-' gedbefore a judge ancl the petty jury Hi Lo 1rdship conludd by calling the attention-orf the'grand .jury:tb) thereclent act of Pariamnent under vhich the chairman- or~ any mnember of the body was empowered to swear the wihiesses who aqpearocl before them, andl he at the same time obiserved that, ilffougl in the greAmble of- the acet its ohject was stated to. be to expecite ana ini~prove the idnifuistra- ' tion of justice, hie was afraid that, so far as that Court was concerned, it woul[d hot at alfTevsents tend to expedite the business. If, howvever, it had the effect of improving the amninistration- of justice, that of course would be ample comipensation for any additional time that raight :Ve reqiedfor the disposa of the business of the Court.- The rad jury then retired to their room. Mr swn JaA3rs, QC., who was speciallyretaitiedw ith Mr. S!erjeant Ballantine to defendc Mr. C. Snape,' one of 4thi niedica officers of the Surrey Lunatic Asylumn, uDozn:a ebarge oflhaving caused theadeath of a pauper lunaticKhy keceping him for an imprope period in a shower-bath, 'ap lletote Curtto isharge the recognizances of *ThI iefendsnt. He said thaLt the prosection was institutedI by' theo ComminsiLoners of Lunacy, and Mr. Snape was bound over by the magistrate at Bow-street to appear 'to answer any charge that might be preferred against him, and the, miatter was postponed to the present session. On the .8th of August, however, Messr. Few and Co., the solicitors for the dlefendlant, receiviea a communic-ation fromn Messrs. Vanderconm and Co., the solicitors to the commissioners 'informing themi that,' in consequence of the. illness of Sir P. Theilger, who was retained by them to coiiduct the prosecution, it was not their intention to prefer any bill againist the defendant at the present session. 'Underthese circumstances he was instructed to state that Mr. Snape hadlalready suffered most severelin coseeCe of the charge that had been made'against himT.=H a been' susde from his situatlon,ise was receiving no sahay, an the dela Lwouldbheattendod with themost,-ruinous consequences. He wmamost anxionstomeet the charge and had incurredt r~at expenses in procuring the attendance of wit. nesses and wasnowprepmardto takehistria, andwhen alI theseskopshaa beeni takeniafurtherdelaywassouglhtfor,upon no other ground than the convenience of the learnedeounsel. who was to conduct the prosecution. So far as he was personally concerned, he should, of course, always be isadhv to' consult the convenience of his learned friends,, but this really was a most seriousq matter to M1r. Snaspo who was, most anxious to meet the charge, anad he thm oretrse that as no bill was intended tobhe P referred, thle Court would order the roognizaaices'oft'e defendant o be discharged. .. I I . I-. Mri. 130nsCrz,Iwho a-spmred for.thi prosecution, sai d, the facts had been coorrectly, stated by his learned friend so far as they went, but he omitted to:inLform the Court that the, trial. was postponed from the last sessioni upon the applica-' tionof the defendant. It wasconsidered bythe prosecutors that the intereats of justice,might suffer if the trial were.o tak-e place at the present session, and therefore it was net. intended top refer a bill before the grand jury,! With regard to disha=ig the recognizances of the defenidant, it seemed to him that it ~would be merely an idle cieemony, because; if the grand jury should .retuin a& true bill.against him at th&e: next, sesson the reces of the Court would inmeiately isu,adh doXbe liable tobe apprehended upon that process. 'He regretted the inconvenience the, defendant 'was'. put to, but it was one that ever peroanw eha'oiin was 'liable' to, anid-the discarging of - his recognizances would not, At all relieve hi-m from it." They were qu~ite -ready to go on with the prosee~ntion last session,' and it' was postponed 'at the request of the defendant,'and, this being the case,tifwas not at all unrsownable that it should be again; postpoel upon the application of the prosecution. Mtr. QTsx.ss said that his learned friend' talkedof~the in_ convenience to the defendant, but it realyWas a must' serious tbing.for him to-have such a charzo hanging bvier his,head. H-e hadincun-red very hoary expene .u'in recur ing the necessry witnesses, 'and the. matter was NoJf ms sr ouscnequence tohi' ThVemCosmioNSKRJ 1'Tsaid, hergretteod that`the defendant should hAve to sniffesr the inconvenience of further delay, hut he' di-d not see lioW'the dischargig of hi 1 eco nizances would xeliev hi I te r fon th bill' at t-he next session a~'warrant would beIsissed,'abd be would be brought.to the Wobrt upon that warrant, instead of apg~lng ponhis:'recognizanices p JAng o sad that' the 'granid jury possibly milght throw ouLt the bill. The~CosricN SiRrjsia?r said~ if they -did, that there would,'-of course, b6 no tia], anu-there-would be an ende,.f the miatter. He'then aaid he considered' the' defendant wpas entitled to fa'6ourable' consideration froni the fact of 'Ins readiness to take his trial, but he dlid not swe what- advantageit'woildbe to him to'discharge his recogmxtC"~ at reco w - 'nc of the witneeses 'for the presecution and to ofth efedat' and his uete were then ordered to be'enilered to the nexrt'session. -. pearedonbx ehalf of Mr. Gosling, who, it will be rememb-z stands commnitt-ed to take, his trial foU*iaemeanour. in ~adthsni cas Mtorney( *ncrl wold c ,>idnct the prosecution_ on0 balf a h ublic, and h esiu xidered the case of so mnuch importance tiht he- had obianed awrit ofv cioa ito Qeovethe tkial to thicorud of QieesBenich; ' The-&fendawtrould therefoU e mere be ro r ene r bis roogas appe e- I his trial in that cut Mr. Si9 eat BAuLANnxz sa that, on bealf. of the acesisd Zentemn, he felt )i£inefcled upon toprotes 3nic e agmo si tl removal of the ecase The trial wrsog¢ t v ie place at tlhe MiddlseemSina bult the defendant, who wa noetn4oeto«eet the Sarg and wrho had a com~swanter to the aoepaio, had himn.self removed the in -m tio tbis court, in ordertht it minghgbe more sweedilydispoeed 6f; Thi-sO wtosozneEt to try c oses r the mostserousand imporhater and he could sce no reasonhyuh a-cae as ould not be tried. Mr. Godwa i neesazd m ax 1 to bave the matterilsposed of, aud he oould have wishe thAt his learned riend the-Attorney General had been pre. sent that he could have. ppmled to him,--on behal of ithe defendant, not to cause the delay inha the atter sd of nd a blowin e such a chre ge-tom be ba over him, the euect of mhxoh.fmrstnecsarilybetoceu ie utonst miwse und pro to reduce him to the condition? of not bing able to appear wzien tho.tiimesheild arrive for the charge to be disposedodf.--- -Thea mtr o f conrsideratintied that, der the dr. martnces, the o aseinuai bereym oved, and he,- at tfe oie tome, quired 1heamnunt of recognizancei unD w,hich thse defendnt was hoind tot apdpe a Mr. Stretant Br.' : sad that the amoniit o£ hail earnt a mt erofeorusideration, as tVe iefendant as peParedto enter into anaount of e zances thCat ight tt required of hin. m i in ke frst atnee, Mhd equired tche defendant to enter rnto reeovnnoe6 to. qet extravzgant amount,annd he eould onli account tor ies doing so by the ft thiat he- wasulfering fromn ajphysical mnriti, which, in allprobahilit prevented him frou. hengthegroeertportion of-the eiidence-ta ws g-en- p~on the occasin, .or of knowing thereal nature oE the case ant be was iveating. a - -l Mr. olng and his sreides th i~eirtered into &he reqpred r eyn, h esadnnely. hiself in 4,OOOL. andtw6 sureties in 2,0003 each-ior-iis appeaance: ini the Coert ~oE Queen's Henc to take hisLtria: - - .fi- -ederick e Ooldshorug Henry Smith, two repctable lookpg men, urendered to take their trial t9 *lr. Jletcalfe n a r. Reid appearedfor the roecutionoMr. u tor aa cousel for the dPfeiaeabr. - -:: T he prosecutor of this-indistent ia -a Mr Joeenh -Georgcs. a- memaber of the iJewishzpernsicn- who, it appa, g as formerly all - dfeeiege- r an a clerkL to asn attorney, and, whosviing- aniissed some pro perty, had taken uxp bis abode -ata-uiillage - called Whittbn, near-of icenhs -The defe ats- also lived in tliesane oxillage, and itappeared that aihbrt time hack the pr- 1 .c utor purcase a bird -which -Goldsboroh claimed tojbe ism and upon thesretcntor refasingto giver p rit hiWr a . good deal . .f fill-feeling - s created, snd-Golds:boroughwss summoned befor thD in tes at shnwfost bynd hned lOs. for using threateni laignsge towrdt the -pro ecutor. -It-s ppeared4htaLamte 'ths- the defend *..esotted tio a mo0st extrordinayxnode of annoyanoe towad the prosecutor by alaon and oars on the house . *f ioldboroudir, in 'ich thd prosecutor wis describe i5 -Judas Iscaiot, an jincirczucis&l-3et,-aud- other ver oflensive, and someoef-thema veryiaRicr sepitheta,uere - rapplied to firo lAnotideis a'so muedt the effecttha a masquerade vould tank place on a ceroig nhiht and. that mtEere wod. be "fried fish- at 9 riasipo: lat.0l , -nd 'ngly- ri. u' would:thow hinisef at 1I" ad:it:oonXeluded by vaddrstse. "tna-r forte*s or cab:meni anid * pply.'t tn -onseqwencetof thse-enceedingo it appXFed 4hattheproecuto randlisfae ilyaeg -hatn.terojyooticlt by the btos and idle people of the villtae4 cdatersabje-e to the greatest pios6ible a2ow2c,ad thie defendasntsN on several occasions, announced their intention not -to desrist til they had driven the proscutor oint of the ndillce. There appearedfrom the ejidence iome ground- forbeliov -n.lug ht thie defendant Goldshorough -ws the principal mover in the ir, aonatat Smith hd been led inh it by 1!r. Rsboul addrese the jury for the de0endats a he endeavoxiedoshowbrthat-thei evidence did not -nsskout satcisfactorily that Etie. offensive -placrds, &c., .applied to -the prosecutor, and he also argued-tat, nnder any ocircum. stances, the af5air as of. a- irmnper chsancter, and more the- subject of laughter then of a-cnminal indictmen~ forLibeL. - - -.. Who julry, *withosit nyhesitation,.returned ii: verdief of GuidUy ainst both- defendants, but -recommen ded -Sm:ith to the merciful consideration of -the Gourt. omthe ground that he 3:ad been the dupee of t{he other defendant. TheOomro:;cre S sentenced GoldSloroughto be imp,riso.ned for three months, and Smith -waaoidered to qnter intio his owm recog cane t appesr and-.receive judgment if hoeshouldbe called upon todo so. .- .
l2ZMITARY AND NA YAL INTBLL IG jnQ, A le-acr from our Malha oorr-pondtnhdated Aug. 13, 'ontains the following intelligence X- - "Tho Derwent stca traLtporT arrived from Leghorn on the-0th bri0 g 13S oxen for the Commrinariat&and-left for Genoa c-n tle 12th for another cargo. iThe Fre-nch brig Bonno fuliette, - from Bona with bay, foe-the s^eepnrtment5 Seived on th&l2tle - "The Ranitius stewxt transport left for Corfo. om the .ib, eonveying lieutznant-Colonel Maude (and family) 3d - 2fs, Dr. 'Leay, Lieutenant Fitroy, ono Zion-commis- -siolxed officer and wife, and two crtsts. " The Cathesine Mior,rison bark, with British 'G oernment -stores, arrived from Constantinople on the 5th. " The ee-moe-ant steam transport arived Itom Syra en the 9th w-th stores and eight horses. " ier Majesty's steam-tugs Redple and leanty arrived from (ienkiol on the 10th, the former 1aving in tow a steranwater-tank, the latter asteam lighter. "'The steam transport ;lack toy nved on the 10thi from Rhodes, and on the eame day the steam transport Empire from Constantinople, bringing Major Cooper, -five other officers, and 278 rank and -fle eof the Land Te-insport 'orps, Dr. Linton, and Lieutenant Grier, 88th. "sHer Mlajesty's steam frigate Odracoa -arrived on the :11th from Beyrout and Cyprus. " The Norwvegian bark fertha,vdith stores for the British Government, arrivedeon the 11th ftom Constantinople. "The William jackson. naiing triasport, in ballst, passed Mata on the 11th, bound for Gibraltar, from the .?bardaellens. "The Indian Qbeen, vwth Governn;ent stores, having 6n board Lieutenant Jacob, 44th, sailed -for England -on -the 7th, folrowed on the 8th by the Riverdale t1ansport, -with naval stores for Portsmouth, in charge of Mr. Jcnes, naval agent. - " The Sardinian stmam transpor' left on the 5th for Eng- land, conveying Mr. Birnie. "Her Majesty's steam transport Simoon, left for England on the 9th ;with troops. " The bark Thamens, with Government stores, sailed for london on the 12th. The Charity steam transport left onthe same dayfor Spithea;d with troops. "The Cormorant steam transport left at- the- same time, liceuise for Spithead, conveying Dr. CosteLlo, Royal navy. "HEer Majesty's screw-steam frigate Enrotasleft for Eng -land on the 10th. "The sailing transport ship Mary Pleasants arrived from Constantinople on the 11th, bringing O1 anALes, and 37 French officers, non-commissioned officeTs, -and p2ivates. "The American ship hlataro, with stores for the French Goverument, errived at the same time, also from Constantinople, and left on the 12th for Marseilles. *- Tho Nesnolitan schooner Catarimia, with rum, &c., from Constantinople, for the same account, arrived on the 12th. " The Industry, English brig, with preserved meats, and the Austrian brig Massimo, -with stores,-bbth for account oi the French Government, left -on the 7th the latter for Marseilles, the former for Cork. "The ship John Baring left for Marseilles on the 9th, with a cargo of barley and oats for account of the Frenen Government. " The American bark Undine, -with biscuit, left for Cork or Falmouth, for orders, on the 10th; and on the l1th the English bark Catherine Greene and the French brig Narcisse Marie, with barley, for tho same destination, all on the same account. " The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket Indus, arrived from Alexandria on the 10th, maming on board, among otherpassengirs, for Southampton, Her Majesty the Queen Mother of Ond3, and his Royal Highness Prince lerzra Hallu Ahud Bahadoor, the heir apparent, attended by a suite and retinue of no less than 97 individuals, male and female, whose passage-money alone is said to amount to 8,OOOI. Captains Ardale, Berthon, and Hcpper, iseutenants Bird and family, Johnston and family Wish, Watson, Wilson, and Phillips; for Malta, Lieutenant Colo'an- and for Marseilles, Captain Hough and LieuenasTt stchians; the latter went on in the Votis steamer, belongintothec sarme company, conveying theIndin overland mail. The Indus left for Gibraltar and Soathampton on the same evening, conveying, likewvise from MIalta, DeputyCommissary-General WFarlan and family, Captain Gla'on, and Lieuatenant Alban. " The hlersey sand the Simois, French postal steamers, arrived dircot from Marseilles on the 10th, and left on the same afternoon-the former for Alexandria and the latter for Syra, Smyrnaf and Constantinople. "IThe Oronte, French postal steamer, arrived at the samec time from Ma1rseilles, the continental ports of Italy, and lMessina, and leaves on her return voyage to-morrow . " The Earl of Durham steamer left on the 8th inst. for Zante, with a cargo of coals from England. "The Thessaiia steamer arrived from Alexandria with a genernlc3ro on the 9th, and left on the same evening for l.iverp, conveying Captain and MWrs. Bardon. "The Sovereignsteamerleft for Tunison the same day with a few goods and 27 passengers. "The Grecian steamer arrived from Liverpool on the 10th, and left on the following day for Syra and Constantinople. "The Scamander steamer arrivedfrom Alexandria on the 11th with a general cargo, and left on the same day for Liverpol. " The Lady Sale and the Eglington steamers, from Constantinople, with general cargoes, arrived on the 12th. " The Armenian screw steamer l6Et on the 11th for patra& Yesterday being the anniversary of the birthday of HEs Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Austria, and the Austrian figate R.adetzky being zltPortsmo-utb, a general Royal salute -was fired at noon by Her Majesty's and the Sardinian and Dutch ships at Spithead, and the flagships Victory, and St. Vincent, in Portsmouth harbour, hoisted the Austrian Royal standard at the main during the zeremony; the Garrison Battery also fired. The Royal Victoria Pier was dressed out in fags, and a grand banquet took place on board the Radetzky in honour of the occasion. In tIhe evening the Austrian, Sardinian, and Dutch officers attended a ball in their honour at the King's Rooms, which was brilliantly attended by the naval and military authorities, the foreign consuls, and the hest society of the neighbourhood. This evening' the Sardinian officers will be entertained at the Government-house by Major-General Breton, the governor of the garrison. The captain and staff of the Dutch frigate De Ruyter and M-- A. L. Vandenbergh were entertained by the Port-Admiral, Sir George Seymour, last evening. The Albatross steam transp4rt, No. G9, from Constantinople, Malta, and Cadiz, arrived at Spithead yesterday, from Cadiz, which she left on the lIth inst., having on board 60 officers' horses from the Clarendon, which was grounded in Cadliz Bay, and the following officers:- Lientinant Kildahl, 72d Highlanders; Captain Smith, Land Transport Corps; Assistant Commissary-General Gardner, Deputy Assistant Commissary-General Green, Cornet Craig, Land Transport Corps; Messrs. Vsher and Burton, Commissary's Clerks; Dr. Hamilton, in medical charge, anid 103 non-commissioned officers and men of the Land Transport Corps. Her Majestys steam-frigate Dauntless, 24, Captain Ryder was taken out of deck at Portsmouth yesterday after refit, and the Act,eon and Perseverance taken in. The whole of the troops of the Chatham garrison, consisting of the Royal Marine Light Infantry, under command of Colonel Anderson, and the provisional batta. lion, urder command of Colonel Phillips, and the Royal Sappers and Miners assembled yesterday and proceeded to the fieldworks with their bands to take up their different positions, for the purpose of going through their respective duties in the siege operations which take place this day (the 19th) in the presence of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief. The general attack will be made on the Redan; the lodgment will be destroyed by the mines of the garrison, which will contain about 1201b. of gunpowder. His Royal Highness, previons to the siege, ,ill mispect the troops of the garrison, containing about 7,400 men. The operations for the commencement of the siege will be about I p.m. The intrenched works extend over 25 acres of )and. The firing from the batteries, parallels, and ride pits Will be on a grand scale. The Gorgon, 6, paddlewheel steamsloop, Commander George W. Towsey, arrived at the lcre on Sunday last, at 8.30 p.m., from Plymouth and Portsmouth, and at S.30 a.m., yesterday, steanme into Sheerness harbour. - She has brought round marines and seamen. At 11.20 a.m., yesterday, the Lizard (steam tender to the Waterloo), Lientensit Commander Thomas B. Christopher, got up steam, and went alongside the Gorgon, where she took on board the marines for the Chatham Barracks, and supernumeraries and volunteers for ships fitting for immediate service at Chatham. The Gorgon has brought round for the Wasp, screw steam sloop, Commander Stirling, one petty officer, and nine A. B.'s and, ordinviry seamen. The Wasp has taken on board all her sea stores, except slops, which cannot be issued to the paymaster until her destination is known. The Gorgon left Sheerness yesterday afternoon with marines, brought round from Plymouth and Portsmouth, 'who belong to the Woolwich division. [-The Vigiant, 4, ECreW steam gunvessel, Connnander WilliamArytage, is under telegraph orders from the Admiralty to proceed to Portsmouth immediately her compasses are adjusted, and to wait there for final orders as to her future destination. The Retribution, 28 guns, paddlewheel steam frigate, Captain Thomas Fisher, is ordered to be paid off at Sheerness on the 23d inst. Several ofiicershlave joined her under her nevr counmission. The Scyl-l, 21 guns, screw steam corvette, was taken into No. 1 dry dock at Sheerness yesterday, to be brought foeward for immediate active service. The B wvke, 60, sECrew steamship, chief engineer John M'Kie, has been taken into the mastingbasin and dismasted, preparatory to her being placed in the steans squadron o° reserve at Sheerness, undel- charge of Captain Halted, in command of the Edinburgh. - - New boilers, weighing over 21 tons each, were landed yes torday at Sheerness for the now secrew steamship Renown 63f 9S guns arid 80-horse power, now building at Chatham In cwnsequdence of the constant fiEng up of the rmiddle elischarging basin and camber at Sheerness, which now prevents vessels of moderate draught of water entering tobo dis charged, thb Lords g the Adm3iralty have entered into a bont-trt th III. Thomas Stutely, merchant, of Sheerness, for the removal of not less thau 18,000 tons of mud from the basin and camber. A powerful muod engine was yesterday LeAto wovrk, by wYhich 330 tons of r4ud per hour can Le put into barges. The work will be completed ir'10 weeks4 and when 4one ships drawingfrona 1 to 16 feet of water will ba able to bee taken in for the disahrrge o£ their cargoes.. The Insolent gunboat, lent for particular serviceto bhe Bloard of Trade, has nearly completed her fitmtent tiNcT. 5 dry dolsh at Sheerness; the is to-be under civil Cl.arge, with a crew of merchant seamen. ' Major-General Sir W. F. Williaw.s, comniaudanrt of Woolwich garrion, after ispecting the guard mounting yesterday on parade, officially received a party of 1- cadets transferred from the Royal Artillery College for dispisal in service eompanies. Her Majesty's ironi piddleiwheel steam vessel Anteiope was yesterday taken into dry dock at Woolwich to undergo a thorough overhauL The paddlewheel steam troopship Dee was yesterday haled out of Woolwich basin, and, it being the desire of the authorities to put hfr. Wethered's superheating steam appa.rtus to zome additiona. exprerimental trials, she proceeded down the river for that purpose. The Paiama sailing transpor, No. 109', arnved atWoolivich yesterday from Balaklava, with anchors and dockyard gear. She is to enter the outer basin of the dock-ardto discharge. The sailing transport Mary Davidson, No. 1905 C, arm(ved at Woolwich yesterday, sandhas entered theVictoria'D6cks to discharge Tower stores from the East. The transports Clio andlBarretto JTunior arrived at Wool. vich on Saturday-witn Ordnance stores 'from the East. The sailing transport Libra arrived at Woolmichatthe same time, and, having a cargo of Tower and victualling stores on board shc entered the Victoria Docks to discharge. The freight.ship Barlington having cleared out has likewise entered the Victoria Decks. * The Zebra steamer, vrecked at-the Lizard-Point, broke in two at 5 p.m. on the 16th inst.; about the forward engineroom, owing to-the strong east wind and heavy ground swell which had set in, and to which she was compIetely 'exposed. Had- the weather eentinued -moderate there was great expectation of saving her, all -machinery ansd necessary appliances being on the spot-for nse after the blowing up of the rocks under the starboard bilgo had been accomplished. Assistant-Surgeo J, Lrvine,m SD., 37th Regiment, has received orders to embark at Southampton to-morrow on board the mail steamer for Ceylon, for the purpose of joining the head-quarters of his corps. Dr. J. R. Taylor, C.B.,. Deputy-Inspector General of Hospitals, medically inspected 90 convalescent invalids yesterday at Fort Pitt, Chatham, the -whole of whom had been invalided home fromn the Crimea and India, and were found unfit for further service. The following is the number of non-commissioned officers and men beloiging to the Indian depots at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, who will embark to-morrow morning for Bombay to join the head-quarters of their respective regiments,-viz. 64th Regiment, 3x non-commissioned officersand men; 74thRighlanders, 45 men; 78th Highlanders,65menof allranks; S3dRegiment, 68-men; 86th Regiment, 52 non-commissoned officers and men; -total, 275 non-commissioned officers and men. First Lieutenant 3L. H. Pride of the Royal Marines, Light Infantry, embarked yesterday on board the Higiflyer, in command of the following detaehment :-1 bugler and 10 privates of the Divisional Companies, and 1 sergeant, I corporal, and 15 gunners of the Artillery Companies of the Royal Marines. On Saturday morning-the Admiralty steam yacht Osborne and the mortar frigate Forth, 12 guns, arrived in Kingstown harbour from Cork. The Osborne conveys Sir _Iharle, Wood and Admi-al Berkeley, who are at present engaged in the annual inspection of harbours. On Sunday a telegraphic message was sent to Cork by the Lords of the Admiralty, ordering the four gunboats which are at present stationed at Cove and a gun-brig to depart for KingstoBwn. They were to arrive on Monday, when there is to be shell practice outside the harboar. Sunday morning, at 32 o'clock, the steam transporlstamboul, No. 90, Captain Cole, arrived in Kingstown harbour from Porbsmouth, with the 33d IDuke of Wellington's) Regiment, and a portion of the 50th. The 50th Regiment, the first of the army which left Ireland for the Crimea, has returned to do duty in Dablin. The following is the force disembarked from the Istamboul Belonging io the 33d :-Lieutenant-Colonel Johnstone C.B., Lieutenant-Colonel Mundy; Captains Barrett, Wallis, and Cars; Lieutenants Rogers, Montmorency, Johnstone, Ball, Campbell, Toomi orbes, Graham, BenwAel, Balby lIotham, Rcoberts, and Cross; Fr-ign Aylmer; Adjntant Toseland, Paymaster Thompson, Quart^rmaster Vyde, Assistant-Surgeons Ogilvie and Clarke. 612 men, with 11 women and eight child:on. Belonging to the 50th.-Captain Blackal), Lieutenants Clarke and the Hon. E. Chetwynde, Ensign King, and 253 non-commissioned officers and privates. There wero also5 officers and 30 men of the 47th, 2 officers and 22 men of the 62d, and 20 men belonging to the Coastguard. The steam transport Pacific left the North Wall on Sunday morning for Liverpool, having on board the depOts of the 15th and 96th Regiments, consisting respectively of 10 officers, 22 sergeants, and 289 men, and 7 officers, 20 sergeants, and 185 men. On Tuesday (this day) -the depOts of the 82d and 90th will leave Kingstown by the Istamboul for England. Colonel Tinley, a field-oficer, has been ordered to Nernagh awith 400 3men, on the promulgation of the finding of the recent court-martial. The official notification declaring that Limerick shall be no longer a military district was received on Saturday evening from the Horse Guards. The following appointmEnts were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Commander C. S. S. Stanhopo to the Royal Albert; Lieutenant J. C. D. Odevaine, to the Victory; W. C. Buck master, to the Medusa; H. C. Davy, paymaster, to the Medusa; Hemry Loney surgeon, to the Medusa- William Kellett, mate, to the 'maenia; F. W. Prosser, rmidshipman to the Centurion; H. W. Skene, midshipman, to the Centurin; W H. C. Selby, naval cadet, to the Conqueror; F. R. H. eorke, naval cadet, tothepImpregnable on. Sa. Foster, naval cadet, to the Amethyst; C. . Macdonall, midship. man, to the Camnilla t. h. Fisher, midsinman. tWthe Highilyer; F. H. Heley Entchiuson, mnid6hipman, to the Hi3ghflyer. The following apcointmnts weore made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- C. D. Macdouall, midshipman, to the Camilla, J. A. Fisher, midship man, to the Highflyer - F. W. Holy HTutchinson, midshipman, to the Highflyer. The officers of the South Devon Militia, recently disbanded at Plymouth, have presented to the garrison chaplain, the Rev. George Langmaid, a silver salver in acknowledgment of his kindness to the sick in hospital, to the children and adults of the school, and for his constant attention to his duties while the South Devon has been stationedin the district.
I| A PLEA FOB THE OLD GUABDS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -la the byways of London and its neighbourhoodI live a few invalided Guardsmien-warrdors of the Alma and of Inkermann-maimed watchers in the winter trencheswho, after bearing the heat and burden of the day, have been forced by wounds or disease to lay aside the red jacket for ever. If the generousEnglishmen-wvhohavebidden the "Brigade" just hiome from the Crinmea to a banquet were to extendI their hospitality to these heroic pensioners of that brigade it would be a kindly, a most graceful act. I am. sure Grenadiers, Coldstreams, and Fusileers would relish their dinner none the worse because somee of their old comradee ate, dranl and were merry among them. | ~~~~I am, Sir, your obedient CRVlnATf£ A AFOUPCLASPEDi M1tA. l ADg i.
EDIORIA.L COuRnzyxS m A1amptJcA-One of the favourite arguments of the advocates of the duello is, that where the obligatior of personal " aatisfaction" is acknowledged it begets a decorum of manners and a courtesy of expression highly conducive to social refinement and a chivalric tone of societv. A remarkable exemplification of the effect of the duello is occasionally exhibited by our editorial brethren down South. Those chivalric papers of Richmond, Virginia, the Wliig aud the Enquirer, vhose former editorsfought one of the most savage duels afew years since that the history or dielling makes any mention of, are just now engaged in a war of blackguardism which most be closed by personal coroaat with some sbarper instroments than the steel pen. Both of these papers have bestowed the highest encomilums upon Brooks forhis assault upon Senator Sumner. The Enquirer recently alluded to the W7ig in these highfiown terms:-" The sheepish spirit of a stricken conscience is 'cetrayedin every word and syllable of the paragraph. Its disgusting egotism and vulgar taste are altogether worthy of the writer's reputation. A man -who scribbles under the habitual inspiration of refuse whisky, whose daily contributions to the pablic press consist of the lees of last night's revel; whose gramnmar would conLdemn him to the 'foot' of the class in an old field school-house; whose literature is limited to a familiar acquaintance with the labels on the brandy bottles-he to talk of editing a decent newspaper i. This, indeed, is ' sublime iWpudence.' Beaten in argumentw convicted of every sorVof inconsistency' ansd self-stultification, driven into a corner and pinioned there beyond the nower of escape, the editorof the }iyg has our permission to indulge his low-born instincts in lowllunnp bravado." O£coarse the W7iig replies in a similar itram, to whih its antagonist rejoins with incrdasedmigourl and bitterness. Aainlng worse than this could niot pjes- I sibly be exhibited, eveo where personal satisfaction-is never demanded nor given. Aem York Tmi5mes. Lord John Russel aama family a-rived at Vevay on the 12th inst. Hix,-dsiIp will return to ringland to attend to his Parimenta duties in all Probability before the close of 'ebrnary certainly before tasier.' I ~ ~ i.
t E L 2AL COLLIERY -ACCIDET lAt - sUTa WALE&I . . * Ths 'cotrete * ON TYPMIUB, Aug. 18. ThI3 1zotractea inqmrY =was procedeA with this mon'ing befere ]fr. G. Overton, coroner 'fo- the Merthyr 'distriot. inconsequence of the great ilhLemency of the -weather.it was found impossible toTreCain in the open shed wvhich had Vein erected for the PusThoses of the :investigation, and an adjournment therefole tiok place to the large ioom of the Butchers' Anns TLn, which was speedily Crowded. Mr. PoeIdea again appeared to watch the case on the pasit of the Homeoffice and assist' the coroner,sand Mr. Huddleston, of the Oxcford Circuit,- for Messrs. Insole, the proprietors of Cymmer Colliery. -Mr. Owsen conducted the case for the coDiers. On the assemabling of the jury at half-paat 10 o'clock; The Coroner took the opportuty of stating,-that-since theinvestigation had commenced he had received'a vast number of letters from gentlemen in all parts of the kingdom offering various suggestions for the -ventilation of mines. As they had no bealing on this parti6rar case he could not advert further to them, neither could he under- - take to answer them. - He -would state, however, for the information of the persons sending them that they would - be laid upon the table, and facilities would be gien to' any persons interested in the ventilation of mines-to pruse - t;hem. The examination of Mr. Owen's wituesss ewas then' continued. :Ebenezer Salatbiel stated that he was a collier, and on the night preceding the explosion was woiking' in the Clymnuer pit. The g.as in Griffith Williams's heading pro-. ceeding from the rider fired a rlittle that evening betwYeen 6 and70o'clockc,but he ouald not tell whether it did any1mischief to the doors. As he was comning out from his worok he noticed a' kind of fod in- the place where the air wen,t from. the level to 'Jacob's-heading.- a s-mall airway called the "l]ittle heading>} ho did n.;, knowY what it was, having never seen such a thing basor: David Jones, the fireman, was with them before theye o. '- from the heading, and called out to them from the p?2h's:''i of David Morgan's stall to tell themnnot to go; int. first stall; that there wvas fire in it. Henry $4-Jatbiel, 'Thomas Eidmunds, David Jones, and witne?a v t.* toget-hex to 'hc~ mnouth of the pit. Borne converY -.; '-, :lac' abiTtthe fog, and David Jones- sa:u I~ -' iml iniow wh'at' it was,- but he thouzght t)'ero statd dn<tugei im it. They told him that they c' a n * s'it-tlst'iee h;eMs; no one tried it wvith the lamp. On t' u sisoiing otteri the cx:ulosion witness asked Dasvid Joists whod yM goinlg to ork inthNt stall, but nothing more t'Pas saaid at the time they wecro in the mnine. He had heard that2 one 'Of thersen nameFdW;illiam Thomas wvas going. to wtork intt hat stall, adin< reply tobiTsquestion David-Jones hid that- hdl did at&t tel William Thomas about it,. but he had told' lior"ari Rowvlands, because that was their 0rule. -'Be did not 'Wowv of his own knowledge thaf William Thomas was killled in iDavid Morgan's stall, because ho was not there ar^tervards to see- - - -By Mr. I;vans.-Coning through the- fog iwe noticed nothing more thannuseurln the candle, but he was noticing it between 3 and 4 o'clock. on the morning before the explosion. The candle at that time:-vras fixed -on the face of the coal in4 the straight heading, and it- wvas flaming up towards the top more than wns]a, he thought; from the effect of firedamp. iHe told Henry Salathiel that his candle was flaming ver-renuch, and asked himr whati wa>s The matter with its HTis reply was, " There's a little of the nature of fire in the coal; I suPpoese t 'flagag'-towards that." W=itness said nothing more, bat looked to sce if the current of the air passed as usual, and, after looking both a,ides of the tram, and finding it did, he took it easy t,hen. The candle w;as" flagging" a goed deal more thin usual that morning, because there-was a great deal of iire in the coal there. t By the jury.-I had heard that- William Thomas was going to wvork in David Mtorgan's st;all, hut David Jones did not tell me co on the morning after the explosion. I don't mnow from whom I herd -that Thomas was going to that stall, hut I heard at the pit, after the explosion, that be was groing there. Had found the greatest deficiency of air when turning Salathiel's heading. By,bIr. Owen.-Thc strength -of the fog -that nmorning fas up above, andrHenry Salathielcarliedthe candle down y hlis thigh; that is the usnal way to carry the candle, and it was not because of the fog that it was so carried. y the Jury.-I have never seenahe candle without a cap to it, but it is worse in some parts of the colliery than The other. There is fire in ethry part, but lees in the South Wales than in other headings. I have not worked n any other part ex;cept beyond- the -"fault," -and a little in the South WVales. I cannot toll the length of the cape on the candle in the wvorst part, because wvhile turning the htading I worked with safety lamps* the coloar ofrthe cap was between blue nd grey. I havonevercom Wlained of the state of the air except when I was tuning Salathies heading, about 10 months ago. I thencom plained to the fireman, MIorgan Rowlands, and means were taken to improve the air, which was better afterwards I have worked in the Dinas and other pits in that dingle, and have seen fire in all of them. The cap was less in the Casdmer than the Dtnas, because there was more fire in the latter pit. By Mr. DiEkenson.-I cannot say what was the length of the cap upon the candle on the night bureceding the explosion, but particularly noticed it"' flagging" up. By the Coroner.-I was startled a little when I sawv the cap, but I was satisfied after lookin to see if the air passed. Idid not atndch serious importace at any time to there being a cap on the aandle, provided air was passing By Mr. Owen.-aWhen the airs weak it sometimes briugs foul air with it, and causes a cap on the candle henry Salathiel corroborated the evidence of the last witness, and stated that the fog noticed that morning extended from the little heading to John C-emawr's. He thought nothing about iiredamp, the candle not being affected by it. B3y Mr. Dickensom.-I have seen a capton the candle every day since I have been working in the co tery. Occasional l it is an inch and a-half in length, and sometimes less. think there IS some danger whenthereis a cap on the candle but did not complain because I thought the danger was not sufficient. I never mentioned it to the fireman. Griffth Williamy was nhet called.-imThis witness had advanced 62 yards in the colLiery when the explosion took p lace,the ire passingover him. Terdescribng at great sengh the appearance of the itne after the catastrophe. he said,-A month previous to the explosion d illiam Thomas worked in the next stall to me in Charles's, and I remem. bernhis sendingaboyto me to ask se to goto hisstall. When I wentesaidhe wasafraid to work there because of the fire. I askXed whether he had seen the firemen t-day, and had no answer. I put the candle in the corner of the goaf to see if these waas air passing there. I found there was, and said, "Thercis air passing here, boy." I then took th candle and moved it horn one side of the atoll to the other to try the air and the candle had ainad look; there woas a large cap on it and that "flagging" (mounting towards the roof.) -It was nearly three inches high, and rather blue. I told ihim no to -work any more there; that I would not on the oface of the stall until he had cut the to on. I then wrent aw.ay, leaving him ini the stall. Wzdliam Thomias was not killed in the explosion, having left the work beforo it occurred. I knowv HezekiaIh Davies. On the Thmrsday before t.he explesion becoame to my stall and asked, l"How is the air with you here? There is no air with me." "Don't say so," said I. "No, there is none, -indeed," he replied. I asked if he had seen Rowlands. HIe said, "-Yes, and he had told hin that there was famouns air in Grifith Williams's heading. On tryan it they could hardly see it moving between the goaf andthe face of the he eading. and there was a cap two inches in length On thentop of the candle, Davies afterwards told him that he had been from -his stall to Wiltam Thomas's stall, through the wind aye and the candle did not move at alLi w The witness was still uder examifnation when the midday adjourrnment took place.
THE COLLIERS' STRIKE AT BARNSLEY. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIhES. Sir,-Would you favour the committee of the colliers now on strike at Barnsley by inserting the following reply to a letter reccntly issued by the proprietors? Yeour so domg will greatly oblige (we trust, for the lt time) the men now on strike. The proprietors state that " Mr. Minto is not the manager, but underviewer, acting in all respects uponthe instructions of Mr. Woodhouse and Mr. Brown."r If such be the fact, and seeing that Mr. Woodhouse only partially goes through the pit some two or three times a-year, Mr. Brown, in ordering Mr. Minto to build up the "stopping" which caused the explosion on the 2d of June, we consider has s ehown himself, despito his long experience and the great confidence reposed in him, an unsafe man to work under. The proprietors lay great stress on the report oi Mr. Morton, the inspector, as to the safety of the pit, its good working condition, &a. A circumstance with regard to this has only come to the knowledge of the deputation, who upon that occasion waited upon the inspector; within this last week, and which wMi we trnst, considerably mnodify the opinion then given, as it clearly showsv that both M. Morton and the deputation were deceived by Mr.' Minto's statement, that there was a proper "leakage" left at the "stopping," the truth being that there' waa po~sl tively none, which the mnan who mad e the stoppingWis xlow readytoprove. Woewouldalso state thate M Moriton es unable to inspect one-tenth of the workings as Barker, the fire-trier" of that portion of the pit where, the ethlSion took place, having had his clearanespaper givenh'nTy othe acting proprietor, refused to accompany the deputation, as lie could have Pointed out the dangerous carts of.the work-. ings. The proprietors now refuig us all wrequire-vis., our cclcearance psparr," to which wre are folly entitled, seeing that we have never signecl any agreement to give notice,-we leave the public to judge of the lind feeling of our late employers; for, if ;ee have signed any agreement, why do they -not take the propr legal steps -to compel us to return to our work? Rtl eey had the power, there is vary little doubt that they would hav acted upon it long ere this. In couclusion, we assert oatonce commeonce wosre underany ua lifiedn mto thet ,pdrooprietors may ppont;forsofrfrm wehigtobecome"ittr, unnecessarily jeopardized ay. , y ,-.ncompeter, W e remain, S7ir, your very obedient and obliged servants, (Signed by order of the Commiittee,) Uq. TLIOMBU.N. The Medit-erranean Electzic elegraphic Company has cbrn.' municated the following :-4'~Zv a despatch received' fronm Ir. Brett, and dated Saturday, 'Agust 16, near tho Isle of Galits, on the AlgerLan coast, he sends inteigence of his arrival wvith the cable and communication in excelet condition, after having succesfully pawsed deths e f 2,000 metres. Between this point and lena the wa r is qnlyl5 fathocs deep. TLe currents and fogs Compelled the vessel to go out of her course, and nstea4 of reaching Galiti at 8 o'clock in the morning she did not arrive till 6 ' k in the evening. 31L Delamarche andl the ccmmauldsnt of the Tartar have gone to Bona to procure nmaterialsfor fa.stening the cable on the Isle of Gahita, and a despatch has been sent to Londonx to order a cable of 'sfficient Jength to reach .on." , .
I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMfES. --SlrniThitg, a- I do, the inexpedieicy of all un. rnecessary ohanges- inathe manner in 'which spi±itual-instruo tion is`admiistred to the people of thil,and, -I cannot 1et : the emmk made on the sbject of. a "new version of the Bible;" by Dr. Cummieg, pass without comrnent. There is ai ultra-Protestant t*an'Li those remaurks Wshic gives one' the notion ofbibliolatry or inere book wvorkaihip.- -But had Ench a spuit influenced ourReformers, suelywe-should have had no translation: at all. That translafion was :sn excellent one then, but why shut bur. eyes to its defects in th,e n1th century ? Does not Bishop Sanderson, in the preface to our venerable Common Prayer, speaking of the varlations in 'the bo of '1662'fiomi the former boolk, say that some of them were uxade."for the more properexpressing of- somiv words br Pihases 6f incient usage in terms m'rore sutabletothelnguaOeofthe prebent'timesP'auddoeshe notreferdirec',.yaftertoanew.translationoftheBiblefollowed in theEpistlek and Gospels?But allthose .changes tookplace -,within a far less interval of time than that-which septmtes us from 16O. Consequenlly Dr. Cqming7s ostentatious parade of names of translators of th3t time can-have . but little Weight. Bentley was as great, .ssholar.As everBu&g-: land will produce, but his:cdition of .H orrce is not nowithotextbool; in: the nuiversities. -Languaga alters; new 3ISS. ' oP great vlu (as- the' Alexandrian) are found and edited;' the genius of the Hebrew-ha-k . (noetw,th-standing tho'se redoubted names) has P. .) . .-properly enteredinto since the daysof:-Ses : ;,-L ?3W Testa-ment, similarlY, jE= ,ronly evena now bgsibsg .undemsood 'with .precisio!w. TirMe-is . fallacy' ranningIntbtughh all Dr. n,NzdLug's '-xremarks respecting t'he kind, ofI.dcom- ...:ruda,iin given by his authorities.. They pxLe.s tim.styleo, of our version, but they do not, guarantee irs entire as'auracy. Bishop Lowth,: one of his authorities, says expresOly in another passage that , a -new tramslation is :'wnted. (PrdiinxaryDisscrtation onlsaiaix, p. 72.) -There is some apparent sense in what your correspondent remarks of the force of early associatious ; but let me ask him, is it not better to enlist. those noble .ftehings on behalf of truththan of error? .Andis not all improvement to be effected sLt for themere sake of the present generation, but for tlhat of potexrity? Is' not. history waiting -to see what we of: the 'presint generation: are doing ?. 'When he says that sonmi parties holding '- peculiar doctrinal views are very.anxious to see this subject carried out," he makes an. unfortunate Admigsion that.he fears his own views being brought to the test of an impartial and'enlightened revision. Sorely, if the Greek and Latin classic - authors can be literally and yet elegantly rendered without bias or partiality, it would not be a difficult matter to found upon our version-excellent as it is in point of style-a revision such as would maintain all its beauties and remedy its necessary defects. .A31other departments arre improved. to sit the progress of mankind from one gen'eration to another; are we to bs for ever debarred from progress in religious truth, because of the scruples of . men who unconsciously destroy the authority Of Scripture by ,Zolizing a private,standard of their own ? I am, Sir, your obedient servant, :IH. F. VW.
.BISHOPS AND CURATEs. TO THE-EDITOR OF-THE TIMES. Sir,-I fear to encroaeh on your columns a second time but when you have read this letter I think you -will allow that I have cause. The last number of thc Bccleiastical Gazette contains 30 advertisements from clergymen in search ofcurates. Oat of this number one only-offers -100. ayear, there is one at 901., one or two at 80l., and the rest rapidly fall from 701. down -to 261., wvith a small furnished house, where the rector is non-resident. One is unique. It offers 601., with the use of the rectory house, the curate to buythe rector's furniture at a valation of 3601. ! Anothergives 701. in a parish of nearly 6,000, where there is daily service. And this, too, in a town in which of course the expense oF lodging and living is comparatively high. The applicait in this case is moreover precluded from increasing his beggarly income, for he is required to be "active, zealous,-fond of schools,andparochial visiting, andwillingto devotehis whole timetopastoralwork vwithinthe parish." Some of these offers are avowedly addressed to men of "private fortune," and in them there is either no stipend given, or it is so small that shame prevents its publication. There arenot less than seven which give only 501. a-year, or half what is- expected bytrained national schoolmasters, and much less thanis given to a respectable commercial clerk, wvhose education is infinitely less costly than that of a clergyman, and- wh6, in addition, enters on his calling at least eight or nine years earlier than the parson. I do not asl;, are the above sMms suficient remutneration for the work Derformed, but are they a fair interest for the amount sunk in an emnensive school and college education ? We hear indignation and pity expressed, and justly so, when ladies are insalted by the offer of 201. a-year, with board and lodging, in return for instruction in the high accomplishments required in the present day; but the curate, on o0O, or even 701., wrho, after payment of rent and housekeeping expenses, and the charges incidental to his calling, has 201. a-year for clothes andlaundress, presents an unparalleled example of domestic economy. The question resolved itself into this :-Are we to consider our curates as professional men labouring in their yocation for a iust reward, or are we to consider them as a "mob of gentlemen who preach at ease," and who take orders as a means of supplying a pleasant occupation? If the latter, then the question of stipend assumes an aspect of very trifling importance; if the former, then let your readers cry shame on the present state of things, or else con. fess that their moral sense is somnewhat blanted. Sydney Smith used heartlessly to joke about the fear of a "rising of the curates." Were such an event to hbappen, would there not be sufficient reason for the strike ? NL 3O.
THE STBIKE AT KEWCASTLE-OHPYKE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read in your journal of to-day, for the first time, the account of the strike of the stonemasons, at Newcastle-on-Tyne, for a weekly half-holyday. As honorary secretary of the society which had the honour to originate the present half-holyday movement, I would beg permission to say that the conduct of these nien, as thus reported in yourcolumns, has producadin my mind but onie feeling, that of the deepest regret. I feel assured that such, too, wil be the light in which it wlhl be viewed by everv gentlemain -with vhom I have the pleasure of co-operating, and indeed by every enlightened friend of the cause. In my opinion, no single thing could have occurred so likely to retard the movement, which previously was progr,ssing so satisfactorily, neither could anything be more thoroughly senseless than the proceedings of these men. I say " senseless," being at a loss to conceive how, upon any intelligent principle, the concession of a weelay half-holyday can be demanded as a right. We have invariably sought it as a boon-&hs one, indeed, not calculated to entail much, nor necessarily any, sacrifice upon masters; but stiU it has ever been looked upon by the London Association purely as a boost. I feel quite certain that the distinguished persons who, with so much of disinterestedness and ability, have advocated the cause at our recent public meetings wrould never have tnus identified themselves with the movement but from the belief that they were thereby reaUy fostering a more genial feeling between the great employers of labour and the labourers themselves-L--the surest pledgo of the prosperity of bot.h. As one who claims some right t be considered as a friend of the industrial classes, I sincerely trust that the woridng men oI England, so far from copying,4will do aU that in them lies to discountenance the insubordinate and suicidal condLct which has occasioned this letter. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. J VILdL, WALL kron. Seoretarv of tCho FR-o uIo-ing and Saturday Half-holiday AssociaI 5, Ludgate.hif, Aug. 18.:
THE CASE OF MR. CORT. TO THEEDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir -On behalf of the 6ommittee in charge of. this unparalleled case,I beg to be permitted to express surprise that a body so wealthy and conspicuous as the 'British iron trade should continue to suffer the discredit before all the world, in your columns, of such letters,as that of Xr. Bowyer on the 15th inst., following your own indiTant appeal of the 29th ult. The obligations under which they lie are notorious to themselves. Forty-one rmsin18Usuhscribed toar'esolntion, tarngdnthe deceasecl enry Cort forhis twogreatinventions, andoorltbuttedasnminreliefof hodishesof hisvidowr ananino 6 han children. Itistruethe contributionamounted to only -201h part ofafarthing in the pound unon the profits theseint exigentios h then reaume to them,but it was at least' fmiro ian top raelniowled-ment of the obligation and he ebt.Th,profits,which t!esemanajufacturers have since th&t ate reaiz^by puddflig and rollig have been I0 times m.h the revo years, and cannot fal mchabrtof30,00 OOA. biling. A second contributon f 120t p rtof a' farthing in the pound on these profts ouldreaizean ample sum for the family of their enfco-but a subscription of only the same amount as that of IS1~ which 'would be at t-he irate of 1,200th part of a farthing inthe pound on the wholeprofits, would aleviate Ite immaedliate disreis of the invenitor's' aged-and only surviving son, and give time and ease to bring properly tefore the Legislature in the next session his unparalleled claims upon the giatitude of the'nationi at lz.ge. So many distinguishied peers as well as'commonersha-ve anmased large fortuniei and ar d-er ivin peinuely revenues, f:ron the pratultous use of the puddling furnace -ancl grooved roller, tbat Iamscprte at a loss whether to atttribute the continued disregardi ofhese obligations t.' mere apathy or to actual ignorance of the arts which supply their riches. After the' spirited and kenerous sympathy, evinocld in your late luicid and comprehenisive abstract of thi stron~g case of o reonad ngect, I venture t oeyuwl DAVID MXUSBEIT. ; . \, Albany-street, Aug. 18.
I I CO2VVICTS AT THE CAPE. TO THEF EDITOP. OF THE TThES. Sir,-I trust to your sensoeof just5ce to print these few lines in answer to your correspondent of to-day, "A ColonoisV' of the Cape of G6od ope. Inot only admit the desirabilit of emigration to the Cape, ubu can vouch for thefact, that any man at all wvlling to work can. keep a familyand save money, no matter how great a novice he may be at his trade. I was there seven years, and never saw a beggar 1 But, as regards sending' c fonvicts there, I distinctly and positivelg declare they wonla When-against all promises -to tho contrary--x batch of 300 convicts was sent out in the NZeptune as an experiment, the whole colony rose as one man, and meetings were held in every town and village to devise means of preventing what would have been its certain and fatal curse. A friend of mine (sA tiZf gfori-f/) hit upon the following plan i-A declaration was signed by nearly everyman in the colony (end no eignatures were fictitious, and none under fear or compulsion) that they would neither employ x bonvict nor have business transactions with any one who did. This was signed even by Government contractors-certaibly those most likely tolosebyit.- In-m thanrldlithadthe desiied effect, And remain, Sir, youre. e.. J. W-. WILLIAMBS. simmgilm Aug. 1U.~
