DEATES. On the Srth of November last, of apoplexy, after 25 hours' suffadig, aged 26, Mlaria youngest daughter of the late Mr. William Botterfi" of- Southgate. the affectionate aud beloved vife of Air. Thomas B. lAwrence; of York-place, Lamnbetb. On the 25th of March, of consumption of the lumgs, at his brothers Port Nltal. South Africa, to which colony he had proceeded, tended by a devoted sister, in the hope that a Eea voSsge and a geniatei=nato might a-e the proress of that fatal dLsessee FredericWiliam Henry eldest con- of Eedxric Jno. baoillier, of i; 4, Durham-plato west, Hlacney-road. On the 5th of May, at Oral, N.W. Provinces, India, Adelaide Helen, wife of G5. H1. Freelinig. FsZ1., BCO.S. On theLZth Of lThgiast, at Mfooltan. Iudia, on his vayto E n gtad Thomzs Leigh Blundell. Esq., eldest ron of The. eigh Bl3o1del BLD., 29, New Broad-slreet, city, in the 37th year of hbs age. Ontho 1stof May, inthe islandof Trinidad, after afewdays'ill* ness. Lieutenaut Alfred A, Jones, of H. M.'s 67th Regiment, only tcovising Eon of the late Captain Joseph Allingham Jones, of the 39th Riegiment. agcd 26. Onthe 22°dult.,at Keynham, SomerzetBhire, Eleanor Louisa, aged 2*'Sthe vife of Augustus lavie, Esq., Lieut. RLN. 0On the 2Sth nit., at HloUenden Rouse, near Tunbridge, Anna Mlfaria T.tov; of the late Hev. SamuelBoSdeU Beckvith, of Holywell, Honest On Satuaday, the 2Sth -it., rter a short and seyere illnaess, r. John CRwright, outfitter, of Holly-house, New Rent-road, and Lowermarsh, Lamrbeth. On the 29th ult., after a short lates, Anne, only daughter of John Bullar,-Ec, of Basset- ood, Lear Southaxspton. On the lot itst.. at the residence of George Wilson, Esq.. B_N., Blnetcington Station, Frederick Phillips, Eq., Lieutenant BLN., for 23 years in command at Ceckmere Station, Seaford, bussex, aged 65 On the 2d inst., at the Chester%aNorthumberland, 2Nathaniel Clayton, Rae., aged 65 On the 2d inst., at Little Newport-street, Soho, London, Mr. J. E Bynner, agedlO. th 2d int, at Cadogan-place, in the fourth year of his age, enH yRcchfort, Eon of Juland Danvers, Teq- On the 2d inst., at 'Westhans, Hants, Christopher Edward Lefroy, Faq., fcr 10 years Br.tish Commirsary Judge at Surinam, for the suppression of the olave trade, in the 71st year of his age. On the 3d inst., at 34, Nortbampton-square, Bobert tagg, BEq., in bin * ff year. late of 3,E ines-Eruare. Onthe 3d last inMontagu-street, 1ery,widow of the lateThomas Day, Fst., aged .th on the 3t intt.. suddenly, Alfred Le wis, Eq., of 102, PiecadiUy only son of John Lewis, Fzq., of Southanipton-place, Euston-square, aged t9. Onthe Md inst. at Brighton, hfary Anra, 'he v,fe of Sir CharIs Manfield Clarke, &A t w S a On the 3dinst, at No. IL bfarlboroegh-place, St. John's-wood, in the Othyearof hissge,Frederick Eervey Gacra.wy. Eaq, late of the Island of-Domniuca, WVest Indies. On the 3d inst, ,ati7 BBrixton-plare.Amelia.wife of Johm Newell. late of Forest-hill, and Thomas-stitet, Horselydown, the youngest daughter ofthelateThomasandJohannaBooner, of Amminater,inthecounty of Deron,inher57thyear.
BBTURN OF THBGUARDA . - ihe following is the memorandum of the arrangemenfnproposedto be adopted on the ocewaonof: Her Majesty revie-wing the Brigade' of Guards on their raturn to London from the Crimea:- "1. The bIrigadeto be formed by regiments at the lame s station of the South-Western Railvay ready to -march off, right infront5 at 11 o'clock smn, on the day named. -" 2. The column (each regimen' preceded by its band) to move by 'fours' along the Wandsworth-road, over Vanxhall-bridge; tLur to the right along Crescent-road, Newread, Millbank-row, lillbank-strct, A bingdosi-street, Old Palace-yard, Magaret-street; Parliament-street, Whitehall, through' the Horw Guards, up the Mallto Buckiaghtog Palaco, where the column will turn to the left, and enter the railings of the Palace at the ia,uth gate, pass out at the north gate, up Constitution-hill, and so into Hyde Park. " 3. Her Majesty will see the troops pass from the balcony of the Palace. "4. Thethree battalions of Gu3rds now in London and the battalion at Windsor will, before the arrival of the Cimnean Brigade, bo formed in Hyde Park, by the Fieldofflicer in Brigade Waiting, in a line of quarter distance colnumn, at 95 paces' interval, right in front, and facing Park-lane, with the rear o' the line resting on the clump of trees. "5. The Colonels of the three regiments of Guards will be at the head of their respective regiments, and in this order the brigadewill await the arrival of their comrades from the Crimea. "6. Upon the Crimean battalions successively gaining the open space, after entering Hyde Park, they will be formed into quarter distance columns, and be marched direct upon points placed opposite to the intervals left in the line of colulmns already formed. Here they will wheel to the left, and halt tiil the three battalions are formed on the alignment of the 3d battalion Grenadiers, when the Crimeanl brigade will be marched byMajor-General Crawfurd, under the orders of Major-General Lord Rokeby, to its place in- the formed line of columns, and countermarch by subdivisions round the centre.. "7. The whole of the brigide oZ Guards will then stand in a line of quarter distane columns; right in front, at 25 paces' intervaL S8. Upon the Crimean battalions commencing to march ipon the, intervals left for them the regiments already formed will present arms, bands playing the respective regimental marches, and when they have completed the coun termaTch of subdivisions round the centre they also wvll present 'aras, by order of their res_pective commanding officers. "9. The line wil then shoulder, order armn, and stand at ease, by word of command from the respective colonels of regiments. "10. HisRloyal Highness Field Marshal Prince Albert vill then proceed to meet and to conduct Her Majesty into the park. "11. Major-General Lord Rokeby and Mrajor-General Crawfurd, having handed over to the colonels of their reEpective regiments the' battalions composing the Crimean brigade, their duties will cease, and they will be pleased to join the Staff of the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief. "12. The Field Officer in Brigade Waiting Will be pleased to do the same, and the troops on the ground will remain under the command of Lieutenant-General his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. " 13. The whole brigade being thus formed, Her Majesty Wil drive to the ground, and be received at Hyde Parkcorner by the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief and Staff, and the military procession, as established for reviews by the Queen's regulations, will immediately be formed to precede Her Majesty. " 14 On the arrival of Her Majesty at the saluting point the troops will present arms, bands playing, ac. "15. Her Majesty will then proceed down the line, and return to the saluting point from the left, without passing along the rear. "16. The troops will then march past in quick time in open column, the consolidated band of the brigade playing, 'See the Conquering Hero comes.' " 17. After re-forming the original line of columns, the troops-will advance to the 'Royal Salute.' "IS. ITe Crimean battalions will then proceed to their barracks, and the rest of the brigade to the new quarters assigned to them. " 19. The order of march to be observed at reviews performed before the Sovereign, as laid down at page 250 of the BegdaCiions for Field Exercise is to be strictly adhered to. " 20. With the object of not interfering with the view of those on foot,. no person on horseback can be admitted 'within the railings of HydePark, except those named in the order of march, the mounted officers belonging to each battalion engaged, and the cavalry regiments employed to keep' the ground. No private grooms, with the exception of those of Hler Majesty, are to be admited on the ground. " 21. The place of entry for persons on horseback will be the Bar at Hyde Park-corner ; all others to be kept locked, and no one allowed through the bar without a ticket of admission from the Quartermaster-General. 22. No carniages to be allowed inside the Park, except those of the Queen. "23. Previous to marching past Her Majesty all mounted officers not moving with the troops, with the exception of these in immediate attendance upon the Sovereign, will talce post at camp colours placed opposite the saluting point, on each side of the band, under the direction of an officer of the head-quarter Staff. "2 4. Persons on foot only will be admitted into Hyde Park on the day of the review of the Guards by Her Majesty. All the gates leading into Hyde Park- will therefore be closed against the admission of carriages and persons on horseback. "'25. The ground will be kept by the 2d Life Guards, the Blues, the 3d Light Dragoons, and mounted police. "RICHARD AIREY, Quartermaster-General. " Horse Guards, July 3." (Extract from rage 250 of the Regulatio7zs for Fided Exercise.) " The following is the order of march to be observed at reviews performed before Her Majesty .- " 1. Detachment of Life Guards, or other cavalry, preceded by an officer of the Quartermaster-General's Departmeatl. 2. The Queen's led horses. "3. Aides-de-Camp to the Commander-in-Chief. '4, Aides-de-Camp to the Queen. "5 . Deputy-Adjutant-General, Deputy-Quartermaster General, and Queen's Equerries not in waiting. "6o. Adjutant-General and Quartermaster-General. "17. Com;mander-in-Chief. S. Princes of the Blood. " 9. The Queen. "10. Gold Stick in Waiting and Master of the Horse, if present. ";1. The Queen's Equerry in Waiting. "32. General.officers on the Staffin successive order, ascordingto rank and seniority, followed by such other General officers, not upon the Staff, as may be resent; foreign General officers, and Equerries and attendants upon the foreign Princes. "13. Assistant-Adjutant-General, Assistant-Quartermaster-General, and Deputy-Assistants. "14. Aides-do-Camp and Majors of Brigade to General officers on the Staff. "15. Royal carriages. "16. Detachments of cavalry."
PP)NCE OSCAR OF SWEDERY. PORTSMOUTH, FRrDAY. Last night his Royal Highness was entertained at the Admiralty-house by Sir George and Lady Seymour, who invited to meeb hinm Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard S. Dundas, KC.B., Rear-Admiral Martin, the Captains of the Fleet, the Swedish and Norwegian Consul, Chevalier Vandenbergh, the Belgian Consul, m A. L. Vandenbergh, Mr. Ashby, Secretary to the Commander-in-Chief, &c. In the evening Lady Seymour had an assembly in honour of tIle Prince-Admiral, which was attended by the leading persons of the port, garrison, and distnict. This morning after breakfasthisRoyal Ighness was conducted over the dockyard by Rear-Admnal Superintendent MIartin, attendedbythe staffof the establishment, and inspected all the principal storehouses and other features of interest. He had previously gene on board and minutely inspected the iron steam battery £Etna (built by Napier, of Glasgow] in the angle dock, and went into the basement of the dock to mnake an examination of her external propertions. Aiter having inspected the dockyard chief store depdts, his Royal Highness embarked in the Admiral's barge, and was on eard the screw gunboat Partridge,' Lieutenant 17. . Jones commanding, and examined that vessel as a type of her now numerous class. In her he wat to Spithead and cruised round the Princess Royal twodecker, from whose bulwarks he was warmly .reeted by the gallant Seats Pusileer Guards, who thronged them. Eis Highness was then put on board Admiral Sir Richard DTunas's flagship, the uAke of Wellington, over which ,ship he was conducted by Sir Richard and his Elag- Captain. He was received with a guard of honour ot' board, and was saluted on leaving. The Port-Admiral, Sir George Seymour, followed the Partridge to Spithead some time after, and rejoined the Prince on board the Duke *of Wellington. His tRoyal Highness returned to Portsauoutb harbour in the Partridge, and 'was conveyed in the Commander-in-Chiefs barge to the Royal Naval Hospital at Hlar, where he was received by Captain-Superintendent Dacres, C.B., and the medical stagt who escorted him over the hospitaL. The Clarenceoyard was the next and last establishment inspected by His Royal Highness. Hewas there received by a guard of honour of the Royal Marines and the staff of the yard; the marine band played the Swedish national air. The Scots Fusileer Guards having landed at the Clarence yard from the Princess Royal while the Prince was ait Sui'thead, were. now drawn aQp in battalion, waiting for their spocial train, which gave the Swedish Prince the opportunity of inspecting them in line. His Royal Highness conversed some litle time with Colonel Walker, and. rececived. the royal salute and cheers from the troops. Abent half-past 4 the Prince left the Clarence-yard for Lenden, saluted by the flaghip and the garrison battery.
MILITARY J ,4 2kA VAL ITELLIGRNCE. ' 1HerMaijessWts srew thr6ecker Erincass Royal, 91, Cap-' UkLovis . .ones, .B4arrived 'at Spitbead'yesterday nisoring from the Ealt w,idth thelsl. Battalion of the Scots I Fdileer Gwds, comprising eight companies, Ifield offloer, 1.7 captains, 1Z7sulalterns, st.ff, 50 fergeants, l9drunmers, 61corporls, and 92rk and file. 'The foll g are their Ioffeers:-Colonel B. W.'P. Walkei, C.B.; Captains and ieutenant-Colonels, C. A. F. Berkelety, J. H. E. Dalrysple, H. P. de Bathe, T. C. A; Stephensob, H. P. Hepburn, the - Hon. W. F. Soarlett, and 'A. W. H. Ifeyrick ; lieutenants and Captains,- J. D. Astley and thle Hon. A. E. Fraser' (Majors', the Hon. R. LIqto,ivan, R. (ipps, W. F. Knollys, J. Scott, F. lambton, the Hon. 0. R. Hay, and G. .L Mon:. Icrieff; Ensigns and Lieutenantsj R. F1. S. Stewart, the Hon. E. Brownlow, J. Psynter, - G. W.7Knox, W-. R" Tf'efuosis, G. W. Beaumont, H. D.- Ereldne, amd S. V. Stephenson; Captairn . Adiutant W. Lindsay, Qaartermaster G. Allen; Assistant-Snrgeons A. G. Elkington, F. B. Baker, and G. Perry; Staff Asistant-Surgeor C.. L Jassop. Captain Jones, with Colohel Walker, landed about ha'f-past 10, mid proceeeded to the Admiity-house, whence instractions had already been issued relative to the dispo'sal of this last battalionof Guards'from the late seat of war; it was ordered 'that if they anived at midnight last night they were to be landed at daylight this morn ing, in order that they might join the others a Aldershott, and tus and tenders were accordingly under steam and all ready;' these, however, were spared the contemplated midnight task by the arrival of the Princess Royal yesterday morning, and they landed the Guards at the Clarence-yard by 2 o'clock in the afternoon, where specialtrains wereinwaiting to carrythein to Aldershott. Officers and men alike seemed gratified at their return home, and with the prospect of the ovation which awaits thema from the country. The steam-transport Orinoco, No. 218, arrived at Spit. head yesterday morning from the East with the following troops :-2d Royal North British Dragoons; Lieutenant. Colonel Sulivan, Captains Sir,G. Haitpson, Prentis, and 'Hunter; Lieutenants Wl'ReiU and Brown; Cornets Parr and Armstrong; Adjutant Moodie, Surgeon Llewellyn, : Asstant.Surgeon Rutherford,' Veternary-Surgeon C-udgin, Paymaster Lnkein, Quartermaster M'EBean, 276 men, and 191 horses; 11th (Prince Albert's Own) Hussars, Major Cooke, Lieutenant Annesley, Veterinlary-Surgeon Baillie, 90 men and 44 horses; L-i (King's) Drasoon Guards-Lieutenant Wadman, 16 men and 16 horses; 13th Light Dragoons-1 man; 17'h Lancers-1 man and 2 horses. One sergeant Royal Artillery, one corporal British German Legion,one civil servant, the Reverends Messrs. Blenkinsop,. Watson, and O'Dwyer; Ist class Stiff-Surgeon Downes, Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General Palmer, Commis. sariat Clerk Plaskett, Dresser Worthington, Purveyors Clerks Johnstone and Evans, Major L3veson O'Homan, of Omar Pasha's army, Lady. Hampson and servants, Mlrs. Palmer and servant, Mxs.'Downes and servant, and Mrs. Johnson. The steam transport Severn arrived itt Spithead yesterday morning with 19 officers and 201 sick, having discharged at Plymouth 7 officers annd 46 sick to the military hospital and 87 covalescent to join their depUts in Lreland. She went alongside the Britannia hospital ship in Portsmouth harbour and transferred the remainder to her. The steam transport Progress, No. 208, Captain Doke, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday, from Scutari, Malta, and Gibraltar. She experienced, on the coasts of Spain and Portugal, very strong head winds; .nd was put under canvas to save the fuel; on the 2d inst., at 9 p.m., blowiug [strong from the eastward, put into Falmouth and took on board 30 tons of coal; sailed again at 3 p.m. for Spithead; off the Start at 6 p.m.,. and spolke Her Majesty's ship Princess RoyaL The Khersonese steam transport left Portsmouth yesterday for Liverpool. The steam transport Victoria, No. 72, went into Portsmcuth harbour yesterday afternoon and landed the 79th Highlanders, whose reception by the populace was not less cordial th an t'nat accorded to the Guards. The steam vessel Osborne (late Her Majesty's State yacht Victoria and Albert) is ordered to be converted to an Ad. miralty State yacht. Her Majesty's brig Rolla, 6, LieutenartFenwick, returned from the westward to Portsmouth yesterday afternoon, with newly entered boys for the fleet.. The 77th and 90th Rcgiments embarked on board Her MajesWs ship Queen on the 15th of June at Kazatch Bay, Crimea, and left the same evening in tow by Her Majesty's steamship Terrible for Constantinople and Spithead. In addition to these two regiments the Queen has on board two companies of the 42d Regiment, under command of Major Graham; also, Major M. Adye's battery of Rtoyal Artillery. On the 18th of June, at Constantinople, the Queen landed some of her guns, and after taking in a fresh supply of water was expected to leave the same night. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steammsip Madrid, which arrived at Southampton on Thursday night with the Peninsular malls, we have the following items of naval and military intelligence, from Gibraltar :-The sailing transport Onward, which was left by the Great Western off Cape de Gatt, on the 15th ult., owing to stress of weather, arrived at Gibraltar, on the 19th nlt., with 112 men, and 77 horses of the Royal Artillery, and a few officers. She sailed with the Wanderer on the 21.stult. The steam transport Clyde, from Southampton for Malta, left Gibraltar on the same day. The sailingtransport Sultr,na, from Liverpool to Balaklava, put into the bay on the 21st. Her Majesty's steamsloop Mledusa, with the sailing troopship Apollo in tow, with the 1st Battalion of the Rifle Brigade on board, left Gibraltar for England on the 23d nlt. The steam transport Jura, with artillerymen and horses, left for Spithead on the 23d. The sailing transport Harriet put into the bay on the 24t&, with a cargo of returned Ordnance stores from the Crimea for England. Her Mfajesty's steamaloop Stromboli, with the sailing transport King Philip in tow, anchored off the new mole on the 24th. The latter has the "d Battalion of the Rifle Brigade on board, from the Crimea, for England. Hler Majesty's screw steamsloop Ariel returned on the 20th ult. from a cruise to the Riff Coast. Three boats, with two Riffians and several fishing nets were captured on tho beach by 'the crew of the steamsloop, and brought to Gibraltar. The Axiel afterwards sailed from Tangiers, and returued the following day. Four divisions of troops belonging to ;he following regiments, at Chatham Barracks, viz., 35th (Royal Sussex) Regiment, 52d Light Infantry, 53d Regiment, and 6oth Royal Rifles, will leave the provisional bnttalion this morning and proceed to Gravesend, where they will embark on board the Octavia Indiaman for Calcutta. The following isthe number of non-commissioned officers and men furnished by each regiment:-35th Regiment, 74 men; 52d Light Infantry, 55 men; 53d Regiment, 11 men; 60th Rifles, 58 men; with the following officer, viz., 35th Regiment, Ensign R. Parsons and Ensign R. B. Ross; 52d Light Infantry, Lieutenant R. W. Ellis, Ensigt! T. H. Bradshaw, and Ensign H. R. Beattie; 53d Regiment, Ensign J. MiUler, Ensign F. J. S.Brockhlrst, andEnsignT. C. Smythe; 60th Royal Rifles, Ensign J. 0. Young, Ensigm R. F. Jennings, Ensign W. :E. Napier, Ensign W. G. Turle, and Ensign S. Mortimer. An order has been received from the War-office directing Colonel IL Sandham, commanding the Royal Engineers at Chatbam, to hold in readiness two detachments of Royal Sappers and Miners, who are under orders to proceed to the Aldershott Camp and Wcolwich. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- "H. R. J., Pearch, second master, to the Vulture; Horatio Lindguist, master's assistant, i3 the Vulture; Thomas AL Jenkins, assistant paymaster, tothe Magicienne; Henry T. West, assistant paymaster, to the Formidable; Alexander V. Manoll, clerk, to the Vulture; John Ashton, assistart clerk, to the St. Jean d'Acre; Alexander G. Young, assistant clerk, to the Royal Williame." A number of men and horses (210) belosging to the 11th (Prince Albert's Own) Hussars, arrived in Dublin on Thursday from Leixlip, in the county of Rildare, and proceeded to Kingstown, where they embarked on board the Queen of the South on the way to Aldershott. N IMIA. The Royal Berkshire Regiment of Militia was yesterday disembodied. There will be no difficulty about the men finding employment, as the farmers in all the district; around ate much in want of hands to gee up the hay. The 94th Clare Regiment was omitted, in the list of Militia corps that volunteered for foreign service. The regiment, both ofiicers and men, offered their services to the Crown, in any quarter, on the 9th of May, :1865.
LivERPOoL CuSTOMS' RnwE. n.-The Liverpool Customs' bill of entry states that there has'been an increase in the Customs' revenue of that port for the, quarter ending 30th ult,, to the extent of 3,347g1. ls. 3d. over the corresponding three months of 1S55. The total amount of duty received for the year 1856 was 3,678,2471. B's. &di DsmiuxnON Fitos RIcp.-A Government bill now before tIe House of Commons permits the use of rice in the distillation of spirits, provided aleays that where sugari s mixed with thevanousmaterisusedinthedistillation of British spirits (including grain' polatoeq, molae %s, ~agold wur-tzel, &c), the distiller shalbchrelewt the uty on spirits in respect of such sugar in the manner and after the rate set forth in the act llth, and 12th Victoria, cap. 100. BBISTOL SwAiM Mumw; Frday, July 4.-The amount of business transacted since our last report has been very smOl, at slightly easier rates, but the quantity offering is not large, and the assortment nlt ind3iferent. The market, therelore, isinanimate. Rumsteady.
' RILWAY INT=IGER . - A - I TRA TU RPTRN Ar , - . A The foloing so the MeWeipts of r&ilw&yi for ihe ptas w.eek : The trafhe returns of railways in the united kdngdom, ubt fisbed for the week- ending June 30, amounted to 458,08. a id forthe corresponding wee of 1855 to 429,831.,h ing aincrease of 20,077t4 The gross receipts of the eight !%ways haing their termini in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 196,9034, and for the corresponding week of last year to 190,81314, showing an increase of 6,09014 The incre-ase on the Esztern Counties, ilcway amountedl to 9014 ; on the Great Northern to 1, 1. ; on the Great Western to 2,9341; on the Lo^Edon and NTorth-Western to, 4734.; on the London and Blac-Wal t 74 onthe London, Brightoni, end South Coat t 794;andonthe London and South-Western to 1,614;totl, ,08!.But fromi this must be deduacted 094, te dcreseon the South-Eastern leaving the increase as above, 6,0901. The receipts on the other lines n the united kIngdom amounted to 262,005., and for tihe corresponding period of 1855 to 239,0184 shoiga increase of 22,087!. in the receipts of those lines, wvhich, the otdalt inres 29,0774, as chompanrterd wwlith ?tnhencrrespod RAILWAYS IN THE UNITED XINGDO&!. The epot o th ralwa doartentof the Board of Tradefor the year 18o55tstatyes tmhant bthe nBerofrailway hillswhichcame heforeoParliament in thesession of 1855 amoutedto 04, nd he engt ofnewline proposed to 'be authorized amounted to 655slOesg.he nBut= )of thsehill bonl 73 wre pssed andthe total length of ln culyato 7wried aSs 363 iles.hOftthte73caetsp~assedin 1855 5r3 had reference to the construction of works; the length of new line authorized by these acs wsas follows, viz. :-196 miles in England and Wales, 76 miles in Scotland, and 91 miles in Ireland'. In 184 270O railway acts -wore passed, vathorizia,g the construction of 4,538 miles of railway, and the raising of 132,617,3681. of capital; inL 1847, 190 acts, authorizingl1,3590 miles, and6391460,128!.; in 1848, 85 acts, authorizing 371 iules, and 15,274,237a ; in 1849, 34 acts, authorizing 16 miles, and 3,911,331?.; in 1850, 34 acts authorizing ei-ht miiles and 4L115,6321. ; in 1851, 61 acts, authorizing 135 mlies and 9,553,275; pl. ;i 1852, 51 acts, authorizing 244 miles and 4,333,83414 ; in 1853, 106f acts, authorizing 940 miles and 15,517,601!. ; in 1854, 71 acts, authorizing 482 miles and 9,211,6021.; ;in 1855, 73 acts, authorizoing 3of3 miies and 9,192,0384; maklng a total of 875 railway acts in 10 years, authorizing 8,446 mies of railway and 24i3,187,0461 of capmitaltoee raised. The report then adverts tbo the nomatu ofwthe bius promoted in the sessionl of 1855, and sates that it would be reoluected that ind uso, the ostdon and South-Western Railway Company opposed a bing promoted by the Greiat Wester and Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies for a railway termed the Devon and Dorset Rilwayc ; and that this Ill was thrown out by theoliouse of Commaons, upon a pledge einug given by tehe London andeSouth-Western Railway Coin y that they would introduce a hill in the following sasmon for a con: tinuation of thoir linetoExeter. But having obtainecdtheii object, the iondon and South-Western Railvay Company repudiated thir ledge. Consequently, ihen the company brought forwar a h ill for other objects in 1855, therouse of Comnmons referred the consideration of thd hill to a committee of nearly the same members to whom the Devon and Dorset Railway Bill had been referred in 1853. This committee inserted clauses into their bill, by which the compy were bound, under the penalty of a steopage oftheir rdividends, to introduce into and use their best endeavours to pass through Parliament a bill for a narrow gauge line to Exeter. With regard to level crossigs proposed in ralway bMils the report states that in considerifng the sabject it is necessary to bear in mind that level crossings are a source of danger, and that as miany as 35 people unconnectedl with the railways were kiled at level crossings and sx persons were injured during thenear 1855. It may also be observed that level crossings ental a considerable permanent expense on a railway company, f& om thewnecesnty of maintaining signals, lodges, gates, and gatekeepers. It was, however, impossible to frame any rules by v hes, h the inspecting officers coult be exclusively gided in naki7ng their reports, as each case involved many pial circuinstabces; but they enbeavoqu ed as far as pmsbicNe to adhere to the following general principles, viz. : rn 1. That in all cases where the engineering difficulties would he slight, so that the expense of erecting a bridge would notf aterially iff,r fromithes um of thecost of o Siding and -the capitalization of the annual cost of maitai ing signals,jodges, gates, and gatekeepers, the level crossing should net be recommended, unless the erection of a bridge would, from the general nafure of the district, sensibly interfere wtith the local traTis. 2. That inL cases of unimtportant roads, -where the engineering difficultiessmdexpenses entailed by abridge would be considerable, the level crossing should be recommended. 3. That in the case of importmt roads and streets, 'where the traffic was large, the evel crossing should not he recommnended, uinrless the construction of a bridge involved very special difficulties. The number of lvel crossigs preposedrby the bUls which besne acts amounted to 237, and of these 102 level crossings were authorized. In a few cases of thoroughfares, along which a large number of foot passengers aed ut wher the traffic of vehicles, &c., iws small, the evel c1rossieg was retained for vehicies, a bridge being erected for the foot passengers; The total length of line authorized by Parliament down to the end of 1855 amounted to 14,46 mfles ; but of this 1,493 9miles have been abandoned by subsequent acts or by Warrant under the authority of the Commissioners of Railways, and consequbntly there remain 12,851 miles for which the Parliamnentary powers which were obtained have not been repealed. Of these 8,280 miles were open at the end of 1855;- and 4,571 soilea which have received the authority of Parliansent remain'to he oned The lnth of -railway authiorized in England and. Wale was 9,486 miles, in Scotland 1,541miles, aend in Ireland 1,824 miles; making togethol2e 851 miles. The length ofrailway open i England and Wales on the ulat of December,- 1855, was 6,210 railes in Scotland 1,083 miles, and in Ireland 987 miles ; togetr 5,280 miles, leaving the leogth of line authorized hut not open in England and Wales 3.276 miles, in Scotland 458 miles, and in Irelanid 837 miiles. The length of railway opened in the united king-dom pr-eviously to Decemiber, 1843, was 2,036 n,iles ; in 184, 204 miles of railway were op'ened; in 1845. 256 miiles; in 1846, 606 miles ;- in 1847, 803 miiles ; in I848, 1,182 miles ; in 1849, 869 miles; in ISM, 112 miles; in 18:51, 269 miles; in 1852, 446 miles; in 1853, 350 miles ; in 1854, 368 mniles - andl in 1855, 226 mailes;- soing an increase of 6,244 milies in 12 years. Of the 4,~57'1 mile'sauthorized hut sot mnade, the compulsory- nowers for the purchase of laud have b-een allowedl to'expire in respect of 2,497 miles, which it is prohable wall never be - made. The total amount of money authorized to be raised by railway companies, by shares and on loan, to the, end of 1855, amounted to 374,971,966j.. of which 297,583.2841. had been raised, leaving 77,38,68214 to be raised. There are no asieans of ascertainingP *how much of this sum is apportioned to thai milc of rAilway for which the.Parliamaentary powers ha-ve exird hut it maLy'he assumed approximately that fromM3,000, 0004. to 40,00041004 of this amiount would hbar eken applied to those portions of rail-ivay, and that it will not, therefore, be now re-ised. Of the 8,297 miles open for traffic, at the end of 1855 6,445 miles were on the hiarrw gauge, 667 on the broad'gauge, of 71t., 20 on the mixed gauge of 7ft. and 4ft. 8,t inches, and 979 mifles on the Irish gauige of 5It. 3 inches. The number of miles of single line was 1,345 in England, 254 in Scotland, and 570 in. Ireland-total, 2,169 -miles Of these, 1,320 mniles are on the narro'w gauge, 1209 miiles on the broad gauage. 72 mniles on. the imixed gaue, iLan56 milues on the Irish gauge. -It appear that toe length of -new lines opened for traffic during the year IBi, incbn- onl on lie o rals Th siglelins ere onlyalloedt zelations, if fi£hfully caried into effect, precdude' the possibility of. Dolliiona. on aingle lines, but at the same time they prevent a large triffic from. being crried on . by ieans of &- single line. The report mentions that aW.ements authorized by Parliament, by :which one company undertakes to work the line of another companJ, or by bich the interchange of traffic is facilitated, are becoinig very numerous. In the case of six distinct linea of railway opened during the year 1855; the lines were to be, worked, under -Parliamentary authoity, by a company owning a line in connexion with them - and seven other conpames ppear to have entered int working arrangomen;is without the sanction of Parliament. vi&-The East Grinstead REailway is worked by theLondon, B;ighton, and South Coast Railway Company, without there being any seil power in the company's act. The Wimbledon and Croydon Railvwy is worked by the london, Brighton; and South Coast Railway Company, the act haivingauthozized the companyto enterinto arrangements with the London and South-Western Railway CoDI.- pany. ThBideaford Extension Railway-is Worked by Afr. Brassey, the act haling authorized the company. to enter) into arrangements withtheNorthDevon RailwayComipany. The Coleford, Mpoumouth, Usk, and Pontypool Railway is worked bythe Newport, Abergavenny, aiid Hereford Railway Company; the act havingauthorized the company to use a porton of the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway. The object of these working arrangerents iS to create that identityof interedtbetweenthe several companies which is caused by an amalgamation; hut while- hey place the working of the smallline under the eontrol of the larger .companyd they appear to provide a better security that .'the Iocltralc -ofth{e smaler line-will be more cared for and- developed thin if it were enitrely merged i.to the larger concern. These agreements are generallyframedin such a manner as to mnder itthe direct interest of the company *orkitsg the line to develop the traflic. There is another class of agreements between railv,3 companiesI which do not come before the Legislature, and whnchhave been devised with a aiew to produce the same effect as amalgamation, in prevontinghaompetitionibetween railway companies. Under this class of agreements the railway companies parties to them divideanf fixed proportionsthe receipts fom the traffic between certain specifiedplaces, afte dediucting a sum for working expenss; and sice eoch railway eompany thatis a party to the agreemrntgderivesiet sar ofthe recenpty. alreonghanothercmpanymayhave done tdeoirk,this arrangementpossessesthe vils tf a monopolv withont furnishin to the railwt ai companies tha' stimuls to continued exerto in developtig the traffic which ersts din th case of companies working the traffic, on their own aciounto and the absence oP which is ic the end injurions both to thopubelie ad to the proprietors. Some aoreements of this nature have contained a cause bindig one of the parties to discourage toaffic brought by ns independent railwaybwich mig,ht compete with the traffic of one of the *other parties to the agreement. An imporsantagreeuent of this class recently entered. into is one between the London andmNorth-eestern, the Lancaster and Carlisle, the Caledonian, the MIidland, the G~reat Northern, the NorthI astern, and the N1orth British railway ComPanies, by wfhich the receipts from aU traffic between London and certain towvns in England, and Edinburgh, Glasgow, and other districts in Scotland to the north of these towns, are paid into one fund, and divided in certsin iied propereions. The length of new line reported to be in course of eonstructioon n the 30th of June, 1855, was 880 miles; of these about 170 miles wrere opened before the 31lst day of December, 1855. TPhe number of poisons employed on the 30th of June, 1855, upon th raiLways in course of construction amounted to 3S,546,being on the average 4r.4 per mile. In June, 1S49, when 1,504 miles of railway were 4n course of construction, 103,816 persons were emnloyed upon them or 609 pers perper mile; in June, 1850, 80s miles were in coutse of construction, and 58,88 persons were employed on them, or 68.15 per mile; in June, 1851, 734 miles were in course of construction, and 42,938 persons were employed, being at the rate of 5S,49 persons per, mile- in 854,t 889 miles were in course of construction, and 45,401 ersons were employed upon t,hem, being at the rate of 2,007 per mile. The money rised by shares and loans for the construction of railways in 1849 amounated to 29.5>74,7191. ;-in1850, to 10,522,9671., in1S51. to 7,970. 151l.;in 1852, to 15,924,781. ; in 1853, to 9.158,8351.;* in 1854, to 32,4.52,3741.; and in 1S.55, tn 11.514,4901., makingz together in seven years a total of 9T,118,319L., being at the rate of 32,000l. pe.^ mile for the length of railway opened during that period. The nupaber of persons employed on ra^ilways open for traffic in the united kingdom was, in 1851, 63,563, being at t,he rate of 9.4'3 per mile; in1S852, 07,601 persons, or 9.55 per mile; in 1853, 80,409, or 10.7 per mile; in 18.54, 90,409 or 11.59 persons per aile; and in 1855, 97,252 persons orl12-07 per mile. Tue numb ar of stations in 1851 was 2,107, and in 185t5, 2,79S; showinganincreaseof 001 stations and of 1,418 miles of railw-ay.
.RYSTAL PALACE CONCERTS. Another magnificent day saw another crowded and brilliant audience assembled in the P.slace at Sydenham, yesterday afternoon, to listen to another capital concert-the eighth, and one of the -very best of the series. It is evident that the nearer these performances draw towards an end the rnore anxious are the public to be present. The first piece in the programme-Weber's fine overture. heRule,- of the Spirits-was nobly executed by the baud and again gave occasion to praise the arrangements which have made this temporary concert-hall so excellent a mediumi for sound. Itisno little to say in favour of the projectors that what seemed at one time impossible has been thoroughly accomplished. After avapid specimen of mnsical declamation from Eaydn's Creation, " Rolling in foaming billows"-which no one can deliver with more emphasis and point than Herr Fonnes-and the dnet from L'Rlisir f'Arezr4 "V Venti scudi," where the amorous Belcore enlists his unsus;pectingivaL Nemorino (song by Sigors Gardoni and Tagliafiee), the madrigal of Morley-." Fire, fire, my heart," remarkably well given (as usual) by the chorus of thc Royal Italian Opera, was honoured by a loud encore. As we have already hinted, madrigals are in vogue at these concerts; and more of them might be introduced, to the general satisfaction. Mademoiselle Rosa Devries then gave the well-known (we might say, but for its genuine beauty, 7haceyed) cavatina, "RKobert toi aue j'aime," in a style that, but for certain changes andonibellishsents of doubtful taste, and not in keeping with Mteyerbeer's music, would have called fcr unqualHied approval. The charmine duet from the Proph6t,-"--Della Mora," for Berta and Fides-came next. Tlis, with one reservation, was extremely well executed by Mademoiselle Marea and Madame Nantier Didiee. Our objection applies to the final cadenza, in which occurs an ascending scale in thirds. This species of tralt d'ensen2bte should, so to sueak, be measured out and accentuated by the singers, in such a manner, however, as to give no sensible impression of methodical rigidity-which, nevertheless, under any circumstancez, would be preferable to the hesitation and uncertainty exhibited in the present instance. The air of the Podesta, from La Ga=ra Ladrla--" 11 mio piano"-although occasionally a little fat, wvas otherwise admirably vocalized by Signor Ronconi, who displayed that peculiar fluency of utterance for which he is famous. The glorious sestetto from Don Giovanni, "Solas ola"-executed by Mesdames Bosio, Devries, and MarmL, 3M. Gardoni, Polonini and Fosimes-was a musical treat of the highest ozder-like the scene from 3Mendelssohn's Lo-rdey, produced at a recent concert. Why is it that the dramatic compositions of Mozart lose little or nothing in being transplanted from the stage to the concert-room ?-Simply because, in addition to their scenic propriety, they abound in the essential elements of pure and "absolute' music, and spring from ideas and melodies upon which time can exert no influence. The first of these conditions would be urged by the advocates of the school of "the Future" as an argument against the applicability of Mozart's music to the ends of the drama-to which, however, there is an awkward retort-viz., that Dos Giovannli, Figas-, and D;e Zaubcsflbtc have kept the stage for nearly a century-, and afford even more delight now than hen they were first given to the world by their iimmortal composer. The second part opened with ddat. The overture was Rossini's to La Gazza Ladrad-one of the most vigorous andpicturesqueof hisoperatiopreludes. Thiswasencored with acclamations. A finerperformance has seldom been heard. The various nuances were indicated by the bfton of Mr. Costa, and obeyed by the performers with a ecrapulous minuteness and attention worthy of all praise. Every player, from the fir3t violin "d'attaque" to the drams, did hisduty. Itwasatrimph,bindeed, for the hand and its experienced chief. anld it as worth adding that the over- f8owas quite as well played, and quite as7 keenly enjoyed, the second time as tho first. These fine orchestral performanca, and the impression they produce, convince us more and more that at least one symphony-by Mozart, Beethoven, or Mlendelssohn-might safelybe ventured on. for the honour of the art, before the Crystal Palace concerts are terminated. The pretty and sentimental terzetto from Rossini's Oulio-'" '1E perli Pamore "-sung by Gr-si, Gardoni, and Tagliafico, wras also encored; and a similar conmpliment was earned and well-merited by Madamo Nantier Didi e, in the very graceful air d' invitations of Ur:oain, from the Huguenots, -which was sung by that clever lady with all the " oquettc-ie" belonging to the personage and the situation, and only -wanted the page's costue to be perf-ect. Encores seemed now the order, o£ the day, since another immediately succeeded. This w as accorded, .-nd wvith strict justice, to MIadame Basin and SignorRotenconi for their inimitably spirited performance of one of the duets betwveen Adlisa end Belcore" Quanta amore" (L'Elis-i,' d'sos-e-wbhich recalled the best days of Persi am and Ilablache. Nothing could surpass the vivacity andW hunsonr oi Xonconi, while aething could be marce brilliant and fascinating t.han the singingr of Madamte Bosio. The audien ce wvere enchanted. The barytone air of the King, from La Faroriia, "Vien leonora," although it displayed to advantage in the andante the splendid voice of Signor Graziani (who,accordingtothe received but erroneous cust nm, took the allcyro too quick), canme somewhat tamely after this quasi-t.heatrical and wonderfuly effective exhibition; and it was not till the racy duet from Don Pasquale, for Norina, and Doctor Malatesta -"' Pronts lo son"-wvhlch was acted and sung to perfection by Grisi and Ronconi, that the attention of the audience was once more excited. This, too, was unanimously encored. Such miusic, and a good deal more of the same character by Donizetti, is written and coneeived in the genuine buffo style-a style which, in the music of the Italian composers, has undergone fewer transformations than any other. The comic duets of Galuppi, for example, might even now be sung, in ai greAt many instances, without danger of anything-except their orchestration-being condenined .s peculiarly old-fashioned; and vet his ssrious music and that of the majority of his contenpararies, would be found insupportable. - The concert euded well, with the piquant end animatedfinaleto the first act of II Conlc tV Ory. Whlynot try, for a change, bythe way, one or two of the concerted pieces of Meyerbeer, from the* Huguenols, BRobert the Prophte, or L'Etoile clu YeordThey would afford a pleasant variety. It was remiarked at this concert, even more thbn at any of its'precursors, that the chbiring of birds, among the ied rf o that conxfer s 50 specala charm, and engendes- a fing of such delightful freshness, in the interior of the Orysta Palace. was5 almost incessant-so unch so, that it filled sw in a great meaisure the intervals of the music, and yet mano way prcgndiced its effect, even durin ,the softest passages.
IIRB & D. I ^ IRI I, . - IfmC ov ow OO THLE TIPPEIIY BA5c COxT uT0fTx3. The Hater of the Rolls -was engaged neazly t;Ve whole of yesterday in heating appeals from sundry parties against the order of the M ster in Chancry placiig them in the ist of contributories to the Tip.i perary Bank. In the ca3e of a person nmade Waugh, who had transfeIred 401 shares to a Mi harlotte Halliday, of Sicn-hill, in thel county or Down, he Mster of thie Roll b said he would reqne-boh prrtiea-to attend in court, and be sabjected to a eitst voce eamination of all the circam.. stances connected-with the transfer in question. "e ha}d a stron4 suspicion that the trnferee in ti cme lived in the petitioner's house, and it appeared that ahe,. w his governem He would ex mine her toasoertain whethier a fahn over passd als the consriderationl for the - transfer, and would mearch out everything about it. Suppes it t ea out as he supted ? 9 nApril, 1855, the shrs cre actually ialeasbl, althoug transfers wre made under the circumstkaces which appared in thecao of 'Mr. Milson. Kennedy and - others. He woulil therefore inquire into .everything cohanected withL thetranfer. Suppose it was pxoved thst this gentlemai had transferred his shares to his own governess6 jusBt p. a leasehold interestis assiguedtoapacper to getrid of liability, it wouldrequire more arga.ent than he had 'et hoead to convince him that M. Waughlaad oeaed o be liable, an;d that he should not treat the transfer as wraste; maper. The Court had a right to satisfy itself whether a. shareholder wasjustfied, in transferring shares to'his owngoverness withont showing ~he transaction was toad .ide. W.as he jusbfied in receiving the dividend after he made the transfer, asit was very ikel would appear to be the fact in it,reaen,t_o case.'j-matter- alSi nnergo thfe 'nt searching investigation. Was it to be sa that the provisions of the deed, which were rabme& to securb, theo iolvsnev of the trausf'erees, should be set at naught.? Re would be sorry to cast any impeachment on Miss 1Raliday, and did not do Eo.- It might turn outthat she was a very res,oectable pereon, who had been induced by-the gentleman at whose house she -as staying to take a rnsfe- cf the shares. He did not attributeto her any moral cui"sbility in the mtter. If, however, the real nature of thitransaction. turned out to 7 thaet alady who bad no means save her salary as governes6 becamne the transferee of these shares, wzas he, having regard!to the rights ofthe ooionBjde shareholders, to let Mr. IVaugh' ot1toflhisliability? If this wasnot.the. state of fact-s e nmight'have to decide the legal questi7n -lint, first, hewivond have Mr. Waugh -and Mss lIalIiday in court , and wouid investigate aJl the facts before he gave judgment on the law." Anud.then, roferrnnto the pending mnotion in the Common Pleas for the setting aside the official manager and theappointment of a receiver in his stead, the Mlaster of the Ro?ll was equally explicit; as to the course he should Adopt to meet the case or. :O'Flahertee v. JDowe1l" "Re had learnedthat judgmnent would not be given inL the case argledin the Common I'leas trn next term. Re, was bound tose that thepartiesinthat case should not be. thrownvover the long vacation, and he would therefore hearthe motion. If it should happen that he appointedthe officialmanagerreceiver, he would sendthe case intoMaster lMnrphy's office, and he would do whiat w ould disappointthe framers of the joint stock bill now beforeParliament,-he. wouldfrse tte orderso thatthe official managershould hase foll power to carry on both.preceedings concurently. He.- did not see anything in this course to render the two proceedings inconsistent. Hewouldconsiderably increase the pov;ers of the official manager, for in his character of receiver, besides realizing the calls to which the share. holders were liable on foot of their shares, every farthing of the debts wouLld hoe demanded. If he were to send the receivership into the ofEce of anotlier Master, two inconsistent. proceedingl; might be -going on at the same time, and, eacn Master entertaining a diffierents vevfrom the ot.her, it woulds be totally impossible to accompn;sh what he desired. By referring the matter to the same Master, the plan mright be. workedoutheneficislly tothecreditors, sothab they mightget rid of the effectof the bill before P.rliament, byplacingallthe authority and power of the receiver inthe hands of the official manager. The offlcial manager would continnethe payment of the divid!ends, with which ho should not allow any interference. IBy the mode in whichl the proceedings would, he trusted, be carried on, 20s. in bthe pound might he reaized Shareholde.u-were liable, under thoWinding-up acts, nerelyto the amount of their shaes; but, by proceeding ncder the Bankers' Act, and pursuing the ouose he suggested, they might be made liableto every fiathing, and in that way the creditors might get justice.,". obthecin ior of the unfortunate bank fail t6 obtau the full measure of justice to which they are entitled, the blame cannot be Laid to the charge of the MIaste:r of the Rolls. LORD C0tUSI&S VISIT To ILEuXiICK Mr. Augustus Stafford, ILP., hearing that tordL Carlisle is to be entertained at a public banquet bg the citizens of Limerick, and. presuming that there is nothing of party in the arrangement, writes to the effect that he should. have had great oleasturein joining in this testimony. of respect to bi5s Excellency. Re (Mr. Stafford) believes that: Lord Carlis7le has the welfare of the Irish people. at heart, and the kindness his Excellency has shown to the sick and wounded Crineans should ever be rememxbered -with gratitude. It is stated. that Lord Seaton will accompany the Lord-Lieutenant on his visit to Limerick-. lil. S3IITII ()'DRES. Itisbelieved that Mr. O'Brien will return toCahermoyle on the 17th or 18th of thepresent. mnonth. Preparations for hsrcpinaearaa inprogah Iress rti, fo his receptioni are already.n progress. THE FOlDS1. Three per Cent. Consols, 96k.; ditto for account, 8th of Julv, 961j ; cditto, for new account, August A2l 96-. New Three-nerCoent. Stock, 96Q; ditto, for account, Jul 8, 96Q; ditto, for new account. August 12, 97 96o; BanStock (shtt), 225 es div. and bonus; Mining Companyof Ireland, 7. paid, for account, 14i}; Wicklow Copper hItine, 51. paid, 28' Railways.-Dublin and Belfast Jnc.- tion, 451. ad, 46; ditto i or account, 46.i , ditto, paid in full OZ., 5D0; Daba andDroghedad 751. paid, 67; Dablin and Wicl;ow, 101. paid, 7g 4; :Ditto for account, 7g 4; D)undalk and -liien, 301. paid, 14; Great Southern and Western, 50Z. paid, 55'; ditto fcr account, 55k ; ditto 4per cent, preference, 131. paid, 123 Ilush South-Eastern, 12._ paid, for account, 6ft 7; lNillarnoy .Tunction, 10l. paid, 10 - -Midland Great Western and }Royal Cnal. 50!. paid, 534; ditto, for accounlt, SJj; Waterfo; d and Rilkenny, 20!.>pao 50 j0; Waterford anad limeridk, 50! paid, for account, 2$~ ditto 6 perceent. preference, 10I. paid, par.
2OLTYIPIC TiEATPXE. A new duodramn, with more of the 4-S cornice than i usually to be found in su,ch productions, has been, brought out at this theatre, with the title-A Cosjziga? Lesson. ;Mr. Lullaby is a gentleman who, having Joined the club of " Frolicksoine Oysters," is addictedi to late hours, much to the annoyance of his better half. When the curtain sises and discovers his chamnber one of his too frequent jovialities has just taken. place. He returns home smelling strongly of smoke and slightly elevaited by liquor, and in this condition receives a severe lecture, in the Caudle style, from the lips of Ms. I3llaby. He succeeds, however, in effecting a retreat to bed, and soon the admonitions of the lady are simply answered by snores. Eloquenco being no longer of use, she begins to riummage the coat-pocket of the delinquent, and therein finds a mysterious pocketbook, containing notes to the amount -of , a cigar, and I letter that apparently indicates a Zieison. with some figura'"c of the opera. The banknotes she puts in a drawer aslawfulprize of war, but with rspect to the billet she desires further informuttion, and rouses up tho, sleeping Lullaby, that he may afford it. S htly frightened, and dreadfully sleepy, the artful little gentleman contrive& to give his wife a glass of water, with a few drops of laudanum in it, and under the infinenue of the nmacotic she quietly slumbers i her armchair. But now3moral justice begins to asssrt itself; the article.; N.,hich have been turned. out of the coat-pocket are unlknown to Lullaby, and he sees in then proofs that some prodigate visitor has invaded his domicle. Mrs. Lullaby saccordinglywakened upintnrn, a violent altercation ensues, and she rushes from the room determined to Lrrite to her mother, when, from a window over the way, comes the voicebofLllshy's hestfiriend BrownL -his companion at the "h'reicksome OysterP-statingthat esch of them has-put on the other's coat, and requesting lullaby to aiid in repsiring the mistae. A exchasge is effected by pitching the coats fromwindow to window across the road; and we now undarstad why thesmtarticles should appear equally alrming to r r. Lullaby. The foundation of a better undersandig between the fond couple is now isia, for, although Mr. Lullaby's jealous fire receives fresh fuel from the discovery of the banknotes in his wife's drawer, bisuneasnesa is calmed by the resuscitation of Browns voiceo demanding the pocketbook, wliilei the story of theexchanged coats banishes the suspicion of Mrs. Lullaby. Another letter that has fallen out in the rumuage re-ear. thefactthatBrownis a,fllain, and clecoysaLulby fromnhome that she may be exposed to the rilawful addresses of ax immoral friend. Lullaby, by wa:r of renge, breiks the opposite window withtsome halfpence before he 7itche. out the pocketbook, and has thu further satisfaction of seeing tlhat -valuable article fall intl) the nijiddle of the road, where it is pick ed up by a eossing-sweeper, -the Nemesit of the wicked Brown. This little piece is an adaptation from i vaudeville by MML Delacour and lirand, eirlitld Monsieur .a oa= circle, and proeued at the Palais IRoyal last April. The ingenuity with which a story of sustained interest is constructed out of such slight materials, redounds greatly to the credit of the FEnmch inventor.% brut considerable praise is likewise due to Mr. flAvers, the Englih. adapter, -who, while trifesnang the seene to our metrogAlia, bas enlivened thedilopse with gemuina London "fun." Te acting, ly YMr. Robieoo, lwhm Stirin6 asthepun 7ton,fraed,to gvern 'kei r 1+ cotaxingor hy command, is exeellent t ln.gol t.tt ltr. A.:Wiiari will take hist bene1fit to-night (SatnrdayJ, when tlte eomtediettaDiceee Ground swill be played for the fir£t time at the Olypic, -witEh the le ssee aethe -priacipad eclir, -e 'e:-
From the LONDO 2 AZE7TTIl of Piriday, 3Wd 4. lDOWTI c4STREP R . Trmr x ... The Queeh has he6n noised'tW -ppoint Wiidrm Aienz i-un -Eaq., to he Clerk, U Works for the Isla%nd of Macsitans. The E TEHAfl JPULY 2.. TeQenhzbeen pleased to dihct letter patent i6'.t& parsmed uinder tho'great seal, grantiong the dignity of a knIg1I' el-the united kidngdomi of Great'-Brilain and Ireliaicdintb VThentine Fleming, Eas.. Chief Justice of the Spes Conrt of Tasmania. 7Thse Queen has also been pleased t iet~~pt urnto Dominic Daly, Razt.,o Aietr,ust-ovrrofPne flempaton, in the county f CDevouand. ics o xbi vibythe death of the Rv. John Pitman. !The Queen has' also been pleased to present the,Rev. John: Aslam lfacfarlane to the church and parish of Xinlochbervie; in,the presbytesy of Tongue, aad connty of 'Suthetlsiafd, -vacant by the death of the Rev. Robert Clark-e. I . JULY 3. S lLY 'The Queen hais been pleased to appoint Joseph M&rltbiudleH1arrison, gent,' to be Lieutenanit in the Artillery Coin. orL-ondoA for, the termof five years, from the date 'The Queen has boon pleased to grant unt,o Richara Harding, of South Molten, in the county of Devon; and. of Tocrr Down, intheparishof Swynabridge, inthe raid couinty, Clerk, Master of Arts, Her Royal licence and auathority, thjat he and his issue may, in compliance with a clause contained in the last wvill and teetamsent of his maternal great uncle, James Nott, late of Torn Down aforesaid, 'Esq., dtcQedse, tak-e andl henceforth use the surame of Nett, inistead of that of Hlsrdingj and also bear the armns of Nott ,qfarterly wiith hin andl their ownx family anus ; such arms being first dul-y exemplifiedI according to the laws of areas, end recorded in the Herald's-office, otherwise the sad Royal lIkence and permission to be void and of none effect ; and also to command that the said Royal concession aind declaration be registered in Her Majesty's College of Aims. Jima: 25. .Tue Right Hon. Sir John Jervis, Knight, Lord Chief Jisico er Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, atWest-, miinster,~ has appointed GeorgeNelson Tanner, of Speenisamland inthecouny o Boks, entema, to ba one of the Perpeta Commissonou-bs for takingo the aCkomiitedenoe passed, fornthe abolition offnes Plandtrecovshveeris indfrtea through the Secretary of State for Foreign Afiairs, a. copy 'df a despatch from Her Majestys Ambassador at Pans, enclosing a copy of a French Beperial Decree, fixing as follows the duties upon the undermentioned articles:-_ Fabrics of cotton (other than namkeens), 35 per cent, ad 2woks-en; fabrics of wool, 30 per cent, a calore/oren; to be ecinverted into a fixed duty, to be determiined by the Conrcultative Committee of Arts and Manufactures ; wearing apkarel, 40Oper cent. adc seories-ns Products arising directly ;or indirectly from the decompoasition of salt will further 3iy the duty to which manufactured salts are subjeotby the Decree of the 17th March, 1852. ,ADMIRALTY, Jus-NE 28. CORSt' OF ReYA. MARNcr.- Gentleman Cadet=Gog Ifajonde Viviani to be Second Vient. Gentleman Cadet Chre dAr Senrate to be Seonnd Lieut. Gtentleman Cadet Edward O'Donovan P?owell to be Second SLetet. Gentleman Cadet James Anderson Merice to be Second Lient. Gentleman CadetlDaniel Thomas Wlood udffto be Secod Vent. Gentl7eman Cadet WlinYoanoadtieScnd Vet. Jims: 27. BREVET. CORPS or' ROYAL M.usnexs. ient.-Cal. Peter Trans Murray Payne, basing been allowed to retire sin full pay, un3der the provisons of Her Majesty's Order in Council, 'Septenim 13,184,to beCal.,the rank being honorary only. JuicE 2&. CoRtas or Rens. MARINEs. Cp.Arthur Sandys Stawell Walsh to be Vdent-Cot, ilce Payee First Vient. rancis Hrarry. Xoott to be Captt., vice Walsh promotd Second idens. Daniel Conner to be Pitlient., vice o ti,po- Jurr 2. CoxtPS OF HOYAL MA-.RISS. BREVET. Vlent-Cot John Charles Grey Courtis, baving been allowed to retire on full pay, under the previsions of Her Majesty's order in Council, September 13, 1854, to be Colonel, the rank being honorary only. COMMISSIONS Signed by the LoR3n-1azur;Acn-T of the County of Nossrumusost- LA-ND. Northumberland itegimnent of Light. Infantry Mlltia.-WlMiam ottse, to beLient. By the LosnD-LronxTeAnT- of the County Palatine of OnEInrss * 1t Rtegimenst of hoyal Cheshire Mfitlta,-lInsigu Charles Scion 4Clarke, to be liens., vice Saunders, promoted. PAItTIh2ItHIPS DISSOLVED. W. and A. Morris, -lislax, worsted bpinners- J. Mann and Co., Halifax, belch makors.-liik and. Furucs, Liverpool, merchants.- Da sd Blomfield, Chimney-mills, Soffo1lt cove mlller-Bevezidge and CO., Preton, ironfoucrdeas-Monles and Simpson, bManhester, commission agests.-J. Scott anad J. Stevens, Manchester, conummison agns-ti.Bignell sand G. F. Fryer, Great Windmll-ots-et, Haysnsret.Peekverand Ferrand, Bradford, York, wool merchants; as tarasregrd B.Ferand.-G. B. Brewer and J. Walton, liverpowl aocrchass-Adam and Co., Leicester-square, drapems-A. ont- eraDCo,Great Winchester-street.-M. Moore and Co.. Sunderlar= m-J. Walkerand Co., Wolverhaspton, out naIl manuJatrr.-J H. andEIL Brancker. Liverpool, stoeibrokess,-M'ilsese ram-s, Breckneck-place, Camden Town, milliners; as far as regardas J.Pamy .-W%. ltevely and Co., Newesstle-npon-Tyne, wholesale groceer- 1.Coming andW. Basset, Mortimer-street, Cavendlis TqaO, nuetioners-Crook and Watson, Przeston, cotton c:oth mnfctues -F. S. Cecdd and HL Wills, Plymouth, auctioneems-J. Blackburn and CO., King-street, Cheaspide. woollen factors.-NWhtfelld and Paine, .dnhford, surgeecs. - C-SJ. Miles and T. Thomas, Sliced andI Swansea, grocems-Barbcer and Wouthii3gton, Manchester and elsewhere, contrnectors-D. and S. B. Neilson, Liverpool. stockbrokers.-AIlen, Han- bus's,andBary,Plough-couit, Lombari-rtreet, chymista; by the retremnt f S F.Barry. - Levy, Danziger, and COs., Lododn-wall and Bfelbooren, merchianta-Mtorison and Skafte, Liverpool. ship chandIers-B. Gill and S. Waddisgton, Barnsley, nyema-l H, Clegg and -W Imoray. Liverpool. general brokers.-5ichell mlid West, TXavistoek, aumseons-G. Coslston and Co., Boweram and Lancaster, tanners DECLA.RATIONS OP DIVIDENDS. HL N. Bytles, Gosport-firs div. of f c., on Tuesday, October 2. or any anbse,ient Tuesday, at Mr. Peunnel's, Guildhall-chambere,Basing- L.A. and W. Barcigett. Old Broad-street, 'merchants-fourth div. of ldrt, and div. of 2lls on the separate estate of L, Alexander, Tuesday, Oc.tober 2, or on any subsequent Tuesdiny, at Mr. Pennelils, Guilcihai-' chambers, Basinghall-street, F. T. DoGddington. Aldersgate-street, manufacturer of lace fallssecond div. of' Ld. Tuesday, October 2, or any subsequnent Tuesday, at MIr. Fenn,ell's, Gulldhall-chsanbers, Basiughall-street. L. Golf mith, Queen-street, Cheapside. merehsnt-recond div, of Is. Ed. on Tuaesday-, October 22, or nay FUbEq(Ecent Tuesday, at Mr. P'esnell's, Guildhall-c;anmbcrr, Basfieghall-street. S. Wyatt, Aldermanbury, wholesale stationer-Seat dir, of le 4d. on the separate estate, on Tuesday, Get. 2. or any.usebequent Tuesday, at Mi. Pennell's. Gnildhall-chambers,Barinhahll-street. H. Fairwonther, Norwich, upholserer-lirstdiv.of Is. l0d.Tuesday, Oct. 2, or any eubsequent Tuesday, at "Jr. Penuell's, Guilihallchaabmbr Bazddgbali-!retr.s A,.B. Homershana, Russell-street, Bermondisey, woolstapler-third. div. of 2ld.. Tuesday, Oct. 2, or an; subseeluentlTuesday, at Mr. Pennell's, Guildhall-chsambere Basinghall-street. S. 'vroy Frederick's-olace, Old Jewry, woollen warehousorman,second dir, fl 6s d.. Tuesday, Oct. 2, or any subsequent Tuesdlay, at Mr. Pennell's. G;uilldhall-chamnbere, Basinghall-strets. J. Bavin, Wisbeach, Cambride draper-fourth cliv. of 7d. Tuesday, Oct. 2, or any eubeeque-nt Tu!e-sday, at M1r. Penueli's Guilcihallchamber, Basinghall-street. G. We. a. Chapman Booghton, Malberbe, Kent-third div. of Id on ticecla, Os. nr ay suseqentTuesay,at r. Ponuell's, Guild- lasli-coacobers, BcnThuhsllnettaed Coleman-street ~ ~ ~ emn-tret 0. Fail.Pemboke-harf Caldonin-rod,tad Goldest-lane, ironrouner-irs di, o 3d.on hurdaynex anthree following Thurs- S. Bush Buclcebury wie mechat-seonddiv. of 2'. Ed. on 'Thrday ext nd tree olloing hursays a M.r. Graham's, Cal, C. Sisybery,.Earl's-court, Old 'Bram pon boarding housekeeper-rsot dir,of2Is.2ad.any Wednesday, at,Mr Whitmors's, Basinghallstroet. - . es, fleet-treet, and St. James's-walln Clerk-enwell, bookseller -thidclv of 2Id. anylWednesday, at Mr. Whitunore's, Ba,singhnilstret. J. G. Perkins, Warmford-court, Throgmorton-street, rtnekbroker, fir-st dir, of es. U.t, and first dir, of 2s. Sd. on she joint estate of J. C'. 3Perkins and See, any Wednesday, at Mr. Whitereore's, Basiughalistreet W. H. Bridge, jon., Warmborsegh, near Odihamn, butcher, second div, of lid., any Wednesday, at Mtr. Whitmore's. Basinghail-street. 'W. Thomas, Catherine-street. Strand, publisher, fist div. oflIs. ltd., na ednes dal, asMr. Whitmore'r, Baaingboll-otreet. iLltoem, i lgham, metallic bedstead manufacturer, second div, of Is. 6d., any Thursday, at Mr. Christe's, Birmingham. W. Fisher, Stratford-ucenAvOn, reer. fieat div. of llb. Sc]., on Thursday next, or anys qnont T usaday, at Mn. Christie's, Birainigham. IT BEs South Shields, spirt mierchant, first div. of is. 7d]., any tudyat Mr. Baker's, ?icwesstle-e.pou-Tyso. ~heda,'oe - . , Broeckest, Newsaztle-on-Tycse, and Wh. ba nog rErivener. second dir, of 2d., in addition to Is. previon-ly declre'd, n Saturday, at Mr. Baker's, Nesecastle-nron.Tyne. B. Tregenra, Stockton upon-Tees, shoe dealer, secondI dir, of 2d., In addition to 2,. previously declared, any Saturday, at Mr. Baker's, NeWcsstle-upon-Tyse. P. Word, ]Rarsinatn, Camberland, alkali manufacturer, first, div. of d., it nnew proofs, heinepart of formner div. of Is. 6d. previoasly do=byecreditors who have proveds] ince the 23d of November, 1815, anY Staturday, at Mr. Baker's, Newncastle-upan-Tyne. J. 0. Holmues, Sunderland, timber merchants, thirdl adI final thy,. of its. Ed. on the separate estate in addition to the l7s. 6d. previously aleelared. say &aturday, at lie. Baker's, Newcastle-upon.Tyne, - J. Dove, Darlinston. tanner, third and Ibisl div. of S 3-5d., in aeldiuson to Is. 8.cd. previously declared, any Satorday, at Mir. Baker's, lfeweastle-upon-Tyone. S. Canlton Darinogton. coach moaneefacturer, third andi final div. of 2id., in addAition to~ 2s. id. previously declared, soy Saturday, at Mlr. Baker's, Newcastie-upon.Tiyro. BANEKRUITS. - Jon Hwit, jo, lte f Brsciate ice-fok,aile,tsrenr HEnry Beck- St Leonsrds-on-Sea, line n draper, July 1-i, at I o?clock, :ftmd AeiU=tid at half-past ii. at the Bankea-rpte' C'ourt: solicitors, itessre. nhanm, Bartlest's-builditors Holtorc; officinl assnese, Mr6. Edwardls, Sambrook-coort, Basinghall-street. Julius Roberts, Poplar, engineer, July514, at half-pasta2 o'clock, and August 12, at half-past 1, a, the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Wyatt, Yensilns-buiidin_s, Gray's-,inn; officia assignee, Mr. Lee, Aldermranbcrry. IStephen Margetts, Birmingham, licensedl victiualler, July 1%, and Auogust . t rahzl-cest i1o'clock, at theIBirmingham District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitors, ~Messrm Hodgson and Allen, Birminghama; obfidscl a9sirnee, Mr. Christie, Birncinghams, John Briesdley. Chester, brickmaker, July 15. and August 12, at it o'clock, at the Liverspool District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitors, Messrs. Evans and Son, Liverpool; official assignee, Mr. Cazenove, Liverpool. Edward Gee. Blackrod, necar Vegan, coal dealer, July 15. sand August19, at 12 oclock. at the Mlianchester District Court of Bankruptry; Eolicitor, M1r. Darlington, WlVgan: official.assignee, M~r. Post, l.Manchester. W yilli,am Ha1Top, Bingley, Vorkebire, stuff manufacturer, July l22at 33 o'clock. sand August 91, sellI, at tho Leeds District Coont of Bankruptcy; solleciers, Mersrs. Rawson, George, and Wade, Bradford; and Xessrs Bond and Ilarwvick, Leeds; oflica assignee, Mr. HoPe, Joshua Clayton, Bradeford, YorkahrCcommlseon agent, July SIt at. half-past 12 o'clock, and August Il. a; Il, at the Leeds District Court evf BanLratey s olicitors, Meant Bit'tley sand Wood, Bradford ' and Messrs. C ask ad Cudworth, Leeda; ofiHcia assignee, Mr. AeOpe, -Aiugust15, J. Owen, galfeed, bs'sern-Judy 3I, W. Cruse, Olastontoy stieneer.-July 26, 5. Pisl,Seled coal merchant - -uy I6 0 layo unIt (I, f(roQkC, Shfild rcrs-uy25, P. M'irmell and G Smith, iveinoon, and Huyton Qlurny. mansf.atanrot w&tepoof 'fbdlc&-_n uly W. Rcnkre, 3. John. .od W. ankin, Lav&poen , pright&-ut424 J. 3 CTrJonUoa.i:ad Pool, eispbsoker. - - - CMT3MC-&TMS to be rated, tMIeu eCe be-osown to th roe. trary. on the das of meeti-v Jnly25.J.G. Fros. imborie Miator. innkeepe,-Ju1y tt w St .Mrn 0'scont Ludgatc-ldfi. monger.-Ann 5, D. -Pj D.LviZ, Mlerthyr Tydvil. genenal ebonkeeper.-JSni" 2h. o. Eyde~ * 8,kx~t sTendle rakcer.-J...,2t r. Itobose,2 oGja Ep lb:jdrSl Jones, WhitchuX, acinvener. , at - - l.Keay, jun.,lateof Perth, jeweller, J fly1%,at 1 OaCotk, al the Itovl Gcoge Hotel. Pest], H. C.Ulente, Tam, w5ne merchant, Julyl16, atL at M'Gaero' Hiotel. Tan B.. A tzdng Castlo Dongl,w, grocer, Jul 1t, atl2, attbe (,omnw moerdial Inn, Cttle Dongla, Thb AeTe OPHe of oWM orMU3mooTdD 2nUW o0Pited f L the wturr3 made Iz the week ding the let oi July. exetlushi ot Cudtq& Aidutiez paid or payable thecon on &ha impowlaU thgeso ntodrea Bin , a. From theBEitihMpmesdouoiUAm .. 30 6 cwt, Yromthe Maorit us.. . 30 7 PrommteEmetIndies .. .. .. .. l9 4& The average price of.the thmeforeo=ng de- criptionsofrgar,ujointly oompopu aboTe andexcldefdaty, .. .. .. 30 .51 B. aIV tho,ityof PalmeDA ED2,Y 33ac Clerk of the Gnxoa' Compiy. Goce'-bIl, Jcly 4.
TO THE BDITOP. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It was my misfortune to write a certain popular song, entitled "The Low-backed Car"-I say misfortnme, for it has tumbled me into a heap of troubles. At first my car went ahead, but Pegasus, offended perhaps at being yoked to so humble a vehicle, backed me into the. law eourts. After escaping the dangers there a new danger awaited me in the courts of criticism, for the musical critic of the AtlAencum, having plunged over.hastily into some speculations as to whether the songs published in my. name are composed by me or not, subsequently dealt uncandidly with my own evidence, as given on the trial at law, to support his own hypothesis, and to insinuateagainst me the shabby crime of falae pretence. I addressed a letter to the Athemneas, complaining of and defending myself against this charge, but portions of that letter wrere garbled, and some suppressed altogether, and the original injustice of which I complained was aggravated by the u/n- founded comments made by the Athcenmun. on my remonsitrance. To contend fusrther with so unfair a n adversary :.nhia own colulmns would be w orse than useless; I therefore appeal, S3ir, to you, and that chivalrons snirit which characterires 2VLc Times as the champion of the vsonged, to grant methe privilege of anarnswer in yOUr. The critic of the A tacr.umm, shirking the question in dispute, assumes the ironical, declaring I should be conten that my injured namse appears in illustrious and equally illused company, but I haveno ambition to be maligned with 3ioore, or renowned im the musical martyrology of the Finally, says the critic, "if we were as ill-natured as Mlr. Lover assumes that we are, we might ask what becomes of Mr. Lover's farme ais a melodist w hen the credit of ' Rory O'Mlore,' 'The Low-backed Car,' and " The ngel's Whispr is restored to the trne owners;" The critic's discLaimer of ill-nature, taken with what follows, is very like a hull, but I can take the sting out of this goodnatredquetioby the simple truth. Ineyer claimed tearoftee songs, therefore there is nothing to " restore," and I am content with the fact of having written these wrords, as it wras :oy words that gave celebrity to airs before unknown. If I have not the fame of having written those melodies, I have the better fame of being too honour-~ able to claim what is not my own. *But my reputation as a melodist does not depend on those sar merely- let "Mlolly Bawn," " The Laud of the West," "Wlidow 1iachree," and some score of other popular songs answer for me, I am, Sir, writh great respect, Your obedient servant. SAMUEL Ov-ER. I Banes July 2.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I knowyourindependenc is such that you would not sanction a hardship, though your own advertising columns had been the cause of it. In January last an advertisement appeared in your papr, headed " Secretary Wanted." I came to london, and, having put in my appearance as directed, I was told that Mr. - (a solicitor) was engaged on a heavv case and could not be seen for several days. This was on a Saturday, and, having taken a " return " ticket, I was obliged to go home on the following Monday; this journey and hotel expenses cost me 21. 5s. On Monday last another advertisement appeared, headed ina similar way, saying that the governors of a certain institution would meet on Wednesday, the 30th inst., &c., after which announcementyou will find these words:-" In the meantime information may be obtained of the hon. secretary, . P. .. Palace-road, Lambeth." Once more I have travelled 198 miles hither, and on going this day to the house as above partially indicated, I was told by a woman servant that Mdr. G- was gone out for a month ' I then inquired if the clerk could give me the neceasar7 particulars, and the reply was, " He has a week's holyday, and will not be homne till Tuesday next." As I cannot remain in town owing to other engagements, I am thus mulct of the expenses of a second vist to London for nothing. I am sure you will say this is not fair dealing. Another 2U. 5s., besides loss of time, entirely sacrificed. Is it a London "dodge," or a bond ftde transaction? I am. Sir. yours. &c. EPSILON.
INCMDENTS AT THE CANM AT BALTSCELK.-TO render the recurrence of the miseries endured by our army intheCrimea.from short rations impossible the Government established at several points within easy distance of the Crimea depOts of horses; bullocks, eheep, and other stores upon a scale of considerable magnitude. One of these depOts was formed et BaltcEiik, a few miles from Varna, and a detachment of the Land Transport Corps, of the Turkish Contingent, commanded by a few Englsh officers, was stationed there as a guard, and appeared to obtain for themselves the goodwill of tho people of the country. Lately, however, atrocities of the most revolting character have been perpetrated by them on the soldiers and officers of the force in charge of the depot, and within a few dayspriorto thedate of ourcorrespondent's letter (the 10th of June) no less than four murders had taken place. One victim to the cowardly and murderous attacks of these bloodthirsty villains was Mr. William Peirce, a lieutenant in the before-mentioned corps. On Thursday, the othof June, he left the camp, attended by one privateleading three horses, with the intention of going to Yarna. There not being any regular rced, they had to Proceed for some miles through the wood that lies hetween'arna and the camip; but, it being quite light (6 'clock in the morning), and they anticpating to complete the journey before noon, both Mr. Pelice and his attendant were unarmed. They had not, however, proceeded more than nine miles when the solder who was riding in the rear of his officer, observed a mn suddenly appear in a bush at the side of thepaththey 'were pursuing, and, simultaneously with the crack of a rifle, beheld Mrr. Peirce stretched lifeless on the ground. At once discerning that all hope of resistance would be futile, the soldier tbrew himself from his horse, and plunged into the brushwcod, followed by three musket balls discharged by the bandits. F.rtunately, this time their aim was erring, and the man escaped with much bodily fatigue to the seaside, and late in the day made his way back to the camp, where the melancholy news aroused, as might be anticipated, feelings of the deepest regret and indignation. Insftantly every man not on duty armed, mounted his horse, and galloped to the scene of the revolting murder. The body was found quite dead. the balIhaving entered his right breast in a position instantly to cause death. His pockets had been rifled, his watch taken, and the five horses stolen. The corpse was conveyed by some of the soldiers to Balschil-, and upon the return of those who scoured the country (though unsuccessfully) in search of the miscreants was buried there with full military honiours. Mr. Pierce was much beloved by his brother officers and the men of his company, who were at the time of the despatch of our correspondent's letter eager for the confirmation of a report that had reached them of the apprehension of four men vho there appeared to be little doubt were the actual murderers, as the horses were reportod to befound in their possession. Hardly had the camp recovered from the shock produced by the before-mentioned painul occurrence when ib was again plunged into still deeper gloom on the following Tuesday (June the 10th) by an event attended with equally fatal consequences, though the rcsultofaccident. Itappearsthat Mr. Elkes, the veteri- ary surgeen of the detachment, had afew days prior thothis date given a full-dress dinner to the officers in honour of his birthday, and among the guests was an old College friend named WVeston, who was so anxious to be present thathe ame from Ealaklava to the dinner. uts being scarce, 3r. Elkes and his friend bad to sleep in the same room, and from the insecurity that reigued around each had his arms by the aide of his bed. Beforeodaylihton themornimgof the l0th of June, ?r. Elkes, forsome causewhich will for evcc remain a mystery,got up and muoved about the hut, but it WalS too dark for lus~ friend to recognize him. Mr Weston said, "Elkes, there is some one in the room, and if they do not speak I will fire ," hut he made no reply. ML- Weston again called out, "Fred (meaning Mr. Elkes), I see the shadow of a man movirg in the room, and if he does not speak I will fire r' but still no answer. He fired, and the ball went through the heart of his friend, who fellexclaiming, " Oh, Weston, you have shot me through the beart," and never spoke more. The father of Mr. Weston is a clerk of high standing in the Bank of England, who will doubtless feel inset deeply the melancholy tidings. MWr. Weston is placed under arrest, though be will upon his trial be acquitted, as he is entirely free froni blame, an d appears to have exercised mu.ch forbearance n refrsining to fre so long, having the murderof xr. Peirce, which only occurred a. few days beforc, fresh in his memory. COM=nruICATnO?r BnrrEmNOVEFORD AND ARsEstcrA. -It is stated that 3Glford Haven has been selected as the port of departure for America of a line of steamers of immense tonnage and great power. Mr. Enoch Rail. of Boston, in the lJnited States, has been surveying the ground for the purpose of running four steamers of 4,000 tons each. - Another gentleman, Mr. J. Croskey, of Southampton,' has also been inspecting the port for the purpose of ascertaining its capabilities for the departure thence of steamer3 of' immense power and stowage.. The latter gentleman is the owner of large steamers plyingbetween Southamptori and America, but these are not to be removed, xs a perfectly' new line is to be created. The owner of the Milford estates bas givew every facility for the use of the land.
AB LIAMBNZ4RY INTLIG!ENCB. - I 3IHOUSE OF LORD-YwY, JuLY 4. The LORD, C1E4a?CELL0R took his seat on tho woolsck at! 15 o'clock. i ; zad BERNERS pzesented a petition from: Leicester, praying that the law of est forebt, might be either en- ylly abolished, or so nLOdifiec as to affect the fraiidulent azd dishonest oaiy and not the poor. -. I;ord DUNGAN_NONT prnred. ;petitionfromthe.lerw; of ,the rural deanery of. ner.-Baraet. in Middlesex, praying that church-rates might not be abolished with-out an equiva. LEGSILATiVE COUOiL OF INDIA The Earl of A LE IAWILE presented a petitiost from the landholders, planters,. merchkits, and othersn iterestd in the agoulture,commerce, and.trades of Bengal, prayingfor ca enlagement of the Legislative Council by the aMmission into it, by appointment of Het Maiesty or otherwise, of pewsons selected from, the Indian ,communities without distinotion of rece or creed., and to call the attention of the House to the exclusive and unsatisfactory constitution, of the existinz Legislative Council. The noble earl said that the Legislative Council was comosed exitiely of the servants cf -the Craown and df the East idia Company, thus cxelading all the natives ira 10,000 lEropeans. This council was as remarkable for its ignorance and inefficiency as for itis exclusiveness. Composed of a few officers of revenue and justice; it had to legislate for eight naitions withoutanyaszistsice fromthe native Powers. A few weeks ago he called attention to-the legislation of this council with regard to the Ia of Singapore. Hie had shown that their legislhtion had thrown the 'hole of the monetary system of the thriving settlements in the Straits of Mal cca into a state of the utmost cono fusion. It was impossible. inteed, to coneive the absurdities and follies perpetrated bv this counciL He had received a letter within tho last few days from a gentleman in India, stating that no act promulgated by the couhcil had given satil,faction, aod* that their proceedings had excited dismay, disgust, and opposition fromn all parties. He had on a former occasion implored Her Majesty's Go. vernment to extend to India the privileges which had been successfully intrcsted to Ceylon, Trinidad, and other Crown colonies-far inferior in numbers, wealth, and intelligence. The act of 1853 vas paised at a time when they did n't know the East India Company i3s Well as they did now, aInd he hoped Her Majesty's Govemrnment .would see the necessity of introducing a meastue at en early period for extinguishing the monopoly charawter of legislation for Ibdia, . and mking their measures more poapular, more practical, and more usefuLr ThetBishop of OXFORD presented a great number of petitions from places in Oxfordshire against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalsnt. EvIDENCE Dr FOREIGN SUITS BILL. The LORD CEANCELLOR moved the second reading of this bill, which, he said, -was intended to allow ofE the examination of witnesses upon its being certified bv any foreign Minster that a cause was pending in a foreign court in which their evidence would be important. The biU was read a second time. TEE CE135NEYSWEBPERS ACT. The Earl of SIIAFTESBURY presented a petition from Mr. Edward Shipley Ellis, of Leicester, worsted spinner, and memberof the town-council, which stated,- " That the effect of the exertions of the society (of which he is secretary) was to liberate upwards of 103 boys illegaUy employed 'in climbing' in the town ; but that it has since come to his knowledge that many of these children, so set at Lberty, have been transferred or sold by their parents to master sweeps in other edunties. ' That the sum is from 20s. to 25s. yearly, and frequently for five years. " That for thiBs mone r payment these children are a:bandoned by their parents, and made to follow a cruel, disg-ust ing, and illegal occupation. I That it is a fact, vithin the knowledge of your petitioner, that these children are transferred from one master sweep to another,and it is his conviction that there are no less than 3,000 of these pcor children employed at present in England, ' That your Pettioner having found from experience that the act 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 85, passed for the purposeof preventing tbeemploymentoof childrenin sweeping chimneys, does not effect the desired end, prays, therefore; that immediate steps le taken to amend die said act, and so terminate this disgraceful system of infant slavery." The noble earl said, there could be no doubt the act was very grossly evaded in iLU parts of the country, although in the metropolis, contain:ng a population of 2,500,000, it was duly observed. There wvas no reason whatever why the act should not be observed in every part of the kingdom, and its non-observance entailed upon children great cruelty and suffering. He would :not detain their lordships by a long narrative of aes of cisease and mutilation; it was Sufi cient to sany that mally children wrere crippled in early life and rendered wholly inciapable of earning a livelihood. It 'was manifest that while these children were handed over to absolute and unqualified slavery it was impossible they could receive the first rudiment-, of education, and that treatment of a most disgusting anderuelcharacter must have a depressig inflience on their moralfeelings. He hoped the verusnment would pay attention to the prayer of the petition, and take intto consideration the inefficiency of the act. (Hear.) DWELLINGS FOR THE LABOURING CLASSES (IRELAND) BILL The Marquis of CLANTRICA.RDE, in moving the second readin of this bill, saiI that, whatever alterations might be made incommittee, no objection could be urged against its principle. The Earl of DONO-UGHMORE approved the principle of the bill, but announced Ids intention or moving some amendments in committee, The bill was then rease a second time. EXCHEQ(UER BILLS (4,000,0001.) BILL. This bill was also readl a second time. DIVORCE AND r1TRIMON\AL CAUSES BIIL. This bill was read a third time. Upon the question that the bill do pass, The LORD CHANCELLOR.availed himself of the portunity to record his opinion upon the subject of tha proviso which had been introduced into the bisl on the presious evening. He shorld therefore move the omission of the proviso, although he, could not expect to be supported by many of their lordships. and he should not in that case trouble them to divide. The proviso to which he referred prohibited the intermarriage of persons who had been guilty of adultery. Priiizd facie such a prohibition might appear likey to deter persons from committing adultery, but he feared that, in fact, it woul,d be found to encourage that sin, and that in a g.eat majority of cases the gunilty man would be relieved and s. terrible punishment inflicted upon the guilty woman. There was a standing order of their lordships' House which required that in every biL for a divorce a clause prohibiting the intermarriage of the guilty persons shonldbe inserted, hut it, was felt to be so grievous a penalty upon the woman that it wasinvariablystruckout. Thepro viso which bad been introduced did not comply wvith the words of Scripture as iiiterpreted by the right rev. prdaltes on the previous evening, for it did not prohibit the. remarriage of the woman put aaway, but only applied to a particalar individual. He should therefore formally move the omission of the proviso, in order that his opinion upon the subject might be forsall.y recorded. The noble and learned lord's amendment was negatived andl the bill passed. DRAINAGE (PRIVA9'E ADVANCE) ACTM AMEND- MENT BELL. The report of amendments upon this bill wvs a3greed to. - CAMI BRIDGE UNIVERSITY BILL. The House went into committee upon this biL Clauses 1 to 5 were agreed to. Upon clause 6, Lord L7TTELTON moved an amendment to remove the restriction imposed by the clause as it stood, requiring the eight elected members of the Council of the Senate to be chosen from the electoral rolL Should that amendment be agreed to he should also uropose that the members of the senate should be required to be actually resident at the university, and, with that view, he would move that words similarto those in the 13th clause of the Oxford Aet be introduced. The LORD CHANCELLOR opposed the amendment, thinking it would involvre unnecesscry complications in the working of the bill. The amendment was negatived and the clause agreed to. Causes 7 to 30 were also agreed to with verbal amend- mnents. On clause 31, providing that the commissioners mayframne university statutes, L-ord LYTTELTON said, he could not at all see why Cambridge should be treated so diffdrently from Oaford in respect to the legislative powers given to the commissioners. In the Oxford Act no such general powers were given, but by the Cambridge Bill the comminssioners might, for a period of tvao years, frame statutes for any of the purposes mentioned in tllm preceediDg clauses, in case the umversity itself shoutld not have donso w,hdi not propse to take away that power, bu the l pro vided that only statutes passed byth comsinr affecting certain gifts or endowments should be laid before the Council of the Senate. He thought this limitation ought notto exit nd that all the statutes 'framed by the cm ssonlers shul be laid before this body. He therefore proposed the oimissi on from the clause of the worcls whichi restrcted the statutes to be so submitted to the Counci of the Senate to such " as shall be for the altering ormodifying any,of tile ilaid. trusts, statutes, or directions ausecing any gift or endowment held or e~njoyed by the universitg, or y any professor, lecturer, reader, preacher, or scholar therein, or the said endowmen'ts of Lady Sadler, or of the offices of ChrAtian Preacher and Christian Advocate, or of Williami Worts." The LO-RD CHANCELLOR opposed the amendment. After a few words from the Earl of PojyiS, their lordships divided,- For the amendment ... ... ... 51 Against it .. ... ... .. 26 Majority for thei amiendment . .. -25 The clause, as amendecl, was then agreed to. On clause 44, which ernacted that it should not be necessary to make a declaration or take an oath on matriculating or on taling a degree, Lord LYNDEHURST said, it was his intention to move an amendment by restoring the clause to the state in which, it wis originally proposed to the House of Commons. That clausewas altered in committee ; and the alteration was carried by a very small majority in a very small House. Their lordships would understand the effect of it. It was to; admit Dissenters from tbe church of England to the senate-that was, to the governing body of the university. -That body passed the laws of the university; it elected the council of the university.; it elected the ofc cers of the university, and among other officers those connected with relgion aud wth rtligious education. The question, tbere for one of, v ui. L undebsted' s-te 'lee d hnsiorin- t)Iat'~ Ti 'ey the universities and-t- -e-ch-of Englaad. The whcle ministrtion of the- church. proeded' - froia the university. lt as a i, i4portant, ti jtnzh - fo're, t6tak- e car at tboe Iho ' -oleda the Wsie i 'should b members of the churci 'of gl - tlseisS lotdships adopted this.ngt:gbey,w-*oulK be adoptiniganiont Important alteration; andeiysy.ighk Aapesd upo it, it would have a cecided in6u es c u -the -religion of the count'y. He would ther9d'eare. tlfrcomu end their lordshlps to reinsert the wori "wcMli had been strIk oute the flause.-~ Hevronld zepeatbtAbho ilteration"Wam riad& in a comperafivelyzihall Hone, kds was carried br-i siiiall 'mwajority and earried, heWb~lferjhby surprise. H Pi thought it impowsible that the Govermnent5 in *be other House of ' Farjiament, could sanctibrW-i,t change_. Eis belidf wasthat the Govermment was on'tbht occasion also teken by surprise. But vith res Ietto"nature of the amesdmernt itself be. did sot wishtoelr .pon his- own opiniom, -He had,been much struck wit; oertain observations which he had understood to havebeen enied in anoShei jloac wntE regard to the amendment which.wai there carried. Thosb observations were that ths sffect ofthe-aenndment woiilad be to confer upoi Dissenteswho t6ok.the higher d 'greeca right of interference,in the affairs of the university anda: vote for members of Prsliament. He feared that it. iould. niar the usefulness of the-bill by excitin a feeling .of hostility and alarm.inthe mninds of those wEose .co-operation was necessary for the effizient working of the inekr¶uc It must not be forgotten that; thee..was a Etrong conmexio between the church of England and the universities, and-e. proposal to allow Dissentius to interfere in fixing the theologicil studies to be pm sf.ed in those uniiversities would excite grea't alarm in the iainds of many persons. He opposed theamnendmnent, believing that it would teud to' ,impair the usefulness of: the university." Now, with those observations he entirely concurred. They were observations ascribed, and he believed justly ascribed, to a member of Her Majesty's Government, ihat member being the gentleman -*ho had charge o tWe bil in the other house of Parliament; and he thought thereforo that, taldng those observations in connexion with the fact that the vote in the other housee of Parliament was obtained by surprise, their. lordships would agree to.ate restoration of those words fm the clause which prented Dissenters from taking any isartin the government of the 'University of Cambridge -hwich had been expnnged in the other house of Parliament.- (Hear, bear.) the uoble and learned lord concludedbv moving, as an amendment, the restoration of certain words isithe clause, the effect of which 'was to prevent Dissenters taking part in she government of the uiversity. . . . *. The LORD CHNCELL,OR would admit thst it was true that such a restriction was contained in the biU which was before their lordships two years . ago, and also that the bill which had been introduced during the present sessi6n contained the words which-the noble and learne-d lod now wished to restore. For his owLn par. he should have been perfectly satisfied with the bill if those words had been retained, but. as they had been struck out by the House of Commons, he ventured to submit to their lord-kips, that unless it could be clearly sihown that their omission'creaWd any serioug evil, or gave riu to any real apprehensionof danger to the church of Esigland, jt would not be advantageous that upon a question of this description their lord-. shps should place themselve s in autagoniim with the other House of ParL;a nent. [Iord l yndhurst.-Tiiere is no iuch omi8sson in the4 Oxcford BilL] There was not; but still it would not be creditable to their-lordsips .to place themselves in antagonism *ith the bouse of Commons on the subject. It was only a fortnight back since an argument was pressed upon their loIrdships which appeared to him to be germane to the present question. The noble and learned lord opposite occupied the attention of their lordships for a length of time upon a quetion upon which he regretted to say that he was defeated, and the argument empiloyed by the noble inc learned lord ws singularly applicable to the present question. If it were not dangerous-and the noble end learned lord argued that it was not-to the Christian legislation of th country to admit Jews into Parliament, surely it could not he dangerous to the church of England character of the Uniiversty of Cambridge to admit Dissentersinto its Senate. Forhisownpalt, he believed that the adission of Dissenters would not be dangerous to the church of EnglandL butto the Disenters themselves. It had bad been said byapopular writer, Dissenters never remained so during two generations, and they would be more likely to become members of the established church than to induee members of the church to dissent from it. The Earl of DE RBY had great respect for the noble and learned lord, and also for rs. Barbould, but he did iot think that her opinion could be relied upon to guide the cecisions of their lordships. - He regretted that the noble end learned lord shbold have thought it necessary to rest bis argument upon the speech made by his noble andlearned friend on a previous occasion, to the effect that the admission of Jews would not endanger the Christian characteu-of the House of Commons. He could not tell- whether his roble and learned friend acutely felt the sarcasm, but he begged to remind the noble and learned lord that there were many members of their lordships' House who had not sgreed in that opinion, and vwho could consistently maintin that the exclusion of Dinsenters from the governing body was necessary to preserve the church of England character of the university. His noble and learned friend, on the present occasion, asked their lordships to do, and the Government to do, that whiclh both one and the other had declared would be most advantageous,- and to adhere to - a principle which they had established in the Oxford Bill. -He could not conceive upon what ground the noble anid learned Lord Chancellor could sanction the introduction of a bill to amendthe Oxford University Bill, and still less how the Govermment could econclUe themselves to adopting an important principle in one session of Parliament, and then to be ready in she following session to be gatided upon the subject by a chance m3jority of the House of Commons. Be would be most unwillingtoseetheir lordshipsin antagonism with the House of Comnmons, but upon an important principle their lordships would be departing frora their duty, if they consented to abandon thlt which they felt to be right for any such consideration. ]t so happened that in the piesent instance, not only w ere the Government antagonistic to the views which theyhad exrese two years ago, and ageain during the present year, hutt the HIouse of Commons had proved itself antagonistic to if self within the last two years. In the case of the Oxford Bill he Hose of Commons decided by a large majority, and wisely decided, in favour of theadmission of Dissenters to the 'university, but they decided also that they should not be admitted into the governing body. It was in fast the declarations repeatedly made inboth houses of Parliament to that effect, made and supported by the Government, which went far to reconcile themembersof the universitytothe proposedchange, because they felt that in retaining the church of England character of the university, they would ;receive the support of Parliament and of Her MIajesty's. Government. That principle had now been reversed in a thin House of 1S31 or 140 memhcers, and then by a small' msjority, a'.though it had beeni orogmnally agreed to by a Large majority in a House of no less thant 400 members. He wrouldi implore their lordships not to be guided in their decision by the feeling evinced by- . stolen vote of the l[ouse of Commons, nor by the willingness displaved by the Government to play fast and loose, but to adhere to tho principle which they h2d laid down, If the principle were right with regard to Oxford, it could not be wrong with respect to Cambridge; and he earnestly trusted that their lordahipsseould not permlit the Government to go back from the gronnd which they had adopted, and, out of consideration for a trifling majority. of the House oE Commons, to induee them to shrink from that course in a manner not creditable to their consistency. Lord MO1NTEAGLE considered that the bill as it at pre'sent stood was morec onsistent with wise legislation than it would be if altered in the way proposed. He maintained that from the earliest times there had been a wide difference between the 'University of Cambridge and that of Oxford with respect to. Dissenters. In the days of Elizabeih. at Cambridge, a Dissenter was not excluded from taking his degree or becomlg a member of the university. During the reign of James L. the authorities of the u,iversity were forced to do that which they would not have done, except under the compulsion of a monarch. who was not attached to the laws or liberties of England; but long after that inme the cases of Oxford and Cambridge entirely differed. The Dissenter, no doubt, had rcause of complaint in both universities; h ut at Cambridge the course of education was opened freely to him, although he might be refused his degree, whereas at Oxford there was a prohibition on matriculation, and the Dissenter was not admitted to the bcneflts of the same education which he enjoyed at the sister university. He contended, further, that there would be no analogy between the two unversities even if the noble andlearned lord succeeded in carrying his amendment. By the Oxford Bil aDissenter could take only a "B.A."degree. Bythepresentbill, even as amended by the noble and learned lord, he would be admitted at Cambridge to the "M.A." degree, although he would be excluded from the senate. 'the question had been put by the Lord Chancellor upon a right foundation. Could they - show any objection to the adimission of Dissenters except the cry of exclusion, which of all cries was, in his opinion, the one most abhorrent fromthe constitutionof England? What were they afraid of ? There wereabove 3,000 membersof the Eenate, and it was absurd to suppose that any real danger could arise to the church of England from the admission of a few Dissenters to that body. The experitnent had already been tried. Lr. Pitt, in 1793, without objection from tha then Protestant Parliament of Ireland, admitted both Dis: senters and Roman Catholies to the full enjoyment of the University of Dublin; and -he appealed to their lordships whether, wvhile the result of that experiment had furnished them with the best artgment against the nltramontane dcoctrines entertained by a portion af the Roman Catholic party in Ireland with respect to th 3system of united education, they had ever heard a complaitnt arising from the intermixture of the Roiman Catholcs with the Protestant-s? The Earl of DONhOUGHMORE remarked that Dissenters did notform part of the gcoverningbody of the Univer sity of Dublin. Lord MONTEAGLE was av are of that, but they tookthe so e de&ree as Churchmen, and voted for members of Parliament mn the same manner. Bat it was said that by previous dauses of the bill they Ilid admitted Dissenters to the advantages of the university by giving them halls. He regretted that they had done s3, because some incoilveniences, if not dangers, might arise from the establishment of smoall Dissenting communities representing the extreme and ex;clusive opinions of that body; w hereas if Dissenters were admitted fully, freely, and unreservedly to the university, the tendency would be of Dissenters towards the church. not of Churchmen towards Dissent. But he relied upcn authorities,andhe begge.dtheir lordships to observe that the argumentwhich he was about to quote was not founded upon any tempray ortrumpery ground, but upon eternal Drinciples which were at all time equally just andl true. The noble earl opposite (the Esrlof Derby), on the occasion of the presentation ef a ptition iite year1S32 said thathe was most confident that the church would not be stren£gthned by keeping up the system xf exclusion at the universities. fshe noble e.rl then ex:presed an opinion that it was not by exclusion, but by admission, that the intereats of the church were best supportel. If those arguments were good then, they were equalygcod now. He could not-understand how the noble and leanied lord (Lyndhurst) could consistently advocate the admission of those who were not Christians to theLegislature of thi s country, tud at the samne Xi6ebjec tto the amiasi of aD nin: tians one of the -govein-g body of-the Unietri of- Gainbridge. (Hear, bear.) e could not -admit- that this aeration in the bi-m iU, . %rdiansthi i wvbk ,the vote waken was in -the hands, oE mambers. ITke Hoiue of Commion mht io htel d;itsot on fhe tldrd re.dizi lmit te lionse u7nsoinsusy Said Yhwbl L freom glore4 heir l,ordahips not # il a y Jtagreeing to th'e' oti&x of She noble and ~j :The Earl of DERBY saiif that the nolde lord had quote d roma speech- of his delivered 2fs'ao;, ichriehsq. sexte; hinm l having been opPosed, to t-he: stem of.ein-t. ahon, and pledged to the question under thear lordhps', on-1 sidemtion-viz, wliether the b.sents, ougnt 'o be idmitted to thegoyeriingihv oftheuniversitiee, Headhered t6lthe opinion he-then erped,-th'Di";ntiyoutlj ought 1otto .be xclCudedfrom the bheniefits'j,U uititv-'1 education - nd to the imposition DE an oath on iai'tion he haialwaysobjecte& .Bat that lid nothing to o- with the adndsion- of the Dissenter to' tbe goveing. .body.; of the university, and if the noble lord had'ieadthe wkole Df his speech he would ! have fouad tha'hle pro&eded So lit thtt he would not, enterupndetlsas tohov fisndi W'hat mannerit might e desble to modify the ,adiso of Dissenters-whether theyought to.bo abe ited to a1l h3e honours and -none of the powers of.. government, and. whether- there should be Any restriLction- with regafd tothei te rial governmentof thiuniversity. (EIear,iiei). Their lordehips would therefore -see that he had careoflly guarded himself then, as he guarded -himself now, ag&izt declaring his eonon with respect to the modifications-orrelaxations under-whiel Dissenteis ought to be admitted t all the privileges of the university. He had always sid Dissenters ought to be admitted to mricuihltion nat* t-he bachelor's degree; out he didnot think they- ought to re included in the government of the bnive (ithe and in f voar' o that opinion there had bjen recorded during the preset session the vote end opiaion oE almost every member of t.he Government in fthe House of Comtaonsitinclucing the Prinie 2,Inister himdelf.' (Cheers.) - - ; ThBishp-ofST.DAVID'S di{lnot feel himself boud hr his oiconstiton the petition to which the noble lord {Eongdgle) had alluded, and which he (the Bishop of Sit. avid's) had-had the pleesure of signing, since he did obt samem erthatioe of the objectsofthatte-itionuwas to sire theoDisenters ashare iuathegoverniegboiyof eCnniversityo edesired to extendio Dissenters- the fhlleaS sharei thae uonours of the universiy that uwas oonsistent wishthe principles of its constituion in con ecion with the church of ebngland. he di1 not thissnt that a change sfom torta should have been introduced into the hill -in the HouTe oE Commnone in the manner wvhich haa beeni described. - t the same time, he did inot believe tthat the wclase as it torld would enabIe Dissenters at'the University of Cambridge to exercise anyfinjurious infduence on the government of that university, becausetheir numbers wereverysmalleandinsignificant in proportion to the numbers of members of the established church. To the Dissenters, therefore.' the horn in question lwas of the smallest possible minue. The alters-. tion proposed would not deprive them of that-which would 'confer upon the Dissentcs any suhitential polser, but it might infuse element4 of discord and ili-feelini into the rmuiversity. It was wvith very great reluctance, because he shrank from the appeartance of withholding from the Dissenters any privileges which might be safely and usefully conferred, that ne dissented fro a chan,re which he believed would he to them perfectly useless, whEile it would have a detrimental effect ent the social state of the university, *ncd givel members of other universities some rignt to complain (HIear, hear.). Their lordships then divided - Fior tne amendment ... ... ... .. 72 Against it ... ... . . ... 215 hiajority -... 47 Thle remaining clauses were agreed to, and the House resume-l. The Grand Juries Bill and the Survey of Great Brittain Bill wdre read a third time and pased. Tne Small Debts Imprisomment Act Amendment (Scotland) Bi went through committee. Their lordships adournedl at a-quarter past 7 o'clock.
I IIOUSE OF COMMONS, 72m±Y, JuLY 4. The SPzAR tocik the chair At 4 o'lo Petitions, praying for the redress of the grievances und'er which members of the medical profession labour, were presented by Mr.B. STANHOPE, from the medical officers of Spilsby Union; by Mr. P.Ans, from the medical offlicers of St. Thomas's Union, Exeter; by Sir J. CANAC, fromi the medical officers of the-New-Forest Union-; by Mr.-BooinR BOAREMoRt, from the medical officers of the Cardiff Unicn, Glamorganshire; and by Mr. M.-SEmr, from the medical practitioners of Gravesend and its viciiity. Petitions were presented by the Sheriffs (at the bar) from the Corporation of London, against the Coalwhippers (Port of Lonclon) Bill; by Mr. BAiNms, f*om the Leeds Chamber of Commerce, praying that m-easures may be taken for £ecunng.an annual return of the quautity of food produced n thn country; also, from.the jIatley Chamber of Com. merce, for the abolition of the Sound dues; 1y Mr. DNmoio,r from the inhabitants of Greenock, in favour of the Lord-Advocate's-Education (Scotland) i5ill _ by Mr. ALFXAaNDERl HA§kiia from the Glasgow and West of Scotland Guardian Society in favour of the Judgments Execution Bill; by Mr. TssosLNsay, from clerk-s of attern-ys and solicitors at WolverhamptonAndBilson, prsying for the privilege of appearing as advocates in the. Counav Courts under the direction of the attorneys to whom th(T are articled; by Mr. OLrvEiA, from inhabitants of the eastern part of the metropolis, praying for a reduction of tle wine duties, which at present seriously affect the freedom of our oc;ial intercourse with foreign countries and open the door to fraudulent adulterations; by Mr. SlrouEmr, from the inhabitants of the parish of Cardross, DTnba:toashire, praying that military ads may not be required to perform in the parks or other places of public recreation on the Lord's-day; by Sir W. CL&y, from Baptists, Worshipstreet, Shoreditch, forrevision ofthe authorizedversionofthe Bible; by Mr. AcToN, from the CounUi of the borough of Wigan, in favour of the Public Health Amendment Bill; y 1r.iDISRA r.,fromStonyStratford,agaist doing away wihL written contracts in trade; by Mr. BL STUsNHOPE, from attorneys' clerks, at Barton-on-Humber, Louth, and Spilsbhy to be aclmitted to practise in County Courts; by Mr. D). WADDINGTON, from Harwich, in favour of the Litera-y Societies Amendment Bill; and by Mr. ConBET', from thie Board of Guardians of the Todmorden Ur-ion, against thLe Poor-lawf Amendment Bil (No. 2). NE'W WRIT. On the motion of Mr. HAYTix, anew writ was orderediio be issued for the election of a burgess to represent the borough of Calne in the room of the Earl of Shelburne. who since his election bad accepted the office of steward of the manor of Northstead. T ABILITY OF CAB PROPRIETORS. Mr. D. WADDINGTON asl;ed the Secretary for the Home Department, 'whether his attention had been called to a judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench by which cab proprietors were held to be liable-in respect of luggage lost in their cabs, a-nd whether he intended to take any measare to relieve the cab proprietors from that liability? Sir G. GREY was aware of the decision, and the cab proprietors had coniplained of the unlimited liability cast upon them. The subject 'was rather a difficult one, but it was under the consideration of the Go-vernment. ALLTOWANCES TO COLLECTORS OF INCOME-TAX. Mlr. HANKEY asked the Chancellor -of the Exchequer whether he intended this year to bring in a bill altering the present scale of allowances to clerks employed in the collection-of income-tax? The CHANCELLOPR of the EXCHEQUER did intend to introduce a bill for that purpose. COUNTY COURTS. MYr. GLADSTONE said, there was a bil standing for Monday next respecting County Courts, which was likely to place a considerable arnnal charge upon the consolidatcd fund. He wished to know whether his right hon. frierd would lay on the table an estimate of the probable amomut of that charge? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCEEQUER promised to do so. The bill would not be brought on before next iFrsday. REGIMENTS IN TIHE WEST MDIES. Mr. SCHOLEFIELD asked the Under-SecretsryforWir, whether the three regiments, the 36thb 637th, nnd 69th. which had now been about five years stationed in the West India Islands, were shortly te b relieved? They hsad already been- there two years beyond the usual period. Mr. PEEL said, that the 'war had disturbed the usual arrangemnentsmadefor the relef of the troops; but the regiments destined for the West Indies were on their way to hs country from the Crimea. WILS AND ADMINISTRATIONS BIILL. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY asked whether the ChanceUor of the Exchequer would lay on the table a statemen' respecting the-amount likely to be placed-o the Consolidated Fend by this bill? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he had not heard the precise amount which would be imposeEd on the Consolidated Fe und by the measure, but he would coem.- muni&ate with the Solicitor-General on the subject. - .: BISHOPRIC OF NEW ZEALAND. On the motion that the Hoase at its rising do sdjourn till l]Wonday,- Sir J. PAEKTGTON rose to ask the Secretary of State for the Colonies whether it was the intention of the Governinent to make any arrangement for restoring to the Bishop of N ew Zealand the moderate and necessary income of 600. per annnum whichwas provided for him when hefirst acceptea the position he had so wellfiled, and was continued till thb last two years. ' lIe said he could not allow the session to Ilese without putting a question on this subject, to 'which he had called the attention of the House on more than one occasion. His object was to ascertain what 'were the intertions of the Government'with respet to a state of thinos which they must allow was, on the whole, not creditablfi He was aware thatm former discussions on this subject blame had been - thrown on hin on account of some words which fell from hin in, 1852 in moving the colonial estimates. He had never acknowledged the justice of that censure ; bu1t supposing that he had in the first few weeks after assuming office used expressions when he moved the estimates, ani ws thinking more of the civil government of the colony; which woaYd apply to the Bishop of New Zeahnd, he had' auin and again disclaimed that such was his intention; and an accidental error - of that kind Iought not to be visited 'on the bishop. It waLs in. I9 or 1841 that the L Bishoip of New Zealanl 'was api. pointed, with. a distinct intimation that 6OOl, a-year -was ts behis income. No distinct promiise,. certainly. wasg mSdL that the income should be for life, but judging from all pre cedent it mightfairlybe deanmed tobe a life income, Within the lastt'wo yas, h6wrever. this income had beenl wholl y stopped. TIhe present Home Secret'ary, vrhen Colonial Secretary, mnade a refereitee to the colony on the subject;* but the colony refused to act on it. That refusl, lidwever, was given at-a time 'when the new constitution had just come into opatif, iaid th oea to£ New a 'di hbr8ly be aA to be i a aaatpted A"aht aidero OMight p d t h f-t lint rd hilbritwas2 ze2a *slald bi deprived oflthe he s right't vpeeat-tbe time of his a ' rpl a rse? _Hear, hes.) Kr. L&BOUCMIafE said, that this 6wa SUMjet shieahhe awys apprehed with feelinap;of ain _ acond.. (Hear, hear.) Hi adimittmi 3at the Bilpf eNrZ lInd ad been hdly treated; b ut he was uite aie te -s th was -ot the uffee of y deign ess-the;pert ttUnJ one having Anything to do ivi tle taiij It wa imposiblei toreyiew-the lr oe:of the e a.tjn witleoui comg' to the concluion tt teiehiof. NeW Zeiand halt been aomewlst hardly dealt ith, H. confesswd tbAt the pain he felt at the ccusn aggravate& -by AUe conuideratioeUtha nothig coud xaore disinterested ad lri,inded thasdhe ondct of the- bishop hiself with respect to all thes matters.-- (Hear- e.) When applied to and asked iherlaecoDsdided tatie hid u rigt to the sala fromnihe manner in rwic1iheliad uen appointed the bishop'answered, 'I admit th% correctness of thel staemet reported to have been rade by 9rd in the Housie of Commons, that rio stipU' at. or agreemewt wa made by me in 1841 respecting thaaountor costinimaoe of a silary,.for I did not then nor do' I-nowonsider ifI partof my oraoe to =ake any suds. stipulation or agrement either with the Home GDveramenat' or thoe -olonui Grvermment; and I must leave with Her ,3Naje ssGovernmenitthe responsibilitDof interfering Witi- the previous aragement writhout makn any pronason formser' Nothing could he more beioming or more suitable " - the sitution cf he bishop, or more consonant with his ;whole charactier aind conduct ti2in suichQ hiague. (lIers,r er.) Hecouldassure theHousethatin comin to thet onclusion that te vote for-the-alary of the Bishop of Newr' Zealand, now for three years diisooinued; should not be 'put inthe estimntes, he formed ihat cpinion, not from £257: daisresct to the hisiiop, or frm any insensibilit to the nriQ wiclthesadffiledhis sacred ofice. It aia l184I that the bishopric oflNewZeaond ssfomnded,indthe isalr of 6001. placed on- tlhestimates, It could not basaid that anrl riiht to -this salary s created by whatthexi ;tc*kplaoe,tnoughthebizhophade eryronableexpctitionthat it would be continued and, in point of fact, it wAs :continued until 1652, when: it was put ii the estimates for' the last timie. HI wouldarefer to what took place in Parlianent that year, and to the distincli pledge given that this slaryshonuldnutagainappearintiestimates. (The tigbt hon. gentleman hereread the following report of the pro-' ,eedingin Committee of SUPPly, in JUne, 1852:-) - , ."100001.Z NewZeia,lan. "Mr. W. WlFliams said, he was glad to observe that there Vasareduc1ion in this voteascompared with nreviour; years, and he hoped that they might lom foriwara to a fur:.- theranda onsiderable redicition next year. The charge or ,600L for the Bishop of New Zealand, and 590L for ch.aplaui asnd schools, he must, however, object to, on the grouud: that the people of this country ought not to be taxed for; providing bishops and clergy for New Zealand, or any other' colony, and added that, unless a pledge were given that. these items Ehoulld not appear again. he should divide the committee -againsi them. " Sir . PAidgt on said, he was decidedly averse to inin any distinct plere t but, seeing the reduction already made in the vote, and that next year it wouldbe further reduced, iii was hoped to 5,0001., and thatater that time probably ise grat at all worddbe required on account of Newv Zeaand, he would sugges'I that it would be hardly reasoxable to divide against thei amount now proposed. "Ir. W. Williams sai d that, after the gratifying state. iMeat of the righti hon. gentleman, considerng thatthevoto. was now reduce(d to 10,000M., and would be only 5,OOO.L after which no grant would be required, he would not preso hlis amendment." Now, he confessedl he thought that wlhen a pledge of that sort wasi given sine years azo, and had been subsequently ated on, it would be nothaing but a bre:ch of faith to depart from it. Allusion had on a former occasion beem made to the No*rth American bishos, but they did noI stand on the same ground. The ecclesiastical establishmentof the North A merican colonies had alwys been defrayedl by the mother eountry. but this vote had bn consideredfrom the firt .as merely temporary. Every effort. had been made to induce the Legislature of New Zealaad to defray the salary of the bishop, but, while expressing thef highest respect and esteem for his eharacter andlaborsK, they had unifornly rerused to impose any charge on the colony in favour of any particular denomination. ie coulhi not believe that the churchmen of New Zealand would allow' the bishop to suffer any pecuniary loss, but, looking at al the circumstances of the case, he could not hold out any expectation that he should be prepared to recommend to Parlisment to provide his salary out of the revenues of thi% country. Mr. GLADSTDNOE said, he bad no objection to offer to the ourse hitherto adopted by the Government in this matter, inasmuch as he himself had some share oE responsibility for it. There could be no doubt thai the difficulty in which the Government was placed arose entirely out of the effect of the words used by the right hon. baronet, the member for Droitwich when Secretary of State for the Colonies. Those words constituted in themselves a distiet. pledge that the vote for the salary of the Bishop of NewZealand should not be renewed. and the Government wvhicl followed the Government of Lord Derby could not have, departed from that pledge without giving fair ground or Complaint to the House of Coimnons. There was, there. fore, nothing to fEId fault with in the conduct of the Government. Granting, however, that the right hon. baronet ihe member for Droitwich was not aware at the tine of thefull breadth of the engagement which his words implied, and that the Government wbhis folowedwas not bound to use its autthority to break that pledge; he had no hesitation in declaring--speakring as an independent member ofParliament-that the bishop had been harshly treated, and the present position of this question was not honour' able to the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) The bishop was not a mqn to come to that House in the cha5acter of a petitioner for remuneration (hear, hear); hea would prefer rather, like some of the early bishops, to work for his living with his cewn hands (hear, hear) ; but there could be no doubt that when he left this country, though he had no express stipulation, he had a fair title to expect the continuance of his salary. Where there was amoral obligation, though there might be noF written contract, the Rouse of Commons generally construeI it in the widest and most liberal mainer ; and it ertainly weighed greatly on his Conscience as a member of Parliamentthat this matter should stand asit did. No remedy could he applied without the general consent of the House, and it would be well to consider whether it would aot bew more consonant wvith the liberal principles on vw-ch the House usually acted in such matters, to encourage the Govermment to propose a renewal of this grant rather than tohold fast to the strict sense of the pledge which had been given by a former Government on tho subject. Mr. WIL=IAIS did not see why the Bishop of NewZealand should be quarteredupon the people of this conntry. Thanks to the liberality of the mother country, thecolonyof New Zealand was now in a most prosperous condition, and if the colonists wanted a bishop they ought to pay for him. themselves. (Hear.) He hoped that the right hon. baronet would never again come to the house to propose so unjust. and dishonest a tbing as that the people of this country should mcantain a bshop for New Zealand. lr. DISRAELI: did mot think that this wav a convenienit moment at which to enter into a discussion as to the princples upon which the colonial church shoild be supported. This particular question ought to be regarded as concerning .thclaim of an mdividual, and theonly oint to be decided was whether or nDt Parliament had made an engagement. with the Bishop of New Zealand which it had not fulfilled. If there were such an engagement he was sure that all -members of that House would be anxious that it should be carried out. Ms. own inipression had always bsere that the bishopric was accepted by rlr. Selwvn under the clear understanding that he should receivoan adequate and decorous support. His (Mr. Disraeli's) principal object in rising, however, was to show that his right hon. friend. (Sir J. Pakington) had given no sudh pledge as had been attributed to him, the supposed existence of whicl seemed to be the only obstacle to a liberal interpretation of the position of the Bishop of New Zealand. He was surprisedL to hear the right hon. gentleman the. member for the University of Oxford (Mr. Giaditone) speak of a diect pledge, because, on referring to tho only autherntic record of the proooedings of that House, he found 'hat " SirJohn Pimdngton said that he was decidedly averse, from iving ay cdstinct pledge." It seemed to him (Mr. Disrl) that after using these Words, it was impossble that his right hon. friend could have given any distinct pedge. What, however, were his after observations? He said that, "after the next year, probably no, grant at all woald be reonired." Surely, the - word "probable" wavs the vaguest that could be used, and it was a most ersoneous interpretation to say that his right hon. friend gave a distiact pledge to Parliament that no further ,vote of thes kind s.loufd be prop)sed. Sir G. GREY had no deswre to oppose the consideration7 of a Dy well-founded claim whicei the Bishop of New .land might have; but he rmust correct the miappre- hension of the right hon. gentleman opposite that the only obstace to the rer.ewal of this grant was a casual e.pres- 'aloe droppedin debate, withoms .sufficient consideratioon. b' oergt_ son - oaront th m -be fo Driwc (Sii. - 4' e ngt taa oafnet hc mlafor forroit itwc, S .adakington). When he (Sir G. Grey) berale. Colonial Secretary his attcntiOn was called to the estimates whichh 'were prepared iln the Colonial-office in the yeaxr 1852 whenthoe right hon. gentleman (Mr. Disraeli) was Chancelor of the-ExchEuer, and the right hon. baronet. was Secretary for the olonies, and which were sigoae -bY Lord Dsart as aUnder.er -etary. .The estimate for New Zealandamounted tolo,0301. made up of several iteme, one of which - as;001. l. for th e salsry of the bishop. To this -estimate there wasx Appended a note which was in exacb accordance with wha t the right hon. baoe ea reported to have afterwardssttdiththueanwichdber added in the C-oloidirections of th t hon. baronet, transm itted to the Ta rya y, the thes-. 'sury submitted to P xrliunewth the estin atees in order to induce Parliument- more readily to agree to the vote. :T note was in these terms. "This estimr.te is less by 10,0001. 'tbLn that of last year, Th e Governor represents that this reduced aount n ii required for the present Tear, but it is proposed that it hlin ul be reduced u to 5,0 next.-Tear, aftr wrhich it is hoped no furiher aid will be needed"a.: He- (S£r G- Grey) admitted that the expresmion-of a hope did nor; amount to a distinct pledge, hut there was--no neoepioen made with w_ard toL the salry-of the bishop, and the expectation wassI hed outthat. if the revenu e of New Zealand were sufficient none of thot ,sams included in this vote would, in future, be asked for frosus Parliament. Inen aording with this distinct, he woul L )ot say pledge. beil intimation, the succeeding Government ,hongh ti itsdt )ets tutplaethoioetsalar upon theox etimaes,iae
THE CAMBRLDGE UNIVEBSIT BILL. Tho following Peers voted against the admission of Dis. senters into the governing body of the University of Cambridge:- Du;sE. Derby Dungannon Clarin Beoafort DononShraoro Doneraile C"lton Bnocleuch Eggmont Gage Colrilteof Colro3 Cleveland Gauoway Midleton Denman Richmond Hardwicke 3elville Delasmee Haindgtcna St. Vincent. Do Roa ISQAMsQSIS3. Hadd'Igton Dynevor Bat'. Lanesborough Dunandlce COamden Lucan ErsHors. Fevershnam Exeter Mansfield Bangor Grayof Kinfauas Salisbury Morton Licbaeld Kenyon Winchester. Nelson Salisbuty Lyncdiurst Powvs St- Davidsh. Lyttleton EAstas. Portaclington Rede elo Aberdeen Shaftesbiuy Sandys Bondon Stanhope BARONS. Southampto, Bantry Sheffield Abinger Tenterder. Bathurst Verulamc Bngot Walsingbaam, Beanchamp Wilton Bayning Willoughby de Bradford Boston Broke Chichester VcscoumTs. Berners Wynford. Delawaxr Bangor Churchil PAIRS. PAIgS ON THIRD IREADING OF PAROCEEAL SCHOOLS (SCOTLAND) BILL.
ERATum.-A straTage littlo error occurred in our report of Sir R. Bethells speech on Thursday evening. The Solicitor-General, after enumerating a number of obstacles to the passing of his bill, concluded by say- me that, after all, "Time" was his most formid-- aele enemy. Our compositors, at least as much accus. tomed to 2D5e Times as to "Time," confounded the twvo, and hence we, who ave already more than enough to answer for, are erroneously described as the chief obstacle to the passing of a bill with the principle of which we agree, howvever much wre may differ with Sir R. Bethell as to the way in which he p:opcses to carry that principle out. T}E CVm SERVICE OF TE WA DEPArTm T- Deputy Assistant-Commissay- Generals Ramsden, Cum. ming, and Moore, the lev. W. Hobson, and Assistant. Surgeon Phillipps have returned from the East in the Mledway steam-transport. The Rev. Messrs. Sykes, Boudier, and Willshire, army chaptains, have returned in the steam. transport Jura. Surgeon Rtobertson, medical staff, Assistant. Commissary-General Thompson, Surgeon WGregor, Assistant-Surgeon Hogan, and the Rev. Theophilus Pauline have returned in the Holyrood. Assistant-Surgeon Weir, Dispenser-Surgeon Lowe do Carmino, and the -Rev. Mr. Craven, of the Staff, have arrived in the Andes.- DeputyAsaiatant-Commissary-General -i'Clintock, - Commissary ClerksCourtenay, Cane, Mdaltby, Hand, Robinson, Nash, Moore, Walbrain, Dispeniser Earropp, and Mr. Whitehead have arrived in the Simla, Staff Surgeon Nr. R. Alderson, Dr. Walter Raleigh Baxs3r. and Acting Assistant.Sur"jon Meredyth, of the Osmanli RorseArtillery, have arrived in the Cape of Good Hope.-Civzl Service Gazette. I ToTAl Loss oF =A m .BIC AN BP.IG oL_BjA.- Souirna.aroz, July 4.-The intelligence of the totalloss of the American brig Columbia, Kippin master, has been bro ht to this port by the Peninsular and Oriental Com. panyX1 steamship Madrid, which arrived last night with the Peninsular mai and a portion of the crew of the unfortunate-vessel. From the statements of one of the men it appears that on the night of the 17th of June the briz was, as near as the captain aould discover, off the Western Islands, being bound from New York to Malaga with a- caro of pitch, tar, and tarpentine. The night was very. dar and the vessel was si;eeriagan E.N.E. course. Shortly after midnight she was rus into by the British brig Victoria of Liverpool, which cut hier to the water's edge, andsh almost immediately flled. The crew fortunately bad sn'3i cient time to reach the birk, and were immediately taken on board, the captain and crew of that vesselrendering everyassistance in picking up the unfortunate men. Directly afterwards the Columbia nank. The Victoria then put into Lisbon, where she landeql the shipwrecked sailors. .The mate was on watch at the time, and it is supposed that the man who&e duty it was to look out forward had fllen sleep. Neither vessels had any lights exhibited. .TH Ms.-SOU&BPTON, July 4.-The Peninsular and. Oriental Compasy's steamship Euxine, Captain A. KeUock, sailed this afternoon with the India, China, and lediterranean mails, 56 passengers-among whom ars Captain Wilton, Majors Etarni tton and Friend, l)r. Mackinnon, &c.-and a full general cargo. The Euxine has alsy on freight the largest amuount of specie ever shipead by the Peninsular and Oriental Company on board either of their East India steamuships, and is divided as follows --For India, 776 boxes, contaiaing 205,8091.; the Straits, 490 boxes, containing 118,2Gi1.; China, 1,789 boxes, 457,487. - and Alexandria, 9 boxes, with 31,4301., making-a total of 3,064 boxes, value 812,991. The Indus, Captain Brooks, with the homeward heavy portion of the India, China, and Mediterraneaun mails, is hourly expected. The Tagus Captain Christian, sails oa the 7th iusb. with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Cadiz, Lisoor., and Gibraltar. The Royal Mailsteamer Tmar. Captain Bevis, is preparing toconvoy the Brazilian and River Plate mails on the 9th inst.;
V?ZONDON SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1856 Iu the Houlse of Lords last night, The Lo,D CnOnkN=Lon, on the thka readiug oI .the Divorce Bill, formally moved the omtison of the clause inserted the night before, forbidding the ireLnIagrri3e -of peron -who had been guilty of adultery. The noble Lord' imendet was negatives and the bill passed. The Housethenwent into comraittee on the Cainbridge Uaniversty BilL Lord LYNswusr moved au amendment -,o clause 44, which eiacted that it ihould not be necesary to make a declaration or to take an oath. either on matriculation or on taking a degree; Considering the close connexion which existed between the Univerities and the Church, he did not think that a clause which admitted Disenters to the University should ;tand part of the bill. He therefore proposed to recstore the cluse to its or'gil shape, which did.not admit Disenters. The LOUD C h&CMx.o thought that the only danger which could arise from the admiasson of Diasenters to:the University would be to the Disenters them lvegs, lstcontact-;wthChurchmen mignt result in their becoming members of the Establislied 1Church. - Lord Dzinr could not agree w.ith the Loan CHANCELLOR in this view of the question. He thought hie exclusion of Dhssente froni the governing body of the University was esmntial to the connexion which existed between that body and the Established Church. After some; further discussion, their Lordships di-dded, when the, numbers were,- For thLe amendment ... ... 72 Against it ... ... ... 25 M3tajority ... . ... 47 The remainiing clauses we:e then agreed to. Several other bills were forwarded-a stage, after which their 'Lordships adjourned. In the Ilouse of Commons, on the mQtion of adjournment till Monday, Sir J. PA cGTION inceuired, whether it was the intention of rthe Government to maake any arrangement for restoring to the Bishop of Niiw Zxan D the income of 60I. per annum which was provided for hm when he accepted the position, and was continued until the last two years. He put it, he said, to the House whether it was creditable to the Church or honourable to the co-ntry that-.this eminent person should be le-t in his high position without any income. Mr. LABoucERE said this was a subject whiel. he always approached with pain, for he felt that the bishop had been harshly dealtwitlh. Nothing could be mnore disinterested and highminded than the conduct of Dr. SELwyIW , and if he (Mr. LAJoucn=) came to the conclusion that he ought not to replace his salary upon the estimates it was not from any disrespect towards him. Finding thnat a distinct pledge had been given to the qouse three years ago by Sir J. PAF=GTON, when becretary for the Colonies, and which had been subsequently acted upon, nothing but the strongest ground would, in his opinion, justify the restoration of the grant, which would otherwise be a breach of faith. Mr. GLADsTroN did not object to the course taken bythe Government, who were placed in a difficulty arising from the effect of the words used by Sir J. P4AmeGTON, which, whether so intended or net, were 'understod as conveying a distinct pledge that the salary of the Bishop of N_w Zx&.Az should not be placed upon the estmates. The question, however, was whether the House of Cormmons, as English gentlemen, ina state ofi things which Sir J. xnGOri thought not creditable to the HEouse, and -when Mr. L&noucnxn was of opinion that thle bishop had been harshly treated, would not act more consistently with the rules of justice and equity by encouraging the Governmnent toR renewr the grant than by adhering to the letter of the Mredee. W. Warm could not understand upon whiat principle of cormmno honesty money should be taken out of the pockeis of the people of this coantry topsy a bishop of lew Zealand. If the people of tshaticoony wanted a bishop, he said let them pay for one. Mr. TbyAxn observed th ththe case ought to be looked at with reference to the claims of the individual. Htis impression 'was that Dr. Sxswvi had accepted the position upon the 'understanding that he would have a decorous and proper support, and that engagement ought to be fulfilled. The only real obstacle was an alleged pledge of Sir i. PAxTcON-; but Sir JoENi had stated that he -was "decidedly averse to givmig . distinct pledge," and had only mentioned the "probabilty, that no future grant would be required. The case should be regarded in tb's light of an engagement between Parliaolent nd at individual, -which should be udgecl by the rules oc? equity. Sir ua. GEY remark ed that, besides the speech of SiraJoePtlSeGTOsNi,the estimates prepared while he was ia ofvice contained a note expressir, a hope that no further aid would be askedTfor. MCr. lIOEBrCE thought, if the colony refused to pay the bishop, the person who appointed hinm (Lord J. Rbssale) should pay him. Sir J. Pr;TON~ must, he :said, have intended that the House Ahould understand thatwthe bishop's salary wouldd be no longer paid by this country. fr. HiuyxABD trusted that LJord Paase~thox would take the case of Dr. Srnwr, who had made a great sacrificel of worldly prospects, into consideration. The conversation upon this subject then tarn1binated. Some discussion took place respecting the case of the late paymas,ters of constabulary in Ireland, to which attention was called by Mfr. Seajeant O'Bhat , and the motion for the adjourment was agreed to. In reply to Mfr. tieersnw, Lord PAL.RsaspON saidit was reported that apprehensions had been entertained of disturbances on the Cape frontier, but he did not understand that there had been any actusl outbreak, and he beieved that precautions had been taken to guard against such an occurrence. Tuhe report of the Committee of Supply -was broughit up and agreedsto. The Church Building Colplc ion Biln was read a third time, and after a short debate uapon some proposed amendments, passed. On the order for going into Committee upon the Partnership Amendment (No.2) Bill, MIr. Mu-rz said the more he heard vad saw of ts bill, the worse it appeared. Inspted of a Partnership Anendanent Bill, it should be called a bill for promoting fraud, collusion, and robbery. The commercial world did not want it, anld he moved to defer the commmittee for si2 months.u b this amendment was opposed byMr. nso., er. W. BurcS, ildIr. nCommUC, ir. Is, and Mr. BxSS, and sapported by Mhr. SPOOte, up r. s e1pro Mr. Csossr, and Mr. G. Barr. Lord P~ssroKsasid the objections offered to thebilleremore fitfor discussion in committee. He believed that public opiniion was in favour of the bill, thinkPig that the law of partnership required alteration, and that the measure would tend to remove impedimentt3 to-the emIloyment of small amounts3 of capital. Thegreat opponents of the bill, he observed, were large capitalists and its advocates persons more conmected with the possessors of smll apitl; it was the few agaist the many; and this, he thogh, wvas, primr B facie, a recommendatioi of the bill. Mr. T. Bos no protested against a Minister of the bilowNendenvouring on such a subiect to e.ocite a prejudice agaiast capitalists. The matters in dils cusson, tie said, turned not upon details, but uipon questions affecting the principle of the measure, which tended, in his opinion, to shake commercial confidence. He was convinced that there was ;no want of capital, and he strongly objeed to the exclusion of publicity by the bill M Ir. M.xcsrm said, what he wanted to knopw before going into committee, was whether in oommittec it was intended to alopt the provisions against fraud embodied in the Joint-stock CoM- paniei Bill-Unamely, dU registration of oa1r erhipa em w comsizandit!e. - SirJ. Gn Stj concurred with M r. MnIraUL, upon the answer to whose inqui y, he sd, hiM vote would depend. 'This bi U opposed tothe r eports of a cmmission and of two committees, and reated 'upon evidence ithe condition of whic, naely, publicity, it- did not fulfil. The whole of the mat ter turned upon that safeguard. MIr. Lows said the bill did not deal witi Part-. nerships, propr.y so called. It was not a bi for altering the law of- partnership; it wasa omplement of theUsury Law, regulating the liability on which money might be advanced. The questio L of safeguards was a difficult one; if there were too many, the bill wouild nnt work, andl the question how mtch safeguard could be introcluced ons iteatly with its due working depended, not upon
The Turkish empire has been, we are told, received into the family of nations. Its Sovereign is no longer a potentate seated on a throne apart, to be approached only by formal embassies, or to be coaxed, threatened, or deceived by any European.State, without the world deeming it legitimate to interfere. The great Powers have established with regard to the Ottoman dominions a principle analogous to the AlIuo doctrine in the New World. These regions are declared to be no longer lawful fields for conquest, or even annexation by consent. Austria must pause on the Adriatic and the Danube, Russia must give up the march to Constantinople, France must not think of Tunis, and England must limit herself to commercial operations on the banks of the Nile and the Euphrates. Turkey is taken out of the same category as Tartary, China, or the Indian Archipelago, and admitted to all the rights Which belong to European nations. This change is more important than seems to be generally recognized. It has often happened that the enterprising and warlike States of Europe have agreed, through mutual jealousy, to respect some territory beyond the limits of their own system, but this is the first time in their history that they have recognized the equality of a non-Christian State. International law, which grew up under the shelter iof the Papacy, never contemplated the existence of pagan nations wvith rights reciprocal to those of the Christian communities, and the grants which IRome made of the Indies to Spain and Portugal w7ere only the natural result of a theory which did not conceive sovereign rights to belong to any ruler beyond the pale of the Church. The conquering nations of the last two centuries bave been Protestanis rather than Papists, yet enough of the old principle has remained to make a great difference in the eyes of moralists between the subjugation of Mahomedan cr Hindoo dynasties. and a trespass on the xights of Poles, Spaniards, or Italians. Now, however, almost blindly, through the course of events, we have accomplished a revolution in the highest of all law-the law of nations. The equality which the SuLTA has given to his :Rayahs is as nothing to the equality which the Christian world has given to the infidel. For the first time in history a pagan State is received as a constituent part of the Christian comnnaonwealtb. To use the phraseology current in the discussions of a domestic question, 3alahomedans will legislate for Christian nations and Christian churches. For, be it observed, the rights of Turkey are now quite reciprocal to those of the other Powers; the SuLTN is on the samo footing as the Emperor of the FRENcH or the sing of PRUSSIA, and in any future complications the signature of his Plenipotentiaries may be found attached to treaties determining the sdatus of the POPE of Rome, or his mediation may be tendered to moderate the conflicts of Catholics and lutherans in some German State. It is but natural th-at when things have gone so far there should be a desire to revise the relations in which the SoTAN stands to Europeans within ls own territory. We are not surprised, therefore, to hear that the "capitulations" to which we have more than once dawn attention are about to receive a revision. If the SuiTAN'S Goverment be fit to have jurisdiction in thte affairs of Europe, it must certainly be held fit to administer justice to the sojourners within its own frontiers. In the days when F'OIs Tli: '- F rT courted tile favour of SuunDsmx it wis thought a great coricession that some Frank xmerciants should be allowed to live at Pera, under the protection of the French Ambassador, much in the same humble guise that the first English traders established their factories in the territory of the Moguls. Yet there was a kind of intolerance on both sides. The Christian could not conceive it possible to be subject to Mussulman law, while the Mahomedan admitted the Frankish representatives and their clients to manage their little affairs ir. their own manner. As to crimes of violence being com7mitted-by a Frank on a Mussulman, the idea probably never entered the mind of Sultan or Vizier. We know now how all this is changed. The most desperate ruffians of Southern -Europe are in Turkey under British, Austrian, French, or Greek protection, We give impunity to Ionians and Maltese; Austria has her Croats; FrenclT\ passports screen a crowd of Levanfines, whose professed attachment to Catholicism is allowed to be the cloak to any knavery; while Greece and Naples send, a contingent, whose character may be easily imagined. While the worst of these have protection for delinquencies, the whole enjoy immunities of the most unjust kind. They can only be sued in'the consular courts of their own country. They pay less taxes than their neighbours, and in some places none at alL They are wholly beyond the jurisdiction of the PomTE, while for all claims on the Government or on Turkdsh subjects they can bring into play the whole; machinery of their embassy. Each representative is almost bound to make every private complaint an affair of State, and, in fact, the real or nominal Austrian, Briton, or Frenchman practically turns the diplomatists of his Sovereign into his own special attorneys whenever he pleases. But this is not all. If we were only interested in our own countrymen or in our Western allies, we might rest content with hearing that Europeans had a little more liberty than they deserved, and that the chief sufferers were the Turks, their state, and dignity. But both our, interest and our new treaties bid us treat the SuTANr and his subjects as we treat Frenchmen or Germans, or wish to be treated ourselves. The exemptions conferred by the " capitulations' render all improvement almost impossible in- Turkey. Their practical working is to double the oppression on the poor by giving undue immunity to the rich. Every Christian merchant, for instance, wlho has gained a certain position obtains a foreign passport. Re thus escapes not only the tyranny of native rule, but even the proper obligations of a subject. Thus those who mightotherwse have an interest in improving the political state of the country become regardless of it as soon as they are Frenchmen or Austrians, while the Turks care not to amend and mitigate their administration, since they feel sure that every man who is subject to it cannot but be a poor, unfriended, piastreless outcast, unable to purchase the protection of a foreign embassy. What hope is there of improvement when every man hastens to shake off his- allegiance, to attend the receptions of foreign diplomatists, and to proclaim that he and his are merely strangers dcwelling in the land? In fact, there can be no spirit of patriotism among those -who have been subjected for life to such feelings. Turks, Greeks, and Levantines are taught to feel that they are merely encamped in the country. Enterprise languishes, public works receive no private sup- port, and the only feeling, except the love of. money, which can be said to exist, is the bitter brooding fanaticism which we have learnt to connect with Christianity in the East., We may rejoice, then, to learn that - the "capitulation!' system is about to be modified; but -we can scarcely contemplate the full effect of its abolition. Never have Enropeans entertained the idea of living under the unrestricted working of Mfahomedan law. Wherever they have wandered they have always instinctively interposed some kind of barrier between themselves and a system to them unknown, terrible, and impious. They have, as a matter of course, organized themselves into a community, and obtained certain definite rights before establishing themselves in a non-Christian country, and they have remained apart, in it, but not of it. This may, indeed, be partly the result of unfounded prejudice, but it must be allowed to be partly based on principles not to be eradicated from the nature of the two religions. After all, the Mussulman or the Hindoo must, as far as we can see, remain separated firom the European by a deep gulf. A Nestorian or a Copt in the depths of the wilderness has more in common with us than the most civilized Pasha in Stamboul. We feel this, and the less educated Oriental feels it more. Thus, then, we may look with interest on the great work which Europe has undertaken to accomplish,-the admission of Turkey,and, on analogous principles, other non-Christian monarchies, into the fellowship of nations, and the extension to their rulers of full sovereign and executive rights over Christian men. Both things are new in the history of the world. An old system has been broken up, a great attempt at fusion is made. The result time alone can show.
Among the many illustrations which history has preserved of the power and magnificence of Rome few are so well calculated to fire the imagination as the reciprocal relations of her dependent pro'vinces and protecting patricians. That commonwealth was indeed a mighty State whose nobles were singly courted for their advocacy in the great Council of National Iegislation and Appeal, and vhose protectorate was sought fer by provinces which comprehended the subjugated remains of emonarchies, tyrannies, and republiEcs. Whatever we may talk or think of 3English greatnews, it is not likely that provinces rich as old Bithynia or islands possessing the historical traditions of Sicily and Cyprus will ever buy with largesses and prostration the protectorate of the houses of SuTrnA.sD and DEVONSnME. Tnat oppressive majesty which invests each patrician of the conquering country with more than proconsular attributes, and that national indifference which leaves to the consideration of a few families the - fate of dependent millions, are each unlknown and would be deemed intolerable in an age which boasts to have elevated the species at the cost of the individual man. But; although this cannot be done exactly as it was done by another -people in another agealthough we cannot imitate literally the magnificent despotism of ancient Rome, yet we may be doomed to see a travestie of that senatorial beneficence which not unfrequently relieved the avarice or cruelty from which the FAsir and MtoELTTr were not exempt. The only and obvious parallel that can be sugi gested between- a province of ancient Rome and a dependency of modern Britain is presented by our Indian relations. A people twenty times as uumerous as ourselves, held in ostensible or ill-disguised subjection under British Proconsuls, approaches, if it does not approximate, tq the character of a Roman province. The comparison, we are happy to believe, is very much on the side of our own subjects. We assert with confidence that never was a conquered race more fairly, justily, and humanely treated by the conquering race than the people of our Indian possessions are by ourselves. But it is not in the nature of human events or human dispositions that such relations should subsist entirely without abuse of power on the one side, or aome murmur of complaint on the other. It would be not, only strange but unnatural if all were the perfection of authority here and the perfection of contentment- there. Sufficient for our humanity and our good name if we- have made justice and benevolence- the rule of our government, injustice and cruelty the rare exceptions. And thi, we repeat, we believe that we have done. It is-as Mr. M3ACoAtAY long ago remarked-it is upon this faith in our general justice and truth-the coivictioni that our " Yea"' is "Yea?' and our " N ay" 'Nay"-that what we promise we will perform, what we threaten we will;inflict, what we repudiate or condemn we will forego-it is upon this belief, deeply seated in the Oriental heart, that our mnoral empire in the: East is founded; and whatever shakes this belief will shake that empire al-o. But it is fated that offences should come. It is a primary law of our nature. . And when they do come-even though not through our own faultwe must either take or inflict the consequences. Hitherto, since the time (if WARRN HsTINGS, the natives of India have -'suffered no wronTg great enough to provoke an appeal to any but the ordinary tribunals. - The laws under which they live have fer the most part provided a sufficient legal remedy here for their faulty or erring administration there. Up till recently they have sufficed to heal the wounds which they have inflicted. But now a different -precedent seems to be in process of being established; and, if it is, we are sure that it will not be without imitation. A new order of Indiani appellants is coming into the field. They are not over-taxed zemindars, nor over-rackrented ryots, nor duped and plundezed merchants. In a word, they are not of that c1ass which is generally supposed to furnish the most numerous and the most oppressed suppliants for redress. On the contrary, they are princes, either disinherited or dethroned, or suspended, as the case may be. It is not with the merits of their cases that v e now wish to deal. Doubtless they will receive due attention; more, perhaps, when we have settled as to the mode of dealing with them than at present ; but at present we would confine ourselves to a disctzsion of that mode; and we confess that we look upon this as one of the very gravest questions that have come under our notice for many years. 3t is one which affects not only the purity of ou! Indian policy, the righteousness of our judicial administration there and of our courts here ; but something which, if it be not more momentous than these, comes more nearly home to our patriotism and self-respectviz., the character in India, of our senators in St. Stephen's; and that it is not considered animportant by the House itself may be inferred from the motion of which Mr. KnNismnn has given notice. Yes; this is the question which we can neither blink nor shirk. Is the Parliament of Englandor, to speak more correctly, one branch of it, the House of Commons-to exposD itself to a reproach which was spurned by many a senator of Rome? Is it to expose itself to the suspicion of being systematicaly and individually canvassed? Yet there seems to be too great a likelihood of this. But recently we had a private bill passed through Parliament for restoring a large income to an appellant Nawab, and we may socn expect the King of OuDX with a similar suit. Of the Nawab's claims we have already spoken, but of the manner in which such private bils are likely to be advocated hereafter what can be said ? What will be the course pursued, and pursued sucessfully, by the friends of future suitors ? Great legal firms will take up a cause. They will take it up as if it had been a case to be set dlown for the Liverpool Assizes or Vice-Chancellor WooD's court. They will take it up with the spirit, the energy, the zeal, that legal firms of repute pre-eminently exhibit when the fortunes of a rich client are at stake. Nor will their natural influence be wanting to the cause. C-reat firms are the clients of great advocates. These advocates will be naturally canvassed by their powerful clients, and, quite in accordance vwith the nature of things, this canvass will not be unsuccessfuL Eminent counsel will come down to the House and speak-, not at the bar, but from their seats, in favour of Indian Princes. The unfeed eloquence of the senator will sometimes transcend, not in its force, but in its fortune, the feed eloquence of the advocate. Nor will this be all. The interests at stake will be great. The exertions made will be adequate to the cccasion. Such exertions will be made as are seldom suggested and more unfrequently attempted, and which require the most consummate adroitness and tact. We particularly desire not to 'be misunderstood. We do not impute the possibility of corrupting any gentleman representing a constituency in St. Stephen7s; but extraordinary civilities wril be shown by the ex-potentate's supporters to the members or the relatives of members; rich Cashmere shawls will find their way to the delicate hands and fair shoulders of those " nearest and dearest" to the affections of the men who have to pronounce on his ultimate fate. Orientils have not only beautiful shawls to give, but also a most winning mode of giving them; and then, when once given, how can their husbands and brothers or friends refuse to attend in Parliament when the case comes on ? Now, we state our fears th-us in perfect good faith. We believe things hsve happened in. former days just as we have mentioned. But, though there will bo no corrupt; motive, we very much fear that in India such motives will be imputed notwithstanding. Tho Italian proverb might be transferred to the Indian-" Amente per "nienfe." In India nobody gives presents without an object, and all men are supposed to be corrupt.. Gifts will be given here; the recipients will do what they were wished to do. The logic of India will rectify the imperfections of the syllogism, and improve upon the practice of the Indian Prince. It is for the House of Commons to consider this well. It is also for that Honse ('in anticipation of the King of Ouima's case) to cbnsider whether there be not some danger to its credit in allowing its professional members to spez& under circumstances which to the hasty and illogical public of England, and to the more illogical millions of India, seem to imply the inspiration of a munificent " retainer." Such a suspicion, we know, is as unfounded as it is vulgar. Biut, unfortunately, its yulgarity is but another name :tor its popularity, and its popularity might soon become inexpressibly damaging to our representative syAtem. People are so accustomed to hear the ad4vocacy of such cases from retained advocates at; the bar thathowever foolishly and unreasonably-they will believe the great advocates qpqanllg within the bar to be retained also. And, if Englishnien believe this, Eindoos will believe it still m6re. It is an absurd and ridiculous suspicion enough, but it is for the House to consider whether it will expose to the taint of such a suspicion the men who are to dignify the highest posts, anid to display the brightest purity in the administhation of justice, who are now, as legislators in ono House, training themselves for the combined functions of judges and legislators in another.
The report of the Railway Department of the Board of Trade for the year 1855 is uow published. Ten years have elapsed since that fever of specula. tion, wbich may be compared witIL the South Sea madness or the joint-stock shentes of 1825. It may be as well, then, to give inl a few lines the position 'and prospects of railways at the present .time. One thing strikes us at the outset of the * investigation. We are reminded that the united kingdom is a small country, `auid that it early developed the new system-of communication whicl is the great 'work of this age. The railvays of England and Scotland are pearly; coimpleted. IReland alone remains-as a field for the constructionof great li'tuik lines. The history-of the invention in this country may.be divided into three parti. During 15 years after the first locomotive was successful in the north of England the nation seemed to have no due sense of the magnitude of the change. 'Habit,. prejudice, the supposed; interests of the landed proprietors, combined to keep up the old coach and posting establishments, wlhich were' fondly contrasted with 'tlie iron 'abominations by which the beautiful landscape of England 'was threatened. While the Amerivans were intersecting their continent* with lines, and English capitalists were lending money for the 'purpose, this country had in prospect only a few -'lhndred miles of railway, uniting the great centres of' manufacturing. industry with the metropolis. Accordingly, when the profitableniess and even the necessity of a thorough comnunication was proved, it 'was sought to do everything at once. The second phase of the history is the specuilation of 1845 ; the third is. the reaction in which we are even now involved. In the yeiar 1846 no less ';han 270 railway acts were pamsed, authorizing the construction of 4,538 miles of line. In the year 1855 only 73 acts and 363 i;iiles receivted the sanction of the Legislature. Yet the decrease has been by no means regular, and, if we take into consideration the great expense of the war and the development of hipming and other enterprise, it may be doubted whether railway construction does not again show a tendency to'increase. During three years after the commercial crisis of 1847 railway legislation almost ceased altogether. Eu 1849 only 16 miles, and in 1850 only 8 miles, 'were autthorized; in 1851 the number of miles rose to 135, and in 1853, the last year of peace, 940'miles received the assent of Parliament. In 1854 the mileage fell to 485, and last year to 363. All things considered, it may be said that -railway construction has somewhat- recovered from the depression which succeeded the mania, and 'may be expected to follow, on a safer system than heretofore, the legitimate wants of the country. A point not unworthy of notice is the greater ratio which Irish enterprises bear to the whole duiing the past year. The length of line authorized in 1855 was 196 miles in England and Wales, 76 in Scotland, and 91 in L-eland. The total length of line authorized by Parliament down to the end of 1855 was 14,346 miles. Of this vast length, 8,280 miles were actually open at that date, leaving 1,491 niles abandoned under subsequent acts, or by authority of the commissioners, and 4,571 miles which still have the authority of Parliament. With respect to more than half of this latter amount, the powers for the compulsory purchase of land and the completion of the works have expired, and the number of milea which it is probable will be made does not much exceed 2,000. It may -be said, therefore, that 10,000 miles represent the lengtn of present and future railvrays as contemplated up to the end of last year. This is indeed a great extent for so smaU a country, and beyond comparison with any foreign State. Yet there is no reasbn to believe that the limit has been attained. The recklessness of recent constructions, the history of branch lines which have been suckers and not feeders to the trunks, of extensions intended chiefly to benefit individual landowners, contractors, engineers, or lawyers, have caused railwaysschemes to be regarded with suspicion, and the public to be generally of opinioni that 'we have .quite enough for the present. But, with the con- tinued progress of the country, with a cheaper system of construction, and a mor(e conscientious legislation, there is no reason that railway communication should not continue to increase at the rate of a few hundred miles annually for an unlimited number of years. From construction and the details of mileage we may turn to the financial position and working arrangements of the companies. The system of working the line of one company by meansof another company owning a line in connexion vith it has been largely accepted. Both imder Parliamentary authority and by private arrangemeat such cases are becoming very numerous. Seven companies had entered into compacts of this kind at the end of 1855. Where Parliament is concerned we are told that the agreements are generally framed in such a manner as to render it the direct interest of the company working the line to develope the traffic. But there is another kind of agreement now brought into use, by which the interests of the public may not be sD well served. Companies are agreeing among themselves to divide in fixed proportions the receipts arising from the traffic between certain places. Thus a practical amalgamation is effected, and all the advantages to be derived from a fair competition are destroyed. It may be recollected that some time since certain companies were carrying passengers to the North at merely nominal fares. Au absurd strife has generated the opposite extreme of irresponsible monopoly. An agreement has been entered into by " the London and Ncith-Western, "the Lancashire and Carlisle, the Caledonian, the 3'Kidland, the Great Northern, the North-Eastern, and the North British Railway Companies, by w'which the receipts from all traflic between Lon"don and certain towns in England, and Edin- burgh, Glasgow, and other districts in Scotland "to the north of those towns, are paid into one "fund and divided in certain fixed proportions." Turning to finance, it is said that " the position "of railvay property is sound." Daring the six years sacceeding 1849 the proporticn which the gross receipts bear to the total amount of money raised has risen from 6.13 per cent. to 7.45, or about 1 1-3. But, unhappily, the working expenses rose Last year from 45 to 48 per cent. of the gross receipts, and*thus the average rate of dividend remains at little more than 3 per cenit. Indeed, railway shares were in July, 1855, lower than at any time since 1851, and nearly as low as at their deepest-depression in 1849. It is natural to seek a remedy for excessive fluctuation in the creation of a body of permanent sharelholders, 'who shall lock on railway shares as an investment for their money, and not as securities to be speculated with for the sake of profit from sudden changes of value. It has been often asked why discreditable transactions have been in so many cases acqutiesced in by shareholders, who nmust have .known that their property was being deteriorated. But, where a -large body are only anxious for the sudden rise in value of the commodity they possess,the phenomena of " cooked" accounts and payments of dividends out of capital are easily explained. It is evident that such a body of proprietors as will take a permanent interest in a railway can only be called into existence when railway management inspires the confidence pf those -who cannot always have an eye on the market. The supervision af the State in such great dundertaldngs will now ba contested by no one, and the great problem is .to provide. some system of audit which shall control the directors and those of the shareholders who have' less interest in permanent dividends than in a temporary rise in the price of shares. On the whole, it cannot be said that the present. state or the fiuture prospects of railway- are unsatisfactory., The country has, indeed, gained wonderfully by the. zapidity and conpleteua 91 the construction, however marred it may have ,been by follies, -mistakes, and delinquencies. We have gained a 'quaoter of a century in advance of the continental n4tions, and tnat in these days of commercial competition is no small thing. One or two facts may be cited as proofs of the wide-spread benefits. of the system. The average fare per mile for all clases of passengers does not exceed 1id. Thus the great service ren'dered by the railhayg to the poorer class of passen-; gers is demonstratec; and from other parts of the report we learn. that the use, of- the trains by third-class passengers for short distances as largely increased, showing- that the poorer ranka have learnt to avail themselves of this muode of transport in their ordinary business. The thirdclass passengers amount in the united- Idngdom to 54 _per cent., and in . Scotland to no less than 72 per cent., of the whole number conveyed. A singular revolution has marked the, last seven years. In 1849 the proportion of goods -traffic to the whole was 47 per cent., now it is 56, while in Scotland the average receipts from goods traffic are very nearly two-thirds of the whole. The railway-at farst intended only for passengers, and those the wealthy few-is now not only the chief highway of the' poor, but actually derives the greater part of its revenue from the transport of the maaterials of commerce.
All who are as conversant with humau nature as we are obliged to be are aware that there exists in many minds a positive appetite for being libeUed. kRife as calumny is said to be, there is a still deeper desire to be the -victim of it. Persons are found to speculate, not so much on the purse of anv alleged libeller as on the sympathy of the public. Such attempts would never be made -if there did not also exist a readiness in some other minds, scarcely more healthy, as it seems, to us, to lavish their interest without much inquiry. We are driven to some such reasons to accountfor an action, and the present result of that action, at Guilcdhall yesterday, and reported in our columns this morning. Our readers may remember, or more likely will have forgotten, that in the thick of our intelligence from the Crimea, when we were daily giving all Idnds of details of camp life, a letter from our correspondent contained a statement that the agent of a celebrated military tailor in London had come into collision with the Provost MIarshars people, and, in spite of remonstrances and references, had been flogged. We had not ourselves the smallest idea who the person vas, or who the military tailor was; and, although it was sworn on the trial yesterday that there was only one representative of a military tailor in Bala3dava, we had nio reason to believe there were not many. Even in this metropolis it is no unusual thing for gentlemen to get into scrapes and to be exposed to indignities.; and only in yesterday's paper we gave an account of such an occurrence, in which a Mr. Gr.AnAm was most grossly and brutallv ill-used by the Windsor polce. We were aware there was rather stern discipline for such people at the camp. It was, then, in perfect simplicity, without the least offence, and, indeed, in utter ignorance of the hero of the story, that we published the statement. lu due time, however, we received a lawyer's letter demanding an apology. Our apology would have been worth nothing, and, in fact, we should not have been justified in maldng it without some new information, which we could only obtain by sending to the Crimea. This we did at once, and the very day after we received. a contradiction of the statement we publ. lished it in a prominent form, and, we beg to submit, in a perfectly simple and inoffensive style. It will be found in the report of -the trial, and our Ireaders can judga for themselves whether, as r.x x. CAE&nns states, "it was a sneering and con" temptible paragraph, as offensive as it was "scandalous." I Notwithstanding the very hard words which M1r. Ml. CHaMms thinks fit to apply to us, and the effect they seem to have produced on the jury, we beg to submit that regard to trath itself, not to speak of self-respect, enjoined the duty of inquiry. We had published a statement that a representative of a militar~y tailor had got into a street row in Balaldava and had been flogged, ancd some months afterwards a solicitor sends us a letter on behalf of a " Mr. Su," an utter stranger, and calls upon us to state in a leading article that he was not the man ilogged. If there was a simple and honest desire to protect a servant of Messrs. BucsrmAsTna, bearing this not very-ncom- iUon name, from the ridicule of his acquaintance, I he and his friends should at least have helped us to a contradiction. It appears, however, that at the time they had a letter from the Provost Marshal, which MIr. Snr had procured at Constantinople and brought home -with. him, which we should have been ready to publish, and vnich would have answered every fair purpose. Mr. Justice WiLrEs at once saw the true nature of the case, and urged that it was surely enough for the defendant to withdraw the charge and pay the costs. The jury, however, yielding to Mr. Mv. CHAmBERs's eloquence, gave to MIr. Sar the sympathy he has been at sucn pains to procure, and for a statement, withoult any names, that a tailor's agent hacl been flogged they muleted this journal in 4001. It is unnecessary to say that such a verdict cannot stand, and we shall at least try -whether another jury can be found so ready to talke Mr. MI. CHAAmnns's views as to the duties of a public journalist and the proper style of an apology.
COURT CIRCULAF. Her Majesty the Queen intends to proceed to Aldershott upon Monday next for the purpose of reviewing in the afternoon the regiments of the Guards and of the Line 'which have lately returned from the Crimea. HerRoyal Highness the Duchess'of Kentvisitedcthe Queen yesterday at Buckinghmam Palace. HEs Royl Hiehness the Prince Consort, attended by Colonel F 3?. Seymour, rode on horseback, and was present in Hyde Parkat a field-day of the IstBattalion of Grenadier Guards. The Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, and the Princess Charlotts of Belgium visited the Zoological Gardens in the Re-ent's Park. Tie Count of Flanders rode on horsebaikin the forenoon. His Royal Highness in the afternoon went to the Palace of Westminster, and was present during the debates in both houses of Parliament. The Countess de Nevlly visited the Princess Charlotte of Belgium yesterday at Buckingham Palace. fter Majesty and his Rioyal HXighness Prince Albert -went to the ball given by her Roval Highness the Duchess of Glocester last evening at her residence, Glocester-house. The Queen was accompanied by His Majesty the Xing of the Belgians andtheir Royal Highnesses the Prncess Charlotte of Belgium and -he Count of Flanders. The Royal suite conrsted of tho Countess of, Gainshorough, the. Countess d'Yve, the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, the Hon. Flora Macdonald, &adame - de. Bov6e, ,ord Camoys, ViscountTorrington, Colonel de Moerkerke, Lord Charles FitzroyI and Colonel F. H. Seymour. b is4y-al Highness Prince Oscar of Sweden (attended by Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish and the gentlemen of his suite), their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess lary attended by LLdy Geraldine Somerset and Major Home Purves), and his Royal Highmess the Du'ke of Cambridge (attenddd by Colonel TYwhitt) also visted ber Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester last evening. A. deputation, consisting of Mr. Darnell, the chaiman, and Mr. W. Smith, vice-chairman, of the Bermondsey board of guardians, and Mr. *J. Cox, together vith Mr. Cornwell, the clerk of the board, had an interview with the Right Hon. B. P. Bouverie yesterday, at.the office of the Poor LAw Board on the subject of the salay and appointment of the clerk. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday; pre'e3t, the Lords Justices Knight Bruce aind Turner, the Dean of the Arches Court, and Sir IPat;eion. An apWt ealfr the Admralty Court$ Gaun v. King" (the Clasise). was cea.rd An appeal wa comraeneed, from. BsegaJ, "lianoomepershad Paulday vr Mfunraj KEoonweree." t Dhe' Goerenor last evening from tbe Colonial'efieetortheGoworsof' the lKorth Amesiceii provinces.
i iTHE QUEXE AT GLOCESr II-HOUSE. Her Majesty. the Queen, mdi the Prince Consort, IVMocn. puicied by the Kiing of the Biegians, the I'zirioeas Ch,rlctte of Belgum and the Couit de Flzndres, v%isited hserEloyil Highnes thne Drchess of Glocester last evening, at G4looeg. ter-house, to lionour withi Iheir prweaece a grand baUl givetn by thevenerable andilluztrious aunt.of the. Sovereign. - Tjisthree saloons on the grounddloor of th nimo were all thrown open and converted into a magnificent ballr'oom. A dsYs for the -Royal parLty ws erected in the:largea&doon, and a temporary orcOhestia of tasteful constructokion *wa thrown out over the, courtyard, from one of the- lasge windows. The Doire of Camnbridgs was the 7first meibmerj of th6 Eoys family who arrived. HRis Boyal Higlineas was atten- ded b Colonel TyrrWhsitt. The Duchess of Cambridge-and -the Princess Mary came 3next, attended by the Lady, Geraldine Somerst and Majo'r Homze Purves. HeBr Majesty and the Pzrlnco Consort arrived at &.qiarter,past 10 o' clck. The Queen, was accompanied by T-he Rink of the'Bellgians, the Pxinctss Charlotte of Belgiu,6 aid the Comnt de Flandres.- The Royal party were received by CoW~el Lildehl, Eiquerry to the Duchess of Glooester, and cotiducted lto the prese-nce of Her RoyalHighness, whcom Her Majesty greeta4 with much affection. AE, the Queen entered Tffe ballroom, the band, li,d by AL Laurent, p'yed the Naitional Anthem. ;. 'After Hler 3?ajesty had taken her seat on the dais -with the Duchess of Glocester, the DuchesB of Cambridge, and the 'Princess Mary, the Eingf the B3elgians, and the Princess Charlotte, Prince Alb-ert and Count do Flaridrii. arranging themselves on either side, a quadrile wan formed anidthe hall opened. h ueo abig;Pic andtheCout d Flndrs wth he ricemb iage ofincam In suseqentquarile Te Qeendanced -with the HisRoyl HghnssPriace Oscar of Srelen, whoonly reace tonI rm otaouth last evening, arrived at GIcocester-house at it o'clockc, and joined theIRoya pes-ty. Thu Prince of Saxe-Waimar and the Countess of DoI berg th Ambssaor of Fr ance and the Countess Pr sigy,Th Blganl,inister anid Madame Van de Woyer the anoerin Idniser nd the Countess Helene Hiel.. Inansegge, the Swedish Ministe and the Baroness Hochschild, the Duchess of Inverness, the Duchess of Richmond and Lady Cecilia Gordon Lennox, Duk-e and Duchess of Rtoxburgbe andalady Susan Innes lear, Duches of Sutherland, Duke and Duchess of ldancheider', Duk-e of Newcaste and Lady Susan Pelham Clinton, Lake and Deichess of Somerset and Lady Ul-iiea St. Mainr, Emily Duchess of Beaufort and Lady Edith Somerset, Dhike enad Duchess of -Beaufort, Dulke and Duchess of Wellington and Lady Julia Ha6y, Duke of Bucoleuch, Duke and Duchiess of Haitn Marquis of Conynglsatb and Lady Cecilia Conyngham, Marquis of Bath, Marquis of Lothian, Marquis and Kwirchioness of Westmrnster and Lady Agnes Grosenor, MArquis ana Marchioness of Breadalbane and MLiss Pringle, Maruis and Mar-chioness of Abercorn and Jady louisa Haniion,. Marquis and Marchiones (if Stafford, Marquis and Marchioness of Donegalanid lady Harriet Chicbester-, Marqu I and Mlarchioiness of Exeter and Lady Mary Cecil, MArquis and Marchioness of Clanricaide and LadyfiarriebDl)luargh, Marchnioness Dowager of Eily anal Lady Cathaerine Loftus,, Earl and Countess of Wiltonandlady Katherine Greyligerton, Earl and Couantess of Westniorlafid andLadylloseFane, Earl thnd Countess of Derby and Lady Emma Stanley, Countess of Jersey ad LAdy Clementina Villiera, E&as and Countesqs of Hrwicko aLnd Lady Elizabeth Yozlke, Earl and Countess SpencEr andl Lady Sarah Spencer, Earl and Countess of Shaftesbury and Lady Victoria Ashley, Countess of Fowls and Lady Herbert, Earl and Countess- of Chesterfield and Lady Evelyn Stanhope Earl and Countess Vane, Eail and Countess of Desart, LAr and CDuntess of Eflesmere and Lady B-lanche Egerton, Earl and Countess Craven and Lady Elmizaeth Cra'ent anid Mr. W. Cra ven, Earl, and Countess Delawarr and Ladv ArabeIla SackLviUe West, Earl and Co-ni- tess of 9helburne, Countess of Kerry and Lady M%ry~ Fitzonanrice, Earl and Countess of Clarendon ezd andl M!ss Therese Villiems Earl of Denbigh and Lady Jiene Fielding, EarlI and Countess of Harewood aLnd Lady BlszohLe Iaseelles, Earl and Countess Grey, Earl and Countes of Mountoharles, Earl of Anuesley, Earl of Belsnore, :EarI of Carnarvon, Egarl of Dalkeith, Earl of Eutston, KArl of Gifford, Earl of Listowel, Earl of Mansfield, Earl of Sefton, Viscoumt Andover, Visciount Kirkiw&IL Viscount and Viscountess Barrington and the Hon. Miss Barrington. VTisconunt and 'Viscountess Somerton, Viscount and 'VisI countess Neaport, Viscount and Viscountess Maidstoa%e Viscount Royston, Viscount Valletcort5 Viscount Grey IDo Witon, Viscount Eldmley, Viscount Bangor,, Lady Lyndlhurst, and the Honi. Miss Copley, Lady Emily Ponsonby and 2Miss Ponsonby, Baroness Windsor andL the Hon. Miss Clive, Lady Codrington and MUss Codrington, Lord and Lady Churchill, Lord and lady De Ros and the Hon. MisB De Res, Lord anid lady :aokehy and the Hums. Miss Montage., Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley andl the Hon Miss Stanle, Lady Augusta Seymnour aLnd Miss Seymour, Lady Carolna: Biarringtont and lils Barrington, Lady Theresa Lewis and Mliss lAter and MEr. IAster~, Lady Howard de Walden and the Hon. Miss Ellis Lord andLLady Rlobert Grosvenor and Miss Grosvenor, lYord Ashley. Lord Binghamn, Lord BEurghersh, Lord Cavendish. Lord Francis Conyghgam, Lord Alfred Churchill, Lord Oiho Fiftgerald, lord Garlies, Lord Alexander Gordon Lennox, Lord Frederi'k- P'aulet, Lord George Planlet., Lord Raglan, Lord Stanley, Lord Iinvensworth nrd the Hlon. Miss Liddell, Lord Eustace Cecil, Lord Arthur Hay, Lord Stormont, Lord Adolphus Vane, Lady Caroline Cos. Lady Fxancis legge Lord Henry Thyame, L-ord Ward, Lord West, Lord licy;mour, Lord Norreys, Lord Henry Scoitt_ Colonel thie Hon. (Scil Forester, Colonel the Hon. George Caogan, Captain the Hon. H. G. Ilyng, Captain the Hon. H. W.Aroherst. Hun. W. H. Wellesley, Hon. W. Fieldingj, Ron. James Wortley, Hlon.George Fitzelarenoe, Hlon. Edward Coke, Hon. Strange Jocelyn, Hon. W. Charteris, Hon. Mirs. Bathurst and Miss Bathurst5 Honi. Mrm A-ugustus Liddell, Hon. Robert Bligh and Miss Bligh, Hon. Frank Egerton, Hon. Algernon Egerton, Hon. Gilbert Heathcote, Hon. Walter Hashrd, Honi. Captain Annesley, Hlon. GeraiadPonisonby, Hcon.Vi. Stourton, Hron. S. Egerton, H1on. Jam--es Macd onald, Hon. lifr. Lygon, Hon. Emily Cathcart, Hlon. Id. Crofton, Hon. Augustus Foley, General Sir W. F. Williams, Sir James Dunlop, Sir James and Lady Grahnam, and Miss Graham, Sir David Baird, Sir James Perusn, Sir George Wombwell, Colonel Ponsonbiy, Colonel ~amilton, Coloe Steele, Colonel Hayga-th, Colonel Griffiths~ Colonel Bidduiph, Colonel Fielding, Lieutenant. Colonel Tyrwhitt, Lieuterani;0colonel Francis Seymour, M1ajor Afaxse, Major Edward Nevile, Major Home Purees;, Cap5tain Higginson, Captain Barnard, Captain 11. Farquhmar- son, Gereoro Cati ariao,M.Bully M?If Kaightley, Mr. F. F. Courtemay, lr- Thynne, Mr. Georgce Russell, Mr. Allen Bathuxat5 Mr. Augustus Loumley, Mhr. IN' Seymour, andMlr. Banks Stanhope.
The Earl of Shelburno is appointed Uhnder-Secretaxy for Foreign Affairs, and wiul be raied to tl\e peerage by his present title. General Sir Wi1;am Williams of Kars willsucceed him as representative for Calne, for wlich a new vit wras noved last nigb± by Mr. Hlayter. ThoMfinisterial whitebait dinner is fied for tb,is day fortnight, the 19th. The Chancellor of the aetchequer acknowledges the receipt of the second hahles of Bank of 1England notes (45,836 and 45,837) for 10!. each, in payment of income-tax unclaimed, bnt considered to be due, from ", D. S."I It is not improbable that tLe Prorogation of Parliament will take place on CLthrsday, the 24th inst;, tie Ministerial whitebait dinner, in dll likelhood, taking pIAce on Saturda'7. thel9th inst.-at. - - The officers who have lately held commands in the Crimes will immediately be laoed in similar positions on the star at home. Five of tem buxe been am ad a pointed to the command of brigades at Aldershott,. at several district Staff appointments will shortly be vaoated, tow-hich other Crimean officers in all probbility, mamed.-Gtobe. f- i y ERNG.H DRmmG Ts m FicE.n_-The Moniteur of yesterday publishes the following--"The Minister of Finances has just decided, on the propeition-of the Minister of Agriculture, of Oommnerce, and of Publio WGrts, and conformably to the advioe of the Consulting Colmittee of Arts and Manufaclures, that the machine (eapartils) for the fabrication of driznage pipes, *hIch hituerto have paid the entrance daty of macinery co-ing Linder the common head of steam mnchinery, a duty equal to from 20f. to 65f. per Wilogran e, shall hencefortfi be adnitted under the head of agricultral michinery (5E. per kilogramme), whatever may be the weigbt of the machinery in question. But at the sane itime it iasbeen decreed:ht themachineaforbreaking the groandbrfor repmg it4a be made into pipee, or any. etr acoemory mcwines isnported alone,-that is to say;tbat -oudfor vprtoE' o plete set of Machinery for the fabrication of n ype, -Shall.contiue tD the _ t eh dutya toining der the 1 of me" . : -
FOREIGN INTELLIGBNCE. FRANCE. (FBROM OUR Ow0( CORrZSPOxDF'T.1 rMe followig appeared in our WecoUd edition of yes- terday :-1 - PARIS, TIutRSDAY. JuLY Si 6 Par. . General Kalergi, who has been residing in Paris for the last few months, is preparing to return to Greece, and he will probably take his departure in eight-or ten d4ys. Previousto leaving, howeyer, he goea to Plombi4es to take leave of the Emperor, rwho has shown him the greatest kindness since his arrival here, and who has honoured him with imore than one audience. I doubt not that His 3lajeaty .ill have communicated to him -his opinion on the alii3rs of that ill-governed country, ao far as they bear upon the great Eastern qjuestion. I take «he present opportunity of atating my firm; conviction of the earnestness and sincerity with wvhich 'th Emperor adheres throughout toEngland in her views of Eastern policy, whatever appearances to the contrary may at any future period arise. Well .aware of the vexations and persecutions to which malignity, animated by fanaticism, may have recourse, and which the Camarilla in particular woiAld exercise auganst all who have supported the policy. of the Western Powers in their conflict with Russia, the French Government have already mstructed: their Minister at Athens to warn the Governmnent ,of King Otho against any such conduct towards General Kalergi, of course on the understanding -thatthe General refrains fromn affording themany just pretext for so doing. This inoffensive line of conduct the General is well disposedto follow. That he vill resist any temptation to the contrarv is probable from his conduct on a previous occasion, dien, as a Deputy, he might have stood up in his place in the Chamber and defended hiniseti against the charg,es implied in the Royal speech. Re refrained fromn doing so out of regard for the highesli person-, ages. It is probable thlat Mr. Wyse wrill also' 'receive similar instructions from Lordl CLarendon, -and that he will inform the Cabinet of Athens that any act of persecution will meet with the disap-' prob.in of' the English Government. In truth. it will be but an act of common justice and gratitude. The services rendered to the English troops at the Pineus, at a period of great suIfering, were. suclh as ought not to be lightly valued, nor soon forgotten. It is known that cholera struck down the 3French troops many days before it crept in among the E:ngelish. The interval was so long that the English thoughat they enjoyed an immunityfrpm the: pestilence. They wrere not spared, how.ever, and the visitation came on w;ith errible suddennessin one night. The alarm was great at Athens, and the King urged the necessity of establishing ac*rdan saLitaire, and thus cutting off the Pireus from the capitaL General Kalergi,who was then in the Government, refused to adopt such. a measure. He sent, or rather accompanied in person, a convoy composed of six largewaggons laden with beds, utensils, and every article necessary for the emergency. Hospital, I believe, there was none for the English, at least not anything deserving the name, and there was a general deficiency in other respects. The first care of' the Mlinister vwas to look o-at for a building capable of supplying the deficiency, and the one he selected was the large college or school of the Piemus. He called upon the Mayor to deliver up the place to the English; the Mayor declined, but General Ealergi, tolerating no delay where every moment was so precious, had the doors broken in and the school furniture removed, and at once established from 200 to 240f beds for the sick. During the whole time the malady; raged he was to be seen twice a-day at the Pirmus inspecting in person everything, and supplying withi the utmost promptitude every necessary for our men. The gratitude of the sufferers has, I believe, been more than once expressed to him; and Colonel Campbell, who was then in command, andJ the whole of the officers of the corps, would not hesitateto testify to the truthofthesefacts. I allude to them less for that object than as justifying any in-' structions the English Government may think proper to give our Minister at Athens of a kind similar to those of the French Minister,, and tending' to protect, of course on the same understanding, General Kalergi from the vindictiveness iof 'the Camarilla for the crime of having supported the policy of the allies in Greece. After all, it is not too much to expect. WVhen it wvas decided that the allies should evacuate the Ottoman empire, they cenianded that the Russian Government shouldI grant an amnesty to the Tartar population of the Crimea for any sympathy or aid they might have afforded us during the war. General Kalergi ought not to be placed hereafter in a position to regret that he, too, had not a natural claim to be included in that amnesty. General Kalergi ought to be protected from a malignant Camarilla although he is not a Tartar. Greece 'rill be evacuated by the allies, as I have already informed you, to remove aRl pretext for Austria not loosening her gripe on the -Danubian Principalities. Indeed, the allies could hardly employ firm and determined language on this point so long as the allied troops continued an occupation which wras required by the necessities of the 'war; and we went to Greece to prevent a diversion. in favour of Russia. - Nothing can be more adulatory than the language of King Otho to the Emperor Napoleon. These flatteries, hovwever, are appreciated as they deserve; even King Otho is not considered a useless instrument in the underhand work of weakening the Anglo-French alliance. M. Walewski has more than once spoken energetically on all these topics, both in writing and verbally, and the Court of Athens cannot be ignorant of the fact. The Constantinople journals of the 23d ult. state that the evacuation of the Crimea was then proceeding slowly, owing to the want of transports. The allied troops remaining there did not exceed 15,000 men. The English bad only seven battalions, and the Sardinians 350 men, under the orders of a caDtain, who were left to guard the 'd1,tiriel belonging to the- Piedmontese army' which had not yet been shipped for Genoa. It was believed that Marshal Pelissier would embark on the 4th or 5th inst. At that'date the French force will be reduced to three regiments, and the Marshal wiRl surrender, with a certain solemnity, to the Russians the points still occupied by the French troops. On the same day the English will give up Balaklmaa. The evacuation will thus be nearly completed about the 5th. The local authorities, who had established customs offices at Mackenzie, and subsequently at the bridge of Traktir, have now extended them to the plain of Balaldava, which foreigners and merchants are forbidden to enter under the severest penalties. Excursions to Simpheropol, hitherto permitted, had likewise been prohibited. No person. is allowed to visit the country who is n6t provided with a certificate of good morals and' orthodoxy, delivered at St. Petersburg. SNuch are the ntew orders of the GovernmenX and they are being executed with the punctuality of the Russian con.sig?, unless the traveller - hs at his disposal certain arguments irresistible to ; :Russian employes. . The allied forces at C6nstantil' nople amounted to between 20,000 and 25,000 men; so that about 40,%l0O men will have still to be shipped for the-west. There is every reason to suppose that Turkey' wll- be entirely evacuated in the course of August, and in consequence of a decision of' the. rench Government, received by the in! tendants of the army at Constantinople, the Liouidation Commission, 'vhich was to have regulated all the accounts in Turkey, will settle them in France' in. order that the evacuation of the Ottoman territory may take place as speedily as possible. Letters from , Galatz of the 16th announce- that the commission sent to fix the TAurko-Russian boundary line in Bessarabia had artived dat Akermann, whence it had followed the frontier indicated in the Treaty of Paris. On -reaching Bolgrad, however, the commissioners per- ceived that the l would have to undergo importent modifications. They nevertheless continued heir laboursi along the river Yalpuk. Kertch was completely evAcuated by the English on the 6th -alt. Thebill for reforning the French Customs Tariff hasbeenathrown over to thenextsession of theLegislative Body; ir the meanwhile the Dgbats, with a view of chechnig any unauthorized joy that this circunstance may create in the minds of the Protecti6mist irty in France, publishes a list' of petitioners oin favour of a reform of the restrictive tariE. This lt was dawn up three years ago, but it may be aZafely aurised that the advocates of free trade have 'rapidly increased in number and', inportan since that period. The list comprises the :names of the most eminent men of business in rance. It is said that the members of the Legislative Corps have been eammetly recommended to do their best towards allaying any alarm that may exist among the manufacturers in the departnents on that subject, and the Prefects have received instruc- tions to the'same effect.. The Protectionist Asociation, which has assumed formidable dimensions, leaves nothing undone tg excite the public mind against all liberal reforms of the tariff. A telegraphic despatch frxom Madrid of the 2d inBt. says 'The Civil Governor of VaUiadolid has been dismisdid. Castile-is tranquil. Th3 cause of the late disorders ix still ~involved in mystery." The Uniivers says "TheConissienof the FrenchAca,demy for compiling s new dictionary was formed inl86. It is eompyx;d of six members,who receive a yearly salry of 1,200f., or together 7,200!. It follows that in the course of 20 years tbd six mnembers must have drawn a su,m of 144,000f. At this day, not only has the commission not findshed the letter A of its dictionary, but it has not gone beyond the ad jective effedtionn. An approximate guess may therefore be given as to the period when the commission will have terminated its labours and also the expense it will entail on the State." M. Baroche, President of the Council of State,'is, by decree dated Tuesday, charged ad interim 'with the administration of the Deuartment of Foreign Affairs during the absence of Count Walewski I Cardinal Wiseman arrived last evening in Paris, on his way to Vichy, accompanied by the VeryRev. MIonsignor Talbot, Domestic Prelate and Apostoiic Delegate to His iloliness the Pope, the Very Rev. Monsignor Searle, and the Hon. E. Stonor. - ' Admiral Lord Lyons has passed through Paris. on his -way to the Crimea. Cixdinal Patrizi, on arriving at Lyons on. Tues-: day night, about 9 o'clock, alighted with his suite ati the palace of the Archbishlop. The next morning,' at 8 o'clock, his Eminence, accompanied by the pre-~ lates in hissuite, proceeded to the chapel of Fourviere, and there said mass and adsminstered the communioni to a considerable number of persons. At noon the' prelate left Lyons by the railway for Marseilles. I'- I The Prefect of the Seine has received a letter from the Mayor of Birmingham, announbing that at nsaeting had been held in that place in favour of t.1leI sufferers by the inundations, and enclosing -a first subscription of 2501. ' ' I The 'Ihree per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. '20c.1 for the end of the month; the Four-and'-aflHaf per Cents. at 94f.; and the YNew Loan at 72f£ 40c.; Orleans Railway Shares,' l,407f. 50c.; Great Nor-I thern, 1,140f.; Strasburg, 952f. 50c.; New Shares, 87Sf.; Paris and Lyons, 1,525f.; Lyons io' tha Mediterranean, 14750f.; Western of 1rance, 965f.;p Bordeaux and Cette, 7s65f.; Great Central of Fran¢s, 667f. 50c.; Lyons aid Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,587f. 50c.; Austria Railway, 906f. 25c. Cours Awhteniqm-PAis, July 3.h Pxioes.-. Four-and-a-dalf per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto not reimburs- | able for 10 years, 93f. 50c. ; ditto second Loan of18655(60, per cent. paid), 93f. 5Qc.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid) 93o 50c. Four per Cents., S2f.; Three per Cents., if. Soc. 90c. 6ie5.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 75c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid),- 71f.: 76c., Bank of France, 4,075f. 4,100f.; Credt Foncier, 6SSf. ex.div. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four war Cents.,' 430f.; -ditto Three per Cents. 395f. Prom. Obligations of' 1,000!., Three per Cents., 930f. *6redit Mobilier, 1,595f. 1,s600. 1,595£. 1,5901. 1,587f. 50c.; Discount Bak,- S5£!. 690f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 91; Belgisn Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93 9SA';Romans, 8Z7.; Spaniish Deferred Converted, 24+j A; dlitto Three per 'Ccnts., 44' 45; ditto Interior Debt, 394 Q. 'k.' cbange on London, at sight, paper, 25£. 27lc.; mon5ey. 25L. 25c.; thiree months, paper, 24!. 9z7c. ; money, 24f. 95c. AUSTRIA. (FrOs OUt 7OWN cORnsSPON-Ilvr.)M VIENNA; Juiz 30. XPrince Gortschakoff left Vienna the evening before last. The day originally fixed by Prince Gortschakoff for his departure was the 20th of, JLune,buta shorttimebefore itarrivedhe madeknovin! his intention to remain until the 23d. On the 23d, when the Russian- statesman- announced his wish: to stay " until the beginning of July," the publici began to suspect that something of great importance' was occurring in Vienna, but the public, as is not un-; 'frequentlv the case, was mistaken. Prince Gort-' schakoff was merely waiting for the Grand Cross of, St. Stephen, or of -some other Austrian order, butl on the 28th he lost patience and went to Dresden and Berlin, where he probably has a little anti-, Austrian business to transact. The philo-Russiansi inthis city are almost unable to realize the fact that} a Russian Minister for Foreign Affairs has been, permitted to quit Vienna without having -re- - ceived from the Emperor any more strikirng proof of kindly feeling than an invitation to. dinner. .Notwithstanding the various-disasters which haveI occurred in France, the Vienna Exchange continuesp to display very great steadiness. In the opinion of I men learned in fnance-matters, the Credit Bank is; the " balancing-pole " which enables the Vienna Ex-, -change to preserve its equilibrium, and there is no' reason to doubt that such is the case. The A ustrian' Credit Bank is censur6d by many forits exaggerated ca.ation; but Baron Bruck and the founders of thee institution never intended to take the French Criditt Mobilaer for a modeL - It is true that the CreditBank is concerned in all the new railroad enter-i prises, but it does not fail to sell a great part of. the shares which it has taken in them as soon as a reasonable premium can be obtained. It is considered certain that the Credit Bank has alreadyrealized between 5,000,000fi. and 6,O00OOgO1l.i by the sale of Lombardo-Venetian Railroad shares,; and half that sum by its fortunate speculations in the NationalLoan and other Government stock. As thc. Credit Bank also does discount business, the National Bank is no longer so much inclined to reject good -bills as it was a few months ago, and the consequence is that money may now be had on reasonable terms. The issue of,tho shares of the Vienna-Salzburg Railroad has made no impression whatever. on the money-market, and a very considerable part of' them has already found their wav into what is -ecimically called " iirm" haZnds. The non-speculat-ing public also buys very largely in Theiss 'Railroad shares, as it justly reasons that stock for which Government gtiarantees 5 2-10 per cent. cannot be dear at 105. It will probably be seen, and at no distant period, that the Theiss Railroad will be one of the best of the Austrian industrial enterprises. Some of the' Austrian manufacturers had -pro-posed to petition the Minister of Finance to make a change in their favour in the Customs tariff, but they have reconsidered the matter, and intend-for the present to remain quiet. It having been remarked that the Bohemian glass manufacturers are equalled, if not surpassed, by their foreign rivals in I regard, to the form of their wares, the Commercial Department has sent some first-rate draughtsmen to Bohemia. This city has been surbjected. to great I and sudden cbanges of temperature within the last few days, but the state of the public health is not worse than usual. There has frequently been a difference of 35 and 38 degrees (Fahrenheit's scale) l within six hours. .It may be as well to call the attention of the -traI velling public to the rapidity with which the voyage | between Constantixiople and Tnieste is now made. A fellow-countryman, who returned from the Turlk ish capital by the last boat (the America), informs me that he left Constantinople on Friday, the 20th! and reached Trieste in lhe morning of Thursday, the 26th. 'The steamer reached Syra 12 hours.before her time, so that she was obliged to stop there 18 hours instead of six. My informant also assured me that the accommodation, food, and attendj ance were first-rate. The Lyonnais, a steamer belonging to a French company, managed t6 get up the Danube as far as GZiurgevo; but when there her captain was obliged to apply to the agent of the Danubian Steam Navigation Company for coals. The agent asked by electric telegraph for instructions how to act, but it is not yet known what reply was given. ITALY. . (FROX OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NAPLES; Juon 26.' IC Sir William Temple had an interview-with the Minister for Foreign Affairs on Monday," so said one informant, and " a separate note, and a very strong one, has been presented by the English Government to' that of the Two Sicilies," said another informant. I do not believe the report; the wish-was father to the thought, but I think it may adinit of discussion whether such a step might not and ought not in prudence to be made. As France and Austria ha-e chosen to regulate the, affairs of Northern and Central Italy, perhaps a dtie regard to her just influence would justify British interference in the south of Italy. So. much for this question as one of policy. Nor does it appear to me to be in any degree less urgent if viewed as a question of honour. We have long been connected by sympa- thues sild by something more -with the,Two Sicilies; in some of -the moet interesting crises of- their history, when common honesty and firmnes united would have secured a better fortune for the country, we have encouraged and then abandoned them-to what let the bistry. of the last eight years reply. Now again, by, diplomatic expreasions of not very reasured force, we have wrought up the, Italians to the very highest pitch of hope, and inspired them with i; readinews to precipitate themselves into anymaa project, secure as theyfeel of the asistance of England. Far, however, from giving any encouragement to the Progresista, party, that which has been done amounts to at most worse than nothing. A note has been presented by the .Weatern'Powers, one of them now kiieeing in the dust before the representative of, the Popes. Theo efficiency of suc]i a note may well therefore be. doubted' where the sincerity of one Powrer is neu- tralized by the dou'ble policy of the other. This,' of course, is well calculated upon by Ferdinand IL, who has Austria close behind him urging him on to' defiance, and promising him assistance in case of need. The natural consequence is such a note as I have already described to you. His Majesty -has defied the Western Powers,. and: rising in his saddle runs a tilt against the political: prisoners by way. of showing his utter disregardlof all advice.. h the position of England, however, altered? Are her obligations cancelled? Are our. high words of :no' farther force than to show how ready we are to promise and to urge -n, and then to abandon? The political trials are again postponed to July 4. On the 27th of that month one year will have elapsed since the prisoners we3re arested. Twelve 'mont'hs of punishment for men presumed by the law to be as yet innocent ! No one dreams, of course, of their. liberation; they; are 'brought out, not to be tried,, but to be condemned.. I am glad to be abloi to state something positive in favour -of the, Piiglia Railway. .'The fist carg6 6f iron arrived on Thu.rsday. On inouiring at the i office of the company, I was informed that, beginning from Naples, they are' now work- ing on' tho entire. width of the. line, 6 and' bridging as far as Pomigliano d'Arco V, fihiCh is six miles.distant from the capitaL At .Pa-, terno great activity is displayed in tunnelling. From Sarno, 'enteang into Puglia, surveys will 'commence in si few days,' the results of which will be submitted to His Majesty. SaMO, .already. connected, w ith Nola- by a branch from the .Capua Railway,. will, now be connected with San- t severino by the Government line. From Sanseve-; rino to; Salerno a linE will' be made by the-Puglia, Company.. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 29th ult. I At the opening'of the :sitting. on the 29th the 'lMi-; nister of Public- Workis informed 'the assembly t at a.ll the despatches he had received on that day described the situation. oij the provinces as satisfactory. The Captain-General of Old Castile had left Valladolid for Palencia, -to see the sentence of the courtmartial carried into eflect. The Gazette contains the following;- ,"Another incendiary has been shot at Valladolid., The Council of Var has condemned several rioters to imprison-, ment. More Earious cases remained to be tried. The Aumn- ber of prisoners is 70. At Palencia the principal authors I of the inceidiary fires 'were to appear before the Conncil:dE $ War on'the 27th, and the Captain-General was on the poisit of repairing to that, towm, with the auditor of war and' a3 .company of the National Guardc of VaUladolid, who asked to accompany him.. The entire' military district of Old Castile continued to enjoy perfect tranquillity." The Council of Ministers had decided that all the governors of provinces now in Madrid on leave should return forthwit7i to their respective posts.
WEST COAST OF AFBICA. - 4 te following appeard, in our second edition of yes-, terday:-] (BY ELECYTfUIC TBLEGRAPH.) PLYMOUTIH, FRDmAY ORNTn'G. The Africaut Steam Navigation Company's mail packet Gambia, Comr nander. Rolt, arrived this morning. Her homeward dates are-Old' Calabar, MIay 25th; Fernando Po and Cameroons, 26th,; Bonny, 28th; Lagos,,.une. Ist; Accra, 3d; Cape Coast, 5th; Sierra Leone, 14th; Bathurst, 17th ; Goree, 18th; Teneriffei, 22d; and Madeira, 26th;. j She has 1,337 ounceos of golddust, and a general. cargo of palm oil,.cotton, ivory, beeswax, &c. At Cameroons trade was brisk, and the rivers healthy. Oil is.scarceat .Old Calabar and Borny. .: The dispute respecting the King's duties at Lagos continues unsettled, and there is much dissatisfaction re,arding the poll-tax at Cape Coast Castle. The colony of Sierra Leone is healthy, trade dull, .and, merchants. will find great difficulty in fulfilling; ,their contracts. I.. ., A aunumber of ships are waiting for cargoes at Bathurst. ' ' Commodore Adams, in the Scourge, left Lagos dn the 20th of fh,y, destination uilmnown ;. the M1inx -eoi the'28th; and the 0h-lders for a cruise on.the 31st.. . .. . Her Majestys ships- Orion and Virago, and the French ship Fult6n, were at anchor at M1adeira. " The Archer screw steamship; 14, Captain Heath,cote, arrived there on the 25th. : The Impfrieuser three gunboats, and several ships of war:left on the 25th, and the Tartar on the 26th. i The miail pack-et Niger, outward, arrived at Sierra Leone j une 10, and left for the leeward coast on the: 11th. She would be at Accra, homewards, on the Ist instant,
MtRS. SIJACOLE.-MrS.. Seacole, the celebratel proprietress of the provision store in the Crimea, intends retting upa similar establishment at Aldershott. Her faine in. tm: Uparticular -departmneiit of businesg is so elv eimkown among 31L military men that success in her new specuiatioll is almost certain. . I (Advertisbment.1-" The Green Hiay '" or, Adventuier of a Waval Lieutenant, price ls. 6d., is as true a picture of naval lf,4 as either "Tom 'ring.e's Log" or " The Cruise of the nadge.vaif is the new volume. of the Itail's a Library, en which series are zxonr issued. Drice Is. 6d. eawh. DIarrath "reter Simple," "Hingd OWp ' "Iffldsh!pman tZy?` Maxwells "Storits of Vaterleo " . lons modoe , "tRattin the Reefer." Ms. Gore's "Sell," "Heir of Sell wrood,"" L 'Iiwager." " Pin istor' o, Bsliier'a " Pelhan,t- ' ugen Law,"' " Last Days of Pemspeil,"Itieszi," naw ell as 18 volumro^1 suitable alike fornsivaY or hems readiDp. lAst, will be sent od pE i seastoron.*svrnew olumne will he "ALrthur O'Leary"hvchs 1L~ and Co..,' F don-tseet, (Advurtisement. =-" ievelations of Priscus Life," bJ Georye Laval CheztertOrL 2 ToI.j JiEt publishkL "M.r. Chestertonhas had rare expenence of human frailty. and at the end oraquarter of centuy of coT^ mOidd in the largest English priscou, heliereeiznhlUiad virtuenke ayouthfulpoet. eit lhad siyd with the felon, the fofgerv the 'lorette,' the vagabond, thb mujrderer; h looked into tht dJrkeiteepulchres:of the heart.ithoutfindingreason to desparogumnL kind. InhIs belief the woet of mneu hawe still some otthe -r el1eft Suchatestimonyfrom such a4qurterie follol Loeeltysaltj f'int terest. Aiaaciriousbitoehumanhistory these volumes are renarkae They are very rxea very simple; dsremnAtc, withlout exaggerstlen philosophic, wtthout being dull. In dealiu' with asubject so p~ctiiar as5 prison life Mtr. Chesterton vvas inise lnmalzing his treatmentpiettnr and incidental.. General descriptions, however ac-r ate, interest onub afew; but storietof crime, snetslo'es of -crlminals, usa ttUutl al rssdereml-Athemeum. Hhust and BLackett. pubishers. ' [Advertisement.1-Book for Tourists.-" Wanderio among the Iligh 'pa," by Alfred Wills. '-1)it Syc, wish tol illuatratlons, lis. td.. " A plewsLnt and imtruccive book. Mi. Wills's wsaderings have not bleen confn,d i:to Ihe-2samlt trua i which Englishmen especially so c3ntinuously.trea, but hehiA struck out apath for him l f asonog thee High Alp.0,l- e"Ijegins`Wiihifs ecent of the Cot du4lssat, givn}lsll isa-Trtitularlsofida journey aLnd the nature of -the adventures he iset. lte heeitea Ee was tbe.SAttcb aOpd theWettkrhon. a hose meshof rock p5tpelsdichsll. Or eterc : ide exceptwhereic jois5 ta main chain of the IlernS'eOherited. Wj tuhink Mtr. WUbl foir aL tend hook,11 rs Will' in ten. clwfe alec >-d r Atkins for anmleful splsndiipn Alp)ine jianttt,".'
.RLALWAY ANP MJZt'' SHA - riFday Eveing.il The railway-market waD active at the commence anent of business, and pries in peveral caser showed a, t6dency to further inmprovenient.. Subsequently .theire wias,a pause, and quotstions then exhibited a 2reaction of from lOs. to 11 per share. Indian -deecriptions preiented great' nrmness, and the late rise continues to bevwell elupported The shares of rthe Australian-land -and banking conpanies, were no,re. reely, pur,chaed, and in aome cases at .higher prnc9a... Cansdi Iimd. were negotiated at '.131~. anad' l34,, and leEt .off. 130 to' 132 'ex;.' div. '-In ' niscellareousz shares the -operations "wee ±lnmerous; -but -t1ie connected with several Fof.thenew normpa nies irern. ratherheavy. Ottoman 'bk advaIu1 and left off in the later hours 3, to A pmr.; 'Bank of Xgypt closed I to 4 pm.; National ;3)iscunt, 1g to' pm. ; Riga Bailway, 2 to 4pm. ;- Pernamnbuco, 1 to I pm.'; IombarIJo-Venetian, 6f to4b pm.; Ban : of Swit.zerland, par to 4 pm.; 'Ceylon, 2L;to'ipm.; Benlgal. ailway, 4to 4pm.; .Euphrates Valley, b to ! pm. ; Western Bank of on,dQ,, U to, 2pm.; ,,aad West Ham Distillery, 4 ILDNmlY.. AS]) sToOTC
MONJY-MA lN&EfArqd OffYI)i2YzlGjWrC1. There has ben diminu buoyncy in ta Englishfunds h;o-d, and Conoa hve cdose 'ata decline of a quartrper cent. Thefiln pnrce st-I diy was95i to. 9&'and they opened this mcniig at 9pa. oiourt1er alteration took place untilWn_ r the termination of'busines, when an incaed tendeincy- to dtlese 'was manifested, there' bein ultimately sellers'it 95.- 'he fact of a furth~er amount of abouat 50,00QI. in gold -haw:ng beefitiji. drawn from, the Bank for purchases of silver oi4ho continent, togother with a report, bilieved ti be premature, 6f a niew T,arkish Five per Cent ldAn being about to be introduced -it the price of 85, 'was among the influences which operaled nfavouriblk. a Stock let off at 217 to 218 Reduced, 96 to 'N owew Three per Centa., 9ai to - Annmt~A, 30 years, 18a ; and India Stock, 232 to 234. Taie unfunded securities were i much demand aid experienced a further improvement; Exchoequerbonds closed at 100 to A, and India Bonds and Exchequer-bills at 1&s. to 2Ls p'pemium. - Foreign secrties, with Lew exceptions,;a-are lower. There wras a marked decline in Turkis Six per Cents,, owNing to heavy sales attributed- uto Greek firms on the report above referred to. The operations in the official list were at 10&5 and; lOi} for money, and 10(., 1051. 105i 105i, and 1.05-fpr the acconnt. :later in the day bargains took plpe at 104, but the, final quotation was 104_ to A. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed were dealt in at- 10S6 and i, but they left off 1051 to 106. Russian.Fi"e per Cents., for the account, were firm at 113 -apd the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 99- esL-diviadeKd In Buenos Ayres transactions took place at 8B3-ad 86. The general business comprised-Braziliin Five per Cents., 102I1; Ecuador, New Consolidaf4l 14*; Mexican, for account, 227; Peruviad,9 (or account, 82; the Three per Cents., 5&J; Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 92k; Spanish Thiree per Cents., 4s3j; Venezuela, :or account,l 30; Austrian Five per Cents. (not payable in London), 84t , and Datch Four per Cent. Certificatea, for account, 96g. - . In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the ra6te upon Hamburg showed a slight advance. With regard to other places there was no imporbht alteration. The final price on the Paris Dourse this. evening of the Three per Cents. for the end of the montih was 72f. 5c., showing a fal of nearily a-half per cent. The corn-market was heavy this morning at the rates of Mondayr. The report of the LiverDool cotton-market for the. week shows an active business at full quotations. The following [letter from E shareholder of the Graiid Trnk Railway of Canada gives a cohcisetbut, perhaps, atoo unqualified history of the geneiai course of that indertakdng, and of the position in which the subscribers may conceive themselves to be placed if the measure of relief, as it is called, which has been enteItained in the Canadian Legislature should be sancidoned and accepted by the London Board of Directors. At the same time it is necessiay to mention that there is little expectation of this course being adopted. The London Board, it is lie lieved, have not yet had the new arrangement formialy proposed to them, but whenever it is brouht imder consideration the decision will doubtless be regulated with a strict view to the interests of ;their constituents, although they wrvould, of coursb, 3se glad to promote any unobjectionable suggestion-tiat might be calculated to operate beneficiallyfoi -the contractors. The mag,nituide of the line, whic-h was projected to extend a distance of 1,112 miles, anid lo involve an outlay of 9,500,0001., causes great iniprtance to be attached to every question in relationato it "Sir,-The letter from Mr. Napier, in yonr ciy Tarticle of to-day's paper, reminds me that I am one of that helpless class, a raagway shareholder. Underwvhat circumstancesss a prudent man, I became one the following is my jusfilication. In 1853 the lirospectas of the " Grand Trank' 3lailwav of Canada" 'was brought under my notice. Warned bythe past, I of corse looked chiefly asto who 'were the pe6ple ulnder whose authority it was to* be cradled *nd broughtup, and what their proposals. Behold the fclliwing as directors in London "Thomas Baring, Esq., M.P., G. C. Glyn, Esq., M.P., agents of the province and directors on -behalf if the Canada Government; Alderman W. Thompson,-AL,., Robert 3'Calmont, Esq., Henry Wollaston Blake, Eq., Kirlinan D. Hoadgon, Esq., and 12 directors in Canniana, sib of whom held theehief Goverment offiees, with lr William Chapman, of Leadenhall-street, as secretary. " The prospectus showed that the railway would bal,112 miles, in 'which 'was included a lease of the Atlantic and St.ILawrence Railway, of 14Smiles, at a rental of 60,0001. per annua, and the capital required 'was 9,500,000t., sterling,.in which was included the constractionof theVicto a- bridge over the St. L-awrence, under the superintendence' of Robert Stephenson. Esy., IL?., as engineer.- "Inthesaid capital of 9, 500,0001, was a fusion of two rail'ways, on which had been laid out.1,41G,000t., which was to he recloned as capital; and there wvasreserved for allotment in Canada 837,GQ )L.; tot-al, 2,253,G00L1 The remaining capital of 7,246,000t.vwascreated as followis:-One-half inshares, oneforth in debent-esofcompany, and one-fourth in hands ofthe Canada Government, as afirst mortgage on the rlway. Of this 7,216,0001., one-half wi* to be allottetd to the English public, aud the' other half was agreed to bh taken at par by- the contractors, Mlessrs. Peto, Braisey, Betts, and Jackson. in part-payment of their contracts. "Interest at 6 percent. was to be paid in Londonuntilthe entire worhas were completed- and a summary of probable rei'enue was detailed, showing anet profit of IIA per cent. on the share capital. " In this prospectus the attention of the English public is prominentlygdrawn by the promote's to the large amornt *of Canadian capital invested; also great stress wvas laid on the certainly very importantfact that the eminent English finn of Messrs. Peto,.Brassey, Betts, and Co. had undertaken six-sevenths of the whole of the new works; 'be directors thereby boeing enabled actu,zally to define the cosa of the railway by 'the contracts made, so that there could he no arprehensien 'of the capital being insuflicient; - ted, further, the public nre again sass-ed that the directors; ?ho their contracts, have secured the delivers of thewbioleof the railway fully equipped and complete in everv respect "It 'was also stated that the receipts from the 390 miles opened in 1853, from Montreal and Quebec to Portlaud, would at once realize sufficient to pay the rental of 60,0001. per annum; and als) pay ail the interest on the debentures and bonds. "- Well, Sir, on considering the above, knoving the progress that the growing colony of Canada 'was making- and knowing also that in the names of the London directors I had a combination of strict integrity, high honouor, _nd excellent judgment, f-thought I could not be far wrong in embarking my 7iodi-s-n of money in this inves-tment. " I confess I did not rely on the 11l per cent. paraded, but I thought I was safe for the 6 per cent., and also coasidered it was not a bad scheme for Canada, where theuiate of interest ranged at 10 per cent. "The whole of the English capital vas allotted, ail the shares came out at a premium. "For the next two years, 1854-, sundry reports -ind annual meetin=s tbok place, in all 'which the call35,ara reported as weil paid and the works Drosecuted by the oontractors 'with energy anud rigour, the}on. GeorgePembertora congratulating the shareholders on their financial position and the progress of their magnificelt railway. True it is that a modest intimation is given of a loss of 298,0001. by a waxt of judgment as to the Portland section; and, what was worse, the dsheholders 'were informed thaLt the 8S7,6001. of capital r eserved for urties in Canada was in-no pait taken by the ungrateful people. However, to rempdy this, the directors had obtained an additional issue from the Canda Goveinent of 900,0001. bonds, thus bj so -such reducing the share capital and creating in an Laver ratio a preference charge. To this-not expecting perfectior in a rilw&ay direction, but, no doubt, lying on aose1 degree of judgment in the London directors-the saireholders appear to hare silently submitted. " Thus matters stood at the beginning of this year, the shareholders not having a hint even of any financial embarrassaent of the coampany, when your colusmns diacilced the fist act of the drama bygiving a report of a meeting of a portion of the shareholders to take steps to remedy -the i nnances of the compay, and the Hon. W. Napier 'ras deputed to Canad. Who the3e shaorhulders were, 'what amount of shares they represented, and in what shape'the company's fina.nces Mere wronuglave never appeared. Your columns of to-day hare disclosed the concludinig act of this tragedy. Amid a staite of affairs in Canada which to'*y mind conveys a very painful impression of the low state cf public feel-ingnd political inorality in that colony- Ir. Nwpier has thpughtlroper to negotiate a proposal, which. et it be diasgised as itmay,isneither more norf le, tha-th, complete d estruction of the 3,0000000of.dlar capital; 'nd for what is shrouded in a mystery. The board of direc4ora in?Loiidon amidl anl thls are as silent as the grave; for wo 'years there was no paucity of circular, for the la it twelvemonths not a word as to all thi. Can Mr. Barintor Messrs GIlyn and MWCalmont be aware of what_ is doing or .of the respousibiitv attaLhing to them? If the diffic',tv to with the contractors, -why are we not told the truth 9 a il if ao, and they find it inconvenient to fulfil their engae. ments, is that any reason that any property shul, be confiscated to g save them froa loss I- iay use strong ILngu age, but here stands the naked pro. postion. I embarked in a share capital of 5,144,000,, a ln preference debnnture, pital of 4,35 090DL total, 9,50M,000. By the propiced scheioe of confisctio.n the share capital is educed to 3.006.00G1, and the preferenoe capital increased to 7,25G 0001O; total, 10,2,62,000 . And of the 2,0,000,Cp. of new bonds created 700,0001 is to be applied to raiways wlich-no mu n hashadd 1he effrontery to say'wilpay cveinthier 'woiking expensee . L ' the case be so desperate that either the contractors or the hareholders rmst he destroyed, -'hy the shareholders? V Me have performed all our engayen ata - but so helpless are 1he shareholders by the traneactioem curring in Canada that I now appeali for your sia (ever kivein to -she inniocentv sff6rer) to rouse the London dire,tr, to the discharge ofthe duties they owe tothe shareholder, 'ho have rep,sed wIth so much confidence in their naraua. * Iam, Str, "London, July 1. "A SHAEIzxLDU B OnFrida lt S letter was i ered from "'At .
. gtStCrh COMF-OP1-tYY OQUNOIL, - , Jly 4. _ ^ ITHE VIVID.-,COLlSXOK. - - - (BeforeZord Judee KJqiarTBAucz, iqerZ TusEiceTImNER, Sir J. PBTrTos. aiz Sir J. DODSON.) :tins Was an appeal from tlle High' Court of Admiralty in a cause of daLmage promoted, bythe late brigntine Henry against ithe steauvessel VivicLd The coUision occurred in; Doier Roads about lL30 p.m. on the l}th of August last, - an&the consequenc raa no' only the loss bf the brigantine,. but, the master, the mate, and a boy on board war.-rw ned;Thebrigantine, coa'iaden,' waying at iin choi the steari ,had just quitted Dover harbour- for Calais; having the m"ils and upwards of '70 w,sengers on board;- On the part of h2 steamter the occurrence was atributed to the brigantine baving been broughtup or perinitted -to drive to and in the Mair-way' of vessels. leaving the harbour foir Cslais, and 'neglecting to shew a proper'light. The brigantine, on the contrary, alleged that sha was in proper anchoragc kroand','and that she had a soitable light hoisted. The Court -below decided in- favour of the brigantine on both issues, and imputed the blame solely to the steamer,,against which the present appeal was instituted. Sir Fitzroy Kelly and Dr. Itobertson were heard for the appellant' Sir Frederic Thesiger and 'Dr. Jenner for the respondent. ' . - - - Their Lonnsmrs reserved their judgment. - THE CLAEWSSE-SALVAGE The brig.CLaisse, at 6 am. on the 15th of N'ovember, lS4, while in the prosecution of a voyage from Mrseilles to Lohdon, with a general cargo, struckon the Girdler Sand, mad eventually waent to pieces, bht portions of the cargo were 'taken out of aer and other portions picked up by the crews Iof several smacks, In rs, and boats. The value of the prop rty salved was 6,M701. Proceedings to obtain salvage rkmuneration were instituted in the Admiralty Court of the -Cinque Forts, the learned judge of which- awarded a gross sum of 1,280L, whichhe thus distributed.-to the Liberty (a Colchester boatwhich had s-ved the lives of the crew) 4601.; :to the other Colchesterboats, 320,; to thiWhitsLable boats, 3201.; ho the Margate boats, 1001.; to the Mary (also a 3argate boat), 3W; and to the Milton boats, 501 Against Atih deoree the present appeal asa prose.nted by the Whit-.. *sable and Margnatsboats, on wiose beha'f it wascontended, 4frst, that the gross sum was an inadequate reward, and. secondly, that they had not received P. due proportion-of the amnount allotted. 'Dr. ADDArs and Dr. BAYFORD were heard for the appelLints; Dr. RoBnesox and Dr. Twass for the respondents. I Lord-Sustice KIG'ST BRituc; in delivering the judgment of their Lordships, said that, considering the distress and danger in which tho vessel was placed, and.the merritorions nature, so far as some of the asrvors wereconcerned, of the services rendered, their Lordships would, in all probabihtyj }had the case come originally before them, have been dispesed to allow. a reater amount of total remun-' I eeration. It was, however, a 'settled rule, and one of great utility, particularly with reference to cases of this |description, that the differenee ought to be very considerable to induee a Court of Appeal to interfere upon a question of 3neze discretion. Ongeneral grounds, their Lordships *ould Aot inerease the amount given in the court below. The - largate smacks, t which 1001. had been allowed, appeared, so far as their Lordsbips could form a judgment, to have inisconducted themselves greatly and to have done more larm than good; and bad they not been joined in the appeal ,vith the other cppellants to whom no such observation applied, theirLordabius wouldhave beendisDosed to take away one-half of that sum. Their Lordships, however, *ould decline to interfere in that case also. With regakd to 40t.1 c9mposed of two sums of 3201 each, one of these iurms sfiold be allotted exclusively to nine'boats, which arrived on the 15th of November -namely, seven boats from 'Whitstable, the Prince of Orange and the Unity. The 201.given tothe other Colchester boats, llin number, must badiovded,per cana, between the Colehester and Whitstable boats not included in the seven. There would be no cots of the appeal.
ZAW REPORT. ROLT0' COURT, CaAcmy-rua, JuLY 4. [BAL'DVl]T V. BALD'Wll. Betort the - al ASTER of thet HRorn.T nims case came before the Court as to the construction of t.he will and codicil of the late W illiim Baldwin, of Sedgley. in the county of Stafford, dated the 25th of May, 1854. The testator by his will gave the sum of 4,000 . to trustees, to provida stipends and annruties for any. number (not exceeding ninie) of poor elderly perns of both sexes, who, through misfortune, should he in indigent circumstances, or inanyother respects he worthyobjects of charity." The testator further empowered his trnstees to settle by deed the nses to which the sSid sum of 4,000l. should be appied, so as best to support "the institution" to which he (the testator) intended it to be applied. Nineteen days after this will was made, the teststor made a codicil to~ it, by which he conrimed it, " save and except such part or parts thereof as related to the building of almahouses, which said part he revoked, and desired that his executors should be released from carrying out the same, and the stipends and annuities connected therewith." The question left to the Court was, whether the rambling rwords of the codicil revscked the specific gift of 4,OOg. in the wil l and His HoNOxJs held that the codicil did revoke the wiU in tbis respect, inasmuch as the iatention of the testator was evidently to revoke somethirng, and there was no other gift in the will to which the words of the codcil would apply except the charitable gift of 4iODOI., to he applied in providing " stipends and annuities for poor persons." Mr. iz Palmer, Mr. Wickens, Mr. Drnce, and Mr. Bird appeared in the case.
VICCHANCELORS' COURTS. JTLY 4. ATTOr-NEY-GEERAL V. THE D-N- OF CRISTOURCH, OXFOlRD_ rHWfore Vice-Ch7anceUor Sir R. T. KiNDERsLgv.) - Mr. EADDAX appeared in support of a petition to a- point a new trustee of certain lands, which were applicable to support exhibitions, in connexion with Christchurch Colege, Oxford, at various schools, tbe Dean of Christchurch being dead. The charity was e,gulated by a private act of Parliament passed many years since, which providedthat there should be four trustees of the charity, the Earl of Powis and the Dean of Christchurch for the time being to be two i and it was now proposed, the late Dean of Christchurch bemg dead, to appoint the present Dean, Dr. Liddell, in his stead. Mrr. B. WARD appeared for the schoolmasters of the various schools entitled to exhibitions under this charity. The VICn-CHAscELLOF made the order. (Before Yice-Chanvlir Sir J.. STuART.) ASMSrLL V. WOOD. This case, which was commenced yesterday after the motions were disposed of, was resumed to-day after the petitions were heard. The bil was filed for the purpose of obtaining pa,ment from the defendants, who were the owners of a ship caUed the Amy, of a sum of abont 1,2001.i deposited by the plaintiff with the master of the ship when it was on the coast of Africa in the year 185L The plaintiff's case was that the money had been emploved in purchasin' 3O tons of palm oil, which had been consigned tothe defend. ants, as wel as in furnishing the ship with necessaries and in repairing it; and that apart of the money had been remitted to and received by the defendants. The defendants' case is not yet concluded. Mr. Wigram and Mxf. Archibald Smith appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Turner for the personal representative of the master of the Amy, who is now deceased; and Mr. Bacon and Mr. Karslade for the defendants.
COURT2 OF. QOJEE'S BENCH. GUnITAT .TTTmv. 4- lOVILL V. FY'O BRT" An ANAmVn (Sitting at Nizi Prius, before Zer8 OmIPrBrM and a Sp- cida JTurp.) M3r. iKnowles, Q.C., r. Bovill, Q.C., Mr. Webster, and Mr. George Denman appeared for the plaintiff; and the Attorney-General, Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and Mr. Hindmarch for the defendants. The plaintiff in this action, George Hinton Bovill, was an engfneer in Abchurch-lanes in the city; end he sued the le endants, Messrs. Keyworthi and Co., inlers at Lincoln, to recover damages for the infringement of a patent grnted to the plaintif, mJune 1849, for certain improvements in the manufacture of wheat and other, grin anto meal and flour. The principal defence was, that the painptiff's e tion was not n4w, it being nothing more than an addito to Gordon's patent, of 1844, of an exhausting apparatos which had heen in use in connexion with Gordton's patent before the year 1849, when the plaintiff's patent was taken out. It appeared by the evidence that, in the old method of grinding corn, a onsiderable amount of heat was generated by the friclion of the two millstones upon each other under a heavy pressure. The flour became heated and deteriorated, and it was also necessary to delay for some time the process of dressing." The object, then, was topreserve the quality of the flour, and also to expedite the " dressing' process. This w as effected by a p.atent taken out hy t e- plaintiff in 1846. whereby a blast or current of cold air was made to pass between the stones. This blew out the flour, and s cooled it at the same time. The apparatus, however, had a great defect, foritgreatly increased the qmuAtity of the "stive," or light floating particles of flour. This increased to such a degree that the health of the workmen suffered, and the invention was to a great ex¢tent deprived of its utility, thohI i stil used. But in the year 1849 the plintffto out h'i present patenLt, which consisted of an exhausting apparatus, adapted to the blast apparatus of the patent of. 1846. By this exhausting apparatus the "e tive" or floating dust was collected in a chamhber and there sifted. The current of air pa ig between the millstones brought the ",stive" along with it into the chambet. The air was then. drawn through the walls of the chamber, consisting of a -ine woollen substance, 'andL left the "astiveo" behind it in the chamber, where it- settled and was collected. The improvement thus introduced was at once appreciated, and aidopted in several large establishments; and, accrdig to the evidence, it was equal to an addition of Is. to the value of every barrel of flour. Th6 defendants, who were large millers at Idncoln. adopted the plaintiff's patent, and for several years they paid him 1,7001. a-year for his licence to use it. But they had given not-ice to discontinue it, aua bad since used an iapparatus-made by a M1r. Gordon, which the p laintiffnow contended was an infringement ofhIis patent of 1849. It appeared that in the year 1844 two year bfore the plaintiff's. first patent, Gordon had taken out a patent for intro?'icing'a blast of c-old air between the maillstones;- and, accord.ing to the defendants' contention, they had do'ne no 3more than uae Gordon's patent, with the addition of an exhausting apparatus, which they contended was not thesuibject et2a patent at all, it havig been in common use at the endof he ear184, oretha a earbefrethe plaintif a ajicifcaton as nroled Th deendntscalled a Mr. Muir,ofthTradstonmuls Glagow,andh stated -that, mil atAltna,inDenark an tht e immediatel intrducedit ino theTradeatv-mills in. - i3e-y n conjunction vwith Gordon's apparatu B whais (la Novinil: 1848 the sappuarmN 'whicl -wzxUiptnbJplo'tbe altneas the plaintiff'g, Identical at edi bi ordon fcr nfo t ane ndf n h -t ~wia i. fUll operationwat the Tr,Aeston.mills, According to tIe witness's stateineut,it wain common use tbere long before the plain-tiffespatent,-thoughit.was afterwards discontinued. This 'was the lrst pert-cf-thd defendnt case. * The recond was this, T zhe'plii'tif had stated "that hb made the dis- coveyijich-he'' patentea in 1849 while. deavouring to, cure the defect 6f his first appiratus, fitted up at the oilla 'of 11.;Pives,-at-Wandsworth. -Thi vasdefiledby the,defin8 wts, who sait the fiiooreny sian not made,by e I tiff ibit bv M r. Divees forema3u This -ws padtiyoly. ted :the.pliiti, who said he made the discovery himself anad constmrcied and sent the iapparatu to :Mr. Dives, 'and that Mr Dives had for several years sinoe paid 2,000.- ayear,for.thesiise of the plaintiff's patent. Even admittmg that the plaintiff was an original irventor, it was contended 6rthe defendants that the discovery had been previously a4ade at'Altona, and was in comniimn use in,the Tradeston.' null, Glasgow, before the plai:atiff .had taken out his jspitcntj and therefore, howeveruSnfortunate it might be for .the pahintsZf 3his patent could notbe sustained. . ¶Uhe defendants'ease was not: concluded at the rising oE tt alCort; -te tria was, therefore, adjorned until to- norrow. (this day). , ' - SECOND COUJRT. ls*ingis-at Kiti Priue, at Guildhca4 beforc Mr. .zsticc WroIGsnWN anda Special Jury.) I .SICOL V. GILXLA? AND OTHESI& x Mr. BoviU and Mr. Unthani: were counsel for the pJntiff;0 and Mr. Wilds and Ifr. Toclinson for the 'i hin was an action upon a lharterparty to recover -ficight The only question w,as v-bether certain - freight h'ad beenpaidto M£r. W. 0. Young; the ship broker, as the aigent for-the plaintiff, as the owne r of the vessel, or as the isgent for the defendants, to whon the vessel -was ehar- tered..- .A most complicated mass of evidence was adduce i The jury etrned verdict for the defendants. * , . .CAI3PBELL V. DIN-XNW. 3Mr. i dwin James-and Mr. WelaSy weri counsel for the. plaintiff, and Mr. Seane and -Mr.. T, Chitty for the. defezidant.,- 'This was an action for money lent, money paid, money Lrhceivect and upon accounts stated, The claim was 5314 Tin pleas were, never indebted; secondly, as to 001.* that the pl&intiff wat a candidate tD serve as a -member of l-:P'arliament for the borough of Leioninster, and the plaintiff lthentgaie the defetdant 5001 inocder to procure a return of the -laintiffcontrar to the stiatte, and that the plaintiff's; c1im for rmoney bad and received and on accounts stateds was ifor that un; third:r, that the action was lirought't-re'over back from the cefendant.the sum which hiad been-paid by the-plaintiff to the defendant in respect of pork done by th 'defendant on behalf of the plaintiffas a fandidate to serve in Parliament, and that the sum was not paid through anyelection auditor, &-c., and that the sum was . not-paid in respect of any lawful cr reasonable e.xpenses in 'espect of the election; fourthly, a set off. i Wr. JMIBs said, this action was broUght to recover b. 5001. which had been intrusted to 'he defendant for a speCifie prpose, which purpose he had failed to perform. TMhe plaintiff was a gentleman of private fortune. On the 12th of Febraary there vws a vacancy in the representation of the borough of Leominster. Ho was then residing at Hendon, near London, and was a fiiend of Mr. Trelawny, who, suggestedtotheplaintiffthat he should go down to Leominster and contest the borough, and the plaintiff was introduced to the defendant, an attnrney and Parliamentary sgent; The-plaintiff was then quite a novice in election mnatters,an&he placed himself in the hands of the defendant, They wentdown together to Leominster, and. they h2d a discussion about the amount of the expenseof such an election' 'and the defendan t said the epenses would be 5001., andthie plaintiff then gave the defendant a cheek for thatairiount. On the18th of Febrcary the nonsi;ation took psce.anidonthe19th of Febrscarythepartiescametothepoll and the plaintiff was unsucoesift rhe plaintiff and defend-. antthen retrnedto London. On tel2thof Maythe defend. int called on the plaintiff at Hend -n and taked about the tx ehses 'of the election. The defendant said the only thingthat wasnovr to be done wras to arrange his expcuse d tb plaintif Isfked htin -how ulch he should require, indthed efendant said the locadl gents.had charged av; guineas for the retainer an'd a fee of 100 guineas, and he shouldbe contented with that sum: and then the plaintiff wvould have to give him another check for 31?. This check 'was given Somee time afterwards the defendant again called on the plaintiff, and then wianted him to give him a check for another 5001., as he musl, pay that sum through thie eleti6n'iuditcr. -TYhe- plaintiff refused to give another check unless thi former oneI was given up; and, as the defendant had not paid the election expenses, a demand was made for the other check or for the money, but it had not yet been paid, andit became necessary to bring the present action.-- James- CampbelL-4On the llth46f February I had an interview with AMr. Trelawny, reldive to my becoming a candidate - for- Leominster. He ixtroduced fr. Dennes to. me, ant on the 12th we went to Leominster. It was arranged to retain two other ageats. The defendant hadasked me how much expense I was willing to incur. I 'siidlS1.; but he said itmust be 500L. to covertheexpinses. I hesitated, but decided to go on, and gave him a check for 5001. Not n word was said about it being given for procuring votes. The pollinw took 'place on'the 19th, and I was unsuccessful, -and we .eft'Leominster the same Ievening. I afterwards saw the deifendant at the Reform jClub, and we wrote an address to the electors. I several times requested defendant to get the accounts settled. He always said he must go down, but could not then. On the 12th of May he brought some accounats, and told me to sign them, as admitting them to be due. They amounted to. 4211 I then agreed to givo thirm-ie guineas -retzainer, 100 guineas fee, and I gave him a check for 311. more. He afterwards came to me and! said he had passed the accounts, and he found the money must not be paid by him, but by me; therefore,hesaid, " You must give nie anothercheckfor 500. for election expenses." I said it- was inconvenient, and I asked him to pay me back the 5001. Ihaadgiven him. He said he world give me an I0 U.. I consalted Mr. Knox, who was in! my house at the time. I declined to giie a fresh check: He said I must give him a gualrantee, as it w. ould look very had if he gave me back the check. I p reposed to go to his; bank and get back my money. flu said he had some other appointment. I wished him torTi de on with me, but he declined to do so at first; but aftenvards got into the cariage, hut got outattho Regent's CanaL In .answer to Mr. Knox he said he did not refuse tol - give it ba-ck, but made many excuses and thengot out of the carriage. Cross-exaained.-We talked overthe amount for the exenses in the street at Leominster, when the defendant said, 1. would not cover the expenses. At last we fixed upon o001. He did not say it was to be given him to procure my return, nor was there any such undlerstanding. This paper is in my handwriting, and I gave it him at the time. There was no understanding about his procuring myreturn,or abouthis endeavouring to procurel mylreturn. Idid not use the word endeavour. The morey was not givenupon that understanding, either on my -part or his. He was to pay the expenses. The money wviLs not given to him to endeavour to procure my return. We was to serve me as agent. He was to pay the local agents. I did not pay my personal expenses at Leominster. I bought a railway rug thereon going away. The defendanii did not offer to give me his check for the amount; he refused to do so, or to exchange checks. Re-iexanined.-The 501. was given him to pay the expenses. After casting up the accolnts, he said, " The only thing that remains is my fee, and if I have the same as given to the other agents I shall he satisfied." Mr. A A. Knox-I am a memberofthe bar. The plaintiff is a friend of mine. I was present on the 21st of May, whein the plaintiff and the defendant were together. We were a in the carriage. The conversation -commenced about a guarantee which the defendant wanted to have, but which the plaintiff refused to give till he had the money. I said, "'Are we to understand you refuse to give back the money? He said, "No, no! I will pay the people at Leominster mvself." 2Mr. V.W. Holmes.-Iamthe election auditor. Onthel3th of February I received this papsrfrom the defendant, which is his appointment as agent to the plaintiff. The defendant also gave me an account of some charges which he bad paid himself. and he also gave me a Taper containing his own personal charges. On the 15th of lfay I received from the defendant's clerk the accouhts of the election expensesthey amounted to 5101 My charges were - added, which made 5321. I allowed those accounts. The amount was not remitted to me. I allowed the defendant's expenses of M3. KEtsu, for the defendant, addressed thejury, stating tnat when they came to look into the facts they would not think they bore the colour his friend had given them. There -had been a doubt whether the pasyment might not be an illegal matter, and the defendant tlerefore said he would go to L;eominster about it. If the def endant had intended to retainthe money he would not have gone to the plaintif's house, but he had gone to himn ana had gone in the carriaOo with two gentlemen, one of whom from his profession must be considered to be very acute,- and the defendant then told them he would go and settle the matter himself. Sharp practie had been resorted to against the defendant, and he bad therefore not resisted the tereptation to put certain pleas on the record, which might be considered a sort of return of the sharp practice. The accounts hsa been audited *on the 18th, and the writ was issued on the 22d. There hadbeennodemandafter theaccountshad been audited. But he would read a- letter which the plaintiff had written to the defendant before the election, w1hich he submitted would show that the 5o01. had been given to the defendant to pro- iure the election of the plaintiff. and therefore it came within the act of Parliament which ivas passed for the pro- -ventionofbriberyatelections. This wis the letter:-"I hereby authorize you to conduct the Leominster election for me on the understanding that all epenses incurred do not exceed 5001., for which I beg to enclose you my check.?' The defence to this action was, first, that a reasonable time had not elapsed after the accounts liad beert audited for the payment of the money before tho action was brought; -secondly, that the money was paid in order to induce the defendant to procure, or endeavour to procure, the election of tho plaintiff; and thirdly, that the money was paid in -respect of the election, and not through the election auditor aidon one of these grounds he submdtted he was entitled to their verdict. Mr. JAMES having replied, Mr. Justice WIGonrAN, in sunlosing up, said, the question was, whether he zefused to pay the money, because, I-unless he refused to pay, the action vouldnotlie. Ano'her C question would be, whether they balieved the money was '-given as auieredepository-thatitwas a sumhe wasto hold I as the mere agent for the plaintiff. - i The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff. It was arranged that the verdict should be :ror 3811. lOs.
1 OOURT OF EXCEQUER FITmAsY. TTTy 6.- - - LEG~DI~E&ND>OHERS . RO~ - ' (SUtings before ttl4 ,C ' BAnoN and aa ommon.Jury, I - a GL,ZdhA71.1 , Mfr. Overend, Q.J.,:and. Mr. -Garvey app-Ared for the laintiMffs- Mr. Vernon HIaourt ws ccansek for the defendant. - a e i The plaintiH are.glasi manufacturers, at Svres,.near Pars, and have a place of busineas inUpper Thame-0sstreet, mtnhe; city of London, and the defendant is £L dealerin lass,; ing on his trade in Tottenham-court-oad. A person naed mMayer,c-who is .a tiraveller, in- the emploGy of the plaintif, called at -the .defeidautls shop, and soiacited orders, 1eavng -at the same time-a list of priec hargcd -by-the plantifri for glass of all descriptions,. with a notice at. the bottom, -to the. effectk -thatthe plainti onld not-be answerable for brealages. XShortly afte*rsrds the traveller caled again upoi the defendant, taldng with him an oxydator chimney-glass as a sampre, mac sid that he was prepared to supply themina. 264. per po,- The lefendint'delinedtialdnganyat the price, and it waragreed at last thatif he took 750 ofthem they ahould. be charged one guinea -per gross net cash. The ordet ws given, the sample left, and the glsss was delivered on the following dayl in the sLme case that the glass arrived'from Parisu 7Two days after the deliveryKaver called again, and dbtane tae orderfor240globeglaaes they were delivered, ind onithe 1st of March appicat!in Nas znade for payment. The defenidant complained that about a dozen of the globes were starred,-and waitnted some deduction to be made from the account. The plaintiffl-said that the charges were so, Oxtreiieiv moderate that the defendant ought not to ask for a deduction. The defendant said that they were mot equal to the sample. The- amount claimed was 4&. ls. 4d., and the defendant pad. a354 into cocrt, leaving-a balance of ISeveral witneses were called for the plaintiff, and amon them was thetraveHler, who stted that if all the glAssesha been picked it would have been impossible for his employersato.supplytllern'at the prices charged. It was attemptedby,thecroea-examination of this witness to show that the glasses vere not saleable, and that it wa a ale by sample, and the bulk ought to be equal to the sample. The glasser were produced. in -court, and the defects pointed out to the jury, and, in order to explain -what being- 't.tarred" meaKnt, the gasseaere starred and smased with a very liberal hanL ' ' The defendtant comnlaiued tha t t'he giEsai were of al sizes. To this the plaintiff repliedthat it was iouosible to mnake them naU of one size. I The CHms BEAioN said that the case remindea him of 'a story a vecy celebrated advocate used to tell-that he lost'a great many vercicts he ought to have got, and got a great many verdicts. tisat he ought to have lost ; but upon 'the whole justice was done. I Mr. V. TlHLRCOTJRT said, that if the contract s to supply according to sample, itvwas quite clear that the iplaint,iffs had not complied with the terms of the contract - |that the defendant wass not Ibound to kceep the goods; - nd tht,9 afte notice to the plaintiffs that the goods would not he kept, the plaintiffs ought, to have fetched them awy. The defendant and other witnesses were called in-support ,of the defendant's case, I'The Car Baos, in smummg up, told the jury th t,he qulestion for themto decide as, *hether the goods lelivered were equal. to the sample, and tha the prie agreed urpon to be rid msde no difference if it The jury found; a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount jaiIuet SECON`D COURT. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, before Mar. Baron A[ATr and Common Turies.) JF-\NMGGS V. nADDEVEY. This was an action to recover 1,1681. for money lent, money due on an account stated, and for interest. The dei fendant'pleaded never indebted, and that the moneyclaimed by.the plaintiff was paid in respect,of a partnership concern i carried on between the plaintiff and the defendant. !Mr. Serijeant Shee and Mr. Thrupp were counsel for the lplaintiff.; Mr. O'Mlalley and Mr. 1,nsh represented the defendant. * The plaintifE; Mr. Richard Jennings, is a proctor at fDoctors-coammons, and the defendant, Mr. 19ontYord Baddeley, is a member of the bar, but not atpresent in practice It appeared that the defendant conducted a ooal and ironstone mine in Staffordshire, called he tIvy-house Coliery; but,-in 1852, having got into considerable pecuniarydiff sulties, he compoundedL with and obtained a letter of license from his creditors. Being in this position,and not being I able to carry on the mine, he proposed to the plainifl with whom he was aeusainted, to join him in the scheme, conceiving that it would prove a remunerative speculation on the introduction of a sufficient amount of capitaL inally articles of partnership v-ere drawn up between the partie by. wihich the plhinnifas to introduce 3,000D. into the concern, in consideration and as against the interest, plant, and machinery ;vhich tbe defendant had, in and upon the premnises. Whe 6th article of the deed -of partnierahip provided that the books of accounts should be under the control of the plaintiff, and the eighth article set forth that if either party should bring further capita into- the' undertaldng interest at the rate of S per cent should be allowed. Things went on, but as early as November, 1853, the mine was consideraboly in debt, al3 the capital w/hich had been brought in by tbe plaintiff as gone, and on the 1Gth of the same month one of the defendant's composition instalments, amounting t4 583!., fell ~dne to his creditors, and he, accOrding to the plaintiff's case, applied to the plaintiff for the amount, who; through kindness, made the advance to the defendautpersnally, and not on account of the partnership. Matters progressed, the mine continuingto be worked at a great loss, sonsuct so that the plaintiff in 1854wass25,)00l. out of pocket. On the lGth of 3iay in that year anothermnstalment amounting to 5S5t. became due from the defendant to his creditors, and he wagging applied to the plaintiff for assistance; but, being tuable to produce the money, he became security for the -amount, -which he was finally obliged to pay. The plaintiff's contention was, that these two sums, ZSX and 581-. res ectively, were advanced to the defendant for his person convenience, and not on account of the partnership transaction, or for the proposed extension of the works, which extension was never camried into effect. The substantial defence set up was that the sums claimed by the plaintiff were advancedto the defendant is.considea-a tion of the defendant consenting to extend the works of the |colliery, and that the plaintiff was to look exclusively to the colliery returns for repayment. The advance was made solely on this understanding. In the course of the proceedings, vhich occupied a considerable time, a voluminous correspondence was read, and a debit and credit account -betwseen the perties was produced, by which it appeared that ,the amounts claimed were entered in the partnership. .account. This, it was contended, provedthatthemoney was advanced on the understandin- that :t was to be debited against the mine, and-not against ihe defendant personally The learned JuDGE, having carefuly summed up the evidence, told the jury that the onus of proof was on the plaintiff, and that he would not be entitled torecover unless he bad satisfied them that the money claimed wat lent to the defendant for his own private purposes, and not on account of the partnership. - The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-for 1,1U ., tlhei amount-claimed.
COUTT OF BAiYKRUPTCY, anghs, JTuy 4 IN RE LYO-N SA!UFEL. (Before 21Jr. Comm Ak9merT EOLROYD. This was an application under the following circumstances:-The bankrupt, having bees in custody from August, 1855, becwme bankrupt in October, 1855. and applied. to Mr. Comn;issioner Evans for his dischlarge. That learned commissioner refused to make an order, except upon the' bankrupt giving satisfactory bail to the amOunt of 1,9O.; and which was subsequently reduced to 01. The bail not being given, the banlrupt has beenL several times before Mr.j Coimmissioner Evans and Mr. Commissioner Goulburn, with aview-to pass his examination or obtain his release. Ilis answers being unsatisfactory, orders of commitment have. been made, but which have not bcen enforced, the bankrupt being already in custody on tbe previoausprocess. Mr. SrunEGO, for the bankrupt, now app-ied for an order in his favour. Unable to get befl, and being also sub' jected to an order of commitment, not enforced, the bankrupt might be said to be virtually subjected to perpetual imprisonment. This arose from the peculiar jurisdiction of this Court. Learned judges had decided,-in a case reported in Vhc Times of yesterday, that a bankrupt miight be exanined in this court, and compelled to speak the truth and sign the examination papers. This being done, the lbukrupt was further subjected to an indictmelit for felony, aiid the evidence so obtained could be received against him on his trial. Mr. NFOPRTONe, for the assignees, said, the order of commitment had been made in consequence of the mianner i which the bankrupt had answered qaesiione relative to the alleged rsale of property of the value of 3,000., to one Petef Diamond. The bank!mpt .aoonted ler this amount of property by returning Diamond as X debtor for that wwrocM. The amigaw did noct br.=g &a *a tion agunat Diamiond (Wb'ad "Z" t~i INS&ZOCIOh credit6d-lw tba hwad WOWM% .:&A..- ,r. 2iThIuGD6a askd tha i the baWwampt -iibgkt U di.- n~igt :b ~iid. I ~a~pid IfjqM -* claiwy - of the: Sheriff o(Midd,ee~ bewi2i WXthl beiudody ader the waralzt of toomhidhie-thbehn f ,i£erw a2lyof *f ttbe jrudgesema aMs orps f,,* , f -i ~e~a any-wf.thdie re' from thoi*ll;lL .X _ e. }have il.ny beiexefil thti mighti ieslti to bin. X. bmpf; i -,thiyWtpoe of PeiD his iiwt"s -bcs At Xtaea th her to 'thed eop uoUM I be. Jw 1"ae w - ibe- - ctuatod:ron ,the 'waxraxt ef cnmmt3eZit,, but oa thbe-civil1 SproeeaE. ; - -ib. . , , . .. EII; .go?yoR dedifed to mioaeam esdsi,. ..r
POLICZ. ANSIO-ROS.-Edanund Bogart, a German, wag brought before the LORD MAYOR ad Sir RI W. CLRMTa,' inpety sesions, charged with having- sfolen a clock and , cigar-t be on the premises of Mr. Martin, of Bucelersbu, 3merchant. Mr. Hubert Lewi, clerk to Mr. Martin, siZd,-Yesterday, at little aftr 4 o'clock, I met the Drisoner on the landing-place of te house, the offices of ihieh are on the first floor. Hevwas leaving the private part of the house oe the second foor. I asked hie what business he bad there, and Ifollowed him into the Lreet as he made no reply. Ho then said that ike wmated to find a friend there. I told him that he must go with metto the oiunting-house, and -hewent into a doorway, and said to me, "Oh, Sir, I have stolen your dock." I took hi- bhck to the counting-bouse, and gave him in charge to a policeman, and he then laid doW3 the clock producedL The value of it is 24 10s. The cigartube, as well as the docl;, is the pro,erty of Mr. Martin. j EvaS (4521.-The orioni er w given into my chage by Mr. Lewis, and as riwent +along I was told he had thrown. something down the ar of as honse. I went to the place, ndfolund the cigar-tube produced. I found in the pouee.& don of the prisoner the clock key produced. The Jrisoner-What ha been said is perfectly correct lam gilty, Committed for four months to hara labour in Hclloway House of Correction. GeoDge Wilson was charged withhaving stolen a gold i=gin the shop of Messrs. Dyer and Xeppeii, jewellers, of Grncechurch-street. F. Bassett, asistat to the progecutors, said,-last nights the prfsoner came into the slop at a quarter past 8 oclock, and.sscedtolook at- a wediEng-ing at 5s. & Iaad seers hinm bE fore, Ithink, on the 23d of February, on which occasion Imisseda ring. I howBd him a, ingi and he id it Was nat lrge enougb, andI then took another out of the tray to show bim, and putitint6 the scale. I thensaw him secretly tAke aother ring- and put it in - the paln of his hand, and I aid to 3imn "IYouhave takenaring." He delied that he had taken any ring, and I repeated the accusation. He then thlew the ring beck into the tray, and I said that I would give im into custody. He then scid heo would breik my nose, and r.n away, and I- followed him to Bischin-lane. He safw a poloeman, and sxic poti to a person Who Wa passiDng There goes the man," and saitd, poinieng to the prisoner, "That is themn. " Polloeman (442).-I heardt the cry of "Stop thief" it Birchin-lane, and the prisoner-an past me, cr-'Sig "Stop thief," and said to, me " That is the man," pomting to a stranger. The lAvt witne then came up, and asaid the prisoner lad sto-len a The pHisoner went onto Brrcdstreek and Itook him and searched himn, but foun.not a halfpennyabont him. Heis,veafalse address. .ThePrisoner.-I ciumot deny that I vest into the shop; but I never had an idea aEstf la nythiz whatever. The fact is, Ilwentinto the plUoeVto k aetang forafriend, and I told this boy that it wonuld be paid for on Saturday, whenlhe turnedround apon me aa said,I had sten Izig. Iad coidea of striking him, becasp he is mere boy, but I oertanly would hare given him a good licking if he had been a man like myslf. SRint4nced to imprisonment for tihre3months As a ogue and vagabond. Several boys who hadbeen frequently pus.edi for picking pockets were conTicted or stealing handkerchiefs, aun sentenced to imprisonment and, hard labour for different periods.- GUnDHAIL-WiliamAlexander Tawwas summonel before Sir sI. W. CAnDmN for using a room in the Sun and Lasti pthichouse, in Newgate1ma-rket, for tht purposes of betting with persons resoriing thereto. TDis -defendantl wasoriginally summoned unierthe -name of Porter, but when ii; came on for hearing -3r.Huddleatonsobjectedon account of the name being in0orrect, and the surmmoas wag ordered; to stand over. Since then, through- the activity and intelligence of inspector Hamilton, his right name And address have been sacertained, and the.neessary stes toake. to insure his attendance. Mr. C.arles Pearson, the City Solicitor, attended to Dro'seeute on behalf of the corpomation. The defendant, onL being caled upon to plead, said he should plead guilty to the cbhrge, and handed in the follow. jagwritten appeal in mnitigation of the penalty:- I beg to sdihdt the following obseS7ations to yowr worship, which, I hope, will be considered in the light of an extenunaing circumttance --That I was not a regular frequenter of the room at the Sun and Last, never having made-a bet in tho house prior to the 26th oX MXa. and discontinuid betting entirely on the 11th of Ju<ne. D\uring that tine I was only occasionally and many days not in the house at al., lf your worshi vd-ill ask the officers, I have no doubt thty will worroborsie my alatement, and trust your worship wll see-a d8istinction between one wsho regularly and systematically usqes arzoomfor thepurzpose o:r betting and one who casually does so." In answer to Sir I. W. CiumDEN he stated that he hia .been 3 publican, but was out of business. He tried betting *asa TS;culstion, but he did not find it so profitable aNt he '-anticipated. I Edward Briscll, 16S, saidhe saw ike defendant in the :room on the 27th of May, but he was not thereon the 2lth-29th, 3Dth, and 31st. On some occa-sions sueeqiient]y he -was in; the room by himself, and sometimes tere irere others there. 'Sir It. W. CARDME said this was not a very bad case, but defendant knew he was transgressing the law. The defendant said he hrew he was, but he had disoontinued the practioe, and would not attempt it again. Sir It, W. CARD]n said ho did not want to oppress him, but the practice was so demoializing inits nature that the niagistrates, both inth citst and atthe West-end, -were determined to put it down. It was a species of small gembling that encouraged youths to practise it, and- led to the robbery of employers. He did mot think the defendant would be likely to open a aplce of the sort again, and he did not want- to.-puish. --im so much as to gives *arning to others. under all the circumstances, as t he cas was not an aggravated one, he shou3d fine him only 3?. and costs, whicb was muds easier than he had let others off. Hewishedittobe understood that the act'of Parliament gave him the power of inflicting an imprisonment of six mouths, with or without hard laour, and not leaving the defendant the option of piying a fine; and, if the ip-actice were persisted in, he might feel it to be uis duty to avail hinmself of the powers vested in him and send the offenders to prison. - The fine. was paid, and the defendant left the court congratulating himself on gettiDng offso easily. Bow-STRMr.-William Stamp, decribedas the secretary of the London Exchange Advance rulnd and Ufa Association, was sumnaoned before Mr. JARDsxNE to answer a chary of perjary. Mr. YindaL AtkinFon appeared for the pros6aetion, and Mr. W. Cooper .or the defeneant. Thelirowecutiohwasinstitu-tedby hr. Beger Dawson, a -solicito:r, of 5, Upper Charles-street, Westminster, w3o stabe that, being pressed for money in April last,'he applied to the society with which defendlant was oonnected for a l6an, of 110Z- The business cf the office was casried on at 2, :Adelphi.terrace, and the "managers" appeared to be t-wo brothers named Hutchinson. Theb were prese-t,Ad it was agreed that -witness should give them a bill of sale oport the funiiture of his houtse at latinDs WItneq tjest this at first, but on being assured that it was a mattir of form, intended a mueh fox his own security as for their-,
BEGGI&G LETTERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-I perceive that a practice to which I drew public attention some years ago, through the medium of your columns, and which I believed to have been discontinued, is being again revived. I allude to the practice of begginletters, enclosing a forged certificate purporting to be signed by a justice of the pence in some Irish seaport town. The *story told is generally pretty much the same-viz., that petiticner, a native of England, on her way to join her husband, belonging to some regiment quartered in the West Indies, has been wrecked on the coast of Ireland. A gentleman banded me one of these letters a few days ago, with -my name forged to it as a magistrate. Having forwarded theletter to Ireland, I succeeded in having the petitioner arrested just as she was handed a letter from the Earl of Aberdeen, containing a Post-offlce order for 21., in reply to one of these forged documents. I shall feel oblged by your inserting this letter, as I zaw desirous of putting charitably disposed persons on their guard against this mode of imposture. On calling some years ago at the Mendicity Society's office, Red Lion-square, I was shown a large pile of these forged documents. It maybe ell to observe that no such certificates are ever given by the Irish magisrates. Your obedient servant. JOHN WYNNE. l , Eccleston-terrace, South, duly 3. C$LSTAL PALACE.-CONCERT-DAY, Friday, Jully 4.-Admissions on vayment, 2,S33; ditto by sqason. sickeA, 3,01 S total viSftors, 5,34.
t SHIP BEWS. OU1ARAIINET XOTR-E Lrsaoa, June 23.-Clean bills of health are refused here to-day, the existenec of some cases of cholera having been announced. -IVERPOOL, JuLy 3. Safled.-The Exchange, for Portland-the Pansevit, fior Stettinthe Swordfish, for Buenos Ayres-the Admiral Boxer, for Quebecthe Serapuina, for Pernambuco. JIULY 4. wind, N.W. Arrived.-The Chicago, from St. John's, New Brunswick-the St Patrick steamer, from Mlalta-the Sea Nymph steamet, from Gibraltar -the Giaour, from Antwerp-tbe Imperatriz steamer and the Andes steamer, from Portsmouth-tbe Elepnor Thompson, from Porte Ricothe SagatfrMa, from eambutg-the Aquil, do OnBlirom Cornueion-the AdmlalBriar adalbert, from Philadelphia-the Ansa, from M aewo Orleans-the Elt, from Arklow, with ewcked goods, ox rtacer. Off the Port.-Tate (anthea, tho Elliot, the Akbr, the Capricorn andthe Belle. FSaoed.-The Vocalist, for Sydney, NewISoutho Wales-the W. f . Rogers, for New York-the Alps ste3mer, for iavre-the AReine de, Anges, or marieglles-the Chisno, for Baltimore-the Conquest, for 'alhJaothe Siro bCampbell, for Medes-the Mdas. for MatacongtheoJ. A. W osternett end the Cooawattee, ford ew York-the lePtne, for n iantes-the sNante, for Cadir. Losnorc, July 4-Wind at noon, NA..; light wind Jod. iney Fm lousb July 2.-Rarived, the Irsa, from Galath for Stavanger. Sailed, the Ebing, for Ha3mburg. July 3-Wind, EB-Arrsved, the Johane a irom Rigs-the Wanderer and the Emma rH ederit, from Galatz; ihoeTrouht from Airyalst thehMaria,from.iodoJaneiro- and the Jautina, from lbrail, all for ordersthe Prussian ships&oi war ThetiswandsAmaone,ound to the westar. Sailed, the Carl, for Loud erthe Progress, for Spithead-the Triumph, for Londenderry. rsor July4o.-Wind, N.E., lighth-Aived, tho JohndWesley, from iabors-tho Release, from Mlarsals-the Frithioff, from Gotten. burg-the M ariner, from Arklow-the Flar iep and the Berylf from Aberavon-tho Brothero, from Bangor-the Phcenix, from Swansea. Sailed.-The Sydney and the June, for Boner--the Camilla, for Waterford-the Calypso, for Dublin-the Henrietta Brewver, for CardZ Os--Psncosrrs, July 4-Arrived, the Severn, from Portland-hay, New South Wales. Cnr.srsmL'csAn-, June25.- The Christine )farie, from RElmer for Bull, put into Lillesund on the 225 oc June, very leaky, and will dircharge. ORAVFSEND, JLy 3a: t u rUBnRmnE AND BRtITSH TmGEwLl MGrom Lloyd's.l Sailed-The Kielmansegge steamer, for Harborg. Jury £ 9 30 a.m.-Wmd, calm; tide, firt hour's flood; flue. Arrived.-The Esperance, from Tonaberg-tho Countess of Lourdale steamer, from Hamburg-the Panther steamer, from BoaIlogno. Sailed.-The Biesboc^, for Batavia-the Tyerty Mir, for Swan River. l pm.-Wind, calm; tide, last hour's flood; weather, cloudy. Arrivea-The City of London steamer, from Dunkirk. S p.m.-Wind, calm; tide, near high water; weather, cloudy. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Lady Buto, for Jamaica. 780 pm.-Wind, calm; tide, three-quarters ebb; weather, fine. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Fleche steamer, for Ghent. 3DEAlh JuLy 4. (B? SUEXanrE AND BRTrSi TXoGAR"Mj (From Lloyd's.) 2 am.-wind, N.E. * light. The Plymouth Root Captain Hrammond, from London, for New 'York, did not strike on the bauln off hee on the 30th vlt., as stated ia " floyd's List' of the 2d inst., and reported by come persons not connected with the oflice. Passed, July 3.-The Sultana, from London for Sydney-the bark Portia, from Shields for Malta. Parsed back of the Goodwin Sands. July 3.-The steamer Hammonia, from Hamburg for the Westward. Passed.-TheL,ord Stanley, from Callaw for London, toleewardthe Cambodia, from London for Calcutta-the Sea Park, from London for Madras. Noon.-Wnmd, N.E.; light. Passed.-The steamer England, from the Westward for London; signalled off the Land's-end yesterday the Svero, 95 days from Port, land-bay. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, S.W.; light. Arrived and Paseed,-The Ann and Jane, for Copenhagen. VExssS SpOXE-.r Wmrs. Her MajesWs steamer Himalaya, boundSouth, Jure29, eight miles south of tee Burlings. The Arabian steamer, boand SA8 . July 1, in lat. 45 N. long. S W. I The S8eaz Serpent, from Mareim for Falmoulth, June I, in lat. 18 N., The Pilot Fish, from Liverpool for Rio Janeir, May 21, in lat. 7 N., lang. 25W. The Juvenile, from St. John's, New Brunswick, for Gibraltar, June 17, in lat. 43 N., long. 47W. The Woodistoet from Waterford for Quebec, June 17, inlat. 47 N., lone. 38 W. The Eliza, from Cardiff for Galatz June 21, off Carthagena. HIGGH WATER AT LONDON'-BRIDGE. This Day. To-morrow. MIornng., 46 mia. after 33 HIomning.. .. 26 mssi. after 4 Afternoon .. 6 min. after 4 Afternoon .. 43 rain. after I
GOSSLING v. CASWELL. TO THE SDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Observing a report of this cnEse in your columns of wednesday last, I feel it necessary to state that I am In no wvay connected with the defendant. I beg your insertion of these few flaes, and you will greatly oblige Yonr most obhedient servant. WILLIAM CASWELTh OldUCorn-Exchange, MIark-lane, July 4. APOxIG C4UES'-HALL.--Tbe following are the name3 of gentlemen who passed their examination in the scdence and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, July 3:-Richard Nicholson Lipscomb, St. Alban's; Samuel James.:Burrows, Witberidge;John Archer Tucker, Lannarth, Cornwall, ; rancis Gloere,. Stalbam, Norfolic; Henry }Evans, Blacna.nt, Csrdigensbire.
SALES BY AUCTION. OffieFeniturae. jR. BAIN will SELL by AtrOTION, on the Pre- IUMxses,7,Oolernan-aereet, on Monday. July 7,atl.all the OFFICE FURBITUR:, of iMes r. Toppin and CI, comprising desks, tables, safe. & Maybe viewed moingofe ale. Pianofortez, by Broadwood, Collard. Stoda3t. AUison, Rolfe, WYonum. Harps, by Brard,Harmonilum. MESSRS. KELLY and Co. Mill SELL by AUC- TION, at 21, Old Bond-street, Piccalilly on Wednesday, July 9, at I for2, upwards of 40 new and. second-hand PIAXOORTJE, including a 6-O octave piccolo, by Broadwood. May be viewed the day prior and morniDg o sale. Catalogues hatd at the rooms ; or of the auctioneers, 7. High-street, Kensington. Brentford-butts. M R. GOATLY is instructed. by the Executor to MSELL by AUCTION on the Premises on Taesday and Wednesday, Jnly8 and 9, ati S, all the JURNITUR.EndEFFECTSof theolat J.kill, Esq..couisttu of handsome four-post andotherbedBteads. beds, bedding, double and single chesta of drawerw vardrobes,tables, chimney and swing glasses fine-toned pianoforte. 6&Octavese carpets, rugs, chairs an or.y, magic lantern and a paratus. zsicrosoope and fittings, patent instattaneous light, iron chest, fold'ing dooss and drawers, fast pony, D'haeton, and hinmess, wine, plate, plated goods, books, bookcases, &e. Vy be viewed the day before and morning of sale. Catalogues to be bad at the White Horse Inn, New Brentfonl ; at the premises, and of the auctioneer, Twickenham. Mlodern Household Furniture, 63 Cottage Pianoforte, and Effects, removed from Parson's-green. m R. E. TH0O1VNAS will SELLI by AUCTION, at 6_ HO& Gnoaller 35, Leicester-square, on iMonday evening, July 7, at 6 OJEHOI FUNITURE, comprieing Parisian an-Arabian bedsteads, iron ditto, mattresses, 6edsand hedding, marble-top wash. stands. chestsof drawer3, wardrobes. damask curtains, large chimney and pier glasses, handsomae pattern Brussels carpets, ro'ewood chairs couches, sod easy chairs, rosewocod chedffssier plate-glass back and marbule-top, leo, card, and occasional rables,snahogassvchairs in leather and haircioth, sets ot dining tsables, sideboards, tibea$' tab ea.bDokease, china disnser, dessert, and tea cervices, plated wore, and kitchen requiouts. On1 view day of sele, and catalogunes had at thenros. No. D. Glocester-terrace, late Glocester-streot, Campden-hilL Kens'g- ton, opposite Campden-house.-CapitalFxnitsue, Pianoiorte, Wi'ne, MtIrESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. will SELL by LU. AUCTION. on Tuesday, July 8, at :12 for 1, thu superior and modemn FURiNITURE of the above residence, comprising a drawing room uilto in rosewooG chairse tables, coudces, cheion'er with p'ategla3sback, carpets, curtains, noblecarved and gilt frame chimneyglasses; the dining room of Spanish mahogany chairs covered in leather, morning room; the bed rooms coiaprise Arabian and other beds£teads, bed ding, marble-to4g washal ano an ad t ables, ch eval and toilet glasses.drawlers, fic.; casteete,bronne,a andornamental items, engravinas, a capital service of eleciro-plated articles, hash dishes, tie dresar offi cr s,j tand athe issenaiki;tch<en rtetquisites. Onvi7ew Mionday and momt g ofsa le. Catalogues on the premises; and of the aUCtioneers, 44, Westhourne-grove, and 35. Newf Church-street Edewre road. NRB. The Elouse to be Let or Sold, at a smlla ground rent. The rare and genuine Collection of "Mou-Lnds," upwards o£ 40 in number, which,i from their excellentprme rvsation, truthfulness to na ture, and purity of design. may fairly beo deemed almostunrivalled in Europe; the property of the late Jesie Curling, l:sq., of Ber. mondsey. .hhas boon bonoured with ra i r th exectes of th late Jesse Curling Esqg, of Bermoudsey, to SELL by AUCTION, at Rhe Rooms, 21, Old Vondatreet,on Flday,JuIy 11 at l,this weLilmown and execedingly auablo COLLECTIO.N of PICTURES, by that celebrated and WrelE tlislh artist, George Mlorland, executed at a period when his best efforts so justly obtained for him a vorld-wide fame; among which wiU be found wpecimens of every variety of subject, treated in his own ecelir-V characteristie and masterly manner, incuding the Horse Allotments, Ttcalrs tbe Had Bagaoin, the Gipstea, Innocneef poartoel, haapnt forboting thp wuseo e s.tberer. theILnd Stom, the Propoal. Sea Coast by Aoon ght, a series of hunting subjects and otherd equaly merit2rious, already known to the public from their popnuhr engraringsp. Ma be viewed on Tuesday, the 5th, by tickets only, and publiel on the two followonr days, and catalogues obtained at the rooms, and at the offaces of Mr. Qualleit, auctioneer, 0l, New Bond-street, opposIte the Clarendon. liusse.-naluable Freehold Estate, with Brick Yard and commdon Alotmeents, Crawley Dowan, in Worth, near East Grinstead, the chief part welt adapted for building purpo3ses DM R. J. CarTLERp begs to wnnournce he is instructed andby tbe propvictor to suamit to AUCaION, at toeMart, Eondon, honw WednesdayeJuyi2n at Minchoa,ethat vexiny b eliileo byEEHOLD PoPgERtthtY, lentw an BotwepriPlace, wiht farm-house, the requii buildings, and li6a, Is. Ip. of good aWk ble, mReadowR, aud wood lyund, toget3erwoth thebles yard and Suitable eretonustsereoig most ad TantageuEly aud pleasantly situate, the greati nction on a1 eleratton, commanding estensive vier andiin a very improving aud healthy lecality, near th*e church and the turnpike rea, w. othdinan esewdisiance of. arailway sttN, intersecteod by adigoo leacksngpublic rad theyroug abeutkhecentre, sudham allperteb,y the Elat Gristea alwy crandct presumed to be nontemplatconto cemove a statinsiontheabove rail- severasl nearxs numebrouspr Houeant d es otate.su awlith nhe MorCi- of Down, compriasfa. Or. ip, floan-dI weotrthy the autotestionorfbuldrse and small capitalists. The farm and bi,ck yadiSslet to Mrr. B. CharnUer who wi give possesion at hH chaelmar next, To be viewed by apPly0aysofth t to thesae,oat LaerDso ttel, e ld andfReirgatoe Greyhound Inn, Croydon; of Messr. ilHReyandS SandauAtLiO ENneerB thave Auton Tusart, Jlondo, n; ofHCaneelo, t .eq. a socitspo 21. PalOMen-MN treet. Wfestminster; and of te . J. Cutler, alnd and tinber strveyor, hae. Ceawvley. N. B. 601.000S good building bricks for sale at the yard. rersireence he Midenme Estathe, wiuthyal or, bg a mtoest compacty Freeh'old a em r on3fnm tf a ansion amndparl,Ej earljr, mu th ac,t several Farms numerodous Houses nd Cotteges, with the M anur of oedgham, ieuata onthe, lund erford beautiofull te deatWesteulRatlway 3IleSS . sl mb drEYS and WaLLEN boave the reobived iatroacboin to SE;Lti by AUCTioas, atd the Mart, on Tuesday, July 29.? in one lot, the above1 important DOAIN, which forms 0n0 of tWhe rostl complete and insiting estates for residence and investaielt in the county, lying at oi does entirely wiit?Un a riDg fence, the fnsauin and parl: nearl in the centre, the former acommnedious residence, adapted far a noblp auo ' or gentlemn'sn establishment, and the latter beastifully undulating, and vared hostately Otimber pandrtaich plntbtione,rend by atheelat cfhatr,o theriesezgaprpdtohes iDforgdihreclur by gofe t onds leadingethrough theifanm and fT.eda annertainng to the property; the aspect of the mansion and general inctlnation of the estate teing towards tbe south, anetivoods Waslag aduschoClere,with tyhoteE psbuet and W iltshi3r Bowfne inthe distance: the farms comprising some of therichest land intbe oluseswdcottagespgDasta king,iuehir' degrpe, off the l ast cb:.raoteristfca, and ther-e zestee the lurther attractions of excellent trout fishing and tirst-rate shooting on the estaite, and of unsuoasod hsmting arrangements inthe aseigbomrhood. The whlile of the abere ts freehold, except l3& acre-s held of the Dea an d Chapter of Westminster, and the maneannn rectoial tithewill be incl ndednthaofehepurchso. The masy remaidn on mortgage if desired, Particulrix and plans may be had in due time of Mscs, Tatham, Upton, Upton, and. Jobseon. soihritre J.urtinfriars; and of M{eau. Hfunlshreys and Walton, 68, Old B:road-stret, city. 3PFSSRS. WIlNSTAN~LEY are instrtucted to SELL. .by AUCTIOI4, at the Mart, on -Wedi oaes'ay uy 9. tl!e ?R&F&1 HIOLD DWRLLIQTC;ROUSR and PREMIE,Ia 9] h e side of the Old Jewry. In the city of Lcsro,usd a uscoo n dining rooms, alnd let tD Mr. Lidingtou n ,ilrayal rc~sie theexitionof a Iong.emaaeullid at the iniesn esre rb' T05.. £epsraum, but Which is a very inaeut as mtepe MIRes. ticrlmRnY be had of Mdesa.Safod e,mn es Solicitors, 334 Buckingham.street, St'"d.W~B.L Bln e.socitor Tudor-street, Blekfniar, - at the ~Ic;adof Msr.Wn Stanley, 19. Paternoster-row. SOme1rsethire.-Vsluable MreeholdEretat,na to Brd"wter. 1rESSRS. WI1NSTANLEY havit recreived directions M1~ from thre Deiae Of the late Jobn Lindon, 35K. to SELL by AUCTION, .at the M-art, on Wednesday.,TJuly9, thefolowing desirble FSTATPE situate three miles frem Bridgwater, at Xoorlad int the parishes of Worth Petherton and Weetonw7ilind, contabiing about 172 acrsoB f land, priocipallyriohipetur and =aow, bDundedby theriver Parrtt, with A substantial farma-house, prelises, and suitable agrcultuLral buildings; toget-her with about 53 acres f flatrate Pctre.Lnd ioRloog'sSadgmoor. a. hort distane from thB former,intirh parish 0 Worth e2therton. The lndiissiglilyfarmed by the tenat M.Richard Llndon Colhlugs. The lands in North Pethesi onwillbe sold freefrom rectorial tithes. Printed paticularsma be obtained at the Clarece Hotel llrlgwater; Cate T tn uleor.-, North Potberton*, of Mfr. Coleg the tenantat threhoue; of h?eeccs.Pschrd and eon. slitr,Taunton ; of G. IL itrnold,. Req., soUicitor, Gravesend, KCent of esss. halin Hiliad,andCe. 3 Grayl-lnn-squsme london; of Mens instanley, Platernoster row; and at ithe placs of sal. Th auble Contents of Lime-grove. Pnutney, the property of the late ESR. Sir John andLady Si Aelbyn. ESuT .WINSTAXLEY haLve received directions ..LYJ from the Executors to SELL by AUCTIO'N, on the Prermise, at the end of this month, and early pert -of next, theB role of the HOUSEHfOLD) SURIITURE, and ornsamental Efferts of this spacousMAlnolon, theilnen, I20 dozen of chuote wines, serrioe of plate, about 30ODO ounces pl-ted articles, iewels, and trinkets, nInclding P. magnificent and cootly diamond necklaoe, Irith stans and ear-rings antique and othLer rings. choice snuff-boxes, 3macblelbuste,isollectiou of bronzes, minerals, shells, annt EtrusanL VWare ictures by'cin an modern nmasters. ineluddng Totsso, I&%dod IWaterlon, Braniwer, Ferg. Vanderrelds, Opie, Corbold,Ibbeutaon. avnd otherst an extairsive library of general and miscellaneous literater including Caxton's cronycle of Ecglonde, 1413; Duodale's bftnaetlcon ?icum Gongh`a Sepulchral Monnmentse; Agiucourt'sJHlstofre delI Artes par lea sonumens : Camden!e Briteannia, by Gougii - Nies et CXuvre des Feintres les plus CW'libres; a doe set of tho Chronicles, in 20 vol& ; PFleura's Histoio EccieslastiQue; Ar-chreologta; Wilkinson's L.ondiil Illuatrata; Halclo,yt's Voyages; Yarxelie British Bird& and Blshese Annaleader .tur.C,ar, &c.;an extensive collection of engravings, sele;ited fisor illustratneaoet ihonary of pa inters copiingon-cproof pec!. mono, byGtheOearl masteS,x Geiermnwodesntereavir, pnArgel-sitsafte Breveprtetet,o.phospil, nea au-fticael,ad oqratorlal Inata rouents rncroscop5es,eand tedlestops an nrespousbl miscellanleossproprty7. Thedas. ofa soe ewil e Paortmlyarsnou aey botae b es are in W2repra-w toidon,an may boemhadn-sdue ti; at Therrawsidencle;tand tof eeeres ofntaney,33 PAtehrnhoster-row. rds-t BVaopuatle-Poiceeto withaout,in the cawitofLdn.EgieIve- 1 R. BOYES is dinsrected tobEL th y AsnesofIO ,ark JJGarraway's, on Monday, July ,at12, a POLC. af BEEUR,ASHO sid thDwELLifG-HOUtE, o -0,,with Si bosenuesi ofhe9 rgear, in Angstalloy relnt of £15 amyeasr. n et taespioecftalie ineoadnleaehoro gfar Mium. fa b viewe. PBArtclasma e a 'fG-llSErLLob soiior. on,FCodeyan-strect; at GartemLa~SE and at deirbe acomner' ValUable woithe dofsura4ntein thep LadvrLife.ocu,sRya ExthatNoe, and-erae L Metpolropoian Coutiesi OThiehos. otisfv good boye d chme spaci oudrtnbavngrupts, torloLL ItbyeUCIn , at. thetLaw LiseaCsmaufgrr£e,00andwithrbonubuot facaoey,1; a Polic fora £2,000tinthe roc Oarpee,. pagen:o oiyfortem£uf700ro any theroyrad e, chane Oremie, wge 39:fo and Polxicyd form£1of0binthe0 Metrpoatan CountiesadrGeno'4peral LifeOffic,o agewalso39. particula s may Leha Morgaews~to-ectre;of,N.7 WasueJohson Re-q., 57, Canc f-esry-lne of S. Bakeriade Req., 1207 Wpper-streetjatgararys;ada teac tHousehols ofices,r1, Abhrer-aans. torinTard-teet. Cbntmkr Isliagton.-llft ofe ahthepror l hooghcre 1/ESSRS. D. S. BAKER adSNwill SELL by JJ.AUCTION. at theirlarosg Sale Room. l157, Upprstreet, Islingion. on Friday, Jualy Ii., at 12, the LEASE ofU1. an dFesirbl corne HOUsing wiutho bdoube-fotds shop, fathrbdvanateouslystentNo ;;b, ghezoodrbdcambers, wbspacios. dawng ohroobm. eroart,itchens, do.; i theeais sallgaden ad abrck-uitmactoray, siable for cabintmakr, cYaretVaer,panofotyanufate,ocTher, rdanyJuothertrae The peistes arehed oro nueprd emo bu 2,er,a reseved entof £4 pr anum. o b ieed,and atculnars thad o Mout Dewi, olicitaor,no.Ade, ce Vin ion-qlare Radndof it Gesrs.denS 1andSla Sn toete S.bou aKEIr. 6.o d and SO ail sEL bylur F Ae CTION,e aikt erl, tatge Seale Rhloom 1, Upperwstbiroeem, sogton,ao Fri n egouh n hrday, July 1,a 2,teFUNTIOad a8EtS2 compriingth aftes Gonotrbcdstead,goefeteyes.atess,w oe cHEssf draers aShmpltand, andoherishamc er artcles, maheolan chair, sofashtoful dinuteing tablesn, moseund.d ithbogubenye and lu nhfonier res, eany chi,occasdionalan oxthersv taerftem, Bruselcrpvets chimney gloss adjavenp ounrt,enclse camrsnterbury,pedstal r 1p sidebard,. OcavLot2Althagepanoforte, skeleton clck, fihalinguerLod ,rand plotei- artiles,ionoffc desk pice Ol1aintings, dobe pareseltdfwnpeedy goewteman, cabinetmakr'bnes, tooluenst tools, cr. Tobveedte. a prCatlgedin an nof F. . lek, Esqen socataogues mhaylobeohad -atton Tie, Srnonth. Saut Desvdnc-Maind Lailla icr VaERRALLMr atth WisOtS Hart Inn, at VeslesRyloe, on Tuesdy,dJlyy,Jat3i 17, sat2ron fr3in the Ioaftron OTiH F compries anmos dneritble ofan Reideallces, .Ldetlgntfuly situate, cloeasnte age orfDwelipghue, calld Spthingfiv gheardenVila stadin deaheidoinoaglawn,ooandrcom omanigaTngexen sive teebe se riwn owom,atccupiedlaby Cpaind watger-oetongether house acmpiseshogood dining, barnd drawir ngdoos fveo bded froms and sum., yards,iokevn-hose,aparmnts otherrequinita otc-bitadinstable barnso roomndein doublge,cahhce with lefb,patry oarey. Appl to Meebe. rozmsr Souitha veevora-Sh ardn,Adet:a rchmeadowVillaRsidrenfiel,owithardnin abud Lawn,rtogether about fie. (now sop.it ofand), andtalsona Pasotur foeud acaled kt-il sitdar uate nielar l, conaidn ithin onoe amilTeo il onttheafternon preisely. w U t o epi,an h Un i iE a Fexe imnt tatndo Inhetivtance hof inthe ofoPiisLaowin vbery daesral Prop h erty icko R.allmythatwelbiot Marine Vila sidnce clle Fot-hll intheoccpaiono Gergkenneleinthea. Thein andadjacn copuntryn, Esandblpishmn-' about 3o. hor. pof land. LoS2A haRS. FULERid calld HOc RStEh,lin narot jandicontanig both M rescrce andF- anbld hsN sat instrowin btheoAcupatin ofs Gethto0ge15enntGfth0rq. and ineamirabley adPApted forAbuTIding.ste the Mabt,ove proertdnesdisant on Jly onexmilefom ans faouritabe waterin plceo revigumde by seivten ie fotromi Touruyn losix frmtheexnsv marettowU o !Newo ESAbbot, aMNdTpeana raoe opORtunit tof any 0J.lar,tgtherpatlr a bihtewoe obandfro thesss vaoberfe ln and C. oii Cletion ofth 104 Tancent Oa parionciof presne byl hvn a genteman leavng rlnd,to he oya Aslumof he t.lxn' Shocey wirthe powe insel inaid0f te fndsof he lia Ity. om - ctyi M R. TOWNS~1) i intructed b the Commtteet~b incas of ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rLo hewrk r Gr oCuls oller Bawcreekyfe r V.e f ra get BeuoT Jofrdarnls henf Ctalpuogues of sb,pbuileekinRe, cosolicfitorn, Chalote-row, Mansin.er hn ouse;atrte Martuaor of t-he autoneer. upwards of.se, Gtenw fsich. Rip, uaex-Vll Rsiene ndLad.ByMr VRRLL atnth an plas ntlestalte, lset theig villag Cof Inipe, and withi Mfiv minutes walk of the church,WesUnnn pai-lwar Communicatin withe thegaredein by a usrenchdwindwo glsseedor a drwinhi roomr haing an dno ctfu. prospec ofthe a neigborngm theti- rexcellen Hkathen and scralry thn breen,ti edros.ati, collanc, and water-loet, togHasethe wthe yArdo, ciknhueadotherOc teGle rleeuisite ou-bidiangs; and alson ah Vctonvnin cottaguel, wtho Gicen,a patry, damniry. thrleevbedrooms, wt witasal gahrde ajinn a aso bo at forwter gosrdesof, - and apoutv frit enMvgessable gacrde:y ric mEadow or palro field cotaining auin.c2. and ambltes afioreld bnyow wxisthiOts) conainiemngs about fodur crs Tnd aol exectaeda dtle,ontaininge a'eon oneualcre.x The td icuigas, an sao upalls ofn2 goldi repirh, andth inr uabout thre mles fezromptheuferwice prainci-aylStationeonsthe Sonuo,thCostoi Railway.oA packmofefoihoundpiskuneced in the yad-ex jonigparchoingOtusTeenguser.Lot 2 Adeundartbment fived (nowtgown wnithodeble cortaiong aou tSe. 1ria, caluledPatts lso situates at Ripe, tnea the village.Thero abovegesare tpheusIdiaRofas the maorofLughten fin ae letmnu tofM- tahes (theo waidoway n h oto of the laersetd recorno wrip. ate presnt ofm40pierannum.th Forwfurthier asti r We pply tor Losrs J.0Dandre. plks,sliiosower;cn eJrdu . a=ulby. Tvnsheq. Siciafrdi nds ofrte autoneer.ol Lowr,ino h r r'V n aebe Te eceat Sipuidintge L etatiabliahusent and irnl3 Workmnejor. C. J. Mare, ate andkpat~JJTESBS. F LLER ad HOBEY, incoriencti-on portion nevr within three years; a spacious boilernmakers shop, fitted with forges, furnaces, shearing, punching, and drilling machinet steam riveting machine,travellingcranes, Lo.; an anlle iron shop, with massive shaping plates, furnm " * acapacions mould loft; a saw mill. Jitted with timber and dQsarwing frames, planitng, moulfding, and mortising machnes. vorlkedby a 60-horse Pav-r steam engine. In theship-ycrd are 12hsps for building vessels ofthlelargest tonnage, steam kilns, saw Dits, mast-house, boat-building and block-making shops, joinere' amuca teres she6 riggisglofts, stores of various desacptions, offioc,%au2Otherbuldings. TussitUatiDnOf theseworks affordasthe greatest facility for the transit of goods by lend or water carnage, as there isa siding on to tha North Wooliuchtarilway and everal wharves next the water-side, with powerful crmnes one of them Dcn) a steam crane equal to 25 tons. Thoproximity of tie ESaS India and Vlctor Dclks i slso of great advantage. Tns baverage cost of coals during theyears 154 and 1i8S barely exceed l7. per to, while the nmnerous termini of railways in the metropolis, from which a large quantity of worn rails are annually obtainable, together with the vnst aecumulation of waste iron frsm the different raanufacturing establishments iu London, ensure a constant aud sufficieut supply of scrap iron for the puroses of the mills. and forge on the best possible terms. The construction of these works, the whole ift which has been effected within the leat 14 years, has involved an outlay approaching £250.ODO, expended rlder the immediate uperintencIence of eminent pscu=cal men. The result shows ihe formation of an establishment of great extent, enormous in its capabilities, unrinvoled in situation, enjoysug tbe hbghest reputation for the character of the works performed, Possessing facilities for the transaction of buvinesE unequalled by any, and containing within itsd all the acceasries requisite to commDand a Irs-ge and lucrative trade. The tenure of the property is partly freehold and partly leasEehold. The worksa may beviewved til the sale, by cards only, lVhiCh may be obtained sthortly, tegether with printedt Dpaticulass, of Charles L;ee, Reqo. ofila aoseitosse, Aldermaun. Dury; ofhgeers L;awnauce, Please, and DSoyer. eot-citors, OldJecv. cha3mbers; of Rfeamls. Nesebon and Evans, solicitors, Warerobe-placo, Docters -commonst; of MKessrs. Pollen tanel Son, SO, Ifore-slreet, Cnip3 legato; anld 01 Mtessr. Fuller and. Homrey, Billite-arreet, tondoc, Etdmfor-=lli-cellmr moderm HsRschold Furniture, Ohina,- Gliss and Miaw.llaaeouszffwtea Mt.SRS. 3PILL31AI ansd SPENCE have received inti-tora to BELL, by AUOTIobM on the pr hrises, Wool1laitiaHangr-trn,Stamford-bill.,a atia.Jl 8, st 12 for I precere]y. superior mnidern HOUS-LDFUtIT E&EpZn copiig=iA11aa,y Arabiaa and other bedsteads and bedding warrbeg, chests Ot drswen, marbie-t waah. aItands an hittlom dresming tables ant glasss, and the'" asar me PPendages;- elegant drawing roomnsuite inrsewood,ocan lon md'chi couches, card. cheu, and other tables priaestoangchagnyand oechthe glasses, CAPIta SPItnish m:ahogany Pedestal aideboard with plategla heck, maho~n ertending diningUtbles with circular ends, licusels, Turk anrolthercarpeta and rip. feders and fire irons, metg or danai arid other window curtaimns and cornics, and the essal appendages of th-s domestic. offces, chin and gt%a garden imnpleocenta, a quantitY of poultry, and miscellaneons e eots may be T.edthedayrpreriousand morning ofsale. Catalogues obtainedrin yad,Temple-Ibr. Suffolk..Zrehl an narBr St.E~dmund's, MEssiRS. SP1LL1A.X?aud SPEIUE wfillSELLb .LY,Li'AUI'ICI. atthe Mst, n Thrsy, July 24, at 12, a ir ditins o sal hadat teMat; o It.Say ron,tag.e sol ISito Tetpte. chabes, let-tret;an brcut th Cauctioners'i -leUat 4 osiions grsIn withouremente, 1I,rSSRS. SPILLM1AJ and SPENCE will BELL b bYJAUCOTIQ-, at the Mart, onThuraday, July 24, at 2123bypirer solmdOAOAS3Eyfrd, andgrcottaedbousetwo rooms, ohupyingal apldete, wel inate ld Bre-strwt irct-lyc paralll 'imCtkrsad,tand west.& atcuiastr. Manbd ewd. atcues nonditions of msathMr;ofege lsale, Fada thicitrt; of Ses-saee. Jasdrde ande Erolo.solicitors, 17, nh-na Graet-s-innt; and at the auctioneer' offices 42. BeIl-yard, Temple-bar. To Bildrs.- cpitl brck-outCarcauses,inuo exelnt pmeiont. ~jrSSS. PILMA andSPENCE will SELL .iLbyA Otat the rat, on Thursday July21.at 12.iucaptal dama, a sVN obstar nteat n mposing RStruCtueS, nlesarly cm plee, ellsitate inErnowik-pace Brnswck-oa, and rrwhitting., too-lac, i theHr~.rod,UperHiloay,erh-hueArchaoTae-out it, Bmoertsblleand t soeailelfr9ers tlwronrn Parichulse and coenditionaofimaletant pstontrtrd,heMatoferg rlsle, Baq lIIESSRS. SPILLMAN.and SPENCE wMl SELLb ±TLhyAUUPION. at the Mart, on Thurdsay. July 24. at 13, ai Tsevenl lots,SEHEOrmLDal neTAat COTTAshgE It hintended puloueasantl sTuater, andobeng soe t-l5, 4rasw , 32.04i, an s ,ioeInt Bandwirk-oad,roarLnerthe Wlsittingtntonsoe, a Upper r Hollowaays.b ta lclybict-buit, and grwlle garde ine het rmpear;cel unrtrder. seaae leae fo ner 2Yearps, at ground rents fL ac,Myb Maye eweda d,pand i la an oditions of sale had at Use Mart; of George Carlisle, Ese, slitore 3 Sltone-lne andc's -13l-at ,Themauclne-br.'ofcs2,Bl-ad otempe-hiter, e5bl =ae.Tr M~JESSRS. sPILLMMand SEC ilSLb bLL AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thnrsdey, July24, at 12, an foalubl ltavr,kona s B oruntikarms, aOU substantia n bicpobung motrby dre, weonsmot athUecoero usrr-paendBnwik eroo,neah IW1 itlNgio-HtOUSnellat rapperdoloayd aitd loalitg frapd cearts, ana longwalleudgrdent. elgiayb iewed, and paringlaos. and conSlelne; of Jn Westfield-errq, solictror,d], alteihbuty-equlett anoda thenantstioenetrg anountces g t2 Bell-y1rd Teple-bar. n hl ne Fnteri tb olreasodp Ree,veryeibl rmal l Cairaysts MpSS-Rs. SPILLMAN and SPEN CE will SELL .LLyAUCTION. at theMr,o hrdy Jl2,aiif lorets,b io eio of the rtge,FORsbtnilhi-slt payaber WN.Ogs, wit nfta ell cern ge and afite,hvn e court andth loengo walle gardeivng herii iut, a npysmd being froe. h,,d yeand7, in.Gea erentet Westfil-ermeiLrradgRther.bothe, let motgooed tcoats, atr rent0 andontn to0 £bre ins pherannum, land heldurnderso cieatis IDte leas ersneonaryeIteresto to eas ath Analgrondoren of E noSe, SPXlay e iwed atclr anSP NdE codtin ofSaLe Mbad UC10 at theMat;o MP arrt,Er olicTours 24, asIngh4alstreetby ofr,eat Sloe-lane;aanonat thet aucioeers' oftuaes, 42, being Nosd, To LineAdrand SPENCE erle SELL ,LLL byO aCtI, ats the Mar3, Boadway. da.Juy4at2,b panyable, aith1 iunteetat4pr et,rmanfe the death ofnhi hiae in theeen Room hs. eriighr ml cue pntefehl en or W9,50,end2pe0 shares ind atheurnia lawu assurane o cieties; also theciseeversior Interes of th AWOL'Nnual Pnrome o lad7ie'lths,;arsn foropterad btefre-mentioed, l3 OpeTiew tenbiecbto th st,d caloniguency, Theat thslena wier seohroms.er odh he Mat;eo Hearmt Nichols andsr osednesoliitrs 9,hJCooks-cirourt tioncoln's-infa;tandoatthe lautioee' ohnFfies 4Z3, valu-abdele olarY upptaer colloay.-g A7 alable sLtoas ehodwEsrthee f Tboutexcelln rmodr Willaor Reidntes,adt alikedesiabe3.Fortoccuaftion or inhest-a Mfxn uvyr ESR . St.LLMartn' 'a andatNC will SELL. by UCTON wUBL, at the at n hrdy Aucy tio 31aby dirctin ofthesdMortIpge.bs, TW toexcllftent V tLL scDrlesof ofluanes odrneleatoDANs, ms ageeaible siuaor an b eil in g heie frosm and The Salisbury-terrace,Ue HoElloway ron the rieaof Stghate-nbon t; FathyGreisusteantRiallay.bikbit Pandeachs ontmains eigh excllent0 Gm,ewith deomestiacloffcs whel fucionised,. and fit.tewithfixtures hatnsve fr Soot, edapphoacdHoues, igadnstths rear,mheldEstder bevee. ParicuXrsNdc editio eeacat the marrt ; of Gueorge, Fmivr inn; 29d at the auctioneers lloffiltes, es2,Bell-ad TempleiGmTeorLiterrace.s Belgr ere-ro ,tHeersree,an Laembdea.tre R. WALXEN BiRSELL at l SheL bycto Al o- ML TOda, Jatlhi llto9i, 3.iretooadwy,lue3fot -hiltbl, husdy Tuly0 t o 11Pursnctal, sl65inthe SUos:in TR6DEDof amplynendraer, upon mertgrgeHosr, anfeeod Lstate.t Onview daynprior and caalsoguhesR Tersaiontoertoopms, s,3fheaduwhcaeeso'n To Woowland dr3mo s, Toliletrs, and MrantlGeorgefsctreetcsd,f h aucioner.WALTE MarTONwilsSEpl yAeO Norwoody, Surhis.-ooms 3,Broadway, Specdgate-rsl, and Thursday July0,a M preisel, th STOCL ofatWt Le AcinD MaPrt, con pricsing bac familyothsidande doekn as0 yamrdsn Hofuscarlethardndsbac leadies'celovth,orpera andt otherL mansotleis,ta.ceofon voeoteda Chrior aridecatalogue ys toea Patlthe,n rooms. nitne saino h WetnadreehoPldaMeadowland, nhelarWndbsimor. atol 1P/Us areprearn-S wgri'sEplLa yAceON.t ExteWhite saIt HotFrehl,dWiGrou, o Wednesday -witJe . by deerires- ben h is otion of the Trustee of the lottoJohnHeoste Esq., atvlaleodE CmLOSURe o riheah almeADWLy ,wthocad are,a cotags,.onAIOXNing 7ares, eituae at idwstmetrons abouthamie fro Windstoro theplroa toe abovde nhtad, PamIr at th plac omalket fof publicer COlEeqoicitXor, tineinam Buly.s; lofs Tc. whldoo esurveyr 3s St.d Madroetin'-lace anda the Maoprt. o l rni paycampbrne-cm3o,na the Therl reehl griudgrenstio, eon the verydon _e __andmlboss,telae Bihon Railwb, bigoiialgatd onl 61eas, aUi wiom5loOSeLL,; ats Rethe ose Auc ation ii, thDTre Brindgs tht ate eioenceo et, and onsfomtheRrantSttioner thee Fast GrinuatedRiw. Particula ae rsp of Mandiyhe meandtSamon 30 GmeathGe-worg-tetl n fte auctiener,t.,St. Martin 's-pla c rfla-qae. Etensiv Sal w ofue leasehtol.Hue,o h eise sae lIA . OL ON will SELLb atTON i the Mareute, onuHollanaMonay.July 29, at 12, TEtTey-1,0T. it well-bitd fers savelfomthYUe. held orleg tero, ad allwelienant oomptratingthe cstpoitaIensin Gosveor trrac, Begrav-roa, Glc oner.te Cax-hrse dit,e-etwo Toaluble ok-greet, oldoton-eare Cadenhihsquet and Set. htow,eornas equro Pullero prarticlar BuirldingTau MartinBs-plae,et SSaluabilePit arindtrevtersonr Ito EreobtAU iNITIO wil SLL at the Au,o husa ul 7 tio 12 rt owng TEB, S of. au peystre, Carren-6quarte, SUMrod rcin 0 ampntlyo z sere suupn,gorfagd ofrent ho7lftad z esaeach;ie c ent.;l anda alooh.R vein ttforcertain posdensqousares,o ebthOesidsu wirls areovested,an incomer aremalpaudironf sesidtatehedapresondenceas ed.3artiular ofSt Maulhe,mland Salmon, sroliidr, 30, a Great George-stm ree;und ofu the eantienacuer, t.Mrtin's-plac. I Agsie-idwthoeslnes- RntdaXorwo rannui- ;gr-oundptalits, SIpeculTor,endbuldoters, e.xpXN illredI Anat tHoue. Ation4 Wearnt,on- prinsingw famil reHestce, A nown as Acrsrof House,l with garens, orcard,srand, Hounsrlpdocw. inre Alle inerysvnae, at one Acr milnthe Sfiro th~Leeh I Crsa Paandfrc and ose to nitne saino h Wes enoad Crysta Palac Ranloway. Theland4 hulympotant d.i ouble vaoluable, andEcOntin veryT anrorsistingkofarcotPaticularedmand bengthebt2 sucporio ofizsetEsate arathe latd e W Hetath, Ere,, atg the,breidece and l uxkclsrof M. rCe arledistrMcy,,on ferom~e the of the f:nest wheat in the county, and is admirably adpted for 3market gardens; it is also very eligible for building purposes, and a leading rood (which in much reoulcediby she public) can esasll be made from the Statumes to the Bath-coad, with the consent of two other proprietocs wIhe, it Ltooreumd, will give every facfiUtv; ehlo an excellent bMedowr of about thn aares, well eltuate, in Cranfordi-lane, near Reston, anf& conainngvalabl bickeath;anda apialmeadow of about onr acr, stuae n te Sin ner te astnomd;the whole in the coonpoton f r. . lsyan llr,Petr empe Syearly tenants, May Victoria (London) Docks, 'near BIlaokwall.-Building Lend, the Bell and Aneher Tavere. and 55 Direlling-houses Shopsr, lee. Ij'JR PONSIIORI) is favoured with instructions to offerfor SALE by Imiblic CORPETITION, 44 PLOTS of most eligible FRREEHOLD BU'IlDING LAND. -the Bell and Anchor TT,rcrn. North Weolwich-road. and 35 Dwellig-ho0uses and Shops, Teelovery dlesirable pr porkE, which is ott freehold and the land-tax re deemed, is situatoeclos to tha Victoria Docks, abutting cast and west urpom rosao leadhing into the, Docks, anzl extending,firom she Docks on the south to the cite of the intended new railway station on the Nort-h Woolwich Lineov.thse nor'th, contiguous to the greatshlpbuildingysrdik lee.,S an presents an unumually favourable opportunity for the invest- mtocsplI.sl Tne au-ction forsale of this property -ill be hield at the loll anid Anchor Tavern aforeaIdl, on Tuesdar. the 9th, and Wednesday. the 9tb daysofJuly.I816 at 12forlo'clockpnustuallyeach day. TheBfrs~t 0y's slewlilinclude 4l1 pltsaf h huldngnd and the second day the remaining three pl ots of land, the tavern, and bosses The tavern andbeuilding land3may be viewred at anytimu',and tbhe huse whitle thepernilselonof thetenents, rarticuliars anoeritions of the sale, with plansx of the property, may beOhitueed, 10 days l-efore the auction, of WilliaLm Mreyrik, Esq,, solicitor to the vendor, 13a, Great George street, Westminster; at the P'avilion Hotel, North Woolvrich; the Victoria Ttvern, near the railway station, Barkingro,d . at the PellancdAuchor Taverre, North W,'oolwichx-road ; at the Ss,ar end Bihrd-in-Hand lun, Stratfo rd ; aud at Mr. Pen_%forX'soffilo,% 21. Meorgate-stree, 'London, - llanInU'e, T11Wi. antd dsch.--47 Tork4weaee, I '~ LGOOD,willSEL14 on Y;sidy n-t,a S `Chn e rn eddingwinged andS oilVim. rd.adwebei, eyigl.h,, inV_ethR, dinner wio,ilicaLray t tbWed,a ote. pln inJualei, by 'wdmOtnn ta Tfimew bofk tnd trne, sad. T. rlo Welcth. OnTiew, one dayorie andcabdtalogde.bhad at Mc~ gENCR caJ theprnipa,bl6t flto n-ord ndiere om eWthbB rcuto ki the3ev Wic. letrl deehrstasen,t ao reKit.tT of £10 oiue er samul, pAyal held-a j'wl ythe fre .l c orntsntyeaer tal gountd Coent. osy Obsner Niwdinn ticets ofl a lad In hr ttho baed, aned 55r cuand4l-mat tehgbl,Ay mead, P pa loothera (wfen Brea,)attemDauat d;nfDGre Itu.*1-strc-etreneftr. 4.od 9.Wtucl4tet liE B. ELGOOD wilSELL, at the Alart, onceWednes- 2 day. July 16, . Orde 012 ah Triteobtl il fte FHey.D RO TY. aWelch seoroted an tauenomeh anidaaobuucolat± -i dceld. frmBIerlyOX anuwlle~d garden, te3).Xoor Lnd-latteee loyd-squrfe,v 63 feaaetrs faut andf veetan deah, o harvolng ah exoesie, ei-ai bauti,four ga,rd rlsigrof t oqre nd te prnialuewl boer a )nd edenory ighteabedom. hintheneye, do, ~thenfredholeretor of yhear new lawVn courta.n13 sqarey be jed5 tikll one wee prie teo tg,sae and patiujria had at the Mart: fth TOlingLon fr attb Mrt:o 8 erd a.Belen uth- Afr.Ren,ando ,2 cIAn ol res,t ltu111l-atree . e: andiofgs. 55 ood. Mr. '-mpoulebtet, 5 . oosi finl3 Mery.-Waluabi3,St SFreehld ooe, -, iLndtoluca-ionneers, lain theVprope-srfty efB.Moe eesd j5R[ . PRICE andl CLLAtRth -waU Sn-Ednesb 1WUCIO, at G2,arr tabrys r TesdayEFuly 22 Pat 1 fr ,Tin ewolgbl stuaeh hnrhse pa S10SS ofELISES,n'with-deldl.frmelyocm-. cp Sdbythl late .Muvoore, Mndlatterly. IiPiOfii'lhmlesa tcn f bv £20a er I;hs o eleua,ibn dihreutioasGEc aecce an te vin rwill eao.wide.slowaerosed nteeeto&h AUCTIosMr GONrge Garidarnf, Pyon ueh: M. Juerm' ,tL2for3n'a. Ies: Mrt. WOR alker,t 1,St e'ricthi'aie aIELNdGtheutOUSES, delg.t pro(luc fby diretionuof the lortsgagee toth.Er S .PRICE anid CLARK -;dl SELL by' ALTONT, at Garrnwea'e. on Tuesday. July 22. at 12 for 1, i mirabuly aRElso a SA3,cnisigo or11-SWtlSai situte nd ein No411 Worhipstret;helifo loengtrerm,et a lrod gictuiren. Th proertyaybeviewd b herm Dustynofthetdnale. and particulars hod (10IDddas preceding thesaeofr.Sth4, MESRS. PIRICE, aiicl CLARK wMl SELL by .I.AUCTION, at Garrairy's on Taseday. J-uly22 sIl ft1or 1, in onre lot., by oE eubstatiayerce oBu teLU -ceC-haclOrSEir delight ful 4at.hi6phitof ARABEpv neIhbourhooenea the. Fallo 23c. =nfellchae-wit frutge o tepond, Isingo the occupationofrs ofrespectal thents lot rent o e1 perodcn abouti £10 per otannum stbld held bor adlngF termate at modratae, groudreybln t.The pocpertyo oaf bo'e dsnrdby ermThIScn Prion of theheanS:tn oluofra Shipand BofaH; esRs OGriERSndlark 4S Oaeer y-tAneI. L yore In Chahery Brusyees. Con si.d--HJaymc7scnth.Ao Freehl Pemstae. prodcinga retal f £14 pr anum, nltseautale toak telm snd l M SRS.OB PRIEID lid LR wl SELL byhs o GaUtIO,a ftbougacsrawets' on Tuesday, July2, at 3 2 fa on. carder, directional ofag antheRightabHes, oouhes auto stheofchs,ra do- firabe-FrEE mhoLan -TaTn, onsmiedtingofs four hoe itch beshoea, PlanbDudiengt dwelling-houses, anltoalsdhet 1ngi,nas Queen-streexft, rawayg, Hadchamersiit, eardtates chuchh,rqdsts and inutherooutyhfideefect. May be dewed,.n partilcguaesmobtand, 0dy. rcdn h rueho ess Storcikeo au SimItrerha uletue and Buiclder. n H bose CL. F iis -sree,slcto. S 4,me lnowtn'a-hMns-y.Jelds; at Gavin wa'shndo Means. opriceadilrg, 4bou Chancerylanks eal.adbt lIjI ESSRS. RICE an Can KwllSLLb treele ByoAIErYo hi Sonou the A OIceCaclor Sir Jonhe End remihae, wt Sprinontage to thbertroad,i theccuhamton Tofesdre, Jolynee aLt12 the low reT o includper anm;bogave cottged, wtardrobe fc~otand hldinr.erltuate ateGat-sn, Fot-bl,anther es occtupation bofdu dr. JobuBaand w andothefrs;alsoa lordtof uilin rlwod.wt froDntage, inb Pasoae-lanier, Baner-stret,aEnsel, nes-Iarptotld anred nubliou- hos MTepoet ay be viewed,o 1dy Candtarliculas had oith daynse peeigthe sacioe,r.at7 Che fiosiets of H.FabuIn ry Fqare. lcio 2A Subrystsret, SybutrLand;ofd Rrossrs.thoinSpt.i Daeben-rduhainsoa Brown solcitor, rentar'hlIo London ofr amru. JraAl slctr wa LLIanSa tha e oefresfdinstrsPrendCakauctions oersbyACTO, 48, Iloherltho.FrhdaSecond25,rtion ofteVEStock-ofanShip Eandcoo p r. chgroG6eRStalof-Wewu;hldSfLoyrUterOofabyoutde ofteTutes lon groiidrnsy.Julay7 bat 1,neted Paremrel's Ho:.refry lthritheDothe SECO_ olcor, 102 ot, Mth?s-lOne ofa_ aalbe,-edging. eofches--ak Rcaroos and'kneer,ok andolmcitops, a9boLan 100 fahm3s of ficew,od, sec Bond-Btreed shp' ot, ileyffcs Onvewths day d orningef Asay-ole. Catmboguesodol tepr- mise0r:the ne i th ELT egboUrhIOd, and ofe Gr.oees, MauctIroneer. cn ViewA. on IVdoedern Furntue genatne Donrie Gm. brcey, ealsma Casesaand BApAooparats, T ableCetaloc,Toished Paerrsotsa calledsh ehv, a nLd'adroe stand attherit citne. f'in-o lay road, nIsi comprgesin wdonn,alnu letwo, and mahoduigan gross entre,o card, occsioal ancym, andec tote tabl rouchd es nd Tsetwol of thab abdover glssee,d Borusl anuFxid other cpoif heartrus, adffendes angod clpuoddingy doresuingestmbe nd to prduetaglargesbai smtands -itrahorttings, aaybebried sevhrapnaes icen rqucl~and nrviuseto stherWe effenctas, Maybe dewex ad.at rolegesayb.ea badlt.,Sssx ]M) .LEWRETWwiaSnd JARVIS ON ontho SELL - ULLACI Nion-stareeat. Sim edne,s- ay, onJiouy. 2ul3, at 12,fr inthe excellent STOCK, compriing2 oE aburnt to au orsderle sod hat-iz tens', 32 qse of flooring 7.001OL fretATof qiuartering.d.0 beetg wide pne bard dry cuthastuffd and oom:nr eigh toas. of oand 7u Rolse-terac 300 Oar spiokes.4w as felloands, f-our benlches,0 scafol poles , an berd, igttormsgrTO- codA 3425 6pu7loge, lOades r.rw, and 3-,Mhjrv othe uaseful i-eroc. oce -slo.wed Cpl-onw,he atrday priort thes sal,-hnd darg~tontetHmeteado.and-rowad. ra;asoq.3.arn stret, Fazro-sodrrHuehold Fanra;nitur0, ltUmoer-tzrdestest;handsm fire lottemls Spriwnga Chelsa5s 0.talber,st-rad,tecm ot atslaesfay,. Joilyhtoat 1.The seeralCT hmc!udfgrmaonga winced w'yardrobe, fou r-out nd French r bedsteas,tfeathe bds zmssateares bedding, tables,loungercbus. chir,clotisol d aspaae lals aoaycieasean -dinin effects. May ~ ~ ~ ~ ni be diewed o ody aaoushdo h rmss rental of £150 per annum.th 1l,rESsRS. GADSDEN, WLNTERFLOOI)~ anci _NLL ELLRS.hv reeB distutost SELL by AUCTION, att thhiea,o rdyJey2,t BushSEVE bhrsdck-bult H7OUSt t aundes PBotiSES. incldig cptalcanrho,) knimortntu Nsa 1.OIID Dend n,goldingl onsteet ond7, i.ndlt.heton esplcomStpm acas iprouitag argrots rentlos 20iednu;hedfrtrs faot5 mayhe whade of l.et Bo les, ton,slctr 0,St atnsln.Ta Laire-sqare; ofA3 at f9eers Rihrnn n ale,soiior,21.Ln oln'sD in-ia leost tffohelMart; a ituatMesos Gear ec t ltrlcd thd Eis'stofficckes,1m,Ol Brad-tetuiy lIjrR.SOWD N hot-eceicdiLsmbctlns,Faromhw IVJJitrtgsgs to SEL by ACTION,atstheGreenMa In, Old- LESHL hAnxreeycopc and wlcmprisigane ol-tae,fabished beer-shorg. calld thenBehiv, andh sietuateatqte corner of Ungionrod, CAlebanyle- oppothhmrity fo andanteiquerinintoeroduce aslrg suannuity fAor -atshor sterr.thdstne property m aay bedewdzsreven days revioustothe isle andprticlarsTan canditn of sale obainedoofrJam Robthinson Eqsolictitor, 11 fromLordDmergerles DChnsudemit the Green MUTIN, aldtentbra Kind Hat Inr. H, o-ons Frdysucutio n estate3 onftes 20,ei ason,invlos tomeiter for coccupaion,ca opuChelse,Brsopthen scv-and t t 1o5ed d Wnuitied MANdRA JESARVT wcisll Sf-teL bym Seld'AUCTION atgfel Harr andwam'nwednsdFaym, July 23,g att12 for 1 en them atfionopecisely, sin 2arloleprun tod hihl pordieof pathre Highd Couhdmvrprt ofnhecrr LASEnHOLDETAteS,o sitatdwand beWitgitan prncmr t~ll eicue the Tubm-od adcmpriin He. aLnd 7, Rose-iterr aceo ano,d nionW&Idromw;ldoe, 2 hand t ltoeia-pmre; Nde c 2,b,urdid anictoria-grovteartn%edaNo,143,6 7 u5 0.1, yand 2.edine-proe.0;.lso.3 BrihetontireTteheseeralpremisesar heltdfrng termsou of15 yacres, atd lowmgruted rnts, snt areofi the estimhatpe goss7 e annual valudo Garrways cofeeouse Lodon te principa inns at bIpwich,bury and Norwich: of Philip W-ilson, PAZ., Solicitor, Lynn; and of the sutioeees Wissett, neFar Haleswoith, Suffolk. - Rerefordahlrs.-Yr valuable IFreehold Essate, within 21 miles of~. imrovingmarke town, of Boss, nine of Momnmouth,ad fl1, of M R. HENRY BRUTON Ihas rebeived instructons - to offer to Public COILPITITION, at the Royal Hotel Vo4w, on. Taurstazy, July 17. at 4 in the aftemnoco. subject to conditions of xsate to be then and there produced, thai; highly valuable and oDmpact FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as Hight3wn, consisUtiag of amsuhais- sal-uilt and comfortable farm-ncsa,e ralLI-bouee, two cotages thre harm stables, pigeies, sheds, fold Yards, exoeelent garden, suet Wbial 11 acre~sof hih=sperior amble, meadow, pasture land, and orcbardiegsitur,to ina he parlseof ]?eterstow and Brdjiow, in the county of Hreford The above very eligible estate comprise about 1111acre of itrot-raLte arabic, land, ned 40 aicres of meadow land And orchArdieg (the latter newr in its ptimel, in the highest pos-sible state of cultivation, and is situate in one ot the musd healtlu'. fertlle and pietureaque, claietea of t'he counSy of Hers-- ford, and wi Lhin a short distancea of Goodrich-court and the River Wmc stoe,an lI etae i itiaoedbyseReaof watnd GOfering falwsbilti-forhe recionof mil. toe tiths av breen themintisl tiaHtefriluns los tothe stae, hicad atlt within a ls th a-ieO,Io, ~ad Goat iLonaon aal : f Cares silinJons, aqofl,Gry'. ="I-u rIM. ofon -l of Meses,Blwars an Holand, oiiclcweIlossat te ploa' isle
