MON Y-MAR3T>h cau'ITY ITRLGBNCZ. L E he Eu-ih funds continue without the dghtes iaovement Consols were again quoted throughout the day 905 to ;4 for money, and 95- to . for the 10th of September. The cloudy weather caused a tedency to dulness,-and the transactions were few ,nnd unimportant. -After regular hours there was a dspostion to increased heaviness, owing to a fur-ther decline on the Paris. B6urse, and Consols were -offered for the account at 95. Bank Stock closed at 217h to 218M; Reduced, 95i toa; Now Three ipcrtVents., 96 ta ; Annuities, 18i; adin St;ock, 233 to 236 i Idiz Bo4ds, 12s. to 15x. premium; Exchequer-bonds, look to J; and Exchequer-bills,, LLs to ILs. prenuin-- - lForeign seurities were heavy, and sales having increased quotations were rather lower. Turkisli Six per C-ents., for the account, were nego-tiated at 1SM and. #. In the Four per. Cents. Guaranteed tle transactions for nioney- were at 104, and for tho account at 10* and 103k. The general business compLised-Buenos Ayres, for account, 82a, 81i, and 82;- Peruvian Three per Cents., foir the account, 58 and 59-; Portuguese hree per Cents., 1363, 461; Sardinsn -Five per ^enlts., for account, 93 andO2}- Sp'iah, fNew Deferred, for account, lO3i and 4; and Dutch Twoand-a-Hal per Cents., 65. - - In the fcorn-market this morning there was a slight reaction from the firm rates of Friday, the advance realized as compared with this day veek scarcely amounting to 3s. The final quotations of the French Tnree per Cents. this evening on the Paris Bourse were 70f. 40c. for money, and 70f. 5oc. for the end of the maonth, showing another decline of nearly threeeighths per cent. The lettersfrom Holland mention that the whole of the 850,00O. of silver, bought of the Bank of Amsterdam about a month back iby London firms, was sent to Vienna. The price at which it was sold ranged betwIeen 105f. 60c. and 105f. 70c., but the Bank have now raised their terms, and have fixed their selling price for fine silver at 105f. 80c., and their purchasing price at 104f. 65c. Another step in the ureparations for establishing a submarine teiegraph between America and. Europe aas just been completed. - A month back the New York, Newfoundland, and. London Telegraph Company, by whom the enterprise is undertaken, sucvceeded in laying down a cable, manufactured by Ruper andCo.,of London,fromthe northern pointof 7Yova Scotia to Cape IRay, Newfoundland, a distance f 85 miles, and. this will be extended across Newfoundland to St. John's Bay, whence the ocean disanuce to the west coast of Ireland is 1,6404 miles. 3deanwhile the small steamer Arct.ic was despatched by the United States' Government, under the comfnand of Captain 0. H. Berryman, to me soundin3gs between these two points. She left Newfoundland on the 31st of July, and was not expected on ;this aide until the first week inl September, but her .nrrival at Queenstown, Cork, took place on Saturday, and she is said to have performed satisfactorily te object of her voyage. The accounts from the manufacturing towns .for the past week show little alteration, butthe general tone is satisfactory, the home demand being everyvhereactive, while the orders from the United States and Canada are in most cases good. At Manchester the market opened with an improvement, but it was mot maintained to the end of the week. The Birmingham advices describe some partial tendency to a revival inthe manufactured iron trade. At Nottingham there hasbeen an increased business with full lansactions for the United States. In the woollen districts there has been much steadiness, and the Irish linen markets continue active, with a tend&Lcy to higher prices. *At a special meeting of the General Screw Steam 'Company to-day, Mr. Raikes Currie in the chair, a resolution was passed authorizing a dissolution. A ballot is necessary to ascertain the opinion of the proprietors, as the votes of two-thirds are required for a final decision. At the close of the proceedings this afternoon the ballot was opened, and it will be -continued until to-morrow at 12 o'clock, when the result will be announced. In answer to questions, it was stated that the forfeiture of the deposit paid by the French ClipperCompanyhas arisen from their inability to complete the contract oriinally entered into. An endeavour was made to gain an extension of time to carry out the proposed arrangement, and the directors of the General Screw were anxious, if possible, to accomplish this object. They therefore suggested the payment of a further moderate deposit, but the French company did not avail themselves of the offer. With regard to a subsequent proposal from other parties for the employment of the fleet for a period of two years, the terms -may be called remunerative, but the directors heave not, under the cirumstances, considered it advisable to agree to them. Respecting a sale of the vessels, it was contended that the advertisement put forward for the purpose is. calculated to create a prejudicial influence, as it states that if their disposal cannot be arianged by private contract in a specified time they will be brought to public auction. In reply, the chairman explained that, in making the announcement, the board were anxious to prove the sincerity of their intention to wind up the company. Several shareholders, while expressing confidence in the policy of the board, then urged that it would bo desirable to exhaust every available means for a sale by prlvate contract before adopting the medium of auction; and. a resolution to that effect was supported by the directors, and unanimously agreed to. -The dividends on the Cuba Loans of 1834 and 1837 have been advertised for payment. The particulars of bonds drawn under the operation of the sinking fund have also been published. The new steamer Chersonese, of 2,300 tons, sailed <>n7 Saturday from Liverpool for St. John's, NewfoundLand, being the first of a new line established to run between Liverpool, Newfoundland, THalifax, and. Portland-in-Maine. The Sir James Brooke iron screw steaner, of 550 tons, belonging to the Borneo Company, left London to-day for Sarawak, calling7 at Singapore, between which places she is intended to keep open a ,permanent communication. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised seven vessels-three to Adelaide, two to Sydney, one to Port Phillip, and one to Hiobart Town, with an aggregate capacity of 5,026 tons. The rates of freight exhibit no material ariation. In the general business of the port of Iondon ,during the past week there has been little change. 'The total of vessels reported inward from foreign parts was 291, being 9 less than inthe previous week, and the number cleared outward was 140, including 25 in ballast, showing a decrease of 22. The number of ships on the berth loading for the Australian colonies is 78, being 6 more than the last account. Of those now loading 1O are for Adelaide, 3 for Auckland, 1 for Canterbury, 7 for Geelong, 5 for Hobart Town, 2 for Launceston, 2 for Melbourne, 2Eor Moreton Bay, 4 for New Zealand, 19 for Port Phillip, 3 for PortlandBay, 15 for Sydney, 3 for Swan River, 1 for Wellington, and 1 for 'Wa;rruambool. for The settlement in the guaranteed shares of the 3Ietropolitan Eailway is fixed for the 4th of Sep*tember1 but they arenot to be marked as guaranteed a-hares in the offecia st. -The colonial wool sales, which commenced on the 17th of July, terminated to-day. They compriea 3q6,746 bales, andl opened at an average decline of between ld. and 1I per lb. In the course of a 1oitaighut a rally commenced, and former prices were -ultiately regained. The following remarks on the aides are2 from Mr. W. H. WVillans | 'The pablic sales of colonial and other wools which ternilasted to-day comprisd-From Vietor, 26,728 bales; £rom Sydney and Sloreton Bay, 23,950; f-om Tasmania, 8,073; from South Austilia, 1O,010 - from New Zealand 3,429; from Swan mver, 837; andthe Cape of Good Hope, ;6,359; making 79,386 bales oC colonial- besides Indin, 4,922 bale-3 and sundriee, 3,135; which brought the aggre,vato to 86,746 bales. The extent and 'Inportauce of these sales attracted a large attendance both of hoMe and foreign. buyers. The latter, however, have not taken their usuaL proportion which may, perhaps, be attibuted to 'he fact that they La! supplied themselves freely at the recent fair3 in Germany- and elsewhere. Previous to the commence_ ment oninions were divided as to the result. It was gene. rally k6rwn that the stcmks in thp hands of the Yorkshire dealers were larger than msual at this season, and it was presumaed tht the unauccensu ful results of their proviou3 purchases would indispose them to operate freely unless at a very decided reduiction. The stoclk of wool, however, in the bands of manufactuz2re were unusually small-indeed, they may be said to bave been absolutely exhausted, and -this circumstanoe, coupled with the smallness of the stocks-of manufactured goods, and the general soundness of the woollen trade, inclined mny to the opinion that prices wovud.no' on the average exhibit any material reduction. The o-pening rates averaged ld. to ldd. per lb. below the c!ociug prices of the previous saleas In dbout a forbihX, hovaever, the zallied, and began to manifestan upwar.d terdency, which continued until the reduction wras fairly recovered, About a weeli before the conclusion thc wcat.her bexAme .unpr6pitionsu4-and it was antidcpated b.at tb change wou4d tell upon. .pzices. .-TWis.expectationwas not relircd, and .tho- return of fine days before the conCiusibu o f :the sales imparted a stillinore airmte tone to biNdieg5. Ilac elosing rate were eoual, and fo- some descripltions higher; than ciould have lieen obtained at the preceding aactions." - - Thd amount paidl into the Trenzury of the Easb India Company for bills on India from the 9th to ths 25th inst. was 24j9881. The returns of. circulation of the ILish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the;2d- of Augtust,' when added together, give the following as the' average weelly circulation of these banks during the past month-viz. Ah AVCwGo circulation of t-he Irih bal .. ..6,132 O055 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 4,005,431 Avge circulationduring past month ... I10,137,539 On compaiing the above witi the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the BanN Inanac,' the following appears to be the state of thecircu-' lation The Irish bankl are below their fixed issue .. 2-22,439 The Scotch banks are above theirfixed issue 91.,275 Total below the fixedissue ... ...- . ... £695,836 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks durinog the past month have been as follows*- C-old and silver held by the Irish banks ... £2144,130 Gold and silver held by the Scotch ban . 1,699,804 Total of gold and silver held ... £3,843,934 The above statements complete the returns of the circulation in England, Scotland, and Ireland for -the month. ending the 2d -of August which were partly inserted in lhe Timess of the 22d inst. These returns, combined with the average circulation of the Banl of England for the same period, will give the follown results of the circulation of notes in the united kingdom when compared with the previous month:- I showing an increase of 1,100,424!. in the circulation of notes in Engtlnd, and an in^rease of 925,699!. in the eiaculauin of the united kingdom, when compared with the month ending -the 5th of July. And as compared with the month ending the 4th of August 1855, the above returns show a decrease of 171,817i. in the circulation of notes in England, and an increase of 253,0841. in the ^irculation of the united kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 2d of August was 12,382,6901., being a decrease of 157,6741. as compared with the previous month, and a decrease of 4,264,8531. -when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and :rish banks during the month ending the 2d of August was 3,843,9341., being a decrease of 177,6591. as compared with the previous returns; and an increase of 260,3501. when compared Vith the corresponding period last year.
THE CORB TPlDE. MARK-LAWE, Mosw,Ay AXFMNOOB, AUG. 2.. ISngh-hi supplies have continued limited, but foreigr, abundant, excepting in beans and peas. Tho weekYs exports were 730 quarters wheat, 50 quarters oats, 70 quarters peas, 1,488 quarters maize, and 940 sacks flour. The home-g!own wheat supply was 4,000, and with the help of 20,000 Russian the foreign was 31,237 quarters. The show of samples this morning from Kent and Essex was moderate, and consisted principally of new, of fair quality, some white weigh. ing over 631b. per busheL The weather being some-what modified, though threatening, with a declining barometer, sales were scarcely so brisk as on Friday, at 2s. to 3s. advance on both old and new qnalities. More inquiry was found for foreign, at a similar advance, which was exceeded for Russian descriptions. Of country flour there were 9,267 sacks, of American 5,375 barrels, with 300 sacks from St. Petersburg. Though millers did not raise the price of town flour, Norfolks were held at 53s. to 54s. per sack, and barrels were fully ls. dearer. Of barley there were 7,079 quarters foreign, with 663 quarters British. Full prices were made for malting !amples and all foreign sorts. Malt sold without brislmess, atunaltered rates. Of foreign oats thsere were 54,319 quarters (nearly 39,000 from Rusia), vith 970 quarters from Ireland, and only 367 quarters English per rai. Theabundadiceof Russian ep't this description from an advance; but othei kinds, especialy stout and heavy samples, were improved 6d. to Is. per quarter. Of beans there were only 313 quarters, exclusively Pnglish. Of peas only 155 quarters, including a cotchel of foreign. Both these pulse fully maintained former iates generally, but white peas were rather easier. The linseed supply was 5,705 quarters, with exports 950 quarters. No change in prices could be noted, but the article was firm, with more inquiry for cakes. Some new white mustard has appeared, with high prices aske, but riot iven. Canary hardly- sold so welL. Winter tares, hempeeeL, and other seeds much as last quoted. icont Or Coin arised En london from Aucute 55 to An:unue oz cU±tNrn lr±iuito OF BRITISH GR I AND maUls IN { ws ~~A RK-LANE. ~~-eat-Esror a £FaUinp3per quater. hea , od Kent, white . 73 to 77 extra- to 8,2 Ditto. red, 64-l - --074 Norfolk, tincolushire, adYo:rkshiro, L ld,........... . . ....67-70 ...--- 74 Earle;-Mlaittrg, n e w . . . . .. . t -- 4 Chevalier .. fDistitlg 4 Griwding.4 -4 Malt- Esserz Norfol4 and Suifolk.. 69-72 ---7d j inton, Warei and town-made 69-73 R . *--*- .. .. 6- - Oas gliaifpeea 26- 27 Potato ~~~~~~~27 32 Scotch fAed 27 -- 32 * Potato .. 29 -33 Idhfeed .hit( 23-25 fune- 27 Ditto black . . ........ . . 22-23 -2 Ticks. .3. 37 * Harrow - . 35 3o * Pigeon.42 44 ens- Whitebotlcra. 42 -t * Maple 40 -- 1 lour- Townlnd%perak.21klb. Houehd: 55 flue 63- 64 flttoto%uehsdt- *-*-*-- - tS--o N{orfo;lkand SuDo elk exhip 653 50 F BO=GXGRAIN. ;W;eatDantsIC6 mixed 78 to SO high SxhIl - 9n oikr-beeg- .. 7G-SO se -S 9 72-76 fine --o 3 ; American.mhit' 6S -70 ' red .. 63-G Pomera, Sleckb., and Uekermk., red 12-76 7 --IS Silesian,red .. 67-72 white .. .. 73-78 Danish&Holstela 63-66i ,66 - 70 Odesm St. Peters- burg, Riga .. 54-58 fine .. .. 5S-63 Bazle7Grinding ..... . .. . .. . .. 35 -- 39 Oa- Dutch, brewand Plan .6 394 Ditto, feed.. 23 -- 2S minsh anddifeed . . -..... 2S3-26 t a zrad .. .25 2S Bears- Friesland and oledtela.. 39 Sonilgberg.. ...7 I ine holler... S1 -S )ndinn Corm-White 4-33 r.our- ftantsl.Der.sa.8 60 -9=G flitto, sweet. ditto. br L 3- V=orntaerD,pDeewrP bushel -s - v6d - 8 C~..iade .t 20 -m24 Caraway, per cw, new.. .,. . 0 . -- Canry. per qr. ............. . 70-72 Llnd,ierqr.,ucmshlng . . .53--* 60 Cake,perton. . 10 03. -- £11 iltereed, perqr,,ew .. .. ...SIS- Cakce,perton. . £6 iO - £7 FOREIGN SEDS% to Tares,perbushrl ..... .. . .. . .5-s6 HeDPeeed, per qr.-Small .. .. . ..5G -_ Dutch. . 56Cmander,PeroWt.... ... .. -~.. ..1z2 Caraway .. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~42 46 Cake.pertoen.. . £8 - £9 Rapcesed. Dutch ........... ,.. . .. .. 63-- 90 Cake,pertona.... .. .£5 - £5 'lOf -~~~~~~~~~~~E _ _ =
THR -HOP-IAKET, .Aug. 25. - Tbe progreee of the hoP plantations duringthe past week h C not been so uniformly favourable as of late. Tho goldings came out. well' into hop previously to the change -of weather, and, preent a very roosinsapPearne* buS the grape hops in many paepPpear to delin the huf-probably, in a greaS measure ovig to the colat nighte which oored bout j.hendi'c of:lat w.eek. ' gales of winedon the south coEst were feit in mEn pan;5 of£the plantatiox but their effect 'was rather that of b og the hoP thah of dixiohing the quantity to any Important exteut. The toroee acocounts continue very uanfavoueahle. The estimate of the dutystili keeps op to £21t0,C anD pwands,* end the marl:et is perfectly Inactive.
.- -c- --THE ETA NGZaciLAZLrAcZ. . - l / .- 7 GAsGOW, &u 2 :Tbe tenth annual conference of the Evangeliad- AIi e was held 'this year in Glasgo9, begirmingits Nittirgs-6n Tuesday. and bringing them to a close at a late bourlast night. Beyond clerical. circles .tho meetings did not attract much. interest. In addition -to a flarge bodya of 'clergymen belon to the city and ~neighbourhoodthere were-present-the Hon. and Rev B.ptist Noel, theRev Dr. }Rrommacher,'of Berlin-; ,the Rcv, ames Sherman, Of London ;the Rev. Dr. Blackwood, of L0ndon (recently from theCev. Dr. Stine, of L on theRev. Dr Edgar. of Belfast; the Rev. Mr. Jordasi, of London ;'th6 -ev. Mr.Liiaine,- of Belfast; the BP', J*. B. i)obsois of London; the Rler. idward intr,froin Germany; theRey.W. honod, from lFrance; the Rev. hL Handel, from Hfamburg, &c. There ws also -a large body of laymen fro'm a dsanschne.- The meetingDs weregenerally occupied in listening to addr uport of missionary entprise and (hristian At the meeting on Wednesday the Rev. J. P. Dobson the secretary of the Alliance, read the annuadl ret, which deteiled at great lengh the severalmneetings whic a hd been held forprayer an Christn fellowship during the year. They noticed with ragrettthe 'perversions to Popery which 3ad taken pace of persons connected with Scotland during the year-such as the Marchioness of Lothian, the Duchess of Buccieuch, and lMr. Hope Scott, and the zeal whichlwas shown to develo' the errors of Popery or Puseyite episcopay among the leading re'identfamilies in certain districts. The council aLo reported the. successful efforts they had made, in conjunction with others, to stop the Sunday bands in London, and toprovent the opening of the British Museum, the National Gallery, and the CrystalPalace on Sunday. The council reported that they had received an extraordinary communication from the 'Xing of 1ru, conveying IHi Majestys cordial silutation-to the councill, stating that he gave his testimony to4the Alliance-with an entire conviction, exrpressin(> his hope that it mighlt hear happy fruits for all the EvangeE!cal churches, and signifing his approval of a project for an- assembly of Christians-of all ations.at Berlin. In consequence a deputation, conslaingm of the Rev. Dr. Steine, lEr. John Finch, and Xd. Valette, of Paris, had proceeded to 3erEn to pave the way. Dr. STErxs at a subsequent diet; detiled the reception which the deputation received from the King of Prsa, 'which was in the highest degree flattering and favourable. Atthe meeting yesterday, The Rev. Dr. BLaCnaVOOD gave some interesting statements regarding the s.ate and prospects of Christianikt in the East. He said, his object was to throw out some practical suggestions for teaching Christianity to the soldiers of the British amy and to the people of Turkey. He had arrived at the conclusion that this nlliance had now felt its wat, and was still feeling itsvway to a greater extent, so that they -were now in a position to take pracetical stens for smnistering to the spiritual destitution of their fellow-men. Her had gone to the East as amilitary chzplain, and if he had not obtained that appointment his usefulsiess in the field which he wished to occupy would have been greatly impaired. 'No picture could reveal the intense sufferings which took place, in the army hospitals in the East, in which thousands of men were dsing daily without any spiritual instruction. In the great nospital of Scutari, to which he was attached, there were 3,000 men confined by sickness, none of v;homi they might ever expecttosee again. In the long corridors they had but littlespace to ministertothesufferingand dying. At one time he had from S10 to 1,000 men under his care, none of w hom had the most remote expectation of ever recovering their health. While this awful destitution prevailed, and dangers occurred in these hospitals which were as great as in the trenches, appeals to England to get men to go out were in vain. Eventualy some did go out. When walking, in themorning,throughoneoEthe wards en awinter day, he found 40 new patients brought intoa half-finished corridor. He went around them all, and ascertained to what denomination they belonged, to all of whom he either gave a Testament or a tract, and prayed with them. He returned in the morning, and foundthatoutof39 20hadpassed into eternity.- There, was an immense amount of spiritual destitution in the army. The only instruction theyreceived-at. least those that could be spared being on the Sunday morning at parade ground-was while theywere standing on their feet. The whole means for supplying. spiritual instruction to the British soldier were most deplorably defective. - He had nothing to - say against .ho chaplains of the army, hut the 'vh6le system of their appointment 'was defective. Among the soldiers and officers there were many men of Goed, more particularly among the artileSry and fengineesrs-men whose hearts were burning> with love to add anything. they could to the spiritulal condition of their fellowv soldiers. He went out on the under-~ standing that he was to minister to none but those of the Protestant faith. The Presbyterians, who came out later in the war, found great difficulty in finding but a strayPresbyterian here and theres; but he was not so much tied down, for he ministered to all except Rmoman Catholics, yet even for those he had always a kindly word or a shake of the hand. He had freqiently been asked by a Roman Catholic priest, if he found a Protestant in his ward, to go in and minister to him; indeed, Roman Catholic priests often went out to seek for him to go in and pray with Protestants. Captain Hedley Vicars, -who had fallen in a Rusnian sortie, was much asked after by soldiers in hospital. He was led to inquire why so mnuch interest was evinced on behalf of that officer, when he found that he had been in the habit of calling on: his men of the 97th, in tents and elsewhere, when he-'rayed with them. Many of these poor men had assured ham that the first light of God's Word which they ever received was from the lips of Captain Vicars, that martyred mah of God. General orders from head.quartera prohibited the chaplains from employing any cle men but those sanctioned by. the War Department. Now, he 'thought the council of the Evangelical Alliance should seek out men of God who were in possession of Christian-love, so that, 'wherever they might be -cist, there would always be a little' nucleus of evangelical soldiers ready ,to call together their friends, Hs next proposition was to form a miiitay alliance for this oblect. He was not sure whether this was so practicable as the first suggestion, but,this he knew, that there'were many soldiers who would willingly join with them. There might, indeed, .be a specific alliancd formed for this verv purose. If it was harrowing to the feelhngs tose men laid low on a bed of sickness, with thei Simsrotting from them, how much more so was it to witness the spiritual and moral destitution 'which prevailed among the soldiers' wives who had accompanied their husbands from this nation? in the march from Bslgaria to Varna they were left destitute and helpless, and under those trials they had first takento drink; and nltimiantely their mora character gave way altogether.' So full were the hands of Miss Nightingale that she couid pay no attention to these women; and he, with others, took them under his notice. In one room ho found o7 women lying among men and children, with but scanty clothing to cover them, and nothing to separate one sex: from theoether, unleoss it mighLt be a rag hung uXpon a.llne, which was only an apology for a separation. Heo brought those facts before the meeting' as he hoped to enlist the sympathies of the ladies in the amelioration of the soldier, by ameliorating the condition of the soldier's wife. The best soldier they had was the married zoldier. Colonel lefroyhad said that no amelioration could -be extended to the soldier's v.ife on account of the expnso necessaryfor baramck accommodation; but he had told him that the British people would not shrink from prof.ding for the comfort of the soldiers' wives, and he thoughttho ladies of that alliance smight do much good in this matter. by forming themselves into small committees for the advancement of the cause. The rev. doctor then referred to the alliance in the East. He said that wherever he found really Christian men he never found any difficulty in forming an evangelical alliance, so that it was quite easy for ther to form an alliance in Constantinople for the protection of Protestants in Turkey. The Mahomedanreligion was the religion of the eountry, but other churches were tolerated, sabject to the control of the Porte and its Ministers. He explained the position oEChristianity inTurkey. Theywere aware that nominally-at least on paper-every person in Turkey could follow what system of religion, he thought 'rght, -and they thought that was also applticable to nativehorn Musitilmans; but they were not to' believe that this sate of matters 'would 'ce carried out in its en' tirety. After alluding to the depnatuon which had proceeded to Turkey-among*hich he found a number for the Presentation of a request to the Sultan that relgious freesom should be accorded to every man in Turkey, and also to 3fahomedans, should they become Christians. which led to thepRublication of is fbrmanaunnouncing thin freedom of religion-he referred to the hardship which the Protestants of urkfy endured. *Much sufferinghad'been undergonoeby the Protestants in Brouss and Smyrna. What he had to suggest was, that the council should take into their consiheration 'to things-viz., to appo-nt nd ray a core:pondent a't Constantin'ople'to remit to london all details of the sufferings . which exist, and make that liberty real which existed now only on paper; and also to enable these parties 'to paY deputations to the Sultan, to represent thesr cases, 'wlhch wier mainly occaeioned by the chicanery of the infamous 'and ungodly Ministers of the Porte, Hreferretothe badcondition of the Turkish Scriptsree, and urged that an iffort be .mide't provido them !vitha e_gnuin7 copy of te' Bible.a The -present kansltionwras not worth re-Drinting. 'If they got a good0 transation, he tristed that, miderGod,the printing wouldbe carried out. He.suggested that'the council'should take cognizance of this' I *orL-, and appoint a committee to confer with the Britislh iandForeigsr-BibleSociety; As he hadreceived books and 'tractS in evesyangtaage from England, from privatefanilies 7and societies, whieh had distributed in Turkey, to"whnm 'hehad'neverbeenin apbsitiontowriteaword of.thanks, bhe now took tie liberty of doing so.' The rev. doctec proceeded to 'remark on the subject of missions, and said ithat the more missions were extended at home the grcater'would be' the reflex from abroad.IHe thought the 'alliance shouldtske some steps to rech the Bulgarians and Mahomedans, 'H7e sawr no obstacle to it- himlself, and he hoped the council 'wold take the matter intO theiroseroios consideration. 'He :conclndedIhs"address by statingtIat'it wasaproperconEideration for them, in the exercise of that forbearance and brotherly love which ought to Aaimoate Christians, not to interfere in missionary fields . previously occupied by other missionaries.' The concludingn meeting of the session was held in the City-hall in the evening; the Hon. Lord Benholme in th chair. :''" " - ' : The Rev.. Sir H. XocacnnMT. in the 'course of a practical' speech, said that the way to make the alliance of servica was to-make it enPge in practical operations. ' It had risen higher and higher, .as the-yearly reporis' had testified, eTery year of its existence. . Its influenoe had been shown to be great in referenreDto the Sabbath question and in reference to various other points. 'It 'wa no0 attracting the atten, tion of the world, teing npon Governments both in this country a elsh berew e it was now exciting'such an inm tereat as ic lead the King ot Prusi to desire a meeting at Berlin, and toJlead ie caauncil 'ard the conference to ihe onclusion that.there should be a meeting in that city. This wraaone ereatre t as'.das ai erneet of'the succeesa'wicli they' all 'anticipated, It was-only by -prayerand earneet labour, however, that they could hope to gain the object which they a.U dssired -- Thd HQn, idi:'ReY. B^risy NloE made.a powsriu1 ap. pea tothe Chri ian effbct and symnpathy of the, sudlak v.B icson the rpetdte ttmato T Revl. X. Xzurzr,n fromi -erlin, te drse e words to the aLudience, inL the 0oure of wchhe welcooaj thet Conference to B3erlin. w The Rev. Dr. KsRuzexAcuEg rose amid loud applaw[i Hlis.address Was trLuslated by the Ber.- Julin. Cairns;--f Berwick. He aaid,-My expectations of Ihe zassemblydzi4 -Glasgow were high, but they have been largel' s7sad N~o note of dicordahas resounded uigth loe hs days-only a pure echo-of theGseftrtntoue-onily the pure air of love toCrstbahdaouu. d -the Lord is impressed upon the Evangelical Alliance, and lT wfi spiead its reflections faraudwidle. I have seen some'!iAA of that commnunion of the saints which we wrein the habifof exPressing in the Apostlee Creed. There' have not -been Scotchmnen, ~Englishmnen, Xrrenebsnen, and Germans herenot Episcopalian, not Dissenter-nob Roman -Catholic, not -Lutheran-not Reformer; but we have been one in Christ Jesus. It is neoessary, however, that we form onevunbroken. uinitedl phalanx in the sight of our Redeemer. Thqe worids: of the apostle John-" Beloved, it is the last time,"1--ad. 2aits of application to -o-ur own days. Two mighty hi'owe have beeni upon the field of battle, one of whrich annihilste!V spirituality, ancl, in place of the Spirit, plsces some handfu of phosphorus; and, oInIthe other handl; the jpower of Ru.- meuism, which, in the.arrogance of its pretensioKs, lies4 allits force in order toDoverthrow us. The Fope-expressesdj on the day of his coronation, to a c%rdinaF'at his sideZ~ " Takeo the triple crown; know -thou mne king of kIngs and lord of lords and the visible representative of Christ upo' earth." The Romish Church rallies and concentrates'al its force to convert this pretension into' a trnth. B 1etween ourl; .nation aydor own a newpolitical tie is t ~ madie -lritssli 'bVodand Urnlanlood an.pymixtere. On the one sidej energy of purpose, practical- skl and deternmination- - -oin the other side~ dsep refleceion and coutmplation-thid*s -form a happy combmnation. Regard nywrstels and the eagle have received from Go a sublime mission~.-. Unite them, and they are the support, the guardian ang-il .of the 1rotestaut Church. I hope the Princess Royal willt help to attract you~, ancl to make for 'you an early path to5 Germany, and especially to BerIlin -(Choeem) Much that is beautiful. have we seen here, but we are also abls to show yrou something beautiful or our side too. (Cheers,) we have smx celebrate universities; andl obilp in recejit times the truth of the' Gospel'in the hands-of emnienii 3men has completely overcomiethe errors of Rationalismi; Besides, we havre some thous:wnd niinis-ters, who presclz -the pure Gospel of Jesus Christ~ and that a-lone. Tho4 who only teach the Catechism have something li1c a telegraphic. communication between their maindls and their hearers. I rejoice, howe-ver, even in thies case, that the letter of the truth is preserved .BRelsides, we have a6 Xiny~who is not only a great princ-e but the deepest exreon of his heart is inscribed upon hi4 coat of arms-" As frme and m house, we will serve tlid Lord." He is a man of deciedChristianfaith; tdanhi country is aware Lthat he is entirely devote to-the :Evan"e.s licalAlliance. HEe, however, hasfound hecould not esca"pe the infliction of that wordl of Scripture-1" AUl who live ody in Christ Jesus must suffer persecution."1 Nobody, hasdoubted up to this moment, that he bas a heart whicliMakes him the father iof his country. Everybody kmows '1.-i~is matrimonial1 relations are a perfect modeal of~ 41: u-e.tio life. Hence it has been found necessary, inc atttaching his private lIfe, to choose another side, which: is consicLered vulnerable, and that-with deep regret I mnust utter it-even English journals. I take advantagae of this opportunity to declare that the--asparsions thusclirculated are nothing hut infamous calumnies. (Great cheerng.) N~ow, my dearly bloved friends,Imust bidayoizr farewell, It is quite probable that we saU never meeVc again in this world. Yoiuhave anointed imay of us bythez cheof -your kindness and affection even aggainst the, day of our burial,and we kuw whither wego. We are strangeur and pilgrims on this earth. Jerusalem is the homne of ther wanderer, and then, when the time comes, it will be glad.t for us to look- hack uapon this world where we have expe-. rienced so much hospitality. MIy heart remains, with lova and intercessory prayer,- still amnong you, and I hope we. shl l oin in the great Hallelujah' whicbh wil bie sn the Iamb whb has redeemed us with His blood. - mnn.~ (Loud and protracted cheering).- On the mnotion of the Rev. Dr. BROWN, a vote of thanks,' amifd mnuch cheering, was awarded to Mr. Cairns for his. accurate and elegant translatlons.- -Devotional exercises were then enaed in, and the audience, whilch nearmly Wied the hail,brk up shortly ,after 10 o'clocL.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Having read with atention the admirable speech of Lord Stanley at the National Reformatory Union, of which, in regard to its special purpose, no praise can be teta high, I am induced to call your attention to a sma1l portion of it which bears npon another very important subject. On this subject the opinion of Mhe imes has more than once been most usefully pronounced. 7 - Spea3dng of those who are peculiarly the object of re-. f6rmatory treatment, his Lordship adverts to a "class, met 'with both among adults and young persons, in whom the,tendency to commit criminal acts appears to arise rather out of a morbid action of the mind than out of any external uimpelling causes. Even in these less hopeful cases, the morbid tendency often appears to be connectod with the physical organization ," and lie ads, " a grea' deal might. le said toucling the -connerion of some forms of crimirnality with iunnoticed cerebral disease." I venture to estismxte these Iwo passages3 in their ilation to criminal juris-, .prudence; and inthe latter one I readily express my entira agreement w ith his Lo rdsip, as well as a belief that this exculpatory circumstance is in the present day always duly appreciatedL The frst remarek-viz., that the tendency to commit criminall acts appears, in a certainL las, to arise rather out of amorbidaction of the mindthanoLt of any external impelling cause " also involves a gre&t3 truth. But why tho epithet "morbid l" It is nmque3. tionably a law of vicious tendencies and principles oE action that, at the moment at which they are carried into effect, their intensity is quite disproportionate to the c,ternal impelling cause. With respect to the counexion of theaso-c31ed morbid tendency with physical organiation, there is not a passing -thought, or feeling, or tendency oE 'which that cannot be predicated, so intimate is theunion oE mind and matter. Iet the word ",morbid" be introduced' inWo statementseof tho above Idnd, and imamediately a train ofissociations is suggested, such as, in the present state or mphilosophical, thought on the subject, led, s few months ago, to the very mischievous exculpation oE Corrigan, the wife murderer, and Ceestina Sommers, tha childayer. Vice is not less normal, not less a part of humannature, than virtue. It is the legItimato subject or treatment and prevention to the Beformatory Union, and they must not, without stronger reason than the abova quoted passage affords, and it over to the medical facuity. I am, Sir, your obedient sarvant. T. M.: '. Aug. 23.
ZONDON, TZESDAY, AUGOU.T 26, 18:A- *E paxiy clique ancd locality has, of course, its own internal politics aparb from those which it proc'a ms in the face of the nation. Each borough h. its distinguUdchaiCActers, who Lr6 iunknown beyond its limits; each- cst has its celebrities of piety or- oratory, whom, the 'world at lr,ge persists in ignoring. The di8cusaions of the n.urovincial press, their rivalrie' and invectives, axe unheeded beyond their respective districts, though loud and violent enough within their own area.. The minor spheres of debate are quite independent of the great course of national politics, but it is as well now and then to tun to them,' that -we may Bee what subjects are thought worth dispute and argumentwhile the -world advanceiiunheeding on its way. The Conservative party, as represented by its newspapers, is engaged in a discsion which the public in general will care for as little ss the war about a paving-rate, or a new pump in a provincial market-town. Yef, in appearance) it is certainly a grand question. Is there a Conservative party? What are the principles of Conservatism, and what does it propose to conserve? Such is the subject which in this dull and dreary recess engages the faculties of the Tory press. Ten, or even four years since, how anxiously the nation listened to the definitions of a "1true - Conservative policy !" It was to protect agriculture, to uphold Protestantisni, to rescue British industry orom the foreigner, to stem the current of democracy. 'Now nine-tenths of England are hardly aware that the Country Party is debating whether or not their leaders have betrayed them, nay, whether there exists an entity which is capable of being betrayed. So far have all that Lord DEnBy and MIr. DIsRAELI represented passed away from the thoughts of the nation, that the debates of the few who hold to them. are now no more matter of importance than a vestry squabble or an arclusological discussion. The course of the last session has been more than disheartening to those who cling to the old cries and watchwvords of 1852. It cannot be said that the House of Commons rejects the Conservative doctrines, because there is really nothing to reject. The Tories are not only without a policy, but without an intelligible creed. For a party of men to act together and seek office with no other bond of union than having once held in comramon certain exploded notions on finance and politics is felt to be impossible. As little can they find any cohesion in the enunciation of political platitudes to which any member of the House could equally subscribe. Mr. DisT&mm and his followers are determined to support the Constitution, to take no steps against the Church, 'to resist cnange except where it can be proved to be positively advantageous, to k-eep our military and naval establishments in an effective state, yet with. a proper regard to general economy, to uphold the agricultural and manufacturing interests of the country in harmony with each other, as equally necessry to the welfare of this great nation. To truisms like these do the Conservative leaders confine themselves at the present day, and it cannot be wondered that such vague generalities fail to gain adherents, or even to avert suspicion among former followers. All who have borne the burden of party warfare for so many years, the faithful squires and rectors and farmers, must be, no doubt, sorely discouraged at the trumpet giving such an uncertain sound. Their Liberal friends will also tell them what they themselves cannot but begin to feel-that they have no hope from a party success. Let them register and canvass, and speak and write, so as at the next general election to send a Conservative majority to Parliament, and raise their steadfastly followed leaders to power. What will be the result ? A few cheering expressions in a Ministerial address about the Throne, and Protestantisn, and British interests, and then all the new Secretaries and Privy Councillors will go to work to keep themselves in office by becoming more ostentationsly liberal than the Liberals themselves. All that they have opposed for years they will hurriedly and without an apology adopt; all on which they have pertinaciously insisted theywill give up, with the ready excuse that circumstances have changed, or the time has come for a reconsideration of former views. We cannot wonder that, with these things patent to the world, we should have Tory newspapers lamenting "the present weakened and distracted state of the "Conservative party., As far as we can understand the reasoning of this portion of the press, the first difficulty is to prove the existence of a Conservative party at all. This is indeed a very elaborate inductive proceES. Conservative doctrines must evidently be such as are held by Conservatives, and not by Liberals. But no specific article of faith can be found which is not equally shared in by three-fourths of the Liberals in the Idngdom. It is therefore necessary to abandon this ground. It is next urged that Conservative doctrines are such as all Conservatives hold. But then itis proved that there are Conservatives, not to be disowned by the party, who openly in their speeches repudiate everything which is a distinctive badge of Lord DaRay's followers, and rush into extremes of liberality from which moderate Whigs would shrink. If the present Government be Liberals, -what are men of the opinions of Lord Srhsxy? If he be a Conservative,vwhat can we call the colleagues of Lord PATZiERSTON ? It is therefore necessary once more to change ground, and the existence of a Conservative party is demonstrated somewhat on the principle, CogiUo, ergo sum. There is a party in office which is called ILiberal. There is also another Earty in opposition. To oppose the Liberals must be Conservative. Therefore the present Opposition forms a Conservative party. The fact that such a discussion should take place among the organs of the party, while its leaders are silent and the public uninterested, plainly shows how iar the body of politicians led by iord DannBy and Mr. Disnanr have fallen in the national esteem. They represent nothing, and are nothing, except a cerain number of voters in either Eouse, who can obstract and embarras, but seem powerless to lead or originate. What. reality there is in their creed may be leaint from the fact that -they are still debating about the character of Sir ROBsBT ?xr_i and the morality of his acts in 1829 and 1846. What discipline there is in their forces may be judged from the contradictions of their leading politicians and the dissensions of their few remaining organs in the press; what policy in their- tactics is evinced by such an. onslaught as the motioni on Kars, hich resulted in one-half the party violently combating the arguments of the other half, and giving the Ministry a majority unequalled in these days of weak Governments and independent opinions. But 'we would not see the Conservative party totally extinct. Indeed, it is to be regretted that its perversity and the insincerity of its leaders have so lowered its position. A set of politicians are in sad case when the word " Opposition!' is the only generic term which embraces them. New combinations will, no- doubt, take away many Imembers from the Conservative ranks, and perhaps reinforce them with one or two who are now st;yled Liberals. Bit, whatever may be in the future, it is plain that. the party must have a' principle and a policy before it can again become powerful and respected. Let Lord DERBy and his followers mak;e up their miinds to do something, to. state some decided opinions, and take- in hand the achievement of some definite object, instead of' wearying the public by maintaning a mere obetructi,ve attitude, and enunciating from ti1e to tiiae vague and insincere generalities. I
While the natioi is so heartily bending itself to the task of reforning those of'ita priminals who are capable of. reformation, it cannot afford to forget the duty of detecting and prosecuting crime. 'There is danger in all reactions, alld just now there. seems to be setting in a reaction against the penal character of. prosecutions. But, withou't entering on the comparative anatomy of the penal and reformatory systems, -it is wise to remember that neither- can have its due effect unless, in the first instance, the commission of crime be follo-wed by speedy detection and judicial investigation; and it is- the intereat of every community to organize the most effectual machinery it can command for the discovery of those members who have been casually or habitually engaged- in breaking its laws and damaging its interasts. You maust catch your crminal before you can either punish or reform him. We have stated our opinion to be in favour of public prosecutors. Mr. GREAVES, in the able Parliamentary paper to vihich we have aready referred, opposes their institution, but we cannot help thinking thafhis objection is one of phrases rather than substance. Wlhatever be the ultimate form of the institution adopt, we trust that -it will be niore stamped vith official authority and publicity than the present system; and, whether one officer or more be invested with the duties of public prosecution-whether a prosecutor be appointea for a district or for a county-we hope that something will be done to insure the-ttentiou of one directing mind for the conduct of criminal prosecutions within such an area as would not overtax the energies of one person. At present the A?rosuNzy-G&asMAL is nominaLly the public prosecutor for all England, and it would be absurd to suppose that he can be more than nominaUy so. It is only fircases of more than ordinary moment that he can be expected personally to take part as the State prosecutor of offenders, But in many cases where he cannot attend in court he can and does .give the Gxovernment the benefit of lis advice. It is the fault of the present system that he does not do so, either personally or by deputy, in all cases. As it is, and as Mir. GnBxvzs illustrates by some striking examples, it is too often a matter of chance, compromise, collusion, indifference, or zeal, whether a heinous crime is brought to the cognizance of a Court or not. This should not be so. The most fatal encouragement to crime is the uncertainty of its detection. Eradicate from your criminal population the belief that they have a large percentage of chances in favour of impunity, and you will strike at the root of their profession. Do not leave it to ignorance, or laziness, or corruption, or self-interest, to decide whether any investigation shall or shall not be made into the circumstances of suspected murder or deliberate outrage. Itemove from the injured those impediments to public justice which the necessity of encountering great trouble or great expense now imposes upon them. Do this by some process whieh may bring criminal prosecutions more under the immediate direction of the Sovereign power than they hitherto have been. Mr. GRnAvxs suggests several objections to the establishment either of distriet attorneys, such as are employed in some of the American States, or of public prosecutors, such as are recommended by the recent committee. He objects, first, that where an attorney selected by the prosecutor has properly prepared the case, there is no excuse for retaining a public attorney or prosecutor. But the very facts which Mr. GBxAvES has already mentioned, and which we have quoted, lead to the conclusion that there are many cases which, are not properly prepared by the attorneys; and 'that-, to insure a successful trial, many indictments should either have been put into the hands of some publie prosecutor, to advise on and carry through, &c., or should have -been submitted to some experienced and recoganized official attorney, before handing them over to counsel. In howv many cases is not evidence imperfectly collected or improperly acted on? Mr. GREAVES next starts the objection that at present prosecutions are conducted by the rising men on every circuit, who look to this kind of business as the most favourable introduction to professional employment, and therefore devote themselves sedulously toit; whereas a public prosecutor would probably be a fixture, hopeless of promotion and heedless of his duties. We cannot admit this objection to be valid. Supposing a public prosecutor to be appointed for every district, his duty would be to exercise- a general superintendeuce over prosecutions, to decide which of them should be brought into court, what evidence should be offered, &c. The most important of these he would himself conduct in person, but a great number his want of ubiquity or of strength, and the concurrent action of two Courts, would compel him to delegate to other members of the bar, who would find the same area and feel the same stimulus for exertion as they do under the present system. Nor do we believe that the public prosecutor himself would necessarily be lulled into careless lethargy by the nature of his duties. If not already the leader of his sessions, he would in most cases be a man very near tne lead.; he would be in the prime of life ; he wouldfeel the ordiuary incentives which inspire a man who has already attained a certain point in his career ; and he would naturally wish to advance in the good opinion of the public. Every man at the bar engaged in criminal cases looks forward to civil business, and there are certain kinds of civil business which are best conducted by a man who has been successful in managing criminal prosecutions. The third objection which Dr. GEA.vEs starts,-viz., that firsrate counsel would never accept the office,-seems equally futile. What is meant by " first-rate I' If a man were generally employed who possessed the- verage-talentu&experience of even the second-das practitioners at assizes and sessions it would be sufficient; and the faculty:of retaining the assistace of first-rate men when necessary would be as open to the pros6cuting as the defending party. Neither do we see howa the appointment of such an officer would tend to discourage the study -of the- criminal law. If to the office Were attached aji adequate -emolument we may rest assured that it 'would. attract the attention of the most experienced aspirants on thecircuit; and it is not necessary to presuppose a large amount of salary. The opportunity of distinction and the prospect of civil business which it 'would open to any man wsho brought industry, experience, and skdll to bear upon the performance of its duties, would constitute half of its rewards, and we are inclined to thinik that the public would gain, were the appointment regarded by professional men rather as a stepping-ztone to future promotion than as -a esting-place for life. Look0ing, then, to th competition w .hich there would be 'or such an appointment, no less than the competition which it would excite among those desirous of a-sisting in the conduct of prosecu- tions,-looking also to t'he practice which prevails in Scotland and in our own colonies, and alo (on: certain occasions) in our Central Crimnimal Courtwe think that the bar would not siuffer, nnd the public woula gain vastly, by the public prose- cution of ofenders. It may, indeed, be that it is not so muchl an: offlcer to undertake prosecutions in court that is wanted as one to plan and prepare them for the hands of counsel. We 9urseives. agree * lrth MxE.'x.vxEs in thinkting thit it~iz:the direction .of some superintendinigintelligence which is msbt required for the selection and arrangement of cases. Whether the ame' officer shouldz give his opinion on, charges brought before the trates or arising from 'coroners' .mqueets, and afterwards bring- them :(personally or with 'the assistance of others) before the Judge at assizes, er whethOr an attorney should be appoited for their prelinary management, with the option of retaining 3ny oounsel he chose, is a question of detail, which can best be decided by two or three of our best criminal Sudges and two or three of our best Chairmen of Quarter Sessions. Mr. GBArVEs seemstof ndfault with both suggestions; but his own statement.of existing evils iS, quite sufficient to prove that one. or other of them must be adopted, unle we wish to leave the prosecution of crime in remote districts entirely- to the caprice of a busy attorney or the judggment of aii energetic but illiterate police. man.
ln the town of Bolton there are three very evil icustoms. The first custom is, that husbands 'get |Idrunk; the second, that wives administer to them when in this state, without their knowledge, powders of tartarized antiuony ; the third, that hybrid druggists-that ' is, shopkeepers, half druggists, half grocers-sell theso powders to all applieants under the name of "q tidumes." In other-words, the husband gets drunk, the druggist sells poison, the wife purchases it, and slays her husband. Now, it wo-ald be far too m3uch to say that under ordinary circumstances the wife deliberately intends to taL-e her husband's life. Brutal I ignorance and the force of example have far more to do with this result than malignity and set purpose. The consequencea are not the Iess fatal. " Quietness" is secured at the price of existence. The drunken fit of life is over, and the wretched man sleeps peaeefully at last in his uiihonoured grave. Now, this is a very terxible state of things. It is right that drunkards shouldbe reformed, but it is wrong that wives should be empowered to award against them the sentence of death as a punishment for their offence. It is a great reproach against our police regulations that such a thing is possible as the purchas- of drugs which can destroy life, even when administered in serial doses. The slibject, no doubt, including, as it does, the whole chapter of quack medicines, is encompassed with difficulties ; but these arenot of a nature which might not readilybe overcome wVith.a little attention and determination. Probably, the best resource in the existing state of the law would be to put it stringently in force against the vendor of poisonous drugs. " I think it right to state," said Mr. JusticeWixs on Saturday at Lverpool, "that "if any persons engaged in the sale of drugs "choose to sell to married women poisonous druag "without the knowledge of their husbands, and "well knowing that they are intended to be "administered to their husbands, no matter for "what purpose, and death ensues, all persons so "acting are equally guilty of manslaughter." It is almost superfluous to state that the criminal liability of the druggist is not in any degree affected by the conjugal position of the parties. Whether the poison be sold to vife or husband, father or mother, daughter or son, to A or to B, mnatters not, under the conditions expressed by the learned Judge; the vendor of the poison is liable to indictment. We should not be sorry to see the effect of one exhibited on the druggist who figured in the case tried on Friday and Saturday of last week at Liverpool. The case, in brief, stood somewhat as follows:- BETsy ArNMluLAr was indicted for the wilful murder of DANMEL ?&VMUra, her husband, at Bolton, by poisoning him witn small doses of antimony. The deceased was a flourdealer. He and his wife appear .to have lived on very bad terms. They viere both drunl-ards, and, if the glimpse we get at the interior of their household may be accepted as true for other establishmnents of the same kind, the family arrangements of petty tradesmen in our provincial towns are not in a very satisfactory condition. Sometimes the husband was drank-sometimes the wife, but when the husband was drunk the fit was usually of three days' duration. Other causes, however, appear to have been at work besides drunken frenzy. The husband, strange as it may appear, was jealous of his wife, and some man, who in the proceedings is called "PrETrm," disturbed his tranquillity in the intervals of his drunken fits. This being the state of things, BxrTsY ArMuLLAn went to the shop of a druggist at Bolton called Srersox, and askled for some "quietness," or " quietners ;" the terms appear to be indifferently used. "QuietCC ness" means a powder of antimony and cream of tartar. It is sold at Bolton for the purpose of- being given to drunken men. It makes them siclk, and induces great prostration of strength. "The powders," said Ir. SzaPsoif, the druggist, "are used by factory operatives to "clear cotton from their stomachs. I don't re"member ever to have seen a man come for these "powders. We alwsys tell purchasers to divide "each powder into four doses. We sell about five "every week." The fact is, that men are not the purchasers, but women, and they procure them to sicken their husbands of drunkenness, or to relieve them from the effects of it, as the case may be. Be tnis, however, as it may, B yrsv M'ra.A seems to have been a constant purchaser ; she mixed the " quietness" with her husband's broth -with the gravy of his meat-with the mess prepared for his supper-in short, with whatever he ate or whatever he drank. At last the suspidons of the servant girl who waited in the house were excited, and one night, when her mistress was beastly drunlk, she took some of the ",quietness!' poxder from her pocket, and this, after passing through the hands of two or more young women, -was inally handed to the doctr for examination. Not only did B=rsir M31=" for- a considerable, eperiod- continue to mix the powder with her husband's food, but even wahen he lay in his last illiess, - and a few days before hisdeath,shetamperedlwithhismxedicine. Shewas seen by the servant girl to put :somie white powder into a glass cup, snd&to put a little water into it. She then Dut this water into a bottle of medicime, intended -for -her husband's use, and Bhook it u Having done this, she poured out some of the medicine into the cipl and walked up stairs into the room in which her husband was lying onhis -deathbed. She came downstairs presently. witW the cup-empty. As the learned counsel for the defence did- not attempt to disputer the fact that the death-of the- deceased was caused. by antimony, it would be idle to waste words upoa the medical evidence. The only question is, was 'the wretched woman aware that she was poisoning her husband? Did she deliberately intend to shorten his life, or was she simply messing and tampering with quack inedicines, as ignorant people. will do?! 'pon the whole evidence the jury came to the conclusion that a verdicL of "c Manslaughter" would uatisfy the justice of the case, although, for the satisfaction of their consciences, -they accompanied this ve!dict with the reark that they had " taken a very " merciful view of the cme." We will not, in a case in which it is possible to idmit doubt, impugil the decision at which. these -gentlemen arived, although we think most persons wlho read the evidence will be of the same -opinion with the jury themselves-naamely, that they~ took a mercifil -a very- merciful-vievr of the cas - There may, however, have- jleen something in the de- ra our of. Jhe witnesies, or of :the wret*d cxeFture heref whlich wecannot sgpiwei., e :'Whatever nshaebeenthepiaoisataime as te tshe effect of this: 'quietness" powder- at the outset of her~ asgsaults upon her huibnhd'a life-. dcnifiLeeii -dbeottba beast- as she WKaa_1e maust have marked the effect they produced upon him, not once, but constantly s-dand throuhout a long period of. tiine, The_nman wa rendered xick, his strenagt was prostrated, and a train of distressing symptoms invarialiy followed on the repetition of the dofs. -'Why, then, uSles there existed the intention to, destroy life, should the-systemiiave been continued; and that, too when the dying man was.'in the hands of cmpetent medical attendants.? This3was not th6 case of a person.who;unable-to obtain advice, is driven to act 'upon his or her own'uresonsibility. The woman must have -been convinced even to fanaticism of the value of her panaceasif she ventured tointroduceit-with a goodintent-kntothe medicines prescribed by the doctors; and without their privity or lmowledge. Sueh consideratios as thews must present themselves to the miid of the mare reader who -is compelled to arrive at his decision from the report alone, but the jury may-have seen cauise for miodifying the *ell-nigh irresistible force of the evidence as- printed.. 'So we leave the individual case; but it is -impossible not to feel tho -gravest alarm -when we mark'the repetition of offences such as these. A few days back we reported the trial of a woman who was indicted for endeavouring to murder her husband by mean4 of arsenic. The woman was acquitted, although the case was one of the gravest suspicion. She | procured the arsenic, which her husband cer- I tainly swallowed, whether she intenied bis death - or not, from a wretched shopboy, vho handed it to her as complacently as though it had been 3 pound of figs. Here again we have the case of a woman who is able to procure a poisonous drug, with which she absolutely kills her husband, whether designedly or not again we will not say; but she procures it as readily as starch or sago. The point is one which should receive the instant and most anxious consideration of the Houn SECanrARY.
Very seldom does a dinner excite so mlch feeling as did the war feast yesterday with the Guards. Almost all dinners are prosaic-almost all public dinners are dull. It would be folly .,ua the most glaring ainachronsm in one of our poets to attempt the description of a modern banquet; Hounn might do it, but for usu the thing is absurd. The banquet given yesterday to the Guards, however, was connected vith such -thrilling assocations as completely severed it from that sense of the ludicrous which necessarily belongs to every modern repast. For one maomenat the clatter of lnives and forks, and the exertions of 2,000 gallant fellows, who, " greatly daring"dined,1 created a passing smile. It was only for a moment; the music which immediately struck up suggested thoughts which made many a stout heart swell, partly with triumph, and partly-even in that joyous hour-vith grief. 'Who did nof feel that this was but the merry sequel to far different scenes, and that the treat provided for our soldiers was a happy memento of hunger and thirst, cold and fatigue, and pain, endured for old England far away amid the din of war ? As ever and anon some martial strain was heard, or some plaintive ditty that recaled all the sweetness of home, his must have beern a barren imagination who did not think of these men at very different feasts-plucling the vintage on the slopes of the Alma, hurrying on the dar3; November morning, without food, to the heights of Inlkermann, and enduring the long agony of those months when they ate -their small portion of food half raw, and it seemed as if they were forgotten by their friends at home. It is not often that one can witness a dinner digniied by associations- such as these. Such a sight never has been seen in London, and although littlewas spoken-farless thanis usual at public dinners-perhaps on that very account all the more was felt. It is by a welcome of this kind that we can best repay our soldiers for the past and inspire them for the future. In all the writings of Lord :BAcOe there is not a more true remarL than one whieh he make3 'with regard to the habits of mnilitary men, and which he accounts for by saying, " Perils " commonly ask to be paid in pleasures." Money and promotion are not alone enough; it is in such a joyous welcome as that - of yesterday that our troops are best taught how highly their achievements are prized, and how truly those who sympathized in their privations can share their rejoicing.
THE RESIiRIOXS AT CHRIST CHURCIE COATEDRAL, OsiO0D.-The restorations and alterations at Christ Church Cathedral, which, as we have before sUtatd are being effected by Messrs. L andW. Fisher, builders, of this city, from the designs of Mr. J. Billing, architect, of Abindlon-street, Westminster, are proressing very rapidly, and hold out eeyposethat whe2n coplet-ed the cathedral will,-for architeta ineetad historical associations, although not for size, bear comparison withany ether i t.he lingdo. The architectural beauties of the edifiae, and antestingtgeaAtiofs eiof architetnol sc or embrace o more extended period of existence. The architect now engaged nion ithas shown the most consunmate skill and judgient in his re-arrangement of the interior and in the development of its chief beauties and most striking points. We have so recently detailed the nature of the restorations and alterations that it is unnecessary to recapitulf ethem, but every visit to the works impresses as with an in,x3ssed Eense of their alue andnadvantages. It is noless gratifying to fnd that, in addition to maling the cathedral worthy of its name, and giving increased effect to its services, the present Dean, Dr. liddell in that spirit of progress which has evez been his characteristic, aims at putting Christ Church Cathedral, as far as is practicable, on the same footing as other cathedrals with regard to the public, 'who wi for the futoreenjoy the same facilities of Wttending its services as are now possesse in otber cathedral towns. The north transept, immediately opposite tothe oan, is to be -devoteds 'to the publi, and is t be fittedup-with seats which will acconsmodate at lcast 30 persons. The edifice being .not ony a cathedral but a colleg cshapd, it has been found necessary to modify the new. arrasiemoent to suitboth these characteristi The college sericeR take plaCe at8 0'c10ck Sn the morrinz,and.ata quarter-past 9 in the evening, and these are coned exclusively to memDers and others connected with the College. The cathedral servioes take place at 10 oelockin.the morning and 4 in the afternoo6n and these are open to the public. The present Dean takes, as migutbe expected from him, the atmost interestin the works which, through luis mnstimentality, are now-bei6g carried, out; .and&he giyes the best illusia tion of it by personally overlooking them, spending hour after- hour in wstching their progress, encouraging those 'who are e,ployed Upou them, and in the moat affle and painstn "mnaner p_olntihg -iit to strangers and others who visit .'the cathedral, as 'we ourseLves can testify, the nature of the alterations and the-purposes for which they'bave been; undertaben. IDurmng the prokreas of the work, on Tueslay1ast,another arroophagusorstone ooffin was discovered between them second and third colun-nini on the north side of the cioir, and almost: on a level with the gr,ound,; formingi: probably; at 'one tnme, a part of the paing, as the lid is richly sculp redwith a long cross and Meoftheraments., - On removing th6 lid, 'which. appeared to be of the 12th or 13th'cent, all that were found werere - mains Perfectly dec p= , a poXiox of ia shoe, rennants of the bural dress, -and- one hone-but no skull in the coffin were-ualso- found a-pewter chalioe and patin, a fact which Ieads- is-to -the- belief tht the remains were those of som6e.abbot orprior.who held some high position 'to entitle hiutSo 'be interreli imsoiuip' orktt apart of the cathedriL OThis a i cofl;n, as well as the one which wag disiccrered a fewr weekzs igo iu a oori nd ing position on the south aide of the choir, hasV beenowe soremainin its origincl resing place. ~ The offl0is formed of ainle block of stone, holJlowe out to ecive thebdy with asmallcirculareacivty at one end toIittehe an is' wider xtthss end than-at thevother.: Tbereisno" about it to denote whose remain were i n'rin- it t the spot in whioI it was found, and the oruamental cp nguisbd ec lsiast a by , ag. 'Ce offin is -sgtin covere but the ldh bcen preservd wit a vi'roftraciek hy means of the ltured ' w t itsfantiquiPy adte.TccIzon' OfbedJmss-sn1. - r}sFn:aixN .-. The --Arbhbicliop > of ' ork lia - colAted -the v dwaid Tms , M ,to e T, aige of'Rudston. 'nea:= Bndintn . .
A HINT POR NB. LSBOUCHEPX.E. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE T,MES. Sir.-During a -riit to the island of Heigolaxid, -Wbieh I made this summer from Hamburg, m-m~ative visor, I found to the public without any MtLemjat secrecy.- Wouldxmuch aproceeding be xwed.inllnglin4; a; if not, is it cofsstnt in the ritiEh Govemm ens t to suffer s an establisment to be carriedl onL atHeioad good example; in Hafersmall h rinumber of we tho6 SIARMI imShtittonS. AMl tolerited fFom mire Asnited fs t canot be atCuean, ane of e iver waterig byno teansequ tho te ousswan dtomtiaon c a pubtic ofr pobodtieaml tre N.es satai isiutrons still 2 oe3 edfo mr:p.u
THE ADULTERATION OF DRUGS. TO THE EDITOR OF TE. TIME. Sir,-I trst you will do me the favour to inwert the fol' low ngobservationsmpon your reniarkh upon, my evidanee before the Adulteration Committee. I am made to pay " that one-lIsl the opium offered for sale in this country is adulterated," whereas the question put to me (and mT answer to it) was as to what proportion of the opium im ported was adulterated? Now, as notone-third of the opium imported comes into home ronsigption, there need not of necessity be any wbatever but genuine offered. for sale; the quantity imported varying from 1,000 to 1,500 chests per annum, and the quantity entered for home consumption never exceeding 400 chests. Again, my answer to Lord Claud alnilton's second question was not in-theaffimative, but in the negative, and was in these words, as can be seen in the reported evi. dence:-"It is not ourbusiness to import,butwe are driverx to import goods ourselves because we cannot obtain supplies from the merchants " the inference from which isj that with goods imported by a deaer there is a greatercertainty of procuring a genuine artile, because, if otherwise, he has. the power of Tejectingit on arrival. I am. Sir vour obedient servant. JAMES DREW. I .su1-azne, Aug. '5.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer aclnowledges the receipt of 10N. for unpaid income-ina, frost EXTNsI V SI POBBSIY OF PLATE AT Sr. JA3sS'S I?ALACZ-Anotber of those peculiar and mysterious rob. beries which have been so frequent in the metropolis bas taken place at the town residence of her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, St. James's Palace. From the manner in which it was accomplished there is little doubt that it must have been committed by members of a practised gang. The PRoyal residence has been undergoing -ery extensve repairs,- and a great mmay workmen have been employed. One of the domestics, having occasion to go to the butler's pantry, found the key missing. Every search was made, but eventually the door was broken open, when it was discovered that the plate-chesthad been ransacked, and plate to the vanlue of some hundreda of pounds carried away, Although every means have been adopted by the detective officers to recover. the property, up to the present time not the slightest tracabaa been discovered of it. The articles stolen are all markl with the crest of a Royal ducal coronet.-Wobe. REPORT OF mx DEI ARTrm oZ S=NE Az,-D AnT.-A blue book of 300 pages contains the third reportof the Department of Science and Art, addressed to the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, &c., by their seeretary, 3M. L_yon Pla-fair. From a summary of the details adduced it apnearsihat the museums and libraries of tire department continneto be ian effective state, and have been visited by3Sl,000 persons, being an increase of S6per cent, above The numbers of the previous lear. This increase is chiefly due to the new sirculating museu of ornamental art, -which has been visited b;y i55701 persons in the provinces, and to thesuccesa which has attended the new arrangements made by The depatment in regai& to the Museum of Natural Historgin Edinburgh, resulting in a increase of the tisitors from the old average ofS00toacovo 100,OO. There has been a considerable diminution inthe attendance on the museums of London from the state of affairs. The Dublin Botanical Gardens have been visited by above 30,000 persons, aud the Zoological Gardens by 133,000. The exidibitions of the department have been visited by. 72,000 persons. The geologicd surveys in Great Britain and' Ireland andtheMini g Record-office continue to be carried' on -with increased activit, and have made during the past ,vesr reports to the Government on various geological sub. jectsof importance to this country and the colonies. The schools of arthavebeen attended by nearly 12,000 pupils. The number of children taught drawing in public schools, through the agency of the masters of art schooL5 amounts to1S,9J88; butthisis not sufflcient to meet the wants of the p'b'.ic, and newi measures ;are being devsed.to give in. - creased developmentto elementary art instruction. Instructioninaratasibeen given to 2,1S1 teachers,nnd the resultar of their exraminations have been more satisfactory than in preceding years. The schools of science, the'worldng men's lectu res m London, and the provincial lectures in Ireland have been attende by 10,000 persons. That valuable in. stitution, the Metropolitan School of Science, applied to mining and the arts, continues to flourish, The sPs, tematic courses during the year included 100 lectUr6 -on chymistry, by Professor Rofraun; 48 on physics, -by Professor Stokes; 60 on metlurgy, bytDr. Percy; 40 on mineralo'y, and 60 on minig, by Profesor Smyth; 30 on geology, ty Professor RanRay- 50 oI natural history, anc., by Professor Huxley;* and 36 on applied mechanics, by Pro-. fessor Willis. Thirty matriculatedl and 56^ general students attended the course of 1855-56. The increase of the Istter is very gratifying. A n evening course of leclures for school. masters has been given during the past year by MEr. Huxley, the Professor of Natural :History, &ic., and a course of chymistry byDr. Hofmnn Lectures toworking men have been given in natural philosophy, chymisty, metals, and mining, the attendance on which has been only limited by the size of the lecture-room. The chymical and metallurIcal laboratories, under the superintendence of Doctors sofmnan andPercy, have been in full operation, and respectively attended by 100 and 27 nupils. Dr. Percyhas now in the press an elaborate inquiry on the composition of the iron ores of England; and he has isade an elaborate campanalogical inquiry, with a view to ascertain the best composition for the great bell of the New Piae at West. minster. Dr. Hofmann has made severa valuable reports. The Museum of Practical Geology has been usefully emnploed in aiding the authorities on questions of importance both at home and in the rolonies. ribute is borne to the increasing 'sefDuleas of other collsteral institutions, MuriDER Y? LTvimpooL.-A man named Wilian Ray, formerly one of the police-offioers of the town, hasfor some time past been lodging at a house in Bond-street, Vauxhall-road, with an abandoned woman, named Emily 3Ason, both of them livinzupon tefrits ofher diacefuJ traffic. On Saturday niist tey quarrelled, but wads smdmibt a reconciliation was uenteEd, and &ju of ale Ws fetched in by the woman They again quarrelled ever £he liquor, and Ray struck her. llis penknife, writh whichk he had been cutting cavendish1 tobaco,open apoc the table, and ibe thateDed that if he struckc her againahife would "stick" him. He dealt' her another blow, 'when she immediately snatchediup th knife and plurged the blade in his breast, producing a wound abouttwoinches leep under the left nipple; in the xegion'of the heart He rose from the table and went into an upper room, occuoji'A by the maser of the hoasa, i man named Deify. "beha y " hesaid, "I dorne ou "What's the mattert" id Dexo. "Oh~ t's my toe," e¢lied Ray. Dufet-to him, anda pvercervin; blood triddigfroenunder lhis trousers he oxaniled him and found the wund in the breat Tis wa all The wvork of a. fewr moments. ThBe womn came into the roomnat tblsjunature, and Ra sbeoichkerbythMe had, andsaid, "I forgive you."- ie- then fell back and expired.L Subsequently the woman gave heraef up to polioo-oloer 112 (Doad ), to whom he gave theO kife With Wicnh she hd sabbed th dooeue-Vv 1ooi A.lbkn. [An in. quest on the bedyw ill be held to-da (Tuesy). Xeaer. slay the prisoner ws commaitted for tra, oun acharge of wilful murder, by the atipedias aT.] -IlTax or-SrrrmlscxA.-Tho Lord-Advocate, owring to the use of this poison by ganekepes for the def ttion of vermin, has given instractiona t it shall be made 3mown as publicly as pcaible tha ay one paing or other poison within the reach of ie pulic, or it without such precautions as arensedfl *to prevet iniusy, 'Uilbe held aspoamible for t'he ee.nque_o, and that UIdeath or injuy to }ealth is the reult the pasty offeadingwilbe liable to be prosecuted crimisly. v.- Sheriff Sir A. Alison has posted thoughoul. the county of la}}k a notioe intimatingthat as everal casualties hich hav ree4 ty occurred are supposed to hayve been oeccioned from the useof strychnia by gaeLkepek and othes for the detCOAQ6on of Termin, any one placig try o: otbhr poiaost within f the reac of thepublic, or uAne it withOt tlte pPMcations necesaryto prevent the psbility of inju,- :s rsjonaible for tle consequene o at ACset; as death or injury to health result therefrom, ths - puoa who Jim so uim the pison will be liae to ho pr_essew,d , ehn}i. nll'. Similar prooesanitions havY e be. imued by thei iberdE ofother oonunties-&ot.as--i A fiieg-troke oit laottight aot 8 o'doer, 3, rack of buldip djoiiing tbe frry, near 'Dowacni' daock, at Limehonse.- It was of an aarwiig eharete, andws not eotirely extiavin^Aed *t midnight. The firen-edn poto. exerted'the6ns eto the utmoat6 and no liv were-,
A?4EI IcAI.. 0 . .- LIVERPOOiL, Auo, 25.- The 3RoY1 mail ipsteamship Arabia, Stone, commndgerg arrivedhere this afternoon from Boston and Hcha, withadvieesfromn 1w York to the 13thinst. She bings 78 passengers and 0503,333 ir specie on Eight. OnleavingBostontheArabia,heaving struck Upoiiarok,retuzn?ot to that,port. Onthec18th inst., n 1st. 46 2K., long. 5232W., the :Arabiaexchanged als with the shiip Joham. On the 24th inst., a+. S a.m, mn iat. 51.1 N{., long. 1 w30 ., pa-sed the French ship Perseverance, Steering east; at 7 a.m., passed a smnall vessel, bottom up, apparently Come time in the water; and at I .m., passed the Royal mail steas 'p Persia, hence. The United States' mail steamship Arago had arived at Newr York, andc the Royal mail steam- Canada ae Halifax, on the Ilth inst. The foliowing is the letter of -our NIew York correspondent, dated August 12:- "The health of this city engrosses more of the attention of those who are obliged to remain in it uncder the August suns than any of the publie matters of the natiorn If you exaxmne the daily journals of New Yorl;, you will see how the mysteAiouz diease which hovers in the harbour below is watched with alternate fear oiid hope. 120 sail me now in quarantiub', many with the yellow fever on board. The disease has travelled outsidelthe walls of the hospital into the village at its gates, and the inhabitants, imitating those of San Franclsoo; havr organized a vigilance committee of Eafety,- and barricaded the gate to interdict all cormm unication with the village, and with the crowded ferry which carries thoand to and from New YoAk from the very door of the hospital. The Kuxtherly breeze which blowvs in nightly from the. oean, and is generally welcomed as a restorer of vigour to wasted frames, this year passing ovre± the anfeted vessels has carried the poison to the neighbouring shore of Long Island. The troops stationed withia the fort have suffered severely, and more than one of the inhabitants of the beautiful vilas which line the shore have falen victims. Thus far the city of New York has been substantially free. The few deaths that have taken place here have been directly Itraceable to contact -with thae infected shipping. But how long can this last, with the disease so near this great population, as crowded, lving in as miserablo tenements, and as muoh from hand to mouth ms any part of the similar population of London ? The medical officers at quarantine profess to believe that the danger is passing away; that the vessels ariving with disease on board are fewer and fewer; and that the local cases are decreasing. I hope this may prove to be true, for I cannot conceive. of anything more dreadful than the introduction smong the poor population of this great city of a violent pestilence with which al the local physicians are unacquainted. Its effect upon the commerce of the port also, and through that upon English interests, cnnot beover-estimated. Should it come, it would seem, from the laws that have hithierto governed it, that it must make its appeariform in the course of the next fortnight or threa wee;s, and tvhen will run itself out in the course of six weeks. We earnestly hope that the vigorous measures which arc now adopted will keep it away altogether. "Congress are busily engaged, and from present appearances will be ready to adjourn by tho 18th, the day named in the joint resolution. There will be a disagreement about the appropriations. and, from presentappearances, the whole army appropriation will fail, and each party will go to the country charging it on the other, and using it for electioneering purposea. There was at one time (and still is with many in the House, where the Republicans are in the majority) a disposition to stop all the supplies unless the United States' troops are withdrawn fromn Kansas, and the Legislature wvhich the Misourians forced upon the territory is disavowed. But I think wser counsels will prevail, and that the only appropriation which will fai wMil be the Army Bill, for which the Senate will be responsible. The bill (originated in the House) will provide for the payment of the whole mrmy, prohibiting payment for services in Kansas. The Senate will proebably insist on striking out the prohibitory clause, anld thus, unless partytactics are catnged during the week, the anny will have to go unpaid till nexrt winter. " We have had a newF Cuba canard started from Washington-that the Emperor Napoleon wishes to buy it, and-that England nowv desires Spain to sell it to the1.ated States. lThe Frenchiiinister at Washing4on-:hss considered it of sufficient consequence to deny the story (in conversation), saying that France has no desire or intention to get possession of Cuba, and that no steps have been taken to that effect. " The opminon is gaining ground at Washington among the Republican members that Fremont will be elected. The aspect of the first election does not indicate much hope for the friends of Mr. Filhmore. KEentucksy, wfhich was a Know-nothing strong,hold, lies gone for the.I)emaerucy; and North Carolina, an O)ld lVhlg State, has done the same. The Southern Fillmore members of Cong,ress a;re gradually coming in to the support of Mr. Buchanan, recognizin, the danger of Fremont's election and the lecessity of united action against him. The " old 'lir 'Whigs" are making an effort to revive the g~7host of that zspectable, party; but all the present indications are that3the contest will be substantially rconfinedto 33uchananand Fremont. I have several times given you my views as to the probabilities, andmyreasons forthem. Theunexpectedly strong vote which the ROepuAreans received at Iowa, the election of a Republican to the next Congress from the Slave State of Mi3souri, and the enthusiasm which animates the Republican party throughout the north-west has led many well-informed persons in Washington to look for the election of B'remont. The fear of this has actually had aim effect upon the value of real estate in Waahington, abisurd as it may seem. In the eyes of Southern propertyholders the election of a President, pledged to the restriction of slavery, from Kansas, and to hostility to Fillibusterism, portends disunion and destruction to their property. I need not say that no such consequences need be feared. There would be some storming, bat the South would very soon find that it has control of the Senate with a voice upon the appointments; and the country would probably jog on more harmoniouily than 'it baa ifor many a year. Filibustering and slve extension would be put an end to, and stealing (either territory or men) would kecome unpro£itable. "Instructions have gone outto Mr. Dallas to neotiate for thte settlement of the Central American question aubstantially on the basis advocated by The Times long since-the cession of Itnatan to Hondurm, the extinguishment of the sovereignty . of the Mosquitoes, and the establishment of Greytown as a free port. It is to be hoped that this vexatious question will now be for ever set at rest. Seven years ago next December this Govermnent, through its Minister at London, Proposed the settlenent which now appears a'bout to be consnuamated Instead of awcepting the prop?osition both 4Govermnentr negotited, -and.produced the Clayton.Blw73ller Traty, of wthich GMeneral Taylor said it wtould-require another treaty to explain it. r '"As the Presidential coutest -waxe3 warm, and the issue, at first apparently cerain for the democracy, grows more oub , it becomes bitter, vitnperative, or porsonal. Old charges are raked Up ,igamst fMr. iuc rgea of sader of Mi: Clay, of miapplication of the nublic funlds while Secretary of State, &c.; and t'mie public are entertained also with a romatic history of early love, disappointment, and death of the -lady whose memory it is Eaid has kept him single through life. On the other hand, Mr. Fremont: who up to this time has enjoyed a reputation of sminuar purity,' is charged with peculation of the pubhac funds whiile anofficer in California, and the- Senate of the United States have lent them,selves ito the charge by sanctioning the call of Mr. Bigler (an Admini. strative senator and personal friend of Mr Buchanan) for an e ,parte sttemen of his ac counts while conqmuering our Eldorado, in which I anticipate that the officials willm tr to make it appear that a man wlhose reputation ought to be cherished as. national property has descended to the meanness of public plunder. It is the curse of publi life- in this mcury that honest men's reputations are neverfree from such vituperation. A life like Mr. Buchanan's, or a character like Colonel Fremont's, is no shield a"nln¢t the silandere9s -shaft. The student of its tPory finds consolation in knowing.that even the exalted chaiactei of Washington was not spared by his opponents, and hi seeing how little the wbrld't .gment has been. iM1uencu - by the attacks. nthe m a porateare oisx la.all have nore to say about this matter. "The winter wheat of the west isnowaul gathered, and there is more than an averw2e arOD. Tproiesng g is also beginnIng to be gather; and proies ell. The drought of the eastern State has, not extended to the West. I have jast 'been weat. Through the State of New -York, with the exception of the valley of the, MIohawk, the country looked ;arched by, the drought. Canada, Michigan, Sois, and -Northern Ohio- and -Indiana looked much better, and I think, on the whole, the crops will be unusually favourable. The hay crop in this part of the country was much injured by the drought. We are now exporti-g an umuiualamount of produce for this seaac,n of the year. "-The I Bears' are again getting pomession of the stock-market in anticipation of a contration of loans 'oy the banka. Sles were made yesterday of Illinois Central Constctions, 91i -; Erie, 59k; New York Centra', 89. ; and Panama, 96. Tne suits for foreclosure which have been instituted against defaulting railroad -companie in various parts of the country have had a teiadency to' check confidence' in. that class of securities. Among others, suits are about being' instl- Opted against the Chicago, Alton, - anal St. louis Railroad Company, of which the bonds are largely owned in Europe, to compel either a foreclosure or a payment'of interest' by those who aie in receipt ofthe great eanin of the road. "The New York iates who have undertaken the completion of the eastern division of the Ohio and Mississippi road are prosecuting the work vigorously, and talk about getting the road open this year." (LATEST BY THE TELEGRAEE VIAL ,1AIAX.) NEW YORE, EvxxrG, 14TH. The steamer Kangaroo arrived at Philadelphia on the 13th. Tlhe New York money-market today is active. CoLuton is lower; New Orleans middling, quoted 11X and middling uplands 3-Ii lour is dearcr, exceDt ng western. Southern wheat unchanged. Exchange on London, 109g. NEW5 ORIEAS, 1 Evmn=, 11TH. Sales of cotton-for-the week, 2,000 bales; middling ouoted 10c. hreight declined to 9-32d. Exchange on London, 1091. NEW YORK (SEcoND DxsrATcn), P.BL, 14TH Sinlce Tuesday we have received $1,500,000 in gold frail California. The English steamer Panama has been lost near Csape Tmori; crew saved, but ship a total loss. NEW YORK, EVm7-axo, 15Tl. The money-market to-dav was active. Sterling exchange flat, and an eighth lower. Co'ton quiet. Breadstuffs active, and tendency upwards. NEW YORK, r.Pr., 15r. A formidable revolution has broken out in St. Domingo. wAfJFAX, 14H Change in Ministry to-day .- llr. Wilkdns appointed Judge, i,ice Judge Haliburton (Sam Slick), resigned. Henry, Provincil Secretary. Archibald, Solicitor-GeneraL Time for elections unknown. 31r. Howe will come out for the townsip .of Windsor.
THE BASHI-BAZOUKS. TO TIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A leading article in your isgue of the 23d of Jaly contans uch a serere attac on the late corps of Osmai Irregular Cavalry that I am convinoed there must be some mistake in the sourcefrom which you derived your information. Tho corps ws never stationed at GallipolL They merely landed at, and marched past, that place en. roz:te to Sh-mIO in November, 1855, and althougl upwards of 3,000 mnen disembarked there, not one sngle comnplaint of any sort was made against them eitherby the Exench or Tnti5oh authoriti es. From the date of their leaving t'he Dardanelles until their Arrival at Shuyola certificates from the chief Turkish authorities at all the halting pises on the line of march prove that no outrae of any sortwans committedons ThepRepe oE the country, vwhile, on tihe other hand, tho prsnih!imenb returs of each regiment. showr that. any brea of discdpline dauring tbo march was duly punished. The Basfii-Barouk being by no means a favourite in Turkey, a wide field vas laid- open for cornaints against them on tho arrival of the force at Shuma in Decomber, 1855, more especialy, as about ZGmen were either placed in barracks Cose to, or billetted in, the town. The records of the force and the erEtiffcates from the rkish civil and military local authorities show that duinug their stay at Shnmla thc Bashi-Bazouks beha'ved themselves much the same as any other rational beings; the necessary parades and drills took place, which by the way, the men took to most willingly and the usal routine of military duty -was carried out in the various regiments and brigades. It would, of course, be nonsense to say that no crime was committed, but it is trae that the number of offenders wlmasyry consi-derablybelowvtheaverage tobeexpected from a British force of the same strength, the more so as tho town oE Shumla contains a great number of thelowest description of liquor shops, which the Brit;sh officers, of course, had no power to close without authority from the Turks. Wfhen midemennours were committed the offender ws invarnaiy tried before a court-martial, and the setence fully carriedi into effect, the court bein composed of a mix. ture of British and native officers, and the justice of the sentence of these cours (in several cases moost severe) waxs in no one single instance ever questioned bythe men. When the order for disbandment wvas issued inJunue Last much regret was expressed by the men at leaving the British service. The force ad assumed the appearance, and, to the best of my belie., had the spirit of a most powerful, disci. plined body of men, and- the native officers, at first the most troublesome of al to deal with, owned the advantages of our disc pline, and for the mosb part assisted to tho utmost the British officers. The regiments, for the purposo of being disbanded in the respective places of their enlistment, are now on the line of march, ard, from the reports received of their progress, no troops in theovoildcould have made sucha successionof long mrches (in several instances 35 miles a-ay, and seldom less than 20), the average length of the march of each regimaent to its place of disbandment being 450 miles;- 'he reports received-from the Turldsh authorities of the districts through which the regiments have marched show a total freedom from riot or outrage of any sort. You wfl, I trust, Sir, in justice to the British officers of this force, by vhose labour the above satisfactory state of disdpline has bean brought bout, afford this letter as pro. mine=t a position in your paper as you have the accsations you have allowed to appear, and not permit any aisonderstandingto cast a slur ueon those who have been workig to their utmost to get inito order and discipline a body of men the want of whom, in the event of war haying lasted, would veysoon have made itself apparent. T remain. Si.. vmr nAlant. c . OENTURION. Constantinople, Aug. 8. -
THE CLmiS oF THE CoRT F .A=z-There is nothing that needs more caution than the pretensions of pnvate parties to national testimonias, whether of a purely honorary or of a pecuniary nature. The case ought to be a very strong one to jnstify the press in recommending it to the public, oftcen inclin!ed, in the generosity of its instincts, to concede demands upon its bounty writh too easy scrutiny into the merits1 of the claimants. It does, however, seem to us that the case stated on behalf of thefamilyof HenryCort, the acknowledged inventor of thoseprocess : the working of iron which have more than any other proceses in our manufactures contributed to the commercial gretness of England, is one wvhich we may honestly advocate. Tbat Cort was entitled to be called the fonder of the existing British irontrade,-that his inventions made us indepemdent of Russia and Sweden for our supplies of the most important of our modern n -seems to be well established. His son and daughters, reduced to poverty, have presented 5 petition to Parliament5 -setting forth tleir father's history and industrial aehievements; and to this petition they have subioinel the testimonies of some of our most eminent engineers and ironmaster3 to the validity of Cort's claim to be: considered the exclusive autlor of the improvements with which his naxe is connected. It would ill becomoe 'a great commeril country lke ours to ba indifferent to an apeal of thig description; and we feel cerin it will not b made in v3an. There are statements indeed made in the memorial of the accuracy of which we are not in a position to form anopinion. Henry Cort obtainod patentsforhiitimprove. ments, and is said to have expended -considerable fo-tune in bringing his processes to perfecton. It is thern alleged that, aftsr contracts had been signed by the leadimg ironnmsters of the kdngdom to pay him l0s per ton for the uso of his methods, be was involved in the ruin of a public defaulter (the then'Treassrer of the Navyorhia deputy), withe out any guity complicity in his crinmes, and lot not only his patents, but all that he possessed. There is an obscurity over-this part of the case which we shonld gladly see cleared up; but the other features of it are strong enough to justoiy us in commending it thus briefly to the consideration of the public.-Rxamhi7er. Tars MoRM&oNS.-A bitory has been pLublished in German of the Mormons, or latter-day Saints, in Worth America, frbm which it appears that America contains 68,700 of that sect, of whom 38&000 ai- in Ttah, 5,000 in NewYork, 4,O0 in Californ*i, 5,000 in Nova Scotia and Canada, and 9000 in South America and the islands. Europo contains 39,000, of whom 32,900 are in Great Bri. tainand Ireland, 5,0o0 in Scandinavia, 1,000 in Germany and Switzerland, 500 in France, and 500 in tho rest of Erope. In Asithere are said to -be 1,000, in Austris and Polynesia 2,400, in Africa 100, on trave'l 1,800. Ther, are, besides, 8,500 ischismatics, including Strgies,Egdoaites, amd VJightites. The numbers amount in the aggregate to 316,500, and it issnjiposedtbutthowhgl0 sect eanot cesedl20,000.-Amerwun pc.pcr. . - -'
THE DI)INER TO THE GUABDS. I ~~~. . I -- . Of anl methods of ugadmratinna dixner appears to be the most congenial to the social instincts and convivial haDits of the British people; sad accordiigly, when itW proposed, some weeks ago, to invite the Guards to a public banquet, the Suggestion was received with universal approbation. The much talked of entertainment took place yesterday at the Royal Surrey Gardens, andpassed off wit.hthe greatest &dat. The wpeather, that enigma in the solution of which tho hopes and fears of the publ are centred on all festive occasions, was. on the whole as propitious as we have a right-to expeet in these eccentric latitudes, and the scene in-the pleaure grounds was exceedfngly briliant ad animated. The Grenadiers marched froni their barracks in Birdcaoge-*alk over Westminsterbridgetothegardens. TheFusileersqwhosebarracks are at Charing-cross, passed over Waterloo-bridge,, following the CGrenadiers from the Elephant and Castle. The Colistreafas marchel from the Tower over London-bridge, by the Elephant and Castle, ancl thence to the p,axdens by the soune route ass the other regiments. Added to thoer -w;as a large body of Guardsmen who are stationed at. Aldershott and Windsor, and. whom the directors of the SouthWestern Railway liberally conveyed to London and back free of all expense. The streets through which the troops passed were densely crowded, and the cheering of the. people was raost enthusiastic. The officers were in undrems uniform ; the men wore their foraging caps, not their bearLkius, and, except in a few instance, did not carry side. arms. The Grenadiers, under Colonel Foley, were the first to arrive, and were followed shortly a£ter, wards by the Coldstreams, under Colonel Fpton, and the Fusileers, under Colonel Ridley. Ech regiment waa preceded by its band, the Grenadiers playig " British Grenadiers," the Coldstreams "Hlome, Sweet Home," and the Fusileers "Annie Laurie," whica last air is in specia 'favour. Every man wore a Crimean medal, and -many also dis- ,Lsayed theriband of the Legion of Honour. The oncerb MAI, in which dinner was served for 400 men of each reginent, was beautifully decorated for the occasion, and presented a magnificent appeaance. There was a profusion of military trophies; the flags of England, France, Turkey, and Sarainia wero suspended from .the gaReries and balconies, and' fedtoons of flowers and garlands of laurel met the eye in every direction. Shields inscribed with the names of distinguished officers of the allied armies, and in each case encircled with branches of laurel, were ranged in front of the first gallery, and had a very pretty effect. These names were not elassifed with reference to the countries of their respective owners, but were mingled fraternally together, comanionship in glory being the common bond of union. The shields e, boithe followinginscriptions .-" "Macdonald," " Dundas," "Evans," "Bruat," "Windham,"~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~t RagAu,""ornto, 'qlan," "tIassy," " :Bosquet," " Lyons," " Simpson," "WMilliams," C: Canrobert," " Pehissier," " Cardigan," and "Lucan." Behind the chair was a white escutcheon, bearing the name of "Florence Nighting,ale," the word " Redan" being inscribed in the left corner and "Malakhoff" in the right. The company assembled in the galleries was fashionable and numerous, and a large proportion of the spectators were ladies. The gallery facing the chair was occupied by officers, among whoni we observed Lord Rokeby, Lord Sefton, Lord G. Paget, Lord Bingham, the Earl of Carrick, Lord F. Paulett, Sir W. Codrington, Sir R. Barnard, Colonel the Hon. E. Upton, Colonel the Hon. A. Foley, Colonel Ridley, Colonel Steele, LieutenantGeneralAirey,LieutenanntColonelHiggiman,jMajor- -General C. Russell, Colonel F. Seymour, Colonel Ponsonby, Lieutenant-ColonelHatton, .LieutenantColonel Elison, Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, Colonel B3rownowl(hox, MA'., &c. The private box; to the right of the chair was set as ide for the LFord Mayor and hissuite, while that on theoeft reserved for the membersof the committee and their friends. Theconsolidated bands of the three regiments of Gpards, under the direcdiin of the masters, Mfr. Godfrey Mr. Boossi, and Mr. D. Godfrey,- filled the orclestra.. In the gallery above them were seated a number of vocalists, chiefly amateurs, under the leadership. of Mr. Iand. The body of the hall not affording sufficient apace for the accommodation of all tho Guardsmen who were invited, those who could not find room within its walls were entertained in a great tent formed by an awninm extending from the top of the fireworks balcony' to the margin of the artificial waters. The lower windows of the hall were taken out, with the view of enabling the men who were not seated in the building to hear and take part in the proceedings after;the dinner, and it is hardly necessary to state that they fared no worse than those who were seated in the halL An elegant marqu ee was erected in the Dlantation, to the South of the Music Hall, for the accommodation of the bands. It had been originally intended by the committee to invite the wives of the Crimean Guardsnen to witness the splendid spectacle, but, imbappily, the warhad converted so many of those wives into widows that it was deemed more udicious to abandon the design. Some idea of the havoc that death ha macde in the ranks of the Guards who landed at Old Fort with the invading armies may beformed when it isstated that of all the wives of soldiers in the Grenadier Guards there are only 13 whose husbands have returned to them. It has been objected against Englishmen that they suffer from mnzauvaie honte-that " they fear each other, fearing none besides ;" but assuredly there was little symptom of any such weakness among the guests at yesterday's entertainment. They took their seats in an orderly and decorous manner, and; though in the presence of lords and ladies, were as calm and self-possesed as if it were Muscovites that they were going to attc, and not rounds of beef and doulble Glocestes The Grenadiers were ranged on the right of the ch3irman, the Coldstreams on his left, and the Fusileers, who were accompanied by their pipers, occupied the centr of the hall. The chair was taken by SergeantMajor Edwards, the senior sergeant of the Guards. He claims the honour of being the oldest soldier in the British army; yet he is by no means an old man. He miust have entered the service at an unusually early age, for though ho has worn uniform for one-and-twenty years he is stil in the prme.of life. He served during the whole of the Crimean campaign, and was offered a commssion, but declined it. On his return from the Est the Queen sent for him and appointed him one of the Yeomen of Her Majestys Guard. He is the Prince of Wales's preceptor in Calisthenic exercises, and has been givenf to understand that he is to have an office in the Prince's household as soon as the establishment of his Royal Highness shall have been formed. On taking his seat at the head of the table, he was reeeived with an enthusiastic shout of applause, which he acknowledged with the cordial courtesy of a soldier. He was supported on each side by three staff sergeants-tall massive fellows with suburnt faces and beards that tho birds might build their nests in.- When the company were all seated and the hall was one blase of scarlet the bands struck up" H'aste to tho Fedding," but, inasmuch as there were- no brides with whom to contract marriage, the guests paid their addresses to the good things spread before them. The dinner, which -was provided by Messr. Potel and Chabot, of Paris, who have the management of the refreshment department of the gardens, was, no doubt, a delicate repast, but to thosevho looked down upon it from the galleries it aDpeared to be .rather deficient in that solidit for whfc-h Guardsmen are so famous on the battle-field, and -which we pre6ume they have no objection to recognize upon the dinner-table. HIowever, they who eat a iinner mu3stbe presuxned to be better judges of it than thow who merely look. at it, and it is due to the puirveyors to say that the guests appeared to be well pleased- with the fare set before them; and certainly they did it ample justice. A bottle of champagne was shared by every three men, and each man had a bottle of Dublin stout all to himself, and a quarter of a pound of tobacco to take home with him. This was treatment which, contrsted awith.the trenches- gave-peculiar significance to the entntwhich e bauds were continually inculcating, that there is no place like home. Grace waa said by the Rev. MaXWe Egan, chaplain to the forces in the Crimea; Mr. Harker,-thewell-known. toastmaster, rendered hii services gratuitousy. During the dinner -the following program e of musicwas performedr by tihe combmued bands of the' Grei'' r, C"' - -ad- FuUe 'xeaur toidstr>eam :nd Loot Fu,iler Guards: - I Ma_rch"he eunof th Guards" P. GOdfrey. !QudziUe-BHibernls'(OnirishMelo- eodies ...., Gofey. -Iymn of th Allid Army ... Quidlle-"Bo meDuadee" a Lnley Mtlodies ... : I.. ' ... - : .Albert. WI'-4"bzta of the west" . M;.. on.taie S0eCti6n-"Senrmfda . ... Esi5nW . PolIca"EatapIan" *. ............. : ...... ,eniz g. Selectlon-"llobe le Dible" .. .. yerbeer.- Dinner being concluded, tho members of the flhori sa ng the gace from te Lcsudi pirituai.i, 1545, "'For these and all Thy mercies we bless anl. prIe y ne3ame, 0 Lord." -Tho CHIccrN- then rsamid loud a:pplause and sa.id,. Cotmrades, I amu going to give you X toast. he individual whse healt.h I am about to proposo will requir ver little prefacc from me. I am satisfied atit ihoimage of that in. dividua.l s sO-thorougly impresed on every one of your hearts tither very name will make-your hoer jUMp to your mouths. (Cheers and laughter.) - Comrades, I-beg to propose "The Health of' our Royal Mistress, Her Most Gracious Majesty the Qua;e'uLod bloss her!'" (Enthusiasti- cheering.) Drink it three times throe and upstanding. . The toast was received with rapturous acclamation. The National Anthem was played with splendid effect by the 'various bands, the vocal portion being executed by 300 choristers, in conjunctionwith the wholeof the Gardsrmen. The- Ct3AUMA -Comrades, Ihave got- another tost to propose to You (cheers), aid Ih,Ave a notion that it will please yon veu neirly asmuich as tho last. I don!t mean to say that it will please you altogether as much-that is nottoo beexpected-butI am confident thit itwill pleascyon very nearly as much. (Cheers.) I want you todriak tothe health of "Prince Albert -and the 'rest of tho RoysFamily." (Loud cheers.) Novw, mind I say "the rest of the Royal -Family" which, of. course, includes my pupil she Prinoe of Wales. (Cheers.) May he followin'the steps oEhisRoyal parents, and may tho dxy be distant whin hea wil wear the British Crown! '(Loud chees) The toast was drmnk amid repeated rounds of zpplause, the band playing the Coburg 5areh. Tho next _toast being one of particular importAnce, Mr. Barker, the toastmaster, caled on the company to filla bumper. He waved his white wand in the air, and, in a voice that would be worth any money to a general of divi. sion, exclaimed,. "Charge -" The statled Guardsmen sorang to their feet and looked fiercely around as much as Ito say "Whom ?I At length they were relieved from their embarrassment by the excellent official who had created it, and who now added, in accents soft a3s the breath of southern zophyrs, " Your glasses, gentlemen, yoiur glassas." When the peal of laughter wbich this little incident evoked had died avay, Ths CRAM-Aff again wos and saa,s-Another toast for you! (Cheers.) I beg to propose " His Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief, our soldiers and sailors, the chaplains of the army, and our brave allies in the late war." (Vehement applause.) I wish to say a few words to yon as comrades. Now, mark me, wish to talk to you as comrades. Hear me, old hands of Alma and InkermannI I need not say anything to you in praise of the Dnkeof Cambridge. (Cheers.) He must livein your hearts andin the hearts of al7 British soldiers as he wiui in mine eternally. Our greatest pride must be to say that we were Guardsmen at Inkermann. (Enthusiastic cheering.) The Duke of Cam. bridge was there (oud cheers), and that issaying enough about him. As for ow brethren of tho line, I am sorry-if I can be sorry for anything on such an occasion-that the table was not big enough for them as well as for us, But, as the table was too small (laughter), I am sure that they will not envy us our hsppinss; but, on the contrary, that they Wi bo rejoiced to learn that we have been so well received. As for our sailors, the good feeling that subsists between you and the bluo-jackets Is known to the world. We ar indebted to them, and they are indebted to us for many a Indno'ess. You know it as well asI do. (Cheers.) There never was anything like the good feeling which subsisted during the wr 'between you-the "red soldiers as they called you-andthe blue-jackets themselves. (Lo0d cheers.) With respect to our brave allies, if I were the greaest speaker that ever lived, I could not do jastice to their noble conduact. Oh, my comrades, -you saw the day when you could have knelt -down and worshipped them as you would your God. Don't you remember when you saw them coming over tho hill? (Tremendous cheering.) As for the chaplains in the army, they did their duty like men, and so little notice has been takon of them in military assamblies that I am sure you 'will be glad to haveanopportunity to return them th=ks -for all their i-ndness. Therefore, I include them in the toast, comrades, aa I hope you will Inake it a b7mnper.ea Mr. HARnMn-A bumper I a bumper I Make readypresent-ire I (Cheers, and laughter.) The toast was drunk with great enthusiasm. The national ais of- France, Sardinia, and Turky were played by thS band, and the following song, written for the oecasion by Mr. G. Linley, wts rug by the chorus, ana rapturously encored - Oh! brave were England's mailed knights, That won at Agincourt, ,And bright the page of his'ry shines With deeds they dsd of yore. But ne'er was valour more display'd, In battle's mad career, Than by the gallant British hearts Whom nowr wewl1relcome here. Yet, while on glories past we dwell And ancient heroes p e, A brighter lAstre hangs around The warriors of our dayso Totheman wem thteainecup nor t -To them we raisetShecheer;* God bless the gahlant British hearts Whom nowr we welcome here. The CEArna.&.-Another toast, comrades, another toast! (Cheers and lacstgher.) I wFant you to drink the "health of the Chairman, committee and subscribers to the Dinner Fund." Now mind, when I say "the chairman"I wish you clearly to understand that I do not mean myself. (Cheers and laughter.) I inean the chairman of the committeeanother person Altogether. (Cheers.) I have very few *ords -to siy, but I am sure the toast Will speak to your hearts. First and foremost, comrades, you are invited to a dinner such as I sup. pose the memory of man never saw anything to equal it. (Cheers and laughter.) Now, understand what I mean. Your coming here is an honour to you, because it shows that your countrymen, the people of Englad, are satisfied with the manner in which you did your duty. You did your duty, or you wouldn't be here; so ri say no more about it. (Cheers and laughter.) But it is clear that we ought to return to the chairman, the committee, and the subscribers our most grateful thanks. Aih! we have seen the day that we never could have dreamt that such a day as this woutd occur in the history of the best of us, Think of what you have gone through, think of what you have seen, and then look around you! WVhy, man dear, I could jump into another campaign to get another such welcome as this. (loud cheers.) There's not a man of us that would not volunteer to-morrow for another war after what we have seen to-day. (Reneowed pplause.) The toast was received with the greatest enthusiasm. The LosinMAYOac as chairman of tha dinner oommittee, returned thanks from his box. He sold that in coring forward to return thanks on behalf of the, committee and the other subscribers to the dinner fund, he must begin with an apology, foi he felt that he was unused to that short, sharp, and decisive battlefield oratory which he had heardiht day from the chairma He must therefore addrs them as a civilIL, and though, probably, hbis words would be rather longer, he could assure them they would have an equal meaning. The subibers to the dinner fund thought that it would be agreeable-to the regiments and to the officers, as well aa satisfactory to the public, that -the brave Gunard, who were the ordinary garrison of London, should be aisembled together as' far as aocommodation permitted, that the subscribers might have- the plasure, on behalf ofthe people of Lndon, of seeing face to face r0 many gallant men whb bore on their breasts 'the prond testimonsal of Ieiir esys approbation. -(t'oud cheers.) -Sergeant-Ia6r Edwards had'sa.d whei2 propoding the health of ihe Commandor-in.Chief, that he lived in. the. -hearts of British soldier. He (the Lord Mayor) would say that the noble duke, in conjunction with all the brave men of the army, lived in the hearts of the British people, .who would .never forget how the honour of Enl=ad had been supported by 'the noble conduct 'of every man in the army during the last war. (Loud cheerm.) If the 'hearts of -the soldiers hid been dolighted that day bY the good cbeer 'bich had been aot beFore tlem, the- committee and the suimribers equaly felt delight ia seeing so many men who had rendered service to thieir country contgreg'a -n that hall, and on their behalf he retmred thanks for the lindly feelingswhich thE soldiers had expressed.: (Cheers.) Before - he sat down he would take lave to propose a toast. He should bke to say a word, not-however in his official character of Lord Mayer, for the present gathbeinjg w outside of the city, and therefore beyond the hiTLts of :his civilauthority. At the same time he had no wih whateyer to tbrow off that public cbaracter which belonged to a man highinauthority inthe metropoliFs of Enfland, aad heotherefore.would venture to s-pea to themmlthaecharacter. Hie wouldteUtheentatnot orn as thearmygreatlyinfavourwiththepeopieferitebrave deeds, - and.for themannerinwhichithadspportedhhnourand glory of Eglad, bet that it enjoyed a higher posiion than t bad ever. occupied at any former *cd of or histor. It showe the progress of tho age; in 'which wre - lived; and he ventured to -say to every mn prsn,.- that the privte letters -of.E the soldiers,- as :they appeard -from time' to: time in- the newsppers, '-were rtead with afs much delight, satisfaction,- anad en- :thusiasm^-wlien the writers recoguted isa their siimple ma. ncer th scnes they =laud-stos~oiu lsade in whch the deeds- d- our lbiraie-en werea .reorded. (Choeer) -Now th4 we xwre at Ipe"g -,. : ef( the shoild ntl i lhnie exaphe io: hDe1fjtiXe ey-had done ddef th was'. -Ezy E .i aould e proad .of the ome wo re; whea h- wa in wLr le should be thel instrmi,,t wr, 'during peace he should lrean i ja_ment na so hat by loyaltyD hi Sotor ad a = to suLpport :ths-- 3Uwa;' o§ «t-o toutryr,3 -might 'be rs fu l n eb p e udwo'"'o wAr. (Cbft) HEa beRi'd to propoee "The Hilth. of 'ti ir Edwar-s," rho, in res2eetwhether as re rd. height, his bert his 1o07, Eor-he tinge of gray on his hair, rwchiearkea,the old and horourable soldier-.was an honour to the British army. (Cheer). He hoped 1he pilaut xergeant wcsad he longspred to serve his countryunh honour, aindtohessusefel to the zegiments of Guards as hehad been that day.- (Loud cheers.) ".Now, bsrave fellows," saihis-Lords}hip, "ycuknowt howr to fr-let as havi a g6o volley!1!.:' The suggestion was ieadily. adopted, and the hall rng eith.he aeatedbursts of&ppIause.withbhich the name of £Sergecat-4jorEdwsrds was greeted. The COnlUL-, in acklcowladging the compliment, saia, -Brava comrades, this is -proud day for all of -u Now, I am irmly ocvinced,andl tellittoyonin confidence, this is the first time.that. a sergeant-major in the British army has had hls health proposed by -the Lord Mfayor of London. (TAughier and cheers) 'LowAtothank himforthiehonoUr Ieannottell.i Howevyer, I do-return my humble thands to h lordship for the honour he has done me; but it is not anhonoursolelyto mie who am but armite luthe great engns clle&itheBrtitshary;-it is an honour to allwho are here assembled- -(Cheers.). Comrades, I will say no more; butT amatisfied that every man of -you partcipates in my feelings. (Geieral applause.) ; On the suigestion of theao on.lDuYos, a round of cheers wasgivenforthecnmmandaingofficersof thne sxious e Ments. - - vaosre- The CHURkAN (to the men).-lTow, fle off in th e best -ay o- can, my laas. The hall was cleared in s.few minutes, and after having'"unfurledthebanner of gastronomy"-to use the magnificent expression of 31. Soyer -and partaken to their heartat content of the substnitial joys of life, the Guardsmen repaired to the pleasure ground where they tasted of those pleasures of the imagmaton which nowihere abound in more rich profusion than in the. Surrey Gardens. They wandered as fancy led them through the towers, palaces, mosques, and minarets of the City of the Sultan, or . auntered by the margin of that noble expanse of pipe-water which does duty for Bosphoruz-or pufed a'cloud on the Grecian terrace, or dived into the mystic recesses of the Rermit's' cave, which we are credibly assured by ,the guide-book " overwhelm the visitor with gloomy awe ;" or they contented themselves with roaming about on the soft sward - and observing with what grace the Italian style of gardening blends into the old Engish, style, with its more rugged aspects,' its avenues of trees, and its bolder and more varied display of. flowers. Nor were enjoyments of a more tender, though possibly of a less intellectual order wanting, for Ethiopians sang the sorrows of "Lucy Neal," and a nmber of arEtst in Mesh-coloured tights and spangles wvalked about upon theirheads, and exerted t emselves most strenuously to induce the belief that they had been born without backbones. After the lapse of about two hours the soldiers were marched back into the Music-hall, the centre of which was specially reserved for them. A vocal and instrumental concert, of which the following is the programme, then took place:- PArer L Overture-" RnyBlas" ... ... Mendelssohn. Quadrle-"' Tho Zou*ves,"'introding the Zouavee Trumleters of the Ist and 2d iegiment of Zonaves ... ... .. Jullien. Symphony-.The celebrated "March Fn- nebre," from the sinfonia "Elroica" (corn posod to celebrate be deat;h of a hero) ... Beethoyen. Scoth 31lody'AnneLaurie," Mis Eate Eanoe. Cornet Obbigato-Herr Koenig. Valso-" 1. Jrima Donna" ... ... ... Jullien. Cornet Solo-Herr Koeni`. National Song-"HurraE for the Guards" tomposed expresly for this occasion), %err Rolitaasky ... - ... ... Linley. For us, beneath the sword they fell, And cold and want defied; For us, three battles nobly gained; For ns, like heroes died. Old England on their deeds may dweU With gratituds and pride. Hurra for our brave, Pllant Guards, Who've won us such renown! ! Hurrah for our brave, gallant Guards ! Their brows with laurel ciown. Hurra I rli 1 hurra ! hurra! hurra! Kind Heavan, thatin the strife defends, Hath'sav'd this valiaxit band - With fame the warrior treads once more His own dear native land,'' And, kindred souls and bosorm friends Greet him with heart and hand. HuEra for our brave, gallant Guards, Who've won us such renown!' Hurra for our brave, gillant'Guauds ! Their brows with laurel crown. Hurra ! hrra ! hurrr. ! hurra ! hurra! Galop-" The Pelissier" . .. D'Albert. Solo-Trumpet, 1. Dahenie . Duheme. Quadrille-' The English Qaadrille," with solos3 by 3 Ir. Rich ardson. .L Collinet, Herr Sonuenberg, and Herr Koanig ... ... Jullien. Tferr Rokitans song was received with tumultuous applause. TUhe eveniing's entertaintnents concludeZ with a dislay of firewforks, which for beaulty of design aiid .brfliaancy of colour have never been surpassed in London. The soldiers were then mustered, and marched home at9 o'clock. Independently of ,the military ther could not have been less than 20,000 persons present. NTor must we forget to mention that among the ilustrious visitors was Mrs. Seacole, whose appearance awakened the nost rapturous enthusiasm The soldiers not only cheered her, but chaired her around the gardens, and she really anight have suffered from the oppressive attentions of her admirers, were it not that two sergeants of extraordinary stature gallantly undertook to protect her from the pressure of the crowd. However, the excellent lady did not appear intheleast alarmed, but, on the contrary, smiled most graciously and seemed mhlTy gratified. It is due to those who originated this entertainment, and to those also who superintended its details, to say that the arranpgments were in all respects admirable. They refiected the highest credit on all who were concerned in them, anEd on no one more so than on Mr. Sams, the honorary secretary, on whom devolved much toil and responsibility, aind whose exertions were beyond all praise. Everything- that theo men expressed a wish for was conceded with a grace which greatly enhanced tho favour, and even when they requested that they might have copies of the concert programmaes to preserve as. mementoes, orders were given to the printers to strike them off with-all possible rapidity, and every soldier was provided with a copy before he left the grounds. The liberality of the Directors of the Royal Surrey Gardens should also not be forgotten. Not only did they grant the ase of their beautiful pleasure-grounds gratuitously, but they placed at the disposal of the committee the receipts at the doors up to 5 o'clock. The -bsciptions exceed 1,100?., and the committee have on hand 3 handsome: sun for presentationtosomoenilita charm -..
FfO.RBIGN LElFyJBI j - 'RAIOE. (FRolI om owN OOR POm mqT.) A portion of thba-fouowivg xppeae In our *cond cR,L8a of yester-Iy;-] ?AiIS, SuSDAY, 6 pm. When the famous Manzanaxres manifeso (wrung from O'Donnell by the critical position of himself. and his handful of cavalry) and intelligence of insurrection at Saraga and other provincial towns calUed Mladrid to arms smnall veStiges remained of tJS6 Nat'onal Guard dissolved ina 1843. M AIany of 'the men were there, although in 11 years. their inumbers had been greatly thinned by death and other cause3; but th serviceable muskets had been taken from them, the trim uniform had pased'into the stomach of the moth or the bag of the old clothesman,-their former organization had been nearly forgotten. Civilian coats and jackets were seen at the barri. cadez, and old bluncderbusses, fowling-pieces, and pistols did duty for more efficient weapons. The contest over, tho formation of the National Guard commenced, and was carried on with gteat activity. Money was granted by the Government for the supply of arms; the Cortes, when they met, voted furither sums ; the tailors coula not meet the demand for unifor -s; ans bscriptions were made to equip those Nationals who were too poorto supply themselves. The zeal with -which the chiefs of the Progresista party urged on the organization of the civic troops showred the importance they attached to them as a guarantee of the liberties of Spain. In an inconceivably short time the National Guard of M1adrid assumed, as far as arms and clothing weent, the appearance of a regular force, and the commandants of battalions, several of whom were officers of the army, did their utmost, by exercise anddrill, to supPIly those military qualities in which the newly-raised body was naturally deficient. A very few months after the revolution 20,000 men, comTpletely armed and uniformed, wrer passed inf review at Madrid, and although the progress had not been universaly so rapid throughout Spain, still, in many districts and provincial towns it had kept pacewith that of the capital. To see those strong batZalion3 march past, in g-od order and with well-kept arms, one. might have supposed the Liberal party were right in their anticipations, and that there w-as good security against the recurrence of readion. 17is National Guard, its admirers fondly predicted, would not be easily disanned, like that of 1843. For the time it quite eclipsed the army, then rather under a cloud, in vulgar estimation, and was accordingly looked upon by the regulars with considerable envy and dislike. An assemblage of its chiefs formed an important political conclave, and they scrapled not to asemble, when they fancied the occasion fitting, to intimate their approval or disapproval of the acts of the Government, or at least to send deputations of support or sympathy to Espartero. Such meetings and deputations became important demonstrations, when they were considered to represent the feelings and opinions of more than 20,000 citizens of -Madrid, a great many of them persons of substance and heads of families. Measures were taken to prevent such intermeeddling, but they were only partially effectual. The name of the National Guard, too, was often taken in vain by designing persons, belonging both to the ultra-iaberal and the reactionary parties. Often were reports spread in Madrid of disaffection in such and such battalions, of ill-feeling towards the Cortes on account of some particulawr vote, or of its waste of time in idle talk while weighty guestions penlded. MIore than once it was said that bodies of Nationals had laid a plan to enter the Chamber and clear it of the deputies, as untrue to their trust and negligent of their mission. For most of thesereports there wras probably little or no foundation; but, neverthele.s, they contributed, in conjunction with its political attitude and other causes, to render the lNational Guard extremely distasteful to many, and especially t4 the Yicalvarists. O'Donnell, who never liked the institution, had declared himself in favour of its revival merely because he knew that he could not otherwise hope for the confidence and support of the Progresistas, without which he was a lost man. As Espartero's colleague, he was compelled to favour and almost to fatter it, to lavish upon it bows and smiles and. handahakings. But he probably was always resolved to get rid of it as soon as a fair opportunity offered. 'When, on FsDartero's fall from power, he inaugurated his preiaierhip. by the prodamation of martial law, he must have felt quite certain that he was maling himself that opportunity. We know that he had proposed to profit by it by concentrating troops on Mfadrid. The time had arrived to test the real value of that army of. armed civilians, wn which certain Liberal politicians had put such faith as security for freedom. Theywere well armed, they knew their ground, they had artillery and highly defensible positions. And' doutless many of them fought most bravely; but the long habit of military discipline, which constitutes the chief force of large bodies of armed men. wa wanting, as were also capable chiefs and proper direction; the military men who commanded some of the battalions were for the most part absent; there was no concerted plan, nor any efficient general to frame one and carry it out; many of the civilian officers, either from trewaery, indecision, or fear of responsibility, appear to have left their men to themlselves; there was doubtless a great deal too much talk and too may counsels, and probably not a few mothers and wives, sweethEeartbsand sisters, proved sad dampers of warlike ardour. The result was, that only a small part of theNational Guardfought at all, that the brunt of the fightingg was borne by one or two battalions and by the bullfighters and other desperadoes of the Toledo. Embajadores, and circumjacent streets, and that, after a protracted and deadly contest, the immense superiOrity of regular troops over civilian soldiers, even wheen the advantage of position is in favour of the latter, and the small value of a Spanish National Guard as a guarantee for Spanish freedom, were, not for'the first time, fully proved and established. In Barcelona the confEict, as was to be expected from the different character of the population, from the vwell-known coumage and tenacity of the Catalans, and from the co-operation of numerous foreig refugees, experienced in barricades and street fiaht, ing, was more severe and bloody, but it ended, asa in Madrid, by the triumph of the army. At Saragossa, the ProOoresista citadel and boasted bulwark of freedom, not a shot was fired, and the sole result of a shlow of resis£tncc w as that the NTationlals gave up their arms by invitation instead of by command. Disarmed throughout the whole of Spain the much-vaunted National Guard stitl for a short time escaped dissolution. Even 'in Spain-that paradise of political renegades-a man so prominent as O'Donnell may hesitate a moment before veering completely round, and destroying that which, two years before, he had procled a necessity and contributed to create. There was talk of a-modification, of a new National Guard on the most approved principle, composed of prosperous heads of families and considerable taxpayers-such a body, in short, as, if it ever did muster with bellicozo intent, could be easily dispersed by a few companies of sharpshooters. But even such-a phantom ofthe popular force found no toleration im cerain quarters. larlesa as a fact, it would be unle6AZt as a sn1mento. - Royalty must have smez at ita conrand, bi -itbhas alwaysa been con: sidered that none which ever decked the face of Queen Isabella IL. cost her a greater effort than thoze she ws sit times compelled to bestow upon her faithful anld loyal Naitional Guards. So th'ere is no ca use for urprise that the MHadr& aazeti contains a deerea dissolvingg that body,-d t,at to-day a semi-official correspondence from the Spanlish capital says that the. Minity in this case has been- compelled to yield to t ower superior to its on. This last annoucement sperihaps intende1 aSanece for Marshal O'Donnel. We are .to inter that he hCs =acrificed his own Will (and the National -Guard) 'to that of his Sovereign. If the latter -was stubborn, he still had two alternativesthe convocation of the Cortes or resignation. Are we to suppose that the Court feAls itself so powerful that it ventured to. bid him resign or yield? The point in dispute being the suppression of the Nationl Guard, it probably cost hinr no great effort to adopt the latter course. Scarcely a week passes that the Spanih Ministerial organs do not inform the world that the most ectharmony reign betweeni the Crown and the rllty, and also between the various membera of the Cabinet. Such extraordinary iteration is impolitic, 'sinca it naturally leads many to suppose . that the pretended harmonycoversreal'-discord. With referenee to it Hubnerea-rrival at Nanles7' whence it is said that he wil proceed to G aeta, where the Court at ]rezent is, the Nord of yesterday has a corresponeence from Vienna, in which -is repeated the statement made some time ago, that he is charged with- a non-official mission-its object, being the wmicable arrangement of the Neapolitan. difficulty. . TheBe-,jinn paper aaya tht ti iwi certainly not press3upon King Ferdinandreftnma the coneseiona of -which wbul& be the naI for imiLar demands addd to A herself for her kingdom of Italy, and for the iduchies attached t& her by dyn,tic-Li.esv 'I'think' We may fairly accen1ethe natural infer,ence from this that tiha Italisi - atibjects of Austrisaare .nob mucltbetteroff than those- of Naples, and that refon is r "as much needed in the north as inthe -south The Nord proceeds to make the following highly probable; estimate of the extent to which Austiiais-disposed to interfere "Ail bat our Cabinet (that of Vienna) deiires is -thA King Ferdinand shouad make some conciliatory advanetake some sep calcultead to efface the deplorable ( impression produced on-the 'Westirn Cabinets by the :ton3 of the last reply to the notes of Frauce and Englia-d. In a word, it is an affair that must be stfled- s soon as possible, and withotut wounding the rights- or dignity. of anybody. That ic the substance of the mission which-Barn Hdlbner is at this momeni charged to fuli -at the Courtot Naples, and whose success no-one is better fitted.to insure.,? The trial before the Coriectiojial 'Tribuuid of Lyons of a number of person -accused of-:corinexion with -a secret society h3s: just conchid6d. The society was organized nearly, on tho- mddelivf that of .the Seasons -or of the Enfans de laTerre7 and comprised the Societies of the Voracz, t-:te Charbouniers,andtheInvisibles. Aftersevemallongsit: tings the Court p-onounced its sentence. Tenof the accused were acquitted, seven were condemned tofour years' imprisonment, six to two years, and 18 to various terms, varying from 18 to 4 months.- All those found guilty are deprived for three years of civil rights. General Marchesi, Captain-General of Navarre,, accompanied by his aide-de-camp,arrived atBayonne on the 23d instant, hasving been ordered by:Qneeni Isabella to- compliment the Enamperor and Empress in her name. Generil Serrano, Ambasiador of iSpain at the French Cour, -who was: expected .in a few days at B3ayonne, is to-present his credentials to' the Emperor at the Villa Eugdnie. --- The Marquis de Turgot, Ambassador of France to Spain, has arved at Bayone from Dan. - PRUSSIA. (FROM Oln Owr CoraFn NDrs z i-T) ' BERI2N, AuG. 23. The day before yesterday the King held a vey, briMiant parade of the troops of the garrisonUnter den Linden, the field day that had been ordered for the previous day at the Kreuzberg havng been necessailycountermanded on account of the bad weather; and yesterday all thle troops of ' the Guard Corps marched out from here at an earlyI hour for the purpose of -afield manceuvre, which: will last till the 29th or-Sth. On these occasions. the men get a taste of the agr6mes of a bivouac,' having to pass the night -in the open air without tents or any other accommodation but that an army. on the march can be supposed to carry with il. Inad dition to the Prince of Prussia, who arrived here intime for the parade on Thursday, the Hereditary: GrandDuke of TuscanyandPrince Charles of Bavaria> were in the brilliant retinue that followed the Xina as he rode down the lines, and surrounded him at the saluting point, which, as usual, was cliosen-infront of the statues of Blucher, Gnteisenau, an4 Yorce. The Prince of Prussia is to proceed to the pro-. vince of Pomeraiia, of which he is Stadtholder- on the 28th inst., for the purpose of attending the, manceuvres of the 2d army corps wILich' is stationed at Stargard, and thence he will go on:to Reilsberg for the manceuvres of the ls; -army corps. It would seem as if the original plan of the' Eing's going to Konigsberg for the manceutvres this month hiad been given up, an i it is now understoodthat he will on September 23 arrive in Coblenz. and on the 28th go on to Treves, to be present aii the consecration of the Basilica. The Hereditary Grannd Duke of Tusty,'-th-' recently betrothed of the Princess Anne of Eaxony, who has been here for the last few days, left lst night for Stettin, en roaue for Copenhagen. He is a pretty-looking boyish youth of 21, and resmnrkable among the many military by whom he Mwas surrounded during his -stay here by his beardless face and very fanciful head-gear., A few months back we had a good many .reports afloat of visits that the Emperor Louis Napoleon intended to pay to rarious ptrfs of Gemaany, Switzerland, &c..; that onae of thee reports, the one with reference to Carlsbad, was in a great degree grounded is evident from the following :-In- the month of May a young French physic' of high repute with the faculty in-Paris, arrivedhere and consulted one of the most skilfu pathologisbs of this place, described very accurately the symp-. toms of his patient, all .of which pointed- distinctly to an affection of the liver, anud inqluired if the Carlsbad waters were well calculated to give his patient relief, giving, at the same time, the distinct intimation that nothing but the atsolute certainty of a cure would induce his patient to resort to that place. The young French physiciam, onleaving Berlin, proceecdud to Vienna and Pt agae, for the purpose of consulting further medical anthorities in Austria. In the latter part of last Juty the physician whom he had consulted here receivedl a costly snuffbox from Paris, with a few linest from - his Frenlh medical colleague, requesting his acceptance of it as a token of acknowledgment for bis professional advice; he would probably guess tor whose benefit the service had been asked, but the consultation had, he grieved to say, been unproductive of any result, for "our Emperor is restricted by political considerations even- ini the choice of a spa. A good deal of interestis excitedhere justnow bya deputation of Hun garian Protestants, whose ob ject is to raise sympathy and eventually to secure assistance for the cause of Protestantism in Hungary, described to be grievouslyjeopardized by the concordat in Austria. The first step t hey appear tobe taldkg is to obtain leae tocolectaubscriptions for building a Protestant church in Hungary, and - they are said l already to have received avery pronuse of support and assistance in the Eighest quarters. - The affair of the Prussian corvette Dantsic with the Hiff pirates has given rise to several instidanes of conject,ral politics -prematurely developed; it' is. affirmed in many organs of the press that thiGo-- vernment has already made application to ours for a plan of co-operation agaunst these piratical wreckers, and various-reginents -of Jilgers are already indicated as. those selected for the expedition. From Paris also the news has been received-here of a Prussian note havingbeen delivered there requeAting the c-operation of Fraice also. I believe that~ all these and similar statements are unfounded, and - that no steps of any. sort will be takenr in the matter here until after the return hi.th:e of Prince Adalbeit. - 'The accounts. -whi6ht have been received of 'the sympathy anc. respectful consideration shown at Gibraltar- for those who.fell oni this ocasion have bieen a great source ofiaatis'faCtioni to all, and itls.to,-bejroe1, for the cr3dit of Prumia, that those:in.,power i= gadly-avaail it eni- selves of tbi adirable'opportunity of resasujoijcan, active-,part in-. the, community- of. uropeart interest; of,obtnini fron. te Chambers.anin- c4eased vote towards the. creation-of an Adqiatemarine force, and--wipiih--goutnthisounirnpekei able- field -of maitime funess the- stigm which, deservedly - or unideservedly, Prui$ss cbmpulsory inaction; in the late grand conflict has thrown upon . her., But , if the ,course to be taken be put to the vote of the zBerliners, - whose calibre has -no opening for generous feelings for the common weal or for -the patriotc emotions attributed to Prussians _gene- 1-rally, all further- attempts against such rougghu-ue tomerm as the Rifswould be kept strictly in ablayance, and (ptr encourager les autres) PrinOC 4l. bert would be brought to a court-martial for risking the - eeod ship Dantsic. - It must also be admitted, :inl mitigationeof thepaltri3iess of the cu t fee].illg eon t subject, that, assuming prwdence to be -the better par o valour (which -is very characteristic of this.plac), Pnnce Adalbert- only ex-- hibited the inferior porti6n of that virtue. - - - - Some particulars that have feached me-of the at-- tempt-s made-by a Prussian subject, backed bv the 'Prussian Consul in -E,rypt,- to resist the Vicery's |plan of MaJdig the ~avtion of the Nile a moaoPIdIy for the anvanetage of a, favouied few, may.-be I interesting to youir readers;- Shortly after his at- tainii3g hMs - Viceroyalty Said Pasha - conferred ' oi - certain favourites the e:celnisive priilge of f=rM ;ng a company for .he steam navigation of the Nle;these personrs sold their privilegeto divers merchaata in Alexandria for 2,250., and Lthewe latter at oicebrought out a compim,y, the share of which were all greedily' bough-t"up it a fortnight. - Atten*ion boinig thereby dlrawnto the circumstances unler whigh this company claimed the exclusive -xight Of n,.v,iatin the Nile in fui wereri phblihed. g9ains thie POW 0er' b Viceroy to confe..on, otherma,rivi1ega not even vested,i him self ,and nn th pro. testors -the most numerous and energetjc~r.:.ere English -merchants, but whose'effoiwere'pustyzed by the untowr4 'circumstance thait General at Alexandria; di fered-from:then'i% o,pinion and upheld the' Viceroy's - elaiD.§ _ _nquairiest'de boy -vaious per ns rweceived for answdr, ttaL the Government would not allov-ny private ponoto ply a steamer along the lile, and that every- pre caution woudd be taken. both- zat.)anmetta-an ,'at Rosetta to' Sretvn'er,ny atfempt,of -th-S kzdn- On this a Prussian, nauie-d Tiffler17ppr ed a steaiei for the purpose o,f bringing -:the, question of rigAt to an issue, and steaiied and-,towed fso Cairo,to Alex andria.under the Prusian flag ;.. but on his arrival there the angry r6monstrances ,6f the dciorif the embryo prv,ileged company prevailed on. Said. Pasha to forid'hia m e-pressly to,continue his excursions, and, to -give strict ordera to authoritie concerned to prevent-his passage by force.: iUndeir' thiee -circuratauces there a no alternat.ive 7e-f but to yield -as' regarded the -rips o' the' steamer; but Baronx von Penz, the PrussThn, "onsul-General there, lies delive,red ina a-'ormal protest to the Viceroy, and ferwarded a etate-' ment of thease to Herr von Wildenbruck at Con-' atantinople, with the equest that,he will move the Sultan to ommand Said PasfIn-fatuure to permit ; everyEuropean to navigate the Nile and the carals o f the country 'without let .or hinldrance. And thus" the matter rests at present. '-. l ' --, A Aletter from Tistehuk, dated the 10thinstant, says,.,-- "The robberies in this province, more particularly onthe' roads- from Varna to Shumla and from Rasgrad here,, have so much increased of late that tio TurkiShlsl Gdve ment has found 'itself compelled to send hither a saclAI; *bmmniary in the persont of'.Nusseot Bay, avery sldlfai police agent, for the purpose of taking meas-ufe getting the better of thete 'robbers. He has already suao-' eeded in apprehending about- a hundred individaLi' :who lie under the susiocion of being engaged in highway robbery. Their trialWil inaafew days-come nat Shdnfla. Nussret Bey has, moreover, been empowered to have any discharged Bashi-bazcuks whbn he may take with arms in 'heir hands shot at once. According to news.just received from Giurgevo there were several perso is stoppe a na plundered yesterday on the road to Bacharest." I En another portion'of the Turkish empirennore' irmediately under the- control of the Turkish authorities things ,appear to be not much better; the folowing' is the narrative of an incident that oc-. curred inPalestine'in the cours -of the month of ;July :--One of the ioAt ill-reputed robbers of that ,country is a certai Abu Ghorn, an athletic Mloor, a slave belonging to. .the Sheik of the Wuheidi, a Bedouin tribe in the neighbourhood of Gaza. This Jindividual in 'the summer of i834 (when, on occasion of a feucd breaking out amon-gthe Fellahas of the Valley of Saron; this latter had been overrun by the southern tribes of Bedouins,) had gained for himselE a-bad pre-eminence- by pillage and murder. On his extending his incursions upon. the villAges of the Gebel'Tablous, the goveinor of, chose parts sent a- troop of irregular cavalrylout againsit hi'm,'and-compelled him to retire, though' only after-having killed five of the' horsemnen with ins own hand. After '-this feat'the police of the country thoWght it lxat not to' pursue him fur-: thr,` and he- ' Eved -quietly for two years an the tents- of -his master. 1 Brt lately the officer under -whose command the five men had. been met the- Moor mnatineid at the Baaar' in' Rainleh, arrestedhim, ahd with the assistanice of athe Mutselim of the- town' carried him off'to' Jerusalem ivhere -the Governor, Kiamul Pasha, loaded im with irons and. threw him into prison. No sooner, however, hail the Wheidis heard of the mishap that had- befallen thoi hero than they sent: a, deputation to,- Jerusalem to negotiate'; ,vith~ the Pasha for the - ibration of -hJis' captive. Upon this tho Pasha' proposed to'the 'Dvan to give Abu G;hori a severe lecture -ad then ' to draw up a declaration that the assembly - laa discharged him on accouwnt of the deep repent- a,r.ce he ehiited. The Divan rejected the proposal: unanimously; nevertheless, the Pasha took - his own course, and delivered the mulrderous robber uipto the deputation.' -This-incident soon got abroad' in-the town, and- has caused no-little excitement and astonishment there. - - All the preparatory operations being terminated the workg of the additional fortficationo --be erected for the defence of Alessandria comnmencedon the 18th. - - - . - MassimodAz,egliD-had.rtumed to-Turin from. Tuscany. , - Prince Lucien Murat and Miarshal Baragu,y d'Hilliers had arrived atAix-les-Bins. On the 20th inst. a general meeting of the shareholders of the Novara, ailway was held at Turin, for the purpose of considering the expediency of its fusion with the Victor Emmanuel Company. After some discussion,.the proposition was adopted by a majority of 2,300 against 800. Tho assembly afterwards adjoumned to the next day to deliberate on a vote of confidence to be given to the Board of Directors, to enable them to carry the resolution into effect. The line will comnmence, at COloz, on the French frontier, cross the entire kingdom of Sardinin, and terminatwe on --tho Lombard frontier, at the Tic,ino,. - The filan (azeU of the 19th'inst. mentions thearrival in that city, on the lSth,'of- Baron de iaa Miister of the tnteribr of Austrio. - - -A letter from Yaples of the 11th inst. states that' two war stn'ers had beer despatched in all haste for Palermo, where- a collision -was said to have taken place between the Neapolitan troops ana the Swis.
.EDINMHRGHI ipRovmnnTis.-AIthough there are fow large matnixdacturing establishmensf in Edinburgh to Dettract a great nUInberof the working classes to it as a eIld foi employe6it,Yet the attractions of our city as a place ofresidene, and the employmeit given to tradesmen hy-the expenditire-of the resident gentrTy and professional ni'n, together- *i* the -advantages of its educatiBnal estabirsh raents, allcoftribntetoswel the tide of population, whi-l marks its increase in the continued extension of the riy.. duia;toe last decennial pei6dfroiasl8 olsd11,.thepopuWlato d urgh and Leoth increased from 166,450 to 1A93920, Wei an-addition of 27429 in. 10 years. At the satnerate of ncrelae -the poplati6n of-themetrodolit -is 4ob -210,0d. fThis, inrease ,of population mas gena aninpalse t5 the -building trade, so long stagnate aftr-the' ovr speculation Iof 1825. if.thi. the last five yearn there Ilae abeend biLst the beautiful bufaiings of lriienaZncresenk - Eaton-terrae r nd vambria ' d ter, OD of 'thb an=dolph-place,adGet rdk4art-str.of -hse, been c6mw . p.letd. Tle l .ba rge district o the south of the il Thcpedp*hltsin c the Grang itehiofse Estabteatq,r GieenhMI ,Morerngsidle, aend erebiston, e xteurl over a 'space og a&almst cverewith hous*~ad* ch inI&ermore wil - avebcoino, a; souther ciyo-vlse. ~iinbersof huses iui-'tlle same syehv nul, ~and- ae bildng,o7i th'e noisth d f:h ct V :~~i~it~ andn "rin"on;? y.nsresfhe '24umerous dWeIlffig-louSezarsini erogre" tran hr 'ae -lers than 13 cluinyhesbes ilding, orboto.euI' -aey,teBaptit ch_ireh, iDpibn-sre,-o h'l~ 4reet;St.Andrew's o hapel,aot koCo& botCurch St. Ande'-~r,6t~i~- ~ay~ reo~St.,~ae~Prougbbon-Streit.- idpndn t1oi~ 'Uni 'P±esbseisnthu±cb So\tIi Cl ,a Dr. Pedle'scongrgaurnb;ri8b -E00l CiA itel Csothle; ksretlewOuChAsajxne ,J.- rplnddmnsin~,= :nw.buiian.-i-tbe-ROY#i ..a np~ogresg_ atBruntsfield-tearae-0 (& siewi stieet facing theo Ihaska~ t G,reeiihill~), and adx ~nbre. in' Greenhill.gardens. - A -neW - a~et %to becalled; Leucbars-street, is 'in progress bhind' Clrendon-crescent. .lae a idditionsar being made'to,the ~2dvcats'.Librry; an on theo opoaite side of Georgel'y., Bridge 'and. 'Victoria-tcrrace. lag 'aind -handsome-. buziaings ,are- -in progress. - At , loYrood n erv, ic-' C~Isses have .- been- formned to the Palace from 1 the south and north, :which have - greatly imuproved 'Its a* p p4asnuce.., A large :1r.nge of Ibui1din 'is nearly ftLujish,forming one of the four sides of Melville.crewcent, Melville. stieet. The Lie Associationxof Sotlana isaec-tingsaband-- sdnie edife in Frinces-streck~wbicbniso:eiulr -,design -to the new CommbreiaL.Bank Ain Gordon -atree3,' - qlaNgOw., A.& new-, street - has i_em c ope eadiangfrorf~ Lauriston-to the-MeAdov~s, and severiull hossaeeetng there. The new-roaddromn the soutll 'aide df_ the city to: -3Thiddingston AandPortobello,ithrou&teQee P~p be'm for,, tid- wiM b co'Dmmence iamme* d* Y Th-Tc,~7Cuai :-have- ;apprbwed -the- i- r.upon the neW 'raXoxh es-ftbNtidn&t -' talz,aait is-incut f-ornto.-Luadto fessor ilionisbbeig. ct,,and-wi)l2be& erected-in EastQb BfelviieLis to be erected-.nintet of. the County BLUildings.: the sttue. o thepet,&rebo proreadn . I gOf tus great.
,~ - . . , : . r E _ - - . TO THE EDITOR or, TE Ti1ES. 8ir,-In yourI publio*tion of 'oday "A :Reident d ot Many Years in the River FIAW'- adoues me of " missttem6entse' in my letter which appeared in your number of the 18th ast. -Theinrsb of .these_ is that I kt' ithe Congress of the Argentine Confederati3n propo-edto,doublethe duties onh foreign fmerchaidise frchx--Buenos Ayres and Montevideo whereasyour corresfondent aerts that it was to be p' i. bited altogether. LIthis were so, it would onsly prove that I d understaited my case; but in the project of law which I enlose -youi will see tht, -by art; 1,se.I,llmrhids notaBect to spec ificdutywl(four moonthsafterthe proniulgtion -f the law) py double the ordinay duty sec.2--all merchandise: s*Oct to specific duty will p in addition theretos 30 per cnt. ad 'a{e2n.wm The. secoid alleged nAsstatement, is, 'that vessels only of' shight,draught-of 'ater can be emplyed i tho f -re"- a demnderthepeoeed law,'and that the ports of th Confederation can only ae redched bT X river of intricate navigatioeu "A Resident".saytlthat " the very reverse of thisis-the eae The entrce totheRiver Parna is by-the 'channel of Mrtin_Gria and I believe that no vessel is con,sidered-safe, to pass throuagh it of a- greater draught than 1 feet,: to which depth tlie vessels of wrar your correspondent alludes to had alltolielighten,ed before they could enter tho Parana,; and the nearest port of the Confederation is situate~ some 200 miles nlp that rsver,-which is wrinding, and stedded with isaands. --- The td objechton is to my descr'.ptioa of the orts of Montevideo and Buenos Ayres as "safe and easly-aucess1ble--harbouts."' '-This'is tacitly aditted as regards the former, mnd the most conclusive answer I can give in the case of the latter is that th'e premium of insuranoe in both cases, from shore to-shore, is precisely the same. 'But your correspodent,goes beyond these alleged " nisstatements n of mmne, andasserts that neither Buenos Ayr" norlfontevideo is afiree 'rliandthatforeignnmerchandiseis 'there subject to dteies whi&- wold be saved to the inter'or yProvices by direct importation.r-. N1ow, to use "A RMeident'leow vCorcs, the very reverse of this is the case. Any;one connected-with-the trade could have told bim-that t bth pbrts the b6nUd-sen is carrie out in the most liberal form, so that the growezs are already suapled 'fr6e of duty, and, in this respect mut least, not a single d'rntage' can accrue to them front the nev scheme. I repeabt therefore, that,serious embarrAssment and injury wil b occasioned to foreign trade by forcing it out of its present safe and accustomed channels, in order to syread it overa number of small-and individuAlly insgafcaut-ztown, scattered over 'the banlms of the interior rivers; while its ,chief result would be to injure the larger cities at the mouth' of the Platei whereitis admitted that the wealth and comumerce; aud Iniay addthu intelligence and civfiization, of the whole country are centred. ' As totheresults of our diplomaev in the Plate hitherto your correspondent is silent, and limits his appkuse to the " enlightened" cou,rse that Her Majesty's Government are now pursumng. Every one whot,ikesan interest in those fine countries .nuss deeply regiet^th disiiiion between the city and pro.- 'vince of Buenos Ayres and the interior States; but it-ismost anjust-to.throw the whole blame of this on the Buenos Ayreans; and. -it -seims 'to ine anything but wise or prudent to takea apat in -the dissension, -and to lend all the weight' and influence of our diplo1-| macy to the side] of Gentral 'Urquiz&andthe Confedera- tion, ignoringaltogethertherights and _retensions of Bnenos | Ayres. There can be no reasonable hope that the latter will quietly submit to the,Government of General Uxquiza, after all that has taken place in the last fewyexrs; andif this result is to be proanuced by force, I s -y agatn itish'time for the bondholdea and every, one else'whozhs' anything at stake -iElihco-mtrj, to take some thought in thematter. The wealthy piovincea.oLBuenos Ayres is at present maling rapid. prgress in the, internal development of-its grzeat-xesources. 'Its capital is the chief seat of trade, and there'arecentred ahmost all the interests of British sub'ects connec ted wiith the 061 uitty. That thiese -wouldl be the first. tow sufer in casel of a renewal of the civil war "A Resident'" wdll scarcely deny.' The only danger of such a calamitylies on the side of the Confederation, and the encouragement which our Ministers seem disposed to give to Gezeral Urquiza does not tend to diminish it. ' ; I remain, Sir. Your obedient servant. . - . X.' lAgust20. - (Translation from El Ncionatof Buenos Ayres, Jmly 2.) "ARGEsSME CONYZRATION. "'Parsna.-,The ConDge,s had entered on the dicusasonof the project on directitrade, and, afer setting aside the particr project of MeEsRulined& and L'ucero, had entere& on a warm «disru=`on,Ct4&.'foNowin- having b-bn snctioned:- "Art. L-Four m,onths after the promulgation of the present liw, merchandise proceedin from within the Cape which a introduced intothe fit aports of the Confederation,,wi 1payi,iinport duies as fol1osu M& 6 7erchindsa mnot, subject to specific duty will pay double tbe ordinay.duty.. " 2. lMezchandise subject to specific duty shall be charged So.per cent. va ralorem additional.. 3, Merchandise introduced direct from beyond the Capes to the aforesaid aorts will continue to pay only the ordiD=y dufies.. "The orodects, raw o* manufactured, of the Orenial' Repubolic tf th& lTrugus~y-those of Paraguay andof the finvial povssessions of the Brazilins withlin the Capes inrO~ duced directly Sy.te ?foresaid ports, reman as iin the foregoing article. :, b ' . - '~ 't' ; "5. Proidttmanufctured in t;he pr&since of Buezios Ayres, and raw produce from-the sane rorvince, will be ad-, nuitted ifree of 4uties ae retional products..- "It was approvred in ge,neI almost unanimnously, and the -dicreionin etail foflowed. ~'Tbefflneist,ei Cafdl had shown great opposition."
SnZUn OP D wHaOGIso ni -GRM AT LMss-- Last -week Messrs. Thomas Englnad and Dickenson Hurt. ley, corn mercbants,of LWarehouse-liil, Leeds, wern sM-_mnoned before the magistrates, at the Courthouse, for ! having in their possessions, expoied for sale, 12 quarterss an&dpwardsof eah -which ws unfitforlhe food of man. when seized by the luspector -of Nuisnces, The cme ex. cited a good deal of interest, and the courtt whee the comzplaint was heaid. was crowded bf corn aner6hants nD. others. There was ,a reat deal of discusdion between the . opppsig COUse lon t bearng ef the 20to section of theo 2usrnce eieDval :ct,k and one or two objections of, -A f6nss,a'chictr,, on' the part of the defendants' ad c*at waire overruled by the bch Another obiecion takeni. .2 for fthe defonoe wa that no inspect6r had a right to. enter & inArchant's rarehou*irithout a writtem authority f but the rir nmagistrae, t.. ton, 'replied tt this was what they__ jisat.allsubmit-to cr tbe good 67 society. Mr. Euggon,an izslytioee chby' Pvec that the corn -eized by the b or-was - fit for-e food of m.- The amrle pro-*r doed itankAbowiu&Xyly; aud it appeared to be co od - of three.fourths- of rown earth and coo-fourh of d. coloured grains c ft.1 The oinaI for the defen ±elied on-he atlon that the wheat was not exped for alek-it was sinpi warehoued ;- it had reachd r. Eg ,; land inthe orditry way, and his sariants had siniDy depo.'-r sited itin tho best ay they could until they hPa receiied 9 The orders of the jowner. He, therefore, caoled upon tieL bench to disriss the cae. Xr. Enpigaid corrobortod the staterent of his: ad'ocate, and said -thit the wheat would have been used for3snurm; itformed4thedamaged portion - of a cargo of 3,800 qsuaters from Egypt. Te decision of:'' .tbe bench was it length,given yMr1. -,ptb)nasfollows-~ "*te subject Is one of deep irmpotancetDtlepublic and thea magistrates have given it a great deal of con,Sidderat,ion xr.'Sands, the Inspector; has perfo .edijsuties we and. pr.oper". He ho is- aed in accordifica With l&ar, and de a.> commendMiom., We are of opinion that the corn' H coin lamed of wt not exped for sle, 'ithin tha meaning of the sta inamsEmucb.As it is proved to our satidfotion - t.att it posrsed. zio, moneyva2use *hatever. W' areof.. opinion tnat ornL ph.aed in -wrehouses unfit for the food ot ,inan is~ walnysseiyab1ly the inspector, id that there is great danger .to tSe peron holdig-itof i nitg ooDv&cCed 5- nn,der this act-oi Prhiillent, bnlta hes c& iearlyandI- -psfactor ybehou that he bad it not in, li' poeseinon for -- ' any of the purposs oonteu-plate-i7the i ,t.n&he O(asu -olfcsidi wfill. rstupon C himn. - n order to event any ii -- fornationof o` aofthischaracter, ifif s srabae M&?J wilLbe prdent on heart of persous eb4ina PoP"on of le iuch Dorr at once-teaanounoe -ti aSt Jo the inopeer, iin- order that it ma y le examiued wid. di-posed of in suc . man'ner as wil prevent the sage of it'for human fo&od" The defendint's counad'heunuromired to ake nianure of t1he i en'tu I, i tnde ti. 1ir -~z Srxvx -TBauZ.-Two 1t}ge lAsuo books (A asd~B), 'issued on, Study, eoin. a cvaesinoua eomsz--> tpondsnee with the Dri±i-Zh Commiadondxa at &-riao -a Havanisab, the Cape, Ka dLoesda- with reportu . fr9 .th . -BsitsVice-Admiiraty Courts and fro mavaromear s-s labg to the slave trde. The dates xenkd frqn t AprU .185 Marob,6, '- .-'- .''' i:i-
1OB1 COCKBURBYS MRORIALS O HIS. - I,.I3fE.Sy The "ftime ", of lord Cockburn was a very remarkable time, 'and -it occurred to him, as he him*self states, seivera, yearsi ago, that it' m-si to be e-: gre-tted th4t no private acco,Zut ;boiAd be preserved: of the distin'guished-inen or important events that bad marked the proa'res3s of SclhtlnAd,- or at least ,o- E.inburgh, ,duMnn his day.) i1.e had never 3made a smngle n-ot- with ,a-iler: . to such a recordc but about 1821. hi bega to re-I calk-et and inquiref Such is the account whichl -,m ho gives gE-the- o-ri<,ri-of his "Me-- -iorials,"- of whichins- execuf4rs, ias' weuuide'stand, *iL3iave published'.'that iion only,whicl. was written LJietween 1821. andthe- close of .1830, omitin -also ':from this the. characters of certt3in 'ehiinent. men, H eas H ry Er,skie and the.-frt lod 3elville, and the details of some'remmarkatbleevents, such as the establishment of the`Edinburgl Review, &c., '-vshich have been -already given to the world in 'ord COdckubin?s i:fe of Lard J rey; and on theacceptableness of this publication we can at lease say this,-his executors have given us, with all its -curtailments, one of .the few books of the season I which have any real substance. or originality in their pretensions. The Edisnburgh Berietv, with. its associatious, .which we put iaside, is, in virtue of some of iits * antecedents, part of our national story. It was the banner of a -lass movement, and what it accomplished we have heard abundantly from Lord Odekburn himself, and as agoreeably from others who, like Sidney Smith, had a larger share in the exertions by which it was-set on foot. But, if the IRe- viw were left-out of the question there remained a. collateral progress and memorable transition; in '-Scottish society; and there was concurrentlv a. literary, scientilic, and legal nucleus in the northern.-apital.which hiadunusual vitality, which displaied marked characteristics, and of which the memorials are exceedingly curious, and deserving this record. - Bor any one who immediately, or at. second hand, was locally acquainted with the celebrities of lord Cockburn's pages we can well imagine his Memorials will have a personal attractiveness which extends to.ourselves with remoter influence. Even - 'we, however, are impressed withl the distinctive attributes of the class of men whose memory he preserves, acd can admire the manly virtues and robust intercowse of worthies whose heads and stomachs, .on Lord Cock'oun's showing, must have *been equally above the average of the present generation. If we ascribe to Lord Cockburn's friendship some enhancement of their importance, and allow for Eome natural exaggeration of their public merits, there remaims sufficient evidence of the existence in his particular circle of a society of remarkable force, earnestness, and vivacity. Postponing for the present their public achievements, we find that they supped and soaked with the same energy and hardi-hood with which they discusseld metaphysical and politicalproblems. Their naturally dry and polemical spirits were so copiously Lubricated at friendly festivals that their tastes were tinged with the rich hues of claret,and their virtues have a strong aroma, derived from whisky-toddy. They may be aptly described in the language which Grammont applied to Lord Taaffe and the Duke of Richmond, as being " par-ticularly attached to each other, and still more to wine;" and this inclination, which we ascribe to their "caller air," may or may not be a commendable trait in the eyes of posterity, but there can be no doubt that it tended to heighten - their salient qualities, and to combine some unctuous graces with their angular developments. Like hedgehogs, they displayed their full proportions when wetted, and the knowledge of this circumstance we presume induced Lord Cockburn to make a prominent display of their convivial habits in conjunction with their public pretensions. There appears also to have been among them an - anunsial proportion of persons . whom we should describe as "characters" and. "eccentrics"-men whose peculiar bearing and habits were* in no ways softened by the facilities for assimilation which we enjoy in these days. The Edinburgh of Lord Cockburn's earlier . recollections was not the modernized cosmopolitan city it has become. It was more secluded and inaccessible, while it also contained a number of old places, usages, and institutions which foster local prepossessions, but which have since disappeared. Lord Cock-burn, in the passage we are about to quote, remarks on the decided influence also exercised by the long war in keeping society in. its ancient grooves, while it simultaneously intensified. and. developed all its vigorous peculiarities. He is speaking of the firstfew vyears of this century when hs says- "The society of 3dinburgh has never been better, or indeed so good, since I knew it as it was about tbis time. It continued in a state of high animation till 1815, or perhaps till 1820. Its brilliancy was owing to a variety of peculiar circumstances which only operated during this period. The principal of these were-the survivance of several of the eminen' men of the preceding age, and of curious old habits which the modern flood had not yet obliterated; the rise of a powerful community of young men of ability; the exclusion of the British from the continent, which. made this place, both for education and for re-idence, a favourite resort of strangers; the war, which maintained a constant. excitement of milita preparation and of militaryidlenessthe blaze of that poplAiteraturewhiehmadethisthesecona city in the empire for learning and science,; and the extent and the ease with which literature and society embellished each other, withoot rivalry and without pedantry. The first abstraction from this composition was by the deaths of our interesting old. Then London drew away several of our best yonu". There was a gap in the production of fresh excellence. peace in 1815 opened the long-closed floodgates, and gave to the continent most of the strangers we used to get. A new race of peace-formed native youths came on the stage, but vwth little literature, and a comfortless intensity of political zeal; so that by about the year 1820 the old thing was much worn out, and there was mo new thing of the same piece to continue or' replace it. 3Mrch urdonbtediy remained to make Edinburgh still, to those vrho knew how to use it, a city of Goshen, and to set us above all other British cities except one, and, in some things, above even that one. But the exact old thing wras not." There is no doubt as to the central figure in any man's recollections, and for this reasoni we begin with Lord Cockburn himself, though he modesly strives to keep his own person in thebackground. His portrait at the age of 40 gives us a pleasing impression of a clear and intelligent spirit, but we may doubt whether Lord Cockburn had ever the opportunity of bringing, into play all his varied capacities, while we know that his success and preferment in public life came late. He was the son of a gentleman who eventuallybecame a Baron of the Exchequer; and he-wasborn in] 779, though he is unable to say where. He went at the age of eight years to the High School of Edinburgh, of which Dr. Adam, of the Roman Antiqtities, -was then the head, and of ,vhich he had anythingibut grateful reminiscences. The latter is accounted j for -when-we learnthat out-of his four yesrs' attendance there were probably not ten days in which he was not flogged at lea-t once, that he never got a single prize, and once sat boobie at the annual public examaination. Dr. Adam is described as a laborious and tolerant teacher, and as absorbed in his vocation, as was singularly illustrated 'by his well-known dying words, "It is getting dark, boys; we nust 'put ofF the rest till to-morrow " but Dr. Adam's subordinates, -as young Cockburn's cuticle testified "were ruthless and indiscriminate, and kept him ina state of stupid terror. - He and some of his school'nates accordingly commemorated their final libera- tion from the hated tyranny by erecting a pillar snd depositing in a crevice a tin box filled with coins which he himself had to resuea 20 yeaTs later when. endangered by contiguous excavators. Brougham -and Francis Horner were at the High School Atuthe same time as himself, and Homer was dex. Of B-rougham Lord Cockburn tells the following anec- dote - Brougham vwas not in the class with me. Before gettiing - fto the rector's class he had been under Luke Eraser, who, ,- in hi two imMindatelY preceding curses of four years- c-ah, had the: good fortune to have Francis Jerey and'alter Scott as his pupils Brongham mado his first public explosion while at Frs's clara. I e dared to differ from ; Fraser, a hot but good-natured old fellow, on some e,isa'l -bit of ILtinity. The m,aster,like otheriueli in power, mIan- ,tmed his own' ifaUlllty, punished the rebel, and fiat- ee d himself that theaffairwas oyer. -Bt Brouhain re'nppeared nexct day, loaded wath ceolas, returnea to the , chatge bfore the whole clas, and compl,ed honest L"i to: acknowrledge tha he had bean wrongfJIUS made Brougha'm fanious throughout -the rwhole schoo 7. I remember, as we31 r .'35 if it bad been yesterday, haing-had him pointed out to me as 'the fellon' who-had beattlomaster.' ItwastCens I.t fatIfirst sawhi." - . - b m :It is remarkable, hoievier, thai- this story,- told 'vith so much circumstantiality, is d eLued, as we lar. informed, by lord Brougham himself, and we cea 2only account for this-by assuming that. tihe circii. -stance occurred on-the part of some other boy, andl .That Brougham, then prominent 'was by mistdke* made its hero. This suggests the necessity of cauti. - ; * 2 iroieof his Tim; by Henry 4bun. Edir. I L=@b. Blank; 1S3)& oualyx eceiving -ahc- stories when they arQ founded on-hearsay-testimoay, oron recollections of-4avery early date. - . -We are not, however,_awaw of any otherinstances which :Lord Cockburns `recollectioe s are so in accurateas in this.- Ere 'a* sent; Be tas,to the College of. Ediniburgh -in-laOS ;ndy there he npened runder Dalzel and Duigald Stew;az. ThIzel, who was author-of,.- thc-CoUlectssea Grcxf, &c., used to agree with th'ose who say.hat't is 'partlyowing W. its Presbyteriaiisnithat Scotliaji isew classical than EpiscopalEugland. Sidney Smithi sserted that le had overheard the Profebsoermitteri-ip one dark night in the street to himself,- "if it 'aid not been for that cofounded Solemn Ieague and Covenant we should have made as 'ood longs an.d shorts as .they." From1 Finlayson's lectures on logic Cockburn wras promot'ed to the moral philosophy class of Dugald Stewar~t, 'whose persobnal: qualification&-and inilluence over the mind of the wvriter.are set forth to our southera ears- in 'ternms somewfit'yeb- "He lectured standing, from notes which, with their successive additions, must, I suppose, at la:t have 'been nearly as full as his spokeis words, Eis lecturing -manner was professorial, but gentlemanlike; calm and, expository, but rnsing into greatne_, or softening into tencerress, wheaever bis smbect requirea it. A slght asthruitI6 iffection nnadebinm often clearhis throat; and sbh -was my .admira. tion of the -whole exhibition that Macvey Napier told himn not long ago, that I had- said.there was cloquence in b vry splittig. Then;' said he, 'I am glad there was at least one thins inwhich I had no competitor!- There are some, and those good judges, who have deo reciasted his lectures, on acnount of what they. call vaguen;ss, bywhich they mean the absence of strict,- aud, paraicailarly, of metaphysical reasoning, -which, they ti, made bis course evaratte in frittess generaldeclamatioR.' The real import ofts criticism is thatit was not prelections on the philosophy of morals that the critics desired. His g3e.tiity asdu -his indulgence in moral themes, which are whatthese hardhladed censors comiplainuof, constitutedthe'v-rycharm oi his course. A stronger-infusion of dry matter, ,especislly =etaphysical, - would have extinguisheu its 'magic.- The breadth and simplicdty of his -views might, not unnaturally, have made him appearsuperficial, to - those who did not undertsandhims. Bathieweo, eitherin thebudness of life or in the prosecuti6n o- philosophy, had occasionto recdr to princeples, always found that, either for study- or for-prac- tico, Stewart's doctrines were his surest guide. To me his lectureswere like the opening of the heavens. I felt that I had a soul. His noble 'views, -unfolded in glorioes sen-. tences, elevated me into a higher world. I was asmruch' cxcited and charmed as any man-of cultivated tas te would. be, who, after being ignorant of their existence, 'was admnitted to alltho gloriesof Milton, and Cicero, and Shakspeare. They changed my whole nature. In short, Degald Stewart was one of the greatest of didactic orators. ad-i he lived in ancient times his meniory would have descer-ded toius as that of one of the finest of the old- eloquen' sages.:- !But his lot was better cas Elourishing- in an age which irquires all the dignity of morals to counteract the tendencies of physical- pursuits and -political convulsion, he has exalted the character of his country and his generation. No inteligent pupil of his ever ceasedato respect philosophy, or -was ever false to his prmciples, witbout fee-ingthe crime aggravated by the recollection of the morality that Stewart had taught him." The teaching of Finlayson and Stewart forned- a fitting prelude to the academical and speculative societies in which Cockburn took part. -A this stage he recalls come of the amusements of his early days, which are indexes of the flight of time and the change in our manners. At the danringrooms in George-square so rigid was the etiquette that " lTo couple could dance unles each party was provided with a ticket prescibing the pzscise place in the precise dance. If there was no ticket, the gentlem anor the 'ady was dealt with as an intru der, and turned out of the dance. If the ticket had marked upon it-say for. a country dance, the figures 3.5, ibis meant that the holder was to place himself in the t7irddance,ar,ndifth from the top; and if he was anywhere else he was set right' or excluded; and the partner's ticket must correspond. WI on the hpor g Irl who, with ticket 2. 7, was found opposite a youth marked 5.9 ! It was flirting without a license, and looked very ill and would probably-be reported by the ticket director 6f that dance to the mother. Of comrsd, parties or paredri who wished tosecure dancing for 'themselves or those they hiad charge of provided themselves with correct and corresponding vouchers before the ball day arrived, This could only be accomplisher. through a director, and the election of a Pope sometimes required less jobbing. When parties chose to take their chance they might do so; but still though only obtained in the room, the written permission was necessary; and such a thing as a comnact to dance by - a couple without official authority would have been an outrage that could scarcely be contemplated. Tea was sipped in siderooms, and he was a careless beau who-did not present his partner with an orange at ths endof each dance; and the oranges and the tea, like everything else, were under exact and positiveregulations." The dinner regulations were -still more - rigorous and oppressive. The dinner hour,- after a series 'of iniovations, and protests5 and disputes, over each half-hour's advanca,.ranged at length between five and six. In the procession to the dining-room al the ladies first went -off. by themselves in a regular row, according to the ordinary rules of precedence. Then the gentlemen followed in a corresponding file, and when they also reached the diningf-room they found the ladies lingering abou-t the baemks of the chairis till they coulo learn £h.r fate by the gentlemen.'s selection- of partners. What followed is stated at somne length, but it is exceedingly curious as an evidence of the' social revolution accomplished in the last half-century: .- "Healths and toasts were special: tormenu-oppressions which cannot now be conceivedL Every glass dunng dinner required to be dedicated to the health of some one. It was thought sottish and rude to take wine without this, as if, forscoth, there was nobody present worth drinking vith.- I was present, about 1803, when the late Dnke of Bu,celeuclb took a glass of sherry by himself at the table of Charles Hope, then Lord-Advocate, and this was noticed afterwards as a piece of ducal contempt. And the person asked to take wine was not insited by anything so slovenly as a look, combined with a putting of the hand upon thebottle, as is practised by near neighbours now. It was a much more serious affair. For one thing, the wine was very rarely on the table. It had to be called for, and, in order to let the servant know to whom he was to carry it, the caler was obliged to specify his partner alond. All thisrequired some premeditation andcourage. Hence timid men never ventured on so bold a stepatall, butweregladtoescapeby only drinking when they were invited. As this ceremonywas a mark of respect, the landlord, or any other person who thought himself the great man, was generally graciously pleased toperform it to every one present; but he and others were always at libezty to abridge the severity of the dutyby pe$formng im r by platoons. -They took a braee, or two brace, of ladies or of gentlemen or of both, and got them al engaged at once, and proclaiming to the sideboard-' A glassof sherry for Miss Dundas, Mrs 3urray, and IMss tope, and a glass of port for Mr. Hume, and one for me,' he slew them by coveys. And all the parties to the contract were bound to acknowledge each other distinctly. Ifo nods, or grins, or indifference, but a direct look at the obect, the audible uttering of the very words,-'Your good health,' accompanied by a respectful inclination of the head, a gentle attraction of the right hand towards the heart, and a gratified smile. And after all these detachei pieces of attention during the feast were over, no sooner was the table cleared, 'and the after dinner glisses set down, than it became necessary for each person, following the landlor*,to drink-theheilthof.everyotherpersonpresent individually. Thus, where there were 10 people. there were 90 healths drunk. This ceremony was, often slurred over by the bashful, who were alowed merely to look the benedict on, but usage comp'plled them to look it distinctly, and to each indiaiduaL To do this well required some grace, and consequently-it was test done bythepoliterxaffiedandfriled gentlemen of the olden time. "- This prandial nuisance was horrible. But iit was nothing to what followed, for after dinner, and before the ladies retired, there generally-began what were called, rounds' of toasts, wheneach gentleman nam'ed an absent lady, and each lady an absent gentleman separat-ly-,;- br one-pe-son was required to give an -absent lady, and another person;vwn required to match a gentleman with that lady, and'the pair naraed were toasted, generally with-all-sions and j olces about the fitness of the union; and, woist of-all, there were-' sentiments.' These were short -epigrammatic sentences, exprensive of moral feelings and virtues, and were thought rehned and e'egant productions_-A. faint cwnception of their nauseousnes rnay be formed from the following examples, every one of which I have heard given a, thousand times, and whlich, indeed, 1- only recollect from. their beii^ favorites. The glasses being filled, a person was askedi for his or for her sentiment, ivhen- this, or something sinilar, wascommitted,-' May -the_pleasuires of the evening bear the reflections of the morning -;' or, 'May -the friends of our youth he the companions of our old aoe; Ior, 'Delicate pleasueres to susceptible minds;' 'ay the honest heart never f eel distress? ,'May the hand of -charity wipe the tear from the eye of sorrow v 'May never-worse be among use.' Thnere were stores of similar reilactions, and for all hinds of partes,iro theeleantand romnti, tothapoltical,tr psirtes, from she elegant and -romantic,t h oltcl h -municipal,the ecclesiastic, and the .'drunken. Mhfany of the thoughts- and sayings- survive still,- and may oeasionally be heard at aclub or a tavern Bet even there they are out of vogue as established pjiar of the enteriainment, and in some scenes nothing can be very- oftnsive.---But the proper sentiment was A high and pare production-a -moralmotto, and was meant to dignify and grace -private society,Hence, even after an easier age began -to sneer-'at the ds-, p?tyihe correct course was to receive the senti ient,Tifr ot with real admiration, at least with decprou? respect. -Mer cmifuDIy, there was a large know n pobli-c stock 'ot the odiopa 'comsodity, sO that niobody who cou;ld screw nF his n;erves - to pronoiunce th words had any ocesioi tostramn his inven. -tion. The conceited, the ready, or the recless,- hackneyed intheart, hade a knack-of mao?dg newsei;itentippli [cablete the pasing acidents with great ease. -But it was la dreadful oppression on the'timid or 4the awkward.' They used to shudder, ladies - particularly, i for nobody -was sparc4 when their turn in the round approached. Mfany a strugele aid blush did it cost; hut this seemed only to- excite the -tyranny of the masers of the craft, and comnpliance could never bse avoided except by more -torture- then yielding. -Thlere can scarcely be a -better examp1e of the'-emneticil. n ature of the stuff that wvas swalow Ed than :the- seentiment elaborated by the poor dominie at Arndilly.' He 'was called. I-npon, inLhis turn, before a large party,-and having nothing to gmide him in an exercise- to which -be wvas new, except what he Esaw w as liked, after much writhing ar,d -groaning, he oame out with, 'The reflection of tbe iSon in thecawin bo:vm of th& Ike,' It is dilfficv fo those 'wo have been torn under a more natural -system- to comprehend how a sensible man, a respectable matror,, a worthy old maid, and especially a grI, coulld -b expected to go into company o011? on such con 'tion-. " Batu new genebration gradually laughed the sentiments awzy, so that at last one could only be got as a ciurosity from some old-fashibnedlpractitioner. They survivedlonger in iaale parties, especially of-a wild character.. Yet Scott, in presiding even at the grave annual dinners of the Bannatyne Club, always insisted ons rounds of ladies and gentle; men, and of authors and pt.intert,inets and kings, in regular pairs. Of course, in that toastmu. and loyal age, the Hing was never forgotten, even though the company con-' sisted only of the host and-his vife sd 'children;'" 'After- these elaborate' diniers Lord Cockburn 'nevertheless does not forget 'the suppers, -which were the favourite Edinburgh repast, and which he feelingly deplores as ." now fading.into paltry wino. and water." Earlydinners originaUy begat suppers, but the divines and metaphysicians of Lord Cock-' 'burn's circle, 'with' Rabelaisian facility of 'digestion, aiter the dinners had grown late, retauired the suppers still.' Lord Cockburn says all that can be said in their favour, quotes tho:-A ttio -examples of Lords HEermand and Monboddo, and dwells wvith especially tender unction upon the~ Sunday suppers of his 'frienid Sir Hienry Maoncrieff . " This most adcnirable and somewhat old-fashioned gentlemian was one of those who always dined between sermons, probably without touching wine. He then walked back-look at him-from his small house in the east end of Queen-street to hischurch, with his bands, his little cocked hat, his tall cane, and his cardinal air; preached, if it was his turn, a sensible practical sermron; walked home in the same style; took tea about .5, spent some hours in his study; at 5 hA family worship,at which he was delighted to see the friends of any of his sons; after which tho whole party sat down to the roasted hens, the goblets of wine, and his powerful talk. 'Herewasamode-of alluring young men into the paths of pious pleasantness" : Lord cockburm is particularly anxious to distinguish between thit "'pious pleasantness " and 'reli-. gloUs indifference, which so often neglects its liquor. Yet of Principal Robertson, whom, with other wor-. tbies of the olden generation; Lbrd Cockkburn dez' scribes, we hear, among other traits, that, though somewhat lax in his doctrine, "he struck us boys, even from the aide table, *as being evidently fond of a good dinner, at which heh sat.withhis chinne his plate, intent upon the real business of the occasion."" Of Lora Hermand, of whom the' writer speaiks as Ifan establishedwonder and delight," we are told, not only that he was fond of the pleasures, !Jld not.east '-he liuid ones, of the table, b-ut thqat " he hadacted in more of the severesb scenes of old Sdotch drinking than any man at last living." More'over, "ho had a serious:respect for drinyming indeed, a high moral approbation, and a serioui compassion for the poor wretches. who could aot indulge in it, with due contempt of those who could; but did not." The -cordi4lity inspired by claret and punch -was felt by hin as so- congenial to all righv thinking that " he was confident he could convert the Pope, if lhe could only get' him to sup with him." " And certainfly,". adds Lord Cockbiurn; " his Holiness would have beenhigd to phrsuade if lie could have withstoiod HEerniand about the-nmiddle of his second tumbler." An illustration of the severity with which in his judicial capacity he was .inclined to visi't any, offence against boon companionship is afforded by his strong charge against a prisoner who, when intoxicated, had stabbed his companion. The other'jadges were for letting him off easily, but Eermanids who felt that discredit had been brought on the ciause of drinking, had no -sympathy with the tenderness of-his' temipera7e brethren, .and wvas vehement for transportation.. "We are told," said he, "that there 'was no malice, and that the prisoner was in liquor. - In lHquor! Why, he was drunk! And yp he murdered the very man wvho had been drinking with him! They bad been carousin" the whole night. and yet he stabbed him, after drinlang a whole I bottle of rum -vithhim l Good God my Laards, if he will do this when he's drunk, what will he not do when he's sober?' - '. Lord Cockburn, who records these examples wvith appreciative humour and a sympathetic feeling, seeing that he confesses to have belonged himsef not exactly to the most severely absternious set in Edinburgh, couples Lord Hermand with another worthy, still more congenial, inasmuch as he was a consistent Whig. Again we muist leave hima to tell his own story "The Wigs had only one opportunity of snaking a Scotch judge, and they made Charles Ray, a man famos for law, paunch, whist, claret, and worth. His judicial title was Newton, but in private life he was chiefly known as ' The Mighty.' He was a bulky man, with short legs twinlding eyes, an large urple visae; nospeaker, but an excelent legal writer and adviser;` deep and accrate his law, in which he had. had extensive employment. Honest, warmhearted, and considerate,.he was tianys true to his principles and his friends. Bnt these and other good qualities were all apt to be lost ight of in people's admir5tion ot his drinkng. is daily and flowing cups'raised him far above the evil days of sobnety on whic: he- bhad fallen, and made him worthy of having quaffed wvit)i the Scandinavian heroes. Bet there was io noise .in his 'libations, no boisterousness, no wrangling, not even dispuitation. Te kindly stillness of his ordinary manner,, instead of bein' disturbed, was deepened by potation, .and a cask so well seasoned was not liable to be nflamed by. anything so feeble as intoxication. Hisdelight was to sit smiling, quiet, and listening, saying little, bht that 'little-always sensible, for he used to hold that conversation, at least when it was of the sort that excites admiration, spoiled good company-;: sated apparently with enjoyment, and only disturbed when he observed some unfortunate creature at -table not, taking as many or as full bumpers as himself. "He was the modern ing of th'e Ante-Maanum Club-a j0vial institution which contained, and helped to kill, most of the eminent topers of Edinburgh for about G0O years preceding the year 1818, when the degenerate temperance of the age at last destroyed it. When the Mighty died, the members dined, and did not, fail to. drown their sorrow in solemn mourning, each drinking -a full glass to the memory of their departed chief, and bowing reverently to his portrait, which they had,hungup in the tavern which had long been his field of fame. Jeffrey, -Moncreiff,'Keay,'Murray, I and sonme other of the younger and less worthy spirits, joined this once famous association,* a few years before it expired, merely to have a glimpse Qf the last age. It was curious, but to us dull. Few of them had heads for talk, and none of us for much wine, We had to "et the esta blished jokes and other humours explained; and they were not quite at ease under our intrusion. There were no High Jinks, or sprightly sayings or songs; bat a good deal of kindly personal bantering, iaughing at nothing or at very little, and steady quiet draughts of claret. But I believe there was a great deal of wild animation ir the.youthof the club when its pulse was quicker. Bermand's star blazed in this hemisuhere for at least half a pentury, when the meetings were every Friday for about six or seven months yearly. He used very often to go. direct from the club to the court on the Saturday mornings. When. some of us degenerate youths were once protesting against more wine he exclaimed mournfully, 'What shall we come to at last9 I believe I shall be left alone on the face of theeatthdrinking claret!'' From these worthies we proceed toJudge Newtor, -amanu of deep potations and gret bulk, and who was slumberous in society and in court, though not to the prejudice of the Queen's lieges "lis management of this judicial inconvenience was very curious. In court his head generally rested either on his heaving chest, or on his hands crossed on the bench, while, after getting a grip of the case, his eyes were locked in genuine sleep. Yet, from, practice and a remarkably quick ear and mtellect, nobody, could., say anything worth hearing without his instantly raising hishuge eyelid, ard keeping it open, and directing his powerful knowing eyo 'likes mortar at the speaker tillh be; got what was neceasaryafter w;hch, when the' babbling began, do`wnr.s*nk tie eyelid again till lighted up-by-the next shot. The only way to waker. him wa to say, something'good, and this never f railed; accordingly, no judge ever knewi his cases better." In short, to conclude on this aspect of Lord Cock- buri's MemorWols, it appears 'to se the sumn of his.; experience that good liquor te'nds to clesr a miIan's intellect, and thsat the source of iti1ae, a agre john Falstaff, is to " forswear thin potations." There is, a further characteristio of, Lord Cockburn which influenced himn more largely, but which seems 'scarcely to accord with his convivial 4mnpa thies. That modificatioi of a love of old port wine which has been describedas the sentiment of attachmeit to Church and Queen was by no means to his liking. Though he' wasa-born iind bred among the Tories, he was a stanch and determined Wlhig. He 'was more, tar more, than we fnean by a Whig i7 these days, for it is obvious that he participated ig their early isolation and disgusts, and put forth the' crude fruits which grew out of 'that :sharp culture; But there is no denying- at this day that he had reason for his rigorous politics,;and that hceLas amply set forth the grounds of the attitude which 'he and his friends assumed and "consistently maintained. Es Meemmoids are thui'in the main a vindication Of his party, and'his reminiscences are 'eiployed to put their case in the moit; favouable' light at the bar.of posterity. 'That their grievances were many and substantial is now made amply evident. Frm meriai ciruim'stances peculiar to Scotand thaey were, :in faet; minore substantial than we in England were aware of, When Lord Cockbum in 1800 entered the -Faculty of Advocates, and " with a feeling of nothingnessj paced'the' Outer house," the passions and appreN hensions excited by the FrenchTRevolutionhad converted the island into a camp, and its public opinion had; -as it were, the cogency of ±ntial law to sup-' press disaffection and stife all complaint. 'Yet thei -heaviest* causes of complaint existed in the Northern kingdom, where one party not only engrossed al the ..official rank and-influence of the country,- but had their adversaries absolutely at their 'merey. Institutions there were, in faft, -none, in any popular sense.. ' There was no popular: representation- all .t9wn-councils elected- the-selveI; persons were sent to the court as jurymen very- nearly according t4 the discretion .of the -heriff .of their conty; aud after they got--hefe -those who were-- to try the, prosecution were .picked-for thai duty bythe ie siding Judge, unchecked by.-any pIy remto.. - lenge. "fn other words," says Lord: Cockburn, "we had no freepolitical institutions.whatevei.' There were few newspapers, nor was the abs6hce of a free pnublie press compensated - by any freedom of public speech. "PPublic pohtical.: meetings could not arise, for tlie elcinentsdidnotexist, Idoubtif there wasone during the 25 years thatsucceeded the year 1795. _2Nothing.was viewmed vith sach horror as any.politicalcongregation not friendly to existing power. Nto one could have taken a prt in the business without niakiag-up his m1ind-to be a doomed man: NTo prudence could protect aaint the falsehood or inaccuracyof spies, and a nMst conxiction of -sedition . by-a judgepicked jury was follo*ed cy 14 years' transportation. -s a bOdy to be deferred to ropublic existed!' The community, says Lord Coclkburn, conssted of " a people' that iws prostkate, a- fev brave' but powerless iidividual and an'overwhelmingfactioiu," &c. It will, perhaps, ever be a questioi whethei the people and the factioin were- not at. this momebnt identical; but,: at-all events, there can be no doiibt that the position of -the sincere Whigs was iimost unfair and irksome.- Lord Cockburn states ' g6me remarkable facts in- iltustration of this.: At their dinner on Fox?s birthday, where.the partyvwas most select, rarely exceeding a- dbzen-or two of the m-ost discreetand eminentVainong them, they were rarely allowed to asemble vwitbout sheriffs' officers bein sent to take down -the naies of those -who 1enteed. 'A witten test, was presented -. the young 'Wig - lawyers, . and their:refualto subscribe it almost x- cluded them 'from -practice. Re3nry Erslune, ghe brig,htest ornament of the profession, for presiding at a meeting to petitQn against the: war was.turned out ef his office of-.Dean of the Faculty; of Advocates. - The Sedition Trials of 1793 1 And 1794 recailed for a-parallel "the-days of Lauderdale aud Dalzel ;" and. personal bitterness peaetrated everywhere, spreadingagangrene throughout society. Lord Cockburn -fairly asks, "If Dugald Stewiaxt was-for several years not cordially.received in the city he 'adorned, -what :must- have been the position of an ordinary-m=an who held' liberal dpipnions in the- country or in a small-town, opestoiall the contumely and obstrtiction:t;hat local insole,ce could practise, and -unsupported by any a9sociate cherishing kindred thoughts '" the WhiWg barristirs, of wshom Cockburn himself- was one, w.ere not only, as we said,excluded from practice;but were separated into a sect of-their own, and "there:was aparticular place-at the northend of the Outer Rousewhich was- the knownhaunt of -these doomed youtls." This sect included Jeffrey, Brougham,: r i, Horner, &c., and in.the spirit iL which they were generally proscribed Jeffrey was not allouved to report the proceedings of his own court. His consequent leisure was retributive, for it was ond fi the proximate causes bf the first appearance of the' ]3d.istbtti7t R'4-iew. :. . - Apart fromn these professionaL cadets thi-re was nowhere any sign of -independence. The citisens were mute and submissive.- The town-council' of Edinburgh might have been -sitting in Venice. Like other bodies of the same class, it may be said that "no 7ariety of opinion- disturbed its unanimity. for the pleasure of Dundas vas the sole rule for every one of them." Any semblance -of disaidence was stummarilysuppressed. i *Certain of the support of the ProcbnsuL, whom they no morethoughto9fthwartingtan of thwarting Providence, timidity was not one of rtheiryvice,. Aboutthe year 1799 a solitar schsm amazed the public, by disclosing the incredible fact that the town-council- might contain -a membes who had an opinion of his own. A councillornained Smith electrified the city by a-pamphlet; shoving tbat the burgb was bankrapt. Time h9s put it beyond all doubt -that he was right; andfortpnato -would it have -been for the city and its creditors if this -had been acknowledged at the time, instead of being aggravated byyears of subsequent extrivagance and concealment. -Bub his tebellion hrove Mr. Smith outiof theplace." A g,ood example of the arbitrar manner in which public officers dealt.-with the people .is afforded in the case of a M]r. Laing, a -clerk. of the samne towvn council, wvho seems to have transported persons at his absolutie discretion. . i " For example, about the year 1795 mdx or eight baker WEdE of good ci.racter and respectable, though humble, parient age, being.a little jolly one night, were making a noise ir the street. This displeased fr. Iaing, who had A notior that nobody could be drunk with safety to the pmblic ex cegt himnte , so he had-the Uds apprehended; and as th di not appearin the mo ning,theirfriends became alarmed and applied to -r. (afterward Sir Henry) Jardine,azesldo partisan of Goveriment, who took an iiterest in the fainily of one of them. 3r. Jardine toldme that next moninun he inquiredabout them, when TIing toldhimthat he needgive himself no trouble, beciuse 'they are all beyond Inchkeitb by this time.' And so Ithey were. He had sent them on. board a tender lying in Leith-roads, -which he knew wa -to sail that morning. This was done by his own authority, without a conviction, or a charge, or an offence." Lord Cockbiurn,- with reference to-the first moving of the waters which gradually upheaved this 'oppressive r4girne, recalls a-remark of the quiet and observant Playfair, that it seemed to him that 'the whole cause of independence in Scotland hung upon the characters and the exertions of about hal-adozen young men in the Parhament-house. To what an extent Scotland, and incidentally the British empire, were indebted to these Lord Cockburn goes onto record. How slow and painful were the steps, how long-deferred was the fruition of a change such as the times required ! The reform commenced in 1S00 with the removal of an obvious evil in the system of the town infirmary, by the appointment, for the first time, in opposition to the managers, of a resident medical officer. Theestablishment-of the Comnercial Bank helped to further the impulse to the better administration and control of their own affairs by the citizens. The gradual introduction and operation of redeeming -aircuimstances went on to illustrate " by the example of-a single place the general- principles which- regulate the improvement of the world." And change succeeded change, success alternated with defeat. until the national excitement.of 1830 gave Lord Cockburn's friends, in a comprehensive sense, a most conclusive victory. In dwelling on their long depression and ultimnate elevation we have perhaps-somewhat lost sightof Lord Cockburn himself, but it' is really oinDg to the modesty of which we have spoken, and -which induces him to merge his own case intheirs, and to interest us in the personal fortunes and performnances of others. Nevertheless, we ought not to omit one circumstance which redounds greatly, to the credit of Lord Cockburn's consiatency.. So tFue was he to his party principles that when, inlSO65 he was unexpectedly made Advocate-Depute by the Tories, owing to his father's political connexion with that party, he objected to take -the office,-on the ground that his opinions were not those of the Goyernment, and was only induced to. do so after consulting with his friends and obtaining an uner-. standing that no political obklation was implied; and when, four years afterwards,' he-was dismjssed on the ground that ha"ad voted against the Lord Advocate at a meeftiiig of the Faculty, he declaes, and.-we believe him, that. he. "never -felnt ore - relieved than on getting rid 'of 'a connexion which had all along been more than-half compulsory, aid nevercomfortable." His:deprivation on this occasion was properly comp ensated by 'aiparty equivalent, when, in theultimate division of spoll by the victors, he was enabled tosay, ff I closc thin page yi b in- that Jefirey. has- beerr" -iade Lord-Advocate and, I Solicitor-General under-the Ministry of Earl Grey"' at which point, with, a sort of dramatic ap7omb theMemorials for the -present conclude. Whether we shall -eve -ay mor o£fl we are not informed. Probably, as they get nearer our own time they would less abound i cuiious portraits, while their interest must necessm9ily fag after the battle was won. Tlhere can be no doubt. that in the main they afford us already a ve'r vigorous contlibution to the history-of our tine. e t would be easy enough, if we desired, to question many of their bearings and conclusions, - and certain grounds of objection will be obvious.to -the moit casual reader,-what scant -justice they afford to the Scotts, Lockhart- -&c, the celebrities of the party ty iwwon Lsord Cocibumwas- opposed;chow completely all reasonable ground for the political conduct of iii opponents is ignored; and how absorbed Lord Cockbllrn is,almostexclusivelyby the taIents, graces, and merits of his o t and party circle. We don7t offer to urge these points, for disparagement. is :-not a fitting reception for a book whih -contains otherwise so- much that was unknown; and which is bothtrue and important in It lasting sense. It does, aswe: s;aid, i:nthe main rensder its party justice on grounds which few nowadays would dispute, and, indepentQ 9ntly 9f some traces of 'lng.past asperities, it bears : ' '~~~~~- w* It as called the An'e-Mlanurn (as I havo understood) because the oriiinal nule was that tbh bil shoud be pad befQrehand. unimpeachable temony to the progrews to whichwe ure I a'laal ud ~sdmaa assent. We have' seen of late no. ore 'uaeulwork-for fixing our land-, -ars r; o,ne. before cticlu &s what gr' ievances bit was e a o~o ab remeditl -, t many~auoher :~s ej quatl Aii-fiative of 2 0ld habits' anid' customs.-.-- We ~*slj s!ecialy>diieact readers to the rem,arkable -stateient oiiipp. 7t8' inespecting - the.- as idte la*eiry of, the ScOttish7. oLIe U e6 he c t nury e observe, aIso, that' Lovd CockinYnnintenti-onliy. [coTroborates zv; 3.a6iulnav in 'tEe latter's new of Lthenatureof the Hlgblaiaders~ ate lihment to -the: Stuarts, in virtue of a story Whi+h Lord. Cocktum had frona eMny~ 3eackenizie:-w A'I1-suspecttherewaBa' good4 de4aofprosaic ~truthAinjx account which a:fi ad gent]eznan,:whoG had marched! aul the wi6y to D)erby with the: Pretendir, g-.ve himi of ithat romn2ntic adventure. Mackenzie asked hiiiiwhetherhe did n -t always think- the idma f dethroning -the ]Eor of Hanover ibsur&l'a iJI t'?tohtbo-t ut a' .thoht .hoo pleesant it wad kI to see D,onald ajijl . Fe:whll conclide .withi a corple zof po'rtr of old Scotch ladies, whom$ Lord Cockburn depicts -with admirableigraphic talent and humour'.-: ' I - " There sits acler's 'widow, the mother of the rst Sir David Dundas, the-i~nttrdrucer of our German systemi of military Inanceuvre,-:and at onetii commander-in-chief of tho. British army. We -used -to go to her house ini Bunkerlse-hil, wh,e boys, on Sundays between the morning and afternoon. sermons, .*here we, -were-. c'herished w*ith Sctch hroth and cakes, and man- a' joke from tieOld .aY. Age, hae made her inpt le of, wlig-eve across th room;.so, clad: black silk- gown, andra pure musn v cap, she .satm ta encircled by a hi' backed black 'leather chair reading, with sadverspc tacles stuckon herthinnosc, andintersperingb-ersti and her das, with rincbaughter, and not, little sarca oWhataspirit! Theer wasmoreTh n frdosens oround that chaStirthan in the theatre Or -thO elh3rch.- I rememlber on'e of her graddlaughte stumbling, ain the Course of reading t'he newspapers to ber, ou'<-0.-pariareph which stated that a lady's reputa-tion had suffered flrom some indiscreet talk, on the part of the P'rince of Wale& -Upsheofirce sat, and sadd 'with ani indignant hake ofh anI a kee voice,- The dawmedvillain oeh k and -tell'"` Here is the gra-cefulIpendaixt- - ExetMrs. Sidaons in some of lier dissplays of mgn. ficent :Royalty, nohoy could sit. dovn'ike 'telayo Jnvirleith. She would sail like a ship.fram.Tarsdish,. gorgeous in velvet or rustlingina dill, 'and done up in all the'- acopnimenta of fan, earrings an finger-rings fajjiz~ sleeves, scent-bottle, embroidered-bag, hoop, and trsin--Laff super, yetall n purest taste; rnd, managing all 4is~ seemngl hevy igging with as mnuch eae as a- full-blJown swandoesits lumae, she wvould ta'ke possessidii of 'the cente ofalage sfa,Indl At t'he same mnomenae, -witlhout flie 'slihtesisile cert oti,wold covejithe-whole of it 'wIit herhraery th gaceul old semig to lay -themselvs overit lke smme 'waes. helescent from hieicarringe too, where she sat lieanulsin'-its -shell, was'a disply whc oone in teeda'ys cocld accomlisa or even fancqy.~ *The mulberr-v-coloured coach. spacious bt apparently not too large for 'what; it cairied-thiouglh she alone was jir it; -the hanidaome jollyrcoachman-anad his iplend(id hanu~mercjothi loadedl 'with lace; t'he -two respetful liveried footmen, 6ne on each side of. the nichly?.carp3eted step, Ithea -were lost siht of Amid the slow maet wth*ii h lady cainie down; sI id touched the eat.Se~rsdd~in this lxi. peral style, Over her snsecletdne~wt ra sense and spiriti to theveyls aenotfaPoo~i teee Tradition of Edinburg4, by Robert Chaibers, aroL! l, p. 69.-ED: . - -, - rs
COST-PBXO2VGBjM, TO THEDIO R TMBS. Sir,-WNe thank yon-foxthe. prompt insertion or the cdare of " George Gee," the-publicityof which we hope wfi l4ad toa, goodlresult andl -he- man he comnensated for the loss sustained by the ~neceeeary interferiinee of the Inspetr of the Boird of. HelWth: in destroying -his stock- of Tie We~ should not have troubled you aiwretiofr the purpose of bringing to your noticet e pre,iii tobfor exists against this class of itinerant vendorsnof fruit n wares, and the case in ~point has led to a deputati6nf f=o that nuamerous body waiting -apon -us to soleici our influence to obtain publicityto the grievances complained of; anathat attention being called to themi may lead t~o lornleijdress. i These men complain, and -perhaps jtity,- of the- diffcuilty t'hey havein obta=iniga lhvelihood from -the minxertheiare drivenabont bytht polieinallueih ooDarwhio *hAer instructed or not,w4ill mot'allow thlieuPt i,tand'and selll their wares~, and- the -least :resistanie t6 their authoriti is -either attended-with- the capturzedf the stock, or, if any resista±ice is madle, by,beinj lock-ed nup in the. cells- of a police-station. JThey coml~.sin that, -while ` Jugglers," "Ethiopians," `Fantoccini" 'and "Pilunch -and JFady" may exhbi their lengthened pefrmane tevr corner of the streets, and in tems pbi ih wiays attracting h-ahndreds ofloeisn,tepic alow the exhibitionka unmolestd ~tltapo costermong-er w.ith his harrow, or hswf rcidwt braced-up basket, come alongsidle ekrb ytospy the -wants of a child,the'anni"Bo"xe moving,"l and, if not-'ndseyoeed h ocle offerlders are tak-en to the nevretstiohos, ihtn probability of their perishable stock en edrduees or removed to the-greenyard to be cnenu The argumient-of the-deputation tends-tots:-htbe see frequenj~ly, upon extraordinary occasions h on mtissioners of Plolicle issue printe- iitatos t *carriages are to pass this or the other way; that such a thoroughfare is to he kept, clear," san if the saline f6rm were publishedfto guide them they would rftnll'cmpy or caprice of the membe-rs of the police on duty nsm nigbour'hoods they may be nnheeded-on onie side of the road and punished onL the other i one Inspector.of iheBlidar Of Health will condemnn an articlqj winthout, any-ohince of appeal, whether righxt or wrong ma o dloing; and.in anotther district the same article is perniltted: to -be sold, ioic en:genders that spirit. of znnmosityragainsi. -thii-offilders which frequeatly leadsI to collision,jm ahd ~be pniiation of oor familiesby the punishmenit infItated, which prevents, unngte time of imrlsonment,-the means PEfrObtaining the daily food required,.. -. "Ofwhat uemant, theysy, ~fdcler , n,missionanes -and tract-distributors, to vsist~our poor hovels and enj,oin peace andl goodw,ill to eaich other, - o send our chilidres, to the Sunday and raggd schools, when, as in the case of George Gee, as witlh manfny others of the same calling, the fooa and clothing whiAch are only to he obltained.by th'e sae of such produce are destroyed or confiscated by thie caprice Of t'he police and Inspectors of -the Board of Health, nan our-famuies deprived of. food, which, instead of pro. ducing'Ipeace and goodwill,' tends: to its opposite-distress -ats home, itcl revengeful feelings towardl thote who are the pwe would rather the -deputation had drawn sip their list of grievrances inL their own-peculiar-way, and we-vished Ithem so to do, assuring -them that they would meet with the same attention fromnyou as if emanating from a higher source, and they aperpretyareo your advocay bein onthesi&eof he inprtaced.Butthe reply is, to use hei hoelyexpesson,"Weare-noscholars, worse inch" threfoe, teir"$ain unarnihedtale"? is left in willsere tem, nd e sall ot egrt being the expoThe statement of the "'Mediczd Officer of Health,i. serted in nAe "raes of to-day, respecting George Gee'sca-seIs in progresAof bein m osts risacobeil-efut edvinteer e :ShlaNG AND RlNT. 2ionmnent-yard, Aug. 25.
:=BRrTrsHA oLoGICAr.SSOCrA.TIO B- l DGEWA.TEE, MON-y. The British Arclueological -Amociation hold s- itt :.clnnmee5tigiis rz.a Bridge er Z d tB -j_i .xAran ge en t which lv allowr it. me'abe--to- -expl o m-t ,he waocnion till hnld- ts k congs in'Bndgesr nai Yiay, wrhen if -*ill adjourn toiBa1J wbteh&cl6ong nmeeting W,i3l be hUld:.esi .Satrday. =The-BridgetAter :a-me incbides vsits .t* ltii4:1T bbey,-3Yells 64ied#,Yexi,.id Clsvedon4: ,op-F'weaoris there is at present some-prospect ; - , The pro ofng tel :ilesoti n eoinened by pnblic meeting the Townhall at 3 o'clock this afternon. .- Yfr. , r rzGa ErW vo- , president -nnd :iaurer of the society, gare an in ductoryAetch of :e- atiquities - of Somerstaire. This -oonty yae as .xenmacable for, its bummerus antiquities as for tiemie otse,sbc e taining to natural histoxry The Somermelaire ArCbeozlO_ cal Society bad of late done nuA toelucidate tlhe hist6ry of te cunt. Teislocl scieies no established in several conis of-,the kingdpm,: dZiid tb?ir or'gin-from. the exertions of-the BritiAth A eolo'icAiocI - -for -they wrethe-fisttonitutd body-.td sntitutan exiunination into the diffen localities, ud madn a.poinmenaceient in the county of Eent4 at -meetinuield in ianterbury in the autumtn of l84 . Ds'tringhueX,y6;sWthaypsince elapsed various -places had beef rvsitM-i -the .Az6wo. 10t1WInstitute, whidsL ai3ded:inieicitiig;mnch valuable infornation relative to tho antiquities!orthe Countryand ad als rae- eiet rsrete It happ?enea t'hat both the -S6meisetsbuii localsociety and, the Mritish Aszcbroo l o1eV Bida as theceentre inw"t-ii theirankis mnjeeii,g fol85r hui be held, and it Wu I not'ienIl this determinationli~d been. made on-the part of he association thatithe coiuicilbecame acquainted with the intenaiont of thq.Somersetsbire-society. -The local-sciety, rather ti iufe~Jer~ wit th Ij ~ 11 of the asociation, determinied Wo wvithhola assembling thi _e__adhebgged i6 expietbi -tbauks -6 tUb&isso-. ciation for the liberality thus; evinced,'asd for thes p-reLence '.nd, eo-operation of 390 mkuy membess of the Iocal society. -The lecturer then adverted to Itha -early history uf- the county. The prime6val a ntiqitie of Eioerstsire wer either few innubeor hadl benacantily reported. -Tb. moreremnarbable having- beeii pointed- oUt, attention. was ra'qv-to tae mumerus encamp ments Ana earthworlEs in Somemstshire, and to the Roman remains found in-mriouls paits of the county, unconnected -with the encampments. InRomnsn an"tiquities Soxntrsetshir-&was pronounced to be exceedingly rich, every partobf the county. appearing ti6 be capable of yieldn ekamples illustrative Df ita ccupatidnhy thomas.s havileed discovered anapivements exncaated. ldanYofthechurcbLesofSomsrsetshirewere-specially -deserving.of attention. They -were in general. remarhable, by the abenceofaisles (exceptinverylsrge'edificoes, s'uclhas .St.Cuthb~-rt),by the frequent pres;ence o tr&anepts, lythe -mctagona.7 for4m of their- towers, and by the abimdande of craclform Epciden& . The lecturer enumerated the leading pecuis&tie ofthechuche ropsedto be 'isitea by, the assoiatin, ad cocludd byhn elouet viindica,i76 of
aCLErCaL DISTiksr-. TO THE EDITOR OF, TH TIES. Sir,-Allow mne to place before your readers the following distressing case of a poor,pnnil* ftrimdless curate For a perioclof not less than 25,yezirs has he beenL labour. ing as a parish priest. I am- informned that he has worked bard, is a clever mnan, ana hbas f,irjt-rate testimonials.- He is. now on a bed of sicknzees,suffrngncmst -acutely,from. "1cariesof the vertebrieof the neck." ie is unable tozaise~ himself in b., his sufl5irings axe initens.e. Ile has fo ome tirne beenpe,rformi3ng alone, though in ill-health., the entire dnties of a. ipai in Essex, with a- population of 3,300. fls iti pend has been'od 8ozl Sa-year. wivth-the ilse'of a !Lm~p, il-iinsedM ittle house. Out of this Miserable rem'uneration ha haLs foi Knome weeks been compelled to pay aL e !ymnor discharging-the duty; his resources are exhausTe4 .an he has n. relatives or friends to fiall backupon. The Chr h frim r,indes nm etiig nin -The vicar of the _ain ha .be non-nesdenfr for may Years; his clerical l-come is 390L per nunin,, accoraing totlie C rgy Xist ; heo has b esidaes a lag estate in, Micnd, where hie resides. Ire offers no assidwance -to the poor-bedridden curate. It -is hoped that the Christian sympatbies of th'e pubic wil he interested iin behalf -of th~is maost distressinkz andi deserving case.- It has been advertied. S ubecriptio.se will be thankfully received by', 3fr. G. i~dcolas,3,A bchurch-lane, 1Lon- don ; or by Messrs. W-1ifi -Perciv'al, and Co., bankers,ILombaTd-street. Yn bdetsran A CURATE.
STOYB P-SERVATIoNr COMAtNY. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TDMS. Sir,-As an unauthorized, aid, in my opinion, an- unfair nEe has been made by the Stone Freservtion Company of a certificste which Ihave given to r. Dsines respedting the effect of the application of his patent stone preservig solution at the New Palace at Westminster, I trust you will eavonr mewith a corner in your influential and widely. spread 3ounai to impress u:pon Aie pablic thit, althonmh I -tbinl hghly of Mr. Daines's pros, my experience of its effectis :OniY of rio year' durtion, 'which I cannot underthae tosayw2llproveto'eas11flicent testofit~s "com,pleto success," as aillegedby t;he -ompnpy. F lam. Sir.eosnr o1wAr.;P,1u CHAREL?S BARgY. 1 _JVc £ace -yard, Aug.25.
-.CaLRJf swn oLoGc - AasociAno..-On Wednesday, the 20t itre ,the6 embers of the assoe tion viate te qtitkies of the towsrof weishpl Including the chrh ihafine chincel of -the 14l cntuy. &c Th ~ weeatrads received, At Powis CLstlo by the noble presdet.Hre they were gratified vifth the inspecelon of ibebbliogralihical treasures of -the Rarl's libraLry, cointain- a valuable collection of T er-fiie and rare Aldine editions of the classics, Mzcvir,,&c. The numerus hito_ rindl portraits of the gallery, the architeCtural details of the cstzlUe, the terrac and hanging garde t asoltosof ideas cAused by tlie 'Spot itself constiutc sources of high gratifi-tin.A cold collationwas served 'in the long ball-room, in a sitle worthy of the well-known hospitality of that ancdent family. At -the evening meeting, which wAs fuly attended, Mr. 01. H Par-ker, Oxford, gave an account 6f the chief- architectura'lfeatures of Powia Castle, and explined the absenice of An% visible rTemains older than the period of Henry ~VIHhyls'b n that the edifice haa always been inhabited, and modified in eve cenury6suit t'he wants of its noble occupants. The ealvf oisadea. Tohe remarks n e fMr. J. HL Parker's description, andr was flowdl bffr W. W. E.Wynue,b LP., andthe,Rev.J akrnh~ subjet. -'.T. 0.n organt ten an well-arnan peron the Mar he_ ofWes, an o thedvison oM)2es into countie,mm.HnyVI. giving theIearest m ccfrcs of the whoe sube ;n ch we have ever listened to. Thisgv' iet naiae discussion As to the rhof E ot bnthehe tobe ckoneod UasyboWelsh or an glish ounty mooted by the, Rev. -rowlaznd bthlliams, n a ., of Kon College, Camnbridge. The disuseonis calle b up several members,- including the noble presiden -who eke at much length about the Salopiab Marcher, giVIng the members some valuable informiation; and the subject evidenttly proved imelf One of the most attr-cive to 'the s oiety. Mr. T. Wakeman, local scretry for tomnouthslire, Also took a Consicsuous Part in this learned discussion. The R1ev. D. avie followedwithaspaperon the Roman remains of the sttion of Caer Swa, between Newtown and onidloe, tending to slow that this was the -Actual site of Meaiolanum- which had been much diaputed, On Thursdaythemembers of the association made2 neicureson totheRoman camp of Clawdd Coch,inthemneadowsnear the janction of the VarihsyandT au ad thencepro ceede to 1lanyblodwell, where they were mosthospitably entertmed by the vicar, tie Rev. John Parker, and innpected his fine collection of anotiqufria drawinsu&c theythen vigted the churhie of Li utffrdandht - Melfod, in which there is an inscribed coffin-lid of the 1h century. At the evenig -meeting, which was attended-onlyby subacribing members, the annal votes ofmoney, the ap. pointmerteof offioerisxnathereconnendaiog of thegenerai committewe wrecounsdered and passed. Mr. F. T2oydPbil-. lips was appointed the niew genrl peoretay for - South Wales, and tbe Aace of maeeting for 1857 was fxed at mon. mobuth. A colLdderable number of now members was admitted, andfhe treasurer's accounts sho-ed a balance in favour of the assciation of more than 25 per cent. or the annual incomie after all -expenses had been paid. This gratifying resut which is due to the ative exertion of the various officers and thegneral committee, elici-te mrks of warm Approbation. he. Ven. John Wil1liams, Archdedacon o Carcigan, tahn continued the reading of, his learned paper on ancient Celtic coins, and an interesting discussionp ollowed, in which the Rev. H. H. Kiht examined the value of the authon ts not by the A chIdeacn at considerable It~m On FRidyama excursron was ,made to Ofa's Dyvke, and otugomery. we members,who were met by the rector,.. the elp alinhabitantsef that ancient. town, andl many of tegentry of the ne5igboar. £ood, were conauctd by the Earo of wis overd the tastle (temp. Her M.), few wals of which. remain, though the lnes of works are all distinct. The noble piesdent then toolk them to the summiit of the Pridd Paldwin,a lar Britis camnp onx the bil westw~ard of the castl, the iWfromwhichis one of thernostextensive and be-autiful of any in the MArches. After hesir lecture in the church, on itfs architetr5b r Penson, the members followed thearofPwsthi Ancient house in Lymore-park, cloetthto ,alrg black and' white woodwork edifice ofteEia t ra Hlere his Lordship agIn etertaindtewt upuu perect Onarrvin atth spot hsLrsi' soih ment nd cagri maybe conceive t fnigagngo of hi ob fat'hie !Teasoitonte o cheedd aneryRits ate near the thown,ndso tofthe Caster fo, h e andevf. Rs Lougdeilliam roead a e,e o teOt towns built in Wale Edwasd L oprdwttea The usnal vokes of thaks wufe nu gituz and ackaewleded,andth metin fsll brk-up., AIthigh-th weajer as npr~jtius urig te pw.~p,4LB oith week th proeedngsof te aoelaimadidnot eedologi
I'trTABY ANYD NA VAL INTEBLLIEXCZ. thie inquiry ihto the rcumstaucesconnectea with the xploion of the battery whica tookplacdon. Chatham4lines, tn Tuesday las, during the siege operations carried on beionhis RoyzlMgimass the Duke of Cambridge, having-been Colcluded by the board of-officers appointed forthat pur. T4:- bht Chatbhan, the members of the court of inquiry, of irTieh lIsaor 0. X. Robertson, Royal Engineers, was the Pmident, have come to the following decision, which was made known to the whole of the troops belonguig to the ltoyalEniit,nees establishment, Brompton barracls, yesSterday . The Court, having maturely considered the statements Of the mitne5ses, is of opinion that the evidence is not sufficiently clear to enable it to form a conclusion as to the cause of tha explosion of the charges which took place in the counter-battery on the 19th of August last." During the investigation the Courb sat several days and examineda great numbhr of witnesses. The men who were injured by the explosion have recovered. An order arrived at Chatham yesterday from, the War Dzpartment, directing Second-class Staff-surgeon 0. S. Downall to be releved from duaty at that garrison, in order bo proceed to the West Indies. Acting Asistant-Surgeon Eitadige has been released from duty at the provisional battalion. The 4th Regiment, consisting of 2S officers and 864 men, under the command of Colonel Williams, have left Aldershott for Liverpool, cn rordeto Dublin. The 38th Regiment, consisting of 26 officers and 79S men, mnder the command of Colonel Smitlh, have left Aldershott 0or Liverpool, en asoite to Dablin. The depOt of the 82d Regiment, consisting of eight officers and 280 men, under the command of Captain SLater, have arived at Aldershott from Portsmouth. The depOt of the 90th Regiment, consisting of 13 officers mad 398 mern, under the command of Captain Phipps, have arrived at Aldershott from Portsmouth. The ganboats Bullfrog, Sepoy, and Tickler have been taken into the fitting basin at Sheerness to be fitted for im. m*ediate active service. Tne Aid, Second Master Commander J. Grandy, arrived at Sheerness on Sunday from Portsmouth,with Government stores for this yard and Chatham yardL An Admiralty circular has been issed to the commanding officer of the flagship Waterloo, 120 guns, at Sheerness, directing him to enzer an unlimited number of Ist and 2d class boys for the navy. The criginal order, compelling the parents or guardians to provide them with the sum of 2i. for clothing, has been rescinded, and the boys are now clothed at the Admiralty's expense when duly entered. A nrumber of fine lads is now being obtained for the sice. The steam-transport Imperial, lNo. 188, arrived at wool.ich on Sunday from the East, with a cargo of general stores belonging to the Iand Transport Corps. The trans. port Reliance, No. 6 C, arrived also at Woolwich onsSunday -ith artillery and hospital waggonas, and other light goods. The transport Hannibal, No. 100 C, likewise arrived at Voolwich from the East, vith a full cargo of Land Trans. port and Engineer stores. Yesterday (Sunday) morning the 38th Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel J. P. Sparks, 900 strong, arrived in Dublin by the steam transport Pacific £rom Aidershott, rid Liverpl. The 38th proceeds immediately to the Caragh. "The ver last of the Crimeans' reachedDlublin orSaturday bythe Pistol steamer, and consisted of 127 men, lately attached to the Commissariat. These men have been for the most part in the Crimea for nywards of 22 months, and were under fire on three occassons-at the opening of the sicge on the 18th of June, and at the fal of Sebastopol-for vIiich services they have all been awazded the Crimean medaL Upon quitting Balaklava theyembarked in thesailing transport Urgent, leaving some other vessels and a portion of the 50th Regiment behind but, having been tossing about for nine days in the Black Sea, they found on arrmving at Constantinople that they constituted the last remnants of the expeditionary force. The Urgent landed them at Spithead, whence they pro. ceeded by land to Bristol, seven of the original numiber dropping off by the wiay, and the remainder, vwho are all Irishmen, returning to lreland by steamer for the purpose of being paid offE
THE CASE OF HEPNRY COBJS DA UGHTEBRS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TflES. Sir,-If the request for a- furthen- brief space in your columns is not an encroachment on the kindlness which insertd my late letter, I am anxious to state a few particaaI which 'besides their connexion with the claimsi of the individual suifferers in the Cort tragedy, have a con sider. able nublic interest. It is, perhaps, little known to those it most concerns-the recipients ofsemallpenzions-that out of the pttanceordered in their original warrants 7l1 per cent. has bleen commnonly abstracted to -'id in paying the interest of several milions borrowed to dischag the private debtsofi George L and George II. A farhe benevolence of 5 per cent, was claimed for Westminster landl-tax, though it is difficult to discern the connexion between this impost and a grant of charity to deservn persons in some distant part of the kingdom. Under the shadowy title of Exchequer fees a further exhaustion of 71 to 121 per e-nt. depletes the Crown *gift 20 to 25 per cent. altogeWler belowr the nominal bounty -surely a strange series ofrarrangements for distributing the charities of a great nation, especially the last, which intro. ducedl a poor penimoner on thae official scene as a prize or booty to gladden the res capuglc of, we must presuime, the underpnid servants of the State. How should wve seaker think of a private gentlemen who had a charity to dipes and hagained to e'ke out his butler's and porter's wages by abstractons of twopences and threepences in the shiling l But it must, I conceive, be stil less known that the acts lof Parli-menet establis'hing these deductions from pensions andl salaries on the civ i lit exempt all pensions less than 100!. s-year, and all of the nature of charitable donations, wbatever the amount ; and yet it is the incredible fact that these exemptions have not only not been attended to, but that the smallest charities have been subjected, to the heaviest fines. 'When, upon the appeal of 16 bankers, mnerchants, and members of Parlaiaent, Mr. Pitt relieved the distress of Henry Cort by a pension of 2001. a-ye-ar, in 1794, five years after the national benefactor had been pillaged by that Minsister's bosom friend, this bounty, both in t'he petition andl in t'he grant, was especially characterized as a charity, yet the disobedientandinexorable official sponge wiped 'away 401. yearly. On his preumature decease, in 1800, ,apenshion of 125!. was continued to Elizabeth Cort, his widow, Dn the report of the Controller [of the Navy (Sir Andrew Hammond) that. herself and orha family were truly objects for national relief. This, srely was a charity; yvet 100!. only was paid to her, flying in 1816, two pensions of 25!. Gs. each were accorded to two unmarried dalighters, and then, as if violation were the very rule of office, these pensions, -which possessed the double claim to exemption of bth conditions, being both charities and less then 100!. a-year, wero taxed with increased deductions;- 191. per annum only has been paid on each. The charity roll of the :British em ire has taken public credit for 12. 12s. yearly which it di& not pay, end the sign manual of its Sovereign stood before, the world for 40 years at a discoDunt of more than 25 per cent.!I It is difficult to trace the comimencement or the final erection of these Mlegalities. Necessitous recipients needing these small sums were prohably in no position to maake complaint, even had they Imown thei4gnevance. The expensfve remedy p3rovided in the respective acts-petition to the lla-ons of the Exchequer-was likely to swallow up the whole instead of a part of the pensions; it might be natural to fear that a pension granted during pleasure could be cancelled by displeasure, and thus the poor, who could least afford the imposition, were only too gladl to tak-e what they could get out of a gift. From documents attached to the report of a select committee on pensions, 1808, (reprinted 182) at appear that the clumsy device for diltenag sub road certain charges byv deduction out of other charges had led to infinite'troubles and irregularities. rater alia it is reported that numierous officers who were mn a position to help themselves had habitually paid to themselves their pensions or salaries in faul for so lung a period that their utter ruin would have been the consequence of the :Exchemjer surcha g them with the deductions legally due. The grat fishs having broken throgth e.f law,the ersm -fy of poor unsioners wvere, reousate, nfetofy grilled to mak-e good the deficiency7. What the powerful rich -would not pay the dlefenceless poor, the Corts among the rest, -were made to hupa eayn.dsaagn cne This narrative ofesbtv muan dsaa'gpiurI of the almonets of the British empire up to the accession of' 'Wilam IV. At that time a nominial change* wae maade to remove the scandal and inconvenience of such complicated intricacy, but a rela,tion of the steps takenx to render illeal deduactions permanent in the face of new acts of Fals scent declaring their abolition, and which are still moreunconceivable than the previous irregularity, would double the length of this already too long letter. Should you consider its details of sufficient public importance to warrant their insertion, connected Ps they are with the moitendulscientific and commercial facts in the world's history, I sell then presume to trrouble you with the conclusion of the story. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant.- - DA%VID MUSHET. D&Lany-sreet; Aug. zo.
THe AG;;mowE.-An extraordinary meeting convened by some of the inmates of "the Abode of Love' at Bridgewater, was held a few days ago at the Clarence Hotel. The RPev. S. Starkey, G. R. Thomas, and J. Cohl attended from the Agapemone, and several of their followers were also present. The Rev. S. Starkey in a slow and lmpressive manner set forth the "principle2s of this deluded sect. One passage of his address is sufficient to show the blasphemous nature of their creed. hlr. Starkev said, " The Son of Man bath so loved the earth that he hath given is zown Spirt, that whosoever believeth in EHim shaU tot die, hnt be live, and abide the coming of the Prophet. Behold He comethI If any man believeinH}im he isa new. creature; old things have passed away-all things are become now, TheSonof Manwas in theHolyGhostreconlin, the flesh unto himsself, and hath given unto Brother P-ince the ministry of reconciliation. K'ow, then, I am the mes. ESnger of the HolV Ghost unto you. The Lord of Hosts camo and sent and proclaimed that the day of grace was pase, and the Gosp2elaispensation ended; and, thus left, the world and the professing church were like Ephraim of old when he said, 'Lot him alone.' Bat He, to whom a thousand years are as one day, was nct idle. Christ, in Hs flesb, va2at the Agapemene, where He had rgathered His ne1 hadprepared for Hs coming; an the der was and did what God puzrposed it should do-it judged-the church and the wvorld, and shut them in." Thkere wonld prohbly have been an acrimonious discussion, as a lare number of persons had come prepared to controvert the p!niocsoof the "Princites," bht they. avoided discussion =d made a hastyretreat.
SUArMEPRASZZq WORTPwT i*Xr-m I LTRP(OnnT. - CROWN- C05VRTHefofrc . Justice WxTs) ilL LOllfl}Iut', his morning, at the opening of the cou 5le1teIacd Betsy M'1Lrlan, found gulilty on Saturday of the oLaaghte. of her husband by killing him with small doses ofantimony, to be transported ;.or life. His Lordship tien proceeded with the Ziril of comxmon ~jury casei Th.s SIELLEn V. MILLIGAN. This a action brought by the plaintiff to recover damages for an ury sustained by him from the negligenoe of the defendat servants. Mr. Seijeant Wilkins ua m. Brett appeared for the plaintiff- and Mr. Edward James, Q.C., and hIr. Mihward For the aefendanhs It appeared that the action was krought by the ylaintiff, who r a porter in the employment of Messrs. Ma colmnson and Co.. against the defendants, who are cotton-brokers at Liverpooi, to recover damages for an ijuty sustaiaed in the spine by the falling of a bale of cotton- the accident having arisen, as the plaintiff alleged, by the neglignee of a servant of the defendants. It appeared that the " cottons" of the defendants, as well as those of the plaintiff's employers, were warehoused in a uarehouse in Liverpool, called Bnrm's Fonndry, and so placed that a gangway was left b-etwveen the piles of. cotton, to enable the worm%en to pass and re-pass ; and upon the 7th of June last the p,aintiff was passing along the gangway about 1 o'clock, when a eervant of the defendants, named Kelly, being on the top of the pile, threw down a bale into the gangway, wathout, as the plaWtiff insisted, giving any warning whatever. The balo fell upon the plaiatiff, knocked him down, and iflicted the serious injury complained of. Upon the part of the defendants it as distinctly assertedthatKelly had giventhe usual wVarning, and further, that he was not acting as the servanb of the defendants at that time, being there without any authority from them, inasmuch as he had not been directed by their foreman to resune hiswork afterthe dinner hour. His LoRDsEuP having summed up, The jury found a vercdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 26N CIVL COusRT.-(Before Ml2r. Baron, BRALwELL and a Secdaz Jury.) ILARIUSON V. XLass. This was an action n a policy of sea insurance. Mr. Hill, Q.C., and Mr. Aspland appeared fortheplaintiff; and Mr. Attorney-General Knowles, Mr. Wilde, Q.C., and Mr. Blackburn for the defendant. The action, it appeared, was brought on a policy of insurance on the ship Grand Bonny and cargo, on a trading voyage to the west coast of Africa, with liberty to barter goods at factories. The ship went out and anchored accordrag to usage off the bar of the river Benin on the coast of Africa, and a great part of the cargo was sent by tenders to the plaintiff's factory up the river, where a portion of it was bartered for palm oiL On the 3d of March, 1853, while the ship was off the river, a fre occurred at the factory, destroying the cargo which had been landed from the ship, and also a quantity of palm oil which had been purchased with it by barter with the natives, and which had not yet been sent on board the ship. The plaintiffs sought to recover on the policy at the rate of 651. 10 per cent. on the loss thus sustained, and also for loss of freight from the river Bonny occasioned byaninjurythevesselhadsustained on her ontward voyage,which prevented her taldng on board so large a cargo as she otherwise would have done. The defendants contended that the goods burnt had been safely landed 'within the meaning of the policy, and that the palm oil destroyed had notbeen on board, and was not insured. They aslo contended that freight could not be recovered on goods which had never been on board the ship. They contended that the policy did not cover the cargo or the oil in the factory. Several vitnesses were called to prove the usage and custom of the African trade, as to bartering outward bound goods for a return cargo, and the facts having been agreed upon, A verdict was entered for the defendant, with leave reserved to the plaintiff to move to enter a verdict for him non obstante reredicto on the issues raised.
POLICE. fANSEoS-HorUs-George Morle, a young man, messenger to Mr. AL H. Mhroes, clothier, o No. 8T, Tower-hill, was brought before Mrr. Alderman WrnxE, charged with having stolen a gold watch and chain from the desk of his -Tetprisoncr was remanded. Jesse Barnet, a man of about 85s years of age, who had the appearance of a cormercal traveller, was chareed with stealingftwobalesuofflhannel, consisting of 92 yards each, from the prenises of Messrs. Eynashtn and Co., merchants, of Gresham-atreet. H. Jones, a porter in the service of the prosecutors, said, -About 9 o'clock this morning I observed the prisoner, who was a total stranger to me, lcaving the warehouse with a bale of flannel uAeer each arm. Iran after him and stopped him, upon which he dropped the property and escaped from Me. W. Turner, constable No. 449, said,-About 9 o'clock this morning I heard a cry of " Stopthief," andaslIasinthe act of turning my head towards the direction from which it proceeded the prisoner ran agaist mne with great force and threw me upon my back. He was seized by another man and gTen into my custody. I found upon him a silver watch and guard, three rings which he wore on his fingers, and Ss. in silver. When charged with the robbery he mnade no answer, and refused his address. After the usual caution, the prisoner was asked whether he wvished to say anything in answer to the charge, upon whichhe replied that he should reserve his defence till his trial took place. He was then fully commnitted to the Central Criminal Courtt Henry Clark, a soldier belonging to the 77th Foot, was charged, upon his own ccnfession, with being a deserter. Henry Trinder, city officer, 587, said that as he was on duty the previous evening a corporal of the Grenadier Guards brought the prisoner to him and said he wasadeserter and had given hinself up to him. The prisoner having admitted the statement to be true, the officei tookz him into custody. In answer to Alderman WIBE the prisoner, who exhibited a Crimean medal on his breast, said he deserted from his regiment in June last. The prisoner was remanded, in order that the authorities at the War-office might be communicated with. In the case of Fossey and Neary, reported in our impres;ion of yesterday, through atypographcal ezrror the amount of baii fixed bythe Lord M'ayor is stated to have been " themaselves in 00. and two securities in 251. each," instead of "themnselves in 500l. and two securities in 2501. each." The LOoD MAsYon requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of 11. from " J. F. V." as a donation to the poorbox. Bow-sTvnr.-A private in the Coldstream Guards, named James Orpin, appparently about 50 years of age, and having upon his breast a Crimean medal and four clasps, besides three good conduct stripes upon the sleeve of his uniform, was brought before Mr. HALT, charged with ,attempting to commit suicide on Sunday -morning by jump. ing from a steamboat into the river Thames. It appeared from the evidence that while Inspector Thomas, of the Thames Police, was on duty at the stationgalley near the Adelphi-pier, at about half-past 9 in the morning, he saw the defendant go on board the halfpenny steamboat Endeavour, ran across the deek, throw off his leather belt, and jump into the river. The inspector immediately caDLed his men to the oar and proceeded to the spot, where they caught defendant's body with the boathook, and succeeded in getting him into the boat. The defendant remained breathless for some little time, and then calLed to the crew to let hint drown, exclaiming earnestly, "Oh, let me drown, pray let me drown ! I did not know you were so near me." Ee th nmade several attempts to throw himself in again, Strugviing very hard with the men, until the insetor threateuejtohand cuff him if he did not remain qmet. On being asked what motive he could have for destroyinghis life he repfed " My wife, my dear wife, whom I loved so truly, has left me." He was then taken to Bow-street. I The colour-sergeant of the regiment, a fine stalwart fellow, also wearing the Crimean medal and clasps, here stepped 'orward and informedthe magistrate that defendant, who had been on duty throughout the late campaign, was a most efficient soldier, and bore an excellent character. He had sent home a great deal of money to his wife during his absence in the Crimea-more, perhaps, than any other man in the battalion; and when, onreaching home again, he handed her every penny of his savings she suddenly absconded from him, having, it Vwas believed formed an adulterous connexion wwith another man daring her husband's absence. - - - The defendant, who seemed painfuly aCected, sid ha was fully sensible of the wrong he bad committed in a moment of bitter anguish, and assured his worship thatif he would overlook the offence this time it should never be repeated. He had livedhappily with his wife for 14 years, and her sudden desertion now, without any conceivable ca e,was so great a shock to him that it wasalmost more than he conld bear. Mr. HIA1 .-Are there any children 1 Defendant.-None now living, your worship; Mr. H&LT.-That is a fortunate thing for you. You appear to be a mo-' respectable man as well as a brave soldier, and you may depend upon it that she is whollY unworthy of you, You, as a soldier, ought not, to waste a single tear upon a woman who has proved herself so ungrateful-so utterly worthless. Inspector Thomas stated that the wife's mother and sister were in court, but they knew nothing of her. The mother, a decent-looking woman, here Came as to the witness-boxweepmig bitterly. She said the defendant had been a very gO husband to her daughter, and she was wholly at a less to account forher unfeeling conluct towards him. She had never known them to quarrel. They lived together, on the contra_y, most affectionately Mr. HALL inquired if there was any one to look to him until his mind became calmer and more settled 5 Defendant.-Take myword, your worship, I will not attempt it again, I had better go to the banacks. That willbe the place for me. I had leave, ae a married man, to live out of barracks. But now I must go biak. Let me go with the sergeant. Eventually the defendant was given up to the sergeant, who undertook to look after bim for the present. The case excited much commriseration in court. fAR=0oROUGcusTERPz.-Mary Ann Routledge, a very young woman, was brought up fer final examiniation before Mr. BE/- QOn, for havin" attempted to commit sicide. This was the secona attempt the prisone- had made on her life within a short period. The prisone isia*person of intemperate habits and very violent temper. i none of her fits of debauchery and pas3ion she told h,r sister she would poison herseldf. She procured a quantity of oxalic acid and swallowed it. Ha.ving been discove>redl labouring aunder the effects of the poison, she was- immnediately taken to the hospit.al; a^nd by the timely application of the stomach-pum.np her life was saved. She was breught to this court, and on expressing ucntrition for her conduct. she was given uip -to her father, a, general dlealr, in Hiiyes.~ court.. Yecterho a 'sh father oul the prisoner was the principal witness againt her. He said that on Saturday night weekc his daughter camie home quite di~unl- and decla~red she wvouald cut her throat. Soon after this threat she seized a kaife and be&an cutting her throat. The knife wa-as immediatenl wreAetd from 'her, hut not until she had inflict-ed such u arequired her immediate removal to thehospital; ersh had been unaer medical treatment ever since. He said his daughter lid faithfully promised to reform, and he waswilling to give her another trial. Mr. BnMUtON dim not place wmch faith dain the-promise, as it was given in the samit way on a formi occasion andl broken.- The prisoner said, if her father would take her back seG would reform altogether. - - The father said he would receive her, but the third time allH the consequences must be on sr anown head. EMr. BsADot hav nsented to this arrangement, the prisone rw sv discharged. WxSffREn.-Thom&s Norton and Thomas Ewer were charged -with having been in possession of bight 5h. notes, the property of Sir Benjamin Hall, M.P., and which wree supposed to have been stolen. Mr. Smyth, from the officle of Mfr. Sorrell, attended for the prisoner Norton. Policeman Huddy, a detective of the B division, No, 19o , said that onL the 12h of Mrarch last he receivedl notice to call at the residence of Sci Benjamin Hall, 9, Stanhopestreet. He thero saw Lady Hail, who informed him that she had lest eight 5!. Bank of Englad n2otes, wit-h her pocketbook, in Siloane-stree. Her Ladyship diretecd him tosateo the notes at the Bank-,and she gave immtheonumber ofach Lastm Tuesday he receivea inormaLtion that some wier stopped. He obtained the numbers of tham, and tracedl that they had been paid away by the prisoner Ewer to Mr. Jammawa a wn roker. Mr. AsNorD.-How did you trace them? n Witness.-I found that tlieyhadbeen paid irnto the Bank of England by the London and Wzstminster Bank, and that they had passed through two or three other persons' hauds previously. Evidence oontinued.-On Saturday night I mect Ewer andl asked him -where be got the* noteefromn that he changed at Mr. Jammaway's. He replied that he received them from the lamplighter (meaning. Norton). While they were in conversation Norton came up, when Ewer said to him, "1Here's a row now about- those notes." In answer to witness Norton said, "1Well, I picked themnup in Sloanestreet on the 4th of May. I keptthem three or four weeks, expecting they would be advertised and lookedl in the paesfo htpurpse,and, seeing no advertisement, I Mfr. Ainxommff.toa on the 12th of March they were loat. end on the 4th of May he says he found them. Witness.-Yes, Sir. I went to the prisoner's house, and found there four 5!.-notes. Tho'numbers on them conre. spondl with those given me by Lady Hall. SirB. Hall, Bat,sae to h a n qestion Lady of-it wasi Slane-statedtha on ther dayin out oitto pay a visit. She thought it scacely poss ethat her pocket was picked, and believed that she must have drojipe-d her pocketbook in the street, either in going out o'f or int-o her carriage. She had no desire to press the charge against the prisoner. The constable had most thoroughly '' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~2 yers, and ad hlthegrto ha7ded ai mos exceblleent ch arac.nter Nortn sid hathe funda prce ina gatter in Sloanestret, bou 4 oclok i themoringof thu 4th of Mlay. He howd he ote t seera prsos,and saw no adverMr. AacxoLD.-Did it never occur to You to put an advertisemeit in the newspapers ? Prisoner.-No, Sir. There were eight notes in a packet, rolled up, but no pocketbook. Ewer stated that Nsorton ask-ed him t change the notes. A witness came forward and gave Norton a good character. Mr. A-NyOLDr observed, that after the character he had hear of ortn; ad asthee wa noevidece of the notes havng eenstoen,he houd dschrgethem ; buLt it was extrordnar tha he(Noton)too nosteps to discover to whomthenots beongd. t wa a erydishonest act, and appoaced erynerlyto eloy. henotes must be The prisoners were discharged. %VoP_o-sumnv.-Geor.e Tye, a respectable looking youth of 16, was charged before Mr. D'Ev~xcouicv with th'e following inagenious robbery:- EPmma Hood, servant in the family of a gentleman named Holdron, residing in Charles-square, Hoxtoni, stated,-Ab 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon I heard a kmock at the stree door, andl on opening it saw tho prisoner, who took off his hat, and, apologzn to me for troubling me, asked me if I would have the, kidn best to let him p ass through into the garden, as a valusbe fancy pigeon had escaped and flown o-ver cur wvall, and he wisbed to secure it. I said I could not dlo so unless I had mny mistresss lpermission, and ran upstair to the drawing-room to obtain it, leaving him standing in the hall. I was not gene two minutes- but on my returninglIcould not see the prisoner, esusp ected something wrong, and entered the break-fast pariour, the door of which was open, and the instantl ot in I mlsse a gold watch, gold chain, and silver sn= x, or toehr2 -m the mantel-pee ,wrhtoehr2!,fo rsEizbth Hogan, wife of a watchmaker living opposite the prosecutor, said,-At 4 o'clock on Saturday I saw the prisoner hastily slip out of the prosecutor's house, when he was immediately joined by another youth who was standn near, andI both ran off together. Ilam quitze Positve hetisno theisam youLth. I c-annot be misaken in mny identifi- Cross-examined by the prisoner.-I certainly did say be. fore I saw you that I should not bve able to identify you, hut the moment I did see you I recognized you at once. Burrough, 392 N.-The prosecutor's servant gave me so accurate a description of the prisoner that I captured him while inx the precencts of this court to-day, and on taking him toDthe house she identified him immediateoly. WhenlI told him the charge he indlignantly exclaimed, "I don't k-now what youime-an, Sir," butllmnewbhimito bethe comp amen of thieves and detained him. None of the property ~sbeen recovered.' Plrisoner.-It is aUla misake, Sir, I assure you, andaarises from my renmark-able resemblance to a young man who r-- sides at the other end of the town. Mr. VlYEvcounrT could not coincide i' -sr `n and, the depositions having been tak-:i, lit -sot .- w-, fully committed for trial at the session.. 1LancnTvm-George Buckiaghac.i, .. soistrIly-d-reased young fellow, was charged before the 11, n_ (. C. NORTON with robbing Mr. TylIer Oughton, a medical student, of a The prosecutor statedI that abDout 2 o'clo-ck on that day he was standing in the street, a short distancee f-rom the Surrey-gardens, looking at the Guards going to dine5 thiera, whenhe felt atug at his right-hani waistcoat-pocket, and found that his watch was gone. At the same instant he saw the ring of his watch in thLe prisoner's hand, and he immediately seized him, but the prisoner, who struggled desperately with hima, managed to get rid of the watch before thoeconstableocame up. The ring of the watch, which was broken away from the watch itFelf ,was found close to where the prisoner stood. The prisoner denied the charge, andl was remanded to be seen by the detectives. Henry Seymour was next put to the bar, charged with attempting to steal a goldl watch from the person of a French In hiscas th prsonr hd sccededin getting a valuablegol wach ut f te pcke oftheprosecutor, but, bein intanly eizd, h wa obige tolet it drop, and it James Roberts was nest chargedl with attempting to pickthe pocket of Mr. Edlwardl John Smith, a wine merchanit on St. John's-wood.terrace. The prosecutor said, that while in the Waterloo-road on that day, looking at the Guardls going past, the prisoner made a desperate attempt to secure his watch, but he prevented and secured him. The prosecutor addedl that this was the third time he had detectedl the prisoner in robberies and attemptedarobberies. On one occasionthe prisoner had been convicted and sentenced to six months' iraprisoument for stealing a half-sovereign ; but in the second case, which -was that of picking a pock et cl6se to the Duke of York's Column, the lady refuLsed to prosecute. Mr. N'orToN at once disposed of this case and sentencecl the prisoner to three months' imprisonmient. George Green was charged- with stealing a valuable gold repeater from the person of Mr. John Ellis, a gentleman residing at Pinnier, Middlesex. Mr. Ellis stated that, while looking at the Guards entering the gardens, some confusion was causqed by a horse galopig u, ad i tht cnfuiontheprisoner ran right agaist im nd solehiswatc, wichwas safe a mnoment he ollwedhim bu beorehe as ecuedhegori of the John Smith was also remandled for stealing a watch from theperon f M~ Jhn te hes, s wrealso Jaimes Nronto rob Mr.William Gulding ofhisowatch Mr. Novo~ rqueste the cknow edget of a 51.-note
R pIWYITLI~c NEWOAZIL~ I e 14zWCASTI: AND CART.ZRT.P,t 'Theo directors of this compmy have, announced their inthetion to peay om the 5th o September, an intermediate dividend Of tb Per cent;,r es incomh taxsa r the -halfyear ending the omp of June last, on the ordinary t e has of the company.- M[ETROPOIXTA.T.. *The report of -the directors of this company states. tha the small expenditure since the last report may be rgre as balanced by the interest which hass accraed du onth funds of* tho company in the hands of the Accountant. General. In the last session the Great Northern Railway Compay assented to the insertion of powers to enable them to sIbscribe 175,0001. in the capital of this company. and to enter into trasEic amrngements. Negotiations thereupon ensued between the two companies, which are still inpro. gress. Thearrangementwhichhasbeen ubliclyannouncecbetween certain of the shareholdersandSr.JJ. Ricarao,MLP., has insured the distribution of a large number of shares held by those gentlemern during the late monetary crisis7 which tended so much to weaken theposition of tho company. The directors have elected thsat gentleman chairman of their boar4, but they regret that a severe attack of illness has hitherto prevented him from taking upon himself the active dauties of that office. The directors have entered into a contract to complete the works for a fixed sum, which will- inw elude-allcontingencies connected withroa4s, sewers, water and gas pipes, and other similar items. The shareholders have nowT the assurance that a double line of mixed gauge from Paddington to the.Post-office can be omrpleted 'vithin the company's available capital. The directors bave secured the right of purchasing a larg area of tho vacant land abutting on. the nenw street leading from arnngdon-street. Rlegard being had to the position of the land, its shape and extent, the cost at which it has been obtained, and its importance to the larger railway companies with which it is intended to connect the MIetropolitan, this acquisition must be deemed of. great value. -The capital account shows that 123,148L has been received, and 39,1731. expended, leaving a balance of 71,2501. in the hands of the Accountant-General, and 12,725 at the bankars.' SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE The half-yearly meeting of this company was held atI lichfield yesterday. Mr. R. C. Chawner presided. The C EOaA n, in moving the adoption of the repor observed thatthe principal expenses incurred during the last half-year had been in the constraction of the new branches, or lawcharges, andlandandcompensation. TheirlawbiUls amounted to 3,6361, and land and compensation to 9,36& A great expense had likewise been incurred at the Dadley and Browiills stations in consequence of the great increase of traffic. Their line of railway, he was happy to say, was in good condition, and the tenns of their lease to Mr. m'lcan had been fully complied with. Mr. Johnson and Mr. Payn, two of their directors, had gone over the line and ened everypoint requiing investigation. Thosegentle. men bad recommended the appointment of arbitrators to settlesomemattersindispute, and the board had deter. mined to adopt their sugestion. Mr. JoYnsox seconded the motion. Mr. JETsoN called attention to the absence of any revenue account. They ought to have a full statement of the rents received, the balance in hand of unpaid dividends, ho. Perhaps the chairman would explain how it was that uch an account was not published, and ree that the proprietors were furnished with one on future occasions. The CUAxaas thought Mr. Jesson's suggeosion a valuable one, and saw no reason why the account should not be published. The account, however, was on the books of the company, si"ned by the auditor, and could be consulted by any harehoijer. As, however, they were coming to the end of their capital acecount ho saw no objection to publish a revenue account every half-year. Mr. FORSTER, M.P., complained of Iichfield being "an out of the way place ;" and, as Walsall was the birthplace of the South Staffordshire Railway, recommended that the future meetings of the company should be held in that town. Alter some further conversation, the matter wvas left with the directors, upon the understauding that the next half-yearly meeting should be held in Birmingham or WalisaIll The inconveniences to which passengers on the South Staffordshire Railway were subjected at the Wichnor junction with the Midland near Burton-upon-Trent were next made a subject of complaint by several proprietors. They were frequently kept hours upon their journeys, and it was highly desirable that some better communication should bo effected between Wichnor and Burton. Mr. P. DYoLL thought the time was come when they ought to know whether the London and North-Weterm were the allies of the South Staffordshire Company. The CAiRmvAsn was glad the subject had been mentioned. Me had always considered the Wichaor junction a weakr point with the Staffordshire Company. At the present time he would not enter further into the question. It was a most imporhant subject, and would not be lost sight of by the directors. The report vas then umanimously adopted, asda dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. on 91. 10s. for the half-yea,- and on It. 5s. from the 1st of May to the 31st ult., naving been declared, the meeting separated. NORTHERN COUNTIES UNION. The half-yearly meeting of this company was appointed to be held yesterday at the London tavern, but in consequence of the non-attendance of a sufficient number of shareholders the meeting was adjourned sine die The report stated that the directors feel very desirous to close the affairs of the company and to put an end to their own duties, at the same time deeming it most ihr '-it to exhaust every effort to secure an eligible trrui the property. They express their regret that th : 1 Seen unable to effect afinal setUl en of the I2eds3 Nortlhemn purchase, under which a sum of ,OOOL., tewetthe with m interest at 6 per cetnt, for fire year isnowe7ingIa the c,->v. The accounts showed a balance in. haad of ,A,,.r. favour ofthdcompoany. -OTIFtOtRD, MONMIOUTH, USE, AN) PONTYPOOL. The report of the directors of this company states that the lie from Usk to the juncetion with the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway, four miles in iength, was op-ned on the 2d of June last, and byarrangement is worked by that company. The weekly returns up to the present time are as favourable as can be expected. The section of the line from Usk to Monmouth, 12 miles in length, is in a forward state, and wil be ready for opening in the spring of next year. It was estimated by the directors that, if the traffic on the line to Monmouth should oniv amount to 151. per mile perweek, it would pay a dividend apon its cost at thu rate of 5 per cent. per annum, allowing 50 per cent. for working expenses. WHITEHAYTEN, CLEATOR, AND EGREMONT. The accounts of this company to the 30th of June iast show that the total amount oi capital authorized by act of Parliament to be raiRsed is 66,6001-50,0001. in shares, and 16,600W by loans. Of the shares the sum of 47,9371. has been paid up, while of thel6,6001. to be raisedby loans the company have borrowed 15,3001., making, to the above date, in cluding interest and transferfees, 63,702?. On the disbursement side of the capital account appears a total of 62,0571. leaving a balance in favour of the company of 1,6441. With the exception of some accommodation for passenger traffic the line is completed. The Government inspector passed over it a fewdays ago, andreported favourably of its general construction, butitrequired the erection of several additional signal posts, amidhe construction of some new sidings before certifying it for passengers. These matters are being attended to, but it will bO some weeks yet before they can be completed. The entire length of the line is about nine miles, and the cost of construction has been within the original estimate. The line was opened for the conveyance of iron ore on the 8th of January last, but for some weeks afterwards the quantity conveyed over it was comparatively smalL Inorderto insure despatch and disinish cost of transit, many of the iron ore Proprietors are constructing branch lines to their works, Considering that the line has not been worked during the whole of the half-year, the revenue has realized tho expectations of the promoters. The total receipts on revenue account amount to 3,5101., and the expenditure to 1,7381, leaving a balanoe of 1,7721. The directors purpose recommending a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum. Since the opening of this line for mineral traffic, the weekly receipts on both the Whitehaven Junction Railway and the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway have increased more than 30 per cent. as compared wlth the receipts of corresponding vweeks last year. SEHREWSBURY AND WELSHPOOL. The first ordinary meeting of this company was held yes. terday at Shrewsbury. The Earl of Powis presided. The secretary (Mr. R. S. France) having read the notice. convening the meetine, T=boetRSMrAIs congratulated- the shareholders on the suecese thatlhad attended their application to Parliament for an act authorizing the construction of. the line after a very long and tedious opposition in both Houses of Parliament. The Parliamentary oppoeiEion, though technicaLly th at of landowners along the line, appeared from the s,peeches of ospposing counsel and the nature of the cross-examination to lsaveheencondnctedon " the large scale of the breed gauge." As no evidence w/as called in either House of Parliament on behalf of landownrn.s as to the in,iury that w.ould he done to their several properties by the making of the line, he hoped that now the act had passed they would be disposed to meet the company iu a conciliatory spirit; and as far as the company: was concerned, he believed it to be the duty of the directors to meet the landowners in a liberal mauner. Heregrtte that aclause had been struck out of the bill for mriking arrangements with the Oswestry and Nfesetown Company, and he hoped that before the line wvas completed an opportunity would oceur fedapplying to Parliament for those powe:s. The 'shareholders would agree with himn that the more intimate the connesion existingbetween the two cornpanies the more likelythey were to have a decent dividend. Hehadtoregret the postponement of the consideration of the accounts until the next hall-yearly meeting, aws there had not been sulfficient time since the passing of the act to prepare a statement of the preliminar and raliamentary expenses, The secretary then read the repcort, which stated that the p resent directors retired from office and offered themselves for re-election. -The act aulthorized the election of 10 zdirectors, and the board recommended that their numnberbe increased to 10. The hoard recommended that the saLary of the secretary-be fixed at 2501. per annum, They recommended that M. Robert Owen and Mr. H. B. Biakemore he elected.ifiditors of tiEo company at a salary of 10 guineas Tho On- then moved -the adopt.ion of the report, which, alter some discussion, was agreed to. Messrs. H. Qwren and R. B, Blalemore were elected auditors. The secretary's ao aintment was confirmed, and his salary washied at twJla.asear. br. EH. Ko paroposed aresolution to the effect that the London and Norta- estern Company should provide the rolling stok and work the lIne at so muh ner mile itr. W. BsA3tedy seconded the resolutson. The resolnUton was caried, and on a poll being demhnded by Mr. David PFgh; )LP., isl nal director, weral shariholders strongly urge =rKet io-7inZ&w his resolution, and he was at ienti induced to do xo. - LXrd Powi,,. Hon. C. kfo2rbt 31r .J Naylor, Mr. F. H. ytton,and Mr C. Moris, er lected, directors ofnthe company a ithont opposition, but for the five other sented their reot=we u pare a des-pached OXFORD, WOFTEI AND WOLVEREANETO21. had bdeed 1e eved to the 0hof JOun-ae. and 3,4747,94729. account for lthe haf-year endng the h ofJune shows that 69,xoE2831. hadheen re aO*h;nd a60e8&69expended, leaving.x account~, and 1,73&. from the StourhrideEtninanl z ,~~~~~~~~~fo 4651. to the Chipping orreo l Coman for prprino tafc, inaldngtogethe 27,9341. an leaing °:2, d°J°l1 CARI&B AD SILTOIL It is intended to openL thig line for public traffic onThurs. day next. The event is to be celebrated by a puLblic dinner The directorsgof this company have issued a tAxtement of the acoounte, from which it appears that the total amnount of share capital paid up amountts to .477,382?., independent of 58,9861. received on share 'whli& are merged and extgise. The sumT of 100,000?. lisz beent received fromn the Public Worzs Loan Commissioners, 25,000?. of which has beenL received withinx the last ha]fyear. The loans on debentures amount -to 65,000?. On the other siae of -the account the principal items are 326,296?. paid for works, 33,609?. paEd to the holders of Dublin and Bray shares in the form of sire of the Dablin and Wich-low Company, 84043?. for land and compesation, 41,934?, for erxenses of act of incorporationi, BELFAST A1D COUNJETY DOWN. The half-yearly report of this company states that the revenue for the sid months ended 31st July amounts to 7,036!., being anincrease over the correspondingbalf-vear of 2J33. The working espenses amlounted to 2,x051.: Tho balance-sheet showed a nrofit of 4,068., atd the directors recommend that a dividend of As. lper share be declared, and a sum of 670!. he carried to the reSerVe fned. With respect to the extension of the line to Doaghadee as the point of communicatior. with Scotland, the epor sotcesthat the "lords Commsioners of Ah Aubty have reported that the most favourable ports for the establishmnent of a short sea passage are those of Donaghadee and PortpatricL" The ne8otiaton for a loan from the Public Works Commissioners IS proceeding satisfactorily. An act was passed in the last session of Parksment for the constraction of a railway from Dunmfries to Castle Douglas, being a consderable portion of the line required to connect Dumfries with Portpatriclr. Surveys of the remainder of the line are now in progress, and an at, itishoped, ill be obtainediiuthenext sesson of Parliament authorWiing its completion to that port. NlEWRY AND ENISKILLEN. The report of the directors of this company states that, in the present peculiar position of the line of this compay, it is far too short to be worked 'with economy or advantaNe, or with any prospect, in its present position, of its paying a dividend; ancuthey unanimouslyrecommend that a junction shall be formed with the Warrenpoint Company, provided that company are disposed to contribute their proper share towards the expense of doing so, and then to lease their line on favourable terms to this company. The expense of effecting this junction will be of comparatively small amount, while an immense amount of saving in the wording expenditure of the line will be thereby effected, and the company, by this means, have the advantage not only of the sea, but of one of the finest ports on the eastern coast of Ireland. The directors are also of opinion that the le of this company should be extended inland to Armagb. provided reasonable arrangements can be entered into with the landowners along the line, and provided, also, that material and pecuniary support and assistance are given by the merchants, &c., of *Newry and A rmagh towards effecting an object in which they themselves have a direct interest. A puAlic meeting, at which the directors attended, was in MIay last held in Newry, and apledge given that, on certain terms, 48,0001. would be raised in ewry, Armagh, and elsewhere, towards effecting this object. The directors intimated to the parhes locally interested that, previous to taking any steps in the matter, they would require a bon4 flds share list of proprietors to be forwarded to them, They have since ascertained that the most lieral support for the extension of the lime to Armagh would be afforded by Colonel Close and the other landed proprietors alongthe lhe. The accounts for the half-year endingthe 30th of June, 1856, show that the receipts on account of capital amount to 3,721., and the payments to 5,4431. The receipts on account of traffic amount to 800, and the payments to 994. With reference to the small balance against the company on revenue account the directors deem it of no importance, the same having arisen from the Dayment of thebalance due to the superintendent, to the 31st of December, and the sam of 601. lOs. paid into court in dischae of al arger claim made on the company F. Spackman, jun, both cf which were. properly chargeable to the revenue account for the prevous half-year; from the fact of a reduction of rates after the opening of the Dab3in and Belfast CompFany's stabion, and from the further fact of there not being, till withi a Tery recent period, any waiting-rooms for the rcception and accommodation of pass<engers at the terminus of this company. The average wvee3ly receipts are nOwY above 40'., which more than pa-ys the expenses. A juction with the Warrenpoint Railway would materially conduce to a still further reduction in the working expenses, and enable both lines shortly topsy adividend. Thedirectorspropose to apply to Parliament an the next session for power to reduce the nominal share capital of the company from 50l. to 12!. lOs. per share. The utmost amount then that could be called up would be Sl. 16s. per share. The directors assume the cost of the junction with the Warrenpoint Railway at 8,000., being 1,OOOL. above tho highest estimate. The capital account to the 30th of Juno shows that 131,32GI. had been expended, leavin a balance against the company of 1,461l. The statement of assets and liabilities shows a deficiency of TRAFC RETURNS. Miles Pas- ier- Total, Total, lwaf s. open. senge. chandise. 153. isS. Week ending August 11. ;X' ALisiage and Wavro .. .. 26 .- .. 232 Week ending August 14. UaiaA nutonia .. .. - .. - .. - .. 223. 149 Week ending August 23. Soath-Eastern . .. - - ... - . 2L014 . 23,8B3 London, Brighton, & South coast .. .. .. 183 - 13,442.. 3,04 16,456 - 17,460
THE GTAT BELL F Te WESEMS= CnocE.- This monster bell has nowbeen raised from the pit, and was sounded for the first time -with a clapper of 7cwt. on Friday last. The casting is remarkably clean, and the tone is thought to be very fine by all who have yet heard it. The diameter is 9 feet 5. inches; the height outside 7 feet lOA inches;- insidoi;feetS inches- thicnes of sound bow 9nches; of the 'aist S inches. It has not yet been 'weighed, but, as it has shrunk less than 7as expected in casting, it is believed that the 'weight wi1 be rather over 15 tons. The note is E natural. The bdllhastheofollowing inscription running round it, just ahove the sound bow "Cast e 20th yeir of the reign of er Ijesty Queen Victoria, and in the year of onr Lord 1856, from the design ofE1dmnund .Bcklett *Denison. 4-C ;Sir Ben,*7ini Hall, Baronet, MLP., Chief Cormmisioner of Worli." On the ist or midde of the bell re the Rloyal arms, and the nunos of the founders and patentees of the mode of casting which has been adoptedfornt, " John. Waner and Sons, Cresent Foundry, OnipplegAte, London." The certificate of Professor Whrtetone and the Rev. W. Talor F.R,, er one of thea, is required_in addition to that of r. -Dcnison, The latter gentlema is Elthe nly one of the tbree zeer 'who haaet seen it. The quater bells 'will now be proeeeded with; the laget or them 'will be 6 feet in diameter and 'will 'eigh about 4 tons, andis also tobe cast at1Sorton, near Stoclcton-on-Tees.
DISAS RAT S .-We have received an interesting accomnt of a- eventful occurrence Lnt sea fromMr. C. W. Adams, aenger on board the Faci6o steamship Santiago, Commder W. LEN Brtlett, from rparaiso, dated CGIa,> Jnly 4. Ee states that the Santiago, of 1,50) tons, with 180penonsonboad, ndcaryin avaluable caro, and ValEaxaiso,on the 28t fJn,Stckpna refo rocks, biown as the "Infernal rocks," during adran hazy night. The ship was iinxnedouteSy sopdadbce down. The coolness,ener y, ndaju- nentof b however, appear to have saved the ship i and, after a-baost incredible exertions, shared in by al on board, for two days and nights, sho arrivwd in safety at Callao. During thiz fearful period the aniety of all on bord mnay be imagined -the water gainipg on them in spite of theumost exeons at the pumps. "AOe-waLter-tiaght corn arttient alone saved themfromdestruction; for had tho - ea forwardgiven way the &res would nave been extinguished and the eine and pumps stopped, and the vessel must ha-ve sunk in halfan-hour. Throu&hout the whole of. this trying scene the captain never qutted the decl, and the officers and crew, to a man, are stated to hare behaved xith the most exemplary fortitude and untiring zeaL Owng to these exertions, in circumstances of suh distng difEculty no lifo wvs sacrificed, and the valuable cargo was preserved SoX3IA0X, A . 25.-The new screw steamship Aden, a fine steamer belonging to the Peninsular and Orental Company, fas tried at the measured mile Ini Stokes Bay on Satuday, with a view of testing her spOd The Aden is the lcrgest iron steamer ever built in Southampton, said has enconstwued by 3Mesrs. S=mers and Day of this olce. Several of the directors of the company, together with the Surveyor of the Bord of Trade, attendad to witnes5 thetrial, which-was3nall repects satisfactos the mean offourrans at the measured nile being 2.5TI) knots, eqiual to a peed of 14.5 tatatte miles per hour. The result was considered higlysaisfactory, the Aden was loaded nischs deeper than her ar 5e scagoingtriu, irand cordance rith the requirements of the Admniralty. The drauBht of wter -ws 13 feet 5 inces forward,- and 14 foet 3 ;ces aft. Cealinibu kers,335 tons; *arter in tanhand hafla^t, r^eprewaeting 90 tone; total 25 tons deea weght: on bord. The Aden is 9S7 tons burden, ana 210-horse powrer, llth boilers upon Iamb and S s paet prin. ciple. She is appointed toleaeSoutha onednda wsth themail for Vig, Oporto, Iisbon, CarandGi) raltar.
